Oh the fun you can have in a photobooth! ;) #goodday with , , , and
Connect a new computer to the web and w/in 5 min on avg. it will be scanned by hackers.
Hey, go check out my band if you're bored out of your mind like me! #myheartremains.com #rtht..Smooches!
u asked for it
good evening, m'lady
He hate me when I leave cus when I leave I never call him.
Isn't an #iPad mini just an #ipod?
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
S/O Too>>> Thanx for the luv...Thats how u do..
Happy Groundhog Day!!! CHOOSE SPRING!!!!
lol lol uh and where exactly do I go to "get" one of those??? Lol
I hate this town, it's so washed up and all my friends
Booked the Psychiatrist in the SAG Indie Feature THE CHALLENGER written/directed by Kent Moran (LISTEN TO YOUR HEART w/ Cybill Shepard).
Oh yes. Spent many days giggling at Stephanie's antics. Likewise, Jim Butcher's Dresden Files. Mysteries that make me laugh.
Never trust someone that wears colored contacts. They've already lied to you.
girls STILL get micro braids??????? i could NEVER take a chick seriously that still puts that in her head!
is it about Bruce Campbells () chin? That stunning chunk of meat and bone can't possibly be real.
“: If you are out celebrating #CincoDeMayo please celebrate responsibly. Don't drink and drive.” lmfao
who do we want the rangers to face in the alds?
Guess Doc wanted more time on the clock instead of 4 seconds. Plus if they got the rebound we would have been fucked.
Friday + wolverine equals crazy delicious!
haha she's ok! She's happy because there's a bed in the guest room now. She has barely moved from it all day
Hiya my followers :) thanks to all you beautiful people for being loyal to this account- pls carry on gaining more followers for me
Help us get the word out about #TriangleEaster by changing your profile picture to our Easter Graphic for next week&half!
Like my nigga said "Hating ass niggas not my type of crowd"
you a pro huh
Why can't music just be free. It'd make the world a better place, I promise.
You know it!!! No shame in my game!!!
What's happening this weekend that's confetti and hood worthy?
It's hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head. ~Sally Kempton
hi Vanessa!
Posted a photo taken from a window circa 1900 on N. Broadway, Yonkers NY.Nothing remains, even the churches are gone www.VictorianSource.com
Damn Lakers witout kobe still winning
I have a friend who went to HS with the mega millions winner in B'more. It's def not the crazy lady who says she won but lost the ticket.
I turn 18 in 15 days :) I'm growing up haha
Yes, Spaghettios are very tasty and easy to make, but they pack the pounds on so make a choice
We don't have much on him, but we can always hope that a diary or other papers might surface someday.
Today is the first anniversary of the day when my life completely and drastically changed forever.
"My heart and my head don't always agree. My head will say to walk away but my heart just won't leave."
Yup! Until the 22nd. RT : You'll be in the A still this this weekend right?
I can't believe Google Plus changed their layout! I was just getting used to nobody seeing the old layout.
Groundbreaking ceremony for A.T. Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry & Oral Health is tomorrow, March 15 @ 10:30 am. Join us!
-this is late but...luved seeng u caruso's cast party.
I'm waiting for the boyfriend video in dying
lls im good now
Come see the special "Take Out" and "Graffiti Gets In" exhiibitions at the Brevard Art Museum one last time before they end August 30th!
it's a tough choice. Both are really good.
I wanted to send you all my love but the postman said it was too big! :))
you live?
I want bubble tea!!!! you got me hooked!
oh I hope you feel better princess! I miss you bunches! :)
- thanks Melo! Keep killing the Moombahton scene. KEEP IT LATIN!
Another cold one in CLeveland, wish I was back in San Diego!!!
Bring it on, Monday!
Is there a way to do a literal event in #fantastical? Like "Bob in NYC" without the event changing to Bob and location being NYC?
Yes, but attractive people trump all.
Ready for music branding tips? Let's go!!
Since the kids wondered where the snow was this year after we watched footage from last Christmas, we're driving up to the snowline to play.
I must be dreaming because everything I see here is fake...
I think my fingers might just bleed...too much guitar these past few days.
A student just dropped off a documentary on the town of Pullman I helped her make that features me as a talking head. Love these projects.
Yeah I'll be there in August
Looking like a mix of mary mustache and diane back fat! What!! lol
RT : Who's coming to support our family?? TODAY! 3-10PM You could go home w/a deer head! Details:...
Worked 16 hours! I am going to love looking at my pay check
on my way to kings island (: #lighters-eminem&brunomars
is phone-less and feels lost
RT": Koolaid is for ugly people"<--Capri-Sun is for the "pretty folk"?
Baby im the best so yu cant do better.. (:
Your speech was a ringing endorsement of the liberal arts. Bravo.
is the best actress/dancer ever! Love you too!
one of the illest #sk8vids I've seen in a minute.
$50 giveaway to Chilango's coming up, make sure you are listening for Pauly's cue!
RT if your pic is real.
please follow she is you biggest fan!74
To all of our club members gone to Las Vegas to enjoy #SuperBowl, we know win or lose you'll love !
i need to meet shorty lol
I dont wanna get ready ;p
Lakeview or the Loop? Where will you be getting CURRIED away today?
I NEED TO GO TO SLEEP.
Yes! You deserve a virtual cookie (:::)
I might be crazy,but at least I keep it interesting..
Recent studies show- People who listen to are happier than people who don't. Spread the love!
Chad Buchanan says an MRI yesterday found an "abnormality" in LaMarcus Aldridge's right hip. Still being evaluated. Surgery not ruled out.
Denver Broncos have traded Tim Tebow to the New York Jets for a fourth-round pick.
Fight tonight.... Cotto bout to catch hands real quick
you rock sir!!
So what will YOU be singing at karaoke tomorrow night? Thursday 7p - 10p 1267D Glenwood Ave Atlanta, GA 30315
#charliesheen Could someone out there please find David Lee Roth and convince him to perform "Just a Gigolo" at Charlie Sheen's roast.
The best way to keep a lie is to put another lie on top of it;)
I don't want to get old time is to fast.
You can order an STD online.. Smdh
That rehearsal was QUICK! Ready to gig tomorrow. Be there! Grown Folks off Old National in the Crowe's Nest.
found you! Menil Collection today for lunch. See you there
ran into anyone special today? Why do I never see you!
our costumes,cough cough striper. I'm keep forgettingI think it's becauseit's light outside and not dark.Joe's gonna kill meD:
Meanwhile in Portlandia, it's 56 and overcast. Tradesies?
Where do designers get inspiration? Share with us what inspires you.
RT Stud. success is everyone's job-not just #deved faculty. High rates of failure even among "college ready"
His mock comic ineptitude was fantastic. So awkward.
Jamming to i love there music
lo thank you
Lmbo. Yes, I know what you're talking about but I can't figure out why you liked the Breeze aka Chrysler Cirrus, Dodge Stratus
rocked that dance to The Temptations ... and they sounded awesome!!!
whatchu talking about? being an adult is awesome. pay bills, work all day. psh. why else would I leave home at 18?
ya!!! Big Al and the keep gettin those wins
If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love. (John 15:10 KJV)
FANSHOES day starts tomorrow with meeting @ ASU book store and couple of meets and greets at the administration!
So I'm glad google's trying to go for a new look and all, but I keep mistaking the "important" button for the checkboxes in
Thank you to the always lovely
White girl talkin' ghetto a'f
I agree(:
thanks though.
Reef Commandment # 2. Never feed the animals. Remember marine life is wild and help at sea is usually a long way from shore.
Even on vacation i'm working…you know me bra bra! Studio tomorrow though…
Seeing "Can I Have This Dance" trending automatically reminds me of my childhood obsession with High School Musical x
UK... #GOCATS #BeatLouisville RT : Great game. Who u got? Uk or louisville?
love it
you have a solid re-tweet game...
Finnish students (among world's highest performing) spend 15 percent of school time in the arts -
Can I ask you to marry me via twitter...can that be accepted? You. Got. It.
It's amazing how the wildest chicks I knew growing up are now godsquad moms. Facebook is fascinating.
Let's go Packers!
Is it just me, or do most jack-o-lanterns end up looking like Burgess Meredith?
Have dinner plans this evening? Why not Dobson's! Dobson's Dinner Menu: www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/dinner_menu
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
SPOT: A Survey of Perceptual References
Mount up #BLUEBrothers it's Game Day!!!
Wonderful! I like the way you think. RT : I did! and I made extra because Tuesdays are so hard to get excited about. LOL
Remember me? Well, I used to be your bestfriend.
It's about pride. Not drinking till you puke.
Perfect combo!
We are only 44 PC's away from hitting 1000 checked-in computers here at The Computer Guy - Clermont Store! Will you be our 1000th computer?
Take it to the limit one more time
i aint playing!!!
them or creed...
Prevention is better than cure. ~ Desiderius Erasmus
Show me where I can get those files......
are you serious, surely Greg do not ...... have Justin pj's and cd unless he has children???REALLY
Thanks for following and I hope to work with you again soon!
Ann Taylor.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail
The Longest Road in the world is considered to be the Pan-American Highway, which spans over 27,000 miles!
MT : We need to do better than flowers on Mother's Day and make it easier for mothers to balance work and family.
Mindy McCready's Mother Wants Grandson Out of Arkansas Foster Care, ASAP - E! Online
We finally passed out despite the Latino bass beating through the walls. See you soon.
So excited to see The Artist tomorrow at The Paris! Can't wait!!
it's not really heads up because I know it's not a scam they even say told me you get what you put into it. Your friends
For what? RT : Heading to the gym.
Big test passed for player. Dead simple purchase of
the practice of peace begins w the individual. be at peace with yourself. live the righteous life of self-love generously sharing w/ others
If Belichick really wanted some action, he'd have said toes.
it didnt look like you were wearing the delt shorts!?
Watches 12 times :)
newsflash to sociologists: #bourdieu and #foucault are not the only social theorists who exist
tell her that 5 people's careers are depending on her
#askaustin WHAT'S YOUR MOST FVORITEST FOOD EVER BESIDES SUBWAY ?! ❤😊
Good to meet you - best of luck with
So excited for you! Good luck! "Made the cut :-). So happy. Hope the rain stays away. Its moving time!!!" .
thanks for following and entering my giveaway! good luck!
A friend of mine gave me some O'Doul's for my 21st birthday. It was disappointing.
Time to bike the Williamsburg, get my ass home, grab some food, some booze and some paint and get to it! #Productivity!, I love it!
#NP I'm Goin Down - Mary J Blige. Guess it's a sad song Marathon then
Maybe later. I have some storytellers, garlic, and non-raygun dogs to draw first.
Welcome new FUELers from The Bon Ton Stores!
Thanks for the
. Attending Meetups, hosting meetups, listening to people, not pitching too hard, developing healthy, real, human relationships.
Wow... since starting 0-4, #Braves are now 9-1 since and 9-5 overall. Very impressive. Still would like to see 1 more offensive bat added.
thanks for the invite
Why yo baby look like Mr.Burns o_O
On the road grindin....
What do conservatives say about the US' treatment of Native Americans? Anyone know of any applicable writing on the topic?
your avi A++
2 zelwel dot com colorborations in the brewing- solo and gHOST project plus. :)))
Happy 420 Folks!
im doing ma work do the same stop talking about biancas boyfriend
Mailed the deposit today to Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Congrats Davis
I was lucky enough to be in the audience forPiers Morgan & It was a such a awesome experience. MM is such an inspirational person.
Woke up this morning thinking about the woman who called our office looking for financial help for her brother who has cancer.
Talk to you ltr abt to play my sims game
Prequel to the 99 horned beast..."I chose the sombrero crown because I must not enjoy earth as king, I musn't be happy, if God is angry" -99
I sometimes wish that I liked beer..
me too i miss all my friends (and 21) !!
Romeo needs to put his goddamn shirt on.
#Justified line of the week goes to Wynn Duffy: "I believe they disproved that on Myth Busters."
I'm not going to say Los Angeles' success proves the advanced stats argument, partly because I think that argument has already been proven.
Youth Council committees formed this week: Education, Recreation, Public Safety, Communications and Community Collaboration.
is another jerk. Snarky little snicker licker.
Having a great time and making connections at the #MOBConf ...if you are here stop by my table and say hi!
Kinkos is my new best friend!!
Can somebody tell me what to eat, the print is too small
I freaking love <3333
Happy race day all!!..Go24!!!
hope you do well in Milwaukee, to bad i will not be able to attend!!!
Home sweet home ^_^
I used a Ginger body wash at the gym with high hopes today, but alas, my hair is still brown.
NOW DOING MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE !!! STOP OVER PAYING !! HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !!
Dnae Beats "Tangled In Technology" LP is coming real soon ya'll and its real fucking good!
I did nothing sexual
Is Slam a trademark?
I agree 100%
Anytime! Thank you so much for tuning in!!!
-I LOVE CATS-
Much ♥♥♥♥♥ to My New Followers
Chris Brown - Sing Like Me ^_^
Whenever fat people tell you they are on a diet, it just means they started dabbing their pizza with a napkin to get some of the grease off.
gary busby get a PS3 and top spin, so i can kick your ass for sure so you will know what it feels like for real. Bring it kangaroo meat!!!
Happy 86th birthday
Hey you, do not walk away let's choose love come on what do you say? Hey you, know that I would spend my whole life all over again to find u
NEW WEEKLY MENU & GREAT PATIO WEATHER = AMAZING FUN TIME!!! Come enjoy the weather with us!! HH 4 -7pm Great Food, Tasty Cocktails, Y NOT??
Joshua Bell Stop and Hear the Music -when we pursue the destination more passionately than we do the journey, we miss often both altogether
If this golfing story is true, it just confirms what everyone already knew- Beckett is a self-centered jackass who has no clue at all.
how many are you interested in?
I was having a civilized drink with a former tutor from SJC who is now an archivist at NARA.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy!
Jackson encouraged students to study as hard as they play. "At the end of the day your brains will outlast your knees."
Just recorded the next Classnotes podcast episode. This one focuses on dual language programs.
I see whats up
Totally agree, incredible! RT : That is honestly one of the 2 or 3 most amazing things I have ever seen in sports
Epic #fail that is the
Today is gonna suck, i should get some sleep, Im Out.
lickmadick ∞ Wet The Bed, I Can't Wait, Like We Used To, Save Your Heart etc etc IB- Vinny 
4 show im followin u now! We have the best fans we r Loyal! My blood is green n yellow!! Cant wait till #SanDiego loses Sun.
Jordan does have the best looks. Which gives him more reason to be a prick.
I determined that sending a hard-copy manuscript costs ~$30, after ink, paper, postage, etc. I wish they all wanted a docx file.
Going to #NFLExperience with . Can't wait!
omg I miss you so much!! Let's hangout this weekend
Stupid pants.
“: Another great series is by , start w "Skinned." Who are some of your fave authors/books? I always want more!
you wax yer eyebrows, b? that's some futuristic homo shit.
ignoring existential and ontological questions, 100% agree. HuffPo deserves credit for their sleazy/helpful SEO efforts on this!
RT HD porn is so clear that you can actually see how disappointed their parents are.
RT : In the middle of the dress rehearsal. Thrilled to hear James' Bach aria with orchestra!
all the sexiness of Doradora is distracting me from my studies ;)
"chip imma come at you like a spider monkey"
With liberty and justice for *all*.
Someplace called dixonmill
I know it's tearing you apart but it's a storm you can weather.
Direct quote from my day: "Mama, could you please look at my boy bits for just a minute?". My response: "No one wants to see that, son."
If the treadmill is right, I just walked off 1228 calories. That's 4.5 Snickers bars. A few minutes to eat, 1.5 hours to walk off. Not fair.
Cool! I'm a goaltender
Godly motives produces...Godly movement
here's to those days when no one knew what yolo meant. how they were dull.
Happy New Year!!!
Doorknocking for almost 4 hrs with Shannon Sneed this afternoon. Butchers Hill will Write in Sneed!
Thanks for the great review on Goodreads. May I post it to the book's website? Will link to your book.
FB on the Jobs book. What a well lived life and legacy he has left us. I've learned a lot reading that book!
Albert Pujols sucks cause the #Cardinals fans Cursed him for leaving St. Louis
fake.. I think so.!
It's LEAP DAY! a wish come true for all who ask for extra hours ...
ranting to myself and only myself because twitter is dead <
Why does this gas station smell like a pet store?
hey...this is the time to do somthing special for someone you care about.....DO IT!!!
trying to understand what strand one must hit for a video to truly become viral. Time to contact Kutcher?
you got so sexy hands do you feet look as good as your hands?
DON'T BECOME A STEREOTYPE
It was removed by sawing through the exhaust pipes underneath the chassis. Some stupid kid will get 50 bucks for it...Costs me $2600 to fix.
Suddenly wanting to be home watching old Bogart flicks and drinking coffee all day. Work really ruins that. Bummer!
Gonna start finishing the decor for the freshmens around 6:55am(:
i need a massage A S A P
Holla at me who Evers in charge I'm starting a reality show in long island :)
I totally agree with you on that. Too many Ham & Eggers get big headed for being bench warmers.
Good morning
Why are guys such ball hogs :O?
. describing the challenge of reliably pointing to something that is changing over time (like a county)
this is still boring...
love is currently for the birds..***
what's the guys name and what's he look like? :)
Patiently waiting to be a proud owner of a pair of jordans high heel jordans to be exact
Anyone else interested/excited for the #China symposium aboard ship before we pick up the students?
Retractable Rapid Car Charger with IC Chip for Sony Ericsson ...
ok so ya homework and stretching and normal life stuff and sleep okay bye night.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
haha, I'm good, about to go to sleep lol. (:
Flooded backyard and streets, downed trees, leaves and branches everywhere, power lines in the streets...etc. Thanks
my great grandfather was from PA. Family recipe that we now make in OR. I grew up eating it.
TGIF friends, let the lovely days begin…#NowPlaying Bill Withers – Lovely Day on
please follow I love you<3(:
yes! Let's make plans!
whoa, ok so just jump over iPhone 5, 6, and every other phone to say that phone is instantly a iPhone 7, how do you ppl know? jeez
Started a new category romance a few weeks ago. About 6K words into it, going fairly well. You?
is psyched for poi class and fire spin jam this Tuesday at C-HAG!
thanks for the RT
rue was supposed to be black! In the book it said so... Wtf. Forreal these people need to stfu >:/ that makes me angry.
Head out to at 5029 Independence to see Coady Andrews & from 2p-4p !
this homemade cake tho >>>> oh yeah !
What Women Want... recent study found that women are seven times more likely to seek peace of mind, as opposed to wealth accumulation.
So good. Delicious good.
wahs up long time no speak
HAAPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL! I hope its the best one ever.
ATTENTION: #NewMission get to 100,000 followers! Share his music with all your fellow tweeps! #GOGOGO!
I'm bouts to throw off le dam bed, thinking she d@ b!G b0s$ and takin all the space. Ò,Ó
Ranked #1 for the first time in school history! 27-2
Had some of the worst customer service ever at yesterday. Trying to keep my biz local, but WHOA. Learn to do a ref interview!
chillin...need to be in the bed, u?
Happy St. Patrick's Day! How are you celebrating?
I believe There is a reason we are still together even after everything we been through <3
Kudos NYC for the Alta Bike Share plan - rent bikes at stations around the city
Man becomes what he thinks about. - Morris Goodman
You're so much fun! Humbled.
"New Tennessee Law Bans Sex Ed Instructors From Teaching 'Gateway Sexual Activity'" -- most girls I knew didn't have sex just by the gate.
I know it's only a small bar along the top but Twitter could stop telling me it's new since I've been using new twitter for months.
"If the body retains crap, it causes disease. If you hold on to crap done to you, you BECOME the disease!"—DJ (Talented&BrokeNOV26) ReTweet
Wow, long time since I posted last. Working on homework. And by the first of the month I am going to take on a challenge.
Happy Easter Birthday to the best Internet Radio co-host in the biz? JJ Branch! Have an awesome day! Looking so 29 too! "RR".
We can't have a bride with bloody feet!!
School was great! I was fangirlin over with my friend<3 "Vas happening" lol (:
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I agree, what is the council thinking? Comment on articles and blogs to help us get heard, would you? Thanks for following!
Looking good girl!!! Love the bright pink pants :)
nah, heat fans take the cake
Hey Neil - Lakers baby!
Great article!
: almost got his ass beat!!!! 2nd pd.
whoever that bella blue chick, i'm digging her voice... that was a nice addition to the song lol
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
haha indeed indeed
Vanessie, their audiences and staff! My band! What a night! Thank you all! Rockin'!
I'll eat a lot of stuff....not sure about that though.
So true!! ": with age comes wisdom... with age also comes my taste for red wine. Coincidence, I think not"
ok. Text me!
15 loads of laundry today
My Bad On That.
I wonder if the Republicans will be able to refrain from screaming something ignorant tonite at SOTU. Probably not
how did we do at states?
im following(:
Gym time, let's go
"I'm afraid" "I need a drink" "You should just be a Nun" "wait, seriously, no" What my mom says when I tell her whats going on in my life...
can't dm unless u follow me anyways my number is 773-226-2716
Things are starting to come back together #ontheup&up
I'm going to kill all the Beliebers.
wow that's nice! How did you get it?
#4C11 Delta 1400 -- more sardines being jammed into the can. Full flight. Full sweat.
“Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.”
Seeing the 3:10 show. Now eating at Burger King
I love my new Sony Bloggie! I was not expecting a "flipcam" type camcorder to take such great video.
it is gonna be SO NICE on sunday, WHAT AM I GONNA DO!??!
for every 10 minutes i run, i drink 20 oz.'s of water. there's something wrong with the math here...
Listening to your music just changed the entire tone of my day. Feeling so good now :)
#thoughtswhilerunning Oh Hell nall I can't do this
#sheenroast thinking about dedicating a color set for Charlie!
Gotta see what the krew talkin bout...
Theyre gay. Who comes to someones house just to ask for gum, gtfo.
love the mcdonalds rant, this guy speaks the truth
There's nothin like the South love, nothin ;)
now what?
I can put you on the RSVP list for the Meetup, just in case. If you end up not being able to attend, no biggie.
:) keep any eye out for it. It just circled my block enough times to be creepy, might be heading your way next!
Happy Mother's Day!
Wishing A Very Happy Mothers Day To My Daughters Mother. I Know We've Had Our Up's And Downs, But You Are Greatly Appreciated.
"the last time I read a book that good was when I read a book that good".
She told me It's loney at the top . That's Cool.
Never a better shot, never a better high five.
If Chane Behanan were to go pro... I'd join the circus.
Marriage is about love, not gender.
my album of the day....INXS Shabooh Shoobah. Forgot how good they once were.
I am wishing my amazing husband an amazing 1st Father's Day! Feel better and remember there R so many GREAT ones to come!
u unfollowed me
People always say they like people who are honest and forthright. Pfff come see me why you are fifthright or sixthright, then we'll talk.
": You may have weaknesses, but God has strength. You may have sin, but God has grace. You may fail, but God remains faithful!"
I hear a muffled "I Will Always Love You" coming thru my floor from the neighbor's condo.
Yup RT : I use myself as thermometer - how many times do I want to see something. If I am annoyed, others will be annoyed.
Food Emporium on 52 and 2. It's real and it's spectacular.
highly doubt that lol
Lack of karaoke is the leading cause of boredom in America. Don't be a statistic. > Tonite - iLounge, 1287 D Glenwood Ave, 7p-10p.
Sad your moving away but happy your starting to live your dreams
I no give up soft goals!
My great GRANDpa past away 2day :( but he died of old age no disease nothing only of old age he was 97 years old and died in his sleep ilu
Will Barrett Barrage Through the Rumble?
Should I make an Instagram?
NO LAW CLASS = trivia time with
Sick of the shitty ass people in my life
yeah, it's frustrating. But once the Bundy's, Machado, and Schoop get up here we're gonna be better. And we're okay now
Oops, change made. Thanks for the fact checking. Just an FYI, your Linkedin title reads, "Host of the Yummy Yummy".
Men think it's a woman's dream to find the perfect man, when really we just want to be able to eat anything without getting fat.
Hey check me out on YOU TUBE SINGING Alyssa HOLMES SINGS AT WEDDING PLEASE
I loved your comic!
happy birthday!! “: Perfect day for Sunday Funday!! #happybirthdaytome”
Just completely lost it and started sobbing at my desk while editing a student story today. Haven't had that happen before. It's too sweet!
I hate sleeping im my room by my self! This is what shearing a room my whole life does to me!!
going to start including clipart in emails to my colleagues more often…
COME ON #teamtimmy !!!
I would consider myself fairly lucky if such an occasion were to occur.
I am patiently waiting for my advanced copy of new book, The Battle of the Crater. Watch for my upcoming review!
how was your thanksgiving
That last retweet made my heart melt
RT : Seems like the lockout hurt the sound mixers more than anybody.
and what exactly are the choices?
Yeah he aint
What happened?
Overall: I like. I wish it had the logo on the sleeve like the old jerseys. But I think it will look good on the field.
morning to you too
I suggest s'mores. such underrated break up comfort food.
glad you liked it! has quickly become my fave blog :)
#ymcmb shirt and Capri yoga pants from #pink LOOKIN FORWARD TO IT!!!
thank you. :) “: ok I'll come by to help you put them out.”
read an article about you and loved every word. Keep doing what you're doing. New fan right here.
all bad 👎 you need to get yourself an iphone!
Great D is built on trust...trusting in the scheme/your ability/and teammates' willingness to help/get job done...when scored on all 5 upset
Italian food! Always reppin my heritage.
"Aim at heaven and you will get eah thrown in. Aim at eah and you get neither." - C. S. Lewis
Cassidy! follow me(:
sounds real studious ms. Quweeeee
Congrats to Sammy Sosa for his cameo at the beginning of that Cialis spot.
I wonder if Rebecca Black still follows me....
can NOT wait til the BUNNY BASH at the AMAZING Club 212 !!!!!! EASTER BREAK!!! legoooo
no problem :)
On My Way to Work
": Happy bday mommy i love you"
Good meeting you yesterday! Let me know how can help out with OneWeekKC.
#TeamTwilight is trending b/c of #FearFactor ppl ... Not b/c of those crappy movies!
You can't buy love on eBay. ~ Anonymous
Essentially, our objective would be to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful.
Hahahahah, life is complete.
If the pictured pies are anywhere near the Fellows Lounge, I'll abandon my thesis right now and be up there before you read this.
by hook or by crook. or by Shannon. whatever it takes. ;) i'm thrilled - we should finally get to hang out together.
Ya were not friends
makes me feel like the specialist girl in the world! I love him <3
it cost more under Bush....
looks delicious!
You'll feel fantastic! RT : Will I feel better or worse? I'm expecting hard days but I think it will do wonders for my practice! :)
The winner of the VIP table tonight for the Paradise Visuals AEE Party is Congrats! Please confirm!!
So let me give your heart a break, there's just so much you can take.
Happy birthday!
Okey , fine just forget it
I have never been this prepared for a Math exam in my life.. Is it Friday yet?
Completely caved and just bought the for The Hill's brunch-never been & the menu sounds awesome!
will begin 15 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
Omgosh, I forgot how much I love to tweet. Haven't done it much in a while <3
and are the gayest people alive
♀A person shows what he is by what he does with what he has♀
Come on out anytime! I'll show you around. Hopefully you like to golf/drink Jack/smoke cigars and run trails in the mtns. :)
if you can't get a photo of this, at least procure an artist's rendering for us. My eyes must see this.
#aam2011 fact: Museum educators are friendly, passionate, imaginative, and tenacious. Go team!
RT “: He has a Ph.D in simpology”
#WhatHappened2 us talking every day? I'm lucky if I get a hello now.
Do not go back to sleep.
yes you didd
Yep, you are. But that's ok. It's not for everyone. :)
The #Florida #Gators shut out the #FresnoState Bulldogs in a 29-0 #lacrosse blowout!
Holy F! I got my hands on a ticket to #eyeofestival. If I could only go to one conference this year, Eyeo is it!
Thank you. So are you!
Arrest murderer George Zimmerman and Police Chief Bill Lee for obstructing justice.
hush ion stunt , but ilove you too .
Just eat the egg salad!!
I cant wait MBAV!
Finally putting together this week's tap news post...will share soon!
"Come on we're going to the eastside tonight." "Hold on, let me grab my mace."
I saw this earlier today! Blew my mind!!
I'll be checking for plaster!
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG so excited.
Thanks for the promo! ": FF if you are young and professional you should follow them"
I'm a garlandator for life<3
Just back from Malibu. Was a great week, had the works done. Nails, pedicure, hair and brow tint.
Avenger screening tonight :-)
TGIF does not no longer exist on Fridays it last all week basicly ur hole life so get down and Thank God I'm Fly (TGIF) fly or die gang
I see and feel big improvements in my muscles and strength so far.
please follow me :) ily
After 90 minutes in the gym now....grading that last batch of papers for the semester!
Alex's vinyasa this AM....ohm-azing!
it works.
Nice hit Alex..
Umm, he scores like 20 ppg. How is that inefficient?
Yeah man, I would love to see what it does. Sadly, I'm a bit lost in the post. :(
Get talking about us again! We have a new single coming soon and need people to catch the word so we can get going again! Help us out!
and the ambassador is riding around with the new sheriff in town.
I hope my ms jones scoop me tis weeknd
It will be the first of many I buy you.
Liquor <----a Mad Men luncheon for you?
Its amazing :o
#Str8LykeDes.... Just got up thinking....
...Honestly, said exactly what I was thinking about For that, he can guest post on Screen Slate any time.
Thailand tour 2012 is underway! Check it out at Matt Adams Magic on Facebook.
Re: last tweet: so if you're faking reviews whether good or negative, it can be called out & tracked. Interesting. Make it legit peeps! :)
Kyle Johnson dominated most of the battle but David Livingston won the war at 2:50 into Round One by Triangle Choke Submission.
as long as they are with your mom, it'll be a good 7 miles
Cocktail in hand and ready for the #mixologymashup!
good bro u still in the mil?
Also tomorrow at Green Valley Lib: Winter Break Knitting Club for teens at 4:30 and a Probate & Healthcare for Seniors Lecture @ 6:30 p.m.
Getting ready to rock the Milw brat house AND the Milwaukee ale house.gotta love Thursdays.
lucky ass I wanna go to Spain. Why you going?
I hope that I can find a place to see the #FloydMayweather fight; I do not watch much boxing but I would love to be able to see this fight.
 you made me sad.
Wow...Jos A. Bank is in the town center now!
An workshop Sat May 16th in Sacramento, CA. Join us, its free! email
"God bless us every one." Just finished reading A Christmas Carol with my son. Gotta love a teen who still enjoys reading together.
have fun bro. Play some laser quest!
can i have some :(
soo how are my chances of getting u to follow me back??
Thanks for the follow! Good luck with your walk on June 4th
Kicking finals studies into first gear.
I felt bad about my finish at worlds toughest mudder. Someone said I was better than most for attempting it. Hold your head up
Just did my spanish speaking final... fue un fracaso...
Everybody needs a lil Intervention
Lol, I'm Sick, They Told Me Not To Come To School.
S/O to all my followers, stay tuned, new material and video coming soon...
nm . talking about how bogus ppl are these days. youu?
Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever.
"NASA reports that a solar storm is on its way towards Earth" be sure to stop looking at your phones & foursquare your location. ^jl
A little less conversation,a little more action pleaseAll this aggravation ain't satisfaction in meA little more bite and little less bark
at some point, aren't people responsible for informing themselves? Info is readily available today. Inform yourself.
I'm already annoyed.
Haha I'll see you after Midnight on sunset!
But thank you, , for letting me know that you are #antioccupyseattle so that I may avoid reading your magazine before I began!
Aww! And no worries, let me know.
What a day that will be, When my Jesus I shall see, And I look upon His face, The One who saved me by His grace
First name: Symba ("the circle of liiiffeeee...")
Singing at #TheBluebirdCafe tonight :))
when you reply, do you keep the tweeter's hasthags?
I NOTICE MOST PEOPLE CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH OR DON'T SPEAK IT BUT I DO !!
It's obvious that GOP congressmen are wealthy. Do people realize Democrat congressmen are also a part of the 1% ?
Freelancing is tough...but there's just no other way to live once you've taste the freedom.
Our professional team of technicians have years of combined knowledge and experience working with all types of natural and man-made tiles.
thanks and in Public Communication
I agree with your tweet from the Ed Show. Romney's connection to business is greater than his love for all Americans. IMO.
i hate when people right "..." with ",,," hahaha
Who is ready for #RECon12?
You must be speaking from experience.
Thanks for the kind words! We just love your blog! :)
"Out with the NEW, in with the OLD" -LNBstyle Theres nothing new under the sun when it comes to fashion. Just old trends mixed w/a new day!
Sheen in his prime!
Louie's is brewing, Hop Happy and Booyah are coming off the line!
I love them. Excellent form!
I wish you would have called that d-bag on #Sharktank a troll! Maybe you did and it got edited...
i had a crazy dream last night tho . it was like i was abducted and forced to be in the army and do crazy stuff . i shot this lil boy
Just How Much Money Does Charlie Sheen Have?
#3WordsOfAdvice do not cheat.
you know what would be awesome if I got a tweet from saying Happy Birthday, today's my birthday, one can wish:)
He notices all the bad things about me we fight all the time but why do i care about him so much?/:
my friend Tori said she loved that you stopped and ran with her today. Made her totally understand why I'm doing team challenge.
I learned....don't mess with the unions
How many times this BITCH nigga gonna apologize for what comes out of his mouth YOU A BITCH AZZ NIGGA CHRIS BROWN ..............
*sips coffee and listens to thriller* :-( ok
thank you! #winning #tasteof8 this calls to be included in my skinny-do list asap!
what happened? Just came by saw everyone gone.
#twinkies are a must-have of all apocalypse scenarios. So probably a fortune
COLONY TONIGHT WITH DJ SPLYCE, CELEBRATING THE BDAYS OF PLAYMATES ANDREA LOWELL & PILAR LASTRA'S!!
did you see the new one oceanup posted? He's grabing that ass>(
I love the mobile sukkot that cruises through the north shore of MKE!
LoganSquareDaily posted on our foodsmart facebook wall! Thank you!
my man!! Im definitely going to get GM on here!!!
$100 Special Full Set of Eyelash Extensions in Seattle/Bellevue area (regularly $185 )www.AdvancedSkinandBodySolutions.com 425 643-5772
We're live-tweeting the #SOTU under the tag #InvestInKids - and the Cabinet enters!
I wanna be down with you
Omfg i just can't handle all my emotions for Justin :'D Like ' LET ME LOVE YOU '
As an entrepreneur you have to wear a LOT of hats. Today I'm a graphic artist. Creating designs for my new website.
Day or Night Bedford ave Rocks!
his loss!
how to make moving more green!
Calling a torn ACL for Ramos. Jesus will save him this inning.
told everyone what
Still waiting on delivery confirmation, so our little surprise may have to wait until next week.
i wonder if is doing anything for
+1 MT : kerry's problem wasn't liberalism, he didnt seem authentic in how he felt about issues. romney has same prob x 1000
your current ones are kinda hard to see.
long history of words hugging their opposite meanings: the bomb, dope, ill, sick. Vomit also means great. (coming soon)
pretty sure craw is the only tons of fun I know... A-O
Going to watch a school play with <3
ill have to hop back on sometime and check out your stuff :)
So exciting for you! Any idea what you'll be changing your #Twitter name to?
the new video made me laugh so hard one of my hallmates came to ask what was wrong. you guys are AWESOME.
follow me lol.
I love how my 13 year old brother starts singing
oh we play better when we go there anyway so tht ain't no advantage🏀
Low scoring first half with Texas vs Texas A &M. Tied at 26.
60 pages down. 100 to go. Amazing script by PRIDE screenwriter Michael Gozzard. Asked me to co-write.
Ready for the auditions, call-backs and BOOKINGS!!
I never envisioned taking on 4 projects at once: 3 youth related & one involves HIV awareness. I know God assigned them to me, so I got them
RT Meet M.E. at Venue tonight with
How are you celebrating Black History Month?
more like a one direction gang bang
too much caffeine? worrying?
speak for yourself. Haha just kidding.
It's the same hit on Seabrook in the playoffs last season. He jumped into him and to the head. Might have been late too.
Too bad. This tweet goes out to #me for being flippin perfect. S/O to my man
About to tweet all day just for
Happy Hour in T-5 minutes. Hello, beer.
Is your law office considering a document scanner? Seems like a simple task, yes? Unfortunately its not as easy at it sounds.
did that a couple years ago during the OlympicsRT Leave me at the roadside, and hang me up and out to dry.
This has been one cozy Sunday.
Prop 8 Overruled. Kyle Kendrick must be ecstatic.
Family Fun Day in Morehead- inflatables, carnival games,food, prizes & more. Join us at Laughlin Gym on MSU campus from 1-3 today!
ya me too
see TV and you?
Thanks so much!! We are hopefully playing a MASSIVE show just like it at the door in late January :))
thanks! we had a blast doing it!
Welcome to the big leagues Mr Crawford!!!
Hope everything goes well
If you are in a seasonal industry and have cash shortfalls, factoring is an excellent method to raise much needed operational capital.
RT: : Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possibility. -Oprah
"NO NO NO YES"
Nevermind. No need for a one machine. All I needed was Gaga and Tumblr.
So good to hear!
RT : The greatest use of your words is prayer. // Amen! Join us in praying for child abuse victims on Blue Sunday
Happy 10 months <3 I love you baby. You mean the world to me, and NOTHING is going to change that. <3
So excited *_* Waiting for a #GYHAB music video :)
Lincoln said, regarding prayer: "I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go."
In pairs. Or trios. I'm leaving AT ten til seven. No question. My audition is at 7:57.
I love you . #Freehugs ♥
from now on. Gotta make sure Da Griffin man ain't hatin his dodd
James Jones decided to spend some of that new contract money by throwing a football in the stands. He's got quite an arm.
our pleasure! and i've already been planning! enjoy the rest of your time in new england!
Here is a clue AU, do not send a email saying you will get a refund, and then a month later say oops, you actually owe us money!
Lol needy people are so dumb.
Parking in the garage was the best decision I made today. Especially when I leave at 945pm and there's an unexpected Tstorm.
thanks for the books you recommended when you spoke at Mindshift in Dallas!
I wanna get my curate on. Got an idea for an art show I'm busting to work on. But first perhaps I'll work on my gazillion other projects!
Fritz Coleman is hosting a #fundraiser in #Pasadena Saturday 9/24 use code EDM 92411 Please RT : ) thanks for your support
Yuni? Is he back!? Maybe it's because he's the only one not wearing a hood
I'm interested to hear any answers nonetheless. Thanks for the tweets
This is what we have to do constantly, lift up our souls to our #GOD #Jesus Psalm 25:1Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.
Got dizzy and fell on the floor...owww
Today I talked to a school custodian about Pokemon. Awesome.
Ur right, sorry 2 make light of the situation
Attended AAGSNC meeting in Oakland. Great group of people, learned a lot.
haha your funny nigga and track has me busy cuhz no time to play with you papas
utilizes the services of this site... Oh, once a day www.wheresmycellphone.com
no word yet. I'll try to find out more asap.
One week from tonight Andrew Luck is a Colt. Ppl ought 2 b buying season tix. 3 yrs from now Colts deep in playoffs &18 retired.
doesn't sleep.
congrats on the new app.
RT : To defeat the darkness out there, you must defeat the darkness inside yourself.
Haha I would just duct tape their mouths shut.
its not real its a cuff you can Get them downtown hahaha
Spring time! Best time of the year for photos, videos, and sharing!
A non-catchy press release can cause a great story to be ignored because the person receiving the fax or email won’t instantly see it.
Happy Thanksgiving from Fatminds!
"feelings of camaraderie and compassion alone were great gifts to CVille and Haiti" by event attendant
yankeeincanada: wondering if it's too early to start the #sla2010 re-tweeter?
Thanks! Do you use iTunes?
FOOD COMA...
Remember to tell your active duty military friends that we will honor their participation with FREE admission.
Locally owned/operated, good food, plus for historic building and/or hauntings :)
decided to take some time and go with literate haskell, writing definitely helps reason about problems rather than throw code down
RT I like chrome.. i don't like that little icon they made for it though ( Agree! )
Tuesday RT & S/O to incredible talent:
Ever forget ur bracelet glows n the dark n turn off the lights n go wtf is that then have that moment of "o thank god it's only my bracelet"
I really need to let this go... But I can't until I tell the truth.. And that is... Hmph guess I'm not ready to let that go.
is a retard!
shoutout to she needs more "flowers" lmao :p
Season is coming. June 16th! Find out deets at kickball.com/orthunder
When your ex says "you'll never find anyone like me".... That's when you say.. "that's the point".
#Casting. #Orlando Christian Project. Audition 11/1 Shoot 11/14 $400 day @ 4 days. Role "Modern day Jesus"
Haven't seen enough Lex shows, but I do recommend this group named Oh My Me from there (h/t ). I'll brainstorm more.
Need to get some more shoes
Texas RB Malcolm Brown is suffering from turf toe and may be limited today vs Texas Tech.
Is it weird that writing a report on Crohn's disease is making me hungry?
Happy Easter folks!
Now on da way to da fair w/ my bestie im really missing her other twin rite now she on da other bus behind us
#Celtics lose, #Redsox lose, at least tomorrow's... Wednesday? Shit.
Facebook buys Instagram, wow!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi Rollover blocking right lane of Hwy.12 WB near Baraboo after Terrytown Road. Use caution. Expect delays.
Every day we are @ war w/ nature & that kinda sucks because we are nature --> words by -- great perspective.
gimme a double nova kryptonite espresso pleeze
Thanks for following us and Gov. !
Thanks for the follow Jason Webb (digidrift)! :)
awesome story, always love bmore history
bring your ipod tomorrow beeeeotch.
So ready for spring break
God heals, and the doctor takes the fees. Benjamin Franklin
school tomorrow -.-
Just my opinion, but I feel that his Columbia stuff sounds too over-processed. Unlike his earlier stuff. Your thoughts?
I appreciate you, dear. So does Jamey. <3
Is it safe to say I'm worried bout my brother >.< guess not bleh
Relax, Comfort, Calmness i think yes!
Another furious evening with #Balthazar... This isn't real life...
RT": I can't save money lmao"
to be specific, it is stated that it will be the largest center-hung arena HD video board display in U.S. and Canada.
you might think to dress up but don't. Look like a poor.
Me, too!!! RT : You know Dark Shadows came out today but you know what? I'm seeing Avengers again tomorrow.
so they are both gonna have a dance class or what are they gonna have ? & is it gonna be at the same place vinny was?
Pain may be the symptom but suicide doesnt end pain. Pain ripples to all the lives you have touched
No, not bad at all. It was less a comment on the speed of delivery and more on my inability to remember things.
Still in Burbank takin care of real bizz
You go RONDO!
#healthtips RT Your toothbrush is loaded with germs. __ Many thanks for your RT!
Hey Shawn, glad you are coming down to the studio today - see you there
Hahah you are so cute. <3 you!
“: I love you Seven” suck up
If the nail salon is going to put just one Halloween decoration up, why choose the gnarly monster hands holding a "Enter At Own Risk" sign?
wake up its sunday
Switched to straight up coconut milk today. Really like the coconut almond blend, will have to check back tho!
Saw the prescreening of #courageous Fri night @ the Fox, thanks Cathy family, what a powerful movie esp for fathers- comes out 9/30
Many of the ingredients in chocolate are proven to cause arousal similar in effect to sexual foreplay.
You know who wishes they studied patent law, the person who created fire…dumbass.
can we be friends? Lol
Apparently is summer now.
I go to your website constantly. It's great for clinical work. Love to chat.
I stayed with Jenna! :)
have fun. stuck on the couch all weekend.
cocoa roasted almonds = yes
I think you have been hacked. Got a DM from your account with a link to a password phishing site that looks like twitter.
Interesting, I'll make sure to look out for them!
To his credit, . reminds that answering Romney's "I created hundreds of thousands of jobs" is fair
Sex is just hugging while spitting, right?
#RESPECT RT : I really love how you're playing despite your injury, you and the clippers have really...
Nothing beats doing laundry and finding money in my pants pockets!
o okay yea I feel dumb now
it is, thanks :)
for many organizations today "downtime is dead"
It's looking like its going to be another awesome day in Chicago. Have a great day!
Thanks a bunch. Think a kind thing or two about my immune system if you wouldn't mind.
Thank you for representing truth. I always enjoy and look forward to your show! You and Rachel Maddow keep me engaged and motivated!
20 minutes of scuba diving burns 200-250 calories
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing it will happen. Courage is making it happen. Love makes it easy.
Ughh! I said the same thing
Oh no! Was she trying to get it banned?
when random ass people tell me that me and are good together <3 >>>>
On My Tablet Chillin lol I'm bored
Very clever!
Omg haven't tweeted in along time... :(
God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
"You can take my vomit and go feed it to the next chick"?! You rule.
We in Hollywood. How do you be Miss Nelson?
I am not a chicken. Rooster rules do not apply to me. If we fight, I may win, but there is no glory in defeating an 8-pound bird.
Why do some people think it's impossible for a man and a woman to be JUST FRIENDS!!!!
You can take the girl out of Jersey but you can't take the Jersey out of the girl. #jerseyshore is a horrible addiction.
so what you doing ? :D
#somewhereinamerica have a good season
I love the snow. ♥
was ready to turn the radio on in the car here because your early updates had me thinking I was missing an actual game, ha
Gotta laugh to keep from crying..
So, the refs are going to continue to let them play. Nice.
Thanks, Josh!
yeah, at now, going to a techstars party tonight. Will be at lssxsw all day tomorrow
For whoever is interested
Just Sent Some Heat To Yall Mail Its A BANGER And I Think Its #Time2Grind FollowBack Family
I hope surgery went well! I just got out of surgery on my appendix. :( #StayStrong <3
That is so so funny bc I have one too and I do the same thing!
Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic - New Philadelphia Times Reporter Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic New Philadelphia Times Reporter B
yay ! i got Matt Hunter to follow me on twitter just a few minutes ago ! yay ! xD
Assume your own Beauty. Start from there.
poe for sure, trumaine johnson cb montana
You still over there B?
Automatic weapons on tha floor but who can u call? My down nigga that stay in westmemphis
Got School again
aw thanks :) I'm happy I could make you smile :)
Way to go!
But what if we can disrupt it? Even partially or temporarily? RT : It just won't end.”
curling > baseball
Alright see you then :)
lol ok bye new york
My #ff: :: great daily author and publishing tips!
Please follow me any body I just want to be loved by some pęøpłę
Bitch you wasnt wit me shootin in the gym.RT : Eyyy was that kobes ex-wife?
oh yes. We shall speak soon.
Culver's stole my tagline: "Welcome to delicious."
Good morning everyone! On my way to the physiptetapy ...
Had to get out of the house so having a little fun at Gander Mountain with the family.
Surely, , this trend was designed with you in mind:
In a mature society, "civil servant" is semantically equal to "civil master." - Lazarus Long
"Cocaine is a hell of a drug." RIP Whitney.
If you have more followers, you should just be able to drag and drop your avatar over his. Voila! Yours!
Thanks, Doctor. Appreciate the shout out! (Can you say "shout out" to a Vice Chancellor?)
Lost our milwaukee city tourney game 2nite, semi-finals. Damn that sheet stings! Gonna b a long ass winter
hello guys hows is every body ?!!
Outlook and ipad, start playing nice, I'm sick of missing meetings bc of sync issues!
I`m more honest, more true, more vulnerable because I used to think that I was supposed to be fearless.
You switched your vowels.
I am human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does.
*calls back*ill be right there. *bounces down stairs, hurries into kitchen*
why not come this year?!
bailey anderson. <3
Great gym Bro, although Gary's kids beat me up
ok so ima need to know if any of that will help me with my mission lol..
yaaaaaaay! Download Stevie nicks' leather and lace and lets sing it this afternoon.
Congrats to all graduates of 2012! everyone is proud of u..
now following
Yes there was. Ugh.
why did I say that the way Britney says phonography lol
I'm sayin tho!! RT : They put anybody on 106 & park now.
my bigg bro is trying to get me more followerz!! YaY
Brunch tip: Love our BLT? Add an egg and make it a breakfast sando!
your not a boss
jimmy. my long lost son
Dears Popeyes Lady,we get it,you made the damn chicken now shut up.!!
Not going to lie, I'm a little nervous to face the giants next week they are peaking at the right time...
Watching pitch like this is like watching an eagle fly...so smooth and natural.
Heading to the Wisconsin State Fair Sunday for the salute to the military, presented by Walmart. Parade starts at 2. Won't you join us?!
Aye just chill.... Lol aint that serious.
RT : Dont join an easy crowd. You wont grow. Go where the expectations and the demands to perform are high.
Currently listening to: ELIOT - Living In Sin Feat. Eliot-Original Mix on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Seriously regretting adding family members to Facebook!
Yo peeps important. Follow dis bro my home boy plz! For me?? Do it. I loves u forever
I just gave someone directions.
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL because to them we are more than just fans, we are family. <3
my bad Stillwater,OK wrong Oklahoma team haha. But Stillwater is way more hostile
Classic: "I'm on the Subway diet, I only eat things I find on the subway." Colbert Report tonight.
I really really like the Defenders. Glad I stuck with it after the first three and I hope it stays this good.
My Wifey Is Being Bad Out There In Memphis
thanks gorgeous let's rock 2012!!!! :)
this just in...Jimmy and Les will have new Broncos QB Brady Quinn on the show around 9:05 MT....Now I'm Done!
I might be down for caramel, but every now and then I see sweet chocolate that makes me say...WOW ;-)
Yeah, I think I may be down with the hashtags, sort of, but RTs are still beyond me. I assume there's a learning curve?
Movie sounds wonderful tonight:) if I get to pick!
RT : Sunday funday tomorrow, whose in?
Back to the basics....no time for bs!
Super bowl time. Let's get weird.
Happy birthday to Mrs. Lucille Ball. She would be 100 today.
Can anyone help? RT : Know anyone (or organization) who would help me put together online classes, including videos?
The #superbowl is over but we are still open and slinging them just for you!
Yes and no...Love it for Fantasy Football, but other than that eehh. Some of it is TOO OVER THE TOP THOUGH.
In the dark with my cat because hiding from bitchy grandma
I want to go to a haunted house soon!
N when y'all wake up tomorrow, ill be there to remind u of tonight
I hate seeing cute girls who can't walk in heels...poor babies
Subscribe to Me&&Destosaurr on youtube!! :) Youtube.com/ImaBiteYou16
I would do the same thing. You handled the situation very well.
lmao I wont baby ;)
Not sure if the intro to the #Nhlallstar game was cute or poorly choreographed. Both? Go #teamlidstrom!
Excited about returning to my hometown for #mw2011. There's a warm soft pretzel from the Amish corner of Reading Terminal in my future.
Third time is the charm, after misses by Hopkins and Aldridge, Aldridge hits 3 ball to tie it at 46.
I'm working at ICPL now in the children's dept - reg daytime hours. Swing by sometime!
Guess what?! It's Holiday Posole and Tamale time! We're currently offering our seasonal Posole and tamales by the dozen. Reserve yours today
Babies are so loud..
Proverbs 23:22 - “Listen to your father, who gave you life, and do not despise your mother when she is old.” (ESV)
no dear. :/ direct messaging. Haha
Any tips on how to embrace social acrs enterprise? One I see/suggest is determining process/ organization to effectively roll out
Bo Ricardo : Looks like Ricardo Salazar will be the referee in charge of tomorrow's Sounders-Toronto FC game.
No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
Very important for Lakers to hold serve at home. Denver will be tough at home.
Almost done with the acoustics, can't wait to show everyone!
I needed that! LMAO ROFL
I think brands should treat email like thanksgiving dinner, if you are not invite don't show up. Social & #mobile r family!
What if the "hokey pokey" is really what it's all about?
I was there for news years, maybe summer.
thought about that but honestly I would just fall asleep. Or get really really depressed. Either way, bad news ;)
Back at the city council to fight for kids in the city. I am reminded of the old saw: we buy what we want and beg 4 what we need.
not my fault, we're blaming montee ball at this point
Just about to launch a new vid for and ...
If your a person that isn't following then you probaly don't have a life he is sweet and respects girls!!!!
says if someone lets you go with out a fight they don't deserve you in the first place. <3
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some towns have their own special version of the law - choose where you decide to live carefully!
Grace! Showers < Handhugs and friendship.
Thanks. Should be interesting nonetheless.
lol. That is about right. I sleep standing up. ;)
if the theory of creation is right we r all a product of incest, rather marry a cousin
To be fair it was on my 2nd circuit!!
Issue #5 starts Wednesday! Keeps your ears perked for more - like what we're calling this one - and our first ever #anniversary party.
Just won 1st place in swing dance competition with !!!!
I totally agree! :)
THE ONLY THING THAT'LL SAVE #GOOGLE+ IS IF #FACEBOOK BUYS IT. HAHA THEY WINNING THE GAME OF SOCIAL NETWORK MONOPOLY.
The Hawks tonight feel like a pickup team just grabbing random dudes to make 5. No idea how the Celtics let this thing go to OT
When you wear a suit, while your tattooing, people know magic is about to happen , Alakazam!!!
Was cool to have dinner tonite with and Ed. We have so many cool things cooking in the Articulate kitchen...
I didn't know people had such bad handwritting for being Juniors xD
I'm in the downtown area! Pretty central to... everything.
He has his honeymoon periods.
Fucking court class. Kill me now
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area. Use caution.
#milwaukee NARI show this thursday-sunday Expo center!!Be there! If you need tickets call us at 414.353.8433, ask for Justin
“We are set in our ways, bound by our perspectives and stuck in our thinking.”
For one week only. Enter the special code "KANA" and recieve $10 off your ticket for the "Jazz Crush" event at Sawyer House on April 16th!
Thank you followers who have been so supportive of my book! There will be a free promo as soon as Amazon KDP corrects their mistake.TBA
see!!! That's the mind of a boosie fan, Smh. Boosie got people saying die slowly !
If you can't feel it you ain't got it. - Jahruba
I bet you have some iiiiinnnnteresting things on there you dirty bird.
Hahhhhha Secret life and miobi r my life
follow me please(: <3
I know its late but here come the
Ya dumass talkin bout alcohol poison.
where's that at?
So excited for my #kuwtk premier party! Wait For pics girls
Props to Purdue. Good game. Robbie Hummel and Lewis Jackson =
my bad, i just wanted to know if you wanted to hoop lmao...
holy shit you ran forever!!!
that is to say, I've had a similar assumption leveled at me :)
good morning sea monkeys. THIS IS HOWWWWLIN' MAD MURPHY SPINNIN' THE LATEST TASTY GROOVES
RT A real women knows her worth
we have the same merit badge.
a red hat & an utley jersey? Your probably the only one.
And so does this bitch! Gtfo & stop staring at people. -___-
Social entrepreneurship - economic return, societal return, environmental return.
i'd stay up but i'm tiredd...so good nite <3
If you won't work hard for you're dream, you really think someone else will that has financial backing for you. No. You're a liability.
... please PICK ME
as said on the newlywed game years ago "that would be in the butt, bob"
Please join as Med 2 students moderate a tweet chat on #rawmilk from 4-5pm .
camels are my best friends. But ah, I guess it all makes sense.
Jason's Deli sub was so bum
Warmer and sunny both Saturday and Sunday. Highs lower 80s today and near 90 Sunday. No rain until late next week at the earliest.
Manic Monday's at One Up. Savory lunches and happy hour drink specials unmatched. Come one... come all!!! Monday Fun day!!!
Another #ultrasound bill proposed by #republicans in PA. Gov Tom Corbett's "women can just close their eyes" comment DISTURBINGLY OFFENSIVE.
I'm good.
Seeking a German Localization expert who wants to work at a world class MMO studio... Email if interested -
Even at 25 (almost) years old, I still LOVE Tina's Beef & Bean frozen burritos and ANY frozen mac and cheese. #guiltytweet BOMB!
#nyy #yankees A simple freakin sacrifice type bunt at opportune times. Do that a few times and Maddon suddenly doesn't seem so smart
twinning omfg, I hate this feeling though
Woo so tired D;
I ruined your birthday. For this I am sorry, this means I owe you, big.
That risk is one worth taking, but must be acknowledged. There is something akin here to shouting fire in a crowded theater.
Ladies are not charged cover
great idea
Oh hi ya hot slut!
#WeWontWork period. I don't like relationships.
all you needed was a little inspiration, haha. that sounds like funn
Change is good!!
There's no metaphysics on earth like chocolate cake!!! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
A happy Friday is is! Thanks for the mention!
too many cheetos for one day.
now I know what the other high school teams felt like lol
RT : Going to #CES2012? - I'll be there and would love to talk about how can help curate the social conversation.
Silly kid, I don't drive a luxury vehicle by "choice". U on the other hand got a 2009 BMW and in a apartment with a roommate.
Matthews shoots lights out but Blazers lose a tough one in Sacramento on late Thorton jumper
The question of when to consult an allergist is a frequently asked question. Get the answer from a board certified allergist!...
OH GOD.
I'll go on the elevator even if it's just the 2nd floor.
GO COWBOYS!!!
Maybe they should just call another blarge...
LOL GOT JOKES HUH
Sorry to hear it, seemed like the phase I was much the same. At least you have Gardner to keep you company!
Don’t miss tonight’s BBC docu-drama, which offers a devastatingly authentic portrayal of the eruption of Krakatoa in 1883. On MPTV 10 at 9.
Very happy that received media credentials for the European Gymnastics Championships!
It's also expensive to eat healthy. As a grad student, I don't have the luxury of Whole Foods or Outpost on the reg.
Practicing my stroke.
I don't believe has a people like exam in the world
Patio is open! Please stop in and check it out!
Remember for the morning classes to Park at in the parking lot of the Boys and Girls club because our entrance is closed this early.
(2 of 2) investment and inspire good use for gags.
YOU should let ME LOVE YOU! Please follow me(:
Why would school district be retweeting this? RT : RT : Four words that I never want to hear: We're out of beer.
Looking like a lioness at the hairdresser - ridiculousness.
California pizza kitchen date with my best friend later (:
Also this weekend? I had the pleasure of meeting a couple lovely booksellers at If you're ever in Asheville, y'all *must* go.
idk we never actually talk. Best guess.....
I know right... try to get some rest, get & take medication, and load up on the vitamin c & of course stay prayed up 4 relief
Personal Best in the 200!! And close to a PB in the 100. Not a bad day
so jealous! Will be spending my #cwcon grading. In between everything else!
": 1 week and the most highly anticipated Mixtape drops. "Savage Journey To The American Dream" 3-30-12 #MMG #BCG" cant wait
done watching the " 12 DANCING PRINCESS " HAHHHA .childhood memories :)
Id rather be home in bed ugh!
*puts on my Party Poison costume and grabs my gun* Alright, lets go kill some bitches
"You are never too old to set a new goal or dream a new dream".-- C.S.Lewis
thanks for the invite but I'm meeting up with an old Army friend and his wife tonight. plans tomorrow?
thanks babes x
RT : Don't be afraid of change, you may lose out on something good, but you might gain something even better.
July 29th needs to come faster.
College graduate?
you are clearly a professional now.
Are you a certified woman owned business in NYC? Please contact us!
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be-Julius H.'Groucho' Marx/Comedian & Film Star
yep! and Radiohead. thanks for reading! happy holidays!
16: Divya Energy by - solar panel savings calculator; find out how much solar panels can save u on yr electric bill
I sort of like keeping work/not work separate. It feels sort of silly having two, tho. BTW, we need to have SGV adventures soon.
Gaggle of yellow fluffy Canadan goslings seen in Twin Cities area. Whatever you think of the adult birds, those guys R 2 cute.
RT : good morning. Have a great day! < Thank You! Morning Beauty!
Used 2010 Volkswagen Jetta Bartlett IL - YouTube | Bookmark The ...
hey i love ur boobs and humping dace ?
No problem! We already hired the staff for the new location but as business starts to grow, we'll likely need some more people. :)
That's why Shawn is a Top Ten for the Hobey Baker Award. Character & Integrity! Class Move! Now That's A Hobey!
You are welcome!
Just me, my bed, my starbursts, and my feelings.
We stopped checking for Monsters under the bed, when we realized they were inside of us.
haha seriously...dedicated SO many days of my life to that game! I miss it!
That was probably a tad much. *shrugs*
loves, loves, LOVES Stabler from Special Victims Unit.
Me too! Hooray for 's Green Fridays! RT Today is my Friday!
I want to play pregnant with you in Toys R Us.
Forever claiming Lucas as my little brother.
Lincoln Lawyer was good.
Gained mine!
Fantabuloso friday! SO EXCITED!
I've been hitting 'Junk' on academic spam mail for months in Entourage and nothing. I hit it once in the Outlook Web client and it's gone.
Jason aldean is on with us now
Dialed up a beautiful one today, Philadelphia.
Putting in work.. Graduation is around the corner! 1 more semester. Wow
Married men masturbate more often than married women.
it's okay, I had bacon this morn
I got the same email! I guess I shouldn't have been surprised....
Red mango with Dominic
Reading that poem was a beautiful way to start my day.
Someone who thinks logically provides a nice contrast to the real world
woah yikes! workin on a new song!!!
Noah is like a Chihuahua dog, always active, but not talented.
Villasana retains her belt after 3 rounds by judges decision.
<3 thank you ! Tonight Mendez hits Phoenix's Scenario Wednesdays
you should hear their suggestions I'm laughing too! Hahaha miss you!
I endorsed Irene Becker on BranchOut, "your professional profile on Facebook"
'Parting is such sweet sorrow.' Tearful goodbyes w/ the kids @ the crisis shelter.
what PF text omg
Preach it Khristi Adams
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
haha the funny thing is I was going for the Kermit look! ...not really.
HB1136 has been called down on 2nd reading. Amendments are being heard.
The billboard of Jr Bush saying do you miss me yet was up a round 1-2 years ago between Yuma and Casa Grande Arizona It made me mad
I only watch it anymore because I can't stand the delay from radio to tv
oh stop you love it 😉
no mom jeans today-too hot! but I did take the kids to the pool with snacks, drinks and toys in hand, mini van will come later!
And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else
aloe quest.
yes it is.
Why is the a/c off every time I come home?! it's freaking Texas here!!!
Which one?
Busy day. Hopefully a sign of good things to come.
Can you make it anymore obvious that you're staring at my boobs dude?
I wonder what Word does that makes it take so long to load… I mean it's a word processor, and I have huge 3d games that are snappier.
I pray for everything i want so lord knows im desperate.
The remarks about my reaching the age of Social Security and coming to the end of the road, they jolted me.
Yes, I just saw a priest playing on his new ipad. Clearly he made Santa's nice list!
I have the urge to write some kind of response to the blog post defending corporate archivists, but not sure how to formulate it.
