RT : The worst kind of hurt is betrayal, because it means someone was willing to hurt you just to make themself feel better."
Do you like it?
AntiSocial Folks...
We're sold out, but may have one for sale. :)
ugh, i always fall asleep when i watch tv.
New phone. Same #. Hit me upp.
Preparations begin for our 10th Anniversary Gala tonight! Big thanks to and and our honorees!
I'm right there with you! V uncertain about certain dystopia-tropes that seem to be being activated w 13, though.
i've always wondered if has ever read one of my tweets. I'd probably pass out if he did. <333
and got new baby strawberry plants
ok! will find time soon. we're on summer break a week from Friday.
I have insomnia all the time, I'm used to it. :)
Babymama's and kids are expensive!!!!!!!!! :(
Today should be good
i have a couple on tumblr but more are coming! :)
I just texted a friend, asked her "whose house are we having dinner at?" I'm really hoping she texts back, "Run's house."
I go home may 7th then leave for Vegas on the 9th then come back to Japan on The 13th
Thought that she was the one for me....
Thanks Jenny!
www.myspace.com/vnivegas www.myspace.com/jun1ortat2
Adjunct faculty should be permitted (and encouraged) to teach courses in their areas of expertise! Fear not, we will still teach FYC!
ANYONE OUT THERE: w/ #allstar #race #Tickets ? It would make someone's dream come true to see ??
People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be / whether they will admit that or not.
after that show you deserved the Rolo shake. For the record I've tried one and it was glorious.
GM all
no but came out today that you will open with KU in MSG!!!
Sometimes a friendly client who loves your work wakes you up way more than coffee :-)
that may be the case because u definitely need the ppl who have initiative.
Beastie Boys I believe
Forgetting why you walked into a room
today was filled with remembering those who were silent and lived in pain by being bullied. To all of you, we love you!
I've got a job offer and I'm seriously considering it.
That's how I feel about creating metadata. :)
What better way to celebrate St Patty's Day than with $2 Stouts at Track 7. You know you'd rather be here.
“Draw near to God, and He’ll draw near to you...He’s changing you and molding you to be more like Jesus.” -
We are awestruck by 's first tweet in 13 months.
Song of the year coming up next!! Neil Patrick Harris....saw him yesterday in the gifting lounge...very handsome :)
It's official- #gospursgo have best franchise start at 18-3 with win over Warriors and are now 15-0 when they score at least 100 points.
"You have to do it yourself, but you don't have to do it alone."
Add me again I deleted my old one
hey, tell the cute single girls at your party i said hi! I cant make it ;(
thanks. It was a challenge but worth it.
I see too many cute people on thumblr but never in person.... Talk about YOCO lmao
Got a chick <3 Rae :) or
My g/f has been a huge fan of yours.We went to the PDX show some time back and she couldn't get yur autograph.Any way to get 1?
yea. I don't have rocks in this apartment, but maybe a toaster or coffee mug.
S/O 2 sexy ass thanx 4 the follow baby!!!
just finished watching the last ep. who do we have to set on fire to get a 2nd season?
Miley's episode of punk'd :)
I'll bet it smells good.
Chris Paul mind of state never out of bounds...
New agent. Good things. Working on getting them everything they need to pitch me while I network.
Ok think i might do right
at the cubs game (:
#fwprsa Glad I could hammer it home! Thanks!
Party Rock is in the house tonight!!!! So everybody just have a good time! :-)
Most haunting thing for Philip Rivers this Halloween....Fumble on the snap! Bwaahaahaaaa
ME TOO! I thought I was the only one who loves that! Hahaha
Thank u so much 4 yr ongoing support. It means the world to us. You are SO RAD + we are very lucky to share community with you. <3
Lovelovelove jersey shore
thanks for coming! Hope you enjoyed it!
are you guys open during the day on weekends>?
Atlanta bob gibbons
that's lightning quick, I have gotten 14up and 10down with my LTE before.
. Inclined planes, levers, and processors. I'd hate to waste energy answering a series of questions.
Bend over. You know how we do it. Feet to shoulders.
Haha just put on the episode where Mr. G does his drills.
People are very quick to criticize the ones who are trying to make their dreams come true…
Thanks! We've got some great galleries this year, & those pastries you love are from !
Also, I suspect many here r allowing AHB as 'they r the ones that survive'. I've seen some ferocious bees in some yards
I Don't Really Care about not having as much as others. It's more important to have infinite potential and courage. Screw
What ever happened to the kid shows where you learned how to catch monsters and that animals talk? I watch kid shows to get away from math!!
is that better? I rather just have no violent crime ITP and OTP
my home#208-376-1321 or cell 208-794-5456 Check with your dad or Ken Taylor as to my character.
Check out our new songs Stage Five and Classic!
RT : Sunday Funday begins with bloodies and beermosas at our bar.
You'd think so RT : Does that mean I can call the Daily Texan editors 'crackers'?
Today is my last awful Monday in school
I guess I'm really awesome! ": Don't worry. If you can get someone to really hate your work, you are doing it right."
RT : -I Need A Full Body Massaqe !
the fast brown fox hopped past the boring dog.
Hello summer
My great uncle taking me to play when I was 12 years old.
Hate feeling like this....the way my head swims....my heart beats...my thoughts collide...all cause of her....
Somebody get me plastic surgery, on my face?
sad how we have to lower the bar
Choosing gratitude and love today!
Now that I'm done with the #PealeBCLM photo prints inventory lists and everything is available online, I'm back to the glass negatives.
Mother's Day is right around the corner! Show her your gratitude with one of our delicious spice collections! Now 20% off...
want to work n to the bible study wbu
I just wanted to say i love you.
we picked up 3 new receivers today bro! Watch out for us next year.
I am a parent blogger from MN! Looking for a way to get my 8 yr old volunteering locally~can we offer our services?
I would probably die if followed or tweeted me. 
idk how u haveto show me lol. DM me the web address, acount name and password
can u plz follow me? ♥
Just made my first dress, and it's not that bad ;-)
Emily in NC on Dangerous Dogs list has a deposit & vol group that works with shelter says she's safe.
I hate school <\3
I had enough excitement for one night. It was fun playing the easter bunny's but it's time to call it a night! Have a gdn & sweet-dreams!
I'm kanye west lady.
Remembering those golden times when seeing Two & a half men with were best of my week. do something. SERIE IS DYING
Aw cheer up, Tucco!
“: But wait till that honors west civ final , that will be the DEATH of me.” no ones passing tht except Eric...
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/18/2011
It can only *seem* that way. #nerdularnerdance RT : Perhaps I missed my calling in phenomenology.
Thanks for the RT :)
Wood stove is cooking today 85 F right now may reach 90 down here #undergroundiron real mans gym
Off to mix the Bud-E Luv Show @ the RrazZ Room. He taught Sammy Davis everything he knows
Ok, an attempt has been made
my tumblr's so dope ♥
Yeqh Hope They Repeat It && You Really Saw The
3 #hoarding those people are crazy this lady has $300000 of debt from buying vetriliquist dolls...weird and creepy
Quick screenshot grab: use MS Word, Insert/Screenshot/Screen Clipping. Right click inside the pic, "Save as Picture...."
...now our VCR is eating tapes. LOL. We are snowed in too. But still have the computer knock on wood :D. Hope u can sleep.
Agreed I just don't see NFC as the same space until I can "print" an NFC chip @ home & place it where needed. Tks for the article
my long time buyier client is closing on his first home in chicago. congrats!
Congrats ! Not that I like the Blues :p but I hate Barcelona !
Mr. Personal injury Attorney are you on Social Media? Do you have a Web 2.0 Strategy? We need to talk now.
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score!
13 weeks of summer to make that dough, gym, and beach💪＄
If I can't trust you then why would I ever consider being your friend?
"Your Love Is My Drug!"
I hear Rachel Bilson loves
If you don't like something, then why constantly involve yourself with it?
Jesus Shuttlesworth hits that everytime , who didn't know that was going in.
Your government is your friend. Call them anytime.
THREE WEEKS PEOPLE
Congrats, good luck, and have a great, stress-free move!
not in the mood right now </3
oh okay just checkin before i said something...when u coming back?
FREE Kraken rum till it's gone! $3 Mexican beers. Footie on TV. Monte Ellis Happy Hour. 36 assists.
-I love junk-!!!.....Tehehehehe
RT I have an insatiable appetite for these films, which may or may not be healthy. Eager to see it
Oh master of anticipatory workings. I'm just trying to get you before you're too bigtime =)
Twit of d'Week: You know what would freak me out? If I went out for a walk and there were 217,000 people actually following me."
We write for the world.
If at first you don't succeed, well then skydiving isn't for you...
Fix iTunes 10.5.1 stops responding all the time in 64 bit Win7: fixed by giving User Full Control to directory C:\Program Files (x86)\iTunes
I can't wait for my lunch break so I can prop my feel up and relax
#KCOMgrad .. it's happening! Students are ready, the stage party's lined up, and the music's playing.
o.O
- nice to meet you as well :)
If I see one more wp_enqueue_script in a header file I'm going to... argh! Do it right and put it in a function.
Having an annoying day.. it would be nice if there was somebody to make this day seem better for me :/
...printed glow in the dark ink...expensive, but glues awesome!
Time to learn to play 19 new songs by Sunday!
We support HB 1272. It will get people back to work, expand CO's pool of skiled workers
I hope everyone had a very merry Christmas and Holiday ; ) Did you spend time with your family??
ill take dykes and nessler calling #UK games over Mussberger & Knight anytime
Chillin at work
Morning Mindbender Question: What's the first thing 61% of today's college grads will do the week they graduate?
safe travels
GO GET THE FUCKIN BALL KOBE
Yes, & I think it's resetting since LED flashes. Surely I'm missing something so obvious! Going to make a video. (Thx!)
LACMA uses FB and other social media for Corridos. Love spanish songs as a call to action.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
I love how the architect placed the accessible urinal in the middle. Great use of symmetry.
Who is the best summertime band?
Walked to the bar for the first time - not sure I like the solo walk home.
Obama's new one word slogan #Forward establishes a trend that reminds me when indierock bands started naming themselves shit like 'Tennis'
More thanks to and for the folos!
thanks for the #FF as well!
:( poor bonbon! My last flight I got the gold ring, middle seat between 2 attractive single guys in their 20s ha!
#nowplaying Fever by Peggy Lee
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
Facebook is lame.
"truth is for who you looked popped with" LOL NO GUYS, NO.
Why is everyone talking about May 4th being star wars day? Star Wars was released on May 25, you are all stupid
Instead of taking the time to refill my water bottle, I just buy a new one that's already filled. Minimal effort with maximum results.
Out class early #winning bout to go to sleep
how much was it?
Gr8 job tonight on tweeting the fight.
Good morning from Fort Wayne!
Its party time!!
no :( Ill be back though! Lol
everytime I look at her its like she walks in slow motion
"How time has flown by since U where this Lil guy. Happy 7th B-Day Big Head! Daddy loves U & we'll see U on the beach this Saturday." :-)
#InstantTurnOn a girl who works out
R.I.P Donna Summer.
TedMedders, Begin ur #TEDMED Journey Clear-Headed w me daily 7-7:45am in Group Meditation-meets-Technology @ African Lounge, Kennedy Center!
Loving the nude/blush trend on the red carpet. Wish I could pull it off. Oh wait, I'd need a reason to get dressed up first.
my sister, cousin and uncle are all sleeping through this...
Wow I cant quote anything with out it getting misunderstood.....
I think he's cute.
How did this go from being super easy to super expensive?? Thank God for return policies
Don't know hadn't heard.
Jasmin Johnson: "..teaching that education is not about getting change but creating change.." great poem!
Jancis says: Be inclusive with your approach. Wine forums are often dominated by exclusive show-offs #WBC11 I couldn't agree more
I love thunderstorms all I want to do is lay in bed and listen to the crack of the thunder.
"Retirement is one great big giant coffee break"
haha thats exactly what i say !
Adam is playing at the Beat Kitchen on March 10.
Appreciate that! Stay tuned for the 2nd album coming soon and the 1st official music vid.
aw! when do you leave for the cruise?!?!
Food-based triggers work but may lead to inability to perform w/o treat. Alternate/mix triggers. Google "trigger stick" for one alternative.
I couldn't agree more. people are just jealous.
my mind
I think it auto-happens.
Just watched a video of , that guys are cool ;) they have a beautiful voice , guys you R awesome ;) call me maybe (;
Tryn 2 work it out am on my fitness!
RT : Mount Moriah is now playing the Horse Feathers/Matt Bauer show on May 15th!
And that'd be what?!?
Hahaha! Are they us?!
you've done such an amazing job with fundraising/twitter. would you be interested in making a post on the LFA DMV Facebook page?
Bagel I am eating a bagel not a dog
#vsa2011 Peter Linnett: your organization has its own culture, how does it relate to all the cultures of your community?
begins by highlighting the City's larger issues.
need to do 2 lab reports for friday... #fuckmyfuckinglife x
it's starting to rain. looks like & I will have to do drinks instead of downward dog. what a shame! ;)
we did kill it! Unfortunately no race :(“: Good luck today, we know you're gonna kill it!”
that's awful!!
I would buy this
Someone dm me to chat
I just deleted my "wedding" board on Pinterest. Feels good!
Hahahahahah very true
Last few weeks of school
Great story by Jeremy Schapp, "recalling concussions" on sportscenter. CTE is real, and a problem that will not end any time soon.
god damit... i'm in love with alcoholic tarzan..
ok James here we go :)
i feel u bro
wait tables!
I bet you wish it was a Giant Kitty. Just a little bit?
Now how the fuck am I gonna bang out this Term Paper rough draft tonight...
are some of our supporters. Thank you very much for the RT.
DRIVE LIFE IN THE FAST LANE!!!! VIDEO COMING ON MONDAY...SUBSCRIBE TO DMWILLIAMS.ORG TO WATCH IT
It is Sunday that means it is time for
Thanks for the message! Do you want to read a full length life of St. Moses the Black of Egypt? We can send it to you free!
Less than 3 weeks away! We Came As Romans, Miss May I, Of Mice & Men @ The Loft, have you gotten your tickets yet!!!
we gonna try to drop a song today.
Anyone have a solution to delusional & petty people who have nothing better to do with their lives than bring other people down?
“: R.I.P. to all the virginities that will be lost on tuesday.” wowww..lol
hit 3800 first level connections today...who do you want to meet?
Happy Galentine's Day! Hope all my gal pals are doing well!
I miss
I don't know why, either!! Lol
MIDNITE-May5 El Mari characters will lead drinkin game w/audience! Liquor treats,new performers,n yes, boobs!
I got a fat headache
We're going wi-fi free every day from 11-2 starting Mon. 6/21, to free up more seats for lunch customers.
How about 'preferred'? I can understand not wanting a new IT director deciding they can "do something better than MARC".
People paddling out wearing Seau jerseys...so far at least 200 people floating for the cause.
so high when you lay down in bed you try to fasten seatbelt >.<
dare I say it?
Hanging outside the alterbar waiting for the show..
RT : What a finish to the Broncos-Steelers game. D. Thomas representing GT and #Tebow showing he can make the nice pass!
#BetterWithChicago I would do anything to go to the concert.... I don't care if its pouring rain, blizzard, or windy... I'd ...
feeling like a twit. what's twittering? is anyone paying attention? hell
Fun fact: when eggplants explode, hot kerfuffle goes everywhere!
Have seen "The Blind Side" at least twice, but it still makes me bawl like a child
Winning? Lol more like losing..
good. I love you too
Yah! Lunch is still on tomorrow fo sho!! Quatros milpas?! What time? =) I leave for NY on Fri so I'll update you tomorrow!
Mmmhm. The last time I did that show it took about 6 mnths for the tunes to settle down in my brain.
So Freddie Mercury is going to be the next hologram. That's certainly better than Adam Lambert fronting Queen.
well got allot going on my head it on blast im thinking abotu allot and needing to make changes. oh yeah no border bash for me FML!
Enough about marriage, I propose we legislate Gay Free Taco Tuesdays!
What's the dress code a Sakura? Can I get by with jean shorts? Reservations-only makes me nervous!
california knows how to party.
A person can only try & do so much before giving up on someone they really care for...
Oh, I thought you were asking for help with the API. I work at so I've got some working code :) but not for other graph dbs.
You can marry me :))
Thank you -- hope you can help me rebook my ticket.
Dying my hair and blow drying it 💆
RT : The CO Senate gave initial approval the Buy American Act. RT if you agree that getting Coloradans back to work is critical!
And our crew pulled it off. Good job.
failure is such a scary thing to even think about.
send please
lol i kno.......thats what happens when people talk shit in my dreams apparently...
Happy first day of class to students!!! Go get 'em, tigers.
How about questions students have wondered about all year, then improve them & research primary & secondary sources?
Missed 11:11 by one minute.
It's 5 o'clock somewhere
Monday morn at the new job is fine, but I do miss my weekend recaps with :(
Thanks for the love! RT : - I think you should check out - awesome #Indiana tees!! ;)
yea you know I gotta show love to my #2Up boys
Just approving a bunch of twitter followers. Where do they all come from? haha
She'll make ANY city you want! :) RT : Cool!! Does she have any pictures of ones of Seattle?
Patriots' Day in MA, Patriot's Day in ME (part of MA till 1820). MA got all the grammarians, or all but 1 of the patriots
Thats what she said
would have loved to have woken you up giving you some head lol haha :)
Stop talking Jamaican
I'll be you, let's trade shoes.
What if everything around u isnt quite as it seems, when you look at your reflection is it all you want it to be?
You make me 😃
no just disappointed .
looking for new producers to work with dm me or send your info to me for pop / electro / top 40 beats
Fantastic, action filled finale. You saved the best for last.
Time to celebrate!
Thanks for stopping in yesterday. Extra whipped cream on an iced mocha sounds dreamy! Hope to see you again soon.
I need to go to church because I no theres things I gotta make rite wit God and myself
The truth hurts and them lies kill and you can't sleep thinking that he lies still...
Switching studios because of stupid shit. YOLO
Congrats! I was the second prize winner. :-D
People that I barely talk to see it happen to me all the time and they say "it looks like it makes you sad.." Actually it crushes me..
I just read that Flickr now has over 5 billion images. Billion. That is mind-boggling.
creating art for Artie Gras every Thursday nite at Quaker Steak & Lube in downtown Sharon this summer and Hermitage Arts Fest next weekend!
eso lo.que ay,u guys are going to rip the stage.
4Weeks left of school , lets the countdown begin :)
Men wearing a girdle or under garment can maximize recovery over a period of 12 weeks.
I get so excited when I find a good singer on youtube.
I hate that I cringed when I saw Mary Tyler Moore on stage. A shiny pantsuit for the Lifetime Achievement award?
Apparently it has become acceptable to wear gloves in the middle of july
#Gay Is Okay!
happy new year
What about the other Get Your Ex Back books? What about your competition? Fair question…I won't say anything bad about them
but idk how to spread the message :(
So busy I forgot to eat. . . That's not good, all I have eaten is a pizza pocket today . . .
RT : Newt leaves out that in Chile you have to pay into system for 20 years first
You Are More Than Welcome
eeww look ratchet to me Pass
hey sorry was in a meeting last night, where did we leave off with your job inquiry ?
going to the library with Josh in a bit,
watching the #GrammyAwards Welcome back #Adele! We've missed you! And RIP #WhitneyHouston we will miss you. And congrats #taylorswift!
my air smells like blue
might have to make the trip up from lynchburg Va
I couldn't move. It was ridiculous. Like I was frozen. I couldn't even...omg. I almost fuckin' died and I'm not even exaggerating.
Excited for the things to come , Bradford Beach and Brookfield underway, good times
picking jaw off of floor...maybe I shouldn't be on Twitter before church
Here's to the hope that 2012 will touch the "better angels of our nature." Things can only get better, right?
When the Broncos lose, contact www.QuickGymCS.com for a one-time FREE week at Quick Gym!! Do the workout the Broncos & Chicago Bears do!
That's awesome having the drivers meeting outside so fans can see it!!
I love helping #oomf with their relationship problems.
Dear CO Dept of Revenue.. your online tax system is the WORST I have EVER seen in my life. No wonder we have a state deficit.
good for you! Glad to see someone other than I still care for the elderly! Wish you could be with us in Chicago tho
Booze Cruise needs to sit!
por que no, la carreta, the matador, cha tequeria, #mexicangrub see our blog for more ideas :)
“ I don't want to wake up early tomorrow 😭”
Who takes they girl to Mickey Ds tho
Incredibly... Soriano hit a K-Rod breaking ball
"The day has eyes; the night has ears." ~ David Fergusson... Go ahead, tell your story...
Anyone else get tickets to the Pittsburgh show? :)
last vid for the night............coming up
I just saw it on someone in Oakland. I should have asked because I want one, too.
Welp...who cares! Back to texting my Arkansas brother. Miss our talks.
S/o to and for sitting on the curb with me till my car got jump started
Planning a Casa Nuestra vertical tasting with grilled rosemary (local) lamb chops. Trouble deciding the wine: Merlot, Cab Franc or Meritage?
I'm with you - I had the same problem with the G+ Android App . . . .any luck?
That's a great thing:) You go girl!
you should totally follow me. I've been following you. And it would be amazing if you were following me.
Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud. ~Hermann Hesse
I want to know more about these people than their Trans history.
love everything Dustin does!
“: My parents think my friends are bad influences, but honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.”
HTC phones suck, time for an upgrade
RT my mom thinks "LOL" means "lots of love", she just wrote to me "Your grandmother just passed way, LOL"
Full metal apron baking day
they're growin up. B is 10, A is 9 & E is 6 now. Crazy right?
looking forward to seeing everyone!
attorney personal injury law attorney
there's always going to be something coming up. Just got to make it happen!
A still relevant reminder from a 2003 report! "In order to be used by practitioners, knowledge must connect to practice".
I recently encountered a bartender wearing a shirt that said "Raped by Miracles." I've been looking over my shoulder ever since...
Not sure. I always thought our job as hist was to share the knowledge with the public so they can share with others
Welcome to Twitter!
Manning on Stokley: I'm all for adding productive players.
Watching "Don't mess with the Zohan" and I love it!
Like many good things in life, relationships can get messy and complicated. And saddle you with days you don't want to do anything but...
... help digital humanists get credit from their universities for participating in new media. But, it is also meant to ...
DM the # - Derrick
Finished recording our new EP today! Now we just have to name it, mix it, master it and release it.
Best quote of the draft so far: "Hard to look good at 346 in shorts and a t-shirt. This guy looks good in shorts and a t-shirt."
should be on kindle in a couple of weeks!
#imisswhen it only took 25 minutes to get to downtown portland. Coming home today took 2 hours. No Joke.
My entire body, especially my eyes, would really appreciate the pollen counts going down
that's what's up! We gonna do one at the end of may. Make sure u help us promote thru ur fb & twitter!
"angry grapes!"
where is mine???!! You always forget me
Seems like everyone I know did a low key NYE, and I'm glad to have done the same. Going into 2012 with my head on straight.
cause we need a safety!!!!
how's life in the big apple
"Straight Edge" people who don't even know who Minor Threat is <
well that's good.
yes :D
hey yeah remember me, well i miss you :/ text me babe same number as always . we need to hangout ill come get you : )
“: My head is about to go kaboom :/” it's okay though you'll be seeing me tomorrow(:
Hey, can't hit every time right..... ?
Moving in the right direction.
I don't get it either. I don't mind it. Many athletes use their platform for various causes. He is doing the same.
I'd rather be difficult for a guy than easy
Two years in a row former UW Ath Com staffer is part of game day staff for Super Bowl champ team. should be proud.
Good morning OGI participants! Great to have you all back this morning. Welcome to the new faces in the room, (& tweetstream) too.
Clouds are high flying fogs.
Strawberry wine for
Unions/Dems/Libs just can't understand that the gravy train is gone. We're broke.
Still getting everything going with starlight and the new EP thank you for your patience....it a lot of work but well worth it in the...
I vote for Americanese. :-)
#foodallergy~ C allergic to:dairy, PN, TN, egg, canola, beef, pork, yeast
Added some new apps to my arsenal of #kdrama iOS apps: Crunchyroll's new "KDrama" offshoot app, Viki (good fan subs), 乐TV (LeTV)
You used my photo of the Wren Building as the first cover photo!
JR Smith is now 3-14 shooting tonight. Keep it up pal!
Beyond pumped for to get here tomorrow! If you're driving across WA tomorrow look for her, she's the hottie in a Honda!
What's the most txts u have sent in a month??... just had a girl on the air with 9,144 for march as of last night... for real??
NYU Housing residents: spending your NYE in NYC with guests? Make sure all of your guests have the appropriate ID req'd to be signed in.
Successfully slept 22 hours straight with a 2 hour intermission, for food of course.
Hate to be missing #SpaceUpSF in two weeks, would go if I could, it's going to be grand
Sunday is Mother's Day but never too early to send love out to Moms everywhere.
aye aye! Painfully close, i see it from our driveway everyday. It beckons
thank u
Aunts house for dinner and some softball(:
Most likely lol
Just had some toast and a cup of tea yay :) ♥ #feelhappy :D
Could I please get a quote on how your spirituality had an impact on your college athletic career?
it's all good dude, me and johnathan will be writing music for as long as we can :)
that is just for protools, haven't even started 3rd party stuff. must be an easier way to do this.
Being a pedestrian around mayfair is terrible. Not sure how I'm supposed to get across the street. At least it's nice out.
And that's the ballgame... Tuscon over Sacramento 5-3
Who says a girls’ night in can’t be fun and exciting? Not me. That’s for sure!
Thanks for the well wishes and congratulations. Very excited for what 2012 will bring!
I wanna know what I would be known for if I died today.
Do you have any amazing road trips planned for the Spring/Summer? Where to?
school and working lol what about you?
You did a great job flowing, being vulnerable and totally yourself. Trust me, love, you did a wonderful job. Proud of you!
Thanks to all of u in the fitness industry to be at my best everyday. U help keep me motivated!!
A manager's emotional commitment is worth more than their financial, intellectual and physical commitment combined.
Day 80 - No cigarettes or liquor!
RT : In today: flying dog wheat, pale, white, triple Karmeliet, lagunitas pils, gumballhead (gone), green flash stout 12oz +
Just got bogged down with external stuff. Plus we had problems with our tshirt order. The company canceled it twice.
"do NOT mess with him" - this morming i called a lady at the rental car return a cunt and told them all to fucking die.
Another great night in Raleigh, I love NC!
Country music makes my heart happy--enjoying the CMAs
'The country is awash with weapons', says Lourdes Garcia-Navarro of NPR as #Libya prepares to celebrate Natioanl Liberation Sunday
The BIGGEST draft pick ever is outtie. But retires in his black & gold (in my eyes).
thanks for the invite!
tonight's torture = good; last night's torture = bad! :)
my limbs are full of honey sand
Run up on Meechie you might lose ya life
it's called Hawaii. Abby and in the high 70s every day.
Thanks for following us! We hope to see the British Embassy at this year's #DiplomaticBall - sending Save the Date tomorrow.
told me to lick her butt hole, ew
what is this you speak of?!
WOW/ I finish my homework
So fed up with bull shit
My Moms Mothers Day Gift Was That i Washed The Dishes! She Better Appreciate It e.e
Yeah Homework sucks! But I like my school, cuz I have lots of friends, and we always make it fun somehow!
ok go to your house now :D ☻/
I still havent seen avengers. u?
thank you Macy's 25%off.
Baby - Justin Bieber
More like seeing how people react - if Biden gets support, Obama's views will "evolve", too
I can talk mad shit about you... and you not even know it.
Happy Birthday Miss
thank u so much for the RT :) Question: What is your best advice for an actor?
#Music gets me so pumped...
Happy Birthday to My twitterless Brother Ronald Kangalee 👍🎉🎁🎈
Well, the storms have passed....
that Akka 2.0 post was all abstractions; not one concrete feature I recognized as something I'd want. Sigh.
#John Cena vs The Rock
He follows me, silly boy. RT : Who is sexually open minded and lives "in the Rockies"? It seems can't find you.
Thanks! “: Happy Mother's Day to all you ladies out there. Our gift to you is a Jeff Samardzija start. It's an eye candy gift.”
would like next step for universities to be encouraging open or pop press publishing by faculty to earn tenure
Look out for pics from our annual Chanukah/Christmas giveaway. Pictures taken, exporting going on, chopsticks ready. Happy hols/2010 to all!
Matt here. UMass Sport Mgt alum. Dropping in for a bit.
My school has a a project where we're reading globally diverse lit schoolwide to open doors to new cultures & ideas.
The Focus Group announces it will re-brand itself as Intimate Crowd Sourcing.
where would we be, if we couldn't dream!
Can't wait!! I'll be there!!
of course they are!! didn't you know that?! They are twins!! But Pey is the older sis and the diference is 1 minute :)
Hey i'm going to go get ur tradin cards 2morrow
Literally been up for 24 hours straight.
Happy Holidays everyone. Cherish all that you have.
We will be giving away a free month membership today at one of our classes!
ok im done
In Watching YouTube I draw a clear distinction between the active audience of mass media, and the hyper-active audience of online media
When this girl doesn't text me < 😰
Answer the phone booty!!!! >.<
is on cloud nine, you make me smile.&& I can't wait to see tomorrow!!! Ah! (:
- I'm not in Cambridge much, but will try to stop by next time. Until then, please waft floral aromas toward the western suburbs.
I never visited your profile. Is this a bad marketing campaign?
I remember when my Grandma confessed I smoked when I was two yrs old. Didn't know how to react, so I just laughed.
Bahahahahahahahahahahaha oh my god.
Excited to get lunch with :)
Starting the day off getting my downward facing dog on
Reed Dollaz, Joey, Jihad, Marcus Manchild, Los (Bad boy)
Toolman cleaning a wall in the basement, hand went over a nail Eva had just put in the wall
Lord please give me discipline & patience🙏
Yes! RT : We agree, summers here are amazing! RT : A1: Chicago! The summer cant come soon enough!
"rehiring everyone" is such a rare thing to hear isn't it?
11+ mile hike in big basin - all systems down after that!
Never trust someone who lies to you and Never lie to someone who trusts you.
please email me 3 topic ideas & I'll pick 1.
okay cool haha. :)
- thanks for being the best of friends! We love you! :)
RIP Maurice Sendak
Follow Me , Maybe !?
“: dude!!! Look at that stride. Beautiful” Ha! Thanks I was running like something was chasing me.
The sudden influx of indy "gamification experts" is both encouraging and scary; I saw this play out with social media with mixed results.
Who fucking cares who everyone I follow just started following?!?! Is Twitter now using Facebook's shit-ass UI team?!? Is there no solace?!?
Nike co-founder Phil Knight served as the best speaker during.the Joe Paterno tribute
Kentucky has advanced
The gibberings of Herbert Marcuse's ghost
My new mantra... RT : so true! : Repeat after me: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
lmmfao i don"t say nothing but uplifting quotes
was definitely in a bit of a mood there.
Hello Big Tigger, I am the founder of The Complete Length Hair Product line,from Detroit
go to the store(: lol y no milk?
something like that
I even had a little Texas country playing on the iPod to make and proud!
At Lenox Lounge arguing with these BK cats. They are so stunned that I'm black!!! SMDH. Lol they know we come in all shades and hair text.
We should really think about all the tattoos we get. Nah fuck it.
yup ill hit chu up but check my music out
thePEARLSlink CEO Alexis Harbour is officially a finalist to participate in the Miss Black New York Pageant for 2012-2013!!! Stay tuned...
Wow Bucky, why do you always make my hold my breath until the very last seconds, simply amazing! Go #Badgers!!!
Alcoholism makes me want to embrace mad men.
Volunteer to Map Play today it's so easy! I'm at #park in #coloradosprings taking photos
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” - Abraham Lincoln
Yo Sour Breath Ass DF' She Tryna Wet Bra !
we're happy you are spending some of your year of volunteer work with us!
Wild animals never kill for sport. Man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself.
safe travels!
Just another rainy day doing hair.
MWP Is The New Age Dennis Rodman
doesn't exist
Hey fans of did you know that is out on Blu-Ray and DVD?
last night my dinner was half a baguette, 2 extremely sharp cheeses (gouda+cheddar), oil & balsamic dip, steak, and tomatoes and cucumbers.
how bout a followback my friend!
If you can guess middle name ill give your band a free tour.
Many SBO's think of a FB page as in "Field of Dreams".."if you build it they will come." Not so, unless you have an established brand.
Trying to find out when doors open, that's the latest we'll be there
- car getting painted pink :)
watch it as soon as you get the chance, it was the most shocking one yet!
THIS IS HOW MY PRINCE SLEEPS WHEN HE'S TIRED FROM BEIN UP ALL DAY!
Neighborhood names - yes, def. But boundary lines on the base layer graphic? Not sure. Very important data; good question.
Your the legs to my table if you break i'd probably fall on my face.
really beautiful
We love to hear that! Thanks for coming in.
Stay tuned RT Should have another bracelet give away!
Hey kids, no one's home at Google! It's an algorithm, not a person. Alan November
Simplicity is classy
Truly blessed to have such an incredible mom. Hope my kids can say the same when they're old enough to appreciate it.
Watching Preppers. I don't know why. It's not like I want to....
As cheesy as it may be, my only wish on 11:11 is for to think of me
#Twitterature Tao Te Ching- Stop wanting shit and you'll be happy. Also, don't talk about it.
its a fun song. i remember we used to tweet about back in 2009 (way back when)
Seriously, how much wine will it take to get you to come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm?
lol u get to see me and get a work out! Duh
Calling it a day at the shop. Very productive and just ready to chill.
Awesome! See? It all worked out!
Getting into Learning When there's no time or money to learn.. my conference pick for the day!
#10FactsAboutMe I'm double jointed 
CSUDH, Here we come!
Any basketball fans catch the Lakers vs. Thunder game? Is it just me or are the Thunder a tab bit scary? Athletes who can play basketball!
Thanks for hosting the Sound of My Voice screening with last night. So nice to be in Hollywood again.
When you get it going, check out the adblock plus extension. (that tweet was meant as a DM #alfail #doh)
You're good at PR, but I just want to be honest about what your job is.
starts around six. Kendrick and big boy don't come on until like 9 or 10
it's always the total opposite for me! I'm so jealous!
Not looking forward to getting my physical :/
whats good im going to make some tea with jackie and sarah you wanna chill?
Hey , I really enjoyed our chat about mobile payments, deals, etc. last night. Look forward to hanging out again!
Our car won't start fml <3
Getting ready to do my first 20 minute straight run (week 5 day 3). I'm a bit intimidated ...
you're not playing the bluebird tonight. Hotel indigo. You're dumb.
oh harry (;
much appreciated, you #gangstalibrarian! Congrats on the new job!
oink, oink
RT #Sagittarius need their alone time once in a while. To refresh.
RT hmm... “ Rumor has it VH1 will begin taping for a new reality show 'Crude' based on the oil & gas industry in #Houston Sat!
I love hearing the birds chirp when it is still dark out!.Yes..I've been up all night & I just did the dumbest thing! I guess we do need z
not down in san francisco until Friday morning then flying to Chicago. Was going to see if you wanted coffee Friday am
FYSB is now 1ST & VINE. updates going on all of today :) pretty excited for this.
The Patriot act isnt for short term security its for long term security & has protected us -Terrorism kills liberty more
Still hoping on just one donation coming in today :)
barf. I'm an Astros fan, always will be. I will tell you what you can do with that bandwagon.
yes!! Best show ever
Krystal is a bitch. Everyone get over it already.
unfortunately my painting music seems to be "Old MacDonald Has a Farm", ;-)
You're a guy, who sits at home..willing to skype, so as to feed your masterbating tendencies..you're cheap, immoral and a jerk
whats up bro, havent talked to you in a while
Sports&Fitness Junkies and College Grads! Looking for persons that are Sports and Fitness minded contact:
I might be meeting Joe on Thursday!
Texas Roadhouse<333
RT : Admit it. At some point, you thought your life should be a reality T.V. show.
So angry!
Sounds like it was a good day! Yay. RT Perfect Q for me today! Small changes; big results.
young startups hire all kinds of other young, inexperienced people: engineers, designers, marketers - such is life...
RT : After all it was a great big world...
depending upon perspective
I'm not sure if Zynga will invest in an online poker site, but someone will try to convert those players, no?
The #Avengers w/ Michael Palmer
Joe Suhey, son of former Bears FB Matt Suhey, heard plenty about his Dad blocking for Walter Payton. "But to me, he's just Dad."
RT : Why did cross the road? To get to ! Today's deal is ACTUAL comedy, for just $10!...
read your article today at A List Apart. Thanks for the great advice.
I just woke up.. 9 pm at night and I just woke up..
oh man. i didn't realize they were out yet! that rules.
I'll be there! Promise
COMPUTER LOVE!
you too!
#melancholy #studying #thinking not a good mix...
I have been! From lovelies like yourself.
Inspired me 2 look at intentionally multiracial running groups/races. If any1 knows of these in NC- share! Access shud be open, easy, lo ...
Hoping is a winner!
I KNOW
macaroni & cheese tastes way better with breadcrumbs on top 😃👍
#sdrw San Diego Restaurant Week Dinner at Anthonys – 3 courses for just $20! Don’t miss the stuffed salmon.
Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - Good Morning!
I needed to update my Square app...I do not like the new update!
just received my B.A. in English, now I'm studying to be a Registered Dietitian.
Half shaved heads on women are the latest LA trend. It screams LOOK AT ME!!! I'm so edgy and cool!
I plastered my entire house with pennies. Now when my guests ask, "How much did this cost you?" I casually point to a wall and say, "Count."
#oomf at the gym I see you boo boo(;
Good luck tomorrow, ! And after that, welcome back to the world.
I think Madison police dept should report whenever a business with a "no guns allowed" sign is robbed. Public deserves to know if it works.
Furniture shopping and a Home and Garden show, where we met a lady that owns a furniture store that sells Amish furniture..NICE!
There is nothing more in the world i hate then when people touch my head.
I'm so sorry. My sympathies to all *hugs*
You get out what you put into it.
While watching the sabres game I might have a heart attack!
not really. I already have a girl. I'm straight
My discovery of Gluten free rice bread was heaven.... dangerous, dangerous carby heaven
Somebody call the waaaaaaaambulance for the cowboys...and for sucking in fantasy football. I hate you ...much amore though
everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) GO EVERYONE
what did you figure out with the lock screen code?
Yep! The earliest we could get the puppy would be this weekend sometime. /cc
I hate it when strangers say I don't bite "ya cause the first thing I think when I meet a person is HOLY CRAP the bitch is gonna bite me"
Time to download more Bonnie Raitt. Love her.
Congratulations to Matty Budesa! Our newest intern in Dublin this Summer!! Have a blast!
I keep forgetting that your a fellow buckeye. hehe! I only seen two buckeye trees in ten years haha!
only some
Collins wanted to save him for Bruce. That really worked out well....
Stayingg up late waitingg for 's new video (:
thats lucky too! so many people haven't been to his concert yet.
if it's a cedar 2x4 i'm all for it.. nothing like the smell of fresh cut cedar :)
Wow. I haven't seen a line around a block containing a movie theater since 1980.
Highlight of today- retaining all vases in hand while falling down a marble staircase.
“: IU wins! I love March madness” I don't know what to say
I'm still trying to figure this twitter-pated thing out so be patient with me. What do you mean; I do as you do?
Hate when people take they anger out on somebody else
I'm upset with the latest findings that in SD 1 out of 3 teen girls experiences physical, mental and or sexual abuse while dating
I think Ohio has had more snow than Wisconsin so far!
its easier, ppl dont have sex around u as much as they drink alcohol...keep it up, u can do it ;)
Romney: Middle class needs the freedom to carry weapons; banks need the freedom to siphon off middle class earnings in surprising new ways.
Jon Niese is a good kid...I FREAKING LOVE THIS TEAM!!!!!!
I like that
It's not just an issue of justice but also attracting the best students who can pastor churches in today's diverse world
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. - Saint Teresa of Avila
#nsta12 thanks for the suggestions, decided on wings and rings, game trumps good food.
We've got some music, snacks, and prizes, people already starting to line up for their #free Pinkberry! YUM!
Push It Harder Back On Me
Ah yes, the 4:30 tantrum. How I have not missed you at all.
"I think I want to be homeless in Hawaii. I wouldn't do drugs or anything, I'd just sleep in the park."
OH: "But I want to be a gigolo! Just the kind of gigolo who occasionally reads Forster."
So you just do people's requests and not music you actually listen to?
Cruising on lake michigan for dinner with SWOEA!
If Keith accepted, it would be something, but I'm not interested in debating a guy who has no identity & harasses ppl. End.
yea, just leave it all to herself, once you don't answer she'll just stop hating on you.
" converting to nudism #mvt" You'll need to start praying to Nudeha then.
Please add Seattle to the North American tour? We really want to see the boys, too.
i know man smh
Let the Tebow themed dishes begin with 's "Tebow T-Bone" now on the menu
Borked is one of my favorite words. Urban Dictionary defines it as "Specifically used to describe technology that is broken."
Rod Wittenberg: re Rule 901. AUTHENTICATING OR IDENTIFYING EVIDENCE for courts Lawyers create pdf from web pages
#AskScandal is Abigail a legit Ginger?!
U can waste ur energy griming me when u see me cause I guess u don't like me...I prefer to act like u don't exist
California is about to ban the sell of "foie gras", Foodies seem to drool over the flavor but to me its exactly like the fat on a good steak
The shins on SNL just made my day better :)
Yes they do! Thanks for the RT : Those burgers look super tempting.
Buy us Chipotle
I hate it when you're trying not to cry in front of someone, but as soon as they ask you "Are you okay?", you lose it.
I think I have more Google-branded stuffed animals/objects than I had Beanie Babies growing up.
love you too! <3
hi doll can you follow miss mimi pink please!
great! And u?
aww you're sweet sis! *hugs*
jealous you are seeing the black keys! Enjoy!
Our team is showing their Brewers pride today! #GOBREWERS!
Trouble finding us? Enter VooDoo fest and stay to the right, we are behind the purple and orange tent installation!
Little over an hour away.. Let's go I BELIEVE!
Not true. Ive been throttled so trust me, i know. #FUATT RT : except Sprint's normal speed is AT&T's throttled speed
Halloween movies on a lazy Saturday on SyFy? Yes please.
Im excited to see it!(:
The next seven days of my life is lookin great! Thanks
lets have a sleepover tonight :)))
NY bound, exhausted..
hates pepper but loves freebasing cinnamon.
this is going to be the best week ever!
Not normally one to care about #s, but only need a few more followers to break 1000. Who wants to help me? ;)
I saw my brother Carl Templeton, d'awwwh, I love that shortie so much. :).
Im laughing but im still kinda tight. Not at the girl thats expected from a hood rat, mad I let her move me out my box.
Guys who don't hate on 💜
This is the BEST day
Thank you for visiting!
wht ppl think of her. Yall girls need to go over yourselves and leave keyra the hell alone! Stop being so damn jealous!
I can only project what I think is happening. When I stop projecting, all that is left is Wow! -Benjamin Smythe
Oren B. talking about scholarly publishing
Almost every "failed" initiative failed to involve and inform parents.
people love to hate the Spurs...idk why tho
15,000 tweet goes out to all my friends, you guys make me cry nutella tears. That's how awesome you are.
Landed in Detroit. Got rental car. Turned on radio. Eminem. That's the way it should be...listen local movement
y claro que lo tenemos no? C:
3 DAYS UNTIL BOYFRIEND!!!!! I'm so excited!
very welcome.
UK is ready for us. Now I hope we're ready for them. Hashtag for the night:
That's the best kind of day.
Conway Twiddie stuck in my head...
Such a beautiful yet tragic day today. Tears of joy and sorrow but as friends we rally to uplift and protect one another.
I want more info!!!!!
I smell a rivalry taking place. It's obvious, the Kings remember what happened last year.
Realizing that you won't be in school while your peers are suffering through the Friday before
I'm so down. (not kidding - how cool would that be)
I wanna keep sleeping. 😞😞
please follow back?
negative good sir!
lovee Bourbon Street! how long is that going on?
I want 2 wish a Happy Mothers Day 2 all D moms in the world, May this day b filled with lots of love & Family, God Bless u all,
if they were smart they would sell monthly all access pass for bus psngrs, or bundle w/food, drink for casual psngrs
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets. Henry Ford
Thanks for attending! We hope to see you next year in Fort Worth at
The tag is badly faded, definitely made by SELLERS.
mosquitoes buzz-buzz / the sun sinks below the clouds / I spot a firefly
same here!
I'm your most dedicated follower!
Awesome! Headed to the festival now. I'd be interested in lunch or dinner today.
Reid sets vote on debt ceiling deal for noon Tuesday.
JOSE MOLINA seems to always get big hits off us...
through the darkness and good times i knew I'd make it through
I was just kidding about being a train conductor. I want to be a bulldozer.
You can't put a value on a random act of kindness. :D You guys rock!
JUST an apple? go get some real food woman!
I don't have a problem with caffeine. I have a problem without caffeine.
Underscores what they teach in library school: that w. MLS u can go on to all sorts of jobs - even head of FBI :)
History repeating itself is usally never a good thing.
When I'm waiting in line to order my food I like to rehearse my order in my head...
#honestly I cant wait until next year. Maybe, I can finally get away from all these annoying hoes ive been stuck with for 3 years
Alex Leavitt on hack vs exploit blur, e.g.: give a friend your Facebook password, they write something bad, you then say you were "hacked"
It's a terrible night for me to work. I'm in such a bad mood.
I miss you.
I like that movie idea. Cast my daughter as the gymnast when you get the movie deal.
Sometimes (rarely) I get to dust off the old HTML skills. There is a strange peace in web coding.
i really hope u get better ;)
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
A real nigga dont tell a female "I love you" for sex.
I like your attitude.
Taking the #altsummit DSLR 101 class this afternoon. Excited to learn how to use this shiny new camera.
I am beginning to think that the hot word of 2011 will be Zeitgeist. 4th time I have heard it today...
find the right agent in Miami become hard!!
“: december 18 2011, i just want to be with you, thats all really.” just want to be with Austin ;) not me ;) cool girl ;)
Taking the ahhhmazing to SiriusXM today!!
*paces room, glancing out window*
No, But really what happened to #KONY2012 ????
Thank you for the follow!
What is seen is in the "eyes (& heart) of the beholder!" Do you see wonder or amazement or is the world around you depressing cruel & lost?
Changed my career path once more. this time its for me bitches.
i think your earlier boasting served as a Kansas jinx - I fell to that curse with ND a few yrs back:(
hi dude!
Working on another music video for you tube / Thanks for all the support <3 Kellie
!!!! RT : The legs are getting Sun tuh day
"A double circle back?! Is that even possible?" "Calm down, I'm gonna land this plane." - Zuker.
The Type of personality who is a Natural at transfer of enthusiasm and motivation
I assume daily that before leaving your house in the morning that you ran a comb through your hair... or showered. Sometimes both.
First item on my move to do list: find the nearest Target.
Ha! Nice! Wrong kind of Scotch, but that was pretty good. :)
Please feel free to make your villain a full, three-dimensional character, rather than allowing him to languish as a forced cliche.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 340
i'm enough of a self-parody..
Ozzie Guillen looks deceivingly intelligent with his glasses.
Thanks for visiting! Sorry about the bike trouble...
what r u talking about?
Thank you, Tina. I appreciated your hospitality. And your students were wonderful. So bright!
RT Thanks for the Follow! Look forward to checking your restaraunt out! Awesome, we look forward 2 feeding U
Ok, you need to score to win. But you can't win with a goalie with a .789 save pct in an elimination game.
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and
The writing on the wall, screams of sweet collapse, and a glorious chance to begin the experiment anew, tumble down dark night, tumble down.
to clarify..you are saying uk will lose by 20?
Tebow has Jesus but GOD IS A PACKER FAN
i'm so jealous let me know how the movie is
is also busy. Must have some good deals.
Hey, we need to go to Birmingham on SB!
set your location to Tehran and your time zone to GMT +3.30. Security forces are hunting for bloggers using time zone searches.
Haha RT: Good morning! And in case I don't see you: good afternoon, good evening and good night! :)
What should I paint?
Hm really? I feel like you are a minor abuser of the ellipsis...
Supporters and friends from Englewood to Rogers Park here for the #poetry of
i love social!
I hope your having a blast in Australia! Wish I was there!
Yuko is just as bad as her sister in her own way...
You'll come into luck and wealth before you're twenty-two. Remember, I told you so.
I love corn, I love beans
Working out and reading to get my mind back on the job
not a Knicks fan but I love Toney Douglas
Your the last thing on my mind at night and also the first thing in my mind in the morning. IS what Love is called???
White girls with ass is a blessing, amen lmao
I'm not sure about expert yet; I can't seem to find how to follow someone Twitter hasn't suggested?
omg this chick right there bff how old r u jkjkjkjkjklol
SOURCES: #ETSU SGA challenges Faculty Senate to Jan. 20th roller hockey game inside the Post Office. This could get ugly...
"Another SAturday night and I ain't got nobody, I got some money cause I just got paid...how I wish I had someone to talk to..
lol just the hairline. Eyes are all wrong.
ok, come one...how come Grilled Cheesus is trending higher than Roy Halladay? This is ridiculous. Do something twitter people!
BasketballWives is hilarious!!! These women are nothing but drama.
Hope you enjoyed the show!
Laker and Kobe is player of the game
So do you have an accout for #SweetP'sEatery?? If so, whats it under? {{HUGS}}
...and to devote more time as a maker, an artist needs multiple buyers. the artist begins to lose value and imagination when he/she makes...
i enjoyed it and i'm not even a beastie boys fan!
2 ceramic sculpture shows closing this weekend. We're open Sat-Sun 12-5pm at 901 New York Ave. NW--stop by for an art break!
Tickets are still available for Birdsingers at Mingei International. Program begins at 7.
WMYB on repeat:))
The only time I have deep tweets is when I'm heartbroken from the last chick or when I'm mad depress from something tragic
HUSTLIN is key to balanced diet. Get yo weight up!!
Join us soon for our new Brunch Special: $20 Bottomless Bellini and Bloody Bar, every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-3pm
Great season for the #Senators, young team gained valuable experience this year. I picked them to finish last in Northeast Division.
I should add RE: show reviews. Not from Bruce's performance but from the crowd energy
LOL RT Rudy Gay: “Biyombo told me, ‘This is my house.' I told him, ‘You have 7 wins. It’s everybody’s house.’
Dammit pickles! Score USA!!!
Kobe trolling
moving to AZ woo
#Braves pull out the brooms in Denver, sweep away the
Awesome!! Sounds great :D I'm doing very well! about to watch the John Dahl's The Last Seduction
It's National Frozen Yogurt day!! Free yogurt and toppings at Yogurtland from 4-7!! Count me in!
#nowadays Jovon Johnson (nuke) is still yo cousin lol
Do you ever suggest to these unsanitary restaurants to look into ServSafe certification in order to learn proper food safety?
yall #UK kids are crazy.... Why did yall trash ur own stuff??? LMAO
mike's dog crossed the rainbow bridge yesterday, but not before enjoying a spaghetti dinner. have fun with tupac penny. rip.
GOP starring in new musical: The vagina ideologues.
no problem!
My Back Is Hellah Hurting =( I Cant Even Move
lolol go ahead & i marry Vinny! & i'm sorry that i haven't texted you back but i love you!<3
What is your secret to shopping and makeup? I always adore how you present yourself!
My Grandpa is dying.
Are you at Acadia? Hike the Beehive - it's awesome!
Give Tyson Chandler a lot of credit dude just works his ass off so his team can win.
what up nigga
Happy Dealsday! Lovely for Nivea, classy Katie Holmes for Kamiseta, and for
I can not fucking wait for Hemmingway & Gellhorn Romance rules
Happy May Day--look up your local occupy website to see what protests are taking place today.
Tweet deck setup complete
Finally watched episode of u all clowning on the U all nailed it. They are stretching truth for TV.
but where should we go ??
Anyway, im off to eat my chocolate chip waffles like a dinosaur. Rawrrr.
Lol failing timed writing tomorrow
Mattress King has the lowest price on Tempurpedic beds! Nobody beats the king. Win a tempurpedic pillow tell us why you need one & like us.
#teamfollowbaack If you need someone to plan an event for you, Im your person. Contact me at
Homes has one for sale too in Estates of Pitchkettle!
Beautiful evening at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012 - W Houston & N Frio! Fajitas, burgers & drinks w/Chente Barrera & Ramon Ayala
Please tell me there will be bull riding at the pasta establishment. DC needs more of that! (cc: )
I totally second that notion!! Someone who makes everything seem legit through correct spelling...maybe? Just sayin' ♥
I'm glad the cowgirls lost!!! Now y'all can shut up ha!!!!!!
I know you are busy, but I am making history. I have a strong education and a dedicated past to fighting for WI.
Headed to 13th inning..
Yooo! I hit your email with that other record last night homie...
why am i so excited for Liam to upload his pictures from his vacation at universal fsdlkfsdklf
Did I say 'yesm' no I did not, I said "Yesmm" totally different.
LOVE UK GARAGE!!!
We are live, #Office365 is running for all faculty and staff at UNO.
i know, it was weird at first but now im addicted
Thanks to all who made last weekends Easter brunch a success and remember Every Day's a Holiday, Every Meal a Banquet!
RT : When I'm alone: *dances around house naked* When someone is here: *dances around house in briefs*
RT : What night was #PerryMason on in 1966? Don was watching it waiting for Megan to come home
I do believe, help me with my unbelief.
Up for role on Royal Pains today. Drop offs to several recently met CD's and a meet w a director for some fight choreography. Luv a busy day
Choose to manage and control your problems instead of allowing them to manage and control you. Your outlook on life will completely change.
Life resembles a novel more often than novels appear like life.
Any new u/w photography techniques showcased, by chance? Saw how to photog w/florescence filters at DEMA2011 - want to try it!
Ima a slut 😜 oh well
how was your day? RT
and it's attached to a cord several miles long.
me and my friend are having a singalong to Stephen :')
Parking ticket... That's just awesome
Yes- traveling and speaking a bunch this month, creating new audio product, grateful for life.
I wanna see Hunger Games. <3
thanks for following me! :) I love you guys!
haha that sounds about right. That's tight you still got a semester left then your out right?
Happy Friday ;^)
I sent you a DM with my name.
Can't quite seem to make that work. Used =IF(Cell > 0, cell/other cell), and it works but returns FALSE for anything w/o data
RT : Proposed Stage 2 MU rules went to Office of Federal Register this morning but won't be posted until tomorrow
I have no clue what hes talking about but you never hit me back Johnny so we're no longer cool lol
Our move is now complete - PHEW - double the space for less $$ and closer to our home in Oakland - it is not the scary world that the media
No problem I just had to share that fact!
Send us some love and we will retweet it and make it 1 of our favorites! :)
i cant believe casey anthony was found not guilty
"I write doodads because it's doodad kind of town." Dorothy Parker, who would've rocked on Twitter. Alas.
man fuck these politics bra #PIL2 sells and album sell 6k but bad albums like C4 almost sell a mill in the 1st wk
Air Force F-15E Crashes in Southwest Asia
e, kindness and positivity with others
thanks sir. A topic close to my heart!
KOBE WAS HOT TO LOSE A LEAD...
Yes, I may meet a million pretty girls That know my name But don't you worry 'Cause you have my heart
Like what happened with mp3 players, right? Did they fall behind after iPod? So hard to remember...
#ff - lots of great, local deals
I love when people ask for my help...then don't have enough confidence in me....and go ask someone else after I just busted my ass off.
Heading on with my boy right now on in Baltimore to talk some #Caps!
FRIDAY FISH FRY!!!!!!
a puppy that doesn't bark? Sounds like a cat...
i am really tired, Good Nite
whoa man. Far out.
Oreo's do the trick when its late RT : I need candy, now.
Back to Business! We took time off to develop our new recycled-content paint. Introducing Simply Colors! Coming soon to a store near you!
bumped send before finishing: it's worth seeing even if you're deemed antisocialbeast
TAKE ACTION WITH AUTISM-Get the most for Your child or help someone who has a child with autism? intervene sooner than later
If you are tweeting at tech trends please also use the conference hash tag so we can archive the conversation.
Austin Rivers
taking my momma out to eat~
Ditto Tom, look forward to your tweets. :)
EMS are like rock stars here with their flashing lights and free stickers. But it'll only last until the firefighters show up, they say.
yeah i've been getting those- phishign RT : ...email from Amazon that say something about a cancelled order. [4/4]
Happy Friday, December 30, 2011... have an awesome day!
the custard jokes seemed to go over well, though.
Great to meet you. Have a good trip home!
Looking forward to seeing
Fear kills everything. Your mind, your heart, your imagination. ~ Cornelia Funke
Congratulations to CIS of Wilkes County on becoming CISNC's 16th affiliate to be TQS Accredited! Thank you for your all your hard work!
downtown enjoying an amazing first round of drinks and sushi
"how do you teach creative thinking if there is no such thing as an original idea?"
Ohnoz :( RT : Now we can't ring in a new year, the Mayans were right!
The Chief Keef beat is already poppin'. I can't wait to hear what Kanye does with it.
Wish I were in Chi for this! "From Haggis to Headcheese-The Fall & Rise of Odd Bits” Headcheese=delcious
Home #drunker than drunk
Meleik reviewing business plan for 1st Career Day at a Brooklyn, NY junior high school. May 27, 2011
Sorry , I #dontcare about the chargers vs AZ game but I'll happily #blackout with you!
is now following you. You can now send us a direct message.
Whoa! That's really cool!
I love talking to my brother. He always gives me a positive vibe :)
Checking out three movies tonight, Chronicle, The Devil Inside and The Woman in the Black Window
Lol all these giants haters smh
Listening to the "Who"!!
Sun gets more intense again, make sure you use sunscreen!
Cripple H, Cripple H, Cripple H
heck yeah that's be sweet madden 2015 3D with on the cover.
bummer loss by the Pens
#bestfriendtelepathy . it's bad, Chris.
US Army vet; Watercolor painter; golfer, bowler: MOM!
make sure u follow my magazine
Date night w/ tonight? Yes, please! Predicted #rainstorm will make it even easier to stay inside w/ dinner & movie.
ahh that's the worst, I actually had another one a few days ago
R.I.P. Lisa "Left Eye" Lopez I can't believe its been ten years.
#nowsmoking Cortez Connecticut Torpedo on the course. Another perfect fall day in the DC metro.
Done deal!
You'd have to give a 10 yard head start
Would you live in space if you could never come back to earth?
Oh my gawd I hate you! :P
Just had a 'this could be anywhere' moment down in columbia
Just because you have an opinion and a way to distribute that opinion doesn't mean you're right. ~ Lee Odden
I need a digi003.....That would be dope
Great session with Worked on a r&b & hip hop joint. Loved being back in the lab cooking again with the 'maestro of mayhem'!
I'm here too! Look up, and to the right ;)
i'm well. haven't talked to you in forever, but that's cause i'm never home. might come to the A in the summer though.
he gave me the communist manifesto for my 16th birthday. he said "have you heard of the velvet underground?"
about $4.00 after the Gov't robs you. RT : Have now earned $6.14 for featuring ads on my site.
Congratulations to our lucky winner who received Josh Groban tickets on Today's show! Have fun at the concert!
I had about 2 glorious days that I had cam working then time Warner konked out and I'm back to square one. Damn.
1 they are listed as none profit. 2 they are protected from goverment interference do to freedom of worship.
Bitch if i had it i wudnt give it to u !!!
I love when a compositional breakthrough happens away from the piano, & it works even better in sound & time than it did in my imagination!
RT : VCC says they didn't fill 2 building inspector positions last year bc they didn't have qualified candidates.
Just arrived at the CSI & Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit. YAY!
wow is that u w/ miley?
Digital panel rocked!! So much to cover, too little time!
I can't wait to see him in Oklahoma
#sportingkc Tricky out there. Raining harder, it seems. No injuries, please. Good job #roadron . Hunker down!
The most powerful and purest form of love is found in the relationship with God
Dick Clark being gone means I have to go back to the days of being depressed about my own life on New Year's Eve.
Done! Tom Guffey is sending pages to the printer as we speak, er, tweet.
umm where i stay or nationality??
If you can't admit when you're wrong, you'll never learn from your mistakes.
I realllyyyy hope that u see this! if u do, it'll definitely make my day! I love u Zendaya! :D
that's what my sister says too. I'm not a huge honey fan but I'm willing to try anything. Thanks!
Thanks for the RT sir. -
When you see Tommy Lee Jones doing commercials, you know the entertainment industry is in the shitter.
wait for me. Im bout to come up there!
Only I would have a sleep over the day before school. :)
#CodyJakeUstream #GoldCoastFinest #AubreyCrowne #WelcomeToParadise SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS for being so #Fly :D
Strippers will thrill, drinks will spill, and drugs they heal..
2012 is everyone's year!
YAAY!!! KEEP VOTING!!!
you'll get to 3k though, maybe not by her deadline but you will! :) what's your instagram & I'll follow you :)
BRITISH BIEBER IS GNNSFJKAKFJD
I am writing you out of exasperation. I don't know what to do next. I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
S/O to and for makin the trip this weekend fun and drama free!!:)
#MaraMonday yeah buddy
yea my favorite BTR guy is James and are u making fun of me
Yep, at the printer and expected any day!
yep!! Very good point. Lol
This is just sad
There's nothing like hand drawn animation. Watching Beauty and the Beast.
No good #AprilFools pranks today? Guess I need to venture out from #ghosts and #paranormal more often...
its ok :) maybe later this year i'll make another one :)
Oh okay that's fine and I see Chris Brown is backing you up.
Oh good call. Might have to
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. Alan Watts
All I can think about is PROM! You hear me ? #ah (:
Um did anyone feel that hurricane roll in last night?
#MyDreamFor2012 Is to meet & ! I'm taking with me!:)
I don't see any NBA fucks occupying jack shit.
Shaking like a mofo.
I wonder if guys ever get jealous that girls somehow get away with wearing huge hideous puffy coats that are insanely warm all winter 🔥🎎
Last lil kickers Saturday class for the winter session. New season starts Tuesday. www.internationalindoor.com for details.
Go on, grab your hat and fetch a camera. Go on, film the world before it happens.
I dislike new people.
RT : The natural gas industry commercials Talking about how safe shale Is feels Like a parody commercial from Robocop.
i love ewacks
We fcks wit you my dude.
Come toThe Persian Ghazal: A Conversation with Roger Sedarat, author of “Ghazal Games” 7 pm tonight, SDSU Storm Hall 247 Free to all!
Join us on facebook so you can see the latest styles
“Waffle Wednesday” is alliterative and truthful. HOW CAN YOU ARGUE WITH THAT, TWITTER???
Um yeaaahh. duh!
Just had a fender bender. That was awesome. Hoping the guy doesn't report it to my "auto insurance!"
Editing and homemade buffalo chicken pizza, definitely a good night
Oh we'll take that chance
I'm the creator of Astrid, would love for you to share your thoughts good & bad when you get a chance :)
4/4 if a flock can chase away a predator repeatedly it may decrease the likelihood that that predator will return.
