Selena you are the most important person in my heart and I want you to know that I love you
Americans purchase 58,000,000 pounds of chocolate during Valentine's Day. Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
#WhatIHaveDoneInThePast EAT FIFTY BUTTERFLY CAKES AND BEEN SICK!x
The middle ground between Chanel and early Mötley Crüe.
Powerball winner in RI...perhaps my MIL?
I am arguing! Considering you can tweet me, like my stuff on fb, and comment, but you can't text me back!
Waching law&order suv i love this show...then the new's then to bed...
"How are the academics in the Mars League?" I asked . "Cucumber buttermilk heartflowers!" he replied.
What iPad case would you recommend for use with Kindergarteners?
"We can pickle that!" Love 'Portlandia'!!
Hey everyone The Cosmos is now on twitter! subscibe so you can get salon deals and updates
AlwayzSupportJB Well, at least now we no what she means when she calls someone her ''brother'' #Cougar ;]
Wow* it was just a joke it's never that real but okay.
Haha just of the jersey. I've seen too many creep stalker girls to become one. Just, ew.
Tonight..... sip on crafted cocktails & enjoy live music from Mat Haeffel starting at 9pm!
There's no actual Socialist Party (viable, that is) in American politics, so it's kind of useless 2compare.
You are on fire today. Must be so proud of your guy. Great game! I'm sure you helped, too!
It's terrorism I tell you, TERRORISM
Just ordered "Wings of a Dream" by using the #Titlewave app. Just scan the barcode to add books to lists!!
Invictus is a pretty good film. I really enjoy pretty much all of the movies that Clint Eastwood makes. And of course Morgan freeman
yes I've played that before
Thanks to the Icehouse Tavern for hosting another great show, the ReLICs were great and thanks to Valley Metro for all the free stuff!
... Changed my avatar to Dany. Excited to see her and her dragons tonight!
Dreaming of travel logistics.
I feel bad now cuz we're not making the cake
we met . we talked . we liked . we dated . we committed . i loved . you cheated . we're done . you're deleted♥
Dweck's Mindset is a must-read for anyone in the educ realm RT Dweck says grades create fixed mindset abt self
wish u were champ again
what is this mystical cap you keep talking about..does it have anything to do w lords w no no rings
love uu big baby
So from all the tweets I guess the Pacers won. Can't wait to see all the butthurt Heat fans at school tomorrow.
Fairly brutal 4X10 intervals this evening followed by an amazing vegi red sauce atop spinach spaghetti with
Does it make me gay that I really like Wiz Khalifa's Bing commercial?
Spending the day working on scripts for Unstoppable Comics, more importantly Dragonstorm #2 ans Stormchasers
Recruiting for a #legal #library #assistant for a long-term #temporary opportunity in DC, contact me if you are available and interested!
Malcolm Forbes~ By the time weve made it weve had it.
A lot of new teachers getting on twitter today looking to build their PLN...show them some love!
Sending beautifully spooky and delicious thoughts to for their SXSW showing! Congrats!
We need a last minute opener for our show in West Chicago tonight. Any takers?! :D
haha. Nice! Any luck?
Yoooooooo these mac & cheese bite are so on point!
What changed? The Twitter app seems the same?
.__. I thought of them but those would just depress me.
Hmm..I hear you. I never left either. I love both digital and physical.
you got your popcorn for this game lol
I don't understand why my dad is telling me I needa get a job...like wtf.
thought they was finna grab that one
Goodnight, Twitter. Hope you survive the onslaught. I'll be in bed.
“: I fucking hate for putting me on this "Temple run" game”lol... Your welcome!!!!!!
Love this. "The Earth laughs in flowers." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Time for a roll call -- Name, institution, background, etc
Jut freaked the f out because I thought followed me but I should of realized that won't happen
crazy white boy rappin. #sickflow keep it goin. been a fan since
Get NYS government out of the business of paying poverty wages to home care workers. Pass the MRT!
RT: "50% of Republicans prefer Trump." Says less about Trump than GOP's dire membership.
Wayne is my boy, we did yoga in Maui once good times
!!!!RT : I have no sympathy for dumb ass females.
well the boys are gone so that should help
Okay, calm down. What with your Cavill shirtless pics, and your "I wish I looked like that", and no wait those are my thoughts...
All DAY
Blasting my music while picking up my sia from work and some white people just like to stare haha xDD
<sigh> another face hidden behind the mask of big advertising dictating what beauty is! Another self esteem deflated.
Bring your mom to pinkberry for a free small treat! (Must purchase a Pinkberry of equal or greater value)
"Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we best friends? Are we something in between that? I wish we never fucked and I mean that....
thanks for spreading the news!
knowing really why they deserve to get best down by wildlife
Good Morning.
Joshua Ledet is just freaking awesome!!
I'm laughing so hard right now
Good to know :)
I'm just sayin'
Their choice. They always pick. They like the questions about personal responsibility in it.
Actionscript Edit On Flash | Freelance Jobs
It amazes me how fast a 2 1/2 hour flight goes by when the plane has WiFi. NICE! A no H2O Chai and life w/b perfect
The massive, I mean the massive, is at the fucking mall! Damn its packed!
"Like Crazy" now on DirecTV Cinema-- weekend planned!
No place like VEGAS!! “: good deal! I'm in San Diego from time to time and Vegas never stops callin!”
That is the *very* definition of a fine plan.
Fun coincidence: Rohan family in 2 great new, unrelated historical romances: Anne Stuart's Shameless & Liz Carlyle's The Bride Wore Scarlet.
just happy you found us RT: never heard of you until gave you a name check on Twitter. KY Proud!
In 1995 article, Barr/Tagg called for shift from teaching to learning.
Prom is Next Friday, if you wanna see me & my love off DM me for info:)
I am Mr. CleveLandLantaLa.....S/O to the Crib
damn im hungry...think ill have some spongebob easy mac xD
So sad about Whitney Houston! They are still investigating her death at the hotel! RIP to one of the most talented singers ever!
Success - We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Are any of our Pittsburgh friends going to the Anarbor/Valencia show tonight? A couple of us are so make sure you come say hi!
laying down I have a headache. I'm suppose to be prating for my show I have Tuesday
expect Matthew McConaghey (Misspelled) to show up.
u crack me up...
Your welcome ~Teen Wolf~
Really want some McDonald's:)
wait you want me to sing miley cyrus and kesha?? Haha which songs? :]]]
I don't care what you're after as long as I'm the one. I don't know why you're leaving, you'll miss me when you're gone.
Rain rain & more rain... I'm never gonna get to cut my grass.
It's finally warming up in DC...I've been freezing all week.
I am not sure why people are hating on Hilary's headband I am planning on doing my hair like that tomorrow #bringbackthe90's
I do this shit!
Yeah cus I found Miranda... lol jk... lets get out of here.
biggest issues for new restaurant is dc water and pepco. Leave at least 4 mo timeline
Our team just got back from installing a Cosmic Golf course and a Lazer Frenzy in Australia! Expect pictures soon
Zusi is a starter for the #USMNT scrimmage game against the U23 team. Good sign.
The texans would be stupid not to pick up ogbonnaya...not only a good character guy- the man can play! And he's reppin SJ
Meet em everyday , all seem to be the same . .
We turning up tonight
we will be sure to send those out after the meeting #mwteamtennis meetings
#PhDStudentPanel: libraries can be helpful by providing resources for preliminary exams. i.e previous exams, etc.
will you RT my picture i made for you? it would mean SO MUCH to me if you RT it :) :)
i almost forgot about Jersey shore :(
Monday dinner is linguini w. shrimp and grilled eggplant. Any suggestions?
“: i predict uk football will win 3 games this year and lose to western Kentucky” Bleak.... The bad thing is that you are a fan...
Paul George is the future though..
he made a call saying he knows where the party is tomorrow night and they notified the police to watch the area.
i know what you mean.
Thank you for your support! May we send you a free book? Email me at
Shit is def superior to ps3
Subaru of America, Inc. Reports Best April Sales In Company History - Sacramento Bee
Agenda here is finding best sources of #highered #data for institutional comparisons on outcomes and inputs.
wish I was there
Friends of Narcissus #FON is a citizen support dedicated preservation and interpretation of shipwreck preserve USS Narcissus off Egmont Key
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
"You know what they say about people with big hands? They wear big gloves." Hahaha
Yeah 400 followers! Thank you all :-)
The Band "SUGARLAND" blaming fans for Fair Tragedy. Even if fans were asked to leave they would have staid and demanded Sugarland Anyway
Do the messages say things like" somebody is saying bad things about u" or "i found this pic of u and blah blah blah..."
This shit got me sleepless
soo how abt them baby ass atlanta falcons???? -_-
At 60 Billion, Facebook has a larger photo collection than any other site on the web
Can SharePoint be used as an LMS? Absolutely.
Prepping for intro to the library for intro to CA geography class section 2 of 3. Telling the intriguing story of
you made me learn my lesson not to fall for anyone easily and not to take things for granted.thankyou.
im always #smile -ing because of you !(:
book is better! I'd you we're still the best intern ever I'd let you borrow.
I'm predicting a run on #5HourEnergy #RedBull & #RockStar tonight. #HungerGames at midnight crowd
great game today - on to Buffalo!
Thank you for your support of our military service members, veterans and their families!
m, add some pignoli nuts and you're ready for pesto!
cute hash tags, getting more salty with every reply, love it, you're pretty smart when it comes to sports, ESPN offer you a job yet?
Attending the IFLA Opening Session
you too:) how old are ya?
Gateway, ill be back next year.
That was aridiculous charging call on TRob!
k thanks!
I feel like a little kid, I take a nap like everyday. Lol!
Going 2 get my hair done
RE my #nprnews tweet...I hate to go biopolitics fear-tactic on my twitter but I had one, that stuff is scary! Women need to know the risk
lmao haha what are ya doing tonight??
Peer-to-peer lending - less solidarity than it appears. Some advantages, but continual exclusion of high-risk borrowers.
Board game night w/ friends was the perfect activity for a rainy Sat. eve. Played Puerto Rico for 1st time; look forward to playing again!
HA! I love how that was supposed to be a DM. iphone
Soft Skeletons?
ikr lol i was..like stress from what. fksdfhfhksdfhsdkfhds WAH TO MUCH GOSSIP TO MUCH DRAMA Lol
Just booked my flight for 2012 !! Can't wait to see all my colleagues again #hispz Who else is going???
Gotta be a rebel....
yeah u r ppl keep on tweetin me sayin tht im just tryin to get attencion just like you are
Art & Humanities Month - Visit a library to research a topic that one of your friends is interested in - Celebrate the Humanities everyday!
I love you <3
After 20 years of institutionalized schooling I am finally done!! One week until graduation. Let's live it up for our last hoorah!
JUSTIN!!! I LOVE ALL THE BOYFRIEND TEASERS OMFG HURRY UP
I truly thought I'd have to go in before the other passengers kicked the door down.
Likewise, Jess! Enjoyed it -hope to bump into you again.
It's not too complicated actually, just get a feel for your teamates
Wow! 13 more followers and I'm at 700! Cool!
clef: what you try never to fall off of. bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Oh you crazy kids! :)
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book .........
Women's semifinal line-up: Venus v. Safina and Dementieva v. Serena
new York new york
Jess here. I've been promoted & today is my last day in the library, henceforth all Tweets will be by our new Head Librarian, Sarah!
I like big butts and I cannot lie, you other brothers can't deny
what's up billy moler
That's wussup, I heard they were pretty good
we lived in CO on both sides of the mountains for 30 yrs. when did this happen to your g-ma? Damn girl that just sucks
It's times like these I begin to miss it
It's their idea so we can't let that happen. All anybody wants is to be able to get good care for a price they can afford.
Watching Hannah Montana: The Movie.
Friday observation: 20+ people in line , 1 of them male.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~Christopher Columbus
- Thanks for the message!
Very well rounded! I love a good choir program that covers it all! You are lucky to have that!
thanks for these awesome recommendations!
This dude doesn't see how much we don't care about this
Been working on a new cover by The Script :) hopefully it turns out well!
Grateful for milk. Simple, nutritious and something that doesn't have to taste like chicken.
I know #thebasement better not start act diff now that she verified. End of the day you in the basement.
How is it that me and the girls are inside for the night
I'm ready to cheer you all on! No growing for me, though :)
Bill, isn't this your second time at the WH for stuff like this? Aren't you a regular! Lol
I think this Apple ebook price-fixing lawsuit is absolutely fascinating. I find both sides of the argument equally compelling.
Badgers win here = Badgers Semifinal on tomorrow!
you say prove it, well i definitely will.
its gonna b called straight outta treybrooke lmaooooo
Just a quick tweet to say how much I love #Camtasia tools for developing #e-learning mods.
Example of a sick person
Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year.......I pray its successful and you accomplish all your goals this years........
well i g2g here soon but dont worry il b back on l8ter all my sexy twitter followers if u get bored pop a nut to my ass
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
There are definitely a few jokes here
Yeah, my crockpot is my good friend, too!
Why did all of my saved transformation scenarios disappear over the weekend? Sigh. I can recreate them, but that's a pain.
Thank you so much for the tweet! I really appreciate the link love :)
:Your Welcome!
"her manager, John Taylor"... I didn't know you were a "manager"!
Taylor Swift adds One Night at American Airlines Arena! Less than a mile away, make a night of it & book your stay.
#nascar # californiacostumes #sprintcup Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at n
Right. Well I seem to just be losing lol...
Even when an idol is quiet, one should 'never think his lust is dead, but should labor to give it new wounds every day.' John Owen
You really believe you're going to be the Leader of the Free World, don't you? The mere thought of it is mind-boggling.
If Tigers lose, who takes more heat? Leyland, Prince or Valverde? Not trying to be negative, but a lot to gripe about if it happens
"At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely." - William Somerset Maugham
- Funny hat
Our pleasure! RT : Enjoying the tweet feed live from the #HHAwards. Thanks,
I spy with my little eye...something you could miss if you're not looking closely. Playful details abound in our Maximo Gonzalez show....
scott walker saved my teacher money,
sounds like something I would do & an actor who is serious
I'm the little kid version of you LOL
ok baby!
the thought of touching greasy food always makes me cringe
Not sure why you think conservatives fear the census
WTH! This was the house's opportunity to get Rachel out! Idiots! D*ckriders!
It was intense.
Thanks for the follow.
thank you! :D I'm still working on shaping it more firmer haha ;)
Learn how to use IrfanView, a free photo editor, at Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ 10 a.m. Not for beginners. First come/first served. 12 seats.
I could listen to all day. Speaks a good word!
No YOBI Live show tonight. Repeat. No YOBI Live show tonight. We'll be back next week better than ever though! ;)
ah..it will be alright, maybe we'll get a free flight out of it! Lol
Will he see his shadow? It's not Punxsutawney Phil but we'll be in the a.m.
True colors always show. Self destruction will never change for you if you don't change your ways. It's not rocket science!
as soon as she gets only and if she ever forgets just keep reminding her :') and i have all the messages i need to send
Having an amazing day...working later tho:/
it says I have 0 views
Thanks man. I'm glad you got to see it.
Butter cake!!!!! Yum!!! I can't get my shit together this week. Figuring it out Saturday.
I'm so ready for class to start!!!!! :)
Like I don't know anymore ...I don't wanna give up ..yet I don't wanna keep trying when it seems pointless : /
#theconversation It's rude to comment on what's inside a person-intelligence, spirituality, psyche. Should be same for outside.
The Color Run is sold out!! Damn that was fast :)
Watch for the nesting pair of eagles to return in March 2010. In the meantime enjoy the African Safari Webcam. www.africansafaricam.com
We have two TVs for the Brewer games... and 216 biers... :)
Hopefully special fx will someday fix those Episode 1 reshoots where Ewan is 40 lbs heavier, unshaven, and wearing an obvious orange wig
Welcome home! Game on.
Is there a football game on?
Wish I could HUG them with you :o)!! Follow Back
I feel so proud! I got a 100 on a science project that was worth 2 test grades.. GOODBYE MY 67% AVERAGE IN SCIENCE!
President George W. Bush was one of the worst presidents ever. I vomited a little just seeing him as a trending topic.
good luck. You played great last night
Rex always like Pitoitua's size _ he's 6-foot-8 _ but the D-line is a bit crowded, athough Rex said he liked having many guys there.
Fuck. This game!
do you really want to hurt my feelings?
or maybe that wasn't a drawing for you & I've now confused multiple people. I shouldn't play this game at bedtime.
Malcolm Floyd 43 yard Touchdown!!!!
Thanks. Have a feeling my storage on Zotero is maxed out. Looks like it will just be links from now on.
Gulf Coast comfort food! I'm in. RT:TGIF! That means the Daily Blue Plate Special is Fried Shrimp and onion rings...just $10!
we're talking Michael bay here. He can make anything worse. It'll sell a billion dollars but be horrible.
SEFE still has life!
glad to see you back ☺❕
work work work!
id appluad if i was there
♬ Today in 1967 The Beatles have their 12th U.K. No.1. with "All You Need is Love" ♬
way to long good guys win
DC is going hard with their Nats fandom today. Never actually seen so many Nats fans. Big game against Philly tonight.
So me and brandon were driving down the road and a bird hit the wind shield and i screamed and got laughed at. :(
The directr should work up closely w/ the actrs & then as they get on their feet, get more security, step back & back & leave no foot prints
A dry gewürztraminer, CAO maduro, hot grill, 74 degrees, sunny blue Seattle evening…yes, I'm bragging.
What's up with fios internet this am? Some sites load, most do not. Where can we check for current status??
T Magazine: Timely | Elisa Strozyk, Next Floor
like almost every one else in the story did
just one of those nights....
ah I know they will be amazing!!
*Smiles* I love you.
Cure to a headache.
YAY, so excited to have my very first followers, hope we can chat soon. I am heading up to bed now, maybe on a sunday
I can't believe Tim Dillard is still on a major league roster.
My phones on airplane mode thanks to jake and zeke. #muchbetter ✈
Facebook is the second!
It's MY birthday. Why do I have to treat everyone??
Day 5 of #lilbigshowdown promo tour. TONIGHT in the DC area @ Glen Echo Back Room/Ballroom Annex. 8:30pm. Come get jiggy wit it.
RT : Turn a light on in a dark room- light wins. Higher frequency energy overcomes and transforms lower. Same with people.
I will gladly denounce my "no du rag" policy for the man who lets me wear my Celie twists to bed.
that's west coast right? You have to wait all the way to the morning! That's awesome!
I watch how people react when talking to them so i do not bore them...
...to force a taxi driver to cease speaking by stating in a loud and clear voice, "Can the chatter, bub, I have a hangover."
Really? This shit again??
NEWEST!!! Orginal Belkin Micro Auto Car Charger with Charge Sync Cable for (Verizon Sprint ATT) iPhone 4S 4 + Apple A1265 USB Power Adapter
I hate sugar ... #headache...#grumpy it was gf pizza crust!!!!
Yeah & when im here..shes mine haha they always ignore her & hardley give her human food like the other dogs..
": tonight at Orchestra Hall!! 8pm show. Be there!" // Be Logan Square or be square!
I just feel when you have a problem with someone you should tell them & address the problem so you can help that person out
Yes! RT : Shout out for awesome headshots that are helping me get called in
Thanks for the heads up! I took your advice and changed password, ect.
Amen! Passive aggressive behavior...so last century!
So, Just comfirmed my band's first REAL tour to cali.
#2words Pocket Pole
What is your favorite thing to do on a summer afternoon? (We're almost there).
just put it in writing
Rumors describe Gen. Washington being frustrated at the number of enlistments for signing up for a campaign in 1776.
You're welcome honey, it sure was an adventure!
no problem! Please let me know if you ever need any help in manhattan!
#ItsCuteWhen some says can't sing... You obviously were dropped as a child :P Xx
Ew why is Fri so close to Monday but Monday so far away from Fri...
Follow me(:
Just saw my first White-nosed Coatimundi ever.
I will have some good news to share about the film on Tuesday.
I admire you your so... Dedicated to miley you are an amazing fan & MileyOnline is also amazing cant wait for LOLMovieMay4th
2/2 if you want to chat about it, I'm pretty much always on gchat: berman.alexander647
Congrats. Looking forward to your article and Jack's collection.
High winds throughout Albuquerque: piling clouds atop the granite Sandias, slamming every opened door, throwing a tree into a power-line.
I so so missed my sweet girls this weekend. Good to be home.
my dad won a satellite into main event, can he redeem the ticket for cash at the cage or tournament $?or does he have to play m.e?
“: This is why I love being home. Philly. BYOB. Best friends <3”
listening party today at my truck, Esmerelda, near the corner of Alta/Ocean in SaMo at 2:30. Jason Bentley may be spinning.
Wow - lots of activities in the South Bay today!
#cxo A8: Key takeaway. Bring more cookies.
crazy, right?! They have an agreement with stationary.com. Have you been to papersource?
okay if u say so
Sometimes all you need is 10 seconds of insane courage to change your life.
...wise words, catch the show!
Tucson, you disappoint.
Ah Rod...lace 'em back up my man!!! We're gonna win the only SuperBowl we've ever won without you!!
Lots of dog barky conversations going on in the neighborhood tonight. What are they up to?
We're going to tonite to see the curators of 5x5. Where will you be?
only when it NEEDS to be said bc the person you love doesn't seem to be getting it otherwise!
wummels cruise wife is opening a buisiness, is wummels financing it...haha
Yes, this is my goal too! Just completed a much needed nap. Eating dinner & then it's to the #team569 boards I go!
RIP Donna Summer
Angelina Jolie hitting the #RedCarpet looking boring as always in black... Time to mix it up a little Angie
Youll never know how much i love you.. :/
A customer told us her m-i-l misses oreos the most since being #glutenfree. Prompted us to make some oreo-like sandwich cookies. So good!
it's adorable really.
is online ...~ le thinks of something clever to him.
Late night, great night.
You know we're having an after party downtown right??
I can help you! I have been training! Just did a 5k yesterday! And there's a great Nike app you can get!
Who wake hates doing hw 😞
my dad told me there were blizzards in texas right now so be careful when you go home <3
How would you like to be my sexy ass twitter wife?
thanks Bart. See you soon!
RT I heard they wanted to do an Asian version of Drive but there's already a movie called Crash.
At Fantabuloso, so far its a good show (:
PS- was in your complex yesterday for an audition- love the image of Buddah on the door: immediate Zen :)
Thank you for #FF!
Broke the barrier this am on my morning weigh scale may need new battery
#KING Louis tonight
Just starting to watch #RHOA reunion 3. Ok. Kim made a mistake. She is in a diff place now.
not really, ill know for sure in like an hour or so
I was just passing thru on my way to Indiana, like you:) Flew into South Bend for a family visit.
Wayne Gretzky, Don Cherry or Sydney Crosby to light the torch...one of them is a given.
Need to trim the fat, but so hard when I'm dealing with Pynchon, Sanders, Mailer, Reed, di Prima, and Burroughs. #totalassaultontheculture!
Chillin with alex
I want to hold you high, and steal your Pain.
Lmao , did u just say 'see u @ Le' Chucks'....I'm rolling down the hall in my chair, these people just don't knw, lol!!
Okay !!! Sorry guys about this horrible conversation with !!!
don't roll! Just press it out into the pan. Much easier.
I wanted to. I also wanted to ask him about the second wildcards. But they stopped questions before they got to me.
Eventually people stop giving a fuck...Even if you never expect it.
Thx !! Be sure to follow as well. Miss you! can't wait to have you and in class. Xoxo
This lady told me I should be a hand model :x
Hello, my name is Artlupie. It's been eleven days since my last tweet. I feel confident I can stay clean. Oh, shit.
I really cant explain it, but I like you without trying. I love the things you say, and how you never fail to make me smile(: <3
??? K made my night awesome!
haha, yeah right. I'm back on top of my game. Strawberry daquri in my hand. I don't mess around! Lol
A man should let his woman get hers 'fore he gets his
#Veep is full of hilarious lines. So good. Which means it'll probably get cancelled.
Im like fangirling over my fans right now i love you all so much.
The Drexel Xi chapter of Pi Tau Sigma won Outstanding Chapter Performance and Outstanding Chapter!
As you stare at me from heaven i know you still have a part of me that no one else ever will...why did you have to leave...and not take me?
So glad my puppies are on the mend.
It's a great day in
TL is dead, ✌
i'm a dummy!
LoL, I think you may be right. I changed it from "up" to "down", but since it's West, perhaps "over" is better
very nice all you guys look beautiful ;) wow
Arts on Main is hosting an Art Gala on Tuesday, Jan 11th! Let me know if you would like to come or help set up
This FL/Marq game is fantastic! That dunk by Prather was even better!
A wise girl kisses, but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
Bought Matryoshka key chain for $1.99.Worth every penny!
Im home worst part of being home is i left my bookbag on the fuckin bus -___- now i have to go chase the fuckin bus down!!!
I hope my return comes today too!
I'm in love with you.
The personal values managers reported being the most under pressure to compromise to do their jobs successfully: 1. Family 2. Integrity.
Need help with your last-minute shopping? How about an autographed book for $10 or less? Or the Kindle, Nook, iPad, iPhone eBook version …
Is Austin going to re-put up all those fan posters in his new room in Miami...
USA threatening in the final minute!
Join us for a very special Survivor Talk with Sobibor survivor Thomas Blatt, Oct. 23 at 2pm at the
There are women in tech, we just don't get out much because we're busy coding up our products
i had the worst day today ..
Bryce Harper is looking like the real deal.
I didn't know until just now that you can STILL "poke" people on Facebook.
Thanks for the follow! We love authors and poets of all kinds. :)
Follow the speakers for these panels: Sports- Journalism-
Made it home safely.Ronnie Scott's was a blast!And so was Morocco and Mallorca.Great audiences everywhere!La vita e' bella.
much appreciation for the support of the Sea Things x Squadda collabos ... wonderin -- did you catch my remix of 72 Bus Stop?
I don't think they "get" the awesomeness that is Toms shoes...
look at all my tweets u will find 1 tht says tht
hot as shit.. Nice in the morning though
you got that shit don't even worry about it
But those are your people! I'm surprised he didn't ask you why your company needs a public API...
How will your Monday go? It's all in how you make it. Tell yourself you're going to have a good day& u will! #TheTamTeam xox
got a day off during spring book? Impressed. I can play LF compared to Ibanez & Jones
GOT MY PHONE CHARGED AND READY! MWAHAHAHAHAHA
And, as I kill houseplants, I rarely tweet about them! Not much to say except: yep, still dead. Repeatedly.
Still waiting #gimmecandy RT Me: "We haven't g-chatted all day." : "I know. Do you have any candy?"
Yay, thanks! Truly appreciate it.
Shakespeare was a rush and such an amazing experience. Now off to Grad Plays rehearsals!! Uncommon Women and Others. :)
What happened to the hot weather! ?
hey Austin, guess what?!!?!
Its was so great seeing you last night amazing show!
“: just killed another mouse! thats 3 in one day! how many are here?! :s” <<<It's a Mouse Massacre! 😱🐭🔫
dad is worried he'll be bored, and mom has health issues. But I'm workin' on 'em. Lol
So there's this kid, he's legitimately the cutest guy in my school.
#iWouldHaveCalledBut but i was busy #TeaBagging while drew out lines of blow on her back
Idea for my new mark/identity! Time to explore
Just met the intern. Is it really that time of year already?
love the pic you sent us!!! :) you know we have posters at our online store right?
Just started GoT Season 1 last night. I've been thinking about it all day.
performance tonight (:
dance moms marathon! (::
LOU CAN YOU RAP WITH ZAYN!?
That's awesome that there's a festival for saws! Is there a cost for the festival/workshop? Might have to check it out next year:)
We're extracting/updating the transportation layer in OSM. Could we use Benny's shp?
do you know why men name their johnsons? Wouldn't you want to be on first name basis with someone who makes all your decisions?
Hey #TeaParty folks: #DC Metro = socialized transportation. You might just want to walk!
I don't think do oh ya it has to pick up the pencil from a meter away I can help you sometime this week
In honor of #CincoDeMayo this weekend why not try our Loco Coco? Strawberry ice cream with coconut and cayenne pepper
I deffinitly got u I been sick as fuck past 2weeks but a lot better now.
I def learned that in terms of music. O_o
I'm hungry someone bring me some food!!! This hospital sucks :/
It's been an honor to work with the faculty, students and staff! The highlight of my time at #ucla so far.
Gay peeps: Be proud of who you are.
God. Im so tired. And sick. First im hot and now im freezing.!
#ThanksgivingParade I don't care that the SMURFS Blu-Ray at $25 comes out next month. More balloons, less product placement, deal? :-)
hey you. yes u . reading this tweet. ur beautiful and dont let anyone tell u different :)
I figured you still hated him. nothing major
I remember this by thinking of e.g. as "example given." RT i.e. = "by this I mean." e.g. = "such as the following."
Ha! Thanks very much :) See you soon.
aw I feel special now:)
in class now. They are excited that you are interested. And a little nervous.
I wanna get snake bites or spider bites lol xD
Freaked out by the music in J.Crew. A little too generationally specific.
I need to get in on that.
Thank You my sentiments exactly !
Shia LaBeouf's best role was in the Disney movie Tru Confessions
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rebel - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
Did I fix it?? Sorry, I'm still working on this blogging thing :)
Want your mom to win a makeover?! Watch this space for deets from , & Major prizes, major pampering!
SOX: Another great game from the #RedSox in support of Felix Doubront (6 IP, 3 H, ER). Second straight win over #Indians by 4-1 score.
workin' on this dream..you been okay?
that really sucks hope he`s well
RT : Hermann Snellen (1834 – 1908) developed the universally used eye chart to determine a person's visual acuity.
I dub June the month of Latino Art in Austin!
Hi Nate, you'll need to make sure this is approved by before you can book. Thanks so much!
Great show with tonight. Thanks for getting us in!
I'm Norm and is Cliff at Jay's tonight.
thought I was working a 3 hour shift. Turns out it was 5 hours.
Hit "LIKE" if you really could use a longer weekend.
Checking out for the nite, Have a full day mañana, Peace and sweet dreams
Bacon jumped the shark when Denny's started putting it on sundaes
FOLLOW BACK? <3
Thanks Tim! RT : Sounds promising: Hypothes.is, new nonprofit open-source platform taking peer review to the Internet
that's right mr. swaggerific
All I want to know is where I am living and who I am living with 100%! Less than a month now...
Hologram athletes? Where does the madness stop!
damm girl u r fine m!
RT : Eating healthy is great but if you aren't sweating, in the gym, walking, running, doing cardio/yoga, you'll be defeated.
hey did hear one of your guests around 8:30am mention something about a deal with DirecTV getting done? Could this be Comcast?
Have questions for any of the bands on Warped? Let me know!!
haha you practically already have senioritis
MKG is filthy
I had one..its in collections but its only about $200 or so. I just haven't had the money to spare.
Thinking about how much we don't know about our own planet and the universe makes my head hurt.
I found the smoking section of the gym..I'm developing asthma from the 2nd hand smoke coming off the baby phat valour jumpsuits around me
negative...been here for about 7 years. I love the Rapids and I am also a Rockies fan.
Lolol you had forgotten to mention me in that tweet. :3
Why is the Food Channel always on when I'm working out 😡
Its 3:30...Jagr is suppose to announce his decision
No one open any links on my twitter feed for a while till I figure out how to get rid of the twacker
You cannot talk people out of grief, there are no words that can help someone who is traumatized.
Changing my business name to Austin Windshields. progress is awesome.
I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV. Guest starring on #PrivatePractice Thursday, 10pm with
The best way out is through. -Robert Frost
hello love :D
Gotta check out sparkfun.com
Next time you visit (or I'm in NYC) we must have an extended coffee-talk session. Lots of crossover in projects.
"Don't teach a man to fish, teach him how to grow more leafy vegetables!" -Alok Appadurai
An assistantship has opened up with MU Athletics! If you didn't see the email, you can email for more info!
yeah omgg do that.
What are One Directions twitter names??
Hi, I'm new to twitter. Come say hello...
Back to Madison, Back to work. Spring Break goes by way too fast!
Just had a great conversation with Boerne HS head coach, Kimble McHone. Super nice man & class act. His dad is Mo, CBA coaching legend.
“: Lol the resemblance is crazy. Ima start callin u lisa instead of shaki” lol no
Looking fwd to Safe. I love Jason Statham action films. :-)
Coming on the residential side is faux stone and tile looks!!!
"All you do is sit on that computer" LIES!! I sit on the chair ;)
ATTN: Employers and HR professionals: To recruit at the job fair or to get more info, email Kendra Oates at .
um, maybe it is waking up at 330?
lmao! it's a video
RT : Hahahaha! That it does, but you've helped make my day brighter! Thank you!
Seen it Nice call!
it's like a wrapped box, I just wanna know what's inside :P
Follow Me 2 the SHOP!
No - the whole store looked similar. The freezer was working just fine - everything in there was frozen. Not unusual for P St.
sweet. im doing great man, cant complain. Ill stop by for a couple drinks .
FOR THE RECORD, YOU'RE ALL ON NOTICE...JUST SAYIN
Tired of crying
When things don't work as planned <<<
these photos are ridiculously good!!! 😍😍😍😍
The #opposition runs around in #Syria #murdering for the #media & yelling #AllahuAkbar but theyre going straight to
just started working on the Tchaikovsky Piano Concerto No. 1
oh, I really like her dress in that first one. and the belt. not so much the product placement in that tweet
Finally a holiday just for me..
I wonder if #oomf still hates me??
Good Morrow Marti... Have A Wonderful Day
When certain events happen, everything becomes more clear.
Shit was wild! I was wanting to run the red light! And I saw car behind me looking around too like WTF?! Thank god the light turned green!
I think they should take Stephen Hill instead of Jeffery, then the center, then Janoris Jenkins, the CB from N. Alabama.
yess it's gonna be great
no, no, no just no. I can't. Sophie can't be gone, let's all pray that she's okay. oh.my.god
Paul Ryan, Sarah Palin, Mike Pence,etc...someone please jump in this race!
Some people pump themselves up for a workout with a good song..I prefer pictures of fat people eating
I know! Yes, anyone but NK.
Glad to be of service!
Country Natural Beef Ranchers will be here soon. Stop on by and say Hi! Also try a sample of our new 1/4 pound hot dog.
"You have forced Fireworks to quit." Au contraire, Fireworks: you forced yourself to quit. cc
No, would love to, but I am tied up here in Vegas this weekend.
Thanks Alisha. and = essential services!
-Oh! Hell yeah! :D
...good to know. I should probably let know a may be a BIT late....
I wear ties.
no i dont know how to. where have you been i miss you!
and finally Black Sunday.
you look like a monkey in your picture
margaritas who!!!!!!
thanks for the shoutout!
Gonna fall asleep with the simple plan pandora on lmao xD Goodnight :)
Caller Arlene in #CA52 says she's "never been more proud to be a Democrat as she is today" and that "we need in Congress!"
Yep, Friday works for me. And how the hell do you get service up there? Every time I'm up there it's like the stone ages. :)
#change is in the hAIR
I should huh is creepy! 0:
I blame America for this coffee addition. America. No. Bad country. No.
#letmetellyou , Please walk as close to the street as possible! #notkidding ;)
Best Buy...words with friends...HILARIOUS
Damn what an incredible ending to this man city vs OPR game geez this is nuts
dreams never come true
Thats some good reporting RT : Overheard in the media room at Miller Park: "The home plate umpire forgot his cup."
When your career hands you lemons...from Lora Kloth, research librarian at Credit Union National Association in Madison....
Looking forward to getting the papers and getting discount cards for Bring Hollywood Home
I actually NEED a small, super bright LED flashlight.
okay im mad
I'm ready to go man .
Maryland OKs Direct Wine Shipping - Governor to sign bill May 10
Building AC is out for the third time in 2 weeks. Heading out to work from home.
They (county, schools, etc) need to sit down w City and work out a solution that makes long term sense and everyone is a winner
#thatmoment I just want to tell someone to shut the Fuck up because I DONT want to talk to them.
saw a great pic of you and a Reese's Cup mascot. Okay, so you looked great - the mascot? a lil creepy... :)
what i need is you right by my side.
glad somebody caught that
Great, yet another awesome service will likely be shut down and turned into part of FB: Instagram.
Then may you be overwhelmed by the fact that this God loves you enough to give everything for you.
its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs las Vegas for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Show the message to get in free
When you hit someone bec. of distracted driving, it should come w/ jail time.
Top brands in July for prime-time TV integration? Under Armour, AT&T, Nike, and Chevrolet. Surprised Apple isn't in that group. (via )
No matter what your situation is the Lord will work it out! Keep praying!
Have you heard of ? It would make a great story for the paper. We just sent you an email. Have a great day!
Lakers looking solid tonight
Cupcake Wars!(: My favorite.
We will be in Milwaukee on Jan 20th at Red Rock Saloon on Water Street!
I AM AN UPCOMING MUSIC PRODUCER AND A STUDENT AT THE LOS ANGELES RECORDING SCHOOL.
you are now followed by me!:D
can everyone please comment, and subscribe my youtube channel? my username is; KelseyLuvsYou397
Ok, I'm up already, so there!
oh, you win! I've spent it on the couch.
I have lost the will to tweet...there's just nothing exciting going on. School...work....etc...
Hey it could happen. #exorcismsdaily Baha
House of Truth Nomination ceremony tonight. Get excited! Aint we women?
Tip for blogging: Research. Read what other bloggers in your industry are writing about, check out your competition and stay current.
listening now to webinar. great info about marketing plans, costing, & editing your line!
NAW NOT REALLY, I ASK DEE TO HOLLA ATCHA FOR ME, BUT HE GAVE ME INFO THAT I DIDN'T KNO BOUT... MY FAULT.. I STILL NEED HELP
Oh man is knocking it out of the park this evening
#CUAEF RT : #Africa must combat corruption and condemn other countries that do not uphold democratic values!
Remember what you do everyday counts!
Just go home from my J.O.B drank two enhanced cups of coffee at work. WOW who will want to join me next here in Hawaii?
Oscar Wilde was the original Lady Gaga
IT WAS SO GREAT.
Everyone lives a fucked up life, but there's others who have it worst.
actually I'm right down the street from Le Moyne lol
RT “: Working out is more difficult at night & in the morning. Just sayin! Always difficult.”//Even harder while holding a donut!
Getting ready for my performance at Luther's Table Gala Dinner and Fundraiser in Renton, WA. I love this life.
#Maddow meetups = awesome! Had fun with today :D
dammit, gotta waste the time
Riesling showdown: germany vs france vs austria vs my ringer: tasmania!
follow me cause your awesome!!!!! And cause I love you!!!
Back at work after #mcn2011 and realizing what a cool group of people I met. You all are the best! Missing the comradery already!
At #hispz12 film screening in little havana. Viva independent #film!
#Linsanity to #NBA=K.Warner to #NFL. Only diff: Warner had to win a SB for nat'l media to notice. Lin just had to win 2 games for a NY team.
So excited for Sunday!! #KUWTK #finally :)
INT. NIGHT - DIVE BAR. A man sits in a dark booth. Drinking. He has the crazy-eyes. He has been solving a problem. #howsthewritinggoing?
You are great On the celebrity apprentice
is lost without #Uconn to tweet about. Oh wait, I just did. #Huskynation =
I'm pretty confident I could find out anything about someone on the internet. That's how excellent my creeping skills are
h so apparently a new iphone is coming out tomorrow? #of course
still there?
stalkers mean ur famous! Can I get ur autograph?? Haha
ooh! i can't wait to see the wildcard option!
have no idea :P BAHAHAHA(: but i love
Congrats to UT alumnus Rich Middlemas on his Oscar win for Best Documentary! He produced the documentary "Undefeated."
Awesome, isn't it?
slutty boy gang
Evening Reception,Minister of Arts&Culture from the #Republic of South Africa. Friday, March 23,2012 :30pm,Carnegie Building,Howard...
How to get black people to not take wisconsin seriousley- make a song called "teach me how to bucky." ...Oh....Wait...
Glad we could help. Thanks!
Like ping pong!? You can play while you wait at Snooze Hillcrest!!
Ugh mornings
---dude. thanks again for stopping by on sunday. hope all is well.
Cant wait when MB make new songs!! been waiting for a long time!
Oh good. is doing a phish concert at home. I'm running away to 's place.
Congratulations 2012 SKINS Writers.1st workshop is tomorrow! thanks to the supporters
I've got 4 boys; they isn't a single Air Hog they don't luv! RT : Which Air Hogs vehicle is your all time favorite?
Clearly, because they thinking buying congress is cheaper than paying their taxes. Sadly, they're probably right.
But as for me and my house, we will rock the command line.
I'm so sick of this.
so true you evil sithlord
party like rockstars, gents!
and thank yu 4 the support
Tomorrow is a brand new day to get shit done.
hell yeah, i'm ready to get my first one.
Um, I'm loving how Laura Linney is dishing on Downton Abbey before the PBS airings.
I want to just lay here and pretend nothing happened, but that shows I'm still hurting and i'm not letting you win this one bitch.
I am trying to understand the budget needs of CFSA.
got stolen at walmart
of course they did they never look out for rodgers but if it was favre or brady there bitch asses wouldve got it
After much due diligence I have chosen Union Rags, if you don't know what I'm talking about please educate yourself.
I may walk next door and check... if i see em taped to the wall i will take a picture and post it! :)
1 day before my last #hyperlib assignment is due (aka my last library school assignment EVAR), and I get the Blue Screen of Death. Seriously
I'll take my share, don't mind not a selfish twart here.
Dick Armey tells that he fears #Gingrich has turned 2nd class campaign into a 1st class vendetta.
Senge - business is about making profit but not its reason for being; purpose is greater than making money
Haha. #orioles went with a prerecorded organ version of the Anthem. Minor league ball at its finest.
How many pennys that you have in your pockets or purse with your date of birth check now and start saving retweet
Thank you to all our new followers! New and exciting updates coming soon! The anthology horror film lives!
yeah cause he's acting like you just a liddo worse.:o
Happy Halloween (:
"We are with the #Syrian people in their struggle for freedom" -Aung San Suu Kyi
Faygo is hiring at its Detroit plant: $12/hour, 40 hours/week plus overtime, AND all the Rock 'n' Rye you can manhandle? Career change time?
#middlefingerup to the
MT : If you have 1,000,000 FB likes, fine. But, what's the ROI of the work you did to get there? = my #book2 q
I see !!! Congratulations! I love you!
No cuz they don't want us to pass out too many due to "limited supplies". I just ask if they want to reg to vote, or if they moved.
My hurricane advice for dc folks. Don't park near trees. I saw cars squashed when isabelle came through.
Anyone for a drink-a-doodle-doo?
I had a great time
next time you're hacked just try changing your password first. Sometimes that does the trick...it's a hassle though.
roger that!!
Get yo Ink Game Right
nothin much just been working. What's good wit ya!!
omg oIM SOO HAPPY FOR YOU (: tweet me a picture :)
I need something exciting to do today!
Does a Talk Shoe Live icon pop up before the show? I assume I click to access.
Thank you!
How do you like backblaze?
ah. Sorry i miss that. Got some reporting code to fix. But I will definitely be at TEDxSJCA and would love to meet the curator
Its losing the ones that you know you should have won that hurt the most. Makes you ? Everything frm how u pract. to how u gm plan.
Primaforce Syneburn, 10 mgs per cap. Bottle says take 1 1-3 times daily. It just sounded so low, that's why I wanted ur opinion
Cheap Golf Carts Become Available At Golfers Advice Ltd. Cheap golf carts become available at Golfers advice Ltd. The new range of stock
Which method of the police operational strategies is the most effective?
The secret of golf: Use your real swing to take the big divot, use your practice swing to make the shot, and always hit the do-over first.
Thanks to the new Granite City Brewery in Troy for listening.
I can't blame you lol
Romans 10:17 So then faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God
Lol who doesnt love the bieber boy.
Thanks for the photo S/O's. All my snaps are accounted for :)
its Irish, no?“: dolly west's kitchen dir by Need a hard drink after this bus ride#LAthtr”
cant wait for that.. i am going to go crazy when i here the new you (mature you)
I wish I had a friend in real life that was obsessed with JB as much as I am, and had a twieber too :c
RT if you actually enjoy reading our tweets
I got it and forwarded it to Patrick
don't forget your prune juice old man
Very Pregnant Jessica Simpson Rocks Sky-High Spiked Heels Über pregnant? No problem, because these heels were made for walking, honey. De
omg they sexy but they cut off right know so yeah they cute
Obviously this isn't your first rodeo. Hope to see you guys at our shindig tomorrow night!
yikes, that's a doozy.
ha no kiddin. We need to set up a time to Skype
So glad to see this written up. We loved it!
dear , please get your shit together. you're putting a major kink in my to-do list here.
does your inspiration come from Brick?
Love them< 3 they look amazing on you < 3
Awesome balcony! Ocean Drive?
Michelle is at Bunco. I'm convinced "Bunco" is code word for Wine
hahahaha heck no!
I know I can't save the world. But I sure as hell am going to try.
It's a rainy weekend in the "ATL" and I am on I-285 doing only 35mph with the rest of these slow drivers. I think they need some Xtamina ...
abouta go to pinkberry with my cousins and bro <3
But i mean , it is what it is
Thanks Alexandra for the support! Yes, keep listening to us, lol.
What's up with the whole spoon full of cinnamon...
I love to watch movies. Especially,when im in bed, snuggled up with my stuffed animals. Have you seen the new lion king movie? :)
And I love how one is just biting the other one. Feisty.
I going on the bus when it's raining , wet and gross
I notice random things on my timeline. Sometimes hard to keep up with it all. Enjoyed reading it. Sleep well
there is an open seat for you at the bar right now at :]
What is the ghetto bird Looking for in my son's nursery?
like I said, not taking sides... Was just providing opinion that a follow sounds appropriate
*hugs* thanks!!
When a relationship fails, it’s both their fault. One for giving up and walking away. The other for not stopping them.
*slurks with humans toward English by Foreign Languages*
check yo inbox
Wait for it... wait... here it comes... SPIRIT FINGERS!
good for you!!!
You break my heart every time we say goodnight...
can you buy you're self tanner st tr at local drug store where? Also never heard of bra brand where can you get those thx
"The ball is tipped and there you are, you're running for your life, you're a shooting star"
Watching Drake and Josh.I missed that show
THREE MORE AMAZING ICONIACZ FOLLOW AND I'LL DM MIKEY AND VINNY FOR YOU! :D
Hi That's indeed very nice! Do you integrate technology in your classroom?
Thanks for following!
Big ups to my tweeples for following me throughout this tourney! Thanks!
LADIES IF YOU LOVE FOOD YOU BETTER KNOW HOW TO COOK! Top Ramen and basic spaghetti with jar sauce doesn't count
Every sports outlet is going in on Lebron... If u r a Miami hater I would suggest u let the giant sleep. Let's Go Heat!!!
call me bruh!!
Shout out to my NF. She is a dime! ;D
just leaving.
At the doc
sure! How are you? I think about you all the time. How is motherhood? We should get coffee soon!
Seattle bound for the day with !
TWO MULES FOR SISTER SARA tries to make up for PAINT YOUR WAGON by going back to the Leone well, including a flute-heavy Morricone score.
Who up
Let's get this trending #UWWGTB September 13.
One word;
Give me some of those followers please? Shutout!!
true that I forgot twitter was alive
Sunny San Diego and it's freezing!
it's clearly east liberty....but my money is on it ending up as the new "east side"....
RT : #sloancres turning over to Kay Shattuck, Quality Matters program
Oh yum. That sounds so good right now.
Mary Kay & Seventeen magazine have teamed up to visit US college campuses to let co-ed women know about our fantastic products
I know!! I was thinking about them earlier and how much I missed them then I was unpacking and felt something in my coat!!
It would mean the world to me if would reply to at least one of my tweets. I LOVE HIM!
Love coming up with a biz idea that everyone you run it by can't find glaring flaws in....
I miss underground parking
Trying to compose a tweet about the silent conversation/sitcom moment I just had with and , but no words do it justice.
I see from your #birdclass tweets that you're still using Twitter in class. I'm going to mention it in a talk Wed.
I really don't feel like getting ready...
So the straight guy that I thought could be gay and am obsessed with was making out with his GF, like I heard kissy noises and all
FRESHMAN.. & U?
Game over, Facebook. Game over.
I will :) !! You too happy holiday !! Love you !
#AAS3rdcentury Because historians don't, by and large, care about specific texts & textual diffs?
Thanks for the meeting today! Always awesome to hang with Michigan entrepreneurs.
Every time a guy gets picked I feel like I'm watching the start of Chris Rock Bring the Pain.
have you met Bourbon_Turban_Jeff you two would get along
i meant fat old man
love follow fridays!
6:00am Saturday morning & I'm wide awake?? I guess that means it's time to do some work...
Visit Us Today 11am-3pm to taste & purchase chocolate. They handcraft exquisite chocolate products with natural ingredients.
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I wish I could tell you how I really feel. Ill just posted on twitter and hope you realize its about you
yes omgomg want
Finally caught a bus but it was so crowded I had to stand in the stairwell.
Why does that dude have a beast mode sign? Is Lynch there?
Drama comes in many forms, ask misery.
VONA (Vikings Of The North Atlantic) star and left gaurd for the New York Giants is starting tonight. Tune in.
Awesome awesome time spring snowboarding. Good bye Wintergreen, see you next year!
Shutter island ❤
"From what we know, planes and geese don't mix" -a Fox 5 reporter on a JetBlue plane hitting two geese today
These Boys Supa Weak !!!
And...SLP IS FINISHED!!!
Happy Easter! I hope everyone is having a great day! :-)
FYI..Children's passports are valid for 5 years. So, when it expires you need to apply for a new child (minor's) passport.
was so tired at school today, only got 3 hrs of sleep, so glad its over and i can make up some z,s tomorrow
Then get one! We'll hook you up with some free ones soon!
If you want to prove anything, prove that you're professional.
Thanks for the RT !
Very, VERY excited about the pressed base that I just got! It's superb. Thanks and !!!
Haha. Comfy old shoes and brunch at noon. There are lots or great food happy hours here. Props to #Seattle for that one!
haha people on there take way too much way too seriously
Congratulations to and Shefali on the birth of their daughter!
thank you, large accomplishment!
annoyed of those LIKE IF Pictures I don't be liking shit How the fuck is a like on social network called Facebook Gonna help the situation
Im so pissed off right now.
I need some more tats
Lee just transformed me into a pile o rubber 1st work out I hope I can move later!
Trivia night with all the best friends from back home!
says the kid who cried about his foot.
You expected they'd be talking about all the hookers and blow they did last night, instead? ;-)
Now that Austin follows I hope he saids me spam mail and I see it on my DMs(: <3
#youwerecooluntil i gave you both of my helping hands and you chopped both of them off.
sorry I posted an Rt I thought was your tweet. My bad
And then there were two! Congratulations to 's Wolfie Jr. and ' Buzz for making it to the final round!
The University of Texas has stood strong since 1883. It'd be nice if MLK Blvd. wasn't the DMZ line.
no someone stole my awesome and have had forever shirt from awe
Houston and all of your friends here misses you! Please talk to them and let me know!
We've narrowed it down to BaseCamp vs Lean-To #projectmanagementsftware. Anyone want to tell me one is incredibly better than the other?
Broxton says sit the fuck down #Rangers!
I'm bout to lol
That was a long meet and now I'm off to go get me a cup of coffee~BAMM.
I'm making my first trip to Chicago soon. Ever been?
I guess
Dear espn, no one cares about #tebow or #sanchez. They both suck. Stop talking about them.
true bro but he's gonna have to score more in next round
true enough, but they lost some swagger. Temple wasn't even in the top 25.
It's #writingsprint time. GO! GO! GO! See you in 60min!
Tonight the President will call on #Congress to make permanent my American Opportunity Tax Credit for $10K and 4 yrs of college
#JerseyBoys Lookin and Sounding Great at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway
cotton candy. yum
still have a brand new external iphone battery for ya if you want it. i can drop it off wherever!
trash bag + grocery store = win?
I think tre might still be salt. Psychological trauma of lil bros beast session on him...he might not recover.
Thanks for the #FF ! And thanks for reminding me that it's Friday. WhooHoo!
Ate a *delicious* pork chop at 12th Av Grill in Honolulu. Feeling sleepy--I thought it was the pork & then remembered it's 4:25am in NYC!
Yes sir its bomb im in the best shape of my life! RT : you still doing insanity? I'm thinking about doing it.
Email us. Yes
You're a woman you're meant to choose not be chosen
Doug Collins at the podium.
We love the even thought the hard times.
Enough is enough. Time to bring my "A" game! BEASTMODE on CHEST, SHOULDERS & TRICEPS today.
Damn! Hook a brother up!!
Edited all day on a tutorial for new researchers on identifying sources. I love it. I can't wait for it to be published.
wish I was at show tonight...
knock him out
How's your little patient? aka the Queen lol
#RISE above it!
We're updating the app for iPad. Any specific feature requests?
Thanks, Jack!
lol I was gonna say. I'm pretty sure I parked next to #FTT's vehicle
NWST: breaks down what to do with struggling #Mariners and on #Seahawks Draft and QB situation. 930 11pm KONG
Denverites! Judy Hale is presenting tonight on professional credentials, certifications & more. Which ones benefit you? www.ISPI-FRC.org
RT If we’re all publishing content, who’s reading it? simplyzesty.com/social-media/i… via
Hey I would futs wit it!!!
Just consumed 980 calories in Somoa #girlscoutcookies. Crap! (Yet, so delicious!)
You should find a good fish fry we can hit up on Friday
Alphabetical indexes are the exceptions to the topical section rule
Nothing worse than the "butt in""I gotta go" girl
They are amazing! :)RT : The way my family just accepts him is SO great. I think they might even love him.
People took Advantage of Mike..It wasnt right
Today I'm paying my respect to all the women if I see you tomorrow you will receive a hug from me *HAPPY MOTHERS DAY* to you all
Next post: Jintetsu Versus Must Pro #sc2 Video #protoss Vs
I used to be a goodboy, now i'm normal.
Ugh. Foggy, humid and 65 here now. Storms a-brewin'. (I'm in Dunkirk now apparently - LOL)
Dean Smith...and at least when asked about Belichek, Revis didn't say cheater...but should've...
Meet me in the park chasing dandelions... no, really
I'm the manager at my job know and I'm single lol
Vikings are scrambling to find a QB to play this weekend. If you have any fantasy players from Minn. it could be a tuff weekend.
I agree...that man was on that canoli like I dont even know
Dang my sis is always taking pics of herself
Finally got the fight on! Grr dumb directv!
Haha I understand. I'm not at home now, but I can make you a copy of One Night With You.
I'm glad Robert had his scope. As it turned out, he didn't have cancer but they did find a manuscript I had misplaced last year. :)
For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine
Finally back in Vegas!!!
im not mad at you. we just never talk. lets talk. now. since your here. i like your name too.
tell me what is wrong?
RT Plz dont ask ppl U dont know to give U a referral on #in. U should only ask ppl who can legitimately endorse U
HAPPY SWEET 16 AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!!!!!!!!
I ask because you linked me to your agency.
Thankful for who is at the store getting what I need for a quick trip to Atlanta in the morning...
RT ": Kevin Durant is good." //you're just NOW realizing this? Where u folks been?
I didn't know you play for the Hornets! :)
yall are so sweet,yall are giving me a tooth ache(;....
Proud of UofL...Now we're only a UK win away from 1 of the biggest sports weeks in this great state's history.
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio on Drivetime with Mac & Doog this afternoon at 4:20 p.m. MT
Who's in Weston?
Safe travels!
Let's hang out soon? I want to possibly have some friends over and play old school sega whilst wearing sombreros.
Are you a Chicago member? Section is looking to feature some members in next newsletter. Msg/DM 4 details.
Its all these people with their cotton candy eyes
LOL yeah i know(;
In some cases, redaction fees are having an impact on reporting.
Thank god my man is ok just a little stress sorry love wish I could take all your pain n problems away
~ thanks -ICE!
SO RAD!! I wanna live in your world!!
Boo to bad news! Wish you were here ! Would have loved a lil' chitchat =)
out for his second leg in 3 hours....the pains of running #bourbonchase with 10 people.
thanks for the follow. really solid blog. we will be filming Jax shortly want to team up and do a wine pairing?
I'll buy the shoe's if U come 2 ky!! J/K
How do you like them apples Obama? MT : Matt Damon, Ben Affleck & John Krasinski are hosting a party for our campaign.
Bloomington Aces and Allies will be walking in Circle City Pride, June 9th and would love to coordinate with asexuals at Purdue
Madison Firefighters responding to a fire in the 900 block of John Nolen near Rimrock
Can an "Encino Man" MTV twilight-esque series be far behind?
Working on my next blog!
so u like pretty bum bitchess
It's not so much about multitasking as about good focus with rapid ability to re-prioritize
When people don't mind their own business -_-
yeah. thanks. I thought so too.
Yep! Needs to change! RT : Been too long since I've seen &
Are you lonely ?
Let's go ocho
It's dangerous when u tell ppl to go to a school they can afford. Top univ need to be affordable, period.
When are they gonna start showing new episodes again?
Umm hey Ent Tonight...the Titanic was real! Just saw a commercial for a segment about "The real life titanic" in Italy. People are so stupid
just saw my first vagina with these new glasses - wow.
Yeah I still mess it up plenty, but I love no longer being at work and realizing I will miss a show.
thats because IT IS life
Independent league Worcester Tornadoes signed 47yr old Jose Canseco to a 1yr contract #theresstilltimeforyou Lol.
Leveraging social dimensions of libs themselves. I learn a lot by seeing the sets of objects my students are putting together.
i know right! im good and u?
you're making your own. (we already stole Adrienne Dawes back too :P)
Got a UK UL erupption zone ticket for sale, throwing in the other tickets from the lottery as well.. let me know if youre interested!!
Kingdom Life Fellowship Church meeting this Sunday for the first time at WVSU JAMES C WILSON UNIVERSITY UNION 10:30am!!!
Time to take over with
#WOW! RT : The came back from 27 down to beat the 99-98 on and take a 1-0 series lead.
It's never too late to become what you might have been. -George Elliot
RT : Facial hair is not for everyone. A hairy upper lip certainly isn’t everyone’s cup of tea (or beer, in this case):...
Max greens new album containing With or without you Look on your eyes Whispers of me Your brought this on yourself Last day And some more
Don't make me mad and then tell me to calm down. That's like shooting someone and asking why they're bleeding.
Why are so many fathers proud on prom night? Do they not know that they're daughter is gonna get fucked by some crusty teenage boy later?
"Today we have one goal in mind, how to make the 21st century, the African century" South African Ambassador to Washington D.C.
The customer’s first impression is the most important if you want them to return.
lol what u bringing cookies?
what efforts are underway to combat the sales tax & employee issues for yoga studios? Would like to fight this.
Honesty is the best policy Benjamin Franklin
sorry , I have to..
I need some food stamp connections.
I is in pain...
Spring Season for The Constitutional starts on Thurs. 4/1. Tours will run daily through November. Check www.phillywalk.com for schedule.
are you sure you R at the right place! Sounds like it has another word before hospital!
I hate it when the prettiest people be like "Oh I'm so UGLY!" Like have you seen yourself!? You're freakkin gorgeous!!
lol but sidelines may just get their turn if the main fall off
I think my dad likes more than me
the world needs to know how drawsome you are.
A big thanks to Jackie and all who made it out for the trunk show this past weekend!!
My favorite Beastie has died :(
live-tweeting uva-miami game tonight. #gohoos by which i mean heckling uva & miami fans alike from nosebleed seats.
The perfect end to a perfect day… George Killian and I are getting to know each other watching cruise ships pass Whidbey Island.
what if you arrive in Cinci at 8am? Is skyline chili still your first meal there?
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better. ~Albert Camus
and his song Kyle are performing and they killin
"Networking is not about going to an event; it's about an attitude of engagement." -
"the great flood" by Bill Morrison and Bill Frisell at Zankel hall. Just saw it, it was great.
And yes I realize that's old news. But it's never too late to congratulate someone. (Also I did literally just find out right now.)
nice!! “: IMNYC training begins! Yoga yesterday, swam today, weights and running tomorrow. Long 8 months ahead! #IMNYC”
I might. What time is it?
Baltimore Bocce has made it to Twitter...End of Season party this Friday at Don't Know Tavern,8-11pm. $2.50 bud light and $4 sweet tea!!!
Just in case text bombing her at midnight wasn't enough, I wanna wish a happy birthday!!! Yaaaay adulthood! ;)
lol you ain't missing nothing 😂😭😂😭
Watching the Japan disaster show on Nat Geo.....in absolute shock.
Power outages reported throughout the winter storm warning areas in West Virginia.
already given away about 5 min ago. :(
how about Harvard grads have more money ?
#Fact RT : You can tell a Laker fan their shoes are untied and their default response will still be
Always good to get a jump on a great day for women!
John Raese opens 7% lead in #WVSen. Now leans #GOP in latest BOP.
#POW lol RT #Sagittarius signs are nice until their not... And when their not you need to get out of their way.
I love cheap Target ones. But then I like to rotate, and I tend to either sit on or lose a pair every few months.
i miss Huey and Riley...animated
I'm so sick -_-
follow back please? :]
debating whether I want to go to my 20th reunion. Any help?
The first wealth is health. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can't blame you, especially now. I seen a WFoods in Boston having some hiring event next week in the metro. I might apply
interview part? wtf!? I wasn't there last tuesday -.-
" I miss all my old friends, you know who you are" - my first status since 2011
Stop bustin my peanuts
say its not da truth doe. Cuz wen ppl b quick to say here go threw it. It cuz Dey know nothin n there. Shady but true
Where online can I find the local band listings? I think it's called "Weekend Guide" in print. Been searching.....
hopefully this will b my last link ques. Can u piggy back links from sheet 2 sheet or should they all b linked directly 2 source?
A custom muppet?!?! That is amazing! Did you get one?
jesus motherfucking tits-on-a-cactus christ, we are all so very, very lucky.
I think it may be time to push legislation to outlaw hoodies.
Aight while I wait for this session, let's have some fun... Pro Tools Trivia... Anybody game?
yeah i guess i heard wrong. Not that terrible of a thing, at least B1G should be strong and entertaining again
the beginning of the end for #SOPA was Congresspeople saying "we don't understand the internet, but we're gonna regulate it anyway"
proven to be reliable, affordable and an expert IT solution provider company. We have experinced Mobile application developers in all areas
making t-shirts. gonna sell them, making my own business :)
Most students struggle with defining a good research question that they can address within the scope of the class
BECOME A FAN ON FB @ SLOBBERSNAKS.COM
missing everything. Have to ck when the replay is tomorrow
you were amazing out there today ! :)
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return. ~Antoine De Saint-Exupery
listening to newboyzzz where you at
#AustinInMexico please come to mexico
I like the future
Dan shulman and the Bulldog are solid.
bitches procrastinate. yep. why do i curse on the internet? because i'm a procrastinating bitch that has nothing better to do. YA
Grow Hair Now, thanks for following
DS: lining up to go for it??? I have no fucking clue how i feel about this call. Making me ponder it with that timeout isn't helping LOL.
Every day i read news about that makes me fall more and more in love
When you are working for your self, you need to plan your work and then work your plan. Works everytime.
moving ahead
You are the one that needs to be safe kiddo!!!
("God" let me, __________________________???????????)…
After tonight? One. But it's gonna be a hell of a performance.
Just dropping in to say thanks for the follow. I love to retweet good marketing tips for artists.
puta!!! in a blink of an eye my team lost FUCK!!!!!
I do love my Throat Coat tea!
Your music will thake you somewhere as long as you share it and not with just friends but the world :)
#winning lol. Need me to bring something?
The pictures are beautiful
Curiosity kills the cat. Ouch!
since the USA is poor without many funding sources how about fed sales tax 1-9cents we have tax on gas already... vote!!!
Dropped my phone over the weekend ...the inside of the screen is damaged but not cracked.
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Sander Van Doorn - Riff (Hybrid Heights BTLG Remix)
I wanna go running with my momma. :-) Lbdas.
Miami Heat goes for 18 straight home wins against the Memphis Grizzlies. Miami is favored by 7.5. Tip-off is at 7:30pm on Sun Sports
that you fell for because she was everything you lacked, gave love and inspired people, and because you didn't feel she'd return your favor
Theology! like WTF.
I will take a page from the Elena handbook
You guys know that Feige talked about signing him for two movies already, right?
Wife is drunk off of 2 mixers. I am starting to get a good buzz rolling. 1.5 hours to game time.
nevermind found new schedule - no practice wed
