Wait 30 minutes and reassess. If the condition persists for more than a week, you may be diagnosed with Adulthood.
There are few issues an elegant Burgundy that tastes like freshly picked Michigan cherries can't resolve.
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
It's April Fools' Day but is no joke. He's about to unleash a hot debut album! Follow him/ www.twitter.com/KADEN
Your middle name is "Zoe"? Sweet! So is mine!
Honestly, the commercials are my favorite part of the Super Bowl!
Of course you write! Glad to make your acquaintance.
yeah, the gyroscope + body temp drops during sleep. #scienceFTW!
flashback to high school, viola in hand, anxiously nipping at the heels of the cool kids
When you need to use your tea kettle to de-ice your car it's time to get out of bloody Cleveland!
don't we all.
that movie has great lines....
your blowing up my phone with your confusing tweets.
mom and relaxed today
-- sounds enter the water / on this night / cuckoo #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Why couldn't the alligator send e-mails on his PC?Because it was on old croc.
articles/ quotes of Cal being impressed by Vols grosses me out. I miss his hatred and loathing. That's when we got game. #askbruce&rickp
Ewwww I just saw a crow eating a dead rat on my street
Race to not be the last media outlet to post about Beyonce's Tumblr. Hurry, you might still beat the Times-Picayune!
I just scared the dog off the couch by yelling. Terrible finish.
LOVE a great smelling man....ohweeeee
I followed can I get a shoutout? Or a follow? Please? Yes? Maybe? Lol
Let's call you Ginny-san, master.
Didnt take da hearing test since they already know I would fail it haha but it took an argument with the hearing tester chick
wondering where the fuck is & why I'm not getting a text back.
all I wanna do is sleep
- We are honored to have you on our team!
Where not that far away
What makes you think so ?
Do you remember 1968? Yeah, me neither, so tune into www.rainydawg.org for the next best thing, 11 am to 1 pm
THEY TAKE US EVERYWHERE: Our feet. How do you take good care of your feet?
Be safe and enjoy the 4th everyone!
so...i've got this bloody eye thing still going on.(which will NOT help my social life)...a co-worker told me "thank god youre on the radio"
go for it!
lets get it
Loved my first day at NCSL in Tampa. Look forward to seeing the final draft around Educator Effectiveness.
As long as it's him and not his brother. But yeah, he seems to have some good ideas about emergency prep.
stuck on plane, fav Oscar moments so far?
I've done that. One of the most fascinating weeks I've ever had. Especially with all the post-Speer stuff thrown in.
More content is produced today in 48 hours, than was produced from the beginning of time until 2003....no wonder the kids all have ADD
RBMS video was amazing! You looked beautiful too :)
Crying hysterically because just acknowledged your existence in the world=
Join us for the first Common $ense financial literacy series workshop, tonight at 6:15 in McShain...FREE PIZZA!
I hate people who steal my ideas before I think of them!
headed to Memphis for dance competition ❤👍😊 with
Happy Sunday! Thanks for the follow
The awkward moment when someone is wearing more makeup then clothes. o.0
Actually I believe there are 2 Dunkin Donuts in town. 1 at the airport, and 1 at 7000 West Military.
i got fat and pale. so that means fuck you, and fuck you too
Thank you for following me, I am excited!
scratches ;P Cornering CRASH (lowslide) .
Arrived in North Palm Beach on Friday Had a wonderful time with my son. Saturday morning traveled by car to Ft Lauderdale ..... Booked at t…
ER recipe for US: 1. Raise revenues, control costs, 2. Infrastructure, 3. Energy bill w/renewables, nat gas, conservation, 4. Real Ed bill.
Is that the right Stefani Jones?
Hey everyone this account is new
I wish I could go see Tiesto play at LIV in Miami..
no wonder! ;)
Tommorow is going to be my first day of exposure. Am I ready? Is The Kloset ready? I don't know what to expect, but I have faith.
My Brit and Ohio friends are in town--pub crawl later- oh yes this may get sloppy
Looks fine to me from here!
Quality Tweeps to follow! CHEERS KAFE CASTRO style! *clink*
Stop laughing lol. This is why I can't stand you
I'm SO craving a Cowboy Dawg from today!!! We gotta get you guys up north of LA too!!!!
is that good or bad?
guys who have an accent <33333
Instax Mini 50S Film Camera (Black) | Polaroid Camera
Let's welcome a new Twitter-Teacher! Please RT
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive?
Fareal Nah! So what you think
I hope you get the opportunity.
some place in east lib with my g-raise shits crazy...
Ask your Vet about Digestive Enzymes to help your dog feel better!
#COMinaDay starts...right...now! Get those cameras rolling--or maybe just wait until the morning...
Good thanks. Getting ready for work.
Gotta have it
Wishing all of our followers a great Friday.
Watched The Graduate for first time since high school. Would never have understood it then as allegory of white male privilege.
i actually wont be back till late monday night so tues would work better if poss. clipper/laker season opener with my mom!
Kevin Hickey jersey hanging in Sox dugout.
...running underneath." Zev: if it's possible for train to go under another part of property, would that resolve your concerns?
already rocking the one- piece suit tan line
cool. You from there? Like it there?
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast?? Was this written 4 u?? IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!! LUV YA
Many thanks and #WW to all RT :
RT : One of the key benefits of using a foam roller? It helps keep you flexibile and works out the kinks in any tight muscles.
My new favorite artist: Uncle Murder.
to go get a job lmao . and i dont wanna be here .
my apologies for phone experience, please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll verify for you
Awake USF! It's graduation day!
it was my old twitter but it had issues so I made this onee
whoops. taken OFF the reading list.
Have been talking to my BFF for an hour and playing draw something hahaha love her hahah
okay so what color are my eyes and what instrument do I play during marching season?
If you were not at Whip tonight you will hear about the once in a life time performance. DJ ES special guest and no one could top that shit!
. what are you eating/drinking right now?
I need ya email address em me
Hey, my phone's not gonna work come Thursday, FYI.
how old are u?
I sure hope you're right about all of this. I want a real guv.
Especially considering 1/3 of the programs listed by SAA aren't even ALA accredited? [-]
With the 26th Overall Pick, the #Texans pick #Illinois DE Whitney Mercilus. #NFL Draft
Anyone else get teary-eyed when reading all these #onetreehill #OTH9memories quotes? <raises both hands>
ok gonna try to make #postchat today but will b watching American Idol at the same time lol sheesh i kno i kno ..
boom boom boom boom da boom....
Equally common, user needs/requirements are shifting so fast, ongoing fluid dev is a must.
I tried to convince my trainer that dangling a cookie in front of me would make me work harder. She didn't buy it.
Patrick Wilson plays a great "guy like Patrick Wilson"
Can't wait for the meeting tonight! Looking forward to meeting you.
Saturday. Sun. The Beatles. Breeze. Breakfast. Life is Good.
Happy Mother's Day to all you mom's out there :-)
wow! Look at u! Even using a hashtag! Lol ;)
Sounds better than doing all that with 50-ish hour week and 13 hours of commuting. :)
Where are you going? We'll miss you. Loved your pops show with Oregon Symphony. Glad you're voting before you leave.
I don't want to be in it for a reason.
Social media #petpeeve: when people use #hashtags on Facebook.
Bright Hope is at
NEEDS #TAYLORNTYRA ASAP!
couldn't have said it better myself.
“: Admit it or not, you're best friend is your brother.” 💙 dawww
I figure good service deserves a shout out.
"This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time so live it to the fullest"
Watch #MISFITS - Best serie EVER.
And random...
Points in the paint
me too! until that one episodes when she dreamed of everyone dancing at the indian restaurant. that was just weird...
Chicago's awesome. Met a ton of great peeps yesterday. I am ready for today. Tonight...Twin Anchors. Be there!!!
please follow it would be
We'll be there 2! RT : We're playing Studio 13 tonight at ten!!! so that means 3 hours to get drunk...LET'S PARTY!!!!
Courtney is here!!!! :)
This teacher what he hell are we watching????????????
as dirt.
Amen sister.
Today is 5% off Friday, lots of Madison Avenue businesses participating. Come shop!
Awesome meeting with last night - stay tuned for their upcoming feature on the site.
Thank you so much to all of you who came to #FoodFightMKENight You just fed 30 hungry Milwaukee families. :]
How do you convince a company that is purely B2B that engaging in community building and 'engagement' in the brand is important?
Including McBride is a little boring given his stereotypical good looks and cookie cutter sex appeal. #WhatNextGeorgeClooney?
Our Lord Aeneas, Give him a follow. Or...follow him thither, if you will ;-)
I think it will be very interesting. I can only imagine we'll be there.
haha, thanks Grant. I feel better now.
Yup I know -___- RT : lmfaoooo get ready to die!
Yeah!!! Cuddles and fucking. Good things for the rain. ;)
New Special: Rosemary Pork Chops - 12oz Rosemary rubbed pork chop served with red potatoes and grilled corn on the cob $19.95
Milk? Ew. RT : Hum....not sure about that one! What do you mix Peanut Butter & Jelly Vodka with anyway?!
Let's hope this isn't a microcosm of the entire season.
I don't get it! LOL. Must just be me. But then I usually have to hold myself down to keep from flailing too much.
much love.
A friend ask me if I thought I would get a record deal I said yes if it Is my fathers will and no if not, why? God owns all of them.
In math . ewwie
Wow. Everyone okay after that last cloudburst? Crazy weather today.
have you seen the second ep. yet?
"22; it's not just a rifle."
Im just glad 2 be out da heat....
is nice, while urs is all big and dirty lol
Hopefully my mom got my back like chiroprac
Just ordered room service for the first time. Night doing that again
looking full of class.
How is doing this any different than a pimp taking away a victims right to govern their own body and mind? HUMAN RIGHTS for EVERYONE!
Tonite's Dinner Special - Ancho Chile Crusted Strip Steak, Smoke Chile Sauce, Pico de Gallo + choice of side
KOALADANCEBOTS RUN THE WORLD!!!
haha, congratulations! I got into it and went "holy sh******t" in the pose. & congrats on the new job! Where will you be?
just realized I don't even know your name haha. What is it ?
hahaha, it's no biggie! If I don't get it to 3.0 by the time I graduate, I won't be able to get in to graduate school. :(
A6: Be memorable by gaining face time with top executives.
"There's Nothing Out There" definite forerunner of "Cabin IN The Woods" which is excellent BTW
so sleepy
I wanted a job, to teach, to be around ppl doing interesting things. Now I focus on a bigger picture I don't like at all.
“: The girl with the dragon tattoo is using the same story line? FACK. Save your $20 and just read the subtitles.”
I miss you to smiles
Oh, no! I totally missed this SOS. We couldn't find a church fry either. :( Just got fish and chips at a bar.
just heard say "hell yeah... I'll take it any way I can." ironic? nah.
I love it! Bringing it to work Tues! Stayin outta trouble tonight?
I can't wait...
we are looking for Seattle Rock/Punk bands 2 be a part of a Make A Wish Fund Raiser, do you know of any who might be interested?
The recently-launched Ringstats.com project, we had the pleasure of working with and his Vector Media Group for the #eecms plus more.
haha, god i cant explain how much jealousy im feeling right now!(:
damn! I was in flight.
The anticipation is going to kill me for & announcement today!
You would think it's a preseason game with so many empty seats. Jesus.
True. That's prolly the only way we'd win a baseball trivia round.
Horray! Last day of Classes! Need a quiet place to learn via osmosis? Check out the quiet reading room on M Level
not at all! thanks so much for suggesting us! wishing we were lounging in the park now!
it hurt my feelings :(
WELL I MUST SAY IM A WOMAN THATS HAVING A HARD TIME LETTIN MY PASS GO N I HAVE BEEN DONE WRONG BUT I FORGIVE N MOVE ON
According to , I'm pretty good at Name That Tune trivia... "for a mere mortal."
believe me, what I don't know can fill volumes. I learn something knew everyday on this job.
Haha it shows like Jake has 0 followers too. :'D
If not for the possibility of rats, I would offer to take the midnight to 4 am shift.
Electronic Cigarette starter kits from $34.50 If you've thinking about switching now is the time! www.genxvapor.com
Just worked that ellyltical like I was mad at it ...
Shes bein reckless once again. Grow up already.
z bed time
I'm hauling ass home so I can hollister shop before midnight
your cuter though :3
so demanding...
Finished writing the next #songforyou tune last night. Any guesses on what it's about?
Aw Mechel... I was waiting on the date... lemme see if I can..
Fruit Smoothie
RT Breaking News: MillerCoors sues the New England Patriots claiming they reneged on exclusive beer deal bit.ly/odch9o
Thanks for sharing!
of course :) hes been pretty caught up and busy with everything. But the new year brings a lot of suprises and promises
As long as you have a roof over your head, and food in your stomach, DO WHAT YOU LOVE
will do thanks ;)
When finished, I leaned over to , and the only words I had were "That was beautiful."
Omg I never get tired of listening to Bon Iver. Ugh, so beautiful.
RT : Joint SDI+ITSMF event going well, esp session 'cheating for gold standard service' from John Salt of Hill Dickinson
- Spend your $ on a PR company to monitor your email activity. Stop embarrassing yourself, your team and your city
Recording vocals for the new song tonight! Hopefully we can release it before the end of the month!
Express something that you are feeling that is real- like I'm feeling afraid right now or I'm feeling sad
It's never too cold to scavenge quality furniture abandoned by tasteless neighbors.
Are you using #QuickBooks? Accepting #CreditCards? Give us a call...we're here to help!
OK we have to start a list of these somewhere!
well if it makes you feel any better, people in Vegas don't even pretend to recycle!
Awesome ladies! Can't wait to hear some tunes :)
when will you be droping an album or mixtape?
Sick as a dog. Whatever that means.
re read your article about cold calls, I am attempting to do the same with a travel blog, did this allow u to close sales?
After all, it is slut season. I mean summer. RT : Facebook should have a relationship status called: "SPORT FUCKING"
loved trying a sample of give it a shot!
so how are you???
u have a #stalker Madame!
Who is Cher Lloyd? cher lloyd is my idol and a beautiful person :) #iLoveCherLloyd!
Having a great stay in Israel. After all this contentiousness on Twitter it's nice to get away to someplace more peaceful.
Wish i had been able to go to #fp2012 - tweets are tantalizingly interesting. interesting views on
School's dead?? Yaay! :D
Still looking for a basket weaver/maker in the Mke area to help out at the next #CommunityARTReach event.
lmao what ever works right
Got it, thanks and good luck!
#SMSportsChat I can say from personal experience, that the #SFGiants have had huge spike in tix sold through Twitter/Facebook
Happy Sunday!!!
lexi is a boss..hangin with her..she's yolo fo life
o , twitter missed your stunning ass(;
Still working out some of the 3D animations for our new video, expect lots of great posts in the coming weeks!
Are we/we/or are we/I/I we/what/matters/is a word
that was a good pass to welker bad throw to sideline to Branch get it right. If he could of completed would of been1st down
#TeamBiBi is the G.O.A.T
Al Green..... "Lets stay together"
Ppl believe anything they hear and stories are always getting twisted.
4 inch heels may have not been a good idea!! But damn it they are cute
LOL terrific to meet so many members - this a great start for the best conference ever!
Hey, I thought my weekend was gonna be craptastic, but then it turned amazeballs! #NewCLTlingo cc:
On the road to south beach. Looking forward to an authentic cultural experience.
Tomorrow is the big day for the #wmnldrs !
I can't wait to see Jacob tomorrow <3
Nocioni to the Celtics being explored? Not sure how I feel about that one...
You're sweet, thank you! I hope you're having a great sunday!!
Canisius when are grades coming in?
“: Gasol 19 17 6 and 4” That's what they need...every night from him
he walked the entire FIU campus like that
Starting to see some mini mes around kc. Cats attempting to Jack my style! Can't even say I'm mad.
very cool
Women with cankles
You are very welcome!
Sure. But I was referring more to my penchant for procrastination.
Report: iPod Touch Makes Up Nearly 40 Percent of iOS Sales
Re-dubbed my scene this past Thursday. Saw the footage, it looks scary.
Celebrity sighting: Dean Star of !
looking fwd to this weekend!
Rory McIlroy tries to strike the perfect work and life balance - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
How do you make the drink?
Putting together a Beastie Boy tribute set for my gig tonight at the Pioneer Bar. What songs should I play? CC:
What up fam, what's good wit cha!
I believe we have hired a producer, but I don't know who it is.
What is your problem? As if I'm not anticipating it enough how rude
ah hell, gotta wait till next week. Great Show.
Loving 's #modevux keynote. Wisdom! Hilarity! Profanity!
what are you doing
but yes, that's an adorable picture ^,^ Together forever! ;)
"Werewolves In London"!!!!
Wasn't it Bill Phillips who brought it to market?
helluva show last night sir!
James, I like your smooth style! I am currently working on Jazz project in your area...may catch you playing on the Square!
When I eat M&M's I have to separate the colors first.
Food wasted -_-
thanks for the mention Twon, we really appreciate it !!!!! Means a lot to us :)
Not really. Just got woke up out of a dead sleep and my brain is still asleep.
If World Peace is suspended, does that mean I get to invade Canada now?
Good morning everyone have a great Monday!
We just updated our website for Five Corners Strategies. www.fivecornersstrategies.com Please check it out. Thanks.
hey check us out at mysoflo.com & follow
The bridesmaid dress hunt is officially over!!! So excited!!!
info request: timeline of time travel
wish ii can call #oomf so ii can talk to him...anyone really
Don't blame no one for your problems
Dallas/Fort Worth. But if he could find a good opportunity we might move. He has a few contacts at Telltale Games in San Fran.
Subject today at church is "Can iGet a Refill"
arguments in McDonalds >>
If you are missing anything and have been in my car call me. Everything that's not mine will be thrown away this Friday
I miss you hellas.
just hosted a conversation with Martin Gomez, city librarian in LA on the future of public libraries. awesome! thanks martin!!
I'm an orange moon, I'm brighter than before...brighter than ever before.
thanks yo! that's our oldest song! haha
My hamster is spazzing ahahah. He seriously is me if i were a male Russian dwarf hamster if that makes sense...haha
What he doesn't know is Brady has his own special way of putting his pants on.
video of day 2 will be up later!
I begged Jenny and now we're coming over!
Magic brownies??
#How2Tarot Shindig online #Tarot supports the base card - this is the card that teaches us, or is deep base or lesson to be learnt. V Useful
I remember a day in the not too distant past when I actually looked forward to hearing This American Life every week ...
thank YOU for few of the true friends i got
So now we live in such a "Police State" that if Govt officials/Election candidates dont like Crippled Gimps (my Autism), they just attack U?
drinking some coffee, reading email at the gallery and feeling thankful for everything :-)
A whole day without telling me how to lose weight and that people are saying nasty things about me...
Hi we would love to invite you and your team to our Holiday Pop Up Shop!!! Dec. 8th 5:30-8:30! Lots of local designers and Wine!
I did!
Heaven added a lot more soul & the blues got bluesier with the passing of the magnificent Etta James..... R.I.P.
In Toronto on my way to #JCDL2011 Already lost my baggage, looking forward to 4 days of not thinking about what to wear in the morning!
oh what classy lady wouldnt want to recieve that text :)
> Mr. Von Hart, I've always said you were the sharpest mind and snappiest dresser in the office.
It's a sign of the times hearing breaking news on Twitter first
Is this thing on?
I already tried hahaha it's not ready yet
Once you are able to master the emotions that run your life, everything else falls into place – YOU University
First time in Italy. I'm going on a Mediterranean cruise. The ship departs from Rome so I want to spend a few extra days there.
Struggling to get Buffalo home and safe
Yeah me too I park my car in the garage at my work everyday and I swear I get random dents out of no where I hate it!!
I get you
I would like to see the exaggerated histrionics in #edu discussion stop. We need to come together and form solutions, not ideologies.
Does anyone an exact date for the opening of the 8*twelve restaurant? The press release said in June, but didn't give a day.
....and now I want to know all about it
He should be getting the title shot.
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "So addicting" by Lauren
bulletproof love - pierce the veil
Every ramp to get to 94 west is closed. Literally, every ramp.
Love your presentation! Twitter gives me wings and allows global connections to happen effortlessly.
"He doesn't speak much, but when he does, it is transcendent." RT : Bleh.
Look, I know you have your "swag on" but can you walk a little bit faster?
Answer dang question girl, lol
What happened?
don't be mad because my kitchens good an yours is a fucked up shrub
Unbelievable...but almost $90,000 this year alone!
Releasing a new video this week stay tuned!
i miss u more ;D
So that's where Jack Loeffler is! Give him a big hug from me.
In #33hours .... Bieber Fever Will Strike iTunes And The World Will Go Bonkers !
STUDY buuuuuuuuuuuumZ,SWAG
I had the weirdest dream ever 😰
That news has made me so HAPPY!!!!!!!
OMG just let Justin come out already.! -,-
me either. But I also don't have a voice so I may not have too..
I think I laughed for 24 hours straight.
:) had a good day so far
Typically biggest energy consumer in city is water RT : By reducing household water use, we can reduce the energy
let's hope so !! Bahahahahaha
Alright... Sending good vibes to student scholars everywhere. Finish strong and #FIGHTON!
#CCSS Math Practices & Cap of Lit Individual stress creativity, independence, problem-solving.
Damn you churros for your tasty goodness. Run, run, run
Man dies in fall from roller coaster at Tokyo park
When will Blackboard Eats come to DC?
#CanIBeHonestWithYou The music industry is big/hard to get into/make it in, but My God is bigger! Excited to watch him work it out.
We are so excited too Shan! Bitter sweet being away for the holidays! Hope there is a Mexican Santa Claus;)
Mimosas and highlights at Salon Blush!
How much you wanna bet you leave a watermelon seed behind and that's how they catch you? hahaha
like josh and I.
Love your videos! Thank you for inspiring me. :)
best kids-book-related post title EVAR.
My NBA Finals prediction: vs. , with the Spurs denying Lebron his second chance at a ring.
Can i ask you a question ?
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it.
Cricket #3 has found its way into my bedroom. I guess I'll just have to come to peace with it.
Quinten is making an awesome walking stick for some lucky father out there -- inlaid with coins and a special verse just for "him" -- nice!
I wish he was saying that to me. Or just saying that he loved me:/ never gonna happen. Just a follow would be amazing!:(
Big East is a weak football conference and weaker with the departure of WVU.
Finally done with math . yahhyahh :)
John Lovitz is dope
For all of you Mega Millions players. The numbers are in they are: 2-4-23-38-46 Mega Ball is 23 $640 million bucks💰💰💰
WOW! How's that for the #NNECruise! Join us in thanking all the sponsors including & and
Tomorrow is my birthday -- trying to figure out when I am old enough to start lying about my age.
I can relate to that... masters degree... minimal work... lots of debt!!!
can u make me a background?
I'll laugh at you all night!
Get in and fill out your bracket! Due tonight and you could win a 32" tv!
You can get everything in life you want if you help enough other people get what they want. Zig Ziglar
😓 miss you too twin!!!
Cardiff just clicked too ! As you say, BOOM lol
Welcome to the twitterverse!
Sugar River wins the boys team and Lake Mills wins the girls team titles at the Deerfield Classic.
Lol I like'em too (sometimes)
Your voice.
Tony Montana - Future
Big S/O Strong Latina with beauty taboot
Just found out day A and B is outside! Yes! Buying my ticket now.
Tami, you took her purse!! All of this bullshit would have been avoided if you would have left the shit alone!!
Eugene White from : Need to build a culture where kids WANT to complete their education
like I said she think I'm not good enough for her
thanks Levi! Great compliment!
Ok we back on!
The notebook! #ah<3
Your kisses on my cause a tsunami I tremble when I touch you more than an earthquake ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ tii the aria by all!
HA - they beat me to the punch...again. They're fast!
You made your account private? Did you finally realize your child abuse doctrine was stupid?
I left u a voicemail. Thx for the love
when you brag about your self so much I can't help but get in attack modeand jump over the table
I USE TEW THINK LOOKS WAS EVERYTHING ..BUT NA MY HAPPINESS IS MRE IMPORTANT
Why not both? =) Are you going in 2014?
We need more people.! I only do this cause i'm bored.
whenever for both
"The Joy of the Lord is my Strength" and I can feel that Joy today!
oh, it's animated but is it a film?
Good morning Twitter, how was everyone's #weekend?
completed a fun movie shoot over the weekend, has another shoot next week, and just received an audition for this week; chugging along with
Team # EarlyBird....... Gets the Worm
RT Q4: DO YOU HAVE A MENTOR? HOW DID YOU FIND ONE?
6 more weeks of winter
My pleasure!
can at least 12 of my 4000 followers please follow ? :p
I already Follow you girl! (:
Celtics/Lakers game. Hope the Celtics can get it together and take this game!
Short has started for !!! Excited for this panel! Yes, I might live tweet this panel.
Chill to the max!
hi sweetie!!
thank you so much! :) we appreciate you listening :)
Heading to REI to get hiking boots and a GoPro accessory! We are taking the Doods on another hike tomorrow...so you know what that means...
for sure. xD
It's not in my lesson plan, but then the questions come up--"did Shax love a girl dressed as a boy? Doesn't that explain +
Tomorrow I start my real job!!! What is this grown up life??
you'll get it when you're nice.
Best reads of the week
work hard, luv! ☆
Busy day here at the shop! Working on a slab of meat and some ballistics!
jealous because I miss you :(
im upset cause i didnt get to see u guys at D23 i missed it :/
hopefully soon! We'll make sure to send you the new album when we're done :) thanks for spreading the word!!
he tricked me last week with that Texas talk! i thought for sure he would be here soon.
sometimes facebook creeping is essential research.
you damn right, real #cavs fan thru and thru. Btw that's the #cavs team that is no longer the worst in the league
get at me gurl....asap
Yeah and we didn't think there would be a opener. This show was org on a Fri and got rescheduled. I'm too old for Wed nights!
Any predictions for the Steelers - Jets game???
boyfriend or bestfriend?
If you type or say "Le" instead of "the" you should "Le" your head under a running lawn mower.
There's a big difference between me telling you to hold my hand and you grabbing my hand on your own...
sometimes i wonder how you made it to highscool ...
super stoked! What vinyl should I bring you on SILYMI?
Count your blessings cause I'm counting every lie
Headed to the airport, trying the new Seattle Light Rail for the first time
You Still Wearin Fake Gucci
What are the 5 most important traits for an entrepreneur to have to succeed in today's economy?
At a 'Can Actors Ever Have Real Jobs?' panel. Panelists agree: No. Just host panel meetings for free. And cry.
Cool outfit. im 14 mexican and im going to get the worldheavy wight champiship
#SomberSongs Star Strangled Splatter
RT says Grimes violates a clean campaign pledge, it's whining, but when Repubs complain it's ok?
I prepare myself for the worst but pray for the best.
I'm a terrible influence to 2500 people.
Spending some quality bonding with my family at Universal!! 😃👍
: Lots of excitement in store for Gail Boyd Artist Management!
barely. But we love you too!
played tennis today and got hit right on the nose that shit hurt
What professional sporting events do you watch?
You got it ;). And we will stay in touch on Project: Go Watch Avengers
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 7
I was born with the bullshit!
I work w/ Boudoir night club on 7th & C. SD's newest & hottest club. When u coming through to check it out?
Nothing like a couple of snake bites to start your morning! ;)
Bon voyage! Have a great time and be safe!
Extremely proud of my brother - I think the world of you!
GOD FORGIVES I DONT
Cute song ! Looking good in the purple. :) That's my sis-in-law's name. She hates this song, but I love it!
Have a great day today! Don't forget to sing! It's good for you!
My Mom Is Making Me Go To The Gym ^.^
One other thing to consider: exports of crude & natural gas. We're the largest producer of nat gas again.
Working on FREE workshops now. Will upload soon to website www.intothelightwalk.com
Now at 101followers
Park east. Items to carry include, but are not limited to: -'stabby' implement -rape whistle -materials for removing fingerprints
shit... It will b a good match up... As long as go down.. I'm good.. Go HEAT!!
Welcome to the best team in football #Steelernation can't wait to see what you can do to help take our team back to the SB!
I have decided I am going to train for the flying pig half marathon, I haven't decided whether it will be the 2012 or 2013 flying pig
defense played their asses off, a few big mistakes, AND outcoached again
For Dr. Iyengar - Is there such a thing called choice fatigue?
I can help you in the areas of Real Estate, Banking, Incorporations, Legal Documents and Asset Protection. #TrapStar Investment Consultants.
me:Fuck Why Is FB Not letting me log in? Bro:Oh Cuz MarkZuckerberg is catholic&he gave up FB for lent Me:</3.wait i forgotwhats my password
": #ThingsThatGuysLike when you scratch their back without them having to tell you."
": Only 70 days until KC's biggest event of 2012: the MLB More than $60 mil coming to our economy."
Dear friends, My concert tonight is canceled due to a hand injury. The new date is April 16th, 2010 at 8PM. I hope that you can make it! T
I'll try...it looked so long!
Why dear sweet baby Jesus, is Hanson covering Billy Ray Cyrus on DWTS? WHY?
I want to go back to Cleveland.
Indeed miss :)
Actually, I'd rather believe that you moved on and that you're still rocking. I enjoyed your Cousin Kevin stuff, and Bully.
I agree! “: She is one hard-working, dedicated advocate! MT : Kari Lantos is NOT lazy! #nafsaAD ”
Thanks for the RT Carol! Appreciate it.
D'AW
Kinda funny that there are talks about citizen scientists & linked data taking place at the same time as ours.. #aam2012 :-/
but he's mad at you.
So now the Clippers and the Lakers series are tied up? ...LOL !!!!
U.S. Stocks closed higher Wednesday, helped by an upbeat start to earnings season, following a string of declines.
Netfix has no good movies
I hate wen i try to find something && dnt find it I find Everything else but what I was looking for o-0
very nice!!! everytime i see chopsticks i always think of that one time, and you guys calling me wall E lol
So awesome to meet you tonight, ! And you too, ... again. :)
Where everybody at????
It's been out for a while, but have you read "The ClueTrain Manifesto"? … bit.ly/j7FRjy … you can for free, see my review!
THE FAN VIDEO IS CANCELED !!!!
What's up?
I only remembered I'd purchased the stream about ten minutes ago. Lot of choppiness on my end so far.
RT : Jake Sullivan: The administration is focusing on changes in the Arab world #Egypt and #Tunisia. Economic mobilization is central
#harlem Scarf #dancing happening in just 10 minutes.
Ah Katelynn, it'll be fantastic. Check our blog posts on Erika, doing study abroad in London. Great tips for you :)
“: beautiful day off by the beach in Southern California. Been missing this.” OMG I LOVE HIMM
haha thank you so much now I feel like an idiot
heck yeah lol
Saw today \m/
143143143 i love you! your dp is so cute! your bio is amazing and your tweets are awesome(:
I just learned how to backside smith grind but i keep on failling i just landed it 2 times but it still count :D
Ughh this weekend is gunna suck, if I can't go out all!!-___-
they put the color of their skin aside...they put their political affiliation aside to fight for equality..
I wake up listening to -Put Your Hearts Up... I wonder how many plays went by.
Showing a solo to a costume designer AND rehearsing a new video project tonight.
Just got accepted to Wayne State University!!!!!! Stoked :D
Paul George just played one of the worst halves of basketball I've ever seen
Loved the show. Can't tell you how often I (try to) sing along to Blackbirds in my car. You do it ever so much better.
They're the only team I can win online with right now. I'm not an EPL buff. I have no dog in this fight.
Reentry Anonymous (R.A.) online chat meetings to start 3/20/11 every Sun. and Thur. at 9 p.m.: Ex-offender Education. Information. Support.
I'm starting a campaign to introduce LLOL (literally laughing out loud) into common text/FB conversation. Fake LOLs are enablers.
not to crazy about the MFer...lol..but yea #GAMEON..i know we have six months but you have 2 stay in touch i will b DMing you later
Jerry Sandusky's favorite rap lyric: "F*ck the state penn, f*ck hoes in Penn State"
#sass RT : Rice shmice. Order your sushi wrapped in cucumber sans rice to save 240 calories
yeah lol were are you from ?
There's a bunch of people judging me from something 7 years ago. They think Im a bad guy or something. Its hilarious
Movies tonight with , seth & karlie for The Hunger Games then off to the airport <3
“: Joey Barton walks into a bar: "It fucking walked into me first, ref!"” Ha ha!!!
RT : Christians who watch that CGI Easter Bunny film are never allowed to complain about Atheists disrespecting the faith.
I almost merged my page and profile. Glad I didn't...
A real woman wouldnt cheat
my phone is going bezerk... ;)
another day Po 👩🔫
right? that growl was pure concentrated virility
I hate that. Everything has a limit, both wifi & cellular. I watch Netflix a lot & glad I have a grandfathered unlimited plan
Thanks for sharing my tweet:)) Happy wkd!
Duck Dynasty was on Wendy Williams Show
what you doing today homie!
Oh no!!!! We are going back to winter!!!! We, Valliant Printing, have been busy at the shop and we are sweating!!!
it's amazing, should have never moved
had Tater Tot casserole for dinner last night. It will be hard to top that meal.
Watching blowout baseball can be a real grind without a sausage race to look forward to.
you like that speech today? Invogorating.. In case you missed it, watch BO's previous 4 speeches. Carbon copy.
same here dude.....64 and sunny
good question haha. oh god, you need to hear us... I need sleep hahaha
sorry, passed out right after tweet-bitching lol
The Ward 6 middle school challenge will be tougher than #HStNE. Joe Englert isn't buying any middle schools.
Vegas, NYE. Make it happen.
Tile can also contribute to a building's energy efficiency through radiant heat underlayment systems designed for use with tile.
LORD , I NEED YOUR WISDOM
TOMORROW NIGHT PEOPLES!! ACOUSTIC SHOW AT E-STRING!! BE THERE TO SUPPORT THE TALENTED LOCAL ARTISTS!!!! :)
For every person that follow me ill tell a secret about me.
Storms. #chickenshit ... le sigh.
Question for everyone... Do you allow your parents to see your full facebook profile?
Today is the last day to buy the Happy Hour Special at Lucky's Bar and Grille. 50% Off food and beverages. Only through www.dealoria.com
Historical society of NM ...ready to present.
Well x-mas is right around the corner ;-) RT : The kids are vacuuming. Something's up. What do you want, children???
there is something MAJORLY wrong with those children
Hello to Mexico City. You made mine! Ja ja ja
“We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it in the full.” (Marcel Proust)
good idea!!! Then I'll be rich and can own u>
he gets my money each time he comes to town now. still soaking in. head asplode.
Perhaps I could meet you when you're in MKE? Recent Knoxville transplant.
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday watching the NFL playoff games looks like ATL is going home.
I remember when I was in high school and hung out at the mall.
oh, it's cool. Ive been there
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH...& will be playing..(6pm-10pm)
Just finished exam...in a way it was kinda hard
Now if the person you are DMing with deletes them they delete for you as well
well merry christmas. I always leave something. Give it to froddo for me.
why? no ones doing acid its a weed day LOL
#IntervalMonday night in #Pittsburgh at #Live #Jazz w/ The Interval Trio & friends. 1st set @ 9 PM, 126 S. Highland Ave
"Only great passions can elevate the soul to great things." -Denis Diderot. THURSDAY! THAT MEANS THAT TOMORROW IS FRIDAY! Lets make it great
YES! i would love to! that would be awesome! but is it okay if i send you my stuff from my other account?
Who's your favorite boy from One Direction?
Hey , how come I keep having to log in for Netflix? With Xbox I did it ONCE. Never again.
hehe. Seriously, it is pretty good. Just too much everything last night. You???
The #orioles really have Mark Reynolds listed for the All Star game at 3B
Anything 2 get u girls outta the house! MT :) RT : I wanna be pampered. Manicure, pedicure, nice dinner, & flowers
hahaha what can I say they are annoying;)
outer space for kids
And all I had to do was put two and two together But that just makes four, but not forever, damn
you inspire me in a strange way. And for that I thank you! Good luck this summer! I'd ride ur boat!
Spent my last night with my boy
Finally at home and it's so good to have my boyfriend here with me :)
Tell your Mom i said Happy Mothers Day!
Sisterly time at the movies about to watch Good Deeds.
Great.. Send me link of your new band... I cant wait when you work for ME..:P
I have inside reports that Heath Bell hates Marlins Park and complains about everything, everyday.
It's #GenderBenders week at ! Check it out tonight at ! Rate the performers too!
Thanks everyone
I guess we could move closer to the front, but it still wouldn't help me. :)
I love when people have their read receipts on, but I don't have mine on cuz I always forget to respond and I don't want them hating me
this is such a cool idea. Going to sign up right away. Thanks for sharing.
check your gmail bro
It was strange; I tried a different browser and it started working fine...Very glad it's back!
What was your favorite part of having the tea partiers in DC this weekend?
YAY! I was just thinking about you & wondering how your first week went. Congrats on your first full/consecutive weekend off!!
drinking some water. My life in motherfucking exciting.
as someone who DOES want to learn to code, a post like that makes me feel awfully unwelcome :(
SHOUTOUT TO BEAUTIFUL ;) ..FOLLOW HERE SHE'S NICE <3
Happy Birthday to :)
yep. Ahha. But i want food. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
maybe bick your head and keep the mutton chops?
Finally did my hair
Almost done with my first short film (as writer/director)! Waiting on one original tune...
hello. will you follow me???
that t- bone douche is exactly why Tennesseeans get stereotyped. hopefully he'll try to swim the Mississippi river longways
hahahah del taco??
We need to make that happen then! RT : yes, the margarita, lol
Attention Nana's fans in #Florida!! Our big 3.5oz cookies are on sale 2 for $3 at all Whole Foods stores =)
Thanks! We're better than EVER now!
D&B's just turned the lights down. #SexyTime up in this bitch
Hey, Mark! Great win over the Spurs yesterday. Wanted to say THANK YOU for saving the St Patty's Parade. Great turn-out too!
Enrique may not have been a brilliant literary feat, but its social value and import was huge.
I'm thinking Curry for Monday's Single Chef show...Stay tuned I'll let ya know:) All Single Chef shows r FREE on www.iTunes.com - Podcasts
Let him know sent you ! And i'll give you a shout ou t
Will find my way on to Facebook one day.Used up my last nerve joining Twitter.
We do have Burpee.
you should do a keeks of you and singing the alphabet backwards!
I think you bring up an excellent point, southern.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose
": Efficiency tends to deal with Things. Effectiveness tends to deal with People. We manage things, we lead people.
#ThingsINeverUnderstood....why TF hurricane Chris got a twitter
thanks for the follow!!! Love your photos
Tickets are $50 Webster Hall livest party hot 97 hosted
I need photographic documentation!
If you're in #Atlanta and are looking for some awesome #music & good eats, check out #FridayNightLive tonight!
Ima work you like a pro baby Ahh, & you gnna take it like one Yeah, you gnna take it like one ..
Heat vs Pacers
Thanks for the follow & a great call. The Vahperd Gala this fall is going to be a fantastic event
I didnt forget about you, in fact i think about you everyday. im just so damn busy. via
what happened to the beat page
Toyo Announces Who Won the Durango In Its Ultimate Ride Sweepstakes - About - News &amp; Issues
Us too! RT : Looking forward to tonight!
B_RandisRaaad Are you okay??
I saw it and I love it! Come back to Chicago! Remember when you guys came with BA & sang in my head with goodluck Jane? me too
Growing up I wanted to "set the world on fire". Then I found out arson is illegal.
That's totally entrapment!
Our bartender spent all evening Tuesday perfecting his martini. Come on in and give it a taste test. 1120 N. High St.
"Tired of eatting this roman so im raising the omen "
Hanging out with at Samurai Blue!
trolley night?
Love the new Santigold. Love it!
The two most important days in your life are: the day you were born, and the day when you find out why.
#GODCAN RT : No matter how many dark days you see, just know that the light will be at the end.
keep it up lil buddy. I know it'll happen for you.
Still can't believe Junior Seau is dead
"I sensed an infinite #scream passing through nature," Munch printed on the original frame of his painting.
Rough day at work. Throwin back a big steak at Harry and Izzy's
oh thank youu!
u don't need no damn number
That's fantastic! Congratulations!
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
...as I realize I still don't have 'We Insist.' What...?!
Talented DC musicians beware: I may kidnap you for my uber-band ("crowd sourcing"). Listening to now (on his blog). Do it.
With or without u im gonna prosper
I reserved my ticket! :)
Dang! Now you tell me! ;-)
"Small Bump" music video.... Oh my gosh #goosebumps x
There is one bird outside that has no clue its f'ing three in the morning and it should shut its bird mouth so i can sleep
Indeed. We were coming down 13th at the top of the hill and and I saw it clearly. Parachute w/person or object.
“: RT : RT : I don't blame Bachmann for not believing in evolution. It's really let her down.
Its in Ashland! But I hope you can still make it!!
EAT MORE BRASIL NUTS!!!!
Who is Carl? Do I need to pay Carl a visit? ;)
sticking stickers on top of others stickers on cd roms....#TheThingsIDo at work -___-
I know right, I guess they are good for some things!
that akward moment when u have a temper tantrum in the store over nutella and u realize everyone is looking at you
MRNG PEOPLE, SHOUT OUT 2 ALL VETERANS. THNX 4 OUR FREEDOM, LONG LIVE THE RED, WHITE & BLUE. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!!
Aw thx for the RT's today.
Luck favors the prepared.
Good to hear, make sure you sign up on the blog!
Does your customer feedback software do this? On-going feedback 24/7, Full Data Analytics, Actionable Data & Trend Analysis? Try
okay, you two would so dig each other. once i get off my writing binge we need to grab dinner..:)
I think i have gained myself a little crush deep inside.<3
Send me what you were gonna.
Having you on my mind isn't completely dreadful... Not knowing where we stand is
AWESOME photo, Jason!
Mayweather needs to stay the hell off the ropes!
Thanks to for the awesome NASA presentation today! Gene Kranz's (Apollo13) Kolbe MO- 8445 #pgs2010 check out Kolbe.com
Live show in Best Buy by Sawgrass about to happen right now! Come on down and get 10% off music accessories!
my dads annoying
Ur biggest mistake could be giving someone else the chance to make them smile..
#ShockingNerlensAnnouncement He was in fact the first Noel.
remind me to never go back....or never pay for the flight and hotel and only bring cash
Actually, 6. : That's five secret items now, right?
Dear , thank you for that amazing review of The Vow. Srsly, on my knees. We, the humble masses, are not worthy. Hilarious.
waffle house this MORNING :P
It describes half the girls in my grade, basically.
AWE NO
Good morning and welcome to the rest of your life. make it count.
So much to do So little time And y'all wonder why I sleep for a good minute whenever I can.
Who's a nerdy Dragon???
Kinda wish my stop wasn't the one right after she started. I was digging the Alicia Keys
Saw the Favre sign too and couldn't help but laugh at it. The only funny thing coming out of Madison today!
Lmao, I just died laughing at the library!
thank you
I could not agree more. Gets my 6 year old son every time.
KFOG just played Rusted Root
tell me lies, make em sound good
I cant wait to go in july!
Ready for the next journey #MovingForward - XavierLT.com
Ryan has inspired all of KSR Nation to get in shape. Must cut back on tv & Orangeleaf.
I know! I was freakin out!
all I know is gets it sent out here and if I close my eyes it's like being in
haha i love you so much haha
“: 16 year old female overdose at Melville? People need to get their shit straight” :O sad
Meh, it's just stupid store maintenance. MBP will be 2 year old next month. 3 years is about the life of this thing.
Oh... Happiness :)
OMG, I LOVE the Hunger Games. Gale and Peeta are equally drool worthy as Jacob & Edward. Movie comes out in March - can't wait! :)
I love people who text back instantly.
youre awesome. Let us know what you think :]
Maybe if u trend something like #We'reSorryNathan he'll probably unblock.. But you're a nice person
Don't support the enemy Dan! *shakes fist angrily*
you'll see
when people ask if my god son is my baby i just stare .. he's three months old, do i look like i just pushed out a baby three months ago?
Social Media and all the new technology can be overwhelming, just start somewhere and build on your efforts.
Bout to get on oovoo for a lil bit
another day of waking up, & walking out the door in what i slept in.
At 44%, the City of Atlanta boasts one of the nation's lowest graduation rates, landing it in the same pool of Cities in Crisis.
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.
follow back?
had a fantastic time for #riversounds!
i really want you to follow me, but I would give that up if you would just please follow that little girl please
is the man!
lakes up over 20 last I checked late 4th
They've gone from moderate hammering to a jackhammer on the construction below our office.
thank you :)
Please, please, please send out with a bang tonight. She is incredible and will be missed.
Thanks. Except based on certain baseball performances, I might be up for a repeat performance tomorrow night.
Haha :) Love you son!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!!
We Good how's hot ass lil Chris and Kristina Bobbi?
Does anybody listen to Erik Spoelstra? Players, fellow coaches? Family?
Bandwagon fans dont live in BOS “: RT : Pioneer Square is making me so angry right now #ihatetheredsox #gobacktoboston"
Lost Dog Rocky - $150 Reward Rocky the Miniature Schnauzer is lost in Cheyenne, WY.
Having trouble falling asleep after that big Bulls win. Think I might have come down w/ a serious case of
Don't forget to submit your application to present at our inaugural event on January 10, 2012.
"He can change your soul"
aha thank u! :)
Books arrive! Let the stuffing of the envelopes begin! (It's an all-hands-on-deck enterprise here.)
ROLL TIDE!
A few weak contestants tonight but love #sharktank. showed another side of himself. Very cool.
they were a winner! Looking forward to going back when the sun is out so we can sit outside :)
tickets on sale at noon. Now waiting in queue. Good for them! Bad for me!
5 yrs would've killed me.
wishes her expanding container garden wasn't having to battle the wind.
never thought I would be talking to ma dukes... but here I am, chilling and sipping coffee.
THE COMPANY THAT I WORK FOR IS LOOKING FOR SALES REPRESENTATIVE NATIONWIDE, YOUR HOURS. GREAT INCOME. DP DENTAL SUPPLY. 321 441 9041
The conversations must continue to address this issue at its causation instead of victim blaming.
my Movie my guy on what channel
You have no obligations anywhere in this world, everything you choose to do you should love because you chose it from all other alternatives
"Music lifts you. Get your music in..." ~
": Glenn: Brown intercepted by Sean Sylvia" I would cut #82 after that, he gave up on the ball after it was tipped. No effort.
Another perfect patio night at Firefly! Come people watch and eat cupcakes overlooking historic Main Street!
that I am donkey, that I am. Thank you
you have 24 hours to experience getting completely wasted on one beer.
Awesome wedding, congratulations brad & katie!
very true sir. Mule and some chicken.
Reed tell me theres fotage somewhere in the archives?
oh yeah
lol. I haven't been working the past couple of days
I love the game. Just not sure I'd want my kid playing. Not an easy question to answer.
Welcome Richard Carlbom-MN United's campaign manager...one of the smartest in MN politics today. tinyurl.com/RichardCarlbomMNUnited
Lunch time. (nite-nite here I go)
we're just the tip!
sigh. 786 miles away...
Lord & Taylor is mophing to Kohl's with incessant sale days so that I always feel I just missed something or should wait until tomorrow.
I'm rockij with you
Everyone make sure and tell everyone to follow us!! #FF RT
Thanks Zach...come up and say "hey" sometime!
hello my #Austin friends--merry pirates, etc. I'm getting ready to take my work-anywhere strategies on the road--to #CHINA! woohoo...
any chance Christian Ponder goes 12th overall last year :)?
"By words the mind is winged." —Aristophanes
ok, still young, but great you started while they were still into it.
I hate driving in the dark, alone. Creeps me out.
Do I gotta change me before he could be who he used to be??¿¿
Indiana is great.
All new followers over the next 6 hours into a drawing. Whoever wins AND whoever referred them gets a copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
Today is National Pizza Day so dive in & eat your fair share pizza lovers! We're ready to take your order! 305.883.1177
Looking forward to 7pm. Fun filled weekend ahead. DeMolay tonight, Gator game tomorrow with friends. Woot!
Welcome to Twitter.
were can i get me since helium???
Thanksgiving break=one happy math specialist!
thanks so much!
Hey! How's your day going? Happy #WW and thank you for the RT =)
im sorry beadle follow
Me 2 RT : I'm NOT red, i'm Brown. Hmp!
RT: Rogue sub chaos. // PLUS Scott Speedman? Yes, please. :)
true, but that doesn't discount 's point; colonial racism grew stronger when race became impt as+
Hello world
Thanks everyone who made time to come to my recital tonight! It was much appreciated!
I deserve the #BestFriendOfALifetimeAward 👏💁😉🏆
Episode on now! MT at So much fun. She's truly awesome. I came, I danced, I reped Nwk & Ellen rubbed my bald head
I need to stop biting my nails… They hurt.
When you lack direction the only place left to look is your past. When you have direction and take action you have little time for your past
awesooommee!! Its al because of your excellent guitar work;)
That'a absurd and you know it!
Now if you ask me to share my ben and jerrys ice cream, be prepared for me to scream in your face! :)
RT : Bosh: "This season has to be extended for me to play again."
Sorry... I just get so hungry sometimes.
Let's Go Pacers!
Shooting tomorrow. Stay tuned!
Happy New Year! Here are the top 10 #concerts of 2010 - www.theconcertstage.com/blog/index.html
thanks for the note. Sounds gr8. Couldn't direct message you back. How should we link up in Phoenix?
I called you ma'am...I don't feel the love
you = understand ? nerd : normal;
We passively take in messages from the world around us, even if we’re not overtly conscious of those messages.
Grind time. Only five weeks until I leave this place. Can't wait!
Tina Tree Bill brah
I will be on KEYE tomorrow promoting my coat collection! Make sure to tune in. I will be on between 4 and 5 pm!
Yay the internets have returned to my house!
omg. omg. 'kidrauhl makes us wet'... is trending.. lmfao. i'd love to see justin biebers face when he sees that.
Fav show on My Wife and kid wen JR wanted to B a rapper >>>>>>>>>>>>>
I wonder how he feels knowing he's like the hottest guy in the school... #MarryMe #
So many talented people! All I can do is cross stitch... that doesn't really work for doll props/clothes!
I feel you on that.
EVERYTIME I MENTION BLACK PANTHER OR SOME REAL SHIT UM OFF THE NEXT DAY!!!! WTF??? COSPIRACY??? HM??? MJ, PAC, EAZY, BIGGIE, PIMP C, ETC..
LMAO! Cuz you know there's so many shades of green
Yo mama so nerdy, she thought breastfeed was an RSS!
shit, don't scare me mf!
#SmileAustin #CheerUpAustin MAHOMIES LOVE YOU!!! <3 we hate seeing you sad D':
we are walking to Humboldt park now! Otherwise Friday...
": If it looks like she has a nice big ass on instagram chances are she's fat in person"
If books are relegated to "off campus" sites or "print on demand" they also require the space (& costs) of the digital equipment to access.
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I don't know if i should go further than just kissing on my imagines. Should I?
well I'm depressed af now
Email if you want to join the Fashion show committee!
ISLAND PRACTICE the only full time dr in nantucket- which treats the rich, illegal immigrants, 7th generations Nantucketians.
had Packers v Tampa yesterday and now onto Chiefs at Patriots. Just hopping from one cold stadium to another.
I love this. I love anything from the sports world
Are you planning any sort of #home #renovation this year? If so, what projects?
yo where u watching the game at
Not cool, #MySpace! What makes you think it's OK to follow with Nickelback?!!?
I would agree. RT : is it safe to say that most learning via SM happens in a context that we CANT measure?
yayy clean house!!! I want a bottle of wine tonight lol do you have to wake up early?
it was How old was Mr. Galini when he died on iPie? :P pretty easy but good! :)
ESPN baseball analyst Steve Phillips acknowledges having an affair with an assistant and has taken a leave of absence during the playoffs.
im good about to be at work
I'm totally joking we need to be planning this road trip so we can have SUPER DUPER FUN before u go to Water Polo
I agree w criticisms of LIS ed & improvements are def needed but often sounds like students are just resting on their laurels
i knew somethin was goin on with u and gio but its ok i also have a sancha
Gawd dammit. It's more difficult to find an affordable pair of men's leopard print loafers than I thought!
Awesome, you'll have to teach that trick.
Just finished watching Marry The Night! OMG it was AMAZING!!!! I LOVED IT!!! :D
STAAR tomorrow, goodnight ✌
I'm glad great "thigs" are happening. :) Hard work pays off.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow , I promissee Ill Make You Love me Foreveer Real talk ♥ ( P R O D ]
USB. No serial hookups. Our computer doesn't eat breakfast.
Thanks so much for coming yesterday! I hope you are inspired to create new stuff while cozy in hoodies.
CHRISTA I CAN'T. I JUST CAN'T. UGGHHH.
and just as important for writers to learn visual/graphic design, cross-platforms. Even if not a primary task - good knowledge.
Jésus Montero caught 1 hitter vs Twins. Young catcher is broke in, but Kevin Millwood is broken.
I studied #Chekhov 9 mnths with Eugene be4 he went to USC. Amazing, inspired experience 4 me - he blew it wide open 4 me.
I made a whole pot of coffee! With milk even :-)
Thank you!!xox
You're gorgeous (:
And Hamilton homers again! 2-0
I go for sleep, but I'm old.
lmao. What happens on those days?
Cool.... that you came on twitter :P ahaha
It was short for me! I was late because of and the Detroit show, so tired, lol! But worth every bit...
#whatmakesyoubeautiful your personality :)
Now THAT sounds like a winning idea....see you then!
Bills sign Mark Anderson. 4year deal
It brought him back to being human for me. She was his Horatio.
and they are amazing! Try the Unicorn dog.You won't be disappointed.
That I've heard, but it's a bit north of the region being discussed.
The Christmas tree and decor are officially up!! Let the month of festivities begin!!
It's fantastic so far and feels much different from your other novels, in a good way!
" I have a theory if you shop at every Nemian Marcus good things will happen to you. " I subscribe to that theory. xoxo
My Dream is to meet my favorite wwe Superstar
tryn to take over the world
Thanks for the trivia ; Roses are the most requested flower tattoo.
Thanks and No i refuse what if his friends make fun of me
That's as much as my kids will tolerate. Time to go be a Mama. Thanks to all & have a great night!
Your welcome ♡
Dr. Seuss has left the building ;) Later, Trish!
It's a dog eat dog world, and hey I'm a b*tch
sounds desperate to me, to keep offering your opponent a position in your administration.
“: RETWEET THIS!: The party doesn't stop with Cebu Pacific's Kalibo-Hong Kong direct flights starting Mar 23!”
DAMN...you cannot kill Mike Myers, Halloween... that dude is made of what? Zombie?! lol
I hate accomplishing things before 10. I get so bored.
YEAH UR FINE BITCH BUT CAN U GIG?
It's All About You Magazine is now on twitter, follow us
show me love
Hello Chicago
Good crowd do far! Come on out to our all ages show
Thanks! And thanks for the help! I typo/misspelled Maine. No offense intended to that fine state!
Dick Stockon Just makes me think of #Celtics-#Lakers in the 80's.
I think that means you're officially a southerner now!
what do i do with these ancient computer speakers??!
Just got so excited for outdoor soccer freshly painted fields ah!
fix me some 2 chicken at that
Turning into more than a stop gap “: A.J. Ellis is finally going to be the guy who makes me care about an All-Star campaign.”
Joshua. Cowl necks are not cool. Stop.
the hells wrong with u loser.
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, Minestrone, Ravioli Florentine, Chicken & Pasta,M
i think we can sue them for lieing
Moring :) u going. To school
Glad ExLibris into LLD; lib partners in Open-URL community is needed to enable Web-scale info infrastructure
She did!
That looks pretty good - I don't know if you need the pectin, though.
Who says VA is not the place to come out to for a nice Day party w Secret society? Melody Tavern is the next lounge spot for all event.
RT : Facebook now has 901 million users and 85% of them have invited me to their improv show.
"the minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long" 💙
Can't wait to celebrate my bday with best friends,sister and my favorite girls in the entire world !!! Happy Birthday To Myself!!! ; )
Will do fam for sure. When you there next?RT : gotta come visit the store 7552 Melrose ave,Its Poppin!
Omw , to get some Taco Bell ( :
So glad you enjoyed it! We loved it, too :)
SHOWGIRLS is the most underrated movie of all time.
Nigga you see where it say #hptheaters ? That's my laptop nigga. Lol.
Where did you run this weekend? And who's prepping for ? Can you believe it's here?
Another one: tautology.
I love me some Zac Brown Band.
I'll be like I never got it. Dude she stalks my profile then comes over and asks who EVERY guy I talk to is. I'm like wow..
Working on finishing up D.Griff's music video "Chainsaw" shot, produced, edited & Directed by me Brian Alexander Scott. BAS RECORDS!
RT : Picking out A Format For Your On the net E-Ebook Publishing Online ...: Picking out A Format For Your On the net......
& K. Blackistone, PLEASE talk some sense into ur boy about the lockout. Cat's spitting foolishness.
I know he doesn't ! Even sometimes I doubt Cody's love , but then I realize that he does love me :) <3
Sippin D&D hazelnut.. I need to study for this Healthful Living Quiz b4 going to spend time with mommy for Mday!
201 followers on here...things are picking up!
I must have this!!!
Just gave my final class presentation. Missing the punctuality of CHI timekeepers. A fellow student is now 30 minutes over time.
damn exciting race in namur. fantastique!
What's your favorite shoe on history channel?
WTF JUST HAPPENED ?!
yep! I'm gonna be 16 this year!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Am the young white mamba of my town jajajjaajjaa that's thruth!!
Thanks SO much Yuri! You rock.
Hey everyone, we really need you to help get our name out there, more listeners won't be able to check us out without your word of mouth!
was fine till I saw the baby hippo
i'm so surprised my forehead doesn't hurt from last night hahaha
I've tried & tried.. Im done .
HeLLo RT : At an Easter Brunch with ...
Cant sleep.... Send help.
I just purchased from 39 glasses...hopefully it will turn out better than your experience...
they just cant catch a break with DLine. next up Worthy will pull a Ricky Williams and take a year off to travel, lol
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
It's more that I prevented Carrot Cake.
is finally, totally, completely delivered to Osiris Entertainment.
Heading out for a 5 mile walk. #NoExcuses - let's get fit!
i wonder if people see how pathetic you truly are.
Is that grey in your beard Nigel ?
you headed to the oumr convention bro. Let me know. Make sure ybget the VIP treAtment
I need to find new friends
This is national write a letter of appreciation week. Thank you for reading this tweak.
anything to spice up this warehouse with no windows......
up early but anyways good morning twitter
How was everyone's Thanksgiving?
Skating Rink is jumpin...yall bring ya azz...then after this we're going to the ALL WHITE AFTER PARTY AT METRO (229 E. HOUSTON ST)
Thank God for lettin me see another day rich with his grace and mercy.!
frank the tank! “: Actually have a nice little Saturday planned go to home depo play for a sweet 16 maybe bed bath and beyond”
-- saw that you are friends with my girls... do you ever need a photographer for any of your events? check out my website!
Polls have been closed for an hour and there are zero results on Rock County website
Finally!!! Now we can iMessage, instead of text... :)
Thanks so much!! We love
never tweets me back... :'(
My co-worker just called me a slut and a whore. Thank you Derrick :'(
Kitchen Gadgets aisle will have some knives, but a) they'll be crappy and b) that's closer than I want to get to a ninja.
But did the octopus predict the spread? I don't think so.
Just had a fab lunch with Next stop - karaoke!
Apple Store App has extra capabilities when within range of an Apple Store. Westfield App detects closest mall.
Wahooo! Go, Martha, go!
My Hawaiian wedding countdown concludes...I am now Mrs. Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
What is the rule on an overtime first possession safety?
Enjoy your time outdoors.
“The connections betw & amng women r the most feared, the most problematic & the most potentially transforming force on the planet.” A.Rich
Yeah!!!!! I just got fired from my day job so I'm going to do full time boxing and comedy now
I've heard of both. Our booking agent is Daniel from Gideon, you should hit him up. I know we've got some tours in the works.
or just tml....early night
aww well thanks so much Yesenia! That would definitely be amazing!
new background <3
TUSD adds new breaks to 2012-2013 school year - KVOA Tucson News TUSD adds new breaks to 2012-2013 school year KVOA Tucson News TUCSON -
Kick Off is just about here…Who are you picking and why?
You smell like back that ass up.
so happy being a vikings fan here in tn
They're refueling the plane while we wait for Chicago weather to clear so we can land there. And THEN, after clearing customs
I only know the poor guy as a faucet-fixer! What does he do for a living?
Just had a massage by Brad at Very reasonable 1 hour $39
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless...be kind to someone today...
Oy. Jean Valjean is being played by a woman. #nontraditionalcasting. Perhaps there wasn't a guy who had the singing chops.
Stephen Elliott: "I kind of imagine Vaclav Havel grabbing the Dear Leader's lapels on the way out, saying, I'm taking you with me."
I'M NOT GONE DO THIS ON TWITTER
are you guys playing in Cinci?
RT if you're excited for my new cover in a few minutes! Ed Sheeran!
We gon take it to the moon.. Take it to the stars!! 
Honey!!!!! Ur gonna get my tea clocked!!!!! Delete!
yeah thank u
Weird things I type: "I wish they'd retcon this Jorah storyline to fucking."
I cant make you love me but i can make you happy ♥
dickhead, how your hair line doing lean it rock wit it?
Last weekend in the 303! If you wanna chill, you know where to find me ;)
belated thank you my friend. Beautiful weather!
is excited about attending the Business Marketing Association Milwaukee Bell Awards event tonight!
i wont :) lmao
3 Days to First-Year Orientation - Randolph College welcomes new students for orientation on August 26.
You are so loved Sheridan !
I have a similar issue. Some couple in Indiana gave out my address as theirs. Now I get all their AARP info...
thank you! Looking forward to helping out!
watch out for the Skittles.
There is more people that want it then people that have it
That is the question
UPDATE: Actor Joe Coyle (Ocean's Eleven) and producer Minette Seate (WQED) will join the January 30th panel at Carnegie Mellon University.
