Writing and hanging out with our great friend today!!!
When I met the boys at a concert in Oregon :) Oh, wait...
come to comm. service tomorrow night! solo art gallery opens up. whole FAK gang gonna be in the same building 4 first time in years!
He ha! #TracyLawrence is hootin' n hollerin' Welcome to Texas, Cowboy!
Well I have already sleep Farewell there still remain Haha Twitter and follow me
I want to know how much money Blizzard is making today.
Man! Didn't see the new NW Chocolate Cherry milkshake before I ordered my usual Chocolate Monkey. Oh well, cant go wrong!!
There are birds chirping outside my window rt now
Apparently I type faster when the beats faster...discovered will listening to 6 foot 7 foot by Lil Wayne.
Well it's not *that* spacious inside.
You're welcome! Enjoy your weekend.
Great 2 days of training with the #USNG. Thanks to Delta State Univ Instructors.
freak dancing with the teddy bear i gave him! Caught on camera!
I remember when I used to mean something to you.
Appreciate the follow. I'm a big fan. Just posted a Yelp review for today!
Just in case anybody's wondering, Zicam cold/flu syrup tastes awful. Just found out the hard way. Good Lord it's nasty! Stick to the tablets
I never disliked anybody so much...
Happy earth day! Without a computer this weekend do updating is hard!
I was going to say DAYS OF HEAVEN. It succeeds as working class story, archetypal myth, and nature pastoral all-in-one.
Pointed the tv remote at the calendar and hit fast forward. It did not go directly to hockey season.
Alabama reminds me of Nazi Germany during the pre-war days of the 1940's, There's so much hate down there that they can't contain it. SAD...
thanks Carrie :) Its going to be a slow recovery. I have to do physical therapy, Im bumming out. Just wanna be better already
Yeah! Another good, honest good food lover!
#aacu11 SLU demonstrates how post-program courses can enhance the short-term study abroad through contemplative analysis
I swear
Happy Thanksgiving!
oops i guess i should go back and fix it lol
If the Twins played like this every 3 games or so, they'll be straight.
big day today @ #americas food show, roundtables w/ 16 brazilian food co's and US and other buyers ....
Sometimes you do something that moves everything else off the table.
you're welcome! :-)
Still hurting over the loss last night
“Too late” stayed undefined, & I kept coming home “too late.”
[#Venting] Companies, Twitter is for 2-way comm. If I reach out to you w a simple, positive question. Follow up! It's been 4 days now.
Storm and calm are two sides of the same coin.
I think a lot of those restaurants were going to fail no matter what. The people have already given up.
I'm not gna lie I earned my money today.. Wookieepedia Ima need a drink.... Or 2..... Or 3
Oh yea, that one time when you lived in australia
It's a nice cool rainy day in Florida, all is well.Made home made bread stuffings w/ seasonings baking it w/ chicken brushed w/ olive oil
Girl them folks stupid af they can say wat they want fk them ol dusty, wm hoe's
Bob Lyons will be reading/signing On Any Given Sunday Thursday, July 1 @ 7:00PM @ Atlantic Books, 8th St. & the Boardwalk in Ocean City, NJ.
Embrace the PP in your life: PASSION and PATIENCE. #crushit Gary Vaynerchuk is what's up.
It's official MGMT is sold out
Goodness gratious! I'm leaving for church in like 10 minutes. I'm waking you up early tomorrow,<3
If you bring in a friend this week & they sign up for any Wild Workouts Membership Package, YOU will recieve $20.00 in Wild Referral...
3hr tops for me, if I don't take photos or use the GPS
"A well placed guestion can make space for a person" - paraphrasing Whats a guestion you've asked that's #madespace?
Wtf the Lakers getting they ass beat bad..
I can imagine. I will do what I can to help and hopefully other twitterers will do the same :)
would kill to be there my favorite club and Dj!! party extra hard since I'm missing out!!
#oracle #dba Have U verified yr backups lately? Have U created a disaster recover document? Save U sanity & look Ninja cool in a disaster
Damn, I guess I have to watch that next, gotta see me some of that LOL
Cool to see many indie tour co.s featured in today's email blast!
What is your inner voice telling you to do right now? Go do it!!
see i was doin the song so i tweeted mre den once but hey u deserve it happy birthday
Wtf did I just wake up to an earthquake?
A parasite want what's in your hand and a protege want what's in your heart.
Had such a good night with my prima your a party pooper fo' not dancing at the end:P
And to all my babies at Cole going to prom tonight, have fun! I love you guys.
That is a really good idea. Do you ever get much information from that question?
What did you all think about #Glee yesterday? We're all big fans of it at
Feeling evil today. "If Billy O'Riordan isn't drunk in twelve hours, I blow up a hospital".
My kids gone stay sick being around that
Hey #Belltown - Happy hour is until 7pm tonight. Drink cheap & start your night right!
In Charlotte waiting for ride over to
I dont know what to do for my birthday! Anyone have any ideas?
#thingsthatpissmeoff when they make the really hot guy die in a movie.
Watching in Overboard, very funny and cute movie.
I knew I should have worked out .... Got way too much energy still
player or someone that is close to his talent level. Let's talk basketball
love that motto. No naysayers in my crew.
I been doing strange thangZ fa lil piece change so I can get me some new #TOYS fa da summer..
Weekly Picks Presented By Venga
It's been how long and these jokes are still amusing to you?
I have read it. Can you come up with a slappy slogan for me too? Just kidding.
At least next week is brand I'd love to work on
Second the endorsement for
some say it is the highest form of compliment
NEED COFFEE
#20ThingsAboutMe I like attention. But I mean, doesn't everyone?
Accidently said "Love you too" when I got off the phone with my sister. She didn't even say she loved me first.
I wonder how many years grad school is taking off of my life expectancy...
Banker's Revolt Tues Oct. 27th 10:30 a.m. Wacker and Stetson, Chicago, Illinois! We bailed out banks, they raked in 30 bill in profit.
Smh I should be ashamed
security through obscurity = 1 / (number of devices * ease of access * stupidity of programmers )
Dani worked on Lady Gaga's Born This Way video-she's looking 4,“Those who believe there's enough to go around 4 everyone”
um, going on 9 hours with no update...hello? is this thing on? :-)
fascinating. Wow.
I don't watch hockey but have to pay for the nhl package #whenwasthatagreedupon?
Women all have that one girlfriend they get freaky wit
it's a good one. They play it on the jukebox a lot at some bars I frequent.
Ah....bummer. It was a good one for sure. Next time!
I'm not in this I didn't do shit. leave me alone with this shit
We are pleased to host our Mothers Day Gift Show with #Jewelry by and #Handbags & Accessories by this weekend!
YES! Im dying to know if you were on stage singing show tunes
that's possible... but that's not a typo...
RT : to calculate stoner time: driving time + 20 min to actually leave the house + 10 min drive thru time + 10 min per person.
Oh yeah weddings...that should be good times!
Thank you for sharing. Go Kings!
Most people think it's bad to go to the grocery store while hungry. I disagree. When I shop hungry, I'm more realistic about what I'll eat.
all of your extreme fans are ruining this for u. Most of us want u to stay & learn under Manning. Ask the extremists to calm down
Music is in the ear of the beholder. I'm gonna stick with that one :)
This Friday we will find out if Kimbo Slice will be fighting in Louisville on May 19th!!!
Feeling sweats, fuzzy ass boots, and a tee today. Waah
i thought you did though hun my bad :) i could be better :)
Largely in favor of time limit on how long a team can keep players; contracts or season cap both work. Encourages trading.
happy saturday. on the show 2night - we take u2 for sessions performance segment featuring 1am. NBC7. its on.
3 bad ass dudes right here! Follow these musical surgeons now!
idk I guess the top of the Y could be like your thumb honestly I have no idea I just went along with it trololol~
When I don't have anything to do in any class until 5th period my motivation to wake up for the first four is severely lacking.
On my wat to skate world for the roller derby workshop: be a derby chick for the day. Watch out ladies, Cat-your-A$$ is coming!
A DVD of Cool Runnings.
Green lights and pink skys vibin wit
Hello Dwight's teachers. Dirk Funk, from Amarillo Texas here.
Too bad you're all the way in ATL...
Man im eatin good sittin here in a robe that was custom made in Togo..i feel like a King..musta been 1 before they slaved us 2 the americas
we communicate on so many different levels, not emotionally, just electronically, I cant remember where the last message
Feelin like today's gonna be a good ass day
Mobile integration is becoming a necessary component for any successful communications and outreach strategy.
I should probably die.
I wish I could take a snap shot of this moment to share with everyone the awkward moments I'm capable of attracting ..
We want to raise the bar for #westbaltimore and for the city
was fucking awesome tonight!
payment due the too?
This is one terry collins updated with Ed I could do without! Fransisco is our closer...Jason Bay is CLOSER than we thought to coming back.
you obviously weren't pissed enough at the fumble to stay awake!! how u feelin'
is keeping me up when I'm trying to go to sleep...
I don't feel good.
I'm sorry! Ill share a pizza lunchable with you tomorrow! :3
Thanks! Want one? : nice shirt!
I agree, but most people have an investment in apps like RunTracker which makes it hard to switch.
yo what's up
pick an arguement then Chat from the others perspective. "as if channeling the view of the other". TOPIC is key here
For some reason when I'm lying in bed my feet freeze yet I absolutely can not for the life of me sleep with socks on
Mine need an android vzw phone anyone ?
Work...not feeling it.
Pottermore sorted me in Ravenclaw. Day made.
top 10 for sure by the way I wrecked my dome drunk. I'm on that wagon with u!
Take-out Thai was a success, it by success I mean bloated mess. However, the screening of Pulp Fiction went swimmingly. #blueberrypancakes #
where u been?
Today was one of many important steps towards making a better life for my loved ones and myself.. So happy and thankful
im ready start doing right cause tht's the best thing to do > 3
totally awesome!!
hospital chairs suck.
Latina Leaders, follow El Nacional: In Search of the American Dream
And that's game.
will you text me sometime then?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 3 Washington Redskins 17 Halftime #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Headlining tonight at COBO, Tim Young, NBC's "Last Comic Standing" finalist! W/feature set by CA Funniest Female winner Rebecca Arthur!
Up so early for prayer at spelman. This chick is not awake. This is some dedication right huurrr. Dang. God bless yall. Hope u r sleep. :)
Successful research trip to McKeldin and I walk outside to snow...not a bad day at all!
My man working on a Holiday!! I see you pimp! DENVER STAND UP!!
Not to sorry.
and gay boys of any age and walk of life
Yes we will be! :) Thanks! RT : yes! But I did clothes in January so shoes are due... Goodwill will be very happy lol
you too thanks xoxoxox
The honest reason I wear yoga pants is cause I'm too lazy. Idgaf if you check me out or not. I'm comfortable.
Oh really your just going to walk in here
Some guy in a Ft. Lauderdale grocery store just walked by me and said: "Alright, !"
Second sucks
Hey. What's up
Great game tonight Hester!! Congrats on the return! Hope your ankle is feeling good!
How many of Vick's college games did you watch?
that's a very diplomatic response lol
you should try Ohio.
Yea they do, but idk how the news can make a 14 year old kid killing his 4 year old cousin seem worse than what it really is.
Dear person hammering outside my window, Is that realllyyyy necessary?
A TON of stuff to get done next week in WV but I'll be spending it all with my ♥Baby b/c she is coming with me!!!♥
I have a few.... especially since I am dating someone new :)
*Liam getting flashed* "OH MY GOD, THIS IS SOMEONE'S DAUGHTER!"
no way? that would be awesome! can she give me a little shout out ;)
John Fox you cant run it every time on first down
if she's a troll she is the most dedicated one I've ever seen. She deserves some recognition if that's the case.
was just singing that!
Tiki Bar, Bud Light, and Sunshine...doesn't get much better than this!
Tinkoff Credit Systems eyes Eurobond issue - source
Duke losing cuz
7 years ago today won there 1st world series in 86 years
Yessir!...there AFTER Waiting to Exhale..lol RT : um Love Jones don't do nothing for you ???
John needs to get a twitter can you imagine the cycle of HTDOTs and Here's the smart thing to dos, He'd have a million followers!
I really don't feel like doing my homework today ! Oh well , I'm bs-ing this -.-
Today Makeup, lashes and eyebrow arches for the glamour girls of Detroit
#ThePriceIsRight on Wed. was off da chain. Perfect for Crunkfest 2012. Now let's see what other miracles occur in the Anniversary Month!
Joe B made TURKEY MOLE for tge special today! Come on in and give it a try! BONUS: Niki is back from vacation!!!
woohooo Write it up fast Will and get it to me ASAP! Let's be first.
Time for bed so I can get up in 4 hours, walk the dog and then get back at it. It's going to be a busy week.
too bad we only have 140 character I would tell you the words of Wisdom Harrison once bestowed on me:)
Does anyone know where T303 is at dade Kendall campus 😣
If love had a price on it, the way we all be in & out of it we would all be broke as fuck... Lmao
Big boy, just like his daddy! Thx.
idk whatever you talking about.
everyone else talks about seeing their camp friends again and i talk about seeing my intensive friends again <3
Bumper sticker spotted this a.m.: "Don't steal/The government hates competition"
yes it is buddy.
me2 especially I worked it for 2 season going on 3:)
Love you Brookie! :) thanks
Don't forget to “Like” us on Facebook and write on our wall or tweet to us to be entered to win our GRAND PRIZE Ducati! at #interop!
I don't ask for much at all...so when I do it's for a legit ass reason.
There is a difference btw "I have to" and "I want to" Just sayin'
And while you are at it, try to knock some sense into their heads
I just ate. I'm still hungry. Why.
Awesome! Another awesome episode too!
... placing artwork in new environments will allow viewers to re-analyze the art and to experience new emotional feedback
Wonderful idea! And you can explain how you've created all of those jobs in Milwaukee!
#Orioles have played the #Yankees close in all of their contests. Nice to see.
Thanks for the follow peeps!!
Gracias! I like to collect handles like domains…you just never know
No reason for such shitty playing turf at Soldier Fld. #Packers have Euro hybrid soccer turf. #Bears have painted green dirt and excuses.
Nobody believes in you till you do!
NBA postpones training camps, cancels first week of pre-season games, due to lockout. Blazers won't report in early Oct.
Good luck with your move Erin! Welcome to Seattle!
Hey , and I are going to play tennis in a bit. Any interest?
Nicely Said
The music on #terranova is awful
Add your business category so Google can index your business effectively, putting it higher in search ranks!
Airport bar
is the drawing somewhat accurate?
Never seen that movie...
This concert gon b a kiddie show
My mom called me pretty today. Havent heard that from her in a lonng time :o
Speed and Radio? Congrats! We need to talk!
Off to Morocco today peeps! Follow me on Instagram for tidbits of my week!
Thanks, I'm trying.
u and doing a collab song any time in the near future ?
Loving the tattoo but its driving me crazy to take a few days off from the gym. # healquickly
Bout time bff RT : And I'm in these streets tonite
What up you funny style nigga
That was fast.
and I am a girl who happens to be gay 
I considered that. Something about the way it looks on the page stops me. Alec Freemont. I think he's an Alex.
please stop spamming my mentions
are you gonna at least come down and party one weekend when I move out in september ?
Finally ordered a new pair of TOMS
*Shouts as I toss the Greyhound bus* I knew you would win my Lass.
Ilise is 15 today!!!! Happy Birthday!
I think I would have done you proud today in oral args. :) It was a great time! :)
Today in 1940 21-year old Bob Feller of the #Indians pitched #MLB's only Opening Day no-hitter.
.#Shaq "I got shoes bigger than most #hybridcars"
Oh, that poor broken boy who only ever wanted to be whole.
Michael Manolgas is among Monday night's story tellers for Culture Shock: Stories confronting the new, strange and often scary.
..with my mind on my coffee &coffee on my mind.. 🎶
Great read. Informative.
favorite MMA analyst?
One step closer to the dream.
To follow my professional twitter feed: FF
i just realised that too :O
Wow! That is really fun - and they both look gorgeous!
Who's you favorite female boxer/fighter?
what rings? I opted out today. Just ring around the collar for me :)
Thanks Justin!
The heights fiesta FTMFW
They should have made it Borders Bar & Grill.
JUST got here. Better late than never!
WHAT IT DO BRO?
Haha! Thank you!
but really! I don't want to spend a weekend doing wedding stuff
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocracy......
RT : People in the South really are friendlier. So annoying.
Do bad, they'll hate you. Do good, they'll still hate you.
Twitter, Google, Yahoo... who names these, Dr. Suess?
Morning) , It Would Make My Sunday !
Waking up is hard to do.
Bye bye iPhone :(
“If you a make a sale you make a living. If you make an investment of time and good service in a customer, you can make a fortune.”
haha diggy buzzing just cause cole dropped like 4 lines on him,thinking how a whole track will sound like
Because sometimes home doesn't mean the house your family lives in.
Fill in the blank. I'd like to fight for CFA because__________.
Yay! New Allergic Living mag came today. Can't wait to see what's new! FAAN member discount for subscription.
good night folks! i am beat! early day tomorrow; starting with a breakfast meeting. be blessed!
Music is what feelings sound like.
There are a lot of ugly people in my timeline tonight.
OK, forget work I'm going to Tracks, don't they have a pool table? Dif great food and A chance to catch up on da bills.
Leaving the literate individual self behind for the multiplicity of selves/ nodes of consciousness.
I can't remember how to warp to 8. I know how to warp to 5, and I suck at it. Btw, 8-2 kills me everytime
Yeah sorry, I said it.
Finance, Credit, Investments – Economical Categories
I'm proud to be the daughter of kylito! Love you dad!:)
“: Spencer is always thugging”
Sheesh lol we need bottles bud ain't never a problem they prob gona be dealers there
The show went amazing!! So proud of everyone! #Hairspray <3
I was just in MplsStPaul for MN horse expo.
So sorry to hear that! What didn't work for you?
NW: power rangers
Things are looking up. So many awesome things happening.
I fucking hate when she does that. HATE
"Free at last, they took your life, they could not take your PRIDE."
That awkward moment someone tells you that you don't look like you're feeling well and the only difference is you're just sans makeup.......
Bout to go to my room.
Español final...At 9am...on a Saturday. Wish me some buena suerte :)
That was pretty amazing. Super low, too.
I promise I will, and it'll be an uber wordy and lengthy response!
OH on College Ave earlier: "I took my valium, what's up with her?"
I think its something like rosetta stone but not sure
The one thing I like about the Clippers is CP3. He allows them to compete against anyone. I think MEM matches up better though
Boomer sooner!!!
S/o to my fitness fam!
in da south where yall at
Katy Perry: Blue hair. Nicki Minaj: Pink hair. Rihanna: Yellow hair. Lady Gaga: Green hair. I thought the Power Rangers were cancelled
I wish yall wouldn't post the same stuff on Twitter as on Facebook. I read them both. I bet lots of others do, too. Cmon.
I need to listen to my music!!
The Man Who Split the Liberty Valence Electron
Oregon Department of Ag and Friends of Family Farmers share the stage for 1st panel in #localfood #KYF2 convo with Blumenauer/Bonamici.
Just left the movies(:
Have we done work for you in the past? Let us know how we did! Leave us a recommendation on Facebook!
Glad our Chicago partners Brian and Kerryann made it up to MKE. Temp workforce issues up next!
you know why
you like alcohol
RT : Profiles, payment and reviews are the key to building trust at AirBnB and extends the collaboration economy Gennia
At a cocktail reception, I referred to Amnesty International as "The Gucci of Social Justice." I wasn't even drinking.
Geek Culture: Why we love Toonami (and need it to return) - 2D-X
The point is why exclude large numbers of legitimate voters just to catch a handful of illegal voters?
Studio flow
Book your Christmas party before you say oops I waited too long and there are no reserved sections left :(
amazing.. i want another that loves the city, team and us.. to him its a money machine..
dream: riding a segway while wearing rollerblades in a hotel. could not find return station. repeatedly fell forward but segway corrected
thanks for the concern. I get it LOL
Are there discount tickets being offered 4 'Jazz Moves Columbus' shows? I'd love 2 take my wife but need affordable tickets. Tkx!
RT: RT They hate what they can't understand (Diddy voice)
I miss the days when Twitter spam had at least a half naked girl as their avatar. Now everybody's lazy!!
Looks like someone badly needs another chair to the face. RT : His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman.
Isn't "credible character witnesses from the entertainment industry" kind of an oxymoron?
another great show ladies!!!!!! keep it up.
they are :)
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Swish or die! fool
Follow if you love TVD #shoutout is courtesy of writer of upcoming book series
we had a program that partnered architects w/local students. They build massive lego structures & then we displayed them.
Nothing What Are You Doing ?
At the Gourmet Diner in N. Miami sipping Sauvignon Blanc and thinking about my order. Tonight's souffle: zucchini.
good idea! Tomorrow night at 8:30?
check out the store on reverbnation.com/djscramblez for t-shirts and hoodies
Yes, you are. You're one of the few people i know that have one of the best personalities like ever. <3 and your gorgeous.<33
Much debate on max characters in alt tags.
I only realized later when I had a chance to catch up with older tweets. Nice to see you in-person.
(cont.) How do you make love to a person animal style?" <---- Worst questions a child can ask. Best questions a child can ask someone else!
not sure would approve.
When I was younger I saw, my daddy cry and curse at the wind. He broke his own heart and I watched. As he tried to reasemble it.
RT : What a day. <<This, but by day I mean week.
RT WHY DO SO MANY DIET AND EXERCISE PLANS FOLLOW ME?!
follow Laze on instagram : follow Lokii jays twitter
Truecompliments.com is finally running in business! www.truecompliments.com
peace out, nigs. 
we are ready to go...just pointed the domains..watch out..not your grandfathers voice...yours
Long glass rehearsal. Ive missed these ladies! See excerpts free thu at BTP 8p
How are so many still tweeting right now. It's 5 am go TF to sleep.
Come open a new account at Bank of America on Sahara and Nellis today. I need 4 so that I can have a day off to volunteer! Help me out!
Cool. Always wanted to go 2 that aquarium. RT : In Atlanta for #SoCo2010! Then taking Jenn to the aquarium later this afternoon!
So glad you're there! Citrus Singers from Citrus College are on tour and in your audience tonight! You're amazing!!!
THANK YOU !!! Juliet should've won
#NowPlaying: Music from #DoctorWho on Vinyl Grooves
excruciating toothache this mornin..
Let's work together to equip schools to We have worked with other #celebrities to further
holy shit. that's depressing, and sad, and scary.
I had an intern no show to their first day on the job...apparently he had a mid quarter life crisis over the holidays. poor kid.
Little kids now a day throw away the words "I love you" like it's a paper airplane.
The rout is on
dang! missin ya! :)
ya le dije
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and "_
Working again tomorrow! Yay! Santa's answering my wish list :)
ol bitch!!
Spice Girls &#39;emotional&#39; over show
What should I do now??????
howdy neighbor good to see you on here.
Do I hop a fence and walk 100 yards to return movies? Or just pay to keep them another day? Ah, I wanna listen to audio commentary, anyway.
Some people might say it's a bag half full. ;)
“: Thank you so much for following me!! I love your songs!:]” Thank you so much!
Hey Jeff, I'm making your Creole sweet potato casserole tonight!
I'm thinking someone ought to warn Apple :D
Mister Clerk ... the story of the lives of Goans in Africa, and more... (2/3)
Keep stepping...u have tons of people who believe in u and on top of that UR DOPE!!!
LUCK is on our side! lesgo colts
I'm just curious as to how many more questions you get from UofL and UK fans than any other fanbase? What's the %?
#shehechat A3: I don't mind slides but they should not be the presentation. You are the presentation. What's in your brain.
Something to think about? RT: : Should I mail a thank you letter or send it through linkedin?
You should! The muffins are absolutely amazing. Plus pie!
- I'd say #Gronk was #Crunk at that moment...
He had a blast, for sure. He is super charismatic.
the commercials make you cry, but check out to prevent animal cruelty. if you're like me and like animals more than people, DO IT
Dont come at me side ways , I wont come at you side ways
Please monitor your teens: Some of them are having some serious mental health crises on FB & Twitter and their peers can't help.
Mayor Gibson of Miami Gardens up next on #MorningJoe!
Then 3 hands later I double with a3 vs 56 on 432 turn 3 river 2 what what most chips went in on turn but I got my value on the riverp
in Tampa ... getting it!
bahaha why do you send me a dm!?:b lol tweet!! haha
Theres gonna be a time when people say u cant do something or live your dreams but u know what i say #NEVERSAYNEVER.plz follow
and hes is way more athletic than them
Ah...double bacon, egg & cheese sandwich. All is right with the world...for the next few minutes of consumption anyway.
I really wish producers would send me tracks I like. Don't get me wrong some of them are cool! But most of them are not inspiring at all:(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
if you can get 10 of your Face Book friends to like us we will send you a free shirt. It will raise ur awesomeness promise!
I need them after yesterday too 😔 no fun
Driving through buffalo listening to the Seems fitting :)
Q5 We try to reg early just because we know what others like us have to go through!
Little cousins birthday party today.
you drink too much coffee.
down a packet of sugar
And yet again customer service fails MISERABLY. 2+ mo., multiple messages, and I've yet to hear from anyone re: our ad acct.
that happend to me last night :/
Designed to be decorative & functional, #bar/beverage center are wonderful additions to any room you want to have cold beverage options
What are you most looking forward to for #ImagineRIT this year?
Potting soil everywhere. My general vicinity is where houseplants go to die.
I think he is slightly insane~
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.
that's all I'm praying for!
So long Kentucky.
"...I have been too long in the crowd, too long in the forest." - Martin Luther King
Somebody better get they nappyheaded kids away from me fore i steal on em !
Adrian Bryan-Brown says he thinks Enda is "just kidding." The guy's hilarious.
Josh Hamilton may just be God
"The richest people in the world look for and build networks, everyone else looks for work."-- Robert T. Kiyosaki
me 2 love u ariana its gunna be awesome rite :D
Day and a half with no website. Radio market 31 done poorly.
Woke up w/ running through my head: "have no fear brooklyn's here!" You're gonna love the new songs.
arctic monkeys crushing it.
2011's almost here so I say you grab some items to start the new year looking oh so fresh ;)
playing #spottheshuttle with most of DC. Wish there was always this much excitement for space exploration.
I just have to say i will miss you on the real housewives of NYC....but you are soo talented and such a sweetie! xoxo
Good game butler.u can't beat 8.
My sister may be gone all day at orientation but lets make sure she has the house key so Dom can't get in. Such bullshit.
ditto. Ima write you a letter and send it by snail mail... lol
Lost our 6th (out of 7) basketball game by 20+ tonight. However, playoffs start next week and I'm feeling we could be the #cinderella team.
Anyone see bottles or cases of Hopslam yet? Vecenie's is already sold out :(
Just creeped one of Katy's friends and saw she tweeted about Britney and RTed it. No biggie
Better late than never. On second thought, it is September. Let them be!
Who says musicians don't need math
Thanks for being an awesome guest lecturer in our Sport Media class at ! Most fascinating one yet.
RT : Are you anywhere near downtown Portland? Tell be people we would love to serve them! Bring them on over!
we should try to see if we can get them to a quarter million by Friday.
Lolz she's watching tv
As a professional arbitrator, he's got a responsibility to his own career to stay quiet, don't you think?
I feel like I always work...: but I really don't....
hope the job interview i had pans out.... It would solve this issue
get here.....have a beer and need a buddy. Let's go
ohh okay have fun(:
lmao we don't discriminate. She loves her "brown" baby
Nap time. Fuggit
Pitino: Insert timeout here
Umm...shouldn't Quinn be more bruised in the face?
Shit seems different than they used to
i wanna switch yt accounts and start all over...half my subscribers dont even watch anyway, and i just think it would make more sense....idk
I'll know what I want when I see it
Moving at the end of the end of the summer- so I'm creating a #Pittsburgh bucket list ... ideas?
you're the reason why I'd like to become an actress(:
#WhenAustin wears socks and sandals. <3
You can definitely say that again!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet - Fran Lebowitz
We should talk again about setting up that voter drive.
Setg Meyers had some funny bits on weekend update
lol get it girl!
theres a tweet limit?!
good question, i'm not really sure! but the battery lasts forever regardless.
I feel like an #angel ~
Come on Ledford bring this one a good trip please
of course! Yum! Congrats!
hey I'll help you , and then we should eat them xD!
RT - Time for The Hill-Man Huddle with JULIAN EDELMAN of The New England Patriots!
Gregg & Patton have each given up 5 of the pen's 14 earned runs. Rest has allowed 4 ERs in 56 innings
Wait it was just the toilet flushing...
even on weak little computer speakers u make being at work with a head cold bearable.
Re Volt production stoppage, GM spox Rob Peterson to me just now: "This is temporary. Sales began to rebound in February..." 1/2
#ididnttextyouback because you annoy me.
here you go
Oops. Yeah, the second looks broken too.
<---- u finally got rid of that damn blackberry haha! yay =) =)
Thank you, my long-lasting friend!
Lol . To some people everyone is two people ;)
:) My days are usually good. Things can't always be perfect. :)
RT - Cleveland Indians fitted is a must.
Today was the shit! O:
You got it! Coming up in the next 15!
I ❤ Wednesday night shows with :)).
Someone just liked one of my status's on Facebook from 2011...
what does that mean?
Wining and dinning at Jack in the Box with
Be faithful to your roots.
Guess I won't be patching any of my xboxs for the new SFxT patch until the fireball/knife game breaker is gone. Long live sf4 and marvel.
Antics or murk?
& talked a little about tonight. But, really, who doesn't.
nice! I really love the #diving in Bahamas + Bonaire. And my realtor just got back from Little Cayman + said it was awesome
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot
Need More Followers ! shoutout
"Far too intricate to be made up"
Is this thing on? Bueller?
I think it's kind of degrading. Ghetto.
Rick perry is a smarter version of W. Scary.
Trying the twitter from new phone wee!
PR Tip: If u want your story on TV, think visually! If ur pictures are good they’ll end up on TV or the front page of the paper for sure!
count me in! When shall we start?
said son, age 5, to me: When I become a spy, you can be my sidekick.
once washed my feet. It was totally awkward.
that's the kind of talk that will make rethink letting u on Facebook in a few years...
WORLD ARTHRITIS DAY TODAY! Visit any and $10 from your massage/facial will be donated to the Arthritis Foundation!!
- wish I could go. Looks so good!
I'd love to. You've hit the big time, my friend. Email me at . I'll shoot you my number. Great to hear from you.
i mean he's was as smooth as a pillow during that scene i'll give him that lol ;)
sick with a fever of 102.9
One teacher who attended the #cercll2011 workshop on L2 gaming has already gotten her students playing CityVille in French!
hitting isn't the problem right now, hitting with RISP is. horses we have aren't quite ready yet.
Sometimes I pretend love songs are about me:P
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 6
Gold Coast's Finest, created by 4 kids showing you how to be the finest you can be.
Thanks for the follow . Have a good Turkey day!
SALLIE CLARK, COUNTY COMMISSIONER!
Tebow Pats fans have no class
game on!
RT : Can't wait to represent tomorrow in the demo pit! Cloud without design is just fog...
Let me know if you want to take a look at it!!!!
who likes killjoys? they kill the joy and fun in life! if they were suppose to love life, at least have some joy in it!
Lets get it! Go cop my girl's EP! RT : did "Faith" on 's "Armor On" EP. That record goes!!!
Grt Job ! See u "back home again in Indiana" ... Jim Neighbors style!!
Ice cream in my future.. yunz open?
The Bulls r a great example of a team full of guys executing & taking pride in their roles. Every guy doing their job even cheering on bench
Getting ready for a big night, we've got tours starting at 4, kicking off beer week at Steny's at 5 and Taste of Great Brewers at 6!
WHAT? Nope...I need to peep that fam! Send me a link!
S/O to #DeltaSigmaTheta / #DST of FAMU for the shirt and Bandana order!! Ya'll are REAL #Trendsetters. The shirt design is AMAZING!!
Have NOT been on here for awhile. since I got my damn phone turned off!!!
Shane Maguire is my TV boyfriend.
you care. you care deeply. Lebron defense+ Dallas hate?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA MAHONE!!!:)
Oct. 26- CHI/ Young Energy, Inc. attended the grand opening of the Southeast Weatherization and Energy Efficiency Training (SWEET) Center.
It's a beautiful day to have a baby! is doing great... It shouldn't be too long
Anyone notice how Republicans now sound exactly like DFLers did during Pawlenty's second term? The more things change...
audition and match tomorrow!
Nope, wasn't you! Thanks, looking forward to it. Maybe I can speak at a event sometime.
The Food Network is like the Spice Channel for fat people.
20% off storewide at Kaleidoscope in Decatur Saturday and Sunday.
Needs some ice cream
Word is there's a point of order on SB 1581 that will kill the whole edu fiscal bill. No one knows what will happen.
challenges like these seem like the great equalizer. Do you plan 50% brain/stamina challenges?
I just love going to bed sad especially when I need to get up early, love it.
There goes johanser being slick & correcting me
Congrats on your engagement Michelle, we hope you give us a try for your registry!
we'll take it
I HOPE I'm not going anywhere!
Always nice to beat Detroit!
Would it have been better to give a small part to a more boring actor?
Had an awesome rehearsal with for our Baltimore Boom Bap Society debut tomorrow night at 10 PM sikness!
Q5: What kind of scents do you prefer when ur planning a party? #Happiair PLS RT
and 3. u can change anything you want EXCEPT the username and password but its not that bad right?
the Heat is the only one i know.
“: School year really went by fast”
First nba game in HD in a while. Feel I really understand the desperate struggle of all those Dickens orphans now.
Thanks for liking my page Amy! :-)
g'night buddy, mind Goose on the way down.
just nailed that Argentine Tango!!!!! I know you are proud!!!
Wow, that sounds great hun. I hope you wear all that Packer gear for the game this Sunday!
-I've surrendered who i've been for who you are.<3
i love that show <3
Come try our festive cocktails. Celebrate Mardi Gras the right way!
I believe we don't lol I just added random ppl
Stovall in a little bit
PIZZA ROLLS♥
Kanye got a collar on Kim hahahahha he claiming dat worldly P***Y
You'd look great in our Stoner Couture gear. Drop me a line to discuss outfitting you for your next tour.
When they tell/text you saying you looked beautiful today > even if they didnt see you<3
just doing my job ma'am
I'm not an ardent fan of middle-class workers but I have some CEO friends who have actually hired them. In fact I hired a few of them myself
he always interrupting my sleep!!!
Humans addicted to electricity?? Nahh.
Going to the city today #shoppingspree!
And all those who don't understand my aversion to shop for new clothes on a weekly basis they need to know that I follow the Austin .
Notice how you talk to your child. Notice, out loud, the positive, the behavior you want to see continue.
denver! Where you at?
Good to know where they go RT : #FF editor and chief of and where all complaints about me are forwarded.
b.j. surhoff
Ahh Fuck yourself you know how to do it better lmaoo
It's about time #Cleveland wins.. At least the entire city isnt a #FactoryofSadness like the
PQ Media Forecast: Global Digital Out-of-Home Ad Revenue Grew 15% to $7 Billion in 2011 &amp; On Pace to Accelerate 19% in ...
Hey! I just met you. And this is crazy. But here's my number, so call me maybe?
That's rite win go hme u #Denver fans #Purps~N~Gold
“: BTW, good to know I am not the only one who wears panties” hahaha… i knew u had a certain swagger to for step
I'm about to punch this nerd on front of me and that won't push his way out in the parking lot 👊
Today was a humid ass day
so stoked for
She wants someone who can hold the relationship together no matter how much its seems as if its falling apart.
Bring us the sun!!! We wanna BBQ on the patio!
#TwitterAfterDark I need a face rider kno where I can get some help
"Pledge has solidified opposition to tax increases in Congress ...
yeah he was the hulk right?
im glad i can make u laugh
sisco said waddup.he tried to call you he said
Q9. Most regrettable tweet...
want to here something funny, ur Tweet about u saving baseball. U Tweeted an hr. ago. I Tweeted that 5 hrs. Ago.
Suck it Bucky! Go Huskies! My #2 team.
Going home to eat dinner and play with Feedburner.
No better way to spend a night but skyping with for 3hrs
we miss you bro Kane show is boring.. Kane scams -.- really... Carmen calls FTW #come home lol
I wish I could play in Fantasy Football every week. It's like Varsity playing the 8th grade team. 2-0
#2ThingsIAppreciate is My God And Having a Mom.
Lastly, given the state of things, it is highly unlikely that even doing away with stafford loans altogether would affect tuition inflation
get to ass outta here gosh
i might go out wit my friends 2morrow so we can meet boyzzz n go shop!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my tummy is making noise ugh someone get me something to eat i'm starving
CHIMPS - Changes in Mandatory Program Spending #hfhp11 Even mandatory programs can be gutted by appropriations committee.
i miss you. ): what happened to our summer plans man?
RT : We will be live-tweeting the Dan Morris Viewpoint Show this morning starting at 7am. Follow #VPS to join the conversation.
everyone - help us cheer up - she's sad... Send her love
Laguardia , what it look like
lol wat u been up too
must been bums there if u ran the gym
So glad I found the good in goodbye.
We usually stream and play games on Wed night. Work is keeping her from me. I'm hoping to guilt her into it. ^_~
to each their own haha, not me! :p
Wednesday's Happiness Happy hour at #lacofradia is the coolest hap hr in town where you're guaranteed 2 meet people like u! RT 2 get a PISCO
Dvr-ing the #rhnjreunion! Can't wait to watch it tomorrow! But I feel so left out right now!!!
Twitter is getting gayer and gayer by the minute.
Please RT : Maroon 5 and Honor Society should record together. Melt my eardrums, I'm begging you.
damn you tweet some real shit
Probably the worst day of my life >:'(
3 hours of sleep is all I got
Heard several local creatives lost their homes in the Boulder fire. Anyone have details?
Is that a bottom thing?
Pork is yummy for my whole family. We all love it. What’s your family’s favorite pork dish?
lets make it happen fam I'm always down to collab
WHAT? Come on Madsen. I think Wisco deserves more than a trilobyte. Give that to Wyoming or something.
Bought a new #macpro tonight. So happy with the purchase.
Oh and it's Tommys B day tonight so bring him a gift. Hint: He's really into horses... A lot.
WE HAVE NO SCHOOL ON MY BIRTHDAY! Yayyyyyy. Lets do somethin crazy.
YES i can fucking die happy. <3
I'm not happy that I'm awake right now... I have a headache and would love to be asleep.
No......if you click on his profile and then on his tweets you'll see his last tweet was 2 hours ago.
#DWTS You all are WRONG!!!! Karina, Peta, and Donald got a 28!!!!!!!!
come any Saturday , mention your name and tweet, I will give you a free beer.
- Honored you are following me - I look forward to your tweets!
Watching the most painful moments of the #nfl season.... this is why I don't play, but like watching it :-)
I am loving this mall:3
“: Had Fun At The Zoo With My Lil Babies!” <==== And didn't take your bro, aw mane. Lol!
Just finished the last of my Death By Chocolate cake. Where can I get my hands on some insulin?
Our goal is to establish a relationship based on collaboration from initial contact.
At Olive Garden w/ my dad... I've been wanting pasta for awhile!!
that nigga super ugly doe. wtf???
In case you didn't know, the elections were moved to May 2! :)
Watching the #NBAPlayoffs tonight is worse than your AIDS having herpes at the nudest colony.
nothing you dusty
South Park Niggy
Text mee Kuzz im outt lol PA...Yayy..then Jersey...i need to go to Jersey when i go home kuz its party time str8 up.
Herman Cain on Hannity show. Should he really be giving ANYbody--let alone Newt Gingrich--advice on debate strategy?
thanks to #natgas we are!! 1.6 m in 2035 by shale gas alone!!
Yooo. Phone constantly dies.Thanks for the well wishes man+ would love to see you out there. EDCLV one time? Plz?How's tings w ja
Today I have decided to start living my life without you, I am done being overlooked and unappreciated!!!
Fretting over candy sushi plans for daughter's bday party next wknd. Time to stop research and start practicing.
I LOVE how you incorporate your outfits!
he got that money honey.
Yes. Really.
Why am i not tired at all??
I never said I was perfect....
Money Making Manhattan..!
it's been hell these last few hours... literally 6 of the last 7 hours spent on reddit / TL
the peppers themselves are really great to pickle in olive oil as well, that'll be next!
feel like I should write a book so all can benefit from his wisdom. Tuesdays With Frank?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen someone asks for an admission refund. Just wow.
My brother just pissed me off...
": What war did Soulja boy fight in... #WhitePeopleGoogleSearches" definitely just made my day
if i say i dont is that bad?.. Haha
FYI 8 tweets = 1 vote, +9000 tweets = automatic victory RT : is one of the top #SD trends on #Twitter right now
Everyone on the team basically did it after practice except for Rooney - the one I wanted :(
I got jacksonville on the mind. Go jaguars.
Resi's Bierstube may have fish right now (they have had it for Lent in the past). Or O'Donovan's (eh). I wish St Ben's had one.
obsequious :) that would've been hard to work in, i know.
Maybe your doctor's busy patching up the last one you cut?
Congrats and ! We will get you the invites today. Sign up as a prospect and DM us the username. Thx for following
This year's Billboard Icon Award is going to legendary singer, songwriter and producer Stevie Wonder.8pm May 20th on ABC
They're gonna LOVE YOU GIRRRLLL!!! ;D
She brings out the worst in me, but I am responsible for me. Must find balance.
To 's house I go to do nothing but lay around. And maybe make out with a few neighbors or something....
haha remind those skanie fans of last years playoffs!
Live with no excuses; love with no regrets. #lovelife <3
what are your thoughts on Coach Knight's inflammatory remarks regarding UK basketball?
If u mash ++ ++ and add little new flair n you get
my goodness itz so hot
self-myofacial release using a LAX ball or foam roller should do the trick
“: #fourpeaks let's build a community and build bridges across the peaks!” totally agree! Seattle is ripe for digital disruption # mcdm
I love you baby doll!
did I just hear you squeee audibly on the twitters?
I do a really good job of upsetting myself over such petty things.
Not sure I want him to "deal" w/us, considering GOP's habit of smacking us down to gain points w/conservatives during campaigns.
That awkward moment when you look up from your phone and realize the person you've been following around the grocery store isn't your mom.
Thanks! It's been a blast. Love your tweets. Fun stuff!
Watching The Mighty Boosh. I'm Naboo, that's who!
Loved #Transformers3, but wish they hadn't cut out so many of the #DC scenes I saw them film
We've GOT to hold a post-SAA meetup at #Harvard this year. I can't be the only one who wants to hear about this stuff.
perfect nite for our prez to throw out the first pitch!
I tired looking 4 u on FB but I couldn't find u.
There comes a time in your life when you hate love & everything it means or what you think it should be & what it used to be.
In the LinkedIn class at Social Media Summit. Speaker is telling us companies don't need FB pages. Not sure if I agree.
love you too<3
Could be! SpankyStokes is going to select winners at random. It could be anyone!
At The Odyssey School learning about current research on executive function in dyslexics. Grateful that they offer these talks to patents.
EZ lube just became a #NASCAR pit stop. I feel like they're gonna change my tires out and I'm gonna peel out into the street lol.
Nope. Already sold
You should've asked.. "Is that a mask'?
Have you noticed? The hot word is "do!" So do something!
we always find the same exact things funny.
Why doesn't reply to my crepe tweets?
The Heat Look Garbage The A MF !
Tell that to Color :-)
Thanks for hosting us this morning - Hope you survive the day ok ;)
The world needs more of this--> RT A woman just gave me $2 so that I could ride the bus and not be late for class.
& lightning!? this is no bueno!!!!
Photo Shoot with TY.. Get the blood flowing don't know what to expect next
I'll have you back in time for Christmas dinner.
this weekend - perhaps Sat night?
"I had a chance to go to the NFL but Eugene is where my heart is" #inchipwetrust glad the big man & his visor are staying put. Recruit time
Lmao I'm just being honest lol
Everyone follow great guy who loves
Skyline Tavern in NW Portland. We're on scene as details trickle in
I can't wait you will definitely rock that stage like always :)
I'm outside as we speak. Rt plz!
perfect from the field in two games, perfect from the line in 8 games. Represent Chicago.
i was waching the viedo about how u got bullied that made me want to cry i now how u feel now i now to never give up my dream
Did the image file work out ok? Let me know if you need a hand creating it.
That note was hilarious! You got dissed!
Giving a first look.
$ so what's new? Been doing without for so long, forgot what having anything extra is! Haha! You'll do just fine, enjoy!
Tonight's special: Roasted chicken thigh atop cream braised white radishes with watermelon radish chips and bacon mustard greens.
LoBiondo: political breakdown can appear overwhelming but it's not the whole picture-there is hope in people's creative responses
Trying to cut back on sports tweets, but why can Manning and Tebow not play together? Manning is sensei and Tebow grasshopper
what a convo!
im watching Toddlers&Tiaras FOLLOW ME I FOLLOWED U
hey Mike:-) You need to come out to NC to visit asap lol
Cooking channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes. the Neely show
New blog post...
STILL raining in sac.... cmon now!!!
lol ok then im cluesless as to who or what but all good, how are ya?
My word is "paradise"
Avengers avenged.
What is with all this bad blog crap???
Yay! 's Smodcast Internet Radio launched today!
I hate when someone tells me they miss me,but then they dnt make the effort to talk to me. if u really missed me you'd do something about it
realtalk michaela bathroom is the greatest
had a dream last night that Blue was trying to eat me...woke up wanting to kick him in the nuts. i wonder if he's been fixed. cc:
happy birthday John Lennon. you left a better musical foundation for all to follow.Everyone imagine and inspire peace.
Carmina Burana with us, the , and their new Music Director, Krzysztof Urbanski! How could it get any better than that?
JPC's Thursday morning montage? "You Make My Dreams Come True" -H&O
thanks so much for the shout out! Really appreciate it!
Omg my sister wants me to do the ice & salt challenge
Some of the shxt I've been through I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy... But it has made me tougher nonetheless
Planning a nice get together out on my grandmas property let me know if ur interested and when a good time is to do this thing
Insane Offer for SHOES.COM is now LIVE! Click the link below and be one of the first to get it! www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
hey there gurl! Thanks for following. I'll follow you back!
#IAdmireMom because she's always there no matter what!
Get proof of funds lol RT : I have 10 MM available and I like risk. That was the phone call I just received. Any Ideas?
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days, I will be Sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cookie Mix. Papa Joe
is that on high street?
Take me down like im a domino..!!!
4th house on the right! Haha
okay i am calling whoever keeps talking shit about me out, other wise you are a pussy ass bitch, that just talks shit in words about others
Ali Arastu's story of discovering skid row (the urban wilderness). So crazy, so interesting, so inspiring
Ultimately, that's why I decided to put myself out there. Kinda scary but could be amazing.
the depression of a depression worldwide suicid 4 the economy dialecticchaos when themob on wall street took we thepeople 4 a ride
Touchy touchy.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, living room, dinning room, patio
Overthinking is what kills you...
buddy, after the great things I've heard about her, she's already got my ebert and roeper.
Ok, then... RT this cold weather is makin me miserable.. if my nipples were any harder they could cut thru glass
Just tapped, Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale (replaces All 4 Hoptimum Imperial IPA)
will you marry me??
dragon fossils in Cambrian rock???
thanks for the follow, cool name for your business!
I feel like f.... nvm
Rain Rain GO AWAY! Don't ruin my St. Patrick's Day!!!!!! Be safe and stay thirsty my friends!
what ever!!! I remember saying that last year
nice. Atleast ur friend can walk...
Do you guys know the status of Garrigus and his potential penalty? Dying to know......
We understand it's a big increase, but the #roads are still going to be cheap relative to many other toll roads across the country.
RT Headed back to Nashville in the morning... Video shoot next weekend... Life is good!
True confession: I don't understand some of the tweets in my feed.
Who did the #Bucks pick with the 1994 #NBA draft?
so the bull is going in Courtney's rooms right?
I look forward to hearing your tweets on good things to read, ! You're the best!
lol so much for the movies 😒
gahhhh love me.
ANIME TONIGHT ON BLEACH,FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST,DURARARA!!,KEKKIASHI,FLCL,COWBOY BEBOP,BIG-O,GHOST IN THE SHELL.
But DAL just spent on Spears. warns of mystery team.
Gonna hit these bastards at the break of dawn. If I can't sleep then nobody does.
: RT "Gawd, it smells like upsexy in here." "what the fuuck is upsexy?" "nothing much, how about yourself? ;)"
The sentencing of David Knudson has been postponed to January 26th. Knudson was convicted of attempted murder.
I'm just on a weekender here...I'll be back. Maybe...
76ers maul the Celtics For the last few weeks, one of the hottest topics surrounding the struggling 76ers has been whether Evan Turner is
Congrats to and on their call up to the England U-21 Squad!
Welp, I might be moving back to the good ole state of Arizona. We'll see what happens in the coming days.
So glad I have nothing to do with C2E2 this weekend. Anxiety prevention times infinity. Getting ready for Fest instead!
thanks for the follow, fellow CSUF English tweeter!
Just got out of Dark Shadows - it is a deliciously wicked and fun film for an irresponsible Friday - DvL
hey what's up?! Who are you going for in the playoffs?
Another artist I want all of my followers to support is The homie works extremely hard and makes hit records!
According to #UNESCO 372 #journalists have died during the last 5 years.
what are you called to do? Oprah asks
A Met Museum security guard accidentally shot himself in the leg today, while cleaning his handgun in a basement locker room. He's stable.
The "Like" button is the lazy man's comment.
ah it was amazing. perfect weather!
Michael Jackson Had Secret Affair With Whitney Houston, Says Bodyguard Who Claims He&#39;s Blanket&#39;s Real Dad
couldn't agree more.
We schedule our milestones around
Fingers crossed for good seats, good weather and a win!
OMG I LOVE #SAYSOMETHIN IT'S SO GOOD OMG I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!!!❤❤❤❤❤
the morning session perfomance started us on a great note.off to Olarndo tommorow to do more work for God.crazy4god
Cowlapalooza Wednesday... Double Points from 8-11, Golden Girls on the Mooscreen. Idol on the Bar screen. Moolious food and drinks! Giddy UP
I'm taking Resource Description for Library Catalogs with Richard Smiraglia. Considering myself very lucky! Also Intro to IR.
Amazing and talented trainer and group fitness instructor at Equinox in NYC - FOLLOW and Stay Up TO Date with
YES! Everyone knows Vermont only does DOOM metal. Presumably Rhode Island excels at THRASH.
When life is too walk to handle start running!
I dont have to know you to tell you to get off my dick. You don't like the choice i make and who i talk to. Go cry about it.
Heh, have to tell myself that everyday.
Good job.
Oh no! I don't think I got it!
Reasons to like The Planets: is STELLAR, K. Urbanski is OUT OF THIS WORLD plus how often do we sing off-stage & outta sight?!
Oh, that would definitely be a problem. I tried to give a Span-speaking patron the Span. version. 1 hold.
I feel like a lot of my friends are like sponges where they just absorb the effort and friendship I give them, that's it.
Got gifts for some people! (:
Horray for tax refunds! Having a good night =)
Thanks for the RT! :)
I found some great packaging, but now I think that it is way too big. Back to the drawing board. The artwork to coming together too.
Off to get new shoes that won't destroy my feet and knees at work.
SapientNitro announces &#39;Spokes of Change&#39; Philanthropic Program ...
Houston, we have a drug problem.
looking for a great place to have a meeting near Grand Central... any suggestions?
my teacher called me a fag
Blessed be the name of the Lord!!
Better hope I say your name right, Mark.
1st success is relative. Go to those that are highest in the food chain (lawyers and accountants specalizing in small and and family biz)
Nothing more beautiful than a confident girl who doesn't pretend to be something she's not, down to earth, & lets no guy define who she is.
lol add me
I gotta save something for the actual conference. And on that front: don't you worry.
Divorce is expensive probably because lawyers are involved.
RT : Half nekkid & hungover headed to a pool party with my sugar boogers!!! Cabana bananas!!!!< what she said lol
Best thing I've done in Bmore all year- mini edibles mica party!
Go NOW to 72727 & txt BOA2011 to receive a FREE $39.99 COUPON for the 97 min Battle of Atlanta video. www.battleofatlanta.info
what will happen to traditional retail? Research and Markets: France Cider Market Insights Report 2011 - Provides a Comprehensive View of
Did anyone notice Rihanna's lead dancer had striking resemblance to Chris Brown as he danced so so close to her?
I'm hoping today isn't a huge disappointment
Beer Garden is going nuts. Get here now!!!
what it do sauce,its ur boy dave.HOVA THE GOD
AUSTIN'S DOING A USTREAMM!!!
my laptop cooking tho
Me: I'm gonna have ugly children, haha : No you can't, they're gonna be 's kids. Haha I love her!
Is Austin doing the Austeam, or not? 😔
Here at #ommavideo all set up and ready to roll. I'm excited to gain some great insight today on video and tomorrow on social media.
cuz i still run the tweets all night and day.
Hey, awesome! Well, we're actively working on it, so any feedback or questions just send 'em our way!
yeah and you can hear my typing. its just that loud.
2011, what a year!
Yes, i know the trick!
I fucking hate everything at this point fml.. Idc anyways duck him andd her fuck all people.except my besties.
killlla cam cam!
I need a spoiler alert who went to the taping!?!?!?!?
leftovers for lunch. 2 farm fresh eggs. check. day old pan-fried spuds check. backyard parsley. aged gouda. one nouveau tortilla. warmth.
Ten Ways To Stay Warm ~ Friends, Hot Chai, WiFi, Soup, Chef Specials, Drinks, Great Deals, Cool Staff, Lunch and Dinner 7 Days a Week
what up Lenny!
ha! I think you 'dropped the ball'
Lmaoooooo RT ": Got fapper of the year 4 times in a row."
I didn't think you were bragging; I thought you were making a statement about the effects of digital media on memory :)
middle seat sucks
you gave me a bit of motivation today when reading your tweet, thank you bunches, have a wonderful weekend.
feeling like shit thi.k i may be coming down with the flu body hurt
#3WordsOfAdvice Trust no one
There will be tebowing in Baltimore tonight.
oh ok. what was that lmao for? O.o
I can't express my feelings or tell you how I feel, I can just show you.
Who can explain to me the concept of interpolation is 140 characters or less? Very important concept, but also somewhat ambiguous!
get on xbox
trblog? Whatever. There aren't any GIFs on it and it is thus misleading RT : The campaign blogblr, right.
Danger, she smashed a homie
Oh, Luke, it is so good to have you following me, I am thrilled beyond my imagination to have SUCH A GREAT AUTHOR know that I am!
To all my twitter followers -please follow I am traveling with them to Africa to try and help bring healing to traumatized youth.
Jethro has a great weekend with 7 Prostaff Member fishing in the Southern open on Harris & the Everstart on the Big O. W/ 3in the final day
keep working on it
If you sing flat and have no stage presence, you too can be in the final 2 on American Idol!?!
DHCD holds budget hearing today from 10 am to 12 pm in Boston, at 1 Ashburton Place, Conference Rooms 2 and 3.
man idk! You weren't in your usual spots!
would love to stop by ;) hint hint... Oh yeah I have awesome presents too.
Ok, who gave Milbury the Tetris tie?
I just finished a 3.15 mi run with a time of 36:00 with Nike+ GPS.
A great morning workout.
And now back to the same shit.
Run up the middle!
used to reply to me all the time. i dont know what happened!!
Beautiful day in Boston 4 the opening of Aberdeen's Chief Procurement Officer summit #CPO2011. Mike McHale, CPO of Invesco takes the stage.
Worst part about starting a new job is feeling totally lost and useless! I miss knowing what the heck I'm doing.
": #Annapolis #Butcher #NattyBoh #Sausage! My Butcher and More" I bet that's tasty!
Your so...
so theyre playing a 4-6-0 the rest of the season?
stay tuned for the first Rockshrink couch sessions response on monday on www.weallmakemusic.com
Jim Obrien is praying for a win today
WINTER PROMO USE CODE (NEW YEAR FREEDOM) AND GET A 25% DISCOUNT OFF ANY SERVICE.
poop where's that?
I would like Biden more if not for his bankruptcy act 2004. Crushed poor people.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
#topshot finale. Going down NOW!
methinks i need a mental health day off from work(s).
they are actually little asses on my chest
Getting ready for the Scottsdale Health Care golf tournament tomorrow- With this wind, I'll probably be hitting it more left than congress.
Waffles make the best breakfast.
that video of you is contagiously happy and inspiring.
The #Betancourt walk: Much like a solar eclipse.
“If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.” A. J. Liebling
Today is the last day for the #jaws ride at #Universal #Orlando. We'll go and post a #video to our website.
you can do better
That smile of urs drives me crazy
The Georgetown Mobile web application launched this morning with the opening of the h.Innovation Summit.
It is good to see Rip getting back in rhythm
Finally done with all my shopping!!! This may sound Scrooge-ish, but rude, inconsiderate, unaware shoppers need to be tazzed.
Goodnight Moon. Looking forward to a new day.
You're not famous if you have to throw your own shade. Real celebs have fans to do their dirty work for them.
Can we get the inevitable City equaliser out of the way? Would help things I think...
Ppl looking at me like I have no manners, I keep telling,these ppl I aint Matthew lol
off to write...then sleep
Looking forward to working with you guys tonight!
Lord thank u for everything u've done, what ur doing now, and what ur gonna do!!
Are you airing the Vernazza / CinqueTerre story today? Glad someone is finally covering it! Sad news for a place so many of us love.
If you're in or near Northridge, CA, I'll be at CSUN tomorrow (4/26) giving a talk on hook up culture: 11am Live Oak Hall 1124
whoah.. Yeah we heard it was a long line, but expected. Looks like most of our winners all made it in.
If the fears of ACL tear are proven true, which 2011 injury was more impactful than losing your starting 1B for year?
Yea its fine though if you aren't. No big deal or anything.
mean girl
Wish my computer would stop being a dick.
Caps all the way
Any fan of that folk/Americana/rustic sound should start listening to The Lumineers. Gorgeous.
not optimism. Facts. Also a fact: paul changes gm's like socks, which makes the job somewhat unappealing.
In a little bit I'm going to buy my ticket!!!! :D
I'm so excited to go to Miami, I can already feel the sand in the crotch of my bikini.
Writing about Volkswagen: Used Volkswagen Diesels
I don't schedule the magic, I just make it. Drink it in, little camper.
RT": You gotta love a city that smells like BBQ. #Austin"
#culturalmuseumsn David Hurst Thomas - due to NMAI, natural history and antrhopology will never be the same, and that's a good thing.
Studying Up With Cecil's Subjects This week's Jazz Scene calendar leads off with the ongoing tribute to piano legend Cecil Taylor in Harl
I could add 'Where is my Mind' by the Pixies :)
Thanks...it was great seeing you too! You need to check out for a shirt!
Happy 4th of July Everyone be safe god bless american. :)
excellent point!
My pleasure re: #FF shout-out!!
awww feel better :( and text your mom she might come get you
A few snowflakes falling here and there this morning. No major problems expected.
#TopFlawlessAlbums Nevermind? Sgt. Pepper? Pet Sounds? Dark Side of the Moon? this trend makes me feel like snot-nosed kids run twitter.
TREE INFO-Did you know that there are national pruning standards? American National Standards Institute (ANSI) Section A-300
Raaaad. RT A bunch of & related stuff got name-dropped by rad people over on Destructoid, too! bit.ly/rHx6Vb
LDS Church not part of redrawn liquor suit against state - Salt Lake Tribune
then get yourself some pancakes
Thanks for the follow, Simons.
i know it is ;) lol
lemme guess, mc hammer? Cuz he gives his # to everyone.
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you.~ Amy E. Dean
Thanks for sharing our newsletter. I appreciate your support.
#foodforthought It takes approximately 1.4 gallons of milk to make 1 gallon of ice cream.
I still taste em on my lips....m
lol have fun
Congrats... can't wait to check you out! ;)
Cool and no problem! Glad Teo corrected by faulty first
Sleep time, goodnight Houston :)
Christine Amanpour was the speaker. Good speech. My oldest daughter now officially has a Master's in Landscape Architecture. Good times.
have you ever had a dream about someone you never really thought of and starting likeing them??
Now if only I had enough (any) musical talent to help “Daniel and the Haystacks” headline Djangocon…
Tragedy for LPGA Tour. 25 year old Erica Blasberg found dead in her home in Las Vegas
someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me, and all you're ever gonna be is mean. why you gotta be so mean?
Yo Carla, How's tee time?
finals need to GO AWAY so i can get back to this rap shit.
My dog is making me mad. He ate some things in the house . He is in timeout right now. Bad doggy
the point isn't to get a lot in return. It's to get a major league arm out there and bring in some new blood
Good Night People..
look at you! Congrats on the new place!
love your face
Excited!! Now starts the season of me laying out!! May this pastiness be gone!!!
"Ninjas of Glory": that's cool, Ari!
#VDay #poem from The Pinch: Some flies kill other insects/and bring the corpses to their mates to woo them./Want to come see my basement?
Watching dog people talk to each other outside. Rarely run into cat people outside.
thank you so much love. Please share the video with your friends!
Thank you! RT : Spinnin hard were u get that drop at?
Just landed in ATL. Lunch and then on to NOLA.
i want a banana split!.(: yummy
please I gotta meet Floyd when he come to Chicago its my bday please I love him
you're gorggggg 😍😘
Yayyy Takeover Time !!!
Looks like a night for #CODBlackOps with ^_^
Is there a vid of you and Nick doing the dance of joy? :)
Lolol as I was just apologizing for being #extra during this show!
Now we're going to count off in 3's to pick groups. Ready?
abc at 1.
#RT for a rate on looks and a tbh from me and :)
Just finished micro braiding my cousins hair.... Fingers hurt like heck!!!! #sleep!
Close call for the #2 Monster Energy Graves Yamaha rider Josh Herrin going off the track in qualifying. He was able to recover & keep it up
Practicing tonight gearing up for our big St. Patty's Day show! See you all Saturday night at Cafe 322!
what where y'all doing on that mat thing? Haha
Thanks for this---one of my fav. SD places.
Why do I always wait to the last minute to pack? 4 am is going to come early.
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great
I pre-ordered Up All Night DVD & I'm pretty sure that is going to write a message directly to me on the cover ;)
TV Tropolis is the BEST! Why am I not there with you?!?!
hahaha yeah not many of my friends including you are going
beat up those PackerS!!! would love some tix
Hii Kenny How are you ? Follow me (:
Im good thanks
Inside she cried outside she lied
in your subscribe song video is that a gibson Les Paul sun something guitar
Attn ladies: it isnt acceptable to wear heels 2 a sporting event. Or ur mans oversized tee, alyssa milano has created overpriced clothes 4 u
Gotta get them tweet numbers up
locbit allows advertisers to reach customers by location and only charges when your ad is interacted with.
Totally agree. "Azure" makes the product sound provisional, like it's an experimental beta of some kind. Can't do that with cloud!
Happy 4th of July MKE! Look for us in the Energy Independence Day Parade!
Pretty ugly #Celtics game. Only reaching 40 points for either team in the 3rd quarter, and too many giveaways! Go Green!!
