looking forward to seeing 3D mobile innovations at #CES, esp. #3D entertainment apps for tablets
thanks to my followers it means alot that ur following me thank u thank u thank u!!!!1 <3 <3
thank you
Absolutely lovely. Those 5 hours really flew by. Interesting the different directorial choices in use of same set between 1st & 2nd parts.
Kind of trying to see some sand matches, any Florida teams playing at home this week?
In a moment I will be soaring high above all the bottom feeders.
What wonderful news! Congrats! You're living my dream! (and perhaps you can send some of your former clients my way!! :-) )
Omg! Ari is gonna call people? I wish would call me. :O
why are Wiz Khalifas tweets about texting annd girls
fine you where right
LOL BRO NO don't assume like that! He's my best friend! Like no.
congratulations Rev Watkins.
Thanks to my friendly 200 Public Square staff, I'll be listening to the Jackson 5 all morning.
Paul pierce & ray allen my favorite players in the nba
#stats is pretty decent ... Thanks #scoutmob for the coupon.
Good audition today for Axe. Cross fingers for a callback.
who you calling a goof ass?
Anyone want to ball at the AC today at 5:30?
Happy Birthday, President Obama. My Grandfather always said that the first 100 years are the hardest - you're half way there!
Tonight at we bring you hometown hero with opening support from Seneca, Ben Brown, Zizala, and Ray T!
Is anyone out there listening to black metal on this fine Black Friday?
you have a sexy Avi
"You got it, bitch"
I now follow ! You should too ! Meoww
Nice try...but incorrect.
Knock my light out! ;)
So, Game of Thrones = TV show and Hunger Games = movie? This whole time, I thought they were the same thing...
This air is freezing the heck out of me!
Remembering back #WhenIWas13 summers weren't so dam hot!
Free delivery from any restaurant with a donation of 7 cans of non-perishable food for the Oregon Food Bank. Coupon code is 7CANS at...
RT : RT : Ain't no party like a technical party cuz a technical party don't stop.
Wanna hear some crazy shit? Issac from the "love boat" brother taught me how to dj! True fucking story
#ThingsIDontGet 1) How can someone be in a relationship with a person who cheats?
Anyone know any fun events happening tonight in or around LA?
we should start a white girl rap group. #weed. RT i just watched your iphone video, again and then again. <3 us!
Can we please just leave?
I read about it. I will have to get to it...hands on. Lol
Not strange at all! Thank you so much!!
Yes, it's snowing in the Northeast (2 early). May get 5 in. by tomorrow. Should be melted by the time I head to Baltimore on Mon.
i just finished it..
Some days I really get sick of the internet and simply wish I could talk to all of you face to face. Need to invent a teleportation device
#HappyMothersDay to all the Mums!
#HesHot No lie. He is very much so
First last final of the year!
This twitter site is a MONKEYS game Stretch my back i Stretch yours so if I Follow you FOLLOW me if not your a CRAB
Just holla if you got me and f--k you if you had me.
Laker fans kill me. "we lost...but Kobe had 7,000 points!!" FOH!
Open source software isn't free.
who would break up with Heather Graham? she's STILL beautiful
Bankruptcy is an opportunity for the honest debtor to obtain a fresh start.
will do
Its funny how when some white folks rap, instead of saying the n-word, they say "ninja"
need to bring back !
I've never been so nervous about race registration. Wish me luck with signing up for
Sorry for the delays, meeting with Jeremy now.
RT : I love #kipcamp. I can't believe all the great stuff i'm learning. from bitly to SEO.
When did this miserable day turn into a gorgeous, almost springlike afternoon?
where u @
fingers crossed X
That's always fun...
NBA can't move multiple teams in the same year. They're not the NHL. Hornets bound for Louisville, still?
There you go OVI!!!!
If there is a hell, I'm convinced one of its rings must be a mall parking lot during the holidays. Dante just didn't live long enough.
Chicago Hosts Mad Thursdays-Omalleys 2249 N.Lincoln ave,free beer bar from 10-11,1 Beers,2 u call, 3 shots. Get there early
you're wonderful!
#yeeee your toe is very excited
should I change my DP?
how bout when the celtics lost to the 76ers? oh ok
Anybody know what kind of jets those were that just flew over Crissy Field?
then the Thunder better win soon. Someone is going to throw lots of money at them.
Good day Zayn. Hope you're getting on well and that your mates are doing well. My daughter and I love your music Best wishes.
I bet your gorgeous!
Money buys happiness
Happy Mother's Day! Have a great day Moms everywhere!
Great first half.
Finished cutting "Strawberries" 2D glass piece for Art in the Gardens! Now I have TWO pieces to foil! Lol
3/4 NFC East teams have traded up...one more??
To crawl out of bed or to not crawl out of bed; that is the question!
CST Starter Kit: 2 copies of the CS #Survey,1 CST Interpretation Manual,1 Behavioral Styles Overview & selected article reprints about CST
Sounds Like My Fella he is most definitely a Taurus
have had three good chances to score, but to no avail. Scoreless in the third.
really needs a snow day!
I love fmj its so badass
It can also lead to you being dropped from your auto insurance company due to your extra risk factor you pose to their coverage
Keep those great applications coming! Thanks for including t-shirt sizes.
Making a big pick-up tomorrow out in Virginia...
Oh your New icon :p
I miss ya
It's just all of the good energy you put into the world coming back to you.
#Orlando #milestone reporting has the best court reporters.
Im watchin "jet li's fearless" wat a movie!!
It really annoys me that my site isn't even on the first page of Google results for "Best Coffee in Korea," which is most of my content.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:DD
laughter is holier than piety, freedom is sweeter than fame.
did they break the windows on both sides?
best player in the world. MVP
The Zingaro has moved to their favorite spot at Tractor Brewing Co. Tap Room. Doors up and ready to serve untill closing
This bitch just sent me a pic of her boobs lmfaoooo
You could always just opt for apples with mustaches. :)
we'll be at spiderhouse tonight if you're antsy and want booze, and also to hang out with level designers AND ITS MA BIRFDAY
Thanks for the suggestions!
So excited to be going to the opening night party for MCC's #CARRIE with tonight!
Happy Mothers day to all the great mothers in the world
My Missing Oscar Noms: Lisa Cholodenko, Debra Granik & Ryan Gosling
And we hope you enjoyed it....
My thoughts.....
my peeps are peaking right now. Seriously those Easter left-overs are at the perfect staleness!
Mexican food was enjoyed and enjoyed again from the white box from Browning's!
RFT! : biggest fear EVER .... Is losing my momma :|
I love that pic with the monkey. Please follow back. Thank you ♥
RT : How does Obama do so much golfing when he clearly doesn't have any balls? #ocra>borrows Sarah's? her'sRbigger than his
Up early as hell... On my day off 👎
Who's awake & feels like chopping it up? LMS
#Tues Her Majesty: Mrs. Brown / Does she have any Chronicles of Riddick: Dead Man Stalking news?
Uncrafty happens to the best of us!
true story. I think I may break that out tonight.
Looks great, Gina! Thanks
Why, thank you. We <3 you, too! RT : is freaking AMAZING!!! I <3 them!
Anyone want a follow back ?? <3
Sounds like a plan *Nods*
Dorito shelled tacos and a 4 pack of high life is how I ended my night, Im okay with that
I might be a hipster. Ran into and Mary Van Luven at Swingers, a hipster place, right? I'm a hipster by association, right?
follow me plz i hope u win n.b.t.
RT Fistula happens.50% of women in Africa give birth @ home. A trained local health worker is key 2saving these women
Does this Cook guy have a hookers chance in church of saving Apple's intellectual dominance?
Know what the For Lease sign on the 62nd+Roosevelt bldg's about? None of the businesses appear to be out of business...
It's a great pleasure to know you enjoyed our show. Did you go to Kennedy Center to see it? #Shenyun will be back next March.
Raid away! I can give you our password for the rdgs, if you want it.
I want to be a librarian and talk about gaming. All day e'eryday.
I've already committed 40 minutes to waiting for the Apple Store to open, can't give up now!
Thank you and happy #FF to you!
President Obama is definitely the BEST boss I've ever had!!! We have parties every night and take vacations every other week. Oh yeah, +GOLF
Thank you!!
are you watching the Rose Bowl today?
Somebody get us some #Baghdad! Apparently we're having #Iraq withdrawals.
; please follow me? i would like diee, if you did<3
Lie after life after lie...
Joe jonas what planet are u from?
I'm wondering had it been a male that took the photo of Chris Brown if he would've grab that phone out of the dude hand?
cheers to the cruel assholes who closed dunkin donuts
DAMN I CUT MY FINGER!!
You have made my day 2X in a row
Nothing Like an Awesome X factor to Kickoff an Excellent Christmas!
And if you leave,you leaving the best,so you would have to settle for less!!
En La Escena TV wants to interview you today, heard you're Prince Royce's biggest fan! 1st in line! Are you interested?
going to avec and publican....anything new i should try?
Happy New Year..2012 gona be a good one
is hot hot hot. Can't wait until summerfest...woooohoooo!
I have not answered a single email this weekend.
I don't promote myself very often, but I'm pretty proud of the new song by Thesis Project. Head to my facebook to check it out...
Yeah man, it's time to defeat 7 evils exes
alright man, Ill let you know if I am still going things have kind of come up expectantly.I really don't want to miss this race
Follow me and I will follow you back!
Thanks for the shout out ! Our first video will be out soon!
Everyone likes a little ass, but no one likes a smart ass.
Im not letting u fight
PickUpLine: Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I've got all weekend.
I play @ a #piano #bar every #Thursday @ The Other Side in Silver Lake, Los Angeles for 4 hrs, starting @ 8:30pm. #SINGERS welcome.
So proud of talented students who did fantastic intros for #Nobel laureates
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female? It is rarer.
Pretty sure there wont be a season.
Wanna win a free TFOF shirt?..Get yoself over to facebook tag us and you could!Contest ends Saturday!
pos guys should be grateful we're doing it but then coming is a no,
Good luck! You should stop by ;)
i make love to her, ill jus fuk her instead
RT : Saddened by sudden passing of Peter Berghammer. A nice man with a ton of knowledge that he was kind in sharing.
I'm wondering if I need to make a special trip to the mall or find a hockey ticket to get mine
We couldn't agree more, Deborah!
Ugh i got really nervous cuz u were there!
XIFIN White Paper Evaluates Technology-Driven Back-Office Improvements That ... - MarketWatch (press release)
don't forget the little guy Hahahaha
bravo to the musicians of the for a stunning all-Mozart program!
Cutting this hair though (:
Have a great Monday and week everyone. Thanks to all the new RBB followers!!! Stay tuned for details to watch the full film next month.
I go there for the food! Cracker barrel is full of old people, believe me, I was literally the youngest there
Chilln, cooking, baking, and watching football.
m legs not so much but arms and face, he was cute.
Won't u join us in Foster City? RT HA! Well there ya go!
Getting pumped to have all 17 #beertowndpdc ensemble members together in one room at one time.
Tonight's pint night is glassware.... Followed by trivia at 7! Come see us
April Fool's Day is officially over--Did anyone pull any good pranks this year??
(cont) && he prolly heard all I was saying abouut him.. so now he prolly thinks that i'm a freak |:
Back at J Bird Studio with Big Snow Big Thaw today. There is some seriously exciting stuff happening here.
just heard a woman say, "Whee!" as she ran down the Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook trail.
Ready for an amazing week to come!
#BecauseofObama .. I might have to work until I am 75, maybe 80.
tried to refer to my new pink sweater as a jumper... couldn't do it. just had to check that i'm still american.
#Arizona House Painters : Where QUALITY and AFFORDABILITY Meet.
Bestpaymentsguy thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Interested in environmental sustainability? Join the DK Green Team & help us save the earth. or DM us for more info!
Beach tomorrow and then grabbing a few drinks with Mike.
Out golfing.
Damn, you mad?! You are blowing up my feed with this Mayweather MADness!!
I got GREAT news from my schools financial aid office about my scholarship!
Evangelicals/women rejected: Palin, Bachman
I spent 1 hour bowling. 217 calories burned.
looks awesome! We are proud to support
I woke up this morning, what more can I ask for BLESSED!!! A lot of advice given yesterday some I will actually take....
Rich also asks jury to deny probation. That's it. Saving fireworks for partner Tamara Strauch. Defense attorney Pat Hancock now up.
Touch Down Fort Lauderdale! In SUV enroute to South Beach. First stop #EleventhStreetDiner!
I went with and had a great time! OJ is delicious! LMK next time you go.
oh I was gone wait until we got face to face in the very near future to bring it up lol
Sent. And I'm just looking to finish the interviews by the end of next week. So if you don't have time now, no worries.
Ozzie: do the same amount of work in smaller schools as big schools (Ravens took 3 FCS schools)
My mom's going to keep my facebook updated with the address for my Mission so keep an eye out for that sometime in March :)
Exciting to think a week from now hopefully I'll be in Chicago with and !
Make plans now to cheer on the #Brewers at #MillerPark. $500 for up to 8 people. Let us take you out to the ballgame. Call 608-764-2917.
IN love to the mother mons†er
It's the "you fuck up you're out the league, so don't fuck up" hug.
It's really nothing special. They do have a bar though, which makes any place a lot cooler.
felt like ants .
I still have my HS backpack with Voodoo Glow Skulls written in wite out
lol!! You know it! Gonna master my Player ' skills. Haha. I heard #ashtonkutcher was gettin his PhD before he made it so....
Soo the boy I like his name is Joshua Santiago it can't be but I like him hes in my class please dont tell him it's a secrete:x but webestes
Desire: it doesn't take talent to hustle and be on time.
what age WHEN you get tired of going to the movies lol #JW im a dvd type of guy
MMMUUUAAAHHH thank you :)
Anyone know a cool, edgy graphic artist to design my header for new website for reasonable pay? DM w/ referrals.
and its what time and i cant sleep and have to get up at what time in the morning?
Check out The Little Things Video and PLEASE RT it! #VO #voiceover #voice over
#Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live! #FWM ((t
Starmentor is seeking promotional staff nember to support Jennifer Milan's US tour - www.digistarmgt.com
where is that?
what's up how's it goin
very nice post. I love the second picture. It reminds me of the "old" (NH) days.
Ya you should follow !!!
I always regret leaving my phone on silent when I can't find it:/
haha #DEAD !!! I'm crackin up right now!!
watching each train go by is like a cup of coffee to my eyes they keep me awake, so I wouldn't have a chance of-
Let's go
i would never tell ;)
boy my muscles achin !
so no soccer ball is traveling with you, no single person to kick a ball around with you. I am sure there is someone
great to meet you as well! and thanks for organizing, Jon!
To be a failure you have to be trying really hard, because it takes a lifetime to accomplish it.
Hi Lori...I get it. LOL
Just remembered a funny experience I had with Garrett.
But at least there is potential in everyone.
in that scene was it shemat and or was it there stunt doubles?
To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted. –George Kneller
Oh ok lol ": oh i will lol ill be n da house drinkin."
hope you're having a good day
Hair Tip: It is advised that you get your hair trimmed every 6-8 weeks.
bo!!!!! I'm way on the southwest lol
Jaguar Land Rover eyes new site
Future ; Neva End . . On #REPEAT !
Good Morning Saturday!!! ART Shows today
Ah perfect -- my thanks! Clearly a more complex genealogy of "spiritmeat" than I originally assumed.
love this place - got the best wrap this year evah!! Many thanks.
are you excited for your birthday!?!!??!! What are you going to wish for?
Agree, this is not helping
Don't get scared off, folks. I believe you can use Neatline with a static image (unrectified map, for example) w/o geoserver.
I hate that I always worry too much and make lil things into HUGE things! :(
i have had the worst day ever!! Advice? Why cant all guys be like ur sons!!!
Is grounded, My mom took everything away!She even reset my Facebook password! Fuck it. They dont know my Twitter password. Nice try bitches.
Yes mam! Love them so much! :D
I would LOVE that! I'll shoot you an email tomorrow...
Hey Guys follow the newest addition to the group opening in July in Wicker Park
I'm in vegas. I'll get back to you. You're up too early today!
My whole life I grew up being a people pleaser. Now that I'm a teenager I don't know how to please myself...
please get new trains...
Thanks, glad you like it :)
The short answer is that my professional history and that of EVMS have shared common values, passion, and guiding principles.
thank you!
Knowing that you <3 Me.. Makes everythin' alrightt! :D
Enjoyed the visit today.
Life sucks when you have a good heart. You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. And most importantly, you love too much.
9-6 ball game over Houston. The Stacheford saves it again
at least you're sorry。thanks
Your turn to follow us!
YEAH! coming to Chicago Feb 16 &17. That should make winter here a little less dismal.
Doing my hair then off to school👍 trip today 👽 ❤
thanks for the RTs.
Thought about retweeting Then didn't.
lol shut up!
ur so lucky congrats
Im pretty sure im a #redbull addict... yep.
One-week holiday, back again! :p
bout to call u boo
Is this race walker-friendly? I don't see walkers mentioned on your website. Where can I see a course map?
Love you
Beautiful day! Thank you Lord!.
It has been said that 80% of what people learn is visual
are you sure about that
sorry but uh, you smell..bad.
Love your system! Is there any smart-unfollow feature to remove people that don't follow you.... but not recent follows?
I do. I'm just saying that Heller's a propagandist. A huggable propagandist, but a taxpayer salaried one, too.
Looking forward to #HOWLive this weekend look for me in the NewPage booth to see what all the buzz is about
Needs a shoutout from and the crew for good lick!!
Roses are red
I'm good. What abt u?
what do you like to do when you come to NYC :]
everyone please follow my buddies
Perfect night with my cute little sickly
Gads I hate homework. This AP English is killing me. When is summer coming? can't wait to get to Teen Hoot and see all these stars coming.
World wisdom sounds good but usage is short-term... God's wisdom sounds simple but extends well beyond our understanding.
not todaay. It's late. Tomorrow. Go to sleep already hoe lol
Melo wants this game.
I don't follow? He was put on a fast track to the bigs for a HS kid from the word go.
Nodding off on 75. Someone better call me and keep me awake before I pull a Nick Hogan
Good morning twitter family
So many things in this world are crying out for a good graphic design makeover.
I think his point was that, for users, ' being on path means nothing, unlike with instagram.
Time to clean up,Shower,pack the camera bag and head out to film and shoot photos today around the city!Hopefully it stays dry out for a few
found you on linkedin. Would love to chat about your sites and experience.
It's like a cleaner, better written Code Monkeys. RT : 8bit Community is awesome!
Tks for the follow. I love your tweets!
The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public...
Happy holidays everyone!
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
feels like you have to wade through a lot of junk to find a few interesting pins. I still pin, but rarely peruse.
Gotta be honest Peter...at camping we would sing "Something died up your ar$e tonight, musta been something you ate" ;-)
don't get fired w/them old pics
I LOVE English class!! Don't you ?? Good day:)
Just tapped Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat.
ok i will be ther waiting and doing my homework while im waiting
hookers and blow and discount coupons.
Have you hiked any of your "ways"? We crossed the moors in a hail storm and then hiked along the North Sea. Loved it.
3rd Goal Most Of All: Become Producer Of The Year As Well As Artist Of The Year!
i went from 146 followers 2 165 u guys are angeks everybody and i mean EVERYBODY
so you're still alive? Hahah
I can't fucking believe any of this. Screenshots vs. Bad Handwriting
message , , or or talk to any of the bands if you want presale tickets!
Thanks for the follow! And, thank you for cheering up my morning every weekday!
Still not at school .. .
Thanks for selecting my post
Welcome to the team Damian Lopez!
I would live at the playboy mansion if I didn't have to have sex with hef
Does Trader Joes pay these people to shop post-exercise in their workout clothes or are they disgusting of their own accord?
Another amazing concert!! A & collaboration would be icing on the cake!!
So proud of our new Confirmation grads/members! Can't wait to see your impact on the church and community.
Chicago in Feb, needing only a sweatshirt, drinking a Green Line and eating at The Counter? Yeah, life is good.
Happy Birthday to ! Can't wait to celebrate!
Great business planning meeting in Dallas this weekend w Howard Partridge and Phenomenal Products. Gave a copy of my book to Zig Ziglar
I know you are no longer with us but I Love and Miss you
RT : Not to forget on graduation day are #KStateMBB's and Much love and luck in the next stpe
And then going to your local Voodoo Doctor and getting a wart curse cast on her...
Have A Good Day Loovee!!!!
Listening to SW/production team Stargate speak about their careers. ( ) Wish #Berklee students could hear this !
Metrics that lead to action, 5 p.m., rm 105 A/B
Tomorrow I got to visit my uncle How about we hang wednesday with andrew?
Mrs. McGee keep it 100!!! Aahhh man, Imma still believe u, but momma be knowin'!!
Hey Jordan
Yay! MT N. Mpls friends, is brewing our beans. Cookies w/ a Cause + Peace Coffee can't get any sweeter!
Please suh, can I have som mo? THAT VOICE!!!!!
It doesn't take much to cheer me up.
Dreams feel real while we're in them. It's only when we wake up that we realized something was actually strange.
Not easily scared out of Mexico is the team of IEP Program Advisors! No but really we'll go if it gets bad. For now it's business as usual.
2005 White Sox World Series might be hurting the team now - Kenny thinks everything he does is golden but he needs to be more efficient...
Twitter dead... facebook dead... I can't wait to be with my man..
Masoli makes another play with his legs, but runs away from pass rush and tosses to WR for 12-yeard gain and 1st down.
Love this impersonator guy!!
Fuck you, dawn! I still got 3 hours before this fucking paper's due!
Hope there's enough room in our freezer for all this food!
I miss cuban coffee from Miami.
Well it's easy for me lol.
please follow she is you biggest fan!86
i like that. thanks for sharing.
Starting to realize the hard work and effort it takes to get a 4.0.... Lord give me strength
I just wanna kick it n excercise ya diggz.
Anyone else have an #Oscars hangover? So sleepy this morning.
Newt Gingrich is on Piers Morgan Tonight.
Lol I Got It
bruh. What happened to your bed??
Quite funny to see
Napping on one of the couches in the clab. Don't care.
yeah....u kinda just flipped out for a lil bit
Judy Sloan of Atlanta has won the lottery four times...
“: Learning to ignore certain people and things is one of the great paths to inner peace.”
": I would hold you for a million years to make you feel my LOVE"
Looking for all like minded people!!!!
At the oncologist for 10:00 appt. How long will we wait today?
Good night mate :)
I checked for that first. :[
I find it easier to love others if I stop caring what they are doing in relation to myself. I simply love for the sake of loving. Feels good
Found my dress for tonight
welcome to the 30+ club!!!!
Courtesy of the red, white and blue!!!!
:) if that is my biggest concern then no sweat!
Senate democrats are advocating for campaign finance reform which includes public financing of campaigns
seems I haven't really tweet'd in ages. gonna have to relearn this.
Good to know. RT : For the record -> is way crazier than I am! ;)
NEW KINGDOM HEARTS 3D TRAILER JUST CAME OUT AN HOUR AGO!!!!!! I'M GONNA EXPLODE!!! OHMYGOD!!!! <333333
Minneapolis now recycling plastics 1-5. So pleased.
Feature:spring greens salad w/ tomatoes,chicken breast,olives,artichoke hearts,almonds,parmesan,basil &white balsamic vinaigrette.$9
Wow. Incredible responsibility, Harvey--and I know your firm has made a wise choice in you.
Apparently I drink milk the way I drink scotch: neat and in big sips.
lol i know! I thought about that last night and was like 'hey I need to give her her shirt back!!' :P
truth it hurts I know
Adele gives shout out to Someone Like You songwriter Dan Wilson, the guy behind Semisonic and "Closing Time"
the interview requests must be pouring in already
Congrats, a Valentine's present for a mom!
Good morning :-)
performance or injury?
My print order at Staples wasn't ready because they'd run out of staples! takes credit for jobs there, so this too is on him.
Where did this weekend go?!?!
Sorry my mind works in weird ways.... it's not my fault. We can still try to stop #Kony! But why 4/20? there are 366 days in this year...
My day went from good to fabulous. ;)
The culture that perpetuates and encourages bigotry needs to change, and minds will follow.
Site is starting to blow up.. Remember to send me any trade concerns in your #fantasybaseball league
guess who's Bacc.....
yea, we all have are own opinions and i have no problem with that, but i know what i see.
It's almost 8pm & it feels like summer-warm & the sun is still up. Love this time of the year...
Sitting in History doing absolutely nothing because my teacher is so unprepared.
he'll attack me... He's so big now o.o He's 5'2 and he's only 11!
Wait. So I have to be big before? That's not fair.
Hey, how are you?
brought me a chocolate doughnut and oreo bc i had the shittiest day ever Shes Jesus and everyone should follow her cuz YOLO
as I thought * whispers liar*
I hope you're not upset we got a John Cena and a Sheamous shirt ;) Even though you're not my number 1, good luck on Sunday
haha yeah but he did on the and 1
June i wanna find a job , penny coming soon
yeah? That's awesome to know
I hate that when I get my #productivity apps fine tuned it leaves little room for experimenting with paradigm shifting new tools.
the website shows that the shoes I sent back were more expensive than the ones I want now, so I don't know why the issue (2/2)
": Looking forward to having in tonight." we can't wait
Tons of emails & phone calls to catch up on...if ur on the list, 'patience is a virtue'....please
This Weekend I Want To Get Really Fucked Up & Just Forget About Everything That Happemed This Week . .
#dailyfeedback Songs with percentages in the lyrics - Soul Coughing Taj Mahal
Going to the Bucs-Colts tonight w/ my brother. GO BUCS!
“: My comedy's not for everyone, it's mostly just for people who are really fucking smart & super fucking cool.” i think ur funny
I think im slowly falling for you. (:
Stop trying to fit in, you were born to stand out
I have used Beatles "I Want You" before! Also Regenerator "Famished." 2 on MGF did strip vids to sell on their pages. Rawr!
Dang #Pacers took it on the chin tonight.... #WIZARDS tomorrow night... it's okay guys #wizards piece of cake lol
still your birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Your AMAZING,, just like what they say! I LOVE YOU...
Naturally, the night Joe says he will get up with B, he sleeps 8 hours straight...such my luck!! Now time for a pajama sunday in bed!
Shut UP
I love how #USWNT is getting back on D. If they do that for another 25 minutes the outcome will be victory.
plenty of
The time to move again was 3 years ago....
lol dammit Patrick can't you see Spongebob wants the card.
Agreed! Go a head and for a line bandwagoners!
Happy Monday!
listening to U-smile on the radio ohh yaaaayyy!! love him<3
WhenTime2raise the debt limit, Will GOP stomp & pout & take their ball home & brat the USA &c (S&P) downgrade again?
hard transition
Hope everybody had a good time last night. We definitely did. Thank for putting it together
I'm in a charity fashion show! kinda excited and skeered.
New years eve and I'm wearing shorts. #winter installs
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century - Marshal McLuhan
I am quite convinced that knows the questions my man will ask me ... before he asks them.
dude between going and then coming home?! yep!
at #CHI2011 we should have a panel with people who were there at #CHI1982 and make them relive the moment
I love Twitter more than Facebook cause I can update my status every 5 minutes without people thinking I'm crazy.
when my brother is watching rio he doesnt pay attention to me at all.. even he knows to ignore me
#SanAntonio is getting ready for the Battle of the Flowers parade at 12:45P today.
at #databq "Chongquin, the Chicago of the east, is a city in China of 32m, and it's adding 300,000 people a year"
appreciates happy tweets in his honor. Thanks but I have come to expect darker tweets from you.
Its what i do!
he was nice when we saw him. We started a one call that's all chant too.
and you and your crew
Come to our rummage sale!! 2953 S Wentworth Ave. Today goes till 3 and tomorrow is 10 till 3. Come on over!!
Seriously! I can't believe it's been a year already!!
Words cannot describe how happy I am. Just finished my last college research paper! Now I'll start writing exegeticals for fun!
I finished the Griffith Park Trail 1/2 Marathon with my wife & running role model, Eileen Prudhont. She is amazing, I'm so lucky & proud.
EA Sports, it's in the game! That announcer is so pumped when ever I put in a sports game, I love it!
#Sunbathing in my backyard.
All I see is this gay shit on my TL. Let men have buttsex and let bitches scissor each other.
Financial independence is a result of focus and hard work.
Need one more follower to break 1,000 - whos in?
Their weekends will become disappointing once they step on campus...
by the end of the summer ;)
I can't believe I wrote like 6 pages in Irish about Justin and my teacher didn't even bother reading it :/
I really wish would accept my FB friend request. Sure, we've never met in real life, but we're both freaking amazing!
At Cause Marketing Forum in Chicago, and I keep getting chills as I learn more about CSR campaigns!
i turn 27 a week from today. what is a 27 year old to do!?
Anyone miss me?
#tech2012 I hate conversations about Netflix using bandwidth without anyone paying for it. The consumer is paying for Internet access!
u lookn for #BANGERS send me uh email 2 send'em to #pimp.....GUARaNTEED FiRE!!!!
Why am I so sad
Thank you to EVERYONE who voted! We're so proud to have won especially cause it is an award chosen by the public! Have an Amazing Monday
#Knicks leading the whole game...get outscored 40-17 in the 4th quarter. Is anyone surprised?
Omg that sounds good.
And I turned off the American Country Awards...
We're hoping so too. Fingers crossed!
talked to some awesome frens on fb chat, so yea im kool like that
Obama.....30% tax on people who make 1 million dollars? Thats 300,000 in taxes right? I'm not rich but thats just bogus
oooohhhh.... Yes they screwed up!!
Kevin is in the same building as me... Suddenly erection.
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly must really hate today...
Rescue Me season finale : ( Dammit!! *Raises glass of wine* This one is for you, Lou...
Follow the roadmap to success, protect & help others, avoid the failures and dangers.
Mainly, I designed the Transcription Tool (with ) and worked on TEI stuff (& visited the Auto-Icon whenever possible).
Play pussy , get FUCKED , show feelings , get HURT, be faithful , get CHEATED on , show love , get LEFT , be honest , get LIED to!
Midlakes Basketball: Last night's progress won't mean anything unless we can carry ourselves like that again...and again...and again...
#JonnyTee "Friday Night" Video Shoot Saturday 12pm @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach, Ca. After Party 10pm-2am. No Cover. Hip Hop.
#Wikileaks shows the #GOP vicious attacks on me is just because I am a women, this should scare all women in this country,
Don't fall into partisan framing. Partisan frames blind us. Our readers want something else.
damn it ok lol
": Whatever you're facing today, remember to give yourself some credit for making it this far. You are stronger than you know."
So many hot geeks at the interactive portion of
LOL what abs? What about your ass Sandra. What about that? Ok. I don't have a big ass like you. Fucker.
dude, that was hilarious.
That's a lot of dishing! RT : #Bucks have recorded assists on a ridiculous 75.8% of their FGs over the last 4 games.
NotIntendedtoBeaFactualStatement? mt : Robert B. claims Planned Parenthood passing out condoms in schools leads to more abortions.
Sharon Link, Ph.D. and Jimmy Link will sign books at Hastings in Spokane Valley March 23, South Hill March 24 Coeur d' Alene March 25.
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay Knowing #God loves me unconditionally. He loves you too!
All tied up in Toronto...6-6 between and
I haven't heard Pinstripe, but the WH DJ is freakin awesome! You need him for your party!!
Mayor caught himself right after saying that Manhattan was the densest area in the world :)
me too! Everyone went to philadelphia and i am home :(
I know the feeling! RT : We stayed up way too late, pretending to be teenagers. It doesn't work so well in your thirties.
RT if you saw glee's season finale! so freaking awesome!
hope you have a happy holidays jacob :)
hm re-memory....m
Do you think the testimonies expert witnesses gave during Casey Anthony's Trial are credible?
WHEN nigga im serious...
Need Direct Billing for clients??
That's a silly little pile. You should see the stacks I would make for any one of my law school classes.
whew ok not as intense as I thought it would be lol
Snow already? Madison, I'm sorry but today I do not miss you.
Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you.
AWESOME show last night in WV! Halestorm was the best performance and can't wait til you come back around!
is absolutely unstoppable right now. I have a feeling Laker fans will be letting you hear about that air ball 3. Good luck in G7!
Happy Birthday to my baby brother. :)
Yes! Might have to wait until later in April though, for work and weather reasons...
Looks like a great day to rehab.
Pandora stations for each class today 1) arcade fire 2) Mumford & sons 3) ??..students listen as they search
Hello, Scotland! We have an Aberdeen in WA state, too.
Loved harry gold's session during #prndigital cant wait to dwnld the social media map!
Watching Immortals with mom she gets freaked out for everything lol
Who will be joining us at SPiN Milwaukee next Wednesday for a FREE Ping Pong Party!?
$849 for a stroller. I'd love to review the Origami #4moms falo Português :)
Man, I remember when Whitney was just a fresh-faced model for Seventeen magazine. It's sad to see how she ended up.
I'll be on in a second
Going back and comping recording sessions is weird. I don't remember us doing half of this stuff...
yes, and I spelled microsite with two words when I wrote about it. On the Interwebs.
Nope just punk, I apologize for the 4 people paying attention.
Talking with today. Any questions for him?
#in I will be today in San Francisco
Id like to meet your face!
tomorrow we will have fun :)
A Fathers work is Never done.My lil girl is under the weather..Breaks my Heart!!
Em said to keep track of her panties. Don't want any Sixteen Candles scenarios
...another day to try and bake the donuts...
same cause I have you as my GF <3
Still something to look forward to!!
I hate spongebob
undawareness panties ~ simple butt powerful ~ visit our website today. use the tell a friend button to help spread the word. thank you.
all three?
"VIP / ROCK*STARS IN GUCCI / KINGS AND QUEENS / YEAH WE'RE GONNA MAKE A SCENE!" (coming soon!)
hmm i guess i wonder whether love can be experienced outside of the intimacy your installations create
I have just finished shoveling snow for the day and yet I'm no closer to getting out!!
Either was hacked by a spammer that is posting gift cards on people's boards w/o permission or very bad promo.
It has been hard to read your tweets. HH soon? Maybe you could use some outside the issue friends like too!
Off for some last minute shopping (trinkets!) and then off to the airport.
#kanna New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
House of Payne. Terrible, terrible sitcom.
Ppl can see gold digger in a distance so keep far away please
Did you hold it? Haha
I wanna play draw something you you :)
There's a lot of candy left.
Reserving Feb 16 for Dallas maybe? #GoRangers!
Exciting announcement coming soon :-D
I hate having to take test.
When video is open: click on Zoom-n-Pan>right click on the vid above it>click on Snap to video edges. Does this help?
": Aint nothin like chris brown 1st album ."<<truth,just said this yesterday
I feel you bro. I feel you
Lmao. My sister !
anyone awake? Need someone to talk..
What if I told you, TV cameras don't pay attention to streakers...unless they stalk the athletes?
What is, the thing you do when you can't find an excuse not to clean your room?
Im in a good mood ^^
#NewOrleansBowl 4th and goal at the 3 for ULL. Timeout, decision time! Mud dogs, mud dogs...
Our first two followers!!
Because I, I want to be, Every little thing that you want,That you need, that you breathe (`▽´)-σ
RT if you'd love that I make an album.
Proposal submitted with & for #MCN2012 after a slight bit of submission form hacking and knavery.
Ah this day is amazing... Last Thursday in MHS ever!!
good look!!!
His brain has not only been washed, as they say; it has been dry cleaned!
Brisket is has been in (the crockpot) for over 7hrs and it still aint done!
playoff tickets I Want
If it happens, it must be possible...
Got 16 of 24 predicted correct for the #Oscars !
No plans next Friday? Come hang out at and get Rock'd by and Mar 6 6:30 Benefit for
so jealous. Their vodka sauce is pretty much my idea of heaven.
just wasting time waiting on the food to get done
my ipod isnt sliding to unlock >:(
Chicken and Waffles!?
I'll wait on the stoop.
Cant believe all those years I thought La Jolla, California was pronounced "La Jaw-lah" lol
I say my prayers to coach Cal every night.
So good bass is good for Bassers
USA 2m!! Predicting we make it to the semi-finals at least.
I know right! Well I have to finish some more school work and then go to the after school program I work at :)!!! I can't wait!
Handlebars expands a LOT on mustache, not sure if all functionality should be in scope for ICH. Dot notation is nice though.
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
I am so addicted to Coke~a Cola...
New commission program. Yes please!
So cool!! You kids are awesome!! Thank you!
RT : Today is a special day I feel the energy running strong !!!!!!!!! the things we see so far are at our fingertips!
Just left a friends bar mitvah on the way to my cousins ugh its hard life patying soo much in 1 day jersey shore tonight!!!
Watching the game. Lets Go Buffalo!
Come to (5th and K) tonight @ 6pm! Students are excited for the reaction to their larger-than-life photos. See you there!
M...Mini Bison Burgers! Thanks
TEN ITEMS - Find 10 cool items in your closet, garage, or storage unit you can auction then bring them down for our 6-28 auction.
SO TRUE, Vika/Pova fear Serena. In their defense, its hard 2 read Serena's 1st serve. Vika needs a weapon 2 trouble Serena
Coming back to NYU today! Greenwich hotel, can't wait to move in!
life is such a Ibn El-Sharmoota some times
Finns make some flame tacos..
probably so
I've been keeping up with my yoga...if dropping a muffin on the floor and doing standing splits to pick it up counts.
So blessed to have 2 children I would admire even if they weren't my own!
I'm with you, but that is exactly the point. Teaching, collaboration, these are joyfully difficult enterprises.
life never gets uncomplicated does it?
The consensus is Yes. But I didn't shave my legs. Hope nobody looks too closely...
Many thanks for the shoutout! Glad to hear you're enjoying the series.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Headed to Awards? Stop by for Happy Hour before!
Snack Words release candidate is out to beta testers.
make sure to tweet me , call me or text me lol (:
my mom is an
13 Reasons to Attend the Joining FORCEs Against Hereditary ...
deadly accident in downtown Jersey City tonight. At least one casualty believe to be a pedestrian woman. Grove st and grand st
Happy #Easter everyone! Hope you enjoy this beautiful day!
i think i keep saying graph when i really mean chart
>>>> girls who have children before they can legally ingest alcohol
Kennywood was awesome yesterday! Would have been better without the pink eye but watever! #LikeABoss I still went anyway!
Flower Kings - Tour Kaputt - Cd & Dvd and other new titles now at www.radiantrecords.com
Is coffee a religion to you. Is it more than a morning treat? At 7:40am we're giving away a Keurig coffee maker. Be there.
Infrastructure projects are fine but are Kenyans prepared to maintain them? - Daily Nation
Just gonna walk away before i do something stupid...FUCK designating titles...
My bby all i need cuz shes everything to me
relaxing with my furry child catching up on movies and then watching the Bears win!
Amare had twisties ... Nothing more terrible than that.
Working on my 14th hour of nonstop work right now. Only 3 more to go..
way cool, my little brother will love it! (me too)
Here we come !
killed ! Owned those Function 1's!
Don't ever go full sock monkey.
& Christine - Pleasant surprise, thank you! Amazing sharing with experts & us learners at #tcbsm4hr. Congrats on the event.
how is it so cool? It's just Dallas? Lol
#20ThingsAboutMe I've really never done anything seriously bad before... My bad attitude is maybe the worse thing about me.
TY so much for RT my blog on the "bad kids."
Secure https setting now on Twitter for all users by default... Some apps will no longer work...
Strange weather for Winter.Even the trees are confused. Some started blooming flowers in February when they should do so Spring.
Alex is sexy (;
the tongues out and everything... 😜😝
Teachers need to chill with all this work and worry about the FCAT.
Howard won't accept Sheldon's apology and this makes Sheldon very confused. Watch The Big Bang Theory with us at 6:30!
I went on a blogging spree last night! I blogged an entire weeks worth!
ask snoop dog and his pals, they seem to have that chalice thing down pat..
woo happy birthday to and mah' bestieeee c:
it does. I know it.
#musicmemory "all you wanted" michelle branch... first boyfriend
GOP against folks going to college is an attempt to keep the Rush making 50 mil per year to spew his crap.
goodnight  i love you Jason .c:
you are the man
I love that it's US Open time again! And 2 weeks till in concert at San Diego House of Blues!!
Sitting on the bus to Dayton! So excited to watch world guards and independent guards at wgi!
Woo hoo for college.
where are you?
If you think the problem is out there, that very thought IS the problem
But it's my birthday week. So I think I'll start celebrating tonight
Grown up concerts are funny. People sit, eat popcorn and there is no pot smell.
I'm doing that, too. RT : Maybe I can do a list of the 10 Best Films along with my 10 Favourite Movies.
Friends are like condoms. They are always there to protect you when things get hard.
Well it buys me a little time but mom picked me up and took me in so I did the only thing I could do. I hissed at her. :o]
love u
Almonds have been shown to help lower your levels of bad cholesterol. Try a handful as an afternoon snack.
The Blasphemer Trilogy is complete and sent off!
Let all #Portland golf geeks unite! RT: "It's back. Yes, I'm a golf geek..."
I heard Jack and Diane on the radio this morning and starting laughing out loud.
It's about time I made myself more awesome ! I have some huge goals to reach this summer, and I'm not going to let anything stop me.
brainfart on my part...I guess. Thanks for the feedback. I know its the other way around...
I swear folks jus like 2 argue
Don't expect anything from people because people suck.
#cocaine80s is no i.d's new mixtape. we takin back to high school, cuz Common is on this mother.
my lips be dry
Rt speed racer off vol1 been stuck in my damn head all day.."damn that's pretty huff but u got off.
RT Success comes in cans, not cant's.
If there is 1 thing that I have lrned about going to school in this city, it's that on any given day u can find someone to go out with you.
this morning was a definite fail
Facing the Giants
other than being sick, awesome. Great to see everyone, also got to see the wives and kidlings on Saturday.
so now i cant even observe games on pokerstars? sauce vs rui happening and the software wants me to download play-money-only version :(
has a fellow #Socialist, Francois , leading #France. Aren't we tired of these social experiments?
Stop waiting for the next best thing. Stop waiting for the other shoe to drop. Be an active participant in your own life and happiness!
- ah ha! But that is just part of their wily plot to disarm you!
If you liked CARNAGE ROAD, THE FRENZY WAR or COSMIC FORCES, please consider posting reviews at Amazon! Stuff like that helps.
I bet it already exists... I'm gonna be looking for it too haha
lol, yes I did and yes you are, but I couldn't pass up that offer. ;P
Thanks for helping us spread the word !
Watching some #WWYD :}
indeed, just classic. we need to start coming up with more words like that.
aw...it's cold there
Why build these cities glorious if man unbuilded goes? In vain we build the world unless the builder also grow - Edwin Markham
Thursday XOdallas 101.7 is broadcasting live and they will be giving out tickets for Enrique Bumbury and Zoe's concert.
I need a booking agent!
go to my page on twitter and u gonna see the picture i put up... It has the peace sign and mb names on our hands
my favorite genre of music is quasi-60's Lynchian dream pop.
Yahoo CEO in trouble for resume "blunder." Front page of the I can hear 's Monday response already.
NASCAR is for racists.
Sean and I would have the most beautiful children!
Shivers... Remember the HR in the 8th he hit last year to clinch it? He's too good.
#mediachat Social media management, from engagement to analytics - how can tools help and what you need to know to make them effective.
Mom caught me twerking O.O
We got to #300 - thank you #Team24Infinity!!!
I love turtles 
i know where, its a secret :) pack your truck amigo....Dan Banks and the Horse Pickers
So are we doing this?
Its like Pandora is reading my mind
Anyone else find that the more Franco you watch, the more recurring themes you notice? Countess Perverse was thematically similar to both...
Looks like I'm going to be in an upcoming online "Member's Spotlight" for
Watching the last song (;
Excited to write this article on don't ask, don't tell. Not a fan of that law. Not one bit.
Pizza hut with Carolina cuz YOLO
top 10, dunk, dunk, dunk, dunk, unreal goal should be number 1, dunk, dunk, who gives a shit NBA sucks.
Us too.
my bro man came through with info for me
Another question for re: children by Mr David Peña @ SDSUChildren'sCenter: Show affection 2 form holistic view & world citizen
Just read your post. Both had our hair chopped when we were younger. Go figure. Have a good night.
sent! getting in touch with is an awesome idea :)
Private event today !
I'm following most everyone who follows MELUS, and I've put a list together of Ethnic Lit tweeters--anyone I shd. add?
Where's that rib joint you were talking about earlier? Michelle's already hungry again! Shocker!!!
You know you're in love when the hardest thing to do is say good bye.
Doc Rivers on Avery Bradley: "I thought he played fine [in second half]. I didnt' think we'd have him. At halftime they said we wouldn't."
Her 'food' is processed by the enemy.
you rock. Where are you from?
I kinda gave up when tons of people I want to win joined :(
Let's keep going!
Had an awesome morning workout!! :)
Great -__- wasted a friday; blah a little tipsy thought x.x.
Did You Know? Border Collie clubs have mounted an active campaign to keep their breed OUT of the AKC
Hola tocayo! Hope all is well with you and yours.
"he who closes his ears to the views of others shows little confidence in the integrity of his own views."
She has zero interest in bed time. I have zero interest in having a puppy full time.
Lost without music
either get the Justin.tv app or you might have to get the app skyfire for any other sites
#nhdebate Newt finally comes alive!
You are making a big step and were going to support you through it all.Were here to stay and will never ever leave you okay?<3
There is not enough nirvana in my life.
thank you. I'm good. How are u?
I should not be wearing pants right now.
email or fb works :)
Celebrate the WINTER SOLSTICE-shortest day of the yr in terms of daylight in No. Hemisphere-by adorning your home w/ a yule log & mistletoe!
hahaha hanging upside down from trees. NICE.
wow! Really!? Would make for good TV!!
Taking the elevator bc im an American.
i never said fight but what ever
Bad call in 3rd inning of #NLCS last night cost the Giants the game. Straight down w/o touching plate = foul ball. Even Halladay knew it.
What we could do is just hand the ball to Kobe every time we make a drive. More efficient that way.
Thanks for the follow !
TODAY WAS GREAT :-)
Letters: Mortgages And The 1940 Census
Still can't get over the fact that we were a powerful David Stern away from the greatest back court in NBA history.
If you have blocked by a large number of people.
Everyone at Hollister can go fuck themselves, store is basically highschool all over again, grow the fuck up.
whats been good man im tryna find some management
Who you spend time with and who you listen to creates your life.
Thanks dude
Come on! Your days of freedom are numbered. Have fun while you still can! It's not like you work hard on Fridays anyway, right?
Not really. Colt was a 3rd rounder who essentially got a 20 game trial, and they moved on.
It's not that it hurt me or my feelings.. It just pissed me off.
#CancionesEnEspañolQueNoPuedenFaltarEnMiMP3 I have no idea what this even means or why its trending haha
Sorry to anyone who has tried to call or text in the last hour or so. My phone is being wonky.
Do you just quote things from you favorite tv shows that you watch?
of course birthday girl! :D
8 prints shipped off to Bham for framing for Magic City Art Connection. I'm getting a bit nervous about this show. Not my normal audience.
Boehner's failure may give President more leverage to invoke 14th amendment & avoid default - but White House says it won't do so
Argh...someone shared a site for creating awesome infographics and now I can't find it! Anyone?
good choice. I think she's hilarious on Parks & Rec. I wish I could be as dry and deadpan as she is, but sadly I'm too nice. :)
9 year old boy drives to his elementary school tuesday morning. his mum was in the passenger seat. eh??
"You lift my feet off the ground; spin me around. You make me crazier." 
Haha Good thing he didn't say bra RT : , I Walked into a dude at the park, he said "sorry bro"..
It was a thrill to see CAA on the caller I.D. haha. Sad part, it stopped me in my tracks from writing, just now getting back.
ready for more ThirstDC? They've got an entire Smithsonian line-up Apr. 26 - hope to see you and your hubby there! :)
Happy Mother's Day to you RED HAUTE MAMA!
Ice cream maker attachment, IPOD docking station, and a job... all in a day's work:-p
try the firefly tea vodka too
Flip practice yesterday. Indoor pool, warm, clean water...A MUST have skill for all scullers.
No no mind ruined. Why did I click that link? Why? I knew I was in a bad neighborhood
Oh haha, I'm not suprised! Haha you're there early! Are you wearing heels or flats?
Let us know how you're spending your Mother's Day, YUMs!
i agree with you on that! :)
universal truth is not measured by mass appeal.
I will love Thee, O Lord, my strength; the Lord is my foundation, and my refuge, and my deliverer.
no I'm not home I'm at school and in probably goin to Mexico
A. Tenfelde getting the nod tonight.
wtf? Just leave her alone.
Festive Soiree w/Robin Pluer & Friends ♫ one night only (Turner Hall) Dec. 8 at 7:30pm! begin the holiday season en Francais!
The guy that staked me, took me out AA<Q9 off all in pre. Why stake me then bust me? Makes no sense.
I apologize in advance, but you are about to get a Badger Nation recruiting overload. Lots of recaps from us to read!
If you keep throwing your vagina out there, of course you going to look like a ho, sorry.
Thank you ~
no I believe that is exclusive to that area haha
#lifeisgood speaking at #adclub CMO breakfast today. Optimism is a great message to start the day!
Wiz's verse in Pay phone >>>
Ms. showed up to #practicetweets today with not one but TWO coffees. I think she's getting the hang of this internet thing!
IF ANYONE IS SELLING VANCOUVER B.C. floor or lower level seats, please tweet me!
YES that's how us #beliebers roll..#BoyfriendBrokeTheRecord u Tell Beliebers to break a record for Justin, and we'll do it 4 ♥
plenty of games to watch tonite.. asu-u of a..heat-cavs..eagles-texans..suns-warriors..asu hoops happy til 7.... don't miss out
Private lesson. So, yes.
Connecting business affairs and traffic across tv and online video is more critical now than ever. ~Extreme Reach
What are we gonna do to fix this major crisis?
Hey Andy, we need the final corrections to your Teaching Arts and Science with the New Social Media chapter! Check your email.
#InstantTurnOn lip biting
I'm sure
Sunday quote: "Earth laughs in flowers." -Ralf Waldo Emerson
RT : A plan to make James Joyce’s manuscripts available online sparks yet another controversy over the Joyce copyright....
Almost 5 million followers......so I heard this crazy rumor that you follow fans, is it true?
the suspense of waiting to hear abt fellowships is killing me. and preventing me from focusing on anything...
Ever been in love? It's nice, you should try it.
I'm already knowing!!! Have a good week Miss Sophie :))))
so, im spending the whole day & night with my boo tomorrow ;) oh yes.
FLYCANDY is the #1 Urban E-mail Marketing Firm in The DMV; Reaching a Six Figure Database! Let us make your campaign Fly!
Doing a tinychat tomorrow from 7-9 EST so make plans to stop on by! haha
All my #CysticFibrosis friends- who thinks we need to buy some Vertex stock so we'll be able to afford the Df508 meds? $300k per year?!
I can understand if someone has a blatant Philly accent, like a south Philly one. But sometimes I don't think it's there
Eating everything in sight
Awww, I didn't get to see you at all!
yeah and awe dat sucks :/
thank you:)
Hey everyone stay cool today!
I think he'll take the prologue, i'll do the main chapters and bill buckner can take the epilogue.
He is not dope
Hear from a sex offender about the MKE Co. sheriff's dept.'s annual Halloween tradition to keep kids safe: "Knock & Talks" on #cbs58 @ 10pm
Oh gosh… I guess my fate is sealed!
Democracy, not theocracy!
old lady status.
RT : Seriously nice airport. Also city was lush green on way in. Nice.
It’s Edward Steichen’s #birthday! Search ARTstor for steichen eastmanhouse to see hundreds of his photos and the original inscriptions.
Hangin out with before the show:))
I LOVED it!(: it was my first time and y'all are HILARIOUS!(:
lmbo but true
time travelers wife is such a good movie.
I just started what I hope turns into a flame war. It's been years since I've been in one of those.
You've ruined my life enough, that I don't even care if you move. At first I was sad, but now I just don't care. Have fun in Cali.
Mary Cheh is being re-sworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 3
damn Alaina you so fine I just want you to be mine valentines day would be our first date I'd open my heart like you open a gate..
The highest endeavor of the ind, and the highest virtue, it to understand things by intuition
I think I have carb poisoning
“: what are you guys doing? #lol” none of your business mr traveler
I'm never sure how to answer on value of PhD programs -- I think best I can say is, "It depends."
.400 18 HR and 43 RBI... that is numbers you only see in video games..
new rule change?
Certainly will if I can!
RT : Ready for game 3 tomorrow between heat/knicks
You're Not Alone
Wishing all a fantastic weekend!
Might as well pester Tommy Tune for working out of NYC, or the Quaids, Wes Anderson, Patrick Swayze, etc. for leaving Houston.
yea as long as it has a front camera and the facetime app
hang on hang on. What? What are these books?
Day drinking in Super Bowl village!
Hope the Knicks win today to keep this series going a little longer.
Audrey sorry!
This week has been uber productive! My children's trust funds will be built on the progress of the past few days.
i need to be reprimanded... junk food binge
Gizmodo: Web startups are made out of two things: people and code. The people make the code, and the code makes the peopl
Make sure you check out www.wsupfl.com for our current demo stream. Send us a request and let us know what you want to hear!!!
But you did get to see Bryce's first HR! Still, they need to win the game; the Padres are trifling.
Hey! Dancing is the only thing can ease my mind.
Ready to watch the brilliant Paul Merton...
LSU now facing 3rd and goal.
Having trouble watching the Mariners, ugly game, more errors then hits, so I am checking out the new features of CS5. Gosh I am geeky.
To keep up-to-date on link building, Pull RSS feeds from Google, Yahoo and Bing to stay abreast of changes, says
I do not live in Europe. Unfortunately, my trip will have to be in July, that is the only free time I have
Before we start the weekend, we'd like to know - where do you go for book recommendations? NYTimes? B&N?
Loves the idea of a seed library!
All day Happy Hour! Get a slice of Coconut Cake and a latte of your choice!
Gosh why does Gossip Girl have to end. AND THEN GLEE TOMORROW D;
Just wrapped two weeks as a DP on an independent feature shooting with the ARRI Alexa. I thought I had died and gone to Heaven. Or at lea…
Visit our photo gallery at www.friendsofhowardfootball.org. We may have a picture of you.
While it's endearing that you're letting your 3 year old try and push the cart, Costco probably isn't the best place to do it.
I wonder how skinny i'd be if I had to exercise to keep my phone on.
Taking the family 2 see Eddie From Ohio 2morrow @ Wolf Trap!
Shooting hockey today!
#JohnWall is to the #Wizards as #Ovechkin was to #washcaps; way to go Wiz
Moore. Garrard. Tebow. Those three will not all be dolphins. Tebow and a pick for moore - as Peyton insurance? Just thinking out loud.
I wasn't being serious. Twitter really needs a sarcasm font.
is spending the day at the Celebrate Dance Festival in Balboa Park.
On this day in 1981, the album “Street Songs” hits #3 on the Billboard 200.
shaking my head at the kids at my school that have twitter/tumblr or both and dont know how to it. Its not like facebook dumbass smh
I want to meet you!
15% Off All Addiction Pet Food, Including New Raw Dehydrated Cat Formula!
Thanks so much for following me! I followed back.
Don't own a gun, but still am aiming for the better
Happy Birthday
Marketers in the 1930s scared wives into purchasing certain coffee brands thru fear of being battered by their husbands.
my dog is sick!
Merry Christmas Eve-Eve! :)
Stealing wifi from the bus ahead of us, 'cause #BieberBus doesn't offer it... 'cause these buses haven't been updated since 1995.
i wish i could go to the game . Go Belfryy !
I have a lot of issues.
Dealing with negativity... If your customers feel that way then you want to know it. Then you can fix it.
24 hrs of boating wears a brother out
Me! “: I was like who is joshua pedro lmao”
Just ordered 'Here, we cross'. (, , , ) 1st poetry bought in ages, a worthy investment indeed! :)
We will be closed today for our annual staff appreciation pool party. Enjoy this spectacular day!!
spam bots have no appreciation for irony
Throw the flag!
Huff! I've seen enough of Gomez, he needs to go back to Welcome Back Kotter! A A All-Star but can't get in done in "The Show"
2011 was the year of fear
is it bad??
not your best...transition programs for players we know have been moved thru the collegiate system is a good thing.
It was such a pleasure meeting you at video shoot, cant wait to see the finish product!
That's big if Hakeem Nicks is out...
no problem (: you goin to the relays doe?
New drummer will be announced this Saturday :) who's stoked?
yup, again. We'll see how long this lasts haha.
Need me some drank
working the registration tent; it's like an outdoor reference desk
Like that’s stopped secret societies in the past. They still don’t know what we *do*.
I wish that too! and i also want to see you! lol
If you have come to help me you are wasting your time but if you are here b/c your liberation is bound up with mine, let us work together.
Good Morning!
“: it's grimace.. he misses you.” dude. For real he moved out of AE and into FV. Dying right now.
I will be. Trying to figure out what to say is the hard part, but I can't let this kind of opportunity pass me by.
Thank you for following us. We are so lucky to have so many Wagner alums working with us!
they didn't ☹
Watching Swamp People!!
A lot got better actually lmao!
Selection sunday!!
This three-pass protocol is typically used during key exchange
The trust we put in God honors Him much, and draws down great graces. ~ Brother Lawrence
got tickets too your louisville show!! (: kentucky is boutta be hyped!!
dude i ♥ you, please follow me!
New jobs today!
Still up, working on a list of recruits to finish 2012 off with and a head start on 2013 class.
Good Morning <3
We're in agreement -we have awesome husbands that should meet too!
I'm always at work ma...we had a private party so the front door was closed...back door was the entrance...
palindromes, those unholy parallel beasts!
Think about it & you ah nigga you be ina club.... how them chicks be actin once they get that liquor in they system & them Beats come on
I love the learning community. Always willing to help w advice on games/activities to help w org. issues!
i love you.
Heaven here me now
You guys freaking rock
I missed by a half hour when I first came on! NO!!!! Id love advice on snowboarding for two weeks from now!!
Joe Minoso(Teatro Vista):'Find the most universal story told thru Latino landscape.'<3 this: landscape is determined by mission!
awesome! I'm just waiting for my day when I get recognized. I got a client from being at the counter.
18? Okay so that's one for older hahaha
If you were, say, a city in the Bay Area that got the title of being the most sharing of lemons...how would you want your title to appear?
Downtown for the #OccupyPittsburgh march? Stop in for free chipotle pumpkin soup!
My fingers, among other parts of me are always left throbbing after going over your beautiful Tweets! Always a pleasure! ;D
Totally scored a TCP/IP book for $2.
Are you at the top of a mountain smoking a bowl? ;)
post pics for those who can't be there.
I could watch you for a lifetime, your my favorite movie ❤🎧
when your mom calls you at 5 am on a Saturday morning-_-
Watching the '72 Summit series Canada vs Russia. Helmets vs no lids! That was the original flow era
In New York City! I've already seen a couple of celebrities :)
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
My cousin is addicted to that song! It kinda gets annoying haha
Great news Ray Dearth & Three of a Kind has just been reformed w/all new players and the sound is Fantastic Can't wait to start Recording
right on, I'll see it eventually :)
Anyone at ft bragg tryna hoop?
You need to get with my people, of ... Trust me here, beautiful...
don't ask a smoker why their eyes are red...its offensive¡
Can you add the tag #green to your Eco Life notebook please? About to promote it for Earth Day!
of course. We need to chill again soon!
Have fun at Stumptown! It's my favorite con and I am so bummed I'm not going this year.
Apparently BOB thought same bout me LOL": She had that "I used to be pregnant" stomach hanging out #throwup"
hope you're ok, just read that you were going to the hospital. Get better or if you're going to see someone hope it's ok (:
According to NBC Miami, the best place to eat fast food is.... Chipotle, McDonald’s or Panera Bread?
“: the pick: DEN 17 PIT 13” love this prediction. Teeeeeeebowwwwww.
Good one. MT : The Difference between a Boss & Leader: A BOSS says 'Go' & a LEADER says 'Let's Go.' J C. Maxwell RT
for that David! I'm def feelin the love
I don't want to "need" anyone except for Jesus.
"You were close to getting three 'NO' responses to your tweet." -Both & , after Nate rescued me. CC:
Thanks for the list add!
glad your having fun. Frank cab, nice choice.
very awkward twitter feed of occupy wall street and golden globe tweets
Come with #anhkc and celebrate two of Kansas City’s richest cultural legacies: jazz music and the spoken word. Thursday from 7-9pm
I did not walk down that road.
I can't do this
That is a good point. Just b/c they are on the pg doesn't mean they see the benefits of the product.
It's National Volunteer Week! Thanks to our volunteers for helping us to inspire a life-long love of reading in the children we serve!
that would be AMAZING
that sounds delightful
hahaha! just read this: "Oh,dating.It’s beautiful,really: Boy meets girl,boy woos girl,girl falls for boy.Wedding.Babies.Bliss."
I want a
Cuz its sexy RT : How come Mexican and rican niggas always got a scar on the side of their face? Niggas aint upgraded to guns yet
QUACK QUACK
Theres a place I want on my shirt.They make the yummiest dessert! Their cupcakes r the BEST, no fakery! Oh how I LOVE !
"President Obama went to Rev. Wright's church and he's still a nicer, more likable guy than Mitt Romney"- Super Pac Ad
Happy Birthday Nicolette! :)
k but i gtg cause we going to buffalo tmw and we gotta wake up early so goodnight :)
Thanks for the love Tantek
I think I would be insanely let down if doesn't write a very Lois heave episode! lol
Bought my outfit last night,,, niggas finna b on!
you make it there yet?
Great start to summer language classes! Already planning for fall.
Setting up for some more Diablo 3
Who would YOU like to see come for Festival Flamenco 2012? Let us know!!
Today I gotta get it!!! What up looking forwrd to that party on the 16th
This weather in Ny is perfect right now. It should never get any colder than 65....
wow, leaves me speechless!
;; true true . Lol . I'm like starving , and I want brownies . Aha .
Kenny Kapone Album Destined To Be is on sale online. Check it out its a most have
in hopes of that one day where we will find one we continue to be nice guys...
exactly - there's just no excuse to be that slow, especially if my mobile banking app is faster!
Well im gonna go now : ) New pic : P
get some decorations.. balloons.. food.. and a gift.. u gonna be busy? wanna join me? :)
So fucking bored..I wanna download apps..someone give me good apps please(:
RT : I hate dumb bitches<= dont hate. Discombobulate!
I just realized I haven't worn my Taz Brewers shirt to a game yet. You can officially blame the team's so-so start on me.
