so clean!!
Blessed- we were wondering if u could bless us with a few drops/jingles for the radio show. RED ROSE @
Disappointing loss to say the least....Aggies, maybe you should have stayed in the Big12! Oh wait, can't beat them either!!
Wonderful FREE PUBLIC READING late nite!!! Great audience. And, through several generous donations, we received our grant matching goal!!!
All the windows are open, too.
Over thinking will ruin you..
RT : So cool! Over $1700 given today so far to help #cpstudents go to #shift2012 #greatful // Seriously AWESOME!
“: Thanks for all the support! Updates on where to sample soon
Sudoku then sleep, got to keep my brain healthy lol
if the teen novel DIFFERENT sells well, INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING intends to also translate DIFFERENT into Chinese as it did with BUZZ this yr
Thanks for the follow! We will be in your neck of the woods in October & November treating a mural
Mexican food for lunch! Yumm
This Saturday, take a tour of an LA neighborhood, then connect with Angelenos from around the city at the Found LA Celebration! Atwater...
Come to #CityHeat on Harris Blvd in CLT to celebrate my birthday! Food/drink specials n watch the games on tv. NO COVER CHARGE
#wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: You will probably spend more time promoting your posts than actually writing them.
The championship of that league im running in is tomorrow night. You should come thru. Pause .we play and 9 if we win.
Ugh, no wants to catch tonight's Thunder game?!? Oh like the wizards or whatever team you cheer for is so awesome.
Hm... I might need to stop by and touch that tree up before we call it finished. You home tomorrow?
THX for the mentions!
There are only two options regarding commitment, You're either in or your out. There's no such thing as life in between.
Thank you #BCU for becoming the new #BOA. Good to know that credit unions have become big business as well.
What is yo sexy ass doing tonight? Lol
October 6 ZuZu brings back $1.00 breakfast Tacos 3 ingredients fresh handmade tortillas salsa bar and more. Are u Ready??
Try eating organic, or as your grandparents used to to call it: regular ass food.
"I wish all gifts could be just the thought."
DeCourcy quoted : Gutenberg Press probably produced "a lot of crap" before printing the 42-line Bible; yeah, but THATS INCUNABLE! LOL
I still know the way to make your make up run.
talk to me girl!!
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, if u do find one, what's your plan?
We can no longer tweak old curriculum to meet new needs-deSigning curriculum is taking on a new face
Just got a peak at the prize list for 2night's #WarmBellies Twitter Party! I get to give them away with my pals at 7pm ET!
On your journey to success, there are others out there that might count you out, but it's up to you to keep pushing and prove them wrong. RD
Nothing says hoodrat more than a broad with her ponytail cocked to side
hey you! are you coming tonite?! i miss you!
Amazing how stupidly ignorant people are now a days.
And if you've been following me this whole time, how come I haven't seen you behind me? Huh? Huh?
Welcome back to New England Jabar Gaffney!
Guess we gotta reschedule this session, again, huh?
bring me back a Hurricane!
TAKE ME BACK
What's good #Columbus?!
thank you :)) x
Thanks, man! Expect to get some links to other stories soon!
haha okay Bryan
Time is the best teacher; unfortunately it kills all of its students.
yooo i miss tess she knew how to have fun haha
a really balanced editorial. palin drives me nuts and is one of those dumb like a bunny smart like a fox kinda people..
never even heard of that lol
they are so rude to do that
i have got so many thoughts in my head tonight
good luck. Where is it at?
Hey Eastman folks: is Harold doing his annual leap day concert this time around?
have a walkman delivered to you by carrier pigeon.
I should give away a free iPad so people don't focus on my lack of substance.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Up for a Fabulous Fish Fry? See you today from 11-8
He wants me to wear a green dress, have straight hair with sparkles and black shoes. He is wearing red and yellow after his dad cut his hair
use an injector the kind cooks use to inject meat with marinade that should work ? Goodluck !
very lovely.......love your pic.
AmenRT : Everybody has flaws, learn to accept them because there not perfect and neither are you..
I really thought the Knicks were going to come out and fight. It would have been a idea to guard the all-time 3-pointer though LOL!
ohh, sorry, like i cant find my camera, and ipod :P sorry, maybe next time :(
Salem Young Pros meeting this morning had great talks today about the state of the local economy and what to expect for 2011.
On the first night of #Hanukkah I could have used a candle...two-hour blackout in Aruba.
No car. No money. Online Slots?
I'm game!
I don't doubt that!!
Get money get money that's all that's on my mind. Mama like new and expensive things. That's all I know.
Well today wasn't the best Monday ever #fail. Tuesday will be a better day. Staying focused
hey just read the post about the imposter....lets kill em all!
you should think about being a commentator. your play by play is as good as your jokes :)
Giving thanks and love to my great family and friends. Enjoy your families. Enjoy your life. Enjoy.
Daddy, I always thank God for you! For the simple things that you have done to me and for the kids. I will always love you! !
Night+Market. That spyce. Hollywood.
You know, talented actors can get paid well to do their craft in an intimate setting when lights/seats/lobby are out of the equation.
lol mayb but we dnt get in brutal fight in the mosque and break the doors lol jk
SO enjoying tweets abt NATO, etc. from yr accts. Vicariously since too busy 2 read anything substantive
Enjoyed my WVOX jazz show, with special guest Jewel Kinch-Thomas. We played songs of love and romance. Duke, Bill Evans, Patti Austin, et al
life is a beach and I'm just playin in the sand 🌴
that mini heart attack you get when you open the door and there's a raccoon staring at you.
im guessing he went to that party.
&#9743; LOOK Bush Baby2 Covert Camera Dog Girl Protect Your Kids
#afternoonshift The Picture of Dorian Gray
Sushi and Sake to close out the weekend...I sure do love it out here in Sunny LA. Hope everyone had a killer weekend!
single and the love of my life its food. nuff said bro
No problem!!! My pleasure, Mrs. Dickson. I absolutely adore little Rachel Eliana. You should visit with her sometime!
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday. :-)
RT : I don't like waking up early, i smoke all my weed up faster when the days r longer < aint dat the truth.
I finally could smile again , someone finally listened to me <3
cute boy is very cute except he's wearing a shirt that says "epic fail"
I strangely love getting the chills
#WhatAWomanNeeds A Guy Who Will Protect Her Like She's His Daughter, Love Her Like She's His Wife, & Respect Her Like She's His Mother ♥
Guys, there's a totally cute new barista at the Copper Cup. this one is mine!!
pleseeeee follow me back!!! Been watching your videos every since shootusdown!!
U holding on? Take your vitamins and rest'
Factors may give you useful information about the credit standing of your customers & allowing you to negotiate better terms with suppliers.
lol i was waiting for your reply ! i knew you'd be all up on this tweet
No kidding. I'm glad my uncles don't interweb, they would be pissed.
Hopefully i get the job at H&M.!
Oh my goodness, really? (Sorry we're just seeing this.) Take heart, they may return soon!
Hey!!! How you doing?? I'm going to text you k
Worried about the summer sun taking a toll on your skin? Rachel discusses skincare with Stanford Dermatology this Sun (6/6/10) @ 5:30pm.
All new info is useful. Thanks for the link. :-)
Hey Thanks!
Watching Indecent Proposal - a million 1994-dollars is what? $1.2m today? Stil...
Oh if quick got in that mess....
We needs monies :0
Couldn't agree more with you, Mr. Anderson. Love this album.
I've missed speaking with you. c:
Getting everything ready on the set of ! We love being here =)
i got the world in my wallet swisher full of violet
When he texts me first > ❤
Woop! I Remember You From Your Hair! I Really Liked It! I Never See That Kinda Hairstyle Like Ever :3
“: Call me. Fuck this "maybe" shit.”
like voices in our head!!!
Blue tagged items all this weekend at Diversity Thrift are 25 cents! Clothes, housewares, all sorts of goods! Don't miss out!
Yo I'm trying to get to the shoot! Where's the location??
Chris Brown is an insane performer.
My instagram name is newday_newme for a reason
I'm in MD this weekend. But that's the spirit! I'm glad I'll be seeing you in BK this summer ;-)
thanks for everything you did here in Denver, I will never forget this memorable season I wish you the best of luck in New York
has all of their display computers password protected so you are unable to test drive them.
Tens of thousands die in the US every year because of greed and cowardice of Senators and Congress, and/or no health care at all.
you always have the scoop.
#clarification yes, the sexism in that last post was intentional. I'm an elitist white crab, for pete's sake--so sue me.
And Take Off Sexy Vinny Tear Tear again ='(
Gavin literally gave me the shirt off his back today
My mom's madden name is Myers so I am part jewish but I can't stand Zionism.
Bleh. Needs to end. Winter from October to March is just plain depressing!
Aye!!! Damnit! That hurts.
Went yesterday to the gym and my legs are so soar today that I can barely walk lol been walking the whole day like a duck
Whoa! Guess I'm on the late show!! Hey y'all!
Currently reading: Verb (Verbo) by P. Neruda
prof passing out snacks is too clutch
#SayNoMo its yours! When you wanna get it?
Congrats on the win and making it to the playoffs
so the storm's moving away from laredo?
julian wants to see you!!!!!
I just got choked up when I read this...
Brian! What are you up to these days? Are you going to be in Harrisonburg around the holidays?
you missed us :)
lol, nice one. Go ahead and try taking minds off what is going on.i like the editing tho. All the issues are important,
Oh my gosh my mom thinks am gonna be smoking tomorrow am so sure...
i swear i spoil my dogs :)
I SMH At Some Baby Mama's .
Why you? Why Not U?
It is not so much what is poured into the student, but what is planted that really counts. ~
Championship (England B-League) promotion playoffs start thurs (4 team bracket). winner goes 2 EPL & club earns $100 mil more/yr
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention. Duguet
I might throw up after everything I've eaten tonight. Why didn't I wear leggings instead of these stupid jeans?
Thanks! I'm totally beat but got a few drinks in me and I'm ready for country dancing!
Traffic was ridiculous this morning.
If I won the Lottery for millions I'd buy the Senator Theatre in Bmore and turn it into the bar I've always wanted to have! Movie Themed!
Looking for something part time? We are hiring servers for lunch and dinner shifts. Stop in to apply!
RT : "The whole world seems to part way for someone who has a sense of where he or she is going." ~ Richard Edler...
Tonight it's "soul station" at casa del mar in SM, with great singer John Bigham (soul of John Black). 8pm.
what do you want to say to ? Send it to me (:
RT : Dear Weekly Review, you are so difficult yet necessary... Why can't I just enjoy the time we have together?? #GTD 
I love when my job tells me im not friendly to people. Im not sorry I have mentally checked out of this place haha..
So lets dance!
Drama llama lmao
Thank you all for coming! We are so glad you could come and volunteer! Please thank your employees for us!
Flamenco dance class with Virginia Iglesias San Francisco Dance Center #26 - 7th Street @ Market Street, 3rd floor/ Studio #6, 6 to 9pm ...
it was enchanting to meet you
Bosh out there giving birth to someone's love seed.
People of Distinction
Just watched "Drive" with Ryan Gosling. If only "The Notebook" had that much violence.
So you was cheating on me all this time? Never listening to my heart again.
it was awesome! i have a feeling it's going to be a new regular spot.
So, I'm not seeing a lot of tips on the Internet for Zombie Jombie, but I'm figuring out a lot on my own.
"Burger King to be Nicer to Pigs, Hens: To Hell with Cows"
- that is so cool! ...no one rolls like me!
Back at ya! RT : A very Happy Birthday to !!!
Good luck to all the teams playing in the Matt Dozier this weekend!
I have it on good authority that a very special guest will be making an appearance at the #polarexpress Meet & Tweet tonight!
the whale?
same thing happened to me about an hour ago...wtf
In Mexico you can turn pro (boxing) at 15 years old. Kinda the method...
The internet lied to me!
Doubt we get the cover (???). I'm hoping for the April 11th cover...if you know what I mean?
I love it when you call me big popppa.
everyone who has screenshots of the trend tweet it to lou! i would but my comp doesn't let me screenshot :( so do it!
iight but umm haha i can't go my. Ma-der is picking mi up tomarrow n oh shit!!!wait imma message u
Kobe can't be touched in the clutch
. singing Losing My Religion. Wowza!
hey buddies. You guys ready for some diving or what?
lol, I totally am!
Since when did the stereotype for middle age Jewish men become hawaiian shirts with scraggly facial hair? Come on guys! represent the clan!
new iPad. I am so happy!
Kathy Lee had nice legs, does she play tennis if not I would love 2 teach her ;)
your unhappiness will always be my happiness :D.
Whenever you're in a relationship everyone else is single. When you're single everyone asks you to stop crying in public.
Looking forward to having come on this weekend! Can't wait to see what tasty Salad Peter puts together!
Keep up the fantastic work RT I had a great workout at Happy Monday!
And I did. RT : go take a look. if you have a heart, you will instantly smile :)
I'm halfway tempted to go see The Avengers again.....that movie was too dope.
When does Tim Kennedy fight again? I love that man!! A fellow warrior.
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything.3
at any rate, be sure to work "raad het woord" into the greeting.
Love it. Inspirational!
Honestly, then please believe me when I say one day soon you WILL believe it.
Congrats on volunteerism award at last night's Young Professionals Leadership Gala!
text me right now
This has been the BEST birthday ever, and it isn't even my official birthday till tomorrow! #iloveyoumommy&daddy
always love yr recipes!
That look you give your friend when someone makes a One Direction joke unintentionaly.
I'll be back. Genius always finds genius...and head coaching jobs.
's 1st session with her CA miracle Dr. went incredibly well. Updates on her recovery and return to NBB performances soon
To keep in the spirit, Happy Good
Has nobody told TD Bank that Regis & Kelly don't work together anymore?
i know sorry baby! <33 but i had to work :{
Time to get the party started, right?
the third line! If you don't get secondary scoring, you don't advance...and good goaltending, and good defense, and...
Im not gonna chase anybody, it's as simple as that.
LOL, too cute! “Man In Coma Enters GOP Race, Already Polling Ahead Of Romney... ” ☺
hahaha i could only imagin, do you have anything else for sale? im trying to revamp my collection
Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Temple take on Wyoming in the Gildan New Mexico Bowl on ESPN @ 1pm CST/2pm ET.
Coem fill my glass up a little more.
The Scott Pilgrim Quick Look totally sold me on that game's soundtrack. Think blink-182 + Mega Man
Michele if you want to help the American people get back to work ask me how. I am a candidate like but putting people to work
I need taco bell rn
Grace and sin and information science? Right up my alley.
Hey Beer Baron! Can we expect to see you @ Churchkey for the League of Libations tmrw? Free Magic Hat at Churchkey from 6-8!
I gotchu boo.
Oh no. That makes me sad. I have the respiratory system of an 80 yr old woman due to un-openy windows.
Be careful of what you say and the tone your readers may be perceiving.
Crushed candy heart in mail leads to building evacuation.
why did blink 182 have to cancel bamboozle :( i mean i know why but it was my only chance to see them sigh
then Kentucky vs Kansas! I love college hoops!
my days goin great(: an urs?
word..i'm in atlanta..we Practically Neighbors!
Hanging with the love she is awesome as shit
that is awesome! :)
ill be going ocassionally but we're all at UF for summer
he already threw his sleeve, a head band and a handful of chalk into the crowd...
Yes, I'm ready too! BTW, just apologized for hurting & said he got a little too excited.
Has anyone bought the new Star Wars on Blu-ray yet? I can't decide if I want to give George any more of my money.
Completely floored over the power of PatientsLikeMe.
Favorite Disney princess? Definitely Ariel!
is happy his blog is back. Now only if bitches would read it!
Watching a show called the weiner's circle. Lmfao. Dont ask.
Which celebrity do you think has the best smile?
I love walmarts like that <33
Big day tomorrow.
Dinner was amazing !
It's good that it's Friday on good Friday!!!
Night in reverse-- dessert, dinner, cocktails. Splendid
Really need a break from school
#NHDEBATE TOTAL WASTE! SICK OF SEEING THESE DEBATES ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES AND NOT INVOLVING THE CAMPUS AT ALL
tell me about what's happening in your head.
Just finishd Jayden's chest x-ray, awaitin da results, nd he can finally eat solid foods, so we r waitin for his tray to come
With all the cuts to schools, library, and rec centers, we better be funding public safety. So glad I don't have kids.
U have a beautiful face & a beautiful mind. Now fix your bio from right after 2 #JustSaying UR a Hooligan girl! JS
LOL I totally forgot you were at Wango Tango. WIZZZZZ.
finally followed me! YAY! Gonna go vote for him some more now! <21
These school papers stressing me out somebody smart help:/
My mom loves #Boyfriend by :p xD <3
If video killed the radio star, who killed the video star? Hm.
Wishing our best to ..best wishes to you!
yes, that's what i'm talking about!
My roommate has decided he would like Psych a lot more if there weren't so many jokes. I think he missed the point.
PREACH“: Jeremy Lin on 1 leg and doped up on morphine would still be an upgrade over Baron tonight...”
I think Sessions has always been Shannon Brown with a worse jumpshot. a decent bench player when hot; not a savior.
#FF favorite sports writers con't (there's a lot)
Universal for those with health insurance through their employers. Which is not universal. At all.
Kim-chi!
Thanks for leaving #ALEC ! Appreciate you listening to us!
The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference
SMH at you.. no one will listen to you..😌
My body is rejecting my contact lenses...I'll be home for dinner tomorrow! YAY
Up at oh-dark-hundred this morning to take the wife to the hospital this morning for her surgery.
some one tried ordering from chick-fil-a and the is no cars in the parkin lot
Morning Angel.
true friends don't leave
What are the #DCFoodTrucks at Franklin Square today? I got a posse of about 10-15 people that want to experience the scene.
I love that my dad is frustrated his whole Netflix "things you might like" is full of Thomas the Train.
I feel like you're lying to me :(
hate you
lol I legit laughed out loud
will do! maybe next week will work. :)
There's always love to show Muahz sista
'Everybody should get out their checkbooks. Oh, that's where this ends!'
blonde girl problems
Make sure to join my fanbridge list if you haven't already. I just sent my members a free song that isn't available anywhere else.
Used some carrot juice pulp for making raw crackers: pulp, chia seeds, sea salt and cayenne pepper. Really yummy and super easy!
Hey Skip Clueless, anything to say about Mr. Tebow now?
omfg u r so hot n im comin to Jersey to meet u so plzzz be there lol <3ily
5 min after takeoff in Columbus little girl across the aisle says "mommy is that the ocean?"
#theawkwardmomentwhen you try to pull a ninja attack on someone and they turn around.
Students: Firms are looking for summer interns and they are starting now. Polish up those resumés! Go get 'em!
Slow morning..... Good Morning Everyone! U all have a Blessed Day! :o)
I was brave today !
Shout out to
Famous people that we all hate now, will be 10x as more famous when their dead -_-
Great to see and last night So great to meet so many new people!
My stupid body was sick and hurting all day until magically at almost midnight I could probably run miles and drink more jamo on the rocks!
*my girlfriend's *10Ib;) RT“: The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds.”
We love our city!
South Beach Wine and Food Festival kicks off Today!!!
You won't be in any danger, I promise! ;) I can send you the news video so you have an idea of what we do if you like?
Lucky me is spending NYC hurricane with my Arizona cousins Jill and Jim. Life continues to unfold with a most delightful rainbow of options!
Being a Woman of God in today's world can be challenging. I hope that by sharing my life with u, I can encourage u in ur walk with Christ!
Thank you Jacob!
My neck will need a 2nd massage tomorrow per massage lady.
off to campus to see a prof for office hours. This will take forever!!
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a tiering system to use with their students.
It's humbling yet also a privilege to share The Gospel of Jesus Christ on such a Grand Scale! HIS Will will continue to be done!
WATER WARS BEGIN!!
Q for 2012: What or who am I in service to?
#whoeverimarryis the person I can trust the most
As long as you know where they are. It's like trying to keep track of a starburst.
Wwaaayyy too many Bulls fans in our section at the BC. , show um' what we are made of!
Time for #KUWTK!
Happy New Year to your & yours. San Diego is lucky to have you! Cheers.
“: the new website looks awesome!” thanks, Ashley!
If you haven't already Follow us on Twitter. NekkidTees
Saw a crummy sitcom on NBC steal a friends joke tonight & use it in the show word for word. Joke theft is a disgusting crime!
What happened to Kristy Swanson? We need more of her.
lately, I wish I had Red Wings games to distract me from all these brutal Tigers losses.
5 minutes to West Coast Episode 6...here we go!
Aint never wanted to be like nobody else, got my own #swag, people want to be like me, lol
i deactivated my page for a while
is doing some very innovative work www.treehousecommunities.com
I think you followed me for all three reason :D lol jk
Bored any suggestions for rest Of eve/night?
Too lunch
#20FollowersILove ( I luv him the most)
Definitely - increase the take-away ability. "What can you do tomorrow" instead of "What could we possibly do"
My math teacher asked what math class I was in as I was walking out if her class
Yes yes yes! My mum has just said she is a bieleber and will go to a concert with me YES MUM!
Motivate, encourage and engage others with sincerity and kindness and you will have plenty of people to walk your mission with you.
I'll never get used to the emails from customers about a pet passing away-breaks our hearts but won't stop us from being close to customers!
Sounds amazing! We look forward to seeing you!
I like to keep my options open. :) I like where I'm at but the pay could be better and cost of living isn't cheap. Always looking
Here! Text me tonight. I'm hardly on here.
Fluffy curls and Pat O'Brien's hat... Lovely mix for jammin' to an 80s cover band!
So happy to read your tweet. Looking forward to S5. Woehoe <3
A GREAT show will be done in all three counties of South Florida before the end of the summer. Bands will be selected soon.
The Books That Taught Us About Sex
Thanks for the #FF mention! Happy Friday!!
sup?LIFESIZE MIRROR climbed from 44-26 on BILLBOARD JAZZ CHARTS!!!!!
oh, and thanks for reading!
For Some Reason , I HATE Talkinng To My Step Mom , It Makes Me Wannaa Cry .
love you!<3
how so?
I stunk up the office with kimchi today and I know there is a special fermented corner in hell for me.
If HBOs 24/7 with the Flyers showed me anything, it's that Claude Giroux is a pompous asshole. This series has solidified it.
I'm thinking this sugar coma is worse than any hangover
Sore. Could be from yoga, sleepiness, hunching over a cutting board, or all three.
akjshflksdajfh :'D we should see if he remembers(;
Grown men turning bitch, I see the girl in em.
RT Oh how I would love to be at the Grand Lux Cafe in the city sipping a mimosa >> Come sip a mimosa wit ur Auntie!
No, but we made blood orange ol' fashions ! Anything with is delicious. For the love of local alcohol!
I used to didn't like then I started to think about how blessed and favored she is. I had no choice but to say. GO GIRL!
I don't want to work I want to sleep
FREE Office Desks x 3 units left (April 22)
Schultz: Groupon's accounting not why I left board - Crain's Chicago Business (Crain's) — Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says he left Group
No HE IS MINE AND JUSTIN's ;P
Tonight was beyondd great . (:
#NYC - I'm checked in w/a New York state of mind along w/8 Million others
Sky lounge
Watching Law & Order:SVU on USA network till 9pm when I can see on #celebapprentice. Its gonna be a long 3 hrs.
And a powerplay goal scored by the GC rams to get an early 1-0 lead
thanks so much!
any hookup for a little meet n greet with before the show?
In the process of watching this stupid as music. This is not whats up
I was just there in and out. Be back soon and would love to meet u!!
Okay, Arkansas football players need to STOP getting arrested. It's getting a bit ridiculous. :/
that was a rufus wainright lyric you ass, but I have to admit your tweet cracked me up this morning. I've gotta come up there now.
This weekend Seven Stories Press will be at the NYC ANARCHIST BOOK FAIR, Apr 13-14 - stop by and visit!
Might chill with mt husband tonight :)
More Spoken Word, Hiphop, Reggae, Pop, and Soul Videos added tomorrow on IVCTV.NET
Thanks man, let's grab coffee and/or Shiner next time I'm in Austin
I teach students how to follow by telling them to text "follow name" to 40404. If they have a signature it wont work
I will most likely sign up for the next session. Thanks for the link!!
gimme a date and time RT : lets go!
Republicans are upset that Obama's gay marriage views have evolved. They'd rather had heard him say that they were created 5000 years ago.
This day will always be of remembrance ....
Thank you for the #FF shout out! You are inspiring as well!
2 football mrkt stories to follow - how leverages their new NCAA deal & what brands linked w/ Manning due if he is out FTY
I read that more as just making your supervisor aware that you are on a professional site. A school's way of CYA
My tumblr is so ugly #TeamDONTFOLLOW o.o
Max, it's raining and I'm so ready to give Über a try... Can I get a ride at 325 N Jefferson? Bar full of people who need 1 :)
I'm so glad! It's got to be a relief!
hahaha of course!! :) Only if you teach me portuguese! :)
hey love
nuanced because there is a certain amount that it relates to strategy and customer intake, esp related to conflict checks (2/2)
It's the last Friday of 2011. Here's wishing you a Happy New Year in 2012!
Yall ready for this new avi? If yes follow me and reply SupaHot and I got you on a followback asap x 10.
I got the Up All Night tour DVD today now all I need is tickets to see the real thing. hook me up.
Plugging in for a late night work sesh. Massive week ahead.
i answered your dm my friend
Thanks for the FF mention! We look forward to seeing you and the Cisco team in Boston for The Cable Show!
“: Wrestling > basketball apparently" oh god
SALMON FISHING WITH THE YES MEN
Thanks so much!!!
#SaySomething #asdfghjklAustin it was awesome i was
Like do you have a serial num. On your foot cause thats how fake you are,lmao
Ugh yeah I had trouble sleeping. I was seeing orange all night. Idk about fired, not like a tons of coaches out there.
it sure is a hot summer in atlanta, enjoyin a nice ice cold mountain dew
Just joined. Great idea!
the boyfriend song is amazing i love you xx
give us a shout out!! We are in the storm listening to yalls moe foe sho!!! Jeannie and Chad Crader
Yeah! ": Wow!! I see that as pretty freaky cool since you both followed me really close in time"
I forgot you! Happy Easter, see you next weekend!
I earned the Exercise King badge on Lose It!
HAHAHAHAHA at asian swag queers trying to look like wiz khalifa. It's fucking corny enough when basic black guys do it
A trip well made. Love your pics...
In 1996, I saw on a talk show & thought " She's 9 like me. I can be an actress" & then I didn't.
4 Booking, "Any Party"(Hip-Hop, Pop, Reggae, RnB)... Contact Me Direct No 2nd Hand Party
lol cause you're not in London?
Hope your school year is going smoothly Patrick!!
New Profile Pic. ^.^
Over 500 merchant's in our first year, we must be doing something right! Ask for references, we have them!
*In my Rev. Adenoids voice* Good mo'nin', everybodaaay.
Bring the whole family to this December for Holiday Pops - tickets are on sale today: www.bostonpops.org
since when do u watch basketball...
.408 OBP - .504 SLG - .912 OPS. Yea, probably a good idea not to play GIO everyday. For me, there is no reason to sit him.
Ah, thanks. Awesome recognition w/ Hall of Fame. Congrats back to you!
Ops I forgot to wish Janet Jackson a happy birthday. Oh wait what...ooohhh the ambien's kicking in..?! what am I saying
#iDream of becoming the next upcoming artist from Cleveland.
ha! Very funny. All the more inspiration for me to get this leg healed!
HappyPresidentsDay! Strolling around downtown? Stop in & pick out what you're going to get with your big discount tomorrow!
Come sign up for the open mic. Erin's here. Our phone's working again!
Wondering wat happen to #Oomf O.o
3! His. Hers. N the #Truth. RT : But always remember there's two sided to every story folks
of course, anytime!
I've got to be the least balanced, clumsiest person I know. Fell up the gosh darn stairs. 😞👎🍆<-- still not sure why there is an eggplant.
Take a chance, while you have the choice
Americans are smarter, less racist, than Republicans give them credit and the 2012 election will prove it.
#QuoteoftheDay: "You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take." Wayne Gretzky
"Discussion is an exchange of knowledge; argument an exchange of ignorance." --Robert Quillen
You know, when I think of MEM, I can see India, circuses, California homeless families, Seattle street kids, twins, & proms.
it's a great name! Thanks for watching and following!
What I got in a forward :o
Hey Gary what's the deal with the Howard Stern show and Jazz musicians. Why none? we need all the support from the stern show!
You a Bitch Nigga , && I DON'T f.ck w/ em
Secret Service is investigating how Fox News twitter account was hacked. More at 5:30 on
But seriously...where in the hell is my baseball
She's making jewelry now. She's got her life on track.
I just want to talk on the phone with someone. I'm bored.
hit u back but it aint go thru for some reason
Almost at school... TGIF! !
It's a gorgeous day here in Valencia CA!!! I seriously have the best job ever!!
nah im fine all year around
3FingerZen, Paradigm-Shift of basketball skills, unique integration and unified training of all techniques! Please RT, thanks!
PICK UP THE LID YOU KNOW I'M SHITTING
Busy cleaning things in the house.
I know RTs don't = endorsements, but I appreciate them anyway!
Inbox running over with free strap contest entries today. Love it! Bring 'em on!
: Catching up on yesterday's paper after a biz trip. How come Biz Travel section only has images of men!!!!!
Sam Day (local artist) suggests we put the precinct in the middle of where all the tailgating happens
i am awash in antibacterial hand soap. used to be against it but then i got pink eye from someone or something here at work. ugh.
Watching Supernatural :)
There *IS* one on May 23rd. But without Ron.
lOvE u PLEASE FOLLOW BACK PRETTY PLZZZZZZZZZ
Jordan Hill is performing better than Pau Gasol in the Denver series.
Totally agreed. My new project is about pop/rock music in Taiwan, with a focus on Japanese colonialism & US military as influences.
Dazed and Confused.
"Your Culture Is Your Brand." -Tony Hsieh
"281-330-8004 that's my cell phone number hit me up on the low!"
Ready to play ball! #16!!
Who's in charge today? You have a choice to ASK for your UNLIMITED SELF to run the show, or act from your limited self. Who will you choose?
Dang #oomf is so special..and I know he doesn't even fully know why
I was in the drive-thru, but I could hear it in the tone of her voice: "Are you _sure_ that's what you want?" Kinda funny.
Who likes $40 Sour Bubble and $20 Bubble Hash? 'Cos Tea Pot Lounge has them. Go and check it out!
We played God and look what we brought forth
Sergio Marchionne is one the best CEO's of major firms (Chrysler and Fiat) anywhere. He is involved and engaged
I subscribe to many email lists, but mostly so I can search for specific topic across them on my Gmail. :-D
Happy National EITC Awareness Day!
just got a spounge bath from some nice neighbors.
yes, we have seating in our main dining room as well. The content can be PG-rated at times though.
you can rent and stream on NOW click "Add to Queue" than watch now and you'll be streaming!
restaurant menu aggregator www.Menuism.com donates $1 to Greater Chicago Food Depository for each new Facebook fan earned b4 Apr 25
Ohh foshoee' ama shoot through (: where you gonna do it ?
U R not like arabs ? How ? Hahaha we all human girl... And if we talk about the best..U know who buy oil from us and....hahahaha
Dude, I don't know how you do it! But you are getting better all the time!! More movies!! Kick more a$$. Have a great 4th.
sent an e-mail
Employed in facilities in which hexavalent chromium may be present? Take our #onlinesafety Hexavalent Chromium course!
I like you but not like that
thanks for the loving , champ!
Bynum got 17 in the first quarter
Echoed from Votifi HQ via : Thinking about reinventing politics with my echoed friends from the north
RT : Wanted: PHP/Drupal developers, NBA Jam skills preferred.
when I need to believe again it's whitman, mayakovsky, pessoa
Kim McKeown Frisbee just told me something at work that LITERALLY made my eye twitch! She stressed me out in a split second! KIM!!!!
Really is, check it out!
now that I can eat real food again I don't want it cause I haven't had it in so long bahah
haha well they are in the west...yeah I guess I just meant all west coast teams but named some easternish ones. Fail
RT Not gonna lie, getting pretty excited to attend #Milwaukee99 Thursday for the first time, with
As good as Peyton's was finishing as a Colt 2 seasons ago. And he will go into the HOF as a Colt; no other conceivable scenario.
Another day, another Warhol manicure.
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!
Spelt hummus wrong on that last tweet...#English class for the win!
What's your fav breakfast item on sunday?
I appreciate the struggle and the road I'm traveling, sometimes its hard but I keep pushing. Through it all I give God thanks
I have an old nokia, please stop your complaining.
It's ok, we've got you covered... RT : my burrito-wrapping skills have really fallen by the wayside.
Enough said!!
Setting up Twitter and Myspace accounts for the Atlanta Libertarian party
B-Word.
We saw in Whitney Houston our own beauty, radiance and joy. It is in us all, always shining, singing and smiling Thank you Whitney.
the game starts at 7pm pacific. Go Timbers!
: I'm making BBQ Chicken with my own rub & sauce tonight.
Join #NYCArcUser Group for April 18th meeting. Presentation: Creating Accessible Maps for a Color Vision Impaired Audience by Gretchen Culp.
Thanks for the vote! Always looking to provide a great cup of coffee to you!
Awww. :) Well tell him thank you so much!
I'm robbing a bank & running away.
I could be very mean sometimes .
500 bucks at the vet! Fu+@!
Funny stuff.. You are famous, JStu.
do you have a favorite news reading app for osx? I love for iPad but can't seem to love anything on a nontouchscreen
Tip-Just got a flyer from Vistaprint.com You can get small quantities of business cards and letterhead for free - new bus owners go look
It ain't hard to tell - Nas...
is the exact reason that you go my vote.....Jobs Jobs Jobs....That is what Florida Needs.
Glad me and my mom are both obsessed with pralines and cream from Baskin Robbins...it's so easy to convince her to go 🍦
With both the movie and an ep of the show, the event would be really long with Dr Horrible. I think there may be a pre-event
Special rates on rooms with two full size beds all weekend. Take a break from driving in the rain.
These drunk fucks had me worried sick, but I'm glad to no they are better then they were 8 hours ago.
not yet
I've had a lot of "somebody that I used to know" moments in the last week. :/
Wat o do when your bored
pretty good =] been so busy lol I got my phone back btw if you wanna text me
Foie gras Kafka Hashtag. Hey mom! : Our parents must think we all sound like idiots on Twitter
Shout Out to my Twitter Peps hope your all having a wicked awesome day! #LovinLife Rock On!
Forgive, Protect, Guide..... Positivity, Progress, Balance.
Are you giving away your story by tweeting while reporting? YES! It's liberating, says
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Deputy U.S. Marshal Derek Hotsinpiller as they lay a hero to rest.
Its about time snow!!! Took yah long enough! :)
My back was feeling so good I decided to try some yoga. Shouldnta done that... Tee hee
are you in any fantasy baseball leagues? If so are there any openings?
I live love love that movir
you have anything for trade?
Through the thick and then thin i've always been here, wish you could say the same
morning #cardiobarre, then off to #shrekthemusical! :)
The bad part about shopping at Bayshore is you're pretty much guaranteed to almost get hit at least 2 times when trying to cross the streets
Please, don't even get smart with me.
It wasn't pretty, but an NCAA tournament win is an NCAA tournament win, and its my alma mater San Diego State's first! Bring on Temple!!!
Good Morning :)
In need of some changes. Feel the need to make a move.... But where to go!?!?! ;)
I love my daddys so much I came home today and he had a new computer for me yay
Definitely more montreal fans tonight
AWESOME RT RebelCapitalist | Preparing a presentation on entity options (c-corp, LLC, L3C) for a worker cooperative.
Enjoyed presenting with Caitlin McCabe of Sway to the Milwaukee Jewish Federation. 2X in one week. Truly impressed with Sway and its people.
My students want Amber Shah as a guest speaker. Pls contact me at
Grazie Piccolina! RT Congratulations and the biggest Auguri to Carina for getting the job-so proud of you bella!
what Is fun as all get out?? Hm
Do it.
We all have our own way of coping..... whats the first thing you do when your become single?
Looking forward to spinning nothing but the best songs at J.O.'s party tonight!
I just met a Mark and Christina. Oh the irony
I get to see my bby cheyenne❤
Yep!..thanks for following [:
I'm crushing this cabana!
I feel you girl ! RT big time hater of the library
Culture's surely chgd for better when Fox scare-quotes "pro- #marriage" re: anti-
Fuck A-rod take a pitch or two shit
in solidarity at the #justice4trayvon gathering in #Louisville:
It's a beautiful day. Get outside!
Hey! Happy Thursday. :) Random ? - can tell me what your post author plugin is at end of Social Fresh blog? I like it!
He lied to you, girl. you weren't even worth the truth.
But then again I'm happy everyday
go and get some CGFIA dude
your welcome Jen; check your direct messages here :)
NAB Day 3 is underway.. TriCaster 8000 is DOMINATING the show floor!
its ok, my blackberry is still working
Don't do it! RT : I was about to text him.. then I realized what happened smh
You still have time! Video submissions last until March. Sooner the better though ; ) please consider! And tell friends.
RT : As Bugsy Seigal once said. "Everything is for sale".
"And I Love Her" was the 1st Beatles recording using purely acoustic instruments & is the 2nd most covered Beatles song with 372 versions
Why should you be hahaha
Yea lol i usually get em but not this one im puzzled :/ RT : RT Wtf is oomf??? -- are you serious? Lol
I am great! Make sure to send me a note if you find yourself in Seattle!
Kinda aggravated right about now
#oomf is so cute to me , ahh
Firefox's little freeze-ups several times a day are getting old fast. Time for Chrome?
yum o
Back in Gainesville. Thanks so much to all for a fantastic #thatcampfl! Look forward to next year. Please say hello when you're in G-ville.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it
y love you
Late September is Banned Books Week, so I'm sure some of those titles have haunted your academic career.
So I'm trying to remember how #bored I used to be when I didn't have a #smartphone to whip out at a moments notice.
Uggg... This app is really bugging tonite...
I should slap you for that
(Disclaimer: Money Bag the goat was in my fourth Huge Cache find - it took lots of picks and blue language. Glad it paid off!)
I need to meet It's a dream of mine. I have always dreamed of that day. #dreambig & #NeverSayNever right? <3 I hope.
Got to keep drivin from Raleigh to cary!!! Like wtf
oh please do, I'm really bored.
go ahead and do what you need to do. I'm probably not going to be able to make a definite plan tonight.
YES I KNEW THEY'D WIN GLEEK FOR LIFE
FWIW, that looks like a wound that would put you IN the hospital.
SICK mustache homie!
#Imagine You're almost asleep & your eyes are closed. Then you feel Harry's lips pressing yours & he whispers:''Goodnight sleeping beauty.''
. `netmask` seems limited. Pretty sure was talking about hundreds of blocks.
Travalo refillable perfume atomizers back in stock at Cream! Available in hot pink, light pink and silver, $20.
Pool party!!
when you talk about the cost of education, if you don't mention the reduction in state subsidies, you're analysis is incomplete
I've been put into list on here lately and I'm not too sure if that's a good or bad thing.
14 videos are up on YouTube
1 step at a time for this n00b .. fb is doin it for me atm
Robert Glasper Tickets on Sale NOW at Bobs Classic Kicks This Friday at Charles H Wright Museum
RT: If you're still writing 2011 on checks, try on line banking like the rest of the world.
Work on the grind until 2 then gym time and work from home tonight
More legs than a bucket of chicken!
Happy Birthday!
Don't be shy, express your feelings & share your ideas. Change is upon you, & the end result can be favorable if you make adjustments
when comes on. voila'.. all better.
This week in Cult Films we review one of the 90s' best gems--True Romance starring Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette!
BofA sent counteroffer that listing broker didn't see-now electronic file is closed. How can buyer and I get this back on table?
Ok blood:-) we out here
Ordered Papa Johns pizza online. Made our name I.C Wiener. YAY :)
No :( I wish, i'll be home in about a week!
": .Remember me? I once meant everything to you." Aint this the truth
I won't skip, just DVR it!“: RT Not gonna lie. I might skip work tomorrow to watch #TODAYat60.”
Most people find that really annoying.
Front Desk Tues. Nite: Last visitors were from Italy, on their last day in Alaska. They were delighted to learn about Felice Pedroni:...
Whoa...Dick Clark was still alive?
The life of a gnome is a simple one...
Heading to Dallas for another day off. Gonna visit with my good friends at Category 5 amps and , and hopefully dodge tornadoes.
Are you able to load that engadget post? It just redirects to their homepage here.
Open up your arms, and feel the good/it's a comin', a brand new day. RIP Levon.
in the US none of us have a real choice. No paid maternity leave, v difficult to be a 2 career couple & v difficult on 1 income
$DNAD now would be a good time to get in...
Happy Birthday!
Let's get some shoes ... Let's party
yaa thats true, but i mean right now i can still swim and stuff and its fine but if it blows out then i have no idea....
OH: "Dildo! That's the word I was looking for!"
Follow for deets on tonight's investigation in Loveland for and !
without finley i mean.
RETWEET if Austin means the world to you.
Anyone up for creating some fun short tv "SPOTS"? Going into the studio today to create Bumps and Intros. more info 4 "followers" manana!
Hey, , I stole your roommate for the weekend. I think I'm going to keep her. #SorryI'mNotSorry
45 minutes & 2 backtracks later, we're at the park. Kids are unproductive. But all is forgiven, it is SO NICE outside!
Over 600?? That's nuts! How many copies do you have?
Wondering why the webinar I'm listening to is being held underwater...
Frank delivered such a beautiful speech to Denise. Loved "when lives are on the line love needs to be at its strongest" part
#Roseville hockey coach resigns during district investigation.
i appreciate dat love and support ma!!!!!!! 1hunnit
#69 ur so nice! i love ur icon too(:
Who likes my new AVI?
I swear, if I win the lottery or something I am bringing you and my best friend with me for the a whole tour! :D
I still want him but then again I don't
tryna get him i need help!!!!
In what universe is 5'8" at 129 lbs considered 'overweight'? Good on the jury for being sane.
Are you 11?
Another GE location completed a Health Ahead Awareness luncheon. Lunch provided by Epicurean Lite. Is your company interested?
Tried that. Still dims.
Feel the high that you get from the life.... If you feel it raise your L in the sky...
Huh. That's great info Marty. Thanks.
Thanks to for following us! Stay tuned for lastest happenings at LFS of Virginia!
u need to follow my dude
My ? re #pulitzer: if the judges did not like the 3 fiction finalists, they could not ask to see a few more? That wasn't worth their time?
Just saw a vid of blazing at Bohemian. >your stupid man,lol
127 row 8 come on over
We're not contingent! (But life is: taking me another direction, away from #mla12) I'll write my Scots epic book during breaks. Publishers?
u now have a new follower =]
Help reach 1500 followers this week! They are a FABULOUS Tri and running store in NYC :)
blame the loss on Harrison barnes. High lottery player.
I'm in slow motion mode at work
Smart, take oversized freak athlete and put outside when getting killed inside RT : LeBron starts 2nd half at PG on offense
At least my great grandads okay
I won't lie. I love robot chicken
Haha! Is this a Twilight reference?? RT : That moment when you feel like Jake instead of Edward
I went off the twitter apps for the iPhone as native client was pretty good, but might have to go back.
night babygirl. i love you too :D
Be working my Ass off today .
I hope I don't have to acknowledge a higher power.
i got a flight at 935 on friday :-(
Checkout DinysJewelery on Facebook!
Good luck to everyone in the #SoleOfTheCity10k #RunBaltimore Call us if you need us!
my phone died -_-
meet us at the angostura bar! We have a behind the bar ticket for you
Just started following about 100 followers, sorry it took me so long, but I look forward to hearing what you have to say!
Iono what it is but the kids so me what I'm destine 2 b... lime light n studio sessions 100,0000 sold in a week let get it
😱 at your pic.
There's no more beer so I won't drink any more brandy... There are more flower petals to sweep up. I might have tea...
Bye bye twitter :((
I agree - I often tell others no response or saying nothing is the best reponse.
Why is it that when bad things happen to innocent people under 30, it only makes the news if they are white and physically attractive?
Everything tweets about is food, and it looks soo good!
As I said, TRYING not to be jealous :) Hope you have a wonderful rest of the week, too.
Bill nye the science guy! Hell yeah
“: Harrison Barnes... Y U NO PUT TAR HEELS ON SHOULDERS???”
Riddim, full of culture y'all! Big tings
I lol'd
woke up sunday so proud that i didn't take any pictures the night before....but turns out that was false.
Blood is badly needed at hospitals in Temple, TX for the wounded from Ft. Hood. If you have friends in Central TX, encourage them to give!
RT : Here's your real Masters headline winner: "Tiger Teases; Rory Wheezes; Schwartzel?...Jesus." (via )
Yea that would be great. I didn't have much interest before. Not b/c it wasn't interesting, just had my focus elsewhere.
trying 2expand on our BOOM (brain owners operating manual) project from last year- and also to assess progress/kid much work 2 do
Trustees are asking me what #dayofdh is all about. Does somebody have a Prezi?
"The genius of man is hidden in the silent, settled state of mind from where every thought emerges." Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Delayed at airport on way to Vegas half these ppl look familiar, #ASA2011 sociologists-r-us
My doctor-----> RT : Johns Chiropractic & Rehabilitation has gift certificates available!
M.... We have Warm, Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies Fresh out of the Oven. Come Get'em while they're Hot!
Where you getting your #TacoTuesday on? Stop by a #bartab venue and grab a $1 drink to wash it down!
Routing/Rooting #Tricky or should we blame this on auto-correct?
Happy Mommy's Day!(:<3
“Peering into the future is daunting. It's colored significantly by mystery & it requires of us, hope.” -Fr. Pilarz
Feeling better today. Get'er done!
All things #Titanic, Follow for real time tweets of Titanic timeline
What ever happened to the never miss a super bowl club? Those guys kinda disappeared. Kinda like an 8 ball at Whitney Houston's house.
Obligatory post about the relative warmth and lack of snow in Indiana etc.
My one and only tweet about women's basketball ever: From what I'm gathering, Griner will not be suspended. Good move, powers that be.
YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ-RIDE WITH ME
You having fun at the beach
I can take you places you ain't never been before..
mari-a-thon!
let's just hope I don't throw the iPad across the room
Pull-apart monkey bread. It's...magical. I'd share a photo, but it's gone.
NetSmartz Internet Safety program at libraries = for us. NetSmartz required prior to Internet computer use for all under 17 = against us.
If any #cville folks are in DC, former locals are playing an "unplugged" set at the Smithsonian Museum tonight!
THANK YOU
Okay Then I Say Do It ...There Are A Lot Of New Businesses That Need Those Options From A New Direction =]
can see u
I wouldn't go that far. But at least they speak some kind of English.
Enjoy cider and candy from office Halloween partay.
lol....i think im tweeting you
I did, thank you. I am going to try and use it tomorrow for my creative minds class. I'll let you know how it goes. Thanks
CHOOSE TO SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL SMALL BUSINESSES!!!!!
Just missed the express bus. Now it's going to take me twice as long to get home.
Attention All-It's only acceptable to voice the "S" in "Illinois" when singing "Hail to the Orange." Other instances wont be tolerated.
Thanks! Sounds awesome...definitely need to check that out.
I have a drive time tonight:(
September in #SanDiego=Heavenly! Happy Labor Day weekend everyone...stay safe and wear sunscreen!!
are we talking creepy old guy trying to start an Odin chant or Chris Holmes chugging vodka in a pool next to his mom?
peace out twitter!!!:]
If you need 100 FB votes for contests. I can do it for you. only $99 Lemme know. Or 1000 FB likes $99
How do I unfriend the Philly airport?
We're adding some of our solo music to our artist page and reverbnation page... but we're are in the studio recording something...
Did u know all 200 co's will receive your logline/contact info as an attendee of the Hollywood Pitch Festival?! Xtra exposure!!
For those of us who work in the film industry, getting a job is both good news & bad news, because suddenly, there's never enough time.
Where are you going for New Year's eve?
Yeah, not having to pull my hair out from underneath a collar getting dressed feels so strange!
I don't think I'll pay for a haircut for awhile. I think I can do it myself. A sculpture degree has to come in handy somehow, right?
wow lucky.
Seeing The Avengers at noon at Cinerama with and probably others. Do join us!
"I could dress up. I would be a prostitute. They rent rooms by the hour. Just give me $35."
getting ready to speak at
no do u kno me
Comparison of and social media. Look at agency needs and mission. One size does not fit all.
Dang @ Lightsquared. Another one bites the dust. *sigh*
People. When u follow me that is nice. But I will not follow back if u have not even sent a tweet out. Wtf? ? Open an account?
congratulations! what an adorable baby!
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
thanks man! And yea I know I get to fly and do what I want! I'm living my dream!
crippled, and still bowled a 130... not bad
I cant really say I know much about Montreal beyond Davy, wonder if he will take his new team to Oklahoma Joe's or Quick's?
Growly band tonight w/ roo and slothclaw @ winning coffee.7pm free/donations
"Every town needs as many Boo Radleys as it can get."
The apostophe-like symbol in Hawaiian words (like Hawai'i) is called an 'OKINA.
Helping our buddies in record some gang vocals on their new record. Check em out!
Headed to see my lil cousin graduate!!! Yay! The fam is so proud of him!
I'm tired of feelin my heart sometimes i just want to scrape it out
Let's go Spurs.
sure but I love MySQL good to see them open more of their code. Some of their problems are due to other layers in the stack
Hey, cool!
Yeah, not real sure what Michalek was doing there.
i cant wait to watch the reuion of bbw this sunday and monday dont miss it
Who paid off the refs in the Suns game?
how many followers have you gotten since this receipt started going viral?
feeling blessed
yes they can be!
pork tenderlion is my favorite. You MUST get Hormel teriyaki flavor-- its the only thing I can cook. True story.
Charge calls have been terrible!!
Smh! 😝😖😭RT : we be doing this again in 2 weeks at
perfect timing! wwe make course selections in two weeks
All i did was wave at John Kerry. Honestly.
Oh, nice.
I always loved little House on the Prairie. Manly and Laura. Ah.
Montego Bay, Jamaica
Omg, I wish I was brave enough to tell it like you think...
good night i am going to bed i am sleeping bro
idk it makes me BARF
look at my site www.thelime.biz we need a travel agent!
Horray! My first Tweet
It's Friday!
All night happy hour today - stop in for some cheap eats, even cheaper drinks & look back on our unexpectedly amazing season!
yeah last year.
Don't RT or reply to this because your next tweet will be your 5,000th. Make it special :)
Thank-You, i was hoping i would get him ;-) <AB
Panda Bear is kicking off 5 great days of music tonight in PDX.
Fool me once, shame on you; Fool me twice, shame on me.
Ur Blowin Up The Twitter World Right Now Ma Dude!! When U Comin Upstate??
If you have no luck I have season tickets give me a shout
that's true. This is a good little battle going tonight though!
word on the street is ur coming to LV for magic.....true?
is pooped. I just gave an hour lecture highlighting anthro theories including: neoliberalism, hegemony, pol. economy and structure/agency.
Sometimes you show no interest, and sometimes you show too much interest, make up your fucking mind, will you?
Whenever I see pictures of the concerts i went to online i feel good when i say ' I was there' c:
This weather is seriously ridiculous!! 1st snow,60 degree weather,rain.It was jus snowing, now rain & sunny...all in 1 week.
Go back for another diet coke and maybe they will score again.
haha. Well.... also parents just dump their kids off and they run around screaming
Making Quite A Good Recovery. Thank God!
The #pgatour reminds us of why we do #SanDiego #realestate !! How beautiful is our city?
early night catching up on email :-( have to feel me in on all the details tomorrow!
could you follow me ? : D
it's cool, Our ancestors made mistakes, we do too. I'd focus on Mitt's bigotry rather than his faux-latino heritage.
think of how awesome that would be "you might want to have your employees sign this Tim, your a bit abusive with your words"
Got stood up from #Oomf Again smh...
Enough is on!
Thanks! Hopefully we'll be back soon.
and make excuses (oh, I must not be the right type!).
Watching 'How To Train A Dragon" w/ my little man. I love him ♥
Thanks to Scott L. for liking us today!
I know the feeling.
Good luck!!
let me know when ur logged on
Rushers Live For The Rush (Suspiroooo)
What a gr8 offer!
Ty made it through it. With shaving cream on the counter and some music to drown out the sound of the scissors rubbed his head to
Great solo tonight!
I am extremely bored....
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy. Her heart.
ill after tonight..
hahaha. Just let me know.
I'm at Jacks and Joe with Laura and Molly! We miss u Lisa! It's so crowded with crazy Trojans!
See a movie recently? Shoot us a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
People who unfollow suck
Grapefruit juice the best though
flirting with a senior. I think. Maybe?
sweet man can't wait to hear it! I miss hardball, best show in ATL in the 12 years I've been here.
I need beer... stat!
If you can't drive by a car wreck without rubbernecking #ff ...this is why twitter was created.
Back in time for LB Opera: Martinu's Tears of a Knife & Poulenc's Breasts of Tiresias
Shame on you Mr. Gibbon & Nat Geo- "Eating With Cannibals" is another ex. of a poor Western depiction of a non-Western society.
All pussy aint good pussy
Happy Holiday Weekend!
And u Text me First
Honestly, is this real life? you should have kept my number for the future ;) xx
RT VCU! Looking for another deep NCAA run! Go Rams!
Giants signed Shaun Rogers, Bet he's happy he won't have to go through Cleveland's Airport security again
good game. And good luck with the flyers
just read your blog Great stuff I hope you continue to add
HEALTHY SNACKS: • walnuts • cashews • figs • apples • bananas • dates • almonds
Today couldn't get any better!:) Such an amazing day with an amazing girl!<3 Just gotta finish it off with work:P
hi can you plz follow me =)
Not bad, apart from backing horses in 40 runner handicap chases to be beat by a nose. Really good apart from that.
Creating user interface designs; dynamic infrastructure to come later... Have to get the UX above par!
absolutely. I run into that prob a lot at pharmacies. Epi rep insists u request one with appropriate date too!
U needa back off w tht...he AINT MY MAN!!! lol RT oh u takin days off for your man's bday huh..
how much do you need? Just picked 4 or 5 pounds. Could have gotten 20 w more time.
Thanks, that's good to hear, all is well and i look forward to seeing you soon...
When our sexual stories go off the map: reviews editor Amy Frykholm's book 'See Me Naked':...
sorry for the loss of your friend.
What a glorious day here at Lake. Be honest, trustworthy, and use integrity in every part of your daily life. Enjoy all that life is! Smile!
Have to give credit where credit is due. Nice trade for the
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave. ~Elmer Davis
Looking for an new accountant / accounting firm to work with. Must be Quickbooks experts. Recommendations?
Oh, so when I don't go to the O's game Ed Reed decides to hit BP and catch balls in the outfield.
Anything new in the Orlando scene right now music,art,clubs
Don, thanks so much for helping me spread celebrity pessimism. Now "maven," that's okay! :)
well complain away devwon (:
StaffingMarketplace.com and Staffing Industry Analyst has teamed up to use our directory exclusively beginning August 1!
Shit shouldnt b so funny.. But buddy did it in broad daylight right n front my bus.. seen buddy ride off on the bike cheesin 2 hard
That's part of the problem: they're turning it into a "singles" market. What about the days when people WANTED to album cuts?
its channel 2 u should get it
Perfection is
That's true! Lol ✌
shhhh the irs will hear you. Oh and thanks for the generous tip.
Look 4ward 2 cing everyone tomorow @ #Atlanta Board #Realtors #Expo - yellow bags & door prizes - Booth 421! Follow 4 info!
Stay up for 5 hours or sleep for 5 hours..
Is there a way that I can get back those 3 hours of my life I wasted watching the game last night and get them via a nap?
And more Music Videos featuring the artist known as YungFr3sh of Ahom Productions.
sad...i just went home
What's going on?
Why you askin all them questions
the mustache always gets more attention than me!!!
Finally finished my homework after about 40 minutes so now I'm free yayyyy :)
Wow. I need to see The Avengers again.
Ellen is on!!! Bring out Justin Bieber!!!
You hella sexy
. yeah, i think so too
yep girl it will!
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love; the more they give, the more they possess. - Rainer Maria Rilke
Your girl pass her test.....<3
Hey DK the Fall Floor Feedback survey comes out today! Check your email and let us know how we are doing!
Kokomo Friends - have you seen Hailey??! She disappeared on Sunday from her new home. Please help - repost to area friends!...
Alright #Brewers you're way over due for a win!
sounds like something out of Kafka.
LeBron outworking ppl as usual. Can we get him to a shrink, though, please! Post game and a psyche get fixed, he be GOAT
i am a huge fan! your voice is truly amazing! :D can i get a retweet? :))
ha. Only thing that could make me smile after this loss.
the only way 2 have friends is 2 be 1
I killed a snake the other day. I almost killed a crow today. Got in the way of my driving. Thought it was ganna get that road kill.
When guys where beanies.
told you it was great :D
I see you are using the term "thought piece" liberally. Nothing here that we haven't seen 1M times before, yet libraries persist.
Do people actually dance on the beach? Or is it just a sitcom myth.
Waiting to board flight to Austin for #sxsw. Tons of people typing away on their mac laptops. My kind of crowd.
stompin in my air force ones.
i keep asking the same question
are you still in NYC?
you heading somewhere else? Headed to romneys but prob won't be there for 5 minutes
OMG Paul Gulsvig just wished me a happy birthday on facebook #daymadeforsure! :))))
These hrs are killing me!
its okay!
Good fight
Cool. I'll check out as well. Thanks.
Good morning!!!! Let's make today productive!!!!
I haate waking up in the middle of the night . My house looks scary .
People say nothing's impossible, but I do nothing everyday
Wtf this girl is sleeping with her dad and she's worried hes cheating on her and she wants to have his baby. I can't.
Great Modern Love column – hilarious and heartfelt. Can't wait to check out your novels!
please could i get a follow for my birthday<3 it would mean the world to me<3333
- would love to get in touch with you to discuss ideas - email hello(at)massrelevance(dot)com
im too busy taxiing around my daughter to gymnastics!
please follow me hunter
s/o to my new follower
2 excedrine migraine & 1 coffee later and i am still yawning.
Nice day/night for a video shoot! Yall give it up for Parmalee! They've been through so much! Glad to be a part of it!!! #CMTdebut!!!!!
I think there should be some guidelines, but these will make many think, "Why bother?"
It'll be interesting to see how the Romney bullying story affects his numbers among women - particularly mothers.
Thanks for your book - seriously is changing my life!
Is Rihanna R&B?
haha cool story bro! haha. please message me back on fb
oh, I'll have to try that now that I'm an eastsider...
Does Mac OSX Skype have a way to disable growl style notifications?
Cause I could see u workin there. It would be hot!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes you've just got to wear all real people clothes and pack those dance clothes in your bag for just when you need them.
Yup I know, especially since Argentina is the #1 team in the world but we can always hope for a big upset
WHUT? RT : “: MY MILKSHAKE BRING ALL DA BOYS TO DA YARD” pause
Bears didnt need a tackle?? : With the No. 23 pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Detroit Lions select T Reilly Reiff.
#MazWhiteChinFollowMe ...u make it sexy..just saying.;) follow?:)
Attention all Fathers and Sons: Come join us at OVS on Sunday, June 6, at 9:15 AM following morning Minyan for Dads and Doughnuts. Cost $7
I have 666 followers and I am not comfortable with that number... Help a gal out! A Twitter high five is in it for you.
It's the first of the month!
this tweet goes to & for how much ilovethem<3
And purses. Buy purses RT Key to marriage : be a best friend, tell the truth and overuse "I love you" & you crazy kids will make it
If you haven't heard our new recording of "nights", you grab it off put myspace bulletin right now. Enjoy!
thank you lovely! much love to you!
I is bored
Checked in at Pro Sports Club Willows Road
I'll be tweeting for today. We're doing a livestream at 9 am w/ our neurosurgeons. Learn about deep brain stimulation.
What were you Doug to get a sprained neck/back??
The rangers are playing so good!
Art Historians: is that a stump under Christ's foot in Michelangelo's Pieta?? In Gardener's image it looks like a separate foot. Thoughts?
Huge thanks to & St. John Med Ctr for helping us with the tornado victim story. Easy to work with and super sweet too!
Watching catch, throw, and hit some balls. Oh, and run some bases.
RT : i thank God for wakin' me up ?? !
You're welcome, Austin. RT : Holy crap! Did you know Halcyon has $7 BOTTOMLESS mimosas on the weekends?!!
Swedish gummies?!?!?! *Drools out both sides of mouth.
AERA presidential session to explore the research supporting the teaching of ethnic studies curricula. <3
Bill Joy bets big on energy 's 'grand challenges '
why is it the mgmt always seems to get booed or have a cup of piss thrown during their shows? What gives?
Thanks to madonna dancer crew for our new #federator outfits... White track suits with staffs on each side...
let me know if you can use some hands-on help. My day suddenly freed up (meeting canceled). Looking for something helpful to do!
Communication is Key.
dope cover
Plus what other film has both Nicholson and De Niro? #LastTycoon?
Went to tonight. Awesome view of the city skyline now that the ugly warehouse in front was knocked down.
“Hide not your talents, they for use were made, What's a sundial in the shade?” Benjamin Franklin
Lol Donald that is funny stuff.....
Thank you so much my church family
MT : #Jeff Casteel maybe announced today as Arizona's DC! Expect two to follow!
“: I dislike blurry Twitter pics....in fact I dislike any blurry pic” seriously... Why even bother having a pic. Lol
Eating chicken noodle soup and not crackers! :D
.....hush your face!
Sammi SHUT THE FUCK UP!!! damn
Taking the stage, performers from The Polynesian Village Luau. In the area? Join us for the free show (6:30-8p).
Oh bullshit, I had that. Fuck this. Any cute girls in the stands want a clubhouse tour?
I don't lose weight from my stomach. I lose weight from my face.
Going to sleep at 7 am. 👍
Realistically is probably my favorite person in the world.
so weird.
Moving student on to the next grade without mastering basic math skills causes more harm
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Nice groove! I like your stevie wonder bass video on your profile :)
Are you serious! The Sandlot is coming on at 1 and I gotta be up at 545! :/ well looks like ima be tired tomorrow haha
UTTV, 's television venture, will launch in mid-June: UTSanDiego CEO John Lynch
Finals are here, and I was just reading some job alerts to remind me WHY I'm back in school. For a Dream Job doing Interactive Design.
You may think I'm a loser, but to my goldfish I am "THE GOD OF FLAKES."
Just found out what booty bumping is. Drug Inc. Is a fool
Pinkalicious by Victoria Kann: Eat pink cupcakes--you will turn pink!
thanks bro :)
2Chainz is nicce. Selling out shows left and right.
Dis maybe my dumb @$$ swag but the girls be Hatein like a hobo cash xD
I wish life had a reset button
Cant sleep me thinks i need something in me first
Going to Dinner with my twin sons.....
Ugh I want some mc donald
D-Fence! D-Fence! D-Fence!
Sending condolences and prayers to #Whitney Houston's fans#
Off to shoot a self produced piece w partner in crime
My jersey was on before I left the office.
Okay. I have a rehearsal tonight so I need to have some major time with my script now. See you all soon.
Michelle Rodriguez: 'Avatar 2' Will Be Underwater. www.tncnews.com
yes ma'am it sure was!(:
we may get along just fine then! Always up for a good DM too!
G'day went down but you kno ya boy GRIM gets it in all month (FLY OR DIE)
i've been watching ' my strange addiction ' video's on youtube for like an hour. these are so scary... ;oo
ive abandoned twitter cause ive abandoed my touch screen :/
hm. very well then
Killed triceps and abs today! Working on
sittin home..bored:(
She spells it with a C, bro.
haha I think she just has too many miles.
Kennedy bridge sucks today.
ditto! Hey did my mom bring you your pups? She said she was
Good Morning!!:)
Week4 of the #Wonk Photo Contest is happening NOW! Post your photo for a chance to win an iPad 2. Winner announced Fri. americanwonks.com
