It's definitely been surreal scoping the news about yesterday's events in NYC- I look understandably furious in some of the footage.
My boss congratulations success by busting a rhyme. I am going to play latest rhyme on speaker.
Being strangers, then friends, then more than friends, and being strangers again.
Just being social today! Lol
seriously tho...no clue who or y we follow u. U play in #sassc? Hope this isn't adult content related. We a family show! :-)
Got confirmation I'm on the right track... I may be a work in progress but my God is still showing me favor!
is bowling.
Fire alarm issue in Swiss Re corporate headquarters is keeping me stuck on the bus and from going to work. #monday -__-
Is it weird that I have your twitter name memorized? aha.
Accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world. Historical or contemporary Contact:
Knicks have to show they're ready to be a contender in the East with a good showing today in Boston
I look around and all I see, is your happiness embracing me.
I just twitter creeped on you and found out you've tweeted 29 times in the last 24 hours! Cool it with the caffeine bro!
This our night, the look in my armpit says we can go all the way.
I'm starting to feel more and more like an HIV testing counselor. I just gotta set up my county appt for certification.
.....excuse you
I guess I'm lucky I have so many people to defend my name. But, I'm just trying my best not to just crack.
Here we go…ahh :/
OH Wow. so u have been pretty much working day and night as of late it sounds
This is the sexiest picture you've ever posted
RT WATCH THE KONY 2012 & PASS IT ON TO EVERYONE!!
and hello :)
fuck you white
Got my nails done yay!
yup. so did brad stevens. this really sucks
What you don't want to hear from the people staying in the hotel room right below yours: "I've been drunk for three days!"
serious question, were u a heat fan prior to 2011?
Helicopter! Nobody better try flying in here!
Rain or Shine, gym time is gym time!!!!!
Singing "O Holy Night" in spring-like temperatures is a little strange.
is an outstading African-American. I will nominate him.
hey austin <3333 can u plzzzzzzzz folo me it would make my day =D
tato RT “: yo slide thru my crib when u go home cause im not at school anymore THANKS”
Okay y'all, I'm looking for someone who went to prom back in the late 80's who has a kid going this year. Time for a trip down memory lane!
Got a new scarf from Germany! :).
": I sent my ballot in supporting Bro. in his candidacy for GP. #AsstDistrictDirectorApproved"~Thank you! 06!
Long werk day ahead; this bum fluff makes me feel like I'm in the wilderness
WHERES MY DAD WHEN WE NEED HIM THE MOST!!!!!! :(
- Wish I could be there.
OSU played ineligible players for 13 football games this year, I would love about 25 min of Enes tonight!!!
Warren, remember him with us at Zanzibar and he wouldn't end til 3-330am and it was still packed waiting for Chuck Brown.
is on tomorrow from 1-2PM. We'll ask about his new TV project and anything else you want to know.
!!! : Alot of hoes still mad I'm doing better..... Its Okay, Blame God.... He chose this life for me, all I did was pray for it!
well maybe you were doing something wrong? Lol
A website is an excellent medium to expand the business and take it to a completely new height.
Chancellor Nordenberg is testifying in Harrisburgh regarding the budget right now.
Bout to get these dreads twisted and braided...so shawty show me how that neck feel and then how the rest feel...
I'm proud to be part of the top stories pack
So awesome all around! Let me connect you to who puts all this business magic together!
i already did (:
The Gooch!!! Go Sharks!
Old actions, new regrets. Funny how things change.
ADDICTED TO TRIGGA! !!!!
enjoy!! =0 and hey I love the way you sing "Dance With My Father" That's one of my favorite song =)
goodnight gabs!
That made me spit out my wine - you SO funny. Nohomo
Frolik & Morrison scored the only goals tonight. That explains everything + Leddy & Crawford humiliating themselves in OT.
Headed off for a newborn shoot with baby Iris, beautiful day for shooting!
Senate just gave preliminary OK to flush tax increase.
The number 1 reason college guys become cheerleaders sounds like "stunt", only with a slightly different spelling.
wtf is 856 ? I don't have that #
Pink v-neck in Miami > suit and tie in Santiago. See you Friday morning. Nice hat by the way.
Yes! Thanks for the RT :)
Looking for a cheap, airsoft scope, mildot, red/green illuminated, 4x32 or 3-9x32.? :) dean
#yourethereason I woke up this morning.
I think they should make dress shirts out of tech-tee material.
As you wish.
Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling.
did I miss the trivia?
Never mind. Think I misread the motivational one.
This new Twitter interface is brutal. Me no like.
Energy, invincible determination with the right motive, are the levers that move the world
always haters out there! Good game tonight....fear the young buck!!!
I Am Thankful For All The Bullshit !!!
Thank you !!
at The Shop on Main. Gonna be there a while?
Ha Perfect!
Game 7 of #WorldSeries is just minutes away! -- What is your prediction: #Rangers OR #Cardinals? And who wins the MVP? Enjoy the game!
That's cool! :D
There is an adult have a screaming contest with a baby on the #LIRR. Totally appropriate.
oh yes <333333
I'm glad she found her a friend maybe she will leave me alone! 😏
A green automotive shop? We're working on it, can't wait to share the details. . .
These people on Snapped is straight CRAY! They divorce their spouse and kill em' too! Just walk away... move on...
next year, WILL be at KCA. we just gotta believe
But they'll be coming back? I heart one in particular.
My cat no longer trusts me.
Knock ' em dead, Anthony.
Mr. President... Was that a monkey joke? because it works either way...just sayin..
Alarm clocks. Cus every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
I DM'd you, did you get it?
They gotta have something to do while Yo is on the mound, right?
Once testing is complete, I'll do SEO and then publish the site. May need a tad bit of help with SEO.
that is beautiful!
Running up the stairs in fear because you feel an evil presence behind you.
Happy Friday.
#MarcJacobs is in a sheer dress and pilgrim shoes and we're barely even shocked.
Despite All Of This BS I Want To Get Wasted This Weekend
we've had to be very intentional about program design given our student body.
When I die... my people are gonna have fun going through my texts and snail mail... lol so much gossip
elliot from blessthefall.. i saw somewhere old pics of him with like black hair lol
Good times last night with a sendoff to 's single lady status. Today I think I will rest. :)
Finished the essays, church this morning, then a midterm & yardwork. Looking forward to the on 9/7 and 9/8
all you need is a GWAR sighting...
yea all it was just poor Internet connection...
Quick stop in downtown Cincy for lunch/beer and Opening Day Parade before class.
FV@! all y'all
Picked up Jack Gilbert's Collected Poems today at Caliban. Happy to see it carried at a local bookshop.
BAHAHAH well u can be a sport by sport follower...I allow that here with
Goodmorning World!!! Be Great today...
looks like session on teaching touch isn't much different than his workshop on Monday. At least he is entertaining!
After a night of strange zombie police dreams I've given up and got up, so much for an after work sleep in.
hello to you too:)
Just got done talking geo thermal with a customer! I am a nerd
nah, did when it launched
thanks baby *kisses*
Hanging out with friends and talking about but in a good way I mean and Justin we are huge fans!!!
I Love Judge Napolitano! Thanks for the link!!
Last week of tour...ever?
OH (regarding a co-worker) that's a bottle of air. Lol
Franklin tomorrow
Okay #AMNewsers.. What's going on out there?
Your PhD thesis sounds intriguing!
any news on mays?
Yes, The Killing is fab. The unfolding each week is brilliantly done. Each week is equally compelling as the previous.
excited about trying out Phat spoon in Little Tokyo for dinner tonight ^^
lmao imagine me on that show!
yeah. Because its straight bullshit. I was hurt at first, now I'm just pissed.
You're inspiring. Your dedication & involvement in your projects are super motivating. Keep up the good work.
Listening to some1 preach. so odd we are to walk up 2 people & assume we kno what's best.
My Uncle Gary is a strange, strange man. But my god he is wise as hell. So much knowledge and shit.
then go Tigers!
“: :D MULE DAY 2012” A day to remember!!
A3 Fascinating how someone can be hired by ESPN without being met in person
Scheduled #EMC E20-918 Cloud Architect Expert exam for this Friday. Hope I have enough time to study.
Post-instruction reflection is so important and so easy to skip.
My math teacher cant say shit about how listening to music while in class wont help u because i finish my homework everyday in class so Ha!
": “Avoiding a fight is a mark of honor; only fools insist on quarreling." Prov.20:3"
And THANK YOU for spelling Destery's name correctly! Haha everyone spells it wrong
I remember years ago, someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love,,, I Did </3
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the words Swag and YOLO!
Thank you for all you did for the band Mr Jerry Chambers - Rest in peace my friend......
just want you to know we have a full band again and are ready to work with you in anyway. any show promo/ reviews would help a ton.
“ Learn to keep your private life private.”
what's the debate about
: what's up yo hope you is good miss yo NO HOMO DUDES
what porno on your twitter maybe lol
Ha, it must be REALLY late now! Whatever you do, dont buy anything that has a screaming informercial host!
thanks for clearing that up. I feel much younger now
I should buy a dump truck.
Love driving with the windows down on nights out like tonight!
no offense to the other team members but why are you so built compared to them??? Haha love you guys
Life has a funny way of proving you wrong whenever you think you finally understand it.
I'm so tired of being judged :(
"The Scream" sold for more last night than the combined total for *all* the Sotheby's and Christie's book auctions in 2011
Omg he looks like T mills :o
Streaming at the stadium to hear songs from all of the acts playing at #BuzzBeachBall2012 this year!
I see one every day on my way to school -.-
5 to 10,000 a month jobs available in the field of entertainment P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS WE NEED U NOW!!!
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
Our "Own" wisdom isn't enough to make it in this life. We need the Holy Spirit 2 guide us into ALL truth.
We're done in the studio. Now what should we do?
The weather in Boston is absolutely gorgeous...ALMOST makes it worthwhile enduring 3-4 months of arse-biting cold the rest of the year
Self harming is bad kids, don't do it.
RT : Q1. Whats in your makeup bag this spring?
If you are coming to #wawomenwant tonight at Wing Luke Museum - parking is available for special event rate of $2 at 900 South King St.
Is Weezer on the approved playlist?
Home after 2 more days of driving.. sick, though. Ugh.
Mike finished his leg at 6:13 pace in Wales. We are now 5 minutes ahead of schedule. Average team pace at 6:56. Awesome !
Attn...."inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" is now available on itunes!!! #SUPPORT #GO GET IT
Methinks its just spilt flour... But you never know...
"Focus focus focus focusing"
Maryland Film Festival kicks off with pleasure and pain
ps my cousin almost convinced me to stay in Alabama with my pops and work at mcdonalds. I was thisclose to doing it.
+friendship, messages with big words that I have to look up, music, "shadow collaborators", tea and now sleep.
Why are they sad and glad and bad? I do not know, probably neurochemistry; fetch the MRI!
wow I read for 2 hours I guess a lil more womt hurt me :)
Too sexy wen sick
I wish I was as cool as Jackson
Happy first birthday to #GTFish! Good luck w/ tonight's #oyster bonanza!
No it just means if you are 20 under its a $15 dollar charge... Its all ages. 21+ just gets a better price.
Let me know when I should get my car keys...
Forbidden Planet or The Day the Earth Stood Still
when it gots hotter, we'll go!
thanks man.. Was it IOBY? The client will be stoked
oh my gawd she's gonna have a BF. what ? She's gonna have a bitch fit!!!!
status update.
Power drop another one
follow me an ill follow back
Getting ready for my gig at the Hilton Universal - 7 to 10pm, come say hi.
Monday Mentions! You guys rock!
exciting times! Happy to hear things are movin and shakin : )
Thanks for the RT!
any thoughts on location?
Yes, unless it's February and the #Packers are winning the SB
Ima Leave Them Legs Shaking And Pussy Throbin
Looking for a Mac application that catalogs everything on my backup hard drives. Anyone have any they would recommend?
Yippie!! RT : I will be there. Just remind me excessively next week.
I concur with ya on this 1 !
Me time.needed
Interested in virtual water? Check out examiner.com environmental health in reno
Somebody bring me foods. & a m&m mcflurry from mickeyd's. I'll give you chocolates. (:
I love when people express their opinions on twitter like it matter when really no one gives a shit...including me
Why pay 1.60 to ride the light rail when u can easily just walk the 2.5 miles?
please unblock my personal
Oh yes cause how could I not be jealous of all that.
RT “: Remember when the Saints put up 49 points on your D!!”remember when we won the super bowl
BORED TO DEATH ....
": RT do i know you ? dm your number"no you bout. To
corollary to that- if earth is ever [has ever been] visited by aliens, they would probably have to be immortal vampire zombies.
Behind every successful man is his woman behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman
hell nah lol.
Had so much fun touring on Saturday! Mom loved the East Side; me, the Fixed Gear. And River West. And Cream City...
TONIGHT: Book launch/signing/reading by - The original #Pfister Narrator + #AIR Shelby Keefe farewell
Who would've thought
So holier-than-thou too...how about Brooks' shirt? No one over 40 should be wearing a shirt like that.
The wait is over - new posts up
No #Buzzard beater that time.
THANKS! Cheers! RT : I hope you're drinking the best ie —Great cups of cheer!
When pb doesnt know when to use the heat or the a/c <<<<<
hello! We look forward to having you. What is the name on the reservation?
just fyi, ms honey from matilda is in mad men.
If I gave you my love. I'd tell you what I'd dooo0o0o0o. I'd expect a whole lot of love out of you. Huh.
u a senior and she a freshmen . . . cum on now
Your last tweet was pompous and silly. Our responsibility is to be kind and sensitive, not to respect arbitrary borders.
I've officially been "Kiddered". I'm not an old fucking swinger, I'm apparently a "fucking pussy". Something I really enjoy doing, BTW.
Any more study breaks at the library (or elsewhere)?
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. – Dwight Eisenhower
RT : Do you like #Spooning? Then check out our new project , a great new geolocation based social networking site...
#AllIWant is 'HER'...
#followsunday Follow our friend She's totally awesome.
Find good helpful advice on getting organized and rid of clutter,confusion and crankiness for good. see post www.giggling.blogdog.com
One thing I haven't resumed since the crisis is getgluing and listing the stuff I'm watching. Still hard to get back into that. I dunno why.
Is my deck super tidy or my yard clear of weeds? No. Am I enjoying it anyway? You bet.
Want 2 new tats today
Don�t play hard to get, instead play hard to forget
Just realizing I have always sucked at Boolean logic and probably always will.
lol. Or u ain't mature "physically" wen that happened u noticed attention and felt like u was fine. Lol
Braves bullpen needs to get their shit together! Come on Johnny!
Tonight was so much fun! Thanks to everyone who put the show on and to all those who came out!!!!! We truly appreciate all your support.<3
oh & sorry - I'd cuddle you back - but don't want to get you sick as well (I hate online viruses! lol!)
wait for our weather - it's not here yet
sounds scarier
Superman cartoons before the show? I am in my element.
Red Tails is so revealing. For instance, apparently WWII airmen invented the NFL pregame chant/dance. Who knew?
& are amazingly beautiful wonderful lovely girls. i wish to grow up just like them! <3
#WomensHealth: Strike a pose. Regular yoga practice will lower stress, prevent weight gain, and even boost your energy.
LMAO i thought that meant F-face B-book G-gina M-marie
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859 - 1930)
Girls just want a man who say's I love you every night and proves it every day.
“: atlas sound was so much fun last night. closed with a 30+ minute jam on neil young's 'tonight's the night'” SO FUN
Hello everyone! What's up?.
Great work #Unifi Showstoppers team! We love reading the coverage in rainy Seattle.
thank you very much. It's pure joy.
It kindaa bugs me but, whatever though \(-.-)/
You are most welcome.
“: Blake: One out of every seven Americans has at least 10 credit cards. -PressTV”
eh. I gave up.
I got the looks & body, just need to practice my drumming skills! That what you mean? Drumming doesn't come as natural!
but then I would have to leave you <3
It's so much fun! You should def get on it 😉
RT : Starting at 5PM, tix to the 1st 100 people for Flacco autograph will be sold for $25. All proceeds go to !
This would really add a personal touch to a wedding. If I was getting married, I would definitely get one.
“ We're gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you.””
Drop everything now' meet me in tha pourin rain kiss me on tha side walk take away tha pain ' cause i see sparks fly when i see u smile<3
For his transgression he is to be condemned. Tich Naht Hahn(Chaz) "A man in his own estimation who considers hiself a good father, may
Thx for S/O RT : Dude, my man. That is a awesome video.
Amazed by the #Canucks fans who thought the Torres hit was clean...
Brief fireworks at Perrish Cox trial. Defense asks for mistrial based upon words of Demaryius Thomas. judge says no. Crisis averted
I tune into SNL at the end just so I don't miss the beginning of "In Wine Country"
the best show! watching it now!
I would LOVE a follow!(;
Interactive Marketing Manager Job Opening in Singapore.
Just took a look. What is this? They sell these prints?
Just saw the floor plan for the Spectrum Art Show - what a blast - we're sitting near most of our favorite people!
Just what the heck is brain-based learning?!
Terrific news on permanent injunction against #VoterID law. MYC opposed law in March 2011.
Hark! (The Occupy Protestors Sing)
Quote of the day: “All the advice in the world will never help you until you help yourself.” Guess who said this quote!
Well, you called me names too. A Christian.
We are ready! Great rehearsal today! Nashville here we come!!!
Is my child bordering u? Ask me abt
I look forward to seeing you again, Eva!
As much as going back is a bummer, I'm sure you and your family are looking forward to the "for good" part. Enjoy your vacation!
The Standard Pour has a shot infused with
thanks man! i'm lucky things have been working out well so far. next step is to start making money so i can keep this up...
Hope I make it through this day
Most emotional #survivor scene ever.
I will always be an #ebenator. You're an amazing singer & you can't give up now. You don't need Idol to go big. Love you!
Good to hear. I've got video equipment for you.
lol I love you two
How are you?
been kuu.. i was bouta hit u up the other day man.. then i forgot smh
please follow me
Seems someone hacked into my account. Everyone who sent a message please check your accounts and reset pws!
SAY YOU WANT ME TO GO, AND IT'S THE #1YEARICONIVERSARY, AND IT'S MORE IMPORTANT THAN HAWAII.
Does this group lie like and do?
hanging out with my friends!
You are just a very worldly kind of guy! Miss you stranger!
So whens this storm gonna hit?!?! Just chillin in my room waiting...
where is my mind c:
The savory goat cheese and apple muffin is incredible
Something wrong with my neck! =( it hurt so bad!.
just woke up and people in america are up before me....oops.
its so early, i don't wanna wake up. we're so luckyy 'cause we never grow up....
Merry Christmas everyone & sincere thanks for another great year!!!
time heals everything.
just drama... Family drama as always
next time?
cool hats tour 2012
:) thanks for the shout!
- where could I find more info about the "Hung Out To Dry" movement?
The President currently speaking with Gov. walker and Mayor Barrett. Todd Hicks TodaysTMJ4
Maybe does not believe in growth but in limitation, so is willing 2 limit its customers 2 Rush fans.
#chase #fail #theft : Chase keep making up new fee's without actually delivering value. Can't wait for
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. ~ Henry Ford
Lord help us all, is driving the 1st leg of the trip home!
Thank you and for the #FF love. :)
I like the pic. She was less than cool to me on twitter when we were playing FSU in 09...she was forcing 'unbiased' bs
You think anyone still believes Brees is still MVP? Rodgers is by far the best
You should be world heavy weight champion.
#morning!! Busy days dont stop coming if you keep yourself busy. Keep moving foward!
Nope completely normal!!!!
Dentwitexaminer has changed user name. It's now DenverPop. I still tweet about Denver Twitter and Pop Culture.
Hey Twitter...time for some rebranding. The wannabe formerly known as TechFratBoy is now Thanks!
I'm so bored at work
Insanely tired. Omg/:
Goodnight, gay boys<3
who's on the panel?
Ears pierced. Check. Dreads. Check.
me either LOL
RT i got dooped into getting up for a 9am "fitness trifecta" which turned out to be just a tour of the resort fuck that.
i have a confession ......... i live in a spaceship and i transform into a human every morning
And the Oscar goes to....Alexander Semin!
Info session about mifflin this year is starting in 15 minutes in 1121 humanities! See you soon!
the one with you in the glasses
North American Defense and the War on Drugs
I call him gay C: convince him to go!:o
Let us help you with your entire image at www.hairinthecity.me We offer free consultations with an appointment.
- We need AT LEAST 15 more volunteers by Fri. Could you give us a tweet-out?
have your summer fun... Don't listen to him lol
Prairie dogging at work is the worst thing possible :/
Taking a bit of a break from social media while traveling has been really pretty nice. Enjoyed Paris and am glad to be back in Rome!
Yes I am but no the girl that plays rikki is Cariba and she does not have a twitter I have checked
(': Sanks, baby <3 You're too cute little sister :*
Its hot inside my house ugh
Whenever I am I represent #Detroit it's music it's people it's pioneering spirit it's Art it's Pain it's Love! I am open to your love to!
Getting ready to go into the last hour of reggae vault... We now feaTure Jah Cure
Already do!(:
What is my hamster doing ?!!!!!!! Bless her <3
Please follow me(; 25
Kudos to the man who came to my elderly mother's defense when she'd been waiting for a gas pump and a young guy whipped in & took her pump.
yeah ill ask my mom tomorrow cuz shes at work but ill tell u what she says tomorrow
The mission @ DreamBikes is not only to provide important job skills to the youth who work there, but also to emphasize self confidence.
Had fun tonight - rehearsal
Why isn't Bobby a pall bearer tho>>>
good night to my buddies out in Oakland. Good work. Sleep wel.
They shouldve never gave u niggas money ! * dave chappelle rick james voice " .
So who's going to the Superbowl???
Think I just heard that Newt busted into song during a speech, singing "Fly Me to the Moon." #everyoneisdoingit Can anyone confirm?
This has been a long but blessed day, back in bama! Can't wait to see the fam tomorrow
Waking up to a message from my best friend from Denmark!
His brother`s not too bad in front of the camera, but I`m not sure that means he will be good, too.
I am.
we should have instruction chats regularly! I'm also taking a class now, can share info
I hope I get my android back today! *crosses fingers*
I can do it any day besides Wednesday, just lmk :)
Ok, we're enjoying Chocolate Cherry Passion dessert wine w/chocolate covered strawberries & ice cream.
I hate the sick feeling I get from laying down all day,
but you make up for it being a real person on twitter
I shall greet all of my clients with the Beast Mode tomorrow...
If I never met u I wouldn't like u If I didn't like u I wouldn't love u If I didn't love u I wouldn't missu But I did I do & I always will
Meh. Sometimes. :p
These are all Amazing! I Love this one the best though!!
Tequila Thursday!! $2 Frozen Margaritas will be perfect after your hard day at work! :)
I am on season 2 of #breakingbad and this could be the greatest tv show ever made. Magnificence!
Fri Salad: Lemon tossed Arugula Stuffed Prosciutto Rolls w/Grilled Flatbread, Shaved Parmesan Cheese, Toasted Pistachios
that is not true...he never said that...he said he's be willing to compare his admin achvmt vs those of four pres
hope you feel better.
we can climb the steeple at church?
Don't call it a comeback. RT : Contact lenses w/AR syncing w/ Foursquare/Facebook/Twitter. I'd like pagers to make a comeback.
yea wat up
A great unexpected detour: The Done Deals at
maybe I'm amazed
Holla! Rima you look STUNNING as always!
Tomorrow is a fresh start for a new quarter and im going to try my hardest 📝📖
REALLY went in on dat comment lol ....."talking out u come put him to sleep"...
oh man. He is right though. Terrible eulogy. and gang really know how a proper eulogy is done.
jake!! Follow me please???
how about Kevin Walther? I have 15 mins to grab him if you think he's better than little.
You know what to do! Less sun. More sleep Listening to DR B's advice ... RT Today, my skin would benefit from_.
The green screen is all painted and ready to go...Here's to another successful shoot tomorrow.
60 and sun in #Charlotte! Cornhole, beer, car bombs, then st patty's bar crawl. Loving it!
People throw rocks at things that shine. <3
iphone or blackberry?
"Its the snapshot of a state of mind where 1 mountain has been climbed&theres more in the distance.But for right now, the view is beautiful"
It seem lik she always gotta work on holidays and crap
JESSE YOU ARE "THE VOICE" Im sure someone will appreciate your talent. You will sale way more then whoever wins...regards
Thornton's on fire for the #Spartans, hitting his third in a row. 20-18 now
Pattie sees us as a normal fanbase. Scooter, Jeremy & Justin know that we're a little pervy. But Alfredo knows how we REALLY are.
but they're clearly labeled as such (or should be to comply with the rules).
Nothing beats a great nights rest and a productive day
Ativan party over here
So looking forward to tonight.
now 🏠 and about to get on this 💤 status!!!
Singing fingers crossed by handguns like always <3
We are new (to twitter), but just had the #BlogTourNYC bloggers in our showroom!
Hi what do you mean?
So HAPPY for on her Grammy win!!!! Well deserved Laura:) So happy for you!!!
is Kindle's repeated scratch due to his inability or that he's not good on spec teams?
How are you? :D
we don't want to steal each others wind now.
My debit card got rejected at mcdonalds still waiting on to set up my direct deposit
Smh RT : I'm just realizing what an ill ass name "Bone Thugs-N-Harmony" is for a group.
Now, the Giants ARE world champions because that style of football isn't played anywhere else in the world.
#HappyBirthdayMadison Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday, Dear Madison...Happy Birthday to you(: ily <3
What will you stop doing in the next 3-5 years? Most of what's suggested we are already doing or have done.
Buy #Sid a drink and get his dog one too! #Pens 1-0, 15 seconds in.
Harry Reid's (D-NV) Senate has not passed a budget in 1,111 days.
Hey Alex! How was your day?
LOL SHE SAID THANK YOU !!!!!!
Shoutout to #NotreDameWomensBball for tge great game! Bring it home
i mean everything i say and i stand by my friends and others when they need me.
havent been listening to radio due to momma listening to church station and the other day while I was loading up the car the car
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life
#BruinsStarWars Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Bruin. But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
Darius Miller should get last shot. If not Miller, then Lamb. They're our best shooters.
just want to say welcome to #TARHEELNATION!!!!!!!!
#Giants offense looks like do do
I'll have you know I am a phenomenal skier. But I have to decline the invite.
Shout out to Kathy Ransier as MC for Women's Fund Keyholder!
Sounds great! Put me on the team please!
That moment on Icarly when Gibby constantly takes his shirt off
Gonna upload two more icons and then be done for a while!! :] I hope you guys are enjoying them and tweet me if you want a custom one ^_^
Thomas Jones would also win if he was on a roster(although not to LT). Jackson is #1 and Gore is
i really can't wait, planning my day around this. So excited
Historically Food prices only rise when unusual weather takes place… this is not currently the reason.
Hey there Jeanna! Nice to hear from you! I am here in SM world but mostly on G+ (Ido a lot of HangOuts/OnAir work). You?? :)
Hahah oh no and they got me on break with old people!
Grading hell is an "of your own creation" hell, right? Like desk clutter hell & I taught my kid the wheels on the bus hell.
Papa's in the house!!!!!
I'm not supposed to be annoyed right? I don't think that's the way it should go... 😳
That sounds so good! RT : Traditional hearty tomato meat sauce served over rigatoni...it's the Rigatoni Bolognese!!
Unlocking Wealth: Secret to Market Timing
wuahh idk when to go to D23 whts a good day to go?
Thank you. They have an online program, but I'm hoping to go to campus as much as I can.
OMG DON`T YOU GET IT HE DNT WANT YOU!!!!! ALL HE WANT IS THAT HEAD!!!!! B*TCHS THES DAYZ WILL NEVER LEARN THATS WHY HE NOT CLAIMIN YOU NOW
Had a blast at Stephen Jan's Mongol rally send off. Will edit video tomorrow and go to the Guggenheim.
lmaoo!RT : I hate to see ugly girls make ugly faces... It just makes u look 30x's worse lol
I loved it! I wanted to hear more about the different types of touches since it is similar to work that I have been doing
definitely! New adventures to be had! Thanks!
Watching Poetic Justice. I miss 90s black coming of age movies
Have fun! We're having a #hungergames costume contest on that day!
Practice random acts of whimsey.
TRAFFIC: EB Hwy 14 @ Cleveland Rd (near Cross Plains) - a truck lost a load of metal the size of a storage shed - lane blockage
Very true!
is focused
I got the job!!! I am starting my marketing career!!!
Follow Me Please!? 60
You totally figured me out! I'll try and not be so ostentatious in the future, lol
Yes, but it's a HOT MESS!
You Rock! RT: To those who do love me, I love you back. To those who don't, I hope someone loves you.
To schedule a •EMG •Injections •MRI •CT Scan call us for unsurpassed customer service! 1-800-ODx-5191
hell yeah! And we have to have a midget in the oven:P
195k ish at dinner break. Have a pretty tough table considering the field left.
So fed up with this shit. and both reneging on coverage of Jen's surgery now.
love the (oh)(x can we create something beautiful and DESTROY it? :'3
Damn RG3 thats an ugly suit!
leaving to go to winslow
I won't lie I going to miss my boys in Blue next year
Welcome back!
just so you know theres a big difference between being BI and being a HOE...
Q2 I only tried the medium point but I want to try the calligraphy one
Nationwide- males wanted for adult video work. Nudity involved. Pay is 500 dollars per shoot.
thank you Ms. Laura!!
Ugh, isn't here and all I want to do is cuddle. I need a dog. :-(
we got a badass ova hur
The Hunger Games Was Really Good!!(: Josh Hutcherson Is Cute :D Lmao
I've seen things on TV about Ben & Jerry's. They have a very cool and unique approach to business.
Enjoyed reading your review of
your too complicated... 💩
Rockefeller Center is not the same without In fact, it's decidedly worse.
Thanks! We're all about gap years here :)
I am a Tennessee girl so naturally I love Kacie B. but I will not miss her laugh!
What kind of guys falsify their identities to crash an art school admissions event? I'm finding out...
Gonna go back to work for like another million hours. yay. My idea of an awesome weekend!
We are now all caught up on #Community and are bereft. What can we watch now (besides just re-watching episodes of Community)?
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Randy -- just have to figure it all out.
Met a tall, charming, sexy Italian man at #UnionSquare. He gave me his number and two days later my iPhone died. Anyway to retrieve it?
How's by you?
I did! I got to hang out in Hollywood. How about you?
Congrats to all those signing on #NationalSigningDay, but where's the mass media coverage for #JaxYouth that get to college w/o sports?
West Virginia almost called Kanawha (pronounced very much like Canaan).
target practice
Hahahahahaha the church is having the GAs a mother day present so I'm signed up to help with that leaving in a couple mons
LOVE the shoes!!
Happy Friday, don't forget your mom's this mother's day!
enjoy, music can be crucial during a workout
yoga inside the dolphin habitat?! I'm so jealous. Happy new year!
RT Congrats to and on the premiere of #Snap! tonight at 830 on Disney Channel! Who's watching? (me)
Well Colin, we think you're "unreasonably" charming!
Yeah, but not deploying. So you have to open up Xcode, and if can't run in a terminal debugger, gotta use Xcode
I have a final will and testament so I'm allowed to die now! Woot!
Wow. Edgar Winter just won an
just watched your cover of Safe and Sound.... FREAKING AMAZING! <3
Icing my knees and laying on the heating pad... #fallingapart ! 
what you know about that cake? :)
Installed Oxygen XML Editor and about to embark on the DIY DRC in a Box beta adventure.
ohh ,well i STILL CANT FIND IT :p
"I wish there were more inflammatory generalizations on Twitter" -no one, ever.
“: We're curious. What's your "protest music"? Tweet us the songs that inspire you to take action!” "Killing in the Name"
On board the Heathrow Express with and missing my new #FOWD friends already. Enjoy the rest of the day!
you are welcome! Hope you are having fun!!
um me!
for an aau tournament for my sister, i did!! On Monday
what's up?
a non resolution game with free players...
United airlines is my least favorite these days.
HS softball: great game at Poynette. Down 4-3 down to last strike Poynette hits solo HR to tie it at 4...we're now headed to 9th
Ending Credits are coming into place. Anyone who donated $15+ .. your name on the big screen! &thank you :-)
President & CEO Chris Artinian will be appearing on Bloomberg TV's "Enterprise" tonight at 9pm and 12am EST, 8pm and 11pm CST.
On Skype for a little while! Come say hey! EROCK2U EROCK
Minor #akla12 emergency: a co-worker librarian forgot to bring her knitting. I will forward any sympathy messages.
The definition of integrity is the state of being whole and complete and honoring one's word as one's self.
New York, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Missed spinning class this morning. Reffing 5 games later should make up for it. #operationpostdivorcebody (OPDB)
They seem to do that every year unless i'm misremembering
Did you know it's all about where you store your weight? What body type are you?
I need a place for 15 ppl to eat in green bay. Thoughts?
Happiest of Tuesdays!
I had a good night last nite ^_^
Dang. I was really hoping Phillip chose I don't wanna miss a thing. I believe he would've done freakin amazing. Just sayin.
Oliver Burrows, host of Christian Economic Perspective, waiting with protesters outside Capitol to talk to Sen. Glenn Grothman.
Good night :D
- get outta here. La La is garbage. Megan is way better.
You can still represent Milwaukee, where ever you are!!!
BRANDON JACOBS now on Twitter OH NO lol
Well Chris Brown is more popular and sells many more CDs
Cousins wedding reception now(: #fam(ily) ♥
Last session of the day, with Drew Smith on "Where Is the Book with My Family in It?"
It really is the worst! I can't wait to get back and see you and celebrate your birthday, def doing that first weekend back!<3
THATS CRAZY......I THINK LEBRON WOULD HAD BEEN BETTER OFF SOMEWHERE....MIAMI IS D-WADE SHOW
YOU SO SCANDALOUS.
Though, it is rather amusing. I'm pretty sure they think I haven't noticed them.
Open Gym Later Today. Bouta Try & Go Hard. Get Back To How I Used To Be On The Court
Our interns' presentations: excellent reflections on tech. & knowledge production. Sad they're leaving us. But they're on to great things!
oh bloody hell stchocolate!!! I DONT GIVE TO CHARITY!! Hahaha
Word of advice- Get over bullshit excuses and learn to take care of thy self!
over protective girlfriends.
Thanks. Life is one big mash-up when it comes down to it.
lol that should be the slogan for all condoms
Wasted #thesave on American Idol - America voted, now deal with it! If I wanted to hear Mariah or Whitney, I'd buy their album - not hers!
i can't study for spanish with all these food blogs to peruse.
See wuh had happen was
I don't mind standing every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
You can now follow tweets from my mayoral campaign team at
Lmao Ion Know Why She Does This To Me KNOWING How Far Away She Is!!
Great prax gentlemen! This Fri Feb 3rd at Boomerangs- FREE!!! The Rebirth- not the after...
Hiking on Saturday am in the sunshine!!!!!! Priceless
Thank you! You too love! “: happy mothers day bby”
RT : Daniel Trip on obsolescence: What is the shelf life of a digital publication? Interesting question.
Tons of sewage was dumped in the ocean during the black out down here in San Diego, could be that. Aren't you glad you asked? :)
I need a "special friend!"
Najera defeats Hughes by TKO due to strikes at 1:52 of the 2nd Round.
Sitting behind yoing kids on the ferry. Did you know ghosts are mad of water, souls, and blood?
It's National Teacher Day! Please express your appreciation to teacher who has changed your life or your child's life
It's unclear whether will be live or not this week.
Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
Absolutely! What kinds of #edtech engage students effectively?
Thanks for the shoutout, U heard about Blastoff? Its MLM marketing at its finest..
Weather Channel guy at Nags Head has a death wish. Possible Darwin award nominee?
A lot of those compensations lead to serious low back pain, especially for middle aged dudes who sit at a desk
I'm starting my e-book that will change the world. Sharing tips - will share for free - #WantToBeHealthy - I live for coaching - let me help
I hate when busted on power 96 sounds so fake -.-
You would not guess how many "peeps" items i saw today !
Four words you will never hear from Tiquan Underwood: In. Bill. We. Trust! #InBillWeTrust. for Super Bowl MVP
wouldn't cover up the spot in the back tho
I really hate my neighbor's dog. It's woken me up too many times.
So jealous! Have fun today, ladies!
so much for winning road trip.
It's turning out to be one of those days #Stupidityrunningrampant#
First time in a non-Davis Cup event since what, 2007? ;-)
Thanks for making to the unplugged hunters show last night! get well ben!
Took a power nap and now I'm up headed to the airport for council bluffs, ia.
100 days of false hope: People in their hundreds of thousands from all over the world thronged the village hopefully to get healed by...
Looking forward to hearing more about 2013 budget in a few minutes.
that makes me want to even more.
I just hate all my classes this year. I'm around annoying people all day long lolol
makes sense. Harder for me to catch missed episodes until i get back! :)
Technique practice today, got my long jump on!
Did you know? The only food that will never ever spoil is honey!
OSU's defense is doing a pretty solid job, but if the Beavs' offense can't make a play, it's not going to matter.
The cast of Cats would like to thank God and their families for all their support.
RT : Fairview Elementary, in 1 of Denver's poorest neighborhoods, wins The Great Library Giveaway!!!
#FocusMagazine's 20th Issue Cover is REVEALED! #20 includes interviews w/ photographer Martin Schoeller and galleriest Spencer Throckmorton!
details about upcoming #smbsd This will be our 11th breakfast. Hope some of you can make it! www.socialmediabreakfast.com
congrats on the article. You are an awesome researcher!
Patty the Planker planking while her sister sings on American Idol? Season 11, everybody.
go #FOLLOWFRIDAY find new
Calling all #DBoyz and #MoneyMakers, are you ready to go to the next level? If so, Trapstarz, Inc. is here to clean up the mess you've made!
While the rest of the industry is still struggling to catch up to their lead within the touch paradigm… Apple is moving on to voice.
jeri curls. Coming to America. Put your hands together for Randy Watson and Sexual Chocolate.
Reached 500 followers today on Twitter! So fun to connect with interesting people around the country!
ass ass ass ass pussy pussy pussy
*STARES AT JEN* I'm looking at you! I'm also not touching you. *moves hand two inches from Jen's face without touching her*
I told you xD
Grilled Chicken & Spinach Torta!
what's your password?
LOL everybody follow my bro >>>>>>>>
good idea ;) i will start a feud
Im so excited for you and Alex's younow tonight! Cant wait! Its the only thing that gets me through Mondays (: ♥ I love you (:
Switching career from broadcast to print journalism. Every TV station has an agenda REFUSE to be a puppet for any news station.
Caring is helping each other. Not "don't do this and you better stop this". And again, my bf will see this. GAHHHHH *angry face*
When are you guys coming to Pittsburgh again?! :)<3
But , how will I let people know how I cried when telling a story?
Some people are just terrible at trying to be funny with their sarcasm.
prettiest eyes ever...i'm all about beautiful eyes and sexy voices
Of course the bag of crap comes during the one time I had to change locations. :-(
#rantoftheday: wtf is with assholes rocking the gigantic umbrellas through the crowded sidewalks of business loop chicago!? These jackasses
Alas, suh, it has been my fate to arrest more ladies than I have guarded.
Go die.
Damn you eonline for using the word "swaggy"!!! Its people like you who fuck up the English language!!!
now I ain't saying she a golddigger but she ain't messing with no broke niggas.
i just heard #FlyUnion new song it"s nice af
You're welcome! We appreciate your business.
Grapevine is just the cutest lil city
Every just want to kill someone you care about
: Why are we so insistent on the stability of “Mom”? Why not Butch "Dads"? We should learn from kids on this matter.
Chilling at house. She feeding me well
nice run, cya back in SD in a few!
I want to be on your list gorgeous :)
who is teaching that?
are you coming to drop off those apps?
Art daily! its a must..
sure send them to
Nosotros back in Santa Fe this Saturday Night! Nosotros Live @ El Farol!! 9pm
when your hungray and your mom says her and her husband are going out and they can bring something. bitch i was here first #stepparents<<<
Ronny Cedeno is with the #Mets. That makes me laugh.
Damn your taking forever!!
sad about BTJunkie, but P2P sites are like grey hairs
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. — Victor Frankl
Hi-Rez's Tribes: Ascend challenges free-to-play shooter expectations - Gamasutra
and I want TACOS! WHAT THE FUCK!
We may have to temporarily preempt our comedies to carry the Vikings Stadium debate. Talk about hilarious comedy...
Yea u no I need a super freak
RT I love u's// I love u's too booskie!!
He taught me housekeeping; when I divorce I keep the house.
#TEDxBU. Thank you for all the inspiration! So many ideas worth spreading. Now let's roll with the necessary actions worth doing!
In Cleveland, Ohio you need a hunting license to catch mice. #odd facts
I keep meaning to ask someone about that. Any word why?
Great way to start weekend! GO MAVS!!
Setting up meetings all through out town! Amazing venues and teams wanting to host the Greater Miami Chapter's launch event.
After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies
You know who the most popular guy at the nudist colony breakfast is? The one carrying 2 cups of coffee and a dozen doughnuts.
Another...yawn...SEC battle
#MUCat T. Delsey core elements in RDA have a rationale! (based on mapping of elements in FRBR in context of user tasks)
Hackworth: Union isn't trying to score first and bunker down. Always thinking about scoring next goal. Chances haven't gone their way.
#TeamSMAT Thank you, Erika for your time and donations. We will see you Friday at "In The Eyes of Angels"
Sure thing! Thanks for the kind words!
RT : Where are you!? RT : I see you!.. At west end jonnies!
Who are you to tell me if it's black or white?
Every star represents a reason why I love you...but there is only 1 problem: there are never enough stars to represent them all. (;
Youtube "Deb Spoons Perry"...if that doesn't kill some time, I don't know what will
Blah! Coming back east from #Portland. Think I got some good
I just wish I could live my life like nothing bad ever happened, but I realize that I am who I am because of all the pain I've suffered.
it's been a good night!
Text: VegasMind to 22828 to join my newsletter list.
PickUpLine: Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Baloo is barking to the backbeat of the song I am currently playing.
Let's see if Foursquare will help me come up with an idea for what do for dinner...
Time now to do some laundry and listen to
A rainy day in Boston is a good day for ping pong.
Honestly the fact Christians don't believe pets can get into heaven is enough for me to not believe in their God anyway.
Gearing up for the new year with great Home-Based Business news and udpates...Merry Christmas to all! Helene www.thehome-office.com
It's hot af, but dnt nobody wanna risk having a high bill, so NO AIR! Betta plug in the fan
I told a guy he had a dry sense of humor. He replied with, "It's arid, actually." What a vaginal lavage delivery system.
Thanks Bill!! Yeah, I'm hear for awhile. Lol
dinner shopping was fun, love my parents <3
looking forward to meeting you as well, Cindy!
Nap town
#lunch specials!! Chix salad sandwich, avocado aioli, bacon, almonds, cheddar, texast toast.
I would probably be passed out the whole time, so basically nothing.
I love La Boulange -- but I agree, they need wifi! They probably don't to keep people from camping out...
. - My unlikely companion albums to Sparkle & Fade: 's Regretfully Yours & Hayden's Everything I Long For.
lay off . How many superbowls have we won without him?
I wore "Play it as it Lays" last wknd
I think so. Someone will probably be making a video too. I will post info here and let you know.
Had lunch at COSTCO. Got a 50" Sony TV, a power washer, 4 DVD's, tube socks, a Turkey sandwhich and a bottle of water!
thanks! and we sure can! RT Checkout They can help you with all of the little details or help plan your entire event
"I showed her what a wilmarie is bitch" - #BGC6REUNION :] Love you bby!
I want just one dream of my life dreams to come true and that dream is to be real close friends in a serious friendship
OKAY WISEASS IF TWITTER IS GOD THEN WHY DID FACEBOOK COME FIRST HUH?
twitter gains seekers since trayvon et.al., more R interested 2find out WTF the deal is. …stacked, &old twtr posts Rgone~2wks
drop me a line will hook up
Does anyone know if the people you are following can see your tweets?
Driving to birmingham
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 42
Heyy hun i'm fine, just back from Miami :D how are youu??<3
It's true... a bit like armchair anthropology :) Ah well, such is the fate of the scholar who dabbles in too much!
cuz we out in the club & we sippin that bub & we not gonna reach that telephone
U Welcome I only Speak Da Truth Get it? LOL!!!
i feel so bad for #japan! so sad.
Reataurant; St. Jack, Portland, Or
sounds fun! I'll be there for sure if I'm around.
it's just real funny u was all team magic now team lebron like I said ship jumper because u was all for team magic that's why
RT : Just because Jesus instructs you to do a thing does not mean that you won't encounter some difficulty doing it! TRUE!!
I can't ever read the words "Hunan Chicken" without my brain automatically replacing the first N with an M.
How can the one person that makes me happy also make me so fucking depressed.
Everyone needs to experience at least once in their lifetime. It's not just old people and babies, it's actually way more.
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate it mane we gotta chill again soon. When are you finished with school?
I did it a few weeks ago. There was a spot that lit up like a CSI crime scene.
ya if you come to AZ we can hang out. I can show you around :)
Soft call on Greene. His arms didn't go above the Coyote player's (didn't see the #) shoulders.
Time to watch lawn gnomes makeout
I remember u everyday!
no. It was the shorter black guy. He was a picker and he would always take the cardboard boxes of trash to the compacter.
We love Dell!
I need to be entertained!!!!!
Cuban food in
Anybody actually ever watch ' Tuff Turf'?
TODAY: Come to 90 SL @ 12 to hear Dr Fox-Kales talk about media's impact on eating disorders. It's FREE and we will have FOOD!
Kay seriously this day needs to be over .
ah... google analytics Real-Time.. awesome!
Hey Chad! Cranberries are good for urinary health, but if Lily is taking any meds, check with vet...they can mess with some meds
Hello Mitt need to wim .
5 yrs ago, we opened WestCaryGroup! Proud of our history, the people we've had the honor to work with. looking forward to the road ahead.
So sad about the niners.. :( I am well, just hanging in there. The girls are busy with school, and me too.
Officially came down with a sore throat. Pulling all the home remedies that I can think of. T_T
chilly??? You mean FREEZING!
“: when people joke about cutting. eating disorders. or suicide. #itsnotfunny” this.
String by string; too
Dr. Freud would say that pinot noir lovers suffer from pinot envy.
OMG. Helmet cam is making me queasy.
STILL have not heard from my baby! Where is he?
guess who my bus driver was today? .....
Why good morning Joe (read this tomorrow!) and happy training. I can't imagine training in Fla. heat — better you than me.
nice ride lady !!!!!
#iMissYouWhen I sleep. I miss u when Im awake. I miss u all the time. Now what's it gunna take? To go back to the old days and ur old ways?
Semolina breads, pane integrale, select antipasti, and accordian music. No, i'm not kidding.
#WW Thanks for the mention!
“: I AM GREAT CANT COMPLAIN. I SEE U FINALLY FOUND ME ON HERE- WHAT U BEEN UPTO” everything! Grinding!
Itsn't is amazing when that happens?
You actually got me for a second
Local Chinese place called Wing On RT : Q1 #Foodiechats What is your #AllTime Favorite Restaurant to order in from?
Gotta love Brendan Norton of LaSalle Explorers, leads nation with 38 BBs
RT Tweet a pic from your closet with #ClosetRaid for a chance to have come raid YOUR closet! (via )
Was just asked if my leg was OK. Had to explain my habit of stepping only an even number of steps in each sidewalk square.
is so amazing. i cant even stand it.
Come on Louisville, join my CATS in tje sweet sixteen.
“: your welcome. Mad Man has your back.”--NOW THAT'S A WONDERFUL THING!! :-)
I Wonder If I Was Ever In Like A Baby Commercial And My Parents Never Told Me..... e.e
just got back from seeing titanic in 3D and im really tired...
New iOS & OS X versions today. Please don't hesitate to contact us with your concerns, we are ALWAYS here to help!
because mondays are only when the show comes on
adrien brody's facial hair in that gilette commercial looks absolutely ridiculous
twitter+booze= awesome/trouble... if 2011 was a FB fan page, i'd be liking it right now
I'm lookin like a star bitch. When you see me, make a wish.<3
Tomorrow: new date!!!! Don't miss Casting Director Tori Visgilio from ABC Daytime "One Life to Live"
Good luck
I don't really follow basketball...does that make me un-American?
They obviously need you & I on next seasons AmazingRace.
Common sense is so rare it should be considered a super power...
I wouldn't trade Stall & I hope the Pens don't over react, it's just not easy to win a cup and feel this group will again
"There are no facts, only interpretations."- Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) We'll see you on the mat again tomorrow, yogis.
. I hear you. I think there are a lot of *good* postdocs for Ph.D.s. But they do need mentorship, time to do own research.
Who cares I see him EVERYDAY and screw Twitter. What do you consider a first date?
Speaker Boehner coming over for lunch today...having all the furniture covered in plastic...just in case...
Yes. Going to be awesome!
Been listening to bands since 2 my ears are ringing, and I'm yet to book something solid for a fundraiser.
Missing the family!!!
Movers are coming in today to move the rest of my shit in
Thank you!
All she gotta do is tell me where to kiss it and it's done
Want to support the local music scene in style? Catch the beautiful indie folk harmonies of Dusty Sunshine at the M tomorrow at 8 or 10 pm.
I couldn't see s foot very well
Is that suppose to me you are in Detroit...???
You have one of those, too? Between that and the HR dept. you are a very well-staffed man.
Capricorn Party that sounds like a Go for me
it's the gratitous advertising I find disgusting. Welcome back, btw.
these cards are gorgeous! looking at the luxury economy in the new world and these just made me swoon a bit!
not 100% sure yet, are you?
I would but I can't. #haha!
SO tempted to see them. And they'll be there two nights, too!
we have the best fans ever.
Its the same length as yours lol
Sure thing. J. Crew and Banana aren't sexy names but their polos are solid and affordable. As for Criquet, I'm stoked to get one.
My wife and I just had some Pete's hotdogs. Nothing like some good chili dogs and pierogies the day after a turkey feast.
hm, smehow it has seeped not my hootsuite auto fill... Damn that automation!
1D facebook confirmed theyre adding more dates! lets hope its in Missouri
english teacher decided to ruin our weekend
any telephone pioneers here?
ha no. I'm with ya sista! How much do u love that show?
MUNCHIE EXPRESS will be OPEN tomorrow night (Wednesday) from 7PM-3AM! Give us a call to deliver some munchies.
I'm more fearful of the deer. I know they don't fear me.
No not yet! But I do work for NBC 7/39 which I'm so thankful for! I'm a writer for the evening news & also work in sales/traffic
thank you! I'm a much better person for having you in my life!!!!
God Bless New York, God Bless America
Do you think a security system is essential to your home's security?
The 128th Air Refueling Wing is my office tomorrow. I should probably convince my brain to sleep.
(Darryl Reuben Hall) has received a Rosetta Lenoire Award nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
Actually I've heard really good things about it. I'm going to see it soon.
She's silly and always jealous to me . You're disturb my life , and I hate it
1 Thessalonians 3:8 For now we are alive again, if you stand firm in the Lord.
You still suffering from Constipation of the Head and Diarrhea of he Mouth???
You need to host a food show.
A day of conference and then fielding a number of support issues has me worn out. Hope all the #microconf folks enjoy tonight's party!
Follow Me , Also Shout Out To All My Friends
Aww! Did you take him with you?:)
We are in common agreement, as a society, that using your baby's stroller to stop subway doors from closing is frowned upon.
#Nuggets and #Rockies did work tonight good shit #DENVER !!!
Wow, did Anderson just leave before the handshakes?
Girls With Ponytails :)
So ready to go ##
I would have to agree with you, I want it right now...
Grrr my Drupal buddy just alerted me to the fact that my new menu module does not display correctly mobilely (might as well be a word).
Just bought Childish Gambino! Didn't realize Saul Williams has a new album out. Might have to get that too.
I hope we blow the Pacers out by 40 just because Hibbert and Vogel were talking reckless.
Craving a great PB&J sandwich? They're free today 11-2 at the cart in NW Portland.
My dog is such a douche ._______.
Thank you for covering this issue.
because babe! I want anither co-owner! So please use it! :) i trust you lln
let's chat about it!
Cruz incident was the most inexcusable I have seen in all of sport. No way they call it that way if the game is @
ouch, ditty.
don't forget Magic, but just that one time when he was a rookie or something.
Goodnight dolls! 😘
Seeing as how it's already been over two weeks, I guess one more day won't matter. LOL
Ew tf! I wouldn't do that with my brother.
Very cool but I'm waiting for Ferengi Monopoly.
Nothings harder than believing in each other.
#SKYHAWKNATION Congrats to UT Martin softball!!! OVC Champs and & NCAA Tourney bound!
bored you?
Hey librarians: can you send me an example of the coolest thing you have seen someone/a library do around readers' advisory lately? Thx!
how 'bout now?
Glad to participate! :) RT : thanks so much!! Thanks again for taking part..u guys had me cracking up! : )
Tap company rehearsal. Let's get it in ProtoTap!!!
Getting my Saturday started with some Starbuck's coffee and Internet browsing. It's time to start researching scholarships for Tina.
People at school like my hair. Lol, but.i cut it tuesday. and they just noticed. Lol
#kids fresh52 Farmers & Artisan Market: fresh52 Farmers & Artisan Market from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at...
did Gowalla do something sketchy?
i can't eat raisins. I fear they will sing and dance in my stomach.
thanks so much. And thanks for coming to the show :)
did it not send? :o x
Waiting at the airport. Rochester airport is always empty.
hey La....trying to keep business going with a music camp and some workshops. What's up with you this summer?
Everyone check out Amelia sanders on YouTube
Can you guess what year the College of Music and Fine Arts was founded?
oh, goodie gumdrops, a terrelle pryor AP story, i've missed his name so much
Everybody says that time heals everything. Are we just going to wait it out?
I am at doctor apt with waiting to start Spencers test #loveit!
haha! What a stud facing his own fears
Lol it was funny though
Yes, I made East Asian fusion cuisine. Sorta. Tofu/wakame/mushroom miso soup with red pepper flakes and rice vinegar to "hot & sour" it.
RT Ramen and Pho... yep, I never have to leave H Street ever again.
his twitter is
yeah but you enjoy it TAURUS LOL
dinner, but lunch soon!
Good morning <3.. S/o NF igladly followed back !
Where is ? She is missing from #lbyrpreview Don't tell me she rather be on vacation
The difference between puppy love and the real thing are so obvious
#stm2012 correction 15% of the journals account for 50% of the downloads
Helpful New Year’s Resolutions for new lawyers. Check out my article in the Law Practice Today Webzine from ABA LPM
Tiger LOOKS fit again. The rest/rehab did some good. Swing fitness is the question over 4 days. Can he keep it up? Make some putts now.
Judas, maybe. Treason for sure.
preparing Christmas presents. Merry Christmas to all!
<3 haha i know that song by heart...along with all of the other ones XD
URG I have the same problem with my blackberry :/
Barbecue Fest is going on in Memphis. Sure could go for some of that deliciousness right about now.
Here's to the girls who are always thinking of him.
You're welcome, Melissa...any time.
Thank you for reminding me that God has got it, I knew but it's still nice to be reminded
Heat and Pacers are tied 70-70 going into the 4th Quarter of Game 1 in the East Conference semifinals.
Band practice tonight is preparation for our show in Geneva, OH on Saturday night! It's going to be a blast!
was it about swagbucks cause then I got one too
Looks like I'll be getting a Kindle Touch 3G for Christmas. That should help out the readings and editing time for my novels.
SNOCLOTHING™ - Nothing But the Best!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Distinctive Bridesmaid Dresses-New Fall Collection for 2010 www.shopshop.com/Bridesmaid-Dresses.html
Oh Jesus I've never actually heard Adele speak ... Damn
#itmakesmesmile when acknowledges his fans/friends/family and not just other celebrities. we love you, justin. dont forget.
#whatdreamsaremadeof million little stars spelling out your name.
did your bro play at icantina Saturday?
The world of Twitter, is united.
Watching clash of the titans in english yaay c:
thanks! Love u long time.
Yay! She smiled at me :-)
Meet local author Debra Gauthier, Author of "Bright Lights Dark Places" at the Green Valley Library this Sat, 1/7, from 1pm - 3pm!
Let's go #12thMan lets get a pick six
Ocean City 2mm W. Dani && Tati ♬
Construction worker injured at Syracuse&#39;s Carousel Center when pallets fall
#BELIEVE ah!!! I'll never get tired of saying im supper excited!!!!!
How cool. Hope she is doing well!
Would these Spurs struggle to score on the Pacers?
It's amazing how once you start putting your startup out there (), people go out of their way to help. Thanks!
:Clevelander for road rally
Quite looking forward to seeing & learning some more about #Astros #MiLB'er Jean Carlos Batista & re: ball in the Dominican!
thanks! He likes to plan ahead!
Don't go through Life, Grow through Life. -Eric Butterworth
ireally want some mike and ikes at the moment !
The current location is the Ikea area near the water, in the Redhook section of Brooklyn!
We'll be running some contests over the summer that you might be able to win one. Most are for charitable donations.
Q1) most in m org prefer to learn on their own, formal classes tend to not draw many participants
From what I've read, 4G isn't always 4G anyway - network immature. I'm most worried about Google/Apple sync.
Shawn Secetaro-Dine' educator from Canyoncito rez-- we are the "invisible" people of Bernalillo Co
Can I borrow your time machine then since obviously you had to use it to make me Papa Pat
Don't ever fly American Airlines/American Eagle. That is all.
The Romantics (they sang "What I Like About You") are on stage now. Plain White T's ("Hey There Delilah") to perform next.
Yeah, Google Earth is awesome. I have with it and it is powerful.
c'mon it's easy you look into a mirror and say idk hmm i have hmm brown hair green eyes idk .. you must know
You only need one person to believe in you.. <3
he was thinking their Job is to protect and serve not to tell people to move off a street for no apparent reason.
Yesterday's lesson: Forget referrals. Give something your clients are excited to *share* with their network.
I love my friends. They keep me accountable for making my dreams come true.
Dodgers A 3b Alex Castellanos is hitting .333 w/ 2 triples, 3 doubles for the Isotopes. Send Uribe down let 'em trade places for a bit!
bitch, yew dumb. really dumb.
“: check out ” thanks!
Ah yes. I am an avid and active fan of brouhaha.
If u look @ my songs chronologically u can tell I'm progressively training the listener's ear to hear/process sounds in a different way.
Oracle Unveils Sun ZFS Backup Appliance for Oracle Engineered Systems
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
Sure!! Come on over to the U.S. !!!
Come out to Tilt tonight!! We've got a big mistake we're making on stage tonight..
Last night. >>>
If you cant beat Us Join Us!!
What happens first? Albert Pujols hits first homer with Angels or Jarrod Uthoff falls completely off the national map?
My family is so torn apart...why cant it just be normal and happy?
Neither rich or poor, but the righteous
go out duh!
Almost 2 years ended in an almost 10 minute phone call. I know it's for the best, but it still freaking sucks.
I feel insanely old at the halfass right now. too much jailbait. run'n around here.
man!!!!!!!! U ROCKED!!!!!!!! that stage tonight. What a GREAT PERFORMANCE
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
I Need A Thug In My Life
Just something Callie and talked about since we always do it anyway. It would work perfect. We both work Thursday night.
"bye Jess, you're a mess" ;)
here's to the next 3000 followers.
As soon as graduation comes, I'm gonna make #NowThatWeGraduated a Trending Topic, for sure. No one jack my idea !
Lmao that was definitely one of the highlights of BIO!
yeah me too! Hope you're doing well!
amazing! Yes!
Just called #LindsayGraham's office - (202) 224-5972 - and so far, he is ALLOWING interest rate to double in July.
...OR culture is so winking + irony-soaked that content funniness is sacrificed.I dunno.You've read Infinite Jest, I haven't.
Stop texting me!!!
RT : Anyone else notice the shot clock graphic on the court of Celtics vs Heat? When did they start doing that? | This season.
sorry I just saw em :(
Watch for a big sale coming on Monday!
Fuck it im starving myself.
GO TO CD BABY,CHECKOUT MY 2 NEW CD'S JUST GO TO MY PROFILE CLICK UNDER MY NAME AND YOUR THERE
am glad they both got away unscathed.How was the snake so lucky to catch you unstrapped?
Don't get too worried. They're little worse than mosquitoes, IMO.
What a great birthday I had .. So blessed.. Cant wait till next weekend though to celebrate again with all the rest of my friends .. <3
starts at 6 right?
what are you doing?
I bet!! My brother is going to school out there (Idaho) next year!! Has Cody been to Idaho yet?
Just saw "3" Tom "Run Lola Run" Tykwer's film. Pretty mind blowing good stuff.
“: Fire Away! // RT : #okstate is our featured school of week. Tweet us YOUR FAVORITE OSU sports moments.” 44-10
With 59% reporting, Wausau Mayor Jim Tipple lengthens his lead over Ed Gale, 68% to 31%
Got my new shop in Bangkok. I'll open it soon :)
Only three more days. May 12. 591 Broad Street, Newark aljirafineartauction.org
80% of Americans across all age groups feel they will get quicker response from a text message than from email, phone call, or voice message
TOMORROW NIGHT Come out to #Club58 5/17/12 #ATaurusCelebration with Music By: & Hosted By:
I cant believe how much that hurt me :(
Glad you received the magazine featuring Looking forward to getting your story in there, too.
Waiting for our Espresso machine to finally be put to use. Hopefully will get the hint...hint...hint...
Went to school at 9, left school at 9.
u jus get ghost without sayin anithing....... i felt some type of way wen i was lookin 4 u nd u was gone.......... sad fae
Celebrating my wonderful mother-in-law's 80th today. I married into a very cool family.
Any woman that would have sex with you, I would not even let in my house. Guess there are still womwn out there for the ugly.
no lol you were just cut
A happy Mother's Day to all of the moms reading this!
Thanks, Sarah--I got the address. I'll ping you when they go in the mail, maybe post a picture first ...
I've heard there is a fake Fox News screen grab of Toulouse going around. Must be that one.
These will be mine someday...someday.
GG?...you can bet he's got multiple anon twitter accounts....this is what narcissists do
*when its time
Getting ready to start the hiring process for Balena....who is coming out on this windy day in Chicago?
The only reality TV shows I'm watching tonight involve the Yankees and Panthers.
Posters in the James Gallery look amazing! Can't wait to hear from you & tonight!
MB kicks ass, that being said, can't wait for his QnA softballs with Blazer brass
Nothing cooler then new music on The ipod and blasting it in your car:D
I see you communicate with everyone else....but me...
like in June!
I wish mike would shut up
haha... And yes, Manchester England, in the UK... Not like Manchester Wisconsin or anything like that!
Tell Ms. Johnson I said happy mothers day
Have you checked out the new photos on www.3651holboro.com
two shows in the state comming up in two weeks ... stay tuned
what's his username?
Back from White Eagle lunch break. Trying to get off the red meat. Pro tip: the Wilbur Burger with garden burger patty subbed is very tasty!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Haystacks and Chocolate Dipped Pretzels on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Amen...say it again, my brotha
I cld do this most any day but Mon- sounds fun!!!!
is the perfect #speaker for your #conference! Jullien Gordon is all about helping people live doing what they love.
still rockin it out at Bowie Town Ctr ~ even in the rain he got the store jumpin
OH MY SEXY LIAM , HOW CAN I GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME ??? -_-
Meet our staff! RT : RT: : KOBE is BEAST
With Gore in a contract year he could have a career year if he can manage to stay healthy
oh my that soo sad at least it would be a lil happier if they were taking them off lol
Best first date ever. Ill never forget it<3 Thank you
Tonight● Move the Crowd: Hip Hop Affirmations, 6:30pm – 8:30pm @ Devlin 008. Author, Mike Bruny, will explore the power of the spoken word.
