Charging my phone at the movies. I feel at home.
Encourage them to offer opinions/groupthink. Or join some who do. May be hard cuz they're friends, but its your edu #2¢
how much are tickets now that the venue has changed???
I don't believe you can. Last I knew, it was in some sort of order in which you followed them.
you can even check my old twitter and it says my name
thinking about facebook as site of folk knowledge.
The Library of Congress adds 10,000 new items to its collections each DAY! Happy National Library Week!
Sometimes I like to pretend you guys are real.
truth but once you get it all out there and your over it, it'll make your bond that much stronger
w I always feel like I miss out when I leave.
"Way to go Priya, for once he doesn't look like a mannequin in the little boys department."- Penny
Bought a bunny for Easter, but then I got way too stoned and ate all the chocolate before I could pour it on the little fucker.
trick or treater had a BOB SANDERS w/cruch and FAVRE w/sling on! LMAO
yuck no smacking of food while u eat
I know you like coffee come and experience #latte upon opening follow me to find out when and where
Had a great time volunteering with :)
Just because is wary of capitalists _and_ motherhood is no reason to imply he isn't still a
yuppers!! Still no treadmill in my damn apt! But 2 ellipitcals!
Loving so far? Let's make it better with food pairing tomorrow at 7.
13 hours to go till game time CWO
Seth is right. So many tools for journaling and curating--but is your art worthy of preservation?
I need a massagee!!
I'll be far worse than last time u saw me play, remember I've been skating in a league of Craig's for the last 4 1/2 years!!
Blowing down with two white girls <3
RT : Buy Ohio, Feed Ohio is back! We donate 10% from the sale of 75 Ohio items to the Mid-Ohio Foodbank between now & 12/31....
The US Attorney in Louisiana has just been informed that the Saints GM could listen to opposing teams in their lockeroom from 2002-04.
RT : So how were the gummy bears? #PRSMS --> Who wants to let know how the snacks were?
Whatever you do... Don't put a Hershey's Kiss in your jeans pocket, play drums for 2 hours, and then forget about the Hershey's Kiss.
No. Thank you for listening.
BMSPF~33's up! SHE MOVES SO EASILY
At children's hospital yay :)
Actually my doctor said I should try & go tomorrow and she said im not contagious. But yeah only if I feel up to it
of course. That's what we pride ourselves on.
Life is, more than anything, trash cans sitting in the last open parking spot.
I can love Alex too
Taylor Gang or have Steph Curry ankles.
I just heard if I could do it again on my iPhone and thought about you!! Hope you are doing great! Miss ya!
it was a little bit of a shock at first but nothing can prepare you for NYC haha. Sure I'd show you around.
Another year is wrapping up, reminding us that providing our Eastside residents with a place to call home, and a community of which to...
I swear this summer will be big for me.
o awesome pic!
Forgot to mention this in the press conference, but we will not be playing with nor have a defense. Useless since we'll score every time.
I'm up
RT : Woo, Go Roxanne! (She's a good friend!) :)
Grandma cooked gumbo>>>>>>
Everybody wake up!
Subconsciously, I feel inept at anything as it may seem doubtful.
When you change for the better, some niggas stop coming around.
Keep the fucking ball out of Tony Allen's hands. Morons.
Um, please take Mr. Magorium off of my pillows?
See you then!!!
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
such an inspirational quote.
Me: why do you keep so much money in your desk at school? Mr. Russo: to buy weed
because of "Caillou"!
I just wanted too see you today...
Was hoping to not have to say the same 3 words I've said for 37 yrs now but "Maybe Next Year"
2 more to 200!!! :) Help us #findacure and follow us! Do it for :)
Happy New Year Everyone!
School. -_- sleepy from watching harry potter all weekend.
Thanks. Really enjoyed it, esp hearing about your childhood.
instead i need to mindlessly memorize shit only to later forget it and then memorize it again
As much as I hate sand being in everything I own....I can't complain....:)
Sometimes I wish I could give this woman a piece of my mind !!!
Welcome! RT OH: Man, I think it's an adventure if I can match my socks in the morning.
"shaman syndrome"
Its always a sad moment when you finish the last of the Thanksgiving leftovers
no problem, bryan! that's what's buddies are for!
Welcome! Thanks for the support! Best of luck to you! Look forward to seeing you on the feed!
“: A lot of people are finally realizing that ESPN is completely worthless.” I stopped caring about ESPN when they dropped the NHL.
I hear ya. There will NEVER be a constitutional amendment that will be ratified. States, another story
Wow. 5-2. And another thoroughly Theo goal. Loving this. Just loving it. Karma, you diving cheater Bale
happy gobble gobble :)
I haven't seen it yet!
The eyes wont hide what the lips wont say
wats so good bout tha shirt....swag??
haha I know I know.
Baby i hear melodies when your heart beats.♥
watching NEVER SAY NEVER! everytime i watch it i feel so inspired! makes me realize he is a reg. kid living his dream!
at any rate the us is seeking jail time, they don't want to make him a martyr, it will only fuel the fire
Of course the one day i need to be 100% im sick
had a awesome day
can you say polynomic to a lawmaker? Carter Butts - "I can say it to anyone!" Healthy academic debate - love it!
Kaleidoscope adds more TVs to their patio and now has NFL Sunday ticket. Could be a dangerous combo...
Tonight is Kid’s Night with 99¢ Kid’s Meal and FREE mini-pumpkins to decorate at all Colorado Applebee’s!
In the mood for ramen and i have none v.v
I don't know how to be fine when I'm not.
we at right meow, not sure where we headin after
well I'm all yours then stud!
of course i will check out bubblegumboy because it is a great song and you are a great person : )
My nuts is hot
Seriously!! On a different note, are going to the beach house on #MemorialDay?
so glad my sister is going to an all girls catholic school next semester
amel larrieux and because is sholl needed them today. and they came through
#funmath Great tweets from today's K-2 teachers re: Teaching Student-Centered Mathematics! Educators... RT ur favorite! :)
is going to teach Paul Robeson's "My Answer" (1949) as part of a job interview tomorrow. Should be a blast.
"Black Gold" for the Conscious Movie this month... good opportunity to invite my baristas!
50% Boxwire Skybox Plan! Spread the word, save 50% off any plan! For a Limited Time! Discount Code: BOX2011
these headphones are a piece of shit
I wish I was sleeping :(
RT“ Sorry but if a #pisces is in love with you then we CANT SETTLE FOR BEING FRIENDS”
ugh me too. NOT a good look.
Get a U-Haul!
I'll take over!! How much?
#AmericanDad may be the meanest show I've ever seen
was just there....place was insane....tonight will be off the calbert
haha very impressed that u recognized it
I was there. I'm in DC, a few blocks from the White House. I was worried it was something much worse...
Fun with girls tonight!
If you have any winter storm photos you'd like to share, we'd love to see them! Either post them here or tag us in the photo!
Busy busy week coming up soon. Everything is happening so fast.
#holyshit- how did u know
just today?! your always adorable!!!
RT : We are excited 2 announce the website 4 the Model Systems Knowledge Translation Center (MSKTC) is now live!...
to testify next.
We got to see one of the best shows at #SXSW... of followed by be sure to check these kids out
Thanks for sharing the link to my survey! I appreciate it very much.
good strategy! would also make a good drinking game, if I were to, u know, play those things... ;)
How is life treating my dear friends?
yea..being the nice guy never works
Bummed i'm not in Hollywood at the House of Blues supporting my boys. Good thing i'll see em on Dec 11 :]
#Oklahomans should be embarrassed to allow to win their primary. Guess they want to live in a #theocracy?
Kick ass job Eagle Creek & Castelton Boot Campers this morning! don't forget about the Sat/9am/$5 bucks class!
Im hoping longer-form storytelling and serialization are experimented with
win me over<3
GRAND OPENING TONIGHT!!! Come check out The Belmont Tavern for our Grand Opening just in time for the 1st Jazz in the Park of the season!!
Ouch! Selfishly glad you forgot about that. :) Awesome hanging w you and !
Tune in tonight to 's Fri. Night Flava hosted by C-Lo! Dope mixes from your fav DJ's. The official start to your weekend!
What happens when you get access to cable TV? You watch old, terrible movies on BET like Hot Boyz starring Master P.
Don't buy COKE! Democrats needs there fraud votes! Don't buy COKE! Democrats needs there fraud votes! This COKE tastes great DemDirtBags!
Has anyone jail broke their iPhone?
high five!
"High 5ing al the fans on the way out" who are you, ?
Lunch with lo !
To become the best, you have to go against the best.
RT : We need to figure out how to circulate apps or we&#39;ll be where we are with ebooks
shit, is that tonight? I thought I couldn't make it, but then my plans for tonight got cancelled.
Getting ready for #DIRTYCASH tonight Rumor has it Mo may spin the new Malik Work single!!!
Just listened to the last #StitchIt podcast by . Little sad, but best of luck to you Meghan.
aaaaacckkkkk “: Four minutes to glory. #cf97”
It is so beautiful outside! Who wants to go lay under the stars with me? lol
#ff I would feel honored to be followed by you to also
Today at Eagle Creek Park: Get into the spirit of the season by making ornaments with natural material. $4
Be sure to follow my iPhone game !
I hate how my retail job is consuming most of my life. I need to make more money NOW but with something else.
Maybe I should rephrase - what about during the reception? I've done that with other guests. Or I think I have...
so its been good?
There's this program that you get to help people out. We're training down town in a 5 star hotel. Oh how i love perks! lol!!!!!
lol its funny to hear someone say "its mot you, its me"
Going home to study for my test & hopefully I don't get yelled at for no reason again...I really don't need it. Not tonight, not any night.
Ikr! If you hear any reasons, tell me!
Hey Gurlz I Love The Song Skyscrapper Also My Friend GRANDer_ICONiac She Has It on Replay Lol Great Job(:
"You got beef bro?!" "nah man I'm a vegetarian..."
I tried to install your forums plugin and I can't get past some error - "app/models/behaviors/utils.sluggable.php"
Woo Hoo! One of the world's top Global 2000 Advertisers now has Meteor's Tag & Trace engine deployed on their entire site!
Thanks for the RT, Tom!
#KSsynapse (UT-Southwestern) will discuss the mechanism underlying fast-acting anti-depressant effects of "Special K."
Stephanie Mandela is fantastic asset to Katonah Village Library. I thought she was MR but wld also like tooth fairy!
Wow...Florence should have at least made that call tough for the ref to make...
did u try soccer.com?
I miss my sweet boyfriend Tuesday cannot come soon enough.
Listening to Doyle Bramhall Fitchburg Street CD and celebrating a great artists music. What soul!! RIP Doyle.
your welcome.
Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.
& the 1st is really only appropriate during readings/workshops/previews.
wish we could of stayed...
not too bad, Kimberly, how have you been?
Yea, we actually did live shots there a few months ago. It's a great place!
You should follow me???(:
I added email on site for Sencha Touch 2, Free Commercial Version, but didn't get email w/ link. Open Source version download fine.
Bout to ball hard at LA Fitness with the bros
Can anyone connect me with an individual who is capable of creating an animated "How It Works" video?
I'm only saying what all the ladies were already thinking! Right? Don't you think they'll have sandwiches on the menu? :)
We Need To Go See Sexy Ass Gino!!! Up At Euclid Creek!!!
RT : Remember this about naps. They always get the last laugh.
how is that possible? :(
One of the players got knocked down ctfu
One of these days we should grab dinner, neighbor.
So...what happens when you when you didn't win the lottery but already quit your job... O_o
add cardio exercise daily :) body trying 2 eliminate toxicity, cardio speeds tht up, endorphins make u feel amazing :)
How about that Dark Knight Rises trailer before the Avengers yesterday?
School Health Day @ the Capitol!! 150 SBHC supporters going to inform and educate their Legislators!!
First day of nursing school! Feeling pretty anxious...
FYI - Jordan Swagerty had Tommy John surgery this month. I doubt he's considered one of STL's top prospects.
I suspect you are a good guy Tamcdonald!
nascar today :) then my birthday :) should be one great weekend hope kevin can win for my birthday let go
Sweet! Let's chat soon, I want to get a list of people who can participate.
In giving control, creating #leaders, most difficult thing is to resist our own instinct to take control. beating that is greatest
laa laa laa. i wanna go to the zoo. theres a special going on, and my parents won't take me..
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ?? People not following Come on guys/girls This group is amazing!! Free muffins to ppl that follow ;)
There’s no better lesson for kids to learn than to know they can rise to a challenge.
Hello, SalonRepublic! You are so quiet on Mondays, but we meet again anyway to rub down weekend-weary clients!
well let's all go tonight! :) #peanutbutterandbanana :)
Is it me or do certain gay men act unappreciative. I mean... Last time I checked. Your in Texas and I'm in Jersey. What do I have to proove?
Any #battlenations players who will let me occupy for BARS?? Help!
Rise and shine, campers!
Yes, Mars Apollo wld be grt. But issues cited with robo-astrnts (1way, ltd instrmnts) are inherent to Mars mission feasibility.
Mane I dont care what anybody says
“: NHL has hired Sully Sullenberger to pilot the media charter fight, MSG to the Rock. Seat belts, swim trunks.”
Thank you to Destiny's Child for rescuing this episode of Glee.
What's the point of being honest with someone if they don't believe you?
Time to get ready to go to #bodybuilding! #Work-Out-Wednesday starts now. *
If you love Pop-Punk be sure to check out our boys in The Fight Night! Chicago Pop-Punk at its finest
come to our show when we play in seattle? I'll give you a big hug and a Kiss even though we've never met.
Some junks should stay in their harbor
while his wife is in Denver, and Smith is leaving SF to go to Miami, so is Tim Tebow and Matt Flynn.
I GOT U
just the names not the meanings.
iM HUNGRY! WiSH S0MEB0DY W0ULD BRiNG ME S0ME CHiCKEN WiNGS! : /
Kloppenburg to announce decision on whether to concede Sup. Ct. race today at 11:00 or request judicial review of recount results
Is there an easy way to #ff from your list from an iPhone? I know I miss people that I want to include. I love you all!
thx James! Happy Friday
I hate when people say volleyball isn't a sport.
I would guess we could tell the client that it is naughty word. Seems to work with my son for a while.
THIS NUMBER IS FOLLOWING ME! .!. 🙅
sounds like a winner to me! I'm great with dogs... horrible with babies.. and women lol
Working from home the next 2 days which is nice since the weather sucks.
This. Is. Hilarious.
Thanks for the quote!
like u rent movies from a machine
Ross - OldBay is SO 70's. You need to use JO Seasoning (also from Md)
Uh oh, : RT : It's true. We'll accept & at all stores starting Nov. 1! (We already do online.)
Why do I think 'Weebles wobble but they don't fall down" every time I see the word Wobblies?
Undisputed sultan of steals, king of the lucky WS earflap cap; sending a virtual round of wawa iced tea your way boss!
One Disney character? I'm going to have several - eight whole sprites on the C64!
First attempt at a tapeless foot today. Next week the boot comes off!
I haven't. But will check it out.
What is the impact of your writing? Can be viewed by some, or can go viral. Try different avenues for publication.
Want to get home and start playing guitar
of course!
I chase perfection
I saw the show tonight on speed. You are hilarious! Keep it up, can't wait for the season to start.
unsure why that picture is tagged in your tease about child porn...
First Day Riding in Viet Nam « One World Bike Thailand
Haha I wish! It's just my way of greeting you. Meant to say it in a British accent though :)
Drove by assembly earlier to see hundreds of people waiting to welcome home our team... Love #iubb proud to be a hoosier
Can't say that I do either, sorry.
Every time they show the fans behind home plate I'm looking for that dude who's reading a book. #Yankees at
Going to the new BBQ place up the street — will report back.
A book is to me like a hat or coat - a very uncomfortable thing until the newness has been worn off. Charles B. Fairbanks
x.x -murió-
thanks for being my 4,000th follower!
Thanks so much Allie:) !!
dude so excited right now haha
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Nothing like cigarets and McDonalds on a cool winter day.
Really feeling totally bad this morning. Hoping that a handful of tweets helps.
You have to be able to face the uncertain. When you lack self-confidence you never take that first step. And you end up stuck.
Yeah. Hop off her-WAIT WHAT
Good things happening at Bedrock Lending. Keep your eyes on our tweets.
I know you're hearts been broken, but don't you give up. I'll be there yeah I know it, to fix you with love.
A realization. "With a sinister smile, he quickly vanishes down the alley," recounts , "Leonardo exclaims: Fantomas?!!"
WSM just played a snippit of "Too Much Time"
Wish I was on the plane with and her team for headed to Rwanda again. How I love that place!
so how do we win?
Should be blogging watching #Scandal instead.
feel better!
I love that movie.
hey tiff whats going on tonight. I kind of want to get out.
Yeah I like that haha :)
Hey buddy which weekend in March are you coming? My dads going to Scotland this Thurs for 2 weeks. Hope we can hang out soon!
so you'd like to work in law enforcement?
i need some sun glasses to feel sexy when i go to the beach.
Not supposed to as of now, so we shall see!
I hate sitting in the front
Inherit the Wind. Avon High School. 7:00 PM. 5 bucks. Last chance!
who's promoting today
ha ha Not dramatic about it at all!
I've learned a lot about bat technology in the last hour. Some feedback: Hybrid bats are no longer "the best", per se.
goodnight robert!
onion rings! onion rings! onion rings! cock!
Maybe takeout and Star Trek/Princess Bride/Young Victoria?
Are his eyes just as pretty and blue in person?? I'll be right over :)
Going bowling with my Baby!!!
Someone please tell Jimmy Iovine to dress his age. There. I said it.
tell him to deal. It's happening
Any boy can get a girl, it takes a man to keep one!
A huge thanks to Chris Carter for an amazing show tonight and thanks to those who came out! Second Semester Tip-Off at the Rec tomorrow
SUCH a beautiful day outside!
taco time was closed today........please explain..
If I can ever learn how to fold a fitted sheet, I will consider my life to be a successful one.
I'm Not Buying Celebrities No MF Gift 1.They Richer Than Me 2.They Dont Need It & 3.My Love/Support Is All They Need
i miss you already!
I wore a military coat with two pistols and a bowie knife prominently displayed in my red sash. It was quite a sight, I am sure.
Excited for 's big announcement. My hopes: either he's running for president or he now recommends value funds, not growth...
The show goes on
hwhehe yes it is ❤
wow my bitch, that cool....
funny! how did the pizza taste?
Results are in! New name is RogersTHAT. New pic coming too. But don't worry, still same SUPER smile!
You know what say it is. . . Twitter day! Follow me
I am officially jealous of 's Hawaii pictures.
My lesson 4 the day. Can't put out muddled expectations & not expect drama in return. Universe needs clear intentions to deliver clarity.
Ok so parents better get their kids!! Leaving gym& 9-10 yr olds flirting! Lawd I could be your mom..where's the respect?
I would have! I used to be kind of addicted to those in that I would walk to the corner gas station at midnight to get some.
Dislike 's new ad campaign. They can't come up with something more engaging & creative than "press conferences with 'real' people"?!
The Big Big Party Super Bowl Weekend
o.O GASP .! Why Would You Say That .?
you sure? I'm sure, stacy's sure, holly's sure
Congratulations ! Guess I'll be watching #americasgottalent now.
...I think if you find them, that is considered justifiable homicide in at least 15 states.
thanks for the follow hun!
thanks! And thanks for RTing.
Fuck I'm about to start exercising so much.
Jerry, which location did you visit? We definitely want to hear more and make this right. Please DM us your e-mail address. Thx!
if anyone could find my hobo closet it would be ..although he would probably just pee on it
things are getting crazy im so stressed!
oh it's being seen
Today is a new day, turn over a new leaf, don't hold grudges, focus energy on work, school, family & live life to the fullest.
{ you crazy thats to funny}
What are your predictions for today's New Hampshire primary? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
Honestly, at the end of the day there is nothing like a Black Woman.
right now on nbc Today Show reports on #ChicagoBears DE Israel Idonije supporting local students
: So sad, yet so true, but we must all admit, on Twitter talking to strangers is all we do...
Come celebrate Easter outside in downtown Tampa with & . Foodtrucks, Easter eggs, concerts & a message of hope!
congratulations to you too darlings!!!
hey sorry been inactive on here. We've actually used one similar in the past, we'll try it out again this spring :)
John Kerry must have tried to take away Biden's toy before the
A girl shouldn't have to rely on her boyfriend to feel beautiful.
First-ever bass expo offers anglers another chance to reel in some deals
retweeting = my mind is blown
I'm preparing to work at a lingerie shop I have the best advice
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!
You & planes, you have no luck! Better just get famous and charter a private jet. No smells, no babies, and fewer layovers! :P
I feel sick
blogs, twitter, facebook..using all together can add up to a working content ecosystem with major payout for brands.
U look great bro...lost tons of weight...I am trying to lose 30 lbs...any tips?
I'd adore you!
What follows are four ways to get that done
so well.. peace out
3rd time I saw the Gulliver's Travels car commercial with little people cleaning, and I still don't get the joke. I must be slow.
When u declare support 4 same-sex marriage, pls also cont supporting other forms of legal unions. Not ever1 wants to marry.
Skipped religion today. First time in like two months.. I feel bad, but theatre for social change is DEF more important.
Goal of the course not to teach programming: because it's a humanities course, not a computer science course.
Nice to see at #nascio11a. I don't agree with all of his opinions but admire his candor and thoughtfulness on
will appriciate this. RT : A #Libra may look normal on the outside but inside they are strange.
getting up at 7 in florida was easy. i don't get why it's so hard here
That was an awesome 5 minutes of OT hockey.
LMFAO I live it. I need to be careful though or I'll start doing it for real. That would be to bad too do.
Intoxicated by The Element.
Likewise! And I'm glad you recognize that it was God. He kept you here for a reason. Find out and fulfill your divine purpose.
Ohh yeah is following me ;) Ice Ice Baby
Life sucks without the one you love.
March Madness is turning me into a Twitter fiend. I may even tweet twice today.
follow back?(:
Apathy or Boredom??!!?? Pretty sure Im bored!!! UUGH
well...most guys are butt guys...? lol! ;)
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter! Thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
autotune? RT : What do , and have in common?
you two back together?
You know you are completely out of it when you leave your cell phone at home.
uh oh, they are taking your headline :( RT Déjà VCU! Different year, same Shaka Smart, just messing up brackets.
Alex and Jack are so funny
hahaha, this is my real last tweet of the night, just for 11:11♥ (: goodnite everyone!
I dislike getting on a smelly elevator
Got an awesome adjustment from feeling great! If you are in LA you MUST see him!
Telling the truth and making some cry, is better than telling a lie and seeing them smile.
UGH! SCHOOL! HATE IT! HATE IT! HATE IT!
Day 4 still no power!
Good for you for fighting for your rights! I'm so sorry you have to go through this. (No need to Tweet me back.) Praying 4 U!
Tomorrow's history lesson.... Mussolini and the Rise of Fascism.... why am I so excited???
thanks for the RT today!
a little. I got three more prescribed meds. My leg still hurts I'm still a mess
Next time you make breakfast brew, let me know! I'm not a coffee person, but turns out I'm a beer person!
this winter has just been way to long
welcome to #Indy, now that make 4 Lions/Spartans fans in this state.
Happy Mothers Day...
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. ~ Napoleon Hill
Not in a sleeping mood? See me today on LRW at 12 at night : "Mama Dearest" Russian Dolls
aha homework sucks! Lisening to eminem,
obama sucks balls chris
My head hurts. Waaaahhhh.
anybody have a bed & breakfast/hotel rec in san clemente?
It was such an honor getting to meet and her team! Her design studio was filled with such beautiful things!
Me and Aubri on chill mode
Now your just somebody that i use to know.
NYC here we come!
The link is NOT working!
Babysitting a monster... #takeanap please
RT : Three themes: Automation, Big Data, Rationalization
Over and back last night in the rain. Cars on the bridge were at a dead stop - must have been thinking . "who is that idiot on the water"
better than in front of the library?!
go follow him
Someone leave me a message. i'd like to know if anyone is even looking at my page...Thanks ken
Ryan Braun's HRs should be in the #sctop10. Especially the 2nd one where the guy with the sling caught it one-handed.
I appreciate the continuous prayers & thoughts!
Thank you and for an amazing Casino Night at ! Glad to be a part of it.
when people guilt me into sh*t ... thanks a lot ...
yeah who was tweeting last night elliot...
Little Danny just did a 6 to midnight.
Follow Friday is serious business.
New ./ poll shows that 80% if those working for cbs and the nytimes couldn't stop laughing at the last cbs/nytimes poll
so what we gonna eat??
": How's this for destruction of shareholder value: Kodak in 1997 had market value of $30bln. Today, $120mln and shrinking."
First day at planet fitness tomorrow :D Gettin ready for the summer I am (:
You're like, really pretty.
you and Billy C.
Come see The Mind Creatures Wednesday 9/28/11 at The Earl in East Atlanta!
I can't believe you put this on Twitter! That makes me look crazy! Haha.Taylor, I didn't cut myself!
It's a beautiful day in San Diego Downtown! Come by sit on our sunny/dog friendly patio, and enjoy a tasty torta. Provecho!
Those people that you just wanna slap so bad -_-
Dont make me wait!
You do know there are lots of movies and tv shows on there. And a free book a month.
Bearcats lost the first game vs McLennan 5-1 and lost the second game 14-6. Thank you to all the fans that came out to support the team.
that's whats up! Thanks for showing the love!
u suck :p
diving deep into a grounded theory project. feels goo.....
congrats dude, it's an awesome feeling.
lol sorry, I didn't see that mention!!! And I do like Nicki, but I just was really busy when that album came out
Yes. I'll image entire drive on extHD & backup server alone, too, along w/my MS ADP front end. Sensitive data, so will encrypt
Lots of great book/librarian related bling on Pinterest...
Hi Veronica! Thx for the question. We cant make guarantees of car locations unless your tenant makes a reservation. DM us!
Worked on my redesign today. What did I get done? I kerned the title. #slowredesign On the upside, lettering.js + kern.js are awesome.
Sexy Halloween costumes can showcase your daring and fun side
we need a song bro. OH!!! I got it.. Crazy Car by NBB ;D
Thanks for the follow! Singledom is a great opportunity for self-transcendence and meeting someone exceptional.
I wanna go get another haircut :o
I think May 14th or 15th but I'll make sure for you.
What the hell are you doin this is the #WorldSeries u sould quit smokin the dank before you pitch in the game. Str8 Dumb Ass
HAHA, DYINGG. Thank god your tweets are protected right now.
On the road again
Good morning babies!
Happy National Coffee Day. Coffee is like the Force: it surrounds us, binds us and if u hav enough u can kill people with mind bullets.
I said to him I tell u this everytime he said yeah and you almost get smack everytime bt I gota stop and think this kassandra I'll let it go
I am so busy. But not too busy for you!
Didn't know that. Is that true?
Hi ! See you in the morning, pretty lady. That is all.
Have a great time here.
This is the point in the game where UVA chips away at the lead to tie the game and fans' hopes flutter bfore losing by 3 in the final 10 sec
WTF. Just got a huge timeline full of & and they are like... retweeting each other. WTF. About to unfollow...
#ifpokemonwasreal I would be like the worst trainer ever
yeah he got hacked!! Got one 5 min ago but he's right here, driving. Lol
i love you! please follow me, im a #smiler for lifee! ♥
Who was that up before taylor swift?
Abrams, how do we align?
If everything works out, I will have the opportunity to hire one eLearning developer in Pittsburgh. I will post the link when I know.
Hey bearded bandanna boy! You might want to consider washing those #Tevas every once in a while!
Sure, that would be great! Come and grab me anytime. I will join the eMarketing & Mobile Track tomorrow
Really pissed off Rite now
DUB Locks music video in the making!
I think battle of the GPAs will be if plays Stanford. PS, I liked your top yesterday, very vibrant.
Where to, madam? RT : . take me away!
This shit is for the birds.
i love you babe <33
RT #Leo's are probably the most loving and caring out of all the signs, but do them wrong and they'll do the same to you x10.
It's always nice to find other fans at work. And it's even better to hear them shout #GoKings as I walk away. :)
Let's go !
Take a break from it all and get some rest, my friend
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealo
What is up with traffic on Sunday morning?!
What we call the beginning is often the end and to make an end is to make a beginning - #ts Elliot happy new year everyone
I don't know, it disappeared one night.
Batanga summer 2007 when #LPC24 won first place at the stroll competition!! Great times!
Down at Bracken County High School performing the never ending PR hustle. The river looked #fantastic! On the water this weekend for sure.
Metta World Peace isn't suspended 7 games, but Ron Artest is.
#FF for great dining out info in NOVA!
yes they do
I checked him out, he's totes got a foot/shoe/leg fetish.
#Google Drive Terms of Use seem to grant Google a license to use user-uploaded content. #DropBox may have less to fear than suspected.
Understating Your Kitchen Remodeling Budget......go to www.blackforestremodelingandtile.blogspot.com January Specials Available!
Movie no. 3 has begun, Step Brothers
Last week of school. Can't wait for Friday to get here.
i lied nevermind but r u legit ? like r u serios!
Ugh gotta get up early for work
is a G always! Hahaha
My little sister is probably the biggest brat ever.
your welcome
If you WAGER $200 or more in one of our SB's for the KD, you will receive an Entry into Next Year's KD R/T for 4 Contest. Just email info!
#Moddleschoolmemories The 2 boys who bullied me:/
Finished the first season of in a late night - afternoon marathon. Absolutely fantastic.
Whats good fam! It's ruckus from follow back and let me kno what I can do for u!
Leg. Today at 630: Senate passes cracker bill, with House filling vacancies plus report on succession resolution
Hope Bojangles enjoys all that free press I got them today. They should thank me by giving me FREE BO-BERRY BISCUITS 4 LIFE!
Two words: Mad Men!
Looking fwd to the premiere of my new score, Needles in My Flesh, commissioned for bassist/singer Kalina Goudeva, in Copenhagen next month!
Get a few shots off today. Take some video of someone or something (maybe a vehicle of some sort) approaching. Keep that camera steady. Wow!
Yep, they all had the black sharpie
Did i really just download a torrent at 5 megs a second at work...wow
I either want a yellow fiesta or a new focus. They're so cute and good on gas. :)
"The last of the human freedoms is to choose one''s attitude in any given set of circumstances.-Victor Frankl
RT : Need a change of scenery from your drab office? Work for free at this Mon-Fri! With a mermaid!
I JUST SAW 1D!!!! NIALL WAVED!!!
Geeking that i got a job
Fiona Apple tickets...MINE! Yeah!
We love your attitude! We all definitely need tot keep that confidence in ourselves or we will undoubtedly fail :)
Marriage equality bill to be debated by the full House tomorrow.
Omg n his ghetto ass mama calln my phone startn shit. Another reason I'm glad my bf went home lol
Good and you?
Women tend to compromise when negotiating,don't give up to much of what u want when negotiating : w/ #womnegotiators,
So nice to meet you today! Hope you enjoyed lunch.
Okay.. really going to run now. Later!
Masterbuilderz on Groupon! Just hit last night!!!
re: Pink Floyd. I've been DVRing Fallons show all week. The Shins & Foo Fighters were really good.
Glad to see you on twitter Ann. Hope all is well.
Agreed Sony has stepped it up, yet If you ever shoot L series glass on a full frame sensor, there's no comparison.
slow laptop
actually that's. A great idea. For motivation
TY...very well! >10 yrs now. I hope the same for you!
When you're able to love yourself, you can love others. Because you've learned to love someone the way s/he is.
thanks you so much! That means a lot to us. Check back in a couple days for the site!
My main focus, trying to figure out how to reach more customers in a very limited market. Cafe is in private retirement community. Hm?????
Be sure to check out tomorrow's for a special little something from us!
Time for school :)
#KeaMoe? Who is that?
I think it's really blows that Northwestern isn't on TV here in Chicago today.
HoMe AlOnE
Love it when we can have live music at our sessions!
I honestly have no idea. I just got contributor copy yesterday. Doesn't indicate there will be on site, and that's all info I have.
back in action after a long and lovely weekend and looking for rails developers!
Playing Fontana's tonight at 7:30pm in NY.
Please do! Thanks!
yo, cuz, what's she doing here?
Nothing like a rocking show to put ya in good mood!!
This class with be the death of me
I can't believe is at a Jewel in #Chicago at this very moment! Pretty mindblowing!
oh no!! Be safe. Take the frog suit with you.
I haven't seen these yet. Will definitely be on the lookout. yum.
looks great!
age is just a number
I do mostly leads, although I write rhythm as well. What about you?
Good morning
shocked that a women who neglected her child gets off with just lying. how can she live with herself.
keep watching. You'll add vodka, gin, and whiskey to the mix.
#3WordsForYou EAT.A.DICK
Holy shit, just nailed a hole in one on golden tee.
Hope you wore something warm!
Can you please follow me?
It's great to have #options but at some point you have to #choose ONE!
god! I hope all of these people read these.
ahh today at lunch got a speeding ticket!!!:o
I was up nice and early and ready to go... until I fell asleep. Typical Katie Edge move.
#Rockies Cuddyer launches 6th grand slam of career. Rox up 4-0 in first. Three slams on this homestand for Rox.
Joshua is over the top- Steven; that's an understatement
I don't like having a history class with no text book or point of reference.
yup I really do!!
...more ADR for NBC's TRAUMA today!
Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for ci
at my aunts house ah had her kid yesterday :)
Ready for the drama and the divas
Partly cloudy skies tonight & a low of 40. Monday will be breezy, seasonable & partly to mostly cloudy with the chance for a few showers.
Making something easy to share is not at all the same as making it worth sharing.
yeah. I don't want to call names but that's rude.
i would be pretty okay with it if the only music i was allowed to listen to was drake and lil' wayne collaborations
Protesters reconvene outside schlotzsky's with permission from local businesses. Come join!
GuRlS ArE LiKe StArZ, ThErE ArE MiLlIoNs Of ThEm, BuT OnLy *1* Can MaKe YoUr DrEaMs CoMe TrUe!
GOOD MORNING VA. IM BOUT TO DROP THAT VA BAE MUSIC VIDEO IN A MINUTE.. LIKE MY STATUS IF YOUR READY
calling all arts educators - let's do it big in 2012 for youth!...partnership, collaboration, etc.
I thought seeing you hit off the path at 18 was thrilling & was a great effort. Keep up the great play, Mr. Na!
I'd like to stay in the game... Can I have through the weekend?
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
I need help trying to woo a Canadian. All I can come up with is: I like you like Lester Pearson liked maple leaves. Help!
Hahaha I don't have anything against either of them except for Jack annoys me sometimes
Tune in at 11am via kcrlive.com - we'll be discussing your concerns + more.
wow, seriously "UX Writer" is a real job title. It's official, the whole "UX___" job title thing has gone too far.
check out my quick little show about my new ocarina!! :)
Tune in tomorrow 8AM to Que Buena radio 94.3 FM to hear our Community Wealth counselor, Elba Serrano, talk about foreclosure prevention!
Reflect on
is home after my third Irish Fest meeting. Milwaukee Irish Fest. Love it. Live it 366 days in 2012.
thanks for the follow! If u need models lmk! :)
Live fast, and Die young
Lowkey..my math teacher can get it lol.
hippies are ten times better than hipsters.
This is so dumb, no one even went too reconcile, you give us the option, we ain't going!!.
I think you mean "thorough"...LOL!!
Heat always double team when they losing. Watch out this our game.!! We gone fck the city up!!!
we wasn't talking but when my dad told me it was the Friday they were leaving
#Leaving flatining iron for my natrually curly hair.:))
im getting "tuff love" with a heart in the place of the 'o' tatted on my knucks soon<3
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. ~ Winston Churchill
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
As REM put "Don't go back to Rockville."
Its april fools day crazy thing is I didn't even realize it
I actually heard the Bernie thing from your mom, but Dean Buell apparently had a heart attack in a club over the weekend.
RT if u will hlp me get followers
And so it begins. Whitney scores!
Wow celtics are on a big run right now
virile grass often sleeps just beneath the surface of dirt blanketed lawns, waiting patiently for hard rains to nudge her awake
#dtc354 great story ideas from our class. who will be the winners? only time will tell...
..preciate the follow
Wish everyone would just get along here.
happy birthday Sammy!
If I go I will.
Kickass dude. Congrats!
Did a #FF for and once, then realized these are the nicest people on here. Don't say you know them
mine too! It's so good!
I love my mommy ! :-) <3 Don't know what I would do if she wasn't here. :-)
Definitely! 7:30 at Kaladi's still work for you?
Ready for zumba! 💃
I appreciate everyone that has been listening to my songs on reverbnation.com..keep me moving up the charts! Thank you all.
My latest obsession - the weird, scammy fake? real? Instagram accounts popping up. Why post bad text graphics begging for followers?
haha. That's funny
u will be fine it aint that much runnin
Come see us tomorrow at the Muskego #PolarPlunge for #SpecialOlympics for some #FREE prizes! Text PLUNGE to 30364 for last minute event info
#ucla double dip this afternoon. Either a great way to ring in 2012 or good riddance to 2011. , ,
Yes! We have a few diehard people that still want to party this weekend. We'll keep going until it snows or under 32.
it's april 20-22, and april 27-29! I have three tickets that aren't being used for Sun. the 22 if you guys would want them!
No. Wondering how it fits into #contraception debate RT : yours specifically?
XMAS UPDATE: We will be recording a new song next weekend in a mansion in San Diego. It will make a nice stocking stuffer for all you clowns
lol true let me know if you think of anything(: n omg it says D-Pryde's performing too :D
Change the world with your words! Let's give the power and joy back to the authors and creators of the stories we all know and love!
Edmodo requires no email address, so I feel it's better for younger kids.
Missed out on PA3 with 's too bad, I had myself prepped to sleep with the lights on all next week
if only #treygrahambirthdaybreak became a trending topic...
Roberta Flack equal genius
Thank you to all the new followers.
I was just thinking the same thing. No reason to worry about undefeated just focus on play offs. Its been justified.
Happy New Year to you and Karen. Wish you both all of Gods blessings and good luck for this year and ever!! ;@)
RT : BREAKING: We now hv on tap! We have 1881 American Red & the Capt. Black IPA.
reapplying to college, woo
The sense of smell is the strongest memory trigger. What do certain scents remind you of? Grandma's kitchen? Your garden? The ocean?
Fastest national anthem ever #sharks #canucks wtf canada?
I once dreamt of flowers big as clouds they soared above me like parade floats:)))) dream iconic
love it. We're gonna get some great
That's fair. Would you agree that the new "Dr. Who" has somewhat of an old school feel?
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
I really want to go...but I'm a Mush... I'm afraid I'll make them lose...
Florida, but it seems so cool because you can get your degree in two years...
Must be old, both Dana and I miffed by the 10pm start time of Citizen Cope. Ticket said 8pm. Sleepy, must find coffee.
good girl!!
Got off work two and half hours early. Maybe today is getting better!!
I Hate how people think just cause I got a job I got money like that or to blow
Had a real chat with stranger where they weren't in a hurry to be elsewhere. She was from Newport Beach and we talked surfing and travel.
Just cause You Rap it up Dont Mean you Can Fuck everybody
Leave the yesterday in the past..leave the future for tomorrow..but live today as if there was no tomorrow..
“: #sometimesyouhaveto accept that it's time to move on. If all the signs are there then drop the dead weight” :)
Save Your Home author Anna Cuevas on Next
So the main takeaway from HBO's 24/7 is that why is no one booking Bryzgalov on all talk shows always
We do pick ups...need it moved and sold? yeah thats us!
hopes #Obama grows a set soon, like tomorrow night...it's getting so hard defending his weakness
"Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble." Matt.6:34
Who said it? "An artist is an art lover who finds that in all that he sees, something is missing . . ."
Whenn is this gonna happen? Lol
300 followers?! Holy shit thanks guys!!(:
Great meeting w/ Norman Kerr, VP of CITY Project violence prevention program. Similar goals 2 productively train/equip youth
well the one of ampersand you did for my wife has been hanging in our office for two years and I smile every time I see it, so :)
So excited that and are in Saturday's St. Patrick's Parade...must be why the forecast is 55 and sunny!!!
on that u-stream I was just looking at. Had an old CRT on a table. Buncha folks around it.
Hi Ann sorry I missed you today! Were you there? If so, hope you had a good conference...
that country is wild. we had too much fun while we were there. who are you going with
I do pretty much all types of fitness, from weight lifting to running, to beach body workouts. The Turbos, The Insanities
Excited about potentially being a contestant on Ridley and Tony Scott's new show Shooters! Hope to hear!
& are the most amazing/tallented aussies! and my biggest inspirations! #AUSSIESRULE! <3
I'M BACK LOVES<3 sorry for the long hiatus!!!!
my friend says u did cuz she told u on fb. But it didnt sound like u.... Idk
good grub and for sure, but not quite the same.
You're so adorable!
Ajkfdjnewjkgnre he looks so gorgeous
what it do???
I wanna buy a Dress to my mummy><haha
is Starting to write Out... Christmas Cards.
The shop as been moved back to Ohio, and is currently undergoing a refit, we hope to have production on-line in 2 weeks.
Yesterday, Dwayne Wade said he thinks players should be paid to play in the Olympics, but changed his tune today after the backlash.
and also with you
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay i really like your camo pants, camo shirt, camo shoes, camo jacket, and camo backpack. that's really cute.
that shits pretty dope bro!
Anyone have tips on acquiring the bowling badge on foursquare?
Expecting doors to OFFICALLY open for business around April 2011 - incorporation and website should be finalized by then :)
How can you tell if someone who's having a temper tantrum is on the phone? You get a tizzy signal!
12/24 & 12/25 - $60/night .....at CAESARS PALACE visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com also follow us on facebook for more updated info
I am so blessed. I have an awesome family, awesome friends, awesome grades, and an awesome guy who makes me happy :)
got the Nano watch as a gift from Mrs. C...I'm now hip, cool and with it.
Watch the videos from the concert on 2/26/12 Orlando,FL House of Blues at 7:30 pm <3 (': good timmess .
Sitting on the 30th floor of the Viacom building!
Anyone else flying in from ATL this morning?
I cannot believe this shit
what would we do w/o ESPNU? I'm sure the 5 other ppl that watched were grateful.
Today I'm allowed on Facebook again. I was on there for about 5 minutes and relized how stupid it was and came right back to twitter <3
Getting off of work and gonna sleep for a while ... I'm for sure tired!
Once a person has wronged me, they gotta work double to re-gain my trust. Otherwise, I cut them off completely w/ no hesitation.
Got it, thanks!
I AM Greater..
lol always the best place to shop :)
glad to see keeping it classy and being sociable with the home fans, keeping the fans happy is key :D
- did you get your package?
I am out too late and want to say to many things to too many ppl. Let me digress
I dont like people who cant state the truth
The Way I See it: Front door sends a message
great commentary. Let's hope the gap gets smaller on race fuel p.s Please ask Webber not to crash into Lewis this year!
i still rove once in awhile, but i like the idea of trying a more regular pattern then "who & when we want" *g*
um I don't even know what that is, so possibly not :)
Ive been trying to be positive for so long that I forgot how to live a life thats real!
Good Morning cousin 😘
Thanks for RT of Didn't know about this resource. Always looking for new ways to get my afterschool kids writing.
Is it me or is instagram being a piece of shit today?
Wow this is really amazing. I'll post it and absorb it later. Thanks for posting.
I have entry level opportunities in Poughkeepsie and Albany-send your resume over: !!
Oh, goodness. If only. If. Freaking. Only.
new twitter profile picture? I think yes!
I just shipped the $200 second chance tournament. Chopped it with James Hoeppner.
Please let the Cavs have a win tonight!
Veterinary Chiropractic works for any patient with a spine, bones, joints and muscles. Call us today to learn more!
You & Everyone else!!! RT": Bickell: "I need to put the body on the defense. Hopefully it will wear them down.""
Miss State over Kentucky good game going on.
Hey...hope you gettin ready for joyful holiday season!!..ONE WISH wud be art from from both Mom and Daughter!! ..INSPIRED!!!
yes, witness media archive reunion!
I'll be there! So is it like club attire or what?
Started w/ Birm in the nPower... But haven't yet tried a points deduction squad
Told him how I feel and he feels the same way<3 my heart is finally filled with love
US radio needs to start playing on the radio like now. She so deserves it and her song RAWKS!
Grand Opening of The Belmont Tavern this Thursday, June 2nd!!
👏👍☺u have been accepted . Welcome to gordosanonymous
#Bored Reading the #HungerGames..... Again -_-
Thanks for following the DECA club at Washington State University! We are still establishing our page, but please #follow!
just saw justin bieber on ellen
The renaissance is complete! Hell of a season, Wolverines!
right around the corner from us! It sounds like a fun event!
I guess, I have to mention >>>>> for him to reply a greeting ..
This Holiday Season came out of nowhere!
I'm so sick of this teacher !!
Owned. <claps> #LAKings #Coyotes RT : Jeff Carter scored thrice; Doan and Hanzal were not nice; Howlers on thin ice
Playhouse tonight for Monday Night Social w/ Michael Woods Get on the list ! 818.602.7979
Broncos are saying they're 95% sure he's going there. I guess we'll see.
There's always that one guy in class who thinks he knows more than the teacher...
so you're like one of five over there? We're in 229
Can't wait to be roommates next year at Ohio State! It's going to be awesome!
heyy make my day nd follow me ? I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART!
Love in my crew
just let me know ASAP how many you need :) I hope you can make it!
I cant add im blocked you can add me though!Lisa Marie Leal (Demisa Devarie Leato)
sorry. Crazy week. Will send link soon.
Blum explores how the political discourse of religious damnation & labeling opponents as Satan became codified during Civil War
"Why don't i call/text anymore?!"... The phone works both ways, try it out."
Earlier today, I texted my therapist "K, ttyl!, Xoxo". If that's not a cry for help, then what is?
Elway: Without a doubt, Tim Tebow is our number 1 quarterback... going into that initial hour of next summer's training camp!
where tha party at?
Shoutout to Entire "DMV" I Respect Yal Movement! Where Yal At? Make Some Noise......
I'm a mac guy, but my client needs a free ftp client for windows. Any recommendations?
Dance tomorrow(;
true, but goes back to telling people what they wanted to hear in'07-'08 to get elected. Also, minorities like TP in anti gay
Anyone try CS6 Yet? I typically skip versions, so I'd go from CS5 to CS7, but I'm tempted to try CS6.
I dance a triple essence :) it's in Brooklyn
Looks like they have merged the wall and the profile and called it the timeline. Still hasn't rolled out for me yet, though.
Sorry no horse picks today. Locked in to our Soccer and Golf wagers.
Im Sleepy Grr:O
I need 100! Help me out TKC!
same here
New police search fri and sat for missing NJ girl will be area where her car was found running in park.
I'm from Mississippi!.(: #mississippiswag #mississippideezygirls (:
Lol...yea its freezing in Florida right now ha. :-)
Is a convicted felon currently in prison really pulling 40% of the Democrat Presidential primary ballot in West Virginia?
ahh can you guys come back to houston soon?! :(
So good to see you today! I just got a preview of the video and you look cute as bug. xo
Join us as we welcome a new exhibit "One Woman's Dream: The unfolding legacy of Evelyn J Frazier / Mar 6-May 26 in APEX Learning Center.
AMEN to that.
actually it's a doody so your close
Oh yeah. Remember Valdes' give-away to Little Buddha, what, 4 seasons back? Almost sank the title.
Rules: 1. You must be a member (you can still sigh up) 2. You have to be local 3. You have to refer 2 friends to follow us 4...
Tomorrow on the show... Magician , , tickets to see Courtney Hole at the Ames, and of Sel de la Terre
Real disappointed in you. I'll get over it though
Run, Forest, run!
only gone 3 days. I like my p&s bc I can manually over ride everything. But what if I find something spectacular?!!
Knows the UES literary underground. Snuggling up with my illicit finds even as we speak.
N-n-n-n-new song coming soon! Sorry for the delay!
Doh. Thanks for letting me know!
how wtf I said hey your like don't touch me !
Just wrote a speech that I'm giving in an hour...en français...
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. 七転び八起き
and those hours don't count if you're sleeping lol
soo bored anyone mad that in the nine lives of chloe king bryan n jasmine died n her mom n chloe lost a live damn ma people died :( :S
Okay mom...you know I love you...but I can't accept your friend request on Facebook.
Glad you enjoyed the butterfly release -- see you this Saturday at the !
come home!!!! I can keep u company!!
Outrageous! Still wish I could afford it.
These guys are really good at parking their wheelchairs on the bus. Makes me feel bad for being terrible at parallel parking.
You were right, it's never to late to change.
Happy New Year!! Have a safe and #Sassy evening!! Be #Savvy and show us some #Soul tonight #RVA!! Viva la 2012!!!
Who wants to go to Dunkins?
esperanza spalding, that was beautiful
Tri-City takes a 3-2 series lead, beating the #Chiefs 5-3 in Kennewick. Spokane will face elimination at home Monday at 7:05 in Game 6.
Kroger is threatening to not pay an 18 year old student who made a 10,000 dollar half-court shot at the UK Game
Holy fuck this potato soup is tha bomb.
Love it! Great title. I can be a guest blogger. LOL...
It's getting real in the wegmans parking lot.
Problems can't be solved with the same thinking that created them. Take another look, shift thought and change your approach....
im not sold on dom or mayberry as everyday players, Need to bring in guys who can work a count, hit, score
get it girl!
haha. I hope it wasn't too schadenfreude. More of "well what else can we do but poke fun at ourselves" moment. ;-)
Yeah not my favorite method to dissect complex issues. There was a new power point at last meeting.
right on! Why ATL?
what you tryna make me do ugh its not friday yet
i love everybody no matter how they are.
I bet Santa feels the same!
Christina Ricci is so fucking small in person I had to google if she had a chihuahua to make sure it was her.
I had an event w/ the in support of the foundation. It was lovely. Really fun event, love hanging out w/ the team
we have a great team. It's an exciting and fun process!
Twitter is like dead today, where is everybody?
Tonight's Drink Special: The Totoro! Hypnotic, Hennessy & 7-Up over ice w/ fresh blueberries for only $7. It's nice & neighborly!
Look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids but I don't wanna know 'Cause shit I like suprises.
it hurts to make my elbows touch...
ATTENTION ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS!!! GO FOLLOW MY PRODUCER ==>> HOTTEST PRODUCER IN JAX!! THAT'S ON EVERYTHING!!
So where was this decadent italian meal? (It was good meeting you on Saturday at #pnwds)
Cant wait till tomorrow! #Excited Night ! [:
I didn't think it was possible but I actually went to sleep before 9:30 and slept all night.
It's one of those days.
Hanging out with Tom Evans... we are hanging his awesome stencil art for his show Sat. Its looking good!
I will never go back to eating processed foods or sugar
One day, i caught myself smiling for no reason, Then i realized i was thinking of you.
Go die, NEW new Twitter.
Follow me? Please I know u r busy but can u please take time out of yur day? To I feel really bad It, would make my day
Look out for new updates! We will be launching our new website soon! SO EXCITED!!!
yes ma'am,
A6 Get on a path to greater agility & alignment w/sales & biz leaders
Thanks for the
the price for a custom theme would be somewhat dependent on the scope of work. You need some work done?
How very considerate of you, thank you. :)
Our goal at Groves is to personalize our services to allow each resident to maintain a dignified way of life.
very cool... thanks for following. I need to get you connected to .... the event looks interesting.
me and my boyfriend are having problems :'((
Thanks for the Rts & mentions!
Can I be Katniss for Halloween&someone else can be Peeta?
had fun at shellys<3 and omg i met
I'm glad see anther NORCAL PACKER FAN
The Ford Center - like "the" editor! : yep send complaints to He made the call on that one.
easily the longest day of my life.
All I want is a milkshake
A man’s worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions. – Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
WTH is going on? Do you have a poltergeist or something??
I kinda feel like being unproductive today..
Please don't delete me, Rosalie. I only have 10 followers....
thanks much. i just read the lurie piece, the one without the journalistic opportunism.
Looking for an accredited program to get your LMFT? Look no further! check us out! www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
don't talk to me about coupons.... two for one deals....!
New shirts are on the way!
try not to be predictable. surprise people...tell not the same story everyone has told (perez-luna)
Everytime I come out, movie in the making!
thanks for the follow!!
RT : The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes" (Marcel Proust )
Pat Byrnes puts up 2-0 with 8:34 to go in the first quarter.
Everything is groovy. ✌
I hate sat tens
Mostly worse. lol
I’ve told you where I stand. Now it’s time for members of Congress to do the same.”—President Obama on the
International consensus - #arbitration is not necessarily cheaper for the client than adjudication.
Last day of school ima twerk on the walls Nd recorded.
I told my little sister I would take her to the park if she cleaned up.. I'm really not gonna take her.. But atleast she believes me.
The Parent Trap is always so good.
when is an outlet not an outlet? When it is a power station!
I lost my virginity to a snickers bar, it didn't satisfy me.
Cupcake Jones is proud to be a sponsor of the Taste of the Nation event!
Outdoor Spaces Opens New Office in Leesburg, VA, Welcomes New Landscape Designer
new cut has added a lil more sexy to the edge. Pretty good at what she does too, the dramatic pause and all
I hate it when my two favorite singers argue about things that shouldn't matter anymore :(
Young adulthood has rather nonspecific boundaries, but its beginning is marked by the end of adolescence, ...
I meant next weekend Mar 1-4
GO DAVE GO!!
we start back to the show this week. 12 more perfs to go.
Closing in 1 week Carol Lopatin's vibrant "Coast to Coast" paintings. Convenient location near all DC Metro lines.
Happy Valentine's Day movie lovers!!
yo 2k12 motto should be "cut the check YANDY" Fast!!!
I go back though and the 70's and 90's shared many paralell lines, artistically. The 90's was the last time media was fresh
lol I hope he comes back on son! And isn't he following you? LUCKY
They didn't show Newark and me at #xfactor.Hope for tomorrow.
Whos going to hang with me on Ustream today??(:
": Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Ha, yup!
RT : Mayor Barrett's campaign issues a release "challenging" Gov. Walker to 4 debates over next four weeks leading up to election.
It needs an occupation to try to put pressure on the government to focus on giving it sufficient funding (money)
thank her and I r home sick :(
nahh, you OWE me a lil sum'n sum'n :)
RT : Goin to tonight? Come hang w/ us at Blackbird Studios for art show! He's amazing!
oh yea
Any chance you can close your mouth when you're chewing your gum on the subway?
I like the contrast of your door with my door hanger. I look good on your house!!!
Enjoying the ease of updating status multiple places from one interface.
Happy Anniversary!! Today marks 60 years here at Emergency Arts, well it had to have a few lives before us...Thanks to Pennys!
its just our personality... Lol
You need less when you know more ;) x
may miss my first badger home game since'99,., as we are setting up a bus trip to st. Louis to see the
Love when my mac crashes
My library needs a better collection of e-books.
boutta get HIGH as three skies ^_^
Because there's nothing better than ending a summer day floating on a lake while sipping a Firefly cocktail
hahahaha that is hilarious!! : P can't wait for your birthday-- side note lol
doing good...thx! I will follow you back tomorrow reached my follow limit.
I like ISO 8601. Way more than My Funny Valentine.
how are you tho miss me yet...
Thank you so much ! You're awesome!
just playing off the headline. we love Portland. it's a tease for our arts marketing convention coming in 2013 too
Did you know you can import a karaoke track into garageband and then record your own lead vocals. This is an amazing way to see where ur at!
i want a tweet from so badly. :'(
feel better, definitely hope to see you out there this weekend.
"There's no justice in baseball, there's just us." - Dan Plesac on the firing of Mickey Hatcher
uh dont be driving sleepy shit .
Congrats to "The Bold & The Beautiful" for winning Outstanding Drama Series for their storyline about the homeless!
well one of my law school profs lost his race to replace my old law school prof
The Beautiful View band & Amy live on for a preview of next Sun.'s North Park Festival of Arts...
5K this morning at #lululemon then
Quick synapses of book?
2011 Taxes: Done!
Well, that reminder is a relief, :) Thanks for sharing Hypatia's wisdom.
Bottle service at ... 4949 Lounge...this is where we bring you another cold Budweiser that you can afford...haha
my leg's been hurting.. i wanna go back in my boot
Damn idk wats to do this winter break. Bout to be dry af'
I'll cuddle w/u..
I have a very steady hand if you'd like documentation of this event. All you gotta do it let me know. Sounds like a solid plan. .
Get everyone on the same page and have a process for each interaction for maximum customer service and sales opportunities.
Adobe's CFO just made me laugh out loud. He's the first CFO from any company to do that!
- Ouch. I thought I was worth it.
Red light green light ima rep da bean right
Any good lead gen bloggers to follow?
so was ellen page.
Just mistakenly clicked the wrong button & discovered a new capability. To err is awesome.
you got it, man
Multi Grain Cheerios for breakfast, lunch & dinner. I can't get enough! 😍
I stuff you in my Trunk...Drunk, Cuhz all I really wanna do is fucc and snort....
Judd Apatow tweeted about wanting new podcasts to listen to. You should tweet him! I did, too. :)
Money is Nothing. How you Flip it is EVERYTHING.
When people pronounce the 't' in 'often' <
Tony Stark could out drink any of the Avengers even Iron Man
Originality is the key to freedom. You have to turn the lock yourself to open the door.
Getting ready for the Olive Branch next Friday March 5th
Oakland PD is hiring, qualifications: Must have big enough balls to take on women and unarmed peace protesters.
Oh my gosh. I hate being sick at work. Dayquil is where it's at today
Obviously you missed Ray Rice throwing a TD. Don't be discouraged though. The world needs ditch diggers too.
So what's the deal with Tracey Ross' eyes? They look they're falling out the sockets.
lol kick ass, will do
flora said what ur mom said? are u gonna come?
it's game day! Bring it!!
Are u serious?! I missed ustream?! 
Got off my cell and checked the interwebz's story on ; sucks, man! #GetWellMiranda ... Soon!
life is a box of chocolates. You never know what your gonna get
Lets Go, Make Sure Yall Check Us Out & Follow
Pacers looked good
I have tasted pumpkin flan and it is autumn exploding in slow motion, with sugar on top. Thank you and Chicks with Knives.
At the beach, perhaps the only urge stronger than the desire to build a sand castle is the desire to smash a sand castle.
Can't wait.. See you in 30 minutes Faker fans
i wish i could meet justin bieber ):
Welcome back! How was your fun in the sun??
why so many pushy, impatient patrons? i am sorry that your crisis is not mine.
I don't wanna leave either :(( but I gotta #whereareyou??
Down to my last five studies to include in the edldr roles/resp/practices section of chapter 2. Can't believe what they are expected 2 know!
till next year mite not cum back
I think i'm in over my head
It taunted us, I'll have you know.
Bored at work. Play me if you dare #DRAWSOMETHING username: fredsterz
Shiller specifically said he was *not* predicting that, but it may be a possibility. He makes good points in that video.
#sincewebeinghonest #noonecares about your 100,000 followers...We get it!! You're a Media Whore!!!!
Is she bringing you?
lol- they are just preparing you for the new economy
Back on bus 26 to Fremont. TGIF everyone!
he picked up on a poll we put up that was (we think) being gamed by bots....
just said, "maybe my life is more major now" (as opposed to a minor key) on WNYC with
Is it a mark of progress and wide acceptance for green/clean tech that I'm now getting spam emails for solar panels?
let us know if you do and thanks!
A passing baby just sneezed on my foot. Ba.
For anyone who watched in real time/on DVR, did Weight Watchers advertise on MAD MEN last night? Need to know for research. Thanks!
Excited to have you tonight outside at ..Yummy food and Bhangra!
can u please follow me? :) I love ur music
(i.e.Mike Piazza)
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation. ~Oscar Wilde
RUMBLEBOS is presale password for royal rumble
What if #100K was invested in 750 different theatre communities solely to market the work already happening there to the public?
Where is the best place in LA to take agency workshops so they can see my work?
The look on people's faces when I start speaking Urdu.
And I'll try not to sing out of key :) <3
thanks yes that would be great ;)
i might be going to see 1D onmy birthday next year<3
yeah, heard what happen glad everyone is cool.
Done working out at the gym. Now for some scenery on the bike.
well. When I move from Ohio to Cali. You and faitheypoo are my bestfriends. That's all I'm gonna say(:
interactive storytelling panel is the best panel i've attended, well organized and planned. good process to emulate
At Five Guys in Aiken SC. Masters tomorrow!
#TuesdayTwoCents What events do you want to see CitySwarm host this summer?
On our way to Emlenton, PA to lead worship for a women's retreat this weekend!
There is no cheering for your fantasy team when the VIkes are playing.
what is sleep..
thanks dude.
#2011regrets I'm guessing shit I did while trashed. Guess its pretty bad when you wake up the next morning and everyone's like "dude, wtf!!"
did you see the movie?? What did you think??
We love our neighbors and you should too!
You and I have very similar situations. I have the same exact problems.
Are you serious? Same prosecutor???!!! WTF!
Met website now allows exploration by gallery. "old website, everything was an individual destination. Now you can take a journey"
ok, that's fair
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to raid your site for some goodies! :-D
"Hello" and "How to Succeed" EP! Real excited right now!
Loved meeting you both-he's a very good cusser. I want to hear about YR writing. Let's get together when dean is away?
I am now following you.
We help pregnant women safely overcome their addictions and facilitate healthy birth outcomes.
of course, we used to be cool as hell but for some kid ass reason had a fallout. Glad we are better <33
I love my job!!!
Thinking she should start using tumblr again..
Bout 2 pop out catch me on da drive
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life. Terry Pratchett
Intro to Premium WordPress Themes talk about to start in Tech Room.
Shut up. I'm watching Glee. Don't be petty , they do a decent job on WMYB.
I wish I had someone to watch the game with.
job interview went well, finger's crossed.
Are you self motivated or enjoy being told what to do?
You're Welcome :)
I have written with coffee. I have written with booze. I should try combining them and write as a wide awake drunk.
When we say booked for a day. We mean all eligible tables for reservations are booked. Walkins always welcome. Over 100 seats for that!
chocolate of course
Note to self. If one day I create my own successful thing and someone buys me out. Exit immediately. Don't wait to have your dreams crushed.
Thanks Nuria! Have a great weekend! :)
Geometry algebra math. It all comes naturally...
This Miami heat game is crazy!
We love it here at the office!
Watching Spring Break (1983)
Yes. Yes you do.
