AND...You're STILL SEXY...stop with thinking YOU'RE NOT ALREADY..ha ha...YOU'RE EVEN HOT...lol
Authors and writers I have decided to follow:
nothing chica you just have a thirst.for life. Stay hydrated and healthy ya dig.
Those late night text messages where you confess everything... Yeah, i like those.
Merely hoping for others' happiness on this pagan holiday celebrating the winter solstice, that's all. Not arrogant, not judging.
hmm, I wonder who you're talking about...
Me too! I saw it in theaters when it came out, & I've seen it 1k times since, but to get to see it on the big screen again?!
delete all bad memories
I think they are on to something.. want to work it out more for "Qué Casualidad' #mcn2012 #hugs dress.
I've got to be the only person on the planet who likes carrots but despises carrot cake
Does anyone think one tree is kinda wierd so far hahah?
I win!
yes I do thankyou
took a lunch break for the first time in ~30 days.
so how's your state tonight?
Interesting theme emerging at #ISOJ12: #Journalists are losing their (illusion) of objectivity and seeking to become part of their community
100% agree, a small portable gps attachable device (also good for remotes and KEYS)
colleague seeking writings on "efforts to save material culture that takeplace outside of standard institutional support or methods." ideas?
I'm surprised you could even type that joke tells me people from eaton cant read or write
Twitter for iPhone update let's you see follows & faves of friends. Remember: RT biz stuff, star funny stuff, but not porn!
Really exciting stuff RT : We're at Newburgh MS in Louisville, ready for the 'My Digital Life' launch event w/
if all you're going to do is constantly put me down, i don't need you in my life. simple as that.
Y-E-S! Let's build a sandlot in GH RT> Who just submitted permits for Summer Grass and Sand Volleyball....
who wanna skype me????
good attitude! lol
On tomorrow is + special Viewer Fantasy Football draft. Submit your team name now via Twitter
Most publicity is sponsored by professional magazine/news.This paid propaganda is used2promote psuedo-artists&corporate sponsored agendas!!!
Showing some signs of life! How about in Ottawa?
Out today on family emergency! If all goes well I will be back at work tomorrow!
theres a certain service for that? lol
Unlimited Time Off policies are all the rage. Mainly because they favor the employer....yes they do believe it or not.
I have filmed inside prisons but have never witnessed this. Absolutely horrific.
#We will make your custom suit, prom, bridal and children dresses in two days or your money back. W.bindahouse -9164290403
thank you Family. www.MourningsideProductions.net you can cop em there and we will hook you up somehow!
ROCK ON! wish I there!
Lol oh OK!
BTW the CC0 recommendation was in the context of data sharing, but here we are talking about literature as data ...
we're so old. granny fans~
Chose the Houdini exhibit at the Jewish museum over Kim Kardashian shopping w her basketball giant in meatpacking...good choice
I know what you mean! Love you much and call if you need me!! XO
Do only old women wear shoes from Aerosoles? Tried on some mad confortable ones today that were actually cute.
WE GET IT IN TILL SIX IN THE MORNING
if you had to start your musical taste all over again with no memories of your past, that's what you should listen to now. end nostalgia
Just got out of church
thanks! She's pretty sweet :)
Hope it hit you hard. Just sayin.
what book is that?!?
What's up with the game on #fsnwisconsin. College hockey? Wtf
Phone about to die.
Bad day for Beantown. Patriots & Red Sox both lose. Go Broncos!! 5-0!!!
Just scored 2 free tix to Great Lake Swimmers tonight.
Streetlight Manifesto cures all.
You look so different! In a good way lol
YES! Not goin to school tomorrow!
Download the FREE Houston Criminal Lawyer App in the itunes store! NEVER ride dirty without your Attorney again. Attorneyoncall - 24/7
Anyone catching STRUCTURES in Bloomington on Monday?
all I can say is I'm proud of my panthers! Coach you did an awesome job,and to the players,thanks for making us believe again.
it was one of those good days (: hbu ? (:
It seems like my love for my talented idol grows more and more each day i just can't wait to meet her& sing with her one day
Dear Fall, I'm madly in love with you. Jesus
Who Wanna Chill!(:
where are you?
Try this again >.<...finding out is following me made my day or night..?...yeah anyways hi people xD
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us." - John Dryden
�The Creative Power within us makes us into the image of that to which we give our attention
IGNORE WAT THOSE SAY BOUT U AS LONG AS U NOW THE TRUTH... DONT LET IT GET TO U
No, south America
getting readt to party it up major pool party!!!! And amazing HOT guys with thier shirts off oh baby ;) lol
Is there any way to track your play count on #Spotify like in iTunes?
(Rich) Was bad about tweets during investigation - wrapped up in it and only 3 people. No activity - hid from us. But, client feels better
Still no guarantee that I'll be on a jury though I hear they like librarians.
Colin baby! So handsome ;)
Checking out all the grand functionality of the Boost library.
Anyone have Pintrest? I want an invite!!
Forgiveness is love. Love is all.
can't wait man!
Great Spurs win tonight, but we never found Glen Coco! :(
do you know how many pictures had to be on each page in our books for yearbook?
'ours' does! (or so I'm told).
If I won Mega Millions I'd probably blow it all on cigars!!!
Oh Chris carrabba! I love when you scream!
Arguably the best film about an automaton in a1930s Paris railway station you'll ever see...
Hi new friend! Just wanted to wish you a happy weekend! xoxoxo
Free Shipping for all sales over $100.00 today! Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7598.
EW....... i don't want dougs dick coming to culvers with us.......
Wheels. Spinning.
No one else is as happy as me that the Packers won the Super Bowl! :) -Tom
Resisting the urge to go out and waste money by doing something that I've put off for far too long: cleaning.
Clean Start Cleanse: $69 intensive, deep colon cleansing. Removes buildup that nothing else can touch! My favorite! In wild berry
Best #Irene statistic: two people reportedly lost power in Manhattan.
I want to get a tatoo
HAHA!! i will
you are absolutely gorgeous, I can't even. c': #muchMahomielove <3
I hate being broke. -_-
w00t! Good girl. Leave it to an archivist.
true I know you'll take care of him. He's not in Valdosta anymore hahaha hit me up next week I will talk to some guys for u
"Turns out I already have these shoes...actually thats not really funny" #CongratsJB :D
Now I feel i've overgeneralized by not wanting to single this poor soul out.
It's time for me to let you go, but I'll be thinking about you...
Envoy eqpd 757 is a nice surprise on a domestic, but not sure these seats are a competitive TATL business product.
TWITTER IS LIKEA MILK COW SUCK MY TWITTER! ROFL
Weights done. 4 miles ran. Need to shower and get to work. Friday is starting slow.
Love Nephew! It's Reppin Time! RT : S/o unc His avi is tha coldest
long history of oppression.
CTIA Wireless' call for speakers closes tomorrow 11/7
rain has arrived! hope it breaks this muggy humidity.
I called you back. You're probably knocked out as I type this.
OKC Party Bus wants a new company logo. Please submit your designs and if yours is selected you will receive $400 plus a free 4 hour party!
how your day been beautiful?
Gotta keep your space clean...for real.
needs to learn to keep his twig on tha ground, my chin is mad swollen.... ur lucky i dont need stiches
hey r u guys home yet? :)
Dude, are you stalking my Twitter?
RT : Dove Body Wash will have u sniffing the shit outta yo self cuz u smell so good
Anyone else getting a feeling that something big is happening with Hyatt Regency Louisville on Tuesday?
John King just remembered that Gingrich and Paul are there too.
Snappin on some bomb Blueberry Headband Thanks to the homie SS Dawg from Green Gardens.
Not only does Terry Bozzio look like Ralph Fiennes, just realized Megan Fox looks like Michelle Phillips...
Thank you for the opportunity to know you. Our website is healthpress.com, we are now connected on FB.
So I'm just sitting here on my laptop, when I look over and see a spider on the side of my computer! Scariest moment...
Brb, crying myself to sleep over the cancellation of my three favourite shows. If Thursday isn't sacred, nothing is.
Dude. Don't blow my cover. People down here are angry commenters.
people must think im so weird... especially these people that think they want to be my roommate next year
Mike: what is working: race & social justice initiative; nabe matching fund #seamayor #Wallingford Town Hall ^lb
Getting ready for church
I got to see this weekend! :)
Bears should have drafted Hightower...
badgers wore all red last year.... Only ALT that I know of
I think I actually sprained my n00b this weekend.
We can't have lap tops.... Meaning I actually have to take notes by hand ?
Happy Saturday and Happy Nutty Fudge Day!
Nice defense by the Hornets to smack the ball out of Gasol's hand for the fast break
hey ash wyd
That billboard is awesome!! How many Christians can't recognize the irony here?
You can't change how you feel about someone it just come natually
well you are just a helpful lil thing now aren't you? So I take it you deal with social networking and comps for work? Or fun?
Sorry to hear your having a stressful time. Hope things get better. (:
Starving that I can't even see straight
Indeed it is!
What did I get myself into ! ;p
wow lovely photos :) once i get onto flickr hope you dont mind if i follow you there!
4 sure that it's a big no I can tell U that I'm happy that it's a no :) of course I'm NOT mad Y would I I was simply asking U a
SOLO XQUZIT and BLAZE ON will be live at CLUB ADRIANNAS performing LIVE in the ACE HOOD CONCERT
ONE DIRECTION IS ON MY RADIO. My babies...
Yes!! Say that PREACHA
"I think the epilogue of my book will be called Neither Capitalism nor Socialism: Eclecticism. Take inspiration from wherever you can."
Let Obama enjoy his vacation in Peace! He needs to recharge like everyone else.
I'm enjoying Scandal
Heading to the condo then maybe using this gift card up!
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” - Mother Teresa
#dateline always sucks me in. :/
How much does it cost the federal gov to print up a million dollars? now ask yourself how long does it take for us to make it.
Get High As A Plane
Commercials now? really? is this going to be like the NFL playoffs again?
Death, Don’t be Rash There are two situations that are difficult for anyone, divorce and death. In both, someone that was a crucial piece
It wasn't bad, but if you choose to see it, keep an open mind. Also, you know who Bradley Whitford is, so stop lyin'.
#PlaidTuba I'm not sure that whiskey and cream filled donuts would be terrible.
I Hope I Can See Him This Weekend(: <3
Songdo S. Korea "One of world's greenest cities" city of future w/ highest standard of living in world.
bout time lol
you're redesign is trying way to hard. don't mess with what works, great photos, good recipes and honest conversation.
Uh oh, thinks I'm frequently bored at work. Gotta be more enthusiastic-looking
Saturday Night!! Come party!
Going to miss $8 third row lower level seats -
ok right now i think we shoud thank the person who invented google cause i would probably b lost without it lol :)
in #Denver with my girl visiting
Didn't mean to throw the cat amongst the pigeons.
Great day! Making some phone calls and reviewing our planned gifts acceptance policy : )
good morning from one of your biggest fans in Cleveland :) hope you enjoy your day love :)
The DC book is Skipping a Beat. Another one that looks good and is recommended all over is Maine. Happy Reading!
Welcome to the weekend.
Looking forward to CES Jan 2011 Offering special Rates for Rooms at 8 different properties in Vegas www.myvegaspeople.com
Great to see you on Sat. AM. What book title did you have in front of ya?
T1: I also love when a blog/blog post makes me think about something in a way I haven't before.
- Boy I Knw Ya Whole Background.. betta Sit Yo Punk Ass Dwn!
Yeah, them! LOL
the best time to be asked to open your bag at a metal detector is obviously when you have a brush full of hair in it
sounds lame, but can you email me steps to reproduce and I'll forward it along to the mobile team?
Performing tonight at the Harlem Tavern with the sugartone brass band. 7-10 free 99
My phone too dry ! Lol .
Are you looking for new or old? Have you seen 3:10 To Yuma? Very good.
Need a new, cost effective way of generating leads? Check out our Unlimited Leads platform - Contact us at 866.460.6611
YOU SAID CAPS GET UR ATTENTION . PLEASE FOLLOW ME ! <33
We have a tool for you that may be beneficial to you and your clients! It's called the environmental risk summary report!
Still searching for a ticket for tonight. If anyone has or knows of an extra let me know
I'd rather talk to you. No offense, Thomas. :)
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight. Thank you all for comin out. Good times.
I'm pregnant
Two words, but I'd be willing to negotiate it down to one.
Watching the #UFC fight! Loving this! Such a precise sport...
Oh dear!
Charlize Theron: &#39;I would jump off a building for Kristen Stewart&#39;
Totes understandable. RT It's my dream to make Rahm mad. And to do things w/ him that may tarnish journalistic objectivity.
I'm tryng real hard. Building a biz IS hard & expected. If U like my prdct frm events 2 wall decor, any hlp wi new fllwers wud B magnifique!
For country and Dunkin.
thank you Pam!
Im a free spirit
Wings baby! The Joe is on fire tonight and the Red Wings need this! 3-0 Wings!!
“Hola I want to ‘Dance Again’ with & ‘Like How It Feels’ with on their US tour!”
True! But especially those two. They make me stop && stare && I might drool a little. lOl!
Just found out the kid gets to spend a day at Fox film making 1 sheets for movies. She is stoked
Nope! Only three weeks. The April chat was late.
No, the Worcester County DA is still investigating. No new updates though.
He's playing John Mabry
well theirs a knife. And theirs an arm.
not feeling to good. but ima get up, .. got shit to do.
Exposition park has launched a common raft patched together like a crazy quilt of old mattresses, blow-up pools, and trash bins
I bike to work because it's so much faster than driving or Metro: 15 min drive; 20-35 min Metro---and i get the cal burn.
Attending Annual Library Trustee Worksop. Great participation and great discussion.
Great compliment, back at you. :)
its not like anything else could get worse this week.
Your welcome dude! Let me know when your next show goes on
that's what i like to hear!
12 Angry Men in Black
Hah. Shelby, which is where my parents live, is No. 1. And they don't even have public water...
Lets go cp3 bash these niggas
Films by Michael Bay...
RT : Sometimes the best way to get some ones attention is to stop giving them yours.
MISS YOU GUYS!!!! Have a good day too love! Love you 💛
seems like you're
Today in 1848, Dorothea Dix presents a request to Congress asking for a fund to be used for care of the mentally ill.
Thanks for the follow. Should be a great end-of-the-year party!!
Lost like 9 followers .
Totally just blew my husbands mind by singing along and air guitaring master of reality in its entirety.
Go Brew Crew!!! About to take the playoffs by storm.
: if you get the job, let me know. I can then live through you. ;-)
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile tell her that she's beautiful!!!
what about the class of 2012? When will our commencement speaker be announced?
All I wanna know is, wth am I eating tonight?!?!
just wanted to say i wrote a song bout us and wanted u to hear...
So many tech problems at the presentations..We need nerds!
Really who didn't know LeBron James was going to win a M.V.P. this year over Derrick Rose #HeatNation 3Mvp in the last 4years
My life=zero bullshit. That's awesome.
I do believe you are correct.
dont worry ima get that tho no official date
WELL BITCH whatcha gonna do
Thanks so much for the so! Have a lovely Tuesday :)
Best of luck to Katherine Malak who played ZORA in our August workshop. She's up for an Ovation Award tonight!!
you home??
'From Prada to Nada" and "Justin Bieber, Never say Never!"??... My Netflix doesn't know me at all...
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "BOSKO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
ill come look for u tommorow
Is today the Derby?
I don't blame Spaz, he didn't hire himself I blame Gene D. He's afraid to hire a good coach because he can't control them.
I finished my University of Washington app today... now the nerves will be setting in.
David Kahn is a smart man.
WOW go check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube this kid is FANTASTIC !!!!!!! follow him he's really cute also :)
The Pete Escovedo Latin Jazz Orchestra at the Rrazz Room at Hotel Nikko, San Francisco, Fri, December 10, 8pm
Just pulled the Gin-Lavender cake out of the oven, smells amazing can't wait for the taste test!
Mike is the hottest thing in my school but andre told him im obsessed with him and he tried to talk to me and i ran away bc hes so fricken
Whoever Broke Adele's heart, made her rich as hell.
Thanks for the RT.
ok. U scaring me. Headed to wisconsin next weekend.
Waking up slow.
was it good?
I love when my phone blows up with your tweets(: Notice mee?!
I am a happy Rangers hockey fan rooting for the Devils right now.
breaking: clipper nick young at dinner with grizzly gilbert arenas at LA live. #fraternizingwiththeenemy #clippernation (cc )
How high was your highest jump?
Kottoras strikes out ... Marcum could have done that too.
Just realized the Turkey I got for Thanksgiving is still sitting in the freezer. Anyone want to cook this bird for me? I'll give you half!!
It's raining like crazy outside ☔
The sound of weeding in a library is 50 times louder than it is in your garden. Hello Monday!
'Mixin' is an ugly, terrible word
going to c 2 Brewer games for my birthday this weekend, better be in the lineup. Go !
Excellence is an attitude that greatly multiplies the value of all the skills you have.(Very true)
Kentucky walk ons trying to squeeze to the front of the stage. Respect.
Follow Bison Express at
Lmao don't tell me what to do.
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed to call a company "Qwikster."
So ... I take this quiz right ? And at the end it doesn't show the results .. Wtf is up with that ??? ._. ♥
i'm sorry do i know you?
you've got '.con' instead of '.com' in the arena breakdowns 'go to website' link
that is one of the best heats ever !!!!!!
Every pitch answers three questions: What?, So What?, Now What?. via
Advance Your Career with One of Linfield College's Online Certificates Made ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
um.. Doubt that!
Never seen so much talent in 1 day! Killer job by all of those who auditioned today. 5 more to go tomorrow, with
Whereupon we both lamented our negligence in not rearing up a numerousprogeny to help us in this day of need
Let me tell you that you taste like a good time.
lol. how, you're a woman.lol
PLEASE FOLLOW?? :D it would mean the WORLD to me and ;) #RNGeezies <3
- Lol. Well I just recently started wearing briefs so I don't have a whole lot of pics for those yet. Haha.
im ggonna be famous when i grrow up and when i get famous im gonna make u famous
May have to avoid Internet until 2013.
Batman Beyond my nigga.
ask me a question. i ll give you an answer
i hope and pray i can go
O_O....what's the deal?
hey Greg, teed up "Design for Education" as #brightspot tonight, featuring Bertie County, NC
CAN U DM ME SOMETHIN THATLL MAKE ME SMILE?(: well I'll smile if u dm me anyway...I'll scream and smile to my ears
That's a shame, but good for you!
Where are you? I grew up on Clark Hill Road!
Hello Sarah, Ever tried plain yogurt? It has a yucky taste.
Louisville would have probably beat OSU or KU tonight.
FUSCO U! NICKS MINE
no - in the installation context, precalculation was no problem. i think sigmund~ can do faster-than-rt, though untested by me.
I hate sugarcoating!
Get 'em tomorrow
I always order things that are white chocolate... I think it's because I love white women with booties
will do. How was your Cinco de Mayo?
lol, they called me in for ten o'clock. I'm here until 6:30
Welcome, and Happy Anniversary. We're so glad you chose to celebrate here.
I never Really thought about my job at a stable and myself being a brony as coincidental or weird. Just two things that hppnd tht dont cnnct
she can't Adele did her thang tonight
Things I say everyday: I want a dog. But especially so today - this weather is amazing!!
Marine Corps to discharge sergeant for Facebook posts critical of President Obama
it's been a while since I've updated my iPhone. any new iPhone apps you would recommend?
do you stay in Philly for the summer? Come back to Minny. Need to see you out and about somewhere.
karaoke tonight in Ravenswood. Let's see what you got!
SEC is the only other viable option for #FSU and that is still not very likely at all.
me fone buzzed & i saw & favorited ur tweet so hade a heart attack then realized it was YOU!!! IHATEYOU:'(
Trying to figure out if the #widgetized page #templates for new #theme should be a #plugin "add-on" for only those who wish to use them.
RT : RT : "Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace." -Buddha
Hey dude buddy.
trust us- not what we wanted - very upset- our Merch Co has called in IT help - doing what we can to fix!
Thanx to and for plan to vote against bill.
Bush, Search Party of three, you can eat when you find the Dufresnes.
not really, its not like water. Its hard to explain tho. But its not painfull.
Fashion Inc. says "Too tight is not always right!"
Pacers Arena looks like a bumblebee meeting
fresh guacamole is my weakness
Wore the white uniform today, so proud that I didn't get it super dirty. #success. 😌
ah such love and sweetness from you!
Up early writing
i need a good long day at the beachh, yep yep
hey berner! did your piece air on mtv yet??
AH SOO EXCITED TO SEE U !!!!
OK, stating this Twitter thing (again). Work with me here...
From Heavier storms moving out of Sheboygan & moving into Washington & Waukesha Counies
So what's the buzz on the new iPad? Has Apple hit the mark or fallen short? How does this newest iPad compare to the Droid tablet ?
Watching the Godfather. I can never decide which murder is funnier, McClusky's or Moe Green's
yaaah. But im not trying to date him again. Im just going to stay single for a while.
Gotta love DVR
Kush & Orange Juice >>>
Love and Fear cannot occupy same space
I have literally spent the entire day editing projects, and I'm not done yet. I don't know whether to be proud or depressed.
Off to work... Counting the seconds till Friday 😉
First day of spring but feels more like summer. I am def okay with that.
♫ NEW MUSIC: Chris Brown F/ Rihanna – “Turn Up the Music” (Remix)
Happy NEW YEAR !!!
meh not yet.. i think a staffing place is gonna find me one. we'll see tuesday!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT come on =]
Does Nicki Minaj try to sound like a complete idiot.. Or is this seriously what is considered "music" these days. I'm confused.
Just finished up our holiday "card" order! Can't wait to see them!
Yes, Mike Francesca, lots of tweets are inane. But many would argue that your show is as well.
that's not the way to Newport ;)
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 31
Watching WKC dog show. Want every single dog - except toy poodle. Can't have a pet with more involved hair than me.
Damn what i do now ? RT : is still phony 😒
High expectations are the key to everything
Id cry but I'm dehydrated.
Help there is a VERY scary man checking me out at the Rouses not good!!!
pretty name! :)
Patron #LoyaltyWeek runs thru Mar. 24th. We’re engaging in dialogue about developing longer, stronger patron relationships all week long.
“: Before Kemp. Before Gwynn. Before Aaron. Before Mays. There was Jackie #42”. Wow....talk about elite company for Matt kemp.
Does anybody know some indie artist with great music? Dm/Tweet me! I'd really appreciate it! :)
's hair matches my hair... when I wake up in the morning. <3 #gottalovethosebrunettelocks (;
Jack has a commercial he has to shoot tomorrow !Happy for him.
just tried my first toaster strudel... so damn good!
"Knock knock.. Who's there? Me! Me? "F#ck this! Yo quiero taco bell"
Or some of the thinkers that I'd imagine you would call radical and/or violent for that matter.
are they rocking the cardigan?
Nice..When the real funk gets up on u for real... Time to go
You'd look like a tweet jacker anyway. That is old
Sponsors making final pitch for sales tax holiday to Sen Finance Comm.
There might be Reebok markings on it.
He's the brains of that outfit. ;-)
Lovin' this rain!
Take me dancing, get me fucked up. Play that old guitar and we will sing. -
Thanks for the RT!
Best Cartoon Show Ever???????
may day assist the families of fallen police in the line of duty. RT us plz
How do you use your weekends?
RT : Just finished up an interview w/ for about #ETO presents concert at
I'm getting all jazzed up about it now!
;) RT : I think Barney alone cd help us dress ev student in The Cara Program
OOPS, you've got to say "towns and cities" not "counties." You're a New Englander like me, you know that.
Bounced in Rd of 32. Like me :) Tough field this year. No gimmes in the single-elim bracket
always bud!!!
you're very welcome. :)
Thanks, Caitlin! And thanks for the great new post!
Do you live near an Arby's by chance?
Saturday night. Pizza and bad scifi movies at home. That's how we roll.
Time for a good ol' nap!
Sign up for the new fusion classes at www.PilatesPlusPB.com. SPX/TRX & SPX/Booty Barre! Lots of fun stuff in August! :)
“: I wonder what a dunk contest between vince carter and jason richardson would look like now....”.<<< left handed lay ups
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay ask someone if they are pregnant when it turns out they are just fat.
thank you for teaching me to never say never , &' stand up for my dreams &' do what i want &' keep pushing no matter what . (:
I'd like to thank the guys who mugged my friend for finally giving me a reason to walk around the neighborhood with my samurai sword
Rocktagon MMA announced today that In 2011 the organization will expand their Elite Series to include Amateur and Professional MMA bouts.
Listening to Darrell Bazzell discuss budget models under #uwnbp and PA. Wish more folks were here to hear about monumental change for campus
Friedens Community Ministries is reminding you to stop by Verizon Wireless at Bayshore Mall and check out our DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS promo!
Woohoo Opening Day,O's...here I come!!
Any tweet > "Wow" tweet.
Wow the Tigers got killed today (again), they must really suck right?
Just took a HIV test. Its better to know then not too.. Okai Haiti
Go Jags!
thank you for the #FF and the laughs!
Stressing over my Fantasy Football semi-finals lineup.
basically, im pumped
that guy has such an epic name and I never use the word epic! lol.. Happy birthday Jason! =)
This girl is trippin'xD Damn.
“: I like women with class..” and the ass. Wait what? Are you comin to Idaho this summer with your dad and Jules? We will make him
All my friends at Kentucky, be safe.
Hey everybody, come see how good I look. :)
That sounds pretty awesome!
Next year have student voices and provide students the ability to give suggestions. They know how they learn best.
Thanks for letting me know hun! Sad there's no live stream tho. Hopefully videos will be up on YouTube for us to see later. :)
Working on my taxes and trying not to get frustrated, UGG!
its just a novella, it was free on my kindle and I couldn't help myself! I hate to say it, but its good so far...
miss you too! I've been pretty good, you?
sorry, we had to cancel February's #20MAAB. hope to be back next month after the ADDYs
Really bad night for Granger. #PacersPlayoffs time Danny! C'mon now!
Met the after the show in Frederick MD and they are such nice guys! Thanks for a cool show! Thanks for the guitar pick & ball.
haha I'm jealous! (:
Patients meet with our surgeons at the very first visit. We perform a thorough evaluation to determine the safest procedure for your eyes.
LOL That's exactly what said in their email this morning!
Not yet. First we gotta get Jones going and the rest of the offense.
money may not buy happiness, but it sure makes misery much easier to live with
US created only 119,000 jobs in April, down from 211,000 in March. We need to create 275,000 monthly to reduce unemployment. Good job BO!
Love that place. Food is incredible.
& now you're on an open road, long gone i cant have you back.
is the best n always makes me feel better!!!! I lovee youu n so grateful to have u in my life!!!!
More fun! “: Office supply cabinet is out of pens. But we have colored pencils!!! What every journalist needs, of course.”
Not a single member of the #Reds lineup is over .300
I said it mussttt be cuz a nigga got doe...
. Both the cheers & the jeers are usually reductionist
Hospital. Neck pain. Hungry. Ugh :\
2/3. Not bad at all! One more to go...
i want to follow me :(
Lakers have to stop Mohawk Moses
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. Les Brown
Countdown to the #MaryMary premiere on is underway! 7 days to go!
Whoever's in charge of telling old men when they have weird, long hairs growing out of their eyebrows/ears should be fired.
Because of a great donor, new trees are going up around campus. Older trees r being removed & replaced by fresh, but mature trees.
Today was rough....
Ah, gotcha. Have you looked at the pre-compilation in handlebars.js? That's what I've switched to for now.
Hah, unfortunate timing. Twitch.tv went down right after we started trying to stream for the first time :P
If it's still in your mind, it's still in your heart
yes but not exclusively--mostly generational ethnic/racial identity issues.
That's one of the first things I want to do if I get another teaching job - dance lessons. I have no moves. None.
i don't think "typo" means what AP thinks it means.
The nicer someone is, the farther away (s)he is from you.
such a thrill to view the proof of an article in-press! all those hours of work finally looking like something official!
Great, great week for FSU. RT : Go Noles! First UNC, now Duke!
What's your preferred term to encompass all users of #opengov data? "Developers" too narrow, "citizens" too broad, "3rd parties" too vague.
FOLLOW ME.... MISS ALEXIS TODD!! I AM SHOOTING FOR 1000 !! LETS DO THIS.. SPREAD THE WORD!! THANKS
Now I cee why my so called pops left after the mother turns the kids on the father there is nothing left no love +no respect =no family
That is too cute. And yes, that was also me.
If ur in the middle of sex.. N it isnt good WHAT WOULD U DO?
how bout as throwback unis.
Just show me the $money$ Bitches $C.P.C$ I do this shit
OH: I looked up your website and now what is the dog's name?
Dam bugs
Thursday Wind Down! White Wines of Washington, Vioginier, Pinot Gris & Chardonnay!
I'm following the first 10 people to follow
Go to sleep oh I put a post on your girl text saying you looking at a girl on my page lol so go to sleep meathead
Basketball < anything
Ok, I think I've done enough stalling/working. Time to work out! It's lower body today folks!!!
Backup your electronic devices often. You never know when the restore function will come in handy.
You are welcome to use any of the other locations like and , also in the west end.
I've been away checking in whats going on ?
sorry can't. Don't do FB.
I don't like being sick, I don't like fevers, & I don't like knowing I'm gonna be in bed all day.
Jim's Journal strips on are totally "phresh" or at least that's what the marketing dept. tells me.
'im not gonna pull out. No matter what' "whoa... Damien... That causes babies"
That is very true, the sad thing is that they are often envied and their emotions are minimized
Hipsters please go home. You're all trying way too hard.
Got Ths Cold Ass Sprite Tho (:
thanks for the encouragement; Fedora + µservices seems less scary and more possible than i had thought
If you are watching BostonMarthon run into the closest Shaw's of Whole Foods Market / buy two Gleukos / give one away /
Honor other people�s thoughts, wishes and words .. Never interrupt another or mock or rudely mimic them
Thanks for the introduction! And nice to meet you!
Holy sh*t Game of Thrones!
New taco bell promo: Whenver Eric Decker scores a touchdown, you get a free double decker from 4-6 at your participating Taco bell
And I thought Wisconsin's state government had it out for women. Texas really outdoes us.
The largest UK alumni base outside of KY is in Atlanta. UK always draws well there.
I love RN74. almost more than mm itself.
Jake nd Chewy both still gave me my hug, kiss, nd tld me dey love me...i cant wait to get off wrk nd go hme to dem
The #Yankees are the only #MLB team yet to win or lose a low-score game (i.e., games w/scores of 1-0, 2-0, 2-1, 3-1 or 3-2).
I have problems too, y'know! xD LOLOL
": #SomePeopleNeedTo stop trying to change who they are just to please someone else."
Thoughts ? MT : Is Facebook the next MySpace? I notice fewer people posting... My news feed was all page posts this am.
now i followed you? lol
buenos :D
does that clear room for Califf???
is on her way to pick up her mom's SUV and get doughnuts for her movers.
Wow fb now suggests pokes?! Thats crazy!!! I want to publicly suggest you not poke me! So silly! Why?!!! Ugh!
Need to hit da Booth
Check out iconicweb.net Get informed about anything dealing with music/photography!
Enjoying the day despite being at work
my pleasure! (Literally). ;-) thanks for the mention. It was an honor and privilege to have been chosen! LOVE
So bored. Going to draw myself some tattoos w/ liquid eyelines since I dont find the sharpy. Gonna make myself a sleeve lol
your poor boyfriend is gonna be broke!
Having fun connecting with cool, creative peeps on Karmalicity
i'm sure you wouldn't! :P
Ugh. Left my cell phone at home. Don't you hate it when that happens?
We'll have worship in the Student Lounge this coming Monday. We'll still meet at 8pm! See you there.
Hope + both like their packages from RK! <3
We can create a more sustainable, cleaner and safer world by making wiser energy choices. ~Robert Alan
Nov 15, I will be on Quad-Cities #KWQC TV6 to promote #americarecyclesday and talk about my new concept in selling #recycled art.
we do our best. :)
They are all that crabby for a while. Then they talk back... oh what did I do?? ;)
what up stranger? How u been?
trees swayin in the summer breeze...
Neva thought iwould be a grown ass woman , still shopping in the kids section -__- #GottaGetMyWeightUp !
Cruising around the city with a friend of mine.
Live for you, not someone else<3
Any good #RaiseYourSleeve stories out there for a Friday night?
Tweet 2000 goes to tho she stunts about marriage I know the real truth hahahahaha
They were very relevant topics and the responses were on point, just going forward for next time. Overall excellent tweetup!
my hipster wife is on her way to the hospital with severe burns in her mouth because she tried to to eat my lasagna before it was cool
She say she love me what Eva that is
oh spencer, I love you<3
at least it's still senior year! haha
following back hun!
I knew you would be. I'm looking forward to it like a redneck on NASCAR day
Headed to the #LevineMuseum soon. Gonna bring #DreamingofDixie to life!
RT : Whatever you enjoy, you improve. Enjoy where you are, and suddenly where you are has more value.
them camo pants still in there?
haha yay! That's great :) Party time, I wish I was in town so we could go dance the night away at Club K-town!! Miss that place
This chain letter movie is doing it all wrong you can't kill the sexy guy first like wtf.
will be tonight!!! Hit me up at 702.782.8763 for #bottle service / #vip table
"we push code several times a day and then look at graphs afterwards" umm, yeah, i've been doing this for almost a decade.
I can't even think about this.. Just bothers me hahaha
Wow New Castle is still unbeaten this season.
there was a nice article about you in bucks county courier times about tweeting. Website is phillyburbs.com check it out
Thanks for the follow Culinary Trend (CulinaryTrend)! :)
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH
:) haha ya. im good and u?
Today's the day! Celebrate 10 years of nameless sound in Houston at "sources & echoes": menil collection, 2:30 to 9 pm. Free!
go get 'em bud.
Privileged today to see (sub 4.4) & (62-65) put on a clinic at pro day.
Clay Cain, VISD, attorney: You cannot give Ms. Jaynes the reassignment she is seeking because you do not have the authority to do so.
Know a graduating senior who hasn't receive the recognition he/she deserves? Let us know! E-mail us at
Show me your tan line.. I'll show you mine 😉💦
I wish mcdonalds delivered.
WHEN I SEE ONE OF THOSE .GIF TUMBLRS THAT USES THIS "JOKE" FORMULA AND I'M ALL [farts]
texted you lol
Didnt break a sweat but she's soaking wet
Baby I love you I never want to let you go the more I think about the more I want to let you know that everything you do is super duper cute
Good Morning from little BIG, Rhode Island!
is having fun practicing Petrushka :) love Stravinsky!
I'm very proud of you and have been inspired by your Lenten sacrifice...
LOL. She thinks she's so good.
x bolehlah babe. I keluar celebrate mothers day with my mummy :}
Just watched Glee... totally hooked! Brings back the memories of my high school show choir!
Also, I think those cupcakes will make a good breakfast.
Hear No Evil Ear Plugs @ www.kandizone.com
what happened to Nena!!
Roger Goodell is on a power trip. Not sure how you can suspend one player more than any others when they all participated.
stupid bitch hahahahhaha
Yeah I totally steered clear of the antenna.
Will pulling the sick kid card bolster Cena's popularity? Stay tuned.
yea right now I feel like I'm going to start to cry
Praise God!
Hey jon. My search button is acting kooky. I couldn't find you. Please follow and I will follow back. Ms. Walker. :-)
The question is, do I go to Alejandro's?
SO GLAD YOU'RE COMING!!! Big Umbrella Studios is at 906 Divisadero Street - I'll be there at about 7:30pm
High Tide is once again looking for an intern(s)... fun and educational. Send info to .
lovely and you
we're looking to expand our social presence on twitter and with the university. Retweet us to help us out! We'd really appreciate it!
nope.. So let's cross that off the list
Never follow your heart, always follow your mind!!!
You need to see Hunger Games.
RT “: I like dem freaky ass followers, kno what im talking bout, on my tl tweetin while dick up in dey mouth”
@ shelly, it isn't infuriated demagogues
thank you! :)
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 99
#facebookjustbought a big box of dignity. She didn't know what that was.
We're in love with Google+!! This may blow facebook out the water!
Got back to the hotel and the maid is still working on the room.
what?! Let's see!
so he's got a career .686 OPS in the minors, assume he's a defensive whiz? Either way, Tommy Manzella!!!!!
Being around so much failure just pushes me even harder to be the greatest there's ever been!
Nothing but Orc food in the cafeteria today.
Are you waiting for the world to change around YOU? Or are YOU willing to change the world around you? Coach Terry
6 days until Christmas. Better start thinking about maybe doing some shopping soon.
when your sideblog has more followers than your actual blog #thelife yay bitch3s
Eating food is better than having an amazing body
Do not try to put me into the "Jane Hoya" mold. I am an individual and don't you DARE put me in category if you mean it to DEMEAN me.
Viognier Wine Release this Sat free tastings & 20% off glasses & bottles of this new wine BS Sauce Co. will also have food samples.
That 350 limit is per OAuth token. You should have more leeway there. Cheers!
Absolutely. I tried the working for other people thing...Not my cup of tea.
Favorite show. I love the episodes when the same girl brings 5 guys on to be tested. Waiting for the episode they test the dog.
TGIF & Happy #FF Looking forward to running w/ Sunday!
It's awkward with the moderator interrupting & he talks a bit too much.
No junk no soul
last night = free margaritas, well done sir
Hope you feel better!
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
The NJIT Library staff is having its annual holiday luncheon at the Spanish Tavern today
So excited that is now accepting applications for 2012-2013! Will definitely apply.
Everybody on instagram just wants attention so show it back
did u or geordy call me from the house tonight? if so I was in class
it's funny!!!
Ann Parsons Odum is a profound artist and lifetime achiever & a lovely lady with a great sense of humor!
Up to 70% of wireless data originates indoors - wireline networks, unlicensed spectrum all part of the solution
Time for lightning talks. Stefanie is up first.
Nah, you just stop doing it duuh.
Did marketwatch go down for anyone else?
I'd just like to say that Eminem did amazing on the vma's, goodnight.
I'd be older by 2 minutes...
There's a kitty outside. It's mine now. I just named it pussy
I was a cold dude.. I'm getting back to my ways?!?! #truestory #nostress #Avenue "I'm just living my life"
Oh there we go again with the mother fucking perfect couples
lol right?!! nasty ass
yea that's right. I was too lazy to write Oconomowoc so I put MKE. I still can't believe that's a serious business name
Remembering the high cost of freedom this #MemorialDay. Thanks to all vets who've served and to the families of the fallen.
I spent 5 hours prepping for two classes this weekend. Was that efficient? How do I know. Does it matter if it is a new prep? A new course?
if your native and are a big Brotha u a dope muthafucka
Upon further review, yes, he was.
Ending night at Sticky Rice. Book it! :)
Part 2: New leads, ability to respond to customers quickly and efficiently, lower advertising costs. For starters. :) (see prev tweet)
Commuting 600 miles every week, leaving the country in two weeks, buying a second home, wife in the hospital indefinitely - what, me worry?
Stress Reliever..Pay your electric bill in pennies
That ball woulda been in center field if Yuni was still playing SS lol
In order to do a proper Jeff Bridges impression you'll first have to swallow a beard.
You're one of our FAVE fans - thanks so much! RT : Had a blast at First Date from Laughed til it hurt. Still laughing.
Headed to a film festival to watch my film ! If you're in LA and you'd like to join me, inbox me :)
We'll never fear the darkness, girl. We've got this golden road.
Need help. Playing draw something and all the person wrote/drew was "hunger games little sis." Whats the answer? Not a nerd, so I don't know
#10FactsAboutMe i wear my heart on my sleeve .
You have to be pretty conceded to have a pic of yourself as your screensaver ...
I saw the book fest advertised what is it exactly? I love books!
I forgive, but I never forget.
script, how are you? R u doing theatre again, or focusing on something else?
Nurse Jackie is worth the addiction!
The bandwagon deadline is over. We're not accepting applications at this time. Try again next season. Thanks, #GRIZZNATION #GNG committee
pun contest?
Having dinner at sylvias...
How do you define the Holocaust? Lots of different definitions. We all bring our own perspectives.
ha, mom said same thing when searching for me on videos. I was kneeling a lot to get out of press shots, so it's no wonder! :)
So were Breaking up??? No
I've heard Konz's When it comes to singing Creed, he's a great O-lineman. Hope #dirtybird is better.
Let's close our eyes and pretend we're in the 90's
Your welcome, Good morning to you as well
cheer up ! TOMMOROWS GUNNA ROCK ! bus buddies ?! :D
Very. So much faster to just say what's bothering.
Man, sounds great I definitely will! Where yat this weekend?
y'all better leave my cuz alone hey Cuz who u wanna go on today lol we got em !!!
ALbert Pujols hits 40th hr, 5th time he has done that in his career, Pujols is right up there with Ozzie Smith and Lou Brock IMO!!
If it's a broken part, replace it. If it's a broken arm, then brace it. If it's a broken heart, then face it.
only if you take it to excess.
Ok it's 3:00 am and time for bed for me I've got a busy day tomorrow hopefully blood work will be good. Have a great weekend. Night. <3 Shan
Camtasia allowing export of a single frame on the timeline from the scrubber position is fantastic
Thanks for the RT, Anne!
Think tankers! Anyone specialize in Healthcare Reform? Need data!
Can't believe its been 13 years since May 3rd, 1999 Oklahoma City F-5 tornado. A day that will never be forgotten.
Oh my gosh, look it's food! I love food!
When you say "don't look" everyone looks. but when you say "look" no one does."
Solid. RT : Hey #Bears tweeps, need your feedback for a post. Describe the Bears #draft in ONE WORD.
#Imagine: If u were watching the ball drop in NYC & then out of nowhere some1 steals a kiss from u , & u open ur eyes & it's
I can run circles around you so fast , your fuckin head will spin dawg
Rain barrels provides any household the means of acquiring no-cost water. Rain barrels can help with the high costs of utility bills.
When I came into the office there were 11 things on my "To Do" list. Now there are 23.
If anyone downloading the torrent has any issues let me know. I'm going to get the stream set up for the rest of our viewers.
im off next wednesday and saturday. like no school. no work. idk what im going to do with myself. i dont remember ever being OFF.
A great show at Dobbs tonight has been tarnished some. Prospect Hill's van was vandalized & things stolen. help us raise $ tonight for them!
How this kid is sleeping through these fireworks is beyond me.
you were nervous? Lmao.
i just idk what to do with myself rn okay
There's valet parking outside First Watch. That seems like overkill for moderately priced modern brunch favorites.
Good Monday Morning! It's going to be a very productive week for you! Let's get this week started with a bang! Let's go go go...
Maybe you will see him right at the change of the clock!
Heinrich Hertz #wavegod #wavy loll
da mean is if u stay geeked up like drunk and high...u a dork
Happy I saw this:)..mm:)................ "In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming" nice
can u plzz follow my friends nd
Gotcha. Got me motivated to find my next show with some Broadway vets--maybe Chenoweth when she comes to DAR in June.
Unfortunately it will serve as a distraction in tomorrow's news. Media will discuss milk instead of the Financial Crimes Unit.
Finally leaving after 630 start! Gracious staff, delicious food but was hoping to be home sooner for last hours of honeymoon!
RT : Well that sucks! We had a great season, its a damn shame it had to end like that!
not ridiculous. Bookmobiles are awesome!!
walker here, I will be broadcasting tomorrow 11 til 1pm at Jefferson Coin shop at Airport and Rt 219 you may win a 1oz Silver Eagle Coin
I really did though!
Had a great time performing our song "Insatiable (Can't Get Enough)" tonight at ! #R&B
I love how everyone is now smelling their arm hair because of me! Yes!
On day 5 of solid walking in DC- so much to see!
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninetly - nine percent perspiration.
seems i misplaced a follower. that sucks.
Kool aid & frozen pizza
yeah sure I live in Kohala though..
Bingo, which is why it's so bizarre.
Somehow, "Wine Pong" doesn't have any innate appeal.
Won't give her nuttin she's a P I M P P O
Thank you somehow I knew he would. Thanks again for a great article. As a runner and a father it was really inspiring.
hey E Z on the eyes :) how yo day been?
IVY: A major concern of open-publishing academics is theft of their intellectual work.
Just one of today's "aha!" moments: The OED may be the greatest crowdsourced project EVER.
Anybody know what happens if you buy parking for your van but not your trailer?
we do? that's cool!
Uh oh. I guess we're just working you guys too hard!
The band Scarlet Script Just gave me their new EP \'Onward\' for a TWEET, Prayer, or Donate! @ ScarletScript.com ScarletScript.com
Always Bring Lunchables!
Miller: the Web empowers search engines and organizations, makes it easy to connect people, data, applications
After an emotional farewell speech by Lt. Gov Becky Skillman, a vote on a smoking ban for #Indiana expected soon
To whoever keeps dumping sugar all over the coffee machine: y?
Stay away from negative conversations and from negative people.
Let the Tweet-a-Pitch begin! Signing editors are here - use hashtag #TriDPitch!
It Happened Onced Now Twice Can't Let It Go Any
At some point, they need to trade Iguodala, Evan turner needs the ball in his hands
And try catch the game on Thurs. You turd ticklers. “: Sharks fans thanks for all your support this yr!
Almost every tweet now has the word "expand" below it. Makes me feel bloated.
It's #MayDay Thank you to our SupahStaff! #Doyle #Benson Best in Boston
Bcome a Virtual Citizen Of #Israel & Share It With Friends! RT : ANYTHING I CAN DO! AND I DO MEAN ANYTHING!
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST
Free social network promotion at the url on my profile. Works great. Would you like to follow 4 follow?
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout *pulls shorts up above the knee caps* nigga let's go..
i know but that's a few out of like fifty. lmao.
Agreed...very clever!
Ugandan food is great - but lacking variety. Protein options are limited. I find myself longing for a REAL Philly cheesesteak!
When you order a shirt from & they tell you they ran out of Smalls so you have to wait even longer.
Pricing a job for T-Shirts need to convert the logo from a word doc :(
3 weeks after dropping out, Pawlenty asked for a gig at FOX. "Not sure I want to sign you as a paid spokesman for Romney, " said Ailes.
Sorry I was busy finding a shirt that matched my flask!
RT : FREE 4 Day Music showcase Kung Fu Saloon I play Friday and Saturday with Zeale Rapz! Schedule below, don't miss it! htt ...
Just got home from the office; now bored out of my mind. I think I'll watch all 22 episodes of #Friends on my DVR now.
#yourinthefriendzoneif she tells you she wants you to meet someone and it turns out to be her boyfriend that just asked her out 2 days ago.
"I find it unusual that it is more socially acceptable to complain about what you have than it is to ask for what you want."
to bad im riding in the front , and youll be on the corner ! #dontbelateforyourjob !
Brendan Frasier's character in Blast from the Past reminds me of a friend of mine Lol
AWESOME I wish lol
I felt better knowing it too!
HOW THE SHOW TURN OUT?
First time in like 3yrs I hear gun shots
the two tickets are yours if you'd like them!(: $65 for each do you want both?
Your boobs look really big from any angle!
Just a couple more days n I'll b back n action... That shit went by Hella quick
Sick friend has me watching Bait Car.
/ I hope we are still talking about the beta. It's coming, I promise. A lot of January left.
Rihannah Is in the movie battleship coming out soon…
As soon as i94 is done being repaved, the road should be closed for a day of rollerblading.
When your ready to quit Dick eating??! Oh.
Hillis of 2011? Absolutely a bad comparison. Hillis of 2010? A much different story
T.g.i.F...gEtTiN oFf eArLy 2day..!
Guess what court ruling didn't come out again today ... ?
worst part is... one of the top umps was watching:(
Introducing Whisk Reputation. Professional Yelp and social media feedback management. Would you be interested?
lol! St. Louis??? I sense a SoCal trip in the near future...
Pau Gasol whines like he gets fouled everytime down the court. You ain't that good Pau.
ugh that sounds horrible
Rise & Shine! Lavish #breakfast #buffet that features omelets & waffles made to order, Pancakes, French Toast & Potatoes!
Im about wat ever like wats good!!
While people of all ages can experience vision loss, as we age our risk of developing an eye disease that can cause vision loss increases.
Waiting for a lot of new baseballs designs to come in stock- should be here next week- I hope!
Sand jose Sharks
yes i am and it is always an adventure and can be stressful at times but invigorating
If Hodgson has really cut from the Euro 2012 squad - then that's a stupid decision.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool do we really have to be here ?
Its too hot for this...ugh!
Coolin wit la chat and trackman at the yung tymer "flex-out" video shoot! What up MIA????
I'm watching on ABDC so glad theyre playing reruns (:
oh hell no lol im fone woth you garrett
I don't believe in deodorant.
Thanks Susan! So encouraged...
I hope it gets better!! Hitting the gym?
still a packer fan for life.. even if they lost to the giants
that sucks
Poor bitch came into work today with a condom stuck to her shoe...
We're donating 15% of our sales from today back to CARES! Stop by Paesanos Midtown and support a great cause!
FROSTY PURPLE FIRE LSD Bubba is back to melt your pains away by VERY popular demand! SFV OG is in, sssoo strong! Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com
Six days and counting to the Youth Foundation's Birdies For Bunks / Golf On A Stick at Western Lakes, visit www.wsfpfoundation.org for info.
It was me! I was looking for my husband after the water station there... hope you had a good run!
Guess I should check in more often so that you know my corpse isn't littering the floor unnoticed for weeks..;)
ALL BIG fans follow
Removed from dvr.. Such a shame.
I'm just talking with myself and hoping someone likes it?
After watching the debate on Saturday, we now know what happened to Rick Perry … Bachmann and Cain had him subjected to water-boarding!
Soo apparently my mom wants to move me schools now .
I really don't like commercials cuz sumtimes they show the same 1ns over again
So sorry! But so funny!
yeah, a hot baby hahaha he was in the weight room after school and i couldnt stop staring lol
you would post something like that
FYI, after Julie Browman reported G.Karl told #Nuggets they could finally slow down, #Lakers finished on a 32-20 run in the final 9 min
I wish I knew back then, what I know now.
Long awaited Chicfila visit is about to happen...!!!!!!!
For you Once Upon A Time fans: If it came down between Snow White and the Queen, I'd pick the queen. She's the true victim here.
thanks for following
Countdown to hosting PACCIN guests at ATX. Curious if free beer & flatbread will be more popular than the talk ? ;)
Amy Winehouse......love that bitch....
Dear Twitter, You aren't helping me study for U.S. History.
Yep. Until this year it was all open. The GOP sued to close theirs, the Dems decided to leave theirs open.
“: Might need that second cup of coffee this morning! X-)”You should have told me, I would've sent a big ol cup with Doug!!
They say love is the key..Well sumbody change the lock
Current and aspiring Location Managers, ALM's, Location Scouts, Researchers and Location Assistants. Major event announcement coming soon!
I know you. Physiofit will be the best. Any client who is willing to do the work will find the person they were meant to be.
Mine is not working either. I think there is too many people on at the same time
wait how long was he on for?
I think i have an obsession with twizzlersss #YUM made my mom go out and buy me some(:
Keep hammering at it!
Today's lessons: 1. The Gettysberg Address is tough to memorize. 2. My 5th grader is much smarter & a far better memorizer than me.
That bipolar feeling of feeling so good, but so exhausted after a good workout >>
ugh long day packing.....
I'm impressed with what I've seen so far at the #grammys .. Loved the Beach Boys segment!
#RealTalk RT : I'm hoping all U Mughpfukkas are watching SCANDAL! is killin it & needs your support!
Nice bit from Harrow: "he outwits the Wits!"
I know right? Crazy shit... I think we have a pretty good shot at a W here too. But I really think next year is our year
Thank you! I need the anti-argument too (w/accompanying rant or not). :-)
things are going well. You?
Reggie Evans was late for today's game because he was stuck in traffic after filming the final episode of this seasons Gangland.
hey soul sister
Oh, its hard to find somebody new, when the only one I'm looking for is you.
The Jewish holiday Purim is celebrated today. Wish your family & friends across the country a happy Purim by recording a Qwip!
omg!! Im watching that! That was hilarious!!! Lol :D
lol yes they are, since when did it become the norm for guys to straighten their hair? lol tell that to your parents :D
Hi Steve. We'll see if we can get the video from them. Thanks for the heads up and good luck!
RT in terms of one play deciding the game, Clutch is making the BEST possible decision to win the game in that moment
Just came face to face w/ Phoenix Jones. Trip to Seattle: complete!
#ReplaceBritneySongWithStarbucks = Dear Starbucks , please Gimme Starbucks ! --
Well there goes another 2 mins of productivity for me each afternoon...ha! Good stuff as always, H3!
The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other
If you want to stay ahead of the game with sports. Join Email list. I will send you our episodes every Mon. DM me your emails
Mark Laurin citing Bersin - 80% of workforce learning: on-demand, social, embedded. Presenting at ISPI-FRC in Denver.
stock market sadness today.
Well, hanging by the pool will have to remain a morning or evening activity if it doesn't drop below 98°
Say, bankers, what are you doing, are you getting too much mortgage? [1944]
Omg this is amazing!!!
I didn't spray the pan.
I'm way more tired after a morning Workout
Behind The Scenes At Milos Raonic’s New Harry Rosen Ad Campaign [Video] Canadian superstar Milos Raonic debuted in a new Harry Rosen ad c
Freddie Mac: 30-year fixed mortgage hits new record low at 3.79%
Will be off from work in solidarity w/ #generalstrike Nov 2. Join us all as we tell politicians 2 start listening to us!
i'm a pencil stealer
Hey :p this is hacking readyjelly....fun day nd ready to who out! FNS!!!
Listening to BABY by the one and only JB
just presented JBara to investors and other companies at Capital Innovators' demo day
cool, for sure!
#Rangers relief pitcher Robbie Ross with his fourth win tonight. At 4 wins he is now tied with the
Your Welcome! Have a lovely weekend!
Sweet baby jesus is in my pants - in the bathroom stall
money in my pocket and my pills powder blue
she's a cutie!
Forbidden Island is good for the kids. But since it's a lighter version of Pandemic my wife & I don't play it much
we out here!
haven't eaten all day :O
Nice brezzy day ... Outside for a Friday
Joe smith is gonna dominate this inning.
Hello All!
Did you know you can book your cab, monitor progress and pay your fare with your #TaxiMagic app? www.broadwaycab.com
Everyone always comments on my earrings in an odd way. Yes, they're skulls. Yes I have skulls in my second hole as well. Shut up it's cute.
Yes, it's beautiful work!
nice theme
For my birthday present, I'd like to keep my good ol' Facebook Page and for Timeline to go away please.
Quiet week in Classic Rewind Land. Except for a couple of new axes. A black Yamaha bass and a red Jackson. See you all in Centerburg!
hey I hear there's real bad weather in Chicago today *be careful* be safe with your travels today hope u have a wonderful day
hell yeah. Sounds like fun.
oh, so, my babe doesn't want to tweet me yes or no? that's cool.
"2/3 of credit union members have kids who are NOT members!" There are huge opportunities for growth here.
Doin' some Industrial Work for Pepsico. While drinking my Coke Zero. Oops.
Night! Sleep well!!
Watching this weak was movie :/
Like..I just wanna hump justin yuh kno..
": Ideas flowing like poison from the wounds in my soul"
Come to Vegas!!! Get dibs on a room now and pick dates later tripdibs.com
dam ur the sexiest chick alive .. I was wondering when are u visiting chicago ?
Im too old i think RT : I'm going to a casting call the 14th! Haha I don't think they're ready for me
Even in tough times, contemporary art sells via
I'm so stressed out and I feel like I don't have ANYONE it sucks
Dear Author: No need to mention awards for something unrelated to writing. Talent in another area doesn't make you a talented writer, alas.
Is that good or bad?
its hump day!
you been to New Orleans?
just made my day!!
At risk of setting you back, I really think you should just Chillax to some Skrillex. womwomwom
Carnival!!! With ;) why guys no laugh like niall :'(
Wow...this is so unreal! #RestInPeace Etta James
I was teasing about the Gita & fruits of labor. My humor is mostly self-amusing. Your time's arrow shot all the way to Fall.
Interested in creating an account. Is it possible to download code/files/etc. once created if alt. hosting desired?
one more day in NJ
Best of bacon #5: Southern bacon fried green with Mac and Cheese
Cleaning is so refreshing! I can think now! Sigh of relief!
Me and 's and 's parents are bonding.
I came to win... No excuses
hooray something more to celebrate tmw.
Do companies invest in vision and mission statements anymore? If so, what is your organization’s mission or vision statement?
Of all the things I'm looking forward to the most post-grad school, being able to see the top of my desk again is high on the list.
Just convinced I made-out with someone
John finished at 11:49, 7:50 pace. Now at 5 minutes ahead. Nice. Robb is running a 5k for his next leg. Should be easy for him.
meh, I'm not that interesting
cataloging Lewis Baltz photographs makes me especially grateful I didn't move to Orange County.
Thank you for your Retweet
I already asked.. No one answered me -__-
Trying to decide if I will check luggage or take carry-on only.
they're all laughing cause his first kiss was katelyn we all know that and bryan doesn't hahahaha
RT That commercial (Avion) make me wants to have some shots Lol already there;)
Free promotion site on my profile. get way more followers fast. Hey lets' follow for follow? whatdyasay?
words to live by
awee I love you guys! Amazing music <3 :)
If I...can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
Tonight at 9 pm est, on PBS: SHERLOCK...season 2, episode 2. This episode is called "The Hounds of Baskerville"...don't miss it!
gooooooodniiiight mahomiess<3. hopefully we can get more followers tomorrow(: -erica♥.
steps. Quit In your car, quit with coffe, quit with work, etc. fin your stressors and minimize em
Following u back now
Kudos to the M&S. But a huge THANKS to the many more librarians & advocates who are unrecognized but continue to kick ass & carry on
Yeah I will be! My first music video will be out in before Christmas, and then I'll be planning a tour for summer!
I feel like dancing cumbias.
When I go to the movies I put my phone on airplane mode
Milhouse has some of the best lines in the show!
and found innocent by a jury of his peers.
Safer than Deer Run RT "brooklyn is dangerous" tweets<<<<<<
Sweet #edtech panel at #technapex to learn factors driving success. Talk to users & A/B test
sixers - heat, eastern conference finals
WA surf trip on Sat. Yes, the water is < 50F. Yes I'm serious. It's gonna be epic…ly cold :p
Country music fans. Go download "living for the weekend" EP from
Me: enjoy tht sandwich Cam: its a shit sandwich, guess who made it my dad. Guys can't make sandwiches. Only women can. -.- no fail
Pls follow to learn how you can help kids badly hurt in the crash that killed their parents, our Houston friends.
The conference today was great! Speaking on the panel was fun, learned a ton, and met so many incredible women.
We've got a CNC Router (built by some members) as well as a small CNC Mill, and a MakerBot CupCake...
anyone else turn their webcam away from their face because they fear being watched or like the camera stares straight into their soul?
us too amanda! rt Thanks for following! Excited for the coming season.
Thank you for thinking of us & the mothers we care so much about!
We Are Legion
Thank you tweeples for the play by plays!
#Jesus #quote Romans6:23 For sin pays its wagedeath; but #God's free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus our Lord.
I wonder if sitting shiva will become obsolete. it seems everybody is sending condolences over twitter nowadays. myself included.
Are you going? RT : Sometimes it doesn't pay to get your tickets early! ;) Still can't wait for CHICAGO.
RT : A5. Multiple lines of income comes from multiple crops idea: if wheat market is down, maybe cattle market is up.
#7DAYS TILL THE BEST MOVIE THIS YEAR... THIS IS SWEET!!!
To make wearable sensors pervasive, they need to be comfortable, hassle-free--and telling you something useful.
Presentation on teaching 19C culture in an interdisciplinary course- art, lit & education. Students kept sketch books, drew to understand
Thanks!! Good luck to you too! =)
thank you is the greatest thing you can say to anyone, it is what we say to God...
I believe you I live in austin and im standing looking out my window and it hurts my eyes its terrible
thank you for the support
hm hope i have a free tomorrow. because if i dont..then my link research paper isnt getting done. i dont think i have a free though..
Really cool! I like! ~LS
Ha! You deserve a glass... or two.. or three.
what an amazing start to Raw ! Falls count match is awesome !!
has hollywood gone broke? all they seem to do is make really bad movies and remake movies with really bad acting! no creativity anymore!
Thank you! My wife found this and I really liked it. It is a different and complicated grief...
how are you?
Image rotators change focus unexpectedly and can interfere with web legibility,
Yes I know I am crazy. I just signed up for the Boston to Big Sur Challenge. 2 Marathons, 2 Coasts, 13 Days. Who else wants to play?
if only I could say the same about my cookies. They are annoyingly near by...
How'd I miss that? Way to show up a librarian, jerk ;)
“: Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. -William A. Ward” -
Still awaiting 4 some1 2 tweet where I work. I threatned them if they fire me there wld be reprocussions. I don't have to wk just get check.
Stay tuned for my next piece of street verite: "Scooby Doo Loves Jesus (and Weed)"
I am now something like 23 for 23 with the hiccup cure. It's one of my favorite things. Makes me very happy to contribute to the world.
take a photo of the game and upload to Earn cash.
they'll be more money, the store I got it from is like a discount store
Time for some Lestah! LET'S GO SOX!!!!
Spring practice is just a few weeks away...
Mama got the cookies I sent for Mother's Day. She already ate 2 of the 12. It's not even the weekend yet.
It's okay I've been told I'm only a danger to myself and others.
Come on Huskers!
I really want to hate on the Three Stooges movie but the commercials keep making me laugh.
You'll be hearing from us soon!
Thanks for following..Much love..
If home is where my heart is, then my heart has lost all hope
Woohoo! Enjoy! RT : with taking advantage of some good beer & restaurant week
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Please tell me that's not in ur house. I love that arcade game
Thank the good Lord for the weekend.. :-)
Thanks for using ShowClix Kevin :) We hope you enjoy the event!
Ask yourself what elements the reporter will need to tell the story. Don't send all over town, bring it all to one location.
We smell spring!! Custom beach balls and tank tops are right around the bend, bands!
These fuckin ppl in my class are got damn retards ugh help me
Im in da most terrible of moods rite now, wit nobody to help a nigga feel better... Smh.... I guess it wud be best if i was solo-dolo today
Morning! Make it a great day! 😄
Our deepest and most sincere best wishes to the people of Tokyo and all parts of Japan! And Hawaii! Keep the faith!!!
the number of people i've told to #losemynumber is unreal.
The people you can meet at 6:00 a.m. yoga is amazing!
Has ever been kissed? #IWantToKnow :)
#amazing how somebody's life can become a story.
So what if you don't measure up to what they feel you're supposed to be, There's someone who will take u as is! #F***them lol
Analysis of the Mexican and Central America and Caribbean Contact Center Outsourcing Services Market
Lincoln MKT with EcoBoost features Electronic Power Assisted Steering (EPAS), which enables the optional self-steering Active Park Assist
I am worried that my germ a phobish behaviors will get even worse
Yes very fucker
my question is how is that done exactly????
where is my invite bro! Altho is a cool ass dude as well
Guys I got a solo for my chorus concert next weeks! I guess this makes up for me not getting into 1 of the choirs I wanted?
Bad Girls Club 9: Mexico!
i am indeed.. its so lonely!
RT : workplace, culture, diversity, mentoring, VET, IT, training, web, course materials, Sydney.. Bio:
My love is deep as the ocean. . . <3
sex in the air, I don't care. I love the smell of it!(;
Hey, Trina, welcome to Twitter. Check out who I'm following, and search your interests at search.twitter.com.
when it comes to that horoscope bullshit (which I do believe in) I have characteristics of both a Taurus and Aries.
Great to meet you today! Praying this week. Can't wait to meet on Friday!
250am who is up
No clue yet! Times should be announced soon!
Wow. I feel amazing.
Going to see #Transformers soon
Hundreds attended AMC's annual meeting this weekend. AMC Chapters, Adventure Travel, Conservation and other meetings at UMass Boston.
TY! RT Saluting fine wine gals
We'd like to intro a Brent Corrigan line. Please call me.
Shocked, disappointed, and outraged that you have given this man a platform. Who next, Kenneth Cole?
You changed your name??
message me if you know good tips for generating high pr backlinks
he thinks their stupid. That would be the last thing he would buy me. :( plus I didnt ask for it, he just surprised me :)
1 of the best things about 5/11 show: Sitting next to 's mom and hearing her hoot & holler for her son.
Why is the coffee pot always empty right about the time u really need that 5th cup?!
I LOVE YOU! <3
Day was just made :)) got an interview at massage envy!
Preparing for this weekend's Juneteenth event at the MoAD in San Francisco. Genealogy classes for all. More info, www.moad-sf.org.
Could Aspirin have other health benefits? Scientists are hard at work trying to determine if Aspirin could help prevent Type 2 Diabetes...
