Awesome! Goodnight!
its been so long since i lost my way
yes sir i think so (: For Brain Bang workshop will there be a meet & greet?
I accidentally left my Greek yogurt at home today, have been starving all morning.
im never fucking good enough im going to try to get my masters degree and you still say im stupid
that and the gym
Coincidence? Alkaline-forming foods are many of the foods drs. & nutritionists have been telling us to eat more of for years.
A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people. ~Gandhi
oh dear. Do I have to? I HATE comment threads. They make me fear for civilization.
Please yourself, because people will only tear you down!
Thank you so much for following me! Please visit my Passions by K page on Facebook! Make sure to tell your friends as well!
same psychiatrist: phone/email hacking and political bribery are benevolent gestures toward a populace needing shepherding.
Lost piercing and other small … But amazing! « صحيفة جعفر ...
The scariest thing about distance is that you don’t know whether they’ll miss you or forget you
Come to Friday night (4/27) and watch a geek movie, courtesy of Probably Johnny Mnemonic, w/ drinking game. :)
him today is gonna be a nice day and tomorrow i will start my one week Turkey trip :)
thx 4 the tweet! RT : Pick up the latest & C R friends from talk abt running their family business!
wonder twin powers activate
Steal her heart , not her virginity .. <3
Just saw Manu from Spurs at the mall :D
I think we are going to start having bands on thur what do you think?
Sitting here going thru Joel Ward tweets..shameful and sad! Not surprising..just shameful and sad
Oh dear god. Winching FAIL.
i am really proud of how far you came you are a true inspiration <3
Glad you escaped Delmarva.
omfg did i see a tear in colton's eye while joshua was singing at the end
2 Million For Greyson Chance :) 2 million enchancers now,a big big family,I love U Greyson<3
I think Alec Baldwin's deactivated twitter account should have a twitter account, a la #
Brayan. I love u man. Your positivity is inspiring. To quote tony Pena. I believe!
Every time the Steelers lose, an angel gets its wings.
yes we are starting at 11 please tell your friends.
Love it! Thanks for your response.
wife's thinking about getting AppleCare for comp. wanted to point her to your extended warranty pod but can't find. Link me?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 52
Brooklyn Nights, New York Life, Stay out late, I'm gonna Marry The Night.
"sometimes a broken heart needs a break away"
if a student buys a chromebook to use at school, will they be able to use their school GApps login?
if Getz is not traded what is wrong with a platoon? Getz is playing very well. Even advanced numbers say that this year
-smiles- what's up
Always stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
how can we book you for some stand up?
Dear Lord, help me to divorce my past, date my present and marry my future!!!
why are they do fucked up in Est Europe?
Your Acting Like It .
AM flight home from Cali just declaring my undying love for New York
pretty much - though I do love the shipping program.
There it is: mentioned "orgone".
I cant decide who lays a bigger guilt trip or Together they could make water feel guilty cuz its wet.
It's official...Colony Grill in Stamford is the best pizzeria on the planet.
If you collect one silver or gold coin every month for the next 5 yrs, will you be financially better off than today? www.budurl.com/CWTHY
I love tyra ! She is the most amazing person ever!<3
Knowledge sharing & transfer often requires writing internal user guides. Another style of writing I picked up outside of academia.
Jusss got homee dudes gunna stop by then dream land it is:)
thank you so much hannah!!! there should be more people like you :)
follow back :)
Some chicks live in crop jackets.. smh
I wish I had a delete button in my life. To delete some people, some memories, and some feelings.
:) m tlkin to a major cutie ()
sweet. just call me an "editorial consultant."
Hey #SteelerNation - thanks for getting us to #200 in 2 days - by this time next year we should have about #365,000 #SimpleMathRight ?
Down 2 the final parts of #Rainbow. The Religion Section makes me wanna quit religion altogether but be #hopeful religious tolerance is near
Just saw this guy who looked like Lou Diamond Phillips and then I felt really old for even knowing who that is.
that's cool. I may throw a party. Need to be fine for that
Yeah, and I'm a walking sucker. I ended up with an Australian cattle dog when one ran up to me one day and said, "Mama!"
Feelings very hurt. A website I worked my ass off for free was taken down.
Officially this new year has been a piece of shit for me !
Great, thanks! I emailed Your site looks amazing, btw.
you are laaaatttteeee
Still haven't even started the APWH review that's due tomorrow. #fml Eh, never mind I'm just not going to do it
#Whitney on #Glee Love
Brian Matusz: "Secrets" by Loose Cannon Trio
thanks! i'll follow you (: & i'll try to find you on facebook. i have to reactivate my account.
Have flowers and chocolate #onbarter?
Swisher singles to CF. 2 men on, 1 man out.
San Serif. Classic....
I hope comes to NYC with Austin.
see? RT : Holiday gift idea: more books.
#ChocolateAffair This Saturday you don't wanna miss it. & gon sho' up and sho' out!!!
Reading workshop -_-
Saturday evening #supermoon stalking photo shoot meetup?
did u get the last dm?
is it sad to say that this wasn't the first time i've heard this
Lol alright thanks man
I wonder what Pierre McGuire looked like with hair and without glasses.
I dont mind smelling like a #triathlete, but doesnt mean my family does!! I do it for them too!!
Church Time! :)
Mr. Cosell has gone too far...talking about my #Browns...hahahaha!!!
A lot of my mind.. Straight up
A week from tomorrow #apocalypticlove by comes out. Can't wait, gonna be great.
I'm all showered, room is clean, tummy is full, teeth are brushed, face has been washed, and I'm all comfy in bed. I can rest easy!
": RT IF Jeremy Lin was playing the #knicks would have lost"yep d.rose woulda had ten more pts cant defend
do you know what this current wind gusts are at for the pflugerville/round rock area?
got at least 15 new albums on my itunes today
If you hated me as much as you say you do then you wouldn't waste you time constantly talking about me.
Beer drinkers have a bigger “gut” than other alcohol drinkers.
#digitalindia Consider your needs. Be creative. Experiment. Estab goals. Learn from mistakes. Celebrate success. Repeat...
This nigga is taking forever !
Sure thing!
Today - Try our #Crazy grilled cheese sandwich with spicy pepperoni, pickled onions and brown mustard, served with side choice for $6.50!
that's always happening to you O.o
It just happens that #synthetic #marijuana abusers are often diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
RCDC Experiment @ Jazz a Vienne in Lyon, France.
It's alright. Busy with school. I have a phone... but I guess you prefer twitter lol.
gahhh I'm so sorry for not being able to watch the resent videos:/ I've been at rehearsal almost at all times.
Wow. Apparently, phone booths are the new urinals.
Parenting is the hardest thing in my life I've had to encounter.
Glamour mag says almost 25% of girls wouldn't date a guy who does Fantasy Football...what about you? 222-9800
miss you too mama! I hope I see you soon, since I'm your favorite bartender now!! 😉😘 😁
Happy Birthday to you!
I miss those old days when you could just walk up to someone and be like wanna be best friends? And they would say yes. No one is real now .
WHY THE FUCK DOES IT EVEN EXIST? Item of the day: Non-clumping kitty litter.
That awkward moment when you start telling a story & you realize no one's listening, so u slowly fade out & pretend you never said anything
Got mine from at Code4Lib -- they're going viral. Answer is YES!
When did "based off of" replace "based on"? Because the shift has definitely happened, as surely as Grimm's Law.
Let's not wait too long. Be prepared like boy scouts
That was mean:(
Hey Hon and how are you????
go casual, don't make it look like you spent a lot of time on your appearance. (:
Friday Facts! All about #learningdisabilities today on the blog. www.knowledgesafari.com
A big mama deer has bedded down in the backyard today. She seems to be munching on the last leaves of the raspberry bushes :)
RT : Sic Saturdays tonight 240 E Pittsburgh. It's party time fun craziness. Extra bass weekly. no cover
Testing out a desktop app called Seesmic. I'm still on overload with regards to how many conversations are going on!!! Ha!
I GOT A PUPPY FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Hey Drew, care to come on our podcast and talk about HEAT (Burt Reynolds) this Saturday at noon? We'd love to have you.
Stats from on his Run Across America: 1326 miles down; 10,000 calories consumed per day; 5lbs lost
I like older women, I'm sorry.
you know where your going to grad school?
How can you say New England is an elite offense this season? Teams have obviously found they can disrupt / confuse Brady.
Officer,get Off us sir!
Would my fondness for MATCH POINT cause either of you to reconsider your opinion? (How about SCOOP?)
“: Alil bored tho” same lets move around
I'm telling you this because you don't get it. You think you get it, which is not the same as actually getting it. Get it?
My mind wonders because Casioa have.too think do every ones Casio Nate swagger
Thanks for sharing!
Good Morning, #Madison! Lets get it.
u in atlanta?
i gotta play that at every party, it hits hard
Last night, no words to explain. Hell of a good night. (:
In real life, I'm waking up alone. It's one more night you didn't make it home. I'm gettin' used to being on my own.
*Le sings* HEY HEY YOU YOU I DONT LIKE YOUR GIRLFRIEND NO WAY NO WAY I THINK YOU NEED A NEW ONE HEY HEY YOU YOU I CAN BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND
Getting hit by a car, even if doesn't hurt, really takes the fun out of a jog.
Even though I can't go to "How Not to Interview" (and missing ) tonight, I hope students are planning on attending!
“ Former JET program teachers looking for #Fukushima community orgs or fire depts to stream donation Ideas pls
fuck u been @
getting ready for my band concert in an hour. What about you? (: x
No one gives two shits about what you're saying!
Watching Magic City. Between this and Luck, I'm left to conclude that unintelligible dialogue is the new source of TV street cred.
yea no I'm not and I'm not a "Cover Girl either
-- Very weird.
We love Chuck! RT : TONIGHT 6-8PM webinar w/: "Bullying: What Every Educator Should Know & Do" ft.
Mr. Clemens the funny Biology teacher in 8th grade
Noted! Thinking about the Lagunitas WTF, ever had that one yet? Also what Bootlegger's do you like?
k bye twubby ! *blows a kiss*
lol Um how about like or somethin like that lol
#BroadbandBreakfast a trusted friend or relative is the key connector for most Seniors, says Tom Koutsky of
shoutout to whoever whatch 106&park tonight but u goota follow me
more tracking guitars today excited for this all to be done hope everyone is is too
wait you're meeting them wut
Why everybody think they big cheifers
Oh yea I'm semester. So you are supposed to be in holiday soon...
#summerSale 10%-70% OFF entire store. Do a little #SHOPPING, stay for a little #YOGA! this friday, saturday and sunday only!
Lol girl i wanted so bad plus No pain No gain that jawn aint hurt l
The VERY LOUD FAN in my office just turned off for the first time since I started here six weeks ago. I don't know how I feel about this.
I don't like it when my friend acts like a bigger mahomie than I am no your not I was the one that I found on youtube.
Bush Jr. Aka shrub
#IWishYouKnew how good I would treat you if you were mine
hey what's up friend? U in the states or abroad?
I'm exhausted
I wonder when #UrbanMeyer beats Florida, if he'll be disliked just as the Head Ball Coach is now around the Ville for "betraying Florida"
YOU NEED TO SEE THEM!!! that sounds like a party :)
Nice work !
hahaha i love this......all i have to say is HHI ahah
I love my baby idgaf who dont like it ❤
Graduated Elements today! Goal this week: complete 1 Xfit WOD every day till May.
I can't decide which is my favorite: the D&D ep or the first paintball ep of Community.
Late night call for help to remove a virus. If you think something is weird - get to it early. Longer it lingers the more damage it does!
Ok Im Finna Text Yu Now
so sorry to hear about your missed ride. What company did you call? Thanks mytservice.com. Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
The game is at seven so get to Valhalla early! Go #Rice Owls!
Glad you enjoyed AJ Bombers
Baby boy, you stay on my mind, fulfill my fantasies; I think about you all the time, I see you in my dreams 😏
To endorsements metting they gave it to me. 2nd one I had to be a home wrecker & lay on my back & point my heels to Jesus! Wink Joetellez!
O.K can you follow me I follow you
Caffeine is an addictive asshole.
Just finished my photo shoot damn im exhausted :)
It is 16-7 at halftime. Seems like it could be much worse.
. What does it matter if raised more? San Diegans don't care who raised the most
but what do you see?
Oh, that might work, too. Both? And faceball?
Always a treat sitting in the middle seat of an airplane...next to a crying infant and a dog.
Enjoying a pre-game #greygoose with then off to before the nucks game.
ShoutOut to the new followers FollowFollowFollow =]
I HOPE YOU CHOKE ON EVERY PROMISE YOU'VE MADE!
Follow me back my Real life Chris Brown ( : && ii miss you big bully !!
Good Lookin On The Shout!!
Old woman walking out of the liquor store w/ a handle of KG. There's a couch in a nursing home lobby somewhere thats getting lit up tonight.
I'm with you on this one. You and I are from the West Coast - do you think that has something to do with it?
still smh doe
If u had a choice getting pay a) $1 million/mo vs. b) adoubling penny every day for a month, which would u choose? #mh2012 | I'd choose b)
2 am in the morning, and I can't sleep -_-
Happy Birthday I hope you take a break from politics long enough to celebrate it! :)
You too Terry. Happy New Year.
#FF University of New Mexico
was just attacked by Christmas. It fell on me. Hurt my back defending myself. Hubby had to come to my rescue.
I get them today!
Nice!! #soulful #music #pop #Latin - - #California Dreamin' :-P
THANK YOU for the follow; so glad to find out about you! Definitely will attend some of your classes!
Why, thank you! RT : #FF She is the active retweeter you want in your circle of tweeps!
Pumped to watch a Yankee great and my fav pitcher of all time make his comeback. Let's go get
This kids look cute maybe cause the powers out and were in the dark
I grade Comp II research papers on five metrics: Originality, Argument, Research, WC, and MLA. Points off for grammatical mistakes.
The feared and dreaded paya...
no one told us life gonna be easy -_-
you are a pussy.
Bitches is catchin' feelings, que cute. :)
sammich saved for tomorrow became midnight snack. Yeah got ett now have stomach ache Figures. Also wobbly from finale sob!
An idea unrecorded is an idea often lost- Zig Ziglar
RT : Where has procrastination gotten you so far?
I'm loving this Chicago weather 😊, I can't stand the Houston heat 😡
Finally caught up on my emails. Woot!
Becoming well known (at least among your prospects & connections) is the most valuable element in the connection process. (#Gitomer)
Thanks for making this a great day! RT : A fun day working with Loveland teachers on using Google Docs in the classroom!
so cool, how many have you got now?
i'm glad someone thinks i'm funny
I woke up this morning thinking shit is getting real very quick
thanks 4 the follow
Tomorrow is a new day! Refocus, recharge, reload
Today we lost one the greatest female vocalists of all time, rip Whitney Houston, thoughts and prayers go out to your family.
sounds like you are going to have to do a remote in Vegas!
(ksenia) racing to finish our very first 3D animation project, due tomorrow, looks cool
Don't wear white after Labor Day
childish gambino concert june 12 at the hardrock in orlando. Lets go!!
“: numba one hater is <$ i got love fo yall~” hate you? nigga, i love you<3c; im not this mean to anyone else
re 'no pony': good, but that's a lot of budget analysis to go w/o mention of revenue save tangential 1 at end.
Lick but once from the lollipop of mediocrity, and chances are you will suck forever... ;)
Super loud!!! #UNLVmbb RT : Cheer LOUD for the Cowboys tonight! RT: Hello #Wyoming. We meet again
I've told you to be careful, you've just never fucking listened.
In other more positive news 30 day gym/ exercise challenge ( exercising every day) day 1 dragging myself back to the gym.
Madonna: &#39;I wanted to sing with Adele at the Superbowl&#39;
Dr. Bingham will receive her award tomorrow at 7 p.m. in the Michael D. Rose Theatre. The ceremony is free and open to the public!
you just made this whole thing sound a lot cooler...and hotter. Haha.
Once again, MOMENTS*
My choir will be opening up for tonight at Herbst Theater in San Fransico,CA ...BE THERE!!
WHO GOT A MIXTAPE ON THE WORKS I CAN SPIT A 16 TO?! #HIPHOP (YEA, I FLOOW!) ha'
Vote for our Bloody Mary recipy on facebook, on the absolut page, best Bloody Mary then click on CA, then on San Francisco Bloody Cable Car
So, choose which quality you’ll need for the printer and go ahead and take chance of the longer printing experience
do you have 16g?
Its really cold so im in bed but im still cold
China is a prime example, their income inequality makes the US look like Cuba
Get a luxury sedan
#Constantine and his stupid arch taking up my weekend. Nunc est bibendum, ya fool.
It's warm & sunny on our secluded courtyard! Helltown Extra Sinfull Bitter, All Saints IPA & Voodoo, East End Monkey Boy & Duchesse on draft
Putting the finishing touches on my Flipping houses home study course! Cant wait til my seminar/workshop next month at the BWI Airport...
Help me get to 500 followers!!
So Caspers nluv w/me.Not but Casper my Beardie.How do I kno?He displayed his little "dominance" move 2me from across the room
yes marge is ready to party!
But I got some lemonade this shit good as fuk!
no problem!
IF ANYONE IS COMING TO AUSTIN MAHONES CONCERT IN LOS ANGELES...WE SHOULD EXCHANGE NUMBERS AND MEET UP!!! I WANNA MEET YOU ALL!! SO EXCITED!!
"Infected puss" - jacqui hinde
Just got to watch my daughter, perform at convo at . Way cool! Thank you for all you do!
Thanks, Marcus! is pretty rad. Please keep us updated on everything in Chicago.
I have been begging for answers that you, and only you can give to me.
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day! Make sure to thank all the special teachers in your life today :)
If you say "Gullible" slowly, it sounds like "Oranges"..
Doing presentations after a fun "Lunch break"
justin has nice boobs
Going to fuckin scream.
"You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition."
So ends one of the greater tongue-biting exercises of my life...
Want to know how actress Elaine Del Valle turned frustration into career success? JOIN OUR LIVE STREAM TONIGHT 5:00 PST/ 6:00 MST/ 8:00 EST.
Haha you're not THAT bad. You just can't draw a mermaid. :P
(Twitter hashtag practices -- I'd estimate about 2/3rds of the time I use hashtags I'm being humorous. #frivolvity 1/3rd = conferences.)
I was making one for fun! Im a rebel!
Great resource! Thanks for featuring and Master Talent Teachers!
rihanna cant sing live!!!
why not dude? O:
I Can't Breathe Through My Nose. 😨
So true!
Heir Whitetrash the only pitcher afraid of Jose Molina
I wear stuff like that -- just not out in public. ;-) I spend 99% of my life in pajamas, tho, and love every minute of it.
aww/: well I'll keep you in my prayers! <3 hope everything gets better and soon
#3wordsduringsex What's my name? (lmao)
Good night people i'm gonna play Xbox and wont get back to twitter so good night when ever you sleep!! =)).
hi again-I'm doing better as u saw n the pic-good to hear from u again!
It's hot as a bihhh at the derby
I swear to GOD , im comthable (;
Yay! :) That's cause he rocks and sends me amazing #craftbeer from Tx you got a shout out too :)
Hi Lorna! :) Happy Friday, how's my favorite movie maker? :)
Welcome back to #Vegas , , & #Twitter fanatic And, of course, welcome home
lol you brought Harry into this i brought Zayn into it lol
dear etc: pretty sure love of Big Bang Theory has led me to my future husband. Naming my first child "Leonard"
I'm Hanna and you?
just talking to you, wbu?(;
happy birthday!
Not surprising : ) : RT Covet a Mill Valley bungalow? ~ I live in a MV bungalow! ~ A fabulous one, at that!"
Saw you @ the Anthony Jeselnik taping. Never found that movie popcorn butter oil stuff to be that convincing either...
Really next time just tackle me because I'm awful at hugs.
seeing old friends from fb on my "who to follow" module really urks me.
feeling bad.. Bae isn't here to comfort me!
Follow me? please (:
Meat puzzle
Didn't know about a PSA from freshman year...interesting! Share more.
I thought it would be more super.
what's good homie
Good times at Dunwoody Art Festival. Quick bite then private event at 7!
Just saw Justin Bieber Jennifer Hudson cee lo @ Christmas @ Washington
When al people do is complain, shat ap.
follow back.
everywhere but virginia...
The are expected to make their next QB official tonight. Follow for updates from Indy.
no way! We just took a hopper to Kauai. Sophie and me are chasing chickens
Your on radio Disney TTYLXOX!!!!!!!!! i luv that song!!!
Back on my "no more boxing until Mayweather Vs Pacman" horse which conveniently turns to glue every time there is a fight.
You're most welcome and thank you!
The Wind Power Happy Hour is back at Cannery Grill in Downtown Sun Prairie! Going on right now!
Too bad Clippers. Ha!!! Losers!
Tina Howe's "hobbies include water aerobics and Baroque music."
you da bestest!! Nothing is better than your child.
oh darn my wish came true
Squire of Gothos
Looking forward to meeting with tonight to learn more about their Turn A Life Around campaign
We belong together like Microhoo.
#ThoughtsAtWalmart why am I still in here?
RT All the Digital Humanists Are White, All the Nerds Are Men, but Some of Us Are Brave HASTAC: woot !
#20ThingsAboutMe, I would kill for tanner skin, whiter teeth, and lighter hair.
Happy Friday...but, more importantly...Happy Autumn!!!!! #I'mlovin'it!!!
interesting, I got about 35 DMs at the exact same time from various people
:/ oh well he tweeted u and u have mee;)
I'm chilling though. Idk what's going on. Though.
She is mighty cute.
I heard that we are very close to being at it again? :D har har har
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade
Hilarious. Maybe there should be a book called Tiger Dad.
Wonder what's going on. I saw 10 emergency vehicles fly by Union Station (downtown Seattle) headed south.
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app# 120039 Jewish Community Center.
Shivers is looking just fabulous! :) Hope all is well!
Some daze ya gotta charge extra for spell/grammar checks and copy rewrites in this #vo booth.
RT : There is a high wind warning posted for the Oregon Coast- gusts near 70 mph are possible from Long Beach to Florence...
Had an awesome first day at the #ereexpo. I hope everyone enjoyed my workshop! I certainly enjoyed giving it! Sleepy Time!..Z
impossible don't exist. <3
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
what's wow is that he lives in my city!
EMP Museum has a great project demo of their project that allows patrons to vote in a large crowd on music by raising their hand
hw come netball is nt a sport we hear abt newhere outside of the Caribbean? i personally wld luv 2 C it as an #Olympic Sport
And I am a recovering Catholic so that's amazing.
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
": Heard you rocked it at #mom2summit! Well done!" Great moderator, questions & audience made it a success!
“: Nice! What time does the show start?” we storm the stage at 7:45!
How's everyone enjoying their Friday? Anyone #Bowling tonight?
WHO THE HELL NAMES THEIR TIGER RICHARD PARKER IS THERE A SHORTER WAY FOR ME TO TYPE THIS OUT PLEASE.
Tonight Redstar has 3 venues in MKE, IVY, FLUID, and TRIANGLE!! See our flyers and see the beautiful people dancing/shot guy/girl!!!
Even though i've put him through alot in the past, im still he's little girl (: Happy Bday to my dad <3
We're glad you're here, man. Depends on what you like. QB's like Hallbrook. RB's like Plaza. George Bret likes Mission Hills.
no, what comment?!
what are the stakes
I didn't watch the video. I'm a reader. I did read up on Mangosteen, though, and I think about your elixir periodically.
Hi! I know things have been super busy! I'm trying to do a little tweeting on weekends, but hope to be more active again soon!
You ain't even gotta do the dishes got 2 dishwashers
At Grand Crossing Park Field House for CREATE meeting
RT : #edchat Teachers need to know enuf about tech to help students use it responsibly and ethically. Stu using it even if u r not!
Back in La La land... Sweet dreams xoxo
Now that's "old school" baseball! ZING!
CZ Wisdoms: "That "help" with a small "h"" - when working with students that need to be more independent researchers :)
Innerstate Ike major with out a major deal...alotta prayer and a Monster grind.. U scared ima be bigger then u niggas Lol too late 4 that!
The latter tells you something is broken...the former manages to change the environment -- is in sync with outside world -everyplace needs 1
Phil and Lil ate the craziest stuff lol smh
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!!!!! Have an awesome time tonight at the show!!!! :)
Thank you Combined Health Agencies for honoring KPSD with the Health Hero Award!
True story: I don't find guys that play guitar all that enchanting. In fact, it kind of creeps me out a bit.
Desperately needing some sun. Went looking for it in Maui last week but it wasn't there. All this rain is bringing me way down. *sigh*
Playstation+ Subscribers are going to get Rayman: Origins for $15 next month (and Trine 2 and Rock of Ages for free).
Thanks for the input! We will definitely be taking your consideration on the next tee design!
Follow my boy
He'll probably always have a place in my heart. <3
health i guess we have to draw a maze mine is like soo easy
Len Elmore just said (again) that Duke isn't athletic. Yea...Miles is a stiff...
RT I got the job at Tulsa Educare!! /// Congratulations!
A Gaugert garage sale?! Please tell me the old Titleists, TaylorMades and Callaways haven't gone yet!!
Impressed once again by MKG as he gives starting position to senior Miller
even here in Chicago my neighbor has a "Life w/o Jesus? How's THAT working?" sticker. "Fine, thanks. Shalom!"
I know exactly how you feel, i'm thinking too much and about not so good things
RT : Not just a park for Baldwin Hills, but for all of L.A.—larger than Central Park—oil field rights lay in the way...
Gone for a week and I have gained like 10 followers. Hello new people!
Googling "dreams about goldfish in odd places." Just a normal Monday.
that sounds like you need one pretty badly. Take a look at our site and contact us. We can hook you up with some designs!
#MyNextRelationship is going be more than attraction..it gotta be that feeling of seeing myself with this person for the rest of my life.
<3 it. RT : On phone: "Remind me what publication you write for?" "The Boston Globe. It's a start-up newspaper."
ditto “: Torque converter question: Hey guys i have a question about my tranny. "
As per our standard community policy, the Wifi connection is supported by bacon.
Release party date for Fair Play is set. Stay tuned for details
did you check it out then? If so whatd ya think? If not thanks for the RT :)
Cry babies dont get fed on this boulevard.
wow that was an amazing workout! Tea, some KDramas, then bed :)
do you wanna include Peyton Manning?
Squeeze and The English Beat live - the place to be tonight in Pittsburgh!
Listening to sing I'm Just A Summer Girl at the top of her lungs from the other room is gettin' me in the mood for SUMMER.
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The Pelican Vagina
Listening to a rehearsal recording of one of our new songs called "Youth in Conflict With the Law" and it sounds great.
u a writer?
I think girls are naturally fake!
always saying we won't be as good this year. No ever believes the stuff you sell. Congrats!
alright, #nictd. let's dock already. this girl wants to get her happy ass to bed in time for 's
cigarette before work.
Vote for who is incredibly hot
thanks for the follow Izzy! I'm Logan!
Whoa! You covered a lot of ground during your visit. Glad you spied "Fir Cottage" & thanks for your review. bit.ly/rgg6B3
AT THE AMWAY ARENA IN ORLANDO FOR AMERICAN IDOL AUDITIONS
Elliot Smith gives me so many feelings
Ask maggie she will know lol
. is thanking supporters here in Homewood after her primary loss to Cong. Jesse Jackson Jr
Whatever happened to the
Yeah, I'm reading Kirby's 4th World and I'm simply blown away by the constant barrage of new ideas.
i love you less than tomorrow and more than yesterday.
#hastac2011 Eric Hoyt, USC: make public domain materials available digitally. you shouldnt have to take a research trip to see this stuff.
I'm not a fan of not feeling good....
Quebec City is wonderful.
Can't stop watching the Pixar short films on ABC Family.
#AskBieber In 20 years, what are some accomplishments you want to have?
get on oovoo
#WeCantDateIf if you hate don't like me smoking weed
DREW IN LEATHER. <3
I'm awake, rested, and ready to preach unless you want to rely entirely on the Holy Spirit again this morning.
check out they're pretty awesome
Are most people silly? I realize you're possibly not, look at $AEGY$ and prove me correct
Aha, yeah it happens a lot. Lol Sorry again! & thanks you seem cool too! (:
Best 1D SONG EVER.
comes alive with rockers #LoveTurnsHate - great set for #HardRockRising. Two more bands to go in round 1. #SeeTheShow at HRC
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you're forced to. Happy New Year
wonderful, glad you made it out! TWB is looking forward to LWW as well!
then after that i haft to have an overnight retainer for the rest of my life
Its #smoove time next year
one of the "good guys" that stands for rightiousness. Not just another suit. You a real deal King, thanks keep it up!
Hm.... According to the calendar there is a pronounced lack of appropriate Irish consumables in this place. Must rectify!
Let's go heat
she wants you too ;)
idk just for something new
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
That I'm not sure of. But if that's the case, those would be the seats to go for.
Get it :) lookin cute!
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) #proudbelieber 22
Life is always uncertain, and common prudence dictates to every man the necessity of settling his temporal concerns, while it is in his powe
you sure do cough a lot haha
Why do I have you on my mind so much...
Well, my phone died. That could be beneficial, meaning no more distractions. Hopefully anyway.
I feel like shit.
this patient in the ER is OC - someone save me😩
Open house will be November 12. It'll be held in conjunction with a fundraiser , one of the community partners
go back to bed you silly little cunt
is my favorite :) shhhh
omg yess!! & she's asian bro, omg & ok, goodnight ♥
just dawned on me: if NASA hadn't been making plans to land on Mars, the Bloom Box would probably not have been developed.
Do you need a babysitter? Call Casey Anthony
it's not hard when you like the people your around!
you need to make a ton of football stuff soon. I've got plenty of presents to buy during the season
It feels so much like a Friday night, but it's a Thursday night and I still have to go to work tomorrow
I fucks with respect.
I'm sorry. Do something else and have fun.
#harrypotterlive I DONT WANT HARRY POTTER TO END!
RT : What are some of your favorite social tools you use to manage multiple social accounts?
I read the part in your book where you had to explain "Vanilla" to your mom. I lol on the train. Hilarious.
I feel like such a slacker these days...I don't like it
Time to suit up!
I don't give ya no good reason, but baby don't give up on me ♥
I totally did not see your message on my twitter feed (desktop version). I'll send gmail along DM.
Mission Possible! Ryan Braun wins steroids appeal!?
Kobe's not playing says Mike Brown. Dang... Wanted to see him fill it up tonight. Amazing Durant already has three scoring titles.
; nothing . what's up ?
#ff because she has a shiny new job.
Academy Award winner Colin Firth. Always elegantly hot! OTRC
lol rite!!! shoot im gonna give him my number even if he doesnt ask for it ha
The real secret to being an 'agile' PMP: ask: 'Are you done yet?'; sleep 4 hours; goto ask;
JaVale McGee is just so fun to watch. Thats what I was looking forward to the most when we got him, watching his every game. So much fun.
Should I get instagram??
#Quote: #SteveJobs said "The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
I sware I b breakn necks!
I LOVE the Kia ad with kids' toys. Go gabba gabba!
Much like the Zombies, I must move, I must move, I must move - only literally.
no one tells you growing up can feel so good and so bad all at once
Please follow me<333
Someone who also speaks French, give me your number and let's text in French.
leopard print, front clasp.
we dont sleep we been up ! lol why u up ??
Does anyone else think its hilarious that ole Pat and Vanna used to get hammered before taping Wheel of Fortune???
what the fuck is up tho
I agree!
Kompany just smothering Aguero on the ground, a full thirty seconds after the goal. >>>>>>>>>
is officially addicted to cmconnect.org! Thank David Richards for introducing me to this magical place!
I think 16 credits will keep me ocupado for a couple of months. #whyamitryingtokillmyself?
get on instagram already..your behind playboy
I hate it when I buy a bag of air and it ends up being full of chips.
I think it only seems Deep when you're sixteen. Don't bother now.
Cup filled of that pink. Watchin sucker free.. On that kush time.. yeaah yeaah I love it!! :)
Finally ! It's snowing in Tx <3
you are actually crazy
Greenbrier hotel was awesome. Old white course was great. Loved the classic feel.
Dr. Stanley Lo to serve as President of the National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry
Some gem is in your FA pool.
Huge drive now. C'Mon Drew
RT : Astonish is looking for Marketing Reps in Texas, California, Indy and NY. Email me for more info. Hiring immediately!...
Happy Monday, #ClubAwesome!
I would, but my ride wants to go home.
Any school in 's #SEC RT : It's Star Wars Day. Which college football program would represent The Dark Side?
Hi Sophie. How are you?
lol thanks dominique!!
Lol if you guys didn't know is amazing and my best friend. K?
watching #Touch w/ #Mouse,my oldest #StarChild.She was the 1st of the #NewBabies I'd ever seen.Reintroducing #mathematics will be fun
not replying to my tweets OR returning my calls-- ARE YOU ALIVE?!?! We need to discuss #SouthwestAirSale!!!
Ew I dissected a frog today....
I love you chica!!!! Erry things gunna be alright!!! 😘
I'm not really sure how this is possible, but Paper for iPad makes me a better stick figure artist.
#QuitActing like you can fight when all you do is kick the other dude in the balls and run away
the beauty of companies like Instagram is THAT they're small & nimble. Maybe it's just that I see FB as the big bag wolf.
I might. it's supposed to be cold tomorrow
Souls woven together by the gods can never be unraveled.
Mamma!!!! I'm so fresh and so clean, clean!
I have been SO tired all weekend...all I've done is sleep! Not mad about it tho.
that happens to me when I stand in front of the Empire State. Aka the building with a million antennas. The wonder of AT&T!
You offer her the world but she says no thanks....
why you ain't say nothing ?
Had the best time at Aidens game with
thanks for the follow! Hope you're having a good day.
me too!! and iowa was too!!
First day on break!
So much shit goes wrong in Arrested Develoment
Hey, I'm pretty sure I tweeted mandolin first, but you mentioned when you gave the answer. Did you mean me?
It was actually 37.
Panelists (continued) and Mark Rooks ()
and me too :)
R.I.P Linda Aroyos.
If you're gonna be dumb, you gotta be tough
Thats what i asked
Dear Summer, Please get here now. I really need you. Thanks. Sincerely, The Junior Class
Rest in peace...Mike Wallace...
If you're invited to learn from a recognized yogi, you shouldn't be surprised if the class is a bear . . .
Thinking of putting a section in the missionary chapter of the diss. on good blood/bad blood or the cross/the juggernaut
following back
Thanks and for telling me that I have been successfully keeping my Twitter stream polite.
Oops, wasn't suppose to add the part...
A guy walks into a bar and says "Ow!"
Why is it most animals I encounter in my life are more trustworthy than humans .
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. Brillat-Savarin, Anthelme
I am!
Now Following, after a far-too-long delay, Mr. -- expect ridiculous non-sensical sports banter
Word is you'll be at tmrw. I'm going to try to make the lunch, but if not let's be sure to sync up after.
I'm confused, You'll "take credit" for what POTUS did re Detroit, yet your econ plan is always do opposite of what Obama did?
I think self check out should be limited to 10 items or less
#writing . just got flight confirmation
Positive side of coming home, I get to see my family. Negative side, I gain 40 lbs.
gotta say, I did enjoy the 2x delivery.
or both
BULLYING MUST BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. TOO MANY CHILDREN ARE BEING EMOTIONALLY OR PHYSICALLY INJURED DUE TO MEANNESS.
yes! Every kind of custard has its place!
We had vikings, closeted Hollywood stars, and Mexican fishermen at our workshop last night. Not bad for a Monday night.
#funshirtmonday is just as good as
“: Nothing cures heartbreak like baseball, and we're just 4 minutes out of first pitch here at Taylor Stadium.”
Music to my heart, that is what you are.
Has Fox&Friends got "the Trump" up their's or are they up the Trump's??
Pirates are getting all the bounces tonight. Thank goodness. McGehee should have been dead.
Thanks for following and sharing. Wish I could buy a Mazda but my SSD and my fixed income prevents it Always nice to dream.
I think grant and I are me the only two people to #kickvoldermort'sass at being evil enough said.
my phone
i loved it.
Ted Koppel's report on was outstanding. Can't say the same about Chelsea Clinton's report.
very nice! I like that
Ours take them, too, but earlier than the rest of the students.
Reds bench, as we knew from Day 1...z...
Your mom is on my holiday to-do list.
It's St. Drunken Season! Get your tickets to St. Drunken's Day soon!
It's pouring rain and the sun is brilliantly shining!!! SO beautiful! SO meaningful! SO inspiring!
If you're doing V Day date night, don't miss their red velvet layer cake! It's a special for the lovey holiday!
had a fun family walk/run/jog this morning!
In need of a change.....same ole same ole evryday day :(
is it really their job to "entertain"? RT : Judge Walton of Clemens trial accused both sides of creating a "boring environment"
wow. Stupid stuff keeps coming out of his mouth
I heard you have a nice house :) this is not a stalker tweet lol
#SCIspa is doing a fascinating round-robin: participants sharing noteworthy trends in their own areas, critiques of the 3 central projects.
Thank you! Re editing online data, will do.
Must wait for the Bluegrass Festival!
Its raining but that wont stop my worship for tonight!
I #love that, it's like I have a stalker!!!
Grab a wrench, pipe tape—and your keyboard!—to celebrate the fourth annual Fix a Leak Week, March 12-18, 2012.
IM SO BORED!!!!
The office is all out of diet coke, diet dr pepper... and zip fizz! Not sure how we can make it through this day!
while everyone is excited for prom tomorrow, i'm looking forward to vs
crappy data (ie. poor quality data) that is released without restrictions (legal or technical) is still open data; its just crappy open data
Last day to indulge in at ! Bon Appetite!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that...
HAPPY NEW YEAR
you know there great
I miss Frank Whites voice...
did you buy it?
and it's a coors light. Did that come with a dental dam?
what's a pity party? and oh, are you "gettin it in" that palm tree?
I think I'm feeling a little funky because I haven't given myself time to be creative lately. How about you? What do you need to give to u?
for not having my slip I thought I didn't have to have it to be honest
I wish I could just close my eyes and sleep forever but it looks like another sleepless night
We played about 4 rounds of fetch today, if that tells u anything! :-) $$, TPLO version, 3 months rehab/limited activity.
-- That's one of the best ones we read yesterday! Will definitely feature it on our site this week! =) LOL
My favorite seat!
#Adele is rolling deep in #Grammy awards tonight, yay! I think she is amazingly talented, beautiful, creative, and of course a great singer!
Front pouch says Lara
Getting ready to go home
I'm one of those people who liked the Beastie Boys but never actually distinguished among them. It's only now I know MCA's voice.
I just snorted #secondthat : watching people struggle at automated parking structures in LA makes me lose all hope in humanity"
Saw an oriole running around the lake... its a sign we r gonna have a winning season. Go O's!!
BorrisA7XMARS13: KerrangMagazine has saved me from depression this week:L
Dang my Christmas gifts as kid were nothing like the ones today. Glad the 'Easy Bake Oven' is still out there... it was one of my favorites!
One of Beach Boy Rads favorites sites.You are doing Gods work.
RT : is an #IndianaOriginal, congrats on your #FoodTruckThrowdown win!
yes i do!!!! lolz and you know why applejacks :3
PEOPLE NEED TO LEARN HOW TO DRIVE!!! IF YOU CANT THEN DONT DRIVE!!!!
Crying 4 Angel and her family
it's nothing fancy, just a cute thing I got from Hot Topic
Ciph just killed that injured cat remix Lmfao!!!
>Quote: I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Bill Cosby
how was #AgileUniversity?
thanks - we are in for an incredible life changing experience!!
so not sleeping wasn't the best idea.
Listening to say anything and wishing i was at mandy k instead of doing chores... GO CHOKE ON YOUR IRONY! I love max bemis!
Powers of persuasion for a pig & party on the patio...I am in!
Wishing the new season of American Horror Story would begin already! Xoxo
If the giants win that game was fixed
I'm already dead. I'll rise to fall again..
Amen brother.
No problem! Thanks for the #shoutout :)
I'd like to thank everyone for commenting, liking, and share the content on this page! It means a lot to me.
any room. Just don't think I don't know what ibuprophin is a euphemism for... Hubcap!
have you tried for jeopardy?
He's knocking it out of the park.
Thanks for sharing. Clearly not a yes or no question. :)
": If you really want it... you'll find a way to get it..."
kenya is beautiful. She just seemed...disoriented in the competition.
!!! my ideal comfort food. did he slow-simmer beef trimmings? i'm about to attempt sichuan eggplant for the first time...
Listen to when he says it would have been even worse with in power. 100% of schools would have cut teachers.
One day ill catch happiness and success.
Time for my shoot :) have a great rest of your day!!
oh i love nene but she hit a nerve tonight! comin for L.A. TOYA!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Staying out of court can be as simple as communicating well with an X, yet the courthouse always seems busy
U keep talking about how better things are coming for you but I've never heard once of you not complaining about how your life sucks
So happy for that he finally has the job he's wanted and hours desired! ^_^
Not gonna lie.. this made me laugh... :] RT How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool
Got a quick run/walk in at #RadnorLake before the sunset. Trying not to skip my favorite things in life bc of work! #EnjoyLifeMoore!
FWIW, I think you need to take a Facebook approach to this. Lose the 'the'. Just
I have legitimately slept nude every night this week oh.
Hootsuite is a fantastic tool for managing your social media efforts at tradeshows and events.
Farscape was the shit. Among the very few decent original shows to come out of the "Syfy" crap-generator.
Increasingly strong opinion: If I'm a UX designer it's not because I sometimes do wireframes but because I always consider the whole.
Sick. No ambition to do anything.
thank you for praising me. (:
>: We don't focus enough on user & client acquisition metrics; how much does it cost to acquire a new client, retain, etc.
That which can be destroyed by the truth should be. -P.C. Hodgell
World premiere of Chris Brown's "Don't Wake Me Up" at 3:10p on
Oh in the valley!!
I woulda went to college if I knew I could fish. Wasn't an MOS for fishing in the marines
wish we could zap ourselves across the country as easily and quickly as a tweet
Obviously my experience isn't the main concern here - just feels strange. Running into death in the neighborhood.
Burning a whole lot down!
Thanks, Jeff:) I LOVE Teachercast!!!!
No problem! Feel free to follow back. :) Go Brewers!
NAW TINA WE GT A GIG OT IN FLORIDA NA WAT WAT WAT WAT U GNE DO LEAVE ME LIKE DEN OTHA SUCKERS HUH
“Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.” ― Rumi
Here's there are the corpses but no sense of historical awareness, sadly...
did u read the story about the abortion clinic doctor in west Philly accused of killing 7 newborns? Tragic....
Top of the third inning and the Cajuns lead the Lady Toppers 8-0.
The only way around is through.
Hey All! Karaoke starts 2nite at 9pm with Aury Moore hosting! come out and sing for her!
does running to the corner and running back count as running twice?
Dance wears me out so much that I've become so use to sleeping in my tights and shorts.
where ya headed? hopefully staying in the area :)
Bahahaha. Silly guys.
shall I forward them some of my sweet moves?
be like me bro. Take a job in Colorado. Have it get shut down, then move to Nashville. It gets you out and you see the country
Lol, no need to apologize for brilliant comic puns.
WTH is with #MichaelBasden mocking #Caribbean people?
My feet hurt so bad
Oh, I remember how to drive in the snow. I just chose not to use those skills.
thanks. We work to save your ass. Not kiss it. Take care.
wrapping wrapping wrapping!!!!
Tell us, what are you most interested in learning about in the mixology world? Classic cocktails? Beer cocktails? Unique bitters?
What shows are you hoping to see this weekend?
i officiall make this -> =D <- my signature on twitter
It's clear there's nothing I can say that will stop students from emailing me, asking me to send them their indiv grade...
Thanks boys! I'm really hoping our paths cross at some point in this life. Somewhere with boatdrinks?
Compromising doesn't means that you're wrong & someone is right, it only means that you value your relationship, much more than your ego.
lol. Do you ever visit LA anymore?
Amazing Derby weekend at my hotel. 20% growth over last year...best in our region! Our sales team rocks!
Blood Drain Angel's Story out now on #authorhouse.com and #barnesandnoble.com and many more not in physical stores yet
We love springtime. Can’t wait for all these pizza trees to start sprouting pepperonis
oh, you guys are killin' me! and on a payday too....resistance is futile!
NEXT SHOW is Friday August 12th @ Queen Bee's in Northpark..be there!
HAHAHA...yep, that's pretty much what we'll hear from him...if anything at all. :)
phew you're finally awake - lol. Have a great weekend!
Thank goodness for all sorts of wedding widgets and apps! Maybe this new phone won't get thrown out the window after all.
Yeahh, sign me up for those. Are they studios?
RT : Agenda for tonight's special meeting says Sunland Park City Council will appoint a mayor tonight
We are open for Valentine's Day - Sunday Feb. 14, 2010 Make reservations at Havanany.com or OpenTable.com
Interesting RT : Wow! RT : Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
he is a 16 years old singer,he is very talented. you can watch his videos from Youtube :)
LOL! I finally HAD to ask!
Back bay? North end? Where are you taking Mom this Sunday?
umma put my hand over your mouth so your boss can't Hear you!
these are the kind of days I want to remember!
Love starting off my Sunday chatting with support about why my internet barely works.
thank you!!!
is cepedes eligible to sign yet?
Ladies, close your legs to anti-choice men. (Sorry honey, this is for baby making only. Go talk to the hand. Your hand.)
Going to Myans or Nostradamus is like king Saul going to the witch at Endore.
So many "douche bag chin strap" beards here at the gym today. Looks like auditions for jersey shore
People are like music; some speak the truth and others are just noise.
...my beliefs are that the business needs to serve the family rather than the family serve the business.- Kathy Ireland
2 runs from a quality start. I know its not great but all things considered, not deserving of Twitter guff
“: Byh if you really having a fake fraternity to represent thirsty ppl. Do something better with your life please lol” #DEAD !
We wish to extend our heartfelt condolences & prayers to the family of #WWEHOF'er Chief Jay Strongbow, who passed away earlier today.
Good luck to friends running the Boston Marathon!!!
Excited for summer adventures with !!!
Follow for a followback. My sister needs followers for her project! Follow for the sake of your HEALTH!
Are you trying to organize your class resources and collaborate w/ students?
them hurry home!!!!
very true...
Another day, another dollar
hahaha this picture made my night! I officially need snap shots with my cats!
thanks :) glad you liked it. It is really fun to mess around with!
Qual ridge Park
Looking good. I found a new template in the sewing section I will be picking up, would make great vines.
Dog Sweat looks super intense
Dang it montee. U gotta b smarter than that
RT : Goliathon LIVE at the #LocalUnderground TONIGHT w/ Fresh•Local•Beer, wine from & food from the......
This is my second day off & all I have planned today is cuddling in my bed.... With my pillow.
i think im getting old...im getting sleepier earlier now :( ive always been a night owl..this is so sad
I don't know how I feel about TLC performing on #americanidol . It was kind of sad without Left Eye...
Yes!!! She's so obnoxious, and Derek Hough is greasy...
just finished reading VARIANT. Wow. It's going to be a great match for my middle school :)
I have received numerous calls from coaches over the past few days..I fully expect some big offers coming for ..and SOON
I will never say never.
double fist
F.L.O.R.I.D.A.... S.T.A.T.E. Florida State Florida State Florida State. Whewwww!
RT : Been a while but I listened to ep. 18 today. True fact, Buck Rogers first name is William so you can call...
surprised I didn't get shorted? Haha ikkk! Mr speilburg was like ur gonna get shorted I know it! And I was like ha no I didnt
yup. I think we can do it.
I'm full board on UVU baseball bandwagon: best player is Goose Kallunki?!! You can't make this stuff up!!
IIHF USA team looks like the LAKings out there. GO USA!
Thanks! One day we will encourage our grandchildren to go into teaching the way parents now do with medical profession.
good morning. Thanks for the follow!
Gaga Saved Pop? Lol she's the one who ruined it!!
go shawty it's ya birthday
if you come the closest without going over do you win the ox?
He's a twat. Well, he's my twat! I... expect that sounded better in your head.
The don't even remove the "P"?
Back home in Texas again.. Excited to see my friends & family <3 .. All smiles
lol im just now noticing how ghetto mine looks
Feeling unwanted.. <<
Watching Green Lantern with Viggle Thu | 17 | HBO 2 HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yeah.... I'm #BGC for life it's just a title
u wuldnt hav been able to c anything. Ud need a super lens. Haha it was rele far.
I literally ask myself that question at every meal. So...yes.
check your account settings, you're leaking information.
cold beer m heineken 2 nite dont be scared pop one open !
anything for you 😘 spread the joy!
My mom always said,"if you dont have anything nice to say the dont say it," and people wonder why im so quiet around then
#FF - this month's featured resource! Download today and find a film festival near you!
I just spilled an entire glass of water on my lap. Next stop is 1.5 he's away.
#ff RT Divas, MPH (Making our People Healthier) is a non-profit org dedicated to improving the total health and wellness of women.
Smelly cat... Smelly cat...
That's why I know your every move ... I'm not fucking dumb dude !
The horse is out of the barn on ALZM. Time to move on.
Drinking chamomile tea and listening to the summer bugs chirping.
follow for follow hahah(:
My shampoo smells like spray paint... #UhhhWhy?
in forever :) ... by freelance I mean ur gonna find ur own gigs and promo urself or ur gonna get an agent and stuff?
I have no talent or passion and I will never make a significant contribution to society.
idk but if you find out let me know please 😃😃
Vinny, you have to balance the old lady tweets of with her wild and partying one too. Golden Girl to Kardashian.
All of us at are so proud to be supporting #Zydeco Nation! Catch you on the airwaves.
love you!
Bus drivers are assholes in downtow, with
What exactly is a Pecha Kucha you ask? Find out at www.ebook-summit.com
Hard to beat praise & worship with my 7yr old before school each day. Wish I could every day!!!
Looking for a garage door opener I can control from my iPhone.
I'm gonna lay out tomorrow. Woohooo!
- As a college student and early adult I had no time to follow any sport. Then the Browns moved to Baltimore.
Summer has arrived in #Germany! 27°C in #Berlin and 29°C in
Science Museum Directors welcome Director Hoyos of Moloka Museum in Bogota, Columbia
AVATAR is a Sanskrit word meaning...? Be the first to tweet the correct answer and win a pair of tickets to see Lula Washington October...
Hi Niall :) can you say hi to me? LOVEYOU<3
Presents? [Gets in car].
damn I already got soda and five hour . Good looks though!
It's 819. Next period starts in 50 minutes and my clothes arent even out of the dryer yet. Help?
should be up on stage w/ RMoney, Bachman & all the other RWers. Good 4 you...Ari Fleischer told ya. Bet you're giddy w/ joy
Best invention ever..hidden windshield wipers == no parking tickets
yeah, a 36-question written test. I guess they don't trust drivers who've been licensed for 11 years from other states ;)
What do you #GiveADang about?
Relationships r idiotic
In Texas it's all about the tests. Even w timed tests, the WHOLE day is still given over to testing!
he might have had a heart attack.
I'm growing an epic Fu Manchu, which I will pay a native to weave into tiny braids on my next tropical vacation.
: You welcome. As a recent accounting graduate, I truly enjoyed it!
yeah no lol too early... way too early lol
Test Kitchen tips: Cherimoya
Finishing up this #LAKPHX game, then I'm calling it a night.
Nozzl's web host (MediaTemple) is having technical problems today. Nozzl has been up and down all morning.
I wonder if you know I'm talking to you.
Arcata on Saturday, Facement, come hang?
Overhearing conversation about e books and libraries while waiting for tire rotation at Les Schwab (prompted by a Kindle).
That last tweet was from 2 great surly chefs (is there any other kind?) Being a chef was my 1st great love, until it pissed me off too much.
heyy how have u been
Thanksgiving week, the countdown to good eats & family time!
I'm barely understanding Twitter, LOL.. Idk what instagram even is, haha. Pictures?
Welcome to our network! Creations Hair Salon of Fremont, CA :-)
#FamilyGuy pretty much explained #TeaParty philosophy last night. LOL
Let's try one more time to get the bond.
When people take an hour to text back tho <
Taylor gang or suffocate in boobs!!
Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances.
it's okay? I didn't apologize.... That's awk haha I didn't do anything
Great opening ceremony from at #SATWNZ - and got to preview our 2012 convention!!
Don't wish for something you can't handle.
I dig
That is a delightful fantasy. I'll call it 'The Crapture'.
Most common spoken languages in order Mandarin, Spanish, English, Hindi/Urdu, Arabic, Bengali, Portuguese, Russian, Japanese, German
a Feast for your senses! International Festival this Sunday 5 solos & 3 group dances at 12:30.
no I don't have a church I do counseling but call me with details 4142582307 honored to be considered
Rally! Rally! Rally! RALLY TO SAVE KTRU! Right now at RICE UNIVERSITY, in the quad at Willy's statue.
Hm...not sure how I feel about that.
RT : RT : Affirm - I am all that God created me to be, and I am experiencing and expressing that truth momen ...
#Knicks clinched a playoff spot! Actually better yet, they clinched getting swept by Miami in Round 1.
Tournament Schedules Posted - Starts in 2 days! www.startsmartbasketball.com
Getting ready to present at the #sacubo fall workshop. "10 ways to cut the IT budget (and what not to cut)"
I need to go to the bathroom but I don't want to put a shirt on.
The theme is a salute to Texas Guinan, the legendary speakeasy proprietor & scofflaw. She's be 128 this month
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Yglesias' problem is that movie played in the 1930s. It starred one R. K. Merton.
Time to get some tea from The Tea and Jazz House
I wish every juror had to watch the HBO documentary Hot Coffee before voir dire.
flight booked june 21 - july 2. What are your plans? Ps we cant leave earlier bc Bret has his boards.
So we did it again. Knowing we should quit it but we simply won't admit it again.
You can build an audience on your own, sell directly to your readers and pocket the cash without splitting a penny with a publisher
How dare you golf channel. Put Tin Cup on just as I am falling asleep...
hahha do it and tell the other kid I wanna fight him.
I desire to do your will, O my God, your law is within my heart. Psalm 40:8
Thank you and for the RTs. We can't wait for our recipe contest to start,winner gets a new grill
#MLScup going on now. Let's go LA
Google&#39;s Sly-Fi Network
if its like last year, it'll probably be
will Impractical Jokers be available on DVD in the future?
We host an event every few months where people share their passions in 16 five-minute talks. We'd love to have you come...
that's exactly what I thought!!
Worst part about TNT Game Break is CHARLES BARKLEY. He gets on my last dang nerve!
You going to see them in Bmore next month?
failure to shred confidential information before throwing it into dumpsters is a poor corporate standard. Leave the shredding to us.
Don't know. I just recognized the scenes and jumped up and down in my seat so I didn't pay attention, haha.
#RandomFact Black-eyed peas aren't peas, but beans. And coffee beans aren't beans, but seeds.
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon! xox <3
Thank you so much. Very happy for them. SO proud too! Waise they aren't going to my #ivyleage school:-)
Since they have mentally handicapped jurors in Florida, I guess I'm gonna have start taking more COCAINE cases over there. #easynotguilty's#
Because what says "first thing Saturday morning" more than poster sessions? They looked great. Congrats to the presenters!
I feel sick ):
In that weird clothes size where I'm too small to shop in the big girl's store, and too big to shop in regular stores. :/
you know who I mean kan? yeah, you know. :)
"Pelo Suelto" by Gloria Trevi is playing on the radio. Happy #CincodeMayo!
Police are at the Westside Light rail ! There's at least 5 of them so keep ya butt cheeks tight !
Being in class on #Aday <<<<
Thanks Phil
What we will hear from players & coaches all week: "We just didn't get it done."
How do you prioritize which social channels to use? Ask your custs. Listen on channels. Via
yes! But I have a conference call at 2:30. Wanted to leave there at 2 pm.
#jenjacobsformayor Deputy Mayor - Lucy the Dog! #makingsandiegomoredogfriendly Don't think I can win.
once I discovered the Enkidu - Charlie Sheen parallel the discussion picked up in class :)
already following! <3 (:
Do u have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes
Yes, losing landing tab=huge. But we're using their platform 4 free. Ads more effective when pting 2 landing tab IMO tho.
RT : yup, me too << this is not cool at all!
Bella Forte Books and Letterpress under many Christmas Trees this year. I love my job! www.bellafortebooks.com
lol idk why you tried me
I need double rice @ benihanas
thank you!! For some reason I can always be sure you'll be about nice about my videos!
This is going to be the best week ever
CALL ME WHEN U NEED YO PUSSY BEATS UP....(IN MY JEREMY VOICE)
I remember finding out in my teens that my cousin Kokie is actually not named Kokie - it's Mohammed. His brother is Mohaned. It's confusing.
can I get a chirp please!? Chirp
Sun hats & fedoras
Got gas? Try reducing the amount of fluids you drink during meals.
not a good day today:(
What are you doing?
no thanks
The boys come to USA tomorrow <3 >>>
I'm gonna pull a prank on my HFA girl's saying I didn't come to school because I went to a meeting with Marist because I'm going back.
Had my blood drawn. Waiting by the phone like a 16 year-old girl.
lol wow thanks.. I think.. No, not really.
Northern Skrillafornia is still the shiznit though!!
what's good bro
Proud of my sister she did GOD . Runnin', jumpin'...ALL THAT !
Oh like i pose to know lol
RT ": Pain makes people change."
thank yuh so much :)
Those who remain unmoved by the wind of joy silently follow the Path. - Bodhidharma
One motto: power through
I'm in the process of reading the same book. It is brutally honest N gut wrenching. She came 2 terms with a lot of issues.
where is your software available for purchase in the US?
#FF Some of our latest followers
What Visimeet features do you use the most?
Delicious self-made Greek salad from our cafeteria. You? :)
do you think the texans nights surprise everyone and sneak in and steal manning ?
Co-Chief Conquistador? Yes, I'm exploring and conquering with my special compass...I am a Doctor of Journalism, goddamnit!
MacDonald's!?
Today is Kennedys final basketball game. Its been a long season. They are losing at the half 20 to 4 :( but she made 1/2 the pointd. lol
Exclamation points and sending the same Tweet twice!
one day you will know I exsist...or not ;)
"It comes as a by-product of providing a useful service"
I'm starting to wear down goodnight Twitter. I going to watch Titanoboa
There is but one philosophy and its name is fortitude! To bear is to conquer our fate. -Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTINE!!!!!!
Getting ready to watch Contagion: hands washed, not touching or sharing anything. Bring it on.
a 9 stone weakling with knobbly knees
good times last night with ! Thanks to everyone that came out and for having us!
thanks :) , thanks very much :)
It's not my list! Haha... I didn't know SobiPro did QR codes. Nice to know!
I miss phone booths & phone rooms in public spaces. Listening to this guy's plans to screw over his friend is not something I want to hear.
You are amazing!!!!!!! Keep doing what you are doing
A room full of prospective students & parents at Jefferson High School. The Middle College community info night is about to start!
hey I'm here at Wilson to watch ebonis lacrosse game in case you're going too! No pressure though
Former Chargers RB LaDainian Tomlinson is likely done playing football.
Me Eitherr ! I can't wait for a sweep.
mausam & escape, fixed, downhill, tire, skid, cool.
:) Yes they are.
#rva. Another great massage from Martha Tyler at Stillpoint Massage Therapy. Highly recommend!.
How often do you get your #naturalhair cut or trimmed?
Must follow she's too funny lol
On FB You Have “Friends” On Twitter You Have “Followers” Where You Can Be Your Own Cult Leader…
You a sell out, but I ain't buyin'
haha everyone knows who you are le'will, no need to be so quiet
I don't think one truly understands the time, effort & details that go into making & decorating a cake. Currently up baking
The Byzantine Fresco Chapel will be open until 10pm tonight - it's their last night on view in Houston. Come by!
I like the shake-up of Bumgarner ahead of Burriss. MadBum is a legit threat at the plate. Burriss has shown ZERO power.
Good Morning, have a fantastic day!
what is the difference between regular and emergency plumber in the UK?
ohhhhmmmggg! Yummy! My jelly rolls are proud to be missing out but I'm missing Nashville! Bahaa
i texted youu, lol text me back
And food.
what ever happened to murphey lee?
Ahh thank you!
can you follow me?<3
are you a tech fan?
that's so gross!
Catch the #Badger game on the big screen in front of
On the road to OSU while you suckers sit in class 👍
I will and if u know of kids there that would benefit from me talking to them ill help
We all wish CP would "take his talents to Cleveland"LOL!!!
the best headphone experience I have ever had is listening to my Grados.
I ain't wit da argue
POTUS: “In the 21st century, higher education can’t be a luxury—it is an economic imperative that every American should be able to afford.”
Thinking of using Touch 2 for #app development. Does anyone tips they can share?
in good ol lexington man, chillaxin. you should come up here sometime.
Please don't start with my right now.
oh ok cool
I'll be there on Friday! I really hope I get to meet you!!
I love the sound standard PC keyboards make. Such a lovely clicking, more tactile quality they have. Closest thing to typewriter.
Five feet of new snow at Mt. Hood Meadows :)
Just used my victoria secret giftcard for the heroine addiction
D'Amigo gets his 5th goal of the series and the #Marlies are now up 2-0 over the
Sometimes you realize that family ain't shit....
no, you aren't. You are rad!
Why would you take the ball out of Luck's hands on 3rd down?
JAX & MIA are desperate.Tebow single handedly makes them relevant and a ton of $$ too. MIA witnessed start of Tebowmania 1st hand this year
#ASO to the kid in front of me in class who went to the college gameday vote website and didn't vote for wisconsin
don't be sorry! <3
after them?" is a dumb fact to throw out there anyone can have a song named after them but no one
#KellerWilliams #Madison voted best place to work in Madison! Shows the #culture we have & proud to be here!
just concentrate on all the great purchases you'll have to show us when u get home!
no body cuz that dude is played out...bada boom
a Jack Daniels commercial just played on youtube when i opened it. jel?
Graves campaign on Romney endorsement: "While Rep. Bachmann is in Portsmouth, VA today, Jim Graves will be in Buffalo, MN and Ramsey, MN."
Who's going to The NotWedding tomorrow in San Diego? Let's make it a party!
i'm dylan *winks*
Agree - lining up nicely for sure.
“: #schoolmemories when I would play spit with in math class.” omg yes! I miss that ):
Two pairs of yogas just isn't enough
bitch don't got no elbow room!!!!!
spending time on weaknesses does not tap into motivation... wow!
Today I will begin my #SyFy movie marathon with 100 Feet. Anyone seen it?
Completed the Cool Breeze Century bike ride on Sat in 6:05 riding time. Ventura to Goleta, then back to Ventura.
Skyping w (& indirectly w ) totally made my night <3 u boys!
was Mark ever checked out for rabies?
Very cool posters. Early advertising is so fascinating.
Since 1996, $6 million has been awarded to 362 programs serving 15,875 women & children annually. We couldn't do it without you, thank you!
happy birthday! 6
totally agree! still cant believe rivers hasnt taken more heat SOONER for being so bad after chargers dumped brees 4 him!
Like Soilent Green?
so proud of you four! what a ride it's been.
What's good to preciate Da follow
you caught my drift
Check out my latest blog, 'Death of a Dutiful Daughter,' on Simone de Beauvoir's loss of a friend in the journey towards emancipation.
Coming to Vegas on Thursday for daughters 21st Birthday and plan to take her to Craft for dinner Thursday or Friday night
watching the NAACP Image Awards.
Robin Sparkles eh?
After a weekend of aerials workshops & meeting New Haven's "ambidancetrous" community, every one of my muscles hurts but my soul is happy!
Wanted: wizard of social media to help launch our travel start-up into the stratosphere. If you think you have what it takes, get in touch.
in the mobile with on our way to in Claremont, CA to play with and
It's so nice to wake up to a fully functional kitchen.
