mine is in exactly two! Are you going to be eighteen?
Pizza Den! #yummy 😃
Indeed, this was good. RT : Thanks, , for talking with us about !
from when you and your brother were younger, ( 4-16)were you guys close?
What a cool article about you in the Deerfield Review!
Seeing Manning wearing another team's uniform is going to be a weird sight.
Everytime I take a sip of coffee that I let get cold I imagine 's look of disgust
may have teared up just a little when turning in her GJ keys.
Villaraigosa says he's NOT running for governor. Best news I have heard all day
np: next 2 u #jb , this is so sad
i think i just pulled a muscle tweeting
Getting a musical education on Fergie from
ASO E-board Elections tomorrow! If you are interested in running for a position email by tonight.
RT : #EatLocalWeek by is on! holiday fair, event s @ BlackStarCoop
"one more week in this miserable apartment".....So did you get the apartment you wanted?
If you don't like us, fuck you. Forever Loney Crew. #Infamous #AAS <3
We love you Elvio!!
Fourth baseball game of the season tonight. Our team is improving. Lost a close one to the best team in our league on Saturday.
I'm tired of people saying I look lie someone.. That shit is so annoying
#GKSUMMERISHERE PLEASE , I LOVE YOU <3 you cant refuse that :)
All forgiven Son RT God please forgive me for my sins...
If it's not too much trouble, that'd be great. You're a doll, Alison.
Hahahaha hey I like her!!!
haha, it is a lil weird ;D
"you ain't no barbie, I see you work at Arby's"
found a joint a produced on a blogspot. They could at least gimme a credit.
Mario Andretti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV - PR Newswire (press release)
Thank you for making an investment in the arts that helps support jobs, business and quality of life in MD!
Congrats! RT Been 6 mos since heart attack.BP,cholesterol,etc all now in "ideal" range. I'm 5-8 pounds from my target weight.
For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will. -Henri Frederic Amiel
One day wen the sky is falling I'll be standing right next 2 u
Huge thanks to my Public Storage manager. So nice to meet someone that takes pride in what they do.
our mistake...it is 10/11.
& for the next release, Wife Mode: deletes your messages before you can send them to keep you from getting yourself in trouble!
Dude. Adam Dunn just hit his 30th HR, 2nd of the night, good for a cool 6 RBI's... no big deal..
Yep ::": RE: Daily Sketch, so... just a Cubs joke ya?"
Did some fun exploring in Minecraft, made dinner, made progress on current side project, and watched an ep of Justified. Feeling productive.
thanks for the reminder
The first 10 followers will get an autograph! Please
could you do me a favor, i want to meet justin bieber please, he's my idle.
RT (Thanks) Businesses I have been involved with Edition: (both are great and highly recommended!
red or white?
swamps and mountains are where its at.
So! I could go all Austin on you!
Letting go doesn't mean you've stopped caring, it means you stopped trying to force someone to care.
It's so nice outside. :-)
what is it?
Matt Wieters goes yard!
i wonder to
CLIENT: hurdler will be on "Q It Up Sports" on Sun at 9:30pm PST on JoeTV & 10:30pm PST on
Tonight my movies going to win a mothaf*#king Oscar y'all. So will my friends. Oscars all round for #theartist #oscars #e!
Thanks for making me pee my jeggings in MKE.
Tostitos with a hint of pepper jack are my new favorite chip. Carry on.
m, I think you needed a bit more context for your tweet. I wouldn't separate what you mention from a definition of"product"
We are all born into slavery, but I refuse to die.
Thank you Caroline :)
you guys need to come out here next year and watch the #Packers beat up Matt Flynn and the
Just found out a friend of mine passed, Tracey Destsanio
Thomas Jones of Macon: As director, you have to take ownership for mistakes, even if you aren't directly involved
“: needs to come to Miami #EastCoastsFinest ;D” no.
just watched Casey Hayward's highlight video, reminded me of a young Charles Woodson. the guy can stick his nose in there in run support.
So excited to have just joined Check it out! (Find it a little odd that the security check word was anorexic...)
Brilliant. RT : The next time your dentist asks why you don't floss, ask him why he's still using Windows XP.
Keith is a DICK...that is why he does not have a gig....DP carried him at ESPN
Brown and another bad decision. Takes $$ from Yankee Pres. As if MA voters didn't hve enough reason 2 vote 4 #ElizabethWarren 4
You're tonight's third star thus far.
Happy Leap Day!
Exhausted beyond belief...
I will never understand why the dudes who live upstairs are ONLY obnoxious and loud on Thursday nights. It never fails, every Thursday.
well this summer...I'm having a small tour (:
Hollywood Friday night where the drinks at
I vote for my every day for the all stars thing. Love her!!!!!!!!!
my roommates are gone for 3 weeks there isn't enough beer
hey heading to media after Young The Giant. Will you be there?
team #NARIP on twitter: , , and
ur having sex in the moon next summer, that's cool. Would have been cooler if u were having sex on the the moon, better view.
Cool, va pa ya.
that's always a cop out. People should go through the pain with the person and pray for them.
Gearing up for #LastComic auditions!
I always tweet something then delete it because I realize I'm over thinking something too much, especially when I shouldn't.
aw man lol 😉
I think I have a solitaire addiction. And I'm absolutely no good at it either.
Having an Amy Winehouse kind of evening.
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!!
Sweet baby jesus
Friend: lets go to the club! me: i dont hav dollar bills. :( Friend: afterlife foo! hahaha me: oh hahaha
me too basketball just isnt the same
He was just a chalky blob on the carpet, and next thing I knew he was climbing up the file cabinet.
you've been dead too me ! Like sale from walking dead ese
Financial loss due to digital piracy in USA (2010): 10 Billion USD
LOL..STUPID STUPID...
you know what, i have something i would like you to proofread.
Good morning mermaids fans.. I found out that on March 1st of this year I was published in the Library Journal!!
Not me!!! I would love to see them both back!!! They are crucial parts of the amazing receiving group!
you suck hardcore, love is love and no matter how famous you are there's nothing you can do about us gay kids , stfu asshole!
I Dont Know Whats Goin On But There's A Sickness Floating Aroun An I Think I Caught It Too.... *Smh*
Worship started with brass playing when the saints go marching in. Spontaneous ovation when Katie processed.
We're serving authentic Irish food and playing 70s funk! The best of both worlds. The FUNK BRUNCH is going strong! Eat with a beat!
Dude! I was the chick with the ginger yellow hair across the row! I was gonna say hi but you were with peeps.
Senior village feasibility study tmrw at St. Stephen’s Church, 25th and Penn 7:30 pm. Going to see how we can implement in mt. Vernon sq!
Happy friday!!! Looking forward to the weekend!
large enough to fit a
true. But honestly in my opinion those are isolated incidents that big companies can't base market strategies on
Love your book and just tried 's mise en place ramon, Loving it.
“: are you at "The House That Jerry Built" for the #Razorbacks?” I was there Dr. and it was an amazing game.
Carolina Chocolate Drops about to take the stage. The David Wax Museum killed it.
Wheat replaced spelt as the primary grain crop in Anglo Saxon England round about the 8th century.
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. -Lou Holtz
You know who's on our shitlist?
Yesterday was beautiful on Anna Maria Island. The Gulf was serene, the beach pristine. The sunset perfect. www.lindaswift.net
Black n white music.....now nigga thats a mixtape
ROFL!!!": An obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad, America is setting itself up for disaster..."
Thanks for the follow. Reciprocated! Muah!
Bing is making a big bet on social per #smcsea believe!
I'm gonna shock the world. I just made scrambled eggs all by myself. Thanks
Thanks, ladies! Last time it was 42 hours---anything is quicker than that. :) It'll be swell!
Reward for an intense day on the radio today...sitting at my desktop munching on BB's Lawnside BBQ
25 followers! Woot! That's a lot since I don't update often. Thank you guys. Sorry I'm not that entertaining lol. One day though lol
Looks like OPD setting up a (very loose) perimeter around Ogawa
ralphs players hate him and if terps win today that will be the first quality win of season
Playing The Red Cow Hotel in Dublin, Ireland tonight! Come on out!
we would luv to wear him out again. We left at 545. Couldn't sleep! This for great time
We need to add that. But yes on both. Unisex was the only option in those colors.
#Zimbabwe youth describe for the lack of career opportunities available for students in their country
Always be listening.. you never know what you might receieve that you didn't even know you needed to hear...
And remember, as it was written, to love another person is to see the face God
This is so fun!!!!
Hey twitter world :)
So long Deutschland; thanks for the few days. Bck to NYC, then Cleveland Boston and Miami. Anthr premiere and 9 Wanderlusts left this month!
Great, let me know I am here ! If your interested now I will do 40% off. M
I will be a professor in less than ten years.
Texas Holdem Tonight- Come on down and play with us. JC
Fml, I'm so sick. Major headache, tonsils swollen and a fever. I just want to go home
Austin since your single.. Wanna get in my bed? (;
Thanks everyone!! Trapped made their goal!!
Is it local?
I'm tripping off the young boys that I was balling with today. When someone made a good play, they would scream "SWAG".....
Some one side jacked my yahoo..i am very pissed
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT & OUR CO OWNER <333
Hello San Jose!
Fact: The original Guinness Brewery in Dublin has a 9,000 year lease on its property, at a perpetual rate of 45 Irish pounds per year.
it's gotta have some mental benefit. The fruit has electrolytes.
Performing my one-woman show, My Brooklyn Hamlet, at Jewish Ensemble Theatre the first weekend in March. SO excited.
Looking forward to tea at the Oprah Store tomorrow!
AMEN! Those directionators!
I need a shopping day asap!
happy first day of Spring to everyone! especially !
White Chapel tonight!! :D
thanks for the #FF!
AND HE'S BLEEDING!
What a beautiful day!! Gym done, errands done, watching Downton Abbey and eating Fruit Loops before a date with the lovely !
the prison sketch was the best!
..& all you ever did was mess everything up!
thinkin back to when brandon made that girl cry by calling her a stupid fucking bitch becuase she stole our lunch table....
Please welcome and follow our newest reporter here at FOX 12, Steve McCarron, he's making his debut tonight on FOX 12 at 5pm!
“: Oh boy.” Exactly.
But Nathan Sherman is awesome!
“: "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -Albert Einstein”
HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OFF TO
Boken BBQ soon??? RT : thanks for the RT! Drink soon?
RT : There's nothing like a Mothers Love! God has allowed her to bring forth life! MOM = (M)aker (O)f (M)iracles
Boys that look extra sexy taking their shirts off its the best lol , watching boys play basketball
2 new talent announcements for the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest on June 4th and 5th...
I need a Starbucks fix
mm mm mm
:) Thanks! And now you have!!
quit reading so loud :3
That. Is. Not. Kewl.
OMG! Spit take!! “: RT : I've managed not to molest children. You? RT Just curious...how is your #Lent going?”
**Late** good morning!
#np thinking about you-frank ocean
are you here today !? 😳
This rain feels good outside my window...finished my writing for the day, now tea and movie..m.
Poignant quote at #PCUS: "The lecture does not work." What do you think about replacing passive lecture w/ active learning in the classroom?
... I wonder if I.M. Pei pursued the China Art Museum. I love his work. The Miho and the Louvre are magical designs.
Thanks for the RT! What's new with you?
Only Monk I own (currently) is that one Monk w/Coltrane album and gets in the rotation during these kicks. Want more 4 sure!
Help raise $ for the Paramount. Take coupon off our site to Bob Evans 1st Mon. of ea. mo. and they will donate 15% of your bill back to us!
well first yu click shut, than the fuck up.
I cannot muster the energy to stand in line for a FEST ticket. Someone wanna buy me one?
make new ones. you can only go forward, not backwords.
Aww :) Love RT : I just saw two people sit down and kiss at the kissing bench!
Twitter Stream experiencing latency issues. So much for realtime…
sure. slippery slope, though.
Amazing Desserts! pandan lime sorbet and meyer lemon panna cotta with basil seeds and thai basil gel. hungry again!
I'm A Virgo. Can You Tell me something you think is very interesting about Virgos?(:
Indeed. Amazingly or unamazingly (my word) the #ITC extension has bipartisan report.
wow... No bball on thanksgiving!
I really hate dealing with drunk people when I'm sober and I already know this sake is going to do my mother in
Thank youu(: i love talkin to u too. even doe we just met:D
that's beyond strange. If you search Not For The Cool Kids on facebook we're there.
that's what mine is getting as well...along with a huge bone :-)
Still hurts me that they use that song...scum
I like as an analyst. Keeps it real. Liked him as a player too. Dude could pass...shoot, not so much.
Lunch Time!
I'm ridiculous. But I heart you. ;)
well said! we did a webinar yesterday on Outcome Learning and the poll questions bear this out!
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you're able to visit my house soon!
Only because we dipped into the evidence locker, spilled some liquid LSD on accident RT : fake po-po be trippin
Heyy! :D I'm doing great! Thanks for asking. How are you?
About to finally finish 'The Humbling' by Philip Roth. Any suggestions for the next book?
treat others as you'd like to be treated.
#Bears trade for WR Brandon Marshall. Let's get Mario Williams next!
Today Joonbug takes over
Okay I have an opportunity that may go through...just hope they talking right
Middle schoolers who tell someone they're going to kick their ass if you say something out of the way to them.
We're glad you liked it! It's one of our most popular flavors!
jay is stacks gone be gone a while
hey gurl can u follow my friend jadenbaby11 she got only 2 followers
I've been active on Facebook and have a new page: Family Fish Farms. Check it out. Urban Farming using Aquaponics, both fish and veggies
Make magazine: popular in print & mega-popular online, started organizing Maker Faires (NYC, San Mateo & others)
i like wen girls can sniff the jonald pheromones and immediately interject convo w/"my bf/husband"
In the picture the were 7/16ths but i just upsized to 1/2 inch like two weeks ago
Everytime I listen to my song I think its get better and better to me... IDk lol
Just saw that a Serbian restaurant is opening down the street from me. Admittedly, I don't know much about Serbian food, so that's exciting!
suck it up lol
Chapter draft sent off Friday and conference paper needs starting, but I just can't bring myself to do it. Time for a bike ride.
Yes, sir!
is it true still owns you! Damn son!
awww thanx. U were cute 2...I'm going 2 my family reunion. All my family live in memphis and mississippi lol
try putting it in an empty gameobject, work with parent? Just a guess.
When's the next Web Workers lunch?
Highly recommend Eminent Domain for those who like deck building games but hate the waiting around forever for your turn.
and the worst is you have to leave it on until you beat the game in most cases.
LA Story: Amazon sued for 1 mil $ for revealing starlet's age.
Economists writing from first world perspective-works well here, not always in developing world
So apparently toothpaste works well to remove self tanner. Note to self, tanner looks really bad on my feet :(
ben roethlisberger is a piece of shit
I was at the store and I saw blind couples... I was like awe how sweet <3
Oh Yates. It's been way too long.
I can't place outgoing calls! rep says there is an outage in the area!
Wrist on froze, Bitch I'm so cold....
gotta love bull in the ring... too bad most coaches aren't allowed to do it anymore.....
Your life is more valuable den you think! You have the best life ever and your Father will never leave you nor forsake you!
Mickey's nephews are Mortie & Ferdie. Congrats to Cameron Q., Andrew M. and Dale J. for the correct answers & recieving a FREE days rental.
oklahoma city?!. oh and day 7 is great haha.
I think you have to have the rules in place before you ingest the files... but we haven't seen any rules yet...
WHat food best powers your bounce before going nuts on a trampoline?
aww! I enjoy chatting as well. We'll have to find time to do it next year!
Isn't it cute? I'd love to make them myself.
itsgood u admit it. Haa ill pass i belive uive been meaning to ask u is your name Matty of Matthew
I think I'm addicted to instagram
There are some amazing folks on this planet. Yes, indeed, there are.
”-not sure by who, but i defiantly modified and added to this
sweet :) I've never played rugby before. Is it fun?
packer nation loves you bro. YOTTO is gunna be no joke in 2011! Go Pack Go!
#prayersforoakland with the shootings yesterday. I don't think i'll ever understand senseless killing
I hope you are doing great. :-)
believe it or not, he's all I need.
Santa is at the Space Needle and looks like he walked off the set of Star Trek! He'll be up on the O Deck today through Sat. from 11am-5pm.
me too i stand by him no matter what
Jane, let's talk. Call me.
On the subject of fear, the "Now What?" panelists shared, don't be afraid to fail; it's part of life. Learn & move on.
#ItsHardTo have 99.99% of Somalis listen and comprehend the message behind my vids, since most of them have ADD
The #osu band is easily the most obnoxious band that has played in DKR.
Mario still short lil Munchkin ! AWW
So excited to see &
EVEN THOUGH THE RAVENS DIDNT WINN THEY PLAQYED THIER HEART ONE QUESTION WHY WASN"T THAT CALL IN THE END ZONE REVIEWED
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy meals. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Rachel Ray
We can arrange a Sutro-viewing periscope to prevent Sutro narcosis, if necessary.
...unbelievable...I can't take anymore...flowers!
Double dipping is the only way to get all the flavor! Who could disagree?
nu uh :3 but you are
What games are you most looking forward to this weekend?
Mattie, where from?
query: responsive design vs. mobile app? Answer: yea, look at TCOS of apps...
lol :-) hey sir. looking forward to seeing you perform tonight!
This Friday and Saturday we are having a huge year end sale! 25% off everything (not new comics) and 90% off on DVDs
It’s better to cross the line and suffer the consequences than to just stare at the line for the rest of your life.
Yes sir... “: mention of Austin Peay requires mention of best chant ever for Fly Williams: "The Fly is open! Let's Go Peay!"
Happy New Year!
I mean
I like your tag! I'll be thinking of occasions to use it. Not tonight tho, as I'm only helping myself to more decaf tea & bed.
BAD DAY :(
I need a few hours to clear my thoughts
Thanks! Will get back to ya'
No problem. Enjoyed the call. It was very insightful. You are doing a great job!
Cast it on the one that can take it and can keep it. Get rid of it!
This what happens when a team drops back to defend a 1 goal lead for an entire half. San Jose had 3 forwards and we couldn't counter attack
I am DJ SPIN with SA URBAN, who are you?
menu tonight for 6 dear friends;raised pheasant pie, savory rutabaga tart, 7hr goat leg w/ white bean puree and burrida, honey roasted pears
it sure was :)
HAPPY MON ATX! Who doesn't like the smell of clean clothes in the morning? Remind, our 200th follower gets $20 free cleaning. Pass 'er on!
thank you!!
Valuation matters! RT : The real reason Facebook's IPO will be delayed: 15-30% drop in new tech stocks
Final day of the sale head on over to the #osso site @ www.ossoclothing.com
Just booked can't wait to be back in #Vegas We'll see you in July
It's official. Young Professional Day thanks to
One of my friend told me I will learn you Spanish and she will but after she forget to learn.. I am waiting to my Spanish teacher..
i almost have 600 followers, i'd like to thank the academy.
Need to get Tegan & Sara's new live album soon...
thanks for the follow :)
": Live on Monday, 30APR2012, at 7:00 p.m. we will be featuring the music of TAKEOUT." YEA!!
Number game!(:
Hi Jeff, thank you for the heads-up! We'll see how we can make this more visible.
Wow, my last tweet was hacked!
Yeah! At the Indiana State Fair with Elly!!!!!!!!
I think you're our first tweet since we released the update yesterday! Thanks and congrats!
Hi I'm doing very well Thank you. Working hard got some steady clients how about you? I hope everything is flowing smoothly for u
Reminder! We will be open our normal business hours on Memorial Day, Monday May 30th.
HUGE sale going on today, tomorrow and Sunday at Aqua Spas & Pools in Gig Harbor! Caribbean themed FOOD, FUN and GAMES! eh mon
I've been up for 24 hours straight. That's crazy.
I'm good w/ perpetual beta but want to know that when you start. :) RT : perpetual beta
Some days we all need a reminder :)
Ria :) Thanks! With your help :)
#brotips There is a fine line between awesome and asshole. Know the difference.
An informal poll: Do you prefer rhyming books to read to kids?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 30
: If we'll make God our priority, than He will put our other priorities in the right order.
Shout out to ! sorry if I missed your tweets! :(
I hate when I'm trying to get a new tumblr theme and they all look like shit.
rather than comment on your phrasing on that message at 2:30 in the morn, i shall simply raise my eyebrow and blush.
I'm Sicilian; I'll handle it and we don't know nuthin' about it... right?
that's good ur a strong woman so u will fight through
dm me your email address bro
$3.00 Standard Tournament Tonight at 7:00pm!! Hope to see you there!
Lots of "family" can be found on Twitter, my friend!! It's what #TwitterMovie is about! =D
im here for the eternal youth
Vogue is sending me to a private screening of the movie "Dirty Girl" 2nite!
Thanks for coming in and speaking it was great to have you! The students had very positive feedback.
Best way to kill a chocolate craving? Smash up a banana, sprinkle a lil bit of cocoa on it & say buhbye to that craving
aw :( whatt happened to your voice?
who is tattooed on your left arm? How many tats do u have?
U better chill out b4 that pressure heat up
I have a feeling Steve will mess with me somehow...
On my way to a sausage fest
don't say that you will meet him one day and you never no what will happen
Today is dragging! On a totally different note, Urkle to be on #DWTS though I'm sure Jaleel White would rather not be referred to as Urkle
How's your day?!
We need twitter reporters for our event tomorrow. DM us if you are interested!
Monday's done now time to start getting ready for PLAYHOUSE on THURSDAY!!
RT : " super Size Me (Cause your dick can never be to big lol)
You god .
amazing performance by it gave me chills
World of Warcraft Mega Bloks Season 1 collection revealed
WORK AT HOME, WITH LIVE TRAINING WITH SOMEONE THAT IS USING TO SAME SYSTEM YOU ARE..
ok I'm ready for my prizes!
Aloha Friday!
Man! It seems like that sp doesn't wanna go away!!!! Grrrrrr... Get outta my messages!
Thanks Joshua!!!
Off to study, then meeting with group...ugh, school I can see your end but it's gonna be a hard fight to pass your finish line!!!
if you're going to lie to your pregnant ex, don't tell her best friends the truth. did you think I wouldn't hear about it?
Assuming they don't skip him again, he's due up to start again on Tuesday.
Last hour of the Expo Only session for today-- come find us at booth #1115!
My good pal Louis chided me royally at breakfast this morning for the lack of blogging activity - so message heard, gotta get down to it
very carefully
Me too RT : I'm following u now u little whore
I hate crying. I always feel like I gotta be strong and hold my emotions in.
Currently kick Steven A*S <3
the SB 48 attack before the central committee endorsement and his emotional display of how much he hated seeing that
isn't that what twitter is for? Hating on lmfao and Kentucky?
On the air with raising some funds to keep FUV going strong. Public radio loves you.
woke up and daddy was missing... wonder where he went? oh well, other daddy still here!!!! time to play...
Our team is ready for the South Beach Triathlon this Sunday! Come cheer us on at 7:30am at 5th&Ocean! cc:
Stifler's mom!
RT RT : BREAKING: Student loan measure fails in the Senate 52 to 45. 60 votes were needed to advance to debate.
I'm trying to get hospital administrator to give us funds to hire a PA to answer our pages and do floor work while we take care of business.
Rounding up 65 potential jurors after lunch like herding cats. Few still absent means no juror interviews. No wonder justice takes so long.
Omg I love that show!! :DD
Social Network
Vacation! Son is house sitting....so looking forward to doing NOTHING....
The two minute song is a nearly lost art.
Any word on ? Plz keep forwarding the healing vibes. ♥
#WeGoTogether if I let you eat all the vegetables out my cup-a-noodles
LOL Leo. But 30 minutes to do nothing but breathe is different
RT“: Did you know that Angry Birds is being played 300 million minutes every day?”...does anyone else find this disturbing?
Cooking tonight for Peyton :)
When best friends move.. <\3 .. I miss you
Education is sharing -- David Wiley
Our bad. guess # 1 was that the hunt was on!
#RIPCaitlin I didn't know you, but you were a fellow hustler and I love you!
Why is it so hard for people to keep plans?!?!
Confident gum chewing and preserving energy by not squinting are two of the subjects that were covered today by Rex Hudler
Ms. Burchette doing GEE testing *crip walks like a G*
Now Follow us on Facebook
Welcome to Twitter!!!
i suppose. :o
So happy to see my girl Mary J still got it!!!!!
It's like I'm watching an NBA Jam game
Listening to System Of A Down. This makes me wanna tear shit up! >:D
Lebron need to fade that nigga
haha. Their logo and uniforms are growing on me though.
I understand :/ I got to leave at 4:00 - yay. Now errands before my workout
changed o2 sensor for and fixed my lil bro's MacBook. Now I am prepping a new painting for !
My sons and I are spending the weekend with renowned shooting coach, Ed Palubinskas. Great stuff! Wish I had this info 30 years ago!
RT : NAFSA Tech-SIG folks: When completing your #nafsa10 survey, don't forget to ask for more tech sessions!
Myy Gawwd, Real Talk? ;O Don't Remember You Doe !
We got to do what works for us! ; ) Ha!
nina test
Ughh this weather what the H is up with it.. Going back to sleep.
Right on. That is the way to live.
do wither one of you see a Chicago show in the near future
Get ready to hear from us Fort Worth!
what a jerko. Good luck!
It's important to learn a language because you can make friends anywhere and everywhere! Happy Euro Day of Languages!
Thank you and wonderful fellow GMMBers for the pre-birthday surprise! (You're all on Twitter, but won't fit in 140 characters)!
Thanks for following!
hmm...i was sick when I was supposed to go to atlantic city yesterday, i was going to go to the movies with my friends yesterday but
what a blast!
Thanks for the follow, Jordan. Great to be connected.
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow back?? Yes..no :'( ok
I guess I'm fake. Everyones telling me I'm fake so im fake hahahahah
Everybody getting on my Damn Nerves Today 😠
Oh, and, um, nevermind - go ahead and shut the damn gubmint down - our tax refund came through today!!!
Im turning my big broffer into a mahomie .
Talk is cheap, music speaks multitudes.
Isn't that wedding the best idea? We've heard it's actually an old tradition around here in Texas!
Baltimore Burger Bar. The first thing that comes to your mind when you crave burgers. Gourmet burgers that will leave you satisfied!
She wants to smile every time she thinks about you.
If I had it my way, Id stay home get drunk as hell and watch Scarface twenty times. Id skate till my high wears off then spark another one.
T em up!
False alarm dammit:(
#FF Thanks new followers sounds very interesting, looking forward to seeing how ur event turns out!
Congrats to all the runners in the #BostonMarathon today it was a scorcher! You are inspiring me to get out there and put in some miles!
Guess where I'm going Friday??? One of your favorites.
Joe and Bruce look like brothers. Maybe Bruce should be an honorary Flatlander.
How about Glassie?
were you at teen hoot with austin and peyton and ryan ?
Today in 1989, Technotronic featuring Felly hits #2 in the UK with "Pump Up the Jam".
Tickets for our June 24th Brewtopia are now on sale! Let Steve Hodos guide you through our "Wheat and Wild" lineup of hefeweizens and wheats
I am straight as an arrow!!! APRIL FOOLS!!!!
Leaving Austin n an hr....
my pleasure :) I'll send it to you gals soon
omg I love how you volunteered to share the boys room, only one of the girls with balls! LOVEYOUUU
Cheering isn't a sport? Go check out espn..
Volunteering with the Special Olympics all day! Love these kind of saturdays.
Faith takes patience, hard work, noticing changes around, and more patience.
I am in Pasco County today covering cooking grease bandit arrests by - the grease is sold as biodiesel fuel
i think a would be dope!!! thats is one of my influences and it would be on another echelon!!!
Running into your ex with your "soon to be" boyfriend.
Felicidades #zonamaco12, it was another great, successful year! Congrats to all galleries & artists
I loved the breakfast truck, it's a walk away lunch today
no Nothern took your phone??
Time to get my hair cut and beautified. I may be penniless by summertime, true enough, but dammit, I'm gonna look good doing it.
And I'm getting hungry. How will I survive?
Happy Mother's Day...you deserve to have a day...lot on your shoulders & you handle it with love & grace...:-)
I wish you could change your profile pic to 1/18th of a cupcake for that tweet :)
thanks for the RT!
A HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO Robert Pattinson!!!!! I love ur kick ass action in twilight and can't wait for the. Next one!!
See what is happening today at www.palmbeachparenting.com
Happy Poetry Month:)
#becauseoflouistomlinson I have no life other than in twitter.
Happy birthday hun!🎉🎈🎉😁 have a wonderful day! 👑
Would be interesting if the poll order randomly changed. That said, Meyer has rubbed many B1G fans the wrong way already.
(tweet I forgot to post last night) And thus ends my last Parent-Advisor conference. Ever.
I've always been here, never left, LOL
but then how can I get you all worked up and aggravated?
Donald Driver was given a hard time last week... how does everyone think he'll do tonite?
Q: What do you call a school bus full of black people? A: A rotten banana #teamfollowback messed up
noo my mom does, and we were taking the train that's when it happened. It's like a live movie with all the stuff happening
You saw that today?
Gf's birthday party was a success! Love family time! :)
The 'uncanny valley' theory might explain why some dislike my photorealistic images while loving my cartoons.
Right, so thank you so very much for proving that I'm clearly the bigger person here :)
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow :D ❤
Yet you didn't answer the question, did you? Will you be moving to the district that you hope to represent?
Out of Hackensack
Need to see this weekend: Sherlock, Tinker Tailor, Ghost Protocol, and either Young Adult or Dangerous Method...
G6 the hit song was just performed by far east movement
#ijustlostthegame oh great thank you twitter for reminding me
thanks for your fantastic interview with my welsh-mate !
Once your conscious mind is distracted it allows you to reprogram your unconscious with new programs and beliefs
If someone makes you more upset than happy, then they aren't worth your time.
i want my monro pierced gonna be this year determined
Completely agree. If roles/races were reversed, there'd have been an arrest+a mob calling for his head.
Oh oh oh oh, So put your hands up !!! ♥
RT wished I had coffee to spit out when I heard Stu Bickel's name on 24/7 last night.
Browns pick red.
Thx for your kind words!!
The guy's just trying harder than anyone else.
What kind of mac n cheese today? M
hahaha yes :) why?
you got me trippen on you ♥ x:
working on realization of cello suite I by JSB will play it in G with 6th string in D sounds pretty good to me (counterpoint added)
Thanks so much for tha Love! RT yeah ! filipino ! you have a beautiful voice man !
Good Morning. :)
#mygraduationspeech "Peace out a**holes"
Holiday cards! If you are doing real holiday cards this year and want to see a great new way, let me know.
I want some one who is DTF dedicated, trustworthy, and faithful !
I'm single fasho. #lessioned learned for me ex KEEP YA EYE ON THE PRIZE (me) :)
Yes. Indeed. Except like my pin says, "it's all fun and games until someone doesn't get the sarcasm.". Or maybe not.
#networking It’s far more important to understand their needs before you tell them about your needs.
No comment ! Ta tweeter pour rien lol
mlk weekend homiez its going down wit dem Swagga Boyz as we brig u Atlantas first foam party.
Giving away Korn tickets on The Zone @ 94.1 at 3:39 tune in now.
Pajama day was okay I guess but my pajama shirt and my huge bear pajama shirt where Awsome because it had Justin's face on it 😃❤
Its Just Me, Myself & I.
Hard work doesn't always beat talent when talent doesn't work hard. Talent can often beat hardworking lack of skill.
Well ... they WERE winning
wait to me? or to the rest of the world?:P
Remember these trends? #WhyILoveYou -Brooke
I really do like that it's 11/1/11. It will also be cool on 11/11/11.
can you get Joan of Arc cleaned up? Major tagging and the park is ragged. Thx!
She's daddy's little girl.
Yea yea yea...
Really enjoyed my 2nd #sfima Summit. Learned a lot from all the sessions & can't wait for next year! Great work by all involved!
My math book is a Saxon. NO FREAKING PICTURES! That's what I like about 4th grade. Lol
Warren Buffett, a billionaire, pays a lower tax rate than his secretary. Think that's unfair? So does Warren Buffett.
plus usadeaf.com and rayovacbattery.net
RT : ...and I couldn't get it all said in one tweet...but don't miss out. Upload your home video until midnight tonight at www ...
lol im gettin sent to care right now
What is the funniest sports related story you can think of? We want to hear it!
We have an Extraordinary gift card deal! Buy 4 $20 gift cards and get another $20 gift card for free! Offer valid until December 31st.
Three of three reporters agree: JUDGE HAMMERS NAILS should be a Dykstra headline tomorrow
Went over the video ideas w/director guy. He thinks in time sequence, I think in song structure. I'm getting a hang of this thing... :)
it's too early for this.
Conley with a strong half too. Randolph has to get it going and Gay has to stop settling for jumpers.
I mean I'll roll with some of it....but then the rest is a REACH....
It was in my German book! What is "Good morning" in Turkish?
People who think there cool but there actually gay as hell
what a welcome site at mile 17!!!
I have to pick just one?
so true!! Lol idk I'm really bored.
love it
getting all my Saints Gear discounted, Kill Them in the head
Have a wonderful night everyone!!
Karen :D
I've always what it was like to live life as a plant
“: Talked to DBB were gonna set something up real good in west BY GOD virginia!” great to run into ya tonight!!
UH OH MIZZOU
Madonna - now that is how it's done!
Have added new avatar to my personal Twitter, Now y'all can actually see what I look like.
Thanks for being a part of the event last night! All the treats you brought were so yummy!
wut the hell is wrong wit my followin i cant really follow dat much people on here.
Do what you want to do! Just because someone hates you for what you do doesn't mean you have to stop doing it!
That's fierce.
what up j ma! another trip to the district has been planned!!!! you better be around! jan 13-15. put it in your calendar! muah!
hope you enjoyed the story. thanks for the RT.
Worthy a Cullen Jenkins type?
Dedicated something.
Sounds necromantic! RT : Kissing was invented when two cannibals simultaneously tried to eat each other's face.
haha word up, I'll take her then
No roach left behind
i love the feeling of being missed. makes me always feel wanted and thought about. so i let people know when they are missed.
HAHAA! Aww, I miss my loud mouthed Jew! xo
Jimmy Kimmel? Funniest guy on TV. Feint praise aside, he was fair & scathing. Obama? Funny 2. Meanwhile, Rome burns. (insert Sardonic laugh)
We're making some changes to our site & Murphy's law interjected, which means our site is temp. down, be patient w/ us as we sort things out
we're making a flag and laying plans to succeed
What songs do you want to see played live?!
Hahahaha RT : The Clippers know Chris Paul is short as hell, right?
Speeding ticket how lovely.. -__-
Roger Goodell is serious. Today he said players could be banned for reading 'They Call Me Assassin'
I always zone out in Spanish.
I'm used to bars where I either know everyone or no one. This reunion kind-of knowing is bizarre.
#HoodAccountPasswords super bass
#DIETribes in the house with jerseys on let's drop the puck!!!
#HIMYM time! no spoilers. promise.
My wife is hot...better get the AC fixed...
np !, anyway try 2 follow ,They have a lot of good information!!! And amazing tips about #weight lose ( :
Today's office disruptions (so far): chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters. No, not distracting at all.
#HowCanYouExpect to Get Wifed up if you a Mut ?
tomorrow is good
Hey,Can I send tracks to this email?
can I get a get well tweet <3 ?
first of the month means i can get new music on emusic.com :)
WHOA! someone's dad is in cafe ole and im chasing him down. You dont treat women like that jackass
Can't wait to watch you play tomorrow! Go Nuggets!
In my opinion, "good hair" is hair that is healthy and looks nice, no matter the length or texture.
/// I miss Scott Gertner's wings...
u can't talk about no body shoes wen u sitting over here wit busted up j'$ on that came outa trunk lls
Graduation party tomorrow…awesome:)
Start 2 of these 3 (non-ppr): Tolbert, Starks, V Jackson. I lead the league in points, but am 5-5 and in danger. Help!
Fine. Leather. Goods.
wait no one is mature here.
We hope to see you all soon! RT : i have not been to yet!!
is this off the wall? if we can't get second star for batum. We you consider trading LA for top 5 pick in this draft?
Okay... Im confused.... Who the heck is Derek Bieber ?
As a Riverlake resident, you will receive all of the amenities of this mature, quiet lakeside community, including lake & clubhouse access.
One paper down, one to go...
RT : So much need in communities for healthy food donations! Organizations aren't able to keep up with the need!
I hate when people say this but I just wanna say it one time .. #GetOnMyLevel (x
$PVSP currently has over 3 million in volume! price is at .024, these prices are a steal!
should be fun! RT : CRE people - check out the stream from #CRE tech savvy
Youth Foundation Raffle Skyglider bench is in place next to booth. Great photo-op. Tickets $5 or 3 for $10. Your backyard wants this.
voted already!
Dang. Mr.Happy Pants. lol Which One Better.?
my mom is a single mom so she loves the idea for #TurnToYou :)
On Saturday, we'll have free coffee all day from the awesome folks at ! Hooray for too much coffee!
Dear , I miss you. That is all.
Sounds like your in #paradise! You make sure you enjoy yourself!x
lol its all good welcome to twitter
Just got this text from my brother who is getting married in August:
too soon to work a breaking news Whitney Houston update?
oh okayy, hopefully he follows me(:
New chiodos album is awesome
Sometimes my mother just doesn't know when her opinion is needed.
Let's go avalanche!
That is truly a tragedy! Tell me it wasn't RT: 50k pounds of beer spilled this morning in Eden Prairie.
Us too! RT : Thanks! Look forward to learning more.
Today's the day(:
Hey youre beautiful :3 can I please get a follow please! I love you . Please make my dream come true !!
Gross! School tomorrow >.<
Thanks everyone for following me here on twitter! Help me try to reach over 300 followers!
: never said "abandoned" but said it was closed & it has seen its hours & programs slashed since '02.
So Raven Symone came out the closet.... *yawn* I cant say Im surprised honestly
I think i already did turn into a werewolf, I must of gottin hit by a car when i was wolf-sleep walking last night. Haha!
RT : What hurts the most is pretending it doesn't. ~ J Cole
-- last night I met a Pomeranian named Petron. Thought of you. Thought of kidnapping it and giving it a proper name, too.
John Daly just withdrew from Austrian Open after arguing a 2-shot penalty. Silly Euro Tour, John Daly never takes less than 9 shots at once.
I like the newest episode for #IAGAWI today!! Cant wait to be in Season 6!! Rocks!!
join the crowd!!
Our 2011 Green Cuisine award winner brought some extra yummy goodness to Urban Harvest this year!
trying to make myself like Twitter
Your the only one that rocks my world!
hey, you got it! hope you are too! happy humpday :D
Guys settle down, the water main break always happens after the spring break.
Columbus, finalement. Denison's metropolis. Citadel of OCLC. Adopted home of beloved in-laws. Refuge for the night.
I'm the same way....well..you're not alone(: I'm here
5 YO Sam: "Why do I have to take a bath? So flies don't fly around me?" Where did he hear that?
HELP: Need help with solutions for hosting video! Can you help?
S/O to Roxana K. & Roshod J. WELCOME TO THE FAMILY! Only 5more likes till we reach 500!!!!
your gonna cook me something? :)
drake went in!! lol. that new Big Sean and Meek Mill is too dope!!
“ Bum Ass CCP Another Day... ”
And fieldnotes come up in breakouts!
love you too!!
This summer we'll be in Cali! Late like August though
My biology teacher is a pervert. LMFAO
Who is Joseph Kony?
Its here TikiDolls! What you've been waiting for! The Friday Outfit of Choice!!!!
NO. #verizonfios you smell! ahh! Why did you restart my movie!? #verizonfios   
mom and kids playing 20 questions on metro- is your person on dancing with the stars? is your person Mitt Romney?
Follow-up Question from Sunday Worship: Having not experienced this Christmas season before, what are we planning that is “outside the box?”
Really? I think it's because nobody really likes Romney, Santorum is sectarian, Gingrich is irrelevant, and Paul is fringe.
not Sonny Bryan's ?? Lol
It looks to be based on Laurent Sansonetti's MacRuby project. Looks somewhat legit.
We try to recycle as much as possible. Also we use bio-fuel in our trucks.
This evening... attending a ceremony in which my son will receive an award for a poem he wrote. Excited & proud!
This "Home of Tomorrow-The Moon" illustration is kicking my rear end. I may have to split it up into two separate illustrations.
Due to circumstances beyond our control, Hierosonic WILL NOT be performing at Vexfest tonight. Our deepest apologies.
working on my profile and getting up to speed with this new network.
Who brought the good news bear? Get em some f***** honey!!!
Likewise! RT : Thanks! Glad to be among so many great people!
In Chicago. Let the week begin.
Over here crackin up watchin original kings of comedy..."I took a hammer n slapped the FUCK Outta em"
I swear everything looks fine before I send my tweets and then there's a fucking error on there. Who is doing this?!
This saturday night is gonna suck now my plans are all screwed up. Ah whateves. It was to good to be true anyways.
Stir up those dark clouds with your dreams.
If Google is going to make examples of big companies in headlines of national news, they need to be prepared to follow through everywhere
Panthers Win Home Opener 4-0! Note Game Time Change For Tomorrow's Doubleheader 11am & 2pm - Go Panthers!
""" Assets in your Attic ? "" Sell for free www.just-plug-in.com
you know I've had you and your family's back since day 1 back when you were in 2nd grade
Thanks for the RT and the comment!
Could be worse.
will be there tomorrow to check it out. Look forward to meeting
He's kind of hated me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog. Actually, replace "accidentally" with "repeatedly" & "dog" with "son".
are you really certified lol jk(:
Cranberry apple chicken walnut salad>>>
I have checked this, I just feel that no matter what there is going to be issues with any approach..
Ur one of my favorite bloggers. Just thought u should know. Loved ur webinar with the "Go 4 no" lady.
he irritating
At the airport, reading to jet off to ROMA!
Other way around, Jack. Gaddy owes taxpayers an apology for sucking up a scholarship on their backs.
#np Not fair - Lily Allen
can i not be sick now
Great seeing you on #4sqday! Also, just shot you that email; thanks so much!
Super moon appearing tomorrow night. Go out and take a look!
I'm ready!!
Watching Marilee Bresciani "how will we advance our humanity if we train people to be handed the answer?" Indeed.
that is important news, for some people.How are they "big" enough to have two shows there? Fleetwood Mac didn't get that.
No, my question was a little hard to fit into 140 chars :) Plus I didn't mention that I was looking for experience not rules.
Tecmo pedigree the ultimate intangible MT : Redskins sign undrafted CB Chase Minnifield, son of ex Browns CB Frank Minnifield.
Please oh please oh please tell me it's named "Happy Little Trees"
George Hill must have money on the spread...
always... same here!
u caught him in ur lap?
I'll make Heidi that scarf!
Study hard students...it's mid-term week!
Also, I keep getting text messages from someone interesting. This is pleasurably distracting.
I had a great day doing that too!
Restaurant Week starts tonight at Fuse! How about a little Sweetwater (watermelon, sprite, and sake) before dinner?
G O R G E O U S!!! I wear Silpada and this ring is just a beautiful!!
Plus Oxlade-Chamberlain is a great name. Bonus points for the assist.
Chalmers just created the contact with a swipe away but it's a foul on the pacers...swipe aways in nBA are out of control
Way too far :( I'm going to Michigan this summer tho! Lansing! :) billion hugs? Haha
Stop by for a little.
The other shoe drops; I just got my first piece of Pinterest spam.
Lol you still got it I see
no problem love!
thank you☺
Living in Oklahoma & completely hating country music<<<<
Mets announcers just referenced #NATITUDE and we are playing the Diamondbacks. Can't. Escape.
Getting up at 3am to drive from New Orleans back to Atlanta for back to back meetings was such a brilliant idea....
New York ---> Hong Kong
Sometimes I Just Wanna Get My Cat De-clawed.... -.-
lol i like that
Wow that's awesome
test drive
Thank you baby!! And yess you know it! Love you mas <3
“: 10 years from now were gonna look back at high school and think about how dumb” won't even take 10 years...enjoy the ride.
Early wake-up ...had a fun filled week-end playing Tennis and watching a $10.00 Tournament - facing the week with big expectations.
#Tennesee Higher Education Leaders focus on #College Completion Strategies with Gov.
holy shit. Enjoy the game!
Back to back seasons #Badgers and #mubb in the sweet 16. Hoping for better results this yr.
Working on Mojo's World website today! www.mojosworld.net WILL be back up by THIS WEEKEND!!! Stay tuned. :-p --- [thanks for your support!]
#nowplaying "Wonderland" by U.F.O. (2012)
It wouldn't be right if I didn't get mines too...
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. Psalm 23:5
Netflix 1 star review of Dogtooth: "I'm giving it 1 star because the boy kills a cat. I love cats with the passion of a thousands suns."
good luck !
I'm speaking at JaneAusten fest this weekend so
call me asap 2252233855
and here we go again... booting up my Mac to Windows 7.... buckle up!
Fuuuuuck this is too much. #whycantthingsjustwork I'm so tired of dealing with shit. I just want everything to go smooth.
Allergies will seriously be the death of me. #dying 👿
": @ hotel, I'm wide awake & is sleeping soundly... "I am awake since you tweeted me"....DUUUUUHHH!
When I hear Freddy Mercury's voice it does something to me. When I hear Chris Cornell's voice, it does something to my vagina.
RT ": Your cousin looks country strong out there. If I would tell him to do anything, I'd say he needs to get lower.
"Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare."
That video is fuc*ing crazy hot!!!
I don't know why Fish& Grits go so good together, but they do. Especially, creamy cheese grits w/tomato& cilantro topped w/!
Dude! I heard from Vinnie today. His new CD will be out in just a few months!
Mix the right ingredients and get sumthin amazing. Want proof checkout
So so so very excited about the things ahead!!!! :-)
Watching Tough Love Miami. I wish I had a mini on my shoulder everywhere I went. I learn so much from this show!
Loved the list - what a great resource!
I'm in BH at the Producers Guild's legal dept. But I ALWAYS make time for my folks. hit me up.
Doin'my darndest to stay out of it and keep it about the music. :-)
got it! Will do.
Really wish we woulda pulled that one out, helluva game,
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
A special thank you to Just ShutterUp for supporting CFC's #2013CFCTryouts this year!
See, this is why I go HOME on Friday night and get drunk, nobody to arrest me there :-) RT damn that sucks about Tania
GOOD. Now here's Tom's Diner in all caps: DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUP DUH DUH DUH DUP DUH DUH DUH
Nothing builds anticipation like booking the hotel room. I always want to wake up the next morning wherever I booked the day before.
The cost of love is high in 2012
who do you have winning in your bracket?
Looking for amazing DP w/passport for big project. Needs 2 have experience making documentaries. Able 2 travel Feb 29-March 5th to Colombia.
Headed to bar 4 to hear Ryan Ferriera solo guitar set. 9 pm.
happy thanksgiving to all you wonderful tweeters :) muahhh
what is this a lisy of?
Being in Munson is going to be dangerous: I'm right across the street from all of my favorite eateries: Roti, Whole Foods, BTS #excited!
...concerted to flow the creative of continuums. © dmp
Lol now get your butt back to the "A" and start your career.
4.I am a girl Turn On:When boys are themselves around you Turn Off:They just want some lips action ever heard of talking? Conversations? No?
Cinco De Mayo. Let us celebrate.
Some things are better left unsaid. And I wish that I could take back half of the conversations we shared.
nice job tonight! It only gets better from here... Let's Get Dizzy!
lol aw your sweet! :-)
Oh, I know! haha!♥
these pants make me look way tok skinny
Finding Cheap Landlord Insurance (E-Zine)
Wet, cold windy May So unlike Carolina That geese have flown south
is today THE day???
I'm good at helping with physical pain, not emotional. I can defend when I need to and offend when I need to. But I can't help with emotions
With the Beach Boys reunion happening, is Brian Wilson disappointed that he will probably have to play "Kokomo"? I'm sure he is.
u fucked wit da wrong boy connier im telling u
I wonder if J.Cole really fucked diggy's sister
follow me on instagram
Join the music revolution!
I agree. RT : I stand by my "someone forgot to submit something" theory.
listening to Christmas music in May.
Thank you for the tip. Which page?
good one....touché,
are you going to HP TechForum in Las Vegas next weekend? If so, drop me a note!
i miss you best friend! We needs ti hang out more :)
Kim looks amazing!!
If you don't have a peer group to lean on, you have no idea how much better your work and life could be... thanks friends!
Hidin from security in school
u want me to make u somethang.
ha ha! Scrapple is as scrapple does!
I just woke up, and I have less than 20 minutes to get ready. .-.
Welcome to our new followers! The 3Bet online store is opening later this month - stay tuned...
Looks great! And you know how we love a clean design...
The #EdmundFitzgerald porter from Great Lakes Brewing is possibly my favorite beer of all time. Where can I get it in houtx?
They definitely need to open a fuddruckers in indy
Goal of the Day: Not quite spring yet, but it's warm enough! Start spring cleaning by committing to clean out 1 rm/wk until the job is done!
okay bring whoever. And it's $10 to get inn ☺
did you want to go?
- Haha Yea Its A Boy. (; Aye . KIDDING . Im Going Over the Asian Friend House.
We proudly serve three of Intelligentsia’s Iced Teas at Provence. If you are a tea lover, come visit us and enjoy a cup of...
#beatboston Knicks need this win!! Let's go Knicks!!!!
Remarks at the German Marshall Fund - US Department of State (press release)
Look for my interview with #IFBB Superstar #Toney Freeman this coming week...www.fitphysiqueradio.com
Doesn't get much better than this....well, can always get better but you know what I mean
I'll definitely check them out! Thanks!!
"Riches do not respond to wishes"
Massage Therapy is now considered in the discipline of Comparative & Alternative Medicine
Great convo over lunch w/Ogdensburg PL (NY) director. Look for stories soon abt thin clients, training, using donations...
is right here. ?
Good Morning
That man don't got no life, making us do them worthless projects, Bellworks, homeworks and assignments
ok, what's the one about that your watching?
I'm up. Now to get at 'em. May need to skip my regular morning coffee blend and go straight to the double shot espresso today...
We are, thanks! Cheers!
how we gonna hit up extra terrestrial intelligence when we dont even things on lock down here
now that's green transportation.
A very good morning family. I pray for you to have over happiness if you don't already. There's nothing like it.
I love you <3
at least that much ,huh
It's like the lakers had a bitch panties off and was fingering the bitch and she suddenly had a change of heart
clues start on Yesterday and Today which was news to me.
No way! Sorry to hear about your van guys. Hopefully you get that shizzle figured out asap.
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
GM tweeps EVERYTHING we run away from has power over us; ANYTHING we go through, we conquer.
bullshit....and you would know this how?!
Our Wellness Travaasas to help you decompress and recharge. It’s important to find peace after a stressful day. How do you let go?
Could not be more excited that they have already started to play the movie #Elf on TV!!!!
The postman is wearing sexy shorts today!
Made crustless pumpkin pie to "test" before the big T-day next week. It gets an A! M
Are you attending #govwebcon?
I mean not that its happened to me or anything but I mean in general
thx (: danielle went on her class trip today
#Random Thought: I wish that Spammers were more clever. No variety, no intriguing previews. So generic!
RT : Sandy Clough is going on a TEAR right now on #thefan #1043 and he is EXACTLY right about the #Rockies Preach. #noaccountab ...
: I don't take pictures for the sake of photographing. I take photographs to express what's going on inside of me. Rumio Sato
I'll introduce you to this amazing new concept. It's called a student loan (s). They're all the rage.
The one i love dearly Mr. Logan Henderson!! <3
Go to sleep LOL
You piss me off like no body else. The way that you roll your eyes makes me so upset. And when you smirk to my face it ain't hard to tell.
go find your own guests!
Things are coming into focus m
i hope you receive the good news on Monday when you call :)
Monday's are the worse. At least schools almost over. :/
he's fucking retarded.
Thanks for the tweet Rich
I love failing music theory quizzes! It's such a great feeling...
Beautiful day! 
Thanks Timothy! Great list, honored to be included. Definitely followed a bunch from it. Have a great weekend!
They be like "There he go!".
Peace comes with trust and faith. Knowing that the past has brought us today and that the future is an expression of our continued choices.
RT If you love your Florida Supporters!
Man, I wonder how the Man Vs. Food guy feels the day after. I feel sorry for the toilet bowl.
"Indonesia yanks Gaga gig, says she'll corrupt kids" #yahoonews But the terrorist bombings won't?
Fleury in net for the #Pens. He can tie franchise mark for most wins in a season w/ 43 & can also become franchise's all-time wins leader.
Watching Sprint Cup: STP 400 with Viggle Sun | 10:30AM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
My momma said fuk it nigga hit the streets & LIVE
Ur welcome! Happy Anniversary Mr and Mrs Ackles :D
-smiles-he's gonna be a big one
What should I have for dinner?
does the network snatch back the ring?
the blondes mating call.
can me and take like a million pictures w/ you when We see you at the air port and at hoot fest..?! xx :D
you sounded great last night on ! Brought back fun memories when I saw your first show at the #ryman many moons ago!
Fortunate to be building a strong relationship with a girl friend that I've known for over a year. It takes a long time
Why u say that?
I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THAT HAPPENED. I swear on the souls of Lady Mary and Coach Taylor.
tweet you tomorrow...
Good Morning! A picture is a poem without words. -Horace
Go hard for me& mines we anit n need of SH*T!!!! & do it on my on no help at all
nice 'do, I think they call that haircut "the senator"
The name of the #ebook is A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart and its on #Amazon for 99 cents.
Another amazing Friday has arrived! Join us and the for tonight at Club50!
No, my Spanish book :p
Never drive faster than your Guardian Angel can fly.
Dude really just left that chick at the hotel and she got scooped up by some dudes
Haha RT : So pumped for this Kansas Ohio State game
RT : Former Michigan target. RT : Next year I will play at Ohio State !!
Sup, Andy? -John
will your little friend Greg be joining us all at Foxwoods?
I always end up crying in the end. >.>
There are def some folks here who'd agree w you. That's one fun thing about tech #startuplife: heated debates re: phone choice.
RT Conan: Last week an 11-yr-old boy interviewed POTUS. Boy asked what to do about bullying. Obama told the kid, Shut up, nerd
A girl worth fighting for ☺
& tomorrow night at Sullivan Hall in NYC!! 18 & over!! 8pm!
our album " Better Than Bad " will be available on itunes. release date coming soon. no lables. no contracts. releasing it ourselves. DIY.
You mean like the giant Wall Street baillouts that we paid for? Yeah, the "owners" paid on that one. the owners got paid.
Most Relationships Fail Because Females Love Too Much, And Guys Love Too Many..
Nobody punches caroline channing, and gets away with it!
Hey, what's #usguys?
Word on the street, The Champ will be in the building the cheer for his hometown Cards!
“: S/O to the boy and #TheBartendaz.....#CantGetNoLouder” <
:D A saucy intern at that. LOL
Real nigga moment right now
B.o.b did that #106&park
I am a social media hoarder too. Now every time I log on I try to Unfollow a few folks.
I'm gonna try to go to bed. I guess tomorrow I'm just wingin it.
I bet it doesn't wiggle for you!
being "seen" to do good is often the new philanthropy #justdoit&dontaskforanythinginreturn
For a chance to win 2 tickets to the 85th Annual Golden Gloves finals 3/29 and 3/30 RETWEET this & follow !
Proverbs 17:22: A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. im pretty shy and quiet at first but after im not that shy anymore
Please come be the Gophers new AD,
So awesome. 1 of the people from my ACP class found me at the airport & bought me a beer!
agreed! I did that too!
Tia: whats that? Summer: if i touch it will it kill me?
My birthdays next week.
good luck boi!
They have been filming a movie here in Bmorenews for a few weeks. What is it?..:-)
3 weeks til my b day it's gonna be a memorable 1
Tonight my 2-yr-old stuck his fingers in 3 unattended cupcakes, bit into a 4th cupcake, and walked off with a 5th. He's like Goldilocks.
More Workshops with Luis De La Tota are coming to Solo Flamenco! Sign up via our website or at the Studio!
I love ! You've proven to me how strong and successful a girl can be thank u for everything! I love u! Please follow me <3
#LetsBeReal some dudes act like lil boys instead of a grown ass man
YES! you know first hand all about AZ. It's a shame because it could be a good place, but they keep diving to the right.
next week would be better for me, but I could do Thursday before the World Bank/Interaction workshop
The Eaton Collection at Riverside is _the_ pilgrimage site for SF scholars, and now I get to go there twice next year.
loved meeting u <3
"we are often better served by connecting ideas than we are by protecting them" Where Good Ideas Come From by
Rangers/Devils game was intense. I've never seen a 5-min fist fight 2 seconds into game at puck drop before.
It's too hot in LA :(
Let's finish up strong!
It's not too late to register for tomorrow's Speakers including our founder + president !
Should I bother making a 2011 mixed cd for Christmas? Do people want those anymore? Pesky cd, have to load into iTunes, synch to ipod, etc..
especially when you in the crib by yoself. lol. spooky.
well put dear!
when r u free I get outta work at 1!
anyway man, thanks for the great music, not only does your guitar playing skills match up with the greats your song writing is legit. Thanks
i get it in 5 days but ive been driving since i was 5. hahaha wait how old r u
Hi Kelly, sorry if we didnt get back to you last year on that 2x1 polo sale...as you can imagine it was super crazy in August
M eat healthy while doing P90x for the best results. Contact me and I can give you specifics.
Goodnight everyone.....
Blue Angels flying around #Seattle Day!
I admit though I do need to work on how fast I get mad at my man
Steven Martin's white hair is starting to gray. Makes sense. “: Got my first gray hair today.”
YES!!!! You don't like it too? THAT IS Such GOOD news! Because you would have had a LOT of explaining to do. :o)
still up in the press box for I'll stop by the auxiliary media center and say hello! Happy Derby, brother!
I hereby submit "Juan Carlos" as the #newespresso name. ;)
be safe girly!!! Miss you already, have a good summer :)
I can't with you. lmao
Philly Sports: The Juice: Dodgers beat D-backs in brushback battle, Matt Kemp goes on DL (Big League Stew)
Our friend keeps talking about something coming in 2013. Anybody have any ideas?
oh no :( i hope you don't
You don't scare me stair mill...
Ask not what my machete can do for you, but what I can do to you with my machete.
Student: "So you're saying it's not complicated, but don't feel retarded if I have to ask for help."
We hit our goal! 100 new likes just since Saturday! Thank you everyone for all your help!!!
Re: The mornings are 500 times better when I get up at 5...Amen to that! Love those quiet hours!
Hey shawtys it's been an amazing year
don't take ur pent up Vol fan rage out on God fearing southerners who just want the damn unis to match the checkerboards!
not yet - needed to handle a few things - working in my hotel room! Will be there around/after lunch and tomorrow
Prydz. Wolfgang. Porter. ID ticket capped.
lol ull see, ill be in contact with u when kobe gets that 6 ring
Excellent work, Team USA. Applause to you and your ice skates.
do it!
awesome man
Love your new Christmas album Justin keep working hard<3
good ?! We didn't know in advance. We always notice tweets that mention tours/docents, but knowing it was encouraged was new.
now he mentioned brownie! bob errey u r my hero!
Decided to hit Bikram. Let's join hands & pray I don't pass out. It's been a long time.
Laid two tracks down, fuckin tired
Rice University rolling through the city.The Rice Centennial METRORail: via
Funny how fake people are
oh boy! Just be glad you didnt pay $100 each forthe tickets! Can you imagine?!?!
It's Tiramisu Tuesday!!!! Come in and eat it up!
are you thinking about the Green Dot Saloon on Lafayette in Detroit? just in case... great truffle fries there.
I read you found a job. I do hope it is one you like.
text mee! My iPad is dead
T_T RT : yup, you a bitch. And the Bulls got knocked out
Just looked those up - they would work. Thanks! He wears fancy striped sweats from Boden a lot.
RT : RT Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to achieve it. #☚THAT
"Why can't you stay just long enough to explain?" When It Rains -
I am getting some interesting messages O.o
y'all are sweet :) Happy Mother's Day to you both!
Not sure that whole group discussion is going to help individuals solve their institutional problems. How to fix this?
Now that students are gone, I set up a coffee station right in my office. Now I can embrace my caffeine dependency all summer.
Thomas Jefferson was the first head of the patent office
Dump the ones that are not providing any value to you are your business. It screws up your Followers / Following ratio.
Miss playing with his dreads lls
faux pas... a total blunder! #YOLO seriously?!
Hey Guys!! just wanted 2 say a special thank you for all the #mofone #support! Can't believe they will be here so soon-Nov! Spread the word!
Writing prof published students' work w/o comp & sold the books as required class reading & to write essays on crap stories.
has made it passed the first round of #harvard competition.
Doing my nails they look.so cute
please notice me!!! please 20
Where do you live?
does somebody have a good gif of Austin? i wanna use it at my tumblr.
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die ~Buddha
happy moms day to super mom!!!!
what Dose rt mean
haha! Because it's loud and smelly:)
ikr!!! haha, sorry for the late reply. well, i like eyes set to kill, the maine, chase coy, the ready set, flight 409, ect.. you?
sorry I was mainly talking to her anyway. :P
thanks Aaron. (:
Lessons I've learned from being a mom # 1: they will act perfectly fine, until I get on the phone.
“: Justin Bieber should go on #EmbarrassingBodies . Looking like that just ain't normal.” You're prob fat eating yo noms
Thanks cute girl ! Your recommendations on donut grubbery are spot on.
&&follow your dreams they are worth reaching for(: jamminq to JB your my common denominator:D
Oh yes, a nuke didn't work, but a team of swimmers armed with knives can overpower these superfish. That's some brilliant strategy.
i'm fine thanks for asking(: How about you?
haha might just have to go to legoland then!
Day still dragging?
Girls need to be a little more classy at my school. Don't wear a romper if half your ass is gonna hangout..
My band will be @ Park Meadows Mall today from 3-430 to sell tickets to our show this Friday in Denver. 1st person to meet us gets free tix
will I be seeing you tomorrow?!
/ tends to be big complaint from attendees as well. I was thinking multiple (sponsored) wifi hubs to keep speeds high.
I follow the best thinkers! Honest. A pleasure to just read and RT!
Who's Sherry?
You are not the 1st, nor the last, my friend. Like Guy, I'm a big fag trapped in a woman's body.
that's just about a perfect representation of my spideroak situation. even better (& more appropriate?) b/c it's in cartoons.
hey can u dm the link??
Riding around blowing #Lemonhaze bumpin #reasonabledoubt wit & Todd2. then studio lock in wit
is my new favorite little girl she is a little ray of sunshine
is this some sort of sick experiment? Did you lose a bet?
Holy crap, Mitt Romney is rich! Never would have expected that.
We are an i library but I hate the nickel & diming. I'm also interested in LibraryThing for Libraries' mobile catalog product.
“ “ I never allow my GirlFriends to argue with Bitches while they wit me...that make you look bad And its not Classy !”
Talking to autmn and listening to a baby laugh lmaooo
Retweet to win- One follower wins a $25 visa gift card. #freebie #contest #starbucks #win We are Ant Fuel #WebDesign, #Development, and
Mentaly i'm done with him but physicly i want him soo ...BAD !!
#Instagram + Facebook... thoughts?
everybody needa get off Young Moneys nuts. Actin like its tha best label and shit. Get yo mainstream ass outta here and listen to real shit.
Dec 6th????????? Update please
Are you get a new P.O. Box so we can send you things when you move to Miami? If so please tweet us it! Thanks and good luck <3
HELLO YES, THIS IS DOG!
thank you for your comment on my works and thanks for following me.
Barnes &amp; Noble Offers College Application Organizer
You can tell me stories of how hes stupid but I can tell you #1m reasons y he's the 1 4 me When I die hes the last face I want 2 c! I luv ya
right!?!? Every single road I use to go anywhere is torn up.
what I see as ignorance, is the fact that so many Americans bought into the fact that the 9/11 attacks were made by
