NOTED..haha; however, it gets the word out. -Jared
Last time i was in NY, I took the bus and missed my flight by 1min!!! Proly cuz the bus driver took a 10 min bathroom break
Update: will now be on SpeakEasy on WeAct Radio 1480 am at 7pm.
#BBW well get yo ass in the water
Some people like more hot sauce than others... and some people like more truffle oil than others. It's subjective. What do you all think?
“Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.” - Dalai Lama
Thanks so much I love your picture!
The most popular songs now are about sex, drugs, and alcohol. I think someone should step up and change that.
Don't tell me what to do. Im the one fucking this bitch your just holding the dam camera.
Best daily deals. Amercan visionary art museum.
nah, you want my ass (:<
beach round 2 ☀
Nnamdi Asomugha to the Eagles?! That was kept SUPER quiet. Are the Eagles the team to beat in the NFC now??
If everything is worked out, then what's the problem. Are you just needing money, which is no easy matter.
he's quite the informer.
update on trivia- final question and it is what is the only letter not represented as the first letter of a capital city of a country????
well it's probably cause we have yet to hang out 😪
Are you changing the number of posts to show through Dashboard>Genesis>Theme Settings & scroll down to the Blog Page area?
Fuck a hoe, move crack, bust a cop, fuck the world.
Hosted the ASAE idea swap today at NCC!! Great turnout!
Happy MgoMother's day! We love our moms!
hey thanks man. \m/
IM GOING TO WRITE MY FEELINGS ON PAPER..IF YOU RESPOND..THATS ON HIM..IF NOT AT LEAST I FEEL BETTER
Most of Superman was shot in Alberta Canada! 80's! Up Up and Away! YE
Lmao at this girl dancing on the pole
We've got the case of the crying boyfriend coming up with Judge Gino. That's 10 minutes away.
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!.........
good to see you made it all safe to NZ - sounds like lots to talk about - Enjoy :)
anyways you've made me very hungry and you owe me some food now, So umm i'm waiting! :D
Where the hell did they get the name "bannanas"
You can't lose if you don't play but what's the fun in sitting on the sideline watching all the action.
That show gives me the willies!
Nice work yesterday for Milwaukee day.
Reading it was like a warm cup of coffee and a hug from a friend. Had me both in tears and belly laughing. Such a treasure!
my family will be there to cheer you to a win!
2 and a half hours until ! #Stagecoach woo
Either the coffee kicks in, or the madness sets in...
Being a (currently) unemployed designer, I read Design is a Job in one sitting. It was as awesome as the rest of 's stuff.
There should be more willow trees in central park, I find them easy to ponder by.
Congrats Dallas, the most we can do is try! Get ready for the next challenge!
Q: do you think you've been able to positively impact the view of day laborers in any way?
gonna go catch baby crabs now
Not to be twitter-annoying, but how do you feel about food with weird textures? Gross, right? Onions are the worst.
So cannot wait until tomorrow!
follow for good info on lower north fork fire. At the command posts with live updates starting at 4:30am.
omg this is SO cute !!! <33333 I want to give him a big hug
Thanks for the RT! This series is pretty cool :)
wondering what the problem is with my printer. It has to think so hard to print anymore...
I've always wanted to learn. When are you doing it again?
is now due to technical reasons!
Johnson = Best sports broadcaster ever!
haha! Well thank you. Our sister store took a well-earned
What a game. Goodnight Cheesehead Nation.
I'm so ready for 9:30 to get I've spent my whole day at work
's official music video for #BOYFRIEND will be featured for the world 2 see @ The Voice. RT if you're excited to see!
lol yay! Awesome! No problem at all. Your shirts, your time :) excited!! I'm sure they'll turn out great!!
Man Smuggled Gun Into Jail Cell by Hiding it Up His Butt -
stay hurt Chavez
Tickets tomorrow on Whip's show (1-4pm) for Cloud Nothings this Saturday at the Larimer Lounge
nobody ever wants to hangout with me... honestly, dont even say that you do, i never get invited to shittt. no exceptions not onee
I saw a demo of preproduction Analyze 6.0 yesterday and the advanced #analytics look amazing!
preach, sister.
I love the crazy people on the show! It makes me laugh, but I lose a little bit of faith in the human race at the same time.
april 15th is my bday!! woot! what are you up to? DM
you play basketball??? OMGEE I LOVE BASKETBALL been plzyin since i was 5. :)
RT : what about ....and the boys holding their ankles.....what an idiot homophobe /He sounds like a K member!
ME AND MY COUSIN MADE YOU A BIRTHDAY VIDEO AND WE WILL TRY AND PUT IT IN YOUTUBE AND SEND YOU THE LINK I HOPE YOU LIKE IT <3
if you want out of the "income opportunity" industry & want to accomplish your goals in real time go to
being able to show insurance via smartphone is INGENIOUS. I mean, who even owns a printer? Gross.
do you follow ? If not, I highly recommend it.
Having twizzler fights with your brother
And your mad as shit , cause no one ain't even worried about you , I do me , fuck your time #FUCK YOU
Playing a house party outside in 1 hour with Naughty. Free show because we love this shit! Holler back for the address...
I am slowly becoming addicted to twitter..
Pretty Powerful!! RT Ex. of effective video marketing Johnson & Johnson, by humanizing brand and messages via stories.
Great time planning #4 w the crew tonight! Can you say Duthie Hill and bring you MTB chops?
this fool. I'm not drinking. O.o
NYT bestselling author has a teen #steampunk novel coming out in 2/13 Etiquette & Espionage
Dang lunch break over.
RT He does not have hair on his testicles... because hair does not grow on steel / His kisses don't began with Kay...
lol I see! I gotta get back over there!
I know, Klout drives me crazy. Like reviews, I have to force myself not to look at it, then I can't help it.
Don't forget to purchase your copy Of Sentenced At Birth....Available now at Amazon.com, Lulu.com and Barnes & Noble
officially blowing up! Bigger heights every day. It's fun to watch the takeover!
Chillin in Houston :)
Ok, your free to your opinion. Do you care to weigh in on anything I said in regards to your inquiry?
I'm a bad girl and my friends are bad too. I have that swag sauce, yeah, I'm dripping Swagu.
should be a great night.
The number one act. In country music going today*
A Catholic turned Episcopalian learns at 59 she was born to Jewish parents; Frmr Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at noon
"I don't care what you think about me. I don't think about you at all". HaHa! Gotta love Coco Chanel. Ditto mama...ditto.
I love training yeow is it training time yet
Yippee!! Friday & Saturday for #TwoGents are SOLD OUT!
can't blame ya, how bout Braun last night? So close to 4 HRs! Just killing some time before work #NBAPlayoffs baby u a fan?
rocked the house 's Sheconomics event. Loved sharing the stage with you and Amy!
I hope everyone had a very happy Thanksgiving with their families!! Now to countdown to Christmas..
likewise. How about we disrupt the world a bit?
Spring forward on with me today as I hit and
i know. Ugh
Hi Todd, thank you for the follow, nice to meet you.
Which bounce house did you rent from us this year? Would you like to try something different next time?
Apparently the fact that I have feelings makes family members want to kill themselves...
showing no mercy for those hoes who be flossing. acting like they all that when they only good for tossing.
Tony Allen is THE best perimeter defender in the league.
i am soo happy right now and i don't no wat for!! lol
*~Tiffaniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i gotta tellz you something....~*
I laughed at the In The Mouth of Madness. Yeah, that one fit well with my ex.
Handmade cards from your kids are the BEST presents a mom ever gets. I am so blessed to have such a wonderful daughter!
Thanks, I am following you. Hometown Gt Falls. Now Florida. Stellamae
This time it was it should be knowledge, learning, enlightenment, and understanding
Welcom ACL to 2nd Street District for today's SoundCheck #party! Dale Watson Rick Trevino & Matt Wilson, and street party! #Lofty Dog...
Had fun plaque-hunting in Morningside Heights for ! New thesis-break hobby?
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails."
Thx for RT & mention! Pls help us spread the word! www.medicalteams.org for updates...
South congress is overrun with hipsters. Beware.
What's up ? I'm sorry, that's the last thing we want to do! Let us know what happened so we can fix it! Thanks 4 the feedback
Tell me why (ain't nothin' but a heartache)... Tell me why (ain't nothin' but a mistake) :D
Being the best YOU is making your outer appearance a #beautiful extension of your inner diva. Have & maintain the:
Lol but THEY pay for my gas, & I live in THEIR house. I have no job, so I can provide for myself at all. Lol idk!
Tried to stay up for MN Dist. 8 & Governor results, but Harry Reid's victory speech is putting me to sleep. Good luck, Oberstar & Dayton!
Listening to my 6 year old introduce his wrestling guys with their heavy metal theme songs, only he can't say his r's or th's. Love it.
Never be bullied in2 silence. Never be made out to be a victim. Do not accept no one's definition of your life. Define yourself.
Kyocera Remains San Diego’s Most-Awarded Company for Environmental Programs, Honored with 12th Consecutive City ... Kyocera Comm
The Pharcyde, Fugees at Bassnector? WTF??? And it just started, what's next??
RT MLB and cable sports tried to sully the reputation of an innocent man. Picked the wrong guy to mess with.
Ok boys and girls... Im hitting the booth... Ill be back!
Interesting finding or lack thereof strong marketing skills in IT department from Birkman. Maybe need to strengthen or add #marketing?
Hasty resolutions are of the nature of vows, and be equally avoided.
Hey! Thanks for the article! Very eye-opening.
Senior night is tonight. Glass, Getz, Lyons, S. Witty, and Bougie all playing their last game at the Ice Center.
“: Ricky Williams = name over substance.”. That's Ronnie Brown. Ricky can still help.
It breaks my heart.
Yesterday's half empty Mountain Dew is worse.
PEOPLE!! THE WORK AT HOME JOB OFFER JOURNAL THINGY THAT'S EMAILED..IS A SCAM, HEAR ME? S-C-A-M, CAPISCI? DO NOT FALL FOR IT,YES?
- That awkward moment when you realize Steve Blake is taking your last shot to win a playoff game.
Brain has changed gears... Now running nice and smoothly... Back to working on writing...Plans are being formed... Action just needed.
“: Clothes are so dumb I hate them”Abby WTF....
I always like to give a shout out to and all my MSR peeps. :-) Thanks for the kind words.
nice job looking pretty good
it was really cool for just 1 tix
Dear BSU Internet, feel free to stop being so shitty any day now...
I wonder if & the crew in one of the clubs in Miami tonight :)
RT " Can't stop twirling my moustache." tweet of the year nominee for sure
idk I'm trying to go back to sleep bc there's not one ounce of chill in my system lol
off the heels of #TEDxRainier11 I'm headed to LA to discuss how public libs can engage with the digital public library of america
yea she is! :) so guess what Liz, i'm like 90% giving up on a follow from one of the boys :( it's become nearly impossible!
thanks! And may you always have a "Fourth-full" presence to infinity and beyond \m/
Before you slip into unconsciousness I'd like to have another kiss
Demolition of the Lakeshore Habitat for Humanity house on 17th street....check! Great morning w/ the group!
Phoenix beats Chicago, 3-2, in OT!
Happy to be attending this event.
The old man on d Hamrlik
Nice to see pollen count "washed out" our entire area really needed that drink
men dont pretend 2 like a girl who's pretty like her for her personality
I agree. The Scream series is always a nail-biter. Some of the best in horror movies there. Best wishes to you.
I think that calls for taking the day off!
I shouldn't have to wait more than two seconds for anything to load. It's civil rights. This is the 90s.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! How are you guys celebrating the day?
Hate waking up to the sun in my face! ☀👎
Please tune in today @ 3pm. Pastor Joel will be on the Word Network.
Happy new year to my BRO !
Great! Will do, thanks #THATCamp #SE: The Humanities and Technology Camp South Eas
omg, hysterical! loved it and can't wait for more. :-)
Sit on my face and watch me work
Im sick of seeing scene bastards everywhere i go
Guys in other grades are so much more attractive thelan guys in your own grade
BellBrook Labs has entered into an agreement with Thermo Scientific Cellomics 4 exclusive distribution of the iuvo Micronduit Array products
i enjoy how all these "douche" athlete profiles know & talk to each other. just like real life!!
At The hospital with my madré
second the motion
thanks for the RT! 2 great days of #Agile coaching in TN
When I wear blue jeans to work, it's burning up in here. When I wear shorts, it's freezing. #whatgives? Haha
To : "can we please go shopping next weekend?" Her response: laughter
all right, we can go again Saturday.
you need to stop asking my questions.
the salacious stories of my life is infinitely better!
Enjoy your weekend, and ladies....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
I recommend walking around naked in your living room. Feel free.
yes! It blew my mind. I gotta say when Fred (or George) for killed I about lost it
Agreed! Just let us know. If we can, we will.
we would be happy to replace it! email us at and we'll get her another
Dear KC Lion's club please contact us, you desperately need our help.
Id be down for that. I love traveling to strange lands. Zoey tho is an American snob.
I think there are learning styles that can be loosely grouped. But many institutions force one way.
On getting a call from the bush white house says: "I'm from NYC. In NYC you can go a whole day without even seeing a republican."
'Abdu'l-Bahá and Mrs. True were at Davis's grave in Oak Woods Cemetery at about 4:30 p.m.
thanks so much!
why is so gorgeous? :)
Look beautiful outside. I'm spending the 2nd day in a row on the couch, so sick with very little sleep.
Good Dogs will be in the Menil Collection parking lot until 2PM.
Back in the painting studio working on ARTiculating this God vision!
Welcome Back to Twitter !!! :]
Just completed the 3 day judging of #SFWorldSpiritsComp!! Amazing line up of products! Can't wait for the Press Release!
Charcoal's being carried out for the BBQ!
Did you guys get your office space?
OMG i think my sis is hurt :'( :)ILYShawty<3
I've been using Mellel on Pages on Mac. Really like Mellel. What word processor do you recommend?
Because of this, any marketing decisions that are made can get implemented immediately
will you ever forget me?
RT Mechanical bull rides are a good place to meet someone with busted genitals.
2011: " LET'S GO PLANKING! " 2012 "LET'S CHOKE ON CINNAMON! "
I know Seattleites find it acceptable to abandon their cars when it snows, but do you have to abandon your car in front of my driveway? hm
Maybe if you stopped acting like a complete bitch every single time, you'll have people to talk too.
My Niggah Send Me Dhat Song To My Email Big Bro
7.5 bags later and I think I might have actually hit my Peppermint Bark/Dark Chocolate limit.
Way to go Wordstorunby! Always great to hear stories like that!
Woke up feeling sore.. 😣
The last stage of inquiry -- in school or in a career -- should be communication & presentation
& by political vision u mean selling out the masses 2 the highest bidder? Re:My heart prays IK brings about change ...
I take back my whingeing - today is improving with coffee number two.
“Being in politics is like being a football coach
doing great! Glad your Ecopalooza show was a success! :-)
Woo! Right?! :D RT : RT : "When was the last time you said 'I love my work. #ASTD2012 About 5 minutes ago!
": how I get in the mix fam", I'm here 4 u tho (Triple D muzik) so U tell me what can I do 2 help u help the D!
had an awesome time at Papa Mali's Supernatural Ball last night! Thanks to all who came out to Tipitina's! And to Papa Mali for having us!
#ThingsIDislike Wack rappers that think they go hard! Better yet, wack rappers that think they're better than me!
All art is a kind of confession, more or less oblique.
Ginny Weasley! Did you see the part "19 years later" at the end of Deathly Hallows Part 2? :)
I have a bunch of ideas for and
Truer words have never been spoken bro ;)
Let us know if we can help.
well that sucks :s
The human mind must believe in something, so why not let it believe what it does believe.
": #HowToGetRejected? Say "I totally hate Harry Potter" in front of me."
suck it manchester united!!
Thanks for the #FF love, why you gotta be so nice all the time? ;)
I miss my ex
Very excited to share that is officially a 45th Parallel client! Look for Fall 2012 novel MAVERICK JETPANTS by Bill Peters
Wow!! I guess keeps his pimp hand Strong!
Only 5 % of Americans get 30 mins of exercise a day during the week, according to Don't let that be you! Stay active & move!
Haven't updated our design portfolio in over 6 months and that's only because we're so busy working on all these orders!
As a non comic book fan sitting in the first row I can tell you that The Avengers is a pretty good movie.
im like dying to find those shirts to. because those you cant really make yourself...
So i heard Austra at a bar and felt like i had to tweet about it.
I just bought Mac n cheese on sale at the store and thought of you too : )
Everything that has happened whether devastating or joyful, I need to embrace it all!" #ViolaDavis -- Oprah ()
d'ohkay, Chair Martin! RT DFL Chair Martin: GOP holding #Vikings stadium "hostage"; calls for immediate vote.
Is it hard to find the right guy these days...GOSH
Movers just came and took all my stuff. Officially adopting a "hobo" lifestyle.
George Alan Brockelman - Siskiyou Daily News
Whenever I see I think of Welch's grape juice.
I'm a twit? LOL
im feelin sick !
The g in gif is pronounced like the g in giraffe, making it sound like jiff, not gift without a t
I feel for you, moving sucks. are Stayin' in town?
YES! Use it every single day. It works - you'll have people looking embarrassed & walking away - and not bothering you :)
Awesome that is so true :)
Great stuff, thanks for the link.
Got that run in with
I love your passion.
- thanks, Jim!
How do you address a monster? Very politely.
I love when my whole fam goes out to eat & it's like I'm not even there... #smh im def not the favorite child..
Smile it makes people wonder what you are up to. :)
If you start dragging, you should eat an apple. They boost energy.
. M&Ms aren't really worth the effort to eat them, but when they're right in front of you. Here, you want some Teaberry gum?
thanks for the follow!!
I cannot accept that The Universe put us on this earth to be ordinary. We have a purpose to be here.
great! Conversations can happen anywhere. Incredible power
this song....(shakes head) awesome....
Running along the coast of Santa Monica today. I think I'm going to make that a habit. So damn refreshing!
Just as soon as someone buys us 4 first class tickets and a penthouse suite at Hotel Disney. =D
nigga ya momma should have spit you in the backseat
I hear Team E-Hock/Stoner will be fierce. MT Less than 2 hours until the BR ping pong at ! Any bets on winners?
I took a 3 hour nap this afternoon... Totally know how you feel
10/19 Wed - our alum Andrew Gutauskas & his Quintet w/Tatum Greenblatt, Kris Bowers ,Josh Paris, Austin Walker
all you elitists are giving us douchebags a bad name
Gentlemen get taken advantage of. Thats why most niggas dont want to be one
Me & my bestfriend argue over stupid shit -.-
I just turned on the tv and the Bill Cunningham show was on...I thought it was an SNL skit at first...this can't be real
FBCD... Rumors say news will come very soon!!!
Had such a good day today 😍
It ain't nothing but a G' Thang Bayyybee .
Thursday feels like wednesday...
have you ever thought about singing at your church? everyone would love that!(:
It's beautiful! Hallelujah! (also, one for the office)
I recommend it for sure - he really works to get things right - :)
....passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain? - Kahlil Gibran
Love the Italy episodes but, can't wait to see the crew back in Jersey! RT : How did everyone like the episode?
omg blonde u and tht number!! And yes ur always hyper!! Wanna see the dress I wore yesterday for Easter?
"hey girl, how you doing? My name is Charlie, last name Wilson. & I was wondering if I can take you out, show you a good time"
Wishing everyone a happy and relaxing President's Day!
#BieberOnTheVoice just turned me on . tmi ? who cares , I will always love Justin 
RT FOR A FOLLOWBACK. [must be following me]
our family dog ate a tube of super glue once. amazingly he was unscathed.
And we spent what little money we had on winter green Skoal and main street gas ......
it's obviously justin bieber.
haha and you are the biggest son of a Browns fan that I know of
Prepare to be absolutely gutted. In the best possible way. LOVE. THEM. SO. MUCH.
CRJ is on top in USA itunes CHARTS. :D Congrats
After 4 months, I finally figured out what the revolving door says
A have to admit.. a waterskiing POTUS wud b pretty cool
Trying to figure out if they think cops throw teddy bears at violent suspects while they're in pursuit.
sure I'll follow :)
here, hackinqq Kelly's twitter.! smhh he forqot to loqq out.! #Slowness :D
just wait. I got an 8 minute joint on the next one
Tomorrow @ 5 outside Valhalla come join us for the Fall Picnic/Octoberfest party! Free food, drinks, and beer steins!
Enjoy the game today be sure to say hi to Gio on the field.
oh my ... Pink. That was amazing.
lol yea you would guy
congratulations on your decision to be a Buckeye. Looking forward to seeing you in the bus!
bullcrap! tshirt not worth the hassel of your surveys!!
Just finished creating a series of 15 sites for a Washington law firm, most of them are already coming up for highly competitive words, fun!
Long day ahead: first job, second job, meeting, rehearsal. Total time: roughly 13 hours.
RT : The optimal blogging frequency is when you have something awesome to post. Respect your readers.
say hi to Lee, Mali and everybody else :)
thank you for your discretion in this matter. For now.
No matter how much we wish to impede our progress, we cannot. We are either doomed to repeat it or we create forward.
Thanks <3 Yes the corona was hysterical!
Fie. I personally like your untamed look ;)
ditto(meaning the same to you) is in reply to you blessing all of your followers and telling them
Spanish is a waste of time now...
Happy birthday Justin bieber <3
Halftime in Milwaukee #MISLplayoffs tied at 5-5 with and
Hey friends, I'm camping for the 1st time. Pics for those interested on Instagram. My username is TeemareeDotCom. <3
"the slot currenly available will be filled by a very angry, middle-aged white guy." So did you send your resume yet?
Much to my boyfriend's dismay, I have finally started following my celeb crush on Twitter. Holla,
Can't breathe, tired as hell, & stomach hurts, this day cannot go well.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO !! Yo, I thought you had leaness still, Im looking like a dickheadd looking for you.
Who knew each of my oven doors had three pieces of glass
: Not sure I'll bother with the last one, certainly not if the 2nd one doesn't pick up.
Or using it once and then never opening the app again, as many of us iPhone people have done. :]
Lets go in the scooby doo mystery machine!
My moustache has a moustache. Finally starting a new show in honor of the stache.
Got stung by a wasp on my pinky finger while cutting grass about 90 minutes ago. Forgot how painful they are. Holy cow! Still hurts!
you never made my fan sign lie face :p
can the mayor perposly hold back the will of the council?
coffee, morning light, and the last official day of our hmoon. to goodwill we go! many treasures to find! i'm a happy samper.
When he argued it is where I meant it.
That pisses me off man I'm too angry right now fudge
hey, can you follow me? (:
It was a pleasure! = GREAT org RT Invested afternoon w/ Impacts Research crew, my brain hurts... in a wonderful way
all i can do is pace around the room, watch the game and glance occasionally at the computer screen
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, "where mother is." ~Keith L. Brooks
Occupied Oakland's May Daze - truthout
Strobing light & rumbling sound woke me up. I was convinced that a UFO is waiting to take me home outside. Then I realized it was lighting.
Hell yeah ♥.♥
Sometimes I still laugh to myself in my nook about the whole bra strap incident and tripping and breaking my shoes.
Old obese guys in tank tops with more hair growing from they're arms and back (Welcome to NJ) think I'm gonna be sick!!
oh shit, well I better catch up to you!
why r u saying that u miss ezira ??? :O
Congrats on the TV show! We need your voice to reach a broader demograhic!
a bro stood in front of the ATM like he was at a urinal. i found it hysterical & wanted to take a picture, but i figured that'd be creepy.
Not sure I want to resort to follicle sacrifice.
awesome - we love QGIS here too. Great for working with really large files and then publishing through GeoCommons. thx for feedback
Gotta love Eddie O giving the shout out to the Saints
Denverites! Judy Hale presenting WED. on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Which ones benefit you? www.ISPI-FRC.org
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it.
#BecauseofObama, America is weaker and poorer.
I slept a lot 👌
Iced Coffee: If it ain't cold-brew, it's heresy.
WHOA. Looks like someone had a tantrum with finger paint.
#Happymothersday! I love you :D
Well, if You do little bit of math You will see why :)
thank you for the sweet mention + for being amazing!! :) happy vday! xo
Humble Me Clothing is headed to the Rio to show our support for the two most Humble poker players. Darvin Moon and Phil Ivey!!!!!!
#dearnetflix: I receive a disk that only plays the previews as you roll out plan pushing streaming? Accident or not, subscription cancelled.
same!! I can't believe I am saying this but I like Abby better. I think that kimmy and lucas are cute though:)
Hey cann u follow me plz:)))) thanks♥
YOU ARE THE BEST PERIOD****
“: Garage Sale Saturday. Saying goodbye to things I never thought possible... - such as...
Otherwise useless
Wait. They DID answer you a few minutes ago. So.... someone's on his phone....!!!
#igotmyearspiercedwhen I was 6 months old.
Anyone can do it! Email Thanks!
why in the world would the #orioles offer millwood, there is someone else who can eat innings and lose games....
Free member ticket reservation for Wednesday's game vs. Portland starts at noon today! JoinSporting.com
In a few minutes she had ascended out of that clear field, in among thepiled mountains of cloud
Last night with my fam. Heading back to Denver tomorrow. My gosh imma miss them. :(
Neither do i
your skills as a ninja are mighty. That trash didn't stand a chance. You are ready for the next step in your training.
No,not you;) MF
Of all the hardware I have to troubleshoot on a daily basis, printers are by far the most insidious
Calling all ACTORS - looking for EXTRAS for a December shoot in NY. Non Union picture, send headshots/resumes to
Not the first or last RT : Well.. RT : Donna Frye today on VOSD Radio called a "political sociopath."
word ? Aite I'm leaving for SoCAL for the summer like june 12 I think so hopefully I can link up with Andrew in SD too.
Its always good to have some one you can really relate too.
I know that they say happiness is a warm gun but sorrow is a cold, jagged blade
I miss u too Ginger..... lol
my geometry teacher showed me this the other day :D
what's the crop factor on that cam?
but their shareholders are happy :D
we're happy to have you! Buffalo Twister...YUM.
I kept trying to find more hidden bonuses today Taryn but I didn't have any luck! :( Hopefully I'll do better tomorrow! :-)
#Manning says "better chance of winning championship if he joined Lady Vols basketball team" #titanscantmakeplayoffs LOL
Can't wait to hit 12,000 tweets because odd numbers make me feel uncomfortable
^_^ your posts get me all excited and motivated. I love seeing someone so talented this enthusiastic about her work. THANK YOU
"'chosen ones' despise gentile" That's the kicker - The Goyum ARE Israel, the lost tribes of Israel. White Nations are Israel
YES! YOU MADE IT! NOW ONLY TWO WEEKS UNTIL YOU WIN #idol !!!
Awesome! I'll have to catch the Colo Spgs showing!
datpiff. Go grab
"Vision without execution is hallucination.” #quote Thomas Edison
What do you think?!? Delicious!
Studies show that when wearing yoga pants, you are 68% more likely to be asked "do you got a man?"
looking for trouble in Arlington & you didn't call me. I'm hurt, Tommy. ;-)
"Nothing lasts forever, not even your troubles, A. Glasow
Another tough "decision" for Terrence today...RT Should I buy a cork pop gun or do some sand art?
Mgmt sampled by
Old School Cena.....that was dope lol...
ya so we will fit but you will not get to have 3 seats to lay on type thing like I usually do, like a bed lol
"I look like Steve Jobs in this outfit"
"Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience."
Beware #rabiddogs who suddenly become #friendly.NEVER be fooled.#Ursula taught me well.And my #fight is
same here, its irritating.
Will you please follow me i would be so happy and if vinny could too thanks(;
Gay boys are fucking shady! Can I get an amen!!!!
"Zed's dead baby. Zed's dead."
"Welcome to college. Gaining weight and losing confidence in your future" she kills me
Glad you're enjoying the shirt! Your our kinda customer!
Mhm yeah I know you did.
I've tricked a few people into staring at them to see if they move.
Thanks! I hiked for 4 days on the Inca Trail and spent one afternoon at Machu Picchu.
I'm going to miss Hillcrest, but I think I can get used to OB and my ocean view :)
Hey, go Nora! "Go for goal!" (a shout-out to a soccer video from the '70s that I watched as a lad)
Goodnight, back up at 7am
Wow #Braun crushed it.
I would love to call in!
the guru!
Yes, but I never answer his calls. It's like you take the everyday awkward & combine it with phone awkward and its just TOO MUCH.
Good one! As always. :) Hope to see u sometime in SD - just moved here (point loma)
I bet it's intense when ya live in tents
#SometimesIwonder what I'd be doing if I still lived in Oklahoma.
All I want is a woman who's gonna put in as much as I am
Check out the lowered prices on our wooden racks!! You'll love & just in time for Christmas!
thanks bro , I'm just recovering
I can't lie me and the girls looking real fly today! Get fly or go home. Home is never an option though lol
form emails that get my name wrong in the greeting
Just got done talkin to these pigs but got no justice,That's why it's fucc everybody who fuccs with the law
you rock, thanks in advance for the recording
Hahaha. I'm sure it's going to turn out well.
Your trip to Haiti was so moving.Have a friend that spent several years there building playgrounds so this episode was special.
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... the dollar store is selling your favorite candy at three for a dollar.
Picking my classes for next year.. I think!
(which of course, is preceded by filet mignon, crab, and shrimp)
I saw THE TENEMENT PLAYS by Charles Messina last night - MOST FUN I've had seeing #NYCtheater EVER! :D
new kindle in hand = happy sarah
...and David Nelson went to the Saltbox at the Hotel Palomar. Delicious!
Looking for the species that host the most other multicellular species. One army ant hosts 500 species, any better records?
that sounds like that will be hilarious #can'twait
thank you for your beautiful crystals, gems and healing! I cant wait to learn more and grateful for Staregazers!
oh what do yah know, new moon!!!
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him."
Ah. I wish they let us sing the Star Spangled Banner here...but that will never happen OTL
Despite what's shown on tv, black men take care of their families and we care about our child's education.
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them.
Of course! We'd need to work out just what the relationship would offer -- but sounds great.
I think bf and cod are completely different...both good in different ways...
HAPPY FOUNDERS DAY TO ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY INC.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind; people throw rocks at things that shine. ;*
that will be a challenge :). Good luck!!
Just got a free meal at chipotle because I eat here all the time. Score !!!!
I have to to agree with you there. May be times are getting hard in washington !!!!!!
I'd love too. Maybe he will let us co host the Crab Feast?
These stores make me imagine humans plugging in like electric cars...Very interesting aesthetic
That's what I consider true generosity. You give your all, and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
Is it about to rain☂☁☂
Start your weekend off right, Join us here at
RT : I hate you but I love my life :-
I'm ready for sunday
Working on setting up some shows in brooklyn and long island, all the nyers better stand up!
LOL, I hope it's not the same person. Duck lips, 6" wedge heels and a box of coffees sounds like a lot to deal with :)
Everyone have a great weekend
CHRIS.... That made me sad! Haha good thing it was just a prank!
Thanks for retweeting and your note. I expect some nasty grams attacking a sacred belief. But they're just in denial, right?
#FaceTheNation was excellent last Sunday. Bob u did good. Definite hero!
when are you going back on your? And will you please come to North Carilina?
why of course i did. bout to post pics now actually
We should all run over and pester at the library while she's trying to read. Hey, she's the one who checked in, right?
i've only made 24 tweets total since december 2007. perhaps it's time.
SD County #ClimateChange Plan backslides on GHGs after 2020. Telling Planning Commission Friday at 9am (5201 Ruffin rd) to make it better.
Working with a Sporting Clays Shooter today - heading to the Dallas Gun Club to put the training into practice. Great Day!
get better soon!
This week Young Learners started learning abt Outer Space/Our Earth! What are your favorite #space twitter accounts to follow?
We're "bestfriends" cus you got a girl but when you're with me, you act like your single lmao.
Hmmph! Rain, rain, rain, and now tomorrow again! (Rhymes!) Well, the flag's out: I'm shakin' cocktails and pouring wine if anybody shows up.
Happy three day weekend, twittering friends.
Whitney ....so incredibly sad. Your voice will go on forever.
Cyber Monday/Black Friday sale! Use code blackfriday10 & get 10% off; buy 2+ items & get 5% more back! www.bethanyrosedesigns.etsy.com
Didn't realize till I saw other flogging Molly fans that I left the house in a green tee and an orange and white hoodie...uh, Erin go bragh?
Really like portman's dress
analogy received and understood. 'Twas a wondrous appearance from Levar Burton!
ha! Good to know.
Dan: "The Dr. says my blood pressure is fantistic for a man my age" www. www.quickgymcs.colm
At work ready for it to be over!!!
They got sum colds ass movies comming out batman gi Joe expendables I m gonna c all that shit
Del Negro is gonna git McMillian'd by his team - don't u think D'Antoni would be a perfect fit for Lob City?
I high-five myself all the time because I'm that awesome. RT": liking your own status is like high fiving yourself in public"
Hey Indy Fans, I want to thank you all for your support and very interesting questions. I will try to answer all of the most interesting one
Too much $$$ to make stupid mistakes RT : Rookie MLB umps earn roughly $120,000, and senior umps can earn upwards of $350,000.
Does your dog have a phobia? What is the weirdest thing that scares your pup? We wanna hear about it! Maybe you even have a pic...
Work with Faucha is like work with SpongeBob. Work with her, but only if you can handle 6 hours of straight laughter.
the jet was originally in Nashville before it picked up Manning
is out in the snow! Can't complain about this Chicago winter :)
I don't care how comfortable your crocs are. You look like a dumbass.
"Listen to you. So young, so unhip."
Nothing happens! Sandess everywhere :(
That awkward moment when a band member catches you staring at them and stares right back at you....
S/O stay up fam.
i figured u wanted to b cap merics
My bf asked me what would I do if he got high I told him I'd dump him , Then I asked what would he do, he said the same. i love this , <33
MT : We're taking #musesocial coast to coast on April 13 - coming to you live from DC and San Diego. Stay tuned!
i can't wait to just chill in my swim suit
But, you're still one step ahead of me. lol
def worth trying and testing out, esp if you want to share dt and mobile or with teams.
- Thank you! that was such a thoughtful birthday gift! You are the bestest. Send your atrophy questions my way.... ;->
TGIF! I hope everyone has some fun activities planned for the weekend! :)
Listening to the Avengers soundtrack. Man, I miss when superheroes had instantly identifiable themes that everyone knew. Like Superman.
what's good my g
To keep a healthy relationshit, tell your gf she looks very beautiful today even if she looks the same from yesterday
percy jackson and the olympians love it.....cant help myself
change that picture, please
God Will Make A Way
Bump that :-)
I can't stand rude people
Me(: lol y
is honored to be part of
Football game with #amy ❕
#Thatawkwardmoment when you realize it was just a dream
There’s a new franchise star in Denver and it's only fitting that the greatest Bronco of them all is the reason why.
okay i'll text her and tell her
Its always the best as bitches who do the most talking lol wtf
Many congratulations to Jack McCartan and the Pittsburgh Technical Institute for receiving the Unsung Hero Award yesterday.
Vegas observation #5: Ocean's 11, 12, and 13 have all been on tv at some point since I arrived. Coincidence? Me thinks not.
No one in this world knows me the way you know me
love it when my dad cooks
#SpotOnAnalysis RT My wife, walking by the TV and seeing the score: "Idiots." BK
Or you could ignore me, that's cool too.
I love the rain!
burn that shit
Good friends and no boys- makes for a good night:) Too good for all of em!
he asked me what my favorite swear word is. i paused, taken aback for a moment, then answered, "driiiimps."
Smells like someone hot-boxed the blue line. Apparently I wasn't invited to the party.
Why do we participate in #DrugFreeCommunities? So we can Save Lives!
Vimeo theater (exhibit 2) in convention center. Seth MacFarlane. You?
Yolo RT My wife just told me one of her friends is buying a Shetland Pony and a mule.
ALL ABOARD THE JK MICHAEL CW STUDIOS ATL TRAIN LEAVING THE STATION. LOVING IT RIGHT NOW
40 men with ice in their veins head to the locker room. Nice line by #msg2 guys. Can't beat game #7 playoff hockey #
play it as it slays
"Our love story isn't like the movies... It's better."
thank goodness
#kids Original Tommy's Chili Revealed: Original Tommy's Chili Revealed from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:00 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012...
Having a beer at the bar. I need it after the week I've had.
i missed it. when are you playing it again?
The Beatles are the tits and yeah dude Its gonna be awesome to be chillen with my family down at
why is everybody celebrating Doc Brown's kids?! when we should be celebrating John Mclaine's birthday!!! yay!!!
Cheers to the freakin weekend.
Thank you so much for the tweet about my "Starlight" necklace! :-)
We'll be taking audience questions for "The Wire" cast discussion. Post your Q's with
MYTH BUSTER: WA State has no limit on authorization expiration dates, that limit is set by your authorizing healthcare provider.
man am i the only person who is NOT in a shit mood today?!? HAPPY PEOPLE STAND UP!
does this link to a report about this? If so I'm eager to read.
Can't wait to show our film at #CPAC on Sat.! > I Want Your Money
I heard sounds coming out of a bathroom stall today that will cause me to sleep with the lights on for the next week.
How do i get you alone
Eating with mouth open = Seriously my Pet Peeve No. 1
iPhone 5 is almost here and I'm so damn excited! Please please let me get it!!!!!!!!!
retaking my physics math tomorrow. i need to take this seriously now...
any plans to this summer? You have really good tweets.
#whatnottowear southpole ,. not much people wear it .
That is focused dedication. Very attractive! Focus and drive - much bueno! Coming to Denver? Don't I wish. One day soon.
I need talk to you before I go down to South America. I really want to check out chile and Argentina after I volunteer in Peru
I figure I'm about 2 years away from a C-USA invite, maybe 4 at the maximum.
I am willing to host Wrestlemania, cook steaks and have a fridge full of beer and booze. Fyi
What #oomfs said <<<<<<< lmfaooooooo. I hope that was part of a song :/ lmfaoo
Oops. I focused on the wrong part of this question. I wish I knew how to get more $ for the bottom of the pay scale.
Had my first taste of scuba diving last night. In. Love.
Just ordered my new action book thanks to
give us an answer,
thank you!(:
the only thing that comes to mind is van halens album 5150 w/ sammy hagar.
that was the song playing too....
Can you direct message me your contact info? I can get you all the info a lot easier that way!
im MOVING on and it feel good
I do not understand twitter. It confuses me.
What show? Us and Body Count???????
That's right Pacers, make them work for it!
(LIVE) "Passion m/b invited, nurtured & amplified" super action items, challenge c/b how .. ? key role of leadership?
Sensuality, especially touch and smell are so ripe right now for me in my life. I could really relate. Thank you.
Early Hesiman Candidates by tonight...
lost 2 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 49 pounds so far.
FUCK IT~ I'm gonna go buy chickfila!
We're doing on Friday, June 24th. Fans of early Oasis, War-era U2 and The Killers will dig. Thinking big with this one!
Happy Last Day of 2011!
Oh today was busy busy busy. But all is great!!!
My mom just said something that I NEVER thought she would say: How about we move to New York? -- Are you serious??
yes please. JoAn and I are going knitting next week - are you into knitting?
Anger, frustration and despair aren't hate. I think some are calling things hate that aren't.
When your significant other is out fighting a fucking war for us you're cheating on him behind his back.. you deserve all the hate you get.
About to watch
I'm sorry, Jen.
classic Frank. Ask him how long he's been waiting to use or how many times he's already used.
bunnies are cute, so no its not weird haha
Blessed monday morning mi good frens hope all is well with everyone today Jah is luv...
That's what I thought too.
well i think u sshould get back on it my nigga miss ya kandyce! A lil lol jk
Doctors call out Dr. Dukan & his radical diet as a "public health risk". No kidding.
I sense two birds getting killed soon with one stone.
that one is definitely on the list!
LMAOOOOO! I LAUGHED OUT LOUD FR
he had to tape some packages for Fox, he'll be back tomorrow
TGIF!! like if you think we should make a video update of the latest of W$R
The freakier, the more inspiring is what Neil would always say. Actually, I have no such knowledge.
omg yes it is I had one done the other day extremely uncomfortable
The Allstars Tour on August 24 at the House Of Blues in Houston, Texas!!!!
It is important to get close parking at the gym so as to not be tired on arrival to work out!
It's people!!! Bob Evans' Biscuit Bowl is people!!!!
No seriously... She's awesome... You're gonna hate her - JW
I Love My Bestfriend.
well Idc I just want to die. No one knows how I feel ns no one knows who I really am
concert for free with my girls <3
LIKE ^ this page an have a chance to win 250$ tattoo time.. It's that easy.
haha have to sync up today on some deliverables, I'll get it. Calls all day; all sales final as of 5/8
The Bay Area Princess
Show 's own Kenyon Neuman all the best as he heads to Houston for the 2012 Olympic Trials!!!! Get 'em !!!!
4.0 GRAMS IN A BLUNT WITH BLACK IM FUCKED UP
Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
haha I know!
People's religious beliefs shouldn't apply to all. If people think it is wrong then their god will judge them accordingly
East Coast Residents: As a media professional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
wee. Apparently Tuesday has turned into Laundry Day here. Which is okay. never any competition in the laundry room.
I hate when things are so unfair!
Thanks for the rt. It's a great film!
Thank you. RT: “: i just listened to crush me, hey there delilah cover and you belong with me cover. AMAZING!!♥”
Needa QUIT TEXTING ME :/ UGH .
thanks for the RT!
Caught in the waves of hesitation, lost in the sea of my own doubt, endlessly 💗
christmas time is here ;)
please shoot me a pix of you in the jumper...so I can see my handy work..lol
Thanks for following!
Having a High Life. Can't 'member the last time I drank a High Life. Not sure I'd say it's the champagne of beers, but it's damn refreshing.
This is why I live and breath, to do my best to stop tragedies like these from happening. God bless the children & their families.
Mac Pro just experienced a kernel panic while streaming JODI's My Desktop OS X 10.4.7. INTENSE.
Flag count b/w El Salvador and Honduras is dead even. Tempting aromas from parking lot grillin'. God vibes at today.
For a good part of this season I thought we were going to make it this year. SU makes one Final Four per decade. We're due.
I'm like Captain America, except I'm not white.
Why aren't all pres candidates supporting youth promise act intro by Cong Bobby Scott? Do they care about America's future?
what was wrong with your account?
is now hiring a full-time Event Coordinator. Email to apply. (Job description posted on LinkedIn)
Nerds unite! Watching
Yall want a lyrical 2 minutes ?
I do believe Rush has run out of people to hate so he know picks on younger women. Gets his joules this way.sicko
☼ No degree of dullness can safeguard a work against the determination of critics to find it fascinating. Harold Rosenberg
How's having time off? Boston would love to hear what you do in your free time. Follow back!
I miss Nonno :(
“: There's a town in France named "Anus."” LOLOLOL
I hope it's horrible so I can say "it's trash"
thank you :)
still curious about what "laser show" our school's offering us on wednesday ..#curiosity prevails me
Thanks! -->RT : GM about to hit FB. Have a great day!
Hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng. That VOICE. Okay.
If I get one good game this week then I'll drop him.
Surrounded by shitty people
Best clutch player...Anthony Epps. The 3 he hit to send the '97 Title Game to OT was definitely clutch! Always made big shots!
Yeah, I was messing around with post commit hooks and forgot to turn it off. If I tweeted everything I did, people would hate me.
RT : smelled like teen spirit tonight
We got these tacos tho lol! Hope dumb dumb didn't do nothing to em!
Thanks & sorry lol
only effective if activate heavily around it in-city. Nice opp to make a meaningful connection (ie ups-nyc marathon)
Did you remember to go to the milwaukee holiday parade today?
. Terry Nelson, who was a federal agent for over 30 years and is on the board of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition.
I have some cold Tecates??? :)
Love. Pure, simple.
Huh, these socks are brown.
They need to work in sync. G+ has quality but it may not be the right audience where Facebook or Twitter may be better
Just looked at average weather for #btv, much warmer than here. Now I'm really stoked for #immvt !
lol only you would put this on twitter lol
I'll keep you updated the next couple days
New York Judge Rules Mah Jong a Game of Skill: Could Help Internet Poker Cause! Whatever works!!!
Soci. networking is a means to bring global resources to those youth, while keeping power in bmore...global focus local power
"If you can't spot the fish in the first 30 min at a card table, it's you." Matt Damon, Rounders.
i mean my profile click on the soundcloud with gucci mane link rainman its a strip klub song and let me knw
Omg I just got a PA job! :D
Cared for feet will carry you far. Soaking feet in warm salt water draws out toxins present due to gravity and nerve endings land in feet.
despite your ennui, you receive an A+
The plot in you is killing it right now...
LOVEBANGS Do you vote, if so write Harold Miller on your ballet for mayor of San Francisco this November haroldmiller4mayor.com 415-841-0840
Watching a replay of the second half while sitting rupp.
good to know! Thx!
you may know this already but it *is* geena's voice- they dubbed hers and kits in elderly lady scenes
#MaximumBeadle This show should be called MaximumColin!!!!!
#libchat Q3 not so much a stamp of approval, but a way to work on a project and get started w/ committees
FF# , , , , tweeps are a complete mis-mash of awesome info..
That moment when I let my inner fangirl shine through and people think I'm super weird. Dedication. I'm super dedicated.
thanks for supportin what we do.
Psssst. Let me tell you a secret. I'm not teaching anymore.
#erl good use of process mapping at OSU for delineating overall tasks of performed for various purchasing streams.
Kelly is sending me the FBR summer sampler, reason 500 I love her.
Amen. God is my rock and I only know that now because I did get whirled away in a storm.
Check out #CrossFadeEntertainment at www.CrossFadeEnt.com ASBMG Apparel Coming soon to this the Store of this site
Why am i awake
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn't being caught by your teachers, its being caught by your friends.
"Audiences like their blues singers to be miserable." Janis Joplin And ain't that what makes it happen?
Holly says: "Fire up chips!"
RT : Don't think #filmmakers could ever really be anti-film.Like being an airplane pilot and anti-Wright brothers
- for now, yes, looking into Asia and other Countries very soon as well
hhahah btw the girls are singing to beast right now
Dr. Elizabeth king speaking about holistic health
Don't wanna go to school ...
#Houston's Black Lab #Theatre needs your help, to reach 500 followers by Friday, the premier of #FarragutNorth. We are 178 short. Please RT
Everybody on my timeline talking about they can't sleep
Green Sleeve Ads, Coffee Sleeve Advertising now available in DTLA.
Hey Don! Thanks for the following. Have a great day
Time to get the AM workout. My goal is to get a PM workout in as well. Make yourself a couple of goals today!!!
“: Theres so many seniors at eastwood that i didnt know existed” people*
lmao why yu in court ne way
I need to pay more attention to my
You bet.
Promise we wont! We will tell you if it would work on us though (the 3 ladies who run )
We appreciate you, Matt! RT 70s in the valleys, 60s on the Coast today and beyond. yay.
So it's one of those days where everything needs to be done now
ok lol will do :p
Went to the zoo, mall, target, now chillen by the pool reading the hunger games, going to see titanic in 3D in an hour ;)
True Chicago
m snow day tomorrow :)
At work -___- I want to be my own BOSS one day so I can tell myself what to do and when to do it. :)
The great Buffy Rewatch continues with season 1 episode 10 this morning... Beer, Buffy, then bed.
yeah do that man! I can't wait to start workin on it!
bahh okay so lets talk soon whats ur sched like this week?
Awesomeness RT : At $1,062 with $40 in promises on their way tonight!
Hiccups are finally gone after 46 minutes! I now have a bit of a headache #why?!?
Isn't an obese sheep a woolly mammoth? :P
Everything surrounding me is so peaceful there is not one thing to worry of
getting plenty of PR spots for heart health during long break in
official in love with Irish guys their accents are to die for! I need to go to Irish bars more often
Ugh... Why must the good wifi be by the field filled with things that aggravate my allergies... Damn you U of C
You were just hacked by your boyfriend.<3 Love you beautiful! <3
Let's go falcons lol beat the titans for us in Houston
It's true I don't like soap, but you don't have to rub it in my face!
Really likes Bruno Mars. Great retro look, style and sound.
guess i upset u for asking....
I can still remember when "One Direction" was just an ordinary 2 words for me and now, these 2 words are the reason why im still breathing.♥
Yeah. I know what you mean. I still do the wrong thing when an entire pitcher of something is spilled. Only it usually isn't water.
Seeing a movie this weekend? Tweet us a review and we might print it in Friday's RedEye!
Just reading up on #SAS tips from an alum and found I actually NEED to bring my french press. Score!
Happy Sunday David :)
damn im hungry
Ah, a day off to watch the Browns tomorrow. Please make it bearable, fellas. Hell, a win would be even better.
Pissed! American Airlines once considered my favorite b4 th los luggage, added fee 4 leg rm seats now further insults me by telling me my
Q1) narrating your work so others can discover common interests and expertise
- Thank you more than i can say for your words on DWTS. I'm a disabled adult who's let fear hold me back for so long (cont)
General Douglas MacArthur~ Americans never quit.
I know!
Our pleasure!
OH MY GOD I DO NEED EXTRA CASH HOW DID YOU KNOW?????????????
It's unreal how easily people misconstrue the things people say.
Love it! Witty customers with waterproof ipods
Patiently awaiting the arrival of We've got 'za, some MD, and some Packers football! Awww yeah!
It's officially the Year of the Dragon - let 'er rip! If you are a dragon, remember to wear red every day this year to counter bad stuff ;-)
Thanks, dahling! -smiles-
I've finally come over to the iSide. My iPhone 4s arrives in two weeks. Its been real, blackberry. Cya!
“: Brady Quinn #Iwaswrong” agreed.
Now EssB you know your invites are by default. Nabz, I'll pass on your challenge but you should Probly be afraid.
Yeah, understandable. I know we've discussed this briefly before.
And Enrique ? Lmfao. Jackie this is too funny. Okay I'll stop bothering you.
I'm running on too few hours of sleep and too many milligrams of Adderall.
The intercontinental championship At Survivor Series November 1996
Best twitter app for iPhone/iPad? Still cant decide.anyone have one they love?
i know im super sorry. im gonna make up for it
Say what you mean, mean what you say and learn the art of a High "No". #GO!
See what happens when you are too scared to come & play with cool kids like
im taking a rain check on that smoke smeshh ross.... you are the roast master.....
Wow! 2 nights in a row for the Crew! Great win
I officially have a headache.
Im your real enemy, fuck what ya heard!
What is about to happen will shock them all
I think I already do
Im hot Im bothered and im ready to hit someboy
My Brazilian barber closed up shop and is now working at a Korean salon down the block. Only in New York but also
roflmao Enjoy the Bay!!!
love that shot. the 2002 Battle at Little Creek had similar line.. exciting, way out; of course, ball technology not the same
Our country can't wait for action on jobs and the economy. Fight for the #AJA now OFA.BO/v7LTtc
History in the makin..preview the album on itunes.com keyword immortal brewcity luv....
thanks for coming out.
Yo boy said to tell u wats up to next time i talked to you.
Have a safe & relaxing weekend!
I get that a lot.
Contains no milk? What in the world?
thanks for RT.
RT : Rob from MyWedding.com is in studio with us! Be sure to check out the site
yep, definately. some of their fans are fake and bi-polar
Where and what time is your game? That would be fun.
Real Madrid vs Barcelona tomorrow! Messi > Ronaldo
Lunch, just got pushed by some hungry people . LOL
if i ever make a puckered-lips-kiss-face in a picture, feel free to punch me in the face
Thanks for following!
thinking about snorkeling in Key West this weekend. tips? good deals?
Who wants a shutout
nothing is worse than being attracted to someone for their assets then finding out those assets aren't even real.
Looking for good places to stay in Harrisonburg, VA - anyone have any recommendations?
i'll be there
How would one win a katsu Dinna!!
. I tried the spiral potato with chili & cheese. Tough to beat that!
Too bad they're not here so I can punch them.
i don't even normally like pizza, but i LOVE the mashed potato pizza at Bar!!
ah come on, we've survived 3 years of the dalibama...we could handle newt..
COME TAKE CLASS WITH US TONIGHT AT 7:15 :) RT is it weird that i own tap shoes AND ballet toe shoes...yet, i've never taken
whur u from
scarbrough is full of it. He makes up "fact" as he goes along. HHS must stick to it's guns and protect women like my Mom.
yes I was thinking the same thing....
Monday nights are SO crazy on TV! What did you watch?
brushing my teeth before a show ha ha lol jk I'm going to school gotcha
RT : To celebrate Cinco De Mayo I am going to do my eyeshadow red, white, and green like the paisa girls
RT : In a world where corporations are people and pizza is a vegetable, pepper spray IS just essentially a food product....
Arty around the world
I made it to 11..what the heck time does this end. Good night for real.
dam .. Lol my government tho? Thats how u feel ?
Getting my toes done=good day
Writing new music. <3
that's my Kiemo!
oh well im here for you anytime you need me
Heighten Your Expectations! 2012 is here! Give us a call for all of your staffing needs. Service with a smile. 881-3449
Still sleepy . .
New Thursday #vavavoom come see us tonight!
lol I remember you saying that you weren't uploading them.
Well Lamb has cooled off because Davis and Jones can't be denied the ball. Killin it inside right now.
Memphis B-word? Smh u just too cute girl
Tomorrow - if its not storming. Fly out Sunday morn.
I don't have #time for lazy....
What a disappointment, iPad only offered to at&t users. Apple you made such a big mistake when you chose At&t!
New to South Beach and loving your blogs and posts. Very honest and informative. A must follow for any Miami Beach resident!
. Erm, you mean the campaign tumblr
Love this! Once you realize you have given away your power, you can now make the decision to take it back.
OSU is supposed to monitor everyone who uses the #OSU hashtag? they have to keep all recruits off of twitter?
love that place!!
Congrats to the team for their 1000th tweet!!!!
I'm currently looking at the 350Z NISMO S-tune in
Love this super warn weather. Getting me ready for summer !!
Ministry Thanks for retweet, and indeed may God's blessing rest on you and yours today.
melting vats of shortening makes me happy. time for doughnuts!
Just catching the Celtics game, geez the score shouldn't be this close smh
Dad's watching lifetime over the NBA playoffs
Oregon organ donation
If A Tree Falls: A Story of the Earth Liberation Front (2011): A glimpse into a conspiracy of conscience. 1200 acts, no injuries. 3.27:5
Shouts to FWM the movement
Its against our social media policy!
Why is it that the hottest guys seem to be the most shy?
Saint Patty's Day! Whoop! <3
Treat Yourself Day 2012 will officially start in one hour....to the spa we go!
I'm such a loner.
thanks - you can also build maps directly in GeoCommons
When it seems like follows everyone except you... Worst feeling ever
you better keep your promise
Screwed up my Juki MO-6714S while fiddling around with the differential feed. Can't find any help via google, off to the F-I forum. Sigh.
": And all the bullshit made me strong mother fucker ."
Closet organizing tips: Putting away winter clothes - Newsolio (blog)
Cocaine is a he'll of a drug !
Dear North Carolina, Don't you find it disturbing that the same states that discriminated against blacks are now doing the same to gays?
Well my birthday is next week so my cousin is taking me for a girls day mani pedi and lunch
why cant i be off today. its a nice day to stay in bed.
I'm so mad.... I'm ineligible because the teacher lost my paper... wow.
#Valente, Palimpsest. Lovely mystical intricate fantasy of a city woven of dreams, sex, and loss. It may require multiple readings to absorb
Beautiful day in Milwaukee! What can I get into today!!!!
I wish Eric Cartman from South Park was real, even for a day. It would be hilarious
I hope she's doing better soon.
Cacao has some amazing hot chocolate. And it's just around the corner: dangerously close!
That moment when you realize that you're BLASTING some stupid commercial in your car rather than the last song you had on.
Have you ever lived with people who make less than $10/day? The comparison might seem less meaningless then.
"Know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em. Know when to walk away, know when to run." musings of Kenny Rogers...
you do not need to be on a diet skinny minnie!!!!
there's the root of the issue :P no worries mate I understand... I should do the same just want to get into social gaming again
Romney is out of touch with common people,come on $57,000 a day and he cares about me? Power is what he wants.The price of gas,milk no clue!
jealous! but thanks for the tweets from eltis's talk on transatlan. slave trade, so fascinating.
"3 pillars of personal networks: cloud-based technology, community and capabilities." - Bob Calderoni at
Congrats to Lori from Pleasant Grove, UT for winning a free nuvoh2o salt-less water softener! Lori entered at the Desert News Home Show.
Boys ask for pictures with no clothes Men ask for pictures with no makeup
CHECK OUT EYECANDY FASHIONS TOMORROW AT WESTLAKE HIGH SCHOOL IN WALDORF 7:30 TO 12:00. WE HAVE THE HOTTEST JEWELRY TO MATCH YOUR STYLE!
Chorizo won two sausage races!!! Yes!!! Cinco!!
The Moorings is like the Walking Dead in the morning.
I hate liars. Shit literally makes me sick.
Should have a great turnout at tonight. Still an hour left to show up!!
love the new background pic!
On a daily basis this is what goes through my head: Pizza Hut, Hot Cheetos, hot dogs, pickles, mac&cheese, salami, Dr. P & Hooters hot wings
Is it just me, or does Terry Dodson draw Doctor Strange like a dapper Freddie Mercury?
Thx4 the updates, everyone. Can't watch the game. Is this no linger a Super Bowl caliber Green Bay team???
A Dance With Dragons
Dream lyk this not sumn u wish 4, a dream lyk dis not sumn u ask 4. When it's a gift worth takin a chance 4, then this is sumn u dance 4 :-)
Started new job last month at UW Hospital :-) Pretty much just getting settled in there lately
we launched today! want to shoot us an email and setup a time to speak?
No aisle seats on New Zealand Air to London.
Great time with our Life Group this evening. Love these guys!
Yea just one!
Read all of 's latest tweets<33 They are amazing(: Like him!!
We can't afford to lose so much amazing talent. People step up!
#ThingsThatMakeMeSmile when sees this tweet and goes imma RT this chick and Follow her(; <3
My kitten just fell asleep under my leg... Now I'm scared to move that I'll squish her!!
The purpose of a relationship isn't for someone else to complete you; its to have someone who loves & supports you while God completes you.
JUST WANNA SAY I HATE HIM !.
Im actually hitin' Miami after this "Yukmouth" concert!!
That face you make when you think you're about to sneeze .... and then don't.
Little Debbie has risen. We're watching #Titanic together. It's like #Bestie time or something.
I love school all of a sudden or just the people at school!!! :)
Completing my paper for #school, now to proofread and submit! #LOAD #OFF my
obvi. Find me when you get there!
You know that Prescott Bush tried to pull off a Fascist Coup during WWII, right? and then his grandson succeeded 10 yrs ago.
I'm here for the furniture market! Do you live here?
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "ALOHA" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
Ha! You caught me off guard. RT : For once that was a sarcasm, innuendo free tweet. I know, hard to believe
good night people i'm back again
I wanna see The Cabin in the Woods and Lockout! They both come out on the same day!
I didn't know it was due tomorrow so your not the only one
Are you sure I'm better suited for it than you? ;)
We unintentionally stimulate envy.. my apologies! lol
Heather Allen: "A multiliteracies approach views writing not as a secondary modality, a support for speaking, but as significant in itself."
"It's so hot, I'm sitting here in my boxers". Stop stop stop stop, I'm twelve.
I think when you're home you should just tweet about your life in third person.
The second I woke up I picked up my iPod nd started to listen to Cody Simpson hahah still am :D
I'M GOING TO SHIT MY FUCKING PANTS
Welcoming Crown Prince of Bahrain....he's wondering who the man in the court jester costume is outside...assured him it's def NOT Boehner
Hope everyone has a GREAT weekend! I'll be spending some time in my art room, I love cutting glass lol ;)
I hope i dont get boring when i become a mon
Show tonight at the white rabbit Jan stage! Alot of great bands! We go on at 9:30! Be there and get down in the pit! ;D
I don't care about rumors they don't hurt me because I'm stronger than them
People of all ages are at the REV Your Engines concert. Organizers say they tried to get bands of different eras to attract diverse crowd
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know I have no problem admitting my wrongs or my mistakes. I own up to my shit no matter how bad it stinks
ill put you out your misery moda fucca hahaha
ive had 4 accounts over the past year and havent got noticed by once :\
let us know how the party smart works.
“ RT if you are a mother”
Back To School.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining
I hope the Rangers' marketing team doesn't come after me for this, but #Caps fans, my word of advice: "Believe."
Meeting on #dullesrail completed. More coming on wtop
Yep you can do it!
OMG WHEN HE COMES HER 4 TOUR IM GOING TO KIDNAP HIM AND THEN I WILL TELL U 4 WE CAN RAPE HIM ;)
#NFLDraft today. If you're not pumped, idk what's wrong with you...unless you're Canadian.
i love you ! <3
Received a spam "reminder" purportedly from subject 'LinkedIn private message.' Looks like legit 2010 emails. advise not to click
Not a million fights could make me hate you.
Would you say that its en fuego? Brooklyn's on fire? RT: : Brooklyn, yer killin it today!
Tuesday. Killer Cool Entertainment/ Visions/ Breathtaker/ Caylee's Killer/ Ascensions
oh haha yea sure thing :p lol
I support this! It's Mint Julep Week at Eatonville! Enjoy $5 Mint Juleps now through this weekend. #happyhour 2night?
RT if your glad Austin is finally doing an #AUSTREAM!
did Bowe say c-ment or c-men ??
hey there!! You came in my mail today:))) lol super cute ad:)
- Yes we agree!
Wendy's should sponsor my mom's cooking ability
It was today. We missed it, sadly. Need my fix. How was lunch ?
FINALLY, #JessicaSimpson had her baby. Girlfriend looked like she was gong to pop from week 8. We were all thinking it.
Lol I already know.
shoutout to los angeles pleasee ?!?! :D
Adios Seattle...gone for now, but I will be back to visit. On the way to the airport now to get back to the ATL
STAY TUNED: DUBSTEP VIDEO MIX COMING SOON
my friend does that to me im like who where and theni see the perso thr tlking about nd thenim ike yeah right!!!
Thank you! How sweet!
Good morning, how is Seth doing today?
is stoked for tomorrow's Environmental Film Festival Launch Party. Come out and support!
Loved the idea but missed the mark. Pretty but illusion lace placement flattened her chest.
Spam Texts: 4.5 Billion Messages a Year and Counting [VIDEO]
I got your request. Thank you. I like your photo. You look very nice. Your kids look great. I feel like i know you now.
Playing tonight at the biltmore w/ James Torme, Ryan Cross, Dan Schnelle. Sat. @ casa del mar w/ Laura Mace, Johnny Flaugher, James Gadson!!
do i know you
lol chemistry is so slow :(
Shout out to my man , who is gonna be working late editing this gamer.
Thank you Marilyn! Loved meeting you yesterday--enjoy the rest of the #blogtournyc! Hope to see you at the
later, they are asked to write their name, those who think to look at the nametags always do well
vampires beware; i am shvizting garlic...ps. where is this promised snow storm???
Kids ought to have two bicycles: one to ride and one to rent.~Jim Rohn
I need One Tree Hill back Chica!! Please 😜
I just threw up a little...
you're really pretty. (: and a great singer. ♥
On Fireworks, says he's still trying to make up his mind. Tough decision, one that must be made by midnight
Love claybord. Takes ink beautifully. I've never worked in casein--what draws you to it?
Today is a good day. #positivity + #productivity =
Happy Birthday gorgeous!
Enjoy your weekend! Let's play #guitar and #sing a shastician rhythm! www.shastic.com
FML!!! Junsu, Onew, FT Island & CNBlue just kill me now! I can't take it!
Victory in Aurora! Drug Possession charges completely dismissed against our client - a public school teacher and single mother of two!
is the biggest guy beliebr i know(: i love that about him <3
dinner here soon.
not true, your membership is being questioned at this point
not allowed
RT : My mom, on Hayden: "A dining hall that plays Vivaldi? With locally grown vegetables? College life has perks."
Nice to hear getting some love at making voting easier just makes sense
okay thank you!
#UN gen sec Ban Ki-moon at #CPD2012 : Many #youth are sexual active and they need information and the means to protect themselves.
Headed back to New Orleans to meet up w/the crew for another day at #CTIAw12 - BOOM!
wow. Really?! What a freakin jerk. I should've listened to my cousin...
32 degrees, and i live in Phoenix. This is not cool
Another week of rehabbing my body! So it's back to the dr's, just that much closer to my dream!
Thanks Christopher for the mention! -Rod
To all the mahomies who haven't been noticed, you're time is coming .
Heading out to see the #Avengers! Excited!
Winners! Phillip Tamburello (OliverPeoples Glasses) Bruce Bogart ($50John FlueVog) Nicole Thompson & Matt Blackmore (Brooklyn Industry Tote)
Hey are you still doing Open Mic Mondays ?
Elk you were obliterating the turf that day! Show some mercy on the topsoil- those are lasagna sized divots!
!! Really? RT: So excited to finally reveal my next movie at Pixar: a story set in the world of the holiday Dia de los Muertos.
My Facebook slapping Aaron Robert Howard
Will do!
I don't get it with Howard talking all normal about the dog with poop on her and wiping it around---this doesn't follow.
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
If you're planning on doing some spring cleaning this weekend, make sure you toss out those high calorie dressings! All you need is a Mist!
So excited to be working with this Halloween for our annual Blood Drive!
exactly or like that Pearl Harbor movie with that guy
": #Taurus don't like being rushed."<-Damn right! U better wait or leave me
kind of!?!? We had rules.
Just listened to "the calling", featuring...
Nuh Uh, You Are, && Im Bout To In A Few Punk !
You don't want the Super Bowl to come so soon huh? Haha
There’s photoshop, make up, hair dye & plastic surgery. Too bad there’s nothing for your disgusting personality.
