RT : Whenever in doubt turn to God.
oh I'm working on a checkered wool mod.
...hope it doesn't scare all of you off...
Calvin Klein Showdown: Amanda Seyfried vs. Amber Heard Amber Heard has a knack for wearing look-at-me dresses. Her most recent round of f
Stalker ;p
I am a Texas fan... But Rock Chalk, Jayhawk!
remember when it was your ringtone and went off in football films?
I gt you babes!
are you fucking kidding me? Niall is amazing and beautiful in every way possible and he deserves everything
As would say, you need to lose jobs to create jobs
Congrats to Chris Paul for finally getting out of the first round, though!
"Edge of Glory" Lady GaGa -
When you truly put your heart into something you will be amazed at the results you get!
Making chocolate ganache cupcakes with my mom tonight.
The Office of Targeted Business in Detroit brought new business to our company that means more jobs! We can't let their progress be stopped!
Love the new look of !
: and I thank you so much for the splendid bouquet of spring redolence that just arrived.
Ooh, Rick Santorum is just blocks away from me right now. I thought I felt a disturbance in the force.
hey that was cool thank you !
ALWAYS! we need some quality time to catch up soon. I never see you anymoree :(
damn straight :)
Watching Scott Pilgrim vs. the World with Viggle Sat | 4:45PM | HBO Zone Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Sometimes I'm like, jeez, this fucking sucks. We've got a lot of work to do before next season.
Haha yeah technology makes me sound silly too ;)
I wanted a game 5 anyway, I want to go to that game lol
Absolutely! We have got to have our rest!
I have been saying the same thing today. I have a good feeling about the last few holes...
But seriously, this should happen at some point soon.
Goober is gone :( Goodbye Goober.
Staples center is Kobe house
haha your funny
"Good things take time. Great things happen all at once."
Gravity? :P
Home from a fab time at The Apothecary Theatre Company's fundraiser! You'll always be impressed by these guys. Now follow 'em
Goin' holiday shopping after work. You wouldn't believe how long my list is.
Dr. Schmutte's Auditing 420 final made me want to cry. Lol
Not trying to impress you or anything... but when i was younger, we had 9 planets.
TONIGHT - The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
Cinco de Mayo is the only holiday my Mexican relatives show up for on time.
FOOTBALL SUNDAY! Booze, ball, bikini and beats.....SPANISH FLY DAYLIFE!
Just took a quick walk in Central Park. Beautiful Day!
get them tickets for the house of blues show this friday! only $15! ticket plus cd for only $20!
Gill- "writing has been a way I've survived."
going clubbing soon. not sure what to wear
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
hah yea I know I was kidding! :D
We're on our way to D.C. for the #MarchforLife! Pictures to come later.
“: Getting my post workout fix Tofu + Spam combo FTW #Portland #foodcarts” nice bro. How did those treat you?
Ask the Doctor: post your question on our facebook wall and one of our dentists will answer. We want to hear from you!
#Medeco #eCylinders audits are captured and schedules created remotely via web-based software
hook me up with a vancouver -> louton and I'll ... I dunno what. Buy you dinner?
I haven't been tweeting a lot lately 😁😳
that's wassup bro i didnt get the tape yet tho.
Sixers got lucky
you're welcome!
everything happens for a reason. <3
If I follow where you're going with this, that series ends in 4, #Yotes sweep. Only thing stranger than NJD-PHO Cup would be that.
Crazy day for the NFL... Smh
To our followers or anyone that would respond: would you guys read more if we covered college sports as well as pro?
things i did over break: had surgery, ate a lot, and watched a TON of movies. it feels good to be productive again!
DYK? Anita T. Anderson - First woman on the debate team at Howard University was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
I think my wife would love it if we celebrated mother's day with Papa John's pizza
that is the dream, isn't it?
NEW TO OUR ANTI-AGING PROGRAM........NOW OFFERING VITAMIN INFUSIONS AND PRP SCALP INJECTIONS FOR HAIR REGROWTH.
Nabby with a spectacular shoulder save on a high and hard shot
#IVoted make sure you get out there and do the same.
Merry Christmas from East Nashville Radio!
The perfect cure for stress is Faith!
man im a big tipper i caint help it ... except at the strip club ... which i never go to
I don't think you will get a reply, he wants to be excluded from debates and such. Check his feed.
We're all proud of the USA Soccer team for demonstrating that team work, dignity and resilience are still American values.
Ima ball forever - I'm finna sleep for many hours to in a few
yes, but I do admire his conviction in his decision. Brave move
awesome, I love that shade, pics soon please! ;)
National Homebrew Day on Cinco de Mayo? Something's up folks.
I will whisper sweet nothing to you
‘Selecting a career based on own strength, likes and desire is very important’ Dr. N. M. Kondap
welcome aboard friend, peace {^_^}
you shoulda told me you had a Spring game today.... I would have came! Smh
im determined to make it to school tomorrow
Thanks for holding it down and being so helpful with tonight!
#IDSD mobile revenue growth to double quickly.
I'm not fans of all of them, but it looks great!
: Good afternoon world!!!
"Losers focus on obstacles.. Winners focus on opportunities" #make2012count #colossians4:5
Florence and the Machine flippin' ROCKED!!
absolutely. I keep saying my iPad might actually be magic. We're even starting to make our own apps, which i can't believe
RT : And as they talk abt feeling bad for Kisha, they're planning to mess up Kenya's room. Really?
I HATE MY JOB
Ohio University's Innovation Center seeking digital media startup companies ... - The Daily Jeffersonian
gonna post some stuff on the blaaag today. made some awesome zines yesterday worth sharing with you knuckleheads.
stop it! That's creepy !
LOOOOOL stop it i cannot! :)
omg take me with you
Tx 4 Learn at 40 RT U might also enjoy
Very Nice!
#imagine Austin:Your are my life.Your the only thing that it would hurt me to lose.♥ -anna
U will get my $$$ support when I see TRUE legislative policy on #equality. Weakening Log Cabin Republican here
Hello too... have you follow me back already? ^^RT Hello New Follower:D
I'm doing well Steve, thanks for asking! In Orlando, FL vacationing in the warm sunny weather. Love it down here :)
Everytime Marco aint round , they be like ''where your baby daddy"
My favorite comedian is Nicolas Fehn!
What music are you listening to?
Today, the US Senate has once again failed to do what most working families do---set and follow a budget.
thanks for the follow.
: i often visit classrooms tests are mandated by state law budget shortfall $122million
#SocialMedia is here to stay. The genie is not going back in the bottle.
love that album, too! Seriously! Yes!
I could really use those new Google Goggles, there are times my reality isn't nearly augmented enough ...
And where did these eight people purchase said sushi and sashimi?
Just saw a hipster and realized how much I miss Belmont
Lol me 2.I think thats one of the reasons he gets really pissed if people stand up in his class,makes him look like a midget
Time to put on my cheese head
IT guys at my work drop heat and talk on their phones, in a foriegn language, at the same time
you're probably going to miss your flight... hahah
No cooking, just diving, eating, resting, Thai massage, and all the other fun stuff. I have only three more day left.
Now and then I think of when we were together
joined on cyber monday. This past week has been great! IF you don't know who these girls are, you absolutely need to.
There is a Hoda Kot for every letter of the alphabet. The one you see on TV is Hoda Kotb
Writing with one hand. Old-style or more thoughtful. Emily Dickinson? Cynthia Ozick? Stephen King?
So I walk into my 9 am class. Then at 9:05y teacher says take a 10 minute break....
I'm going to feel bad for laughing at these pics if Kaner ever ends up in rehab. Until then, HAHAHAHA.
In VA? Pls help my homie #stuffthebus. Its a charity for toys 4 tots. He needs to fill the buses before he can go home
Rock n roll all night! Inspiration at van wilks' birthday!! in the house.
Hats off to for an amazing #CherryBlast party. DC needs more of that!
obviously not payin attention in geometry...
I didn't until I #IMDB'd it. Good call. Anymore brain busters? Can't cheat. No
so cute
the struggle.
Street protests across europe over ACTA. Totally not being covered by US News. your credibility continues to erode
#somebodyonmytimeline has a "profile picture taken in the bathroom mirror"...wait more like everyone on my timeline
working from home in my jammies.
"And I still believe, that everyone can find a song for every time they've lost and every time they've won..."
who is watching right now I am
Playing an open mike is a lot like landing a plane. If you can walk away from it, it was a success.
I miss u, Bo Peep!
Nice OOH work in Charlotte — your board sounds great!
haha I saw that but wasn't gonna say anything!!! :)
Largest Marine Corps Exchange Open For Business
#TEDxNYED the reason to study other cultures is to understand the box your culture puts you in.
I wish every weekend could be like the last. Perfect park and rooftop weather! :)
Hope I get I see my love tomorrow
thank you
If I were a lame...
Can the #Mets EVER win on my birthday!?
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Summer homework should be banned :-P
It is GRAY here in New England today. First real of snow of the season over the weekend has me in a holiday mood. :)
well, them #Knicks seem to have a real good chance. -of playing 3 more gms this season
We all knew this would happen! RT : Blonde Redhead has canceled tonight due to an illness in the band. Sorry!
Which is your favorite American Songbook Holiday Tune?
Windy City Cowboys at yesterday, show tunes at Sidetrack today. Gayest weekend I've had in a while.
i fucking love you and im glad you came back to schol.... cause i was going to walk to your house to get you!!!
just got censored by ...beware this management team and do not buy into this group ......
I want to have a #SexyParty!
great!! I've seen the show 6 times yet I've still never seen you go on!
Anyone want to join for some wine and pro/con list making tonight?
Well first of all, you were rather impolite to me first, sir.
The delegation consisted of teachers, principals and department of education managers from around South Korea.
RT : Ian and I are so glad you liked it!
you guys just killed it. i gave up 2 hours of valuable "i don't sleep b/c I have a newborn" time... and it was well worth it.
Planning my trip to NYC: excited to visit the Ratti #textile Center at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
RT : Q7: when attending performance show, do u attend known companies or smaller?
Attended Dave Krieg talk at NCU today. Krieg had some great stories.
RT Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
Thanks! Appreciate it! You're amazing <3
RT four letter word not to use in a relationship: NEED
I love this kid <3
you can't see it, but I'm making a sad panda face right now that I can't be there.
hm you kno lol .......you and your scooter lol
Yep. THE Mr. Tae Bo is being massaged by Peter. I was introduced and froze!
'Let it Be'... latest addition to my remastered Beatles CD collection. Rediscovering all the Beatles goodness that I grew up with. :-)
This is going to be a crazy week....
Worried about your teen texting and driving? Join me for a event tomorrow at 10A to learn about a new service that can STOP it
so what's her name isabelle fanner from canada? Or Olivia Castalia from salt lake? @ oliviacastalia
The #Avengers rocked my world. I highly recommend this movie. Non-comic geeks will still find this movie accessible. Fans will also enjoy.
Nice to meet Mike of Mike Wells Mastering last night over a beer, looking forward to mastering this record soon!
got that right,you reminded me I got to get it cover lol
- today and everyday I am so grateful to know you!
Wondering if this is a Mac issue? I'll have to give it another go on campus tomorrow. It's just frustrating me right now.
So, Lone Star, now you see that evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
Why are people so intent on playing ANY formation? There's a time and place (and set of players) for everything.
Yeah, supposedly Beth "can't" compete & Nikki Bella is gonna have a "mystery" opponent :P Kharma Kharma Kharma Kharma!
wow! took me forever, but thanks for the follow friday!! hope you have a marvelous thanksgiving.
How long until Target girl singin Adele gets a record deal??
Headed to Chicago Monday -- anyone have free Cubs tickets they want to dump for Monday night?
What an awesome day in DC!
Literally zero patience tonight for the rowdy little kids I teach.... Zero.
The #MCDM booth has been so popular that we're almost out of brochures! People want an #education in #digital!
Think forgot about me!
What was the one issue? I am getting one on Thursday.
Oliver Wood is trending. Oh, the memories.♥
Awesome performance last night at Nighttown. Incredible ensemble. You've got a new fan...maybe many more...here this morning. Jim
Just beat at marvel vs capcom 3
RT« Saying "I'm fine" when you're not, "it's nothing" when it's everything, "I'm done" when you know you still wanna try.»
I actually got a sunburn today... and I'm completely okay with it. BRING ON SPRING!!
Lol RT : Let's start a new hashtag #TWP tweet while pooping come on let's get tweet while pooping trending who else
you think seattle will be a suprise team in the nfc west this year? someone to be rekoned with?
hahahahahah you're going straight to hell lmao
but ye, in all serious tho, hate boys
hey can you follow my personal account?.
April Fools!!
Will be at Jazzbah tomorrow evening with NM-PRSA for our Holiday Social. I've been waiting to check it out - excited!
6pm Saturday, Webster Hall. Not asking anything for them. You interested?
so when are you gonna hook me up with some seats like that?
The appeal of the #bowtie is simple. Less fabric = less fuss. I can wear them cycling, motorcycling, and yes working
When someone compliments you or your kids have MANNERS an sa thank you damn bio home training
i have said that quote so much in the past 3 days..
also - there's no Sergios Sign. They left the previous bar sign up which I believe says Fusion...
- I'm beginning to think your New Years Resolution was to never post on Twitter again. We miss you buddy! ^_^
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
funny talking boners with you today.
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...❤ please follow!! #Mahomie 2
*dies at Austin and Alex's conversation*
Seriously. We need some runs ASAP
heyy! Tell him o kik me
I need some new idea's for new POLLS OF THE WEEK!!!! Tweet your idea's for a Poll or E-mail your idea's to . THANKS! :)
So its really nice outside today. Who's trying to actually go do something fun? For once.
lol how'd you make the a's like that??
Thanks! Hope to go out on auditions soon!
Must recommend: Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, opening soon in San Diego. Check reality at the door and enjoy.
Do you want your organization to play a role in the NLD initiative? Sign your org up today at www.nationallabday.org
Mass invasion of the pitch...
Divorce Drama Reveals Phil Ivey made $920,000 a Month from Tiltware
Sweet, see you in a bit with our new daughter :) She is 12 days old today! :)
-_- I hope she knows that the year is almost over
as a local it's hard to enjoy #sxsw without some kind of bullshit to sell the tourists.
Rhyming n rapping r 2 different things,
Thanks! Spread the word about us & keep checking in on my tweets I'm going to share new lyrics when I get more followers!
New MW3 Elite maps now available. yay!
And now for this break ...to make hot buttered popcorn.
« I'm hungry af af. Hungry ain't even the word.»
Going to be in Orlando Florida any time soon?
"Engagement & entertainment are different. And you need both." - Jim Newcomb, Dir of Brand Management & Advertising at Boeing
Livin' out my dream, people still sleepin'
Thanks again to all of our fans for coming out last night. It was awesome getting out feet wet at Vaudeville Cabaret.
Jesus Take The Wheel in My Life.... :)
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho wake me up from good sleep!
Awww. Don't give up and put your head in the sand, though. Embrace the ostrich in you. OK I couldn't type that w/a str8 face
Next winter in SF? You're moving?
Traveling always puts me in a cultural studies state of mind. Modernity is when you go to the next town & see that stuff is different there.
thanks for the info though, reporting from KCRA 3.
I think this is the World Hockey Championships, but the ice in Helsinki is roughly the size of Waukesha County.
Last but not least, thanks to all of our fans who stopped by the booth and came out to the shows. We love you!
To Shirim listeners at WCUW 91.3 FM www.wcuw.org - with about 5 inches of snow in our area we won't be on the air with the show tonight -
last night i went to my friends house which was fun we watched the pens game then hung out til like 1am
The sportage down and out? Need a rental
Goodnight twit fam. I'll b back on my tweet game 2mor
it is never ok to not wear a bra in public, bye
HFMA has released new set of MAP keys/metrics to help hospitals/physicians track financial performance over time
HI NEW HOME IN CA
need to turn a fan on in this hizzhouse but my bronchioles are too inflamed
Still looking for unusual masturbation techniques - I'll keep it anon, just wanna hear the juicy stuff. Pls RT
omg i had a nightmare last night :( it was about coco!
You live with me, and I with you, And you will be my POSSLQ.
: Wasn't arguing. Just wondering. Fans don't seem to be acknowledging there might be a trade off.
I don't know. Where do you draw the line? Songs they use bad words?
okay but you better vote for me(: haha
Thunder rock and thunder roll.
Tomorrow is 4/20 how perfect for beer olympics #teamjamaica ❤💛💚
Good morning, afternoon, or evening... :)
Going to bed so tired.
nah im good, whats changing my haircut gonna do for me? Lol its not gonna change my life lol
Twelve twelve <3 am
Just went grocery shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond. Fuck society.
You have to show them how it can enhance their students' learning but also how it can make their life a little easier-win,win!
damn, it was still early, like 9pm,nobody was drinking, then dan started, which mean I had to. YOU GOTTA DO SHOTS WITH DAN, HE NEVER DRINKS!
Are you serious?
Help us out and retweet our last tweet and let's bombard local tv so they know all about us!
Hope everybody had a Happy Easter! :)
megadeath has been pretty weak ever since they decided "heavy metal" music videos should incl. extreme winter sports.
You are the epitome of an illiterate douche bag hick. Your family needs a bit more chlorine in that gene pool.
she's not leavin!!!
Watching the cars pass by is somewhat soothing.
Mona and Noel are so cute together and hes soo hot !!! <33
come hang out with me
Startn 100 Day "Live The Life" Challenge!! Plan 2 reach major goals in my life personally, professionally & socially w/i the next 100 days!
One of San Diego's most notorious murders was the subject of another court hearing, I'll have the story on Michael Crowe at 4
love the idea of the Vision! I'm a big believer in Vision Boards.
If my storage locker is sold on Storage Wars, the door will open to reveal a box of dusty hustlers from 1988
I still don't believe you lol. Any who did you enjoy the ass whoopin?
What's with the attack on Latinos in the first place? Secondly, why no correction for your error on Latino UE?
but I've always been me :)
right now, calling it a twisted knee. No time table yet.
lane is very old
Praying for this little boy with a brain tumor. It makes me feel even more blessed right now
#wifi in homeroom is prime
Thanks for following :D
that's the plan. Oh...wait a minute...you don't think she'll like tacky. LOL Better re-think my shopping strategy.
Holtzman: two categories. Specialized gestures for specialized app should have exclusivity. Consumers need standard, uniform experiences.
Best thing i've heard all day...The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese!
Appreciate it
he came out right after he got done playing
Let's hope not Ryan! RT : I know imma go crazy today lol
I would really appreciate / #love a Google+ invite if anyone could spare. ()
Dumanis says she's not going to stand up here "and give you a bunch of bull." Says she's tough and will make tough decisions.
their not worth it is they cant be smart enough to not drink(:
Im freezing :/
Your sexy and you know it? More like your slutty and you blow it!
hello how are ya doing todayy
In truth, Maddy only stayed there for about a minute. She sit on Harry every day, but that's the only time she's rested her +
Never say never. Go Lehigh-you have heart. Yes I am watching March Madness and it is. :)
- I certainly do, and I actually get paid for it!
Excited to be workin the Southernhoopsreport event wit and and #goodhoopin #
Going to bed... Night<3
Sure. Read Steve Scafidi's poem "Latitudes of Desire" and have students compose their own poem following Blacksburg VA's lat. line.
A perfect road trip! : Just in: Gallipolis, Ohio May 4th at the Ariel Theatre. Tix on sale this Friday.
#Newt Gingrich: tempestuous egotistical twit comes to mind. Just sayin'.
Officially back from vacation and ready for work tomorrow. Lots to do in August to get ready for a rockin' Q3 and Q4 of 2010!
Ready to plug my computer into some speakers and start blasting some 2 CHAINZ in this library to get this spot TURNT THE HELL UP!!
Hypnosis 4 Hiccups - Hard 2 do in a tweet, tho -
I WANNA GET CHOCOLATE WASTED
I never want them to graduate waahhh :(
It's Friday. Friday. Got to get ________ on Friday. :)
"General Hospital" always has a way of making my life seem pretty boring...I'm not sure I can come back from death once, let alone twice!
Dear , Move to the east coast, take me on tour with you to be your back up dancer & when we're old enough, we can get married<3
I need to squeeze in a nap before these games start. Wait, game starts at 5? Fudge.
: Good news, folks. says they will have 1 of their popular shows captioned by end of week.
I KILLED my to-do list. Take that, MONDAY!
Why do I always get these random cravings wah
oh shit for that internship? And when is aziz?
We aim to please! Let us know how your trips goes when you take a Zipvan for a spin.
another thing in common = loyola.
Noticing dutch bikes r designed w/ higher handle bars so riders can sit up str8. So much better 4 the back, then t sport models u find in US
Who changed? You changed? I changed? Just kidding, but call me maybe? Hahaha, that's a song. Sorry. Okay. Call me? Or not. :p
what about a bikini?
If I was rich I'd still b with her
RT House/Techno/Trance/Club music whatever you fucks call it; really gets my dick hard when I'm working out.
thanks for the #FF mention!
You're so damn lonely when you're on my mind, cause you're the only one
We are more like otep and in this moment our newer stuff has more of the marie vocals. I do a acoustic cover of beautiful tragedy. We ar ...
Major studio callback. For once, an ugly audition pic did me some good!
im always happy when I get to talk to at least one of my followers when I get the chance c:
Wild I know!! Just ' cause. We live in Texas doesn't me can ride a horse to the danged Chicken Stand!!!
Change in plans for Midday
Why do people insist on having full conversations with me when I have headphones on?
I believe in my smellf
oops sorry* D: and thanks(:
FYI: My students are tweeting about Was America Founded a Christian Nation? for the rest of the week under the hashtag
If you live in Southern California or have friends that do, go to Emerald Agency's Facebook page and like us.
I'm in school right now-_- it's so boring
It's not true when you pray over your food it is blessed, their are several Christians that have died of a stroke from blessing pork dinner.
Scientific American.
Professor Cowen and those who want to school him on food - Washington Post (blog)
Here's wishing you all a Good Monday Morning! I hope you feel well-rested and ready to face the week. Cheers!
Be careful if you are on the roads in #SanAntonio this morning! Roads are very wet!! Stay safe! :)
what?!?! I'm sure they would have picked Little Women nine out of ten times! ;)
aww so cute, but uh... fill me in? What the heck is Upfronts? I have never heard of it & I have heard of most everything?
#np Just Passing Through - Jason Aldean ❤
Emergency rooms are not fun!
Pacers chill the fuck out for a second.
Lololol Machine Gun Kelly said Hailie was hot. But I don't know why #TeamShady is flippin out.
Don't let the year END ......with issues left OPEN!
$15 but today we're selling them in Columbus for $12. Come hang!
Happy Easter all! Enjoying my first day ! Cannot wait to see what opportunities this brings!
Lakers hanging in there.
Tyler let this dog in the house, and it's taken up residence in my bed..
I'm done! Next time someone asks me what I do for fun, I'm telling the truth. I build web apps. Tired of making up "normal person" answers.
you're missing out! ;)
RT“: don't let the high go to waste.”
Sorry I've been watching the office a lot lately haha stole that one.
Omg being poor and VERY Hungry in Santa Monica is not a good combo
I hope you're right. I'd be great to see him play
Get Great Stuff & Win Prizes!!! Text KARTRACER to 87654
Everyone needs to nominate for #humor please
IMHO Silence of the Lambs is one of the most rewatchable movies ever, right up there with Few Good Men & PBride.
You are an idiot, Edler.
Fine. Have your booze. See if we care. :)
Get ready for it.. I came to win.
Daddy make a wish , put this cake in your face ;)
I suspect there are people I don't follow on Twitter because I'm subconsciously envious of their careers. Try not to think about it, though.
Sunday she's all ribbons & curls!
oh. i'm sorry babe
yeah lol I ment to say ASSes but instead I said "assessing" haha stupid predictive txt! My bad, I just noticed
Just finished reading what I would consider the best novel by Gary Paulsen. Harris and me.
oh now a cute guy like yourself has to have another cute guy for a valentine.
Evrybody did lol. I wana ask prodigy in person if he really did got twerkes on.
Work bound.
Wtf dis mane gt on his ipod Omg
trying to help! Good luck!
Friends and Family @ #vineyardvines, use code:nsboston to receive 25% off!
I Got The Juice, I Feel Like Bishop When He Hit Raheem Up!!
yes, but i need to start rotating my stories around. Need to have "fresh" content...
what happened
Nature is a language and every fact one learns is a new word.
"Be kind to your dentist. He has fillings, too."
chillin like a villain lol How bout you?
You could have said "Mother-In-Law Fantasy". Close enough.
I would never be jealous of a weekend two Coachella ticket
A vacation is what you take when you can no longer take what you've been taking. ~Earl Wilson
Mrs and I went to the ballet last night. Tonight, we're eating chili & watching Your Highness w/Danny McBride. Keeping it balanced, knamean?
Will never again take another 8:15
Stay #quirky RT : i hope to never fit in the box people expect me to fit in... how booorrriiingg and lifeless
Sometimes you win simply by not losing.
hello I am so very happy to have found you we have so much to talk about Tina Bagon www.kidshardwarekompany.com
I suggest you unfollow me if it's disrupting your world or timeline that much.
Just wanted to let know that I'm working on our HSTA project. I have one hour to do this.
I finally finished my music video today for Broadcast production I love it :)
I love finding money in my pocket, too bad I didn't find any today =\
Research. RT : Rip wikipedia.. how the fuck am I gonna pass school now
Thought McCain said Romney should chose Palin. Did he mean "lose"?
Cont last tweet. . .I feel that there is some kind of metaphor there.
Just landed in SF... 5 hour flight, and we were given the opportunity to buy a meal on the plane. Remember when that shit was free?
Standing on my front lawn with my pants down waiting for Google Earth to come by and take my picture.
RT : A great review for Twelve Patients: Life and Death at Bellevue Hospital by Eric Manheimer via
Eric Sevareid~ The bigger the information media the less courage and freedom they allow. Bigness means weakness.
Now taking #photo session appointments for my time in #Delhi , #India in May! DM me for info on pricing and dates. Availability is limited!
not going to help... U would think he woulda learned that from Memphis days
likewise! Love the pic...thanks for sharing!
Let's spend together from now until forever
Hello everyone
Bumpin this I ain't got too many friends so I coped a coupe
Wow that AP test was so easy
gratuitous use of Bell's Oberon. Win. good? not sure, but it is mildly funny.
who is that miley cyrus put on twitter that shows people danceing some where
RT ": i'm just searching for a call back, jerksauce" <<Well you won't find it here jerkenstein!
The US's maternal mortality rate is double that of the UK. We need healthcare for everyone!
how tall is your balcony cause you just tweeted that from your phone..
Sorry! We're planning our tweets for this webinar. Got a little trigger happy and posted it early. Plan to join us 1/30!
I need to stop mixing vodka with random things!!!!!
nice! I wasn't expecting them so early.
I hate pretty girls with ugly personnalities. Ugh go fuck youselves.
Not disputing the #'s. But they say more about bad-apple owners, dog fighting culture, & stigma than about the breed
um, it's amazing! ;)
Can u ask viola D,octavia S & Jessica c how they reacted when they got the news they were nominated? I luv the help.
A WOMAN WHO SHOULD HAVE BEEN #POTUS! (sorry, I had to say it)
i enjoy the #ravens getting ass fucked out of a touchdown by the refs and i hate you too
he spent a significant amount of time on his scramble game at the bar. Weak bar night obviously.
Not specifically, but we do want to make sure we're on our game for PAX!
#SpottheShuttle it's coming back in 15 minutes
Can't wait to hit Vegas for my 21st.. Scared money don't make no money. Lol.
glad I'm not the only one. Had to sneak up to room to get it together after photog session. Amazing!r
Whohoo! Back up and running!
I meant boobie before the last 30 minutes LOL damn. I forgot I got a game tomorrow. When your #s called
I agree
hey im back! noww
YOU ARE AMAZING!!! Thanks for letting your LIFE speak!
Forgot my headphones and I'm still killin it....holla
“: thx for the #FF ...love to stay connected to interesting sports info...” No doubt. Checks us out!
lol now I'm going travel with camp rock yea \m/
Journalist? You have to be less transparent about your hate for Newt b/c he didn't get along with your father. Overreact.
I know I'm the peanut gallery, but is anyone concerned that Siri might be perpetuating a 1950s stereotype about women? #backwardtechnology?
I check behind the shower curtain for murderers when I go into the bathroom.
Percolator playing tonight at the beat kitchen from 10-10:30. Come on out!
I'm in the mood to listen to The Doors!
haha you can get one!!!!!
Warm sun with a cool breeze. Perfect day to be on the grind. #YOLO!!
First day in the past 2 weeks I'm not obligated to leave my apartment. Head in the clouds kinda day.
I just followed the beautiful wonderful <3 ❤
Saturday fishing time- where r u fish?
Not all Farm markets sell local! #Carmel volunteers work with vendors to ensure Indiana produced or grown. Opening May 19th
Core question now: can lateral intervaillance and surveillance both be considered examples of Foucault's panopticon?
:) -RT : Working for BET was truly a blessing!! Glad I met great ppl like
lol I got some side pockets in ma luggage
What is the quickest way to get on Saturday Night Live? Get in the Presidential race this year...sad that the best jokes are our leaders!
It's going to be a riot when they get worked by Miami.
indeed. demonstrating "shoulders" perfectly. RT : You sir are a scholar & a gentleman CC
followin everyone Follow back
i love youu 
that's happening on the 7 train
What song are you #NowPlaying? I'm rockin' to "Set Fire to the Hive" by !
“: I hate that feeling when you want to know something, but you're too afraid to find out.”
The mesmerizing moon surreptitiously soothes my soul with seductive soliloquies...
Was it Machiavelli who said a city designed by one hand is better than those designed by many? Irony? Apple proprietary
I am watching Death Race; had to buy the movie, love it way to much. JS you rock.
LOL... Let me know what you need.
It's officially the first day of spring! Who is excited for warmer weather??
christmas shopping for the house. So much fun !!
Welcome to Chicago #NRAShow attendees & exhibitors! Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass...
family of travelers. :-) hi Jaime!
school has made me pretty busy. geez.
dumb dick bamboo is my man fag fuck!!!!
#positivity is seriously the most important thing inlife. People in the worst areas may say shut the fuck up, were trying 2bring awareness
well, let's get u scheduled and we will figure it out:).
Get a hold of yourself, lady! *smack* [shake] "I'm a doctor, I'll handle this..."
it takes a couple of times to get used to sometimes. That's our brain's survival mode kicking in. :-)
Doctor:"I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your DNA is backwards." Patient:"and...?" Doctor:"Exactly......"
how much do i love ?!?! =) "and thank you for that damaging testimony."
well, sure(:
clean this room than find somthin to do
An joe pesci goes without saying
Very good time at #saa11 Research Forum. (Nothing like a day-late tweet.)
Its a good way to scar your soul. They made me realize how disturbed my inner being truly is. Its a good thing.
Our order for shirts are in! :D We should have them for our show on May 29th! :) Who is going to buy one?
#3WordsForYou Mango Read Nifty.
All alone in an empty reading room. Really what I need right now.
Bizarre weather - it was snowing so hard around Southcenter that I turned around & went home. Giant sticking snow, but dry & sunny at home.
RT : RT : Thank you and bless you, Amy Goodman. ()
Game's at Warner 5:00 for all you dedicate fans!
Thank you!
NYC, China Town. It's so damn awesome.
Take your time.
Yes!!! Absolutely! Let's get him going. I will have a new schedule posted on jrpsocal.com by Wednesday, so just email me at meganjrp ...
awh, thank you SO much! :)
It's sad that I love YA and yet haven't read Weetzie. I'm getting it from the library today.
Abbederis has the state record in 110 hurdles.
#Happy #Mothers #Day #enjoy it.
Everyone please go follow the very beautiful Olivia
A high scoring #OrangeBowl game so far but West Virginia is thoroughly handling Clemson. Kinda wishing I could have went to that game now..
Thanks for sharing my post. Enjoy your day!
Thursdays = Ladies Night at Grazie! Stop by from 9-11PM and all the ladies drink for free. Can't wait to see you tonight! 305.673.1312.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present. - Bil Keane
Thanks for covering FelonFitness VG! Come do burpies with us! You look tough enough to hit it with the boys in the yard...
Good deal.
Uploading the new PARTY ROCK MIX...stay tuned!!
9 Score and 11 years ago! My new song!
Its always something.
Its hot in FT MYERS
I'm concerned both for my blog and for the poor soul with the dry, cracked, and stretched penis.
Missed you yesterday at the ACP thing. I'm sure it was great. I still have some of that blondie if you want a bite.
When the #Brewers make the playoffs as the last seed, people will be accusing Bud Selig of timing the #MLB playoff expansion perfectly.
cheaper, and possibly better
Thanks for following
Be back later all. Gotta goto gram's for din and watch 24.
New : Upper West Side Story!
o i wanna go please!!
I know I may get a biased reponse, but would u trade Finley for Boldin and O. Daniels? I have A. Hernandez at TE too. My WRs are horrible.
instruments have seperation anxiety when their Musicians leavethem behind a Gibson les Paul weeps and pines looking out a window waiting
i would rather go out with one of my best guy friends than date a super hot guy i dont even know...
If your sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air..and TURN UP THE MUSIC!!!!
We may get to 3000 sales on today! Act fast to be our 3000 customer & get a present!
Legends home stand against GVL starts tonight. Don't miss the excitement. And don't forget to use your UW-Legends vouchers for your tickets!
hi little one
So much has happened in this one day smh!!!!!!
Been listening to 11-1-11 theory since 8 this morning... Classic..
If you think I want your broken and neglected stuff...you might be right. Get It Gone!
Watching 1979 BBC "Henry VI" (Shakespeare) & wants to know why we can't just watch The Tudors. I see his point.
There needs to be a class where you can learn to let go.
RT : Not much weirder than when elevator door opens and there's just some guy standing there with none of the buttons pushed.
Feels good when other rappers Fukks with me!
I'm not sure how I feel about the high school boy at McAlisters calling me "dear" on 3 different occasions
Me neither. But the new stuff didn't work as well as the old stuff was already, so go figure.
come visit me. I'm off today. After you work of course
i wasnt mad because i opened like if i was scheduled a double i would've taken it but today was just a lot of ppl
so what happens in this second half? Going to be good fun to watch!
I like to stay to myself. That means no kids
That is spectacular. Any chance you have a picture?
Face it, Hawks fans, the worst season by Blackhawks member was Stan Bowman. None of his personnel moves worked well. None. Even Mayers.
There's a trick Kendrick does in Section 80 with almost every song. Idk if anyone caught on but I'm gonna do it too.
Creative Pros: we have to say no to good things and, much harder, good people, as we strive for the best projects and great relationships.
"You can pay someone $15 to cut your hair for you, dumbass." Must I keep reminding myself? Apparently so.
. I can't wait to see how #JakeTapper spins Mitt Romney's bullying as something 'positive'for America. He's such a corporate tool!
oddly enough i wore lots of sunscreen and even a hat! When are we having HH?
you will do great! just have fun its the energy they will love!
thanks the for RT!
So my mom likes to catch attitudes spariodically .. that's cool
SAT word of the day: myriad (adj.) consisting of a very great number
takes carryout orders! Give us a call at (312) 422-0150 between 11am and 4pm to place yours!
Is this a trick question? ;) I should take myself back to Florida sans kids! Let's do dinner soon!
Wonder what been written on the non-folk spoken word song from the Velvet Underground's "The Gift" to the Tindersticks' "Chocolate."
OMG! I just sounded like a real fat mf. Lbs.
my boy finally reached 1000 followers lmao
dudee i'm actually crying now... THIS FUCKIN SUCKS
I enjoy people telling me I am a MASTER. Keep it comin'.
UWAD Barry Alvarez waa interviewed in the latest report on Chadima. He says he knew him like a son and was shocked by all the allegations.
Maybe it helps that it's in the East Village. And I wonder if the "it's great for people with dogs" argument would work?
So how much play do you think the Prezs. "Head examined" comment, when referring to those that question his decision, will get? Ops?
check out my next tweet
MT : Rhoades: what's at stake is not 's competitiveness but what kind of state WI wants 2 be in 20 years. Alabama?
Pres Jimmy Carter in Haiti for Habitat for Humanity. Had honor to work on global Habitat homes w/Pres Carter - a great builder in many ways
Agreed. Thanks so much for the RT.
I live a pretty fricking DANG good life if i might say so myself.
We thank all of the "SNOCLOTHING" Fans Thank you guys & gals so much for supporting us. Also Checkout our blog at snoclothing.com/blog
Let's go fuck Atlanta
great job at the grammys you are awesome wish i was there to see you live! great peformance you rocked !
I have no common sense but I have bed sense.
QoTD: "A winner makes commitments to a goal, a loser makes promises." (Unknown)
what is that
Yes true ...... thanks for the morn message
yea i changed..... i got to the money yal stayed broke
Its really hot out tho.
I need a good conversation right about now
“: “Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.””>>I needed that. Thank you. Have a blessed week!
Time for bed, driving up to LA in the morning!
Buy One Happy Munchies or Happy Yogis, Get One Free Coupon
your mom
Great Newsletter Fast-Fix in Denver ;)
Love it great product!
keep the wings and just deliver me tall seadog blueberrys hold the blueberries :) deal?
no I know you got it. It's finished and you are will pass sophomore year
Happy Birthday!! 🎈
You have an ewok shirt? Jealous!
Garcia's Today!
Moving back to the summer home like proper aristocrats. The summer session begins Monday at Red Dot. 7pm start with the usual accoutrements
“: "I hate when people say they feel me man......I hate that sh*t."”RT I fell ya man I hate that shut lol hahaha had to
#IWillAlwaysLove my volleyball girls
This doesn't look live.
Hey everyone
Can you please help me get 's attention to follow me? its so hard!!! :(
Yea u heard it?
Something tells me I'm going to be #Tebowing soon...
Pets can acquire fleas anytime they enter infested areas-this can include parks &, sadly, any place other pets or wildlife frequent.
that awkward moment when you realize you went poo without dropping your chones
This is my 500th Tweet!! ........ You're welcome.
I love group projects in school
In a startling development, i have lost 1/2 lb over the holidays. I am obviously a machine fueled by pork fat & goose liver
hahaha. I guess :p
what did u say about it? And what is his twitter name?
what's up finally gettin on the twitter train
Congress and Obama are now taking aim at mortgage deductions.
They've reached a verdict in the Casey Anthony trial- will be read at 2:15est!
YES. It's so perfect because they believe it for a bit then can't even come close to figuring out who it really is
She hmu on both my accounts, that's some G shit
Yahoo! MT “: Nobody ever coined the phrase "fun as a strategic planning process," but I think will buck the trend.”
When ignores my text and I'm literally right in front of her <<<<<
have fun, ladies!
Saturday TV rating calls
I know if doesnt change her ways real fast on that show. Her modern day lynching is next on social media.
Almost prefer not knowing! But now that we do, hope someone's adding it to ebooks...
Metcalfe has Hail now Pea Size
Please Support my Tattoo Art
*daps* RT Is it me, or are 3somes easier had now than ever b4? Not the Mutt 3somes either, I mean 2 IGHT joints! Shit is dope lol
I actually am.
hungoverrrrr RT“: How is derby day going ”
Is John Kruk the lead off hitter in the movie The Fan? #wow ch. 540 directv.
0.75 movie, you can't beat that!
2 all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun!!!
AWW! I read Roald Dhal books I don't remember the first.
you know I gets it in
I'll be migrating my domains to this month! 10 bucks each!
that would be great! Haha
always boss...good lookin out
His every thing i ever wanted,every thing i need i talk about him i go on and on cause hes everything to me (: <3 I love E.S
never did that
USHLI in Springdale AR today empowering students at Southwest & Central Junior HS & Hellstern Middle School 3 more schools tomorrow
I think it depends on the person. Your nice to me, but then again I'm not an idiot
F u and your MF crew
wsop circuit main in San Diego
I feel like visiting Texas.
this would explain why i only do the business every other day.
Excited about her valentine day class party, my 1st grader promised, " yeah, we're going to boogie...around our classroom". Such joy.
Hey Evan, '' is inactive. The new twitter handle is '' Thanks!
nice i dug into the lyrics more after you said it's your fav song on CD. it is a great song!
If you get into the drones thing, the best general interest tweeter on this topic is surely
I love driving to chicago....mainly so i can reclaim my mayorship of #supermix cc:
Brett is going to Horseman's bachelor party this summer.. I am thinking girls weekend to come visit you that weekend????
Yeah, of the 95% of the people there I knew, 40% still owed me money Laugh Factory Christmas Party was mad fun! Peace'
Woke up this morning without coffee in the house for the first time in a while.
yep you sho right buddy!!!
#cara student Yvette C. just secured a position at Ada S. McKinley Community Services!! 53 of 310!!
Very proud of my VCU Rams to even make it to the Final 4:)
Get to leave school early for a 2 o clock home meet.
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and gain any aim that you can set for yourself.
someone go run with me :(.
I want it to generate tweet automatically based on the tone of my icon...
Practice today...where are my Colonials!?!?!..
#relationshippains being single and seeing the girl you crush on everyday
no idea. Just remember hearing about it.
leaving for mexico in 10 days , cant wait for the beach , warm sun , & tanning :D
“: This man gave me his seat but he left it so warm I want to stand back up. Why was your ass so hot sir!?!? 😷”>>he FARTED💨
glasses, curls, teal sweaterdress. :)
Wow, just clicked your link & watched vid. Fantastic stuff and hilarious in an awesome way! Loved the dangling microphone!
Find me a bearpig.
T/G\IF
RT : Getting ready to see perform with and ! So excited! And then...KARAOKE!!!!!!
you must be pissed off all day!
Answer: Pasta. Really?
I'm just trying to show that you can have class and also be dysfunctional.
howz life? Your site is looking pretty fantastic these days!!
Wait, yoga tomorrow??? Did you mean Friday or are you really going tomorrow? Thurs is Dean's class, right?
thank you, beautiful! Have a great weekend!
What is going on off of the highland 101 exit? I see 3 helicopters & 9 police crusers...
You coming tomorrow?
If you win, you can't include your mom or stepdad #Eww... 3-Way... passes to their exclusive acoustic performance at 7:30
At #Cincytech this morning. Innovation in our backyard!
I'm listening to "Who You Are" by Jessie J., and it made me think of you! I hope you're having a great day! :)
What's The Best Kind Of Party?....A Stripper Party, Next Question...
I listen to the song once, and it's stuck in my head. Lol.
that's kickass man, have fun
New post: New Best GPS
Learning Twitter
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... here in NYC
Congrats!! Looks so good! Your posts always make me laugh... that & fear the day I have teens. But love it just the same.
I'm seeking speaking engagements to educate re: OFCCP, ADAAA, AAP, NPRM, Inclusive Inclusion, Sustainability, Succession Plans.
Yup, my twitter account got hacked. Yes, I hope there is a special place in hades for hackers. Mean people suck.
@ Rackspace w Center for Nonprofit Support. Racker sharing insight on company culture. Celebrate what works. Find people stories.
Ending tomorrow is our $55/month rate for life Pick 2 Internet plan. (2) WiMAX modems w/no download cap & no contract required. 361-429-4758
I'm dumb I'm comin back to Mansfield to get my shoes
Newt Gingrich as guest curator? ;)
honestly losing though might be blessing given the weaker farm system. Trades could replenish as we close in on deadline.
Im So Bored & Its Making Me Slpy! Somebody Txt Me
where you gonna watch it at? I'll wear my retro Spurs Elliott Jersey!
Always a nice surprise when a Zac Brown Band song pops up on your iTouch Shuffle playlist or Pandora Radio.
you should learn to lose well :)
Pretty confident we're wowing the world right now.
lol! You're back in Nashville?!
Twitter R (and windows) users: do you have a favorite editor? Currently using TextPad..
don't be a dumbass
wat up ppl. how yall been i so miss yall
Exactly one month till my birthday. Let the countdown begin...
#wcphilly How to write your posts: Make lists! Cater to short online attention spans
Never Stop Smiling Justin! (plzzz DM them for me??)
I booked yes yes yes SAG too
Where oh where has my buddy gone? Miss you and loving you <3 <3 <3 <3 <3.
RT : RT : How will #3DPrinting change the world? Tweet by Monday for a chance to attend where our very...
I was ravished by the indelible cuteness of yet another canine yesterday. Rethinking my stance against dogs now.
hey boo. Go on dj tq page. She asked if anyone wants to make the campus live intro song.
GOOD LOOKING OUT YOUNG NIGGA IM AT 28 SO FAR GIVE ME SOME PPL TO FOLLOW SO THEY CAN FOLLOW BACK LOL
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
bleach is on right now tune in
WOULD YOU STOP CHEATING ON ME FOR k, thanks!
I cant wait to go home and just be able to sit and read tonight
In keeping with the spirit of Guitars 4 Troops (recently featured on NPR, ABC, NBC and CBS, Chasing Disaster's new ep "Bullet For A...
#truth RT : “I’m going to play devil’s advocate” = passive aggressive way of saying “I’m going to be a dick now”
Hash browns..
Chose Le Pain Quotidien for lunch! Cutest place
hope to have that shit in the next 30 and gonna cop after that lets race
Clinton Kelly called us smartypants! Also, i need check up on this "librarians in love" look.
Thank you and I support you. I am a former battered woman. I wrote one of the first books on it in America. Nancy
I'm gonna have nightmares tonight #Papelbon is on the mound.
There is always an opportunity for you to get involved at SNACK. Whether it be through volunteering or donations, every little bit counts!
I've got a brand new feeling. Its a New Day
If any hard-working adults in Staten Island are looking for entry-level work, come to WorkForce1's job fair tomorrow morning at 9:30.
The greatest call to ministry we all hv is to family ....can u win them 2 Christ!
Just going to stay in a watch movies..
it was awesome! They even let me a hold a dime bag as a photo prop
Can't wait til October!!! See you at Sunlife Stadium! Miami Broward Carnival 2012!
all valid points, I'd really like to see the epic swarm reached on 4sq day this year
um. Was she just checking her nails?!
its working for some people and not for others, just keep checking in and shouting!
thats how it shoud go if only everybody followed that
Thanks for taking the time to check out the product. We're really excited to work w/ you folks.
Check it out I sent it lol
Kristin chenowith is pocket sized. Adorable.
Just finished my in pain on the way home where's the meds at
thanks for the follow
- Thanks! I would welcome any feedback on the "orphan works" white paper and/or thoughts on how proposals would affect writers.
Visit Diamonds & Pearls Couture
Having a lovely vacation in Notern Michigan, gorgeous fall colors and today...zip line!!!!!!!
Things don't happen like that in real life, crushes rip out your heart, burn your arteries, & watch you suffer.
Ridin with ": En route to the game to support the team #playoffs"
Woot killed that drive!!
i love babies. but not this late at night when i have school tommorow and a major assignment due okay....
....for dem there Gays I change my mind? Please! Those folks weren't going to vote for O no matter what.
yup, and what you learn outside of school.
2 faces 1 tear {8/20/05} wen you hurt I hurt..wen you cry I cry..your life is my life..your joy is my joy..ily
yes it was great : )
LMAO!!! why you making fun of that boy? some people get sweaty around beautiful people!
I dont really know what to say right now , i guess ill do some #AlexAndAustinMemories? :) -Sarah
DM IT TO ME
like.. what?!
Just got a "Dear Applicant" rejection letter from a place where I am currently employed. Nice.
We can see the light at the end of the tunnel! The best college student job opportunity ever..coming soon!
Liked essay. Can't get too worked up ab NA but don't think OA exists. All culture in any moment is appropriative.
A3 Pursue your passion but have a plan
you are beautiful, in every single way.
lol yeah I thought it was a good way to start the day :)
insightful and witty!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill.
The Boondocks Is The Funniest Show I Ever Seen !!!
Thanks for the follow, have a wonderful day!
oh, ight I get know
Blood Drive this Friday at the Rice Wellness Center 10am-4pm followed by #GSA Crawfish Boil at 4pm. Give and Receive!
Good morning world!!! Sending hearts:)
Your beliefs don't make you a better person...your behavior does.
at the end of a long hall, 1/2 way to the right left peaking your internet to see the entire thing!
You are my sweetest downfall
Dito :b RT : I swear I had a live ass weekend”
anybody else watching the #MNLeg coverage on #tpt? just shot down a dumb ammendment on the
...Hard to believe we're leaving you, Milwaukee Fortress...
Excellent! Shoot us a tweet if you need anything MT Shooting 's show at the MAG today. Should be a great time!
Ah! I did the same thing! It's infectuous...
Are you eyebrows thinning? We have an amazing permanent makeup artist at Deseret. Take a look at the photos and see for yourself.
RT : ever go back and read your own update tweets? sort of like reading a journal rather cool.
Are you really this bored?
Mother's Day Drink Special: Fresh Peach Bellini!
I just realized that my Glade plug in lasted longer than #KimKardashian s marriage.
Stay schemin. Rick ross
I'm half an hour early all but 2 days this semester and no one is here, 20 minutes late today and there are 4 people waiting. Awesome.
BOW BOW BOW BOW BOOM! EAT IT ...
if he plays you guy will lose for sure
This nigga took his girl to Target to chill... Lmao smh
Don't you feel so defeated when you drop half of your Oreo at the bottom of your glass of milk?
aww omg I love ur profile pic! U and Jionni are so cute!! Love u both so much! Congrats on ur baby & engagement <33
Yo Joel! How r u? we should talk again! it's been a long time
RT Fucka friend, I need more enemies. At least those bitches admit they don't like me.
how can I be of service? =]
I TEXT YOU WHORE
EVERYONE go follow otherwise you will never have chaocolate again no lie so if i were you i would follow her!!!!!!
Pi Phi champagne breakfast with -again, I am the only guy and this time there are 100 girls. I just want one guy friend, just one ha
ATL! Come out and enjoy the Karaoke and Spoken Word Open Mic tonight at iLounge from 7p-10p @ 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. See you there!
amazing design and visual feast of London's Sketch by !!
Oh hello Valentine's Day hangover.
Cats on Pinterest: a Pictoral History should DEFINITELY be one.
OMG!! E Lynn
Using authenticity and principled magic within an mmersive learning environment to teach science with jigsaw pedagogy
Yep. We're crossing our fingers for double-digit temp!
The friggin laptop has been getting frozen again. Maybe I'd better buy a faster PC. But I can't really afford it so far. Any pointers?
loved eating with yall today!! <3 :)
worth a try sometime then.
this song is beautiful to me ((:
Very cool.
great! Just waiting for this semester to be over!! Lol
In Greenwich village...love u NYC
Who's the worst? Stern? RT : I'm going to say this now Goodell is the best comissonner in the major sports
Changing the world begins with the very personal process of changing yourself, the only place you can begin is where you are.
THANK YOU (:
nice seeing you yesterday at the #SaraBayClassic. Good luck today!
Did you know that tomorrow is Pisco Sour Day? Where will you celebrate?
THINK I MIGHT CRASH EARLY!
Hahahaha, I almost RT'd this too. Did you decide on Yeast for Saturday, I would say London ESB, but you will have a higher FG.
all u fools niggaz can suk ma cock man
Have a great week ahead!
RT CU Soccer 2011 hilights. See , , & that diving header by are in it too
Thanks :) Hi Luisa. How are you?
Taking Nikki to a burlesque show, like a good big sister.
what happened to the podcast?
on to the next one
My fingers are like refrigertor meat, bur
thinking about doing a weekly #gopro video... starting off with a
thank you so much you made my day <3 . But i think the follow didnt work you are not in my followers :/ <3
Tonight! The sold out, Our Lady Peace show at Subterranean! The Pack A.D. open. Doors at 7:00pm, see you then!
this sounds like fun! where do people sign up?
Celebrating my princess birthday this weekend and my niece. Its all Kiddy action fun this weekend.
Do rappers get paid when they are featured on another rappers song?
Whoever made showing breasts a part of the mardi gras tradition deserves a throne and a small country..
im back in town now
Love watching ants stroll into my ant traps never to be seen again.
Team In Training is an awesome program & we'd love to have you on our team! Register for one of our upcoming fall events!
Lets Go KNICKS!
My THIRD Apple Macbook charger in a year died today, and my ultra loud Denon headphones malfunctioned yesterday :( Ugh
aww what's wrong
No one knows what i am talking about...... But you
Happy Easter!! Miss you!!!
Things I don't want hear while at work that I know I will: lil Wayne, the word "nigga", and "how much are dem beats?"
You put on any song and that shit is a hit
Can I put my clothes in your moms car in the morning? :)
If a patient judged your competence based on your waiting room or equipment, what would they say?
Nice meeting you last night at the
When the right talks about "fat cats in Washington" don't they mean Romney?
Have a 1-3NLH w a few seats still open. Come on over and get yours hours in for our $2500 Freeroll played Sunday at 4pm!
Ready, set, go - you have one week in Hawaii - where would you go?
My birthday has been awesome thanks to everybody who told me .
Hey Tere, it's our pleasure. Were stoked that you love longboarding! Hope you have a great summer of riding.
Happy birthday to the best dad! I love you!!
RT True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness &righteousness -Albert Einstein
Gotcha. Where's Garrett Jones then? Won't he be the PIT 1B?
I want a cookie.. I'm craving them hoes :)"
Pittsburghs one of the most air polluted cities, but so is LA & five other Cali towns. i must be destined to die cardiovascularly.
Dewhurst, "he's back and stronger!"
Tim Tebow having a female dog named Mark Sanchez. Wrong on so many levels!!!!
mmmhhmm bu i chaged to this bc i got twitter jail once! lol im a twitterholic!
RT : ": looks like he survived a cremation!"n u survived abortion u HeBitch <== lmao!!!
girl, interrupted is one of the greatest movies of the 90's . or at least i think so ^-^
Rain, rain, go away!
This NBA trade deadline has been nuts. So many huge trades.
Yep, biggest problem NBA GMs have.
Corey Hart! The Alexander Semin of the brewers
New or used bass? look at used stuff first,many good instruments can be found in great condition at good prices.Don,t get hung up on brands.
Reality setting in today...rely on the strength of the Lord #he>i
Was going to get so much lesson planning done. But then the headache came. And the medicine cabinet is empty. Woof.
no prob Bob
Hey I love ur twitcon. U are a very beautiful woman.. I love complementing u 😊❤
Another LIVE 30 Rock next week?! That's like winning the sweepstakes!
Ha! love this! I am going to have to use that one myself! ; )
thanks Sheila. You've clarified it. Great marketing, but not necessarily the best approach to managing a digital presence?
WE GOTTA COMFRIM FOR SURE FROM YOU HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING FOR?
have you done recaps for the other episodes like does. Maybe you two should do a duet together.
I keep on fallin' in and out of wells.
When your patient and wait the good one come when you least expect it
u did it again my G, 2 battles in 1 day. is getting 2 comfortable wont feeling him today. he aint hungry anymore
To clarify, I'm not saying marriage should be everyone's end goal or the ideal set up. Heck, some of us couldn't get married if we wanted to
My charity dream!
5k zombie run is on my schedule May 5! Boston here i come!! hehe. Perhaps there should be a team "Zombies Cant Love". :-)
#themostannoyingtweeters The UNFRIENDLY ones.
thanks to new followers have a great day!
dude! I missed your voicemail. Can I call you tomorrow?
Does the Crew have a chance to sign Ramirez???
It is important to incorporate market potential when setting quotas by evaluating fairness between territories says
hair is officially curled(: now i have to get dressed for this graduation ceremony for my sister
Definition of a Planet - A body of Earth surrounded by sky. (I can see the view-point).
When all else fails, just give up already
#LTNY looking at progression of shifts in the business of law
That's terrible! These folks would say, know you're type and go with it!
how rebuild? Compete or embrace Wikipedia?!?!
you are quite welcome! We seem to have the same sports philosophy. Will have to do this again!
stalking & checking & snooping >:| aint cool it just shows how insacure you are.
Happy New Year, Joe! God bless! :)
Chaudhary's take on sympathy brings to mind Deleuze's: part if the mechanism of "becoming everyone"--experienced as plurality.
oh! That should be fun. They are perfectly round. Creative :)
QoTD: "Hear one side and you will be in the dark. Hear both and all will be clear." (Thomas Haliburton)
But I thought the Israeli government warned all the Jews to get out!
Hmm, true. That's kind of creepy.
God I can't wait Togo home. Wanna curl in bed with my girl
Word for today is feckless: weak, ineffective, worthless, irresponsible. Is your business plan feckless?
Twitter you never looked so good haha
I actually bred a guy at the bookstore last night. He asked me to ease it in, so I shoved it in, pinned him to the wall and let him have it.
come back come back to mee like you would you would if this was movie stand in the rain outside till i come out - Taylor Swift <3
What are you watching tonight? Anyone checking out a horror movie? Give us a 140 word review and we'll retweet it.
GO FOLLOW THE BADDEST PROMOTERS ON HERE THIS THE TEAM YOU WANT TO BE ON...REAL TALK
Happy Veteran's Day. Thanks for your service.
Happy Birthday to Ben Thorseth!! R.I.P. you're always in our hearts bro! It was way too short, but i'll see you on the other side
Hate It Hate It!!! Lol RT : RT Don't you hate how everything is up for discussion
they are in my BFs neighborhood. I just hope they air it since it ends next week
Don't listen to these goofy bastards - keep doing your thing Pres. Obama. I don't need you to "act" for the cameras, just get shit done
Amanda French #dpla DPLA more than website, must provide services. Want a building - a monument to informed, enriched citizenry.
Love coming home too "I love you mom" even though they should be sleeping at 1130 at night.
Add personal touch to your clothing & accessories, it will save you up.
I think I agree. He sees her too often for it to be a booty call
Grind hard pray harder
you are the best I ever had, mom :).
wish you were here. :-)
Is GE running an ad for turbines or turbans...maybe I don't know how to pronounce that word. In either case not rushing out to buy one.
I will. Thanks!
I even got ignored on the way to class T.T I'll let it slide this time.
the Vans Warped Tour in August(:
Do you see what I see? Come try our challenging holiday scavenger hunt at the Conservatory Crossing! Now through Jan 8.
RT : everything on the internet was created by someone, even animated gifs
Our UK team is renowned for their hipness. cc:
I believe this is day 3 of my "White Rabbit" earworm. It does not matter what else I listen to, it creeps back in.
Checking out the Alabama Shakes show
The Importance Of sheerlingerie | fashion in pakistan
OH but i just remembered 's cousin said she could go shot for shot wit me n smh death wish lol
Still awake watching Sox v. Rays in top of 16th.
#drinkingbeer already on a Saturday night! Gonna be out in Chicago say hey if you see me! #Happinessis good times with great friends!
Meow. Meow meow meow. I love kitty cats.
Those jars. You were right. I'm obsessed. Looks wonderful you little
shelf life of Xtol is a bitch isn't it?
I like
You noticed from last night, we only did two from the 80s. And our set's two hours long.- Ann Wilson
Ok ha
Just inked a deal for a great new client. :) *wish I could disclose, sometimes competitive intelligence is an odd business.
PLEASE WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY I TURNED 17 <3 u
GIVE WHITE PEOPLE SOME PATCHOULI INSCENSE AND OILS WITH SOME OLD VINTAGE BEE GEES. SHIT YOU GOT YOURSELF A OFF BEAT PARTY GOING ON. LOL.
it's totally yours too!! I'll write you a note if you need proof to show others :) xo
sure love (:
sweet, crispy and a lot of delicious. sweet potato is the newest flavor to hit the shelves at
The lesson is what you read in the fine print
Love is a losing game </3
What do men and beer bottles have in common? They're both empty from the neck up.
Meanwhile, the process of moving countries remains long, complicated and rich with absurdity.
Visualization Tools session has morphed to discussion of text modeling poetry. Not what I expected, but fascinating.
- ask Dad!
Just flew back to AZ now at CREAM in Scottsdale poppin' bottles where you at? Hit me up if you want to join me 602.348.1722. Miss ya all.
Bank Of America, pulling back on debit card fees, has another way to charge you more... find out how
RT if you saw or in public you would FReaAk out!
Putting a Soft cotton tee on after a hott shower>>>>> 😏
cause that truth hurts and those lies heal ♥
This class can be somewhat boring.
Oh man~ D-rose maybe injured. Pacers all the way!
Have taken shit to a whole new level!
happy birthday brah!
All you gotta do is go to the store and by a carton of eggs, then you have 12 chickens! - //
Thanks for the Follow!!
these are the most uncomfortable shoes ever.
Awww brought back some of the original biebs movess back in Boyfriend(:
Wonder how much pizza hut throws down to get those pizza boxes on the table / sponsor the halftime show.
I put five creamers and three packets of sugar in my coffee. I AM NOT AN ANIMAL.
lmao yall still love that shit, prob only skimp u cuz the boss is makin it, if YOU order later in the day I got you!
hi! How was the show?:) are you guys still there
#1dayIwantto be completely drama free
I'm hyper! Let's play!
On the road again--lunch for 12 and Sales Prospecting 101 this week
Went dress shopping today :) feel like a princess XD
text me
I hate those bots! Have a great day!
Borrowing my friend's behemoth desktop PC for a while since I've been without one for almost 2 years.
Bunny and Brandy wish good luck to the Chicago chefs on
friends are the best family. EVER
Packing + Have One On Me = Death/Despair
try hot tea and advil cold and sinus :-) thats been helping me pretty well lately feel better !
New year - new goals, aspire to new highs
follow back? :) xo imma big fan of #PLL!!
Thanks Its my daily ritual except on sunday! I get my best ideas running!
Nobody in baseball I want to see succeed more than Josh Hamilton. 4 jacks tonight. Love it. You and your 3 Petco HRs can suck it, Braun.
New penny stock pick $PLPE. Just bought
I'm eating Subway for breakfast, you jelly? (;
omg! Two of my favorite country singers in 1!!!!! Can't wait!!!!!!!<3
Do not tease me.
Headed out to Need some canvas and brushes. Haven't worked on anything since got here. I feel inspired now.
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon! xx <3
Sip on the new McCafé Cherry Berry Chiller & feel the rush of deliciousness.
Don't Grind or clench your teeth.
they look fitted like an American Apparel tee. Im ordering a men's medium to wear like a dress...the measurements are on the site.
yes sugarmuffin:) we suree do:) haven't talked since Tovey's party:( lets change that:) buhh bye beautiful;)
Ha. Good point. But seems like most (though not all) of the examples are areas where gov't involvement is long-standing.
I thank the lord everyday seriously.
thank you mama, love and miss you.
awh, thats so sweet of u to do♥hehe♥
way to do it how's it done last night.
can you come declutter my house too? 2 small kids+ 3 hour commute + full time job = messy house!
hahahaa that is so awesome!!! i think it so perfect!!! :)
I'm faded
that's me right now I only have 33%
P.E.A.C.E.- Proper Education Always Corrects Error
iphone autocorrect Settings/general/keyboard/autocorrect on/off
I remember my first tweet!
Not okay, tequila, not okay. I can't wait for tomorrow.
great to see you too! did you pick up a small bag at aoir conf registration table? i gave it to beth patin
i love prince
My sister is also a gifted healer
One more girl follow ⇨ for me? <3
I'm sure Richardson will turn the #browns around....... sike.
Do like some random song or something. ;) Follow me?
Really you think Eminem sucks? ¬¬ Are you insane, right? Haha, Sucks? You suck, BITCH !
Got hired to work at the Lowes in Elk Grove yesterday. Third different store I've worked at. Have heard good things about it.
#MustFollow Thanks for the connection Jackie
I ask that all the time and it does hurt. He was always about love and cared more for others more than himself. i miss him
that sounds like a fantastic lunch...
we prefer to be known by our tribal name "fans."
