I am!!! IM in the library
Rep. Mike Beard, in response to Benson, urges members to vote against transit amendment due to complexity of "user fee" vs "subsidy"
Check out our dbl punch drink, our eggnog latte! Our sale is extended into today...get the 30% off while you still can!
what are you taking?
hahhhahaha wow, I have not seen twitter in a loong time
that sucks i been pretty much just been thinking alot i been a lil down the last two days but im holding my own
Your doing ustream tonight right?
Great escapes from Olympic London
Just learned that rubbing ur eyes can get u blind im so sufferin right tryin to get back to normal my eyes are so imprtant
So Facebook fix my url already
Finally (after 3 days!) got 1.7 gig of email transferred over to new mac and new email program. Any Thunderbird users out there with tips?
Fucking #STOKED for #DirtyWork :) can't wait to buy it later!!!!!!! <33
Big Papa Dill Pickle Lip Balm will not dignify your question with a response.
Just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always always believe in yourself.
That's like burning a cross in Compton. RT Gonna break a bong in front of a bunch of hippies today
I hate flat soda. Its sucks.
Like...the same color of the next piece of shit I see? Is that what you're telling me to do here?
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! What was your favorite dish?
": Drunk red sox fans looking at old trolley car at boylston 'is that the orange line?' #mbta"
Homeschoolers in the LIb: a hidden asset. Huge borrowers lifelong learners & frequent library users
About if anybody on the A&A set makes out behind the scenes... a couple of people come to mind lol.
I had a good 3 hours workout with my brothers today. I hope I can make it again tomorrow.
wow! I do not envy you!
thanks - saw your blog post. Great stuff!
A2 'Horton Hears a Who'- Because "A person's a person, no matter how small"
Parent death STILL scares me! RT : I was so scared as a child. Mostly that something would happen to my parents.
3/7/1754->R Dinwiddie:Men want Clothing...It is the Nature of Indians to be taken by show&this will give a higher Conception of our Power
RT : "What if learning conflicts w/ a PR message?" THAT is the question.
I'm being pimped out for cookies
NeuroSun …Not So Shiny
Anyone see durant try to ht Carter?
Yo chick she so thirsty........
Ok, one last tweet for the day: does anyone know someone who has been to a game in more then 10 different ballparks?
I can see yo ass cheeks. LOL.
Greetings/salutations to you, uncommon Mr. C. Hope all is well/swell with you/yours.
Who's at the #Marlins game?
yayyy i'm gonna get new jeggings!
RIP Adam Yauch! One of my fav's of all time. You will be greatly missed!!!
did he get ejected like ?
I'm in town all week starting tmrw u know it don't take us but a minute
Perception becomes reality: Johnny Carson was an introvert, he became a persona to perform. Have you cast yourself in a leading role?
Working with a client this morning reminded me of some key sales lessons I never learned in sales. Good to work with people who are good.
oh I c
Found it very hard to believe
Later Twitter
8 minutes until 48 Hrs Mystery airs...can't wait to see the new episode...and preview of ours next week! love this show!
yes sadly :/
That's good man. Just can't believe what's happening right now. Honestly had thought is going to be Canucks Penguins final.
I may be Looped on Thursday and Friday. Perhaps we can coordinate.
I agree.
being way too tired to be interested in thinking about being interested in thinking
math class end already, trying to watch this Cards vs Cats baseball game
... then again, the defending champions got swept... (by the Thunder, as well)
What a beautiful day to work 98th and Sage!
dtl2011 I believe that's the correct one
CANNOT believe u got swept by Colin on u got "dunk-faced" n "posterized" at same time
A year ago, you'd agree on a budget & then come back & give them a higher bill & they'd pay it. Doesn't work like that anymore-FILM PRODUCER
Had enough of this Wisconsin weather! It better go straight from 30 to 80 degrees real quick!!
Travel deals in Maryland, Colorado and Switzerland | www ...
Let's dance together , party together - uhh ! Its the lyrics song . Hahha ! <3
Lauren's sister Miss Ginger moved into our complex. You need to come visit. Asap
Cheering in the movie theater....way to go Ibanez!
GO GIANTS!! WE WON!!! IN YOUR FACE DAD!!!!! 21-17 #WINNERS!
Wow ok so I like him and he likes me but then he goes for a different girl. :/
In less than 24hrs it goes down AGAIN! Blue Mirror $10 ALL NIGHT!
Yes. Support bigpic conceptual thinking/making pragmatic connections on the ground. They found me, were happy accidents in life
I currently have sciatica shooting down my right leg. When did I get old...and how can I reverse it???
I'd stop by, but I've got a deadline! RT : pretty sure I'm sitting right below you if you're in the media suites.
Don't hate, participate.That doesn't mean take.And PLEASE don't have the audacity to hate then turn around and present the idea as your own.
no problem man!
Wish they had rescued a #dog. :(
So, Cormac McCarthy is the best ever, right? I'm not alone in this?
Thursdays Twitter special is get a free appetizer with the purchase of any entree. Just mention that you saw the special on twitter!
if u want to I will. I don't really care
#fridayreads Orlando by Virginia Woolf. N it's god, too :)
Good practice junior girls! Were gonna wreck the seniors!!
Closed LONG $AUDUSD for -43 pips loss; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93% SHORT
I now understand why plays on her phone before getting up every morning.
good ass sunday
Is it considered bad manners if a deaf person talks in sign language with their mouth full of food? 👄👆👐🍔👇🍝🙌🍣☝💪👄
Rock and Cucumber ~ square one cucumber vodka/ Rock Saké Junmai Daiginjo/ fresh lime juice
do you have any family in the leawood area, older gentleman, same last name, has lake property on the ozarks? hit me back
won three games in four hours(:
follow back :)
Yeah lol sorry! I'll make up for it the 22nd
Don't complain; God already knows your pain.
You know I love you but you are so crazy idk where you get all that energy from! Haha you are a handful.
Happy New Year.
I love riding the face.
Thank you, you'll receive 50% off your next visit!
Who has "the package"!? Isn't this the second part of "Trapped in the Closet!?...I'm so lost...
im 16 lbs smaller/lighter now!
Hope to see on tour!
My bike racing season starts in two hours.
Can't you hear the snow ?!
re: takeout. No tip unless the tip is for the generally good quality of food and service
it absolutely does. The lending lib is great, but month restrictions make me more likely to buy sequels
At night when I am just hanging out in bed
~yes he is a stalker.
Poor Davids Pub on Thursday Jan 26 Dallas TX Melody Guy!!
Attending the visual literacy session at betascape. The success of your mobile app will depend on good design. Attend a class, now!
Time for haircut. Waiting for next char. It's like a doctors office here.
Heading to Chili Max with RevKev. Bring it, Holy Week!!
i know the same thing is going on with me. I cant stop worrying about something that i shouldn't even care about anymore
groovy. so is that #classreunion3 date now or just a stop by thing? also, mifflin is on cinco de mayo this year fyi.
DOES ANYONE KNOW .. ANYONE WERE THE BOYS ARE STAYING ON MAY 25TH? OMG
is so beautiful omg
great job tonight! stay true to who you are, who God made you to be. Blessings! What a platform to be salt and light!
All NM State employees in ABQ and Santa Fe on 2-hour delay. More weather coverage on www.krqe.com.
Email server at work is down -- all is lost, all is lost!
Happy #FatTuesday everybody! Seeing girls with beads at 11am today really makes you question their morning routine...
I got my T-Shirt and my Panties on...waiting for you!!! O biten my lips ready to ova flow!!
congratulations lady! You rock!
Just made hamburgers at 2am nbd
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made. Darren L. Johnson
&& I'm so heeled up right now I can't even talk to you.!
Bretta..signing off..but wanted to thankyou for the new info..love twitter..everyday I learn something new from tweeps:)
Dinner later on with the family >>
I am weary of anyone who has the same beliefs and/or unchallenged beliefs from when they were children.
Everyone get serious and start following Russell Brand "RustyRockets"
I just met a grandmother who knows AutoCad.
thanks Marissa! “: #FF great consulting groups doing awesome things in both of my industries!”
im saying this is a legit team lmaoonwe should start a packers blogsite real talk
Had a good class in Law & Econ. last night. Maybe to hard on the Contracts students. However, professionalism should be table stkaes.
Digging the pun man, haha! Thanks for listening!
can't wait to get everything all done and online! WOOT!
We spend more per capita on health care than any country in the world -- more than $8,000 per person --and yet we are ranked only 36th. WHO
Why are mini candy bars so delicious? They are mini so they have no calories, right? Right.
Yeah! I should have a try! :-D
Thanks for following ! Have a great evening :-)
What a beautiful mess im in <3
today is my saturday....so much to do!
“: Are you guys enjoying the episode?...did you like #WMYB ..??...#1DND” Awe look a my last tweet
you go girl ! Loll
The city of Chicago freakin sucks with these red-light tickets! Now I have to pay $100 ticket
Yes, the apparent increase in frequency is what really sets off alarm bells.
Hi welcome to #sommchat. Q: what are the best recent vintages for dry Rieslings?
Who has Instagram?? I'll follow you(:
Congrats on three years!!
I don't know the man & I don't know his motives. Therefore, I don't trust him.
I now wish i had a photographic memory
i'm throwing calorie counting out the window today. i'm just eating what i want.
y'all got one heck of a deal on that property! Has anything changed?
What an insulting attempt at moderation. You aren't fit to moderate a kindergarten talent show.
foreal!! Do u
ahh missed the tweet
sad panda face =(
Could TV solve the glacial play on #PGATour by putting a press on the commish? i.e. we have scheduled programming, get it over with on time?
Gun shots to my dome jackers in my home Nothing to fancy just your average tombstone Im sorry that i chose the life under the curse
hey bud,can I get a copy of the photo of the meet greet?
it was so nice to meet and sip with you! Looking forward to rocking out at wine riot!
KP PR EVENTS & MARKETING would like to welcome Moro film productions.
I prefer Cinnamon Life, like CTC but less guilt.
We added to std 1: The info literate student is able to contextualize materials w regard to origin & other details of provenance.
It's 7:25 - GameDay is still telling me rain delay. What's the story? Help a girl with no YES Network out!
Today's K Atty tip: have a long #documentreview? Give your K attys a surprise raise to help sustain a positive attitude.
BTW for those looking for Hunger Games readalikes, I suggest Malorie Blackman's Noughts & Crosses series. Not identical, but akin, & good.
I cant keep my eyes focused i need my glasses :(
Please help me understand- why do so many people with very little disposable income spend it so haphazardly?
Good Morning!!! Its my Friday :)
I have a whole new appreciation for Benjamin Franklin after losing power last night...again. I <3 electricity
If you haven't seen the documentary Inside Job, please do! I learned so much about the what and how of this crisis!
oh i feel you
in other news, I'm Leigh Faith according to what I wrote on my last exam. I feel your pain now, strangers of the world.
Umm, can i watch Hustle & Flow without you two bitches talking through the movie?
Anniversary specials fri,sat,sun: $2 mochas,white mocha,lattes,chai...$1small coffee...$5 half pound flavored bulk coffee!!!!!!!!!!
If runners are looking for a team to join, where do they look?
Performing in riverside tomorrow! During service playing 2 songs and playing a full set in the cafe See you all there!
Pretty sure I have carpel tunnel in my hands...
What made you decide to go with that platform for your daily deals?
:: At the home of NFL prospect Kevin Zeitler. Phone rang during Bears "on the clock" period. Kid nearly had a heart attack. It was a friend.
I don't even need your love, now you're just somebody that I used to know
he tends to get around haha
Or I should say erotic writer?
students need encouragement more than instruction
The only guy a girl can depend on is her Daddy
<3 RT : Staying up late to read the preliminary program from that just arrived in my inbox.
Children today are tyrants. They contradict their parents, gobble their food, and tyrannize their teachers. ~Socrates
Sent. I gave you your own column for picks.
Happy birthday to one of my best friends!
working on #branding & client experience training videos all day, almost ready to jump into recording!
Forgot my glasses...
Hoes these days reckless
Woops. I TAKE THAT BACK.
Elite Fashion Academy LA is getting ready for its newest students!
"We are gonna get fucked up....I wanna come back in a body bag" -random guy on my floor... Uhm that's a lil too much for me
That angry moment when you're having an argument, and you realize you’re wrong. lol
Tweet Tweet! We're excited to get the conversation going on Twitter.
nothing makes my heart pitter-patter like the words "flash sale" from
human snot rocket
Out of main :((( didnt play very good and was unlucky today
Haha shaq and chuck crack me up!
I'm going to start a Video Blog. It's geared toward "dream chasers" and just the curious. If you have any questions/topics, pls send them.
and promotes a better digestive system in the child. Given the research on the digestive/nervous system connections, it really helps!
Hitsville is a beautiful work of art..
don't let her bother you, me & got your back! :)
That person that U put on hold and never tried to get back to my have had something life changing to say...
Thanks man.
The power of the P-U-S-S-Y That's why every mutha*ucka in the world dress fly...lmao
Smile like you mean it :3
I love the Lord.
Gorgeous day! The sun truly makes EVERYTHING better
#porncondomlaw "Its that damn porno that makes our kids have unprotected sex. Not the fact you can actually feel it. Cant be that"
Need to get my clothes from Philly. Been out Jersey suffering.
Couldn't agree with you more-- I am a sponsor of the #OPEN Act and oppose #SOPA strongly.
He he he. You have been drawn in by the lure of the twitter. You will never be the same.
“ "Hey Dirty, baby I got ya money dont ya worry I said hey" LOL I loved this song!”
RT “: I hate how spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent. -_-”. Lol
Ikr I accidently broke out in an English accent when speaking to a British man. He beileved my accent. Oh so gullible.
ughh worst day ever
I feel like I'm missing out on something. . . but I don't have any emails about it.
"behave" is such a subjective term...
Cold this morning AND downtown? Stop in at SCC-GA & say "hi" to Jen! Get yourself a Mint Meltaway to warm yourself up!
The rest of this weekend is gonna have to slow down
My phone going dead already
I don't give a shit. I'm about to loathe my timeline thanks to you
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you’re in darkness..
... but "expert" looking 2 wheels are given less clearance and treated more aggressively by car drivers.
Get rest b4 Euro tonite >RT : Doped up on nyquil...gota kick this cold! Bout to be K.O'd soon
i didn't, baby i was born this way. :'(
My favorite girl in Chicago got to meet my favorite Mexican actor today in LA. consumed with jealousy.
Stain Removal, Junk Removal, Spring Cleaning, Holiday decorations taken down, & Attic Cleanouts are all work we do!!!
goodmorniiing :) have an amazing day #mahomie ♥
TUS ✈ PHX ✈ LAS Heading to the city we call Lost Wages for a few fun, productive days with my teammates.
That awkward moment when it's 11 at night and you're doing the weird Nicki Minaj voice and your mom walks in...
lol it's k and thanks :)
If you need a knee surgeon, I can recommend a great one. 2.5 weeks after knee replacement and I walked half a mile yesterday.
Thanks . Love the company that I keep...especially you, my friend!
worcester vibes
Trojans great season !!
Thanks for the follows everyone! Sorry I haven't been tweeting lately! 1 more until I have 80 followers!!!!
father's mad at the world....because we're gonna be about 4 minutes late for something totally not important...cool bro.
hi Diane, thanks for following! Love your 2 (or 43) cents!
Always exceptions, but we have to start somewhere. Ignoring rules creates resentment against cyclists from motorists
I'm going to bake some cookies ☺ to make this day sweeter.
going to a kids NYE party. Kids will ring in at 6:30. I will be in bed when ball drops. Partying like its 1978!
Other than lazy eyes of course.
You know I have to come support you. Always.
Analytics company. Claiming your lead is lying about where they live, and then being wrong. lol, talk about shooting urself in the foot
The problem with being a Gemini (read: insane) is that I.want to have my cake, on sale,.frosted,.gourmet and delicious and still eat it too.
& I just won't with a grande cookie crumble frap at :)
i'm just so happy that i have some gain dish soap as of tonight. what a wonderful scent, i would wear a perfume made by them.
It'd be awesome if the opening day for the Mariners wasn't at 3 in the morning
It was so dank!:)
Newt just used the word demogogic for the second time tonite.
But also God of War (not for kids, but great) and ICO/Shadow of the Colossus if you haven't played.
“: Arian Foster is improving but didn't practice today. I'd list him as doubtful. No official word until Friday.”
Sometimes you just get tired of always putting on that fake smile. It gets old.
a bro
Sometimes you gotta run away, to see who will chase after you.
Computer officially died. What now? No money.
Offer stands, if you don't mind big dogs. I can also offer some Brewers picture-in-picture action.
Better throw would have got him
No attribution?
Why don't people know how to act? Lexington has turned into a war zone apparently.Stop flipping and burning cars. It's embarrassing to
Happy Mothers Day (: 😘💜
My mom is so rude.
Let us know when you figure it out -- our resident blogger is at the ready!
New roasts! Mocha Java, Fireside, Indian Malabar Monsoon, Ethiopian Harrar, Colombian Swiss Water Decaf, & White Coffee!
Hi zendaya huge fan
Hope for the best Expect the worse
We're giving away a KEURIG BREWER! Twitpic us a photo of you at our new St. Rose & Eastern location for your chance to win! No purchase nec.
Score! Dryer #9 gives 10 minutes per quarter instead of 6. I'm easily amused.
the pain of life is invisible & all scars are visible, all wounds will healed in due time & all wings will eventually get stronger in time.
opening day only 1 week away
his arm is not broke, just sprained and pulled muscles
As an added incentive Bartab will be in the house and hooking up patrons with $1 Soco Shots, Blue Moon Drafts using the Bartab app.
Did you check in to get the Indoor at Outdoor prices to try out our amazing Indoor Climate controlled Facility?
Guys can deff fake sex... Who ever told u other wise lied to u...
I hate Dexter Fowler but I hate him even more now that he hurt Tulo. GDI! My fantasy team is jinxed this year!
I know go see your dm lol
don't forget about me to lol my bday also on Mikey bday! So excited turning 13 also
A groundhog sees his shadow today and it's like a national holiday...I see my shadow today and think 'This body is not ready for Speedos.'
Not sure which scholars are taking this on, but to me what's fascinating is the power fans & consumers have over vg content.
It's so funny when some of the girls hate when Mexicans sit in their section... they just know most don't tip good at all!! Lol
RT "I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, #RestaurantWeek"
Being in Downtown Chicago makes you feel like a celebrity!
Your heart, it felt good. It was drippin' with pitch and made of wood.
Actual Proof: Black Boy Radio Album!! Pick it up !
Dear Chase bank: I'm calling about a fraudulent transaction; think it's a good time to upsell me on overdraft protection?
DM Would there be interested in a story about engaging curriculum capable of making a quantum leap in learning?
“Two roads diverged in a wood and I – I took the one less traveled by.” – Robert Frost
i have never seen #madagascar 1 or 2...
We'll be at the Melissa & Kaye's Memorial 5K this Saturday at 9am! Stop by NTC Park at Liberty Station for fun and a great cause.
thank ya, lady!
that's all you gotta do
Hiring new interns this week! Can't wait to get the ball rolling on Fall promotions!
All I know is everybody loves me.
Make sure to like me on FB for sched, updates and more! FB.MeghanYoga.com
Thanks for the update Carlee. Just waking up enjoying the morning. We all love Carlee. At least I do. For 3 reasons. HaHA
Playing Tonight @ 12th and Porter, Round Starts @ 8:30 PM after that Chase Rice and Florida Georgia Line!!!!! Come Check It Out!!!
Im from the underground, the sewers my souvenir
Whoever plays smarter will win the Norfolk St. game...34.9 ticks left!
Bam Margera got in trouble over the weekend outside the Hogs & Heifers Saloon. He like punched a cab driver or something.
Hey u kno i heard those asians make love with cows.....u kno most of them r farmers....
''The only reason why you get facebook likes,it's because your profile picture is looking whorish''lmao,that made me laugh.
It's all about the kids Jay. RT : Nice Tostitos logo on Stanford and OSU unis. I'm sure it's all for their own good.
There's so much #opportunity out here these days...Yet u still don't try 2get it
Don't tell me what to do mom, I'm marrying a pizza with or without your blessings !
this semester is...challenging to say the least. having a hard time balancing personal time, friends, school, and sleep. school is losing.
u and me both! Maybe u can convince him to take me out to eat!! That will do ! Lol
Your getting me mad .
I need to go fill out more job applications.
Fight boredom: Give yourself alternatives to eating.
Listening online.....(:
Ever gone on a date with a woman whose missing some of her teeth?
FUCK YES!! us too :)
I've wanted to see that.
In a bar with a lot of filmmakers. It's great to be back in my element.
Follow for exciting updates like: "Item 26-FY2012-13 Budget for the Parks and Recreation Department is presented."
I wanted to tweet about the great oranges I got at Eastern Market, but then I realized I was enjoying a Werther's Original and am OLD.
bob #LIE false statement
congrats!! Well deserved!! So Sexy!
I'm not a hero. I don't have super powers. I'm not a superwoman. I'm just like everybody else.
'Office's Jenna Fischer 'wants Pam, Jim to break out from their jobs' - Digital Spy
thanks for the follow! Look forward to meeting you at #DEMO12!
If you need me, I will be at #millerpark!!! Go #Brewers !
2 convince yourself 2 THINK you're playing it "SAFE" when it comes 2 life's decisions only ENDANGERS u MORE to the consequences of
OMFG him.<3 I think I've seen him somewhere ...
so does the dj. :-D Or as we call them "the kids".
I'm amazed at how many damn parody accounts are on twitter these days.
Thanks for the support. You are definitely going to get a first-round bye.
I wish they were. I haven't had the pleasure of diving off a piece of construction equipment while it's moving.
Where can I watch the Flyers game on U Street, DC people?
“: MIGHT HAVE TO GO CHECK OUT JAZZ ON THE AVENUE TONIGHT” I'm hearing it's just plain fun!!!
Continue affinity with alums by announcing longtime dean retirement through video announcement.
I feel bad that I barely come on here /:
I'm with you.
“: is david on twitter??” No idea, but I will see you NYE.
thanks for the #FF love, sweetie!
Good morning buddy.
Today Only! ...to celebrate the final day of the 1st Annual Delray Beach Festival that WIDSIX was a part of, I'm taking 20% off websites, se
Nahh she poking holes!! Lol RT : If a female has her own condoms y'all assume she a hoe?
please check out some exceprts and tell me I am wrong. I maybe way off base or biased but I don't see it.
Thanks for the follow!
Finally saw tatie
I so are!
Will do. He just defended his dissertation. Yesterday. Cave research sounds awesome. Can't wait to hear more.
great quote. You will always be poor if your not grateful for what you have now.
Holy shit learning new dance moves w/fierce black gay boys on belmont. Now on my way to greektown
When a book ends just the way you want it to >
lick a dick a day
Clark Kent as Don Draper? My head is spinning with the possibilities.
kids smoking pot on the top of the stairs at holden and 20th ave sw, tried calling nonemergency contact but no answer
Playing wsop $1100 tourney in west palm today. Went on massive heater at starting table and already have 43k at 1-200 25 ante.
gone let it out
Prop 8 backers have standing to defend the initiative, at least under California law
Praying for you this weekend. Your faith and hard work is paying off. Do your thing and go get your "coins".
You guy are my all time favorite band all of your songs are fantastic hope you'll be coming to Chicago sometime soon
EXPERT OPINIONS NEEDED desperately: How Sustainable is Nuclear Power for Rural Colorado? Please weigh in, NOW!
That's right, I called you guise Muggles~ But I love all of yew~
Im so appalled, i might buy the mall , just to show yall how much more i have in store.......
If you're starting early with not eating meat, you can come have our baked four cheese Mac.
Right on,
that sounds like a perfect place to celebrate!
Not a Madonna fan !
Everyone has their mysterious side, which can only be discovered by people who are close enough to them.
I have an itch to start watching #GilmoreGirls again!
u r up early today!?
"always disrespected plus i'm not well connected" ... "swagger not impressive, man i'd love a necklace"
I don't think I've ever tweeted with you :( where are you from? Lol
you know I got you
How pissed is T.O. that Randy Moss can get a tryout, but 81 can't?
in Rockville and know what "no salt" means! Finally some good food.
TONIGGGHHHHHYTTTTTTT WE ARE YOUNG~~
hating ass nigga
absolutely joining you. lifting her up right now.
after 5 consecutive k's, who wouldn't have seen that coming?!?!??
Thank you for all you do! :O)
NEVER worth my time I feel
L.O.V.E IS SCARYY
*smiles* I am great
sweet! Want to meet at the Starbucks on penn & memorial @ 7 or so? Checked out your vids. They're hilarious! Great job dude!
Thks. That's right! We are giving full scholarships to 100 low-income people. Org scholarships are also available.
I should probably teach myself how to be a Facebook Developer
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Twisting Holiday Balloons!
THANK U I JUST WANT HIM BETTER AND AT HOME
Dr Lupo is pleased to welcome Dr Christin Hurt to the practice. Dr Hurt is from Garston Ala and is the proud mother of James born July 5th.
Shooting was great my last day on GABRIEL. Now, I'm looking for the next gig. Any ideas?
It's so beautiful outside that I should really take advantage of it but I'm just enjoying the peace and quiet right now.
cattin ass nigga Smh “: He begging....told yall I was gone make him beg”
BTW your understanding of commodity markets gets your usual failing grade # flsen
Well the #Lakers will now definitely have World Peace for all of the WC semis
#tedxhuntsville great opening even though it was not planned.
the high powered Patriots offense is on the board
You guys are too much fun hehe :) Please tell Mrs. TribLocalPat I said hello. Happy early bday! Enjoy!
I'll finish watching The Vow tomorrow.. I'm so tired
Ok, now people are following me...guess I'll have to start tweeting!
Good Q - where are we going if our culture is spending so much time on "fun".. while China is busy developing engineers?
I'll bite....I'll follow the ' vator. No longer a 0-0-0 on the Twitter home page.
I think we're on to something!!!
We're back in now! Electrical fire, evidently.
South park time!!!!
sorry. Crashed like a ton of bricks :) Brian.r.hough at gmail works for me. Thanks again!
#endthefed <<<< get this book by
Wow ! love this RT I choose not to entertain ignorance. It lives of response and dies with silence™
same here. i'll work on it
Ain't even sleepy no more..
Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of
In line for Bruce Springsteen at the HP Pavillion in San Jose!
Having a giggle with face-to-face! Yay for Wisconsin visitors!
So loud :(
#brooklynhalf check...humid as heck but well worth it!
"The chastisement for our peace was upon Him, And by His stripes we are healed." Isaiah 53:5
Q7 where the wild things are is the first book i remember getting and loving as a child #libchat :(
Long weekends always go by so fast!
I hate bandwagon fans.
I loved that book. Has it been banned from all decent society? I haven't seen it in so long.
RT : Aw...what can I say, love you guys! #clarkcsmcansaveyourday // LOVE that hashtag, maybe it'll trend?
I love you so much :)
Girls are sitting at the dinning room table, each with a laptop chatting away like crazy...so nice to have them all here at once.
such a dumb end! I loved the first one and now I'm pissed
The moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better then them
maybe we should mandate martial arts classes, as you have to learn how to tie a belt there.
never allow anyone to drag you so low as to make you hate, for hate destroys finally the hater.
retweets weren't enough, wanted to offer direct congrats as well. Great group of investors you landed there.
is having a 6 flight wine tasting or only $6 tonight fom 7-9p.m.
Everyone has that one friend that is TERRIBLE at Draw Something.
“: "I BEEZ in the trap but i don't LIVES in the trap" lol I'm going home to my king size bed and food in the fridge, yo!
yeah, just to see how to put on make up because I don't know how, lol. yes :) <3 that another month o: what? ♥
Shower, pj`s then playing guitar. . .thats just simply great
Can't wait for House Republicans to investigate #ozzieguillen too...been a while since they tried their hands at politics of division in Fla
Thx for adding me
Wow. Its Thursday all ready.
Thank you to for quick help with a license question!
OMGOMG me me me me !!! ME
Enjoying private show from and The Living Room Sessions
the Jefferson Dancers have just given a stunning performance and tribute dance... Come Join US!!!
use it haaha
Chamomile calms allergies! It's flavonoids act like antihistamines, especially if you drink daily. -Journal of Ethnopharmacology.
I hope you are getting us some video contestants!! We hope to see you later today.
Big GREEN plans this weekend for #EarthDay? Looking forward to hearing more about home-grown eco-zibit, "Green Revolution."
Did I know? used to work 4 a famous child molesting clown.
Say what?
are u the first one rapping
I want some of that food I make last nite
wrote it but we both thought of what to say :)
Adrian Gonzalez
Former George Rogers Clark standout Vinny Zollo granted his release from WKU. ...
She said I gotta calm down on my perverted comments, I told her I say what people scared to say and thats honest!
Do us proud, RED!
One of my faves - another one I love that I forgot.
A granola just asked why I drive a gas guzzling SUV. Told her it's to pull my gas guzzling boat.
#SaySomethin IS AMAZING .. IT'S PURE PERFECTION , I LOVED IT <3 #SOPROUD Of How Far You've Come (;
Retweet if you like Uconn Basketball!!!
I'm so sick of being so nice and I still get treated like shit ! It isn't right . But you'll learn when I walk out your for good .
I was about to tell you the truth, good thing I didn't. I have no idea how you would've reacted.
We always scoin
Same paper, two headlines: "Greenland Glaciers Speed Up and Swell Rising Seas" and "Greenland's Ice Melting More Slowly Than Expected."
Headache, stomach hurts, lazy day. Today isnt my day
I recently learned to keep Kleenex in your purse so you don’t have to use a clean diaper to wipe your running nose during a sad movie.
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam ~ Winston Churchill
Just won tix to from which means we have a delicious weekend in our future!
yeahh been had one
#Denver is fucking beat
can't wait no previews
50 cent natty lights at Crazy Lils until 101
#incaseyoudidntknow i hate birds with the sickest passion, they scare me.
pls ask how he plans 2 put America back 2 work
Every time I look into my rear-view mirror, all I see are faces...
I don't disagree w/you re: Klout. Very different than the first rule of Fight Club, which is not to talk about Fight Club...
If only creeped up on me, THIS VERY SECOND . . . hmm.
Cashing in my pay check after school!
meant hay but Ur welcome gay brother
#priorities. RT : I need Chapstick and an attitude adjustment.
I just wish esquire or GQ could do ONE more article on jeans. A three page spread per issue on pants seems low.
about to change my twitcon
When will you follow me? ;)
Holy crap, I slammed like 6 of those jammers last night. I can't handle how good it is!
Have you started your holiday shopping? Give the gift of Daily Grill! For every $50 in gift cards you purchase you’ll receive an extra...
Have you reached out to someone and shown appreciation for them today? What you send out is what you get back!
I admire your courage in speaking up. You did the right thing.
my brain hurts
In my best Yoda voice: Blessed, I be!
Awesome detour to Michigan Lake!!
HERES TO ALL Its funny how; The one person you'd take a bullet for...Tends to always be the one behind the gun.
DVD Review: Hey Arnold! (Season 2, Part 1) - Inside Pulse
I hate when I sleep over somebodys house and I'm the first one to wake up .
Wine tasting at my clients amazing winery #Qupewinery! Great day for to taste amazing wine, minus the allergies.
Let's do this.
WATCH NOW: vs #CentralMichigan with SL TV online and Comcast Indiana 81 ... Also live in Michigan with Comcast ... Tweet us!
but i don't think it matters cause like dia is doing well from last year, ceelo will do something with her i'm sure
[con't]...Gianfranco Grande, and bouncing back from financial problems with Len Shankmen from Emerald Cty Thtr! Exciting stuff!
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
It's sad that I can't, in good faith, promise people I will never lick their face.
It's always such a great class!
u reworded my words
u hae a question. how exactly does a person get signed to a label like this
hit the club like where was all the hoes at?in a lil change you gon’
I'm loving how the are looking right now with and Boris Diaw.
About to meet my boy TYG we gettin it in...we shininnnnnn
you ain't about it i'll take you out!
i don't even know how i'm going to get everything done before school
What happened?
Pizza Rolls >>>
If you haven't already, subscribe to the We Are Bitter Sober youtube channel: www.youtube.com/user/wearebittersober
Just an early heads up: We'll be closed May 26, 27, & 28!
who fought?
take your business idea and run with it! ideawf.com
Thanks for the #FF love!
No question that we have a new champ.
Your best features is:
#stm2012 example of big data in scientific discovery: large hadron collider; have a very structured data plan
goin to least 5 out of the homestand depending on my check tomorrow
I hate to be the bear of bad news, but I am going to win the Mega Millions tonight! So that means we can but more salvage to sell!
Again the question: "Who should own social media in an organization?" and again I say "everyone - hence the term 'social'."
Let's make this last foreverr
ROFLMAO!!! I saw her name pop up last night, somebody said for
Keep it up #USA!
they spend all day dicking around on social networks instead of fixing their crap.
... Other fans yelled with you " let's go clippers lets go" or you rather yell by yourself while the other fans just clap?
Both of our students auditioning made it into the Grammy award winning Performing Arts High School, Las Vegas Academy.
Lunching on Lemonheads.
like whoa.
Tell that it's turkey chorizo and he freaks out. Tell him it's turkey sausage with taco seasoning and he thinks it's yummy.
RT : An idea unrecorded is an idea often lost. Zig Ziglar
Great to meet you at the event last night Matt! Talk to you soon! :-)
Going to walk my daughter to school. Great to enjoy the morning air. Lets start the day right.
this song is going to be like 10 min long cause of this speech im putting in it.
Its been a minute! School had been getting the best of me-- almost through finals, thanks goodness!
Apparently there was a very intense soccer game that was just on...my parents and little brother are all in tears O_____o
Your tweets about #expeditionhewitt are so poignant! #middleschool division head rocks!
Happy 235th Birthday, America!
I thought it felt hot outside yesterday while doing yardwork. Then today I find out it was 105 pinche degrees. ¡QLC!
Style come with excellence and money make benevolence, Irrelevant for the fuckers who never been intelligent
Miami needs to step up
aim to get 25% of your calories from protein (if you eat 2,000 calories a day, that's 500 from protein)
Oh you
I simply cannot catch a break today.
Yea!!!!!! Doumit bitches!
Stressed. Walked to the store to get cigarettes after four weeks smoke-free. Got to the front door. Forgot my wallet.
yep going to be a big year for Sly
Rod #Blagojevich is now in prison
“: We're excited about using behavioral science and technology to facilitate communication.”
yayyy Alexis might be coming back<3
I think my head just exploded
yeahh. Maybe. We'll see (x
The Avengers with !
MT : Opposition to urban density means opposing transit, walkability, affordability, climate action, sustainability+ health.
Mike Posner tonight !! My guest list is filling up quick!!!!
Haven't been tweeting as much as I had planned at #AERA2012... So much going on; so little time to tweet.
Not happy with #costumealibi for not deelviering my Peter Griffin mask in time. Sure glad I dropped the extra $10 to get it in time.
Let's do this!!
Miss me when I'm gone, but take advantage of me when I'm around? Fuck you.
Now I'm oficially goin' to bed testing tomarrow need sleep
we'll see. It might work out.
That'd make sense.
R U drinking iced tea in summer? It has caffeine, which can make u feel bloated
Hey folks, glad to be following back! Hope all is well across the seas!
just wanted to say happy birthday before it's over I hope u had a great one and I heard u were turnin 32 please you look like 25
Better man up Russ, because she ain't getting a green card from me, provided you didn;t have to renounce US status :P
just nominated someone for the Perfect Recipe: The Republic Square Fellowship - who are you recommending?
Eleven years. Hmm...sounds like what happened with Charlaine Harris. That's how long it took her.
No you pose to keep the money
Woke up to another great day
We have a contest going on right now on our fb page- simply write a fan review to enter to win a $50 gift card! Random drawing is on Wed.
Headed to the Flogging Molly show in Denver. If you see a guy stumbling around naked, wrapped in nothing but the Irish flag, come say hey.
Burning the midnight oil, finishing up some tshirt designs for Hawaii For Jesus &
(Celebrities) Share With Friends: | | Top News - Celebrities Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
What is that jenna? High school hahaa
we cant wait for the puppies either!
I don't blame Barajas for getting tossed. He's been around long enough to know that the 0-2 pitch was a strike.
my sister died, so this was my wake up call. I hope this wasn't how you 'got it'. <hugs>
has pretty eyes :) !
Q8 inherited libthing catalog for my library but plan to migrate away from it this year since it doesnt have enough functionality
i'm looking at people i used to know just settling. i refuse to settle, not until i establish myself. sorry (but not really).
Now double your money and make it stack
thanks for the favorite!
Lmao it sure does o_O RT : lol that soundz like a relationship to me there you go B
that looks SO wrong :/
In other news WATSON to ASIK. #Bulls clinging to one-point lead with seven seconds left.
More time than money
Aw I work at dominicks.
WOOW. Ive been looking at other #arianators followers and the have an average of 3,000! You go #arianators!! Good for you <3 :)
I thank the Lord above for all the blessings he has granted me with this year in life! Especially my beautiful GF I love you!!
I see a Snickers commercial coming out of this.. RT : congregational meeting...still going strong. I should have brought a snickers.
And another: Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use. Charles M. Schulz
I wish I was living back In the day when there was less gays, less violence, better music and when people just be who they are.
I feel that it's going to be Colton. I dunno.
Standing by Dave Navarro at the RollingStone party. Janes Addiction, holy shit!
Jonez best bet of the day: Montana +$350 vs Wisconsin.
Happy Digital Learning Day #DLDay. What are you dong in your library today?
#ff YEAH That goes for a big WHO O P T' lol
ah the price of "free"
Caleb, Thalia, Julius & u guys. Something for everyone. End of May. Plus lots b4 then. Will let u know. Wld LOVE to see those kids!
Santana the great how's it going this morning gym shoe, home skillet
shout out to , the cookout was really nice!
Putting sunscreen on certain parts of your body because your skin tone is uneven
To truly know the world, look deeply within your own being; to truly know yourself, take real interest in the world.~Rudolf Steiner
Sad to see legislators like , , and leave. We need more reasonable people like them serving in the
tweeting from the moonbase
I miss the sunshine!
U got the s**t that someone would look for but can't find !!!!!!
that was a pretty big shock the day you walked in w no beard I didn't even know it was you!!
I wish people looked like their personalities.
Wow, that is a mess! Curious to see how it affects beer connoisseurs' beverage decision making...
Y did my uncle Just pop in a tape in his radio ??????
how are ya Chad, should have that dvd to you late August!
Judging by your profile, I think you will enjoy #TheNightCircus. Persuasion by Jane Austen is an oft-overlooked goodie.
I have been charged with livetweeting the comments of my profs from ENGL 3830. I'll do my best.
are we ever going to subscribe to podcasts through Zune on our xbox?
My avi shows my dream school and dream girl
I don't know why you get an email confirming your un-subscription.
Anyone going to see at / Turner on Thursday night?
Half price tickets to see Jon Faddis!Offer valid Wed, April 25th & Thur, April 26th, the 10PM shows only.Get tickets online, use code “BATW”
screamin my name
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and all the b/c they inspire me to do what I love and are my heros 😘
thanks and glad you enjoyed it!
I feel like 65% of white girls have finger toes.
Brewers announcer Brian Anderson is in St. Louis today. He is announcing the Cardinals / Braves game on TBS.
Had a good night :)
well who doesn't like their home teams? thats just dumb!
Posting under the table from your date?
"On a scale from one to Chris Brown, how pissed off is he?"
beeker is so egotistical he's always me me me...
Woohoo! See you then Diane :)
you asking for all these sketchy ass motha fuckas to call you and just sit there an breathe deeply into the phone lol
wat goes around comes around
Yey! Our students work with local non profits to create new, original digital media. We'll keep you in the loop!
its such a beautiful day outside, i believe i will celebrate by doing nothing out by the pool!! :)
Getting ready to sport the jersey in the #Fowler tourney... #beer and #curling ... What could go wrong?
How about , St. John's Booksellers, Annie Blooms, Broadway Books?
I hate girls lol
You hate that I smoke but ur the reason why I get high.
morning GORGEOUS
Let's go, beat OSU
I want shout outs lol :p
Currently, students are enjoying their incentive movie. They earned the movie if they had less than 3 missing assignments or refocuses.
what are you making for them?
For the love of Pete 8th grade gym teachers, why, oh why do you torture the children with dance at the end if the year.
Look out for these clowns, biting your style
word up
Thank you, dearest Holly--just wish we'd had more time together at the conference!! xoxo
I have my Honors Banquet at 5:00 so I can talk:) Whats up guys??:]
A hundred mfers couldn't tell me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
Out and about with my brother hope he take me shopping :)
So I just cracked this dudes back windshield with a rock cause him and his friends wanted to be dumb. Not even sorry either lol
Listen.i cant follow more people till more follow me. Help a man out.
follow me punk
I refuse to be anyone but me!
That look on a student's face when you present something in class that touches her heart....
I just got an email from He may have been proposing. I'm not sure. But the answer is yes.
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
Yeaah. i followed.
followed :P
yes! Do you have any? I get 5 minutes :)
Am I that old? RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: , and
Kris Humphries says he's a positive thinker. And thanks to Kim Kardashian, he's now a positive tester.
I once had a Spanish teacher who made us practice reading English aloud accord to Spanish orthography rules. (eg /rroolays/)
Is that sarcasm I detect?
oh hell no! Get that ish off my timeline!!
for whatever reason I feel that deepdown, the Katz benching is not an on the field issue, rather a Riley trust-and-taste issue
Watching Signing Time DVDs because i'm bored........
Good Morning! Remember to turn negatives into positives. Focus and let the bigger picture develop.
Just Tweeted Justin 100 times hopefully he reads one of them
RT : on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up in support of Lung Association
thanks Netflix
...And we're back...! Brace yourself 2012. Here we come!
Been up since 4:30am. Have a cold, already went to CVS for meds and McD's for tea. In office before 7am. Lights off, no one else here. Fml.
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) SEE ME
Happy New Year to you! May 2012 be a fantastic year.
what kind of shit.
don't do what???
A HS student went out of her way for a prom proposal- she put cups in a fence along a Mass. Pike overpass to spell out the msg
That slow motion shot of Rod running down the first base line was ... Uh, not flattering. To say the least.
Portland for 3 days? Yeah, i'm okay with this.
Lol I told you.
My prayers are being answered!!!
Was in the "Microsoft Store" in Scottsdale. Finally a place where you can buy Microsoft products.
Messiah "sing-in" tonight in Mason, OH with !
oh goodness. that doesn't sound awesome.
Me too! It would be fun to go!
~ Sober girls around me are actin like they're drunk
Great question since there r already plans n the works 4 a completely new/renovated Rupp which surely include new locker rooms.
I just hope & pray people don't come at Jolly w all kinds of proposals. He needs to concentrate on recovery right now
It's always such a fun day, we're excited too! RT It will be a great time! I'm really excited
you are a goddess.
#IHateWhen the days go by slowly #hurry :(
my grandad is buying me a camera.....like the one he got.... YES!!!!!!!!! sings "all my life i prayed 4 something like u" lol
You would have gotten free tuition? At Western you get a 4.0 for the semester, but they were getting that money.
Hilarious! At Panera & place is packed bc nobody has power. Man brought power strip & woman just bought it off him so we can all stay juiced
Is anyone interested our knows of anyone interested on picking up a GSO turn today Duty In at 2..trying to get to work all flights delayed
I just can't help loving my logo.. LOVES IT!
like you didn't enjoy the ride.
Off to portrait session 1 of many this week! :D
Prosecutor asking for 20yr Prison Sentence
It's like an Erdős number, only different.
is your name Benjamin ? Is your name Franklin ?
Tomorrow, April 1, is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking!33 years I smoked! Now clean for 1 solid year!YEAH!!
No joke, my friend. He's producing a reboot and is attached to star as of now.
Agree! RT : T4: I think it's easier to speak on a panel. Others are there to back you up or supplement the topic.
sharing how sponsorship supports who says he couldn't train without it
saw Adam in bmore. Good episode. Makes me want to drive up 95 and visit!
you do the fullest
What up Houston!
thank u storm for knocking out the power....
Oh art history is digital technology REALLY such a problem, you've been OBSESSED with slides for years, is it SO hard to move on?
- takes one to know one. :-)
NOBODY TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED ON GLEE!!!!!!!!!!! I fell asleep half way through the first episode during a commercial:/
Tweets will be added soon
Thanks Matt! Dig your local mix, btw...
Have I told y'all lately about ? He's great!
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? ~ Vince Lombardi
Tempted to decrease, increase, or fudge a number? Bring value & always win. Lie & your reputation is lost.
Nice play by Jake Ryan!!
Thanks for the RT! How's your Monday going?
i'm being stalked ! & i know it . i'm calling the police next time.
watching enjoy wearing his hooters gear just a little too much
good man, thanks for asking. The baby is due June 12. I coach little league baseball and it's just been nonstop.how about you?
History was made today: attended the Mariners' game & saw my hometown White Sox pull off a perfect game. And met new friends: a perfect day!
Both are great, as long as you are investing in yourself. However, online education is very helpful for busy people!
haha I'll drink one for ya!
Avery Bradley in lots of pain with his shoulder, goes straight to the locker room.
Im not rich but I live for this.
Totally thought this Sunday was Mother's Day. I was British for a second there.
has the Brewers game on all screens tonight Game time specials $2.00 PBR's tall boys, $2.00 miller lites and schlitz.
how was I inlove with her?
Goodmorning twitterworld! I'm so high right now and it aint off weed; a schoolgirl with butterflies. Its been a long time and I welcome it♥!
Hey isaiah lewis, montee ball says hi!
where you at in the clutch Kobe? Mavs are about to get the sweep
fool where were you !
Ball so hard
i need to see if Xfinity will have it...they better!!! :)
VIP section in the church?
Today is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be.
stop the looking through your fingers. You look stupid.
How's Clara? Playing funky bass too?
is gonna give me 10$ to come tomorrow
Bogus Ad: "Mayor Barrett you said this election is about jobs" After Today's Job #s Scoots, Damn Straight...Damn Straight IT IS!
I am so torn between a WAC happy hour on Wed and the LOFT opening party. Conundrums.
I vote (Cap Hill), (Beacon Hill) and (Ballard - too far?). Where else?
i hate it when someone copies my tweet
im good thanks luv just being busy as usual. How about you?
between linkedin and facebook, you'd think that tech was the only industry that mattered in the US right now
i do understand that
Mother's Day BBQ with my second fam.... yum!
Can't the world tell that I'm just NOT interested in ANYONE right now ;__; I just need my baby to come back home.
Packers get back 4 Christmas. Let's hope Clifton, , & Pickett give them belated gifts w playoff returns.
you don't have kids to feed. You got it kush fool
Merry Christmas twitter!!!!
Man.....Bill Russell is one of the most overrated NBA players ever
bahahahaha. It might be a little odd for me to have a poster on my wall. Who knows what my parents would say. Lol
i heard you're doin you, you heard i'm doin better
Welcome our newest Bearcat recruit, !! We're excited to have you!!
Gosh darn it! I should pay attention to the weather! Just flashed everybody my bum in ! Stupid wind!
Just living isn't sufficient. One must have sunshine, freedom, plus a little flower.
There are three good games in week 1 of the 2012 season. The rest are duds.
Great talk by at #tcamp12 on power of
Ladies get Your Hair conditioned, Blown OUt & Styled for this weekend only $30! 702-823-4800. Men Get a Cut & Shampoo for $20
Think quality #PR or #design services are too expensive? Consider the costs of skimping or going without.
Nuggs need to push the pace & go for broke to get back in this game
I'm good thanks
& did it screw #robertgriffinIII draft pos? did it lower rams prospects 4 bountiful draft via trading pick.
All THATcampers should get desert at Franklin Fountain. You will not be sorry.
I love but he never notices me, Oh well there's alot of people that dont notice me but #LifeIsLife so we all gotta deal with it!
We'll get you next time! But we're doing that bourguignon I just posted, and we may be doing something awesome for dinner too!
Happy Saturday. Cheers!
Tired of tollation? Call your state representative and let them know that new toll rate increases on turnpike are wrong.
welcome to parenthood :)
Watched World Series while culling Bloglines feeds before export. Again tonight. Nov 1 deadline.
Looking fwd to our all AMB mtgs this WED and THURS, as well as getting new ambs at the end of this wk. Be safe out there in the ice!
Why do wierd lookin girls have big asses... I want a big ass!
bs why would the year of our lord be when he was 4?
What happened?
Note to self: watch how close the chipotle rub is before taking a deep breath *cough*wince*
I'm a Peets girl, myself. There's one in Hillcrest.
Doctors taking your money just bc they can...do you not make enough already?
Si! Via con margarita!
Finally started Freakonomics.
ESPN or NFL Network?
same to you. I really appreciate you taking the time to talk with us. Have a great night. Go
I feel you. Lol RT : I'm single chasing a dream
Happy Birthday, John Lennon.
This fool needs to stop looking at me. I hate nosy people.
This weekend has been absolutely amazing..
Well at least I have him to cheer me up. ;*
Now I'm watching Horrible Bosses
In Q+A: Pratt on trouble proving '1 drop' of Indian blood: blacks' other ancestries erased by law, which constructed them as 'negro'
Aww-!! Have a great time Laurel-! Hartland for the day to help get ready for prom!
Thank you much!
follow the account i actuallu use. or
Police have arrested a 16 year old male in connection of the attack of 2 reporters
sounds a lot easier to dip in syrup and put on after, otherwise you'll end up with Funfetti!
that awkward moment when you look outside your window and see someone run out of your driveway and get in a car.....WTF.
thank you =)
It's already noon?? It feels like 11.
How did you do at #CMM?
Isn't it discrimination if a landlord won't even let you look at an apartment because she's "looking to rent to someone older"?
Easter Treat: 10% off all your Family Rentals the entire month of April. Just give us a call! How can we help?
RT Eating an orange at Apple. Well this is awkward. He's the top banana. Guess he can eat what he wants...
wait what
green with envy, sir lol
we will just have to wait and see (;
Woo hoo! The silent auction raised over $1000 for !!! Way to go Seattle!
curious why you need to fundraise. Given flannel's success, sales, licensing, how is it you're unable to bear production cost?
i'm home! i'm home! i'm home! i'm home! i'm home! #kissingthegroundinypsi :)
That's a foul on the other end! Wtf!
Check out This is my favorite vegan blog, iphone app, & cookbook ever!!
digg: The amazing story o… | The Party Crasher – In The News
Anytime lady!
C'mon, parents. Let your kids drink real milk, none of this soy silliness. Unless there are allergies in play, of course.
why is it stressful? :c
RT : I just signed up for my first ever banjo class. Way to go, Janeen!
Hanging out with listening to rough mixes Can't wait for the record to be complete!
#FF shining shutterbugs
Alisha, love, depth, loyalty, and faithfulness
i really dont care at this point lol i stopped waqtching like forwever ago
We are half way through October, that means we are almost to Halloween! Tell us what you are going to dress up as this year!
Gonna have a house guest these weekends .... Can you ever be to nice?!
#retweet ~> : To the #moms Happy Morhers Day!
what do you think about chad?
I can't beathe right now. The worst directionator in my school got One Direction tickets for the show in 6 days. I'm about to cry.
Arastu's realization. Skid row exists but it doesn't have to
Glad you notice :) RT : Kinda cool to hear the diversity of ur audience with each topic.
how ironic because that's what his head looks like now
Too much pressure on D Howard
Sounds delicious! Great picture :)
So happy! Just found out I got a job at Apple! Next semester is gonna be wonderful.
Dear : If you don’t have time to write new stuff for your show, and have to resort to reading NYT editorials, at least say so…
Its okay! :D
we'll see if u think about when the garlic kicks in lol
#GoodNight Sweet Dreams or Beautiful Nightmares #Work in the a.m.
I've probably already made more Google+ faux pas than when I mistakenly "poked" everyone I knew upon joining FB in college. #Google+
Uhh yeah uhh. YOU SUCK... Yankees all motherfucking day 😍😘
Please help!! I can't stop watching!!
Finally out the dungeon!!
you are so sexy :3
true love can last a lifetime!
What sort of clothes would those be? RT : Matloff: don't wear clothes that mark you as press… You'll make yourself a target.
u not following me yet mama!
Beavis and Butt-head back soon. Priceless!
Y'all go checc out #CSARADiO !! New music from me
#30RockLive was freaking amazing. I love: Jon Hamm; ; ; Tina Fey; Jon Hamm again. And AMY POEHLER.
“: Paul having a terrible series”--Why don't you give credit the Spurs for him playing bad? Be honest!
Rangers vs Caps? Lakers vs Nuggets? Heavenly.
Broke up via Text. Im lame but he shoulda picked up. F-it. I wasnt boutta keep waiting on change.
Seriously, Cubs. You brought in a Pirates pitcher. What did you think was going to happen?
“A healthy attitude is contagious but don’t wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.” -Tom Stoppard
i cannot get enough of #AnglesAndGentelmen thanks for giving me the best songs in the world!!!!!
it will have it's was with you, -.- oh god wouldn't that be a sight to see
Could see wind gusts to ~30mph as remnants from today's storms move through #Madison area. Lone Rock reporting 25mph gust.
Thx for bringing the great weather too.
RT : All fish fry features are served with coleslaw and a pretzel roll and a choice of chips or French fries.
another successful Italian Easter feast. Off to Midtown with to burn off some of these calories.
Just might be. I was pondering getting out for the Saturday bill at already.
RT NO SHARK TANK 2night! We r moving to PRIMETIME BABY! New episode airs TUES,29TH,8PM! Rght B4 Dancing Wit the Stars!(via )
Is it really tremendous?
Its so hot in my roomm.. Im melting.
#Raleigh #fashion peeps where is your favorite place for #fashionshows in town?
congrats on the new iPhone! Welcome to the family :)
Gwyneth acting like presenting in front of a camera is awkward doesn't read right.
The Legend Of Korra 💗
so sick :(
haha yes! Punching a bag helps lol
I agree
$49 monthly group class membership: Come try yoga, mat pilates, cardio or kickboxing classes all month long for $49!!!
Don't be afraid to tell contractors to fix mistakes And don't pay extra for their mistakes U will be unhappy if U don't!!!
"ok, everybody hump!"
I make friends but tell me who can i trust?
Africa In April Prolly Gtta C Wats Up Doe
lol yes sir....
Ahh I love it!!
I prefer having a relationship with a virgin because I can teach them how to do everything right, where as sluts pick up bad habits, & STDs.
my hair is shorter now
have you tried? If not, do with a fox in a box or a mouse in ago use. No worries, It's beer destiny
Masterful! RT : I love this... Don't feel like I can describe it in a tweet without a piano riff
Religious note: God was not created in your image!! Nor does He think like you!!
I'm going to play some UMVC3 with my friend today and hopefully learn how to use pheonix wright.
Horny baby!! Wanna fuck u right now!!!
Today's spot start is Charlie Morton vs Houston #fantasybaseball majorleaguesportstalk.com
going to Miami Beach tomorrow in school time (:
RT: Gonna be too faded tonight tho..
Whoa. is going downhill. My bill is wrong (again) second month in a row. I can't see any itemized billing online.
40 min! $40 man what I a day with Rachel ray
Heartbroken right now... Suicide is NEVER the answer! Don't make permanent decisions about temporary problems. This too shall pass!
Tonights tweets were inspired by a little Marvin Gaye and Chardonay.
EST, FYI.
was going to buy a copy of 'The Power of Positive Thinking', and then I thought, what good would that do?
Obama just reminded everyone that Warren Buffet's secretary has a higher rate of prostate cancer than he does.
POLO!!! Good afternoon sir!": Good afternoon my people!"
ah ya! Don't forget .rod laver!
Rickie Weeks missed a third straight start Monday against the Mets because of a hand/wrist injury
built him up so much before he got his shot.not enough memorable moments involving him. he was here for a cupacoffee
I got it for ps3. Good game. But not great. NBA2k12, However is the game Im addicted to right now.
Sure! Not a problem! (I apologize in advance for my super messy SUV...please forgive.)
Some say: Obama is the poster child for failed policy. ,)
yes that's the key. Managing client expectations early on & knowing how to best do that for them and what that comm. looks like
Today was a great day :)
hey who wuldnt do that wen gives u a freakin hug.
apologies if you received an email from me announcing a new post. my blog is being an asshole. a new post will be up tomorrow, promise.
KG playing young in the playoffs.
Oh no! But they'll forgive you.
It's a Distraction Free Friday! RT if you'll put the device aside and focus on the drive today.
Last night was fun! Thanks for coming out!
XOXOXO, hope you ladies are having an amazing weekend. XOXO to you and your families.
Controversy over Trayvon&#39;s killing brings back memories for Rodney King
What is ? Sounds interesting. Love your logo.
I have been hacked. I apologize!
Hello! How r u?
You know you had fun when you cant tell your parents what you did # my crazy nightz ;)
Omg i found i love this man!! :)
Come out and support our amazing residents Twin Flamez and DimZynn!!!!
#np Mercy (Freestyle)
BALLOON UPDATE: No Rush Hour Race this morning due to rain. Stay tuned for possible afternoon launch.
please follow me ?
Fly-y-y-y, with no feathers
hey babe follow me
Play me on my user is alexisjansen
Yeah! I'm so stoked for it! It's tomorrow
OK. It seems if we had 5-6, each group could get a good block of time and the quality of dialogue would be high.
Grossed out my grandma is watching the t v show infested! !!:(
Hey Monday, Bring it!
Not in the mood for anything .Sleepy time .
#prowrestling #NewOrleans ... 10/26/83, the Junkyard Dog defeated Butch Reed in Shreveport to win his 4th and final North American title.
Visiting is on my list for today! She's my personal little ray of sunshine :)
Hey, , if you build a location in Geist, I swear I'll never order Papa John's again.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will land among the stars. -Les Brown
Okay. But suggest you don't want to debate nuance on issues like this. All I saw was Adobe using women as marketing eye candy. Duh.
We prefer to think of it as a firing squad, thank you very much. RT : Orioles are forming a group to conduct the GM interviews.
u better do somethin cuz I got my lady
oh lord, what even. XD
RT : What is music? Is it not that which speaks to ones soul? Boxes are meant to be stepped out of, even in music
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. ~Maya Angelou
What happens when people don't remember who you are ?? should I kill them ??
watching spain... on the road again. who doesn't love Claudio Bassols?
Athens, GA? RT : Has anyone thought about asking Jimmy Carter to go to Athens and mediate?
Bernied in the lunch room
this convo is making me feel better!
I love how the first thing my best friend tells me when I get back to school after 4 weeks is "Youve been replaced"
bring me some! (:
qpr fans should tar & feather him
Work later on
This day blows already.
you was like who the fuck are? I though was mad.
Remember that you are dust. A blessed #Lent to all.
wait.anyway who said that
If You Ain't Got No Job...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
Were closing at 11p tonight, selling like hot cakes! Come get yours before it's too late!!
I'm reminded of the east coast, west coast time difference.
Make your workouts fit your life style, not vice versa. This is the key to staying committed for life.
O man, that's no good. Sorry :( I hope tonight will be better for the both of us!
oh rlly her sister tweeted "hey guys I just saw my sister die yeah she's dead" ?
thanks! I think the positivity vibes got here cuz it got better, but not before girl training me got mad and left :/
Everyone follow , very funny tweets!
Thanks for your kind words! Sign up for our email listing at our website to get discounts and details about 2nd Location soon.
Speak to my heart Lord, God~BAMM.
Oh I see! 'Cause I'm envisioning like a laser beam saying "hey share this if you want to!"
I can be wherever there's an audience.
most women can't keep it real..
How am I suppose to get HW finished when 90210 is on Netflix
join us :)
Invite codes sent last night/this AM should now be working (and now good for two sites!). Sorry for any confusion. Launch away!
Working on a Survivor guy script!
And thank you!
Peeps our food drive kicks off FRIDAY. 3 non-perishable food items gets you one free med iced or hot coffee! ALL LOCATIONS.
I love it when the solution to a client's panicked email about his website is "clear your cache and reload."
Bobby Valentine couldn't manage a Dairy Queen!
See you at Tidball's Thursday! Tune in2 revolution radio at 4 for an interview! ROCK!
bought few more kitchen items from amazon.
LOL, it never fails though. It's because I can't sit there at let people be treated like poopoo lol
Waiting for good news emails that I just know are being sent to my inbox any minute. Yep. Any minute.
Its my birthday
National sibling day is every day for the Hegi family.
the french movies we watch together are already doing a good job of that.
so tired
First break 256/599...nothing really going yet!
Shoutout to for texting me goodmorning this morning an waking me up :) otherwise i'd probably be all late to school! Haha
ah! :o okay hm, if we go to mc donalds, what would you like from there? Lol
I thought so... SLEEP WELL!! :D
Take U Home - Meek Mill ft. Wale and Big Sean >>>>>
Make yourself More Valuable in the marketplace and you will never worry about having an income tomorrow, regardless of the economy.
Good morning twitts
Some head would make it so much better
AG Holder on Trayvon case: If we find evidence of civil rights crime, we will take appropriate action.
Did you tell Bob about the 5-9?
Were located right by Bubbas Frozen Custard on Capitol Drive in Waukesha! Remember to BRUSH!
Williams was a hero trying to save the NFL, you guys
Got my new logo thank you Brent!
at da studio ...u already kno
Tonight @ 8pm: 3rd week & going strong - Salsa at Mari Luna Bistro, 1225 Cathedral Street Baltimore - across from the Meyerhoff.
You have NO IDEA.
we are. I sent you an email to your gmail address.
I haven't had a steak in an awful long time.
Registered for our 5k/10k? Don't forget to pick up your race packet Saturday at the BASE Camp office from 10-2!!!
if this is it....doooowap!
Court in an hour-__-
Kudos to and for developing and delivering the awesome ISpy ARG!!!
will do
Enjoy This Blessed Day Everyone ! <3
:) it just takes more room...
DO U FEEL LIKE U WERE JUST SIMPLY BORN FLY??? WELL WHY NOT ROCK THE GEAR THAT SIMPLY SAYS THAT!!!!!!!! BORN FLY WE HAVE IT!!!!!!
RT I am going to :) RT The Last Word: How are you preparing for the Rapture?
Im sure will b there RT : Toni Morrison will read from her novel, Home, at Barnes & Noble in Union Square today at 7
"we'll just grey out the comments; nobody reads them anyway." What? huh? who designed these source coloring schemes?
Dude I have the money for the album artwork so you can pay your phone bill haha
I think drastic change could = collapse, like if humanities & language depts die. that's a trade school, not a university.
I don't know..... Sometimes the turkey needs to be choked
Intro to the Internet-Hatley Branch Library-Monday, February 6th 1:30-3:30p-learn the basics class taught by Mike Theiss UW extension
hey you should follow us! =) cuz we're following you!
happy birthday! Sorry it was late! Hope it was great! #legalvoter!!
