Thanks for the follows
I wish I could mute U.
Needs to start playing "Drinks On Me" the new single by
office mates commiserating about how they are both so attractive, no one takes them seriously - how sad.
are you still giving feedback on tracks on the forum?
Alright. Story sent off to the Academy for fellowship thing. Hopeful!
do you have a bumper sticker? lmfao
Great man.....and you?
I love my Youth United Way People !!!
SHOUT OUT TO YOUR TOP 5 FAMILY AND CORPORATE TEAMS !!!
MLB500BLK that's word to my big brother
Love it! Already dreaming up the sequel.
didn't go to bed till like 3:30 am this morning.. lol
Damn she should be embarrassed
i love it. HEY i'm visiting NYC in Dec. Show me around your new hood.
Everyone follow and
Swat City in OKC.
Can it be 9 yet?
I'll lend you a copy. It's a great read. I actually lost 60lbs following it (and gained 35 after, but that's a different story)
Ari U Don't Need Photoshop Or Touch Ups. Ur Beautiful Without It! :)
I really do not appreciate when people leave a mess in my car
Want to purchase 's secret third flavor this Friday? Whisper "Black Horse" and you'll be in for a Kentucky treat!
Just Curious, Chuck, why is your picture green?
Happy birthday Mehdi
DA HOOD KNOW I GET IT N GO N FRIENDS TURN N2 FOES VIRGINS TURN N2 HOES HOOD NIGGAZ EXSPOSED CUZ DA HOOD IS ALL DA KNOW U A RAT R U JUST KOOL
Regarding a National Lampoon Vacation reboot, how about Jim Carrey or Steve Carell? Maybe Adam Sandler or Jimmy Fallon?
Are there tweets in heaven? #RIP Whitney
So true! My husband and I went out to get coffee & breakfast together this morning. Awesome start to our day :) TY!
My patience = 0
Hello East Coast!
Good morning! Anyone else missing some NCAA #marchmadness?
Is Rondo out??
stop hate n sis
I am sleepy as he'll,
Ahh spacer.gif.. Those were the days.
Doing the Harvard Baseball team "Call Me Maybe" dance while driving. Guys in truck next to me joined along. Ahh! Love it!
If you go to full sail you forget what that is
chair Patrick Eurek is listing several MOD successes in SA last year, including some great programs here.
a warm cup of hazelnut coffee, rain beating rhythmically on the roof, spontaneous kisses and hugs from rowdy 7 yr olds = perfection...
I wish there ws a website that would identify tht super loud sound jst now. Input time, place, genre of sound...(10pm, ParkSlope, Explosion)
I'm in a yellow waiting room. I feel like I'm in a banana gum ball.
TGIF & nice weather, what would you suggest to do?
happy spring Friday to you 2!!!
About to see #21jumpstreet. Also denied popcorn. I hope enjoys these American Reunion trailers.
RT : I carry with me / This full pocket of jewels / Made of words and love
change it to that!!!
CUM: Swallow or spit?
Show your ass!! Wow that would be a hell of a lucky officer!!!
ok, seriously, how many times do you have to delete your account before you stop getting emails/reminders from them?
Get ready to burn it down
HOW CAN YOU SEA?? Aquarium of the Bay is on board Diversity Platinum! More discounts for all.Have your Diversity Platinum card yet? Y not?
Damn. lol. You just on the go.
I uploaded my 438 pictures from my IPhone to my computer. And watched the last 2 years of my life in slideshow form.
Schedule a no-cost consultation with one of our payment experts. Call (972) 905-4447.
It is true! Thanks for pointing that one out.
round n round i go! hands touching my toes!
Dinner on Mother's Day where the total age of all persons combined at out table was probably 583 years. (8 people) Wunnerful.
This one's different.
Chaos contained
Yo im not even tired and its like 1 in da mornin usually i b tired is fuck at this time but guess ill do an all nighter ctfu txt me rdd lol
ATL BECAUSE IM WATCHING IT RIGHT NOW LOL WEIRD
Can't wait, I felt so spoiled at the preview dinner. See you tomorrow.
#LASelects coach Rick Kelly won his 18th State title on Sunday with his Bantam 97 team.
I swear your girl works for UPS cuz i saw her checking out my package!
#IfIwonthelotterytonight i would spend it on m&g's.
To be fair, a lot of those people were gathered in another room a few blocks away.
Come on #cowboys we need some magic for y'all to win now :/
must have hit the download limit
if you want (since we'll have Ender sleeping over, too) you can get there, and spend the night at our place (we have an extra
you have to be kidding me .. when I said I still wanted to talk he didn't want to . it's like we're practically strangers &
babylon deserve to burn.
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
Thanks for following me!! :)
So um, I will find out next week if I have a job....that's right, a real job.
The Fans
Yeahh can you drive?????
As a Buckeye and B1G fan, it pains me too.
Just found out there is a pizza competition, with acrobatic dough tossing - these people have serious skills!
I'm just so disappointed your a red sox fan. I'll feel bad when the Indians have their way with them.
#Chocolate "Will fool even the most discriminating connoisseur." Shape Magazine
WTF!!!! AH Worst fucking refs ever!
Them Denny's pancakes got me full & sleepy.
$5 credit at the 60ss store today. That's a free 60ss lite for Photoshop and Corel or $5 of an other shrift shop. Use PRESIDENT at check out
Cook a meal together.
Green Card » who can apply for green card
True football fans shouldn't have to be tortured with this auto tuned crap they call music
Please help me make my bff's dreams come true. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. Please, Please, Please.
We will be relaunching our complete New Cambridge Shakespeare series (NCS) this April - Are you ready for it? : D
..Mike cld outrun any db we had on the roster & his tackling attitude on the field was well-known..Bobby Boyd All-Pro CB Colts fmr Ast Coach
well, I have to say, the new digs are fantastic and you deserve it! So how many tickets?
How david stern gone offer a bullshit deal and tell the players take it or leave it
Why is President Obama in the City? Doesn't he know there's a hockey game tonight?
lol or you can go listen to the song and see what she says lol
No one can seem to understand/explain why Shawn Marion shoots that way... Damn Dwight!!!111
how cute! Haven't seen any pics of Elle in a long time, bet she's getting big!
If i didn't like playing with Legos as a kid what the freak makes u think bi gonna pass a class where i get graded for playing with it
A little rehearsal then off to the studio
praying for you and Joseph and the girls
awesome!! :D
what about kitchen ants?
fair enough. i'm entirely sure there's lots of odd stuff in the library realm alone.
having a great time so far at #TCAF Librarians and Educators day is a good idea!
ny's board of Ed is pretty stupid so -.-
Cisco empowers employees with self-serve hub for social media
At the library the computer is slower than my ipod
“: Just landed in Atlanta! Who's ready?!” enjoy your stay. We may see you next week up at icon if u are still here.
oh boy, record shopping outside of Los Angeles is like going to a 50% off sale!
Neither can your sister! I swear I saw Christian Bale the other day. It was from a distance but no yinzer is THAT attractive.
I love you #USC you are the best
I don't know if the Megans made his acquaintance though either, Mitch.
u r too funny!
It's a family affair!!!!! and for the first time in a long time shined on my life!
No problem :D
Yep. Not that all these SSD solutions are not v interesting, but the speed improvements aren't quite on target for the meeting.
ya damn right I am I want people to follow me!!! My goal is 100 people to follow me!!!
Hi! Follow back?? ♥ Thank you ♥Bretana♥
is Bounce available on directv?
Carvin Jones live tonight 9pm!! Just back from europe tour and Sturgis Happy hour 11am-7pm come get your drink on!!!!
Alright. (: ": I'm supposed to be getting one so when I do ill git you yo yo(:"
by we you mean mainly carl crawford, right? The only one 0 for 6 at the end of the night
is this a joke?
Just road my first slope snowboarding, and only ate it once!!!!
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~
the clippers throwin up some bullshit we need to capitalize off that
#raw10 Alot of People voted Arnold Schwarzenegger as Gov cause of the Terminator movs, now they want him out. Wheres John Connors?
I could use a drink!
class has nothing to do with money or race my friend. You have it or you don't
#10thingsifindattractive guys with swag
I told you yesterday
I never though it would hurt this bad...
im a people pleaser.. hard for me to say no for real.
You're welcome, Zackary. With you, studying is always fun.
Work is going to suck this morning. Explain more this afternoon
it's impossible to find a book written by A.A. Kadochnikov in English, he loves Russia too much to share with us
Temptation is a mother.. How we lust for one another. We barely know each other, but were dancing like were lovers<3
Genuinely interesting folks worth a follow
Can't wait too all U lovelies Wed.
Praying 4 traveling mercies,that no weapon will prosper,rest&strength 4 &entire Sri Lanka Team
Check out www.firmsolutionsltd.com & learn how our services can increase productivity, efficiency & profitability.
I love bad comedy but this is borderline offensive. Just like that fense is china
Email I received: "Dear Professor, I'm sorry I missed class. I turned 21 and haven't recovered from all the drinking yet."
Late night convozzzz w/ Doesn't get better than that. People would think we were disturbed if they read these msgs. :D
Travvvvvvv :( you don't reply to me any more. I'm sad.
Good for you! Who did you donate to?
Fun weekend project with the kids: Create a family book, with information and pictures about each family member.
Watched Captain America yesterday on BluRay. Awesome movie. Cool how it ties in with Iron Man. If you like Iron Man, this is a must see.
Top down #AC is where is at
Gm tweeps $alute! A dream without grind will remain a dream until you give it some legs. Let's get it!
nice! I wonder if there is any place on the West Side that could shoot and edit something like that...
Snap, crackle, POP. Owch my back!! Good munday?
but it certainly raises new issues in terms of campaigning, how social media behaves in political discourse
RT : "I can't wait to see my friends' drunken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!" -- Nobody
Justin! Play in my fantasy baseball legue this year. What's the email?
I'm up about to get ready 4 work...one problem...its Saturday! My ass doesn't have work today SMH!
MIx It Up Monday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. Happy hour drink specials and a tasty tapas menu await!!! One Up IS what's up.
whoa. that's a helluva lot #totebags :)
My baby is coming thru!
I missed my college graduation because I took off to LA, and now I am fake-graduating on-set. Funny how things come full circle like that.
I hate pretending to listen while other people talk. Just let me talk already! I wanna talk about what you're talking about, but better.
kewl do u have a Facebook
Or, he'll get to see and listen to it live while watching the tube.
Not if she gets there 1st :P Shes a playa
Watching & You seem so subdued EW
Up for treats? Try tweets at 2:30. Booth 1639
Terrified the Vikings stadium bill is going to die a horrible political death and damn the Vikes to L.A! C'mon Minnesota. Get it together.
Eric Friday night stuck in an elevator with
Deep marine layer means lingering beach clouds pretty much all day; all week but better by Sunday. 60s near the water, in the water too.
Hey, #Austin hotels: Wanna be the official/exclusive hotel of this year's 3rd annual #BBQ sauce festival? Let us know!
Someone come visit me at Taco Bell :)
Looke forward to seeing you there
So you heard all of the military flights in #miami too?
Hey Sandy! How are you? Saw the Born Genius post and wondered, "so, what the heck happens!" Have a great weekend.
wasnt like our first or second conversation we had.
BOOT CAMP THIS SATURDAY!!!! 7:40 AM!!!! BE THERE!!!!!
have a great week.
Texan outfits seem so boring after spending a week in New York. A sea of khakis & solid colors. Granted, I am at the DallasFW airport.
The artist must train not only his eye but also his soul. - Wassily Kandinsky
Thanks for Following us ! “New Follower Coupon” (FEI042011avc) and get 10% off most of our products, call in only, one time use.
doing well and you?
Says Pandora enthusiastically: "This day of limited commercial interruptions is brought to you by the radically new Lexus..." #thankful?
Post titles are important headlines. You need a hook for Twitter posts. The panel went over tantalizing titles with impact.
Hey you look sexy i'n the pic with pretty eyes
Well, at the rate I'm going, this could be me...so, "no comment".
Be of good cheer. The God that took you into the storm will bring you out of the storm. In due season! So faint not! Happy Friday fam! P.G.
Out of the dark, comes very good news. RT : Dr. Yealy, Chief, Emergency Medicine Dept: All patients are expected to survive.
Been watching documentaries all day long
uh oh is taking out her retainers so she can sing to mamma Mia, it's about to serious over here haha.
I could lay in bed ALL day.
Cheaper parking since everything else is more expensive.
"This love is difficult, but it's real. Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess. It's a LOVE STORY, baby, just say YES."
this is the last time i go two months without working out, one day of Cheerleading and i'm super sore ...
What interests me is how this never got much "manga journalism" coverage.
Killer Joe Trailer
Wow, Pulp was at the Warfield last week. How the Hell did I miss this? I'm very disappointed in myself right now.
- Easy. Cargo shorts for Black turtleneck for #JUSTKIDDING!
"Rodger Goodell is better suited as a girl scout troop leader than NFL commissioner" RT How dare you not buy his Thin Mints
Adventure is out there
Can't talk to you right now...
Les get the word out there friends :) Time to party!! ;)
Excellent talk by Dr Kay Jamison about "Mood Disorders and Creativity"
i suggest the Anchor Bar. Much tastier than Buffalo dick....
Eating cheerios with Jenna nicol. we party hard
Yo! Let's meet up while we're down here. What's your sched. looking like? I'd love to hear how things are going
Wish I was in Chicago ballin with Derrick Rose
well duh it would be rude if I didn't.
If I had an extra ticket I would <3
Let's go DT! God bless you all on the broncos team.remember you can do all things in Christ. Stay sharp and focused.GBY
Lincoln unveiled on 7/22 at the New York Auto Show, the 2011 MKZ Hybrid
Now up Nick Baer working to prove early German cinema as "Zionist Allegory." OK the Golem I get, but Nosferatu?
Big things poppin
don't think that your crossposting between FB & twtr won't go un-noticed.....
Dat a boy Harrison
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW BACKK??
Tomorrow is national drug test day!
It's a small thing, but if Netflix is recommending Miss Marple to me in its "Top 10 for Paul" slider, I must be doing something right.
That was nice.
Congrats to , , & on the R&D grant that will buy them (I kid you not) an aerial drone.
Packing for a Fab Girls weekend in #Chicago. Aquarium, Art Institute, Alhambra Palace for #bellydancing oh my!
Sandy Leon injured on collision at the plate, being helped off the field, looks like his knee
Discounts on amazing products just for being apart of Idaho! www.dell.com/idaho
Good luck 2 all #NFL fans let's hope your teams r good 2 U! Either way you'll find all your rookies in NFL products!
“A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her”-David Brinkley
thoughts on where carlton mitchell fits into receiver depth chart when healthy?
I was going to write a blog post for this morning, but I think I'll do my Wednesday post late at night, much later. A to Z wiped me out.
#vsa2011 Non-Visitors: Using video ethnography to study new users at your museum
Dreams; fucking with my feelings since 1989.
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller with every mistake you make.
-- My locker is cleared out. No markers to steal from anymore. Haven't quit yet. Yet. Just the uniform company change.
Thank you so much. More than a few tears were shed in the making of this year's Easter story. That's for sure.
Beautiful morning in #MKE! Coffee on the deck, in hand.
Settling in for my last day at Rainforest Cafe!!!
Happy Holidays everyone! Here is to a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
Hopefully that will be fixed by the time I return at the end of May.
What should the Honey Wilders do on their vacations?
I do not fear death
haha yea I did!
ME TOO!!! Coming back there now (after coffee lol)!! : )
Looks like will be signing at the Steelers Fan Fest on Saturday
To be honest, i've had suicidal thoughts.
Bling Johnson Show! Season 2 Premier on KBVO TV at 9:30. Watch Party @ Uncle Billy's on Barton Springs! Come hang @ 8:30 PM #LetsGetFamous!
Top 10! makes #6! Freakin field hockey score ranked higher! C'mon man! Get it right
I can't explain how awesome Stanza was as an ereader app and how much I miss it.
YOU KISSED MY HAND AT THE CONCERT! #BigTimeChicago <333
Pandora appearently knows I like Within The Ruins and Misery Signals.
Greatly enjoyed Houdini exhibit. Kudos to them for including a contemporary installation w/live pigeons!
I need to start today over...
Canada is looking better by the minute. I like wearing jackets anyway.
least I got One.
Immunotherapy is one of the safest, most effective long-term treatments for allergy. Ask your Vet
needed a ride there but I got one thanks
One advantage of working from home is that I can keep up on the laundry. Yes, I do the laundry.
Interesting Q. RT : Harvard and Yale are only to ARLs with under 30% going to e-content. Why?
Dog walked, dishes. Errythin did!
that might be a little more excitement than I could handle pre-coffee
or Nic from is stalking me..... RT : It measures sleep too? Whoa!
I love a woman that can get on her knees and ... you know, pray
Thanks to all who came out last night! Enjoyed speaking with such passionate planners & many more
Revamping the MTV Movie Awards: Is the network growing up?
jeez what is it going to take for them not to be so afraid + take it out on everyone else..not dismissing history
it's 3 am i have work at 7 oops
Aww! The initial connection was virtual, the friendship is real! ((((HUGS))) how are you?
That was my 666th tweet...
We did that once, then we never left....be careful.
Guys are for sure bigger babies #cry 👶
Working late hrs like I do leads me to naturally feel lonely. wish I can win this mega million on tuseday to end this. Mr. Lonely s.o.s lol
“: Can we start a petition to bring back the Shuttle program?” -> yes please!!!
you and I are gunna be the ones so hold on, we're headed for a better life
I just want everything to be perfect again. We used to be what everyone wanted to be. Now we're what everyone is.
This is not Roadrunner Food Banks Twitter. I don't think they have one. Have a wonderful day!
": When your best friend blackmails you with embarrassing pictures <" ....... our lives would be over
Love the coverage guys. The best
I am now booking Summer Festival dates all around Michigan and surrounding states, holla at me if know some great ones to hit up :) xo
YAY!!! you got a twitter now i can't beleave it!!!!
Sure! Let us know if you all need any animations or infographics designed.
“: A #Cancer is intelligent sensing others feelings and nursing.”
?. Too many hard questions.
This week is a little crazy. Can you do next Monday morning?
Huge double play! Go tribe
I'm not a fan of Steve Blake aka "The Slack Jawed Yokel"...never will be.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
they're not :-/
What time does the accounting test start tomorrow?
she used that shit monday night.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you enjoy this month's ravings. :)
Ugh my eyes hurt from the sun and softball today. Ok maybe a tad bit of dirt from sliding into home plate. Yes, I said home plate!
Willow Smith - Official Behind The Scenes of _amp;quot;Whip My Hair_amp;...: via watch it over and over and over and over agai
USDA RFPs beginning to mention #research #data #management #plans. Mandate coming?
no im just using my brothers :)
I'll go for a picture next time ;)
U dont follow me..... “ Follow Bakk”
You've lived in Wisconsin how long? “: It's practically snowing! Has everyone commented on this fact already! What the crap!”
If you're at #adtech stop by booth 1937 and so hi.
that's funny, I through my daughter's monster hair balls AWAY and now we do twists...ah
What a beautiful Monday! How was everybody's day?!?!
not at all brother. You were there to witness it al
Anyone wanna go to Nashville with me this summer for the CMA Music Festival?
caught up on #MadMen... so Betty Draper is not perfect! Wow. Episode directed by Jon Hamm. Well done!
then come back to Miami for awhile and visit...
hey hot tamale - I am going to miss the Montreal game - girls weekend away!
oh no! there was a reaallllyy bad storm earlier here in Austin. I thought I was gonna die! 😝
WAIT .. You're telling me AGAIN that people LIE on the INTERNET?!
Was just thinking that RT I can't remember another election-night speech where Romney pitched for donations
OMG!!!!!!! Elena is a vampire?!?! what the heck?!?! and omg the whole "if i meet you first" and she did meet him first!!!
Oh, Like math?!? History?!?
"Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein
That said, Jane Lynch as Mr. Schu is worth the price of admission.
Ugh if that kid from sociology wakes me up again to ask me about the report at 7am...imma go HAM.
I am including Rollins band to the #brogramming playlist
finally listened to this and was pleased to know that my husband's slash fiction has traumatized you. You did ask for it :)
#answer yea man hip hop till we die hommie!
Sat Apr 16 10 AM Bunny Breakfast, McDonald's & Puppet show, pix with the Nestle Bunny & egg hunt. Sponsored by Lampco Credit Union TIX $6
lmfao O.O you did! ?
thank you sis!! I appreciate you for praying and encouraging me!! God is good :) He made this happen yay
Kintra, Gaelic Storm and the Elders. Not a bad way to spend a summer evening in Milwaukee at Irish Fest.
nice. Congrats. Hope to attend next year's
u free before 3?
#Caps playing tough again.
More money more problems. I'm cool with living comfortable. I don't need people following me around judging my every move.
sit behind them & when the baby cries kick the back of the seat, when they turn around u can say "sorry my wife acts like a baby"
Just a statement. Blow them away at camp. We need a speed guy to stretch the field! (You)
Summertime-y Madison, please don't leave! OK? Good.
oh fun!!! I'm going to do that in September!!! Now I'm just doing... doing "something" every day!!!
he is not "tripping" lol
I'm just glad to get out of the van! Although, I have another long car trip in February when I leave for Utah :)
Exhausted from the past week...but can't sleep. I'm still in focused/stressed out mode. Poop.
TONY ROBBINS got SKILLS and MITT ROMNEY DON'T. MITT gets LIT and burned to a crisp. Lay off the LIES MITT. YOUR WORDS have CAUGHT YOU UP.
Savings Tip -Add 1 cup of ammonia to your laundry wash cycle and it helps clean stained clothes, or heavily soiled
I need to pee!! & it's soo quiet..
Its better to waste money than time. You can always get more money. -Hal Sparks
that legit made by night. <3 #YES 😜
I'm x bitch, triple x rated you make me so fucking happy haha
Foster youth must enroll in college prior to 22nd bday in order to access max fed aid.
great to have you back in top tier form, filling up the stat sheet & tearing it up. Hope the heel is feeling better!
yeah. but im gonna convince Jordan to come
With all due respect. Apparently if you listened to rap music in the 90's you are stereotyped.
Goodnight! Sweet dreams my lovely followers
I'll never understand why Southerners continue to vote for politicians who don't have their best interests in mind.
How Much Are You Saving Monthly For Your Retirement? How Much Do You Think Is Enough?
Here's hoping for the return of the 'Facers in Season 7!
LOL! Not sure how I missed this. I know Alton & Mr. Fizgig, and I say Yes!
So much for 2 minutes
fiendish of them;I know it's a Plot
Hard hitting golf analysis from : "Phil Mickelson always plays better when his hair is long."
We don't always get what we want in life. Maybe that's a good thing. Some things R just not as good 4 us as we thought! Thank God 4 wisdom!
Thanks for the follow! Have an awesome week
- so accurate. I have my best thoughts in the shower.
youre gonna have pick it out..
When will we be able to genetically grow a thumbpick and fingerpicks right out of our bodies? Then maybe I could get the hang of it
It's always something
that fucking movie trash! garbage water
I'm stuck at rail crossing bc the longest train ever! It's been awhile. Reminds me of my childhood - grew up next to tracks.
Congrats to for his and his wife's new baby daughter!
All someone like me wants is a friend. I'm tired of being used. All I need is a true friend any takers?
Giving props where they are due, Devin Hays (MixHouse Intern) wrote a great musical piece to be used in a video we are producing.
yup I was. I am recovering from cold and fever. Hugs for you!
Gotta love hypocrisy...
United States- need females for adult video work. Travel will be paid. Nudity involved. Pay is 1000 dollars per day
i cant deal with the overpowering sense of fierce and how grouchy i am. this is terrible.
If you couldn't get your Shredded Beef or Carne Adovada fix this week...TONIGHT IS YOUR NIGHT! Open tonight from 4-8:30pm!!!
Nigga I'm superior. If I was white I'd be an Aryan. 👱
have some fun! you've earned it!
the one on pitt's campus at the Pete
We hope you come back too! :)
that's a nice area. Not to far from us. We are in Bullitt Co and have ours up for sale.
Im in one of those, "Can I hit in the mornin, the sun rising while your moanin". Moods
Worse thing bout losin contacts u don't kno who to ignore smh
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo,
Bring 10 books any gate this Wednesday or Sunday and get a free ticket to the match!
Omg, followed me back... Drinks after work, Roger (or during...)?
See my bro off to prom earlier maybe me feel older
RT : Check us out on Facebook!!!!
Waiting a half hour to try and upgrade my current fancy phone to an even fancier phone...they're playing "Comfortably Numb"...irony?
I work in the Sun Times building, sorry I missed you...good luck at PB Finished great meeting w/the SunTimes head of development
With my girl(:
Once my phone hits 45 it goes off
I've witnessed it take over the lives of people I truly care about most.. Shit's saddening
Hm what to do
The Lakers are starting to look like the same team that got blasted by Dallas last year in the playoffs
"why don you quit school and just play hockey?" this is why marky is perf ❤
So GOP protests recall elections by forcing more recall elections (primaries)?
Sharks and Blackhawks are both playing very physical hockey, overtime continues.
that was no where near close
New artwork is being put together. We can't wait to see the finished product!!
I wanna go to a citizen cope concert.
I am going to be killed. Someone just kill me now fml.
you should, if you can. One of the best books I have read so far this year.
Loving these #bobcats Let's Go
New day. Thieves DO lose in the end. Remain calm, victory is closin' in girl...keep building.
May God bless all who enter here. May you go out with joy and be led forth with peace.
Angela wouldn't let and I fangirl for janes addiction!
respected and that was understood. But doesn't need any more pushing of his negativity. IMO
Goes to the saying "if u don't have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all"!
We are the perfect solution for that! My house was broken into also, check us out!
Random hit ups bring joy to my heart they are amazingly beautiful
I pick my nose all the time, do you?
All my niggas pop pills.....
Get this flag trash off bascom
LOL I know ....crazy
Justin Bieber has gone through puberty.
Ah I feel so refreshed now. Lol.
today has just been the best.
Who makes computer/twitter/ Facebook viruses and why? It's not like they benefit from them spreading #deepthought 💉📲💻😷
absolutely! Live on radio & online, 6pm on TV. live tweeting. We've got it covered.
putting the final touches on my costume!
Loved seeing you and tonight. MUAH!
Tyson Chandler tips off against his old squad tonight. Are you going to watch?
#Corzine news has me wondering if he'll be prosecuted, convicted & sentenced or will it be a case of
We posted the coupon last night. So please go to profile to find it :D Or visit our website. Have a nice day everyone;D
San Diego Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting & Sale at June 10. Many award winning wines will be there! Will you?
Culture trumps strategy
Wow that's an inspiring story. 3 workouts a day for 3months. Nfl contract? Shoot.
now I'm callin that bluff, big plans are coming undone, that's just typical you're so cynical, you couldn't have me
Somedays i wish it would just rain...
you're really pretty❤ (:
Thanks for the RT how are you today?
You sign up for it.
One caucus, one primary, 1000 debates done. When was the last time any of these candidates mentioned GW Bush? Anyone?
#091393 -if you're still doing them
I LOVE UR NEW ICON!;D
Some electronics are afraid of Flash floods, heavy rain, sleet, fire hoses, super soakers, water balloons, hurricanes and waterfalls -
I have never sent a text. My parents have probably sent dozens each. #WhyDoesSomethingSeemOddAboutThis?
dianne is my bitch for today.. thanks girl
#clarity video. Beautiful
Your spirit is kind of grumpy even if it is coated in chocolate.
hey. You went to NYC, so we're even.
Willing to bet you're in the 50% Who do not pay fed taxes(get it back). Not dead beats but people who don't make enough
For the wkday miles I stick to familiar rtes. does a great job of comin up with new routes for those long days.
Michael Vick is going to the Philadelphia Eagles. 2 year contract.
*brows furrowing* And just what 'place' is this, Ms. Day?
It is bittersweet when you wake from a happy dream only to realize it can not possibly come true...it actually feels more like a nightmare.
awww I miss my abigail! :( and I miss your snoring more!!
My mom is a dead ringer for Sally Field! c is sitting here quoting the entire movie.
Market is open tomorrow from 8 to 11:30. Lee Saberson, master pumpkin carver, will teach you how to create pumpkin art beginning at 9.
": haha ur the darkest guy i kno but the whitest at the same time lol" f u lol i lived in nebraska at the time
Never let the little head do the thinking for the big one. Just ask Tiger what the consequences are.....
Always bet 40% of your stack preflop regardless of a action and show everyone JJ after it folds around for affirmation
That's a WRAP!!!
The only person I enjoy hugging is my husband... even my kids make me feel claustrophobic.
oh thanks! Yeah it's a '64 Slingerland. I've had it forever. Thanks for listening!
Shoot us your pics, Videos, and meet up spots during #mmw and #umf with a simple @ Visionnightclub!
I am actually eating hummus at this very moment.
Very nice of you to share your Februar profits! Thank you!
Supp how u been
smell damn good you mean!
yes I had a pretty good thanksgiving..probably gained a few pounds lol wbu?
I'm not sure..
Thanks so much Matt. Much appreciated.
#FF because I am trying my best to network our project in creative, funny ways! I may make u smile! Enjoy!
im so tired of being nice. that shxt seem like its not paying off.
At the end of the day,its all about love. Treat others well, rise above petty differences
#3WordsForYou You're my world.
"Exempt bars" sounds so much nicer than "It's OK to kill bartenders and waitresses."
address national arboretum
com is a veritable repository of the best jobs in the world
...damn what a bad one. Maybe jake?
Whats ur take: like them or not?
work is just wearing me out
Counting down until the #SheenRoast tonight. I wonder if he gets that he's not IN on the joke, but the butt of them! I can't wait...
haha, enjoy them while you can!
Why do you think its beneficial to advertise in a Calendar ?
Coffeetime# Here's to a kick ass week!
When everything gets tough you get tougher
So...is instagram the new thing these young folk are into these days?
I caught myself saying, "and don't judge me here" a little too often this month. After a moment of lucid introspection, I do some weird crap
So stressed out. 👎
a tweet with #TreatItFwd & we’ll send 50¢ them to help kids in foster care find permanent loving homes."
Whatchu normally drink
Thanks for the opportunity to interview on your radio show last night. Keep up the great work!
Thank you(: <3
Words to live by RT : When you are always intending to be of service, you will never run out of ideas, or content.
everybody gets scared when I front flip
Pwahahaaaaa! >RT : No. That side effect would be what Grandma Martha called... the scoots.
It's amazing how could a person change millions of people .
aww, perhaps posters are futile :P Hope to see you there! Glad my online efforts are working :]
It is a longshot, but Rex Ryan loves to pound the ball and the Jets are desperate enough to give up a lot.
Follow me if you think One Direction needs to make another album.
So tried of some ppl
Sup wit it man, getting ready to shoot you some trax to your dude BIG D, let us know what you think..Thanx man.. Orphanz™
would love to hear some Mini T demos! Pretty please????
Everything is groovy.
I'd still trade you your #Clemens trial for an Ambien intox assault and two San Antonio murders of your choosing.
Trying to decide whether to submit about my adventures with REST and PHP to the PHP Community Conference
#RusherBestNightEver! won yes they deserved n it happen ha congrats guys love ya !
you're welcome I love you too!
yea they looked bad but Bilbao forreal.. I like watching them play and Munain is sick..
So, After work I just reflect on the good things around me....LIFE!
lmao ikr !!! Its almost ova doe
AI.org says #eggallergy sufferers can get the flu shot in 2 parts: 10% of dosage, wait 30 mins, remainder is given if no symptoms present
ha! : It seems impossible that Giuliana is standing without support. Is there a pole up the back of her dress?
Do I want Patrick Kane to get traded? No. Do I want him to make better life choices? Yes. A million times yes.
you're a great athlete and truly a great person
Awwee thank you ! Put a smile on my face :)
Waiting for to show up....
There are some beautiful women walking around this Atlanta airport.
Wanna start on my sleeves. But don't wanna pay an ASSLOAD.
You're in my family circle. Just so you know.
He's a HUGE choker. That's Y he won't get the last shot whereas Kobe gets dbl-teamed cuz they KNOW
I miss the 90's--do you?
Hey everyone! Help us gain more followers so we can follow more of you, we hit our following limit!!!
sounds like a nice Balanced life!
Sometimes I question the direction of my life... like when I get 'personalized' emails from careerbuilder re: U-Haul is Interested in YOU
The best text ever...from my two year old niece!! "Hbszdxjnhbdxhhbdvgfhjdxbnhbfhbfhrycbfhhhrfycbhrfycbhrfycbrfyhcbrhfycbrfyhhrbfcy"
Those small bumps around a womans' nipples is Braille for suck here
What is your favorite Chant/Song?
ask Steve he's the ninja that's been following you for the past few years
I KNOW IT. Anyways whaddup I miss ya bro
Thank you kindly for the RT's!
2 MA managed-care plans are tiering ophthalmologist reimbursement based on MD utilization. More testing, surgery than peers = less money.
Tyler and Caroline
the only problem with mass transit is the masses.
"I have an expectant father and gunshot victim. Which way?"
I always follow back :D
I've been at work. Reason for the delay. Still with friends? Lot of fun things to do there?
RT RT : #WeWontWork if all you listen to is house music
RT : Help Keep the #NMF Free: NMF and present the Fundraising/Promo Show Saturday at 9pm | $7
I am obsessed with that film. I watched it twice on Tuesday...don't judge me.
lol that would be awesome. There's gotta be an app for that haha
I hope the first thing Anthony Davis does when he gets his NBA $$ is wax that #unibrow!
i know you need me in the next room over. but i am stuck here all paralyzed.
Sunday is to chill n relax.
This headache tho <
LA hipsters take the trains, while the rest of us sit in our precious cars going 15 mph in traffic.They're the smart ones :)
Contemporary Staffing is looking for a Customer Service Trainer and Supervisor. $30,000 - $32,000 annually.
Good night everyone! See you bright and early! Wonder what kind of great offers might be in store for you Tweeters on Tuesday? Stay tuned.
NBA updates EST 21 - WEST 29
Lost. Sundays' on ABC
A populace that can think critically would seem to provide greater long-term economic viability than one made of automatons.
Spring Break is quickly approaching...Today's the perfect day to get your prom dress!
I should send you some of my patients:)
Vintage skiing photos are dope
I get so damn trippy in my mind i go blank. You say no to drugs Juicy j cant. Aye bro thats forsure. Stop by before ber ...
Don't give up your rights for fair use in an electronic resources licensing agreement!
u must be very excited to go to italy ur so lucky and r u and sammi friends
aw,you look like a #Gentlemen I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!!!!
hey miranda you can speak really german ?
Pocket listing in Tiburon coming soon for rent in Marin : $6,500 4bd with a pool. Email Darcy to schedule your sneak preview!
judge in video had drawn connection, of what had happened in the south and what was happening now MT
Genius is not a quality, but only a quantitative difference in a combination of attributes contained in all persons.
Sleeping in has felt so good these past few mornings.
haha oh well.
I haven't felt like updating "P too busy.
Nothing like starting the week with a #SuperBowl food hangover
I will be one of the MCs at the UICA Urbanity show opening this Friday April 13th, at 7:30. The opening is from 6-9pm
I only know english sir!
#40dollars would be enough for a hoe in the depression.
I'll be happy one day...
didn't even know that sh*t is on right now. On it.
They don't call them "mock" drafts for nuthin, hermano.
Thanks, Mike!!! How are you???
umm look at u! *pinches ur bosom*
I hope everyone has a great christmas
Darren Thomas isn't ready for the NFL. That being said, Bryan Bennett must be pretty happy right now.
Weird, I made a very similar pork loin - Making a galric pepper pork loin with brown rice and lightly sautéd fresh green beans
Ok.. lesson learned. Even though two food trucks have awesome, fantastic food.. should not get things from both.
safe passage famo!
congrats newest cheesehead! From a diehard packer fan, congrats and good luck this season! GOPACKGO!!!
nice move
trying to make a point. lol
all u Guys Going To The Kenny Chesney Concert Have Fun U Lucky Dogs!
RT When I tweet doesn't mean its about u - my nigga u tweeted something like that - lol u know im C-Los Boozer right now LOL
Sorry We havent been talking =/ Ive been so busy.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
Yum, appetizing advertising!
Not at all. You should take her to one of Todds parties. So lame she will be dying to go anywhere and do anything after 10min.
Thanks For Sharing!
Its ironic that Republicans are celebrating the fact that Rahm may not be on the ballot, considering that he IS the Republican in the race.
what? Lol you went MIA.You got my number so there's no excuses! Lol
Must suck to be a Memphis fan.
People shouldn't have to fight to be with the person they love. Back off, government.
I was wondering if I could get a follow?
When is the best time to hit the blue ridge parkway for the fall leaves. I can never get it right :)!
Okay, I'll give you slack for the ??? since you're backing off the !!! And I'll try to venture out of Bud territory!
happy birthday to the funniest, sweetest drummer ever! i hope i get to meet you one day. i hope you have the best birthday ever!<3
haha nice. I wish I could be lazy all the time!!
Wake up, thank the highest power, then.......PUT UR RED ON!!!!
Reminder: Our Clairemont Town Council meeting is tonight at 7:00pm, in the Clairemont H.S. Cafeteria.
offering meal deal promo on March 5 against the #Clippers.$20- includes $18 ticket,hot dog,chips,& soda. Avg tix $31.50
#yobitv Balloon animals, unicycling, tap dancing...we have all sorts of unusual talent here at #yobitv :D
#Cisco completed integration of #Tandberg in record time by engaging employees thru use of collaboration
thanks! Thrilled you approve...ill try to continue meeting expectations...
5-10 inches of snow projected today...come in and get a few things to warm you up during the storm.
Every now and then, a guy comes along...and reminds me why I'd rather be single.
free for lunch today?
How profound! And so true, too! “: Procrastination is like masturbation...in the end you're just screwing yourself!”
yo dude stop flirting with blake!
Yes, poolside but need 2 go back for a proper meal soon! RT : Has ever tried inside the Mayfair??
CANT HELP MYSELF......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT IS THE SHIT!!!!!!
The 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc has classic grapefruit & cut grass aromas + stellar acidity
Please visit me at my updated Web site Studio & Gallery: www.leagoldman.com Let me know what you think. Thanks, Lea
Me and just ate 2 burritos each from doba..
Chillin in this huge ass house wit my cuz gunna finish suckerpunch. Can't wait to go to cali! 2weeks:)
i tweet inconsistently: still straightedge
Help get taylorntyra on the screamtour! Tell all your followers to tweet n request them
Best subject line for a discussion thread ever? "Songs (non-Enya) with incomprehensible lyrics"
you would lol.
ok do last night. lil' wayne was singing all calm at the beggining,he started rapping all of a sudden he had to take his shirt of !!WTF! why
I really wanna see #Oomf tonight :) i would be the HAPPIEST girl in the whole wide world!..i hope things go as planned :)))))
No! I loved !
"As long as you can find yourself, you'll never starve." -The Hunger Games
The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before. ~
The only way I'm having a baby is if it is the e-trade baby.
chicks dig my beard ;)
“In Mexico we have a word for sushi: Bait” - Jose Simon
My dad doesn't think that's true. She was his mom. I should ask my grandpa. He's still alive.
“: every time I hear fist pump music I think of you with your colors and pink squirrel socks! :D”< haha
but what
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Andy Brown Duo 6-9 hemmingwaysbistro.com
I committed to a private college in february
Baron is already making some stupid mistakes already and its costing us
its the Defense
Two things I hate: 1) how awkward I am 2) how small trains are. Ugh.
best april fools prank ever
Sick of the smell of lilies
what time you gonna come at?
RT : Check out A BIRD OF THE AIR on your VOD provider. is in it & she is great! A gem that needs to watched.
Hey, thanks for following me! :)
Tune into today from 4-5pm to see us brewing up a batch on Austin Live.
oh ok, and congrats on that I kno you happy :-) u kno I got a show Saturday night right
i been keeping my shit on the DL latley, cuz mufuckas stay in my bi bi business
My parents were in town for x-mas last weekend, and we did a $60 roast. Well worth it.
Halloween is around the corner. Plan an allergy-free party or partner with neighbors to offer allergy-free treats!
RT : Unorthodox creates space for orthodox. < creates space in general, yes? (expands universe of possible)
that's an absurd statement. Please take it back
Freakin Aye!!! 8) super glad my fav show is back
Arg! This is why I have trouble writing reviews again. I know too many people in this town!
I just saw a big spider omg it was so creepy and it reminded me of how you hate spiders too ):
My sister-in-law is in surgery right now - please pray for her and for her doctors and that it will all be successful. Thanks! We love her.
shut up punk
Damn notre lame! Damn them all!
Not feeling so great
Kiss me like you miss me and fuck me like you hate me and when you fuckin her do it like she ain't me.<3
Technology helps opens up Titanic's secrets (2:43) - Washington Post
#WhenAGuy Calls You Beautiful Even When Your Not Going Out <3
Ha. When do you run?
what really sucks...they have Castle and Smash on iTunes but no where does it list the new H50....bullcrap!
#ff just because he followed me ;)
When ur sister wants to make u lunch
Apparently they only think families with small children should benefit from museum attendance (2/2). Very disappointed.
If money is made of paper, doesn't that mean it grows on trees?
Everyday is another blessing! No matter how you feel today,get up and plant a seed so that your tree of success can grow.
orientation went great! first day is mothers day!
yessssum lol Im married and am on baby duty for the next few months all tho I heard some preggers was getn it in over there lol
Happy Easter!
Teachers who say they dont play favorites are fucking hilarious.
whodini is a hip hop icon look up freaks come out at night, friends and one love
profile in courage: obama, dems unwilling to stand up to hostile regimes, completely willing to steamroll American people on healthcare
you have to start early taking your children on trips. leaning about the world is as important as any school subject.
Would Jesus buy generic or name brand cold medicine?
Thanks #IDB #trade&integrationdivision for the prologue of my new #book about #Rulesoforigin #MERCOSUR #aladi available on 15 of June
:-) Have a great day! RT : Thanks for RT!
The media should devote a lot more time to discussing whether and why it is appropriate to put fundamental rights to a vote.
Tonight: The Ceiling Stares + Frizz + Bloated Sluts at The Shop 9:00 $5
Enjoyed the evening chat with all of you...
haha that would be great but we're also on a budget. i'd just be happy to see the canyons again.
Happy Friday, friends! Hope you enjoy this wonderful weekend!
Im not molly lol:P
they don't do it themselves?
nope. Nobody told me any specifics.
Da man will be the death of me yet !!! Thank you Todd (son) for helping me out <3
thanks for watching our show - the grannies!
Watching some NCIS between work and class. :)
very good news for #KY airports.
For 2010, unemployment benefits are all taxable. Last year there was a $2,400 exclusion.
RT : RT : You know you're at a quality conference when you need to clone yourself to be in 2 sessions at same time.
It'll be all good as long as they stay on their side of the border.
Follow me on twitter so I kno it's real
Wishing all the Mother's and father's taking care of their kids by themselves a...Happy Mother's Day!!
#Jets get 3 primetime games late, I thought this might happen. NFL hoping for
OMG!! I was scared that it was going 2 hit the school but now that everyone left all 3 tornadoes can go if they want :)
SALES MANAGER position #businesdevelopment in #Dallas #Texas #Hiring #Local #Food #Sales send #RESUME to
Austin Luke to try me on and look in the mirror then do impressions of people :)
Senate rejects freezing federal salaries. it was a close one. 47-51.
oddly enough that's what I dream about.
No No No it wasn't water running ... Bro this place IS HAUNTED !
a book about the history of AFSCME. So much important history & insights for organizing today.
That is the hottest tweet I have ever read.
happy valentines day to u to..!!!
:AH !! I TOLD YOU HE'LL FOLLOW YOU :D CONGRATS IM SO FREAKING HAPPY FOR YOU :D She's Amazing!
“: Im bored..... Who wants to talk to me??? :)) lol”i feel da same ways right nw wea erbody at
it'll be a bigger and better show than the one at ft plain
why you act crazy, not an act, maybe...
Had a great annual meeting last night. Thank you to all of the outgoing seniors who spent countless hours at the credit union
I've done the 64oz thing before & my body adjusted. But that first week!
6am, waiting for my flight. Can't wait to nap after 3 hours of sleep - but not looking forward to 10 hrs of coach :(
Go to bed! DANG!
Whoohoo the vikings are getting a shittier draft pick and still suck
R.I.P. Dick Clark 1929-2012
ok every1 plz follow it is my new account :) this 1 was hacked :(
Been listening to the new Van Halen Cd and it reminds me of old Van Halen and that's a good thing... I really like the bluesy "Stay Frosty"
Finally it's nice outside in Boston
Oscar flies out to end the Panthers 7th. ASU has a 7-2 lead heading to the bottom half of this inning. Stretch time!
Well, I had actually planned on going to class this morning until my mom made me pack the living room -_-
Yeah I know ..must be extreme Technical difficulties! ;)
I think you kinda look like Kathy Bates!
EC twins tonight
Irresistible critic quotation (on M. McClure) "the man unafraid of the personal totalities of his spiritmeat" (1965)
Go Denver RT This time last year Lakers were swept by Mavs. I went into an EMO state. Same will occur if Lakers lose tonight
And Dead Poet's Society isn't on Netflix because...?
2 More Shopping Days until XMAS & it is all on SALE. We're stocked w/ gifts for everyone. Dbl Punch Drink is Egg Nog or Gingerbread Latte!
Just liked on FB, great page! MT We wanna be liked by you, just you and nobody else but you...ow.ly/aC7j6
Back at work after a great break-visited the #MFA, saw #Sherlock, & successfully made a XMas ham. I plan to channel that productivity here!
For my own information, that comes out to 79.9GB of data. Should I just get the largest HD I can get?
Oops I mean Pippi!
#aurora borealis wondering if we'll get a light show tonight.
Yay new job and new phone case
Aha stayed up to late last night! On the phone but it was worth it it was an interesting conversation...
ing ok
Angles really took Weaver's No-hitter vs #Twins & ran with! Shutout by Jays for 2nd straight night. Pujols 0-4 .194 avg!
Happy New Year, Mike, from Eric and Seth!
Vegas this weekend? Call us now 877 551 6633 for last minute deals!
Ahh Peyton why you so cute?! RT : "I won, because I have all of you <21 #ShortyAwards"
Reception sponsored by Learning A-Z and Emantras begins at 4:30pm in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
I accept that challenge!!
i auditioned for the solo part today, & i got it ! :)
So , I'm feeling nerdy today lol . #MajorStudying !
So seemingly simple, yet never quite the same at home!
Rooms full of genealogy nerds are the new black.
ooohhh... i do love Cali, but the East Coast is pretty darn great as well---and they have much better (warmer) beaches!
I've had a few randoms do that to me here lately, I never knew what it was meant for anyway.
Fucked a bitch now im bout to fuck her crew now
It WAS scary. Thank goodness the guy from The Globe saw it happening & stopped. Glad he didn't say, "It's none of my business."
Turn your acting into something to watch. Recognize the moments, they are the lifeblood of drama.
#Knicks need to play exactly like they did in 2nd. Keep up Ball movement, no chucked 3s, stay physical, play transition d
Listening to "the power of voice". Strategic communications in getting the story or message out about a project, etc to the community.
Doctors, Nurses, Social Workers Charged In Historic Medicare Bust - and the GOP says gov't should stay out of healthcare?!?
GONA HEAD TO WORK...... GET THIS MONEY...... DUCES!
Today once was National Donkey Appreciation Day. But, apparently, donkey appreciation is waning.
i wonder if you ever knew you was a role model to me first.
When people tell me to email my work to them I feel smart. 📝
Looking forward to collaborating at the Innovation Expedition in Healthcare with you.
Pleasant people >>>>
Who ya'll had to fuck to get in that car?
Yeaahh Boii Denver is kicking ass!:D
Spain's unemployment rate is almost 25%. Shit; put's things in perspective.
Thanks! x
Huh? Where are u?
Nope actually only bad bitch I know is
It's #BeatTheClock tonight at Moe's! Tap #RollingRock is only $.50 from 8-9! The price increases $.25 every hour after that!
Is Harbor East Deli and Pizza any good?
OMO, the feels this just gave me.
His work. His change. His power. His word. His name exalted. His mission. His wholeness.
I Love My Sister More Than Anything In The World!
Obviously this dog is far more well off than I am - RT Even this guy has a pass to SXSW. What's your excuse?
#thoughtsduringschool these damn stairs killing me lol
you dont mean that!
Playing Ice Fest tomorrow in Columbus, come hang!
I hope you put out an album soon. I'll be sure to buy it! I've loved your song choices and talent.
a sesame street halloween party?
Tired of twiddahoes!
i vote for Artie, i love pete and pete. but i've never seen dr. who, so, i guess that makes me biased.
A man's got to believe in something. I believe I'll have another drink.
This bitch better hurry up with my food!! I'm starving
bet!!! Just me and u after practice.
Best comedy: Modern Family
We have a great inspirational story today to get us excited about the upcoming Pittsburgh marathon! Be sure to tune in @ 9.
I must say I like Conan now also after hearing this, I think I'll watch tonight.
Wizard of Oz at Encino Park Elem, SA,TX - What can we say: daughter's in it, helping create stage sets, volunteering - love the theatre!
": long hair? let me guess you don't fucking care" lmfao I cant
yeah, I don't get it...sounds so much better than recycling? Um...
Friday is finally here and it's supposed to be really nice weather (like near 80!) this weekend! Woohoo I'm excited! Are you?
RT : That was a real earthquake. The earth responding to #osu undefeated season.
RT : Nice to share this time with you talking about !!
ouch. Hope you are OK Tim.
this upcomin tuesday is my 15th bday,And i was thnkin "it would be cool if Austin wished me a happy bday! Do u think ya cld?(:
Yes it is lol
Thank you ADP for permanently locking me out of my account after failing secret question password recovery. Way to go.
Dear Timothy, thanks for following!
Left all the windows open in the house last night.
Be More Concerned About Your Character Than Ur Reputation, Because ur Character is Who U Are & Your Reputation is what Others Think of U!
PEW PEW!
thanks! That means a lot coming from you :)
That almost melts my icy little heart. Almost.
LOL - Well, send D-man home for the Super Bowl! We'll test his marg's compared to Husman's 'machine'.
Baltimore Magazine Discovers Things to Do Just Miles from Downtown
Thank you for being you, you are such a inspiration to me, you helped me feel comfortable with my body, you made me feel pretty
were straight ' .
tomorrow i get "normal" cal count.. i'm still not sure how this works, still researching the whole program.
wonders if you'd like to see Tailgate South perform near your town? Let us know where! Thanks for your amazing support this past year!
Saddam Hussein - [check] Osama Bin Laden - [check] Justin Bieber - [ ]
The count down to a Beautiful New Years is on
A huge and well-deserved congratulations for getting into , I feel like an embarrassingly proud parent!
Getting ready to read the awesome 's new webseries, #NutCity!!! Hot stuff! :-)
I see you often and you've never said a word to me, but you wanna be my friend on Facebook? I'll add you when you speak.
thanking God for so much right now.!!
santorini smoothie...yum! maybe ill pretend im on a beach in greece while drinking this...
Now I don't have to plot ways to strangle my coworker.
it's the amazing glaze, I can stop any time!!
emaciated is more like it ;)
The participle was demonstrative.
All right New York...Look no further New York's hottest club is Splash. And were not talking about mermaids although I could be wrong.
Thanks for following us! WE need to get ArtStar and Hennessy Designs together :)
Less than two weeks. Plan your outfit and tell yous friends. Big party raising big funds!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to us, Terri!! :) Have a great day, cuz!!!
I'm still in the office and someone else finished the white wine before leaving. Side eye to
A: Definitely parallels with - behaving like the internet, use of hashtags, for example
shitty don't follow me
: racing chronic have to find a cardiologist
too busy working.
Support local bands and support Rock!
Props to & the entire crew on a great job on the commencement.
Ya Mama
Hello, Mr. Christ. I have returned from the 50s at long last and wanted to say hello... so... mission accomplished.
Hey Melanic what is the name of that piece you did?
You know it's #finalsweek when...
I'm actually looking into Seattle. I believe that city may have my name all over it.
Omg, just retweeted my tweet!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Double bogey on first hole ouch!
Of course! We love our customers too. The Whetstone Branch is awesome. Glad you have connected with us.
two losses in the 11th this series. Tough games. Hopefully Verlander can bring the club some energy tonight.
Bring a friend to Sugar Shack today 12-2pm and have them buy something and you get the equivalent ABSOLUTELY FREE!
on it!
good morning
I'll be there
>>> Just when I think I have this hash tag thing down - It's how his name is spelled though.
Remember abdc6 when street kindom stayed to the final 4? Idk how that happened,lmao they sucked
#AAM2011 Online fever session: student suggestions: need to include "voices" --- email gets pretty stale.
give us D. Whitfield and his/her ensemble!!!!
And there are 1000s more articles just like it. Tks for the RT.
Great three way battle for 9th, let's go Seabass
Love. This. Woman. RT : If I finish this chapter, I can write a sex scene. If I finish this chapter, I can write a sex scene.
Legal #Records Manager needed in #Baltimore! Please contact me for details.
Went to crush a big spider. It jumped on my hand. If coworkers thought I was even slightest bit manly before, no longer.
Does anyone know what Jazz's eyes look like on Fresh Prince? Lol
Tell me! I gotta rely on twitter for updates!
Thanks everyone for coming out last night! We had a great time...see you next year.
oh right ha!
really - then you're correct - that's wierd. unless he's tweaked something on the smurf courts. have to wait and see.
Listening to trumpeter Daniel Rosenthal's "Lines" Interesting use of Wes Corbett on banjo makes for some enjoyable listening.
I hate downtown parking!!
I miss Chris.
Get your morning coffee at Floyd's on SE Morrison & 15th and check out my show! ♥
I won't even bother; the whole literature seems to be mediocre at best. That's how it becomes famous. #JustSayin'
aagh I'm going to try to be there one of these times soon:D
would you be interested in getting paid for your cell phone use ? UNLIMITED TALK, TEXT, WEB ? Christopher / 602.573.4157
think of now as Wendy Selig lame duck years for the bucks...change (and new, non-taxpayer arena) to come...
Very sad but no, not less of a fan.
D: what a jerk.
I love your style
AIN'T GOT TIME 4 GAMES, JUST COME W/IT!!!!!
Microsoft escalates patent wars
Looking to get people who want to stop worrying about a time clock and fear retirement!
time to catch up on pretty little liars before tonight's new episode!! :).
slap fight
lol :) what Doritos tacos??? Are they any good ??? 😃
yeah you have a point there. We'll see though either way its gonna be dope
I had no idea. Rock and roll! [RT In other (exciting!) news: is now on Twitter.]
#WaysToImpressMe is to be honest and humble
you are :( you never said if you are interested or not!!
Interesting article. I realized a while ago by procrastination was tied getting things perfect the first time.
what's gd bro did u do that verse yet?
Following #elclassico on the mobile.
We can find a better way to pick our leaders, one that doest require/allow giving money to politicians. #1. DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM
We're excited about , encouraging people to make protest songs about issues they care about. Hey... WE'VE got a protest song!
You are amazing! Keep being the great person that you are.
A walking paradox, a newfound legend. My flow been perfect since 2007
Roy Hibbert better have a Tyson Chandler-like impact on D and the boards as well.
Just remember who was by your side when everyone else left.
Going to The Avengers because it's important to keep my sex appeal alive.
he's one piece of shit
Why the hell does my Twitter account seem to be unfollowing people on its own?
So im bored so I say someone should text me c:
Nothing like CreativeLIVE to learn about creative tools, today: WordPress for Photographers on with Justin Seeley
Definitely! We have great solar prof events incl #solartailgate for the Brewers. You're all welcome to attend!
longshot but do you remember the username and password for the GW event wireless?
Let's have some fun tonight people and don't forget we have the best priced limos around
Great turnout, great presenters RT : Thanks to all speakers, attendees at #economistforum! If you missed it we'll have video soon.
your damn straight rawrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!
Don't worry. I'm a pro at driving while tweeting while dancing while instagraming while keeping watch for cops.
Everybody needs to b sleep
look who designed it!
omg i havnt been on here in 4EVER!!!!
"Be Original: Only Dxxd Fish Go With the Flow"
not since that one! :D
Your winter mix is now treating us kindly as we drive through some snowy weather :)
Today I am detoxing bad things out of my boady I am very toxic so fuck irion man 3 toxic man part 1 staring sean stewart rite
I'm Really Happy leavening California knowing I made some of my Cousins into Mahomies <3
When my teacher cusses in every lecture.
oh yea famous dave fine with me...lol golden coral far as fuck
the market will determine if they are successful--if the food is good, that is.
Thinking about snacking
I sign them cheers humming the theme song in my head and hope you do the same when you read it. Commitment achieved.
thanks for your support and making Pairings amazing!
Speaker pony: One who uses a speaker phone to feel like they’re important/doing important business even though it’s for something stupid.
if you could RT this or reply this, i'll seriously kick a cow. :)
I didn't know people still wear rubber bands on their pants legs. Just get your size
Good girl! Family first!
WTF happened last night? I almost threw my beer through the TV. I know you gotta be pissed!!!
:) do you have a facebook page?
Thank you for the kind retweets of today's post
First shot Carmelo in brons face
thangs guys! Don't slow down post acquisition :)
Welcome back to all those checking in this weekend! Just a reminder: Res Hall Resource Centers are open 10am to 10pm Sunday for check in!
so did i.. ahha
stop omg
I cannot wait!! Rage! RT": The snake pit is gonna be a complete shit show this year. And I couldn't be more thrilled."
hol on wait let me change some words around lol
thanks love!!!!! i miss you to :)
Believe he's there through 2012-13 school year RT Isn't Gould leaving soon?
Trust me, Geeky doesn't offend me. Thanks for the #FF :)
I'd love to attend #Buzzwords Berlin but the schedule might not work out. /cc
Besides Natural Balance Massage (of course :o), the Belt Pkwy's north view of the bay & Verrazzano Bridge...stunning vista!
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm not even sure what number I'm on with these...
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who actually works for a living.. Not one who has everything handed to him
Thx for following! I hope to meet you at #ArtsTechSF!
Great seeing you too! Which reminds me. Must get ahold of
Don't know what to make of this. On one hand, it makes sense for his #diet, but he is not the only person at the palace.
His mouth should consult his brain next time.
I have heard that yellow jackets are very fashionable these days
Overheard last night at #Relayforlife "My soul is leaking out of my face! God help me, I'm becoming a ginger!"
Just unfollowed you
k go head do it
nvm happy saturday sexy
Happy bday from Cincinnati to
Osweiler will scan defenses at nearly 5,287 feet above sea level in Denver. I mean, replacing Manning is a tall order, but that's ridiculous
YOU HAVE TO TELL SAGE SOMETHING.
Hey frat do u do video editing ?
if you could go back and change somethin' what would it be?
I love the wind it feels good when its hot outside
yep I work a swing where I'm on them 7 days out of the month
A kiss is a 2 in 1 deal
loved #WWHL last night! Full circle moment for you. Cheers
Pancakes. Eggs. && Bacon. ! (: and some O/G on the side ! Yes this is a very good morning before i go to Volley Ball practice and Drill Team
Got a question for the Black Male Summit panelists? Ask here and we'll give it to them!
Republicans who vote for tax increases are akin to ratheads in a bottle of soda.
I'm not! Lmao in just doing my thang
hey guess what, I finally found Fox on my tv tonight!!
every1 tryna keep up wit the Jones'es.... I dont even know them lol! People are too distant from the church
Coming soon to gmail... better ads? Gee. Can't wait.
I Ole McRonald
Ms. Christi just diagnosed me with ADHD. Hahaha
it's gettin to be too cold time to be a caveman
Thanks! You heard from CSSD yet? And did you get Ingeborg's London photos? I miss those days!
cheers to you on taking a leap and enjoying life.
OMFG I GOT CHEESY POOFS! :D
I asked for a gym membership & a month later i don't have one, I dislike you mother. Me and need one for track next year! >:|
awe:( how'd you get her in trouble?
I feel like Navin when he found out his name was in the phone book!
Nash on #GivingShow Top 10 Celebirty #Foundations #philanthropy is a leverage game. measurable impact.
Happening now! tune in MT islandpresident Don't miss Jon Shenk's interview on today at 9AM PST on Los Angeles' 89.3 FM!
if would mean the world if you tweeted me happy birthday! I'm gonna be 13 on thursday<3
what's wrong #MB????
Thanks for listening Regine!
Snooty ass bitches always get what they want
Why aren't u following me?
ha! two baltimore guys on the team, so it's a given...lol
MT : Happy to be w , other gov't colleagues 4 ribbon cutting 4 New American Wing Galleries
#3wordsthatwomenhate Your moms hot;)
Not feeling good at all :(
Forget #Kony2012, let's make #GeorgeZimmerman famous!!! Who is #GeorgeZimmerman!!!!
:-) love it! Cheers!
UGH JOSH WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME
We are just getting started so if there somebody in particular you would like to see on our blog or our site, let us know!!!!
#Bout to take Istep...bummed out dont wanna take it:\
I would give a ball to be at sound wave festival.
#dragrace PICK SHARON NEEDLES
where are you? I might go hangout with Ian... Haha
such gracious words. I lost my mom to cancer three years ago!
Thanks for following me on Twitter!
fool couldn't even smile. 😜
Oh. Lol. LOTS OF STRIPES. GOT IT. Ahaha. Or should I wear my audrey hepburn dress or my sailor suit. JFIOAJOIEWJ
This fish just told me I look very mysterious, and sexy.
haha I'm just playing
He gives really cheap skull
Go caps!
knocking doors for future congressman
Social Media Power Player #SMPP is changing my life & it hasn't even started yet! Think I'm getting a new dream
So hypocritical isn't it? How do they square that with the "grassroots" T-party "movement"? Those=patriots but these=anarchists? lol
It's starting to cook out there. I won't call it Summer yet until opening my door feels like a molten lava pimp slap, however.
SO SORRY to all of you who got a link from me. I got it from some guy and clicked on it. it must have sent it to everyone!
RT : These are precious!
Fuck the Portland Police Department
It was interesting to see some people rage at the Ned Stark stuff. Like they felt betrayed. I sense much worse is coming.
You will get over that soon!
yall rule I love your waffle fries
#SHOUTOUT GO FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK :) X
I was at my cousins house ! >.< &they had the fight. though it ended long time ago.. the a-dults like to talk a LOT. haha
Come see me today at Borders Express in Exton Mall between 1-3pm. I'll be signing The Lipstick Laws.
Almost went to jail today. Scared the crap out of me. Yeah ... those monopoly games get pretty intense.
awww..missed you too! Hope you're doing good!
hahahaha totally ill catch them in my pond n bring them(;
dreaming of London today...ahh the power of netflix!
aittle in action ? Youtube ?
how do I even go about doing that?
I want to buy in when the real estate is really cheap!
Wishing all you Love Birds out there a Happy Valentines Day! Tweet Tweet
: My guy held the curtain for Kelly Clarkson when she played Indy. That story never gets old.
follow me♥
Great & busy weekend! Another amazingly successful client on Sat. & personal retreat on Sun. ~Recommend~
Working on props for shelyn and richies photo booth this Saturday.
"People who soar are those who refuse to sit back and wish things would change."Charles R. Swindoll
Take risks, give chances, face your fears. It makes your boring story interesting.
what's going on Sal?
Checking out twitter
Im OD tired :|
Super excited for my LA weekend, starting tonight with some laughs for a good cause
Go Follow ASAP #teamblackhouse----->
blah blah blah blah testing fb and twitter integration
RT : Depends on whether you want people to watch. <-- Would there actually be enuf content??
yea buddy
