im super sorry we all miss ryan . he will be missed alottt ..........
What Omar texted me > LMAO!
I think i might be a clown for halloween
I think I might be the queen of overthinking things
I hate braces -____-
This is the kind of playoff game I crave - back and forth lead changes, high intensity from the crowd - its like a PWG show.
Tomorrow at the library...2nd Saturdays! Free music and coffee from 1-3pm with the Von Storch Trio. Stop in and enjoy.
All is well pal, thanks for askin. Bangin it out all the time my man.
Good Lord!! Just saw your FB posts--glad y'all are okay.
A2: I have several business mentors that always give me great advice and encouragement ;-)
Mount Pleasant, SC is a #CRE gold mine, if done right. Ben Henrich, developer of Gregg Tract, speaks.
Starting the day right with The Clash's "Magnificent Seven"
Thank you!
Waiting for the next service to start.... Whats up with yall?
I meant no you didnt....
tickets are now on sale for rutland
Mike Mussina was an Oriole? I used to hate that guy haha. Congrats to him.
Three rainstorms today.
#ROBERTSBAD GET IT TRENDING EVERYONE
I'm actually going to dress up as Chef- Boyardee using the chef hat I got from their House Party!
thanks for the heads up!
Ugh so sick I cant fall asleep! I wish would cheer me up with a follow! Luvyouharry!
Everything was good . But shits fucked now .
Don't forget to stop by to checkout Chef Rob's NEW beer battered fish fry tomorrow! It is the newest definition of "The Finest"!!
@ the docs office for my lil jr!
haters will find something else--- plenty there.. life good.. switched to news. i can be a fan again- and see my kids!
98% of humanity is brainwashed.
LOL! I think I like that better than alice.
i wish you can tweet me sometime. Forever a higaholic!!! Less than 3 <3
what if i kissed u right now...
"the data devil" >:-) RT "the data devil"
please please follow me! All u have to do is click the follow button it will really mean a lot to me(:
I know what I'm doing this December. Seeing with my dad.
Sean Payton has been suspended for 1 year. Tim Tebow is a Jet.
"No one likes me cause I'm awkward." GPOY, kid.
Any reviews of Sisters3 in #Clarendon? Currently I use Red Door in Tysons, but looking for something a little closer to home...
"oh hairic jones, you devil" -hannah.
Sometimes, when I say "I'm okay" I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight and say, "I know you're not"
Ok, you can stop talking now. No! It's my birthday and I can say what I want!
hope not but ill remind u though
is BOMB(:
haha yess! Make sure to tell me how it goes lol
Inconsistency breeds insecurity.Remain genuine and consistent in business & personal relationships. That's just good
haha yeah they definitely didnt on that february night
Getting ready to start final wkshop with ! Hold on folks! It's like warp speed when he speaks!! So much great stuff coming FAST!
You know how when you keep reading a word over and over it begins to lose meaning... try reading a book on marketing based on GOOGLE
You all did a great job encouraging voter turnout this year! Congrats on such a successful election.
Rain is so relaxing.
think Johnson county for housing/ schools. best in the area (especially Olathe area)
okay(: how's lion?
When your smallest jeans are too loose>>>>
love you guys too. Have a great time. Tell mom we said happy birthday.
thanks God it's friday
Correction: I will accept posts about miniature golf, sumo wrestling and world's strongest man/woman competitions. That is all.
and will follow me one day. :)
Pregnant Adriana Lima Is Craving Beer - But Not Drinking It - People Magazine
Picking Duff up from the airport for some weekend trade show fun! Go Southwest Food Expo!
Went to church today && did a reading <3
I'd defer to Murtaza on the economics but not everyone wants to start a business. In weak economy mobility is good.
I love the fact you walked around with a cane at your birthday party ! keepin it classy.
Let me make this easy for you.
Everybody follow on twitter and like their Facebook. This is a great campaign that we are going to be apart of;More details soon
Thanks Allison. Although I never saw you on the show, it looks like you have quite the impressive background.
Just bought my tickets to go to the #Brewers #Cubs game! Finally gonna see Wrigley Field, am so excited!!! Let's go
wish this could be a reality today, I meant in the near future, but then yes! Today I must care for kids....
I just need to figure out how to work this whole facebok thing out. Smh its a shame
If we (Pens) can't make the finals then no team from the Atlantic Div should make it. It's the jealous theory if I can't have it no one can.
Dont Say I Did Something When I Didnt
What TV show do you enjoy watching reruns of?
Dammit Blues just scored.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
“: Me an my uncle are about to finish up this XX 24 pack. Now time for the Patron! #Chente2012” sick!
What's with everyone saying #legit?
goodnight twitter
Thanks! Sorry about your guys, must have been quite a 10-minute rollercoaster stretch there.
I really want a bunny. I think that would make me happy. 🐰
Congratulations to Patti LaBelle on giving us great music for 50 years & on the Lifetime Achievement Award!
Great analogy!
Chicago Bulls and Boston Celtics continue to duke it out for first place in the Eastern Conference, who will take it?
Going crazy. Or maybe not.
cause it dont like you
Ready to go homr so I can eat !
ill get back on in a few i had to run somewhere
Even when you stay in hotels whether it be for business or pleasure, turn off that lamp and your TV before leaving the room.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter, thought people followed you on what and how you tweet man
Yes, you never know when a car isn't looking. RT : RED OWL looks both ways before crossing.
gimme a production credick and let's go!
If you aint got a dream you aint got nothin, alotta n*ggas changed on me when i got money
Chapel time wooop ;)
I kno its past ur bed time so hit me tomorrow CHILD! And come wit facts bout ur fave :)
“: Do you think Rickie Fowler will win at Augusta?” no but will have a great career.
what a shame. I feel like iv heard that somewhere. Hi5 for originality.
very creepy
yo thanks for the RT. coffee soon?
I can't remember Frank Whitley (Ruffian) being that tough
thanks for sharing my Facebook page post!
i love how everyone has an opinion on the Tebow situation.. all you can say is WE WILL SEE come September. could be great/bad..
God must love stupid people. He made SO many. :p
Entrepreneurial Lesson #6: Doing a start-up is intensely personal.
anyone at the library in ma 162?
Luis house
omg austin haha you wild child! As if you bit him lool aww your adorable. how much I loveyou ahah <3
Thanks! You got it.
Myrna Gamboa, an administrator involved in the changing of grades, has also been reassigned.
1 more day till the holiday party on Sat! Savage markdowns at art shop! Boozy cider! Noshing! Art!
Bored :( Can't wait for to come over .(:
No matter how things may seem to change, never forget who you are
Just did her best tonite. She should win
Rhymes with? lol
Likewise. Have a great conference!
Did anyone really doubt that Russell Wilson would compete for the job? Not saying he'll get it, but dude impresses everywhere he goes.
thanks. On steroids for now. How are you
Congrats to Phillip Humber.
Attended the Garment Industry Development Corporation at FIT in NYC. It was great! I got to meet so many suppliers. This should happen more.
Daay-uum. That yatch is all jacked up. St Paddy's Day casualty..
-- Napa, wine country. The pastoral setting soothes the senses. I've been there, too.
are any of us really qualified to work???
I used to work on that show. Season 10. Wish I could have slapped people then...
It's here... #OTMonth & #Autism Awareness Month!! Remember to Light it up Blue tomorrow for World Autism Day!!
Should be packing, fuck that
DOUBLE THE LIAM MEANS DOUBLE THE CHANCE OF ME GETTING A FOLLOW (;
Great meeting you too ;-) thanks RT : Great meeting at the exhibition hall. A great leader in CI.
Did nicolette and vinny reall kiss? Or is tht a rumor, I dont really care but I still wanna know:/
why u say that
I like when you mess with me though ☺
I hate when people are alone :(
just replied to herself. awesome!
Court Reporters are a vital part of the legal process and it takes the right Court Reporting Agency to get the job done
8 more days.
Sweet!! Should've heard me w/the guy in the suit who ran over me while trying to board the plane. I was...polite
. Prepares for the post-digital, concerned abt unsustainability (ethically & otherwise) of our machines.
lmao yes it so does!!
"RACIAL PROFILING SHOULD BE A HATE CRIME INVESTIGATED BY THE FBI!!!" Have yal read Tyler Perry's story about his encounter with the police.
City shooting for World Cup final
“: Cali in may? Hmm sound GRAND” No. Alaska this month. It's my birthday on the 8th. 😉
how are you?
BUFFALO WINGS!!! YUMMY!! :)
choir finals.. two hours. BEST. THING. EVER. come together as a family. i love you.
not funny :( #offline cuz of u
When are you moving to Miami? Not any closer to Indiana:(
my fav song is, wake it up by Akon
#np 'You've got the love' (The xx remix) Florence + The Machine
there's still time to find the right person... just don't be late for the appointment.
Thank you so much for hosting such an amazing swap! We had so much fun!
we were there. Thought u were busy trying win a district title.
I hate fake females with a MF passion
Not feeling so great today
having a good day?
9-1 #Dodgers. Giants making it too easy at this point.
Listening to WMYB on <3 off to eat with my mom, uncle, sister, and co-worker :)
Lets go spurs lets go
ohh I would never
What kind of whiskey bar is closed at 10?!
It's always fun when you go to a bar and sit next to group of people who you can tell do nothing, but watch TV.
Gonna pamper myself tonight.
Darby action tonight
Did you get married? Have kids?
Trashed talk by many. Hated by some. Guess how many fucks I give. Its less then one.
Thanks. I need a fact-checker on staff. RT : I think it is arrington.
Happy Star Wars day xD <3 P.L.U.R.<3
Sometimes missing just one person can turn your whole world upside down. <\3
Hahaha. Thanks, Link! :)
That's a good one!
thanks for the mention!
I am reading a great book "new ideas about new ideas". For those who want to make a difference, this book provides powerful pointers.
both accounts have been followed! :)
Whats wrong w/ the hood though!!??
chill I gotchu just wait
lol damn turn down, u turnt up 2 much
i miss you to sis. Im mad at you though
Please foul us!
Let's trade! We need to go hang out though! Soon!
Make you mom smile this weekend! foodsmart has you covered!
WWE should have let take the ECW belt home at the end to at least show it and him some respect.
Contact us if you r a mommy blogger who writes about kids, products 4 kids & parenting please contact me. Free toys 4 the chosen ones
Living my life out loud, this is just a bump in the road... <3
Is this streaming online by chance? Or just use #lodlam here?
I'm having a nightmare watch people do sit ups-NOT ENOUGH RESULTS. #TowelWalk = 2x the results. What is your favorite Core Exercise?
oh yeah its past your bed time
You're Welcome:) Pray And Live Is What I Will Do To Hel You And Him:))
#MyBiggestFear Is pest!
Receive $20 tickets to any performance of GOD OF CARNAGE when you use code word "BULLY" now through 10/7/11 at midnight.
i would'eve smacked her for disrepecting her
I wish. Would be infinitely better.
WAS CHURCH GOOD??
<----looking for sales agent
Sales Co-ordinator Permanent owner/driver due to location. £15k - You will be instrumental in increasing company’s turnover in the service…
MBA is in sight - will graduate next month!!
I wish your yummy chocolate was available more places on east side of Madison WillyStCoop is always out of DkChoc Sea Salt!
dont even fight her in school just gonna get broken up in like 10 secs. and den yall both get suspended. Not worth it
watching cyber bully, so sad :'(
catch my fade
When people tweet saying they hate fake people, does anyone out there actually LIKE fake people?
RT : can you please get to oklahoma?
although the world do us part like I'm going to love you
looking forward to talking #lodlam Nov. 16, 4 p.m. Jones Room Woodruff Library
I'm in! RT : How about we use #UG8 as the hashtag tomorrow.
Def. porn. I think #SNL made it slightly tame.
That does it. I am going to make myself a t-shirt that reads "It's on the syllabus" to wear when I teach.
of ashes of the furnace, and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven
so giving old furniture a new lease on life is the heart of my philosophy. -Nina Campbell
It was great playing cajon with you tonight! Very nice to meet you!
#SkinFolkMovie directors and have just shot videos talking about favorite horror films. stay tuned for the cuts!
seeing some returns popping up just SW of Davenport
Pro tip: just because it's sunny & practically 60 doesn't mean it's warm enough for shorts.
That suggests that it's a show with minimal staying power as much more than a cultural artifact, even then not so sure.
Yes, this is the most relaxing song ever created. #re:stacks
David Brooks: "Mitt Romney is a Jew." I understand the Diaspora comparison, but where's the sense of humor?
Regular or Strawberry.... Either way Stinky is a great way to celebrate Tuesday, or any other day of the week!!!!
What you should know........ Is your answer.
and the award for most flip-flopping contradictory blogger goes to.... make up your mind dude, it's embarrassing.
I blame you
On the hunt for a dummy. Not you Justin...A used manequin in Denver, CO.
Actually, we haven't. But, maybe we should! :)
Is there a tour stop where there is a reputation of less respectful fans?
I need some good running tune recos...oh, and some motivation. Tunes will be easier to find! Any recos?
#favmoviequote "you are not a snowflake"
I'm glad everyone in Twitter knows their Greater Than > and Less Than < your math teachers would be so proud of you all
You're welcome Court. Just get plenty of rest whenever you can and you'll be alright. Getting ready for work. Take care. :)
#roadron #sportingkc Shutting up about Bobby Convey's hair now. He was in perfect position, Roger's feed was perfect, the flip in perfect.
Awww. U r too sweet! I wish I had her energy! Thank u!!!
''Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.'' -Gandhi
the world is tellign #nancygrace she's wrong, but her psycho delusions don't believe us. someone get her a psychiatrist FAST!
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
LOVE! RT The Battlepug by themikenorton The word is out! Battlepug, the webcomic starts on Valentine's Day! www.battlepug.com
great UTP however your video on flu needs updating.. Came home w/the bug not lymphs clogged
Finally found a grad dress!
but my question is, how often is too often to advertise the same thing and not annoy those that check their feed often
pretty funny twitter profile, and qualifications.
/// You niggas NOT off the hook. RT Until the Laker fans win in Round 2 everything you say or shit you talk abt Boston is voided
Come to hudson...dressed up though
That sucks... why can't OSU serve its ban this year when our playing was horrible?
Tonight is the big night, Top 9 Moments of Sports is finally here! Watch 9 News at 6 o'clock for a live shot!
LOVE LOVE LOVE that was on 's power pinterest users list!
hey so your cute right ? And I wanna know if one day you would marry me ;)
): I forgot to say happy birthday!!! So here it is... HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY!!! <333333
rock, dear.
I see u to lol
that sucks! I cut myself with a steel prong yesterday at work :/
Nice! Way to go Mitch! RT : #Nola college students in my office, on conference call with about
RT : He does homebrews too? What DOESN'T do???/ I don't knit.
I fucking love y'all. Even tho isn't following me.
As a child, I couldn't trust my mother to pick my clothes for me, let alone a mate.
has the most beautiful mind I've ever known.
Hundreds of thousands may lose Internet in July: FBI For computer users, a few mouse clicks could mean the difference between staying o
Happy Earth Day to you, too! Make it a good one.
Happy Sunday people!!
loll yup! Pretty much!
#bitcheswhowontdateme Newt's X wife and side peace.
11/11/11 is Nigel Tufnel Day. Tufnel, of course, is a protagonist of "This is Spinal Tap", beloved for his amp that 'goes to 11', making it…
indeed! Oh and I guess it's The Sense of An Ending, but I'm sure you would have figured that out anyway ;)
The Brooklyn Nets are gonna be amazing.
I just wanna make beats and produce hip-hop.
Kanye West 's tweets may be more closely watched than recent episodes of Saturday Night Live . This past Saturday (May.
I wish I had background music playing for however I feel.
WORD UP MA IM A INDEPENDENT ARTIST FROM ATL GA JUST HERE NET WORKING &TRYING TO EXPAND MY MUSIC
And.....we are camping ;)
Really really love spending time in the subtropics of south Florida
Happy World Peace Day! Maybe if more people around the world did musicals, there would be more peace!
Maybe it's a good thing #Rockies were rained out today. They've been outscored 14-1 this year on
the list still isn't up--the link returns an error! hope your talk went well.
goodbye september. hello october!
I remember when Mrs.Price was here and everytime she saw me she'd say "Hi Mrs.Bieber" #imissthat let's get married <3
LOL I think it funny when girls ask u to marry them cause u should marry me:)<3
I seriously hate my 6th period teacher he's such a bitch
Heading home for a few moments then off to Holts and Mecca (Total Wine and More). Fun times :-)
i don't remember that last time i saw one. now i feel like i must find one and use it one last time. :)
tell people you know about us! Tell anyone who met tw! We want their stories!
Love! It just depends on the shape of the bag
More cooks = less cooking.
country pineapple bake | ChinDeep
This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U
That's so psychedelic and local.
Follow for ill tweets !!
#Redneck Smashes #iPhone video over 4,000 views! Thanks and ! Let's get to 5,000!!
1st 25 people at bar, starting 930 get a free pint of Belgo by New Belgium
Loved meeting , the co-founder of I bought greeting cards made of elephant poo. EXACTLY what I needed most. :)
20 #Soccer #Futbol matches tomorrow we will probably find one to take a sniper shot at.
If you would lift me up you must be on higher ground. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Have a delicious weekend
You should open one up. Chipotle is a moneymaker. There always seems to be a line.
It was great meeting you today. Thank you for being so kind to my son.
My two favorite NFL teams: the Seahawks and anyone playing the Dallas Cowboys :)
Health Tip: Start your day today with two 8oz. glasses of water. "Break" the "fast" with ease. Have a fabulous Friday! -...
it was very nice. it was great to see my entire family and spend time with them.
he need what's his he said he was missing some jewelry!
and well flipped by Diplo and Switch for M.I.A.
Real or not real?
Lunch & Dinner =
Thank you for the birthday wishes! I'm lucky I get to dance on my birthday!
Great advice! MT Don't enroll until you can explain #FAFSA to grandma.
Errors costly for Rockies. Ageless one will need some big time help from their bets to get a win.
Oh Tunes, you know there are always thirsty fellows!
penn station
#AskRyan is trending 😱
Installing my wordpress blog...
all right traders we are off to a great week NOW for the big news a new PREPUMP ALERT will be issued today!!! stay ALERT coming today!!!
Give me a break, I had a burger with my boss. You want me to be successful don't you?
ECLARE ACTION GOING ON TONIGHT,
Moving beyond course-based #civeng is key, as is knowing when to step back, let community take lead from Place-based #civeng panel
I cant decide if I should cute my hair like a buzz cut or keep the fohawk? These are big decisions people
you got it babe. #uglycry <3 love you
That'd be awesome!
MY TITS WILL NEVER BE CALMED
“Access to justice is a must have, not a nice to have, in these tough economic times.” -Jim Sandman, Pres., Legal Services Corp.
BOOM SON!
Hoping this hip-hop class will clear away my splitting headache
After 12yrs of living n La Mesa,wifey and I r moving to Eastlake this summer.With her at Eastlake middle&me at the college..
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40
Gov Daniels: "1 in 4 dollars spent are federal. 1 in 3 are borrowed." True?
Already called the pizza man for this
This time won't you save me? Baby, I can feel myself giving up.
Today is either National Rollerblade Day, or I just entered a time portal back to the 90s.
not very magnificent, old and ready to die. barely 100 lbs
October Afternoon: Cakewalk Spotlight Blog Hop
you're creepy #inyourface!
Denny's
Twelve pages of screenplay this afternoon?
Thanks to Alphabet Hotel, August Son and Daniel Clingman for an unforgettable Friday the 13th show at Beer Co!! <3
mine arent bruised but im sore :/
so are you going to follow me back or what?
Ray's next week is fine. Bryan you still heading over?
WHO WANTS A SHOUTOUT FOLLOW ME RT THIS AND REPLY DONE FOR A SHUOTOUT
Weekend's going to be wild. #beerolympics 💚❤💛 #swampstomp 💪👊
I'm trying the tried and true wake-up-at-4am method of academic parenting.
- I saw your website, very amusing. I'd like to follow but I'm maxed out. Would you follow me, so i can follow back?
Lets go swimming. Just step outside.
I'm a grill out
you had a convo with your future wife :)
like who
Sounds like a plan to us!
Working on a scary hip hop beat o
RT : Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.~ Theodore T. Hunger
What I enjoy the most about Sword & Sworcery is its ability to create a mood and atmosphere comparable to bigger style games
hey its Peyton i haven't talked to ya in so long
Week one at podesta group wrapped up. Met some fantastic ppl doing many great things.
Oh well what was the link to the story?
LOL! Oh I see, he's kinda cute for me! LOL! He looks good on the video. :) Its 2:00 AM there?
Happy Wednesday to you, also! RT “: Happy Wednesday, good people! Make it amazing :)”
I think I'm going to have to try this.
Do not attempt to run on Francoeur!
must. stop. working. but SO much is coming up next week!
"Butterflies and Hurricanes" by Muse
Get better soon!
Shhhh! The Vampire Diaries is on.
#17 and my profile picture as my picture? (; thanks!
#2011was Great Cause We Killed Osama. God Bless The Troops.
Now let him carry the damn ball!
Getem!!! Btw I need some Scott in my life. Will I see you in the snakepit??
Yeah that's what I thought
De-duping is my life
well, for me too, jordy seems like a down to earth guy with a sense of humor. Am I right?
Michael, my walk can happen until 7 PM PST but it's with you in mind. :)
30 minute power nap success.
The book, Orphan V, proposal is live on Chirstian Manuscript Submission searching for publishers and agents.
NO YOU'RE LIKE 54.
Any1 know any good songs to listen to on youtube
's solo exhibit at the Image Box Gallery 4933 Penn Ave. Tomorrow 6-10pm By the way hit me up son!
Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic
check my footnotes
Live jazz tonight @ Burgundy Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 5-8:30 burgundybistro.com
I've been crying non-stop this afternoon. The only people to make me smile are &
I Went To One Of Those Doctors That Prescribe “Marijuana Cards”…Then I Asked Him Well How Is It Used? He Told Me To “Smoke It.”
I looked into it. Hated the cobranding part of it. Also, cool look but we don't need beer that cold... I haven't touched one...
Since was not getting enough attention while I work, he decided to hack dramatically in the middle of the rug.
I feel you y'all be carefull😉
living & learning with amazing company with
When you realize you don't know the person you thought you knew...😔
I'm a huge flirt.
Do you have your tickets yet for Halloween Havoc in Dayton, Ohio? Visit www.rocktagonmma.com to purchase tickets.
#thingsthatdontexist a smile datz better than 's smile. <3
We've got some tasty treats for you at Mondays Dishcrawl, Lamb goodness 2 ways, Lemon Beef and a Burger of the Gods accompanied by more!!!
at home wishin someone wld txt ms cause I'm so freakin bored! Blah
Listening to Bruce Springsteen at The Apollo on Sirius 20 E Street Radio.
Thank you!!! <3
peeling like a mother fuckerrrrr
Taken out of context based on your interpretation?
is still up when he has to get up at 10:00 to go to church with his dad and mom. Hmu tomorrow after 12
Carry Methods IWB « Front Line Holsters - holsters for concealed carry
SO TRUE! U never know when it's recorded either, but at least you get to edit B4 it goes live! Looks like the prob is my computer
Cute pics! I'm glad you had fun at Wango Tango.
#Packers shareholders meeting will be July 24. No guests allowed this year; only shareholders of record.
hi people of twitter please follow me
I love you Madison<3-Kelly;)
great job David!!! Let's keep it rolling in miller town. Finish them!!
Feeling the need to simplify my life, so I'll be merging this Twitter account into my next week. Please follow there!
Hell yeah get san antonio next
Are you suffering from drug addiction and have no idea where to find help? For anyone looking for a drug rehab, help is just a click away
#Rain was beyond amazing. Fake Paul winked at me twice!! Other than seeing #TheBeatles , the best performance to see.
Apparently Dwayne Wade is extremely Pro-Life.
Big up to you my brotha!
Melo is damn good
did it involve ur days as a Marine?
Thank you so much to all those who attended and donated at our breakfast yesturday. We beat our goal! Thanks for making a difference!
she’s moving so fast if you blink you might miss her ... gravity cant resist
Shout out to for being such an inspiring woman!
secret life and the lying game tonight
Today's Get Energized tip: Insulate the first 6 feet of both the hot and cold water pipes on the water heater.
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me :) <3
I can't stand DJs who produce a beat and then have someone sing the whole song but the singer only gets a "feature."
wouldn't you have to learn a whole set of new manners when you enter another culture. since the US has so many what can we do?
your bike is pretty rad, gun steel frame.
Yep. Thanks for the perspective, Ken.
"They're really from like Marysville but they say they're from Seattle" about Doug on the Bachelorette -
Enjoy your favorite holiday! !!
u have no energy? What?! Haha why dont u have energy girl?
I think we should include too - Kelsey is in South bay
great memory-jogging tonight! I will -- perhaps it will be part of my dayofdh blog completion this weekend :)
great article on #vegastech... I hope all this happens, though I may have to leave for SF at this point
You're not in Kansas anymore!
something wicked this way comes
New #art New #artshow New #interview New #Job New #Home If Im #dreaming don't wake me up :)
it's a little late on the East Coast!
im not defending her, im just asking why can't it happen? & how is she fake?
hey suga ;-) hope you're marvelous
Lol. RT : Somehow I've become one of those people that's really into Scandinavian electro pop music. Who do I blame for this?
Calling all artists! We are now part of the First Friday Art Trail and would love to see your artwork for consideration to be on the trail!
Win awesome brand new electronics and sweet giftcards at BidFather.com!
My Db is huge from all the different themes and plug-ins I've tried over the years. I should really clean it out!
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. ~ German Proverb ~
#MLBNetwork is pitching the hell out of tonight's #Angels v. #Rangers game. Understandably.
Got my game face on
Yep, "eye surgery" is still traumatic! I was kind of joking around about it but good Lord, it's no joke! I will survive though!
If anyone can do this, Jen, *you* are the one! Thanks so much for all you do for #Joomla!
You should listen to well its old. Its called I shot yya by LLCool j. Fat Joe Foxy Brown remix.
Happy Name Day!
Abt to listen to some music till i fall asleep
what are you trying to accomplish?
RT : Q3)Iif learning pros were to learn one thing from top sports people, what would it be?
Watching Kevin Na try to hit a driver is painful.
Aw, I thought youd never ask hahah
Take the 60day XYNGULAR weight loss for a chance to win $1,000! Contact me! Facebook page~ Xyng4LIFE ;)
Just finished a shoot for my first time in a Universal Studios soundstage! Thanks for making it happen :)
A new creature i just made up lol
Hanging out at Gatorville. Beautiful evening!
So tired
Ryan Braun will see 3 pitches.
The Term "Thick" Is So Misused Nowadays
just got back from Boulder and hanging with the fam.
Sittin right next to lexi........tweetin.......just got out of school and still in my uniform
Honest question: Is there ever any reason I should go to Staten Island?
Happy Easter to our inspirations...the finest. <3 have a good day!!
fanatics in the third ward or replay on north are both good spots
I don't know if it's more important to me to have a baby pygmy hippo or a baby rhino. Now I'm in crisis.
uh, no. no, im not busy. *smiles* how are you? you feeling better?
already turning off #FreeAgents. what a stupid show with zero chemistry between the leads.
I De Clare WAR on the yellow & black team!!! S/O to great pre-game talk with Bob Costas...
THEY JUST SHOWED YOUR POSTER!!!!
Omg my teacher is late for the final
Half a dozen at Kitty Hawk.
say go Cinderella, go Cinderella orgasm blush lipstick & concealer. Devil in a tight dress, girl you a killer & aint nobody realer
Partial family reunion with and
thanks you T
U r comparing mob violence 2 democratic requirements ?
The Ownes brothers are my 2 favorite brothers in hollywood. They are an awesome duo. God bless the Family
don't worry. It's never too latte. :)
Harley Davidson is on-site for a photo shoot! Awesome!
oh yea! alright throwing in the washer right now:)
Good morning! Don't want to get out my warm bed. Keep telling myself I'm up, I'm up.
Just bought the dark blue "Neon Night Variant", thanks for tweeting it!
Beautiful sunrise over the Ohio countryside.
That I must prepare my son 2 live in #America differently from a White father shows that we've yet to reconcile post #Slavery &
Uhh I think that reporter told Thad Matta he was hot...she's obviously drunk
I think the same thing when I read the comments to any js story or editorial. Anonymity breeds contempt?
like i said... me and found a place you will LOVE. and it aint the den...
the posters with the black background? We have extras, call the office after the festival and you can come pick one up.
COME KICK OFF YOUR 2012 SPRING BREAK WEEKEND TONIGHT @ SKY LOUNGE !! 2ND. STREET & WASHINGTON.4 DJS PLAYING YOUR FAVORITE HI HOP MUSIC. 18+
I don't understand my sleep patterns. Not tired at all now yet in 35 min ill be exhausted. Will get 3.5 hrs of sleep and be wide awake.
I can't stand when fat obese bitches cut me off while I'm driving and then mugg me with their fat face
We're putting finishing touches on it now, but word should be out very soon.
RT : RT : "If you don't try you won't make it, if you don't make it you didn't try."
Its cinco de mayo O_O I need to go to 5th street or arimingo.
Determined to hit the gym at least 3 times this week.. been slacking!!
I think we need to go to Pandolfis again! That was fun
I really really hate the steelers... With that said i hope they beat the broncos by a million. Tebow needs to know his place as a back up rb
What are you here for?
The organizers of SlutWalk got together yesterday at Humboldt Park to see the location. It is perfect! Let's fill it up!
yes it's true:) are you also rihanna fan? or you're rihanna?
Am I the only one who DOESN'T think I'm gonna win the lottery tonight? LOL!
If I'm on my way home around then, I'll crash it for 5 minutes. Who is with you from Truscott Rossman?
or that spot in Brandon. Lol
and a big congrats to you as you got before the gossip...you are all so smart!!! u knew what he was capable of!
I hate the library computers!!
....a unique Poetry Contest (there's antique typewriters involved!) on April 24 at the Southern Cafe & Music Hall on the Downtown Mall.
thank you so much
Watching 'A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash'. and I can't help but feel we're sheep mingling in a herd. If I was in power, I'd be hating life
Yeah, I got all weepy watching the Parks & Rec season finale at 1 a.m. last night, my ears still ringing from the Flogging Molly show. So?
I just realized I spelled dessert desert. My bad!
stand in front of your fridge in you underwater drinking from a carton.
3 more to go!! ;-) RT : you made it through the early morning! Woot woot! ^_^
I know, right!
Women just don't get it. Ad far as treatment is concern, men will only give you what you accept
Horrible second half for Wade & James. It's one game I don't see that happening again but can't happen with Bosh out as well.
Just added to the #wfx expo floor
we need to accept that print books are dead. Accept it and move on
RT : Yo - come give the a wave after May 5th game || : I'll do it... looking forward to it
we're working on a new exciting thing
awh thanks love :) x
#ilookforward to seeing LE boyfriend Saturday ❤
In the mood to go in the pool.
That would be great! Would love to catch up!
my eye doctor loo
does creativity require solitude?
imagine if was the DJ at your sweet sixteen.
i nvr had a prom date and was actually lookin foward to havin one. i just been havin bad luck all yr :(
If you have multiple events or practices in one day make sure you are keeping carbs with you to refuel.
All you know is all you need to be great
he may suck but he has 20+year history w NY sports,some emotional appearances after 9/11.But I know Green is military& better.
How lucky we are to be so close to you. The aroma. The lift. The perfection. Ah.
you pitching a perfect game today?
Hey Portland bet your having a great Monday...
everybody shoe some love 2
#TexasFilmHallOfFameAwards a night to remember.
I'm just gonna starve myself tomorrow
I wish man! It's just not possible with his leg injuries. He's to slow. Old tmac was amazing.
Ha my nigga i gotta come down to Balitmore chill with you my nigga been to long
Haha yeah me to(: thanks i think she is to(;
God must have spent a little more time on
My Arbitrary Day presents are going to make you barf up your puffin out of pure envy.
Little 2much fun :) RT: So much fun at last night! late morning for me ”
If i'm ever on life support do not pull the plug no matter what my signifigant other or family say.
Question of the Day: How are you sabotaging your own success?
Lmao yea I'm up here now bout to swap the phone out
that would be nice.
Looks like a Tuesday Night home game for the vs the #Clippers or
Maybe next time, if we're wanting to save money on operators, we should consider parrots.
Your mission to discredit and disparage teachers will fail because parents and students know the truth of what we do.
thank you so much! Hope to see you soon!
What's considered more dominant -- sweeping a team though each game was decided by 2-3 pts, or 7 game series where 4 wins were by 15+?
i just tried to be the nice guy.
I am coming over for dinner
Do you feel a disconnect between your web presence and the character of your business? I can provide a fresh redesign. Email
Dear Injury Gods, What....the hell...did we do to enrage you so? -
why the hell did glee try to remake that song , their version is horrible
Why do people get married only to brake -up??!!
random.. But we learned about it in art history. Its an irish thing. Then the christian or chathlics (cant remeber ) stole it
She rocked
I like it! They burgers big! RT : What is WHATABURGER hittin on these days?
Madea is funny as hell xD
fans! Send us your #raunchy shirt ideas. Nothing is off limits! If we #like your idea we'll definitely give you props!
Omg my brother drives slow
Did Jewel get her grill fixed? # thevoice
Even if you don't like me I bet you fall in love with my ride
I have emotions/smileys on my phone and it's got loads of smileys :) and symbols 😃 hope that helps x
Officer Kimble on duty guarding tanker trucks.
and that is the gazillion dollar question I've been pondering the past 24 hours. If you figure it out please share.
that was a surprise -- TT must like what he sees - let me know when u get sound from him!
Entrepreneurship is the pursuit of opportunity without regard to resources currently controlled. - Howard Stevenson
#nw Belly. This movie is the shit
HB 1075 would effectively reinstate Arveschoug-Bird formula, which was on books from 1991-2009. Ample evidence it’s bad policy.
Going back to watching ID Channel.
I love you baby *_*
where is that?
Is the Warped 2012 Compilation CD in stores already?
Not New York v. New England #already seenthismatchup
“: On top of everything just blew all our minds this weekend!!!”
lol not gonna lie I sat front row and tried to reach out to the screen
Perfect! I have received requests for orgs too. Looking forward to your post.
I love that you still follow Universal Hub. Even in SF, the Red Line is still breaking down in your heart.
“The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.”
Thanks for the RT We're absolutely looking forward to #ITACityLIGHTS! It's going to be great!
Ah! Thanks for the info! Sorry to hear people are doing that! But happy it wasn't a clue!
Me too RT : Open invitation to Mike Francesa to have me on the air today to talk the business of horse racing...or Twitter
Excited to meet with and pivotpointcom! If only we were
Good day, y'all :) just sitting in the woods by the lake. May hit up the tube behind the jet ski in a bit. What are you up to today? :)
The holy grail of an online community is intimacy and quality relationships.
what!? howd you get more followers than me?? lol
Do not allow yourself or others to be defined by your limitations, but rather, abilities. - Eric Duquette
look, aren't you fed up with asking the guy such stupid questions? If he finds a girl friend, he'll keep it a secret!
John Foley, the chairman of Metropolitan Water District, voted to award $9 million in contracts to firms that paid his wife as a consultant
Glad you made it out last night. Fun times! Don't worry, this home is very much permanent, despite what some apps say.
Ted Kluszewski wants a word
so confusing
Follow me :)
those are dope man, good luck
New site is slowly coming together.
Love this! #Boston RT : The time for average is over ~ bring something extra to the game!
it had everything you said you'd support so time to show you mean what you say
I love you too. <3
Work hard play hardd
if you have any information regarding the whereabouts of tommy hecht, last seen saturday night on water street contact the milwaukee police.
lmfao i love the boyz impressions
my breakfast should be sex -,- but no i'm drinkin water😔
We are the Computer camp generation and we are going to take over! Go Gen X
And, of course, thanks to you!
pass that
Join me, members of the and our VERY SPECIAL GUEST at "In The Mix" May 2012 on May 17th!
went to dinner so i'm recording myself singing bass parts on everything. is playing kazoo solos.
I changed it..im gonna dm it to you now..
Mark, welcome to #CreativeGood. If you have any questions, let us know. cc
Driving up north to deal with a civil suit. My attorneys have it on lock though. We're taking the bullsh*t to trial & the defense will rest.
: 3 out of the 4 lrgst financial institutions are bigger today than b4 financial crisis began
you seem like the type to love 'em & leave 'em
Rick also think that only lesbian women should be allowed in army, and we should reinstate DADT for men only.
Sometimes I would trade my soul for a Wendy's chicken sandwich, but I guess the sandwich is worth more.
I will teach you some interesting words! Go ahead and ask! Free #PortugueseLessons for all :)
Tornado watch? Ehh I want a California roll tho!
Just linked with and in 3 days will get my first shipment. You might never find me at the mall again.
That is exciting news, ! Consider it a holiday gift from all of us here at Safer!
Thanks for nothing
I'm good to go for #cfobjective. Presentation done. Demo done. Tested. Retested. Handouts ready. Practice talk tomorrow.
good morning sweetie!!! =)
what subject are you best at?
What time is it?? game muthafuckin time ..
it was great seeing you! You look amazing thanks doll!
Love, love, love my new boots. I'll be getting a ton of use out of them!
lol im not innocent. only thing holdin up my halo is my horns. lol
Thanks man, it went well. Now it's sit and wait time.
Awww well hell with this teachers gossip more than students
Thank you! *does happy dance*
Hugo Boss sample sale prices: outerwear/jackets/dresses first $99, second $49, skirts/jersey/denim/tops $29
Obama just said that he thinks same-sex couples should get married.
Thank you, Lisha!
Kate Bush's Wuthering Heights
Thoughts on calling you all disrespectful for using his moves?
he a unknown as* rapper brah 50 way nicer than u cuz
Got teary eyed watching #TheAvengers ! Absolutely loved it. Way better than every individual movie.
Mr. College Boy Store Clerk, you get brownie points for calling me "miss" instead of "ma'am".
And what's more valuable, 100's views on YouTube OR 5 views (legit leads) on MLS / agent site that?
2900 here we come! If you don't like us on FB yet get to it! We want to know all of you wonderful people. www.facebook.com/fallencaptive
i know how tht is
Facebook says we're friends, but trust me…I wouldn't hesitate to throw a chair at your face.
Interesting article! We're working on living up to our motto of "The City that Reads" through sponsoring literacy programs
I am a registered voter, and very proud of that. Pro-equality, progressive, and proactive.
How are you suppose to keep 1yr olds from pulling hair? I have tried everything!
Get a job&make your own money then go shopping. Ungrateful as muthafuckas. Quit being a whiny bitch cus you can't go shopping.
Pissed off an Usher last night in the 6th when I jinxed the whole game by saying "This is going by quickly tonight!" Game still ended 10:30
You are welcome my friend -
Lyrical Trilogy will be opening for TWISTA show at The Clubhouse in Tempe on the Feb 21st. Dont wait get at me for THE tix only 20...
Eyes watering
` Cn't wait for the courtwarming game (:
Syracuse basketball is what I am watching! Lets go #Cuse!
working with today
uh..your a little busy andy ;)
yes but we have the air on. the upstairs is roasting hot. we have two cool rooms downstairs.
I look like shit.... Good thing no one care :/
“: Miami females what it is!”IONO???? The water????? Lol
why am i such a loser i should really just say hi!!!
*point and laugh* hahahahaRT “ Off early on a Saturday thank you Jesus” << jealous
Unbearable Doer Of Wrong - Curse The Son
A as well!
Happy New Year's everyone! Can't wait to sing at Dixieland. And hang out with :)
i cannot wait till friday!!
shoot at least your doing more than me.. lol I need to get my so called fat A** in a routine..
bang bang
Love Bob Marley!!!
I am so afraid of listening to WP too much that one day I'll get tired of them :( that thought is so heartbreaking
You aren't really beautiful until you believe it.
Hey UV-free tanners! The VERSA SPA machine will be set up on 12/12 and will be ready to use in the evening! We'll keep you updated ;)
thanks for the coverage of today CEO of
Blended some raw Irish moss in to my smoothy. It's loaded with protein, A,B,C,D vitamin and lot of other life-enhancing nutrients.
dearest couldn't let another day go by without thanking you and saying howdodyoudodude?
We should always have time to review our life to ensure we are heading in the right direction.
Referrals are like finding onion rings in with French fries.
her mother gives me life. That is how you live at 76! Love some Mrs. Shirley!
You're a humble guy buddy, you're on your way! Come see me soon!
Why do it seem tht we forget how far we really came.
Tebow time? Next season can't wait!
yea oh we better! Lol
I just heard HEALTH in a Max Payne 3 ad. WHAT THE FUCK YOU GUYS
None that I can think of RT : Rain in #Texas. Is any sound sweeter these days?
feel kind of stalker right now. I want to reply every twitter of my following one's. Am I nuts? OMG
call me now !!!! Lol
Any composers out there using a licensing site where you upload your music to be used for TV/Film? Pros/cons?
Rails for Zombies much?
Time to sleep. This princess needs her beauty sleep 👸👑💙
I love watching #GPSCNN with He's just brilliant!
come to Vegas and see with us!
MORE: The matter has now being turned over to CPD.
Studies show that #fruits and #veggies make you cuter! How awesome it that!
So damn hungry!!! -_-
1871- Canada set it’s currency in dollars, cents and mills.
Life is painful, nasty and short... in my case it has only been agonizing and wicked.
Thanks, Bob!
im so glad I have u to look up to. U follow ur dreams and ur beyond beautiful(jelouse) :)
you wish it was yours, bitch.
Ill be in Illinois tomorrow. You're still the nicest lady I've met thus far :)
Bracket Time
Are you done with your mock?
So, when are we getting married?
how is that possible?!? We are having a Titanic drinking night when we are both in the same town again! :D
Matthew Broderick, hands down, best commercial!!! :D
Come on in for some piercings with John D. today! Also Gustavo still has some openings for tattoos!
Actually, the older I get I think the less mature I am...it is a regression in progress.
“An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered.”- G. K. Chesterton
Pet First aid classes - who knew? Karla Perez, of Fido & Co., teaches a class this Saturday (619)295-9663
Good luck!
I'd be happy to eat either of those. But I'm eating cheese and crackers instead -__-
Besides being paid from clients... I love getting to work directly with them and hear how happy they are with my work... go freelance!
Live screen printing demonstrations at bohemian market downtown at 345 sixth ave by consuul! Come check it out!
Mango Mimosas, anyone?
I like orange in my twitcon <<<
Thanks so much for the mention!
I'll make it just for you!!
If by today you mean at the Congress Theater show, then yes! That was me! :)
Mr. Fitz and Dr. Wren
Hey holmes! Hold it down in Minny for me! Have a great week!! xx
woo hoo! meal plans are awesome even if they are pseudo lol
Hey babe, Can we make a porno together?? 8 piece wont hurt u!
www.scoresluda.com It's the joint.
Will I even be friends with the same people this time next year?
My hair is so red. I'm so ready for this Peter Pan job!
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
I do... Price Restoration.. I need to find his number.. Do you need it designed too?
lol im learning but he is obsessed
So tired or the FAKE. Where is the REAL?
I love South Padre Island, but don't have enough beach time. Paragraphs continues to grow it's customer base around the RGV.
Night My Peeps
#kids Omnimax Shows at Carnegie Science Center, Sat, May 12 11:00a: Watch a movie on the largest film frame in the motion picture...
Let the beating begin.
some weeks are so much harder than others...i miss my boy already #lonelywithouthim :(
Yes I do! What's up??
she hott, we need to Colab asap
Cats and dogs. Ninjas. Chaplin. Futurama. Peas. Coffee. Futbol. :) Dorothy Parker or Flannery O'Connor?
Comgrats Ramon Purcell and Darren Edwards, new co-presidents of ASMP-SD
The world is a business, Mr. Beale.
Blew dance auditions. :(
tommorrow is #trainthursday When u go 2 train museum & show ur tic get free kids scoop w/adult scoop purchase
Sure, I can recc'd tons of material for you to read . . . what's your 'bent' these days? Bent = current passion/flavor/interest?
Saturday mornings are a great time to stop by and browse our lot! Melloy Dodge is located at 9621 Coors Blvd.,
I think you have a secret side that all of us rocketeers dont know about.
ehhh not too practical either
8:40 can it be nap time already?!
some luke bryan & kenny chesney to end the day. ina country mood today.
My RA tells me that BADGES are the new DIPLOMAS! This reminds me of Boy Scouts!
Did ya guys makes it??
nice quote
I accidentally flyered my own car. It was a good evening.
#Sixers back from the dead with plenty of time left. Only down one.
Woo i turned 24 today (:
Aren't we lucky Milwaukeeans? RT Saw the lake steaming this morning on way in to work. Beautiful.
can you guys cover Rocketship by Shane Harper? Or Can't Stop by The After Party?
thanks for the shout-out! Nice going on those kick ass morning ratings!
Im retweetin this all day today
Stay simply beautiful <3
be strategic about color, sometimes the strategy is to have no strategy
Cape coral?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being doubted
When Huey Lewis sang about wanting a new drug, was he really asking for an iPhone?
Indeed!:D
Just tapped a sixtel of Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald Nitro. Perty little beer on a day like this.
haha that's awesome, i need to start working out at your gym. that's prime people watching right there.
I fully expect a torrential downpour in roughly 15 seconds.
Halftime show = disappointing
Heading to grocery store to stock up for the big Thanksgiving feast!
6th seeded #Aztecs are actually underdogs heading into Friday's game against 11th seeded NC State according to Vegas odds makers
Awhh shanks my dream just came true<3(:
nothing . *I Love Him*
I need to start tweeting about meaningful stuff instead of useless crap lololol
Thanks for the follows and belated thanks
Wake up in the morning feeling like CRUD.
Flying is simply throwing yourself at the ground and missing
🌵 Thalia is in Mexico already 😊😳
Beautiful day for a BBQ. We're at the south end of the park. Come join us!
Glad you like the planting them, BTW nice avatar : )
RT perhaps a driving tour down the east coast is called for this summer. / we'll leave the light on!
so when are we going thrifting...?
which makes no sense because tiana's prince gets to meet people
Goodnight twitter, see you in the am.
This school doesn't have an damn tissues.
I hate when he don't text me back, too busy for me
39 Essential Tools for Marketing Your
ok, i'll have to figure it out when i get home in a few hrs. gave it a shot on the work computer. i'll let you know! thanks!
It's National Bike to School Day tomorrow! Will your kids be participating? Maybe they deserve a cone after school?
Rocked the #alamw12 5k this morning then went back to bed for 2 more hours
I especially loved the Sabotage section (my favorite Beastie Boys song).
One World Trade Center reaching new heights in New York. See the progress on
Me: "the volume won't work" Him: "you're holding the remote upside down & pushing the wrong button."
Who knew it was so hard to de-jarganify academic speak. Decreasing Flesch-Kincaid reading grade level is much harder than I thought. (-_-)'
Prom is today? Time flies O.o
Thanks for the follow. Unfortunately we're just a disaster- nothin' beautiful about us...
Hardcore practice yesterday. We got a new song down added to our set, its the first song after our intro. Lyrics are being made soon!
Loved this quote, thanks for sharing. Hope you're following me as well.
it is pretty legit
aw, thanks love!
it takes more than a movie to pay me back...you guys are missing out on
it is hot as hell i need something cold to drink or something lol
": M that sounds good." Too bad it made me sick:/
San Antonio: Dense Fog Advisory until 10AM. The rest of the week cloudy, humid and breezy with showers. Today AM fog, then m/sunny, high 78
The most annoying text message: "So are you not talking to me anymore?" #somebodytellmewhy you have nothing interesting to say...
yes!! that other app sucks!!! >.<
I say what ever is on my mind
The true impact of #Easter is just incredible. He died just for me.
solid desire for any day. Happy birthday and good to meet you Friday!
Lost the mic attachment for my Control headphones. Any way to request / purchase a replacement?
Slowly fading
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Of course, apologies to the non-librarians who are about to be spammed with conference tweets.
This year going by super duper fast
When it's something I want, it's a right. When it's something you want, it's special treatment.
: we didn't have any science ha but
The Pitsburgh Pirates are actually a bad ass team
For a great life coach who can help you put the passion into your life #Follow-->> for daily advice.
Is Raymond Felton the most hated Blazer since the Jailblazers era? Listening to the radio today, the ire toward him is very un-Portland-like
YES...I've proven that high-quality steak CAN be successfully slow-warmed in microwave without sacrificing much flavor. Office smells great!
Aye . Saw The CUTEST Boy At The Mall . ;-*
and she is certain all the green is for her! Lol!
Yesterday but yesterday he didn't creep... /:
"Justin likes to sing in the shower , he probaly uses Jerry as the microphone' LMAAAAOOO I love this fanbase so much <3
Yes! Tweaker did open that one.
I just held the bathroom door for Tufte himself.
Girls who have boyfriends that upset you shouldn't be able to drive
DUHH are you kidding!! ": so is making me tweet. Are you happy?"
Where is this Jordy Nelson BS coming from?
Gracias! I can now officially graduate... And then take the boards lol
way to not stop bc that was a little rough. Our abs will thank us later, and our hearts can thank us now.
You there now?!
I get it, I just don't like it. It bores me. I live in NYC; I see people all day in the street
Just opened up: HR internship# in NYC# and Sports marketing internship#NYC for college or high school summer internships#
problem is you HAVENT been to Cancun, you were in Cancun Fla. I was exchange student for 2 years downtown is fab
my cube smells of candy corns and today, that's a good thing.
We need to chill this summer!
its crazy how time can change alot of things
Damn.. I forgot my G was gettin out da max today!
: ahh have one near me .would bring u some if I lived close
anyone know if Persona 3 is any good? all I know about it is high school kids shoot themselves in the head alot.
I Get My Main Answer Within 3 Days <3 :]
Thank you so much!! xo
No such thing at D3.
not yet, just found out today. Menu is posted, no prices. Hopefully it's not too pricey.
Today was so long:)
Hipsters and Librarians are well suited. Both are over educated and the majority are underemployed.
Nvmd, i got some
Can we get a follow... Orphanz™
Marsha sounds terrible!
if you know somethings gonna piss me off why do it ..?
Im up >_< but I slept very well im not tired :Pb
Duke University MBA Program : How to Apply | Higher Studies
I am voting for you!!! All the best! I agree with your stand on all issues. I think the US needs help, you can do that for us!
There is more than one?
^NB I can help, what r u trying to do? Share files?
sorry. so it's plantable
<<< Have you looked at the Les Mills Pump?
Next week is Teacher Appreciation Week. It's the perfect time to look up a favorite teacher and say "You know what? Thanks."
any freaking time :)
superluv is my fave song, my summer song is Summertime by Fresh Prince and DJ Jazzy Jeff
I hope everyone has a great weekend!!! :-)
great! Will send you dets soon
Hello . You're beautiful . For a potatoe . And I think I might wear my Jesus shoes tomorrow . Okay bye<3
I'm bout to bring the cd player back. All those cds just sittin around...
It means someone is overly self-indulgent and hasn't figured out how computer cameras work.
me and my bro were just talking about that fight. I'm so down! Jones is a effing beast
My rhyme styles unorthodox.
So....did the Orioles win?
Microsoft Remote Desktop Disconnection....
I can't wait for Top Golf in Allen to open.
Probably, but you got to reinforce good behavior even if it's late to the party.
Need a reason to be an artist or designer? The average American spends 97,864 hours at work. Shouldn't you have a job you love?
I'm excited for tomorrow morning for some reason
: if I do the doctorate, I will officially smash it out of the ballpark.
I want to lol
Annual #HawRiverCleanUpAThon tomorrow 11-1pm. Meet at Grove at 11am to take part in keeping this river beautiful. Thanks for your support.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who makes you smile :)
Low interest loans would help!
Today, Was the Most Awkward Day Today in My Life.
ok ok, it was easy :)
All the so-called 'secrets of success' will not work unless you do.
IT'S THE SAME SHIT
Haven't done my research yet, but a few names in mind. Want to do it right since it'll be a long term relationship.
feeling the call of ski season. It's just around the corner...
Adventure filled weekend complete with new friends & new bars in Venice (Santa Monica?) explored! Now back to the grind...
im not even gonna start....
Thanks for the follow Wendy!
Even if your not LGBT, please sign the petition located in my other tweet. ALL humans have the right to life!
RT Is it really Red Friday? Or is it 'Red Friday if the bastards were winning?' I think it's Blue Friday
Founder of Seal Team Six Says US Must Attack Iran - American Free Press
Marquis Who's Who: Ben, Congratulations on being selected for 2012 Who's Who in America! 95,000 of USA's highest achievers
Im having a W.T.F. moment?"
U another Sicki Garbaj using 's name 2 get your out there,pathetic!! People with real talent prove they earned a spot
They got married in the temple in Arizona last weekend.
where at?
we may need to wait until tomorrow to have the race. vs
good, that place gets dead
Talk about embarrassing hahaha
Water damage can cause termites, and mold. Lets us fix the problem. 305-232-3344
thank you! :)
Holdin resentment towards another is like swallowing poison and waitin for tha other person to die, they go on w life while u suffer
“: .lol shout out for shout out I think !” lol I know now lmao
no and im sitting here thinking y im even alive and Crying my eyes out.....
DICK IN YO FACE
Nashville, starting the year off in New Orleans, about to take on the great
Wet Practice!
Great meeting today with our distributor #UNMPress. Thanks for all the uber helpful info on e-books!
rent a grandma is trending on Yahoo...thats funny and odd!
We already know #TDCJ prisoners cant talk to international family. #Texas hates cell & VOIP family too apparently... And the 21st century...
The annual Fry-B-Q is back this Saturday: "you buy, we fry" - bring anything edible and they will fry it!
I can see its going to be impossible to get you to follow me
Bring the whole family and celebrate the holiday with us tomorrow. The museum is open from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Happy Veterans Day!
That which describes us needn't define us.
well - I can't fault you liking the Habs - they are Hockey! Rich history for sure
I did that once. The cops were PISSED.
Need to find someone else new. And who loves Set Your Goals as much as me.
Query: if I'm going 2 wear black, why not rewear dress from 1st #blackchampagne?
If you drink coffee why not drink healthy coffee! :www.energyconnection.organogold.com
well ok I will stay on for ten more mins ok :)
Heather's house is really nice. I'm not mad at her. :-)
The way it conjures up people from your past, maybe Facebook is really just a social Ouija board.
throw it already
WEATHER BLOG: Thunderstorms? « CBS Baltimore
That's pretty odd... and lucky! Sorry you got broken into, but I'm glad your thieves were bad at their job.
MT : Fantastic striped bass at Ma Peche. But why call it "Montauk" fish -- unless it's poached? No legal NY stripers till 7/1.
Ahw great! My friend will be happy to hear that :) if we get together later you could thank her in person!
Sorry but the link you issued is bad.
Haha! I totally freaked out!!
Yuck. At least we had a 6 run 9th.
Plays MR Fest tomorrow night!! 11:30 - Texas Music Theater
Morning Jeremy!
Is it difficult for you to follow me ?? Follow me, please ♥
I would. Feel free to hit up my mgr for details :)
I'm fasting from social media today so I'll make this quick...I am so so so so SO glad is not with that Marlo chick anymore!!
Aw just saw this, thank you lovely!
before I meant and okay
I would love that!! I need to get a new Skype profile- this is the perfect inspiration. Can't wait to hear her updates.
Getting myself a gluten free pizza right now! Full report to follow. #celiac #gfree #
Good to see you Friday! Big week ahead right?? Keep me posted!
My mom is guna kill me for giving her good umbrella to my brother but he walked me to the car after church and didn't have one
Been saying this for a while...#Sonos is the poor mans music mecca for your home. Add iphone, Spotify & Pandora & bam! a Smart Home
Nope, not going to LA this time around. I'll meet up with you and another time!
I've come a long long way now I'm feeling invincible.
what time is it over? We tryna fall through
When was the last time you replaced your washing machine hose? Prevent water damage:
funny. When you couldn't sleep I was getting up for practice...#sowrong :)
I recognize that dick!
thanks man. I work right next to Reagan National Airport so it flew by pretty close
!!!! Do it to em RT : Oh RT : MAVS fans jus need to go to bed, dnt make me pull out my broom
Being a college bookstore manager, plus #beef producer equals very busy life this time of the year.
hahahahahahhaha no not you promise!
No problem! Oh, by the way. My sorority is having a golf tournament on the 14th. I can get you the details if you and some ...
Do you want to start an online healthy coffee business?
on the way!
It's official! and I have booked a trip to NYC! Cannot wait to see the #Cattelan show at !
#fridayreads: You know when you finish a book and you miss the characters? That feeling = THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU (ARC) by
transient zombie?
The SEO agency email spam must stop!
Excited to be with in Tonight's film: -- Toxic spraying continues 2 yrs after
♪I'll Never Let Go Never Say Goodbye♪
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
a while ago, cause I called u nd u said ima call u back. Nd it never happened
my crib.
Life is what you make out of it. sometimes you have to take the good with the bad, but the total outcome is on you,
I didn't know they had TV 143 years ago. :)
What movie?
Advisors, watch this one! MT : #Finovate #Iquantifi showing financial goals on a timeline. Slide goals around & system recalculates
were you are the women in science event tonight?
Happy energy is flowing!
I'd buy for my daughter if it was polish like piggy paint...non toxic. That be the perfect product!
hahahahahahahah we are in the same shoe lol so wat do yhu suggest we shld do bae x
Thanks for the follow :)
It's really charming, for sure. Lots of dogs to play with on the sidewalk today too.
well, i met andy and jordan outside, and on stage i waved to andy, we smiled back, waved to deryck, he waved back and smiled (c)
throw ur body kiss; so delicious..when we french kiss ;D <33
Got that BLUE DREAM on deck, put your order in. going fast. Be out by too night.. Off today making rounds.
Fellow gamers: Thinking about unloading my Mage Knight collection. Mostly first-edition stuff. Any idea how to figure out their values?
#Studio flow then off to tha
wow..cool..i don't know how to use this thing called instagram..hopefully i can play wid it tomorrow.
The new Defenders series has really renewed my love of the Defenders.
“The differences existing between nations and peoples will soon be annulled, and the fundamentals…” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá #239DaysLive [1/2]
I would have been a month on the 6th...
Where were you?
im not sure i see this going anywhere.. maybe we should stop this
Thanks, biz must support the communities that support them!!
Im watching looks cute...!
Don't you think getting people talking is doing something?
Had fun 4 my sister birthday Happy 21st Birthday Girl Love You!!!!
have you ever had beef stroganoff? ..did you like it?
It's demo time! It never ends, does it?
omg, I've been wanting to for the longest time
Somewhere, a publicist says "Doh!" RT Enjoying last of truffles sent by mysterious publisher/publicist. No note in the box.
I dont like creepers that stare like hardcore stare, like wtf?
can I be lana del ray?
Hey, Zendaya! How are you?
what trolls? Lmao
I wanted Michelle Williams to win so I could look at that outfit some more!
Wow! Only 5 days until #THEDRAMAYEARS hits book stores near you! So proud of you and all of your many accomplishments <3
ain't no town pool that shit the YMCA nucka
idk but im going with a bunch of people from 8th grade to the same hs so thats good
got Sum Soup : )
Me and auss quote the notebook to each other. <3
lucky u
are you with paul? or..
Probably don't say this enough: Thanks, Jeff Buckley.
Solis Energy is heading to Miami,Fl Jan 25th for the IP-in-Action LIVE 2011 USA and Global Events! If you come say Hi! www.SolisEnergy.com
you mean ass creed bros. was that a convention you posted from? i'm catching up...
I've been married for 15 years, is it free internet? Seems like a fair trade! :-/
wow, cnn and msnbc taking foxnews to task...
lol if you listen to Meek mill live freestyle and listen to flexing on his mixtape..same damn thing
Sawyer from Ratliff gives its largest lead at 5-2.
oh yea..all orders will be entered into our contest to win a copy of MLB The Show '12 for PS3 or PSVita
#Kubuntu is up on my #xenserver now to see if I like it.
Shut up and whats wrong LOL
uhm i can only see 5 of my mentions and two of my favorites ?
Wait a minute...You didn't steal the cookie from the cookie jar? Then Who???
Y'all should follow & get them to 400 followers. They're pretty legit :)
I like Joe Paterno's work ethic and legacy as a football coach, but we must put our children first, :., I totally agree with the decision.
If the #Kony2012 guy had his way, we'd be covering the night with something a little more disgusting than posters.
happy birthday to my lame ass brother....... happy birthday to him!!! xD <3
2012! It's the year the illuminati is going to take over the world through the youth nd kill us all!!! D'; LOL!
Thanks for the mention!
I know. D;
I can't envision Dark Shadows being any good since all the commercials for it are focused on Burton/Depps past work & not this film at all…
