I have a small crush on after his concert in COMO!!! So damn SeXY!!! AH OMG
Maan , lollipop just came on my pandora station. Song is so old!
Trust your instinct to the end, though you can render no reason. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our next show will be in #Indianapolis Jan. 20 at with The Lemonheads. You can get pre-sale tickets from us.
“: is she even online? Lol” I don't even know lmao!!(:
when people tweet my gifs i get so excited idk c':
Twitter...fb....flour....&....ice describes me right now!
LOL!! let him slide his bday in in like 28mins I love how doesn't love me anymore & neglects me.
i mean c'mon everyone, don't send hate. really, they are humans too and have feelings. and if you send hate it won't make the boys who like
#quote The trouble with referees is that they just don't care which side wins.Tom Canterbury
i love pearl jam!
crisis averted? Miss ya bro!
you can hang out in our room :) haha.
Awww, that's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. Barf, barf away... the sweet sound of retching during SWEETS.
Nortman Bradley? Sounds like Milton's long-lost brother in the minor leagues.
{Savour the wholhearted smiles/laughter/happiness you share with your spouse/family/friends. They are special.}
hehe thanks for rt your own quote! Nice meeting you today for just a few moments. Great panel !
Hope to meet you at #TXLA12!
Damn I love you.
Sad to see go. understand. the loudest ppl r the always the dumbest. Peace and much CLE love to you bro.
Good advice from PR hall of fame honoree Dave Senay: Don't spend time regretting the past or fearing the future.
NICK JOHNSON STOLEN BASE!
seen them 2X, such an energetic set, warning they drink a lot especially Kyle
I got tats up on my arm cause this shit is life.
you lost your mind about the Celts,,,Merry Christmas Lets go KNICKS
In Seattle for over a week now and I realize my fondness for the letter ‘W’: I miss Will and the Weims.
Smokin some of that x-mas tree with tha boys hit me up
Lying awake listening to the rain fall. Gosh, there ain't nothin' better than a rainy night.
The Chute was intense yesterday!
I feel like I died during that nap I just took
Dino has been adopted!!!! We all love Dino and wish him and his new family the best:) Hopefully we will get to see him again for visits!
Thanks I will have a look for some deals now
EXPRESS sale going on now until January 16th. $25 OFF EVERY $75 YOU SPEND
Any special plans? Or just sightseeing and whatnot? I haven't had a vacay in two years! I think it's time :)
Lakers blew huge leads all year. Only makes sense that they now blow a huge series lead.
Holy crap im about to be an aunt!!!!!!!! :O
I'm not sure how one joins the task force. I was tapped!
RIGHT?!? I ate my half for dinner last night... Then I was sad.
Kraft removed their case of Mac & Cheese from Amazon Subscribe and Save. RIP.
If I am already prepared to let something fail, why bother even doing it in the first place?
I thought one of my fish was dead...but then realized he was just planking...silly fish
Good luck! have fun! RT : Beach volleyball tonight
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people that mess with my hair,people that hit me on the back,and people that don't like
Hahahahaha you're not missing much bean
Feeding the ducks. They are obviously fans of food.
Tea Party is a fundraiser 4 LS1426 Continuous Love project. Special guest is Ms Kim Fields. Whose Dream Are You Following? Get ur tkt now!
ok but follow me back because twitter follow limits once you have 2k+ followers are irrational
Awesome idea!
would you like to see sign to Bad Boy with ?
Everyone's in a relationship and I'm just sitting here like "...I love my dog....''
Hope everyone's having an awesome cloudy day!
matter fact i don't wanna live that type of life... cause if i get into it with my girl, i be damned if another nigga get my makeup sex lmao
Loving this weather right now!
hey ladies, ITS FRIDAY !!! Enjoy your weekend :)
well its a day off :) its a national day and no one work or go to school :)
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
You didn't prove me wrong.... It was drafted by a computer
Megan Screentime : MadMen :: Gore and Boobs : Game of Thrones. Both make me kinda wanna stop watching
Come talk to us about corneal hysteresis and biomechanics at #ARVO2012 booth 319.
Sufjan Stevens is playing at Starbucks. No better music to listen to while studying.
I'm sorry, you're just an easy target. lol
It's only funny now because he came runnin back ...as they all do. ;)
Hey!! Would you follow my best friend,she and I LOVE YOU!!! tweet back THANKS!! <3
Happy Traditions Day! We're singing on White-Gravenor steps at 2! /yd
I don't know. Could we get some MFAs?
GREAT AUSTREAM LAST NIGHT:D i totally LOVE ur new song. Its my #1 now and 11:11 is my #2(: u made me laugh so thanks(: <3
When keeping it #real goes wrong
RT Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
good morning charlie and heather happy thursday
There are plenty of granola bars in the sea!
My mom buys too many flowers
I don't think so, she's been going to events for a while without being in publication.
Let's don't say anything about the money, OK? I don't want it to get around. Especially to
NOTE: "Peace and Prosperity through World Trade: Achieving the 2019 Vision" edited by Jean-Pierre and Fabrice Lehmann now available.
Do you have any numbers on how much money the workers actually made/raised this way? (beyond "more than $50/day for each"?)
Not to dampen the mood, but I'll be sleeping.
Wish I was at the game.
Nothing to lose.
The nurses take such good care of my son & I during our stay...Thanks 4 having such love & compassion..very much appreciated!
Dusty Bibles lead to dirty lives. Read #God's word and live in righteousness
RGIII sounds like the name of an awesome robot from the future. I like it.
I feel weird not having my nails painted. Need to paint them😱
How are you not gonna have someone on Crabtree?!?!
That is crazy!
Did I catch your drift right last night? I was thinking of replying with something equally as cryptic to write but couldn't
great season, man!
You can never clown me I'm
umm, you're welcome?
Nice, I see you color coordinated w/your shirt ;)!
Today is the four-year anniversary of my dad's death. I can't believe so much time has passed. My heart has healed, but I still miss him.
She gave me the shot right where my belt loop hits.
Tanya Plibersek is my MP and I am proud of her today ...
Can u rock wit me? Non stop wit me? Can u take it to the top wit me?
hahahahahahahahahaha I'm a boob man myself though so my whole life has been mired in suspicion of wonderbra'ers
Surgical Masks for ALL! ;-)
hi i'm abigale.
listen to it every sat on NPR!
GREEN DID SOMETHING!!!
goodnight sweets! (: sleep well!!
Kevin Conroy could throw $20 million in. Need a statewide candidate or person with $ to win. Cannot be one of Fab 14 if we want to win.
I'm bringing you back something pretty :)
Why is alcoholism the only disease that sounds like a religion? Buddhism, judaism, hinduism...alcoholism.
Would it be wrong of me , , to just google "best looking nfl team" and decide that way?
Wanted to Treat Myself to Something Expensive today..So I went and got gas for my car!
I am beginning to create a success pattern now
Come join us for Tuesday Night Trivia @ 7:30 at your local Tavern hotspot! This Week in Trivia: Do you know who Peyton Manning played...
- agree. Let's put that question in a bottle and check back in 5 years - should have a clue by then.
No rock 'n roll, sex not spoken of, never enough drugs (for field hospitals), but lots of brandy and wine. And lime juice.
Still rain in the forecast for Thursday? I got family coming all the way from the Midwest for
not that you're sour, just..
Looking for anyone to intv on an internet scam by valuemax 123, it's an online coupon co. that charges credit cards w/o authorization
": I deleted a lot of numbers"
we need to discuss the #BreakingBad finale! I am a bit disturbed.
RT " Crowd loved it! Here's the video: Love in Action - shot words by music by "
Feels great going back to the gym.
Everything seems to go wrong for me the third week of April. This year isn't any different.
Haha I be weak when these ppl talking bout how many Jordan's they got but there face be looking ugly when u ask how many good grades dey got
Goodnight twitter :)
as of now, yes!
One lane of Northbound 29 is closed near airport from house fire nearby.
Don't you mean how appropriate?
finding the gratitude in every moment of the day.
That would be correct, Sir... yup!! O.o
I have been watching race and talking to my wife .... she hasn't said a thing in 40 minutes ....
Medecision Appoints Dr. Katherine Schneider as Chief Medical Officer
The Mamba is coming soon!
I believe this! RT : I think there was talk about authors failing their own AR tests that was part of.
Why exploration is an inherently low efficiency behavior and how to embrace it.
Well hope you have a great day. Eveything is the same jajajaja.
Tired and cranky almost punched a guy out but he made up and bought me a beer cool
Being sick sucks. I'm soo tired cause its 1am but I cant sleep.
You tweet about everthing, and its annoying
Excellent points!
Walter White makes every Pontiac Aztec look so fucking hardcore.
Damn, this test was so easy even if I didn't finish lol.(: I did 33 out of 55. I think I got them all right(;
Good. I was yelling at the TV, I figured Phil & Paul should know that. Hope your crash wasn't too bad.
WAT U DOING
Teeth kept me up all night, worse than before they were fixed. Don't fuck with me today.
I wanted to ask this in person-should I be so lucky "someday" I'll expound on it! Did ur mama really say all that?
I spent my adult life avoiding obligations.
I be so live n da kitchen
Since when did monthly potlucks & late night going away parties at Stonies become my life?
my taste buds are jealous of yours. :D
Half the time we don't end up Fuckin , I don't ask her for nothing
Well we can't wait to meet them. You will have to take pictures of everyone to share with us. We'd love to put them on FB.
I want a pick me up milkshake
Being able to see my son's grow up
I loved that scene too!
Good Luck Julia Stone on the SourceCon Challenge!
Thank You to ALL my new followers!!
98 followes thanks :) follow me i promise i will follow you back
and yeah: i'm still at work: WA!
Books Bitch!!
Packing and moving SUCKS - just sayin'
*last year haha
I hope you will get one from on 9,000th tweet :)
Write. Write. Write. COFFEE. Write. Write. Write. COFFEE. Write. Head to desk. Snack. Write. Write. Write.
go back to bed! I hate my 8ams
Austin gives great hugs. And hes so much cuter in person! Hope that helped!(:
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 2
got my staff packet in the mail for Boys State today :p lol
my double chin
Omg sunshine, I love you
is it ok if i join em? :)
So pumped about the and show this Wednesday!
She is my number 1, i'm addicted its a LAW DRUG lmao
Wino Wed.! District Wino t-shirts only $15, Double IPA and Abbey Ale on special. Also, great 2007 Howell Mountain Cab ready to be enjoyed!
email us that jesserya track
BREAKING: Judge sets bond at $150K for George Zimmerman.
Some of the baddest habits ; feel like the greatest habits to let go!!!
Jake needs a tutorial on what DEATH means on supernatural shows
Yes. That's a parenting problem vs. weight. You're listening to a, what, 7 yr. old?
Melvin Ingram, please!
Now adays everyone knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing. -oscar wilde
Just got your print—looks great! Thanks.
Puckett -wildcard session #AAR 2012 "Blog That Dares Not Speak Its Name: New Media ...
In the booth going crazy (blow yo mind:track)
If you fall asleep before your girl, you're BITCH MADE
Thanks much for sharing our Milwaukee Museum Mile article!
So everyone is on my case today. Awesome.
That awkward moment when a ghost sais boo.
hehehe how the weather up there
U could win a $250 William-Sonoma gift card. Foodies what would you do with $250? Enter the Food Network Canada For the Love of Good Food...
This is great! DM us your email and we will send out more info about the position.
samsies...anxiety of the work week sets in.
#FF media expert extraordinaire w/ deep knowledge of the healthcare industry
you aren't nice.
": this is embarrassing ..." oh yes it is lol
Tune in right now to WCCO Radio for some lively discussion on the scandal rocking the state GOP!
#Albuquerque I'm selling my Numark TT-500 turntables message me for details
Back from SouthPadre Great Time!! Looking forward to being back and serving up the freshest food in Austin
Keep working and keep praying and God will bless
Sorry everyone; new teacher whining! :@
it's been raining like everyday for a week or so
Vegau Inc. Launches New Internet Marketing Website
that was my next tweet! Lol
Good morning tweeps. Happy Hump Day.
I've never wanted a school week to end as much as this week.
so now what
Drunkenly listening to Hanson
Yup day after thunderbash. Party! RT : are you turning 25 this year??? We have a Chuckie Cheese?
I love you too baby! :-*
You'll love it! You should kayak on the Weeki Wachee River - great place to get started. A trip to Three Sisters is nice, too!
I am so overstuffed...in the best possible way. Mini muffins FTW! RT : brunch w/ !
Get it ! Congrats on tue YC2 show!!
in all seriousness you might enjoy it. Elements of fantasy/sci fi in it.
Brrrrr!! its too cold , and im sick i cant sleep =[
Great fun. Enjoyed seeing all of you at the #SATalons game
What is up with guys wearing super tight jeans? Nobody wants to see ur camel tail
That looks amazing!
My mom got the urge for McDonald's today. I don't like McDonald's so I tried talking her out of it. Didn't happen.
No shoes for again until September???
I'll enjoy #BackStageRush a little bit more, if would pay attention to me today!
sucks waking up knowin your team is out of the tourney#Cuse!: But it feels good knowing you still have #Knicks #NYR #Yankees too cheer 4!
Wondering why they don't stand up to bullies.
Austin's second favorite color is teal RT if you like the color teal (:
Some women feast off a man's misery.That says a lot about you.
And now you don't have to wait!
what time darling??
A word's just a word til you mean what you say and love isn't love til you give it away
cancelled my netflix account, went to blockbuster tonight. love the idea of only paying for movies when you actually want them.
He could join with a positive outlook, but that will fade quickly when he loses 5 straight
Don't want to become too predictable! I'm ok, how are you?
O'Rourke found sane.
Saw it!
According to #NPR, #OccupyCville will be demonstrating outside Wells Fargo today! At least we're sure to have a great view.
he sleep lol
70 degrees yesterday and now it's snowing. You gotta love Wilmington :)
Fuck no fap months. I fap when i want
Why are you missing it??
Holy shit I'm drunk.
You thought it was about you ? Huh
Hey All I can promise I won't vanish at crunch time.
She said my painting arm was stiff. I quite agreed :(
Community building by way of beer is always a good idea :)
It's Boozer and Deng in my opinion. Deng is a solid defender, but his lack of offense has been inexcusable w/o Rose.
RT : #PharmFri Antiplatelet agents: Eptifibatide(Integrillin) derived from a protein in the venom of a rattlesnake with...
haha I know. Flipping back and forth
yeah but Christina needs to shut up! Haha
Yes please! RT B.O.D. Apple Bacon Crusted All Natural Chicken Burger w/ Aged Gruyere, Sausage Gravy and an Over Easy Egg.
I want to sleep all day 😠😣💤
I'm with you on this one Matt.
OUR LIVES ARE EXTREME FANGIRLING!
THIS WIND MAKES MY HAIR LOOK MAJESTIC
Pollen Go Away!
he got it
yes indeed...
i hate kim despise her.
Come by so we can talk
Gaming/learning within the context of the Holocaust Museum. Really compelling stuff.
RT : Autodesk will grant software to worthy start up to $150,000 for free - wow
Follow or die.
I like that LP!!!!
cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake. *booty popping with baby oil and glitter on body*
Are you open for a today for a how-do-you-do today at 1:30?
What is your reason for using social media?
I'm not being followed so I can DM it
All three?
We are one follower away from 2000! Who is it going to be?
#1997 You got... Shot for Me by Drake :)
Darn u got me jones'ing for a 3deck grilled cheeser right now. Any1 not been here on Lincoln Rd needs 2 GO!
no! Not at all! She sent me a sweet text to brighten my day, and I loved it!
Ust Ate A CheeseCake At A Brazilian Bakery ;D Yumm
Just upgraded my OS to Lion. iCal looks like leather and is so full of dups I want to cry. I wish it were ugly but worked.
yes?? Oh wait, read that wrong. I'm Dirty Darla
Happy Friday, everyone. Enjoy your weekend!
Love is a great thing, but Few get the chance to experience it...
Got out the rain, time for some more motorpacing
Congrats on the new gig man, well deserved..Hopefully you'll make it up to Baltimore sometime
what up with that mission?
Buy one for me to...?
M pancakes ;)
Grow up.
my prayer time this morning was me singing "one thing remains" by bethel church. over & over.
the other awesome thing about button fly is walking around with your fly undone all the time and not know it
It's better than cell phone usage, promise! ;)
"I remember being loved, I remember being liked, I remember falling hard and loving what it felt like."
So much love for all the #crew96 fans spotted on my drive up 71N. Tough loss, but we'll get em next week. Happy easter everybody!
Facebook is nothing but a bunch of lying motherfuckers portraying themselves to be something they not Sitting up there doing worse than you.
Shantz makes a 2nd great diving catch in left. 1 down in the 6th
no worries dude. I'm just antsy as fuck. Mastering some of the tracks I recorded a month ago.
Kate=April, David=Leonardo, Bedard=Michaelangelo...
didn't he die in 97???
no problem, glad you enjoyed it! For sure, we'll definitely plan it soon.
"I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him." - Galileo Galilei
Moving day is here! Thank goodness for daddy's and trucks!
- I would love to hear more about this. Send me a DM with contact info.
generally when walking alone at 4 in the morning a guy with a face tattoo is the last guy you want to see
TY, my friend. Have a happy week. Write!
any core fine arts will work. Film is just recommended.
If I see Bruce Willis is one more movie preview I might shoot someone!! He was in 4 of 6 previews!!! WTF?!?!
Nope. But that's why I chose to be a behind-the-scenes guy. Gotta have a lot of performer in you to be on one.
First day of the NWBA National Championship! Games at the field house and around Denver. Don't miss out, come check out some games!
Tired of spam in my Twitter messages. Time to start un-following who is doing that.
I'm not a visual person and am having trouble wrapping my head around Pinterest, though I know I should.
there is a book called the magic spoon cook book! it was the first book i got my son for the kitchen
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my avi .
Ha! I love them all, too, but think the one with birds & the hip little star are extra special.....:-)
So...do I buy a Kindle now or what for the Kindle DX? M....
well said i totally agreewith u on that
hey man what you been up to
SON OF A BITCH!
Peace be with you
If you're above the age of 25 you should probably talk in proper English and complete sentences.
I know so funny
: SWAG= when the Cardinals walk out on the field! !!!!
only 3 weeks away before we are off to egypt, can't wait. also thinking about the super pineapple upside down cake i had for xmas. sweet!
"Dou you ever feel, like a plastic bag?!" lmfaooo XD
Thats not fair. Like not even fair.
hell yea! No I'm in Ohio.
Bug Fixed. Now sleep!
Went to bed late last night; prepping for #cookbookconf. Catching up on my late-night reading on the train.
Now or Never Lakers. This is it.
fight me
We are open all week. Relax with us!!
awesome! Thanks for letting me know so I can get one!
"Excuse me, but I gotta tell ya. You're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen." -At a Starbucks, said to a girl sitting next to me.
Ain't much I ain't been thru and haven't seen its just the same shit different day.
Robert C Byrd was an exception as most like moved parties in the 1970's. How many others can you name? I assure you there are few
We've extended the #TuesdayThrowdown! Send us your Best Drink Name & automatically earn $5 in Poggled Bucks!
grain or…mountain?!?
Missionaries make difference in Ecuador - River Falls Journal
#ff People to get squirrelly with!
Thanks for sending me more followers! I can get my message out even more now! :)
Absolutely not!
because the Frank Gehry Tower looks amazing! ~PK
albert is her last name ?
you know, if you have leftover food from the CSP retreat we wouldn't want it to go to waste...
inspires me & so many people! If your not following him then you should start now! GO HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON!
yes there is a race 3pm sat
Long story xD
Having a bike may not help everyday but would be cool :)
Okay I'm getting sleepy now. Chat with you guys later nite nite~BAMM.
Fortune Cookie: "You do not have to know where you are going to be headed in the right direction."
Knowing what to bring to wear for the afternoon on a day like today in MN/WI has to be one of the hardest tasks ever.
and then i forgot to leave the house allday
Thank you!
yeahh I have a page and a half of games
Enjoying my bowling night and then its breakfast at Ihop baby...
For Miami Dolphins’ Ryan Tannehill, it all comes down to receivers
Just got in the car and a random marley CD in muh player. Angel? I think so
So agreed!!!
i got my phone taken away babe
Obviously he does pass a lot if he was 2 short of ty lawson
Heads-up, 1Password auto-fill is broken on latest Chrome OS X dev channel. Tested on 2 machines OS X 10.6.8, works on stable.
Robbie Basho's voice is so rad. Bums me out that people don't take it seriously. Hope to get that free with my work someday.
class till 10 then either in the courtyard or ping pong
are you kidding me?!?
#Molly where are you in my life!!!!!!!
#Badgers unable to hit last shot, fall to Syracuse 64-63 in the Sweet 16.
How can we get played on Slacker, really trying to branch out more! Any advice would be awesome!
people always hurt the ones closest to you
When the guy you like doesn't know, and you can never have him. #Frustrating! :(
Somebody stole a piece of DC power cable for the 5-Fulton trolleybus at 12th Ave. Buses are turning around at 8th Ave.
Dr. Bennett will announce state-wide results for the first IREAD-3 test today. More updates to come!...
s/o to for the follow....
Live music@ Main presents: Patrick Woods on February 18th at 2:30pm at the Main Library.
Thats What She Said
The movie Jack Squad was released today, ran to the stores to take pics and in every blockbuster the movie was rented out! Good Sign
You know favre never cry about his thumb getting hurt
Create the best impression for your potential clients with Custom Same Day Plastic Business Cards. Contact NYC Printing 123 at...
bak in action!!!
he started it lmmfao
Get you morning dose of basketball! We are open for breakfast and lunch today! Don't forget Huskies play in the NIT tonight too.
Happy Valentine's Day!!!!! What are you and your Sweetheart doing today?
Looking forward to working with John Sibilski Photography this week at my locations!
Time for #Avengers! It better live up to the hype! GO
. I'll be there! Thanks for letting me know! So sorry to have missed I'm sure it was great!
Irreverent, funny and a polymath you can truly love. This week's Who To Follow is
Mad Man is on instant stream now - everybody go waste a couple of days!
you should request "Daylight" on your local radio station! let us know if we can find request info for YOUR station.
Thank you! *insert joke about Syracuse players failing drug tests*
If my hangover is any indicator, yesterday was a great success. Thank you to everyone who came out and to our sponsors! See y'all next year!
NEW MUSIC UP FROM YOUNG BLEED EVERYDAY ON YOUTUBE!!!! FEATURES, INTERVIEWS, LIVE FOOTAGE, ETC. TYPE IN YOUNG BLEED
I need to start hitting up random girls again #PromDates #NewNumbers #Whatever Also, I might want to stop calling girls bitches..
You are most likely correct! :-)
If you're intrigued by the idea of trans-dimensional, telepathic time travelers taking over the planet you'd love #Fringe as much as I do.
along with 3 other sluts<3
V For Vasectomy
Im happy for him but when he comes to North Dakota,,i'll be HAPPIER!!:D
meek mill has a sick new album
You go alone to have the evening of your life..you meet your mistress&your boyfriend and your wife..La Cage Aux Folles West,WGC!!!X
": "Talent is a gift, but character is a choice." Coach Larry Brown"<< What a GREAT quote!
What an amazing night. Worked with some of the giants of salsa music. Ray Ruiz, Eddie Santiago, Roberto Torres & my partner Lefty Perez. Wow
LOVE IT!
RT following via #YUP!!
its actually not bad. Went from a Droid x to this. Do it!
I have the best friends ever! (: thanks for an awesome birthday surprise! 
Couldn't agree more.
Done with high school forever... I might cry.
Thanks. I really hope that if he hears it that he really likes it.
Wake Me Up Before You Go Go - WHAM!
Amare's last game was a blip. No one really expected him to duplicate that right? Chandler still playing def at least
Marriage is like a game where the object is to try not to kill the other person.
Shawn is trying to say that I don't have ass, O _o on what planet?!
Just came up with a web series idea.
but yo rattle snakes live in the desert -___-
Coming up at CS? has a screening, and CS:LA has a two year anniversary Music Video Mega Mix. We bring the party.
School started. Completely! It's not exactly what I was expecting..:/
Decisions decisions....
haha yes you do Jordan
The joys of "charming" Los Angeles architecture- where you boil in the summer and freeze in the winter.
S. Duttry asks to please spread the word about his GolfWashington app. Also, we need your feedback on how to make it better
Great job tonight by Friends of McMillan Park in speaking out for historic preservation and environmental conservation in
Haha the hot bully blocked me after I said that :P (read last tweet)
Thanks for joining planetredo. We're all very excited to make an impact as earth day nears. Have a great week. PR
My mama bragging on me. 0.o
Thanks for the mention. Looking forward to your tweets. :)
Friday Humor: "If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere else!" - Yogi Berra
#everydayithinkabout how much fun it would be to eat a bowl of peas at zero gravity
I forgot what I was suppose to do just that quick lol.
Can't Wait For These Playoffs To Start
developing a cloud 101 (102?) presentation for later this month.
Cause it's hilarious. Did you see JLos nipple account too? RT: : Angelina's leg Has almost 800 followers
no imagination.
Just got off the phone with my cousin who is a senior in HS. Helped provide quotes for her AP Lit paper on homework as an "expert". :)
Special giveaway to the curvy diva can help us get to 100 followers by the 22nd!
Happy Friday All! I like the new Twitter layout. How about you?
Anyone else think the K-State stadium "DJ" is playing the same tunes they played the first time Coach Snyder was there?
Looking for true ROI in your network? #SkySAN Technology was designed to grow & change as your network does. Learn how bit.ly/omfyas
Who is stoked to eat turkey this week?
I fucks wit #1017 the long way...i learn how to rap off yal shxt...
Oh, cool! The land of Cheese! I've looked at that one before too...not TOO far from Indy.
Happy Friday!!!
Just finished Blackford High School & no casualties!!! SUCCESS
Oh good... sorry to be nosy. Hope he's feeling better soon! :)
whats wrong ?? follow and everything will be ok Plzz i beg !! ♥♥
so pumped to record today, I believe it will be very productive! Tonight's rehearsal is going to be awesome!
I beat you LOVE FREAKING ME OUT!! 0.0
is an amazing singer!
I could get use to not having homework.
most groups rotate focus, at least 1s i've been
I put foam core in the recycling bin and was dubbed an "Anti-Recycling Awful Earth Person"
Great discussion on procrastination. I find it comes from feeling I won't do things perfectly - so I never start!
Headed to Bloemfontein!
Thanks UCLA for stepping up and playing some D... 15-1 on day one, I'll take that any year.
. But where is the Obama werewolf?
Cash Mob at Powells B&B Supply tomorrow! Come out and support:-)
Coolest day in Texas for the next week is 98 degrees... Yay.
": vegas im home :)"dzaammm (eyes cocked)
Thanks, Brandon. I'm a ZCE and front-end developer, so the invasion of our digital rights is a huge concern of mine.
Hey girl!!! He's good and yours?
LeapPad Plus Writing 2nd Grade Math Book: Meet the Band! The ...
I love mentions and suggestions from yall about the show, without the fans the #jackiedamodel show wouldn't be what it is
Just made some ginger tofu vanish quickly in the Heights. It really is all good in the noodlehood.
All men have sinned and fallen short of da glory of GOD. It is GODS arbitrary choice who goez and who dont YOU have NOTHING to do with it...
Bears can't win with Cowboy cast offs!
"gonna tongue you down; grab a towel now im all wet" ;D
so frustrating...
hooker, I miss you too. I want to visit and leave the bs Seattle weather behind.
Im coming to visit this weekend so I better see you !!
I fear he might be moving on to "Mall Rats"...
Never 4Get What U Got Count Ya Blessings 2 Morrow G.F.B. Fa'Shooooooo Cuz It's #ThanksGiving Bitch Fa'Shoooo.
I make love to her by throwing her in the hole let the nets rubb against ha skin and holler wet to let her no or slam her hard 4 plesure ...
Eagles got a steal
German potato soup! If that ain't P90X, I don't know what is.
No facebook - Blah
Did i just read that right? Hummel is 1 for 36 from the field since jan 17th?
Ron Paul ends campaign. Don't worry Ron, if you throw your support to Mitt, he guarantees you a job as White House garden gnome.
Thx for the tweet love! : RT : Check out 2support on
Thanks for the follow. I saw the show in Columbus a few years ago. Amazing!
are you doing the facts today?
i prefer the use of /> for self-closing tags. its more purposeful, and it adds clarity.
you had blk on countin money...
also, where else in North America will they be?
We raised awareness of our org & found friends in NYC, but small staff + hours is a barrier to leveraging $
If I ask my guy to get 1 item from the Grocery, he'll most often return with the wrong item.
what province do you live in?
Out tractor shopping. Green or orange.
So how am I celebrating Week 1 being over? I'm walking to the Farmers' Market in Oneonta.
The mind has exactly the same power as the hands; not merely to grasp the world, but to change it. Colin Wilson
Q. Why don't they have any toilet paper in KFC? A. Because its finger licking good!
I feel like reading .
I miss you more and more with each passing Asian tourist. =P
I've gotten so many Dope text msgs today!!! Feels good to be Loved by so many people :)
Happy Valentine's Day to all. Make it special for someone today.
Update Pre-Sales started today for debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be" @ www.celestekellogg.com TBR December 20th.
Who can forget Hangus the Monkey being elected mayor of Hartlepool?
I could make an awesome horror movie using random, late-night noises from my kids toys.
Hi love!
is it better than the Oreo Blizzard?!
#dtl2011 will we lose our ability to seek different ideas and information?
HAHA THAT'S AWESOME!!!! I WAS SOMEWHERE WHERE THERE WAS A LOT OF PEOPLE SO I DIDN'T SCREAM! BUT I DID LATER!
M...grilled cheese!
LOL, love that idea!!
#CM wont be the same without you :((
Solid win from tonight! Too bad and I couldn't bring it home.
Thursday nights are dollar beer nights. Is there a celebrity that you want to meet during Legends Week?
ok cool:) we have a Homegame tuesday against springhill, but idk if its home thursday yet, but I'll let you know!
one of my favorite recent Hindi movies & great intro to them. Hope you like it!
Being unable to log into FB feels like my right arm was cut off. Ok, not that bad. But still.
Could My Very Nice Followers Retweet my Last Tweet :D Please?
Thanks!!! RT : Yo For a new Twitter name I suggest I just looked, it's available. Lucky for you, huh!
I draw my breaking news! I write down my results! I'm spiritually moving on! "IMPERIAL"
maybe you should show the bean my top contenders and give her a vote!
Yes that's correct! Boring winter months in doors....
just had a little geek moment when i heard the green lantern oath on the commercial...!
Little Red Riding Bitch! lol
ssetting up his fantasy baseball games on baseballfannation.com
Dogs also have vibrissae which, unfortunately, many owners trim.
Be easy on him, he's Canadian...
RT : Anybody feel that quake? U.S. Geological Survey says there was a 4.8 magnitude earthquake about 90 miles northeast of Sacramento.
Wow #UNLV tweets are coming in faster then I can read. Let's do this!
miss u to. Here your play is going to NY! Congrats!
Checking in @ Laugh Factory 2 check out Neal Brennan (Co-Creator of Chappell Show) & Dane Cook. Need a Good Laugh Tonite!
O.o? who are you talking about?
Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.
#nowplaying and so loving it... Live from the Georgia Theater
I miss you too
Sorry to hear the trouble. We just updated the site, try holding shift and refreshing the page. and see if that helps!
Yay! I love when that happens!
Try looking at the actual app there might be a block link. There is a way
In difficult times fashion is always outrageous.
Out the door to teach some hot, sweaty yoga at HY of Laurelhurst! See ya there yogis!
I absolutely love him hes so sweet I hope to meet him again & don't worry someday you'll meet him keep wishin
cant wait til we get our stuff in, can't wait to wear em!
LOL. Chang it. You're too young to be dejected.
lmao sure I don't care xD
ready to see the new
Great work RT:“: 10 page story and Erin said, "Ewwwww, that was a big plop." #JanuaryIssueFatigue ”
For sure! Looks tasty! I think it's sold at Henry's so I might keep my eye out for it next time I'm there...I'll let you know!
I know there are different rules for bachelor party weekend, but a Stella this early = awesome.
Cant wait for Wednesdayy! Wonder what it is......
Inez Andrews - Lord Don't Move The Mountain - 04:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Karma karma I love u ...u always have my back
- i Guess . QT : take dat as ah yes
The apparent randomness of the universe belies its inherent order. The same cannot be said of my job.
From the errors of others, a wise person corrects their own. ~Publilius Syrus
Ahh...6 meatloaf muffins and 7 mac-n-cheese left. Hurry over before they are all gone!! Don't say Mama didn't warn you.
Secret Agent Man reports on Backstage message board that AFTRA wins pilot season. Score: AFTRA 73, SAG 17. That's a beat down!
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire….Stop by Di Pasquale’s on Gough Street and pick up your Italian Chestnuts ($5.99/lb)....
COBBling together a big W
#SO to Dane County Boys & Girls Club for raising over $100k tonight at Hearts For Helping. It was a great event!!
Merry Christmas Eve everybody!
Some Mardi Gras well wishes being sent to our Fat Tuesday revelers! You'll need tea to get moving tomorrow morning!
More smartphones sold in Q4 than PCs keynote
well said !
Amen! RT : Too bad "thought" is all but extinct among our species. That retards debate and discussion.
The first title I came up with for my thesis was "Oral Lore," which my thesis advisor promptly misread as "Oral Love."
It should be a good time. It's shaping up to be a great group of folks.
Join us Wednesday night at Busby's West for $1 drinks!
hopefully going to work tonight will distract me from how much i miss him tonight </3
Lester C Olson uses phrase activist scholar to describe Audre Lorde. That might work altho I'm still liking locale based 2
Bet you've never battled a jumping spider while you were driving. I almost ended the fight for both of us...
"One time I was fishing for salmon..." -Rube Sheeber
THAT IS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT GOT THE LEAD GO UCONN
Ok this is sal. I'm not in the band no more. Good luck to them. I ran this twitter so no more updates. To follow me,
I'm looking for recruiters. Pay is 500 dollars per week. Hit me up for details
so edible
Some One Should HMU?
where do I begin?...
Super excited that we're going to be part of D:hive's Grand Opening celebration! More deets to come.
We might know a few interested PAs. Send a DM or email us: .
I'm President of the
So. I see that this system here is very unorganized.... but at least it is in place enough for me to do what it is I have to do.
thanks for the Rt love! Promise to tag religiously from now on.
Should it be illegal to drop out of high school?
He hurt me and doesn't even know it. He acts like he can talk to me like nothing ever happened.
A movie I watch every year (along with Firefly and Long Way Round): Primer. If you've not seen it, do so immediately ;-)
My lap top is getting all philosophical on me: "plug in or find another power source"...
We are fortunate to have Richard Romano once again writing for the Show Daily, this time with the Printweek all-stars
Thank You!
Don has to be joking about that hammerhead shark , it was about 10 inches long. Got me laughing tho.
Keep your enthusiasm on blast!
totally wish i was working in a movie right now. im so bored. come on certificate! come to the mail already so i can get some jobs! yeesh!
Your going to bed really early!!!
why yes I was...
how you lose yo phone black ppl now- a- day.....ImY too
If anyone can help me get followers DM me! Please! God bless!
thanks for the love. glad you dig the posters.
Catholic agency transfers foster care cases to DCFS - Illinois Times
We have to do more. We have to become the media. The #teaparty has to have some evolution if we want real solutions in #America-Stay tuned
Frisco,Tx bound. Girls Tournament
#20ThingsAboutMe: I never give two shits about anything
This week's saviour: Many thanks and lots of good karma to him!
what do you call 5 gay guys walking in a bar? one direction..... hahahaha
I Direct Message the winner and told then if they want to say who the are they can.
new found love for the song climax
I Wanna Go To The Cheesecake Factory :)
No I am not in.
WHERE ARE YOU
RT "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
Great brunch #Martha Stewart at the next table.looked terrific! Go Martha! Love her hand-i-work!
tru but I want sum body to drive Nbs
I cant support other peoples habbits
ooh jealous! dreams of a TJ foodie excursion, I'm tempted to join her
So text me if you guys do foodtrucks this week!
Where'd you buy the real ones? Not synthetic! I wanna get some for my bday :) RT : can I have my hair pl0x~
haha lol yeah i figured if that can't get me a man then i must be a lost cause!
SAPB presents Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 - FREE MOVIE! this week...who's going? :-)
College friends...Now is the time to be proavtice abut college class registration...you have to work hard for what you want!
My Day = CTRL + C, ALT+TAB, CTRL + V, repeat.
museum tomorrow (:
dam no internet and every one says fuck you
Islam = one only way tuu ALLAH[GOD]
If you have turned your passion for photography into a job or are planning to turn pro. What was/is your main obstacle?
Time for sleep!
It is better to have loved & lost it, then to have never loved before...Happiness is knowing that love is an achievable life goal & project!
Great day at work today! At 2 pm I realized - with excitement - that I had time to work on things I love, that are also my job. YAY! :D
David Bailey coming back to his Newham roots
which offices?
RT : You can tell someone phony by the way they dress .< Now I'm trying to underst.....nvm :-)
nicely done! :)
OLTL lasted 43 years!! I bet the show REVOLUTION will last at most 2 years! I will miss watching OLTL!! :(
Shout out coming your way from the Weather Center!
I've only heard great things, so I don't plan on abandoning it! Four episodes in today.
What happened to helping America and our homeless/poor/abused #stopkony ? Read people- its fraud what they are doing!
:Congrats...Oh and I tried finding you on FB do you have one?
Yes the Wikipedia is pretty accurate, & again thank U my Boy! If the LORD says the same then 'I WILL BE BACK!' (Terminator)
thanks! glad you enjoyed!
Dick!!! RT : I sure could use some _______ right now!!!! Geesh!!!!!
seriously , its like the best public school in DC . I mean even though my school is good too but its too easy.
nLoGProductions::: follow back please.. thanks
CPD not the problem kid..JPMorgan the f-ing problem...
I just overnighted you your stuff for the trip! I sent it to your work address. It's just itinerary and e-tickets and stuff.
6'2 with a body, and fine he can get today, tomorrow, next week and he shoulda got it yestersay!
I'll add the disclaimer that I did not go to any of those -- before I lose another follower ;-)
Mother Jones! Oh no you didn't!
"Call Me Maybe" is that kind of catchy that makes me a little bit angry.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! How are you celebrating?
Happy fourth Birthday !!! Love you guys!
A new issue of Literal Latte will be out this January!
please follow me back 🙏
who doesn't? Lol is he good? I need someone with a chance to win a pro tournament
I can't take other movies seriously when the character says "it's a trap"
Watching #WNFAE while playing Minecraft. Reaching all new levels of nerdom here.
Starting the new year off with a twitter, let the tweeting begin.
Found a forum where they aren't ashamed to have a thread simply called "Bike Porn" for admiring others' bikes.
My cat begs for food like a dog. Today I learned that he will eat graham crackers but turns his nose up to bananas.
no prob, thanks again
oh lol cool
Rise & Grind.
Yes I will print out a copy and bring it for sure! :) Now that I'm thinking of it, it would be fun to bust out your baby photos!
All of us are home, under the same roof! Ah, that makes me happy. And there are already visitors...yep, is home.
so you refill the CO2 tank every two months for like 15 bucks. IMO, it's a lot less hassle than recycling 50000 cans
Don't forget we show the previous week's show before the new episode as well... Thanks for watching #DowntonPBS!
Time to close up shop and wrap some presents!
I want a milkshake.
There's always that one person that no matter what they've done to you, you just still can't let them go.
Check out : Miss Jessie's Curling Pudding
When I'm in my idgaf mode, Niecey does watever niecey wants to do..
When I'm alone, I don't have to live up to expectations or fake a smile.
Just dotted the I in ohio
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Transliteracy: reading and writing the world in multiple media (I am big advocate of the transliteracy movement)
Just woke up, have no idea how I got home or where my pants are.
My #FavoriteSubject are Mathematics and Computers.
Apsht. You didn't miss much, believe me.
Today has just been perfect in every moment. Everything falling into place perfectly. I remember these days for when I'm having a bad day.
ok whoah reread that (your last tweet). ???
The Atlanta Lawyer's Bowling League posted an awesome article on how to bowl. Lawyers/Bowlers should check out ALBL.
Thanks for your retweets! :D
GO UNC ASHEVILLE!!! #MarchMadness DO IT FOR ALL THE SMALL SCHOOLS!!!! GREAT EFFORT!!!
thanks for the follow, intrigued by your profile info. Looking forward to your tweets.
i just spent an hour watching icon dancers dance. i regret nothing.
BP plc, Research In Motion Among Stocks Down on High Volume Tuesday
need info
": can I know you more better? Am Tosin a psychologist. And u?"hi I work at a call center for parolees
#eltonjohn you were right, Madona's lip singing isn't even good for this
will come up short< and the Rangers will like like they deserve to.
I'm thirsty. Thirsty for this Caps win!
RT : Heading to your favorite island? Don't miss these savings from Caribbean Airlines...who doesn't like saving $$$?...
You can't make a great play unless you do it first in practice.-- Chuck Noll
I just received in the mail today a telegram, a record player brush & Bitch magazine. Thanks and :D
Today the sun will shine on u more then ever. Put ur shades on cuz the world is ur lime light.
Curled my hair for composites...I look like Snow White.
my last real day of school 2ma! >>>
Y0ooo Thalamus is all Fucked up slow it down my NiCk¡
MT : Babies are the original programmers; they're 100% binary. Everything is either perfectly fine or OMG WORST THING EVER
If you cook your pizzas at 425 degrees Fahrenheit you're probably a pussy.
I would like to know of anyone who has had gastric bypass surgery. My sister is in critical condition on life support due to perf intestine
I been taking too many classes in the summer, have not come to Twitter as much as I want to. good night you all, love
I must say: listening to John Williams over lunch on this beautiful afternoon really made my day. Were you tuned in?
I flipping LOVE Elizabeth Taylor with a passion. <333333
Having one of THOSE days! But know what I'm gonna do? Pause, take a deep breath then shake it off & start again! MAKING it a great day!!
In my view a non-profit that has track record of ethical service should manage the weatherization and block grants.
TY for following! Following back.
P.S. Vince McMahon is queer
Perfect Love(God's unconditional love) cast out all fear. Fear of rejection,failure,hurt,disappoint. HE is our true love. Happy Valentine's!
'mNickJamesbich Sorry about the mix-up on the #gloverlover prize! An autographed copy of the Weirdo CD is heading your way!
I am passionate about Lyric Opera because nothing will ever replace live performance. Ever.
RT : Who says Twitter isn't educational? I just learned that today is National Popcorn Day.
LAMBORGHINI MERCY YO CHICK SHE LOOK THIRSTY!!!!!
Thanks for the follow, Moonshot!
I don't understand sushi, the most trendy food ever created. it IS interesting and pretty but ugh!..it's raw fish and seaweed!!
amen to that
Ushered last night for free tix to CoSpgs Fine Arts Center performance: Oh Gershwin, I'm Crazy for You!
Ready to start back workin....The more I lounge around this house, then more lazier I get...
Long painful days of basketball <<<<
What Should I Watch??
3-packs of citrus, mint and lavender soap available now for 12.99! Save lives with soap today!
better see your face next weekend, lady! you're a VIP!
Watching 20/20 (faciliated com) and speechless. This is like a modern day witch hunt by our public servants. Where's the common sense?
If you don't understand my silence, how will you understand my word ?
& i busted out laughing & raised my hand & said.. THAT WAS MEE(; & me & were dying laughing, lmao(:
Do you have a poker room? How many tables? Run tournaments? Thx!
Argh. To clarify, is awesome, but I generally find Schwyzer to be, well, a creep.
Yur So Pretty
Is he nuts? No, hes insane.
(2) But buying the damn album 7 damn time's is irrelevant
All I was trying to do was explain something and then you act like I'm yelling and being a smartass. Cool your tits mom
let's do this!!! & I totally reading fucking on the beach...lmao
to share 8 expert #jobsearch tips weekdays starting May 23rd. All tips by #Career Directors International members.
I just fell off a 50 foot ladder..... thank buddha that I was on the bottom step!
When you accomplish something awesome, do you fist pump even though no-one is around? I do. ...tiger woods style.
Mid way through the game. Score stil TOR: 2-0. Adam called for tripping and the #Marlies are back on the PP.
Agree! ^ 100 RT : #Education is the economic growth strategy for our country.
if we're lucky that was a season ending injury.
Yes!!!! Corey was fricken clutch tonight!!
a pit stop in eastern market + an afternoon at the newseum. a lovely dc day!
Off to our Volunteer meeting...films, parties...get your PASSES today, best was to do it all and best price! See you at the movies....
It's a David Sylvian/cleaning the apartment night. He's literally here right now mopping my floors. Won't stop singing "Life in Tokyo"
did you repot on the 500k Neumann got on the past 6 months? Sorry, I missed it.
says cannot afford to raise the debt ceiling "At some point you hit a wall"
thank you!
“: Aw we can still be friends lol.” After the finals & thru next yrs regular season hahaha lol
most important, the hash tag
buy new ones love u
Barbara, Jessica and Johanna shoot for Paul Mitchell today!
I mean in your Avi lol
ya i know where my classes are and stuff now and ya i came with like no school left so its all good :)
Let me know if you try it out. :)
How can you be mad when theres sun
Avoid potential legal issues resulting in multiple law suits with a good propert manager for your real estate rentals.
Hey Rick, thanks for the DM. I can't reply without you following me :)
Seeing my crush today at school was just so nerve wrecking.
Ah nothing like a hot n sexy #ShanimalOnTheBeach ;P
how've you been? I haven't talked to you in ages!!
Huntsman: The fact that there was a whistle blower who went to the US consulate is very telling
Clips from oral history project abt Minitex highlight ongoing library values: getting what people want to the people who want it!
I am an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane.
thats two things.
what about an indoor track?
hey :) what's up sis?
“You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler
Getting ready for the 10 am #GMCC ribbon cutting at #Madison's new Join us! Check out the new store on Grand Canyon Dr
Only listening to Jay Electronica today
Sleep! Why fight it?!
#bartrivia tonight and all you can eat wings. Hump day. Free parking in Downtown Hollywood after 8.
Welcome to the world little nieve!
2012 will be a defining year in your life. You will either change or you won't.
That Hanley shot just flew over 's and my head. It was a rocket.
At my bestie's crib visiting the little guy, he look so cute.....
can't wait to get so shpong holed with you lovers... Get dirty!!
#JackWhite at #amexunstaged just mentioned my old friend Fats Kaplin is playing fdl and pdl stl and then starts "Goodnight Irene" - awesome
Just saw a raccoon run down Broadway, sans posse.
I don't understand! Everyone is getting one! What does it mean?!
RT Action !! Can you handle it ?
Just one bottle of vitaminwater provides a full day's supply of unnecessary and gullible. Also, electrolytes.
Ok, decided on a Champagne Punch for my #BoozeforBooks shindig. NYers are welcome to crash. DM for address.
Hi mate! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars episodes online,free access!100%
Done!!! I get paid to tweet all day!!
Off to interview the lovely sicko then 1K. So glad it starts at the humane hour of 5 PM!
keep us posted on twitter on scores, injuries, etc! We are the pulse of the sports world.
Live each day like its your last and :)
Bitches ain't serious, all these bitches delirious
damn zac, you're on a roll and my stomach hurts from laughing so hard
Time is really moving by slowly
oh right, comedy...
Thanks for all the advice and wisdom sir!! Maybe we should do a double feature at some point!
I think I'll drop "steal from girl scouts" from my "life of crime" checklist.
Text me ure # phone wiped
that's great- congrats!
HEY LIL MAMA I CAN TRANSFORM YAA
thank you aprill! (:
It doesnt seem important now but what does your water bottle brand say about you?
Happy first birthday to my favorite monkey ever!!!!!!
Whats up?? How are you??
Yeah I did
tried to dm you back, but we are here to cheer for the ipl cricket . Your comedy is one of the things getting us through lol
excellent work on the LaTroy Hawkins RT.
RT : Shoot any mom who hits the road with kids is a hero
as old as I am, I still like getting tucked in at night :)
Hi There. Thanks for the RT :)
We definitely will! I'm sure it looks fantastic after you & your team got done with it. :)
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Things we not hope for often come to pass than things we wish.
No but my daughter has eaten yogurt with a fork because she didn't want to wash a spoon.
You, sir, are about to get unfollowed. JRoll is not a terrible signing. You have no argument.
Oh My JizzFaceWHORE ! My Boobs Hurt So Bad )':
hi answer ur texts
Activist Post: Dispatches From a Dissident -- Articles From the Infowar: This collection contains a wide range of concepts dealing wi...
Im listening to the NBA on NBC music on Spotify right now. Suddenly im pumped & wanna go hit a game winner (on NBA 2K lol)
It's almost 5:00 and I'm still in my pj's. I <3 lazy Sundays :)
I'm nervous
I'm seriously failing at business facebooking lately. Updates soon. PROMISE!
Interesting idea to use Zotero to import items you intend to send to acquisitions and order for your collection.
gotta listen to what speaks to you the best! forget labels. Haha
our Washington reporter was doing a report about Super PACs
Thank you all for the support.. you can find my music on Facebook.com/zacyoung and on youtube.com VIA southern steam live. Stay tuned...
#SignsYoureBeingCheatedOn : YOU EVEN HAVE TO WONDER
I'll be lucky to sleep tonite w/ so many app recommendations to review & Cinder to read
I like when you guys favorite my tweets but I can't help but feel cheated a little bit. Like "eh, it was good..but not enough to retweet" =/
All good! You?
no you won't try. YOU WILL
- I can show you how to convert every Twitter Follower to cash flow, and they'll thank you for it... without advertising. Promise.
I changed ideas.. I wanna bring Evita! Haha
Clarify when you ask me to do a mini marathon. My 1st assumption is bar crawl or tv type marathon. Not the pick up your feet type marathon.
Aww my future husbands in the hospital ):
She supa sleep!! She said is garbo smh!! I bet her favorite rapper is Chris Brown or Gucci ha!!
and you as well.
Come see us tomorrow night @ Up & Under Pub, 1216 E. Brady St, $5 cover, 9:30pm. Also hitting the stage will be KARMA 13 & CHILD ON FIRE.
No Goal! HA! Preds going to pull it off
The name Hasbro was invented by the name of the founders: HASsenfeld BROthers
... Sleepy time
That's what i'm saying
And there still goin i think hes changed teams
Busy day in Ace world.... Taking care of all our parking customers. Working hard to earn a thank you!
Trying to figure out how your website can make money without investment? Help us market our new landlord rental system!
i found you! xoxoxo
thanks for listening!
you can't have them all! Lol, liked him more than me :p
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Disobeying court orders to release a child to another person can mean jail, fines and loss of future rights
Sometimes God will give you exactly what you want, just to show you it's not what you need!
People were so rude!
#reno the biggest little city in the world I love it when its in my rear view mirror
at this point it doesnt even make sense to sleep
please follow or tweet me ! It would make my day well accually my life , soo please ! LY<3
follow back?
call me whenever!
I seen the 3rd teaser of boyfriend! Oml that was hawt.
RT: Road trip with mommy :) country music blarin!!!! "It's mommy time!" <--- thats wats up
of course haha
Believe yourself... The world worships an original.
Wishing school would get out faster!
put up a strong fight against #Argentina, but couldn't finish it off, lose 14-12
“: You supposed to be in a relationship but nobody knows it. Yep, a cause for #trustissues”<<< lmao major issues
m I wish I could tan
nice ass day !
When did Mother's day cards get so ugly? Oof, the graphic designer in me is screaming foul. C'mon let's make it fun.
Give it up. You're not a reporter any more!
Does anyone have any connection 4 cheap hotel las vegas 4 911 rally?
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!!! I will be cramming in presents along with art all this week. Just gotta snap out of my current state of mind.
I can't sleep from crazy sounds outside! ": 10:14 pm. Gunshots in the #killacity"
me and Jill are gonna be at rock on the range
hahahaha. Mine didn't change. And I loved hearing the convo between nugget and Thomas just now!
“: There's an alarming number of people on GChat for 2am...#finals” big follower, huge hater
RT : Wow. One can actually get an AT&T signal up here on the top floor of the Zimmerman Library. #UNM / Amazing!
" haven't been this bored in a min "
JT: So-and-so's mom is a doctor. You're not a doctor. Me: *looks hurt*
time for me to go back to take trip to Lynchburg again my single barrel is gone will have to open Gentlemen Jack. Time to ride (~);}
And that's reason 438 why and i need to hang out!
Yeah, that gig is intriguing! Where else are can one hear shape note singing and hip-hop all at an orchestral concert?
Hi there, it was! I'll be posting more of the photos soon Have a great day :) RT : was that in FHM malaysia?
Trainers on sale from $299-$899 with Install special of $99 + Free Party with G-Trainer or 6 time play passes with other Trainers
Today is my best frends birthday i havent seen her in a year... I miss you /:
all time low TOMORROW #makesmesmile :)
ZIPPER! that's my penis. don't you EVER do that again!
Motherfucker I finish my errands and ready to go to the beach and gorgeous out but now that I want to go to the beach it's getting cloudy
I see went open collar for #talkinball tonight.
Tweeting in comfort from my new (used) Haworth office chair, scored at on Friday. I love the ReStore!
Good Night my little tweeties
Non-Farm Payrolls: Less Than Expected, Up 115,000; Unemployment Rate at 8.1%; Estimates called for unemployment rate to be unchanged at 8.2%
going to be ichatting you all the time!
365: I'm thankful to ring in the new year quietly & safely, snuggled up at home. Happy New Year, everyone, & may 2012 bring you joy.
A happy day, I get to do some golfing!!!
Wow. It's late. But I shall squeeze in some more homework because I'm feeling productive.
yeah Walton calls me all the time too
that is true :)
Kudos to the legislators who attended the Save Texas Schools conference tonight
Hooray for opening night! We will keep an eye on your bikes while you watch the game.
time for some changes
Hey Brandon, yes. I'm in a CRS class all day so she's having one of our brokers call. Thanks for getting in touch with me man!
I'm never eating armadillo eggs from humperdink's again. I'm regretting life right now :/
Thanks for the offer, but we already have our Marketing team.
Dedicated to families who visit loved ones in prison and have knowledge of that alternative universe. They are all in my prayers today.
Working on a PPC Campaign sipping coffee
that would be cool to see something done between the two of you. it would be great.
I'm just a really funny person!! My ass was wet tho
The Boston #RedSox were the last major league team to integrate...got that from Wikipedia.
Chase your website is down. Need a hand with it?
Thanks for the support! Feeling great about launch, and fine-tuning everything. Looking forward to golfing, too!
It's on the TV Guide network. Came on after Caroline. Designing Women is an extremely gay show.
its AMAZING how NEGATIVITY.... can make you loose a lot of FOLLOWERS.... when you were not even TALKING TO THEM or about THEM...
I wanna send Austin a big bottle of ketchup.....
Welcome to Memory Layer! We will be posting memory tips and observations about what makes some messages more memorable than others.
already did stranger
This week's Samples and Drops are up! Check them all out on #productionvault!
Pretty Sure I graduated High school with his sister.
Here at work! About to get started! Im so proud to day that I am a working actress!!!! XoXoXo Muuuuuahhhhhh
: advisory board member on today. Person he'd like to interview dead or alive: Elvis or Johnny Cash!
Great book for parents and those interested in raising calmer, happier kids...Simplicity Parenting by Kim John Payne M.ED with Lisa M. Ross
What is Platypus day?
yeah but it won't be fun when you guys get your ass beat..
I voted we decorate the office like Tomorrow-morrowland. But, y'know, people love the deal wheel and thunderdome. So, Bartertown it is.
no kidding. Top scorers are 2-14
I use an awkward combo of google apps & dropbox so new ideas on paperless practice are always welcome.
you got out of there quick didn't you, they are pretty fast. How far is it from you?
All of Spiderman Turn Off the Dark's problems could have been prevented if they chose to workshop it beforehand
Time to shoot! : )
I'm In His Head
Take home: do *your* users find RDA easier to understand and more helpful than aacr2? Ask them!
“: I keep losing my tweets under my hashtag search. #frustrated grrrrr” me too!
Fulbright Information Session today 2:30 - 4PM in MICA's Gateway Building, Conference Room 101. Come one come all!
For every $1 spent on Early Intervention, there is an estimated savings of $17 later in the life of that child. (6/08 The Commonwealth Fund)
Happy Saint Patty's Day, Who Got My Beer?!!!
Only through Jesus Christ can you find true peace and lasting happiness(joy). God Bless.
almost. I like my music LOUD, haha!
From the great Fernand Point's notebook, "In all professions without a doubt, but certainly in cooking, one is a student all his life."
Loving the Twitter stream at Bring on Dr. Diggity Dawg!
yeah what happened Ben?
Worse then "Blame Canada?"
Harry touching Liam's dick. I been saw that. LOL
and collab album would be sick
but city can allow PLAs in order to get state funds.
Spurs coach Greg Popovich wins NBA Coach of the Year
Tell a story, don't do a video.
Just marry him, Daisy!
That fact I'm being called fake by #oomf<<<<<<
you sure gurl?
And so 4th;) We heart being right across the street from all of the fabulosity~
I been told you I moved 😒. You gone be in fl still when I come ?
If you could ask your audience members any question (ignore methodology for now), what would you ask?
Hello This is Artist Paul Borges on: ReverbNation electonica Charts.! # 9 in Cleveland,Ohio. I thank You All!
Albert Einstein
Thanks for the follow!
Insider Tip: Needed to get a new tap to hit an incentive. Told this Manager they were discounted ($30 off) Not really. She bought..I win.$$$
the jellybeans won't open...
Just was in Las Vegas and was wondering why everyone i met from California said they were from California not LA, San Fran, San Diego etc..?
RT if will always have a place in your heart no matter what! 
There are many obstacles to staff instruction - I'm currently writing a needs assessment questionnaire to figure out what some of ours are.
Im soo hungry!!
Andrew Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter! Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
Yes Please :)
i just realized i dont have any gemini friends... is that weird?!??!?
Pauls Club is currently accepting customers just so you know
Energy efficiency improvement fund and loan program passed out of committee this morning!
Louis Blanc~ From each according to his abilities to each according to his needs.
Thanks for the blogpost about
''being a dick isn't gonna make yours grow bigger.'' lmao
We'll be at the walk in Lehigh PA on Saturday. Come join us for some fun!
Can't wait! RT : Are you looking forward to #xfactor tonight?
Diving went so good today. cant wait to get back out there and do it again www.desertdogdiving.com
it's absolutely still on! Hope to see you at 6:30 at the Randall!
Tonight's soldout #OWS/ program is brought to you by AT&T.
The line is longer than the regular line?
Had to go out and lay in the sun for a while. Glad I did, got some Vitemin D. U big bummble bee just flew in the house? What to do?
I got my VOTES for in today! Did YOU VOTE yet? Plz B sure to use code 805 for Scott to WIN! Yay!
Art imitates life...
time for the bone hammer
I used catholics as an example, it goes for all religious institutions. Separation of church and state
God, this game is terrible. Remember when the IU/Kentucky game last week was a real game?!
Just submitted mine :) Excited for this
Lmbo I totally forgot all about it
Do you wish real life were more like a movie? Which one? (Personal choice: Scott Pilgrim vs. The World)
WE WILL HAUL AWAY YOUR UNWANTED APPLIANCES AND OTHER HEAVY METAL ITEMS. INDIANAPOLIS INDIANA AREA GET A HOLD OF CHARLIE
I totally agree. I enjoy looking at my wife, too
yes indeed she need a good ass wooping lmao
Thanks for following, James!
Still coming off a high from shooting "The Other Woman" yesterday. What a great cast and crew!
That said, it is a wonderful country. I have friends and family there... many people that never have anything bad happen.
M sour gummy worms ^___^
LeBron to Miami!
Another beautiful day in #daBurgh!
: "espresso book machine is not the future of publishing, it's the present of publishing"
I don't care what the critics say. I'm looking forward to seeing Dark Shadows.
they went in on making him put his hair down in slow motion LMFAO
Movie recommendation is Kurt Russell in "The Thing"
Like from #ANTM? (: Love her!
Thanks to I am revived and recommitted to excellence in all things editorial.
Do You Like Take A Nap Everyday?
That would explain why customers keep asking me out.
Niggas that talk shit more than females <<<< fuck is that! Y'all NEED jesus in your life!
My new Jersey shore name is going to be "The Salutation". Hi!
You should call into work sick, it will be worth it, trust me ;-)
you aren't on it brother? Hahaha
do u follow me?
I want to eat a burrito with you tonight from beans and barley.
I'll txt u
OK gang, here's a code for Minecraft on 360: 2YHWP-YK6?X-KM4?H-GWDF3-?J6?Z One character has been removed! Good luck!
sorry puff I am not sure I recognize a hammer
Perfect Memorial Day weekend: 2 movies, 3 bbqs, good beer, Philly, lots of friends #weekendbeaten /cc
Best of luck to my very first Twitter buddy, , departing us to join Congrats and remember: Don't Be Evil.
is too good at pool.
we are not forever but that's great when we are leaving good memories
Learning christmas songs.....
Jajaja;No la dire aqui. P:
they're also running late with the announcement.
yes, with the curls. be the lady in a blazer, with a leopard print bike and curls! say no to book-ish glasses.
Woke up to a DUNS #! Scott Solutions is very happy this morning!! :)
Girls, never measure your happiness by whether you have a guy or not. Be happy with yourself.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Watermelon Salsa 4.68 / 5 Stars | 32 Reviews by Larry Brodahl "A simple salsa that is sweet and just mildly spic
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Just don't put your ear buds in and then sing out loud.
Thanks and for covering the #NAWBO event this morning.
#FF to our new British followers!
Had my shirt on inside out for 2 hours and no one said anything.
AFter watching the BC v WF game yesterday - all i can say to #BCEagles fans is - sign the #squirrel!
One day will follow me in that day would be the best and happiest day of my life!!! :)
You know what's funny is seeing a girl wearing Shape-ups, but what's even funnier is seeing a guy wearing Shape-ups...
Good lord. That's some scary shit.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. Buddha
I just want to go swimming or sit outside.
"Cause i'm just Marshall Mathers... "
thanks Mike!
hahahaha I wish I could like this
Check out Therisinghollywood.com
night buddy!
add me
xo thanks again - sleep well
Getting our first real look at punter Drew Meyer. He's got big shoes to fill now the Brad Nortman is moving on.
Hell hath no fury!!! And I'm not talking about women… this is Papa Bear!!!
