#CastingCall National TV Show looking for somebody who went thru PGD for a GIRL
Going to bed! Got burn 900 in the morning.
People can be inconsiderate. If you need help cutting this guy, let me know.
Looking forward to it!
": One of Romney's sons is the father of newborn twins! ....that was close. Looks like you're off the hook
Since you asked so nicely....Fu-fu-followed!
How that feel when your main squeeze is somebody else's baby momma? I don't know...shit will always hurt tho...I CAN'T imagine tho...
plus, i farted
dang. What you doing about it?
thanks Richard!
I've Worked Those Long Nights.. Long Nights TO Get A Pay Day
accidently unfollowed. just noticed. followed again. sorry.
Great job by the #brewers today. Robbed one of the better all-around catchers in the bigs. Now time to rob Axford.
I did a little name drop at Anthro last night and they hooked it up with a slip. Love you.
How about ditching them all and creating some good shows for a change?
The song "Blue Jeans"? Just watched the video and she just sounds like a spoiled rich girl trying to be deep. But not like BAD.
RT : Who remember Dana Barros? (played with Boston)
There's something truly wonderful about cooking with ingredients we grew in our garden.
Keep away from small people who try to belittle your ambitions. The really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Went out and picked up Joss Stone's discography to see she's worth robbing and killing... I just remembered my childhood and missed my mom.
I fuck the finest hoes ever
A good nights sleep before my first day of class. Can't wait for this term. Easy classes means more time to cook. Yay cooking!!
thank you ❤❤ there so much easier then glasses
Ah Fedde Le Grand is so fine (; Lol
How can I find the mascara noir fatal? I know it is discontinued but love it was hoping I might be able to find it somewhere.
alright :D
Oh, Gay's just wanna have fun!
Really hope you're right. They only got 8%, but as you know, #Greece's govt is crazed now. (Nice job referencing Oxi Day!)
MT : Haven't come up with a Halloween costume yet? Go to our fbook page for some ideas of interesting women you can dress as!
happy birthday in advance!
and as far as the location goes, that came from Aaron Rodgers.
How can I have the desire to do good and evil?
Happy birthday!
CONGRATS LOVE YOU!!!!!!<333333
are you saying it didn't happen? Under #SOPA or #NDAA it -could- happen this way. No question.
Old money Stingy! New money not fuckn with me! Future money gone be CRAZY-e!
on joining Katten: Firm also has a demonstrated commitment to giving back to the community, which is important to me.”
Just got back for DC
i love u
One more thing to check off the bucketlist: See a Siamese twin. That one took me by surprise.
This particular tweet makes me guilty.
In special summer choir at age 16. Did Schoenberg's De Profundis. All hated it until day of performance. Then we were all in love with it.
Thanks for the follow! We'll be dropping some free shit in 20 minutes. Stay tuned!
Apt. 1207 loves Angus! And misses you.
How's everyone's week going so far? I got jury duty! But haven't been called to report yet. Phew! :)
Proof that mock drafts are meaningless. Get a life.
Does having a twitter make me a twat? Some questions will never be answered.
Sven Bartschi....is really good at hockey. What a great goal. He is the best player on the ice at the Rose Garden. 1-0
This Game Is Over
while your making all the same mistakes
On behalf of thousands of DC residents, I thank you!
sounds pretty interesting. I just saw a NY times article about it
thats great im glad youre having fun :-)
You're free rolling now, so super aggro it up.
Tired of your look? Need something new ? Let #capellidoronyc give you a complementary consultation
hey im up to the challenge. Lets just hope we dnt need extra innings this time
Thanks Bobbi for the kind comment
“: That awkward moment when you try to take part in a conversation, but nobody hears you.” my life story...
why did you have it ?
the comments are priceless!
Hey Lubbock friends where is the new panda express?
Now I'm really intrigued about the Chicago anthem. This tweet is for
Got some packing and cleaning to do RT : what u have going for the weekend?
devil's in the details: & Amy Jones will discuss little HR slips that cause big problems at 's
Can't believe I only have 18 days left of school #SadTimes :(
my bad bro thought i was following u, haha thanks for the shotout
Let me know how it is... really wanted to go, but couldn't.
Check out Coa's Pineapple Chicken Torta! Grilled chix, topped with fresh pineapple, Mexican slaw, red onion, and our Coa mayo.
Thanks JB...really appreciate the endorsement!
Bruins TONIGHT! 7:30pm! Go Black & Gold! #RoadtoRepeat Watch the game with us!
Stay tuned! RT : Going into the studio with to record some drums tracks for the new songs. Stoked!
Should I watch Canadian SportsCenter where center is spelled wrong? Centre
I sure will!! Thank u...he'll appreciate that one!! :-)
Missing woman's family says she would never just take off w/o telling family. Michelle Le has been missing since Friday, in the Bay Area.
Blushing...thank you so MUCH!!!!!!!! Xo": congrats on your nomination. Powerful, flawless woman!! :-)"
If I wanted you to know I would of Told you..
Dreaming about the food I ate in Malta. Braised rabbit, lil funny tomatillo-like sweet berry thingies, prickly pear that we picked by ocean
Basically send out two messages a week for a month and earn a free shirt. Each month, eight messages = one free shirt.
I hate places where they have weird hieroglyphs instead of clear signs and I realize I have a 50/50 chance of getting it right
Love you work on Pan Am. Go Colette!
Looks like I'll be starting off March Madness a perfect 6 for 6 this year. Assuming Syracuse wins. Anyone else?
Lol k don't even remember the last time I got a text
EXCUSE ME. I AM 72 YEARS YOUNG.
Thanks for the RT!
Contemporary efforts at decoding the Maya glyphs fail because scholars filter them through classical linguistic studies.
hoping to win your giveaway for this weekend!
hii Nick M I'm txting cousin right now :)
I love how when I can be seriously pist off at my boyfriend and just one smile in that instant I can forget I was even mad <3
We slid through 1100 LIKES! YAY! Thanks everyone and hello to all of our new family!
so happy to be part of #latism11 check out what we are up to today www.latism.org
O'Neill is one of the very best defensive coaches in the game. Can't wait2c him w/a full roster of his own players.
Oct. 20th - Wei of Chocolate tasting event! 10% discount after presentation. Please call to reserve space - seating is limited. 480.686.8503
PS. Your friend Evan at is making some seriously fantastic shoes.
Will Smith Is My 2nd Cousin Because My Dad Is Stacy Groce and them 2 are cousins
It's Lunch Time!! :D RT #HotPockets & Tampico juice on deck
at work. Following the #libmade symposium though. It'll be archived, check it out! I can send you the link if you want
How about next Friday night after work?
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. - Napoleon Hill
Note to self: check which accounts are selected in tweetdeck before you hit the Send button, you ridiculous woman. :p
yah obviously. Man up
I sometimes ruin everything my luck 
Thanks for coming to Milwaukee! Meeting you at the Pabst made my trip home the best ever!
The nuggets are so much better without Melo!!!
Replay shows Ellis clearly safe at plate despite great throw by #Rockies CarGo. 1-0
This Koch douche bag is such a fucking waste of time. Condescending ass wipe. So, Koch Bros have companies in US, but killing Americans.
Mom: Have a cupcake. Me: I've been waiting for you to frost them. Mom: I don't have frosting, try some cream cheese.
I once replied to a wrong number text with "Look, man, I ain't fallin' for no banana in my tailpipe!"...but I did.
not at all. at least not yet. he's interesting to listen to and he's open to discussion, unlike sidky who just drones on and on.
Shout out! You're pretty cool. ;) Haha I love you!
she's got a rebel heart of country a mile wide (:
#LifelessonswithITW RT: Sometimes the things you most wish for are not to be touched
No doubt! Shouts to #FF=follow ...word.
new music with Hometown remix only on the next mixtape
A crash course in Corinthian. Columns: extra fancy. Leather: fake. Letters to by Paul: preachy but interesting.
This game is embarrassing
#SteelerNation Spread the word - get to 100 followers ASAP! RT this let's see how fast #SteelerNation works...Time now is 3:12
Idk what to watch on TV
hahah why thank you =D that she is!
Information Literacy is a prereq for a degree at PVCC -I'm becoming less and less optimistic I'm going to learn something
and are my favorite sophomores even though I like dick of my butthole :(
!! Your tweet ends at "recently passed..."!! Well anyway.. Congrats Sasheer!
#studioflow.... listening to it go down...
Happy Hour @ Wet Stone Featuring $5 glasses/$20 btls S.African Pinotage Washington State Chardonnay From 5-7pm Come & Getaway! Saludos!
Thank you so much!! We are just thankful to be a part of it :)
its cool!!!:) thats really cool though i live in north carolina blahh the only thing i like is the beaches!!!!!<33
And so it was told about storybook romancing & engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in "Real-Time".
She's the kind of girl that boys look at twice - they can't believe it the first time.
So everytime Chicago has their gay parade, imma make a sign with pics of Larry, Niam, Zouis and LiLo
im not really excited for my birthday as i thought i would be.
nice perspective
Resignation to the end. Always the end.
Gotta love
RT : Staying up til lobby call!!! Let's Go!!!!// Mines at 5:45am how about your's?
Love to hear your feedback.
This is true.. damnnit
Thank you magazine for featuring our dance program director Aubrey Lynch. He does dream big for the kids at
Wiped out from staying up way too late (crying) to finish the amazing Second Chance Summer. Totally recommend. Weekend only!
Lunch time at summit! That was some pretty good eating for a box lunch. Now it's time to learn more and network
that's very true
The last few weeks I worked extremely hard to catch back up.
institution wide cover up? You can prove that, right? Oh wait you were sick the day they taught Law at Law School.
This dude is telling me he spent time at an institution called "The Old Mental Vineyard"
hate to admit it, u r right. MCN in PDX was the 1st I worked on & yr committee rocked. No disrespect 2 Austin/Atl.
Tomorrow, I will be tweeting live from underneath Seth's weekend update desk where I will be hiding for a few days.
It is in the process of being worshipped that God communicates His presence to men. -C.S. Lewis
SOME PEOPLE ARE SO SMART ,TO THE POINT THEY ARE DUMB!! OR THEY ARE SO DUMB THEY WILL NEVER BE SMART THINK ABOUT IT
The series, focuses on the complex interrelationships between the social, political, and economic processes of global governance.
I know you could give a fuck, but I miss you buddy..... :/
Carly don't worry about me!;)
No kid in balloon. (His name is Falcon?!!) Watching tv reporters fumble as they try to figure out what to keep saying to keep us tuned.
Locked myself on the wrong side of the cell... Third time this week... For fuck's sakes
Miss walking/jogging. Found an "at-home" remedy of putting cabbage leaves on knee at night. What do you think?
YOU WEAR GLASSES!??!
On a happier note tho... Happy mothers day to u! I hope u and lil miss queenie have an amazing day! :)
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Does it really surprise you? ;)
what about Android?
Qualcomm announces that it will power Windows8 platform (mobile and PCs and tablets) with its Snapdragon processor.
Still hunting the elusive Hal Bevis
I'm done for today. I'm going to sleep... I wish you all a good night (or good day, depending on where you live)!
I was sitting for 5 min waiting for a car to move in the parking lot of whole foods ... Before I realized it was parked.
HOW DO YOU FOLLOW PPL ON THE NEW TWETTER
Had my morning coffee with in Australia this morning. Love that girl! Now having lunch with the other Ally & talking business.
A CS MS student asked me for a good CS comp team name. I suggested "Widespread Kernel Panic." She had no idea what a kernel panic is. Sigh.
I wonder what chairs think about all day: "Oh, here comes another asshole." - Robin Williams
Thank you #Bruins for ending this weekend on a high note!
You know who I feel bad for? Adele's ex-bf. Sure, I bet he was a jerk. But does he deserve worldwide humiliation. Forever?
Wish I didn't see that tweet tho!!!
Thanks for the RT !
Semi truck off road completely and on its side on I-97 near MP 54, just happened. Guys pulling open cab says driver ok. cc:
love you & your music, love you on the Grammys, you have to come to Detroit, MI. So I can see you live! #1 fan keep singing.
Saying DC is too limited is like saying Twitter is too limited. Each is well suited for some purposes, but not all ...
looking to hire UX Developers and iOS Developers! Email us at
♪♫You're the only one that gets me high enough to fly up in the sun, you are my angel above♪♫
My TiVo randomly stopped recording South Park.
Hating your past means you hate what you've become
thanks for letting me borrow your chariot while henrietta ford is in the truck hospital. So much fun to drive that thing!
Now tht sounds so original and healthy. Do you use beans as well?
apparently a movie shoot is going on downtown todayy
Today we have a great Family Matinee presented by Artist Home. Curtains For You with The Horde and The Harem! Doors at 4pm
We will be closing at 4pm on 12/31 and will reopen on Monday at Noon. Have a wonderful and safe New Year, and see you all in 2011!
Congrats to Lesley Farmer, recipient of ALA's Beta Phi Mu Award, and Michele Gorman, winner of YALSA's Thinking Big About Advocacy contest!
yeah. If it was a govt official the honesty in his assertion would've been less refreshing...
I am currently looking for rep. I just did two national commercials with no rep. Is there a way I can submit my stuff to you>?
They're a great neighbor to have and rabbits love company. Speaking of which, cocktails on the patio soon!
RT - The New England patriots
Getting ready to go to Portland for a conference with two amazing SOURCE actors!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Monday!
Anyone else feeling that NPR and their ed coverage has changed because of Gates money? I do.
Want a #swinger discount getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
Getting my hair done today
This was our first press as Ill Mondo, thanks guys! RT : Congrats to for all their success & I wish them much more.
My dog has more fight than this. And it's 15 years old.
Dale was slowly losing his way with the group. He's old & can't offer the group much besides morality. no space for morality :(
omg... I love you so much for sharing this info!!
I look forward to your recording "Surely" by Carole King as in I hope you do.
From batch #90670: The retail shop is teeming with customers today. . .it’s great! Perhaps they could smell the bergamot from outside.
can your iPad tweet from the roof?
What up gangsta~
aww, don't worry, he's in a better place (:
Zoo animals trying to eat children is officially my favorite genre of YouTube video.
She doesn't even go here
if any of you girls are getting married to any of the boyz. youre inviting me. & making me best man. lol jkkk
Mike Talking Ta Me Like I'm Just Some Bitch Talm Bout "Uh Huh" Mf Text Me.!!!
. if DWade was this bad vs every team this year, no way he's an all-star. Must be an Ind D thing
Tried to go down a one way street. Whoops.
The feeling you get when you ask Jesus Christ to come into your heart and save you >>> ANYTHING ELSE. It's the best feeling in the world.<3
We got that 1D telepathy lol :-)
nada just sayin thanks for the "serve the dealer" love
haha! I think we know what you're having!
So who's the handicap? Wood or Dolls?
Rihanna #DoinTooMuch in that video "You Da One"
“: dc tourist season is in full swing, can I just move now? I can't handle all these teva's and backpacks”
Want more followers? Then do these1)Follow 2)RT this n S/O 3) More U Do it More Followers you get n We will Return the Favor....
Actually, I dig cubism. There's a really cool German one at the museum. Muted tones.
I'm I Da Onllii Normal Child Left..!!
SXSW made me realize I have a serious weakness for black-haired, doe-eyed women with sleeve tattoos and bad attitudes.
On the 950: no Junkie today - NPR News Special on Obama's deficit speech instead. Maybe a secret trivia question.
Three words -
Let's play two! #Orioles could send a message sweeping today but let's not get ahead of ourselves. Bullpen can't get taxed.
that is funny.
Hey I miss you. I can't wait to see you. :/
The best thing about game testing is that it can be a home based job and you can do it in your leisure time
I personally like the videotones app the best.
TODAY in the SLIS Commons: SLC-SC Meeting from 11:45-12:15. Special library folks and other interested parties are invited to attend!
Why should people care if your a belieber. Its wrong to bully a guy for liking Justin bieber. R.I.P
Not the roses!
#SMH these dudes don't really wanna make money
ha ha good night
I have bought like 5 copies of the new single already!! Love ya Dave!! Always here to support you!
|#quotes We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
they don't even know if there's going to be a third season...*fingers crossed*
Thanks so much for following! We look forward to bringing you updated info on our cause so you can come to our event! <3
Girl: Why she don't have to wait on line? Me: Bi*** Jump off my Racks on Racks on Racks!
Oh no! what happened to the site ?
i am here! It's amazing, thank you for being so kind! I wish you were here too! xoxo
Thanks for the plug, Armi. I'm pretty good with most php scripts, but those Ventrino boys always throw a surprise my way.
Doan and that cheater Smith!! Take GOAL #3 you #Coyotes bastards!
#COYS AND COME IN WEST BROM!!!
glad it was good! Will definitely check it out
lmfao no body! I just woke up and they were like this!
#imagine you & Justin got in your first fight. Justin: thats it, im done (YN)! u start crying. Justin: im sorry, please forgive me, i love u
No problem. It was great meeting you too!
nice meeting you too!
I know. It's shameful. That's why I want to start a consultancy/communications firm for that express purpose!
Remind me that we'll always have have each other... When everything else is gone
hope you're feeling better :-)
APPETIZER - CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
Hey! the market has its opening day today -- do you mind retweeting to help promote it? Thanks!
How bad does Clark Kellogg want to say "Good move by Cody Zellar but screw his brother."
no problem girl!
Agreed! Gracious writers make me smile (and make me want to read their books!)
Afraid to read The Hunger Games, afraid to go watch the movie. Cause it will make me want to get back to writing & I won't be able to stop.
thank you:) That means a lot to me
I love how it takes us 25 minutes to say goodnight because neither of us want to leave.<3
I'm so happy with my iPhone 😊
You are such a beautiful, supportive friend. I love you!
Picking Hayward might finally signal a move to safety for C Wood. as if the Collins move didn't already
lil model pose I c u lol
happy New Years to you too!!
If ya ain't balling y u on Da court then?
I understand. Are all your children in school? Will you have help with the kids while you attend school? If you don't mind me askin
I know nobody likes domestic violence. But how cool would it be if everyone knew karate!
I can never luv a dirty bitch
Thank u ;) That's very cool!!
Gearing up for another full day of photo shoots tomorrow:)
Onto day 2 of #novelworldsduke . Exciting panels on empire and world-systems, object worlds, and novelistic world-refusal ... *all at 10am*
I think that's the power of seguin...he's giving them some tampa bay-like energy.
Can't wait! Heading to for Big Boy Toy Show w and the sexy cast of
Check out www.okkle.com to submit music and see the lineup thusfar for freetulsa music fest!
Thank you!!!
The best relationships are those in which ppl are friends first.
* Let me be cruel, not unnatural; I will speak daggers to her, but use none. - Hamlet, Act I, Scene II
it's grosstastic! P.s. got your email-- yay!!!!!!!
oh no. I should have never asked jk lol
r u being smart??
maybbe! I hope, he hasn't painted me, since he was 4.. I miss the days when he didn't know better!
15% left on my phone ):
Guess who's getting his Gucci belt for bday??? Yup MAC$$$ ... PRIVATE Sale at Gucci is coming up...gotta go see my girl Nataliya in Natick
Mike Green has to protect his House
Kay,bye
Back at my desk fully powered and ready to do the best job I can.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is about building each individuals wealth not re-distributing others
#ancientgreek phrase of the day - ῥοδοδάκτυλος Ἠώς - "rosy-fingered Dawn"
If theBuffet rule is up for vote in the Senate why are we not outraged it passed the house? < mean eyes >
It scares Chuck Norris
♫ You say tomato and I say tomahto ♫ …What song makes you think of #Monicals?
think i should form an all male band that only does covers of chick bands.
Hahaa... Good! Do the online practice tests! Those will help a lot too!
HELL YEAH!!!!!!GIANTS ARE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL!!!!!!!Super bowl 46 here we come!Pats better watch the frick out!(:
If that's the case I'm going to have to imagine a remote sabbatical in 2015.
My new record will not dissapoint. Hope ya speakers can handle it...them 808s sound like smooth thunder
good win last night....held opponent under 50pts again .....team pizza! ...
I loved your article (your photos were good too)... I learned so much from you and I was there...lol
Just some friendly jabbing on gameday. See you tonight!
St Pete bound can't wait to get out of Paris TN! 1st i gotta C wats going on with this contract from Galaxy --chasing the dream!! ~Ecstasy
The professor made eye contact with me for the first time all quarter while he walked in.
Every media before social was passive says
This day was very taxing. I'm ready for a huge glass of wine & some mindless TV.
Can I take you out for a drink while you're in SF? Our neighborhood is crawling w/ folks in GDC badges and I'm totally jealous
i dont do lay ups i slim dunk
Jordis already had her shot at this stuff. Give someone else a chance
go for it. let me know if you need any help.
Looking at the batting averages in the #Brewers line-up today is totally depressing.
um hi i'm the winner today congrats to me!
Set before you is an open door!
#SmackDown Time to play the game.
looks like an OnGuard to me
If you, O Lord, should mark inequities, Lord, who could stand? But there is forgiveness with you, so that you may be revered. -Ps. 130
Considering a hair change. Love the red but damn it's upkeep. Uh oh...
Not wondering about the meta part, just the admin page piece. But thanks.
What a beautiful Saturday in SF. Nothing like some relaxation in the sun.
Meeting Prize recipient #KarenArmstrong today #NJ event 2hear more abt
How to become a successful chapter - "our members talked and we listened" so says the "Chex Mix" Chapter of the Year,
yea he does! That's so weird! LLN :)
make me
isn't he amazing LoL YUM! Hiya hun hope all is well over there.
Just read your bio, it would be wonderful to have you guest blog for us about Aspergers. Would you be interested?
I'm logged out of my texting app sorry talk to me through Facebook kbye (;
Dude why is that dudes voice sounds like a girl!!??
I Love Rubber Bands, On His Braces When He Lip Syncs Ladies Love Me <3
damn why does that always happen?
We love ppl that love us....we ador ppl that follow us so do us a solid and press that follow button
thank you! :) glad you like 'em.
You mean the NFL Defensive MVP can't be replaced by Kruger and 2 guys who have basically never played a snap?
Getting ready to watch Tron 3d. All set with my big box of junior mints.
The act of sharing can take away from the moment itself
ohh ive been there plenty ;) wait what :p?
any particular groups or songs? I need to listen to this type of music on this foggy NYC day
Feb 15 is more important than feb 14, cuz today is the day when chocolate go on sales! #valentine's
FOREVER SHREDDING BUTTS!!!
not being able to meet you, crying, then you secretly signed posters for us! Thank you, we love you.
I beg to differ. I thought 's All Caps personal request to check her profile was pretty heartfelt and personal.
#HappyMothersDay <3333 :) LOVE YOU MOM. You're the best!! :D
you sound like the models on zoolander! An iced mocha frapachinnnnnnooo!!
congrats on closing the PLAYBACK fundraiser series - wonderful listening sessions at ARUP's SoundLab this weekend. more to come!
Have a great weekend y'all ! xoxo
FLASH FLOOD WATCH REMAINS IN EFFECT THROUGH THIS EVENING..CALL RESTOTECH DKI IF YOUR PROPERTY RECEIVED DAMAGE. 702-664-6910
Follow she follow back,!
hey wut u up to?
Alright, I'm beyond potentially jinxing myself at this point. Mother Nature seems to have quite an opinion about canceling our Napa weekend
no, this isn't a daily game
We are taking walk-ins all weekend. Come on in and get Thai!
right here...dm me
When my hand falls asleep :O
Yeah! I was with the girl in the driveway! Haha I was picking up my shoes when you guys were walking.
Chinese buffet at 5 before the Eberron game tonight?
Hey Richard! Come into Velocity Sports Performance NYC for a free trial workout!
But, believe it or not, the real pirates left behind a treasure trove of information about -- can you guess? Marine ecology.
s/o real nigga came tho ASAP blessed me with a hook and a 16
Dear guys, If you're gonna text me, please keep the conversation going. Sincerely, tired of "yupp"
If anyond has the jam "i am a pizza" hook a yeti up! Por favor!
mediocre tweets.
Way to step up and take a proper stand to #BoycottRush .
Please do! It'll be on YouTube and Hulu as well during/after the game :)
I need your email address please. Old school I know. Mine is the same if you can email me.
Everybody's having babies! I have like 3 babyshower invites just for the month of June alone!
I really want it to thunderstorm.
What Salsa band would you bring to your city if you could? Me? El Gran Combo. Now if I could only pull some strings for my birthday party.
wat u finna get this time
indeed, indeed.
i wonder when Im rubbing under my chin, if ppl think i'm in deep thought or if they see Im rubbing the stubble growing out of my mole there?
lol i hate the nba i was just giving you shit i could care less who wins the nba havent watched a full game in years
"we can still be friends" "really" "NO GO FUCK YOURSELF"
Visit any of our 35 members to give a donation to Today & giving 5% of revenue!
Only watching Dancing because of Donald Driver. Thought he deserved a higher score than some of the others.
I've never had a crush on a movie character/actor/actress before. Strange.
“Don’t ever worry about things that don’t worry about you!”-Wiz Khalifa
Congrats on the Job, I feel like a proud ex-half-step-father.
When you want something, all of the Universe conspires to help you achieve it
I do not answer unknown or blocked calls or any number I don't know sorry but I'm not goin to waste breath
Where are you going for Happy Hour?
I just taught how to play The Ring
I don't get it
Made any posters for the guys? Tweet me the pictures making a college of them and putting them on the tumblr! Spread the word!<333
#BEARS - Can the defense force a turnover once in a while... geeze, it's not rocket science. And can Cutler please hold on to the ball.
done with my shoot!! Back to airport
probably just a bad sensor
Excited for the event at tonight - love the San Diego PR community! :)
Last time Albert Pujols hit a home run during the regular season was 9/22/11 against former Mets Pitcher Chirs Capuano during the 5th inning
I know I'm not the only one hyped about going to see #TheAvengers Fri!
:) Oh yay!! It's pretty short loI didn't look that short in the document. Okay sent ^_^
and if i say it i mean it
#10 Archerville Cartel "No Handouts" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
,just go through my pics and look at one
The Museum will be closed Saturday, July 4 in observance of the holiday.
Grrrr Ryan Carter, I don't care if you did play for the Gamblers, you're not allowed to score on Henrik.
Finally found some motivation to do some house cleaning before heading down to milfords bike races this evening.
Thanks for connecting. I've added you to the list /social-media. Check it out.
i can't figure out which side of this argument you're on now.
So I made an attempt to go to sleep...
Without my account do you know how I feel? Hope you have one guilty concious cause I could kill myself tonight over you.
you're welcome bud.
Why everybody is going to Paris in November?
Nice...I mean BAD! I'm eating too many of those things lately!
You can try the 'Handbrake' to convert .avi files to .mov or .m4v format for play on Mac, this is a freeware ...
oh darn, he forgot to wear his hoodie under his t-shirt and the rain boots. Maybe next time. ;-)
RT : When enough Americans get together we can defeat the big money of corporate interests. #ohio #issue2 defeated
Facebook Buys Gowalla [REPORT] on.mash.to/u9cuQb
I miss Boston. Such a great city... despite all the Red Sox & Patriots fans...
Yes, I am Ms. Grumpy pants right now. Who wants to know?
A BIG thank you to everyone who participated in celebrating the opening of the #OGStudio this week!
OMG my dad would be cleanin the guns for ME!! no "but daddy"s would work that time...
Sprained my other ankle /;
just ordered grey matters on netflix look forward to it thanks for the recommendation
My dad is a douche on the real! Can't stand him!
Playing basket ball by myself ):
Lots of new prints, canvas, and goodies on the way!
signs of a real New Yorker.
I'm doing pretty good:)
"Fail better." --noted computer scientist Samuel Beckett
just saw ya at the tap house, great food enjoy!
that's what we're going to do, so i'm looking right now, i'll text you when i find some!
Man, I'd kill for some Chipotle right now ...
What are the lacking most right now? The Coach has the answer tonight at 6:30, 10, 11 ,
Family/friends of teenage arson suspects praying before juvenile hearing. 15-year olds blamed for fire at Woodburn HS
Roofs closed on a beautiful day...whoever makes these decisions is a
underdog of the year, call me rocky
how long was the development cycle for dishwasher ?
Have you been neglecting your business documents, or do you have a big report on the horizon? ScribeModerne is here for you!
Awesome. In Florida, I had a Pad Thai taco
i bet it would...that's wehre it all started hahaha
Wow. Now that was a workout!
Ok, so Model UN for iPad is coming along just fine. How many of you are looking forward to that?
Wow, she's beautiful, congratulations!
I hit tweet limit
The lowriders have arrived to 's live shot with Ruben. Make sure to watch at 7:45 AM to see these cars bounce!...
!!!!!!! « « I wish you would understand i wanna be more than just your friend.»»
Sugar Pops tag line used to be "the crunchy part of this nutritious breakfast" - Nutella can be "the chocolaty, yummy part..."
Lookin for Female MC for up and coming MixTape Track, if you interested hit me up. RT and Spread the Word
thanks for the ff
my dad just yelled at me and called me a pagan bahahaha
okay sis and tommy message u on it
Fablehaven author Brandon Mull appears at the Allen Public Library at 1 p.m. Saturday, May 7, 300 N. Allen Dr., Allen Public Library
Hm, ironic.. I get my hair done by Jessica, too. We were talking about you. (; & Happy Birthday! I love you. You're amazing.❤
good:) and yourself?
I say if pacman don't what to do the blood test of take 40% of 100mill plus shit give it to Cotto on the rematch..
I think you guys are awesome! Thanks for all the compliments, thank-yous, followbacks, shoutouts and support! ♥♥♥♥♥
It's a WRAP! Thanks for joining us for the live tweets! More pictures and videos will be on facebook & twitter!
Loyalty does not pay when it comes to flying
I love it
How'd I miss this? You're now at Brown as Director of Online Development? Marvelous!!! (glad you've retained Gator fan status)
It's 7:03 PM on a beautiful Tuesday night, and Michigan still sucks.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Is there really no way to edit or add someone to a list from within the iPad app?
um are you forgetting my little knee locking issue
I know you better than you know yourself lol
would have to think he's a 5th rnd max, right? was only 2nd to begin with and underperformed...
i'm really emotional. i cry at the thought of One Direction sometimes. should i see a docter about this? omg.
Let me text this girl........brb
haha feelings are mutual. You would both probably frightened to know how much I know about your lives however..
I crave affection, never fear rejection & I dream of perfection everyday.
SOME WORDS OF THE WISE: people make mistakes in life but mistakes make people!, think about it
This morning a Lake County judge approved a $70,000 settlement reached on the eve of trial for my client who suffered a torn meniscus in a …
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Barcelona - "Faded"
Thank you for opening a window. The sky is clear as my mind is now. I was a long long way off.
so that means you have to redo it next quarter, from scratch :P
Decisions decisions
Great Job last night to our Saints! On our way to a GREAT #twodat #whodat season
Hungry as fuck!!!.
Haha not therapy. The main things, the important things, etc. :-)
You Already Know !
Okay back now
WHAT IS THOS BREWFEST?!!! Give me a straw && I'm good to go! Make sure to let me know!!! I'm living off of 23/Hoyt-party.
Thx for the feedback on Dee Jay everybody...definitely going to try putting Maximum on his leg (not a porn joke)
Happy mothers day! Can we go to Nordstrom now...?
You rock.
I Have Bitch Fits , I Know I Do .
You wanna ride with us to San Marcos tonite.?
Rick! Don't agree with this shit. I say who follows me. I'm the boss of my ig.
great times yesterday! thats right! monday come rock with me good spot's new local above the allen in LES thompson hotel's 7th floor!
Jeans from forever21 never fit right.
☼If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives. Do good anyway...
I miss being 21 :(
Thanks to new followers ! , , ,
New favorite show 'Celebrity House Hunting' on The Biography Channel.
Won't play Paris Bercy-too fast indoors, won't play Madrid-too fast outdoors
Having cawfie w my boy nick hes like the brother i never had or like the brother i never wanted neither
KCLS: going from 10 items per square foot to 5. Again, focus on people space not stuff space.
yeah to see Casey lol yeah that's true I think I can pay that off in two visits
Now open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays.
Listening to your "Ready For Love" CD. Chillaxin... *(*.
We love Vegas, get "dibs" on a staycation with us!
The difference between you and and me is...I care too much, while you couldn't care less/:
Hey Joan! Feels great!
we all did!
Check out the member favorites on our homepage. There's a coupon up there for $7 off. www.savings.com
how you been?
It's a new day! I am 34 and moving from FB to Twitter! Follow me!
Fresh condoms! Get 'em while you're hot!
Tomorrow @ 6pm Bounce TV, ch. 115, Cox New Orleans, will start a Soul Train marathon honoring Don Cornelius, beginning w/1st show.
“: Shout out to handbell choirs still hopin' like hell for record deals.” Handbell choirs? Hahahahaha!
Snr. Master Sgt. Torry Thompson, part of greeting team, asked president about the NBA finals. Obama said he'll support the Spurs.
Good morning !! I will be following u all day 2day!! R so proud!!
What cha Mad @??? If you getting $ you wouldnt worry about $hit!!!
you're a #tweetcreep... You follow but you don't tweet... C'mon now
he got swag
If i was a magician there wld be a box of pizza in front of me right now.
whoa?! I thought we were cool?
Well about to go to school LAST DAY OF SCHOOL!!!! (:
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
I know Mann me too but shit went down & it sucks :/ but alright boo I'll try to go over soon 😘
Lunch today : linguini with a tuna marinara, brick oven pizzas, beans & greens, potato & sausage soup, torta rustica. www.enricobiscotti.com
It's disappointing Lugar didn't win his primary. With him and Snowe leaving, Congress will be more partisan than ever.
thank you for the RT!
I won't give up, that easily.
Don't just set your goals....get your goals.
your my idol please follow me!
I'm enjoying it for sure! I think deep down, all Oklahomans just love to hate Dallas. It's great!
...and what you had, and what you lost. Thunder only happens when it rains!
I absolutely love it when you just randomly stop texting me in a full conversation. I just can't tell you how much I love it.
They'll put up a fight like we've done throughout his injuries. It's gonna be though when we need that extra spark he provides
I live how my sister my cousin and are saying their ducks for life! Haha
,I.S.D. Locksmith We guarantee to save you $$$ on all ur locksmith needs. call any time 619-335-7969
happy birthday jakey!(:
Awesome! // RT : Booked my plane ticket for and looking forward to great sessions and conversations.
Had a scary dream..
Shir forgot we had room inspections today , hope I don't fail !
Our bad, but yes we do franchise! :-)
No. 2's a little existential, don't you think?
Maybe the next email from the #Twins will say "Mauer is the 2nd best defensive catcher on the team but we pay him $23 million anyway."
It's official, #bidday is the best day of the year.
thinking about pulling the trigger and buying LEGO WeDo for Madigan's 7th birthday. Thoughts? Is it worth the $$$?
RT I was sure the plane had a leak somewhere : A6: flying Ryanair is adventurous, if u don't have a quid for the loo
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. —Jim Rohn
you're right. Adele is one amazing bitch. But Gaga will always be queen.
a plane ride and 5 hours
Will you please do something about the ghettoness of those vinyl fighter sponsor signs? Please use a green screen or something.
basically girls who were topshop nirvana tops and think its fucking too cool even though they dont listen to nirvana...
How funny that #CableOne 's twitter account can't even give updates to the outage, a perfect way to communicate with customers and nothing.
Twitter hates me . Lol
ADVERTISEMENT: There is nothing like the freedom that comes with being delivered over other folks opinion of you. Try it, TODAY!
: Cromell's mom would probably go #1 in the fantasy football draft if it weren't for the character issues.
Thanks to Judge Ken Wise for being the keynote speaker at today's HYLA swearing in ceremony!
follow me?!
I'm going back to quad party haha
To follow our Mali team (Linda & Garrett) goto: www.microventuresupport.org and click on blue blog box
if they get voted off before they're in the final two I'm shooting someone~
#WhatBrightensMyDay Knowing that #God is working in the lives of those i love and pray for…in so many people…He always surprises me.
Roland, will Prince be bringing any to the Tigers? Will miss you at this year. hope to see you next year!
Thank you to all who attended and supported our 2012 Civic Luncheon!!!
LOL at all this 7th grade drama.
is whoa pissed at Lego Star Wars
Subway is the nursing home of restaurant smells.
AMB. ERTHARIN COUSIN OF THE US WAS APPOINTED TO HEAD WORLD FOOD PROGRAMME TODAY BY UN SecGeneral BAN Ki-moon. CONGRAT'S TO OUR GOOD FRIEND.
Everybody always talks about how good Starbucks is, but I can't say the same. Why? Simple, I've never been to a Starbucks.
didn't hang up on ya, I fly through the first 24 calls with "you're caller __, try again"- I might have said it too fast!
#FF the street team
I feel like it's right up your alley. And by that I mean: assassin nuns! crossbows! pretty dresses!
Its funny cause I didn't think that anything could be sexier than the Boyfriend video, untill I seen the Boyfriend performance. HOLY SHIT!
:( RT : ill buy my bestfriend some plugs as soon as she gets me some(;
I refuse to believe Im tired. Only 4 hrs of dancing. There's time 2go2 the gym but I think the bed wins tonight. Oatmeal 4 weekend it is!
Ugh Ugh Ugh
on the 4th is sold out.
RT Before you all get ahead of yourselves I'm not playing tonight
haha word! we still gotta make that record mang!
- Thatss Wassup - &&' Thx (= . I Talkk Spanish Just A Lil Even Tho I Been Learning It Most Of My Life. Is French Easier.?
let me know what you think!
You got a man but fuck around wit other dudes.. you a HOE.
Just had a delicious salad with tempeh. Tempeh is a good source of protein and fiber as well as magnese, copper, and phosphorus.
Thank you!!
FUNKY FRIDAY! #Weekend on the horizon. What's your favorite weekend #song?
Yay time for the #RHOA baby :-) :-)
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Real men do the dishes:)
Ah I guess not. You better be in detention today..I'm alone.
Damn you, Madewell, and your seductive sale emails.
Omar Bravo!!!
I really hope Fey & Co. use their shortened final season to up the ante, the best 13 ever.
I have officially accepted Director of Admissions position at Chinquapin School. Watch out Houston, here I come!
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show?
No school today
Or maybe just a golf clap.
Less like a review though, more like my pathetic attempt to grasp at a bit of theory that EVERYONE is talking about. Comments welcome!
I can't believe senior year is already over. Shits gonna get real.
Ask through your actions and you shall receive...
I feel like this draft had the most diverse picks. Many players taken from all over the world and not alot from the states.
LET'S TALK SOME BUSINESS IF IT'S REAL!!!!
so adorable!
Seize the trout!
~> RT : Used to get Club Rain cracking lolol RT : Lollipop by Wayne still my shit
ttu freshmen and transfers are awesome!
Awesome! You'll have a blast, it's such a great city. And I do love it, thanks! Good luck :)
lol ugh fine :p you better not forget
Oomf is an alcoholic and needs help, I'll help you.....to my bed ") sleep here.
Gonna get my nails done
the texts between Jenny & I >>>>
That's right just leave Lebron
lol it's hard cause I'm sick of bullshit from people!!!!
And who let the dogs out....No? I've ruined it.
This guy has his pants to tight he walks like a girl :D
aw don't get too butthurt
went to guest house for the first time today to help serve a first-saturday meal -- pretty intense & amazing place. i'll definitely be back.
But i Guess in the End . Its Worthh it -_-
Women are always right! As a woman, I can confirm that fact.
Come to Indy now we miss u
Any #librarians out there using Roving Reference in their #library ? How does it work? Is it successful?
what do you do at the ?
Friday Humor: "Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush." ---Doug Larson
RT metal junkies“: Back at the studio today- Clown is filming segments! Should be interesting to say the least. Stay tuned.”
I give up, tell me how!
#WhatGetsMeMad; seeing you with her, because we both know you could do better..
RT I love me some LEGO! How can I help? RT Really big LEGO project is coming this May to Richmond.
"you can roll the muthafunka if you want to"
Mad Men was also good. I didn't expect Don & Megan to be married at the start of the season. Episodes like tonight's show why it makes sense
happy birthday ms niki
thank you so much for blessing us and by joining us at the after show party! You guys are amazing!
Thanks for the memories:)
Congratulations to your Rangers!!!!!! ;)
😁. Cavs aren't in the playoffs so I can cheer for Lakers...
awesome job for making "UK Loves Victoria" trend. would be so happy and proud
Thanks so much, Jessica! “: Just voted for !!”
I know. Me too
(c) wallet. She was staring at me up and down for a straight minute. Then she looked at the f21 bags and she gave me a snobby look. It's (c)
Discover Taya Beauty
sharing how today is the moment of realization that customers need to "feel" brands
RT Me you! Love ya rihanna!!!! : I'm on my level yea
Midnight showing of Battleship with
Quinoa, cocoa powder, coconut milk, chia seeds, bananas and pecans...delicious breakfast!
Are you dead like me?
Hi! For now, just have the photographer you work with submit your work for new issues and/or our website. Hope this helps! :)
lol naw I'm listening to Temptations old scho
is certainly a program favorite! Dark psychological soundscapes, dredging the subconscious to reveal hidden mysteries!
Read that monster that slaughtered 3 kids in Michigan is being held in JUVENILE Court. Does that mean "the nutless wonders" try him as a Kid
really though...thanks!!
Im down.
Why haven't I bought that soundtrack yet? Or Rubber for that matter?
She's also now eligible to run for elected office in Switzerland
Happy Monday!!! Time for some Oolong! Come on, you had to know that was coming:)
#FF: – Great industry knowledge and engaging tweets
its playing in theaters again?
Glee characters are like children in the mall lost and found or a giant hide and seek.
Congrats!! We'll see you tonight!
Hot off the waffle iron: The SanDisk Sansa Clip+ is offically Waterproof! Get stoked and buy one.
Getting down to 38 F in the MIA tonight, bundle up! =)
I need a break. From everything and everyone.
how r the wings?
whats up? U need a hug
And there goes an awful #Caps PP...
Oh thank god, they finally fucking canceled iCarly. Dan Schneider, go die in a fire please. Stop making TV shows.
Lifetime membership in Alpha Phi Omega: $100. NRA: $300. I know which one I'm more inclined to purchase.
now i want a serious boyfriend.
big moment for you and your people. Can't wait to see it for myself in a month!
Lots of outdoor seating here-bring your office down to Brady Street. Lunch is avail and the bars make great conference rooms.
I'm glad you like the new displays!
🎶What A Wonderful Caricature Of Intimacy
Robert Killinger~ You cant win at everything but you can laugh at everything.
Seems like a very warm lady, Ginnie. I think I'm going to read #SisterCitizen. I know I enjoyed the #CSpan seg.
As I said before: Gotta keep up the pressure. No #FireSpaz offense.
Eff this day.
Welcome to the launch of the official Firefly Twitter page!
What is your biggest DEAL-BREAKER in a relationship?
I'm up way to early.
Which means yes we will be golfing this summer and the foreigner will be coming even though she doesn't know that yet.
Can u guys folo me
In twitter-time yes.
Ready for the
my bro was fucked up in da city lol
Thank you, Tim. Fascinating article. And you were spot on abt tchrs & tech!
um why does someone named destiny keep answering your phone??
Hey Gayle how did you like the firewalk with Tony that night?
Me - " is the creator of isanyoneup." Jess - "The creator of what?" She obviously must be living under a rock.
...if you live to be 100, I wanna live to be 99 so I don't have to live without you...Pooh Bear (one of my favorite philosophers :)
Sunshine all around here as well. All is well. Hoping the summer drags its feet a little so I can enjoy every minute.
I wear too much pink and I don't even like that color?
Nice Kelly Clarkson, did I say I Love you, yet
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
gahahahaha I gotta do that remind me
I want to see it :D
Classic cocktails for 33 cents! Wahoo for the debut of happy hour !!
Derby coverage or Men In Black?
Thanks Darius Subatis 4 graciously &informatively showing us around set! U helped raise $ 4 Portland Public Schools. Grimm rocks!
yes maam #food ;)
Out in #eav for see us at the !
Nothing recedes like success. -Walter Winchell
Need a new hdtv. Any suggestions? 46"
I like to watch the news? Wtf..
Hey Chicagoland! If you're a curator/collections manager/registrar, I would love to chat with you!
Still taking Tournées Festival bookings! Contact us to learn about any of our 3 films on the list at
Hey & , thought you'd want to know that the #tumblrweeds fell from grace to 7th place.
What the hell's a Godfather's Pizza and why do I care? I understand huts and dominoes, things I can be enthusiastic about, even.
that picture wasn't even half of em
Blondie the Clueless Cat is sitting under my car. Brings back happy memories of the Garage Kitty.
Harry knuckles and all
Hunt for Red October? Yes, please. I like being home before bartime.
Cause I need you ..
I think that's your world series matchup at the end of this year.....
I'd kill for some taco bell and a slurpee right now.
I'm always amazed by how many of these acronyms I thought I knew, but didn't. Keep 'em coming!
It'll make you a bitter person. Resist. RT : maybe i'll make a new one:
I love this - we should do for our authors!
certainly is!!
someone should take a video of her one day
-- i.e. if something happens that causes me to regret that choice, and the cost of switching is too high, then I am out of luck.
The Heat might lose this series
Steinbeck is still right. Big Sur remains the world's greatest meeting of land and sea.
62 mph wind gusts at Folsom Field in Boulder
don't worry lol
don't forget my birthday in 3 minutes ha ha have to remind one of my faves!! South land rules!!!
I was just in Baltimore last week for the first time. Thanks for the timely map.
You got that right! :)
the middle finger fully extended, and the catchphrase, 'Go F*** Yourself!'
He dead?? : #RIPJaRule you won't be missed
: All right.
Discussing new categories for this year's show. @ reply your suggestions.
he told me he was 19 so I asked what year he was born and he replied 89..... lol
Yay! Thank you - I love surprises :)
Jaguar F-Type is poised to pounce in 2013
that's good how's the break treating u
Have any questions on marble restoration? Don't hesitate to ask. Free estimates always. All Marble Restoration 561-293-3658
So how about that ice cream ?
I don't remark what that was mister o.0
nice blog coverage abt Romney camp fumble. But that's inside baseball for many. Did anyone ask them (as biz gurus) why (1/2)
Shooting the Planetary video
Hahahahahha the way me and josh are talking to each other right now >>>> 😄😊😭👍
“: It doesn’t matter how old you are. if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit.”
they certainly did!
Thank you for the tweet - we had a great protest against the GOP's
Working on the next 2 months of events... Y'all don't got any idea of what's to come!
What will it take to get to guest spin at Room 101? Hottest mix show Dj around!
lower 40 will be playing tonight @ Whiskey Chicks so come on out, bring your friends & listen to some great music & start weekend off right!
I dont have a huge house,a brand new car,or lots of money.What I do have is an amazing family nd friends nd memories that will last forever.
well that would not work. rt he shd b the nxt bachr but have a girlfriend also on .
The Patriots' logo is supposed to be a ghost from the Revolutionary War, right?
Just wrapped the Woodinville Costco Shop Night. Great fun, local businesses and holiday cheer!
Looking forward to it! cheers! RT : Can't wait to party alongside you!
Thanks Good crowd last night
We were so lucky! “: Great pairing last night with during the Taste of Haas event.”
#SocialMediaTip Always know the correct thing to say
hey! missy how u been?
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump
Exactly. Their stance against corp. subsidies is a fine one, and one that can gain momentum.
no..bring me pancakes!
We can discuss it or not. Saying you don't want to is clear. Restating your position on the way out, not so much. But...
Ah splendid this calls for a sexy party
tired. must get some z's. sleep is very important for your health!
I won't need to
The only person who can cheer me up and piss me off in a matter of seconds, but i'd do ANYTHING to see her smile. I love my momma :)
Editing while dead tired is a terrible idea. However, must be done but eye drops needed!
I don't think there's anymore left..after I seen them this morning. lol
Will let you know next time we have some live music, always a special treat.
(._. ) I've heard that one before lolol RT : i was gonna tell you a gay joke.. butt fuck it.
Aw shucks. Thanks, lady! Right back at you. One on the panelists here is my nemesis... It's become a drinking game.
because I just tweeted then you tweeted. Peace again! hahaha and of course, love all fellow brit fans! :)
Don't reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen ...
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help somebody...
John and I are in Atlanta!! How jealous are you?
We crawling back up there in message count 😉
very sub par beers in my opinion-on RateBeer not one scores over a 25/100.
J Hill I fucks with you!
RT : What if I am the only one powerful enough to stop me to set me free? I am in charge of it all at my next audition....
the premise that wisco state retirees are coming back to work despite 'comfortable retirement' b/c of pension is illogical
Cole Aldrich too!
Directors are meeting #Wynn #LasVegas tomorrow | V soon we hope to announce an exciting partnership! | Stay tuned!
Dad says Angelina Jolie shouldn't have more kids - New York Daily News
TX! U 2! RT #FF Tech/Apps Started by Women
The river may be wide, but it can be crossed~African Proverb
Understand what content is engaging...what stories or posts your fans like
i had a cookout sunday for everyone to be able to see me before i leave u aint come
Going to see the braves play the cubs at wrigley in Chicago Monday while I'm up there for the restaurant show.
no problem :)
“: The awkward moment when you’re trying to get over someone you never even dated.”
Lovely dinner at Gaslight in South End... Perfect steak and cod!
Deciding what I want to name my future children instead of doing my homework.. What is my life right now?
ditto there
Lakers aren't going to continue on this year. Two more games for OKC. I feel a massive change in the team next season...
crazy, isn't it?
yep..just tryin to stay on my grizzly
i may be able to. send us an email w/acct info and issue.
Think of how cutting edge Britten was, surrounded by RV Williams, Elgar, and the like.
"forever and almost always" by
Think about people like Donald Trump Oprah Winfrey Even Jay Z They got Bank You won't catch them taking pics counting money thats for clowns
Gonna get home & eat, drink, bump & DANCE!! ;)
What an exhausting workout I don't know how I worked out for 2 hours with ZERO energy.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you .
Heading to Lexington for a Wildcat double-dip today: UK/LSU baseball at 2 and Blue/White game at 6. GO BIG BLUE!
me too!
Any treatment found yet? need bats to eat the mosquitos!
RT: The main reason I'm glad it's not 1997 is Sugar Ray.
Game is making me sick... CP3 has our #
Gettin my tan on
Best day ever, mostly because I heard from you :) miss you lots and lots!
"Save the Date" is just wonderful.
there's lots to look 4ward 2 with d new DREAM web site.its more interactive and has surprises for new & current clients.Cant Wait to Share!!
Breaking news: POTUS Obama to endorse same sex marriage today. Civil rights making progress!!
u knew what I ment
I'm so tired... I just wanna go to bed
You>Sarah Phillips, ESPN >>B/R. Sorry RT: : Unlike Sarah Phillips I am verifiably real & have never scammed a soul. B/r > ESPN?
she was still looking beautiful in those sweetpants (:
Yup! I'm not celebrating it either, so high five!
a lot like birds and decoder.
you bet!
Ha!RT Can the Red Sox trade for Beltran and keep JD Drew? I want to load up on guys who take called 3rd strikes in huge moments
the industrial one right? :)
I got my own pinball machine!
yeahh u r.. I'm tryna get ace on temple run. Lol
We'll be shooting a documentary about Fried Nothing's first live tour in May! Debating on how to release it. DVD? Online? Theaters? Choices.
your sloppy egg tweet made my day.
You're welcome
Sitting in a hauntd elevator
New marketing idea? Blake Shelton brand disposable clothing! : This is bullshit! Clothes should be disposable like toilet paper
I wonder when I'll get my Sport protein powders and such that I won. Looking forward to it!
Ex-Griz McSurdy tapped by Cowboys
all day every day
I guess your ex-husband did not get the hint with the divorce papers. He must need you to be more obvious.
I'm guessing since I haven't seen a charge I should expect that I didn't get in? Lol
#imagine Austin:when you feel alone just look at the spaces between your fingers & remember thats where mine fit perfectly♥ -anna
I don't really understand what to do with Klout.
why are you guys touring everywhere BUT the US for Daybreaker?
Basically, libraries are amazing. And if you don't think yours is technologically-integrated enough, ask to see what you can do!
Correction, All I want is in a sexy bed with , an Aston Martin & to look like Megan Fox. And Taco Bell
yes ma'am !
Your guys' branding and photography are quite great! Though I'm sure the cupcakes are even better.
problem w java.lang exeptions error at startup; and music app instability. What's the BB Bold 9930 email support address? Ty
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!119
that's whatsss up
ok I will, once I get to a computer c:
it's still there on reddit - you can check it!
Love these Obama campaign commercials in Florida.
Did anyone watch the Lebron online press event yesterday? What do you think about the $160 Lebron/Nike Air Max shoes?
Green Bay is INSANE for football! It's religion! Welcome to "the family"! :)
I thought u knew that!!! Lmao
#ThingsThatINeed an imac and a home office
Day two of #PCCOpCo12. Today BIBCO and CONSER meet separately. So it's all CONSER all day for me. And it's a full agenda.
my lists are getting enormous-- too much to do!
Man knows how to take care of it's employees I want to ride the double decker gbus
awh babe, i love you more; you need rest as well sweet dreams babe <3
BEING DISABLED OFFERS ADVANTAGES IN HOMELAND SECURITY THEY DONT SEE ME COMING!!
Milwaukee, who's excited for opening day tomorrow?!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE
thank u *High 5* u deserve a kiss on the cheek (:
Last day in Cali till next week, hustling to get everything done!
. Where's this Marques houston concert at?
We're still looking for volunteers at IgniteDC tonight.
Im out
Many amazing opportunities coming my way! x
Floyd Mayweather should give a free seminar to all of the UFC fighters on how the pay-per-view revenue should be distributed.
If you wanna Skype, add me! Calebb93
it is paid, but it would start in june
thank you son...
Content curation via email is a HUGE distraction. Use dlvr.it instead.
Lion install: so far, so good. Download was a snap!
have tennis class in half an hour, im excited!! perfect weather for it!!
can't sleep anymore so I'm up super early.. anxiety sucks
You've been waiting all week for this. Is there a #DogSunday?
Just because I haven't talked to you recently doesn't mean that you're not always on my mind 💔
"Mother Russia!"
We are moving right along, school done!!! Now to get this pit, I mean house, cleaned up!
perfect ! I love cinco de mayo !!! I'm in !
so just taking classes now haven't been to any auditions yet but am very excited..and scared LOL
The dream is gone, but then there's hope
tx for the favorite - #harvardsailingteam ROCKS!
The studio is me right now!!! I have too make a hit right now..... At Gutta Beat House
Quality NM on the road meeting with customers - Espanola on Wednesday and Santa Fe on Thursday.
I don't even know what that means.
@ great minds think alike, oh yeah and us too.
Republicans want Dem Senators to cross the border back into WI. Do you want stricter border security or not??? Make up your minds!
This is the time for GB Packer Fans to soak it up! We endured a lot of pain over the years!
U 2 baby!;) xoxo RT Your welcome love. Have a Great day and weekend.
You are waiting on God, and God is waiting on you. Give Him something to bless
No dancing. Just good ole fashion violence and gore.
Doing interviews with the food network for a possible reality show
#BandsILove one direction and mindless behavior
As a matter of fact.. & our good buds Thx for the follows!
HAPPY HOUR! $3 rails, house wine, select drafts!
Counting only weekdays... Only 13 days to Opening Day. Can't wait for the fans see the new videoboard. 6,000 sq ft of AWESOME.
Many people who stay here say that our web site does not do justice in showing the real peace and magic of this place.
#iwillalwayslove love them so much
About to go to work
Do it now. Do it now. Do it now.
There's a unique shame in library employees whose borrowing privileges are suspended b/c of an overdue book.
I still tote steel, gaf how you feel, we some southern O.G.'s TRILL RECOGNIZE TRILL
Great team name. Cheers on the win.
lol, if only the old man had some delivery skills instead of a huge chip on his shoulder he might make a legit candidate
Jesus- very grateful that He never let go.
Chaperoning 5th graders reading to 4yrolds at Bridge Boston Charter School. Great place!
Alexander The Great was a #douchebag. Yet we celebrate him 2,500 years l8r. Being a douche is literally the best way to be remembered. Pass.
It's Sunday.... Which means Sunday funday ! Live music at 5 and beer specials:)
Happy Founders Day !!
#wangotango is where it's at!!!!
I was enchanted to meet you
What would you do today if you knew that you couldn't fail?
To all my friends #BELIEBERS - much love for you girls!
Hope the midnight breakfast was enjoyed by all !
you'll get used to it soon, promise. you can always still run the old search on the homepage in the "I'm interested in" area
Nice! But I must be hungry cause I was totally expecting french fries when I clicked your tweet.
(c.) sometimes I think they just said that to hit me
Is Wordpress is too robust for you? There is a great CMS called Unify. Review coming soon. Included free with our designs!
Nice space. Noel studio.
Well hey there!
When did Jay Leno get a mustache? hahaha
4 and 3 for Ducks. HUGE play!
Call a contractor you can trust Mr.D's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years At Mr.D's"We Love to Paint" 619-562-5848
Is this the season finale for The Mentalist? O.o
RT Is a healthy Marcus McNeill a better talent? >>> Yes. But as healthy as 2 years ago unrealistic. Neck injuries no joke.
nah, you?
ET WAS REAL
This nap gave me an awful headache.
did they find out who took it
how u been. Whats new
Yes! I like both designs! Do that! You're so creative, Kristen!
keep sending her messages and sometimes she will reply to you
You so fresh to death and sick ca-cancer
Yes, thanks for asking! Continue the great work!
"Honestly" is now playing on ! Thank you, Romeo! A job well done, Beautiful Freaks! :)
Woop woop volleyball in gym class! You know what that means! #amyhannahbraid!
Is the speed limit slower up here, or did time just slow down?
i think ill look for a job now...dam
I've found a reason for me, to change who I used to be, a reason to start over new & the reason is you.
Love to eat cake for breakfast. I love a good coffee cake too
Shiot it's chilly in la!
people are saying that is preganat ????? i hope selena is not pregnant!?!? she's only 19 and god hates that
Ashamed to say this, but #ZacEfron looks pretty dec in #TheLuckyOne. Pretty dec.
Dunkin donuts and/or Starbucks on every corner.
If it was easy, everyone would do it! Sounds like 2011 for me! Be safe tonight
i am now!
Congrats to "I'll have another" Derby winner & early candidate for winner of "Understatement of the year"
Hail, thunder, torrential rain. Madison is a city that has it all! It's 9:30am and it's completely pitch black on the east side of Madison.
sorry on behalf of us memphians lol
random guy in kush's apartment
takeover all day 2day
Drunken vomiting is actually a pretty good way to control your weight.
Thank you , Drew and from for coming out.
Right! Political signs are not to be in public right of way
Sounds like something my husband would say! :)
Such beauty. Such talent. I hope one day to meet you and discuss literature.
Those Blackburn fans couldn't over take Liliput with that storming of the pitch. Weak sauce.
Cheers ! Celebrating BB Otero and 25 years of excellent work Centronía provides to the community with
Pitchers ballpark?
think of it like Facebook & foursquare mashed together. You "check in" for things relating to media. E.g. I'm watching ____
How to celebrate Shabbat in a 24/7 world? JLI Oasis in Time begins at Chabad GA on Wed May 11. Register at www.myjli.com
Arizona heat wave and monsoon humidity ugh. Good day to stay in with the air conditioning and my crafting materials.
Chunky A RT : QOTD: What artist from the past, dead or alive, would you like to see come back for one more performance?
Jus because i dnt like you dnt mean im fake
Thanks for the follow! Being a Veterans wife I am proud to be followed by you!
you're welcome! :) but isn't it like way late over there??
i guess it's just a waste of time with him, so im thinking i gotta move on to the next...
It's game time! I got my popcorn & I'm all comfty on my couch waiting for the game!
Here we go again!!! Clarissa's & victor's wed!!!.
At Buca to grab some grub before the festivities.
Was Nice Meeting You Saturday :) Can U Refollow Me? [:
Thank Jim you wasted a great pitching performance from Fister
"Adopt the pace of nature, her secret is patience", Ralph Waldo Emerson. Here at Musicwood we need to take a leaf out of his book.
Peacefully taking in my train ride to downtown, knowing there more out for all of us wondering why we don't choose to do something about it.
love meeting with my brian trust
Another great
RT : It's the last day of #wistatefair! Last chance to get some food #onastick! Come and get your deep fried fix and brew
While its better for #Scorpio to talk things out, others might be put off by the intensity of their thoughts & emotions via
"You are on an adventure, travelling on the highway of life." Yay for fortune cookies :)
We are playing in Venice Beach tonight at the Good Hurt. Get us your name and we will put you on the list. :)
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
Athazagoraphobia- Fear of being forgotton or ignored
had a dream that nancy gave me her own iPad for free as a gift!! subconscious desires. so generous, that , even in dreamland!
I like the subtle idea in a design. Hopefully the design generated a positive response!
#life is a #bitch because if it was a #slut it'd be easy!
ay man i need like 2 of these joints of this tape. nbs
Nothing to tweet about.
what you like ma
Well, I thought Bubba missed his chance, but maybe I was mistaken.
2 philosophers can have differing views, neither one can definitively prove the other wrong but basic logic can still favor one, ie Austrian
Follow my list please ^^
: "then we could be a sponsor :)” -- we could at least get him a Zarbo sticker and some recovery fruit :)
that's super weird lol
I am at Sarah Shaws event and Mike books is hillarious
Another wild Thursday Night in the books! Senor rocked the house- pretty ladies dancin' everywhere! Until next time <3 Dick's
that's one of my favorite hypotheticals from undergrad
HAVE YOU NOTICED THAT I DIDN'T COPY YOUR ENGLISH HOMEWORK THIS WEEKEND?!
. Digitization needs to include participatory element, enhancement of place, etc.
late booking discounts available for selected dates in November and December 2011, please contact us for details
sounds right to me
really?! thanks for the heads up--i'll let you know how it goes! ps hope the baby shower was excellent
morning again so tired it is 7 now but i got to go to a stage to day going to be fun lol hey hey hey
Hydrate. Gotta hydrate when you're Sizzlin'.
I want to see your show
witty posts
25 point run, but who's counting in this shootout? Whoever has least cramps wins...
I like to say "dreamt," not "dreamed," and "learned," not "learnt."
Home of Denver's only all nude dessert show! Penthouse Key Girls covered in chocolate, whipped cream and possibly cherries.
not sure if API's are that big on my radar . . . had to work with it for a previous client, but good info nonetheless. Thankyou
drink popov then pop off?
Happy pride to all! Looks like you've got good weather for a parade.
Will be in Southern California tomorrow! I can't be any more excited, it's going to be 75 degrees all weekend!
this is too true... although I'm sure you support it ;)
hi miss how r u
Ft. Lauderdale is good for my health. Or it isn't. It's hard to tell at this point.
when you get to 100,000 I'm gonna unfollow you cracka
The boys are back! #BrewCrew RT: “: Just landed in the (chilly) MKE...uber pumped to get back to Miller Park! See you in 2 Days!"
. Especially when you have Chuck Todd sitting at Eric Cantor's table.
Sometimes it just feels like we are headed in two different directions...and sometimes i feel like u kinda want to leave me behind
What are you talking about? Nice to see you on the twitter. :)
This urban crust place is 3 stories and there's a bar at the top !!! And they serve pizza
well we think you are pretty cool! :)
glad to hear you like em, we may be offering them for sale soon.
Thank you Zues! I get to go to bed at a decent hour tonight!
I was your 770 follower #Proud thanks for the follow ;)
On a Don Bluth/mouse animated movie kick
So what are you doing tonight? Calculus! #RealNerds XD
“: Highkey the squad's become a brotherhood. U can see the difference from beginning of the year until now! love my bros #Ubuntu”
Now that I've read the Hunger Games my students think I'm cool
But if this goes through don't expect us to re-sign Soliai.
