you haven't slept alone in prolly 4 months get outta here lol
o I wonder what his position is going to do with his business sales? People always boycotting something!
Tell Congress you will not vote for any member of Congress, a President, or a Pres Candidate who supports #HR3166, #NDAA, #SOPA, or
put it next to the tree and sent my grandma a message on fb with a pic of it next to the tree lol surprise!
Deep breaths and Van Morrison. This morning’s attempt at finding peace and calm.
I have a taste for fried pickles right now!!!
Just found out I'm a Runner Up in the 2009 We Are Listening Singer/Songwriter Awards, a British song contest. They especially liked "Plans".
ur hair looks darker did u dye ur hair
Logging Off Twitter But Gonna Stay Up, #Goodnight <3
Some people have a way with words others erm.....thingy.......
#LA is a small world! Ran into at Warner Bros studios!!
What do you need to know about the show?
#NP Beautiful lie c':
maybe that's why I got yelled at.
love you too <333
Yo bruh, I got my license, Ima be whipping ! haha we In there.
Tomorrow morning Bryan Putnam, Kenneth Gartman & Rosena Hill are being interviewed by BroadwayBullet.com for an upcoming podcast.
Chillin wit some Beethoven! 'Pandora'
Watching Gangland and this NY Crip has an American Eagle hoodie on.. Oh yeah you're so gangsta dude!!
Reflections on #learning2...?
Won't make a fool out of you.
exactly except they taxed my ass last year, I tried to turn my clothes in n they said we'll contact u, nope got charged $120
Looking for Hoosiers with online-focused sales and marketing experience for part-time jobs.
Voodoo doughnuts? Are they a real thing?
Making 2 children carry ur luggage tog is a cute but inefficient way 2 travel lady
I want to try ear candling. Anyone have a person they recommend?
Wanna live the THUG LIFE? Try out as an extra for #Batman, code named #MagnusRex this weekend! tinyurl.com/6xmue9d
Things are quite well. Finishing up my busy season and working on investments.
Watching mall rats and cleaning
Happy Thanksgiving :)
Thanks for the RT, Joe. Didya get your backpack back? :)
Just another #manicmondayyyy. I wish it were Sunday-
got it! See you soon! Let us know how it is :)
Wally West well written. #youngjustice nice nod to Count Vertigo continuity from GA short. Queen of Vlatava FTW!
haha! One of those nights!?
we have food..
RT : Such an honor to share a stage with , , Jacqueline West, & Adam Gurwitz-great writers, funny people.
Me too! And my students!
on the way to manila.
lol, nice try. its homemade from scratch. I think I'll be keeping it here!!
hope it's ok to use this one.
Does that mean you are expecting? I want to travel for an extended trip in my RV and take pictures
Why oh why is the 2nd draft so much harder than the 1st?
Strong smart helping and cupid:)
My heart beats just like a cherry soda, in the summer.
Gotta watch them Spurs, their under the radar
Assuming you'll be on the grad stage Sunday, I'd play next Mon/Tues after work. Gotta get to Winona too, boys.
Ah I so can't wait there is only 20 more days of school for me then summer vacation :))
Happy Birthday Jesus! Thank you for everything you did for us and for everything you continue to bless us with! ♥ Merry Christmas
I'm at a meeting and Miss Piggy just served me coffee. Kermit may get jealous.
There is a grown man throwing a hissy fit because his seat number changed. It must be the end of the world.
I just fell off a crew ship. Took a hard, violent fall. Kinda pinballed down. Hit a lot of railings. Broke a lotta shit
Get comfortable stepping out your comfort zone.
Just added one of my personal favorites (that's Chicken & Waffles) to /indyrestaurants Any others to add?
!!!!!!!!!!!!! This means you will get to party with both Kraft sisters. Congratulations!
AMAZING MUSIC=#FlightsToAtlanta=MIND BLOWN #swag Im just sayin you could do better<21
Kiss me hard before you go.
I hate my life but when I watch u just make me like ur video and sub it
According to , I'm not eating enough calories in the day. Maybe that's why I lost 10lbs. I need to eat more.
So Best Boy Budd sez still owes him money from back in the day. Best Boy Budd may be delusional.
SOME DOUCHE STOLE MY PHONE AT CHEER PRACTICE SKHDKLSJAKLD
you goofy Tammy...hahaha!!! some things will never change, huh? Lol!!
Nice wide zone tonight.
Looks like I'll be in this hospital for the rest of the night!! 😔 ugh
You thought you were there to guide me, you were only in my way.
Im stunting I do care.
lonely and confused.. as usual.
#missing is quite interesting...
Thank you for your astute quotes and observations in the NYT piece
some people think it's funny to beat up smaller and weaker kids, some people don't think it's funny. #MittRomney thinks it's funny.
GodsGirl8494 no need to be hatin on the amazing cuz you know she is damn right... Sorry love, funs over.
so sad I'm gonna miss. Tell terreculas what's up
Bur.....7 degrees in Canaan Valley tonight!
A mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimensions. - Anonymous
I beez in her cat !!!
Haven't been there in a while... too dark during the winter. But that spot does have good sammiches.
Of course it could be just about anything she likes or what have you. Does she want to fly with Harry Potter, for example? Done!
hm what to do?
Brain damage,the plugs went too deep....
#Badgers going for the title today. Go get 'em fellas RT : National anthem, complete. Final day of #B1GTF ready to roll.
Thanks for the follow loves. Make sure to follow my boss as gear up for his first single on the radio out in June xx
Rick Perry's most prized possession: A Confederate flag signed by the cast of "The Dukes of Hazzard."
is your best friend ? c:
IM STRAIGHT.!!!
Great practice!! Ready for tomorrow
#YouKnowYouRetchetWhen you have a comb in your Afro.
I would hope so yay i'm glad grant said ok you always say he's not an animal person..looks like Teddy good luck
I'm not your bro... I'm your sis... BOO YA!
yesyes!!! Let's go this week for realzy. Wed or thurs day time? I work at 5 & 4 so anytime before that 😁🍴🏆
*after hitting one ball in after 20 attempts* now I'm on a roll right now
I'm guessing that the dog wants me to get off the computer to take him outside. Because he has squeezed between the laptop & me.
Mad Men and a manhattan!
am i under arrest?
basically, even though it's free, I hate everything about it so much that I will never, ever use it.
I don't know if I can handle it- handle so much pain
#meandyoucantdate because you seem to have a drinking problem.
hell yea I got a cpl tats on da agenda!ha
Brunch underway!
I have too much Easter candy and I'm complaining about it.
Dupuis extends his points streak to a league-high 17 games.
To see the flecks in the exposed cardboard Lady with a Dog is painted on... you don't get that in an art history book. Sigh. Thanks
Forget Black Friday or Super Bowl Sunday, the real party is for Super Tuesday.
We have a large selection of local products with FRESH SUSHI DAILY!!
Still figuring that all out Tina, just finished finals Friday. Graduation is May 12th. Been a crazy ride... so much going on
I don't think a relationship is qualified as long distance unless it takes more than 6 hrs of driving. It's a short road trip.
just got the iphone4
Oh god thats like Chris sans tattoos. I need to be at work by 945 am so let my know early
“My mind is a neighborhood I try not to go into alone.” ― Anne Lamott
have a good night peeps
Catching up on the people's court. Slept so great last night was exhausted from the gym!
#WhitneyHouston and #StacyFrancis had an altercation over #RayJ days ago #MSNBC Reports!!
Petrick showing her use of google maps kml to capture and render bakery data with geo-rectifed map collection.
Off to Dimples with Laura! The rest of you who are cooler should head to Industry!!! Call OPP!
": "Nothing is as fatiguing as the eternal, hanging on of an uncompleted task." William James" - this is so true...
im pretty sure i was talking about you.. But okaay
Yup, that and it makes you...intriguing
This is crazy Trapped In The Closet all the parts is on YouTube. This ain't my first time seeing it, I just didn't see in a long time.
#findUW next badger to find me at clue 3 will get a free copy of their transcript. Hurry hurry!!!!
I need a take a shot OFF OF her!!!!
RT : RT : So how exactly does same-sex marriage diminish "traditional" marriage?
You look great!! Ignore the haters - you JUST had a baby. Welcome to the new mommy club!
thanks bro the players got there money now lets get ours
Somebody's got to knock this turd Jason off Jeopardy today
My phone is back on
I think we might need to have an intervention. Your jealousy is really unbecoming.
When I hurt myself is always there. Brought me ice when I twisted my ankles. Took ice out of a drink for my cig burn 
RT in 20 minutes I'm on it • better!
making some oatmeal. yum
Profits fall at LAN Airlines
season premmy this sunday we should live tweet it!!!
Yes, we're all tired of talking about But from the level of vitriol I've been seeing certain things still need to be said.
thank you :)
Thanks, John, for the mention! It's a great way to end the day.
RIP Bill "Moose" Skowron
good call!
Dam my back hurts:(
Everybody wanna be a nigga but not to many people want the problems that come with the label...
Spoke to a lot of people today & their #1 concern really surprised me: lack of bike parking & b/c they can't lock securely. So they drive.
- I'd have to say that Chang from your Customer Finance Dept. was one of the nicest people I've ever dealt with on the phone.
hey loser when u get this call me I miss ur face lol
NOVACK finally!!! Way to smarten up #NYKNICKS Start bombin Treys!!!
get it girl!
Trivia night at Edison's yo!
Training new mentors today . Going to be a good day...
#MUSIC session give autistic children opportunity to express themselves
Yes, please!
It's a kind of morning. You should blot coffee carpet stains & apparently REI now makes my aviator winter hat in plum...
Watching Camelot on BBC 2, drinking a nice cup of tea and writing a blog about Tyler Perry
Boehner SO excited bout visit by Crown Prince of Bahrain..keeps asking if the Prince is bringing a crown and if so, can he try it on...
Thanks for the follow, Mackenzie.
Chillin here at the house, thinkin bout what to eat. Any ideas???
had a nice time with at the mall (:
#MAJORPRODUCTIONS GREAT QUALITY PRODUCTION @ INSANE LOW PRICES NEED SAMPLES DM ME YA EMAIL
Bart Wacek (Elsevier) on the Article of the Future
why is that ?
RT Man made orphanages for orphans, God made families for orphans. Johnny Carr
: How to grow in the #restaurant biz: teach well, communicate your vision, inspire your staff.
RT Art is the signature of civilizations. ~ Beverly Sills
someone text me...
i no but u in front n going backstage. Rite now i would die to get that. My mom been tryin to get vip since yesterday 10am
The game starts in an hour, get here now for a $2 hot dog'
teach me how to use this thing. slash COME OVER AND WATCH NJ HOUSEWIVES WITH ME. it'll be great. i'll bake you cookies. (lies)
Corn hole tournament by the pool. Pierce and Ryan are going down. #inittowinit ☆
No work or No bbyreggie 2mar So I'm gon have the whole day to Myself
Peculiar, soul-sucking, mind-numbing, ambition-killing EVIL!
thanks Kevin. “: - good luck with finals this week; love the beach ball picture you sent”
from Portland, OR/ from the link you tweeted.
"Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes of playing a poor hand well." - Robert Louis Stevenson.
Better late than never...Workout time! Bout to get it in...kisses!
LAST DAY TO REGISTER FOR THE MOST MOUSTACHIEST CHARITY EVENT EVER!!! movemberbaltimore.com !!!
Thanks for your support, Jonathan!
Glad to see Lugar out after 36 years!
I dont need a date 2 have a gud Time ...i am the party ...so guess it's party time..
#RyanTannehill a bust browns betta not draft him
Thank You! I must say this is one of the most beautiful and comprehensive museums I have ever been too! Rivals the Miro Museum
are you keeping tabs on the Seattle PI? Expected to announce the publication of their final issue sometime this week....
": I know u can't see but this truck has LSU tags on the front! On it's way to Auburn to furnish another trailer.
What a fabulous weekend so far filled with amazing #friends & #family.....#life is good!! :) So
Yea man!
Our groundbreaking for the #detroit store is in 2 weeks! Come on may 14 to the corner of John R and Mack at 945a
New Twitter Picture
Looking for some inspiration and motivation? You’ll find it in the Inspired Women Succeed book and guess what? I’m a contributing author...
Tweeting aloud. My son, in an argument with me: "I apologize, Mom." (pause) "Hashtag sarcasm." (In case I couldn't read the rolling eyes?)
Trust me, when you look and feel good about yourself, you don't worry about anyone else
just killed my good mood . 😒
Tim Phillips is a total genius!!!!
Glerrrrg. Merumph. Blerught. Arrrouuuuuuuuuuuuu!!! Sleepy rabbits are sleepy. Also cranky. And caffeine deprived. *yawns WIDELY*
lovely hair llc
I hate apartments!!!
i know i began to cry
Str8LykeDes... It's always some with des truck...
King Rex is on Twitter now!!! Give him his S/O
Join my Roadtosturgis facebook page or be friends with me on facebook. Alystar McKenneh!!
I would love to ask you a questions about a product we are developing
I don't know if I'm good enough to give tips! But id love to check them out=] and youre the awesome one good sir
I want me a mexican
CAN'T WAIT FOR TONIGHT!!!!
hearing suicide...
I will now use the power of social media and the internet to expose these LIARS, CHEATS, AND THIEVES. Let's all MAKE them honest!!!
Finals are coming to end, hope everyone has a great summer! Can't wait to get back to work in the fall...
Did you get an early preview?
we officially launched 1 wk ago and our user base has grown 10% day over day.As of now some places are more active than others
Haha not true! RT: She called me a Dog & I had to tell her that All Dogs Go To Heaven
If ur personalized license plate says Femme Fatale, I kind of feel like u shouldn't be driving a 4-door, silver Hyundai Sonata.
Oh when the sun comes up, when the sun comes up.
X-rays..... Damn left knee
two more classes, then going to see my sisters
I read up to mentally ill. that I am. as are you.
In terms of casting, Harry Potter did it better.
Seeking-motivated Legal Assistant with Personal Injury exp for our client that values a strong GPA. Great place to work! Call 881-3449
Jeremy Renner Get's Me <333
Up gettin ready to go to Church. JAH BLESSINGS!
I heard was formed when Zeus had relations with a giant dragon and the sound that it made is the basis for their sound.
Really quiet...Any news about coaching??..or Semin??..lol..
is a great way to get recommendations for apps from people you know and trust. Plus, the founders are cool dudes.
We have a switch trans/cis guy scene. Check for trans topping cis though.
sparklyrebel98 can you please say hi to her she is driving me nuts
Any food trucks out there want to try Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard? Let me know, we'll get ya some free samples!
great only a few tweets from me? gotta get some!
You are the worst wack packer EVER. I'm glad you're not getting paid & Erik is going to be ten times the block party host.
Director Gap LoBiondo, SJ attended #bigmiracle screening for the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors last night in DC with
Thx for the live tweeting :) Re: the inclusivity bit, my main pt was, in order to have inclusive covrg, you need diverse staff
My mom is out getting medicine and dinner ( we are having chinese food) YAY!!!
Last day to score LEVELS OF DECEPTION for $1.50 at #Smashwords --formats for all ereaders!
But now you need to ask for budget or permission or both to cover your social media implementation plans
Lost the guys to Diablo I.
#Tupac and #jayz is all I need for a 2 mile jog
Interested in discussing PR options. We're at the event too. Come find us at some point ?
S/o to that girl with that #unique name lol
dear bed, i'll be back after school. then we can pick up where we left off, catching Z's with butterfly nets -Kodi
I have my dignity, my instincts on point and a handful of change. NFL...I bid u adieu! G'night Everybody!!!
you piss me off.
my mom just hurt my feelings :(
Who's down for the hot tub???
BTW love the new photo of you with you hair styled differently. I thought you looked lovley.
Was my iPad made by 12 yo in china? great story recapping Foxconn issue
Men love a woman who is a little bit #crazy lol
Writing next skit. Stay tuned for audition date, time and location.
No need to worry about going out during finals because I won't be hungover, ill be drinking
Can it be true? Hearing NY #Jets 4th RD for Tebow...I like the move. Welcome TIMMY!!!
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or !!!!! ;}
that was a tricky one lol
be quiet you whale penis haha (:
I will graduate from ETSU debt free. Most of my classmates are not so lucky. They need help with educational debt!
The only thing hotter than politics in DC is Jazz. Poncho Sanchez put on one helluva show at the Warne tonight
Why I want the Beavers in Portland: so I can take MAX to the game w/o planning and watch free after the 7th if I happen to be downtown. You?
Haha I figured...but I'll get you one if you get me one!!
my real twitter page!!!!!!! twitter.com/youngeighty
happy birthday!! can't wait to have lunch with you later :)
whats the occasion
You lift my feet off the ground. You spin me around. You make me crazier, crazier <3
#anchorsplash was such a blast yesterday! Great job for putting on such a successful event. Feeling proud to be a !
miss it
Forgot about Gooch since he got injured so early. Danny Szetela hardly counts, he couldn't make it in MLS by the time he was 23.
This is a big step for America. Baby steps towards actual equality, but steps in the right direction. Cheers!
it doesn't even mention a birdy...I was mad.
I will be at Cabinet Style Studio today from 9 - 12 discussing how to start and budget a new project. Stop by 5945 N. Milwaukee, Chicago.
I was going to go walk up to Heritage w/ my dog, but I'm so damn lazy. I hate walking. Lol.
Yea it's pouring here too
got an audition on monday for a pool commercial...hopefully i can bring my A game and there lookin for a guy completely covered in tattoos
*cough* WHORE! *cough*
AUSTIN, YOUR SONG IS AMAZING!
I wanna go to Kings Island just to go to the new water park
Good Day & Good Night!!!!
i freakin hate the devils
Im getting hooked on this twitter stuff lol
Yes, you can call ArrayFire C++ DLLs in MS Excel!
RT: Music is like my drug.
Ominous Thomas - a fer-sure winner at Del Mar!
Crisis management is not about being right. It's about damage control.
Me. I prank call a random Nimble Jack every week.
Thesis has been handed in. Life is complete.
We were in Miami Beach for a long weekend. Because a trip to Chicago in Jan. fell through, oddly enough!
There's this thing called sleep, or so we hear ;)
RT Wearing a #Macworld badge helps - muggers prefer sign that says "I Have Thin Bones and Carry $4k in Fenceable Stuff."
Great to be a struggling NFL player in age of twitter. When you're cut from team, the word really does go out.
"Wow... I have a boyfriend."
Question from audience "ga ga click ga"
S/O to for always being here when I needed her! She also needs to text me cause I haven't talked to her since forever!
Oh, your band covered an Adele song and ruined it? Tell me something I haven't heard before.
when did go to Kosovo?
Nice. You better watch out, that might become his new favorite piece of clothing.
Pls fund the Library Services & Technology Act at $184.7M & Innovative Approaches to Literacy Act at $28.6M
only u you change format, Bob. Right, ?
Get on your knee and pray
agreed but as was pointed out that's a game run for and by elites there is no benefit for middle class
lol I'm joking!!
If you have any accidents with your car, trust Car Crafters to fix it right and quickly, so you can brave more interesting weather.
ahh um depends on time. Lunch plans and haircut at 5.
Good suggestion. That and academia.edu.
When a woman says "what?" its not because she didnt hear you. Shes giving you a chance to change what you said.
I got my days mixed up
'Tis Friday...JOY!
Tyler better answer his phone and give me my shoes..
#ecornell - is all of this pre-employment assessment a good ROI?
I didn't win elections for HOSA secretary but that's not going to stop me from being involved in everything! Shoutout to ...
Thanks for your insights!
Surplus of door-to-door evangelists on Capitol Hill. Let me know if your neighborhood needs some. I think we could spare an Adventist.
birthday gifts for myself haha clothes and a new hookah
DUSS getting ask pounded!!!!
No, its all machine! RT oh wow britney spears
Thanks for the mention.
Less than 48 hours after it was created it reached the 25K mark.
Made my own coffee for the first time ever.
I really hate when people ask me about my ethnicity like shut the fuck up if you want to argue with me.
I love her puppy!!!! so cute
- Monster Truck show at Lazy E Arena, January 7th & 8th! Come out and see a great show! For more information visit lazye.com
yea yea
I think you're sweet all the time 
in first and last place. All to himself in both
I JUST USED THE EXACT SAME LINE TO JUSTIFY THE PRICE TO MYSELF! HAHA You're awesome!
Stuck on the subway... Awesome!
are you talking about the guy this weekend? Bridges? I was talking about a protester arrested today--the jerkstore shoved me.
It's so hard to find a restaurant in DC with awesome food and atmosphere, that isn't snooty and overpriced. Need recommendations.
if UCONN wins today u think that could jump them up to 7 seed
Oh gosh I think I'm gonna be crying my eyes out at the class of 2012's graduation.
Attending Social media workshop at #hsjSEA in Seattle presented by Send us favorite ways you #engage your #audience!
Gonna beast the hell out of KOC2 today. 90s puro all day son.
Dear twitter u ned to not have a limit on how much we type scincerly users of twitter :-P
Chillin' downtown at the TEN...DD for the night! :D
#ITHURTS when your not wanted
It's always great to wake up and bike across Minneapolis to get your car out of the impound lot. Fuck.
I go to sleep and appreciate the life that I have... I go wake up and appreciate the life that I have... Because Im doing what I want to do
On a plane heading home to be with my wife and kids
his absence is helping k!
Thanks for helping out with the survey Cynthia - much appreciated!
I never trust anyone who says they are a successful acting coach when they are working as background.
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww your doing music now how ugly thank god i came to my senses
haha, didnt wait on purpose, lol. i dont stipend good luvin. I'll kiss yours when I get back home! This weekend will rock
I only understand about 5 words in this tweet.
Just imagine if Gus Johnson was broadcasting this Chelsea-Man United game.
cry about it.
So there were a bunch of Ferrari's on campus today! I missed the 458 but still got to see a 360 and a testarossa.
I got my grades and now it's time to CELEBRATE!!!!
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water. (I raise my glass to this one).
Much discussion at #CV City Council mtg about whether to change the name of the city's Safety Commission to Traffic Safety Commission..
Shake it up!!
Tonight, at Jake's Nightclub, the Burly-Q band will have it's debut concert of the 2012 as part of the B3's Burning LOVE Burlesque Show!
OK, so, did you get through the alphabet? If you answer this now, at 3:30am your time, you're in trouble...
I need to give a rundown over this whole twitter thing because he's old and doesn't know how it works.
I am having fun playing with the video camera on my Ipod nano. Wow what will Apple think of next?
k im in FB
I hope you get this beautiful weather we are having right now. You could not ask for anything better :)
What is film after all but life with the dull bits cut out?
START YOUR WEEKEND EARLY | HAPPY HOUR AT 3PM |
Getting my twang on at Charlie & the Contraband aka were great!! Really fun set.
thank the baby jesus for lentil soup, electric blankets, and warm laundry.
Seems like a pretty good battle to see who will become the mayor of melrose place between &
For I can do everything through Christ, who gives me strength Phil 4:13
New topic - Noise Ninja and the E-5
Pressuring China on trade can have the beneficial effect of pushing them to ally with Europe, and plunk down some badly needed dollars there
awww did you have a daughter, Erin??
#twitter is a powerful tool if used well. it's use in segment of k-12 demographic is high.
I've been breaking mg head over reality
Your veto was the right thing to do. Tell me how many low-income citizens were to use that park? Better uses for the money.
well i thought it was funny..
4 RT : Here's the instant recap from tonight's loss to the Nuggets in Denver. What was the reason they lost?
2008 was "Economic Sputnik," we need equivalent response from Presiden/natoinal leaders, explaining the new economic realities we face
Its about to go down....
good then I won't feel so bad about having three ;D
If you know what I mean
Calling it a night due to I work tomorrow. Only thing I hate I wont be spending with my mom but happy she will be with family
Get New England Clam Chowder. See State House, Kenmore Square (Fenway Park), Beacon Hill, many others. I can't remember all now.
who wants a icon?? FIRST 5 to RT this get a bella or Zendaya icon (MUST BE ALREADY FOLLOWING ME)
You Doing anything for Art Basel?
That is so sad looking! Must have gotten too much sun.
Yelling, screaming children... And summer hasn't even started yet!
Divine?! <blush>
There are way too many loud obnoxious Italians in my house right now ... Do they see what time it is? Thank God for grandma's cooking
From experimental projects session... "risk taker's need space makers"-
At Pearl Dive with
is now a member of 's directory
I'm pretty sure i've got bird blue + wooping cough + TB + DARPA science experiment living in my chest
Nice Alex!
Watch the Full Moon rise at 6:55 pm Friday February 18 as you fly over the South Florida coast!
up 1 with less than min left vs texas d1
nick jonas>>
Voices for #Adoption named me a 2011 “Legislator of the Year” for my work on behalf of our most vulnerable #children. Thank you!...
Semisweet chocolates contain about 40-60% of cocoa solids
I can't wait to go active duty, move out of this state, and make all new friends..
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie. Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
Circulator driver just snubbed Conway stop full of Red Sox fans.
I feel like one of these years we should track all of them and hand anti awards out
Walking Dead season finale tonight :)
Linda, Thanks for the follow. Enjoy your posts.
Just finished my first yoga class.. VERY relaxing and challenging, feeling good.
I know what you mean! It feels graduation or something!! I hope we keep up around here. I mean...KIT!
thanks for the follow!
Lol RT : Someone told me I need to start working out. I told them I already do 1 sit up a day...to get out of bed.
A person can prolong life up to 14yrs by: not smoking, eating fruits & veggies, moderate alcohol intake, and engaging in regular exercise.
Happy Tuesday.. and Happy MAY!
It's actually a man's. :)
call me
Happy Monday everyone! A lot of post Super Bowl smack talk in the office today :)
Minor flaw in Siri on the iPhone 4S: after it sends an SMS for you there's no user feedback to let you know that it was sent.
Hearing anecdotes of massive hyperlocal sales pressure for new Seattle businesses right now. Group buying, directories, 'news' sites, etc.
K-Prep is over... For ever and ever... Not really! But i still happy!
TeChNo BeAtS CRANKED!!! Time to get to work!!!
almost done almost done almost done....
My God. That Miami arena is so empty, it makes Indiana and Philadelphia's crowds seem crowded.
CM PUNK N3RD is the W0rd!!!
The bright light was the # of social justice pioneers who were determined that once the smoke cleared, South LA would be a different place
What's crazy is that you can blame two Pittsburgh sports stars for the concussion worries in both the NFL and NHL. Crosby and Harrison.
Yes, he is one. I have seen him say and do lots of asshole stuff
Had a great #neara11 and now I'm enjoying a walk around chicago before leaving this afternoon!
Rooting for and , long may and success continue
Geez do I need to buy a Kite? It's so flippin Windy outside.
lol ok bur you better tip me good and I'm in Spain now :) were off to France tomorrow!
heck yea, had too bro.. how dallas?
Thanks for the many downloads and positive feedback!
I gotta go to sleep :/ We will try more tomorrow! Bye <3 I'll ttyt
A new study shows hearts of heavy cocaine users found 83 percent had structural damage in the heart, though they had no symptoms
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
we look forward to seeing you there!!
TA work, some WordPress testing, and a little John Stuart Mill in the morning.
Karate (belts=badges), Military (medals=badges), Boy scouts (badges=badges), Travel Industry (miles/points/levels)
could be the next real world star!
“: #NHLDucks sign C Saku Koivu to one-year contract.”One Finn confirmed, one more to go!
RT : wow she needs to put some clothes on.
Chilling with wylie
Azorean by any chance?
2012 NBA playoffs -- Dallas Mavericks exclude Lamar Odom from share of playoff money, source says Dallas Mavericks players have de
This is going to be a good week. I can tell.
Sharpen that pencil!
ya that be great.
I can't believe I am more excited about the Kristen Stewart version of Snow White than I am about the Tarsem release.
We are hours away from a huge announcement......
I dont know, if I'm pissed or sad. If I see a small pup that's cute, my moon changes.
Day 1 no coffee. Here's to a healthy and happy 2011!
Can you believe that it took Harry Potter 7 long books to catch the bad guy,it only takes Scooby Doo & Shaggy 25 minutes, Harry,get a dog!
Sorry, pun was not intended in the last tweet.
iMac / Mobile Me calendar applications suck.
Picking Santorum is like marrying your estranged idiot high school boyfriend. He is the only one still left.
US secure gold
You can do anything, but not duck. —David Allen
thanks for the the follow
Blah Blah Blah- something clever.
Or how about he stays with the Brewers?
Pray for your dates. Spend as much time in prayer as you do in front of the mirror.
What's happenin?
people that do pop ups usually are people that want to open a restaurant, but don't have investors.
Sorry I'm walking around the library with no shoes on eating cupcakes. but it's finals... Oh, and also I don't care what you think.
shower time
a surprise! Come check it out!!
Ugh my stomach hurts 👎
JUST the thought of such a horrific occurence (4. More yrs of obummer)-makes me want to shop AND buy a gun!!
could u follow back
What happened to Dane Cook's back? Do you think he smokes or swallows?
how did he do it?
Out of town for #cue12, but received the best voicemail from my mom saying that she picked up my new iPad!
Thx for favoriting my tweet. Are you going to join the Verveolution?!
are you with emily ?
Sarah, you're hereby required to get one too and be his fitbit buddy. :-)
oh righhtttttt. sounds stupid. ad what's with the numbers? what if you had a really long story they wouldnt let ya tell it
great to connect with you, I look forward to learning about Korean medical history. I have heard of 醫學入門 but have not read it
Congrats on the promotion it is well deserved!
Seeing talking to a blonde across the store, thinking it's me. >>>
grandpa topic should be next
How could this not improve a rainy Monday? RT REECE'S PEANUT BUTTER cake shake... This week only!
Sky News boss reprimanded over hacking
Yes, & I now go there! RT Yup, smoking ban has nearly destroyed bars/restaurants. Try Knight's before 8:30 (w/o wait)
story of my life
#TennisTweetsFromBritainThatSayItAll RT Flip's sake, Andy Murray!
if twitter was around when i was 17 (1988), i woulda tweeted...DANG haters!!, u hate urself more than u hate me...WORD! :P
Red goes perfect with so many of our fish dishes :)
I'm still sore??
Expectations are so high! Other biggie is the 3-hour seminar this Thursday.
C'mon...that's right...CHEERIO! #nowplaying "Brokenhearted"
Isn't having Kim Jong-Il scared a good thing. This is pot calling kettle black.
Just spoke to a superjerk from the state govt.Why am I not surprised.
c'mon guys TREND Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life :) #selenatorfamily <33
Israel is the poster child of Western economic success. - Ferguson
YUS! haha you gotta make that happen though :D
Technology is useless unless it changes behavior.
idk but imma curse they asses out thats not right and they dont even know MB
that the hell is cheese curd?!
I cannot wait for my vacation. 10 days away from here? Yes, please.
Cannot wait to see the save-the-dates! Hopefully this weekend! (though I already know they'll be perfect!!) So exciting!
tweets right now >
I'm married to a serial non-reader-who-asks-questions-first. I don't believe they even skim ;)
Heyheyhey MarinaDelRey! It's ur last week with me for lunchtime MetCon3! We're rockin the step and dumbbells today, it'll be POW!
not sure; I'm on the way to PA!
Kim Jong-Un wasn't assassinated, he was just playing Homefront on full volume in his bedroom.
So happy my fab buds from Arkansas r here!
What do people listen to if it's not country or tech n9ne
Can you believe it's August? Happy Monday everyone! Make it a great week.
All heart, grid and grind.
They are pretty bad ass! Good to know someone in the family has some artistic talent , god knows I don't!
Was does that say about the Seattle fan base?
and always learning!
My niggah I'm faded faded faded!!
Awesome! ~?shelley?~
Stealing this. RT : I'm not fat, I'm Value Size!
Oh, is it October 6 yet. I really need some <3 Sugarland <3
GO FOLLOW MY NEIGHBOR >> << HE NEED 1 MORE FOLLOWERS FOR 200 : )
played a very fun show on Vashon Island last night. We love that place
favorite venue in Maryland?
over a forcefully shut office door (Librarian#1) and a "get a life" in response (Asst. Dir.)
Are u green without the envy? Ladies, if your beautiful blonde starts to get that green tint, just wash your lime locks with V8 juice!!
#NP LMAFAO: Sexy & I Know It.
Just tripped like an idiot and this dude saw me. Lmbos
because linux people don't pay for books? Or because Linux people already know that stuff?
Abraham Lincoln said:"[It is the]duty of government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens." greatamericanhistory.net
I need a snack and a nap.
Some people give you that feeling of being weightless, because they seem to take the weight of the world off your shoulders.
i wathced the adventures of tin tin last night i didnt pay attetion to the movie bc wayne, jake, hunter, hannah, and bri wouldnt shut up lol
Teaching Naomi to drive stick shift.
's "no tweeting after 11" rule just got a mention at #YPweek's social media lunch and learn. Love it.
What's up with Ron Paul anyways? Remarkable that even rigging polls and mocking #RonPaul - He is KICKING ASS
Real recognize real and my nigga yu a stranger
Very cool!!! Stop by
So I've decided to go visit #Hawaii and for my birthday this year!!
Come join now don't wait and we want everyone to follow us thanks
Give the Gift of Incredible-start planning your holiday getaway! Give the ones you love a Royal Caribbean cruise vacation! Call 800-803-7245
PLEASE move to Destin, Florida.
and acted chill as a penguin.
Can you tell me which way to the yellow brick road?
autumn grey
Dean Lockwood's other advice for new residents is first impressions count and think team, team, team.
Who dat and Happy Boxing day y'all!!!!
Just landed in Phoenix. Headed next to Boise and then the family reunion will begin. Booyah!
NOI boot camp: A fitness group like I see all over the park in my ATX hood or a Nation of Islam gathering? #justwonderin lol
Time for work
Hats off to all the people trying to care for our snow torn city!
thanks so much for tweeting about our free Lower Manhattan iphone app! we're checking your site museums2go.com & it's great!
omg yes
Emotional intelligence is so much more important than IQ
Psalm 27:1 The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid
Some follow the compass and some follow the cross
Since you're so angry and not thinking clearly, I'll let you in on a little secret. Rickie is getting on base by walking a ton.
I am the Crack Fox
totally agreed!! Her newer album is so good!!:))
Capitol One Heights
Just returned from son's #backtoschoolnight. Saw this quote in a classroom - "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing!" ~ Helen Keller
Tonight, my try to stay alive!
I love nutella.
you shouldn't know anyone old enough to not be self lubing
#3WordsForYou I love you. (:
good morning Ariana! Love you :*
Legoland Carlsbad, not the ideal rainy day activity.
Baked chicken and spinach salad wit grapefruit water...#i'minthepocket
No, did not see that! Good for you! ;) Had a blast with you too and only sorry we don't live closer. Miss you!!!
Subs in the whip check. 22's Monday
yes. It has been happening for quite a while. Twitter seems unable to fix it.
America got a thing for this gangster shit.
These SAT emails are starting to make me freak out.
So Broke My Room Door. "/
Walking distance to Sharp & Childrens hospitals, National Guard, Kearny Park & rec center, Kearny High, Mesa College shops and restaurants.
“ Stop calling my phone. I'm not dead. Been in the lab working on my 19th album #NoTrespassing in stores Feb 2012”
Phone glass replaced!! Looking brand new. Life is good. Happy birthday to me.
BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukie police on scene of a grenade found in residential area. Bomb squad on the way to clear the device.
Gimme a pencil and a piece of paper
there were so many asian people in that city!! haha
Going to the gym tonight and sweating for days!
Now Speaking to #NLCATLANTA...sharing about Risk Taking
RT : Dr. Rimlawi from says minimally invasive spine surgery means less pain, less time, less scarring.
Gosh. Payphone is just on repeat. Such an emotional song. <3
Thanks for the follow
I know :( I knew I forgot something
Update: volunteer funding for the library department voted on. Whew! Layoffs & furlough 2B discussed all 2gether at end.
The Football commissioner is gonna be in trouble with the Voo Doo in New Orleans
buzzwords suck, but I think "Fake agreement" is even more awful!
On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!
congrats! Now go treat some patients
Im crying right now as I tweet this. R.I.P Fate, we love you
Freedom to share your faith, freedom to celebrate your passion (go Mavs), freedom to choose. God bless America.
just call me from a phone! I don't wanna write it out!
my dad took it haha got it back already
I'm just excited to be a part of it all & do ministry w/ such an incredible dude. Honored to serve w/ you!
Pastors, leaders: Time to redefine or relocate. Watch for your free report.
ha ha that was a long time ago Gabe..
Metro 1 is currently seeking innovative web companies to participate in an RFP process for several exciting web projects. Interested partie…
Apparently, Twitter seems to think that I am not worthy of following more than 2000 people. Sorry Followers.
Tavistock Institute of Human Relations
Thanks to for mentioning #NNRC and the nationwide #courtreporting & #legal services we provide
Havent Been On Since Last Friday x) LOL
dats wuts up-i missed be hm in da chi my nig-79th n cottage still wild?
Thanks for sharing the editorial from the Library of Virginia’s 2009 African American Trailblazers in Virginia History.
Thank you so much for posting my study invitation on your blog! I'm so grateful!
Happy Easter Believers! "...Blessed is he who has not seen but believes."
I love it when I check my e-mail and someone is following me! I always feel like somebody's watchin me! whoa whoa..
When jake blessie freaks out on me for no reason.
we have a game tomorrow??
Today sucked.
yeah me too! :) hes also very good!
We would love to! Email me at to get you started...
RT : Saying "no" to one opportunity gives you the ability to say "yes" to something you will benefit from even more. // Amen!
Oddly enough, I had a trio of interesting encounters with Avedon, the last one shortly before his untimely death. Life is strange.
"you're suppose to say that" lol love you!
Wait...What?!
I miss you!!! I hope to see you soon
Captain - she's the Enterprise.
Sleep well!
I remember you, I didn't think you were stalking me! :) Hope you are doing well!
nice calves. Happy Easter! :)
How was it?
- Need agnostic mobile accessibility guidelines
Hey! Thanks for the welcome :) Have a great week!
I have to be honest when I say I'm getting a little sick of those Sounders winning.
I know people who got out on the same amount of bond with drug charges he murdered a young teen how is that the same
well, we are notable. And in Eagle Rock.
You know resort at Riviera Maya is good when selecting the departure day while booking makes you sad.
Break time :)
When you pour salts on your cuts TRUST me it hurts!
I woke up feeling like shit.
Enjoying bbq at my brothers house we are geting it in..my brother can cook hes azz off
When I get waken up from my nap! >.<
Imagine if they gave me a mens bag? Then we know something is up!
I've been busy & MIA too! Been meaning to check out Estadio since your July article & finally did--long wait but delish!
If you're from Vixen's stream and I'm not following back, please let me know!
miss you too!!! I'll be back tomorrow.
woah there don't flatter yourself lol jkkkkkkkkkkk yeaah its pretty nice
Congrats on the donation you received!
Animation of Logo appears a Success. If any one see's a animation hiccup or can't see a still logo on their smart device. Let me know,thnx
Mary Kay develops, tests, manufactures and packages the majority of its own products at its state-of-the-art facilities in Dallas and China.
I wonder how many people shit their pants today.
What's it like to be off on a Sunday?
They're in trouble RT Pickett and Howard Green still going inside to do conditioning with strength coach Mark Lovat.
Cant Say It Enough! #Thankful for the life I was given, the family I belong to and the God I serve! Enjoy Your #Thanksgiving Tweeps!
Working on an editorial calendar today. What are you up to?
Photoshoot yesterday! Who's ready for some new pictures?!
Yeah I always end up catching up online but I am going to try to watch tonight!
Making me jealous.. There's not hot people in Florida :c
Eastern horizon aflame with glorious light, risen power brings new life to the day and the spring.
Gonna invest in a huge pillow sized Teddy bear with extra Snuggles. Maybe I'll get it before my birthday. #4/30plans
But I guess it set the bar so low I figured it could only get better after hahaha
just followed (:
Im buying your ticket! So EXCITED!!!!!!!!! Waiting for it to be available!! COME ON!! Paws Paws Up UP!!
delay....it was great:)
hi wes
- how was the grand event last night?
In my opinion, the Fernet was a Journey. And it tasted like hate. I'm just saying.
Ayers: "We should avoid chasing shiny digital objects and have larger projects worth doing for reasons besides the new medium."
Jon jones UFC commercial is structured like an I am morman ad
Connect with King Tut's official Twitter page for deals and info about the exhibition now open at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis!
if you want greysonchange follow you go follow and she will send a DM to he :D go just 20 DM
get ya freakum dress on
What to do about mobile access to lib vendor content? Lots req setup indiv accounts
ol happy to go to bed lookin ass nigga
sure why not
Join us tomorrow for client appreciation night! 6-8pm drawings! prizes! Stella&dot Trunk Show! See you there!
being a photographer, I am gonna go hunt for that moon! Happy Cinco day Mayo!!!
I hate people that always talk shit and they try to be ur friend!!! W.T.F
Don't dwell on who you let down....Cherish those you hold up!
follow me i followed u
Had a great time at the Calabasas Fine Art fair today, learned alot about showing & made some new friends too!
Just realized that supports only two languages - English and Mandarin Chinese. Cool, I can practice 中文 while managing my money.
Yay! Congrats to The Civil Wars on their Grammy Awards nomination for “Best Folk Album” and “Best Country Duo/Group Performance!”
At #weightofthenation premier in Austin. Great film re obesity problem in USA. How long before there are serious tax implications.
ok ally🐱
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.” Henry Ford
Here she Go Again 9 Tweets Per Minute
I love my Mother, what would I do without her:-)
Gonna go to my aunt and uncles house tomorrow! GETTING READY FOR A NEW BABY COUSIN! <3 Happy Labor Day Weekend all <3 =D
depends on the size of startups, I find it to be a rich and broad process with a deep integration w/ the team.
I LOVE seafood!! One of my top foods! Enjoy Drew! Have a great nite and stay safe!
"The harder you work at a relationship, the harder it is to surrender!"
You want a shot at the title? Meet Me and Mack daddy on the course today at 1:30
I wanna go home already....
Forcibly cutting someone's hair isn't bullying, it's assault. And an 18 year old isn't a kid, it's a voting, driving, draftable adult.
Going Crazy
First Four McGlynn sighting in the NCAA Tournament. To the general public: yes his name is Four and he can score from anywhere
Let's see with and me :) Check out our pix :)
The suites are amazing, but even a regular room is large compared to other hotel rooms.
I met a little girl yesterday who needs prayer - can't be more specific, but would you all please pray for Bekah? Thank you!
Operation make out w/ a cutie is now in effect.
Good idea RT #TosaTweetUp2 Parking: enter 7720 Harwood Ave into your GPS it will take you to lots across the Bridge from Cafe H
Everyone complains about this generation of people, but no one wants to fix it.
I'd rather be a teenager in love
at #SunlifeStadium. Same as the last 2 years....
calling me ugly, doesn't make you prettier, sorry :)
Excellent hospital scene talking to Denise. You are one great actress!
Meeting a client regarding a new venture website and potential mobile app development. Not a bad way to start the day
Striving for relevance and community impact are ways to create better programming rather than more.
When you anger someone because you said NO to them, they react by inventing rumors about you to TRY and bring you down. Keep trying ;) haha
New creative tweeps
Thanks! RT : #Follow Home-grown Southern Kitchen & Bathroom Design/Consultation
I thought Obama has been fairly horrible on immigration? Are we trying to do right now?
Students - the National Asian Am Theater Fest is coming to town! For more info, visit: www.caata.net
I despise packing, but I keep telling myself it will be worth the move!!! In fact, I know it will!
Enjoying a panel discussion led by with social media experts & Very insightful.
i just woke up from a nap !!
I heard it wasn't worth the money to see it in theatres, but it had its funny moments
1st day of snow in Chicago baby !!!
& Thanks! It would be a great gig!
DB23 for the win... That's why he's the cap'n folks..
Holler day yay! :))
2 years ago today the #Brewers pounded out 25 hits and humiliated the #Pirates 20-0.
Many thx to & all our guests & vendors for a fab event on Sat!
Now you know how I feel. It must be like a smile... highly contagious :)
IM GOING TO REGRET THAT
okay im finish facebook stalking..SVU till i fall asleep
I sure love that vegetable!
I love/hate this song lol
If you could co-write a song with anyone BESIDES The Boss, who would it be? And are you guys coming by Tampa anytime soon?
We would like to thank the Sigma Chi Fraternity Omicron Omicron Chapter for helping us out!
I guess, in this case, I view another shot as another chance to throw away money. But now that it's up to $500mm who can say no?
Compromise is not capitulation--giving up on President Obama is.
Yes I'm in my MF ' feelings . You don't like it , let me know .
told my sis "shut up freak of nature" her response was "hey I'm not a freak of nature Im a freak of city" In an extremely unattractive voice
how is that "worse"?
I'll take credit for those ☺
People keep claiming that anyone can recruit. Why dont they try it then? and why do they fail to find good workers when they try?
RT Apartment necessities: $130 launch party bar tab: $35, watching Return of the Jedi as a nightcap: priceless.
Thanks for having me as a speaker this past Saturday, hope I inspired some makers!
“: I miss your awesome faces love u guys” me too... we must plan a wine night ASAP!!!!
I hate how some guys just think they can push me around and i hate how they don't really want my heart they just like to know they can 😪
Anyone have extra tickets to Wilco either at Fox or Warfield?
not too much different, we shall see how game plays. Skins and Eagles could jump
By whom? RT : This game is a work of art.
Here comes Cox!!!!
:O you called me a bitch </3
He hit that hole hard.
Why the hell is my DVR recording "Man vs. Wild?" And why is it doing so EVERY DAY? I don't even watch "Man vs. Wild!"
No one like an arrogant boy scout. So 2009.
He got the bo haha
Why is tonight so confrontational?
Finally! After 5 days I just finished this drawing.
No stress necessary. Well, maybe just a little stress.
coffee. food... need!
no, silly.
About time #MatthewPerry is back on TV! Hope he's on #TheGoodWife for awhile.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. -Anatole France.
They both get funnier, and (don't tell) but I think Max gets sexier too!
"Partners" was not meant as a legal term.
Not to question the ionic quest for ice
Lol, I bet all these girls wish they were that girl Justin's touching.
How's everyone doing on this Sunday morning?! Wish it was a #Browns game day!! If everyone can go follow I'd appreciate it!
Check out our mobile optimized website!.
Always yum RT : A4 - basil, hands down ;)
Oh nice. What guns are you going to be shooting?
Gosh I am way too forgiving. 😒
I'm tired of the bullshit competing with these other chicks..
My birthday is mañana!
I always seem to go there in the winter. Great warm comfort food. I have been on the moosehead patio in Olmsted falls.
how you are you doing on this lovely morning !
Final comments before deliberation at the NSAC hearing for Alistair Overeem.
What up homegurl...Your #Spurs on #Clippers coming out strong ;)
The sexiest ski party is in 21 days in Breckenridge, CO. Skiing, spa meet n greet, themed dances and playrooms! Rooms & pass start at $602!
really wondering what some of my followers think about my lovely #selfportrait. I got sucked in #slpeeps. My followers are down today. :)
I love that though! :(
What is the name of this elusive place you are moving to? I'm going to try to find it on my bike.
Hey guise make sure you #supportbruno because we I loves him!!1
#FF #Follow these great bands and artists!
Celebrating my heritage! #HappyHaitianFlagDay. God is Good! The week we celebrate our country, 20 BILLION in GOLD is discovered there! AMEN!
Seriously i never acted like that when i was a freshman -.-
These refs in the Thunder-Lakers game are trash..
It didn't help matters when they brought the trolley to Santee.
its the spot. Hot me with a DM when ur here bruh. You light up?
still have IU vs Northwestern tix available ?
Oh i just noticed this, but I meant 11:00 p.m
great day here by the water!
You call yourself a "Single black female addicted to retail" ? Well I guess u can get addicted to sales at Value City.
don't know why,but I sure do 💜 procrastinating.
It's all over I found a better way to help keep you from me, I'm better off this way.
thanks for the link via edurach!!
*Ordering food with mom* Me: I want a number 1 with a soda. Mom: We have soda at home. Me: IT`S NOT THE SAME !
Become memorable. RT : RT : RT : A5: Its hard for people to follow someone they can not see.
I did, thanks bestie!
thanks (: you too .
I just did the twitter tutorial quiz and my response was accepted...
The MAGENTA puma.
Still the best senior class of my lifetime.
exactly & it shouldn't! I don't condone it for either holiday. I said it on Father's Day too
Or does it matter whether the templates are directly under ~/.pandoc/templates/ for them to override the pandoc defaults?
Monaco Royalty #OTRC Honoring actress and Princess Grace Kelly. It's been 30 yrs since she passed away
No God, No Peace. - Know God, Know Peace.
‎3 mixes down for Michael Bram's upcoming record...this really is going to be a good one. Sounds BIG!!! stay tuned...
You are great!
It was a Say Anything saturday night. Love that flick.
OK I got word that someone got spammed from my account via DM..Wasn't me..I will look into it and I apologize..Freaking ppl have no lives!!
I dont understand why parents have to be always right without even hearing my side of the story in arguments
Haters are my motivators in disguise-Vinncent Castronovo <3
Welcome taking Twitter by the Horns.
Come on SPORTING!!!
about 8 days until i get to see my brother and he comes home ! haven't seen him since christmas
The first man was of the dust of the earth, the second man from heaven. 1 Corinthians 15:47
what a fuckboy.
“: Looking do a story for our site. Let's set something up #LaFoodie #LA”
I just saw a homeless man searching bins for food, I gave him
Wild times at LAX tonight and Dinner at Social house lets go!
didnt think it could get worse, then there was a rap...
I just want to take it nice & slow
will see what time ya going?
. Thanks for the RT!
#GoTribe Fukudome....best last name in sports ever??
Thanks Charles! We like your name too.
Thanks ladies!
school's so whaack.
"May not have been a great outing"? What game did you watch? Yes bp blew game but they gave up too much 4 a Fauto like outing
Good Morning😌 RT : you ain't txt me good morning tho
I challenge all those who oppose our move to the #pac12 to a round of fisticuffs; the first to fall must submit!
We have started the markup session to consider the resolution to launch a formal investigation into the "Trust" with subpoena power.
Did someone say double date? -->: Me too! ~~> RT : Where's everyone taking their mother today? I need ideas for lunch.
If you're not carrying the world on your shoulders, then you're not really living.
My 7-year-old niece's favorite thing about her mom according to the book she made her for mother's day: "She buys me food at the store."
Today I had an lovely brunch with someone I've aspired to be like. The conversation was beyond AWESOME.
yay!!! :) thanks so much!
haha good shit. Same here, just been busy as fuck
that's what i'm thinking. we have 2+ locations and frequent exceptions to hours but perhaps we are not snowflakes??
I got two numbers too !
5 year old just finished reading me the Lorax. It was important to her and that made me proud.
Creative!!! Very creative!
Kevin_faulconer same rhetoric as always coming from you lying richpublican mouth. Sad
well you have about 30 minutes to get your listen in before we take it off!
My Mom seriously struggles with texting. She puts like 10 spaces between each word.
Man.. my babe leaves in a few hours and I didn't even get to see him
Your worst enemy is yourself.... Alter Ego
Wish you hadn't said that. I was trying to convince myself to go to bed.
Call me old school but I rather shop for clothes in stores then online too much boot-legging going on now-a-days
No walking dead... Not sure what to do with myself.
I've worked for 4 years in the Strip District and just this week made it to Andy's Sushi Bar at Wholey's. Tuna Kiwi sushi!
It was great meeting you last night at the You're now officially my 2nd fave Canadian (behind Dave Chappelle)
"I haven't farted in like 3 years bro..." -Rube Sheeber
thanks for follow Kevin... hope to see you May 19th!
Thanks to the webshopsapps Magento Override extension we were able to create shipping rule per product based on quantity.
yay! blue sky here in #ROC!!
Game on! First spring training game for the #Brewers is underway!
when tells that your a satanist and she has to call to make sure that shes lying....oh the friends i have:)
Discount on your next pizza.
It would seem that every school in that league now has an easy way to beat Mesa Prep. No muss, no fuss.
hope i feel better so i can play tommorow.
Come join us at Hartwood Acres August 8th from 12-4 for Family Fun Day. Face painting, bounce house, crafts, airbrush tattoos, and more!
Hump day
That and the cougar calendar are not mutually exclusive. Just sayin.
so easy to feel sleepy~
Happy to be hearing at #smbmad at Monona Terrace. Thanks to #Ford for their sharing him with us today.
Did you know that the red carpet for all events is really not red? It's weighs on the side of fuchsia.
Think of a number between 0 and 120. Add 12 to it. Multiply by 2. Subtract 8. Now close your eyes. It's dark, isn't it?
RT : More filed to ESPN: And now that Manning has told his agent to make deal with Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tim Tebow
Sometimes you fall into love. Sometimes you trip into it. And sometimes...you get raped.
I have never thought about that before. I can only imagine
Just had a great time at gatti town, my son won over a thousand tickets with 5 bucks.
And I'm back, pretty sore though
because we want Austin Mahone's cat Romo…. lol we trying to trend #wewantromo!!!
Been trying to play Scrabble on my Droid but that app is so damn glitchy.
I think it's pretty funny how everybody's out having fun and I'm watching movies. Someone text me.
If I order Papa Johns tonight to club cinema, I want you as our pizza boy
Check out work from local artist Seth Stork on display in our Market Square location!
Jessica Sanchez- In the finale!! #iamecstatic :D
I am always here for you. And love your ideas!
You're only as good as the people you hire
what are the two things you can't have for lunch?
Matching tween gay boys walking out of the Galleria.
what you said!
SEND ME NUMBERS PEOPLE!!!<3
3rd and 14, Beaver defense steps up to the challenge and sniffs out the screen pass. 4th and long for Ducks at the end of the 1st Quarter
": Lmfao Bill Cunningham be having some crazy people on his show it's worse than Maury lmao."
TURKEY POT PIE
I need to get my hair done but for the past few days of school asia been looking a mess lol
If you can say it behind my back, you should be able to say it to my face. Ha!
" Downloading 97%... 98%... 99%... *downloading error* OH GOD KILL ME NOW!"
thanks! I have a canon rebel. Any favorite places for SD photo walks? (other than balboa park or old town..been there recently)
I'm at the leadership bfast.
dam a nigga still up bored as fuck somebody hit me up
your so mean deadass
you know how Mondays are like ugh!! well can brighten the day with an #acfamilymeeting. music & laughs, doesn't get better
Another great show ! I love my cast ! <3
I need to get this finish line job for this summer.
incredible hulk is something amazing. do you know him?
I always like the option of having and "OPEN" hitting time for a set price during off peak hours rather than paying for tokens
I feel left out... SHOUT OUT TO
Working out of the New York office this week. What's up?
had a dream this AM while flying frm NOLA to NYC. U & were launching a program 4 writers live from cafe du monde :)
where you at
Thanks for the RT! :)
: But Oakland couldn't spare ONE? I get that it was crazy there but, come on. Very let down.
$16 dollar tees for the late Black Friday shoppers and the early Cyber Monday shoppers www.ThreadedType.com
Ha! Not unix, but #ux-- user experience. I don't make the software, I make it better. Design for people
A big " THANK YOU" for the follow!
Beechwold Diner is in Beechwold, not Clintonville. Thus the name.
Walker campaign says more than 33,000 jobs created since Walker took office, unemployment rate plummeted to its lowest since 2008...
explain to why I can watch Ohio high school football and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
Is wondering if the Air Wars will ever end and public sessions of Council meetings will return to normal.
How can someone say they "have no respect for Robinson Cano?" He literally NEVER says anything. Even non-Yanks fans can agree with that.
thanks for the the follow
Take a breath and calm yourself... Much easier to tackle a cruddy day when you're the eye at the ctr of the storm. :) GL!
ow oh you don't know your beautiful:)
wait I think u found you lol hold on lol
Watching YouTube from Xbox loving it
Hard work pays off!!!!!!Im So thankful....
Welcome to STL! RT : Just got to St. Louis and it's Cardinals Fever!! 20 flatscreens in one room of this restaurant :)
75 in Madison and its early March. More global warming please!
RT : Just left indigo w and j3 crew! Tomorrow turntable up at luxe <-- Thanks for coming thru fam!
Linux Web Hositng Space available all over ... - Free classified ads
To drunk to say the tg, kinda ashamed of myself
are you working cleaning, or kitchen? (:
*Gasp* They dared to auto correct Lewis Carroll?!? Off with their heads!
This is a Chicago trend?
gotta make rent...if only it was that easy!! Soon...
yeah we can only try!:(
RT : Evisors congratulates its first customer to get a full time offer from McKinsey & Company!
never mind, you might slap me.... RT what? O.o
#NowPlaying About you now - Miranda Cosgrove
Tonight at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar, join the whole crew : violin, guitars, bass and volcals Django style. 7pm. No cover.
Don't miss this! Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale TOMORROW Oct 15 9AM on the Library lawn 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen NJ!
right now i am watching smackdown if anybody wanted to know... :-)
seriously though let us know if we are too loud.
River monsters = no sleep.
Penn Stater willing to help? Love it! Email RT
"The role of the imagination is to create new meanings and to discover connections that, even if obvious, seem to escape detection....
can't wait to watch on dancing with the stars!!!
Oh wow! That's sad ! You bring so much to that show!
God this girl tweets to much..i think I know who was talking bout now..every time I come on twitter all I see is her tweets
looking for perfect holiday gift..get a diamond from Raymond Lee Jewelers see special at ybocaraton.com in coupons.
:) thank you!!! RT : #HA2Crush yea… she just cute enough to mention…
Channeling my favorites, the Grimke sisters as I rally about rights at #aauw state convention.
number 1 sign of being a hipster: saying you hate hipsters. welcome to the club, sean.
Why is Nick Lowe trending? If its coz he unfollowed loads of people, they need to get a grip!
": "Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out." - Frank A. Clark"
No three words have greater power than I Love You.
direct trade. Micro lots.
Boy man. Wash uffizzi drive me to firenze
In the NHL, takes the Bruins money line for a unit.
thanks but i have my own :)
no were gonna miss each other!
Thats was good:)
Are we looking at Jane's second ex-husband?
don't forget the popcorn for thomas's class!
I'm coolin drinking
You're beautiful. & True, True
All Uni cubes returned safely to base after Biblioball 2011. Cleaning and light sanding scheduled for this week.
Ready to talk honors thesis at El Cholo
Finally got my razr back!! They gave me a whole new phone
We all have those weekends. RT : I know its saturday but taking a
I made it to the 500,000s :D hahahah #finally :b
always look forward to tommorow because you can start anew everyday
I woke up n noticed my charger was nocked out of the wall. So. No excessive tweeting for me this am.
PLEASE , PLEASE tell me your not dating Alexis .......
The person you are looking for is the people around you
I am one happy girl!
Pleasant surprise: checked in and found Craft by I know where I'm having dinner...maybe 2!
Farrah Fawcett auditioned for the role of Princess Leia in Star Wars.
YEA dat was the song *dancing*
Welcome my boo, , to Twitter!
so much for creating a conversation... With a single tweet, Lance Armstrong’s PR machine blunts ’60 Minutes’ segment
Okay good night :)
.'s IG last night has me craving soba noodles. Don't know where in south Austin to go since Fire Bowl stopped carrying them.
I have a doctor's appointment and my stomach won't shut up. Haha. Ssssh. It's too quiet here!
yup :D i like love it bahahah
Awesome! I would love to learn how you did that!
Done retweeting things:
i listened to the album 26 times in a row on the way home.
Ordered Fuel tonight. So much more MMA for me.
btw gossip boy is now an app on mmy phone. I click it and it goes directly to ur tumblr <3
hey when is the power coming back on?
Our new album "Truth, Lies and Deceit" is done! Check itunes, Amazon and everywhere for it soon! Also check out our facebook page for a...
Dad is at the Indianapolis Speedway, preparing to drive an Indy car. It will do up to 140 MPH and he plans on reaching that speed. Go Dad!
don't complain!! She's hot!
: Too cool! Nice job, David! How to customize simple icons and clipart screenr.com/mKPs
had a nice dunk
Had an awesome shoot today for SMOKING (my new webseries coming out this fall). :D
Things are going well for Wake Forest early in the second half. Deacons lead Raiders 44-28. 15:40 remaining.
you have the best announcing crew with you, Sabathias going to shut the tigers out, go yanks!
are you ok robert you havent tweeted since tuesday
Compared to a “You are here” map, I see both advantages and disadvantages.
Lynard Skynard at Miller Lite CarbDay Friday prior to #Indy500 If weather's nice band doesn't matter...will sell plenty of drinks
Holding a listening party workshop for songwriters, singers and musicians tonight. Should be a fun time.
I catch on quick.
haha that is funny!
lol text kalissa she'll tell I if u can!
haha It's all fine. Lmao random tweets with friends
Ready for the world!
I love you to jhutch
MS critical updates keep killing my os. Here's to hoping that a repair install works!
We are all about the love and sparkle.
Can't wait until the new season comes out!
i will always care bout u
then smoke a fat ass blunt to the head and pass that shit to tunechi tell dat bitch to shake that ass and show that coochie
People were different in the 1990s
needs to just accept his blackness
thanks mom. bit of a mixed blessing but mostly grateful for it, too!
Exactly what I was thinking when I saw that article. He doesn't work on the docks, does he?
Levi Strauss & Co reports 99.9%+ backup success rate. Pretty impressive given half its environment is virtualized
you and ur sister are so pretty!!<3
I need to get back at it. Not finding the motivation.
Have a positive review for us? We'd love to here it! Email:
It's going to be a long day. Two munchkins, then fixing my hair, hanging out with Melody & seeing my favorite man. :)
that was the best thing that happened all-day
It's a Collective Sounds day at Jimmy Cliff + Counting Crows =amazing
Just ate a chip bigger than my hand...
needs more experience
Looks like we're getting the band back together for one more go around..
Gus Johnson doesnt do "Onions!!" that is Bill Raferty "Devendorf for the win, ONIONS!!"
I have NO band It feels like my life is over!
In the car, rolling up, and singing "Is this Love"- Bob Marley
Maybe as authority control, Google presence, etc. It's a static (but up-to-date) profile for me, with links to other services.
The Jungle Cruise will always be my favorite water craft, spieler driven attraction.
Tennis Pro Milos
Thanks for sending us your link! We are working hard on the next issue, and will definitely review your work.
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat. ~ Sun Tzu
Cornbread stuffing, cranberry sauce and chocolate peanut butter pie all done for the feast tomorrow.
iM WATCHING YOU RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW ! <3
We'll be rockin it on July 31st with Tonight Tonight at Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
Oh he's an early model. We didnt do the homework. He sheds like crazy. You have to make sure the shedding's bred out of them.
- Thank You & ily Too Dereka D. Seymour-Walton ! QT : -happy birthday to my ace ! ily Carletta A. Byrd!
it's okay,I'm okay.but don't ever make me see you with your new girlfriend #TSS :')
Hunger games comes out today! Whos exited? I kno i am :) and #BOYFRIEND on monday :) #3days cant wait
aww shucks thanks!! We have to have more parties now!
I find myself mostly reading tweets and not updating my tweets.
