#YouKnowShesTheOne when she treats you like You're The One.
Thank you! I had so much fun with the pics and titles. I love matching things at random--I do that all the time for myself :)
Working on the brewery this weekend. Stop by 4-? Sat or Sun and say hello. We will have home-brewed versions of our beer until it's gone.
I'm hungry as hell.
Maybe Niki Minaj will try bloodletting during her next performance?
Someone is reading Goffman across the coffeeshop from me and looks depressed. I want to intervene.
"Trade the children's promise for the jingle, the way we trade our hard earned time for pay." ::the low anthem::charlie darwin::
Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. ~Robert Breault
Excellent suggestions! I've been meaning to read Rosenfeld for a while
thank you! r u in cannes?
Going to game 7
Record Art Sale Boosts Orders for &#39;The Scream&#39; Poster
Hello! Thank you for letting us know. Please DM us your address!
Tami blames others for her unhappiness
A moth has decided to play hide and seek with me in my room.
Check out the new years 2012 issue and a look back at some of 2011's hottest featured restaurants!
Best part of #ln2012? Talking with fellow union members from all walks of life until 2:30am. We learn SO much from each other's stories!
i hate it when your cat wakes you up and you cant go back to sleep.
Creepster thing of the day: discovering that Costco sells caskets.
tsk tsk just ready to go? I'm already going in!
Woahhh, that was fast but at least they ustreamed
oh this project...
RT Is it "Sorry your teammates blew the last 3 seasons, here are all of the awards Kat Ding" Day?
Healing Blessing: The wisdom of God works thru you and your healthcare providers, in cooperation with your body's innate healing power.
Last night was an amazing idea and today I feel wonderful...
my wife and I gave it up...haven't looked back.
loves grapes!
I'm a butterfly murder! I just see all these butterflies crashing into my windshield and DYING. 😔
Ok so I'm getting stalked and its pissing me off leavve me alooonne!!!!!! Lmao
What am I fighting for?
Going to be so dead tomorrow !
Rockland Lake? Or picnic at the Nyack pier? There's a hiking trail in Suffern near RCC...
more like broke 3
Man U v Chelsea live in High Def on Espn 2 this morning! 7:45am eastern. Can't wait!
I love coldplay, esp how he rocks on the piano bench like forest gump
ok judge trudy
Totally. Too many damn hoops to jump through.
It's cool!! RT : I really do not like #sharkweek. Freaks the hell out of me.
Does mother know you weareth her drapes?
I'm in the library and in need of a pen
Well, well, well, how the turntables....
I thought you were acting like MGK wasnt cool! Sorry homes I didnt mean to misinterpret ya
Transformer Ride. Employee Preview. Prime Out.
I do agree,...but do you think twitter will come and go?
My community would love arts & crafts type maker labs. Am I missing the point?
"One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests." - John Stuart Mill
When is Apple going to give us a new beta of iOS 5.1, its been over a month and beta 3 better not be final.
Ewh don't hit on me when I'm with my mom, you prick.
preparing to introduce new Rose Festival event to public
I'll be in there tomorrow. Save me some Nutella. :)
p.s can't wait to see what you're doing with your 'shop' and your DIY ideas :) you're perfect for that!
hahaha awww - hugs!!! Wish I could have stayed!! I hope I can at least pop in every week :)
Next time you are on this side of town, would love to meet you !
one more follow
#Nuggets play tonight! I absolutely NEED to make it to at least one game this year! Just need a game buddy!
oh! Where from? I can always enjoy a good bagel!
So when are and gonna meet up?
The #Cubs could drive a man to drink; the #Mariners to more powerful pharmaceuticals.
“All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.” Galileo Galilei
oh you know. I have many leather bound books and my apartment smells of rich mahogany.
Hahaha! Wow. We have to ask the judges one that one. RT: : Does Stainboy count?
Great seeing both and these past few days. Thanks for the hospitality and showing me around your hoods!
It's a type of kindness, I guess. :)
“: Marketing for Alka-Selzer doubled sales by giving the impression that the dose was twice what it actually was. - #idea10”
Yah well it didn't have a seat belt on...so, its probably best.
I will be there with a friend a little after 5. is 50/50 at best I think.
whatever I can play!
Those who are faithful know only the trivial side of love: it is the faithless who know love's tragedies. - Oscar Wilde
Boston bound!
Considering covering the SCF next month for Please,
Yea for #MBA dedication! RT My eyes are getting blurry after 5 hours in the #SDSU #library with
Is it true that the more you try to get something, the more distant it becomes?
Cleverbot is what i go on when i want to have pretty good conversatiions . . cause i have no friends , we talk about politics and such (:
Wow! That is so awful. How does that hpn? Keep ur head up. U've proven u r a champ. U can bounce back. Alot of people believe n u
Carefree days and nights
TMLA Varsity Softball beats Molloy for the first time in 9 years ! Soo proud of you guys ! 👍😁👏
-_- I LOVE how my mother is giving away my stuff to people. THANKS FOR ASKING ME FIRST SLUT.
Why is it that in only some episode is jake drawn in the most wonky possible ways causing me to laugh uncontrollably?
u busy right now ?
it's Delta. Not your svelte figure.
The #ChicagoSoupCompany website will be completed in the next several weeks - working hard to get it completed!
I know, but your reply didn't need a reply from me..I think...anyway I was not ignoring u
Bout To Pass Out Finna Go To Bed!!!!!!!!!
I still got love for you bra...But if Rose gets that MVP he will be the first since 73' to win it and not be All-NBA 1stteam
DM me to number
(I really hope so.)
if you think should follow me on twitter as a b-day gift retweet this
Having the seniors write their own narratives... one of my fave things...
Head's up! Giving away a pair of tickets in my next break on !
Coming right back with the over again tonight in the yanks/philly game
But he's also claimed his mouth was covered.
you're rude
follow Look at her pics cause u messin with me she'll talk to u back :-)
how funny I am going to Tampa as well. Company event at trade winds resort
Heading to meet other #kipcamp fellows. Columbus reminds me why I like Midwestern college towns, state capitols.
Hey feedmytweeter...I LOVE MY WIFE MORE EVERY DAY!!!Are there challenges?Yes!!! It's selflessness that grows us both in TRUTH. -douggieb
yes your site is!
New year, new ideas.
My 1000th tweet and I would like to pay tribute to the kid. RIP Gary Carter, an all-time great for the Mets.
Watching All that, legend of the hidden temple, double dare!!!!! 90's shows! <3
Countdown to Superbowl Sunday-Only 4 Days Left. Have you got your place to Wager lined up yet- Click for the Best Bonuses and Security!
I'm a lame
I'd like to announce a change of permanent address. I'm moving to the 6th Floor of Thompson, 20th century politics shelves.
we Hustle ask about me im bout this life #Zone5 #4thward #5points #everythingisaboutthe$$
Starting as a frustrating day, I decided to smile at every one I see. Including myself. So far I have gotten a lot of smiles back. Nice day.
Thanks for the shoutout pimp!
That was the first time I've heard his voice in a year I'm glad it was a nice voice… and not yelling like last time...
Merry Christmas & Happy Hanukkah! May the light of this season fill your heart & life with great joy & happiness. Blessings to you always.
Follow my other account I use that account more than this one
Happy Friday Folks! Don't forget Mother's Day. Bring in your Mom on Sunday and get a Free Appetizer.
Happy Easter! Have a Great Day!
I believe there is a series of fine animated films that answer this question - through pop songs and light bathroom humor.
Happy Friday the 13th!!!!!!
SO important. This *would* be the paper I miss while looking for my hotel, ! Need to find out abt this project.
if this ipod isnt returned to the office or me, im calling the police.
Arf, thanks! I promise not to spill any crumbs on your technological devices. I believe in mobile learning and eating.
We ran the town
Up early :( good morning
there was news on google that said he left for LA without the rest of them! And my stupid country are trying to…
roll tide all the way....
Gettin my #weekend on!!! On our way to #MichiganCity!
damn dem skinny bitches.
#TheWorstFeeling Waste time.
LMFAO omg I'm dying. I miss you to Dx next week! You and me! Donedonedone!
Im sick man pray for my fam...RIP MY FAV AUNTIE I LOVE U!!!! ;'(
I wonder if I can talk Portland and Boulder into having a threesome?
Yucky 1st quarter of shooting but Ray is back.
Awesome! Thanks!
Realized I was at the wrong RSA Conference website when it was a) too nice a website and b) the keynote speaker was Tony Blair.
yep! :) I work till 7
tenor sax is awesome, listening to Clarence Clemons made me want to learn but that never came to be
Agreed. Their green apple roll is really great! I also like & Also has great sushi.
aw. I miss you too during the day shift
Twitter just isn't the same without :'( I keep checking my feed only to remember I'll never get another tweet from her.
u should of threw a open box of captain crunch in his cart and gave him a old eddie murphy album
Taking a walk to get some exercise to end my awesome day
Can Friday afternoon get here faster?
Perfect! We'll be looking for your order!
Need clip of all the death scenes both avoided & actual to satisfy my homicidal tendencies.
Ha, yeah. The best part about it was the subject line: "link building services praposal". Spell check FTW.
Just migrated my account to a organizational account and... well, completely ruined everything.
Sounds like you could use a quote from a company that's better at this communication thing. Can we help you out?
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
West Coast Thursday is here!!! The fun starts at 8pm. See you tonight.
The vow without him.. But its okay, im watching it with my homieeeeeeee, (;
can't wait for #BELIEVE My 2012 wish is for you to follow me and Make my day. #NSN :) 100% belieber no matter what <3
Eat the cupcake ...
Jimmy Rollins might be the only returning starter on this year's fantasy team. I'm drafting that dude early.
Watching Christmas during the holidays always makes me want my life to be a Lexus commercial! Ha ha
Highly disappointed as a
OMG it's here
lol you suck at returning calls smh
TMA Event- Workout Lenders Panel- will explore current issues in distressed lending, focus on current industries & the credit markets, and …
Whitney Houston...possibly the greatest voice ever and the greatest tragedy story... all at the same time.
but we all being fooled if we think the millionaires in DC (both parties) legislate for the people and not their interests
Ha, sounds like a universal truth.
omg me
haha! totally Ben. If only we could get CU undergrads to get that fired up about oh I don't know, academics? :)
Lmfao I thought I was weird for doing that
you home?
Is taking a few minutes to read to Nathan's Pre-K class this afternoon.
follow mw ? please :)
Obama said the ground has shifted under the feet of the stalwarts...
Omg hes dead too ?
RT : lol #Truth #concur “: oh u aint heard? I'm coated in repellent! #haterimmunity”
Thanks for playing for Oklahoma, because of that became a Razorback.
hey guys!! Hope ur havin a great St Paddys Day!!
Rt : I hate crap like that. Because my #OCD makes me double check. We're good.
you guise. i think i got it.
Oy! Where you able to go finally? I love the baked goodies at farmers markets. Fresh and homemade. Yummy!
Spring time in NYC :)
karma is a you know what! Love u!
So many bad #Pens fans out there. You're into it, I get it. Now put some fucking heart into it! Believe. Trust. Care.
I'm going to travel back in time 8 years, find the me who decided to install a whirlpool tub, and buy him a beer.
so fuckin pumped for the show today!!!!!
Parents are just as bad about drama as teenage girls
overboard is SO EFFED.
I am so sleepy :(
it has to be especially when the other chooses the douchbag!
is he making any movies? This is crazy I never knew he was involved in movies! :)
i dont have a boyfriend to hide !!
giants and jets win sweet ...
Here I am pumpkin. I miss you too :). I just asked about you last night.
How's the weather?? :)
Oh your welcome and that sounds good
Little Einstein is my newest example of repurposing: the show makes interesting/new uses of classical works of music/art. My 2
They must track your past browsing history.... Only joking, but there's a report as spam button to get rid of them.
#ReconciliationLaw - An option to consider when your spouse wants a divorce and you don't (or vice versa).
yeah, thats cool right? love your work... i found it while googling around on Mary Katrantzou, funny right?
Flat Top Fellar is a Cat!!!
i like how me and #oomf ST
Thanks! Henrietta The Dragon Slayer is a cool heroine! What's your hero's name?
You have me anxious to watch it! I've seen bits and pieces, but never the complete movie.
Crazy World!!!
The right person gone come along and change that..
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, don't ask a stupid question.
It's raining. I need to put on a hood to walk and get some skittles and iced tea. What do I do?
about to go kill this stage rt quick :)
Hello((: THAT SOUNDS LIKE FUN!! Have a great day :D
“: Kitchen drawer full of ketchup packets, coupons and taco sauce....”
laps need cats
sure thing!
Our january 15th show at Irving plaza nyc is approaching soon. Come out and waddle with us! Msg us for tickets almost sold out!!
That's why it pays to have an attorney, Holla. #cease&desist
I'm sorry I'm tired. & stop being ghetto like Nina & write in caps.
I just donated blood! My arm hurts. Guess my veins were hiding today.
how exciting :) have a wonderful Christmas!
Hope the photo group meeting went well, TC!
Did you know that Globalnet Telecom offer complete telecoms solutions, not only to our customers but also channel partners throughout the UK
Hahaha I don't know what got into me! But I just wanna dance!! Haha
I need a job.
Why make alcohol if you can't get fucked up
Cohen: corporate America leading in diversity -- Comcast/NBCU launching 10 new minority owned networks
I had a dream during my nap where I dropped and broke my phone. I cried.
Please check out Idalya's page. This brave little girl is fighting for her life against #cancer and needs our help....
Gurls That Want A Man. But Look For Personality First. Cause Most Men Are Crazy. Find The Truth And Down Earth Man. Dont Rush into love.
yeah I like that place...better than dream
lol with doctors are hard to play as in act 3 lol i run out of mana quicker then muscles eats anything XD
I shave my head once or twice a year and I dont know why bc I look like stone cold steve austin with polio
ah thank you (:
nope, what we need is better time management and prioritization....
Nope! My favorite boards have to do with food and alcohol.
As Long as you give something your very best, it is always good enough! No matter what :)
Thank you! is urging that too. Intend to later down road when have $$ but audio to start.
First time flying on the massive new A380. Same as any other plane so far.
you're asking for what the metaphor is?
“: Love Texas. Love the south. : Kelly's a Texan at heart” heartKL
The old baseball cliche, when you're behind, you're losing.
Unforgettable: Vizcaíno Meets Storms, Natives, and, Finally, San Diego. - San Diego Reader
: "small word vacation" with "a case study of a twitter network for the homeless"
im facetiming savannah, i can see your texts lol
give me a minute, songs take time to write
I don't know any good starcraft jokes, I only play srs and hardcore. D:
My pain was just a down payment on my blessing!
My little is going to love her paddle
Lightning on the horizon. That cool gush of earthy air ahead of the cobalt front. Birds making their final, frantic rounds.
I used to be productive, until I downloaded Minecraft. Now I am virtually productive!
(cinematographer) used a Cannon T2i DSLR in the making of
"Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands, but let it go, and you learn at once how big and precious it is."
under your bed c:
hahaha 19th. No excuses for 4 straight bad days..
suck a cock
So many new faces! Meet Morgan (on the left), our new Volunteer Manager. She's going to be a great addition around here :)...
I found $1 on the ground. My day might be looking up!
Maybe Tebow and put an end to all of that sinning up there.
nope--it was a long night. The brand new ac @ school's been off and on too, so this seems to be a theme for me! Oh my...
Will do for sure.
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 16
For Profit Companies: Your team is everything ... who you hire matters. Not for profit? Trust matters!
haven't tweeted in a while. Happy Sunday to all. Practicing guitar and hanging out with the pup.
I made a more articulate comment on HuffPo piece, but it wasn't published.
What are you grateful for - right now? Text You the answer!
thank you so much for the quick dm you are awesome =]0
GOD IS PISSED
I absolutely love !!! Her music is so amazing!!! Have the whole album on repeat!!
its the truth tho, OKC way too athletic and fast for they old ass lmfao...
it's a natural questions based upon your user name
the weird part is that ppl our parents age are like thinking that they are still in the game... gross..
Good morning to you as well Carole! I hope you have a #TerrificTuesday!!!!
The opening day--still 0-0 in the 3rd. Dempster not getting calls from home plate umpire. Wild to see ivy on the wall already.
you and 50 cent bout to squash the beef?
Bummer to miss you guys, ! We were hanging out with the wonderful and fabulous and
party live on my cam...
I know some moms, please follow me and I'll DM some names to you
In thee exercise room.. working out with my besties
thanks dude! Were actually recording new material as we speak?
Congrats to & entire team on the amazing opening of >>Let the good times role.
RT Nothing says "Good Morning" like a bearded, disheveled man shouting expletives on a packed Red Line train.
for reals right
and u like that cramp before I take a shit.... Ooiioooooo
White iPhone with leopard print case ;)
No shes not my daughter... im just her daddy lmao
Ok.. I have to say this: news is a joke. An hour broadcast and they devote less than ONE min to sports? I wish I had that hour back,
Anticipated vacancy in your room for Spring '12? A January term resident may be assigned there. If so, your RHD will notify you by Dec 15th.
I got so burnt today that I can't sleep :(
I think you guys can get him a greater audience. He's a good guy with an amazing physique.
err, oh yes definitely
New day.
i'm at work. how's your day going? - zach.
Glad I started bj raji today
RT : Some favorite follows in
Wed night drunk Call from " I just threw my computer out the window bc I wanted to test technology" Seriously?!
i would hope they can take care of home court, but they'll be close games again most likely.
Let me know how blaming others for your road rage works out for you.
I ain’t saying you ain’t got good reason for wanting to take a match to everything
I start a new job 2moro workin 4 th same great person I wud have been workin 4 @ an assisted living place
"You see, Bo, you're not a tragic character. Neither am I." --Letter from Hemingway to Fitzgerald
This #SXSW shuttle has its very own iPad DJ - so far we've had a little Winehouse and Cake
Lesson for today: unit tests are helpful; good unit tests are even more helpful.
SAT word of the day: intransigent (adj.) refusing to compromise, often on an extreme opinion
I love but I wish you had #vegan options in the "fresh prepared meals" section. Please! :)
When eliciting info fr clients for #resume "Don't worry abt writing style-format-grammar in responses" Brain dump=good
Princess thinks everyone wants to play with her at 4am--uh no!
The buddy of the guy who caught the David Freese home run was wearing a Cubs shirt in the Cardinals clubhouse
Wow that is really an interesting video. And amazing!
epic night. Wouldn't of had it any other way!
aw ok... well u definitely needs dome beats by kandi
Black Betty bam ba lam Whoa Black Betty bam ba lam Bruins win! Cue the 70's rawk music
Crap, power off... damn storm.
I'm going to miss my best friend while he's gone! :C #jail #"vacation" @<3
We went to the zoo yesterday and Myla told the polar bear to go swim And he did! What power she must wield over nature...
Dubai or Barcelona.
Interesting note...this is the first time the Sox have scored double digits in runs all year, and it's in the first IL game
So a 4th gr class burst out in song spontaneously today. The song? #Solidarity Forever! Super cute and just what I needed today.
<--- our monkey wants to have your babies. he told us not to tell you but shhh ;)
We went down to and met a bunch of cool people! Can't wait to play w/ tmrw night.
AW, thank you and CONGRATULATIONS!!! It IS fun to say. Chloe. Chloe. ChloeChloeChloe. :) Be ready for a whippersnapper!!
": Up here with two of three favorite girls...Peyton and Katie " the third is Connor, right?
Welcome to the team. Hope your first week is great!
Stop by the Booth the #ShamrockShuffle Expo Sat from 3-7 & visit & Pick up some training tips!
Starting my day by reading my colleague's report on the cost of humanities research. Here we go....
Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
it's alright. ;p so boring though beccause Mollie couldn't come down for our bam night ;\ how about yours?
RT: I'm really going to miss 's hilarious parody tweets after this election.
This is huge. #YAY RT : Power outlets in seats now at LAX. I love it when someone is thinking.
Pretty sure they've turned on the AC at work. I was kind of liking NOT wearing a cardigan for the first time ever here.
movin to alaska...*sniff* :( miss ya guys!!!!
Specyphi tonight at J&B'S Tavern stop on out an have a cold one. CD Release Party New laser light show. Specyphi
The only change you can expect is change
Thanks to my new followers ^_^
Even as a child, watching him face the Knicks, I did not like that guy.
Zeller and Watford comin back next year for IU, happy birthday to me
TY for sharing! sets the bar right for the rest of us - by "bar" i mean example of being honest that life is good AND hard.
first half of ny twenties was all about partying, the other half was about making this amazing girl mine. and im happy
Can't wait to go to bed
White people always give you that fake ass smile out in the public
Follow back?? Btw your voice is AMAZING:)
ok!! I'm crossing my fingers!
Looks like they're not grants. They're investments, and they'll be traditional VC size; early-to-emerging.
Out to eat with the brosef & who happens to walk in? Flea. Made me think of you
Thank God I'm done with my comp exam papers. I can now get back to slacking off and watching hockey!
Really, really love both Hangover movies. Some of the funniest stuff I've ever seen! Added Bangkok to my "must visit" list.
Woo! RT I think I may actually be able to join this time!!
Hey saucy people, just a reminder that we're closed Monday's except for preordered catering. Have a kicking' Monday!
I don't stop thinking about it until I get what I want.
Thar awkward moment when someone thinks its november. *cough cough ...
They're not worth dealing with the other ones. :p
There's always room for you at Hotel Scaddan Robinson, just say the word! Comes free with mad kitty. And beers.
Mens best successes come after their disappointments.
hahahah good for you for paying for music!
Was Sevs closed? :)
Want to know when we reveal it all! Sign up www.sofiafellini.com
no I didn't know... Poop on me
I freakin love you too!(: HAHAHA i heart kitties <3
Ooh && that last tweet was mine -Ally
thanks #GoogleDrive... one more place to put my stuff and then promptly forget about it.
Endless amounts of notes passed to each other in the halls of Lowell High in between classes.
They say that from the instant he lays eyes on her,
hey how are you
me too! where are you?
ahahahaha just gave out most likely my first and last autograph! some girl asked me when i was working for KISS today!
I'm POOPED! Mortgages are easier;)
We like hearing that! RT : I'm gonna live at Powell Library this quarter.
Where can a girl get some coffee today, 4th or not, it's still Monday.
Met some kids who named their dog "Lahey". Easily the kewlest dog of all time.
I haven't said this in a while so i must. Has an amazing voice its like way better then sliced bread.
It will always be this way.
If you want fantastic Mexican go to Guero's on South Congress in Austin. Easy choice here.
i was just on google and then this video of The Devil Inside was showing and itfreakin scared me. not gonna watch it im a chicken ;p
must. stop. reading. blogs. must. sleep.
Finally! The sun came out today! Time to get out and enjoy the day.
How to beat Eli Manning in the Super Bowl - by Tom Brady
After a good work out; a massage sounds delightful! $55 for 1 hr Swedish massage; $60 for 1 hr Deep Tissue! Open 7 days a week!
I did dunk fam, you never did lol
It was an interesting case but jury duty averted this time. I wish i could go for a drink to celebrate.
Brunch. IT'S what's for lunch !!
Beer!?! Sconnie Beer!! We'll have to check in with Troy soon all about this ok??
#NBA #NBAonTNT - GStiemsma, man who has 'shot-blocking timing of Bill Russell," accord Celts leg Tom Heinsohn, just swatted away JTeague FGA
Chad ugly ass fuck I couldnt stand a chance..lol
fuck yeah ! awesome interview!
Lin is raising the level of play of players around him, that what makes a player a "special."
If the Royals want guys who hit into more double plays than get extra base hits, the Astros have a few more.
Kind of in love with your booth <3
Grab a bit to eat out at in Milwaukee, and you'll get an entry card with a special code!
Seriously? or is this and April fools joke?
happy birthday to your daughter!
Google "#nafsa11 tweetup paddle" and then hit images...very interesting no?
Idk lol but it won't let me do anything when it happens
Thanks we hope you like it :D xoxo
Good call! Then you will be with at the Montebello station!
Hey don't talk to you anymore so don't talk about me
Even though I hate 3D, I will see titanic
Have been following your tweets. Praise God!! So happy for you & her! Please pray for my mom, too.... :-)
I'm out of this BITCH! One year down three more to go.
Seriously. A staycation in san diego is a no brainer. Today it's La Jolla.
aka inhibitor of the Freshest colored #DeveloperTown house, grab for climbing sometime later this week..?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-58
I miss you!!
wuts good mr jackson?
cool, you'll be at the panel I'm speaking on (you can give me *honest* feedback....)
While I see what he means, he should probably not say anything since I'm sure there were Rays fans in the same boat a little bit ago.
I have heard of it. Is it better than 5 Guys?
Practicing self control, yeah, people like me but I'm slowly dying inside..is this any way to live
CPD still working to confirm if vehicle they found was vehicle involved in shooting
Rocking in at the market...
Also found a Michael Douglas & Evan Rachel Wood film I never heard of that looks AWESOME called King of California
As long as we have memories, yesterday remains. As long as we have hope, tomorrow waits. As long as we have love, today is beautiful.
good morning world
#herworld los angeles. The girls are arriving!
ha ha love that Conan pix. Wow! that hair, you look so young then maybe cuz you were?
#1DNewEnglandContest Jen is a sweetheart for doing this. thank you do much for the opportunity
Breaking a hundred is like breaking my heart
haha i just dissed this dude on im (:
Wanna get stranded on a island and see how long id last:)
Bogaerts is going to be one special player MT : Xander Bogaerts drills a booming line-drive double to right-center.
loving reflections of justin bieber
Beautiful! Every video you make is so moving!
thank you sir. What's good?
Remember to share your Valentine's Day treats with the single folks in your office ;)
Oh. I don't think of that as a landing page. I find that infuriating, personally. I often have to back out. :-)
I swear that like all of my followers are smarter than people twice their age
Whoops - sorry! Total brain fart on my part...
lol, sorry. Thanks you :)
Mixed babies are the cutest! (:
I think so Gina
the birthday card I said I would make... And I just need a video of you singing to complete it......................... Ha!
“: Happy #FF to #FurChat pals! Have a great weekend!” you too! Ty
sweet, with lifehouse?
when is that even gonna be released
~No BoyFriend, No Problem..!
Doc tells me if today's CT scan comes back clear (w/no reason to suspect it won't), it will be the last one.
"The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. The kindest hearts have felt the most pain..."
OK friends, it's Friday the 13th and I need a rec for a scary movie tonight. The husband begrudgingly agreed & I'm taking advantage!
Hmm, suddenly inspired to be less lazy about the Twitter account. Inspiration, will you have staying power or fly too close to the sun?
At the Green Room to see the Dirty Rogers!!!
Doing a remodel? ..selecting a Design Build team...consider if your contractor works inside of a system or a box. CAN KILL CREATIVITY!!!
We're connected on Twitter, why not connect on Linked-In? Send an invitation to: Chris Niccolls!
2 minutes left....it's getting Breesy
BREAKING: RT : From the creators of , get ready for Social Science Bites. Launches May 10th
"Saw a bumper sticker that said "Jesus Loves You" and thought "Of course Jesus loves me. I'm letting him borrow my social security number."
Heard of it..never played it..
Nothing like a 90 minute massage to put things in perspective.
Wake & bake! Happy 420 #stoners paradise
lmao this is hilarious. Hey Nathan u wanna schedule some fights via twitter? Hahah winner winner
and then have a raffle to win something for the best mustache here in cleveland.
RT : Today must be national piss Crystal off day...<<< oh shit!!
I need to collab with That will equal great music
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms who put up with their kids shit...but especially mine! Love you madre!
So what's gonna be your excuse tomorrow when we're all still here? :P
it was a fun show & everyone shared great energy
was incredible. Everyone was phenom & had a great time. So happy4 Knocked it out the park!
Rise & Shine !!! already on twitter following and being followed =) =P
Miguel Zenon show on Sat night was beyond the prior show I saw in Paris two months ago. Go see him if you have not!
YES! Haha u gotta go SO early tho, the Cody Simpson concert I went to was GA & we got there 4 hrs before & got 2nd row! Haha
okay i do not want your nuts bro, YOUR messaging me!
#SometimesIWonder why I never found love? Just looking for the one, not some dumbass cunt
Tonight's the night.
I hate being around serious people..
they stop playing after scoring the first goal and left their goalie out to dry. This isn't a cake walk series
Definitely early but lovin the 17-13 Mets. Go for the sweep.
Need a targetvention? Our last trip cost like $166 and we only needed a few things and had a list...how the fuck does that happen?
I do not want to get out of this car right now.
you are the bestest ever!!!
Have a daughter like me you need two guns 💪💪
babe follow back! :)
Just stopped at in Lexington. Time for the last leg home.
I'm sorry that your birthday is getting neglected by 2 guys that wanna go watch movies in Spanish.
Your mom saw my shadow today.
Blessed with yet another day. Proverbs 14:23.
COO!!!!! What was that move dude?
whens the next giveaway I'm ready :) need arrows lol
Of course! Always willing to spread the Milwaukee love! : : is pretty cool that way.
High desert-Victorville area. Super cold here! Bbbrrrrr!
Deaf, dumb and blind. "Money on my mind"
If you want to be "divided and conquered" and you work in Wisconsin, there's a great candidate for governor.
New Twitter handle is Still Betsy... No longer
Any #Letip folks going to #SXSWi? Let's meet up if so!
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
How does pollo not have brown rice??????
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Seriously such a crappy week RT : So over this week
The cardinal is the wild bird leading the list as the most popular state" bird. It is the state bird in seven states."
Big time rush Is AMAGAZING!
Tied 6-6. Span safe at first. Downs injured.
HI! I LOVE YOU.
They are a registrar in the same way we are (functionally). I think the comparisons are good. You pay a bit more for service.
thanks for the kudo's. Love your writing.
: can a nigga get a follow back?<< When u get a pic & no a egg lol..im goin back to da
I missed on the Atari and Chevron logos.
is it the YOLO or my class I can't c it?
What does 's declaration say about his opinion of his chances for re-election?
Defensive b/c "journalists" complicit in helping turn the story from liberty to contraception.
a little of both. No suits tonight. Haha
Are you still tweeting! OMG! You should be #dancing or #singing or enjoying some #comedy! go on! I won't tell anyone you were here! ;)
I'm officially mourning the death of my love of David Bowie...GJ keeps singing his songs with his Angel of Death voice!
glad it helped Kelly! we miss you!
Was using socialoomph to manage twtr etc but URL shortening doesn't seem to work. Switching to hootsuite
You go, GURRRRLLLLLLLL!
never say never bud...
Too many look up and admire the stars. A champion climbs a mountain and grabs one!!!
Guilt free in the middle of the pouring rain
Go M's! RT : One hour until gates open!
Data organization !!!: Dropbox, !!: Google Docs, !:Evernote
“Dreams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.
Hi. I'm an adult now.
Hi, can you email me or send me an email so I can get info about your job? . Thanks so much!
The #SOPA and #PIPA protests have been noticed! The government's action on these bills in beginning to reflect that!
unless I am on the road of course...
you are welcome
It's the hardest thing to piss with a boner
Hey! how's my twitter fam doing?
Awh yeah, everyone notices that, LOL. Nope, 2 years [if I got what you mean] :)
Gay activist killed in possible hate crime Raymond Taavel, pictured here at Pier 21 in Halifax in 2009, was found beaten to death outside
Will have a wee poke on Attfields #Muskatier here at
I'm not trying tewwwwwwwwww. Ugh, the last concert I wnt to was suicide silence. I'm losing it.
We are open today until 6PM and tomorrow 9AM-4PM, stop in and pick up your Valentines Gift Card!! XX00
Guess who's computer is having problems again
kinda need my keys
Just put the boys of "Dead Hearts" through their paces.
My mom is bringing 4 types of cheese with her next weekend.
Fun weekend: Jazz concert, son's ice hockey game and beautiful dinner party with friends.
I wish I would have known you wanted to go. What r Ur plans next weekend. My costume is awesome!
All caught up on The Walking Dead. Second half of the season was awesome!
We will be at SlutWalk DC on Saturday as a sponsor - giving away memberships and tattoos...
I'm usually a do-it-yourselfer but is great for a mani/pedi treat! Where do you go in the South End?
it really is! Its like "I really love my hamster..i shall let it go!" ..it wont ever come back..o.o
should I make a chocolate peanut butter smoothie or strawberry smoothie?!
Clarkson does some work in it. It also has the Top Gear test track. Its so solid.
Needs dramamine to work on excel with
Got it... Thanks guys... Productivity down to zero as I peruse the thinkgeek catalog... >8-]
Make the best of it..
“: The more offensive the language, the more insecure you know the speaker is.” So true.
It was great, just wish they could have done the entire number, but it was wonderful. Fit into their storyline well.
lack talent and effort. That's a bad combination.
this time...typo
I can't make it out tonight so I'm goin to make it up to you tomorrow in the form of hot Italian beef for lunch. I drive, my treat!
Just ordered Turbo Fire! Can't wait!
check your top secret email!
laptop is on suicide watch.
Oh yes, go Hawks.
It's easy not to spend too much on a fun Saturday night! Text the message "PURA" to 99158 and we'll text you a discount pass by 7pm on Sat.
SINGING THE BEST SONG EVER, BEST SONG EVER.
Too hipster to layer a v-neck with a regular t-shirt? Or just plain unfashion... ahh, f'ck, it's Seattle.
Peace Toona. It's been real
We serenade the Wonky truck twice weekly during practice (we share a common landlord, it seems). Think we could make the playlist?
Reject pro bono offers from these professions: kids birthday clown, database admin, sushi chef.
Let the NFL playoff season begin! My favorite time of year! Foster is already helping my playoff fantasy team.
Outback with the big broder ❤
Nice to see us gold package ticket holders getting a bears game.
KNOWLEDGE is POWER!! & trust me, wHaT i kNoW wiLL HURT yOu....!!!
to where
Want to win a romantic getaway to Paris? Every time you refer a friend at EWC, you automatically enter to win in this amazing sweepstakes!
Really can not wait to get home and #snuggle up with and our pooch Prince Ali
Birthday, fablab, the cape, cambridge, worcester?
Wish I could have come! Family commitment - the hazards of conference being local!
#playoffbeards are piss poor at the Houston/ Philly game. and know how to bring it.
“Thou wilt find rest from vain fancies if thou doest every act in life as though it were thy last. -Aristotle” think he's sayin yolo?
hey ! :) how are you ? Could you please follow us ? :)
Different style when she met him
Hey!! How's it going?
Don't you hate it when they say "I don't watch TV"
Google music beta!!! Freaking awesome. I pretty much have no need for my ipod at this point!
ready to kill a bitch?
All in cost of full-time direct care RN is on average $98K per year
Each client has the ability to customize the linking priority to favor linking to one platform over another
Q2: So is this annual survey given out to assess how well the library is serving its patrons?
Actually, that's Kool Keith's line from UltraMagnetic MC's. Song is "Ease Back".
I heavily regret not sticking with playing a real instrument. I hope most of you can play SOMETHING besides a QWERTY keyboard.
up late listening to
Ready for a great tan without the harmful UV rays from the sun/tanning beds?! Give us a call 2 set up an appt 4 a sunless glow!
I got an email, but still no sign of it in my twitter app. They are getting there! Lol!
I'll never forget the day I saw a grown man pee on a stop sign in the Great Escapes Theater parking lot.
It's cool, Fredrick & Whitney bandaged me up good!
Also thank you to for getting it all running and making social media work so awesome!
~ Thank you for the Follow, Will follow back soon!
I have a kitty and I could be ya friend c: RT : I JUST WANT A FUCKING KITTEN AND A FRIEND TO TALK TO
can't concentrate for shit after this shitty morning
LA Sports Massage will be Here Tonight Have an ache or pain? We'll be massaging from 6 to 9pm. Come get fixed!
RT MT :Consider this-donate $, not canned goods. Orgs can purchase healthy & fresh foods @ fraction of cost h…
Please come out and support our Wellness Center May 4th in our efforts to reach as many children and families as possible
Just heard a potential 4-team NCAA football playoff may happen 2014. Do you like the idea of a playoff format for NCAA football?
new vid dropping soon... #cantwait #BeezInTheTrapVideo I feel like it is Christmas... Lol
discover???? Ahahah isn't that like the discover channel. That's to smart for me ahaha
you told me that you love me....was this a cruel joke?
Thanks so much for the RT!
Woo Hoo! RT : : Had a great time with you at the #TCDStudios launch party honey! Luv ya much and onward we shall go!!
RT": Its always good to catch up with old Girlfriends :)"
Fuckin outta it right now.
Be Unique. Be Yourself. Be Beautiful.
with that, I NEED JAVASCRIPT HELP. SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE.
Sweet shout-out in TC (:
seriously killed it!! crazy where the fuck is everyone well thanks for playing for me and my friends :)
can we please get a Lin put da team on his back video?
great reconnecting! RT : The team enjoyed its return visit to yesterday!
So I heard that I was the talk of the town today in school. lmao
Today might be the worst day ever. Bank cause I lost my debit card, advanced to get new headlight bulbs, then work #yay -_-
On the last 500 miles of an epic roadtrip. Just saw a sign for the Texas Restroom Hall of Fame.
Great Empire Strikes Back reference to make a goodpoint. Where would the world be without Star Wars and Muppets?
I LOVE GAY DUDES. They keep it one hunnit all the fucking time
that'd be legit lol but no, I'm not excited 👎lol jk 😉
Waking up= not my favorite thing to do.
Thank you so much for sharing the petition and for ur support! :)
Yes Haley, accept that you just got denied lol
G knoll PP z MGM mil E ok
How bout that guy up in GB whose team is 12-0?!?
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
KILL THESE ASSHOLES
Same shit , different night .
Songs i listen to when me nd him broke up.... Overboard-jb so sick-neyo P.S im still not over you-rihanna hate how much i love you& far away
I work so much til when I hv down time , I feel as if I don't hv a life :(
Gotta love family guy :D
week two of #paleodiet almost complete. I have never felt better. I can't wait to see myself in a few weeks…#paleo is for me!
I just buy the song ..!!
Why?when my team is out the Playoffs? why are so many Bulls fans haters and not willing to cheer other teams after our loss?
I wish you guys would hurry up on that new check deposit functionality so I can get rid of my fee hungry brick and mortar bank!
I don't blame you at all. That's why I have two blogs, so my friends can still follow me and not hate the world.
I hate when a fun night turns out terrible.
AWESOME!! Thanks Brian,can't wait!!! RT I'm going to bring a team of UDub students!
Well, that's 3 pretty bad wrecks in 3 weeks directly outside Humphreys.
Free computer classes at the Freemont Happy Hamster Computers location. Share with your friends and family.
nah. he doesnt seem tender. tender isnt the word I'd use at all. That man seems like there is nothing but passion in him.
just enjoyin the weather..
Alan Kay: "Who discovered water? It wasn't fish." Lots of cool aphorisms today regarding thinking outside the box.
Hey , said hello. I just missed you on your way out. Thanks for the 'bossy pants' #RealEstate insight tonight.
Thanks for the mention, RT : #FF Places That Fuel Lyrics:
Love the system down message from my hosted ILS vendor: We are experiencing disturbance in the service.
Per , Berry's coach said he did not plan to verbal but it "felt right."
I'm back everyone. :)
Readiness is all.
5 inches of snow?! Looks Arctic outside! Folks should feel right at home, but I think tangerine penguins are summer birds
Follow tonymaccc on instagram, he follows back!
Hey, you're so hot! Thanks for taking pics and hanging out with us on Tuesday! It was really sweet! I hope you got my letter(:
Correct everyone! the man who was threatened w/guns lost the $70,000 & had 13 yrs of trials & received $0 even though he won his case
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.-Maya Angelou
Weekend #Costco shoppers are ruthless when it comes to grabbing samples. Manners don't apply.
Dont know what to do anymore....
Omg, so big.
Your talkin my language :). Fav bands Rage ATM, Cafe Tacuba, and all the old classics. I'm in SF, up here?
Working on our new show, Without Which Nothing, this week. Good stuff is in the works. www.outofhandtheater.com
Well deserved, Adele, & 'the best producer in the world'!
More like #SomeoneIsAwesome !
I am a stubborn ass bitch. And I get mad easily. So what!
#3WordsOfAdvice try new things.
You're welcome! :0)
Not sure what to do.... But Ariel says I have to take more risks
A.M. Cardio and Workout done! Round 2 up next!!!!
It's amazing in what a little time can be accomplished and spread regarding ones ideas. What may be obvious to you is not obvious to everyon
Biggest Grammy mistake: giving Civil Wars ONLY 60 seconds... That alone has them # 8 album in iTunes right now!!! Love them.
some guard jumped her bones!!! Nasty
You take away the pain I thank you for that, and when I get the chance I'll pay you back - Mac Miller
Maybe a shoeshine guy that lives in Madison?? Willing to travel to the dells for two days?
I try to be in the room to ask uncomfortable questions when that is the agenda... but this, this is something else.
the fact that our senior class really "protested" today !!!! lol
Day one of Oceanside training - 2 hour ride. Time to get my FIT on!
you're an animal
followers needed! can someone help me gain followers? I might DM to follow you...
I want to get back in bed and cuddle! 😔💤
NoonEastern.RT : There should be watch parties for today's Politics Hour.ITS THAT GOOD PEOPLE.
Gurl nt me and im bored af need to be sleep tho
Watched a few videos on YouTube channel. Interesting stuff...but curious about their business model???
My favorite freestyling delegates are going to be throwing a barbecue today. Life just doesn't get better than Annapolis.
Happy Hour All NIGHT LONG 25 CENT WINGS !!!! $5 HURRICANES, $ 3 BUD AND CORONA
I think we just wrote a new song. Need to map it out.
thanks for the nice article :) we appreciate it!
Voted for your fine and sensitive photos and portraits from around the world. Keep up the great work!
Coffee is super exciting! It's all I drink, aside from beer and red wine.
Hey homey....
Get your laugh on with the Texan comedian Bob Biggerstaff at the Improv Comedy Club for their BEST OF HOUSTON showcase
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
people block me yet i haven't done anything to them....WTF?
lol. Youre crazy. I miss you too!!
What's your favorite thing to do in Lincoln Park?
she's here! 9lbs 1oz! So much black hair!
I kno lol noel & I buy the 20pack horror movie DVDs at walmart and watch on our projector lol
Its like all the good things, they fall apart like Marilyn Monroe.
RT Hopefully Shawn Roberts and some Kred Crew too! Thanks Andrew RT #Toolschat Wed 10pm EST talking
Finley!!!! is a flat out BEAST!!! Start setting aside Gonzalez and Sharp's records. They r getting broken!
Yes! I'll be at In fact, Francesco is a judge in the Mionetto Mixology competition.
Obviously i really need to get in this car nd drive away... I atleast deserve 1 weekend away from you!
Yeah, here I am pushing vocabulary persistence and preservation, but as the archivists remind us, not all can/should be saved …
Damn it now I want Pizza you assholes. And it's not on my CrossFit Diet lol. No bread/carbs.
My drug of choice. w
Only a few days left for Free Breakfast Month. Today's free item: sausage biscuit.
I use earthquakes to mix my milkshake!
alright man
"Your words predict your harvest because your words are the seed for the future." John Di Lemme
Hello Gabrielle looking nice..
wanted you to win at first. But then I saw what everyone else say you in you.
That was an exciting 1st half of football between Notre Dame and Florida St. Can only hope we get more of the same in the 2nd.
No, the Marve-Donald thing is just the most hilarious of your misses. Why the unprovoked attack on Jesse?
Dinah Lenney - We tell ourselves stories to live. Art and life illuminate each other
I might or might not be eating my dinner out of the pot I cooked it in...
“: Good things happen to those who wait...”
Mary Fogarty speaks on musical taste and dance. Demonstrates dancing in, not on, the beat in breaking.
Just finished watching the Glee 3D with the best Head RAs and Supervisor ever. This is a great way to start my Senior year off. :-)
Being in love with somebody who loves somebody else is the worst feeling ever </3
YW! John is good and yourself? Have a good break?
Braxton... Risky toss. AMAZING grab by Fields. #GoBucks!
I didn't know - those pies are always worth it. :)
Omg. I'm sitting at the dinner table with richard mayhew!
And now I know what lightning sounds like when it impacts several blocks away: Terrifying as hell
I'm reading 'Revolver' in print and listening to 'Hatchet'. It's going to be a good week for
Yeah, that's what it sounded like. I was wondering why they had it
and started saying, “We’re 100% ministry, 100% Business, 100% of the time"
he's gonna have to compete to get this sexy beast c;
"The concert coming in from DC, where is that?" Do you know the name of the show, sir?
Jose "I Need New Jamstrings" Reyes leading off.
they have contracted me. made offer. waiting to see if it comes true
and yes, totally screwing with you re fat junkie. Lol
90%: That’s the percentage of doctor’s visits that may be attributable to stress, according to the American Institute of Stress.
ha!! That is priceless. I love a good dog show too!
Pearl-cat most likely has food allergies. Now cats are eating Duck and Green Pea food. Why not Filet Mignon and Asparagus formula?
What was wet yesterday is frozen today! HCMC fixing lots of broken bones from falling on the ice -- be careful out there!
thank you for giving a great keynote ! Attended over the computer, but sang along from home :)
wish i were off work!!
hit us up to if interested thanks
I love you too babe :D I'll go over after work!
Minus the Godwin's Law IRL, a few interesting points from Hill. Still waiting for the new new that we expect from TED events
okay amberiss I'm going to bed now!!!
Hi. I'm ians wife.
has more followers than i do . And she's a baby . Lovely .
Granderson doubles and moves Jones to 3rd!
Come to #LadiesNight at Anchor Bar in #Tampa. Dont forget #Happy Hour $1 Domestic Mugs and $3 Well drinks
RT : Q8 Be genuine but dont talk their ear off, answer the question fully, but leave the tangents for later conversations.
O MY I'M THE WORST FRIEND EVER.
ain't that the truth! #rightbackatcha ;)
I wish I had up to 500 folowers by the next hour
Lest we forget, teenage girls are totally stupid!
U know what rly sucks? I think i would be dating my crush by now if i wouldnt have seen his txt til the next day he sent it. Hml -___-
My mother and I are certainly seeing things differently today
Congrats to for winning #94labshack! Gutflap won second place and team National and Classroom Catalyst tied for third.
Lunch is a time of recuperation now. It's nice to get out of the building for a bit, so I can hear myself think.
LMFAO that's the same shit I just said
First piece of advice- change your avatar to one of your awesome headshots!
You're welcome. Love Austin Powers!
another great year of fiesta coming to a close today. until next year.
Text to Donate! Text BCRocks followed by a space and the amount you wish to donate! :) Text to the number: 27138 #weloveyoursupport!
Waiting for food n wondering why it's 9O degrees out
I just took what was perhaps the best nap ever taken by man or machine.
One day this week or next I need to see project x
you made me read that, but I still like you. Funny how they're pretending it was stupid on purpose
Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertain - ♥.
ツ “The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.”—Michael Altshuler
Tonights one of those "theres too damn much on tv" nights.
...whatever, I'll be in Monaco.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly. --Marcus Aurelius
A filling Brunch at and football!!
Youre such a bully... RT : Feeling bad that is suffering through snow and cold weather in Denver....hahaha!!!!
Isn't one pussy enough for you man? I know you're almost 21 and all, but that doesn't mean you should double down. :D :D :D
Don't play games with a girl who can play better.
#DearWhitney We All Love You And Miss You <3 #favoritewhitneysong I Will Always Love You <3 R.I.P Whitney Houston <3
Shopping for Business Casual clothes on April Fools = The ultimate joke.
at first glance I thought looked dapper, but now I think he looks like he belongs in a wax museum.
Maybe it's like the old subway club card. Spend $25 grand and they'll throw in an iPad!
RT : Play is so important~ it's the place where children integrate new skills.
>.< well text him and tell him i said , chupar un chode y ahogarse, pero no escupir
How many times did we watch that Fear videotape and sing along to Wild Horses??
nice, same here
Your work is absolutely amazing! Thanks for creating our videos!
Feels so weird to be home right now.
When my mom tries to take away my COD < -.-
#WhyDoIAlways Fall For The Wrong Person...
both of you know my extreme crush on Tina Fey, quit playing games with my heart (before you tear it apart)
“: The NEW 3R's: Reputation, Repeat Business and Re-Tweeting. Gitomer”
You're a gorgeous girl & dont let anyone tell u otherwise. Any guy would be lucky to have you. #TeamSadie all the way.<3
fair enough
It's sad if the only thing that motivates people is getting high or drunk all the time.
Love it! RT : When you send out positive energy, positive people come back to you.
From the north the calm winds blow; Softly, the song echoes across our sky...
He must be like twenty there. Cuttttteeeeeiiiiiieeeeee.
Damn niggas get on the roads, in get ghost tho
I'm morally opposed to abortion, but I stand with planned parenthood as a matter of pragmatism... Imagine the abortion rate w/o PP.
what what what? lmfao
Christmas break <3
So uh whatcha doing later?
Imma miss track
Are you trying to think of something creative?
Fantastic! Hope you enjoy. :) RT : 1st year I can attend theatre prom aka
Greatness is a habit, not a once in awhile occurance. ~No excuses make it happen
thank you for the follow!
Thank you so much Drea. Heaven is currently smiling on me :-)
would have stronger case about not pre-empting if they didn't pre-empt for other sports already
i feel like naming one of my grandma's babies carl and give him to
I don't know which photo...but may be!
theres a wall thats blocking me from loving others so i push you away but the #1 thing i want in life is too be Loved
RT : TODAY at 9:50 a.m. ET.: Real Estate Analyst Buck Horne will appear on CNBC to discuss the housing market.
ooh invite her too! also we're now the , so update yer links!
I know. I mean thank you! I mean, I know! I am amazed.
i might use that one on here and the otherone on my other account!
nice to know. I don't think I see the interface you see, but I love that you're noticing these things now.
that's what my mom would do lol:)
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Beauty and the Beast
Another one bites the pillow and the dust. Good night my latest victim of Darwinian, Twitter-lution.
We hope everyone is finding the #facebookwebinar useful so far. Keep the tweets to coming!
let's set a date!
Who is everyone voting for on #AmericanIdol tonight?
Welcome to #Indy ! We have an all-you-can-eat #Italian American buffet downtown if you are looking for a place to dine for lunch.
out of school, first day wasn't bad at all. Gonna work hard because this year is gonna be tough.
I was thinking that was Hootie's old roommate for a minute...Bryan Malarkey. How's San Diego?
RT :LeBron's "people" approached ESPN, not the other way arnd.Proceeds-dont know how much-will go 2 Boys & Girls Club of America.
i think its funny dat ppl has asthma ion kno y
Failure to adapt=failure to survive
hey do u know a stink boma went on in minnesota
hello! Who can I get in touch with at your org regarding marketing partnerships? Thanks!
Haha my bro just got pulled ovr on his motorcycle :D loll
Great Easter. Ate candy, #yolo boarding, long boarding, jogging, swimming, and watched Bad Teacher. Pretty Productive day.
psssh. Who uses MySpace any more?
my apartment is officially wireless! i feel so tech savy hahaha
wow thats pretty bad! Ha
oh you know, just some music you might really like :)
Let's kick some butt today, ; don't let this be the final game!
Dance Moms Miami tonight(:
What's up wit this "I'm just sayin" sxht
RT : Two shows. One check. >> Can't put a price on my jacket/thermos combo.
Where u be at
10 days to go!!!
demand demands
Wonder if Obama will announce that he is "for" smoking next...??
added nearly 500 room nights to #heweb12 room block at Hilton Milwaukee. room to grow! are you going to #heweb12?
Girls are like phones. they love to be held, talked to but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
Jam session in the car with k ross and Life couldn't be better:).
Now that I got the Fame Update...this Ohio girl is hitting the sheets. :) #youcanjoin #didIsaythat ;)
Whats some really funny youtube videos!?! Tweet or message me!
Well, I did bring bagels and Munchkins to my capping class, and Journalism II is having a potluck sort of thing today…
lol wonderful :) I'm getting yelled at :p
come on monty, my shoes its like a green card here in the USA lol !!!
why u so sad
Over at The Robert Erness Band will be performing LIVE from 7-10pm TONIGHT.
how loves you is the most adorable thing ever <3
Happy Leap Day! We only get to say that once ever 4 years!
Q. What do Disney World & Viagra have in common? A. They both make you wait an hour for a two minute ride.
starships were meant to fly..
Check out my profile pic! The new Vikings motion picture: "Gone, Baby Gone! The Firing of Brad Childress" #vikings, #firechildress,
Wow. Beauty Bar was SO FUN. THANK YOU.
“The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.” - Thich Nhat Hanh
I shouldn't love you, but I want to, I can't walk away. I shouldn't see you, but I need to, I just can't look away.
Despite sleeping for most of the day, grading is practically done. Zero words written though.
relaxed already.
155?? Or 170?? Just when I "thought" I made up my mind... lolz I'm gonna sleep on it.. blessing everyone
left a little while ago, just had the porter and took off, a long week ahead. i'll be out at most events this week...
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Kwanza. May this season bring you everything you wish for.
FWD: : #MM some of my fav #music peeps
The problem with eating like an athlete when you're working hard is that thinking doesn't burn any calories.
Miss you too, Vicky! Are you still on Facebook?
"Tread carefully among the blues/The blues can be mean" -Keorapetse Kgositsile poem
looks like I owe you some money
Anyone know a cheap/quick taylor in the mid-city (NP, UH, HC, GH) area? I need some pants altered before Wednesday.
Well, things turned in a hurry. Aces down by 7 at the half, 34-27.
Omw to this sweet with , momma, and pops.
Good morning to you, too.
Ima proud employee of Walmart
Get enough sleep or catch a big spider? Clearly not the first one...
was OG good?
Saying goodbye is always the hardest....I prefer a see you later...but even that is going to be painful
Kenya said my Avi cute....it's her x Cibriaa lol.
i need to take a bus to Boyd, fill it up with women, and dump it over here so i can atleast look at something other than gangs in this hall
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
‎... had a great time on stage at the acud jam tonight! me likey berlin!
Get me home....
There's this one realty company I am severely sketched out by. Yelp confirms this.
Good to know Thx! RT : Kravet has a lush line of outdoor upholstery fabrics.
Congrats on your YAA win Brock. A well deserved award for your work on THE MIDDLE.
Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality.
Everything is better when paired with a glass of bubbly. Thanks,
Gym > school
Are small wineries going to have online presence? sites are 10 yrs. behind
awesome! thanks :D
Very true! You would never say that to lady Chris, too gentlemanly
any hairstyle the boys will always be sex gods k
Met the first officer – Mr. Murdoch today. I asked if he could show me the bridge, and he said maybe tomorrow. We’ll see.
He said, compared to where hes from, it cant be that bad.
At least that's how I think it could've been. Just a thought on a late, rainy Seattle night.
the end of june! thinks she is going to win the "prize". Love seeing all the new friends.
No Jobs dropped out of Reed College - ask
Seriously D?!?! Looks like #TebowTime has to start before the 4th quarter...
but no actually, i love TSSF.. soo
you're going to DC ! uugghh i just came back to NY from DC...maybe i can persuade my parents to bring me ! ahaha not happening
i'm addicted to sex.
Q: Why is it good that accordionists have a half-ounce more brains than horses?A: So they don't disgrace themselves in parades.
I've been fantastic! How are you?
Please! someone tell me! was that girl interviewing Courtney Stodden on this vh1 countdown being facetious?
remember when u shot Kenny Rogers? That was awesome
~Excited for Dinas Party premiering on HGTV in Canada...Finally!!
Hey you force people to choose between you and , guess who they are going to choose?
Omgg I left her clipper card and her ID so I gotta go back tomorrow to look for it
Visit our booth 5672 #CTIAW12 May 8-10th. Ask us about our Ready to Win Solution!
There is a server in 's empire that has put my browser in a JS-induced haze, stalling it. The server's name is "ganja." How fitting.
“: Great time with fam slowly you realize that it's really all that matters"
So incredible! Eat and drink lots for me :) RT : My suitcases are packed for Spain!!!!!!!!!! ¡Olé!
Can anyone explain to me the Ichiro Jones thing?
Did you know?! " The first typewriter was called the "literary piano" YOU'RE WELCOME!
have so many emails in my inbox flagged as To Do items that the whole left column looks red. brb curled in a fetal position under my desk.
no jokes.
NEW TRACK ON THE PAGE FT.RAW DOGG POP6 AND YOUNG MURDER
I love that it's 8 and it feels like 6
Sounds like fun!! RT : I'm at fire school graduation... Lol I feel like grandma fa real
Told At School In Sciencee We Got A Star Fish and I Named It Niall Jr. (;
Holiday study session with five other grad students. Actually four, since Kirstine just got upgraded to Lecturer™.
400! Wow. Awesome. Ms Conaway is number 400!!! Thanks.
Dudes be quick to tell the guy code just to get some pussy.. and you think that's a loyal man..
LOVE ME OR DIE <3
Pioneer Introduces Its Most Powerful Internal BDXL/BD/DVD/CD Recordable Drive - MarketWatch (press release)
drivin benz's wit no benifits.
Just saw some #atx hipsters hop in their Hummer. Can they do that? Disclosure: mom owns one. mid-life crisis
every1 add she's so disney. sweeter than any disney girl u can think of add her be4 she becomes too famous1 she follows bk
I like it when girls have a piercing between their fingers before they starfuck me.
please follow!
Wooden chopsticks are much easier but we also have beginner training chopsticks for small kids.
My 1st social media platform was LI. Still to this day the best business arm for professionals
The iPad Split Keyboard has invisible keys for T, G, V on the left and Y, H, B on the right to support alternate typing styles
I AM
You'll find me doing squats while putting on mascara.
thank you !
Um, yes.
i did my verse and the hook over...shit goes so hard lmao..
Sounds amazing! Must be fun singing in so many place in your hometown.
Watching people on a chat. aka Moderating :-)
Bt everything is a lesson learned
#top10lies: #of course i didnt say that what you talkin bout
Just chatted with friends in #Scotland on Facebook. Love that aspect of #social #media!
Thank you Bud!! (www.RaidoftheRainbowLounge)
Some people need to be hugged more often.
Got a new skateboard  now I have a green one and a blue one!
Park Presidio moving faster than ever out of the city. But coming in from GG bridge looks like a nightmare.
saturday Night Live its a show on Saturday nought that very Funn with musical guest and a host
I hope he continues his form in the Europa league next season. He was awesome for us in the Europa League
Its not out as a book yet, but I'd love to get a review of my online series, The Trivium Proportion. maybe again for the book
RT : So all of a sudden Obama is a Federalist?
More than you'll ever know
I'm buying ou an ac for your birthday... earlier this month..
Baseball game tomorrow with and Madison! ⚾😊
We just wanted to thank you all so much for the love and support. New freebie for FRIDAY the 13th in conjunction w/
RT : "Often the most easily offended are the least invested" - Pastor
GT Events is looking for great staffers nationwide! DM us for more info!
I love salads in the summer. What is your favorite?
a boy can dream..
#ATX - Check the PANCAKES & BOOZE Fest this Friday at Elysium, Featuring 75 Artists...including some people you may know...
Loves Paul Rudd!!
Addendum to rules... turn out the lights the party is over must be played.
Watching some boring stuff. so lame!
If she doesn't have one already, hair care deal for Viola Davis stat
I sent them out to you today :)
Smdh so this old ass man just tried to talk to me..
an appropriate response - when i see said missives i think it must be the person's job 2tweet and i generally feel bad for them
hi why arent you talking
Happy Super Bowl Sunday! Best of luck to my #pats today
What is up with the Heat?
Dear NFL network: Please stop showing the same commercials!
i changed my username lmfao.
Nick Young would have shot 1-for-11 for the Wizards. Lights it up for Clippers. Crazy game.
Got to do work, so I can enjoy my moms cooking!
I think it's time for my christmas tunes to make a come back. XD
I met you in Chicago and in Florida after the Mardi Gras float. Do you remember?
I have a instagram(:
Ugh, don't care where he goes, will be my favorite. #gaytweet #18forever&always
Kicking it with in Flo Town!
I just picked up all the little cat toys to vacuum and Lucy keeps taking them back out
Red wine, cheeses with jam & cuban cigars on the patio...
Never been a Spurs fan, but gotta say that I'm pulling for them now. Great to see that you'll be heading to the Olympics too.
Hi Carolyn, hope you had a good holiday. Where are you gonna teach and what?
Gottlieb: Turns out Rizzo actually made $1.5m when included cashed-out benefits.
"Spare me your judgements and spare me your dreams -But I will hold on I will hold on hope.....
You know, if George Lucas would put even a quarter of his efforts into fixing "Howard the Duck" we wouldn't be in this mess.
Wow. Another RB and now Mallett. Belichick must have some free agent deals with some DE's in his back pocket to draft like this
Lust is easy. Love is hard. Like is most important. ~Carl Reiner
What the...a LOBO movie is happening?!
“: your boys quin and reed are adorable, love that show” My favorite show. Wait until you see Season 5 Episode 12!
He don't even know how to use all of its features
What if the Pens were to trade for him? RT : my hate for hartnell exceeds all other hate in the world.
ew. i wonder what ALA has to say about this?
Had a fabulous day hanging with in
Are you still in HK now? watched your vid, just thought you should be an actress, work for TVB.com, you are a very talent girl.
I'd like mine in a Frapucinno,please.
i think i love you
"#Sagittarius are missing the brain to mouth filter. They sometimes say things that are better left unsaid." MY SISTER OMF YES
So walk up to him and be like "YOU KNOWWW...you look like Vinny." and then just walk away, aha.
You're welcome!
we're switching online retailers, so let me track down the easiest way. Going straight through us can work in the meantime :)
Ok so there are two guys showering in the community bathrooms. But one is explaining physics to the other one.
Had a great time at the US launch party in SF! I have to say, SF is more fun to party with than Hollywood.
AHH! Not just 4 thousand, but I got 4 thousand & ONE follower! This is a good day for me. :D I'm going to treat myself to a tasty cake! :P
yeah c'mon!! We're listening to your skrillexx remix right now!! Fukn badass!!!
i'm a black ginger...
Spending this Labor Day working through my inbox - sadly, even making it to inbox 19 has been an achievement.
on joining Katten: Have an innovative & practical approach to helping clients accomplish their goals & are expanding globally
Researching 1993 legislation related to the demise of the career ladder system for teachers. Can't believe how fascinating this is.
Jamming to Alice Cooper
Atlanta Food & Wine Festival was great. Met so many great industry experts and leaders.
RT : me too? Ha! // That totally made me laugh! I know you'll find the best way for you to change the world.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. ~ Edgar Allan Poe
i think i was pleasantly surprised, but oh man i kept thinking about how i would have done it
aw thanks! :)
we would love nothing more! Thanks for the suggestion! ;)
thats good to know!
gotta think Jenkins, Colledge will each warrant a 4th in compensatory picks, although Colledge might only get a 5th. Thoughts?
Hello Austin!
#wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: make sure your comment is actually relevant, and add the post specific url to the url field.
I'm pretty chill.
Loving the premiere of #Kathy tonight on - you should be all watching this!
I'm here and its amazing
Want beats headphones #now!
La Cofradia will be closed on Monday, July 4 th in observance of Independence Day.
don't fear. I also fall into this category
I definitely think things go personal way too often in every single aspect of life. But, sometimes people call me cold.
Kenneth Crane
Thanks for the retweet!
not exactly how i planned my day going...but imma gonna sleep good tonight ya'll!
Admissions team Becky and Alicia recruiting for London programmes in Providence RI today.
submission's on the way today. Excited about the new cut. Picture's getting close. Score's sounding great.
Sure, as long as i can come out.
