:O What if toured with
sad day
Dipping my toe into the twitter universe. Or is it better to jump in? One, two, three - here I go!
Gotta love that feeling! RT : There is an old school station on at the office. I feel like I am back in junior high :)
is that back on???!!! I have to wait until Monica leaves to watch Shark men and Tuna Wranglers. #secondtosopranos?
DJ Cyn Spin for now on Thursday's at The MotherLoaded Tavern!! Tonight music starts at 9:30pm! Come get Crazy!! Holla
You mean by parents? MT Neuroscience shows adolescent brain is still developing. Should influence the sentencing of juveniles?
Worst part about the Scary Cow Film Festival? I couldn't play with my new smart phone.
If you had a chopper in the car, the bus would be the least of your worries.
I like it! Thanks, Michael.
It should be noted, using the men's bathroom should be reserved only for females who wizz faster than men. You know who you are.
hey beautiful. Hope the day is goin well ;)
can you be a lil more optimistic please ,haha
I like to see what's happening on all of them (media OCD). I'm not even watching anyway
nice shot
Drinking zenith in an empty 424 with Roy and Alisher. Love this place and these people so much.
Working late revising the script to reflect the ACTUAL LOCATION: Exciting, frustrating, challenging.
We are reliving our first date.
Interview for MCC then camping with my best friends! :)
The end of "Mercy, Mercy Me," always trips me up.
Got some new ink yeah its official I'm an addict but tattoos are the best drugs
Tested a new locator map in Mexico - went to enter a city, first that came to mind was Juarez. (Looking down, shaking head.)
I should be taking advantage of this gorgeous day, but way too tired after dancing the night away at the Brants most spectacular wedding!
Baby lemme put my body on your body. Promise not to tell nobody cuz It's bout to go down.
Yay!! In-house attendees!
haha we got arch bishop curtiss
my mommy is mad cuz im dressing up as a MALE performer....Ozzy Osbourne! (:
kcsirochman: #sla2010 please DM me if you know how to search for specific sessions-really wish someone would organize them
Man, I hope the USA can come back and win the Ryder Cup. I am tired of watching Ian Poulter face and Fist pump .
Just followed! Checking it out online. Thnx!
I had my homework out for 3 hours already but still haven't started reading. Where's my motivation?!
Testing microfilm and film to determine vinegar syndrome levels today. Happy to do #archives work, but dreading the outcome.
Lessons learned #3: Sweat the small stuff: clarity/commitment with buyers re volume, delivery, good driver/staff training.
how do you do these tricks with out fall of your skateboad
that was a signature tune. Though I'm glad you know Nyro at all.
Want to make a deal at #RECon12? Use the hashtag #REConDeal & will help spread the word!
Doesn't change the fact that a pitcher can look at it and think "I did alright." Very important for a guy like Buchholz.
Can you give us one final parade day forecast? Then you need to warm up your candy throwing arm!
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz? Write a marketing plan w/a budget 4 the year. Avoid surprise mktg costs.
for the lick lmmfao them busted hoes
Hey you need to wake up. is the best sport in the world.
a) you're my zone bud b) there's not a single table here c) but Kim is!!! Get excited.. See you soon 😁
August 27th! Details soon! Hope to see you there!
#BoardwalkEmpire was AMAZING last night! Didn't think they could top last week. Absolutely brilliant! Still disturbed by the Oedipal scenes
I Know You Dont Smoke, But Ima Get You High Today ! Cause It's Friday, You Ain't Got No Job & You Ain't Got Shit To Do Lmfao
RT if your name starts with Alex *cough* *cough* (;
looks amazing tonight!!!
...But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and it’s fuckin’ awesome" -CG
Live, no doubt. It translates to a big stage like this better than any other brand of hip-hop.
Hey stoned one...
Might be one of the dumbest things I've ever heard. Based on absolutely no science whatsoever. Just Ken's theory...nothing else.
Craving for some subway
thanks for staying true to your gift!
You gotta start cheering for the home team. Miss you!!!
Do more than is required of you. -George S. Patton
is chill ill tell you later in private haha
I just finished writing my cousin's obituary and it has me thinking of my own mortality and the legacy I want to leave behind
Watch a highlight video from American University's 126th #commencement. Congrats to the Class of 2012!
Nugget Nectar is keeping me happy during this Penguins game
I've been using Dropbox for a couple of years now. Unless something comes along and just destroys it I'll stick by its side.
Yeah!It's like 5:00AM and I can't even sleep! Oh, and I saw Kendall and Kylie Jenner when I was going home from Wango Tango
My mothers hugs consist of falling on top of me with arms wide open.
I admire his evasive genius, though. He seems to be able to avoid every tough question in every interview.
Not sure it was the fans' emotions that were a big part of this trade...
To earn money from home freelance skills are required as writing, designing and many more
From : Great blog post on visual identity.
Chris Sale is a starter again and Hector Santiago is pitching in the ninth. Last week was all a figment of your imagination.
Great lunch Chicken toes, onion rings, and Troegenator are the way to go!
What is your folder?
Sunday nights suck.
Eighteen days until I have to leave Paris.
Grinds gone be on double time in 2012. No lookin back
takes one to know one. #jk #kindanottho maybe she will get ur hops.
i like your closing words for your double moab haha
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 27
so incredibly bummed that I will not be seeing you!! Hopefully soon!!! ❤
SO MANY CUTE/HOT COLLEGE GUYS AT UC DAVIS!!!! :D
yeah. On my way.
Listening to "What I Do (Just Like That) / Young Jeezy" in Thump Mix
agreed! And so commercial innovation AND more #spectrum both necessary. Not an either or issue...
Uh art. Im in college
While a somewhat rhetorical question, we have folks in both camps: those keen quash the new: how many hrs/wk are you ready to "tolerate."
listening 2 "Never Would Have Made It" this morn - "And I was at a Crossroads at that red light, trying to get my head right"
I'm glad I followed. You're amazingly cute. I like it, but you cannot top all the boys in 1D. Sorry, Love. xx
Sign Up for Spinning at 5pm & 7pm Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND, class start's at 6:00pm and a Second Class at 8pm...
Correct! Please DM us your name, e-mail address & where you are applying to redeem your prize.
moved to my hometown of Chicago in January! Hope u r enjoying the Windy City!
i have a story to further gross you out ..but i think you've had enough lol
RT : Plan all the way to the end.
Are you a documentary enthusiast? Stay tuned for info about our Titanic-themed documentaries playing during centennial week.
Thank you for the retweet!
no way! Wanna help me on it?? Haha
How you doing dirt but claiming to be fresh...
hahahaha! You succeed!
Me and went to the same high school! HARBORFIELDS REPING IT!
glad u liked!
"WHY" are you in buisness?
Ok im really up now
Next we bout to have it the fuck up for my girl !!!!!!! Bday Capricorns alday..........
it's just red
Happy Monday!!!! Hope you are doing well!
Something are just too good to be true.
LG Duffy, active on school performance/leadership issues while #ROC mayor, calls Vargas "a wonderful man" and "consummate professional"
Pop Lock and Drop It.
RT I imagine the phrase " me so I can you" is being used alot tonight at
I'm not saying I want it all, I'd just be happy with the little things
Sitting with the Board of Directors, planning the year for #Michigan's future
Oh but it's better than here :)
personally, I think sport ticket prices are going to have to drop over the coming years. too expensive.
I love my Mama. Just got her Mother's Day present. <3
It's still there.....just inconsistencies and allowing big plays is killen em...plus its a road game, those are never easy
Would love to talk PR with you for (CC: ).
oh yeah I'm sure it is, I hear they are pretty hardcore down there
In a presentation- Loving the social media world!
- You have one ticket held for you at the box office :)
I’m not shy. I’m just holding back my awesomeness so I won’t intimidate you.
I don't see RG3 in the playoffs on the Redskins, but a healthy Bears team definitely has a solid chance.
I love arguing with T-mobile about accidental charges on the bill. -__-
Also, some awards, like the Newbery.
Studies have shown that seniors thrive more when living in their own home than in a nursing home
I know what ur thinking michael, no she's not going to Vegas lol.
In Baltimore for a v brief - maybe too brief - visit.
LAST NIGHTS DEBUT WAS CRAZY FUN!! TODAY LIVE IN THE MIX AT OLGC CHURCH FESTIVAL!!!
Still waiting for that phone call from HURRY! ;)
DEFINITELY! : Federal Center SW wants some cupcake love!
Omg so many low budget bitches that I deal with on a daily basis i miss all my friends at home.lifestyles of well if you live it you know
I cannot eat one Reeses. Has to be two, four, eight. Nononononono!! :)
RT RT : Favorite for the Super Bowl? ... Too early to tell, but Dom Capers will have a good comeback season.
thank you! has a new book coming out in August. Great guy, good friend.
i'll be at Coco saturday night for that Halloween party
Mobile for sure.
um ok.
thx a bunch :)
#YeahBuddy Harry Potter Movie Marathon on ABC Family! Potter Nerd Right Here. :)
it really is Britney.
I think you should follow me back ;)
good luck spencer ! :)
Happy Mothers Day Mommy <3
. It is a good point that classroom courses/instruction doesn't get scrutinized like online often is. Regulatory differs.
can I get a RT...I just had my first child. A healthy baby boy.
Every day I work with families trying to get access to treatment for their loved one who has no insurance
You're welcome Mike! How's the auto glass world?
We miss you!
My account has been hacked! Sorry about the DMs...I have not sent any. Anyone know how to stop them?
You're off to a great start with 2 successful weeks! Check out our expert word 4 diet and fitness tips to help you stickK to it!
No Star, Tracy & Sybrina aren't together. Dad was at his 'new' lady's house when their son was shot.
Thanks to everyone who came out last night. We had a great time at the QBar.
#everymanshouldknowhowto tap their inner feelings... hahahahaha!
Deep energy retrofits are better for the world than new buildings via @[YourTwitterName]
you know, for once I'd love to read the comments of an article like that and not come away feeling ashamed of my gender
Another unfortunate side-effect of the recession: can't pay professional actors for your local commercial. Hence, the Red Rock Jewelers guy.
what film were u trying to see?
My pic with John is gonna be perf, but it's a secret I'll tell you at the show.
- Yes, HH on Monday! I'll DM you the deets, looking fwd to seeing you!
It's okay. I am too. Just look at it like we've lived two decades. Twenty more & we'll be 40 and 40 more...oh god..
Awww man I messed up my nails :\
this will be my 5th time meeting and i still feel like it's my first.
...and those 66 new members go along with the 66 jobs posted to the group in the past 2 weeks!
Lots of things don't help in the real world.
Bulletproof it first lol
that's right ;)
#MentionYourCrush when the stage is at a crush only a few people you know. It's when you LIKE someone that really matters.
Phenomenal stomp practice today
lolno. not when there's 3 other elevators at the ready with no one in them.
just left a meeting with my dream team at want to give a shout out to the new member of my team my new makeup artist alex...
Dude I'm actually proud of my one pager c:
What i need is a cold pop!
true. Most are not--but they should be. We have to think about what we can do facilitate that shift.
:) where r u from?
Just spent an hour trying to find one rap song I know no lyrics to, don't know the name or who it even is...
Now FB has instagram I'm hoping people will stop using it. Hate the way it makes pics look. I know I'm in the minority here on this
are you selling a political agenda or greatest outdoor vehicles in America? I'm confused.
I wont :) RT : made prom court :-) Don't let it get to ur head princess ;-) - A LOL
it got kind of ugly. I still have a lot of respect for Henwood, and hope that we might be able to work w/ him
He almost hit me coming out of drive-through at chick-fil-a. Then he runs 2 more stop signs after a near-collision with me.
MILLION DOLLA DREAMS
Grand Slam! went H.A.M. Braves taking it all this year.
": don't worry bout it cause she ain't never ever gotta worry about me" Wow I thought everything was good!!
but I am probably just a grumpy old man. ;P
That blog post felt like you pried it out of my brain.
hope my gf gets her next period in a shark tank
were you able to get any info from about recycling?
oh. My ALA membership expires today. Since I got paid, I guess I can renew it now.
Time to shut down for awhile. Although, that means I'll have to clean up my house. Decisions, decisions...
I just hope nobody beats me to it, heh
Hi! You sing, report & cover Boston. Are you just the right person to cover our collaborative #JapanBenefitConcert tomorrow? :)
"Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba-Bad bitch central Check my credential"
We need space for an event! Can you help?
WTF, there's an ad on TV right now selling a Titanic centennial necklace. And yes, it's like the Heart of the Ocean.
This dentist appt >>>> 😷
Oh, I guess I could have figured that out. Have fun and good luck! And see you soon!
I only carry a Swiss Army knife to make restaurants pay for not using those "one time only" flathead screws in stall fixtures
Love run into you for a few minutes! Fellow #Colorado #health ladies
I would. Except by share I mean listen. I've never made a playlist in my life.
Ugh now I'm frustrated !!!! It's time to leave this weekend before I scream inside my head to my self
I want to see more "ade" drink stations.
I just sneezed really loudly in the gothic cathedral in seville, spain. I think i may be allergic to god.
I have natural hair. wearing braids for lots of reasons right now. Grad school doesn't give me the time to be constantly twisting
As expected, the new is REALLY good
I rather be alone than unhappy.
Thanks for inquiring about lessons...yes fully up and running. Contact us through www.hansonmusicstudios.com
Omfg, I know
I have been through various fitness regimes
Olympic triathlete Brad Kahlefeldt in San Diego hospital following ITU event: Kahlefeldt complained to Australian Triathlon team staf...
Uh oh #EBUS118. Not looking good for tonight. Early poor defense hurting now. One more inning... let's go.
Hey it's BK, What has your dog destroyed? Mans best friend recently ate his tix to the Masters Golf tourney.
Working at the Goodwill is a great exercise in Buddhist detachment since I have to sell everything I find I like. Also, in plain weirdos.
Coffee and bodo's now time to get this day going. Time to grind
30 minutes to showtime!
Everyone has Their own Flaws "
Lesnar looks focused!!
In LA, bandwagoning is a sport.
So she could get on it? :)
congrats on the twins ! Hope all is well!
I need to stop murmuring. Challenging profs and asking for more is better strategy. Can I read it all? Not sure. Will I try to? ...Why not?
we are totally taking the digital world by storm ;-) get ready for #RAWconf!
- Thanks for including us in your excellent Daily!
your a sissy
did they cancel it?
I'm walking around work dramatically singing Usher's Climax. Gestures, expressions, & all.
That would be great! I'm a big fan of your programs, thanks to
we love Jerry Bruckheimer! you guys rock.
Today we launch #AtlantaUrbanGarden and plant seeds of destiny. We share our love towards a season of harvest. More soon.
~ new to twitter. would love to view results. where will they b posted? thank u.
Because they're sadists.
#JayZSyncShow The best word to describe me in a word INSANE
i'm a pure anarchist at heart. but i think that anarchism by definition has to be nonviolent.
Time for a lil mooy ty and some baxing. Yes, its early but its the life I chose.
im bored
So fucking excited for GA tix for #futhur tomorrow, listening to Ruben & Cherise while we pack, PA, MSG, AC here we come
If you are looking for a radio outlet........with A list talent and millions of listeners, get back to me sir.
ahh, my husband got the lamb med rare last weekend and it was great. Never had a bad meal there.
trevorleit (trevorleit) thanks for the follow.
that was me lol
or as I secretly call it, "every night after roommates go to bed"
the avg keyword search on mobile for both android & iphone is roughly double the length of the average desktop search
toy story 3 is such a cute movie:))
Submitted for a SAG commercial being shot in NC.....
Ack! German shepherd/golden retriever.
I <3how my guardian thinks shes my mother.no.im tired of hearing ur fat mouth.18 cant come soon enough. #STFU! #BITCH!
I dont drink alot of water fish have sex in it
Thank you for the RT - we're definitely fans!
Loving the customer journey maps on your site. Have you ever done one for online experiences?
happy birthday little one! Hope you're well and wonderful! Have a lovely one x
I don't mind the minimal production values, it's just... as much as I like Amy Goodman she has the charisma of Jim Lehrer
Right back at you. Enjoy the break! MT : You guys are great. #JustSayin. I hope everyone in the office has a good summer!
When u truely #Love someone, you become their servant. It actually makes u happy just to put a simple #smile on their face... :)
say hello to melanoma Rile!
TnT commentators better then Espn's and thier halftime show..So dull & stale!!!
My mom is getting so spoiled today! Shes so happy...
I feel set up. Lol
#UNCBears are DANCIN! Go Bears in #NCAA tourney!!!! Officiating aside, they made it!!
yeah... Its late... Well early :/I'll probably wake up at like 3 tomorrow :/
Maguire's is missing a #diva. Can you help us out? We'd love to serve you!
praying 4 them
People are calling the contract Xbox 360 a rip off because it's like $40 more? Have they heard of contract cell phones?!?!
yes be ashamed
#BeforeYouExit so excited for the music. sounds great! ♥
Truth Gone Hurt Yu
So bummed to be missing tonight! Keep posting pictures!
HEY NIALL :D how are you ? you know you should follow me it'll be great \^o^/
That which we imagine we tend to manifest. Our imagination is the engine that drive the manifestation train
pimm's cup ftw.
cites Eric Lott on the "sounds of Jim Crow": anxieties about black masculinity have a sound.
#BackInElementarySchool they said pickles were half a dollar, so I ripped a dollar in half to buy one
: YOU matter. Your life matters. Make the most of it.
what it does have going for it is hype. We know the value of these players once they play. Since they havent skies the limit
>>> my bruh RT : where the white boy rappers at lol, im tryna make some party music !
Love the taste of fresh breast after brush my teeth. Then I go to starbucks
looking forward to meeting w/ today, ED of
Thanks to all of our patrons, friends, supporters, artists, curators, to our Board, Auction Committee and staff for an amazing SELECT 2012!
Happy Friday the 13th. It's my last day working for Corporate America. Unlucky? I think not!
actually baseball sucks, thats why its called a "pastime" not a sport
Stay tuned, good chance for another "Si or No" moment when Cabrera bats in 11th. Jackson K's to end 10th. 10-10 @ Comerica.
Since when is club wear the same as business attire?
Brew Crew's gonna wear the crown tonight!
not today - have fun!
when did you guys tell Foxy she was adopted? We're looking for the appropriate time to tell Reggie
haha just making sure! But since your my sis that means I can borrow money now right?
me too:D i think it would look boss on you!
This is a test. Stay tuned for real content soon.
i need some change in my life and some new guys ;)
If any of my inspirations were to follow me and show they support me it would mean so much
I HATE JUSTIN BIEBER WHO I THINK HES GONNA DIE HAHA IM VIOLENT!!!!
#HeatLive this a easy win
GSA & SECRET SERVICE want to use guns from FAST & FURIOUS to get better Hotel deals to celebrate FIRST GAY PRESIDENT.
you can't fix or block out stupid. Scientific factoid.
You're in Waco? Wow... You have the life man. ;)
WHOS THIS KELLY CASTRONOVO CHICK WHAT DID SHE DOO...?
Listening to a great discussion on The Social Foodie at #SMWMiami w/
It might be a little goofy, but I'm super excited for my first flight on the famed
HOPE GAME 2 WILL BE DIFFERENT.
Show me the old you one more time & I'll be yours forever.
“ The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.” Yes!
And he's not even texting me back
getting things done today did not happen
Even though your a jerk.
I Need To Go To Bed So G'Night Lovess <3!
we should have gone for the dessert. No doubt the guys would have had a spoonful. :)
lol how are you....
thnx for being there when I need you <3. idk what I would do without you
thanks for rubbing it in our faces, Evan haha
looking for some great museum websites for inspiration...know of any?
I Still need to put some of my clothes in The Cleaners though too!
Latest Poll: What is the best thing about #MorningWorkouts ?
GOOD NEWS: GRCH summer 2011 session is scheduled from August 1 -5, 2011 @ Rice Univ. The live music showcase is on August 7 at a venue tba.
“: My dad has the cutest little cat.” Probably not your best effort. #whatthehellwasthat?
what? Say it isn't so.
I wish OrangeJulius still had the option to add a raw egg to the drink. To bad they stopped that a long time ago.
Dear everyone in Boston bitching about the marathon already, don't live there. Sincerely, a proud Rhode Islander.
please give a shout out to my class
Greetings from a fellow retired academic!
He's lost his favorite pen, literally turning over every couch and table here in the White House looking for it..
Have you ever had a day where you were not feeling your #naturalhair style, but other people were?
I got around to buying Gutenberg-Loved it! As an Ed technologist I love your concept of the slowness of realizing disruption.
werkkk I love V-Necks
eventhough i dont miss one of 's ustreams, i still watch them over and over on youtube! #itsamahomiething. -Sophie
The fact that a pirate ship booze cruise is in my near future makes me very happy.
I lost 4 pounds!!! It's not a lot but it's a start:)
Is there a reason your boobs have you hang out in every pic?
Graphic designers: are there any font ID programs other than WhatTheFont?
it's not like it was thrown at his head
Unsurprisingly, begins with an editorial cartoon about liquor. That's why we're pals.
Thanks for the follow.
Amen! Michel Gondry loves that film.
yeah that!!! RT : Buffalo chicken pizza
thanks for the follow! I need to stop in for some new gear!
I don't know where I stand with you. All I know is every time I think of you all I want to do is be with you.
Red Sox starting to get the mojo back!
that is good lol Did tell you when she dropped hers in the toilet? haha
oiy thank you!!
Come to the tea house today and wish Connie a happy birthday! (her birthday was yesterday, which she celebrated with a day off)
Ending the work week by having a genealogist tell me she loved my energy after a long phone call. Researchers are the best part of the job.
Chicago is a hockey town!
11 hour workday here too. Alas, no wine. Just cats that need fed and scooped :)
If I'm louder would you see me? ......cause I can love you more than this.
Make some damn shots
I felt like stayin in tonight till i thought...What would Blake Shelton do? So now im getting real drunk! Turned out good!
M ”60 Minutes” & Indian food. That's how you do a Sunday night.
Writing articles tip:After you have written an article, come back to it after several hours. This will enable you to take a fresh look at it
If you listen to heat fans then you know, the heat never lose a game, the refs do it for them. Lol
Just visited your site Your book sounds interesting!
Woke up At 7am not to drink for mifflin lol
I dig your glass being half full about the ROX, Dig It !!!
you gotta admit it was pretty funny.. Sort of lol and we did get to know each other better by telling our life stories :)
Hoping the clouds clear for the weekend!
Gotye. Young the Giant. Grouplove. fun. Sounds like somebody in charge of Glee's song selection has been listening to
What's your favorite video game, of all time, on any platform?
In the house watching gammys
Johnny U >>>Peyton manning
The years teach much which the days never know. Ralph Waldo Emerson
no someone bin lying to you
completes my life, like seriously, that kid is just so amzing. omg aw.
...how many times have u listened to that recording(;
Just finished new fondu tradish. Forty lbs of cheese, chickn, brus sprouts, leinenkugle stuck in belly. Hallucinations right around corner
I look forward to my new passport photo. Shouldn't have smiled.
your twitter name doe. c;
yea, man. I'm all about saving loose change, singles & fives. It continues to find me. 8D
Nahh lol. I could care less
4 years & counting with
Who needs #tiger way to go Bubba, A man is judged by his peers, players waiting to greet him
All the caveats show the intriguing complications of my research. The praise for the book is appreciated :)
If you bring me a cigarette, I will love you forever.
One day to DUCK DAY!
It is except that you can save and tag links and take notes. You can also access it from any device.
Awesome about Obama!
Last night was fun Thanks for coming out!
Yes :) I just have them add ice, no water. Maybe I shouldn't call it an Americano then. I pay $3.25 for Venti.
Hi J.C., Thanks for the follow. Cheers for a great day of wine!
Wine time!!
LAURYN HILL- TELL HIM.
I love #happyhour at Starbucks!!! It's the best! 😊👍☔☕🍵
from has amazed me once again. love my new gina dress.
@ Ruby's w/ My Son for DESERT!!
OH I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY
Glad you enjoyed the site! Love yours too, I've been to Disney a dozen times and it NEVER gets old!
WITH BEAUTIFUL AND GORGEOUS
yeah i will i always do
awesome! now go to walmart and get ID'd for spray paint, and the collection will be complete. :)
Nights that I get to spend with and > miss you ! :(
Sunday supper. May 15. Brisket with mac and cheese. Collards. Dinner rolls. $14.95
Really wishing I was at worlds
If I dont say spic, chick ,chizzler, etc wut gives u the right to say a word that my ancestors suffered for :/
Rachel and Brennan Suck,
This disappointments me.
Life in itself is INSPIRATIONAL!
Thanks so much. It was a pleasure meeting you. Come back and see us soon! Best of luck!
just said my name was Ferris at Frappy hour! hahaha I'm always gonna do that from now on
Tremors, one of my favorite movies
Thank you. Glad more damage wasn't done.
Lol would it make you feel any better if he already knew? text me and i'll tell you the deets I said nothing nor did Sam.
boo you whore lmfao I can't even
This is a sad day for Me seen every home game of original #55 Junior Seau at #USC. Had just met him with my son at Staples Center this year
call me maybe? :)
#BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad! Love it! Follow?!x9
Lots of talk about injuries and "working through this things" by Vinny in postgame presser. #grizzlies on 92.9 FM and 680 AM
Dex:Theoretically, you can't really complain if there's a pubic hair on your Everything Bagel. Me:Icky Dex:It's an EVERYTHING bagel! Me:0_o
Thanks for the follow Charlie Baker (kewlaire)! :)
I don't know how anyone cannot be an Albertnator. lets be real. makes inspiring tweets, sweet, and caring <3 i love Sam <3
oh I saw it :).. *two thumbs up* lol.. Body of a spurs cheerleader lol
when are they coming out with the full version of #365Days??? It's such a great song sung by two talented artists
OMG-Backyard Les Mis on #BradBradWorld knocked my socks off!! is the quirkiest, sweetest guy!! Happy 10 years, love birds!
Good morning how did you sleep?
See my last tweet for more information.
and - of efffin' course: don't follow leaders, watch your parking meters!! And something about not needing a weatherman!
My I-5 bill, SB 468, continues its advance after an Assembly Committee passed it yesterday. Next up: Assembly Natural Resources Cmte.
Tomorrow, Ice House Pasadena, hit me up! Whos on board with my group? Old Town after the show?
I love brushing my teeth...
hoe!! i got yo hoe your not about that life stop while your ahead
Later on tonight
I wish ISPs would stop giving out 'free email addresses'. This confuses my grandma to no end when she changes her ISP every year.
like feb 20somethingth.
They're probably not on twitter anymore.. or I just forgot who they are. Which is bad, huh? D:
since I didn't get #Diablo3, so I'm living vicariously through your inability to stay logged on and play. Thank you
your followers follow someone if u say too??? Send shoutout for me?? Me do the same for you
Just had a great talk with my daddy, I ❤💙that man
Whatever happened to western stories? Does no one write them anymore? The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
you guys are freekin hilarious!! Ha
I tell people all the time, don't go by the # on the scale and weight weekly- yet its still so hard to stay away haha
On top baby!!!!
We bet your Uncle Stu makes fine waffles in his waffle iron from 80’s. We’re sure they’re great. We’re just saying ours are better,...
Sommeliers in TB?!? :) jk. I'd ask - he's way more connected down there than I am. OR you can wait to share w/me!
Do you know who that author is or what credibility (s)he has, regarding college sports?
right back at ya. :)
Thats one line he knows not to cross with that "lets impregnate" a random hoe..a MONSTER lookin hoe at that..
so whats the first step?
Just had a lil talk with the special man in my life, he made alot of sense. Gotta do what I gotta do.
that will kill SNL
Lifes a garden..dig it
taking Paige to see The Lucky one tonight at the drive in :) I've always wanted to sit in the bed of my own truck at one :) #excited lol
coming home to a hot shower an your own bed is the best thing in this world.. <3
I am seeking retail management position...can relocate any where in the United States....view my web site then call or email me....www.film…
Just wanted to check in with you and make sure your was working ok. Let us know if we can help!
I have NO relation , cause there's nobody that's committed to rock the ship
Hating Toyota. 7:30 appointment for an oil change.... It's 10:48...still waiting. 3 hours? Seriously?
routing.routing.routing. sometimes you feel like a nut!
Happy Birthday ! We love you!
i miss you sister :\ RT mm, yup :o
Rum is great for that ...I've heard.
Happy chapter charter day to the !
Done it - please send us your order info. Thanks!
Followed :) Thanks for following :)
Nightyy Night! Don't Let The Kittens Bite(:
#backwhenIwaslittle I had a rat tail just like my dad. When they finally cut it my mom put it in a baggie and still has it.
thanks for the rt. i love the name gradon. :)
I LOVE Marsha
": Somebody please fire this twitter police......"
hahah is yummy too! ;-)
Hey Reds fans, at least the bullpen showed up big.
I sincerely feel pathetic for missing you so much.
Obviously, the board's not going to vote to save on transportation, which was one of the things it's planning on to reduce its $60m deficit
Haha shut up
DM then babe? (:
Stop procrastinating!
I think they have laws against that sort of thing! To the gulag, you'll go!!!
hey thanks for helping us
I believe the children are our children.
Our flag is red, white and blue, but our nation is a rainbow-red, yellow, brown, black and white-and we're all precious in God's sight
amazing night!!!
Do any stores sell Skipper's tartar sauce?
she's got to be the best female jock globally at the moment.....got get em' Mallyon!!! Great job Ralphie!!!
Someone called us outlaws, some ol magazine.
I've gotten so much packing done and it's not even 12 yet!
What exactly did you want Obama to say? How about stop the terrorism!
Oh my gay ahahah
A series of increasingly-longer naps till morning. That's how I roll.
congrats, lady! Well done :) And Go Preds!
I can't wait for your new single. It's going to be amazing and I can't wait to one day see u at like the Grammys<3
Bout to be some Church with this Eulogy.
More goodtimes. We will invite you all! Yes, even a few of you :)
Anchorman: a classic movie for classy people.
#singers who had a vocal coach: Michael Jackson, Natalie Cole, Ray Charles, Celine Dion, Justin Bieber, Stevie Wonder, Diana Ross.
Do you know how many other things I could do with that money??? 😔
Hahaha, girl. Watch your back! I'm a regular there!
Teacher emailed a note about an MG book I LOVE. Told parents it has bad words so can't be read at school, but can be at home...
Take this extra leg room seat can't be scrunching up those valuable legs! Uconnnnnn
Great meeting with Tim Schultz today with The Mile High Horror Film Festival.
“: I can do all this through him who gives me strength. -Philippians 4:13”
Im tired and frustrated about everything! Theres just too much going on right now
Did they take u out of the TV show? If u still work there, can you get on Daxs chat at 1 and let us know what's up? Thx D
up, really cute, this completely lost little girl, this little boy gathered up a bunch of candy and gave me some candy. I didn't understand
Have you been running?? I really like yo figure ! Haha
viagra and cialis commercials are freaking hilarious...it helped dude out the mudd......i wonder if they would help me put her out after????
just for fun (heh) spent 20+ hours on Xubuntu for an old ThinkPad 600E. So far it wont work well enough to be useful.
tired and hurting:p
well cool or not I love them!!
This weekend at my studio packing, so I was going to do my new local bus into South LA thing since the Blueline refuses to be consistent.
": When people try to block you out by turning up the music #dickk <<<<"thats fun 2 do when people get annoying
I always happy!!
Lucy is snoring with her paw resting on my shoulder. Would take picture but not wanting to disturb - I LOVE my kitty!
Love me some Madonna!
Ivan Oransky, Reuters Health: Journal retractions rising. 44% more studies published in last decade, but 1000% more retractions
It's slow today......smh
You missed out. m...
What the hell is wrong with my phone? It won't stay charged! #TheDroidMatrixSucks waiting for the I-Phone 5 to drop
Yes, "hella" is still part of my vocabulary.
It's Cinco de mayo aka mint julep day!
sorry couldnt help it. Look at us so #mainstream on twitter.
Nf follow back
lol i hate math too confusing
I laugh at the girls that think they're in love the moment they get a boyfriend then they end up single the next week or so.
I've said so many times, i don't say your amazing cause I'm a fan, I'm your fan cause your amazing. never forget. love u .x
I loved it. Hopefully I didn't make too much of a fool of myself. Great instructors there!
Hey, do you think if a random Asian showed up to Orioles Fanfest pretending to be Wada or Chen, would anyone even notice?
Today's Soups: Tomato with Basil, Clam Chowder, & Chili
Memorial Day, Indy 500, Oprah's farewell, and more up now in Samples and Drops!
I wouldn't want to be Billy Cundiff right now...
#F_O_L_L_O_W she's super cool
glad to hear it!
ya and no
"Sea World is better because Shamu is literally tons of fun."- Sheldon
Breakfast or Lunch tacos? That is the question.
they probably will. But then we shall DESTROY!
RT : #FF Thanks again for a great
If you never put yourself in the game, you will never get a chance to play through to see the outcome.
Making proud and toasting my drink to The Maine!
whats good ma
#ProTip RT Best way in the world to waste $20 - put flea stuff on ONLY one of your three pets.
First real snowfall of winter starting in Washington DC
Not the same without on American Idol... don't even want to watch it anymore, miss you :(
I'm not a star somebody lied I gotta chopper in the car a 45. If I die today remember me like John Lennon.
bumpin' j dilla in the cans.
San Diego, California Weather :: 62F OVERCAST: 62F OVERCAST
thank you. we are all okay!
It is pretty weird.... I think she is writing songs for you...
ISPs blocking the Pirate Bay in the UK sure seems like plugging the dam with your thumb, doesn't it?
well done! excited for the show tonight.
Never again am watching football with my grandma lol
If you're going to make a fake account make it useful at least...
Sitting here watching a cat sleep
He won't say a mumblong word and neither will tennis press
Shall I livetweet these two CIF semifinal baseball games? I shall. Because I know you care.
what? Like it's no fun?!
Zach, do you have any more of those Lane F'n Kiffin t-shirts. I would love one in xl. Fight On!
I read about TED in EW. I'm glad u said therez a balance to the movie, that it has a Lot of heart. Can't wait to see u.
don't get the credit he deserves
Need a new #timeline picture for #facebook. Any thoughts?
“: Dont make me come up there.” you not gone do shit
"When the time comes, baby don't run, just kiss me slowly" <3
Darnton:"We faculty do the research…serve on ed. brds, all of it for free…& then we buy back the results of our labor at outrageous prices."
You can't bump The Truth in the Garden Heimlich.
Thanks for the follow, 29er! Catch us at our show this Thurs. to hear our 2 great new songs. Color us excited! #GirlsRock!
Hehe I just ate taco bell hehe yum wit fire SOS
Last final for today! Then with for the night! :D <33 Only 2 more finals left after today!!! :)
The Awkward Moment when you're almost at the top of the rock climbing wall then you get cramp in your arms and legs -__-
your a meanie :/
fuel band only displays first red led and then last green for a moment...when it should show progress
Up very early today because I have SO much to do and I will be too exhausted after work to do it...
Playing Sangria in hermosa beach with Donald Dean. 6:30.
What's your favorite shisha combo?
we love local love!! right back 'atcha sister!
Just got back to #CHICAGO home sweet home
RT If we were perfect, we would not need Jesus. Be quick to forgive, generous in love and always believe the best of everyone.
i hate mr.mcmachon :(
Devouring WE THE ANIMALS by Justin Torres. Taut and beautiful.
Boyz I will always be an ICONiac even if you guys don't win ... But I KnOW you all will win!
thoughts life is 2 short. Then again who am I 2 tell u how 2 feel. Sorry 4 stepping over. I just like everyone to get along
Avoiding taking my midterm in cataloging. I am ready but I am afraid. Procrastination my solution to fear.
Today we may face some boring task or idle conversation that feels like a complete waste of time. Perhaps next week or next year
Stop threatening each others lives.
Lucky girl! (:
Thanks for the follow!!! LOL :)
#HonestyHour We can't wait for the wedding season!
Survey of the day: Is it ok to take your shoes off on an airplane? Yes or no. Please discuss.
no. Warped.tour.
What??? I missed in Pittsburgh???
Great meetings talking about interfaced eMARs and electronic charting in Seattle. Looking forward to present at annual conferences in OH MN…
You two are dating again? Because it worked really well the first 20 times...
Have to go to sleep bye twitter and goodnight :)
So much love to share :) I want to share ...
Buy an Unlimited Ride Wristband and receive 10 Tokens FREE!
If Plan A doesn't work, relax. There are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
I WISH I COULD ACTUALLY TAN
": That's 'Tiff Dawg Homemaker' ;) haha miss ya chick, what's for dinner?" Chicken, corn and roasted potatoes!! M!
I need gopher chucks.
Haven't used tweet deck in a while. Penguins VP of Communications Tom McMillan will be on A to Z Sports 4 PM Weds. Any questions for him?
So I don't know how this happened, but I think The Isley Brothers are my favorite band.
OH: "Olympic Gardens...is that a Greek restaurant?"
Do you know of an awesome server administrator for hire? Looking for someone to manage a DV from
what the hell
Joshua could quote Steinbeck...speak Spanish fluently...play classical guitar... sketch amazing portraits...excel in virtually all subjects
Guess I eat some frosted flakes or honey nut cheerios!...
Look within. Then commit to being with what you find there.
Racism is America's original and most deeply rooted sin - Soong-Chan Rah
Samantha Wuddup! U finally waking up on twitter hah
I like that workaholics show Blake is my favorite he has cool hair
Thanks for following Chipster!
I'm going to be launching some new stuff this week, so please follow to find out more! Please RT
Few years ago #pcola did a witch hunt on my old #IB programme director bc he got a dui. But sex, drugs w/ students? Nada.
The wooly bear is the worlds oldest caterpillar. Going for egg to moth over a 14 year span! Poor wooly bear! They live in the artic
well it donest show
Looking forward to my first tweetup! See you there!
well that's good!!! Maybe he will make better music than you, oh!! Lol, Jk!
I fell asleep to a lullaby last night. I was the one singing it.
Gettin wisdom teeth out sucks!!:( i feel like i have no wisdom!!;P
Super impressed with the UserGroup program I've allways liked O'Reilly and the continues to impress!
thank you! & your welcome lol.. The pleasure was all mine ;)
I see a little bit of Gale Sayers in him.
1,900th tweet goes to all the party people that attended the Borden Bash
How often do you sort or clean up your Twitter lists?
Only love is real. ACIM
cool photo, who is it?
Ever notice how a Great show involves a Great Team ~ it is not all about the Leading Actor/Actress. #Recognize!
no food in the house.... someone bring me breakfast? thank you in advance.
ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOLZ IM NOT VERY GIRLY BUT I LOVE THT MOVIE!!! Y R UY ALSO FOLLOW ME AND REPLY PLZZZZ REPLY <33 (;
Winfield vs Hurricane ..... Sectional Baseball
Now I can't fall asleep :/
Well, if they can they should. Scott Shepard is (literally too, of course) unbelieveable as Nick.
Happy Birthday to my baby sis ! She's 18 today.
I've made up my mind to define my own destiny~
Thanks and for the follows!
Great symposium at TU celebrating Woody Guthrie's centennial. Now the gala concert - Melloncamp, Roseanne Cash, Lips, LaFave, Hanson, more!
Our God has a way of counteracting something Satan meant for our harm... Continued next tweet
So Cal grocery workers in mediation today! Do what you can to support them
So fun! Let me know how it is. Watch out for sharks. :-)
#PRAllstars OK no clue what the hell this challenge is. Huh?
7 concerts in the month of May, finals, new semester, work study, trips to see family. Pffffft screw sleep.
yeah it was a plum team too
Well the Pirates are winning.
Are that tired to the point that you tweet yourself? Lol RT : your always woke smh
what's up did you 4get bout me?? Lolz
the term 4A ball player. Just go away.
Guys.....Did you know Magic Johnson has AIDS!?!?!
#Online hey twitter world what r ur thoughts on #RAW so far?
I just want to apologize again about the cupcake thing. It should have never happened doesnt matter who did it.
Annoyed out of my mind!
agree but they make some God-awful decisions. Esp. Cutler
Taught Hannah how to do a cartwheel...she's gonna my little gymnast in no time
always has been an inspiration to me Thank You!
haha aw going to bosnia would have been perfect then! :)
Sorry about the godfather spam in dm's. I cancelled the account so it shouldn't happen anymore.
You should get together with i hear they have vehicles that can do that.
Rather than expecting all to have same device, should we ask, "How can we learn with what we have?"
Turns out it's really hard to write a screwball comedy about near death experiences.
ha I didn't even see that one
Hope your signing went well dear!
Cruise ship in the harbor, rotary meeting today. It must be Wednesday!
wakke up and do Mills hw!!!!
Sweet. Look forward to whipping even more ass than usual.
i cant sry but guess whos following me ;)
hey! sorry i was so tired last night
We would like to personally Thank all of you for your help in promoting our business!
Years of painful soul searching,
you can boss them around... put them in time out.. and they say things that make you think..college people are like is it over?
fun I gotta snowball & I was riding allday wby ?
sorry to hear this. I wish your mom well
Congratulations to Eduardo Jackson. He was the first place winner of today's noon tournament.
New kitten from the shelter today. Grey tiger. Usually go for black but he was the one. Name: Tobias George Smollett (aka Toby)
Searsport-Limestone pipeline to be auctioned
LMAO ! Where did that come from ?! It was funny tho cuz i was just on 's page when you tweeted that !
im getting it in!!!
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. ~Franklin Jones~
Thanks Condi! RT : Happy Valentine's Day to you and your loved ones!
Poor little number 8. All alone by himself. Oh well! Let's go lakers! Aha
Talking about smoothness and swagger... you must hear the song "I'm Awesome" by Spose. He reps Maine, just like Bonnie.
Follow this bad one :-)
remember gaia and the creeps hitting on us. hahaha
I need one ASAP
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer. Joan Collins
Let's make it trend worldwide, people! The center of the social media universe is HERE:
Quest Auditions are coming for Jesus Christ Super Star,Midsummer,and Sweet Charity April 30th and May 1st from 1-4pm Teatro LATEA in NYC!
Ok. Time some serious sleep!
“: Timmy is an average kid, but no one understands. Mom & dad & Vicky always giving him commands. Bed twerp!”/lmmfao
no, but I'm very interested in the results of your research.
The Winter Market is indoors RT : will it actually be outdoors?
Facebook and now twitter. Hack city. Please ignore "spiders" and "blogs that said something bad about you."
You're welcome. Always love to follow ambitious, food aficionados who love travel. Kindred spirits as they say. :)
coming in two weeks the shakedown sunday going down at the famous sam's on 43rd ave and glendale.please visit myspace.com/magikentpromotions
Thanks for the follow.
You can't be a HS coach or player and not be inspired by the effort given by these two teams. Wow! They want it BAD!
2 cute! They r getting so big!
Match.com has hurricane Irene's status as "single".
I can ride a bike! I nominate my dad for coach of the year.
They just paid me $10 to come into this bar..
girl what is the problem?!? lol did you get the scrunchies, it's not suppose to be neat...
almost did the cinnamon challenge.
Getting hair cut and they are listening to B97!!
Good upside. However, moving continues to suck I don't care if you are moving next door. Enjoy.
2Cor 3:17 Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is Freedom. Get Him Back into the Country & Get your Freedom Back!
Come on fergie stop messing around and get the man that is Alexis Sanchez!!.
Self-delusion is pulling in your stomach when you step on the scales.
Hockey East tonight at 8pm! DJ playing your favorite tunes all night
Liven Young and Wild and Free
Let ppl live their lies...u need more ppl.....so lame to lie n stunt cuz u think its affecting me kill urself deadbeat!
PUE is one of the lrgst college towns in MX; haven't been in years but take a bus bound 4 UDLA & indulge in grt 'comida corrida'
Just reached 300 followers. Can't wait for the next 300
☼ My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular. Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson
It's so nice to be back in our home in SF. It's going to be hard to leave.
Don't let these temps fool you, your home's efficiency can still be improved! Call me, we'll show you how!
yeah, sumn. ;p
I wish Netflix would hurry up and get it.
Definitely! Would they need to package it or just print lines on a cardboard box and toss in scissors? ;)
channeling his inner standup at
Alex Silva just cut a better promo than anyone in ROH! WOW!!
Feels like everyone is at SXSW but me... :( now I know how everyone NOT at SXSW felt last year!
Crispus Attucks was the first casualty of the American Revolutionary War –download- InSpotter app
Hoping for a good night's sleep
Lmaoo , Yum (: ! “: #WeWontWorkIf you don't like spanish food or pasta . I love food!!!!!! 😡”
didn't realize you and were family (consecutive father retirement dinner tweets).
any time to talk today?
Safe to say I'd take Wis over Iowa in pretty much anything
You fuckn up kobe
Wow, The NFL Tebows really get every break don't they... I thought we played Denver today?...Fuckin sissy.
happy birthday. Enjoy ma'am
hes not that cute anymore lil
": Society puts so much pressure on beautiful women that they've accepted the word bitch.. - #womenDeservebetter" I 2nd tht
Im just a Hiphop Junkie and da #ClassReunionMuzik camp got that Blue Magic
#DontYouWish would DM you one day and started havin a conversation w/ you <3
Just ran into Omari Todd of A great leader and a great organization. We both like cafe hon.
we need more followers! help please? #mahomieshelpmahomies -Melanie
ah Friday night attempting to get work done yay
S/O to for being absolutely beautiful<3
Santa's Littlest Elf (has Autism) is now on itunes
I SEE YOU!!! XD
Ohh I love "Waiting for Lefty," but it might be too much for school-age children...
Not able to de-conflict schedule so that I could work third gig this week. Sad that I couldn't, but cool that I used the word de-conflict.
If you already paid for a t shirt you can pick it up pre game 5/5 If you haven't but want one we'll have a couple up for grabs bring cash
Happy Happy Happy Birthday!!!!!
which stores were u shopping at?
of course there is! ITs the media the report on what THEY want to report on! hahahaha!
Catching up on my DVRd shows. Just saw on "Parenthood"! Great job! I love seeing my friends on TV!
At Green Festival Chicago about to hear Divine Chocolate's Amanda White speak about the Power of Cooperatives.
#BELIEVE many do, and those that don't soon will if they choose to, share ur gifts!!
so cute!
ty for the follow😃
What about the married people ;)
I got yo man n u cant do anything about it!!!
Yeah that niggah gay
... All I know is you better fucking behave yourself. Because these calls to my school are making me SMFH
Whoa! :O she is not matching at all!
I CAME ONTO THIS ACCOUNT SO I COULD FOLLOW YOU :P -- btw it's me ;)
There's a shop on the corner of Santa Monica Blvd. and La Peer, they sell classic cars, but they might rent!
TexMex with my brothers then shopping for moms bday.
Check your inbox reporters! We just sent out the March Job Snapshots
Lightning Crashes
Don't date douche bags.
Thanks for following me If you ever need an opening act, consider !
Weird, considering Cosby's own out-jazz dabblings, e.g.: 1st Badfoot Brown LP; harmolodic music beds on "BC Talks To Kids About Drugs."
My NAHA pictures from Rob Cook just came in... These are going to blow you away.
Every father is a man but not every man is a father. Men get on your jobs so that your daughters will know how to be treated once dating!
I tried a ColErase light blue a while back. Didn't like it. Need to give other colors a try. Thanks for the suggestion!
aw(: thanks
Went to the Doctor today. He grabbed my privates and told me to cough..... I really have to find a new Dentist!
He is the exact opposite of the egotistical artist. He gives it all for his fans even when he'd rather keep to himself
Beautiful, but so sad that he had to do that.
please COME to nashville and do your show. you can raise money AND contribute to the economy. 2 birds 1 stone.
Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. Ephesians 6:11
Not that I know of -- but I'm too far away to know firsthand.
time to start using Twitter more often
Forming Volleyball, Euchre, Skeeball, Dodgeball, and Kickball leagues here in Columbus metro area! www.capitalcitysports.com
please see email about SearchFest's Oregon Humane Society social media campaign
big day for WSJ, Wired, Slashdot. Kick ass!
Ready for Briarcrest
Determined to finish my prospectus. Let's get this thing done.
If tech innovation doesn't drive new forms of interaction, why are we all sitting here tweeting??? #uksglive AMEN!
cinnamon coffee + clean house + gingerbread candle = relaxing sunday morning
Justin on The Voicee
People say i talk about you to much and that we would never last i guess it turned out to be true but not cuz of me .
In 3rd period bored ugh ready too trick or treating
Don't care what direction, as long as there is shows! HS
Ran out of condoms?
No surprise there!
Ok I got my work cut out for me.
long weekend party. back to work..
dress to impress cuz that leads to success
I am back in town. Great Portland Street. Catch you soon.
reworking my Resume and doin laundry.. i guess breaks over.
Trust me. Theres nothing scary about takeoff. I was watching it through my window both times. Ur ears just
Music fans all know that moment of finding a song or album of music that is exactly what they wanted to hear, but had no idea it yet existed
Heading out to the course to play some links on a beautiful Superbowl Sunday!
NACUA is thrilled to congratulate our current President Jonathan Alger on being named the next President of James Madison University!
lets have some fun...try changing 2 things in your hair/ makeup routine this week. Maybe a new lip, curling ur hair, or thicker eyeliner!!
you should come visit again and write about your experience
Fuck rich we wanna be wealthy
somebody please come visit me at work today! 530 to close.
I think you'll really love our product seeing that you self-manage. It's designed specifically for busy landlords like you.
Cool. That could work with me.
friend date :)
Today is gonna be a boring day.
Busy day for recall candidates for Gov. Falk, Barrett, and Walker all have events in Milwaukee today.
wizard's try out's... open as fuck!
Turning this shit off until after the movie.
kinky! do u use vibrators when ur on the webcam?
we'd love to but can't. We're leaving town on Friday when LC gets out of school. U free for lunch in Houston on 9th?
That awkward moment...When you realize someone deleted their comments on facebook and it looks like you're talking to yourself.
- I still think Miami needs a big man in the middle. That's their primary weakness at this point.
Thanks, i'm glad you dig it!
My 6AM run stars....now ! #getitrightggetittight!!
I was kidding.. U don't need to go out your way to get me a hat :)
Shopping at the outlet mall? That's my kind of camping weekend.
Asking your parents AFTER you've already made plans.
Read 'The Princess' by Lori Wick. So good!
Thank you! RT : Congrats neighbor!
I love using my Bible! Best thing since #JESUS himself!
Thanks! Enjoyed your show too and you had infinitely more insightful things to say during the Q&A
The #orioles better have a Kangaroo Court. And Davis better be the jester.
Wow, He made like 5 insults against jewish ppl in 3 sentences
I know the difference. Ahahah
OMG. FUCK. OMG WHAT IS HAPPENING IN MY EARS RIGHT NOW.
I might have to check it out lol
Nick Young what can he do productive with LAC. At least it his contract year. Hit up dat FA next season
Wow! I havent been on in a while!!! I've been very busy!!! I hope I can tweet more soon! :^D
haha, lol!! I did the same thing. Pretty good surprise for #SimpsonSaturday, isn't it? ;Dq
This is the only time I have to do laundry!! 👎😲
some time this year
Burning a hole in 's desk rendering map tiles and burning a hole in this AWS micro importing 300,000+ polygons to PostGIS
Any way we can help?
okay i'll add you
Yup on all accounts. Bout $20 for the bigun. Tho I don't know I've seen it bottled otherwise. It's not as thick as a Delirium.
WWW.POWER983FM.COM !
Absolutely despise #french fucking people on #MW3 ridiculously loud and obnoxious especially when they are trying to RAP... #fail 
He just had this smile on his face while watching the whole thing...got glassey eyed at the end. It was cute.
Rule #172: If you can't be an #athlete... be an #AthleticSupporter!
will be having a South African BBQ in San Francisco this Saturday!!
I really think that should make a video of him singing "It Will Rain." that would be my alltime favorite!<3
this hit my <3 "Paul loved the Philippians because Jesus loves the Philippians & Jesus reigns in Paul"
I know. I didn't get a copy yet! Can't wait to see it.
I have a whole bunch of clicking and scrolling to do...? And watching Charlieissoccoollike. Yeah. I'm a busy bee.
It's only right I blaze up the gunga
Was his name Billy Clyde????
Each and every one! I knew someone would mention that - hadda be you! :)
Mother Banana: Why didn't you go to school today?Little Banana: Because I didn't peel well.
not even joking he probably was I wish I was those actresses all over him.
What is the Magic tournament at Comic Con? Is it you guys?
Heard the first Nokia Lumia ad on the radio just now. Sounded great until they got to the part about AT&T...
"That so just hit glass..."
1st day of Commit2Bfit 2011 4me; also 1st day I've been to my gym in 11 months. Only did 10 minutes on treadmill & elliptical but I feel it.
RT - Three teams that have yet to win a game -- the Kansas City Chiefs, Miami Dolphins and Indianapolis Colts -- appear ...
Have you performed at all since leaving the Monte Carlo, if so where.
I'm feeling slightly vindictive...but in a classy way, of course
one my followers unfollowed me and then followed me again so many times
What two fruits are in our Harvest Chewy Granola bars?
Afro Blu: I'm sorry, they are just not doing it tonight. You're telling me not one girl in that group can hit high notes?
Casey "Asshole" Oulds. I warned you, you're going down. Better sleep with one eye open.. you little asshole.
At least they're not 'ums" and 'ers,' 'hems' and 'haws'...
You've got to be kidding me. These wasted opportunities are gonna cost the Orioles eventually.
Super Agree RT ...Wish there was an easy way to find docs that offered virtual appts. Ideas for resources?
I need to order my replacement phone pronto
I'll be appearing on tonight, though I don't know if the livestream will happen. Listen for writing and oboe talk!
I love technology!!! New iPhone makin my life just a little easier! :)
There's a Z-CoiL store aprox 40 mi away at 2077 Camden Ave in San Jose. Its the same store owner as the SF store, same great service!
working on it brother
Just finished reading my Christmas present, Destiny of the Republic. TY for a fantastic book. Need to visit Lawnfield now.
One of Europe’s most distinguished orchestras returns to Symphony Hall for the new year! The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra...
GASP GASP!!! Really??!?
are u just finding out? LoL! I'm sure it will last less than 72days.
Ok here is my line I actually used being a blonde. I'm sorry officer, but my blinker fluid ran out and my boyfriend told me not to use th...
Would somebody please tell the birds that it's only 14 March, too soon for
Got accepted for YEK! :D
#americanidol #idol. I can't watch "judges" praise crap all night. Turning it off.
I wish people would get off my back about my boyfriend gosh people are so judgemental
🍷before work? Sure why not
I like to say, "bless you" when people sneeze, but if I KNOW you're not going to say, "thank you" it's pointless.
Office. So cold. Brrrrr.
just follow you. i wish you all the best. peace.
Brozek! Hows it going? I massively miss you!
Ah get out of here.
I hope he knows that.
What do you most want to know about auditioning?
but I won't hurt anymore....cus now...aaaalll my pain is goin
You Over React!
Ha! Well,she operates from a binary framework which is almost always problematic. Whaddaya think she brings to the table?
On the nighttime weekends I like to dress up like a unicorn and prance around and jump while dating pixy sticks... #ohyeah!
so I'm NOT the only one who knows this.. God lol
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. -Les Brown
Wow what a shock. Park hill south beat park hill in football for the first time in a long time.
#whendiditbecomecool to disrespect your mother
Re-reading Dickens ... is it me, or is Great Expectations funny? Mrs. Joe would not get a Mother's Day card!
Can somebody get Kevin Na a beer?
haha!Q we were just spammed together. Though we've never met, I feel closer to you now than ever.
I wish I knew...
Sandra Powell of RI: We have to do this with a "No Finger Pointing Approach." It's about being effective.
HOME RUN! PAPI!
No one can get an education, for of necessity #education is a continuing process- Louis L'Amour
out here in Tampa listening to hearing in a different market!
ps you are seriously amazing. Ive never even met you and you've gone out of your way to help me and HAVE helped me so much.
Congrats on winning the Superbowl! Fantastic job stepping up in place of Ryan grant!
NEED MODELS FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE follow us www.twiter.com/streetgroovemag
It will smell like clam chowder there, so fricken' bad *laughs*
Sleep all day, up all night smh. Ugh im too uncomfortable
My stomach is growling like DMX with a chest cold! 15 more mins of radio and then I can get my grub on!
I think I need some corporate champions.
Fashion Fridays!!!! GM WORLD express yourself through your personal style today, try a new look, do somthing different.
Two more hours of sleep... Is that too much to ask for?!
good stuff man! Can't wait until your in Tampa again!
How to make God laugh: Tell him your future plans
Smile the world is watching!
Spring <3333 ... and its gonna be 83 degrees!
Strong winds are hitting all around the front range right now with gusts as high as 80mph near the foothills!
I'm thankful for today's weather! Gorgeous.
I'm the king of the castle you're the dirty rascal crassshh into me #DMB can't wait for June 22-23.
Braun's PED test was evaluated in Canada.....there's your defense.
haha nice! thanks for the help!
Two men in there 60's kareoke, omg awesome, seriously awesome
ok well i can't direct msg u cause ur not followin me so u have to send me one:D
My wife always supports Team Russia, so I do, too. I'm just ignoring you-know-who.
an actual goat?
Finally on the way to the lake. Being subjected to katies odd musical tastes. This will be a great day
TONIGHT at Accolade Fitness South: RIP:60 SUSPENSION TRAINING with Nik from 5:30-6:30pm. P.S. Your 1st Class is FREE!
As as paying customer, I don't want to hear about Alysia Jordana unless she is in the studio naked, and riding the Symbian.
Twitter is struggling, check us out on Facebook so you don't miss anything while they resolve their issues.
Fuck, me too. I'm in Alex's room because Hanna's mom is here and they're busy packing stuff. Lol I'm so tired.
Epic Brewing Launch today at France 44, Free tasting 5-8pm...
Ready for #ETP2012! We'll have updates from awesome speakers , , & all week.
Protesters now leaving Pioneer Place
where do u coach
RT : 1pm today! Chisolm's inspiring film TonyGeraci is “little bit lunch lady, a lot P.T....
Thx for sharing, Lyn! We're very excited about potentially rolling out mushroom packaging for our customers in the future.
I am your leader, yes I am your leader You're not a believer, suck my big dick
We have a long 21 hour drive to our next show Feb 24th in Barrington , Illinois! See yall soon!
ill add u later my computer acting dumb
lol your welcome!!
You win some & you lose some ...and, then you move on. :)
Indeed. I was a huge mark for the NWA/WCW and New Japan ramps. Bringing that back was a big thing for me as a wrestling nerd
if I have someone to say to people I say it to them, not everybody else.
God is so good to me!!!
New episode of Jersey Shore bitch!
#ASTD 2011 Problem isn't understanding what to do, it's DOING it - Marshall Goldsmith M113
..... MADISON!!! ON WISCONSIN!! GO BADGERS...... great pic of the capitol enjoy the game Saturday........ THE AXE IS OURS!
I might be a little late tomorrow.
The 2 sudan nations shld put the plight of their citizens b4 selfish political ambitions of individuals, war is no solution. via
act like an asshole & people will take you at your word MT : look like a gangsta&some armed schmuck will take you at your word
5000 Event Flyer Printing in New York City for only $175 > Call 1-800-PRINTING to order today!
RT : my roots are definitely missing and her magic touch
had up to speak to did a great job. Thanks for the initial referral!
A month in Europe... First up, Paris and Rome.
Me, "I'm gonna see #snowpatrol on Monday" looks at me "oh that's cool, 2009 called"
Desk & office are cleaned up ready for a ROCKIN 2012! I am sure I will be making the best of 2012.
The weather outside is perfect. Gunna be a good season to go rafting.
So has anyone ever clicked on one of those spam tweets/mentions? What happens? All I do is report the account for spam. :)
All of American might not love you but I still do. #ForeverAMessenger #ProudOfColton <3
you have 0 of the 2
1 Letter can make a difference
If you keep on doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always got.
Thank you so much, Dorothy! And hope you have a great Thanksgiving!
Seriously if you are trying to put a show on for everyone you can STOP. Its annoying and rude!
Search field in the iTunes store doesn't seem to recognize text typed by the Dragon software. Someone fix this, please.
On my way to the zoo with m'kaya school
We are live #coming to you w new info trial. #WHERE THE #FUCK IS HES #protesters?
Good news RT : HB2934 passes House, $100 mil extra fed funding for #Medicaid before matching rate decreases.
Im currently obsessed with (;
Is on TV in Big D!
Most Popular Korean stars in 2012
#MyBiggestProblem is staying up late to read everyone else's biggest problems.
Figured out how to download iTunes tracks previously purchased on other devices. So, you know, Use Your Illusion as loud as possible.
Whenever you start to criticize yourself, stop yourself and replace that thought or word with a loving one
anyone message me if u know where to get a tattoo in miami without having to have parent consent.
Padres have k'd on pitches out of zone on 4 of 5 SO against Harang.
True! So how are you these days?
Will you be joining us for Tuesday's Tweetchat?
RT : Let's talk turkey: Who are the #smartgrid's biggest turkeys (and greatest pioneers)? Join the discussion....
I believe the bruins are giving the habs a taste of there own medicine!
I'm glad you enjoyed it. Well see you soon!
come up in here! www.blogtv.com/people/Miss_kitty1987
Someone, please stop me from putting all of these books on hold at the library. I have a sickness.
Happy World Whiskey Day! and I will be celebrating for sure.
Sushi at CRAVE.
The only thing I like about finals season is the hilariously panicked Facebook statuses/tweets everyone posts.
“All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
it's so hard to focus when I know I'm about to leave on another trip.
What do you guys think of people Botoxing their armpits to keep from sweating?
Be thankful for what you have, instead of complaining about what you don't have.
Who wants free tix? We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
miss you more!! How's thd job hunt?
June was one exciting and interesting month. Whatcha got for us July? Bring it on. =)
AnaCJohnson thanks for following me on Twitter!
Sounds like you might need a SkinnyGirl Margarita after this day. Hope those heels are comfy:)
Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say.
Suck it #teaparty ! #occupywallstreet #occupywallst #occupytogether are growing and we represent reality and we're the real Patriots!
Beautiful house in your avi. Where is it?
Between careerist and artist...be an artist. An artist never asks permission to create. Forgiveness, maybe. Never permission.
" Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out." ... Just say'n
lmao. I read that in your most pettiest tones
The Norwegian Championship of poker goes on in Dublin. In 10 minutes THNL Heads up. I am ready!
Bunad. I think I might need a bunad.
email and have them check it out for you
Me too. But don't bet on it!!
Why is 555 still being used in the movies & on TV?
I'm so weak sauce right now. I need a vacation.
got 35 banners for their stores! #buylocal #supportNOLA We are so excited!
It's been 15 minutes and no one else is out of the genetics exam, I hope I didn't skip something 😱
This is the critical time that most teams mess up on the road: hotel after pregame meal. Must maintain focus on the task at hand.
Congratulations to Gregory G. Brown on being featured in the Riveria Magazine "Power Lawyers" Section for June 2012 issue!
On my way to New Orleans for the final four! (go bucks!) Anyone have any recommendations for me while I'm there??
Join in for the Day of A Thousand Cranes event this Sat July 30 1-6pm in Tompkins Square Park for face painting, live performances & more!
I'm sorry
“ Avengers in 3d...at atlantic station...be there...or be square lol”
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE MAHOMIE??!(:
Gotta make the best of today
It's starting to rain! I'll sleep well tonight 🙏💘☔
Bugatti boys. Yo, turn off them mothafuckin' lights. You know what it is. Yeah, fuck yo dreams n*gga. This reality. Take that.
you gonna be at yotel this weekend?
Warmest wishes for Thanksgiving from our families to yours!
business calculus:(
Client has started feeding me Vitamin C to make sure I make it to the June 1 launch.
Thanks ! It's my pirate alter ego for the conference (which you should attend, if you can :D)
A cat client recently told me that he was like Santa Clause because he gave gifts, later I found out his mom refers to him as Buddha cat!
follow to win a COUPON BINDER
I did not & I adore u 4 telling me. RT : did u see that got 2 Grammy noms? U + Me Together, Stars4Eva!
What does everyone like in their egg nogg?
