Once upon a time i held you down better than anyone. But all the others got first draft maybe if I didn't do such a good job. Shit who knows
where do I sign up?
Breaking a mirror Is seven years of bad luck. Breaking a condom is 18 years of bad luck.
I remember watching Corliss in college & thinking he was a physical force & in the NBA he was another dude...see same thing
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
Wow! in san Diego! Love this place
I understand.. How it's hard in the beginning.It will Always be easier said than done.You'll be fine. You're a big boy! Lol
If that Dos Equis guy were real he'd really be mad interesting! Fellas pay attention!!
Honk and Drive all volunteers, we will meet at park in Miramar 37th Ave and Pembroke Road at 12:00noon!
congratulations sir. Well deserved
Whats wrong with smocking weed? I havent heard of anyone who OD'd on it!!!!
Welcome to new followers:
what'd you do?! does that mean you'll come to the riviera with me soon? ;)
Chilling chilling..ball tourney saturday baby
Lawyers love me, apparently. Every time I've been called to a courtroom, I've ended up on a jury. Three times now. :-p
The best and most beautiful things in life can not be touched or even seen. They must be felt with the heart! :)
listening to you right now!
Keep your eyes open for updates on the New Year's Eve gig!
it looks nicer than yesterday!
CMU students sing at the Campus Superstar FREE semi-finals SUN Feb 19th 7pm at Pitt's Wm Pitt Student Union. $5000 PRIZE!
well i am now ! what are you doing today
I'm so sorry, I know what it's like to lose someone close. It's so hard & life changing. Just hang in there, it gets better.
wrapping presents. baking cookies. & watching christmas movies. with the boy :)
ALERT: Hot Rod is on comedy central right now. Why this movie didn't win every academy award is beyond me
One more night on the road, in Charlotte NC, then back home to Pittsburgh. Been a long but eventful week.
Happy tears going on here for both of you...Tucson can't wait to have you back!!
Something about rainy days in New Orleans that makes me smile.
I will continue to proudly wear my lumberjack beard!
So I just heard on a radio interview that in 20 years we'll have wars over 'drinking water'... Thank God for Electrolites! (idiocracy ref).
NBA games be on late .
If I see someone trying to seize the day, I'll step in and try to save the day
If I give up now, I'm giving up on my family, I'm giving up on GOD, and everything that I stand for. Gotta keep pushing.
apparently, that is what he said after the japanese bombed pearl harbor... a quote that I use for my own personal motivation
attack the enemy today sir!! #letsdothis!
mostly old switchboards and things - working on family history project with daughter
yep last leg!
no cause the Oreos will be there to protect you
Hi! I'm well, just two months til graduation. I see you have a new job, congrats! What are you doing for Clear Channel?
Cool people to follow
“: 's in Arizona so I have to keep myself occupied lol”--I'll be home in no time babe.
The perfection of Khloe and Lamar is indescribable
What's just a solid, basic Facebook widget for ? A lot of these plugins are kind of old. Are they still goodies though?
I've had this same thought. Or at the least a "share this book" feature. Especially if you could target it at specific ppl.
Awe I guess it doesn't hurt to wait! Yup.
You finish all 3?
Im Famous Bish
sorry I spend most of my time doing hw, being a bum, & when to a job interview !
So happy I got my poster signed by everyone and of course :)
"We All Have A Really Short Friend" its me.
that is great news!
I'm with Andy, doesn't seem ready. In fact, the Wings should just give him to the Hawks. ;)
Thanks for the kind words!!! I hope you got some great shots.
im an asshole
#design for clients is like a person not wanting to #jerkoff so they come to u for a #handjob... and they always want it their way.
a/a for two hours. smh.
at wiscrelic.com
Men In Black is bull$hit!
why does twitter keep deleting our @ mentions? it's getting ridiculous.
and after you pass your test, you can take a 1/2 day any time you want. Too sunny...1/2 day. Too warm....1/2 day :)
It's bitter sweet
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
stunning. love white.
Morning Farm friends, come by today & pick up our strain of the day; Mr. Nice Guy!
It's early, but the K-zone is very normal today.
Holy crap, is this football on ice?
If "to husband resources" means to save & protect them, what would it be "to wife resources"?
I've picked a good brunch place for when you and are here. The staff is cute enough I'll ignore your hot husband.
in Memphis ck us out great music!
I'm going to need you to play "Friday" at least 3 times on tomorrows show!
Your tenth stranger request this morning: Would you read aloud your “The Place Where Ghosts of Salmon Jump” for... (1/2)
I still do! I can't even move lol
Not all #sxsw tweets are created equal. Thanks for good editing and interesting tidbits.
I didn't know you smoke cowboy killers
Meeting downtown to discuss "tour production" or as we like to call it, "make big sound go BOOM!". Love it.
Hey, John! Your byline is still at the top of my column. Just thought you should know.
how kind of you to say such a thing
I can't get that link to work - the page keeps timing out. Your article is just too popular!
Q1 Saying "the content is available digitally" is assuming youre dealing w/a public that always has comp access Thats not a reality
We had so much fun at the TX Clay Fest today - and wait until you see all the AWESOME pieces for the Silent Auction!
:) Case by case. Do they are on the registered offender list or may think ur flirting. If "Yes" to either, then steer clear.
"Age is a matter of feeling, not of years." George W Curtis
Dear Eirik, No YOU are the greatest knife ever. YOU are! Love, New Knife
the cheap collections of the free Kindle eBooks generally fix the formatting issues from the free versions, worth a look
major shoutout to D Hell, hasn't smoked in 8 months!!!!!
Finishing up psychology then worrrrkkk at 4.....#BLAH /:
Rock On
#140Cuse "Your cause can be whatever you want it to be... The real thing is how you get people to rally..."
Yo. Dudes and gals. Go check out our purevolume, you'll effin' love it. www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
My parents said to never take food from strangers, but when a lady hands me a perfectly good McDonalds hamburger, I can't resist!
Thanks for sharing from our blog.
“: I am so glad to see you two together again....gives me hope #missyoutwo”>>aw thanx babe! Miss U
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I can't do this by myself.
I miss her so much <3 are kisses are so perfect it's crazy when you kiss a girl everytime in it just feels right... :) <3
I heard cigarettes are actually quite nutritious, so long as you get your 20 servings a day. He's confusing cigarettes with weed.
Folgers Black Silk is not bad I agree!
I'm on point
Someone changed studio speakers to WPGC while I was in bathroom to freak me out. I taught everyone here that trick!
Happy Birthday babe! Hope you're having a grand time.
awww the guests have arrived!!! Stream live at power983fm.com
Phew! Web application maintenance complete. I'm glad to have that done, it's been weighing on my mind for weeks.
You have no idea, no idea that I'm even here, I'm even here.
Let's go Miami Heat they working tha Knicks
always in motion bro.. u?
I recently made a major decision... I am not longer on Facebook. Too much time spent there with little to show for it. Twitter & Email!
Where did all these people come from and where r they going? And raining too! Unbelievable!
Can't empower students if you're not empowered.
Today's magic relationship word is LAUGH
Happy President's Day!
Happy Easter to all!
Was gonna buy a sandwich on the plane but they ran out. Flight attendant says, " I'll take care of this"and hands me a bunch of free scotch.
English is Dayana's 2nd lauguage! c'mon now : Ivanka even had a hard time not laughing at "I've never called you a word" Ha ha
Hopefully I'm not alone this Valentines Day like I am every other year ._.
Little Dig!
PS3 Freebie! Go to NETWORK, select INTERNET BROWSER, select CRACKLE -- watch and stream movies and TV shows.
they are... i got them Lebron 9 southbeach and the retro 4 cavs and white blue retro 4s today
I'm interested in doing an event with you guys!!! :) do you have an email address I can contact you at? Thanks!
Our program today is Understanding and Promoting Brain Health, speaker Amy Schultz from OPAL institute.
Is it just me or is it that #jelena is always on the beach making out?
Hurray!! That's a fantastic feat. 1390 online guides.
RT Claiming that someone else's marriage is against ur religion is = being angry at someone 4 eating donut b/c you're on diet.
K,Ai ai ;S
“Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.” ~~ Samuel Johnson
Arnold Palmer and Vodka ! Yes says I ! :)
Hello in your humble opinion which book has the sharpest opening lines? Who sits the standard I guess is what I'm asking.
As a 38 year old big nyc sports fan, all I have to say is Jets = Mets. Case closed.
Bellhaven Scotch Ale... nectar of the god's my friend. Enjoy!
I'm so dang Hungry, I'm about to get a whole bunch of food, start my homework, && SMASH.b
Blessed to have life and the things to look forward to in it
A week of rising equities was probably too good to be true - futures lower. Market will hate Obama's millionaire tax. Europe still wobbling.
This argueing thing we got going on is getting old.
It has a bruise which is a bump in the tire
Happy Friday Colorado! It is very green outside. The rain did wonders to our grass and trees.
#beauprez to #mcfarland at #lpr2011 - how does europe, russian and energy /world economy play in all the current events?
the tear tattooed on Amar'e's cheek? It's for the death of his career.
A reporter called our film OF DOLLARS AND MURDER.
wahoo congrats thank you Jesus for your gifts and talent
I love everyone at work , always giving me positive talks and making me feel confident with school, tomorrow enrolling for summer classes!
first Myspace, then Facebook, then Twitter, then Tumblr, whats next...
Sculptures by the Sea ... the Bondi Beach with 90F and blue skies folks.
Talking dogs would totally KICK ASS
Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches.
7pm central : So what time does the draft actually start tonight? I could look it up but too lazy and this will probably be easier
text me.
okay sounds good. Yeah me too... kinda lol. Have a good day sweet cheeks
hey I followed u so u can dm me if u have questions x
lol have fun wit those 2 there not dj they will stop hitting
Love your new song, Biebs! :)
Ooh - another cool article examining the plight of #fashiondesigners & #copyright (, I think you'll enjoy this!)
Ask how you are, being a nice person cuz I actually care for the answer you would give me. And you don't reply back. Bye dickhead
Have you ever wondered how to determine when it's time for new brakes, tires, hoses, plugs. . .?
thank-you!:)
Opening night of #HenryVI.. I need to take my preshow poop.
Thought my personal favorite, Capital Island Wheat, got the snub
Aw<3 did you say that to her too?
RT! ARE YOU REGISTERED VOTERS?
Idk why that pissed me off but it did grow up your like 4 years older then me.
also i'm so looking forward to #sxsw and hanging in austin next week. keep it weird y'all.
Twitter Analytics: Any Good Free Tools Out There?
Vegan 101 is proud and honored to have received an endorsement from the incredibly talented and fellow vegan, Rikki Rockett from Poison!
Check this out : Search ‘Zerg Rush’ In Google, And wait for a Pleasant Surprise !!!
Suck on that Giants!!! Romo we are flying now!!
*blush* “: … I was complimenting for their responsiveness. Great use of social media following a story.”
Rajon Rondo is the best PG in the nba PERIOD
Michael Floyd will be the best receiver out of this draft
You know you like it. ;) lmao! :D RT : haha thats creepy!!:P
Late nights, early mornings
Why don't we ever hear the "I can't believe I have to haul all this heavy camera shit up this mountain again" Ansel Adams quotes.
My internet has been a bitch all day.
I've made a coffee table, but only welded for the film, using the torch was fun.
So, can we get a new Outkast album please?
You should have your mom call. Good luck! :)
I need a new twitter application.
Sol week= an excuse to dress like a complete bum everyday.
awww, James looks so cute with glasses!:)
James pukes, Wade craps and Bosh pisses when game on the line ...
roads r icy so that means theres a good chance there isnt school tomorrow :)
It was great - thx for asking! RT : thanks! My weekend was wonderful and very #green :) - yours?
Goodnight Gotta get to sleep for schooll Yuck so goodnight Twitter
that is the drink of the Gods!!! It will take you to the happy place indeed
I'll be there tmo w/Bronx for the bulldog beauty contest, and then the Young Alum Barktoberfest. Good times.
Dese hoe mad abt a nigga ion even fuck with this how u no im live
Found them
"Ive been waiting all day, for you to call my baby. So lets get up, lets get on it don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight" In my head c:
Wonderful food, amazing people, fun things to do @ SingleGourmet.info
First night of language classes at the School of Continuing Education at UW-Milwaukee.
Swear all of my follower Aviis are pretty!!
Why can't I fix the whole world?!?! Rawrrrr
She was drowning in her thoughts
No fair Do you get to go there today??
Giving someone the rejection hotline # as if it was yours
Thanks for the RT Geordie!
looking forward to meeting at the Democratic Convention
“Hard effort is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.” ~Vince Lombardi
who wants to be my valentine this year???
America Now is on right NOW! Learn about Cuba's diplomacy and an ancient Mexican drink that's making a major comeback.
I'm pretty oblivious to current events :) Are they talking about the stuff that was labeled as Organic?
Oh god. There planning on making a black ops 2. Hope they fix the problems (don't fix zombies, its fine)
zombie spacewalk is super cute.
i hope you come back to new york soon i miss you!! <3
Adam and I worked together on it and still didn't finish them
all the pressure That Sanford Police Dept are getting over this neighborhood fool killing this young man IS GOOD. he could get what gave.
The worst part of a conversation is having to pretend like you care.
World Cup is over. Now ESPN can get back to programming that doesn't suck.
We're still figuring out our plans. Word is some of us might end up at #Moonchine tonight! #Sushi is always a good idea.
Nice to meet you too. I emailed you that link for
“: just listened to use to know ... Good shit” - Thank You !
Why the heck is "sensual" a category of business card design on Vistaprint? No thank you, I think I'll go with "floral" or "modern" instead.
I can tell, u didn't even spell "so" right ur so pissed
i still cant get over ur senior quote...y r u always thinking about food u moron
omg! your so god damn lucky!!
awwwhhh last semester!
“: Why Do People Hate On Lebron For Winning The MVP..? He Balled Out All Season..! #Haters”RT he's MVP for a reason
thx for the follow, go Yotes!
"I thought I told you that we wont stop..eh eh" *Diddy-bops*
So you go do that and not let us know
thanks for the follow Joy!
This dudes swimming shirt says: "my time is faster than all your times combined"
hey kelsey, i love you.
Thanks for the hugs. was so nice to meet you on the studio. :)
aw! Thanks boo! I miss you!
What's with La Plata, #Maryland? They get the worst weather in the area every time.
Come On & Ride On This Funk Yall !
Yea but MJ won so quit about the flu and talk about denver whoopin ass": 31 = Kobe scored 31 points after getting an IV
Be awesome. Be as awesome as you can be, and never apologize for being awesome! Just stay grounded ;)
whats up ?? where you from ??
@ Gift Theatre benefit. Awesome night. Talented actors. Good food. Michael Patrick Thornton - you rock! Congrats on 10 years of NW theatre.
thanks for taking time away from working at work to share that with us
Are you tweeting while he/she is drilling???
Just saw a wonderful performance by Dorota Piotrowska and her group Her music is killing!
:15 weeks and the paws ARE enormous.
Brr it's cold
It's the lowest note in the #MozartRequiem Kyrie subject which gets stressed, not the highest. Same with Handel's And With His Stripes.
The lovely just sang "What Makes You Beautiful" to me
Wet yucky hump day
my mom is forcing me to cook breakfast for her lol
ARSENAL SCORES!!!
Watching Dr. Who. I love this!
hey, you should check us out. We're a legit band new to Vegas. We moved here from Florida. Let us know what you think! :)
Yo, Nashville roots musicians, publicists, etc. We are Music City. Who's up for helping organize an informal concert 4 ?
Just had a beet and falafel pita sandwich from at and it was delicious! A must try, people!
I don't think there is an option for that anymore. I'll look into when it went missing and try to add it back in.
Lakers at Thunder!!!
This pact is about to be on and poppin'. Lol.
Okay :D I'm looking forward to it. -raises eyebrow- I made a Typo in the last one -_-
Sometimes it takes more talent to make less noise. Choose your frequencies wisely. #HandwrittenFortuneCookie #Damnit,NowHungry
Alright, I'm done reading about Oden tonight. Very bummed, but I'll still hold out hope for him until he calls it quits.
BMW low-emission London Olympic Games fleet unveiled | Car Advice
Wish I could, but wrote that 3 years ago and didn't keep my research. Ironically, I don't remember what sources I used.
I'll help!
I'm FEMALE friendly. Not ECO friendly.
thank you bud
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Flughäfen
Yo it's so HOT in this damn house
you know, just the whole bizarre weather patterns this year, that's all
Throat's parched. Bout to go to da fridge n' get me a cold pop.
Bitch I know Santa, I'ma tell him to put you on his naughty list.
Taking rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Staying at home and watching movies with my mom > going to the boring ass skatepark with Caitlen and Johnny.
My source? The same place I get ALL my news; Twitter. I'm just a little disappointed that I only get one "official" month.
“: So, 6x launches this week in 5 days worldwide... ( ~100 hours, actually!) Is that a record? () doesn't count!”rt
Sure could use a Big Popper right about now...
#BeliebersFavoriteLine "We can go nowhere but up"
That awkward moment when nothing is awkward... O_O
AH OUR BOYZ ITS OUR BOYZ OMFG.NICK LOOKS SO MUCH OLDER AND TALLER ZNFDSHRESJISICRDH RINIJJMHUR
"Falling Back" is a crime against parents of little ones.
check out our "SOCIAL VIBE" section on our blog. if you'd like to donate for the cause, all you have to do is spend 5 minutes of your time!
In Soho - time for retail therapy... :-)
Feels good to have a little workout :).
Dressing up as Santa tonight for all the little kids (:
BOOZER!!! U still soft as fuck tho
Happy Birthday to our good friend Daniel Creegan!!!
just ready for david to come home
That nap was on point
#onlyinamerica may be one of the funniest shows on tv right now
Thx a bunch Mike!
Anyone else notice fellow librarians can make some of the worst patrons? This woman just now almost brought me to tears.
Went to the Mr. Brainwash art exhibit and wound up in a cult.
Our good friend always gives a refreshing look at the
he's on trial for perjury, not for using steroids.
blood of virgin maidens lol. and you're flawless, shut up.
I thinks it's about time for change.
End of 2nd and still scoreless. Hoos have left 4 runners on base; Mitchell with 5 Ks thus far.
hahah glad you liked it! I did it just for you ;D haha
Let's get 40,000 #followers. He's a good dude!!! CEO of Shop today!
Send Moen to the semis...
damn.. Good call. I've never been to one
Author: A fool who, not content with having bored those who have lived with him, insists on tormenting generations to come. **NOT MY WORK**
Lamentably, yes!
man I hit you up lololol the phone work both ways lol
Who's going to tomorrow?! <3 SO many amazing musicians playing. spread support.
Ugh, Tam Tams.
As much as I hate Kobe I have to admit that man is very clutch
lmaooo my necklace?
The #BeachBoysReunion was incomplete without
Im hungry:o idk what i want though.
RT : RT : Omg twerk team dwn here today ... :D<<< Endless Music Tonight!
I would watch! Lol keep up the great work.
My Understandings, ohioisonfire
how are we going to tell if it Is or when the boobs tweets start?
I think I had one for all of ya(; miss you too! I can't believe the only time we leave for easter you guys move back!!
I LOVE Tigers <3
will you guys have any android version soon?
Lucky u huh???? Get a clue hunny and buy u vowel and complete the phrase for yourself... u r a h_e
RT : Red Arrow Labs looking for an experienced PL-SQL application dev to add to our team located in Milwaukee. Know anyone?
It be great if mcarthy wouldn't abandon the run so early luckily the packers d is playing out of their mind!
So where's my free movie??? :D haha
damn, looks so good I just wanna jump in!! Hats off to ya for picking that one :)
'JOIN' our Yahoo Group TODAY + Come to Victory Church Of God EVERY SUNDAY for service @ 10am & Don't Miss KKIM Radio's 40 Years of Service
TDIH 1793 - George Washington's 2nd inauguration, he says only 133 words! GW aka the forefather of Twitter -
I believe in God's healing powers
Whenever I go to starbucks, I go out of my way to say Small instead of Tall and Medium instead of Grande. It makes me feel victorious.
Is Pavano trying to look like an old homeless man in the dugout? 'Cause I'm not buying it.
Just wanted to say Congrats via another social media medium!!
Awe can't be that bad baby!
Pulled a hat trick with McDonald's today.
God bless the child that blows the strong
Annual argument with tv/Internet provider... Turned out good this year!
I am calling you out for leaving significant details out if your twitter feed.#just saying
Sounds good! Tuning in! (Scott Ford - Portland, Oregon)
my boy continues to be a poet <33333
I had a fun time last night. My cousins party was fab!!:)
lol i got some other stuff to yipppyy
How tall are you?(:
maybe this just means that (like you said) word frequency is just not an ideal data reduction-
MUSIC VIDEO: Mindless Behavior – “Valentine’s Girl”
Yeah so tweet me back! lol
Drink deeply. Live in serenity and joy
We'll try to make you feel like you're there.
I just drove by a semi full of little piggies going to market on the interstate. Whew, had to hold my breathe. It didn't smell like
Good Morning! It's a beautiful day and I feel great! Helping a friend this morning this is back to work! I'm also planting winter vegetables
What do I do when I'm so in love with you?
Doubled down on watercress and #chia in prep for Cookbook Webinar today at 3:00 EST. (Need Dr. Pepper) Can't wait.
GET IN TUNED!!
Hi : ) I am doing great! How about you? Congrats on being one of the top tweeters in Country Music!
Doctors appointment on Tuesday. Finally.
Pretending to wait for the cashier to wrap my (super inexpensive) gifts , but all I want to do is stay on this armchair & sleep.
After all you're my wonderwall
Burke is #Gopher hunting today! Boom.
We love having u! “: Always have the best time at the & parties in Vegas! Last night was a blast”
Color me intrigued!!! Tell me more, tell me more, tell me more!!!!
Thanks for the mention
i love when the boys arent covered in make-up.
"The woods would be very silent if the only birds that sang were those who sang best." -Henry David Thoreau
thank you!!
Everyone should try and love themselves. Its not the same as being cocky.
You not in the circle boo!!! Lmao
Would you trade either Berkman or Morse for Brandon Phillips? If so, who would you prefer? Thanks!!!
Dear people of the web: Do you really think spammers cannot figure out your clever info[at]gmail.com tricks? str.replace("[at]","@")
I want to make comic books with
What do you inoculate your starter culture with?
Drake concert was amazing.. Had so much fun..
Which 10 fascinating PDX characters should make it to 'revel in portland' volume 1 and give you their own personalized 8 top picks of pdx?
cool!! I'm editing, should take me a few hours, so look for it tomorrow morning!!! :D
“: WWYD IF I WAS BALLHEADED ?! LBVS” roast you until all your hair grow back
I told the waiter to get me some of the snaps on the snipe and make it snappy
I wanna go get in some trouble tonight!
Doctors say im the illest cuz im sufferin from realest!
Off work and headed to Time to ride
We did! Still always interested in meeting interesting folks though!
Shout Out To Hot Vogue !!!!
RT : Jamey Moyer, hero to middle-aged men everywhere, wins again for #Rockies and becomes oldest player to ever drive in a ...
- what's nwobhm?
almost choked on these damn selects
Ruth and I biked up to the Botanic Gardens today. I was a beautiful day for a ride in Chicago and we thought of you frequently.
dammit i slept weird now my joints hurt
I missed old caillou! they never said when is he gonna turn five! i've been waiting since childhood.
Goodnight to all. Believe in your dreams.
That's just the way it is.
Wish i had an iphone
9 out of 10 men prefer women with big tits
Just a side note- �Gary Vee� is Gary Vaynerchuk, author of Crush It!�maybe consider changing this for accuracy
Charcoal grilled chicken has to be the best invention ever. Thank you, cave men.
Happy Mother's Day to all you amazing moms I follow and to the mothers in your lives! Flowers now for everyone. OneLove.
I'm literally about to supper and then shortly after I will commence the slumber...
Gay-Mo looks nothing like me!!
Is on set powdering sweaty soldiers..life is good!
RT “: (RICK ROSS) I'm on a diet? somebody lie! i got 2 whoppers in the car! ugh!”
not much. Why the quote? Cause it's all good?
if you die before me I am going to see to it that that phrase goes on your tombstone
Had a great night I look forward to seeing you guys soon.
First Easter without family :/
Cedar plank salmon with smoked lavendar branches
RT: We are never justified in harboring unforgiveness towards anyone.
Summer is here!!!!
I'm always getting side eyes from my colleagues at work as I giggle in the morning listing to Star's Crazy behind! LOL/CTFU
Yes for Monday Social.
5/19 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
Thanks, Marliese! I'm definitely planning on blogging about it for :)
Steven Tyler needs to stop....right now.
what did you think? I thought it was fair except for the "get drunk and ride the metal ball" deal.
Hell Yes!
next time you can come! Yay!
When did basketball players stop "scoring" and start "scoring the ball" instead?
I think I wanna rent a Hamptons house this summer
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another. - G.K. Chesterton
getting ready to go to Santa Fe to go and look around. Really excited. And just got finished feeding my uncles cow watermelon.
What was mrs Jackson HW someone ?
615 am in the office, film at 715, practice then practice...can somebody say "READY TO BOUNCE!" Wait its only 220...uh yeah im tripping!
it's all good big dawg I still luh you
yeah but even those songs have a completely different vibe from their earlier stuff, nothing like For those who have heart
#onlyif I found a cure for cancer
Your guts, just my big foot...seems like its YOU that keeps rockin..way to go.
Hi Betty nice to hear from you .Larry
your first funny tweet!
I need to take a drive...
Stay tuned for another amazing announcement from ! We have 5,000 reasons you will be excited.
I totally understand how Anansa feels
My wife says, red light. Blue light. My 5 year old - what's blue light?? My 6 year old. The cops are coming. LMAO
...how is this different than Google docs, where you could save PDFs and share? Have you heard of an IPR challenge to that? Hmm
Here we go!!
she aint say dhat we was just curious cuz we havent heard about it in a minute
My brain hurts!!! It's a GOOD hurt...maybe I'm just over capacity on great info!
we used to get free tickets all the time. the supplier base dried up though :( bummer :(
RT : Am I the only one a teeny bit underwhelmed by Rooney in Givenchy HC? (No disrespect to peerless Team Tisci.) #oscars nope
I just realized that somewhere along the way Twitter 'unfollowed' for me. No wonder I've been so edgy...
Who's at the game?!
Check out , great for writers in social media.
I wonder if Justice knows the whole school laughs at all her tweets....... Embarrassing
HEY LYNDSEY, nailed this song on american idol season nine did she not?
Cougar Town is funny every year!
Talking in your sleep... Brooke: FLYKTOGKF!!! Me: what? Brooke: leave them alone. Me: leave who alone? Brooke: the shadows. I'm concerned.
2012 in America, and we are oh, so close to talking about the real issue of God, menstruation, and what is unclean, I can hardly stand it.
how do i be cool like u
Sounds like you had a good time!
I second that! RT : And I don't like these jerseys. I like the purple pinstripes.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
You don't have to convince me!
You guys should be bumpin' "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
Damn i heard tremors wasnt fast last night
Ha! what story did you rip off from me? I'm flattered! Unless you're playing a joke on me.
With all the talk of authenticity, it's surprising how many tweets are (obviously) automated.
interesting fact re broncos steelers you would think they would have met sometime in preseason over 51 yrs
ooVoo with the lovely !
You were looking for epic, right? Faily McFailfail is clearly more epic than simply McFail.
~ its good to see singh at the he's one of my favorite players
hope u got to stop by!!!
The lineup for WANGO TANGO IS AMAZING!
I'm ready to get into something the day is young ^_^
what does that mean? :-)
I had so much fun, too. What a wonderful mid-day treat. Hugs to sweet C!
Ursula gets impaled by a ship.
": thanks for the #FridayReads shout out!! Did you enjoy Diamond Life?" / yep...what's next??
That new jj song definitely samples a Charles Manson parole hearing.
but going back and forth with the gate agent will get u nowhere but left at the gate
hey where i can watch the video? do you have a link?
its funny how when justin berly tweets all his fans go crazy n start sending message n other tweets lol
Received a Citicard phishing email. Where can I forward to?
We be based here at Lake Cumberland. You on a houseboat bro?
Im the best I know
No, I bought a ticket, but couldn't get there. It was after work and I would have had to take 3 buses & skip dinner. Wanna go?
Just tried to pee in a empty pepsi can, stopped halfway, too messy. Can I borrow someone's di*k ?
that is awesome
Seeing today at U of Iowa. I can't have my student loan debt increase through higher interest rates as an educator!
Very happy that Phil Hartman finally won an Academy Award.
today Rock Center has watercress & potato w/bacon and tomato w/parmesan. all other NYC stores have split pea w/croutons.
Yea. I like hearing that. Mike and his crew do a fantastic job!
WAS THE WORST SMELL I HAVE SMELT MY HOLE LIFE
Seriously? An a Capella group awarded 4 being an influential Jewish tweeter...but no1 representing the Boston community? (censored)
ACCEL Points Eliminator kits for FORD V8 #2020 Are almost completely gone. 1 left in Ebay store Auction & 1 left on our online store only.
i know lol but i want him to call me soo bad lol
And your true colors finally came out. Who knew bitch was a color?
I would not like to be a flyer tonight.
CD on the way to work puts me in a good mood every morning :) I can't wait to see him!!
what did you do to your shock absorbers?
On the way to leather store for strap makin' stuff....
Just posted photos and a brief writeup of a recent Sunset Hills Vineyard tour. pastoral.loudounlandscapes.com
thank you!
dont feel that way hold ya head hun
This is not the life I chose but this is the life that chose me---
On the 100th anniversary of Lucille Ball's birthday, her daughter is asking fans of the "I Love Lucy" star to be joyous.
Folks &quot;dancing for diabetes&quot; in Ellis Square
Just told my cab driver his car smells like pancakes and syrup.
Looking for summer volunteer opp for 18 yr old son walkable from downtown #Carmel. He has low vision so can't drive, but is ok to work.
you're a creep
This is about the time where the whole "so much studying left, so little time" comes into play.
i don't think anybody under the age of 40 should be rocking a coach purse ... it just seems so granny-ish lol
there are those of us who live in the economy - and those who run it :-/
Man, who knows how many #Twitter followers I'd actually have if I quit reporting
Tweets are entertaining "AF" :)
#youknowyourhighwhen what if the music i hear isnt the same type of music you hear, so we all actually like and dont like the same music
Turkey creek
So far as I can tell, The Hunger Games is just (Stephen King's) The Running Man repackaged for the post-YA fiction craze.
thanks for the RT!
really, pissing on a tree with with 20 open potties 2 feet away
When leaving a job with a 401(k) or similar plan, rollover the assets to an IRA so you can choose the funds you want.
Thank you so much for the kind words in your return message. My Mom is better, but the even greater thing...she's happy again! THX
Im glad weve crossed paths- everytime I see you, I learn something about myself- sounds selfish, but you are an inspiration to me
Anyone able to sell t-shirts at Garibaldi or Turner tonight?
I hate how I'm so hungry late at night
Organize your business details with the Google Places dashboard.
I'm so pissed that they took you! You're a great player....kick some ass for the Impact! You will definitely be missed
you're right women need eyebrows
I hired a cleaning lady for the first time and she just arrived...I'm in heaven!
Spring break for the kids. Today was about riding bikes, volleyball practice, and karate drills in the backyard.
I love going all the way to class just to find out its cancelled
look at bailee with a twitter(:
I need to get my nails filled... asap
Who ready for the superbowl get at me
Happy Saturday--Thanks for the RT, Remind me...you either sacrifice speed, quality or ? I forget the third element
I'm tired as hell... it's gonna be an early nite...
hahah someone's bitter, lil bit of gardner as well for good measure
im not a basic human being
I tried and the dude literally said "Bank cards work too"
-_-....WHAT?! RT them African bunnies are no joke B
hey girl! how is your earring line going? thought of you bc I want to carry some pieces for my store, !
Dis is my movie
Oh you are a cat , then
Two great vocal jams Local 802 Friday w Frank Owens at 6pm. Monday IWJ at 7pm at st Peters. Antoinettemontague.com
I'm so over itt... and himm, shit i tried.
SAY SOMETHING CAUSE YOUR DRIVING ME CRAZY WOAHHHHH.<333
still, it's admittedly underwhelming. p4k can pull artists better than that.
RT : #mediachat okay. I am totally interested in now
": Lmaooooo Kevin Hart Short ass"
So muthafukas towed my shit 5 min after I got out the car 100dls to get out I told the driver Its dem tires go e cost u more...
Why? What's going on ? #gladurhavingagoodday 😊
Haha I know, right?! Where is my storm story when I need some news! And no biscuits either...Forsooth.
any good spots in Georgia for a soapy tit wank????
Your favorite bag from your new collection is that on HSN, I think I missed it, because I got to have that bag.
Wrapping up another fantastic week filled with green roof, living wall & rainwater harvesting projects. We design/bid/build/maintain -oh my!
We feel free when we escape - even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire. --Eric Hoffer
Rehearsing for There's some pretty hilarious stuff happening.
well I bet you are a stud. Do you only run the 200?
Thank You Jesus...!
Lmao. Its funny how u dont hear from people til they in need of something. U know i got three kids and doing this parenting thing on my own
We're training CPS educators for our Facilitator Training the next 2 days on using in their classroom.
the power went off in my school all day and we had a lockdown for like an hour because of the tornado warnings. Crazy weather!
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/24/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Very proud of my oldest son Cody who graduated with is Bachelors Degree this morning from Texas Wesleyan University. Well done C
Ugh can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow 💆💇
we were so bad ass. we seriously have SO many pictures together. I miss you too ! so much :(
submit it!!!!
Based on? Skeptical how this news got to Miami before Chicago.
On this shift, I have to do coffee, then work out!
I go #running during my lunch. RT : Anyone who works in an office - how do you get activity throughout the day?
Lol totally used to do this! “: Faking the date on your homework so it doesn't look like you did it last minute. #funnyfacts”
At Big Woods Brewing Company on a date with (my husband). We pretty much just talked beer and critiqued the brewery.
are you 'inserting' the date or typing it?
:: is hosting its 3rd Annual Youthfield Day Picnic this Sat. 4/7 @ 12p on Haulover Beach, FL. FREE food, games, & music.
Thanks for the kind words man..
Rain #1 and Bulls game #2!!!
My mom says i have to start early if I'm gonna make my dreams reality ... I'm ready to start now(:
I get sacred everytime sends me picture mail
Quote Twiwaa Japan Mo Potion De Il $$$™
hahaha i knew what you were doing when you texted me!!
Spa day with mamma rob and gma rob :)
You do not want to miss PGHTee tonight ! This is a great chance to see great art and drink tasty homebrew.
Sumbody gotta hate me, cause too many people love me❤
sounds good!
Happy Birthday Beautiful Lady! I hope your special day is full of love and joy! :)
used by 1.5M+ devs, is #1 mobile app publisher in Apple’s App Store making it a #FASTech50 on.wsj.com/lc42MJ
schwartze had 2 and was the intercept. And was the last try.
So good. So good!
Don't hold a phone interview via cell? Most of #GenY only has a cell. Hold cell phone interview where calls are not dropped.
Work every day to BE YOURSELF and fulfill your brand promise. The best brands are made with consistent & persistent performance.
Discussing banks for next year with mi padres so I'm not broke and living off of and her family in Terre Haute...
Freshh cut for the weekend.
The #mysteries in #life are what make it stressful and exciting at the same time.
Because love is unconditional.
You make me loathe humans slightly less...
Tomorrow open at 1030 AM Hoping to see the Irish get another win.
: It's not the type of school; it's the environment, vision, and techniques used in the school.
. is very behind. Saw on that scored, then waited to see it. #Bruins still have a chance to repeat at this rate
Happy Birthday!!!!
#thursday is the long day of babysitting
Thanks for your comment. What's the better question in your opinion?
At some point it'd be worthwhile to read À la recherche du temps perdu in French; can't ever see myself working up the ambition.
Stylist is dening it..
Want to cut your debt? Pay off your smaller bills first and then focus on the larger ones.
that means a lot coming from u, Bradley.
Sounds like a plan!
In bed, watching my saturday morning cartoons while eating cereal out of the box ^_^"
of course I will tell them. We miss you all and love you all too! <3
Controversial Republican Christine O'Donnell in #DC next Thursday, August 18th &Noble downtown to sign copies of her new book
There is a difference between not knowing and not knowing yet. --Shelia Tobias
Acid Staining Concrete Floors Atlanta Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Stamped Concrete Patios Atlanta Ga 770-380-5277 Check Us Out !
awesome story on Thai Basil, Nur! Thanks! Beers again soon?
i like to burp and sneeze on people
What's up bitches ?
some fraternity or sorority on campus.
"the betrayal" episode of "Seinfeld" is on right now
A: The beach, but since my parents never brin
You're right! We can have a contest! Would love to see Anna spitting out seeds on Ball Circle!
Damn do she ever tell me goodnight.. :/
we have a butter cow bandanna at our booth if you want to add to your collection!
lol yeah we played alot and wrestled! :D so yeah she was def worn out and so was dad :P
ah OK. I love photography. I have tons on my Facebook. I also use an app called pixleromatic to edit
that sucks!
you're welcome! :)
Flying now to Singapore on my way to#WPA in Jakarta--long trip ahead--time to catch up and get ready for a great week ahead!
I second that! When will it end?!?!
Gonna watch Spongebob bye
by chance see #theraven yet, big Cusack and Poe fan, is there a chance it's good?
Talking about politics kind of makes me feel bleh lately. An exercise in futility really.
hey a women that can get what they want without giving up the guds #respect girls who give it up just because need to be saved
writing....i'm already on page 14. :)
oh I bet!!!!! I'm I'm west anchorage! RIGHT by the epicenter!!! Scary!
Old School Mix on til 10p then on deck Alter Ego Sundays from with
More to come, for now goodnight everyone =D
Gee thanks! =)
Hehe. I had an uh appointment 😉
I agree-ery.
:o thats scary
16 when auditioned, 16 when called back, 16 when got the part, 16 when told i cant do the part because i am 16.
Great work out .
#Smash not holding my interest, so far very disappointed. Too bad really like Debra Messing
USC Grad's Second Olympic Chance
you bring your friends we will bring ours!
Datz My Favorite Part Hhaha..! When He Wuz Going To Da BathRoom
Young Avenue Deli, how is it even possible to do business when you have nowhere to park?
Thank you for the re tweet
I love my Glee playlist on Pandora... Especially when it plays songs from Disney movies! Perfect homework music!! :-)
you give me butterflies :)
"What are ya gonna stick me with some fuckin needles?!"
Happy mothers day to the best mom ever
at a party i was at someone just changed Justice to Miley Cyrus. WTF
Teaching my friend how to use Twitter
Watching end of #NASCAR Budweiser Shootout. Lots of auto racing #sportsbiz conversations recently. Still TBD if something there.
I was on our Tactical Team for 19 yrs and I know how hard it is to leave but I saw your other Tweet Congrats on the State job
try Maggies on the South Hill instead and then go to Chaps for lunch
one of the panelists was from ; we bonded over our love for the great ladies in
Based on the costumes I've seen, I've concluded that Michelle Pfeiffer is some form of pixie, faerie or sprite.
March 1,1994:56am Weighed 7llbs and 11oz.He Grew up in Stradford-Ontario,Canada with Christian,Ryan,and Chaz.I know more.
Close #OKCThunder game force me to wait until late to run. Just did intervals in the dark at 10 p.m.
Happy Fish Fry!
LOL OMG THIS MADE ME DIE IM GOING TO BED WITH A SMILE
Charlie Sheen is my idol and I would love for some tiger blood in me!!! Charlie Sheen should be president!!!
I like this. RT : The Pacers have lead for 6 out of the 8 quarters .. People better start realizing they CAN win this series!
Really liked your link on css learned a few things!
#Kim #Possible is trending. In my world, this makes sense.
Weddings always have to be stressful... Ah running around gathering everything for Alex & Mark's big day!
im at home
omg me too! My friend just got one and I'm so jealous!
Dear Universe - please send me someone to love. Thanks!
Congrats to Sophia for winning the giveaway!!
Building carpet removal started at 8am. I bet the apartments w/ bedrooms next to the stairwell are loving this.
Favorite day of the year ... not.
you did though!
Would love to discuss! Can you send us details!?
good to meet ya again. If you need a pedicab ride again anytime, hit me up. Heh.
There's a lot #WalkScore doesn't account for. It's no gold standard.
stayin in tonight..not feelin so good :c
Commission public input hearing from Whittier. Watch now at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
Today's ideas must take into account tomorrow's mobility demands.
May the lord bless you and keep you for that. Kate is the true miracle.
The Third Principle of Kwanzaa is Ujima (Collective Work and Responsibility).
hey I luv u so much plzzz follow me!!;)
If a man sleeps with over 100 women on yo ass then ur pussy must b awful
Feel free to bring him :-)
cuz i made you walk !
arent we all hustling ...gotta stay on it.... lock in
#Knicks somehow keeping it close. Not playing Toney Douglas helps.
Don't know why, but columns never save right in I'd read a lot more of their stuff if they did . . .
how do u know? Did the lord personally tell u that? Or did u read it in a book written by man?
Yeah. Something with a browsable front-end. All the good services seem to be media-type specific (Vimeo, Scribd, etc).
RT : Tickets to the show are going to make the PERFECT birthday gift.
thats why you switch to girls
If anyone can tell me how to get a 600GB 6Gb/s SAS 15K 3.5-inch HDD in the philly proper area within 4 hours, I would love you forever.
will make you a dirty sully next time if you bring the olive juice
it's a strange thunder rolling through my head
babe i tested you love and you just failed the exam shame ..
Refer a friend a get $5. Go to dealoria.com for details
for the x factor!!!
leading our office bracket - go heels
Me: "over 40% of women think marriage is outdated. Wow!" : "100% of men think women are crazy!" lol touché.
that's not a surprise!!! You the bomb Anthony :)
Mark probably has one of his grandkids doing it for him... ;p
how many techno invents were made possible by the technology and materiality of the post-it?
#NACUA : Many institutions report having implemented hiring freezes to lower employment costs.
Anybody want to go to burrito bros today?
i should point out that the article includes women in that list. Women, Latinos, Blacks = tickets! ;)
I will share some photos from the show Hedda Gabler shortly.
#BackInMiddeSchool single A girls basketball was the highlight of those 3 years
when i got cute texts >
the seniors are lucky this is their last full week.
And just like that, Amy G. starts to get the hate tweets. Poor girl, 162 games until its all over.
You guys did a great job! The students are lucky to have such awesome alums! :)
Please hold hearing & vote on HR 2885. 7 million illegal aliens in non-ag jobs. 20 million Americans need job
Ha! I love that this is so shocking. I would've joined a while ago, but it took me a while to decide on a handle.
Agreed. RT : Great strategies! RT : Super insight from
I wish you could google how people feel about you.
Could be a killer for OTAs...they better keep an eye on this
check out our article on how we think #jagr will do in the nhl at www.weeklylineup.net
Jonathan and Charlotte were so good #bgt :)
Anyone selling their #SXSWi badge? I'm looking to buy one for #sxsw interactive this week.
once i'm back from recovery we'll go out & look for what equipment best fits us
haha. Oh sorry! I'm not sure. I think we are trying to do it tomorrow night. I'll talk to kristein and tell you more! :)
bastard! Let's get cub nation after him! Tell her to find a cubs fan. We treat the ladies right!!!
I will never reveal my secrets
When YOU dont text back <<<
I like the feeling of a little jalapeno pepper juice in my eye.
baby you a groupie .
I really like the points the kid in the camo hat keeps yelling out
.com check it out THANKS...
And that had nothing to do with my disliking of the Cubs either.
Marika our sound editor is on a roll. Sven's music is great, she says and by this time we should be complete. Talk about exciting!
To wear pants or not wear pants, that is the question.
time for lunch - i'll be back for the afternoon sessions - more to come!
Skipping the kickoff party at the Pilot in favor of the librarian pajama party at the Marriott
Look for our new Crisp & Fresh spring themed white wine rack at the downtown #Indy Marsh location!
that is a lovely quote
she need to shut her ass up
It's crazy to be able to see how one person can inspire so many and give people something more to believe in.
Our top tweeters this week!
me TOO
"Hey. I'm a Super Hero. Royalsman. You, wanna grab nachos sometime?" As you can tell, that line always works.
Give me a follow and I'll DM you back, young papa.
“: When you Smile, The Whole World Stops and Stares for a While :) .x” awh stop Harry, you're making mi blush <3
A sedan extravaganza in the Big Apple A slew of mid-sized, full-sized and luxury-brand sedans will be unveiled at the New York auto show
Netflix, I will punch you in the face for not having "Field of Dreams!"
Kobe doesn't look like he is going to last the entire game.
yeahs! can't wait to get caffeinated with ya**
GO TO BES
why was FSTV the only one televising the #OneNation march today?
Yeap im not
To the tourists who casually jaywalked and endangered their own lives on 17th St. just now, you guys are so dumb. A car can hurt you!
Got my Dayglow ticket yesterday.
I love that song. Do you want to hear a funny group to listen to? Haha. What my friends listen to?
Of Course! Thanks for keeping us in the loop with your great blog!!!
getting ready for a roadtrip to Bend tomorrow to see bro Matt, his wife Nicole, and baby Ivy
Guess who I saw today!!??
thanks Brian
dude that was so hard to read my mom was lookin at me weird haha but that's sad
I must have rode my bike to work in the pouring rain today because my brain is so smart it can convince me to do the stupidest shit.
I'll take them on as wards of Stoolman manor. Raise 'em to be the proper Hawk fans their dad would be happy of.
Momma Knows Best - Jessie J
#WhatHurtsTheMost knowing that doesn't know of my existence and I sit here all day talking about him -___-
Novak on fire! Cold as ice. He is both!
Order Magic Article Submitter Separately for $55
Lmfao proper wish I had a welsh accent
Thanks to for helping in our phone bank tonight!
Herman Cain is a public access cable character created by Tim and Eric.
Everybody is a genius. But if u judge a fish by its ability 2 climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it's stupid -Einstein
Scandal.....wow....Scandal went there
is the warren coach getting fired?
are you serious? Is SHE serious???
ill translate for ya
Hi, I see that you are a marketer. Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
Got the Burberry shoot plus another shoot this weekend and I'm up for two runway shows. Hate to say it but YAY ME ;)
I made myself a healthy LARGE energy drink. "ELECTRO MIX" dietary supplement (found @ sprouts), 1 liter of HALF CRANBERRY/ HALF WATER.
naw lol, that's my blood cousin justin, im kyle.
right.. I see they cut Melanie last night..
Happy Valentine's Day Kids-Art fans!!! <3
Many #women with #BV actually have no symptoms at all, though some may experience burning or itching or discharge.
shopping day! :)
Me, too! 5+ hrs on email yesterday & now you can't even tell. Worse thing it was only home acct;school acct a mess, too!
All time saying right there
All natural does not always mean healthy.
I hate dumb hoes <<<<
We are seeing more examples of #creative #audiences in #SNS. If you find an example send it our way for our next book on social media
Andy Katz was just asked on radio if anyone in New Orleans is picking Kansas tonight. He said someone: #Badgers coach Bo Ryan.
This weekend try our "Take-Make-and-Bake" cheese pizza kit with dough ball, sauce, cheese & instructions for $5.25. Also available in vegan.
well its about My Little Pony so totally plausible :P
Forecast for Friday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69. Light...
what? you don't like slow jams?
All this talk about what Brady Quinn said...who cares? I mean come on it's BRADY QUINN...nobody's ever really wanted him
What type of luncheon will it be?
She use to stress him, find ways to impress him...Now she think less of him and wishes the best for him.
Thanks so much for sharing our invite!
Awww feel better cuz!! That always sucks Rt ": Back 2 work after being off for 2 days. Being home sick sucks!"
Me thinks the worst of #snowpocalypsetwoelectricboogaloo is past us. But then again, I ain't no meteorologist.
Happy to have you following. Enjoy your weekend:
Haha, the dog has emphysema #the middle...awsome show
What I thought was going to be a bump in the road has turned into a pretty steep hill... Gotta' find the right gear.
Kobe plays to shoot as many times as possible. Lebron shoots 53% while Kobe shoots 43%. Sounds like Lebron wants to win more.
How do we create a movement? Developing passionate communities and having a clear call to action. People want to help.
Hanging out at Arbor 8 Great Hills for the 2nd Annual Grateful Dead Meet-up at the Movies.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.—Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Having to find out things from another person rather than from the one that was supposed to tell you <<<<<
I am a very lucky man! I love my family and my job.
TOO MUCH DRAMA
Is it my imagination or is Instagram a modern day version of Polaroid on still video ?? #justwondering ....
that's why I left when I did. “: 2 of the homies about to fight each other and I ended up with ranch on me. Glad I'm sober”
Which plan is more crazy: running for president with no money/experience or moving to Canada? Discuss.
Okay, didn't loose any poundage last week but lost 1/2" of waist and 2" off hips. So still considering it a major win.
Lancaster Chamber orders Prosperity Indicators report
Inception takes its FOURTH Academy Award for
If and when Torino's decides to rebuild, we'll be there to support them!
e-Transaction screen reports are starting to be run more often! Looks like it's time to make sur ereports are done by the experts.
Retail therapy isn't as effective when you're broke from previous retail therapy sessions.
”I don't think any pleasure should be guilty” Right on Glenda!
Who the hell invented "my yearbook" that shit is stupid!
Girls on panel explaining importance of Empowerment of Rural Girls#UNICEF So happy that we're streaming this event. Important topic
The background on your page is fierce!
Based on ur Jacob portrayal in BD1, I suggest "I Need a Hero". An oldie, but I bet alot of Twihards would say it suits you!!
Honey 2 will never ever ever be As great as the first honey, I really wonder why they tried to make honey 2 it's straight up WHACK!
I really dont like Jim Schwarts. What a turd.
Expect anything from anyone.
Nope, and for that reason, I'll only buy my shoes from zappos. Much less hassle, better selection, faster!
These guys are cool -->
no problem :)
On a Day Basis Outfit? What is it? Xx
do you smoke weed?
It will happen!
i lost my twitter touch.
Great talk by Dalton Caldwell - a true master pivoting
Unfortunately I don't think I can use urban dictionary for this.
Happy Birthday, !
-Saw your remix. Great!
I'm gonna tell you late I'm going to take a nap :)
Looking at latest radar: I think snow will end between 1-2am most areas. Until then...let it snow!
-got svc on 10/28 it didn't work for a month, then they sent a repairman called me stupid twice - now a bill for $566.55 SUX!!
Let this be a lesson on trusting "gossip sites" as reliable sources of information.
willy called to tell me I'm a pansy
I got yelled at for shaking my head at someone! Duude
Why do I wake up early on the mornings I need sleep the most!!? Then I can't go back to sleep...
You never can really fix my heart
who heard that j.cole album ...
Saying the iPad is just a giant iPod is like saying the Weather Channel is just a giant thermometer.
Awhh okay, I gotta find my way up there to hang!
There is a very intense game of Bananagrams going on at The BeerHive right now!
Patriots Day and the #bostonmarathon. Do you do anything to celebrate?
yeah I just realized I read that wrong lmaoo
and all the players, thank you for a great game tonight. I'm proud to be a fan!!!
So looking forward to the SECUSSA reception at #nafsa12. Um, okay it's not 2003...never mind!
invite to you come meet the candidate for Cleveland Clerk Courts today 5pm-7pm Grumpy'S in Tremont on west 14th
had Tony Hartman recording steel pan at the house. "I Need Some Money" b/w "To Be Named Later" 45 coming this fall on Green Vinyl
We spotted search crews out near Skyline Elementary again today. Hear what we learned about their efforts at 5pm
let me know next time you go, I have unlimited free tickets
Our podcast is similar. Beginning to try creating content rather than just recording lectures/events.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.11
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Check out SAPB! presents 650 North - a free concert! this week!
lol, thanks so much! .::mush::.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 10
authenticity is everything.
Q from : is it possible to segment an audience to a point of it being too small?
hey what's up? Its my new nephew
Google something funny!
How Much Would A Person Do in Order To Go To Their Happy Place. ?
Busiest days of the year for the post office will be the next 3 business days.
I Cried when I saw the Movie The Lucky One! :'(
4 things we say at New Tech: 1: I need a charger! 2. Do you have a dollar? 3. When am I gonna need to know this? 4. MR. MARTIN!
Another photoshoot-filled weekend!
The rapper guy was pretty good.
You go lady! : Feels good to be running again.
I got golden rubbers in these denim pockets ;)
how come the death of children is a favorite subject for the Sun on Twitter? How about some insight or some inspiration?
THINGS I WOULD DO TO THAT MAN n ;p such a nice ass
Ugh FML it wont let me delete that picture whatever #YOLO :p
I'm sorry for what i've done, who I have become. I don't know who I am apologizing to, mostly myself I guess.
Tomato soup - Drat! I hate when things like that happen. So not fun to clean up.
Feeling depressed & being tempted. please pray for me
Will Ferrell AND Zac Efron in town this weekend. Tune into at 10p to find out where you can see 'em ;)
My snow shoveling efforts were lackadaisical. I like shoveling after a snowstorm when the sun is out. Today, gray. Let spring do it, I say.
yo happy birthday man!!! Scorpios unite... Celebrating mine at the next SNS!
I'm craving NY pizza now. THANKS
Glad to hear it's a bit better!
I wish I could play the theremin.
Thanks. In Paris right now. Going to Brittany tomorrow :)
RT : Appreciating media who wait to confirm things today.
"What a shame that bitter irony has no nutritional value." - a bumper sticker my mom saw
Top of the Morning to you, smoke somethin tho
Growing up, I had the same answering machine as Diane Court.
Looking forward to sharing my new Electric Six video with you shot here in Portland
Not surprised will be at both. I see that guy everywehre.
How is everyone on this awesome saturday? Good I hope:)
Did you know that every 60 seconds 695,000 #status updates, 79,364 wall posts and 510,040 comments are published on #Facebook?
House is open! Who else is here for #mystere?
&& yu guys wonder why girls do yu dirty! Wtf!
What's worse the officiating or chris webber?
RT I #justread LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN by Colum McCann. it blew me away. now on to GREAT HOUSE by Nicole Krauss
#HouseParty #Echelon3000 Thursday w/ Meek Mills! Ladies *FREE* all night!
hiya!! :) im just chilling!! Just got home from school about 20 minutes ago. Hbu
Note to a certain Governor in the presidential primary-profile pics of you and a puppy does not make you any less of a d-bag.
been to the year 3000 not much has changed but they lived under water& your greatgreatgreat granddaughter is doing fine.
Hey y'all you should follow for great insight, updates and inspiring family news
I'm going to jump in and disagree, on the discovery front. Summon has improved our web presence significantly. #libchat Q1
About to start talks
Looking to connect 11th grade Advanced Spanish class with class in Spanish speaking country. Any suggestions?
Abercrombie & Fitch , I love there clothes, there high but i like it(:
Bases Loaded! Lets go Gordon!
u are too cute :D and tattooed heart sounded so good
HAPPY BIRTHDAY You are still such an inspiration to chase my dream! Larry's.
I'm delighted to find my city councilman on Twitter. And he's a librarian!
well you better get an A on it den lol
Hm should I wear shorts today
Amen....I lost a lot of respect for him...Even if you disagree with the pres....you still show respect. BAD CHOICE
Its been a while.
I am hosting the tonight from 7pm_11pm playing the best of, 2011. Also making an announcement,at 8pm. Tune in www.xpn2.org
Phone night for my hubby - just talked to a man who told me he votes how his wife tells him. Amen to that!
I want to text but I'm too lazy to go get my phone...
Go Detroit!
Brigham Young was married 55 times but Mitt Romney doesn't think gays should get married a first time
Sorry Henrietta, O.N.E. just set the bar too high for all other Yeasayer songs.
GUYS! IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING.. I GOT HACKED AGAIN. FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!
He died before I was born. His choice to end his life affected me. We never got to meet each other and I never had him in my life.
If you thought that shot of poor Prince William's bald spot TMZ
your cool too homie. :)
Pretzels are popular during Lent because they are made only of salt, flour, and water. The shape comes from arms crossed in prayer.
don't jinx us.. living in sin has been far better than marriage.. just no tax breaks, so I guess we'll get hitched soon ;)
Thanks for dropping off cupcakes to CBS Chicago!
GUESS WHAT?:D
Lyrical madness son. You better win!
volley back to
The scene where Dash is outrunning the henchmen's blades? Perhaps my favorite scene!
Here in Kentucky 💰🐎💰derby city is a bit wet but not enough to take a chance on a great race or two👍👍👍👍
Who are the artists that can pull us together? Jerry Patch
U can be #blessed by holy
Lunch special is a spicy lemon pepper chicken sandwich. Burgers tonight from 5pm-10pm for $2. Book your Easter reservation today
MT : TweetUp on #kids wins in the #ACA begins in 25 minutes! Come prepared with Qs for #HHS Dr. Askew. Use hashtag
I will. Deal. (': ": you better pick it up quick baby girl! We are Gunna go ham"
Just got done doing #Homework....now im wide awake needing somebody to text #SN: ytf do I like doing #Homework lol it gets me going!!!
Sweatbands are a breeding place for bacteria
yeah here in about an hour I am.. you?
Sorry about declining your friends request on #foursquare but I don't know you! For all I know u could be a stalker or a psycho!
On the bright side, I learned today there is an official way in iOS 5 to style a popover. I always hated the default popover look.
happy birthday!!
Someone should stab my stomach area. Probably would be less painful than these cramps. 😠🔫
Church was awesome! I'm feeling renewed & restored! I can't think of a better way to spend my birthday than hearing the word w/ my kids
location location location!
Jr is the son on Pastor Marvin Winans.
Same to you!
Every season requires adjusting to change..Every adjustment is Gods way of growing you so you will always provide a fruitful life!
Go out on a limb. That's where all the fruit is - Jimmy Carter
yea she told me you and jojo
shot out to everybody who decided to chill at the crib have a drink bloke a blunt and just get the bullshittin
Koreans cant drive for shit.
Happy Easter everyone! :3 Enjoy your mounds of candy ^-^
oh good! my DVR is set b/c my BF will make too much fun of me if I watch it. He's putting together furniture for me so I gave in
still no table draws ehh? :/
Good for you! If the real you isn't good enough. Then it's their problem and not yours.
so yo bi-polar ass going nw ???
Postal Service & Postal Roads are in the Constitution, but it doesn't specify where/when of mail delivery, so there is leeway here
Pabst meeting in Charlotte with and = no beer drinking until at least noon :(
I Earned Ma Strips Nigga! Sun Up Ta Sun Down
In Carmel/Monterey Bay for the next week. Have a favorite tea spot I need to checkout?
"get in the car, shut up, and hold on to the seatbelt for your life. I'm driving." wise words from my best friend..
! What are all of 1D's official twitters?! xD
will drop an email with details
Excuse me miss, but sexy can I?
stretch vs. shady
Shred it, yo! (do I sound legit?) Have fun!
The stress of the hurt leaves you RT : How do you know when you have achieved #forgiveness?
I love Jesus <3 im sorry if you don't.
Whoa small social world- i see simon's () tweet and Jessica () is in it. Crossfit meets highschool!
hey we were up n I didn't wanna hear that and he didn't too haha so were like uhh were gone 30min later we were back there done
Who is Stanley Tucci for the
RT : Asheville & Hendersonville Deals & Info on Ur Android or iPhone. Download free App!
that's cool, mines November 6 :)
Finished 's QUIET. Required reading, especially for introverts, teachers, and parents.
s/o to that athletic chick
Too much of nothing is just as though.
“: S/O to my 400th follower ! :D Thanks (: ” ur welcome!
old enough to FREE MYSELF FROM THE OPINION OF OTHERS :D...cheers
sounds like fun
Woodruff gives me bad vibrations.
also, if you're interested in the annual mission in general, check out CHPAA's website: chpaa.org
Happy mama's day to Mama Maslow to!
People keep saying the spurs are old...are they watching the same game I am?
could i get a shoutout?
Im gonna write to the and share my story ... young fashion designer on the rise :)
Thanks Jordan, your tweets are bite-sized brilliance and it's gonna be great to have you on the show Wednesday!
I'll eat the laser tacos anyway. A little hot sauce will cover the spoiled flavor.
Wow it'a been 35 years since Roots?
As the 1st generation w/ social media. Wonder what we will post when we r 80/90 yrs old? Walgreens is taking forever! Just Checked n 2 Bingo
Still time. :) There were several in my group who did it after retirement. Oldest in my group was mid-70s.
Thank you Jim!! It's great to hear from you!
If Courtney uses her little girl voice this episode someone is going to get maimed.
M-Town BANG.
“There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle." Albert Einstein
need more followers tell ur friends 2 follow me thx
good stuff...small businesses need to be aware of what/how to help themselves online!
Super Bowl = Gross
i'm glad i'm not alone!!
The NFL's Miami Dolphins are delivering a free daily mobile video experience to engage the team's community of "Finatics.
that's good dude! :)
The only true measure of success is ur happiness
RT : A virtual assistant can maintain your calendar for you.
now i know how to use this thing thanks dru
She say its so.good more then worth waitin I say if its that good then baby we might as well get naked!
We have 60 salons in the Charlotte area. 20 in Charlotte itself. Would be more than happy to recommend a location.
Hey FOX, how do you like them
i dont have a phone but we can talk here if u want
don't worry, that was me..Mike and edited by chief of staff: Chris
You know who was a totally underrated boy band back in the 90s? Soul Decision! You know who cares? Me neither...
lol naw im good bro hit me when u get back in
#confession I love the water.. I started swimming when I was two years old.
I love being FOR THE PEOPLE .. Everyone should be, right and
it's hard to see how facebook is worth much of anything. remember how fast the bottom dropped out of myspace?
just because I don't talk to you like I used to doesn't mean I dont care about you...
New best fweinds? :O
Perfect. RT : I recently worked with Kermit. Behind his back, I was referring to him as a “Goldman Sachs employee.”
I hate it when you're peeing and the power goes out...
Fun opinion poll! Which is the best #Transformers #Voltron or
Venice is the most magical city in the world
ARIANATORS! Has Ariana planned her live chat??
it's really hard when your boyfriend gets mad at you with everything you say, everything you do everyday. and makes it a big deal
Something doesn't seam right. He's saying stuff and you're saying something else. What the fuck.
Well it Thursday nite & you know what time it is, yup Acoustic Thursday, where music meets good food and good friends & it's MAGIC...
haha why am i so weird
USA Today readers shall inherit the earth
plus the bible also says to exile women when they're menstruating. The picking and choosing of what to ignore...
Got part in #TheTomb..Sly/Arnold flick..never have worked with Sly..very excited..films in 1 of my fav. cities
yes, we love TangoTab and NYC!
Alright, Twitter. Round 3. FIGHT! (This is my 3rd go at this. Hopefully I can stick with it this time).
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
Man vs Food at Ye Ole StHs! That and national signing=homesick. 3rd Saturday in October can't get here fast enough.
#betterma Is there too much control because of a long serving mayor that will not let go of power and drive more innovation?
stay focus
Up All Night from 11pm.-2am tonight! Food, activities, and prizes of all sorts! Siblings over age 12 are welcome. $5 to benefit St. Jude's.
nice story! nice cupcakes! Right down the street!
