omg hi mya i love u
so when u leavin?
Hey what's up:)
seriously, UNC? a snow day for this, but you didn't cancel classes in january when it was 8 below with 30 mph winds...
Why does this hurt so much??
U know what I mean though. If LaRussa was managing the Reds they'd be a WS contender.
Our first HYDRO (YES!) #BhutJolokia! We've been trying to make these 5 #GhostPepper plants flower indoors for almost 6 months!
Bout to hit the pillow
No problem! We look forward to seeing you next time :)
Are you reading PERDIDO STREET STATION now? It's on my bedside table as next book to read!
I like the challenge #oomf lowkey tryna put me up against :)
Feeling Blessed, Motivated and Inspired!
Lucroy with a Triple. #Brewers have a Gem at Catcher.
I love the smell of Shakespeare and the lack of smell of Webster in the morning.Let it be a good day.
I hope you have good kim chee to wash it down with
Mad they espn wasted the #6 spot on the top ten plays of wednesday
but I do have this one.
is the glee cast performing at the superbowl!?
Thanks so much!
Nahh, I just left. Be safe tho bruh...and turn up this summer!
Considering this growing popularity, there are some online photo printing services that allow you to take full control to print them canvas
My granddad bout to drop his first mix tape its called **Stay Young Or Die Trying**
My mom just mailed me 13 baby pictures of myself. Why...
c: IRISH PEOPLE ftw.
Cool Ill send um in a sec :)
Are you ready for the holiday shopping? I will have some great reference points on how to watch out for
Hello fellow alumna!
Do you design for them all the time or is this a one time deal?
Riding the 1st mile of railroad in the US. What would the builders of this thought of 6hr flights to California and the TSA putdowns?
will do, thank you
Nothing like making your code work and watching the board we designed operate properly. :)
Trey Burke should be way more selfish. He's special. No one else on Michigan is.
Northbound lincoln has re-opened.
lol! Ur right. And I know that all too well. Fact: 02/14 is Judgment Day for fitness new years resolutions.
alright will do :)
I have 800 followers... How many will follow ? He's hilarious!
21 Jump Street!! Give me all the you have.
She's impervious...... Or I have no game.... I'd say a little of both.
Volunteer-Driven Criminal Justice Alternative to Arrest, Probation, or Incarceration is CAP -- Community Acceptance Program
I'd rather flat out beat their ass, than win on a technicality.
a new icon?
My mom is following me on twitter...
So, I assume if the ever completes the trilogy with Naqoyqatsi, you'll be in those higher-up seats?
I wish I was a stronger woman and wasn't so emotional about things.
are u going to the guam beauty event?
Good luck to all those competing in today!
hate makes you so disgusting to look at... Yuck yuck yuck
yep it just arrived right before I left but if ur going to the parade there will be a trailer on the route & 2 tents @ AAC
outining my paper on outlining. how many pages should the outline for an 8-10 page paper be? do i remember how to only write 8 pages?
Id be a Mami fan if she was on the field instead
Thanks for the invite ):
I simply think Mr. Lawson's analysis doesn't acurately frame the challenges we face...and his solutions are not helpful
Great job! RT : Visit a Park Week--Fun Fact: With 100+ volunteers we built a new playground at Wirth Court Park in just 1 day!
On my way to Los Angeles to give a Genetic #Genealogy presentation on Monday night!
double good job to you for confusing me after I confused someone else.
and I can't stop listening to you... :D
Shut up -_-
now I think I need a 3rd twitter account: 1 for business, 1 for fun, 1 for making myself look better than I really am.
that is awesome. I have ideas in case you were wondering, but you probably already knew I have ideas;)
Hello Memphis!
Just looked down and see my Ipod is about dead...could be a long afternoon
Applebee’s = Fancy Denny’s
Thanks for the great article! We really need to move the discussion on boards forward. It's a critical problem in the industry.
Not happy about being up at 6:45 am on 1) a Saturday and 2) st patricks day to move. Sigh.
lol Oh see you have to be specific.
Shopped all day for curtains and didn't find nothing. Anybody know where I can find some more options?
i love it when you give me head...but i hate it when you give me headaches
Read 2day's newsletter w EarTyme piece bout blugrass doc & Steep Canyon Ranger interview from
This white girl said she wanna be exotic and told me to blind fold and tie her up and do what black folks do best. I said ok then robbed her
settle down everyone: If you are a child of God, You will always be God's. The fact is : Watch your steps, Satan's Children are watching us,
I love these. Now I have new music to listen to at work!
okay cool .. im just trying to see how much i'll have to pay monthly
#Happybirthdaytravisclark Have you heard of ? They have an awesome ginger like you & have done covers of WTK.
it reminds me of Clarissa Explains It All
#4famouswords To Each Your Own
Awesome! RT : Jerry Sanders, SD Mayor shares his own wellness story of 100 lb weight loss" as member #betterhealth"
Except when the same thing makes you sad, angry or joyful for the 70th time...Then promise, reply and decide!
I dreamt last night that the end of the world did in fact occur with everything from the white house to the local library-all blown up O_o
i'm scared lol
u mean u don't want random men to worship u for being asain. Its not all that #creepy.. ok maybe it is
I guess someone didn't pay their light bill!
Its game day!!! Time for the REAL season to start!! #excited #LAKERSBABY!!!
definitely didn't expect the hooded samurai sword wielding person with zombie slaves.
#NowPlaying #chess w/ a 6 year old
they are usually cheap
“ lmfao girl i got clothes to bring if RT .” Lmao girll come on!
Sudden urge to start a mustache fire.
I'm miserable and feeling blue, cause all I really want is you...I'm feeling crazy...
#sixwordstory #librarians #dls15 Finding my way through unknown paths.
I'm sitting here burning cd's for my car.
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day ~ Alexander Woollcott
I bet they have an awesome ad agency.
We are hiring. Bartender, Front Desk, Grill, Lane Attendant, Mechanic. Interviews 2-16-12 from 10 AM-1 PM
Watching , Mr Bill is fired up tonight!
It is. Not a bad song to have stuck in your head. Could have been a lot worse!
I've never seen anyone run more poles than ha but great win today boys
Hey Madison, you're probably just waking up, so I wanted to say good morning and have a good day <3 Te quiero mucho :*
"LOL" has gone from the meaning "Laughing Out Loud" to "I have nothing else to say".
AYY! Happy Birthday to the person with the funniest tweets ever :}
So has anyone noticed that Hey Arnold looks like stewie's father???
Hope everyone enjoys the sun this weekend!
Who wants to drunk FaceTime??
When I get old ima be real cool!!
Time is running out - get out and VOTE!
Welp RT: Anthr Thing if your "publicist" gets you into parties but not media, print & online(not just blogs) get a REAL publicist!
It's just nuts. I have to take a twitter break, but I'd love to continue this discussion tomorrow! :)
AA are young but are big spenders. Most AA are 1st gen Xers
you're a little later there niggent...
missing the hour already
Had a difficult evening
where are you based out of?
I hate crying but I just cant stop
Hi haters, I'm back off of hiatus
the heroes of healing / scions of feeling / true of heart and steady of hand // and when their day is done, leave their song unsung ...
I would tweet you a question and my seats but oh yeah I don't have tickets hai
100000 Strong Initiative supporting International Education in China gets Will.I.Am to preform in Beijing!
My nephew turned 17 and got his drivers license. Look out New Jersey people! (Just kidding!) Congrats to my nephew!
Happy 2012 Vanessa!
i might just have a new favorite band
Only girl playing football
When Niggas Won't Give Me My Space-
way to go cards!
Even Antarctica has an area code. It's 672.
Thinking about how an unconf session on multilingual content creation/management/production could have near-term practical outcomes
Very glad! Thanks for trying us out.
hate you. Doctor's office
I think in metaphors
HA. Yes I am! Columbus, Cincy, Cleveland, Indy and maybe ChiTown. You?
Can't believe people are defending him. He had been drinking. Nuff said. And took someone else's life
was she pretty?
we do not like this! Did you get anything back??
Well, my theory on Hart was wrong today. Ishikawa (left handed bat) starts at 1st against lefty JA Happ. May have earned it last night.
I can't stand girls with busted ass faces thinking their hott....
You get an F on that test.
Big POLO ralp Lauren shit budget
This song is orgasmic right now ..
So it is
Matt hill just told me my outfit wasnt working
Hey there! Thanks for shout out. I tried to reply, but I need "follow" for direct message to go through. Sac Is great; two rivers!!
" It is the human lot to try and fail"
so tired of fighting
damn where's my tacos?
'regular show' is the best show on cartoon network
Perhaps remove the fancy font from the post header (on sidebar) and use something simple like Helvetica Neue?
whats the over/under on how many time jim irsay will "umm" or "uhh" in this press conference?
Why do we ask students to paraphrase before we ask them to embed that paraphrase into an argument?
I bet you look adorable with your braces
Hi. We no longer sell the old iPhone app, but we're set to release in a new one in the coming days (cc: ).
Enjoying the Spring weather in #Beirut #Lebanon Thank you global warming ?
": Cuddle with me."me.. jk
Ouch. What's wrong with my boat trips?
u r so pretty...god has blessed u wit a beautiful voice..plz follow me:)
"How you define #friendship probably more than anything defines who you are." - Avram Ohm
I'm not doing my hope right now lol ima do it probably later
Hey Christian! Please, I can be your girlfriend? :)
Have you started planning for the weekend yet? A Friday evening or Saturday morning massage is a perfect way to get started:...
Hey, can u have Jim Waring or some1 w/ local green industry growth data contact me today at The Daily Transcript. Need info
Trying to find a resort that comes close to the Atlantis in the Bahamas. I can't bring myself to try anywhere else after staying there twice
the baby just decided to get an energy spurt, maybe be mia!
awww -does that mean that he and Carrie are over?? yes married someone else! how could he! Im drinking wine 2day lol
With all this excitement going on, how could you NOT want #crew96 season tickets?
“: People stop fronting and saying stuff on twitter that you don't do or know anything about #smh”fucking stupid people.
Waffle House sounds good right about now. You are the best ma'am
workin all day
i second ur brain “: i second this suggestion “: You Made it Weird with Pete Holmes””
Happy holidays
but I'm sure she has a good personality..I mean she's pregnant so she's obviously very friendly..right? 
So I've got to grab the great roll of duct tape real quick. Only it can save this terrible calamity.
Poor shot selection by Josh Smith with the game (series) on the line. Even this hockey fan can recognize that.
Sometimes as I grade tests I get the theme music to "the good, the bad, & the ugly" stuck in my head... doo doo doo doo doo wah wah wah...
Taking Intro to Research Methods in LIS this semester. It is so valuable and surprisingly interesting!
Who couldn't organize a party in a brewery? That's correct ~ it's
lol , I know that feeling -_-
Going through all my belongings, putting them in piles to donate. Be Gone Clutter!
I thought so too! Cena got DEMOLISHED!
hey dude it's 11:11
What can we do to help KY, AL, GA & TN?
RT : u already know #BBN wants u bro !! But no pressure lol. Check it out
A Smith is not the current starter, I like Bradford but he isn't better than VY or Fitz. Garrard is good depending on his matchup
follow back
It's St.Practice Day!!!! Get out to One Under!!!!!
Have any questions for Zoe? Tweet them with #AskZoe now!
RT : Leadership Tip: The greatest tragedy is losing yourself.
tie game u scurred?
Just read #Julia. Sounds about right - government should be a place that cares for the citizens! Go Julia!
At #Cloudforce? After keynote head to our booth at the Foundation Zone and become a tech volunteer!
great start for the
MICKY JACKSON ? FUCK ALL DRUGS DEALERS
Judges didn't love Phillip Phillips singing Disease? They didn't hear same song as me. He killed it. Randy rude though. Not cool.
house rocking in 30 “: Gonna be rocking the house 2nite and Kick ass brand and design”
2010: "I seriously dont wanna do it,I hate dancing and ive never done it before, I just feel like an idiot…" 2012: Fuck this I'm Zayn Malik
I still collect 1985
Still with my cousins in my grandfather's house. That's so cool! Today was a free DAY with all that boys like. #Dreams?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS I LOVE YOU ALL retweet
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. - Alan Alda
Likely I'll be sound Sat during say and Mon. Exact time will depend on weather.
If you want something you need to show that you want it. Actions speak louder than words
Listening to Nas - Illmatic, about to put in 8 hours at Costco then make the Isagenix business happen after!
Feeling Irie for Eire (Irish for Ireland). Happy St Patrick's Day! Be and stay safe!
Downton Abbey, how have I lived so long without you in my life?
wow. thanks.
Like my nigga told me, if its love yall will build a door together..!!!
Check out It’s one the best Beauty Blogs ever!!
yes I agree! I have lunch at 11:50 to 12:30 or 1:15 to 2 pm, depending on day. We can meet in abandoned playground b/t our schools
An education and knowledge of the truth regarding the enemies of freedom and democracy is critical to sustaining it in the future.
go to bed!
"Remain calm! All is well!" -Chip Diller, Faber College
John Tucker Must Die is on! This is my favorite movie of all time.
I wan a 3sum for my 21st birthday lol
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
thanks for coming today!
Stack bundles album should have been out...
I htink of Ms. Mirren as more of a goddess......
I wouldn't change even if I could.
when life hands you lemons...Keep 'em! I mean hey, Free Lemons!
I don't tweet anymore, but i tumble. theworldisabsurd.tumblr.com. you're welcome. - kyle.
ok then, definitely the yes section, unless you don't mind an extra 4 hours of commute timehaha in a day haha.
I can't believe that more than 17 years have gone by since Gary Larson retired "The Far Side" comic strip. Nothing has come close since.
YES!!! Maybe the Phoenix fans wearing white is good luck? Hehe!
Why do some people feel the need to tell everyone everything.
RT : Cyber Monday is for more than you think!: That’s right, you can get the best deals of the year onpark benches to......
It is so much fun to watch Shaun Marcum Pitch. For the second straight year he is proving to be #Brewers most consistent pitcher.
the spurs are bringing out the brooms tonight
that is because most movies sucked this year!
If it weren't for Barton, nobody in the South would pay attention to your network.
Just a kiss goodnight<3
Do you think Tom Barrett could handle getting his butt kicked by again... All the #wiunion money in the world couldn't help him
New to biodynamics? Check out this article in Imbibe Magazine where I offer tips and recos on where to find the good stuff!...
always trying to tell the 9 year that I am the adult...not him!
#putlitzergate MT How is that not a huge plus? . A2: It's not going to translate into the same sales.
RT this? This was the first Carrie & Lauren twitter EVER!
Half way there..it's almost friday
interesting #thanksgiving tidbit: if you forget to thaw the turkey, you can still cook it from frozen (just will take longer)
when auditioning for a role.when I come clean and realize I can't pull off sexy, I resort to comedy..and I do comedy so much better! ;)
haha no not dumb to you tascada
Studio time for tkil
I wanna live there man. I've heard orange county is the spot
Lakers time, let's go!!
As much as I try to stop myself, I can't help looking at all these graduation pictures. I love this sort of pomp so much.
"Political options are ugly" but they are are only way forward
Good morning! Happy Monday!
THANKS-GIVING, A real man THANKS the lord for his woman, her love, & for having his back. He's GIVING her good sex, honesty, & loyalty.
Updating calendar now!
I implore all media NOT to pay Casey Anthony for anything she has to say!
Thank you,Brandon.So thoughtful of you.Happy day to all Moms!
I feel like a little kid waiting for Christmas, come on
Why are you posting these sleezy ads if you do all you say you do?
i thought it wasnt funny
We need a "context" management system.
Leaving Pinkham Notch NH & heading to Maine. Just had great meetings regarding reservations and then with Aaron on Emergency Action Plans.
What is sleep?
Thought currents emanating from ignorance of the Self are called desires. Desires force you to undergo the chain of births and deaths.
So I have to say that the first date was great. Looking forward to another.
Sometimes in life u get complacent in yesterday and u need a push to look for tomorrow..... Thank u mirror for the push....Lego
Good morning everybody thanking god for today
thanks 4 checking out my videos...working hard to improve daily...I'm only 10 so I got lotsa time :)
C Mason toasting to the Constitution... While telling media they shouldn't exercise their freedom of speech lol. Hypocrite?
there aren't many of us... Like finding a diamond in a haystack :) good luck with whatever is next and keep me posted!
Why aren't library catalogs searchable by book color?
We open in a week. Wow.
I'm writing one now. It's about marriage, and it's hilarious!
Starting to get MAD! >=P
Even just turning on computer/opening files to catalog alters the hard drive/timestamps/artifact. Archivist's nightmare.
I love my job don't get me wrong but I hate working with bipolar bitches!!!
Dont be shocked, when you look up and see my face lol
ur welcome how old r u
I crossed over to the dark side about 9 months ago - I am just one of those manufacturers now.... :)
DURARARA!! IS ON
KEEP WATCHING!!! that's my favorite movie of all time
Having a drink at the North Star American Bistro in Brookfield.
Ha. Yes I did! My bad man.
Watching Ace Ventura Pet Detective at in the cardio cinema. Nice!
hahaaa omgg I miss you! We need to chill this summer!
Aww babe I'm so sorry to hear that .praying that God will comfort u in a way that only He can. I'm here for u if u need me :(
Yes, exactly! Of course, I said that to my sts in the 1990's too :)
nice! You guys headed up to Seattle in the near future?
I just saw that "Sarah Jessica Parker" is trending n the first thing I thought about is "Parker" cute ass dog!!
dont follow people who say if you follow there friends theyll gain 200 followers dont follow them there just lying
One of my besties is coming to stay with me for a couple days :)
Mostly because of copyright infringement threat, right?
Thanks Dad for not bringing me Chick-fil-a like you promised.
just shot you an email, please reply ASAP
on mercy. She could tumble for the French!!
Just got off stage and we rocked it. It was amazing! Thanks again for making us look so pimp!
Just saw my last tweets um
pretty sweet icons.
ha! I am wearing the SAME skirt today!
Say it too my face, can't even! Smh
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much ://
Last night as I was undressing, a toy car flew out of my cleavage. How did it get there? A mystery of motherhood.
Thank you Twitter friends! I hope you all enjoy your own respective holidays.
Finally watching Moneyball. Almost lost my shit when Spike Jonze came on screen.
I said govt insurance/GUARANTEES - the "too big to fail" nonsense. It IS govt insurance, explicit or implicit. Never goes well.
I get physical, lyrical, very artistical
Good morning !
Sorry to learn that Patty Rouse died today in Columbia at 85. Recall meeting her many years ago. Used to serve she and Jim
Yum. : RE: the goodies from the longer they're in your mouth, the better they taste.
New record: 12 classes in 4 days, with a total 15 hours teaching. In other news: there's a new vein in my forehead that's begun twitching...
i'd love to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Haha. #adamlambert put on a pretty amazing show. This indie rocker skeptic was actually impressed.
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 4
In AZ, the GOP works hard to ensure that foreigners would never want to live there, and we only force proper US Citizens into wage slavery.
Morning Everyone ! <3
hello my long lost tweeter. How have u been?
I'm addicated to the bubble shooter game on my droid. I wish I could have temple run though.
Spraining an ankle repeatedly doesn't mean you have a 'bad ankle'. There is a cure for 'chronic ankle instability', it's not an ankle brace.
Come join us at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse for our Brewers' Dinner. Includes a brewry tour followed by a tasty dinner. 6:30pm on 9.24.09.
#idol - Elise has the perfect genre for her. Solid rock voice, well done.
great group
Don't forget: will be CLOSED tomorrow!
No thanks. I only listen to real music
Just woke up but my sister cushion109 is still sleeping thinking I should draw on her face, but don't want to get in trouble so I won't
Bring it on AP Bio test!
Kristy questioned me again 😳
SPooky MOON, little spoon, [boston] death and gloom..and more. its all around you if you know where to look. 20three21n.kimball. 830 2nit3.
That call me maybe song is gay as aids
thanks for sharing 's post, lady!
They don't even cover it in the US either... i'm so disgusted with ... nothing world about it
Thanks to THE WALKING DEAD finale last night, today I am the walking dead.
That biatch couldn't even look at me!
I know who I want. I disappoint people cause they "like" me or want to get to know me better. I can't do that. My heart is set on someone...
Not even Alexander Skarsgard and Liam Neeson in a naval uniforms can counteract how awful "Battleship" looks.
lol you start the shit. just like right now sucka.
break a leg! I'll listen. :-)
55 min until hosts canisius here at DB Milne Field in MAAC action!!
it is getting high praise and great reviews. I will see if they have it for Redbox.
make it nasty
doing that now, connecting via twitter and email. Thanks! See you there!
One more week until January and April sessions are available. Discount for HPGM members.....
Hanging out at Aria waiting for a game
Happy Friday!
Thank you all very much!
#BeautyPros: What sites and magazines do you go to for inspiration in your field?
Running a tad late to Katzen Jammers Can't wait to see many of the committee members and attendees
Humanity is never so beautiful as when praying for forgiveness, or else forgiving another. ~ Jean Paul
y me he dañado a mi mismo
Find fulfillment & happiness in your work. Always give more than you're asked. Do the right thing and walk humbly.
RT : "Blessed is the mother who gives birth to a brewer." — Czech saying
Can't remember car service guy's name, just have him in my contacts as "driver"
hey brother i start with this
Your welcome!
If you missed your chance this weekend we cooked up another brisquit so stop by for Corn Beef & Cabbage today for lunch! We open at 11am!
your welcome :-)
I did D": RT Seems like is gonna OD ;o lol
#bestweekever #SB2K12 is over. Skin tournament tomorrow morning then hitting the road.
Must have just missed you. We just left a little while ago.
Target pulls farmed salmon from stores
Thanks. Is there any difference from 2011 to 2012? Any major difference anyway?
great, I did SOMETHING and I reset my whole website, I am not sure it exists anymore, it defaults to the old index.html file...FANTASTIC
Its definitely a factor,&although its illegal to request/receive dowry,its still widely practiced.Not sure how it could be regulated
hahahaha where you stay at?
Thank you for ending my conference on a great note. So nice talking with you both.
Great job, Alex! I love it! Happy Easter to you!
champagne it is. miss my hollins girls <3
doing my project for 2 hours and still getting nothing accomplished....should of watched the voice!
Went & Got My Own Work When Nobody Was Hirin'
Heading into the office to work on some IT issues.
Tom, welcome to #CreativeGood. Any questions, let us know. cc
Don't know "BeKnown." Do you mean Behance?
You're missing two verb tenses. Has happened. Is happening. Will continue to happen.
is a classy grom... There is no denying it. 👌
Nice! I want one of those hats!
First sales of Balance Lady jewelry today! Thanks to Michelle Tan for selling the pins, earrings & bobby pins & Lee Allison for the fabric!
Hey Phillies! Can you hear that fast-approaching sound? It's the Cain Pain Train headed your way!
both. he made me take a hot bubble bath when I got home from work. He had my favorite candle burning and bath ready :)
More often than not, a great, small ballet class is just what I need! Like the one I just took, for instance! :) so good!
then let's do another :)
OKC = The loudest venue I have ever been in for ANY sport. Too bad my Bulls lost, but, damn, props to the Thunder and their fans.
Know what starts today? You should, it's the first day of National Psychic Week. Also Simplify Your Life Week - hmm, time for another nap.
Twice? Wao! Did it loose some of it's excitement when you were there for a second time?
Answer.My.question.
I'm back from #Iceland! Met some fine musicians whilst I was there. Got to see Sigur Ros Studio and meet
love him.
how long will the pre order be?
This is NOT good for Dantonio's heart.
because only like twelve people follow me.. make people follow me!!!
good lookin man! Follow too!
TU text satin theres a police situation at the gilcrease. Cool.
Wifi on my post-#sxsw flight is struggling. Are you streaming cat videos again? cc:
emotional impact so much more important than content. i limit my take home points & mainly want to inspire passion
RT : Never speak out of anger, Never act out of fear, Never choose from impatience. But wait... and peace will appear.//Amen!
I'm watching from Seattle. Noland will watch it later. It's good!
There's a "three dollar bill" joke in there somewhere, but I don't want to be insensitive. Better late than never, POTUS.
am twittering for the first time
People here are so consumed with being a local "celebrity" it makes no sense
Cool i like all time low too!!!
Just ordered Dominos...
thanks ton :)
I get emotional at times when i think bout my mom
America got it way wrong with Jessica. She had one of the best performances last night. She didn't deserve to be anywhere near the bottom 3.
😳 man get like that. I'll be damn.
Film=study Practice=class Game=exams Post season=finals
For the first time Domino's got over one million mobile device orders last week. The mobile world expects mobile optimized apps.
With my dad going to see #DarkShadows <3
man Linda had so many good one liners tonight, so funny. wish I would have written them down.
whoa: tmesis. that's like a kinda vocab lesson right there. Tmesis. My day is made!
#whosgonnalose - Houston at Miami - Houston will lose
I think its vickwalsh.tumblr.com
4pm margarita followed by espresso was a weird choice.
I have no idea how cleaning yesterday caused my knee to swell up & throb today but its surely a sign that cleaning is bad.
#Forte done for the day...
lol no! Marissa does! She starts next week. I'm here for her orientation
yea I'm in the D right now bro. No my in house producer is way better. That's a 20 year old hip hop beat by Lord Finesse
only if he's cute and pays for dinner
Happy thanksgiving! What are you thankful for!?
*deep breath* and dive right in.
climb climb climb
But the next best thing: come down to 4th St for Crewsmas Eve tonight. It will be fun
I have an extra ticket for the MOMA thursday. Wanna go?
You're going to Miami?! Since when??!
I finally found out wat the lady is saying in mercy today thanx to nick >.<
I wish I had a better life -.-
Job interview:) Fingers crossed this will be a good day. I love you babe❤
wink back @ you
no time!
I can help you heheh <3 i can solve it in like a minute and a half!! :D
Brandon Graham? Meet Vinny Curry. Your replacement. Don't let the door hit u on the ass on the way out.
wat is it?
What is the busiest day in your office in a week? Ours is USUALLY Monday, but it looks like today is going to be it!
holy crap. puck is SMOKIN
maybe some money off in the bill. We went 4 months with our tv like this.
Just saw the box movie... not movie of the year!!! Freaked me out though!!!
Just got off the phone with him..
You got it
we love the pedal tavern! Thanks for the follow!
too many
I can laugh about it now, but that was so embarrassing. And he was just like, "Yeah, you could say that."
I told him to stop the pervo winking today and he said "ok" #SecondDate is a go. ;) I might need you as back up. hehe.
Switzerland is real beautiful. I think I could make a go of it here, forcing people to speak English to me.
"Learn to do good; seek justice, rescue the oppressed, defend the orphan, plead for the widow" Isiah 1:17
Yup. B/c the only way your "friends" like you is if you do as they say like a good little plantation gay. Lol.
Some people just don't understand.
my dad: "I BET IT WAS AN OUTER SPACE ROCK!" me: "outer space rock? you mean an asteroid?" my dad: "yeah that! an outer space rock!" lol
you should! Haha jk. I want that :/ “: Now I feel guilty for the peperoni pizza I am having for breakfast....”
When the time is right.. ILL know
Big cheers for "no more war"
We have created a list of Phi Beta Kappa members on Twitter. Send me your name, year and school and I'll add you to the list!
Thanks for the RT !
Are those gingersnaps?
My pleasure on the tweet. Just discovered it (embarrassed to say). I'm always looking for guest bloggers. Interested?
he has been absentminded.
The business standard mileage rate for 2012 is 55.5 cents per mile and the medical and moving rate is 23 cents per mile
I was down to Inbox Thirty for about 14 seconds just now.
Omg. I need a new hobby or something. #boring #depressed AHH
I feel like I live in a fishtank with a cat
Thanks for the heads up. We just had a live report from the school. Lockdown lifted. Two .22 caliber casings found.
I'm gonna march....right out of the picture...
Now we're off to Walmart for some fire wood, snacks, and cheap lawn chairs(:
Latondruh just threatened me over Twitter...Am I relevant now?
is backing up the laptop, it needed it badly - 60gb of photos!
This a good #QR codes idea for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
As long as they agree on a consistent file format so we don't have to have diff't platforms/aps/"shelves" for each publisher.
Wish I could afford to buy all of 's children's books. I absolutely LOVE them.
So why do I watch the draft?
'All my life I've just wanted to be golden'
Happiness is a highway, not a destination.
the maine isn't just john, all five of them should deserve the same amount of credit and respect as the rest.
better late than never. Thanks Laura!!
Amount of waste generated in the making of 1 laptop is about 4000x it's weight
do u think the benefit is for those who have not yet seen the show or for those participating?
This "One Direction Infection" shit at my school is getting really old really fast. It needs to end.
This weekend. Hitchcock. Period.
Life is wat you make it so what do you choose?
I'm home dude...was going to run over before I came inside but didn't feel like hurdling snow drifts 7 ft high in dress clothes
So out of shape >.< my back hurts from #parkour conditioning
My name in Tamara and I'm a marketing student. I'm student !
Here's your girl!
Going to the zoo! Lalalalalala
Ben's solo in Not The American Average>>>>
Participating in #titletalk from the National Mall, a very poetic experience
u rlly have no idea how happy i am to c u guyz on TV again! Im so proud of how far u guyz came! keep going! BAck 2 chicago!
great to hear! LA proper, NSB would love to head south when it wrks!
Im so sad that ur moving to florida! Will u come back to texas to see alex?
I wish you never had to leave :]<33
Another moving perfomance: everyone moved out of the hall.
I need to fucking move. I can't take this anymore.
I'm rooting for them BADLY lol!
Good morning! Not every Milwaukee Brewer will be at the Brewers on Deck event this weekend. The CBS 58 Morning News will tell you who.
I fear it might play a Hidden Immunity Contract.
Phasers set on kill.
#Trivia warm up! Which Nintendo fighting game had the character Scorpion as a player? Trivia @ 8pm.
I want frostbites!!!!
would be but u have a small child
making beats! Sup!
I was in a hurry toss'd it n my bag ):
Ugly storm stirring outside! I hope everyone stays safe!! storms can be pretty cool though.
The 20 sexiest men in TV: As Don Draper returns to the small box we rank the biggest girl magnets in television.
Fibromyalgia, Back Pain, Headaches Top the List of Conditions Tracked with My Pain Diary: Chronic Pain Management for ...
Guess it's time to cancel my Melrose Place remake series recording ;-)
were you in Thailand?! Cause... That's where I'm still at.
I don't wanna hold my pillow. I wanna hold you.
swimming in a large inground heated pool, it was great. would like 2 do it daily if i have time.
Registration is open for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15), sign up until 1:40 pm.
"The ideas we pay for…are those which define the outer edge…"
lmao dont pretend u like S&M im hardcore
when I go bowling I like to let my fingers do the walking and my balls do the talking.
Cinnamon and pepper liqueur, apple juice and champagne. M tastes like Christmas.
Sorry, I’d engage more, but I’m very busy viewing my American Airlines esummary.
Now off to Garden and clean and do the simple things in life.
Could use a shoulder to cry on right now..
Happy Birthday ! May all your dreams come true. ;-}
Have left the apartment exactly zero times today. Love lazy Saturdays and funemployment. Oh, and
I miss her
should be mastered by Mon.
bout to check out now....
~ Hello - so very nice to meet you - DJ
A leader leads by example not by force. -Sun Tzu
looking forward to finishing tracks for albulm this week
Thanks to everyone who came to our first #PDXCSTS meeting last night! It was awesome to see you all!
Shout out too the head of public affairs!!
The Coleman conversation needs a separate session of
Tweeting calm before the storm because relevant
never gonna fall asleep!
I always stay up late and find out its a bad I sea in the morning-.-
it's still a dream to me!
It's way too easy to forget our own advice.
Most people can name more brands of beer than the 10 commandments.
i think austin should have a concert in tampa :) i want to meet you guys again! <3
How'd your Indy race go?
I don't want to be 'Rich', I just want to own a plane so I can go to Australia anytime I want. That's not too much to ask for.
Maybe there's a special dispensation for sarcasm or something.
Thanks for that!
Ended the Wildcard weekend with 2-2 record! Our predictions for this upcoming Divisional weekend will be posted this Wednesday!
Hey caller, we know he said "axe to grind". Thanks, Bruce.
I wish I was a dog. My life would be so great.
“: Can't you see you're my everything” story of my life :/
Doug Davis signs with the #Royals. Ned Yost bringing back an old friend.
I'm hungry
well i can give you about 5 dollars, but that's about it haha im in college! im broke!
Plastic, Plastic and more Plastics.
What happened to the comfy benches at the La Jolla square location?
lol Best place on Earth! RT NEW YORK NEW YORK baayyyy be....
you are a very special snowflake.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO <3
OMG YOU CRIED TOO?!<33
I told him; "that's because I'm your Daddy!" After that I called him son & he called me Dad! Birkman helps build bridges across cultures!
ok gotcha
Working on the next great thing for swingfest. Check the site for details. HTTP://www.swingfestevents.com Check daily, tell us what u think
RT how is my nephew! Miss you.
oh yes, that is true
Happy Mother's Day!
Boozer is untouchable. There's no one else in his class, honestly.
anyway, look at her last tweet. It says whatever I say, and that's what I say.
"Is it Juno cute?"
when you pickup up the phone bitch ! Lol
After a wonderful weekend at 's ConCon (#htcc), tomorrow's conference should be interesting and lively.
Sweet! Thanks for following Alisha. We hope you enjoy our tweets!
who is "Sixth Man" 76er fan court side @ UC? Also sat court side in Philly?
Sonata, sadly we can't be friends anymore
Played da beta. NO!
Look for Gayle's Miracles Tuesday on Today Show w/ Lisa Lillian of Hungry Girl.
A little Marvin Gay & Chardanee
Bout to make my twitter private for a bit lol
I love this show :)
RT: Anyone travelling this weekend, be safe. Those that are not, you be safe as well.
Okay daniel, this is not tumblr. you can't post every 2 seconds. thanks love brandon <3 :)
A lie will let anybody tell it.....
Watching Dear John
negro u aint call me. When
Out for a run with my brother and !
yes. You will 😘
FYI My body is at the gym and LOVING it #inmyimagination. My brain is still saying wtf.
I was at that game. It's seared into my memory.
RT : I love how tweets sometimes. She gives a real call-out for action to important issues. Like tonight.
Good Morning. You are welcome. I am praying and I know you will all do great. You are a great & strong group of men.
Thank you Linda Barton of Re/Max for another fine closing with Gateway Mortgage Group. Look forward to the next one.
Hartnell should probably get a misconduct here...but it is the NHL so the Pens will probably be shorthanded.
No prob RT : thanks for following me
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 23
Thanks ;) RT : I like you just the way u arr
You are trying to get to 175!? Do you think your still 20 years old?! I wish you luck.
*Kraken* is keeping me company this week, and it is a very fine companion.
what were your opinions on the 1982 draft ????
If only women had tails. Then we'd have SOME idea of what they are thinking.
we appreciate the fuck out of that
all my fav show's are done for the summer ! !Monkey time !!!
damn u r ghetto AF!!! lol ill try cuz i miss my hamtramck arabs. Dese arabs out here r so borin -_-
Justin is honestly so perfect. Can't wait to marry him someday!<3
my mistake, I apologize lol
": Happy Friday. Enjoy the weekend" Thank you, you too!!
Stumbling is not the same as turning in another direction
if anyone pinches me today, i will burnt their house down.
I mean I'm not hating.. Maybe you should play me back on hanging with friends..
Anyone going to any fights this weekend or watching any on TV? Tell us your story!
and to the #trancefamily see previous post with link!
I guess at that age you had forgotten the rules of the road.
Met with #LearnCampPhx event sponsor board this evening. Marketing & speaker update.
iM No Longer Loosing Weight iM Gaining :)
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Blood in Blood out
do we get to have whiskey in that coffee??
I'm high off life and I'm drunk on reality
I'M CRACKING UP. OMG. MACY GRAY SINGING MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE. This is great.
So sad to miss tomorrow night's #LeanStartupHou speaker. :( I have a dinner! Passed it along to others in the office...
I miss Sparky Anderson
good info, love....... sour and hot candies.
#onlaborday there wont be any parking
#ND I'm wearin' my hat.
If your out getting wet in the rain, stop by Lavagna for Brunch, we are open and we plan to be for tonight!
It was some lil girls beefn like a mufukka at the mall yesterday tho...
In an industry defined by excess? But of course.
Practicing piano and working on a new song.
You took my soul I had to steal it back....
14 minutes!! Lets go!!
Got to get ready for my weekend can't wait til
We're a multi-restaurant delivery service. 1st in the country! Celebrating 25 yr anniversary this year.
Its such a nice night tonight.
Like who this dude tryna talk shit to, first of all I aint insecure bout how I look second of all mind ur business....
Beyond his pottery, Wildenhain garnered attention for murals. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship to study ceramic walls & architecture.
will you please follow me please please please :) I would die if you tweeted me -__________-
Unlimited Custom Upholstery Service-Call for prices
Why did my ass just drink coffee? O_o
That's not right...Let me get on it.
Don't forget about Man Night tonight at Buffalo Wild Wings! 19th and Iola! Hope to see you there!
"Holy is the Lord God Almighty, The earth is filled with HIS glory!" Meditating on the Lord beautiful glory! - 2Cor 3:18, Oh to be like HIM!
It should be called: CRUEL INTENTIONS Texas...or How to be an American....
What's worse is Dallas had more time to revise it.
missed you at
omg i know
I am loving what Toto is putting out now! A Solar lit shower head. Pic coming soon.
gracias bella! Have you worn your beautiful dresses yet or are you taking them to #NYC for upfront parties #WEPA!
who let the countdown begin :)
Must be hacked again..tks
I Hope You Feel Better!!(: && Thank You❤
What awful news. RT : Gothamist staff tearing up over reports that Adam Yauch has passed :(
Had the Best #Pizza in San Diego Today from: Thx to:
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll check into this for you
thank you :-) very happy, though SF is always in my heart. ha! only a case?! first delivery on ur doorstep in july.
You don't get what you want, you get what you work for and what you deserve.
Hate when motha fuckas try to get me pussy ! Nigga I can get it myself !
Bobby Brown -- I Wanted Bobbi Kristina on MY Reality Show!
The only birthday Jerry deserves is February 29.
I take requests!! :-)
You gosh dang hot tamale you!!
He talk dirty... But his mouth clean.
lol it actually kinda was.
The moon is in a very long distance, That Moon unites us, the moon that you see is the same that i See...
: that's what she said?
love this! Haha you're bad ass girl! ;)
No more college. Hallelujah can I get a whitness
great win for #bearcats tonight
Saw an amazing performance of the Carolina Chocolate Drops last night at the Grassroots Festival. On tonight in Dance Tent!
Henry safe on an infield hit.
Saying "Free _____" is not gonna make the person come out of jail any faster.
Social media marketing can greatly benefit your business as it compliments your brand, business and online profile.
Shooting next weeks #AVbyte at Manhattan School of Music with and !
*shrieks* How dare you say that. is Chris Hemsworth. Not no Doogie Howser.
who is Fred?
dinner & drinks with my best =]
To the lady that got pulled over on Madison street, took off her heels, then proceeded to run from the cops.. you're my idol!
Why preserve #WI geospatial data? A: used by many (26) departments/units across Madison campus. Needed for temporal studies
havin' fun in the h...
Tattoos are so addicting!lol New tattoo pic coming shortly...
By now I should be state certified in insomnia!
La-La-La! Can't hear you.... (Love flips. Don't tell me more, germ-girl.)
A Professional is a person who practices a discipline more than the average person.
Happiness can't be gotten, but ensues after one finds meaning. Victor Frankl
Shout out to our friends over at , hope you’re doing well!
What a beautiful morning, Recording my song today! YAYA
Goals for last 3 days of research trip: complete interview ?s, organize 2 more photo sets, install closet organizer, learn to drive Bobcat.
IYO, if Baltimore City created a wishlist of mobile apps, what kind of apps should be on the list?
But how representative are Shoah videos of the survivor experience?Distant reading shouldn't be confused with master narrative
Anything for my friends at
I know but he's in studio with us!
Day 2 juice fast no coffee. Tired.
<------Yes. We are the largest provider of GPS vehicle tracking in the #BHPH, #USEDCARDEALER, #AUTO & #NEWCARDEALER industry.
If stress burned calories I'd be a supermodel.
ha ha
B4 n after shots r crazy
Don't forget to hug your sega dreamcast today! :)
Congrats. You have an amazing talent. I'm happy for you! I wish to meet you one day! . Best of Luck! :)
Gdm tweeters, had a bad night not feeling good at all :'( ……… How's ur day goin so far?
I did, & it actually sounds decent!(;
Sending tons of $1 drinks to our followers because it's freezing and we love you. What are you drinking, #Chicago?!
Oh how I want to be in Vancouver.....
they've not been playing hockey so far on that series.
can't wait to read your book!
neither does Libertopia or Libertarian Liberty
thank you Chirag, I have passed on the info to a friend who asked.
nuttn much, hangin wiff my boy n our doggies, watchn howard stern..hope all went well wit u n that guy u were talking to
interested in doing a master HipHop class with DTSB&Co member Felipe Oyarzun?? Possibly during a reading day in May? Let us know!!!
Clubbing is my thearpy
Love u fam
hey, whats a shelf-talker? I'm sure I should know, but I don't. :-)
Stop action video in the making.
Yeah, hear ppl already heading home sucks, but i will too. I will txt you
Nothing like seeing your child graduate from hi school, but it is our last one. Time passes as milestones show the path.embrace the passage
Yikes. Sounds like you should talk to about the BRAT diet. Hope you're all well again soon!
Use my Mac Office upstairs for running my sites.
“: One of a #Libra's coldest features is their ability to completely detach themselves from any situation or person.”
You're very welcome!
McKenna: ridicule is a very potent weapon. Schimming: it means you're on the offense
Last minute notice. Tom is playing an acoustic show tomorrow at berryblendz (formerly Inta Juice) in lakeville, MN. Stop in and say hello!
- I listened very carefully to your warnings about tweeting while on Ambien. Must add "pain meds" to that. & i have a Q for u!
flush entity packets?!?
Tory Burch on authenticity: Be inspired by the world around you, but ask yourself what would you want/use, and build to that (not trends).
I have one of those. 2005 vintage; not a bad year.
Gas station attendants with great attitudes are inspiring.
Sorry about that. thought we fixed the problem.
well my dear...its over!!!! Finally...some normalcy
Beautiful Day today! (:
:-) glad to know you have my back.
Red Hall Dance Company DVDs delivered. Look forward to the next!
I'm taking the bus home! And you will not be seeing me at the pancake social tomorrow!!!!!!
Pair a FREE Small McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee with a delicious Cinammon Melts for a SWEET morning! ^Eugene/PDX area only
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. – Bill Cosby
Can't relive the problems of yesterday. Hoping for a better today and tomorrow.
Bowl of cereal here i comee ...
Yes, I go through all of those steps. And then I never get an email.
hey , seriously? A dispute over a dog? What the Duggars weren't available this week??? You guys are getting weak!
many thanks for the shout out, Kimberly
Thanks, lady!!
I love Brainerd! Many happy summer memories in that area...not so much in the winter though :-)
Wow. My gas station rocks. It took me less than 1 minute to get my #megamillions ticket.
sending good thoughts to your butt.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEXY!!!
hang up on me one more time, i dare you.
Next goal: to get to 100k followers. hahah. seriously, we can do it :)
In Chicago and it is warm but they cheated here. They had St. Paddy's day last Saturday. Really
I realize my perception was shaped by the fact that the segment was ~20sec. And no worries, I enjoy our frequent disagreements.
way to go joe from the air
well considering my class was cancelled, I'm going to Brent's volleyball game at 815.
Four for you Glen Coco, You go Glen Coco. This guy is a hero
Kudos to you! You did a great thing for that young man. Keep it up!
RT : I absolutely love the show Undercover Boss on TLC... <== I do too!
Happy new month! Make this one better then the last! Continue to pass on positive actions. Have a great one
I just want what I can't have.
I'm in a lot of pain right now.
twitters fucking up. I checked bunch of people I followed and now Im not. If they don't fix this shit, I'm going back to MySpace.
Im INLOVE With Jasmine V's Song "JustA Friend" It Such A Great Song!!!!!
Great! And I will sit here and brace myself for jealousy.
we're all looking for the easy button in life :)
Go Me!
Yeah, Ben was home but didn't hear the buzzer on Friday. Hopefully will be more successful today. Yay, #birthdayweek!
Yeah lil bro n lil sis really love video games n they distractin me from buying my jumpsuit
Our clinic provides the highest quality of services including Acupuncture, Guasha, Cupping, Acupressure as well as Chinese herbal medicine.
Thanks Dick! Because of you we had Soul Train and Video Soul. Lord knows I saw a lot more of them than the Bandstand. :-)
Tasty lunch completed and dork shorts done at #nefug2012; two post lunch sessions to go: metadata; shibboleth; and bulk updates from 1:15-2
Among my favorite people to see on Muni: the older couple who obviously have the means to take a cab, yet choose the bus. cc:
Listening to WTF podcast and working on UX design. Good day?
Hello world
I just a bill
#FF - can't wait to see our ecofriendly products on air next Wednesday during the 9:00 hour! Tune In!
What is this about bunnies and candy and eggs? That wasn't in the Bible! R-T if you're thinking about JESUS CHRIST OUR LORD on this day
Chillin in the docs office and about 5 out of the 10 people here have :)
Ewww Drew... I Dont Like You
Just saw Stevie Wonder at LAX..he didn't see me tho.
Our steps are ordered.
RT : "An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a sheep." - Arab Proverb
All in the sprite, all in the sprite
RIP Dick Clark thanks for all the bandstands and rockin new years eves :)
Big hug to little Cole :-(
my name is Alexisbe on there
Can't come out and play in the rain.
Worked on new songs at the park. Slurpees now
and I am jealous
There's nothing that rewards me more than solving big problems and designing great products. Getting my head down and producing the goods!
I haven't updated in forever aw sorry guys
NBA Season...? Anyone???
Ahh gotcha. Yeah I've only been doing this for a short while so we'll see if I survive!!!
I hate you,
MT Just in - #Chicago area -- RT : A father and his 4 year old son were shot at 80th and Knox.
What it was .. What aint foo !!
I need a mind-map. Do you hear me, people? I need a map.
Good luck!! RT : Am at city council mtg in Solana Beach. Agenda item B1 is an ordinance to ban plastic bags.
I'm so optimistic I'd go after Moby Dick in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me. ~ Zig Ziglar
I have to freakin pee and the bathroom has been occupied for the last million years! I hate this place more every second! AHHHHBGGJCXJHFB.
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don’t let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
"Did I ask you for anything? Did I ever ask you for anything?!"
just make sure not to close yourself off completely and miss out on a possible best-bud-for-life :)
For once I've got the feeling that I'm right where I belong.
I want this semester to be over NOW, NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW.
DUKES with Boston Pops last week. great series of concerts with Keith Lockhart tore the roof off Stars and Stripes forever! Love Boston
Taylor Swifts song, Eyes Open, doesn't even sound like her.
Yes. I will be there during those days. If we can meet up there, great, if not lets connect shortly thereafter in LA/Sac.
great round by Phido..I'm pretty sure 2 of the 3 old timers could have outwit, outlast, and outplayed him today.
I'm bored.
It doesn't matter. Mitt and I both pay too much.
just woke up from a well rested sleep. Howloscream was AMAZING last night.
When you fall you have to pick yourself up and move on. Life is too short to be focusing on things you can't change.
interesting and free advice! :)
no not me
see you tomorrow at the rodeo! Come say hi at the Zagat Lounge.
I'll be makin love to her through you
so nice to 'meet' you! thanks for following, hope you're having a great day!
we are glad to be following you! Thanks for the shout out!
i have so much homework but i cant stop watching my shows
Thanks for the RT!
that was hilarious. What's not hilarious is that the last season of Entourage is only 6 episodes :-/
where can I find the original article?
Might be time slow down on that tequila, grrl. ;)
If Jessica "Dirty" Sanchez is not voted off American Idol the terrorist win!
o shit you be on call of duty
Lol. Jorge is also a compulsive liar, and barely speaks english. But Jacob is just a lovey guy so..
#IThankGod for blessing me much more than I deserve.
bright and early with 100+ other local business folk
sorry I can't be perfect line u
Thanks for the retweet. Love Golfwrx site and a big fan. You going to be at the PGA show in Vegas?
oyah my son is cute heis wight ad half black.
ready to leak lots of memory
Good Morning !!
Since I'm at Mizzou arena, I want 's Welcome to the Zou to play as I walk in.
That one minute party you have when the teacher walks out of the classroom.
Making beats. Gonna be working on auto-tune music and rap music.
... I found out my problem ...
so done with all of this nonsense ...
It does seem like a rather odd service.
Ladies nd Gents!!! Wat is ur favorite Lip Balm flavor???? >>>New Movement<<<
watching biggest loser season finale...jeremy is so cute now!
Ppl who hate on drake ....suck it haters
We're gathering now for the #SILtweetup for #preswk at the book conservation lab, ready for fun!
So , I Was In Line At Lunch , And I Look Over And This Girl Is STARING At Me . Like You Gay ? SHIT . Stalkin My Tweets , And At School .
Winter Always Turns to Spring!
Am I doing the right thing, going back to school? It feels right as long as I don't think of the money.
Watchin family Guy #stuey is a fool
I'm looking for a DOPE graphic designer in the Dallas area with experience in flyer and cd cover design. Got a lot of work coming up!
Great mtg at University Club of Phx. They continue to flourish while other city clubs struggle. Big news coming.
Wow, and at such a steal. The real ones go for over 12K. I prefer your goods :)
see you at #b2bexpo - please swing by for a bite and to say hello!
I always thought that was part of the story. Have I been reading it wrong to Miss M?
One creates garbage, the other hauls it away.
we looken for sum freaks can you play pardon me whats your name dont mistake me for no lame no not me
I'm Really glad I'm a guy. #Shit'seasy
occupiedmedia.us ~ Food Writers Issue Statement of Support After Gill Tract Arrests via
Omg my ass is so sore SMH
Thank you I love you!
Don't forget, we are HUGE and will play all their games on our flat screen! Come in and enjoy a bite and a brew!
i just remered you all dressed up in coach fishers lil hat, glasses and name tag and acting like him
When people stand and block the stairs <<< MOVE!
I got a feeling #Seattle will welcome #Darvish to the #MLB the right way..by posting 6 run in 3 inn. #goM'S
And when does it cost $50K a month for 4 kids child "support"? No wonder he's broke.
URGENT(ish) - need volunteers to help with the sign in table tonight at BASHH, anyone willing? I'd love you forever... dm me if you're in!
Playing @ the Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX tomorrow night. 8-11pm. 5 piece band - come party with us, it's gonna be a good time!
Someones making the WRONG decision
GM Everybody! January is almost over already, lets all hustle harder to make our dreams come true!
quit being so shy and send out a tweet every so often. ;-)
Booked to work on Intrusion Disconnected in Louisville next month, then flying to Los Angeles to work on Meltdown, filming in Santa Clarita.
: is way prettier than you
what has?
Yeah dude! You didn't know that?!
microeco. will be the last of me, FML -_-
Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty.” - Daniel H. Burnham, Chief Architect and Planner of the City of Chicago, 1846-1912
Mark Prior warming up for bottom of 12th.
Yeah, I'm still here. We should grab coffee soon and catch up :)
Ice? Did Jew? DID YOU ASK FOR MORE ICE PLEASE ALLOW ME TO REQUEST PERMISSION...
Draft picks! Woo!
Turning a blind eye to a major source of their revenue doesn't wash their hands clean.
think it's the elusive confidence thang. Needs steady match play and to compete well w/out injury for period to get it back.
RT : If Occupy Wall Street is looking for empty space to camp in, Herman Cain's head is available.
Exhausted after #HomeBrewed shoot this weekend from laughing so dang hard. Can't wait to share it w/ you!
Loving this #NFL draft coverage.
Appreciate that Susan!
plzzz help me get to follow me!!!!!
So proud I got to work with these last few weeks! till next time!
Supporting healthy behavior is important. We can do it online, but structural changes also need to be addressed
Just beginning introductions at the Emerging Leaders Council meetings in LA. So many fantastic people in one room!
wishing everyone a Happy Valentine's Day ♥
I know a guy in Nigeria who will write it AND give you $5 million, but until then, maybe we can help: www.citelighter.com
Thank you so much for sharing! I appreciate it!
Miami x The Knicks Rightt Now TIED!!!!!!!!!!!
In Michael Crowe innocence hearing, expert testifies he was "saddened", sickened and disgusted by how police interrogated Crowe
Love Overdose?
sweet! very excited for the show thurs
hey Dave I'm calling from the plane bro. They like totally just did the safety thing. I think the attendant is way in to me
If Was At My School She Will Be The Only One I'll Really Talk To! :')
This MFker wanna be up at 4a reminiscing on the "small things" about his ex...Really tho?
I live for spicy food.
Are you wondering where the place to be is tonight, where all the action is, and best drink specials are? @ Cream Stereo Lounge Scottsdale.
Can't forget ! Thanks for taking the great shots Holiday Tweetup! Early Happy New Year to all!
So excited for another day of sorting, and an amazing crew lined up!
Lol! That's more like hell on earth! I'd hate to be there. Just the thought gives me anxiety!
they were awesome! when ya working the rest of the week?
As much as I'm rooting for Santos, it certainly looked like Borges initiated that contact...
uhh i dont think he does. sorry!
Dont want to work today :/
i do thats the sweet sound of father zakk
I really thought you were better than that.
& I going to stadium to get the
one week since the #USSEnterprise pulled out. :(
That's what my next Fango column is about!!!
Daniel Craig defends decision for #JamesBond switching to saying "This movie costs a lot of money to make" and "promote."
Impressive numbers in your march today! I hope Congress hears your message. This museum professional stands with you!
Now THAT is what you call a dubious honor!
I'd love some details! Finishing up a PM contract this week, actually. #perfecttiming?
RT : "What the iPod did to music Americans Elect plans to do to the two-party duopoly that has dominated American political life"
Just heard that going pro, not gonna lie im alittle upset but happy for him at the same time.
Wish me luck!
I'm exhausted! Nap time as soon as I get home!
Thinking about April's liquor of the month...maybe gin!? Any thoughts? Favorite spring drinks? We'd love your thoughts!!
Thanks! Spread the word - we just launched it. I wish I could compete, too!
ah love this movie too! :D ♥
Looking forward to seeing you all at ACE Museum today! Come on by to the all in for the 99 percent event!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! ♥ I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH ♥ Follow me please .
I'm reading Father Son & Co. My LIfe at IBM a story about Thomas Watson Jr and his father and their time building up IBM great book so far!!
Check out May 3rd at , is our keynote speaker. Hope to see you there!!!
A lady driving a van full of kids run a stop sign. A man yelled, "Don't you know when to stop?" She yelled back, "They're not all mine."
Dippin' Dots is bankrupt? There goes my one of my favorite lines: "Dippin' Dots has been the ice cream of the future for over 20 years!"
I know this Jordan! So is Singapore.
*Giggles, looking around for someone to talk too.*
well yeah that too!
This week is going so slow. :\
I knew there was a reason to like this Card. And there it is. RT : Ready to watch Kobe do work!#Lakeshow #purple&amp;gold
i wish i could bomb my school. i'm in 7th grade, and i have one year left with these idiots, then high school.
I did and they rule! Perfect as usual my man. Emailing you back tonight w more updates ;P
Welcome to Teens Coaching Teens, the newest resolution revolution to helping teens identify their passions and live the life of their dreams
are you thinking what I am thinking?
I still have that feeling. LOL. ;)
i love Audrey and Marilyn <3 they were beautiful <3
#FollowBack and btw I .like your tatts and girl wit tattoos is sexy af
I am ready for swim lessons.
Yes! I am their new fan.
RT my auntie just invited me to go to Ritz with her tonight, and shr was So fr !!! {= Turn up
coeliac is a autoimmune disorder.yes its healthier but over all it sucks! It breaks the bank&the food is always questionable lol
set B/R to autorefresh every minute like Drudge and you'll really move up!
al only you would lose the charger but not the phone haha. How was Chem?!
#DuringTheSummer I want to travel out of state.
It pisses me off so much when I have to pee when I just start getting comfortable in my bed.
Absolutely hate answering and talking on the phone.
#FF More great must follow #SXSW new contacts @ agoratek
Next year hire to edit your #pictures for WPP. Follow his tips on #2012WPPH judging.
I wanted to know If we were still on for lunch Monday at one
Lol everyone says that but i literally don't know how! Doing nothing depresses me lol
KidKraft Princess Toddler Table Guide | best rabbit hutches
Just checked out the cover and pre ordered!
no changing
:) RT : Only girls with nice Twitter avatars can retweet this...
“: have a show? Where? When? Will there be Bollywood dancing?”UCB, 4/18, 6:30, spank for a new show, other dancing!
Wow I find it funny how your trying SO hard to say your someone your really not
talk too me.
were going to miami. seriously tho. haha.
this hour on is funny as hell
What a great message of the power of experience turning into ideas. THIS should be the classroom.
thank you, much appreciated
Thanks---the sessions so far have been great.
I should have just stayed in Minneapolis another two weeks to hangout for #Confab12. What was I thinking when I left.
I just saw them in Nashville. Drive 6.5 hours to do so. Worth it! :)
Thanks Russo! We are thrilled to have you be a part of ! :)
Oli Sykes get in my pants.
chillin wit bennito, blunts look like burritos HA
lmao shushh! Hang in there buddy its almost the weekend
If you say
So usually what happens is that food gets wedged in horizontal pipe coming out of the disposal going to the other drain.
Hard Rock Poker Room today! 2pm $25 buy-in, 7PM win your buy-in to the WSOP $60 buy-in 1 re-buy
Compression and Uncompression are Much Faster Now!
my thoughts exactly!
How do u like it Clark? Ah medium rare, lil pink inside. Nah, ur bun
so your friday night is all planned out now?
happy birthday amy hope u have a blessed day
#The 3-D Experience by will be #new on Jan. 10, 2011.
Here we go Saco weekend! In 4 hours I'll be at bare foot bob's!
I also heard them say that McKeldin was the backup for the Library of Congress.
Well... RT : Ken Rosenthal is an excellent WRITER.
Maybe we could be friends again because what were fighting about is so stupid
Awww. You are too sweet. Let's do it!! :)
Love your tweets my man! One of the best follows on twitter!
"We will either find a way, or make one!" - Hannibal
See, in my career usually I wear whatever is loose/comfortable/cool. But now i have forgotten how to dress up.
#Houston-area! Big-time sale coming up locally. How does .99 for HUGE #glutenfree or #vegan cookies sound?
Fones on airplane mode now!
Avengers! So sick.
Yes kings
the mysteries of life as we know it?
": i drive a tahoe"yea i just got a 04 silverado today
hate that damn show
Shows tonight, 8:00 and 10:00pm. It's the place to be, tonight. Twice. And you heard it here. First.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
sure! ;) shoot them to:
“Pop. Not soda. Idiots. #shitbuffalopeoplesay”
I never sleep
I literally almost died tonight on a dirt bike. I dont think I've ever been that scared in my life. Thanks levi.
David Jones quotes: "Another quarter-point rate hike is baked in the cake. But we are near the end.”
Thank you so much for the RT! I trained in Seattle too,,with Kathy Sie and Andy Inglis.
You'll be in a tight race with and both raced to renew this past year.
It's only a matter of time before Ron Paul refers to Santorum and Romney as "young whipper-snappers"
Lunch with the bro
Doin' what we can with the conference love!
Please send confirmation of this to me for #FreedomWatch with as soon as possible
makes sense thanks
The best part of having a bunny is the when they chase you around and try to scare you 😭😍
fortunate! Get some rest, lucky for rest day tomorrow.
Baby its okay , I swear its okay, cuz I know everything ~
Last day with the southerners
Beautiful day
Leaving chicago!!!
Us grannies want to know, would you rather lose your luggage or be delayed 24 hours? A predicament travelers face often.
Iasked if you were ok & you said yes .
I wasn't planning on liking you a lot.
Have a great weekend as well!
a story it is only 14 chapters im on chapter 11 <33
But I read everything tells me to read, even if it's in Chinese!
My attitude is celibate I don't give a fuck
Am I down, am I down, yea I'm all the way down...we'll be fine
make sure to tell him he is quite handsome!
I really don't like hungry wolves! ;) Great job on the #historyrocks!
That was the brilliance of it: you're waiting to be horrified or enraged or turned on, but.. We'll chat sometime. :)
Thank you! I'd lost track of IMR for a minute (lurking), but y'all have been killing it!
yes, i've heard a lot of great things from him over the years. I told Brad (a fellow Pike grad) to say what's up to you.
New photo set just posted for VIP's on my website! Another coming this Friday!! =)
raw honey from a friend's bees is making me want to just spend the afternoon hand-in-jar, never knew honey could be so good!
Sia "bring night" from the 'we are born' album. :) RT : what was that first song in the vid recap?
Great job this morning, Derek! RT Thanks for coming this morning, greatly appreciated!
