RT : Azure sessions by full of usefulness
He is a toura de freshman theatre club! -V
I think the authority debate still muddy the waters when looking at the future of museums
You are both more than enough. You are fabulous.
lmao this bitch better be ready
I'm so jealous today is the last day of school for Anchorage. Mines next Tuesday. 😖🔫
but a new day is here, i think its time to embrace it :)
I wanna be so happy that when other people look at me, they become happy too.
text me so i can have your number to hit u up later
Pica's vs Santuccis?
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 88
Let's go hoosiers!
Actually wound up with some time to write today. :) Hope everyone enjoys the last day of February 2010!
www.pokerbucketlist.com This is quite interesting, I am interested to see if this is going to work out well for Bo Fric. But check it out
Filming pick up shot tomorrow-off to bed:)
7 more followers until I'm at 30! Please keep helping! Thanks #twitnation!
You can love me or hate me but dont EVER try to change me...
thanks for the follow. I would love to get some tracks for the rotation.
'I thought I was acting correctly': Swedish politician
OMG I just got complimented on my eyebrows!! Yess I've been waiting for that one! Hahaha
you ain't ready
This is why we love it so, and why each rereading can inspire entirely new feelings.
Top of the morning to ya world!
- bout time!
RT Anyone have a relationship with a gas station owner or operator? Would love an introduction for a short business convo.
latest images in by Wayne, Steven, Steve, Peter E, Peter K and Dan - last call e-mail going out to remaining 16 photogs
Please follow and RT if you review tweets you will see why... Thank you.
if we win, we're taking with us on a shopping spree :)
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. ~ Christopher Isherwood
thanks to for being a Facebook fan too! :)
Sorry but mwPGamer already won... however I will be posting more trivia today!
but the charger doesnt reach my bed and I'm too lazy to get out of bed. Ugh. Hahahab (:
Remind me. Is peanut butter a fruit or vegetable? Just wanna make sure I got all my food groups today.
any investors interested?? :D you never know!! RT : You should open up a Nail Salon that only shows sports on TV...
rock on, dudes!
Isaiah10:1-2 Woe to those who make unjust laws, to those who issue oppressive decrees...making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless.
I know I talk a lot of Kings Of Leon, but I honestly think they are one of the best bands of our time.
please follow me?:)
u already shnow
hahahah I couldn't stop staring at it, it's so cute
Have you seen the pictures of these monsters I've been posting?
I'm getting my color done next week. Long past due.
Thanks to everyone who came out to #SpeakingOfFebruary4th!!
I bet you them fake OKC fans don't even know they used to be the super sonics
Fun with dick and jane reminds me so much of my parents
you should follow
thanks man! I only like my hair blonde & black when it's short, when it was long it just looked weird to me :I DAMN HAIRS.
- good point on poisoning...i say yes to some degree...there has to be some correlation to long term illness...idk
level or slightly up
Had to get ready in quite a hurry.. so now the hunt for coffee is on :)
If you could tattoo something on my body, what would it be and where would it go?
Shoutout to at the Rural Libraries Conference. Anyone else conferencing this month?
Come watch the Flyers' game AND the Green Legion Girls Casting Call tonight at King's Oak in the Piazza!!
KEYC - Mankato News, Weather, Sports -State of emergency lifted amid Pa. stun ... - KEYC TV
JZK : ) - Where'd they go? It says the user does not exist.
Playoff basketball starts now. Leave it all on the floor because next time is NOT guaranteed!
Oh my goodness, Twitter... my shoulders are just numb with pain! I knew prepping for that project would do this, but just... wow. WOW.
Down to 9! Come on #Kentucky!
not happening. Went out w/ Wummel last night. A night in for me tonight. How long are you staying? I'd like to see you.
Im sad that never followed us from playlist...urg a
TV commercials suck ass....
We're collecting toys at our station in Decatur & @ IL College in Jacksonville. It's our "Spirit of Giving" event to help out Toys for Tots.
Thanks for the favorite! How's your weekend?
One can often learn something new every day just by being a librarian. Investigate anything interesting?
Getting ready to release these new songs ! Get stoked
Electrical Engineer - Wheeling, IL; www.bjorksten.com/careers
what ya do now
not at all. i just didn't understand. no worries. how are you?
O, that is a tough one! I like the plane pic simply because you can see your face more...
I SO heart urban pl8!
": Heard you boys are coming to the states soon! You better hit me up punk!!"
Eating hard boiled eggs in public.
Community Showcase posters!
I hate when #companies use #twitter to say something then use a link that has nothing to do with it. Shit way to get traffic on their site.
hahaha no not at all. he's amazing. I'm just still bitter lol
sucks for you!
I just want to breathe the same air as the Obamas
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. ~ Vincent Van Gogh
Good morning Twitter, long time no tweet! How is everyone today?
Happy Birthday!!!
so good to have you back again!
his staff stole money from veterans for his campaign. Some patriot, huh?"
Make sure to #LendaFreeHand to someone in your life each and every day!
Us too!RT: “: Grabbing yourself a late lunch at the dog house? What're you getting?We love the hot sausage with andouille sauce.”
RT : Patio time!
Happy Independence Day Brazil! How do Brazilians celebrate this day?
everything man. How you been?
We added this too! :) MT : missing from assets is our visitors/users/communities; *they* shape and change museums
Manning a booth at a career fair. Interesting.
happy birthday matt! :]
haha we just replied the exact same thing to
Thanks for the perfect weather today !!!
The Maryland Historical Society will present "The History of Thoroughbred Racing in Maryland" on Thursday April 7 at 6 pm. Michael Finney
Follow my sis and watch her celeb interviews on Youtube Starstruck Channel.
RT : When I fly I only wish for 3 things: no obese ppl, no musty ppl, & no crying children. Is that too much to ask?
Volvo discount parts
:)xx how are u?
That confused moment when you pull up to work and realize you left your lunch at home on the countertop! Smh. Ah!!
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
No problem! :-)
RT : come do it then! cuz you know i can make your night you wanna get it!
Congrats to all involved in the making of this film
US Military. Interstate Highway System. TVA Dams & Waterways. US Army Corp of Engineers. State Universities. All SOCIALISM, all the time.
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them
bottling our Hop in Top, Fire Light Ale and Witty White Wheat on the 22nd, if all goes well
Happy birthday Sara!! Happy Belated birthday to Joe, and Ryan!!
2NiTE @ Andy's Join Sunday Jazz Jam Session - 11 E Hubbard @ 9pm. Musicians Free - $10 Admin. Vocalists Welcome. Love to Have You.
Who are the people of #washington #dc? Check out bit.ly/u6RHyv show us what do you do everyday! Help define the identity of DC!
Double fudge cookie dough icecream after a long meet :')
we're working on making that a reality for you soon!
These day's friends should be chosen wisely.....you have choosie friends who act like choosie lovers.
I'm not friends with so many people. RT : "YOLO Time" is trending!
Agree. Love him. RT Would love to see #Eagles select #Florida RB Chris Rainey. Offer dynamic ability to the offense & ST.
Today's forecast: positive with a 75% chance of opportunity. Radar indicates isolated random acts of kindness so be sure to wear your smile
what about you? :)
#resume #tips The time for an updated resume is now before you really need it and hurry the process.
grandma's for dinner!
Oh yes, definitely a great song!
Happy Monday everyone!
Oh, hello.
May or may not be listening to 90's rap to get me through this last 30 minutes of work
That's all u need to know about a wingnut.
thank you!!!
augh I know I'm worried about it but this whole time I was applying for IN jobs while living in CT so it might be a bit easier now
love that song!
I had him i C last year though.
Left leg is asleep. Nothing else matters. Fuck.
followed:D
Ghostbusters on Bravo....still the GOAT in my book. "This chick is toast!"
god bless any bacon specialists.
I started writing a book tonight... wonder how that will turn out
The basic fact about human existence isnt that it is a tragedy but that it is a bore It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line
every ICONiacz dream!!!!
im your biggest fan!! iwrite your name on everything like all my binders and in PEN!!
this generation of disney sucks ballz.
My roommate is singing in the shower... It sounds like the cries of a bear having its head smashed in with a shovel....
On my way to school :/!
I need more friends.. Mine are always too busy -___-
ima come up one of these days and have a water fight like the old days and go to the hospital to eat. Lmao #childhood <3
Just caught ' MY SUCKY TEEN ROMANCE, which is anything but sucky. It's actually painfully cute, and quite fun. Kudos, Emily!
sure it is... O_o
Hey - If you'll bring a Roadster to the #NASASocial for us to test drive, I can guarantee a lot of positive tweeting! :)
Working on some really amazing frame graphics for your prints or website or whatever! We may make a unique category just for those.
Celebrity hair stylist Ben Cooke's Digital Spy blog: Spring Styles - Digital Spy UK
#teamfollowback. Seriously, i follow ALL WHO FOLLOW BACK. but you have to follow back (:
Well my first is body works and my second is upstairs so I guess gyms? (:
Can you say you broke a sweat at work playing ping pong? Yes, I can.
RT if you how to wu-tang. ( its a dance. )
I wanna do more shopping today...i think i just might do that!.
need some excitement in my life now please
I could eat pepperoni bread for the rest of my life.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you’ll be criticized anyway. You’ll be damned if you do, and damned if you don’t. -...
Back feeling a lot better. Still wanna go to the doctor and make sure aint nothing wrong. Gotta keep my health intact.
": Why do people bring the negative? The shit is whack just like your thinking."
Had a wonderful time on my short overnight trip to visit Christien in Toronto. :-) beautiful
Up and I can't go back to sleep
Sleeping on the coach was ignorant.
Good first day!
#whatilove being single! :)
Love your enemies bless them that curse you do good to them that hate you and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you.
Already getting ready for the 20th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival!!!!! 2013! Who's excited?
lmfaoo , I'm just kidding but yeah it is . I think they're trying to flirt with you .
In a hole nother world right now !.
Weird question- has anyone on here found (or know someone who found) a kidney donor through social media?
"Love Repair - The Movie" • Starring: Miss Mykie & Marcus Manchild •
oh nos... it says #Hive is going to take 9.6 man-years. That's going to put us about 4.3 calendar-years over schedule ;)
Why open source? Control over our own destiny.
Attending a retreat with lots of smart people who think about doing good; women like Maggie Williams and Randi Weingarten smart and fun.
Yesterday, had a great time at the beach with my mom, her friend Donna, John, and Shaun. Today we're off to Knott's Berry Farm!
Sending an #FF to ! Today marks a month since yall followed me & made me the happiest girl in the whole world! Love yall! <33
hahaha she fears the jolly roger.
as you should - what amazing news :) good job Mom!
Reggie should lighten up on Lebron. There's nothing wrong with getting counsel from legends. It shows maturity and respect for past greats.
Skol! RT : Matt Kalil excited to play in the "great city of Minnesota." I'm sure they'll work on that ...
what's that?
Why does every show on Nick have to have singing, that's usually not all that good anyway.....
I agree
If you love movies, we love you!
Wine Tasting 101: Nose-identify fruits- fresh, dry, ripe, lean, citrus, tree, stone, berries, melons. Nonfruits- flowers, herbs, spices, etc
remember thismorning Christ beat death this morning for u and that u overcame the statistics of death,and are alive this morning
JCP rebrand & price strategy is like a NFL team with no playoff hopes that decided not to punt on 4th down. Fun to watch, but not important
30 MINUTES to get your tweet to us about your #mother for chance to WIN -- HAPPY #Mother'sDay
If you write one story, it may be bad; if you write a hundred, you have the odds in your favor. - Edgar Rice Burroughs
yeah girl I understand.!
Hi Mickenna.. I hope you are feeling better. Have a great day. Hugs, Allen
that puppy is really effing cute. Enjoy while still a puppy.
New post: Kenwood KCAIP301V Apple iPod USB Direct Cable
You are welcome David. Your presentation was enlightening and fun... You are Puuuuuurrrrrrssssssiiiiiaaaannnn!
hit me up later nigga
SUNDAY BLUNTDAY!! The best part of the weekend! Come and get $2 off Blunt Subs!!
Nothing worth having was ever achieved without effort. -Theodore Rosevelt
Love u Bea
At with for their From Print To Web workshop, enjoying an Angry Orchard. Really looking forward to this!
I'm literally in love with my iPhone 😍
Goodnight moon.
#C.R.E.A.M. and be sure to always keep your
When I am in your eyes nothing brings me down
How's it going?
all new !! Ashton Kutcher was on today. He does look like Jesus with the beard...
well that's cool but this girl was showing one off in the bathroom line. It was weird.
I'm right here boo boo!
wave back to Coco. Nyx is telecommuting today after some very bad behavior last week- locking up work computers
let's go #Fakers go Home! Lol!“: The first Game 7 goes to the Rangers. Next up, #Lakers vs. #Nuggets.”
We're glad to hear you had a great birthday dinner!
Twitter is pretty cool funtimes. I wish more of my friends used it though. :(
Too many issues gov't. doesn't belong.....many are private, individual decisions. No government support for/against those issues.
Me and pooped on that physics test
plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me
Thank you so much! You should come out to a show soon!
Everybody go follow She's AWESOME, bubbly, cute, and OUTGOING! Please retweet this people and
(: remember follow RFT this!
Hope everyone had a lovely Easter! <3
Girl, I didn't... i took care of my shit.
I'm calm and collected now. Lol. I made some bombass brownies btw (:
you'll be seeing me and your biggest fan at Webster Hall on Friday! remember her? she cried in your arms at FBR15
It's slushing in hazel dell!
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE my 11:11 11/11 wish never did come true..... It was a follow from you(:
brand new cheese grater is already orange with rust, wtf? Items used in food preparation shouldn't rust, ew
Yes, it's cool that some Twitter apps let you post to multiple accounts but I too often post from the *wrong* account. I hate that!
Also reading See You At The Top body and mind need to both get in shape
where you going??
are you sad that Austin is leaving, when do you think you'll see him again?
please follow meplease follow me please please follow me please foolow me please follow me please
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you call your officer papi.
This is the future of "journalism". Once you start giving credit to people who don't deserve credit, writing is meaningless.
I love that and are loving each other. That's what I love to see!
#Beets #detoxify your #liver! Try some on your salad!
I'm Ina nappin kinda mood
Awesome. Thanks Amy!
Thanks D
Great way to put it!
Hm the Lawrence Welk Show.
I AM THE HAPPIEST GIRL EVER . I AM SO SO EXITED . JUST SAW . LOVE YOU GUYS! YOU MADE MY DAY . REALLY ♥
won The Glee Project!!! Ah!! Ah!!! Woooohoooooooo!ooooooooohhhhhh mm Gooooooosssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
- If you have a new project coming out, be sure to drop us a DM :)
NorthStar, which built and sold computer in the late 1970's, was originally called "Kentucky Fried Computers".
hey jessica woo.. Miss you too:)
Such a beautiful day. Sweet jazz band playing in downtown, kids laughing and playing, people holding hands... Life is beautiful.
Whats worse is when they mess up and give you a Supreme.
Highlight so far: "Plaintiffs do not explain their decision to seek acceptance of the minimum standards as the maximum standard." #GSU #bam!
It's a well-deserved chip on my shoulder for They're poor customer service continues to plague me.
Did you kick'em in the shins?
Let your GOPer know that you don't appreciate his signing Norquist Tax pledge to keep Middle Class Taxes Higher so corp taxes can be lower!
My gosh it's hot, wet and steamy in Tampa today
Such a big help! I know this will come in handy! RT : Want some help navigating the traffic in LA? Try
at this rate, making it to 30 will be some sort of amazing feat
All because of DJ with his beats by Dre and turn tables
**Looking for sponsors in #Baltimore for wonderful scholarship non-profit program; plz message or email
bah. You love feelings. Also I am invested because I miss old JJ.
ALWAYS WINNING!!!!
HOW MANY ROBOTZ ARE READY FOR A CONTEST?! RETWEET THIS IF YOU WANT A #RObotz BRACELET! :)
Our mind can shape the way things will be because we act according to our expectations. Federico Fellini #quote”
Like the Bears, Vikings, and Patriots, even one Redwings fan is a fan too many.
be weird never be lame
Sustainability now an oppty not a constraint. Good to hear Alfred Marcus from CSOM and be at Business & Environment
Hope y'all are staying safe from #tornadoes!
Quail Brush Generation Plant community workshop goes on with hours of public testimony, two full rooms of people opposed to project.
I could be wrong about Latin America.
Lunch Special of the day: chicken or steak fajita plate for $6, served with rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, and flour or corn tortillas!
Prayers for your town from Nashville TN - remembering how traumatic floods are
Would that make newspapers the second draft? RT : Shulman: "Twitter is the first draft of history."
Accupuncture this AM. Reflexology & pedicare this afternoon! Taking care of me this weekend! Busy summer! Season is changing in my mind.
If you are seeing thunder, lighting, or even funnel clouds in Newberg-Dundee area, please share your photos/ video with us at
Bus leads to glee noche excelente
Going to Mexico for business? Consider Kidnap & Ransom insurance. Drug wars are dictating that this might be your least expensive option.
Beautiful morning in #Indy!
woke up ~5 minutes ago and saw the MMS I got from your wife... advantage of an IR thermometer is it didn't have to touch your junk
ur amazing and i tell all my friends who dont know who u are and they like u and are now mahomies
hahah no way!
#Browns draft QB Brandon Weeden with the 22nd pick in the
Hi neighbor!
if this was an article, I'd say perfect < done. ;)
I agree I've heard them all day
yep u got it! We looking alike right abt now! Lol
: Aw. I want raspberries. Aw.
It's so sunny outside. (:
What kind of fun are you up to today?
what happened? You guys were awesome for us tonight
right here! -hugs-
Watch the Blazers complete an incredible comeback tonight. And then let me know all about because #ripcity is letting one rip tonight
I just like my Android phones...I don't want to think too much, just give me a flat rate and be done with it. Overages suck.
Just learned how to type an em dash on a PC: hold down the alt key and type 0151 on the numeric keypad. PCs are weird.
#100thingsihate my boyfriend :)
you shouldnt even have a sancha, save your money lol.
that tweet is for me, I am JoeShow. Hi!
listening to Ed Sheeran's "Small Bump", the video may be simple, but it's powerful :'(
Welcome To The City of NYC!!! Welcome To Gang Green!!! Your A Great Player Coming To A Great Team, Wish You Nothing But The Best!
hi mom
i'm not sure about start dates of the other internships. If you see one that's unfilled and you're interested, send an email.
RT Professional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point? / Sure, as much as I can. Hard to answer here esp w/RT text!
Check out our coverage of downtown Baltimore and how businesses are surviving. Some great pics too!!
Putting groceries in the car & some jerk waiting for my parking spot starts honking his horn at me. I turn to look & it's the ex-hubs. >:(
Christy Turlington Burns - lame. One more reason the term "supermodel" should be banished. She's brainwashed, too.
Funny thing how you first meet the woman that you marry. I first met the wife in a tunnel of love. She was digging it. ~ Les Dawson
"That was awesome"
Heading to a beekeeping class for my story airing at 1pm today...I hope I get to see the queen (and that I don't get bitten!)
Thanks very much! cant wait to read: I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL
Tyler don't role like that he is too homo
Um.... its been drying for 3 DAYS!!!!! Its dry enough for you to continue your work. I'm tired of excuses about why they can't work.
Truth RT : #Obama2012slogans: "Stop calling undocumented workers "illegal aliens - they are unregistered Democrats!
yeah just hit me up I be on here I follow everyone who follow me it's nothing but love
Congrats to - have fun. Take lots of digital video.
Got abt 6 mosquito bites messing with my daddy
Hi! ! Welcome to Twitter! You will have so much fun!
You tryna pass me bitch it's impossible
no problem...nice work!
Pottermore is getting addicting..
. thanks for checking out for sharing business expertise!
Ugh fights..
don't forget the oil change
I meant check out from chez Taylor, hehe. If not no big deal :)
I thought we were hanging out tomorrow?
"my hair looks a mess." "yours? theres gray growing out of my weave!" um...?
YESS!!!!!!!!!! omg that sounds so good right now
So it seems that you have resolved today: violence is the only answer. Merry merry in W-S.
I am an exception! We have been pretty much perfect since we met! #nevereverhastherebeenaproblem (:
my friend suggested i combat insecuirty by displaying all of my phd admissions letters. good idea. too bad i only kept the rejections.
still waiting... . .
our pride is insane here last weekend of June. I know we'd all love to see ya here.
Im thinging of the old Times in the kindergarten :)
Not gonna lie, The Dictator is hilarious!
I think that all future Muppet drummers should be modeled after JJ Jones of // super Birchmere show tonight
I wanna beat your face in until it's gone
Missed that pass interference call..
Outrageous Bargains loll
#M83 is my soundtrack for the day/week/month.
Follow me?(:
Thanks! Got new tenni-go-fasters.
You are most welcome kindly Knight.
“ should be an actress she has amazing talent and passion for it so if u dnt like her than u dnt know what a TRUE FRIEND is “”
hate on 1D or their girlfriends...
Nokia’s 41-megapixel camera phone launches this month
I'm sure I will ! haha but I miss you.. so I'll come back just for you :)
wow dude i got a 68
#ATTENTION ONE PERSON FOLLOW PLEASE?.
Get "face2face" with in an exclusive + hangout! Win your way in at 8p on NOW 100.5 :)
The NBA passed 5million twitter followers - by far the most of any sports league. NFL 3.3 mil, MLB 2 mil, NHL 1.1 mil
what said. craft beer lovin ladies represent!
RT : If you don't believe in what you do you can't lead what you do.
Parked on Alberta Street? Move yer car! Vehicles need to get off the street by 5pm for
Fabricating Lies is not becoming!
wouldn't that be nice :)
that awkward moment when you realize why flirting with the hubby failed... because your wearing a mud mask! #OOPS! D=
Does anybody knows what happend to Frank Curzio's podcast?
My last conversation was with 14 people who can't say "breakfast" correctly. 13 are kids. What I wouldn't give for an Interregnum debate.
and don't go thinking that this was a waste of time i couldn't forget you if I tried.
if you think you're humble, you're not humble
Adam and Eve, Adam and Steve, Autumn and Eve. All the same to me.
we will love the vocals
I'll take it! E-mail me your cell
HAHA! Not in my brain!
Powers out on my grid
It's a good early morning here... So many things are out of the way already and it's half past 8
I can't see th keyboard in xruibr
I like that Facebook and Twitter light up for a thunderstorm more than for an earthquake. I'm too cool to post about it though. Wait. DAMMIT
how is your season going?
THANK THE GOOD LORD MY BABY COME OUT OF SURGERY GOOD YESTERDAY AND SHES DOING GREAT TODAY
Let's not forget the beautiful and talented farrah that lost her life yesterday too!!
people's mind will change and you should be here to see that.
THIS is funny.
Chapman desperately needs a dank, go-to breakfast spot.
Thats funny. I thought i was the only one. I just got one cuz my cousin told me i should
Yeah, the other is more efficient, but I think we should go with
thank you for watchin!
Just ate an amazing dinner with an amazing woman.... Ok.... Time for a cold one :)
There are more women in America age 51 than any other age.
Hm...tend to think glitzy gimmick...don't think it transforms learning.
I know you trying to get creative with my love ..
Aight RT Nap time.... somebody call n wake me for work at 9:30
Lotion after spandex
You're looking lovely today, Mrs. Clever?
Thanks for the link to 's post on info leakage!
Thanks for the RT of my wine adventure on #LongIsland Greatly appreciated
Haha, awesome. That's what I need right about now. Hope you're having a good week!
Lololol, the couch doesn't fit around the corner..
I wanna buy a tribal skirt&wear it with my Toms to school but if i do I'll get judged..
And we LOVED worshipping with you all, too! Such a blessing!
If you were on a deserted island and you could only bring one item, how come people never say "A boat"
my mom is on the computer and now I'm scared. Lol if she makes one I'm gonna have to protect my tweets. And I like getting rts
TIP: if you're a marketer and you don't think like your customer, you might as well not think at all.
Getting money. Staying out the way!!.
what am I sharing
hahaha hi Christian (:
#MBFW starts next week!! Must find tickets to a least 1 show...
Haven't wagered on soccer in a while bro... What's new? What are you doing in Italy? Where are you?
lol hurry ur ass up I'm serious
RT Somedays I could seriously go for a lunch back at the Saint X Tiger Den
Long weekend of volleyball. Now time to relax and lay by the pool ☀
let's be clear. Weeden and team will run over ou's defense. The entire state needs to figure out defense.
WTF SIXERS ARE WINNING......these old celtics better but some Bengay on they knees..and WAKE UP
Better than "Destroyer"! :)
tell him if I had the pacers the heat would lose again lol
I definitely like the draw. UCONN could be a tough matchup for them IF they beat Iowa State.
do tell.
I'm going to be seriously pumping out some gorgeous mosaic art pieces! Ready, set...I'm running to my art room!
Congrats on completing the CORO program. We've got to do something to celebrate. I owe you a nice dinner in the city : )
My 8 year old brother just told me he needs to rethink his life. And he was so serious! 😳
they said hello and kewl wat r u doin on here
I wore a hooded sweatshirt today.... Are you kidding me?
I'll be sorry to finish reading your memoir it's beautiful and wise.
I was there Sunday
BAM!!!! Calling It A Night Im On Old Folks Time Today In The Bed By NINE - DAMN!
waiting for summer concert season to start :)))
Universal Dance & Drum Ensemble now performing at our Youth event. Beautiful History!
Eric marshall! Bitch im at yo neck next time i see you ima smack you ! Teach you to stop runnin yo mouth
oh no. You didn't like it? :(
whr ru? Did you ditch us #dcnyc10 for #santacon ?
Oh yes. I have a Tardis cookie jar on my desk at work and Serenity on my keychain.
LOL! RT : "I'm on a whisky diet. I've lost three days already." - Tommy Cooper
UNC-Duke , DJ John from Video Killers at 10:30, time to get some o' that Wildeman and be a Wildman
I know I'm so awful! Haha I swear I thought I was!
That is great. I will definately watch David
Oh great being transferred for the fourth time. -_-
When I turn 21 and I are gonna go to memphis and hit up Beale Street.
wow. i guess i didnt follow you for the sense of humor. done - unfollowed.
Working from home is infinitely more satisfying than having to go in somewhere
Wish I could take the credit, but our guys did a great job. Thanks.
Brainstorming with about their #international program. Love programs that call for global collaboration
": Pray about everything, and worry about nothing."
always remember the basics I guess
is so extremely grateful for everything that was donated towards my trip to atlanta! can't wait to see what God has in store :)
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 5
had the honor of working with Michael Jackson on the Radio Music Awards show in Vegas back in 2003. The world lost a great performer! RIP!
i woke up at 10 but I've refused to move, LYNN CANT EVEN TAKE US!
is live! follow for the latest on New Orleans. re-tweeter to launch Oct 5!
RT this so i can get more followers? haha help me get to 900 EVERYONE PLEASE RT!
Omg this criminal minds is crazy!!!
Dudes crack me up. Tel nother girl you love them when you have a girlfriend bhahaha
Money amassed either serves us or rules us. - Horace
pls follow back so I could DM you with email info and thoughts for a project :)
uh... PICK ME!!! You guys are the shit!
just realized today was Friday the 13th...... creepy!
You could be like me and only have one person in your contact list that uses Gmail daily, no noise at all, no content either!
#IReallyWant the late phone calls, the cuddling, the fighting about who loves eachother more, the kisses, just everything.
Hope has a good first day at Cheviot 😊☀📝
Shapiro: Rowson should be thought of less as nationalistic and more as sectarian.
this is actually working. I'm surprised.
Thanks Mary-Lynn! 60's are my favorite
stop no your genes are designer ohoh.
Matza Pizza. Happy
What's going on at safeco?
It's 11 p.m. not the ideal time to bake a cake but...sometimes I bake when i am missing my grandmother.
so jealous! He of course had to take his man date friend
I have a #nook and really appreciate authors that publish ebooks in other formats - Amazon is a bitch to convert.
I'm applying to several makeup retail stores. I've been interning for a makeup artist for over a year
I so sowwwwy. Next time I ride through nap I'll call you !
From Above & Beyond to Brad Paisley to Reviva, my IPods on crack
There's nothing better than good sex But bad sex A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex
Deprestless. ©me, right now, to describe ny current state. See also: reasons one may find oneself at Anthropologie.
Happy Sunday!
Best part of Saturdays is getting my morning coffee and throwing down at my job !!!! Saturday night service
*smiling crooked smile*
and you just became my hero
M... The smell of mulch! Looks so much better; we welcome you, Spring!
oh do trust in High school all the little black boyz loved her too ..... she first introduced me to the joys of a white girl lol
Thanks for the #FF love Maria! Haven't been on Twitter all week. Hope you had a good one!
Start using free-range and humane animal products and then maybe we can call that "quality"!
SB45 Biz Lesson # 16: If you get knocked down, get up and finish the play.
Happiness is not an accident, nor is it something you wish for. Happines is
I think I'm in love(:
Guitar final today, hope I start feeling like I'm on vacation soon, I still feel stressed.
I can’t wait to get my just desserts. Skipping dinner for cookies, ice cream and tiramisu seems a fine reward for a lifetime of wretchedness
Yup. It's definitely Monday.
yes I have. I love that song!
I want the #knicks I win tonight.
Hey Kevin! Congrats on WITCH OF THE FALL!
Pink Floyd- Shine On You Crazy Diamond
More like fuck you
guilty as charged. I want them to get it to bad.
#humansmuggling = a crime against the state. #humantrafficking = a crime against humanity! Call 1-888-3737-888 to report acts of trafficking
hangin' out with Bert Dunkerly and learnin' 'bout Virginia during the War of 1812. Jealous?
i just feel like all that crap he said to Gia was so fake! ugghhh.
Tweet #4000 on the 4th of July only seems practical. Happy 4th of July everyone! ;)
Yeah that pic just thew me off though. At least he didn't resist arrest, like Rees.
please give the happy couple a hug for me!!!
the funny thing is, its a moral certainty there ARE lesbians who resemble tintin. just not ANY of these. *shrugs shoulders*
same here :)
Thanks for the suggestion! I'll pass this along to support. If you need anything from us, please email
Visiting with Wesleyan friends from florida and touring the Performing Arts Center...
Stirring up the competition never hurt. The Browser Wars between IE, FF, Chrome, Safari have led to awesome UX (user experience)
Some of my neighbor's garbage fell onto my balcony, including an empty bottle of methadone. But at least he's a *recovering* heroine addict
Bonas takes over Atlantic City. Whoa!
Yeah, ! RT : I've forgotten more than you know about the Pack bro...
Just realized Sheldon sounds just like when he gets riled up. Lol.
Hey random guy, please don't "hey boo" me. Thanks.
Rookie mini camps open today!!
Rangers can clutch
I consider myself incredibly lucky because I have found some of the best parts of humanity where I least expected. ♥
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: "our special sauce is to get people to update their profile when they are NOT looking for a job."
I love this! RT #FF "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
I just can't figure it out and it might be 2late to say FXCKIT, and if that's the case then I'm really screwed
": Slowly progressing with :) hey let's go to subway tomorrow ?" What is this?? Lmao. What is life!?!
That or let Gene Smith pick your bracket, haha.
My mentor thinks I should continue on to the PhD. So torn.
going to the cinema watching Pirates of the Caribbean 3
S/O to my new followers aka my tweethearts!!
Thanks for following me & for all your support=) You guys ROCK!!
I feel an instagram coming on!! Love when Cody gets dressed up!
if you hardly ever tweet, I have no inclination to follow you
Can't wait to be old enough to have other kinds of fun.
having to ride the bus so early blows!!
Timedollar Youth Court will have Jury Duty Saturday April 30, 2011 promptly at 9:00 am
Lol reminds me of myself always have something to say.
Throwin' $$$ in the air like I don't really care...Haters everywhere, but I don't really care! No I don't, I don't, I don't really care
I don't appreciate U using my tweet on your blog & demand U to take it down. U need to stop #bullying people
To get something you've never had, you must do something uv never done
Yyeeeeeaaaaahhhh! Offensive foul!
#Brewers! #Brewers! Let's go #Brewers!
I can't find any animal pictures to cheer me up... and I still don't have any cheese to grill!
Rise up world , your day should start out great of you woke up this morning!!!!!
Wrestle mania ahahah(:
When u have nothing to do @ 3:45 do you get on #twitter ?
I'm highly entertained by all the moths in Minnesota
no we'll just eject them and bring in a new one altogether. lol
I'm gonna lose these kids inside this house lol
Big shout out to Wine World () for sponsoring venue and beverage for #HackingEdu! We couldn't do it without you!
Wait; Today isn't Friday?!
RT It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
I'm slowly realizing I just don't like #IsaacAsimov. His writing I mean. Is it possible to be a sci-fi writer and not like Asimov?
RT We still need 514 signatures on the school libraries petition. Please consider signing, and pass the link along. bit.ly/wHSahz
Never Say LOL
I just think its cool what he was able to overcome at Wisconsin getting hurt and switching positions and all
I like walking up to people that are sweating and just came inside and asking them if it's hot outside or did they just come from having sex
A liberal education... frees a man from the prison-house of his class, race, time, place, background, family and even his nation.
Can't stop listening to (: I love just kiss me, older but my favorite <3
I support #Jelena :D
You're welcome!
Should be cleaning up
dale Ellis of course!
I can help. RT Need some trainers to interview on assessments for grad class any volunteers?
Roger Clemens in Washington, DC this Wednesday. Catch him at the courthouse Wed morning
Have you showed somebody how much you don't give a fuck today?! If not hurry you still have time!
Congratulations! Awesome win!!!
Any of my followers read Shazam comics? Is it worth it?
Sex ain't better than love. If you ain't with that, then you's a hoe
it's not fair.
fabulous! RT YES PERRI!!! No problem. When ever you are ready hahaha Thank you my friend. Now following :)
Can I retweet that my friend :) I think I need to get this book
Dreamt of someone on TV saying the mystery absence of big GOP names running this year was they feared Romney's money bombers. Feels true.
Jeets! The captain!
can make anything into a song.
totally will do! sounds delish!
RT : Mobile apps + byod = increased engagement?
Give me a good book and you won't hear me
At the 9 1/2 hour mark of floor debates. Jimmy Johns has arrived. Real bipartisanship: GOP and Dems sharing Vito subs.
Eminem on 60 Minutes. Crazy, but compelling story of rags, riches and recovery.
sometimes i wish there were remotes for parents so when they give lectures i could just hit mute
One nice thing about tea vs coffee is that you can quickly walk down the hall spilling everywhere and it doesn't really show up on carpet
m m good till the last drop
peace be with them- finally
You already know ! (: RT “: S/O to for saving a nigga lastnight”
Game 5 #Rangers starting up in a few, let's go!
Did you know that the Art of Beer will be first official visit for Sacbeerweek? Come meet him and convince him to come back!
Coffee prices going up? What will Starbucks add to keep us coming?
I think I have fever!!! :O
Warm air aloft squashing any strong storms for us. Just scattered showers/storms overnight.
Am starting new Acting classes using Hypnosis as key factor for memorization, etc. The workbook I finished with Carl Gottlieb ( Jaws) "The…
Cataloguing today. I forgot how much of a pain it is to count quires in a manuscript that has been rebound too tightly.
Yay! It will be here before you know it!
same one!
This sucks. Going to take a nap.
just temporarly deleted my facebook woo
Oh my God, its happening... its coming out like Lava... :)
That is harsh... he needs therapy man...
I got that one friend who should legally be allowed to NOT sing along to No Lie
I love rye she actually talented she has some good songs on her album I promise lol.
Not quite ready. But #USAA participates in many races supporting the military - please connect if you see us!
I'm getting married TODAY
Up crazy early for NOTHIN
Lol literally tho.... got a promotion a week ago :)
Please keep doing that. That's awesome.
WEE! Cool Way is #7 on Hype Machine's Popular list. That ballad of the uncool. WEE! that's what hype sounds like as it passes through irony.
I just saw a dog wearing a fur wrap. Not kidding.
Left my newly cast on ball of mohair alone on the couch for a minute, came back and found it on the floor looking like a dead animal..
HUD has a visitability ordinance in their Fair Housing accessibility requirements, & CC pulled this off yrs ago!
Doing great! Can't complain. I am too blessed. :)
#PropTrading and opaque #synthetic products front and center in news again with #JPmrgn trading loss. #VolckerRule sure to be in headlines..
looking fly Dan!
Rain Needs to Stop. I Love going out in the Rain but I can't even go Out, that's how Bad it is.
yeah it's gonna be a good time it's my pre bday jump off
Used to go grocery shopping there all time with the family back in the day, nowadays it's all about Costco though.
How are you liking Twitter so far?
Hello Scottish friends! Missed you guys! :)
or suck it up and put the nice pillowcases you paid for back on the pillows...
It's a good thing I'm already married to him, otherwise I'd be afraid some other geek would snatch him away. :D
You know it's gonna be a good day when wop is first song you hear
My lil sis actually had some Dorothy shoes. Lol they was sparkly n everything
i just called you!! answer your phone! haha
what's going on LJ? When does playoffs start?
It was slightly sarcastic hahaha.
The music for Annie is so hard! I can't wait till the musical is over :/
seriously...you drink THAT much coffee? :)
JIMMY STOP SAYING ONE DIRECTION YOURE MAKING ME FANGIRL AND THEYRE NOT EVEN THERE.
Ronen Vengosh of Purewave demonstrates service of 1megabit up and down non line of sight in 2.5.
The piece is a "why they run" feature. Shoot me a message if you're up for it - shouldn't take too long. Thanks a lot!
tell me how the 3D is, I only saw it in 2. Also you guys should also see the Iron Man movies at least
i will probably end up buying them for her. since i have nobody else...
This shout out is to thankz
That was Bruce Springsteen's recommendation at his SXSW keynote. Steal it but make it your own.
Loving the info from !
i don't try to hard sometimes. bc i just figure what's the point..
Daddy : baby girl you ready Me : you damn right #CelticsNationBitch 💚🍀💚🍀💚
Welcome to SheaMoí Naturelle™ our products are 100% natural, and jewelry is handmade. We're owned by an #Ashworth student.
Thanks! I think rainy birthdays are supposed to bring luck for the coming year? If not, I'm just going with that anyway...
The Heat have to have the best PA guy ever. Stoudemire fouls out, he says, "He has been extinguished from the game." LOL
what dates cause I have a show July 19th
"I COULD CHOP COCAINE WITH THIS MUUF***A"
we will see
Yeah this is really close right now.
Tuesday August 17, 2010 is our big day
Puppy ignoring me !=\
I got the payment bro... Check you DM I just hit you back about the websites.
Fake it if you don't belong here
98% of nba ain't bout that life lol
Are you using tweet deck mobile or on your laptop ?
I'll be in LA Jan 17 & 18 doing #hair, MSG me for details if u need hair/makeup.
WARNING! A virus called Monday is fast approaching. There is no cure. Just drink plenty of alcohol on Sunday night to ease the pain :-(
oxymoron no? Haha
Doors are open! Head on down to the RICC and see the Riveters play Dutchland!
Day 1 on tour to stoked!!!!
I think I'm hooked on #AmericanHorrorStory - and I watch it at night like it's meant to be watched - not in the daylight
What a freakin idiot...
More sad news from the #Packers..Really gonna miss Nick Collins..Wish him and his family the best.
work interrupts my lazy days. boo.
Woman-owned & locally owned & operated here in Austin. We also opened in San Antonio in 2009. Doing well!
“: its not doing anything here!” it didn't last too long now it's just thundering :)
i thought you was gonna say church but the crack house i"m good i will stick with the hoes around the hood
Designers: Are circular user icons going to be the trend of 2012? cc
No problem, thanks for the add!
maybe we can FINALLY win another world series lol
Observation from court room. DA nodding and shaking head while detective was questioned by the court.
Up early for an exciting shoot this morning!!!
Thursday evening games mean 2 things: A great night of #Steelers football, and no game conflicting with our shows this weekend! Go Steelers!
you don't say?
"What is a week-end?" I LOVE DOWNTON ABBEY.
Promo video will be distributed tomorrow. Featuring Mind Over Machines CEO Tom Loveland's upcoming talk "Sex Sells... So Does DATA"
naw I'm not
It's something wrong with you -_-
Love it when I don't notice the giant stain on my work clothes until I'm at work. Good start to the
seemed to touch everyone. Most people were trying to hold tears back. Thanks for bringing it!
Thanks 2 all the fam n fans who came out to Double Door on Thursday for the ehLee Entertainment event..you made my night...xoxoxo
Just left house! :P
ill just eat my life away lol
def stay focused. Stop taking on several projects and focus on a few. Learn to say no.
So true! RT : RT : “You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take... be fearless"
count those blessing each day! <3fromGA
Times like these, I realize how much powers my life. Call me maybe when you're back!
Working from 2:30 to 10:30 tonight, if I don't die between now and then.
And Driver's Ed begins now! -_-
Do it.
♫ "Try to see it my way... only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong..." ♫
don't believe it RT: “: Two words - too. old. oh self.” No such thing.
A granger-less lineup for the pacers might be the winning recipe?
i love me new swimsuit bihhhh
hey niall how are you ? do you like to play angry birds ? :D
You are so not worth my time anymore. Good luck with your bitterness and ignorance. It suits you.
psh, I know! :o
Yes, forgot to mention & Didn't know about , tho - thanks!
Don't forget to follow on Twitter to be eligible to win tonight
BOGO Free edibles tomorrow all day at the Farm, drop on by and say "Hi".
Also, the Bruins are at the White House as I tweet - Stanley Cup and a black and gold jersey with 'Obama' on the back in tow.
NY Football Giants have a good shot at beating the Packers. This could be a great game!
More than 15k reusable bags being distributed today at 60 sites around Prince George's County
Now this is freaky! "We Live in Brooklyn Baby" was the Roy Ayers song that I had floating through my head!!! Sounding good!
It's gonna be dope if Boston and LA meet in the finals... One last time!! Both teams are in their past leg, one more rivalry showdown!!
have you gotten your free bday presents yet?
The Well DUH Driving tip of the day - always look and steer where you want to go.
Morning Rockstars! > Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
True, if Irsay was trying to move to LA,, that would be the move to make.
You earned it! #GNO in June when I'm in Houston! :-)
Great job this week & congrats ! Every week you help candidates in #madison find work in IT. Helping the greater good...
You're beautiful! <3
I'm Addicted to #MDNA right now. (No surprise there.) You? RT : What's your #GuiltyPopPleasure?
when a situation gets awkward;
RT At Dive Into Media, says "I really think 2012 is going to be the Twitter election."
A healthy medical facility environment is critical to cutting down on the spread of bacteria and viruses. Who cleans your med facility?...
Enjoying my visit here in the ATL. I'm seriously thinking about relocating here shortly.
Have you seen "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" yet? Share your thoughts here... Haven't seen it yet? Get it here......
TRAFFIC - Crash - EB Belt @ Fish Hatch
I didn't watch the season. But I very much have your back. Love from Sacramento CA.
he is a fantastic storyteller, not perfect, but he.knows what he is doing, and i love that.
Stop by and grab a cold ZICO...we are outside of 24 Hour Fitness on Westbourne Dr and Santa Monica Blvd!!
I prefer to watch Total Football but wouldn't define the merits of all sport by it.
Got my membership to 24hr fitness.
I have an extra ticket to the hideout block party (to see dosh, Andrew bird and others) today. Anyone?
we havent talked in like 20 years! Ok I exagerrate but still. HI!!
Holding meet-ups to show our new phones. Whirlwind tour of Asia: Bangkok, Jakarta, Delhi, Singapore...
Why in the Blue Hell I cut on Usher playlist on Pandora and 2Chainz "Spend It" came on ???
Take time to recharge your batteries. It’s hard to see where you’re going when your lights are dim
i told half my school and i made copys of movie and give them so people will view it eddie need megaman 2 and 3
We are too! RT : Proud of alums shaping entrepreneurship
It's so cold in the morning!!
hope it's al going well, let me know if you need help!
RT : I really wish Scramble had leaderboards or any kind of stats at all. But alas Zynga doesn't actually care about making...
Today is gonna be my lazy day
me too
I've been searching for a cloud-based Visio alternative... seems promising...I'm gonna give em a look-see
“: Lotta new friends in the gym this week...” what he said
you're beautiful<3
Going to give "Boardwalk Empire" a shot. Pilot was last night. It's about Atlantic City during prohibition in the 20s. Heard it was good.
sorry we missed #jrsoxup. hoping to make it to the next one.
I want a beer, but I'm to wiped out to get out of bed at the hotel to go get one....
Always chase your dreams instead of running from your fears.
Yeah, I wish...
Fuming about first amendment violations. This is AMERICA, you idiots. You can't arrest working JOURNALISTS and charge them with FELONY RIOT.
5 hours really wasn't enough.
Pro men on the run... obvi Chris Lieto first off the bike
By Carter Maness While supermodel Kate Upton is generally most comfortable sauntering around in a swimsuit on the cover
Welcome , #NECB's marketing guru to twitter!
I miss my musical talent in seventh grade.
so ... Sleezy Times?? .. The Sleezuation .. a look at post modern life??? haha ... Nice n Sleezy? ... sleezy does it? .. wait :/
Great run this am #clevelandmetroparks....love short weeks..
I really want to start a blog. But I don't want to because everyone is.
#FollowFriday my favorite Canadian
that's funny, makes me laugh as I count $$$s
man, imagine how good the spurs would be with luis scola...
just bought Lady and the Tramp....i'm a happy little bean
#SOTU addresses are the best of reality TV: dramatic, sometimes funny, and utterly inconsequential.
#IfIMeetKianLawley I would just be all like O_O and then I would start crying
Great Tuesday! And a great day to try our new Unlimited Leads and Dialer platform! Contact us to get details 866.460.6611
Elections week is soon coming to an end! Make sure you all vote tonight starting at 12 AM!
yes they are! I miss them so much, I just want them to tour the u.s. again son!
thanks for the mention.
The winners of #csimilwaukee can now either take the vacation or $1,000 cash equivilent
Very soon! Paperwork delays but should be ready 2012. Shine responsibly!
Dude night, next week! RT : When life gives you lemons, say fuck the lemons and bail.
good point. Cal didnt prove he could coach during that tourney run last year at all (rolls eyes).
I really want to take a NOH8 photo with my sister ().
Observed @ 7:30 a.m. in NYC: a mom, trenchcoat over jammies, standing in morning chill while 3 yo hunts eggs. Now that's love.
RT : Free comedy show & pizza tonight at 9 w/ Sean Donnelly, Calise Hawkins, Matt Wayne, Chris Lamberth & More!
wonders that if Christmas, Father's Day and birthdays did not exist, then aftershave too, would not exist
Still glowing from the + show the other night. What a great bill. Have a radical time, you guys. Safe travels!
we're going to Senor Frog's and getting fucked the fuck up, chicaaaaaa
you got it! Emailing you now...
I'm gonna make you feel alright tonight.
RT : The name has been changed to ! Sorry for the confusion!
Hope I ain't got After school DT tomorrow ! :|
I am sorta craving iHop right now
it all makes a difference. If u love your gym, u don't mind goin more often and that equals better progress. :) enjoy!
My old stomping grounds! Literally too; I used to live around the corner from the State Department. Have fun!
Hello ! We are wonderful! Planning our adventures for the summer & we look forward to seeing new parts of the world!
That was close, I almost bought food from the cafeteria
Good luck!
I heard he was playing there today. I haven't seen him in a long time. Did you give him a hug?
you're just jealous ;]
It can't not come up when they notice you skipped the potatoes and stuffing.
I believe #levilowrey is in Dallas, TX. #levilowrey needs to hurry up and make it back here to Chicago! =)
so do I. So I wonder if the numbers went the other way and it was 70% female and 22% male, would you do Male PW
followed (: &' sure what's it about ?
sweet on both accounts! You are experienced -- we need people like you!
#tla50 Silver tsunami
Notice Me?
Thanks! I'll stop by on Saturday. Looking forward to checking out your space.
Seeing Balam Acab and Active Child
Judging the Texaco Country showdown!
the cavs better win
Campaign to Microchip Pets Before Wildfire Season shar.es/009RC <--Super idea! It's inexpensive & painless and could be a lifesaver.
The "film" Biodome was an undoubtful precursor to Dude, Where's My Car? and a contemporary to Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
you guys are the best for real!
Hey , I sent you an email.
Hope you make it in this weekend then!
< 4 hours until our Apple A Day Giveaway Kicks Off!
Zachary levi.
If you don't have a home vzn # they pretty much run you around. The best is getting put on hold and then transfered away...
Wrking new material great motivation talk with no sleep for a while. Let's get it! Def got to gi some wrk ASAP.
LeBron James needs to stop with the fuckin' flops though.
oh I wasn't interested in dinner. Just afternoon tea and a cupcake.
Im ready To Leave this Mf
Here is a review of my dvd on Amazon "Tribal Energy Cardio is an energetic fitness DVD."
Tomorrow from 5pm-7pm. Sip and shop for the hump day sneak peek of spring new arrivals!
Thank you :)
verse got back together. life changing.
damn thats what yall on? hitting our vets in the face?..lol
RT Can we get some diet slice and pita chips up in here?
KB has arrived for a visit!
just sent the songs to you
& "If You Would" is blowing up the charts! So many people buying the track!
Seeking donation of vegan items for auction at an upcoming fundraiser in Melbourne, Australia. A chance to introduce others to your brand.
Glad to hear you're part of an elite few that #GETit! The other ones can keep treading hard against the current.
I miss going to work in the dark
sorry! What platform are you using? Do you have "related matches" turned on? if it is easier via email.
If you build a few businesses but lose your family in the process, you've had your eye on the wrong ball.
Ugh, just shit off some Twitter stalker. But it's alright, I'm just ignoring it. Now, I just feel a little ill :) I'll be good tho
My entire body is so sore and my voice is gone. 😲
I brought this upon my self. Locked away in solitude. Is more thrn i deserve. I should be dead punished for my crime....
stepped from bed and immediately maimed by a stray kibble bit.
do you really wanna be like them? do you wanna be another trend? #GoodCharlotte #TheAnthem 
Mmmhh I love cereal lmao :D RT: I want some more cereal
Don't start with your shit I'll put you back in your place.
I switch from car to car like a drug dealer.
they will be at the store on Monday!! Shipped out today, plenty of 2x, 3x, 4x!
the refresh on launch does not work
no bro have auction tomorrow super early
I really wish it would rain tonight. It would be a little too perfect and I would like a dose of perfection right now
RT : I met the team from today at #flowermarket! YUM! Keep an eye out around town for their green truck.
I'll find someone like you.<3
its like she comes and go's every other week..
Psychopathy is inherently scary. It brings out the worst in both the subject and in the people around him.
Jealous! Love Vancouver and love the Canucks!
Austin can now chew gum legally. lol
Get up and vote today! Make your voice count.
A guy in sam's just asked if I was skipping school and said that I must be a senior.... Uh no, old man lol
good luck !
Singing at the top of my lungs and people are home
I thought you had APSE obligations and you would miss NABJ? lol
New Hampshire what do Mitt Romney, Donald Trump, & have in common? "They Like to fire People"
How are you today Tweet and FB??
Life is what you make it and don't forget that.
You need to chill out, bro.
FUCK YES! I am so happy right now I'm going to cry.
omg omg like it took me a minute to realize but yeah this girl was like 4ft tall and just had the biggest ass I've ever seen
#MASTERS DAY BABY!!! EYE OF THE #TIGER, PEOPLE. EYE OF THE TIGER. GET EM TW!
Rethinking "The Golden Rule" People tend to treat others the way they treat THEMSELVES.-insecurity & fear is plentiful
if you've never had to ream your shirt out after eating it, you don't eat pussy
Ughh so tired!!!!
Yeah, No problem.. I will update it now.
It's Friday! What are you up to this weekend?
Hm. The Tributes are all wearing hoodies. I think they've got what's coming to them.
Tweeps worth #following!
Getting ready for a reference shift, and deciding what work I can get done at the desk.
Jet Ski with Starter issue. I hope a new battery help.
We believe that a great BBQ dish is not complete unless it's accompanied by an authentic southern side dish. What's your favorite side??
When people quote vindictive or pathetic song lyrics on Facebook, I always want to leave demonstrative lyrical analysis in the comments
What makes a beautiful website?
Wanting to wear wedges, but not wanting to be taller than everyone <<<
Went to Stanley Hotel yesterday and "Lucy" told me it's time to "Release The Tebow!" even the dead agree it's time and long overdue...
watching "The Coffee Addiction" on fascinating!
Can You Follow Me Back :)
Seems to be the consensus. Girls = Top Gun & Guys = Die Hard RT“: top gun. That is all”
Maywheather is out of league...
Agree. He is a great closer.
lol i got an 8% on my test yesterday and today we are watching a movie yayaaay
It was in the box. The first one was outside. Tremendous talent and potential.
you're my fact-checkin' cuz
All for free speech, but against bullying - in Jr High, the street or society. We need more progress with civil discourse.
I love you so much, that I'd call you just to say 'wazzzuuupppp'
if I was your girlfriend
is the worst manager ever......
Did everyone have a nice Easter weekend?
We have winners for the songwriting contest! Peek at our Facebook page to find out!
All you want is to complain, and I'm just trying to explain.
going to be another one of those days..BE productive..BE BE product-ive!
This show WILL sell out, so buy your tickets online for only $10 at Amurica Fest 2011
“Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation.” ~Bette Davis
Let me teach you how to SquE-Z. Teach you, teach you how to SquE-Z!!!! Learn how to SquE-Z at www.SquE-Z.com
Thank you!
we will talk tomorrow about that
I always have a good Thursday , seems to be the best
yea waiting on 18!
SWEDISH FISH? O.O
Bored, Ready to watch August burns red tonight..
Finally decided on the songs I wanna cover for my BDAY SHOW! leggoooooo
IDS was unavailable?
I'm so focused on my goals, I find myself getting increasingly irritable when dealing with basic ppl, especially men
Here comes English. The boringest period ever...:|
I'll always support he 15 year old from texas that i saw on youtube.But now that 15 year old is living his dream and i am so happy for him<3
g00d morning to you GOLDEN TONES>> reminds me to check youtube
If u need something to do on a cold winter day. Come warm up Saturday in Discovery world!Shop market & receive $10 off admission
COME CHECK OUT THE GRAND OPENING OF CITY GEAR @ 4443 CANE RUN RD!!!!!
House version of NCLM ESEA re-authorization eliminates science testing. More evidence of right-wing attack on sci reasoning.
Launching my website tonight! let's hope this goes smoothly!
“: HAIR-RAISING! Jerry Hairston makes the play of the day with this diving stop and throw from his knees Great play!!!
Iam a sex doctor ;D and my friend here lexxi is your sex nurse ! ♥. LML! Hahaha
RT : "When McDonald's bought us, they took our corp. overhead from $10m to $28m within the first year" Jane Grote Able
How ya doin, handsome?
send us your 'recipe' to be featured on our site!
if Patriots win we post a pic of NYC staff in Patriots hats. If we win we need to see you in those NYG hats! deal?
Students for DC Statehood arrests occurred a year and one week after the April 11, 2011 large arrests. leads effort.
I find this a tad irresponsible on part 2 allow a 13 yo 2 go 2 Mexico. Starting the life of privilege early!
Listening to 'The Outliers' audio book. mind=blown.
#ilovewhen posts a new video <3
ever have one of those days; the kind where you look to the heavens and ask "Seriously?"
My mobile services down. Have no idea what to do or how to spend time without ma buddies
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes
Thank goodness. There's a great game on!
Stan Jones US Park Ranger at DV wrote Ghost Riders in the Sky
Hey Chris can you tell the Boyz I love them and I said hi??:)
Whatever dish life hands you, make a delicious meal out of it!
Brunch with laurra
I'm Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode
A TAYLOR SWIFT PLUS ED SHEERAN SONG WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
don't u mean what a vile person Jesse was/is
on my way!
you're welcome! and thanks. Yes, it's one of my favorites from our wedding. :-)
thing is the mother was just a patron came to watch her "work"
WOW with the unfollow button. ???? What's up with that?
wow, I'm impressed you two had a Mark and Paulie moment.
WE'RE HIGHER THAN A MOTHERF*CKER.
Dear bacon wrapped hot dog lady... I love you at 2 am and curse your name at 10.
Who takes the shot?
Cmon kobe u still got time to pull a pistol pete
A group of Bills, Jets and Patriot fans purchase a billboard in Miami begging the Dolphins to trade for
I HAVE read "Think Long." Raise taxes $10 billion and THEN trust Sacramento to implement reforms. No sale.
hate that
RT : Texting the same person all day and night and never
aw are you cuddling a real bear ? jk
Category 11-b winner is WLS
MT Will be discussing voter ID with SOS Natalie Tennant & Bray Carey on Decision Makers this wknd. Tune in ...
Game changer.
STOP HAVIN SEX DOWNSTAIRS!
I'm in love.
ahh! I've gotta get a personalized #UpAllNightDVD ! As soon as I get home, that's what I'll do!! :D
I just got to wolf, heard you just left!?
I am hoping to go see Watchmen tomorrow.
Guise.... I understand I'm too fat to run.
William H macy, one of my favorite actors. So funny and good at every role.
Thank you for being honest with me. If there is a fan segment, please keep me in mind. I appreciate it. Have a good night.
so true! You can be glamourous and green too, thanks to and others.
Q2) Performance support resourceful vs. training requirement
This game is intense.
NO ONE is more "effective and influential" than our Nation's President -- stop giving him a pass 💋
Do the #Cavs have a shot at Kansas' Robinson?
What happened?? :/
I didnt mean the tweets. I mean like worry about me..
Mistakes are bad enough on their own. Don't be so afraid of making them that you avoid life's best experiences - RM
NSF's Dr Tornow: New ways to evaluate research proposals (other than peer review) can allow more innovative ideas thru.
Sometimes i dont have time to talk im about skating .
Just saw a chihuauha riding in a guys back pack and not barking at everything. Kylee's slacking!!!
Got called back for a second interview! Yay me!
was not...
Already anticipating my spring courses: "Bioscience, Genetics, and the New Technologies" and "Disease, Death, and the Politics of Health"
lol get me some babe
I want to make a video where I'm facing off with a very good Link Cosplayer with ocarinas. Would be epic.
Thanks! Love all the wonderful content on your website.
: whats going on Vegas this weekend?
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on iTunes.
So if my dog Chloe has 4 legs...does that mean she has 4 thighs?
Thank you! : welcome to the twitter #medlib world, ! & thanks to for the connection. :)
dood no way that was last year?!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 31
I hate to say it but when I watch Glee I think about Suicide
"Do, or do not. There is no try." -Yoda
Will do! Thanks!
Dear , I am holding your dog and vibrator (Romeo) hostage. Come home soon!
Thank you. Looking forward to seeing you again soon as well. We'll have to dance again.
Can anyone tell me why corn tortillas are half the size of flour tortillas? Corn should be bigger since they taste so much better.
The neighbor's wall disappeared along with scribble on it.
Hi there. I wonder why you didn't translate it as "French Fry brother"? Seems closer to the original to me.
“: #Nascar Good luck to #JrNation!!” yay! :)
thanks for following me!!
Andy Peeeettitte !!!! #Andy Pettitte Life is good !!
nice job Tami! Awesome workout!
1day I said, either did acting school or she's got mad issues. Found out on the interview on reloaded. It's both. Lol
“Write what you feel like writing each day...sounds so basic, but there’s something radical in it...” Aimee Bender, via int. w
FOLLOW BACK MY DUDE
Two of my favorite people in the world got job offers last week, and I just wanted to congratulate them again! You deserve it!
Derek Fisher driving on Steve Blake. It's the NBA playoffs on TNT!!
LOL! that's awesome! we love ice cream too! :)
Obese is HoTTER, AND happy, but unhealthy! No just go ahead ~N~ get da Diet Sprite¡
Yesterday I tweeted that I missed my team: How could I forget ?
Be honest: how much does that day and the movie mean to meteorologists? As an ex-Pennsylvanian, it's special to me!
#Knicks slowly dying. This might get ugly
Follow me...Please... Olive yew;3
Spring break so far, sucks.
Thank you! :0)
YES THAT WOULD BE AWESOME. Wonder who owns the rights to the game now?
11:11 got to number 19 on the top 30 count down on radio disney CONGRATS
probably concentrate a lot better, if you're anything like me! ;-)
you got it..see you guys there?
My body's sore but that's OK. I'll take it slow on the treadmill today. Point is I MUST do it every day!
I promise you will have many chances to support the campaign :)
Editing, editing, editing my fourth #novel. Rawr!!!
I'm so glad you enjoyed the show! you really have no idea how much i love her and how worthy she is.
I think he provided enough explanation to make it an essay. If it was just the pictures I might agree.
Just found an inchworm in my hair.
wait your that one girl....
oops! :p and thank you, it's a great one to work for as well!
I fucking hate guys. Why do so many of them have to be so hott??
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!🌟🌟🌟
Hey was up ms lady. Did you get my email?
for the record...I love following you on Twitter.
congrats Chris...ur work airing on The Defendor, Oct 6th...keep up the good work!
dont make me go all the way to Africa to see you! :D
Hey - the website listed on your profile is not loading (loads up a blank page)
Playing with the Hot Club of Hulaville tonight at 6pm at Cafe Che Pasta. See you there!
Daddy gets grabby.
had to google macguffin :-/
See us LIVE Sat May 26 in show! There's a Hollywood Theme! Perfect for us!
damn right sisttaaaa. p.s. miss you!
Thx for the rt - Atlho Cleveland "won," Chicago's pretty brutal right now - not sure it'll ever stop snowing :-)
Looking for members of Alpha phi alpha for an article. DM me
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. ~Lao Tzu
The only way I'll unplug is if I'm allowed to read World War Z. I mean, if you read it to me. Yes, do the voices.
Just for you I will have two… c(=)
now all you need is Facebook and you'll be set!
its been around for over a year, is it really still "new"? RT : I'm at The New 96.3 NOW! (5300 Edina Industrial Blvd, Edina)
Or the poor. : POTUS: “We can’t price the middle class out of a college education. We can’t do it.”
does anyone even make bagels in kc?
Thanks! Bookmarked for me to read later! :)
One Direction needs to make a movie just like Never Say Never #iwouldsobuythat <3
That's awesome.
Well, if you know anyone that will be there tell them to swing by. :)
um yeah it is... If you will excuse me I'm just gonna go die in a hole of awkwardness...
I can't believe it! I'm addicted to the Very Berry flavor b/c it tastes like candy. Feel better soon, dear!
that was too mean #jamie #ben #the bach. Ya think the nurse "frenemies" are laughin in l&d tonite???
Laying out until I go to work :)) 👙☀
Laying in bed ; sleepy mite take a nap!
How about the week of Dec 12?
We will be starting our Countdown to Valentine's Day on Facebook tomorrow!
The Mavericks are one win away from winning their first NBA title after beating the Heat 112-103 in Game 5.
