That image is wonderful. Looks like an extra from Field of Dreams.
LOVE Indiana!!! Great place :)
Former head of GSA just issued statement: "I personally apologize to the American people for the entire situation.
Seeing Daniela and that guy makes me so jealous. Oh my goodness I'm such a loser>.>
I would work in that office.
THEY DON'T NEED CARS THEY HAVE MONEY.
I'm still not done yet!
LOL I'm so honored to be your tweet. Too funny.
Lets see how good project x is
Just read that article this morning too. Very interesting idea, right? So many hoops to jump through for RWD, but worth it?
was just there and tried the feta chicken for the first time. AMAZING!
It seems that the fog from the lake has settled into people's minds...not good for productivty! Come back sun!!
It was a great group effort, and very much a learning experience about publishing collaborative media work like that.
Tonite's Tequila Tasting Experience is with long time bar manager, Joe Anthony Savala. Looking forward to a little Herencia!
Going to #louisiana for 6 months to work so wish me luck ppl #teamfollowback #teamtexans gonna take my Houston gear with me
I finished my first penpal letter... I'm a bit nervous and I might want you to read it before I send it.
This morning, grabbing a coffee with at Bakery Square.
creating a superhero called The Illuminator, whose sole job is to "make a spark inside people." #sometimesIlovemyjob ...
Technical issues at 10. We'll get it straight for 11.
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams
The Ohio State University
I wish I could make it, but I've got a presentation for my FINAL #distanceeducation class for #edtech! Holla~~
Raleigh, Kanawha, Wayne, Mingo, Nicholas, Mineral, Monongallia still up for consideration for SBA funding: RT
We do too! We're thinking a custom Spidey suit with a heart with 8 legs where the spider would go. ;)
Jets driving and receivers are open
Eating half a chicken is quite normal. Being you isn't.
so what you gonna do?
I'm single and ready to settle...
Prime outlets at lee:)
It feels like everything has changed between us.
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars. (And THAT's why, people, we sometimes get butterflies in the stomick).
from what I hear the College Republicans tried to set up a debate between two of the candidates and one turned it down.
Oh yeah we did.
People don't come to talk to me about those scripts, because they probably think I'm this dark, twisted, miserable person
Wow is so precious
it's also up to your own interpretation!!
Never been so hype in my life
the over under on me vomitting today is more a question of when.
..you never know whose in love with you!!
Exactly ;-) RT You realize if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
I ❤ a good recommendation.
Going back home to NOLA in August, have to visit more regularly. Too much fun.
Ugh, Chanyeol. Stop.
The place to be if you are into country dance - 21st Peach State Country Western Dance Fest. 3/17-21, Ravinia Crowne Plaza by Perimeter Mall
o yeah bears won football game 30 to 12.....yeah buddy
Blue Ivy is so cute. :') Aw
Reviewing the new cobra model notices.... puzzling why we have renotify students and other non-employees....
Any of you big fans of Google Reader? I can't do without it!
Countdown to May19th! SDCHC is making a difference in people's lives! #joinus!
And be sure to pick up a UK Hockey t shirt at the next home games!
call me when you get here
like to get get some help with my flash pro issues I have a project due in a week
I like that one too! Thanks husband! :)
#NP Anthony Green - Only Love (ft. Nate Ruess).
Coleman is the best looking of that bunch.
#TwitterConvos are #WHACK, we're lame.
Good-morning FashionHearts, We were made to be courageous. -PD
I need to get drunk & shake my ass with tomorrow <3
I love the smell of the track burning under the sun
I think june
I kne it.....i kne it....so my debit card was n da effin dryer....
What did you guys think of the event (The Mesa Annual Transfer Fair)? Rainy day in #SanDiego huh?
I hope 800 is lucky in some way!
Thanks man. We worked really hard on that page. Kudos to and !
Have I said yet today how grateful I am to ? our tiger girl, Lily Marie, is raring to go after 3 hr cleft palate surgery!
Dear birds, my mailbox is NOT a place you can build your nest!
Good Luck with moving today! The next chapter in life begins...although it is bittersweet. Enjoy the day w/friends & family
hell yeah I did
that video thing for coach or whatever.not sure what it's for:P
Growing Up Won't Bring Us Down!
Perhaps where you are but go out into the country, 1.5 hours to see the most beautiful place on earth
Good episode of Sherlock, even though the password was obvious ...
Team death match
Marlins game with <3
then you must not be a patriot
Like the needle in my vein, you're bringing me down
Just opened my gen 1 MacBook pro for the first time since September...I'll be updating software and installing fonts for hours
all is well! Peace!
Hey, ladies, ever notice how all the worst dudes are blessed with big dicks?
Test-driving the new dashboard. Pretty slick. The "engaged time" metrics are especially interesting.
See, I look at that and think, "only three years? that's not so bad!"
That DAnG moment when u find out he got a girl! ~DANNG!! <it is what it is>
BALL SO HARD
Great day so far, but I'm shooting for fantastic... #whoswithme???
I bob and weave em, hit em wit that Mayweather JAB.
Zebra? whoa.
He should be. Been great in every game against even tough opponents. Sagarin SOS #6! Even has a Heisman moment.
Not costs me to lose some followers? Whats up with you guys?
Please take a moment to thank your campus guidance counselor this week and help celebrate National School Counseling Week!
just saw your message. Yes -- call me!
Trials are intended to be learned from, and to make you stronger. Be encouraged in the Lord, and help to lift someone else up.
Taylor gang or get your secret twitter account exposed
Omg you can't do anything right no matter hard you try or follow directions you're always wrong.
Woke up at 7am this morning. Sleep schedule is still messed up. Hopefully I can get it back to normal soon. I hate waking up this early.
Nothing worth having was ever achieved without effort. -Theodore Rosevelt
saw your friend Pierre at iron and wine....
Guy:Let me tell u a joke bout my dick. Nvm its too long:p Girl:Let me tell u a joke bout my vagina. Nvm you wont get it:) Like my humor? lol
↑↑thnx for the follow!!
sure about that ? Now who's fronting ? I don't need it one bit .
it's a very similar flavor in terms of tartness!
The truck is serving on the #AmericanU Quad. Get some poutine, hot dogs, and whoopie pies before 2.
Norman Kleeblatt says museum art labels should be less scholarly, more conversational to get the info & issues out there to the visitor.
hey send da pass in my dm
My tweets are invisible -.- no one ever tweets back unless I'm fucking hating on Harry potter so they can hate back wtf -.-
Panic at the disco >>
act like a princess, look like barbie and smoke like marley
Had a few white girls...asses fat at shiiitt
Seriously, helicopters stopped being impressive 6 episodes into Ben Flanasjkdfjkbsdfgjkfd's season.
Indeed! is a Renaissance man, and one of the most accomplished people ever to graduate from my high school, IMO. :)
Which one?
hey Joe is there any Japanese Takeo's at UB, let me kno, here in america Takeo is a black name
Celebrating #EarthDay by helping to beautify Weeding, mulching and planting I go...
Now I Got A Headache From This Thinkin
agreed...sportsdome was pretty brilliant for being the first episode
Nah I wanna move 2 Cali:)
RT : Long after people forget what you said or did, they will remember how you made them feel. ~ Tim Sanders
That piece of bread was delicious
. Some best case brands, they tend to be the big boys, Coke, AMEX and a lot of distilled spirits do it well
Franklin Gothic will be the death of me!
Tomorrow: check out singer at The Reserve in Aloha, organist Wade Kirtley , or folk rock at the Rock Creek Tavern
no way! just have a guilt conscience :)
yes that is fine...
I've never had problems connecting to xbox live wirelessly but last night I got an mtu error! please help
Hi Blake, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how brands are perceived. Follow me 2 DM?
Who would hit up a Wal-Mart?? I mean, they roll back the prices!
I'M CRYING SO HARD RIGHT NOW! GOD HELP ME!
Go hang out with your friend upstairs. Hahahahah watching paranormal activity.
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old.
Would you like to be in my video for Austin Mahone? :)
Asia Report: The Intensity Increases Over China Pricing
We just found out how NOT gangster Kendrick Perkins is. Taking the backseat when your boy just got knocked in the head. Total Weak Sauce
Show some love on twitter with an early #FF & follow
If you gave me the chance, I'd show what real love can be. You just have to take that chance.
you're a dancer? rad! yes, do it!!! u have all my support! <3
Check out today’s Czar programs at theCityFM.com. All Podcast, All the time.
Don't we just love getting our hopes up for nothing?
Glad to see your doing it big! Been a long time since PI lol. Congrats on the success! You deserve it!! :)
Done :) That was easy!
Spa de da in Anderson will NEVER get my business. When it got to be 35 minutes past my appt. with no apologies I walked out.
Thanks for the info!!
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
meh I was really unimpressed with the city. But I had a really great time with all the lib folks there.
hey Ariana! Hope you're having a lovely day love you :*
y ...because of the name change
haha. Can't take credit for it. That's the Fansided mgmt team that was creative
Grab your bowl of Corn Flakes, pull up a chair. It's Sat. cartoon time. We've @ Hollywood Theatre for Live on KGW for Cartoon Mash-Up.
gotcha. Why isn't Ward as big of news?
Why don't leggings have pockets?!?
No problem!!:]
LMAO..You're crazy, David :)
everything is so much clearer now...
yes please!!
My brother just got his new touch and is now OBSESSED!!
just saved $1000
Happy #expectingmoms Day! Are you #preggers in DC, MD or VA? #BabyBashBling celebrates YOU today w/FREE tix to Spring Expo. Inquire within.
Loves "Shall We Dance" from the King and I. I remember dancing with my eldest sister, , to that song. :) *twirls
I look into the mirror and see a Grown ass man
the devotion?
Very smooth RG3
enjoying vacation.we gotta get out while im off
Where you at foo
“: This is the 36th home game of the Brewers season and only the 4th time they are wearing the all while uniforms.”
isn't it the media that really changes gas prices. Speculation. Start saying gas will be $1.50. please.
First Day at Clinics For , Not that bad.
damn, :( I'm finna cry smh lol I really wanted to be in battiste.
I hate to admit it, but Im a sucker for Romatic Comedies.
Hey, I've been rejected twice already and I know you're not even in Miami, but if you were, would you go to "fake prom" with me?
s'all good
Public safety had my swipe!!
Saltwater is my favorite, but there are days when I miss Lake Texoma...
Think you can help get us trending?
You're giving up on "pitch to contact?"
Studio tomorrow! Get ready ;)
Haunting....wow.
and partying with their "slightly" shorter mixed friend That's how we roll on
due date is fugging hilarious
Thanks to Superstar Ent & No limit Ent. good session last night!
why don't you set your alarm to take our your dog then?
#Educause10 #e10_fs20. Will slides from this session be posted? Where can we find more info about this concept?
due to the current weather condition, cuddle buddy applications will now be accepted.
Its probably worth noting that neither Tesla or Edison were 100% completely correct about AC vs. DC and only the fusion of the two worked.
no man is ever worth your tears, and the one that is, will never make you cry
u think im a b|tch cuz of what i say im jus being real in everyway i say what i wanna say and i mean what i say No one said u had to like me
Another enjoyable episode of on Only a matter of time before is a guest ...
so are you btw
Bahaha, and you call me fat?
i dont want no other woman in my bed longer than they need to be.
I saw The Descendants on Christmas Eve, wasn't a bad movie but didn't really inspire me with holiday cheer.
This guy! RT : How many of you alums are back in town this weekend to celebrate 120 years?
Dan Plesac on for Bosio, and he promptly gives up a lead-off homer to Mike Davis. A's pull to within one, 8-7.
put one in your purse for me.. Lol
awesome! can't wait for the goodness
Had a great day off with the best wife ever! We took the kids to the botanical gardens and had a blast!
how is the Rodents captain still in the game??? Real tough guy down 6-1
That awkward moment when you see you neighbor's 19 year old boyfriend playing with lightsabers... By himself
cuddling a pooky, viral kid.
Holy hangover, Batman..
I give up on the rest of this shit lol
were you on the flight from Seattle to Milwaukee yesterday that had to make emergency landing? I'd like to hear from you!
Graduation, where are you?
ok - I have my new favorite. too bad she's on Christina's team
omg thats a long time ago :o you must be really old XD
Four Tet at Doug Fir - awesome. Loved the opening act, too - Nathan Fake. Lovely walls of sweet sound from each gentleman.
okay i'll break it down
We sure do! :) RT : Amen! (: Thank you my friend. And btw... do you guys have shippment outside of the US?
haha you will trust me :) lol
Smoked all my money, but I got a lot of weed left.
Hilltopper Football Nation unite!!! State Level I playoff game v. Kenosha Bradford, Sat 6pm at Indian Trails Stadium in Kenosha
RT : What?! Get a video! RT : So the Saddledome has new beer taps that fill the cup from the bottom.
Let's start a flashmob: When the space shuttle returns, everyone dress up up in Ape outfits. RT RT :
in re Gore divorce: I think another woman tired of the bloviating and feeding the bottomless ego.
RT : Apparently Gallo just had a contact lens issue RT : what's the word on gallo?
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
I can legally sleep in and not go to school till 10:30 for the test of the week. (:
please follow me back i had to make a new twitter
If you put a try/catch around a loop and expect it to continue if there's an exception... you're gonna have a bad time
Besides Darius Miles, who else is conflicted that All star weekend coinciding with the oscars.
Happy Birthday! What does a girl who wants for nothing wish for on such occasions?
I don't really understand the cream puff though. Sure, they are a time-honored tradition. But they are also vastly overrated.
I vibe harder without headphones
PS- These shoes are so dang awsome!! Thanks
Our entire generation needs a Hogwarts letter right now.
Hm imma get off and....go finish watching what i can of my Soap opera :D <333
If you got a red envelope during a December visit, don't forget to bring it in sometime before Feb 28 to see what prize you won!
Keep hearing Man Down by That line, could have been somebody's son? Well, of course he was. Thats basic birds & bees honey...
Just got done doin some radio promo on WDSR 97.7 for the show on Sat at Altar S/O to Vinny for having us down & playin some songs on the air
Talk about wrong place, wrong time. I need to pick my restaurant choices better.
I do I do I do I do you know I do
Food network? Sounds like my kinda show
Yeah! What'd you have? RT : bomb pizza #shoutout to chris
Appreciate the updates, Maureen. It's hard to tell the players without a scorecard. Literally.
AND OUR WINNER IS CORRECT ANSWER - IS DANIEL CORMIER -- FOLLOW
how's are things budd
Investing n ure health should B priority! Folks kill me complaining how they look/feel, when given opportunity to change, they give excuses.
haha Awesome! Thank you!!
Hooray! RT : Thank SO MUCH for free gift from #TCEA2012! Just got it in the mail. Love it!!!
preciate it bro,, same to you
I WAS JUST LISTENING TO THAT. AHH<3
I've had problems with my #Harmony. doesn't support Lion (as of a month ago, at least) try a peecee?
I dont know how to pronounce MODA3.
1000 days now since the last US Budget thanks to Harry Reid, Dem Senate, and quiescence of Obama. Spending with no constraint.
This stomach flu has 2 hours left until my birthday... It's an unwritten rule that you must feel good on your birthday, right?!
Gas prices being what they are, the Barbie car felt irresponsible
Hilton Worldwide Luxury Brands Appoints Stuart Foster as Vice President of ...
Nothing could be more amazing than going homes to the ones you love.
Content Summit: Jesus Ugalde explaining the diff. between the Assembled and the written UBIs and the Plinean Core adoption...
Heard "Hey, Soul Sister while walking through my apartment lobby. This evening has begun ominously.
#Believe in yourself . #NeverSayNever #Someday your dreams will come true Happy Birthday I love you so much♥
Follow my hubby He has a new positioning tool developed by an OT for kids with CP! Website: www.assistive-resources.com
I got the women's restroom sign for you for $7.
Prepping a DJ set for a Love Boat themed Holiday Party tomorrow.
to quote :
Based God should be in that dancing weber grill commercial.
Stuff is still open, dude.
Miss you.
Question: Should I prepay for funeral services? Answer: Completely depends on financial situation, contact your lawyer for consultation.
is working hard on #SXSWi plans! Find the iTriage man in Austin for a chance to win a 2013 VIP SXSW experience!
“: You'll never amount to anything.”
If you havent got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me.- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
“: Attention Miami Heat: When you flop and the refs don't call a foul, you look like a bitch.”
did not know about it! Sounds fabulous! It's been too long...I get back that week...I'm there! :) xo
what's your favorite Kanye West album?
Austin Mahone is a belieber boy. It's a fact. watch some video of him. There's some of Justin Bieber photos on his wall. He's not a wannabe.
Out of class early so happy now i just have to wait to go home...can't wait til I get my car, shit it's over then. lol
they're trying to teach you a lesson. Insert eyes rolling emoticon
What's worse - a country being led by a lying megalomaniac aspiring dictator or deluded people who love his every move?!?
In Camera => In secret or private session, not in public
Sometimes the most positive thing you can be in a boring society is absolutely negative.
Uh, human beings personalize EVERYTHING. How is that narcissism, imbecile?
70s and sunny all week long. Time to plan a #Ziptrip to enjoy the lovely weather!
Going to summer school
Lyle Underkoffler is impressed with long tail of apps, 18-24 month life cycle and counting. NB he works for Disney ;-)
should be late in period. I know we are excited
Had great phone chat w for next column about when he was a stay-at-home dad and author.
Study for biology! :/
its in the middle of the pacific......
I love how the boys jump around in What Makes You Beautiful and One Thing. They're so cute.
Secret Service Scandal? Just another distraction. The Dem's record on joblessness, failed and costly economic programs is still at issue.
Traveling this holiday this weekend? Where are you going? We hope you enjoy the holiday and travel safe
We're looking for 2 #interns here at Flank! Must be interested in: social media, marketing & fashion blogging. Msg me if you're interested!
Great news! RT : Congratulations to for returning to the #Bills. Great guy for our team & the WNY community
Beautiful day in LA!! Heading out for a coffee then an appointment with Disney.
best friend ever, we've been apart for 2 mins and she has already text me saying 'i miss u' soo funny xx lol xx
I just started it. They have gotten exponentially better IMHO
Do you ever wonder what God is up to...I think it's pretty HUGE!
I have to create a new twitter account. My twitter was hacked and password was changed
muah! Thank you. I'm doing my part for international relations. :)
Need mommy advice! Son has Dr. appt today to get vaccinated for Kindergarten in the fall. What tips do you have for scary shots?????
Good night! (: Lol
Just awoke from one of those crazy dreams that signal, "you need to wake up" to crazy confirmation via
"I don't curse. I keep it PG-13 because that makes what I do more marketable." She smiled like she knew something I didn't.
Ok, Can't wait to see it!
That. Is. Hilarious. How did I miss it up to this point.
You done good!
We need that 'Ring Ring Ring" video ASAP...The streets love that song
check your DM for a coupon for a free slice of Mac n Cheese pizza.
RT : I really wanna do a song wit Beyonce!!!
I'm having a rough morning. The last HK cookie helped though.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. Eleanor Roosevelt
All we do is win haha #blueandyellow!! Go #Nuggets!!
Don’t let anyone’s ignorance, hate, drama, or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be.
acini di peppe - Italian for "peppercorns," referring culinarily to tiny peppercorn-shaped PASTA.
For now, unfollowing some people. Cleaning up my timeline. Keep friends! Ppl that chat w/me. ;-)
Crap. I'm getting tired. Need more coffee. Or crack. Or both. Coffee Crack. 8 more hours to go!
RT : people bore me so easily so it's really difficult for me to stay interested in someone for long.
Im going insane
23andme just sent out their first whole exome sequencing results to customers.
Hey! Its our first official tweet! Looking for a dog walker or pet sitter? Check out our website www.lepooch.net!
Battle: Los Angelas is such a good movie. All the black people survived! I'm #shocked. Real talk.
He who has the fastest golf cart never has a bad lie - Mickey Mantle
when is black ops 2 coming out ???
Last agency side campaign I launched with #quantcast performed 3x better than 5 other ad networks. Their targeting works.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 1
Play time in the pool...now shower, movie, clean sheets, and a wonderful boyfriend!
#NSD !!! Eating subway(:
12 photos later ... "I regret asking about the red panda."
RT if you always loose your bobby pins
The price of success is much lower than the price of failure. - Zig Ziglar
Wow! Beautiful day! Worked out at Snap Fitness then walked to Subway in shorts and flip flops!
Hi Nicholas. I downloaded GIFTED HUNTER. Looking forward to reading it!
Wow! You are quite resilient...do you eat very healthy and exercise?
APD: 75-100 vehicles in ditch near Eagle River Loop Road. Stay off Glenn Hwy and off road in Rabbit Creek area
CJ Watson should have never passed that ball to Omer Asik...Sixers win
M, Kodak Portra...
I think it's safe to admit I'm slightly addicted to ! Not quite lunch yet but want a gentle touch and jerk chicken spring rolls.
I so agree with - Repeat a lie enough and it will become the truth... fact checking or not."Muddy the Waters" YES!
2 Lights, my favorite pop band. (OK, I've known em since they were babies, but still!) www.myspace.com/twolightsband
License plate in front of me: YPESTIS
On a scale of 1 to 80 billion, how excited are you to get your braces off? :)
LETTER TO YUPPIES: I don't like see "DOGS in strollers"...they wanna sniff a bush and a batty! AND NOT NECESSARILY IN THAT ORDER! WTH! lol!
Cant say that I tied.....Fuck dat bitch...cuz its obvious its Fuck Me........
Me and Sam Hewins are Wired from Energy Drinks!!!
Just tried leftover boneless wings wrapped in crescent rolls. Unbelievable!
I got stuck under my mom bed
Fuck the dancing with the stars judges.
Jay, I don't even understand what you are saying....he's threatening our freedom and liberty.
Good morning and Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there!
well u sure do say hell and mean things bout us
yea he didn't even know. I was like, hell yeah he will. You know he's on the thunder right? Lmao
why is the 4th line losing playing time in the third periods when the game is even or they lead?
Major Russell has a blended family of 8 children with his wife Lolita. He is a dedicated father.
That made me smile! We are looking forward to entertaining you in March!
was stareN so hard & I couldn't stop! lol..almost asked him what was it like acting w/ ..
This girl in front of me needs to SHUT UP!
Haven't been home in 4 months
Channel that Boredom Bro for Norfolk State and Make 'em Gator Bait..Lets do this Pat..Go Gators!!
Big Data is the new CRM.
but then i'd miss out on being able to just browse through all hte files and pick out ones i accidentally deleted
I love getting back to 1211 so I can use my Sonic Care tooth brush. 😁
Making a promise to dust the dirt off My shoulder. Last day of May will make one year. Time to stop living in the past.
my hair is so curly right now that it just might be alive.
Sometimes I forget I weigh 250 lbs...this is not one of those times.
go tom hanks!
Already so we'll see ya next week RT : yes I did
There's always a light at the end of the tunnel.
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick
oh sweet :) but don't get too lost!
RT : When pandora's playin the best jams >>>>>>>
hi YA! Im coming Saturday btw.... and so is my beautiful gf
Thanks for the tweet re: the session. Participants were fantastic. Looking forward to continuing the conversation.
There a more followers than leaders naturally but theres no need to #bitemystyle !!!foreal!!!
Now THIS is progress: The Amish bakery is here and I did not buy a thing!
Do not take what is not yours whether from a person, a community, the wilderness or from a culture
If you have any questions for Habitat please send us an email to
I really don't wanna be at school right now.... I'd rather be at home crying to my pillow but not here....
QuickBooks 2007, 2008, 2009 users who process payroll should update payroll tax tables asap - visit blog.qbgal.com for link to updates.
Thank you for dining with us !
At the Univ of Texas recruiting teachers!
So tired. i think im gonna get fancy tonight just because
#Itscutewhen ur niece calls yu and says "please come to our house and bring us some chocolates! :-) :-)
If I had a cat I'd teach it to hunt mermaids, I've always wanted a mermaid friend. Thanks to Aquamarine
Wow, ! I love your innovative style of micro-managing through twitter! :)
it'll be my third year...a great conference. intimate and fun and the new format looks great for connecting.
Things that made me feel better: potting plants, really fly dude calling me sweetheart, best friend calling me a sophisticated single woman
Kept having dreams last night that my phone already had a crack in it. Yes, Virginia, I am that pathetic.
Back at work & real world after fantastic week in DC. Now have to find ways to justify the honors & awards from #PILGF. I only hope I can.
Whether you need to sell your vehicle for cash to pay bills, buy a #newvehicle, or just have some extra cash on hand, we can help.
Looking forward to seeing some of the work our graphic artist is doing. One of our clients is going to be very happy!
Another day with the crew <3
I love
The lingerie party at avalon is going down ....im looking fly and all the ladies will be looking fly
A great follow this Friday! also
#DFSTips: Establish regular, scheduled times to think more long term, creatively or strategically. | #PlanningAhead!
Outdoor sprinklers put in spring working order. Nice bike ride. It feels like spring.
Now hear this, my mother is now on twitter.
I think most people would be surprised at how far arrogance and narcissism can take you sometimes.
Our difficult times difines us!.
until next time . . .
I hope you see this......but your the reason i cry myself to sleep at night........i thought u should know how much u hurt me. Hope ur happy
Parking here is such a bitch
what does sneezing and your left arm have to do with each other!
Husband made plans to go to Disneyland with friends tonight but the season finale of Supernatural is on. NO! haha
twitter is my bestfriend. :)
"ART" Awesome Random Treasures
So I need to plan my road trip to the Alamo this summer! MEMBER?
Listening to NPR... & would be so proud of me... Lol
Hi, got me all set up on Twitter now!
that life should be celebrated.
I love with all my heart.
come meet me at tonight! 6pm, see you there! LADIES ONLY for this event.
Difficulties working the weekend out. Still heading to Ceraland though...just not to drive
Want to go to the Colts game on Thurs? I have two $80 tickets... Make me a deal!
Hey I have some kids who have lost parents and are in need of shoes so if you can help me get some 9-11.Thanks
#FF to all of my followers and you know who you are ;)
There's a bunch of weirdness going on right now....I think I like it! :)
I'm officially 10 now!Hehe,my birthday was friday.How old are you?
Wishing the 2011 LAC folks a happy packet stuffing party this week/end!
hey! me too! the interwebs are full of surprises!
Hannah accidentally used Grace's toothbrush this morning. Obviously that warranted a full blown temper tantrum all morning.
please follow me back thanks!
your background is so creepy. i love you.
Come fly with on twitter!!!
It feels like it took me 5 hours to clean my room
That's a walking argument for euthanasia (for them, not grandpa)
The beach for sure tonight, amazing weather in jersey!
- Kelly, I think it matters if the individual is selling something or needing that social aspect of their biz. Otherwise, no...
when obama goes to ireland hope he meets the guy who taught and i to make hot whiskeys. cloves=little babies.
I want a receipts bitch!
My husband just sent me a gcal invitation for a weekend getaway.
RT": Keep going. Keep believing that your past can be transformed, your regrets reframed and your dreams can come true."
*sigh* why are you doing this to me.? you're the one who didn't want to be with me..
If I was your boyfriend..
ALERT: Received a large number of fake LinkedIn connection invites today. They all claim to be a colleague at Interbrand. Malware? Virus…
twitter: context-free and loving it since 2006!
I have been doing hard core abs for 3 weeks now and I don't see much of a difference.
Thinking about starting a ministry to folks in recovery. Anybody interested in helping out?
I really hate when guys half hug. that's like shaking my hand.
Dammit! That is one flick I wanted to see and am in NY for work that day.
they just got shit on by a Mex team
I wonder if this doc appt will actually take place on time.
Watching Alien Resurrection
Omfg.hanging out with this one guy today.& he is legit the best hugger ever.omfg.but of course.my friend is gonna flirt with him.like always
I need a #PDR can you help me out?
puts the past behind her. She forgets the bad, but remembers where she came from and cherishes these moments in the industry. ♥
Why are most movies that Jennifer lawrence is in rated R?
I have that happen all the time <3
We are putting all participants into a raffle, live via viedo on the 30th!
How many chocolate eggs can a 2 year old fit in her mouth?
#MyThoughtsAtSchool why this hoe does come everyday to just start problems!
Hi missed you on the last day of the lscon
Thank you! RT ": Anytime, I enjoy your twitter feed!"
you're very welcome ! Do you have a contract or any signings?
Good Times Cruise In Saturday 6/26 -- Classic Trophies is putting it on -- we're doing the registration right here w/lots of car-ish items!
i am officially upset
So instead of watching the new tintin movie I bought four tintin books, 18 to go
If you won the #FreeFuel5000 #contest, where would you go with the 5000 gallons of free fuel?
No word given. Don't want to speculate.
Hmm if I'm a girl what do I pick.. The nice guy with a bright future, or the bad ass douche that's going nowhere? It always ends the same
Welcome to Twitter Waikoloa Beach & Kings' Golf Course!!
Maybe once this marine layer burns off i'll be good to go..
It's getting closer-r-r.... coming soon Think, LOOFAH! " Mm-m-m past years of women's secrets from yesterdays natural skin softners tools
Thank you Annie :)
Missed you at the Premiere of GGD!! IT was great <3
#Diemonds is amazing. never fails to amaze me.
Do you have any questions that you want to ask these panelist??? Sent them here or add #digidoy to the end of your question! DMIS
Tonight on Mad Men: how inconvenient life was before cell phones
shouldve put an "!" at the end of that shit
Great job playing robotic surgeon today. Hope you enjoyed the to-go meal :)
There were more rolls on Inside the NBA on tonight than in the games after picks.
The Hunger Games didn't win favorite book. Children have no taste in good literature nowadays.
Sentence lost in park responds to:"He needed a word that rhymed with atrocious and halitosis wasn't something a chimneysweep would remember.
What does Obama "admitting he was wrong about the surge" have to do with Americans leading normal lives? Did I miss something?
Boise St and Georgia? Or LSU and Oregon? Decisions, Decisions.
I learned from you!!
studies say that people who drink 6-15 cups of coffee have a lower risk of dying.. but there are a shit load of bad things.
why even drink at all??
I love a monkey in a blanket
Was $30 million for the #Pacers the right thing for #Indianapolis to do? Call in and share your opinion: 317-736-0950
fingers crossed, I've heard it before.
If it rains this weekend at Coachella, we have a solution: add Nine Inch Nails, Mastodon, Iggy Pop & some punk bands to the lineup. Done!
Hey I'm jealous
It likely will be different. It's subjective, as defined by Brad Pitt in The Tree of Life. ( continued tomorrow)
i would but i think im heading to the game on lol, still cant feel my legs from last night
FINISH , my homework is a true hell , MY PARADISE GAGA AND MY PARADISE LITTLE MONSTERS I FINISH MY HOMEWORK OF GAGA IS A TRUE HEAVEN ♥♥♫♫
I wont let fear &paranoia, homophobia, racist &anti women agendas take over this country. We WILL re-elect Pres
A brisk morning run with , with a nice break at Crissy Field I just finished a 5.22 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Met #Broncos great Red Miller tonight, leaving a restaurant. He was friendly and engaging. A big moment for this D-town native.
Had my 1st standup class tonight. So much fun hearing other people's stories. Now I got a week to do my homework & write complaints.
I couldn't wait till Friday, I went ahead and followed all the others on the list.
Yea & the definition of timeless. 'Sweetest Taboo' still rings in my head from the 80s. 1st time I ever heard her.
Suddenly not concerned the commercials at all
oh I see my bad!! well I'm curious DM me lol RT : lmao but then one of my followers wont
In Music Meeting Karen Elson“The Ghost Who Walks” We like songs about ghosts! Beautiful song about brutal murder Creepy &I like it
I am on it. Reviews and ratings comin your way. This is 5 star stuff people. #Actingwithoutthedrama iTunes go listen!
A.Y.S. = A Youthful Soul, nonprofit organization based out of Miami, Florida. attempting to bring forth positive voices to our youth
the irony of not being able to use facebook connect to sign into facebook. c'mon it's funny
Nutella on strawberries = edible happiness
I just relized my parents werent home. And ive been home for half an hour
It's the big day. #LuckyFABB is finally here.
Good ass day so far
This Monday show world u support free information & lifelong learning. www.savethelibrary.org.
“Society has traditionally always tried to find scapegoats for its problems. Well, here I am."
Not gonna lie... I still hate 16th region refs... and most of the bad calls have gone against Mason.
Swiss Re Corporate Solutions, Milli Re A.M. Best Co. has assigned a financial strength rating of &lsquo;A+&rsquo; (Superior) and an issue
I double dog dare you!!
West LA...settling into a LA zip code just across your borders. Maintaining my Santa Monica street cred-news soon! Be excited.
Shoot I'm on already on strategy 2, objective 2.5 what u talkin bout! LOL
Thank you , all the panelists, presenters #BiblioTech12 for awesome conference
what should I eat at Cochon?
Congrats Barry. Where do you teach?
Well well well, Earth. I feel you.
15min to sleep before going to practice!!
Leyland could have left Fister in should have left Coke in this guy is terrible with his pitching decisions
I tweet what I want, if it's a problem, I wouldn't mind losing 1 follower.
Mandy it's ok you're missing people passing Lieto :(
Great pitch in #Dupont: Have you heard about Judgement Day? Want to help the homeless before then?
quit lids = no more doubles. lol :) kidding
RT : feels good to be on the winning team
ET's of the Alliance of Galactic Federations prevent large space objects (meteors, asteroids, & comets) from destroying Earth.
In the works of creating amazing choreography for an upcoming showcase. Don't miss Allegro's upcoming shows to find out.
How has Jesus opened up your eyes to His promises this week?
Luvin me some !!!
Can't wait for the weekend! Friday can't come and go fast enough. Anyone have fun plans?
So true, simple & too rarely said! re "The top priority for any #aid policy must be to end the need for aid" Mo Ibrahim
3 days until spring break. Oh baby.
here here! A 20k bag should not be gym specific.
the icing will
sure sounds like it.
GT's Alysha Rudnik homers in the bottom of the 1st for early 2-0 lead over #UVA.E. Cipolloni, S. Harris, Bowdren due up in 2nd.
Quit worrying about the next man pockets...
Of course, anytime. We'll be sure to keep you updated w/ any other events to come in the future. Have a great day!
butting in... Clover Club a must and kicked off the "new" bar revival if you will. Would also recommend Booker & Dax
Last Paris gig was in tiny cafe. It's been a long time since I've played a gig amp-less. Peacock's bass has a small sound. I was beating it.
tv/media
Wide awake. Scary nightmare :/
Yum! I'll be there! RT is opening this week! Starting this Thurs, April 26th, Cafe Bernardo on K will be open for lunch ...
I know! Deadlines and bills can only be put off for so long. Darn it.
thanks are you not coming out?
time line
yeah actually respond to fans!!
no way Cotto would win by decision. Doesn't matter how good he could have been.
RT : Happy Winter Solstice! Will you notice that today is the shortest day of the year?
Nothing says denied like being told no for a jumbotron marriage proposal. Poor Guy..
I'm with you in spirit!
i look at BABIP and OBP to date, and since it's still early in the year I like to use history to tell me a little more.
Jay-Z Mashups, Snoop&#39;s Smokable Songbook & More -- News Roundup
When I am older, I'm pretty sure it will be easy to take over the world with all my cats #foreveralone (:
That's worse than Timbit. RT : And she's so much luckier to be named Azauria... *snicker*
thanks bro we gotta kick it soon
MOOG headquarters=musicians playground
any advice for success in life !?
I miss when Cronenberg was weird :(
Might wanna specify Orlando area ; )
Drunk and eating Milano's! Where is in my life. She would appreciate this.
Hello monday i still dont like you but ill try and deal with you sincerely every who doesnt work or go to school weekends
lol it sounds good but ain't realistic
Monday... How was your weekend? We have some great early week specials you need check out. Stop in and say hi!
Don't forget to love yourself. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
There are only 4 days left until the #TITANIC AT 100: MYTH AND MEMORY exhibition opens!
Hey Grant hope things are going well...just was talking about u today when I ran into Paul at Edward Jones
I'm not gonna fuck with a girl which is literally fucking with my nigga..
It doesn?t matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. Brian Tracy
At the dentist...am I the only one who loves getting my teeth cleaned??
KC, Wash, Pitt, Balt, Sea, Hou, NYM all have better records than RedSox & Yanks. And Teixeira off to another blisterin start
hail to the redskins.....
is 1 in the afternoon too soon for whiskey?
A good exercise for the heart is to bend down and help another up.
Cool. In talk for the next hour or two, but maybe we can touch bases after that and figure something out?
Happy Mothers Day ! <3
hit a parked car, because i got irritated with waiting on it to move.
for everything you have done for Austin<3
and I laerv u too
Psst. Justin. Let me be your girlfriend? ;)
thanks!! And I know, I know! :0
same spot
What the hell? There's Marucci's in different colors o:
And remember its just a race no worries
your day definitely beats mine. But guess who's got the elder wand.
Funny that also 1967 marks the beginning of harder-to-OCR typeface in Polk's directory.
SKC's Aurélien Collin is just a horrible, dirty player
At LA Fitness working out...
One love fest in west palm good look
Amazon Prime Instant Video is now available on PlayStation 3
Pie to the face - Randy Wolf ! 6 game lead for The Mötley Brew Crüe in the NL Central with a Cardinals' loss tonight.
Just got to #ows - this isn't hippies or kids - it's everyone. Lots of signs.
At last! My first Poindexter!
this "no more tears" shampoo sure isn't helping to treat my crippling depression
I would much rather be in bed right now. Ugh.
If the opposite of pro is con, is the opposite of progress, congress?
I get the sense that you're using me to get closer to , but I agree we should get together! April looks good.
preciate it family
next year when you do the live #oscars you need a guest #Boston speaker. can you get Ocho?
all the work you put in this year putting everything together working hard made you one of my favorite players
Thanks for all your help this week at couldn't have done it without you and other
#YESmaybe LoL RT : its KD's time, lake show in the way
lol ill text u
Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing. - Leo Buscaglia
Dear #Kentucky, blocking out is crucial to winning a championship.
thanks a lot!
Occupy protestors on the move at the Port of Portland. Police have made some arrests. Live coverage on Good Day Oregon.
Going to Cali can't wait.
Does your One Legged Sandpiper fly. I'm just wondering if I have to watch out for poop on my safari hat while gardening?
Thanks! We've got a family visit to Legoland planned. Would love a tour guide!
damn that was my jam..
Uhhheweee skip just went in on Lebron, he said he just ain't got that toughness or clutch in him, damn bron
Is it too early to start drinking? I am working a garage sale and the only thing available is
Hans Norden talks systems & strategies! Great information you won't learn in business school!
ohh so all bout pll then??
Certainly, I'm JP, helping with some marketing for this project! A #RoyRogers fan for a while now. Nice to meet you!
no we're not cuz he is not. One of the top 10 underrated players of our generation? Now we're talking.
Soo i guess no one else is gonna send in photos for the #OneDirectionVideo ?
What are some movies which you didn't think would be good but actually enjoyed? Two for me are 'Priest' and 'I, Robot'
aah, thank you
good luck!
Cookin' Tunes recital is (((TOMORROW))) @ 7pm at Grandma's Music on the West Side!
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
There was a mix up this evening. Apparently #SportingKC is playing in a tennis complex instead of a soccer stadium.
Being happy right now is cool, but being happy in the big picture is what counts.
Im in need of someone's help anyone wanna help me ???
lol can I not said hi to people . ._. he was like shocked .
Seeing Muhammad Ali walk out to the field for the 2012 MLB opening day
Who is sad the clone wars season is over?
look great love the dress
Thanks for the leads!
Got a draft of that logo for you. DM me your email and I'll send it along.
Subway coming to Rozzie Sq.?
Jonathan Quick and the 7 Best Players Left in the Stanley Cup Playoffs: Smith left the beaches of Tampa Bay this offseason for the de...
It's fantastic that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords film at the same time.
beautiful try from Freddy Braun!
"Where Did "Blacks" Go Wrong?"………
Anyone who knows me, knows that I'm extremely passionate about what I do. My heart and head is in the music. I care about great records.
hey! check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be on warped tour this summer @ the girlz garage tent! :)
Barely a blip, but SearchBox (Articles) will be down for maintenance for about an hour at 3 pm on Sat.
Thank you SO much for helping with my image/branding homework the other week in Studio City. So grateful! You rock!!! : )
amazing! they're my favorite thing ever! I need to come in and get them touched up this week tho.
tnks2the gr8 artists,venues&people who came 2c the shows!keep following4 new #Israeli #Jazz &4 a chance2choose next year's lineup
Alright you funny ass looking boy.
RIP Heavy D! One of my favorite hip-hop artists! Gone but not forgotten. The Overweight Lover is STILL in the house!
Leaving Toronto for Chicago. Thanks to and all the other organizers of #THATCamp GTA. Time to sign up for !
Was going to drive back to work from lunch with the windows down, but decided to roll them up instead.
Brian Williams on Letterman...priceless
Talk about a good night. Study abroad reunion, meeting Gaspard from Justice and dropping heat! Solo trip was definitely worth it
#PR is at the hub of everything Monster does - connects #socialmedia, #advertising &
oo, have fun ... on the run, I mean
8 Tacos Today! My Bodies Gunna Go Into Shock! Thanks hahahaha
SAVE WATER . DRINK BEER!
haha same! They were amazing!
I've GOT to see a professional about my fear of the dark smh
Well, we've laid to rest my time at the Silverlake Female Festival and I'm having post show blues - I had such an awesome experience!
lookin' smooth! I think I remember that shirt!
doing it at fit and fearless
Don't put a limit on anything. The more you dream the farther you get.
belated #ff for colleague He's finally bringing his smarts, passion and reportage to the Twitterverse.
Oh oh! Wait Wait! Reagan also funded drug cartels in Nicaragua.
Marketing Tip: Make sure your contact information is easy to find on your website
Residence Inn teams up with celebrity chef Brian Duffy www.youtube.com/residenceinn
The Pirates are in first place! The Pirates are in first place!...for a day at least.
Let's do some damage!
im in love with somebody!!!!:)
much much later, and and 36 hours since the last sleep, pazardzhik bulgaria.
yeah I know. Just can't let them get to you!
you guys are the best, great talking w/you irl 2night!
C'mon! Do we have to recycle this old story? MT CBS can't be too thrilled with lack of Hollywood star power among Tony noms
: Thank you for your presentation at the Home and Design Luxury Expo in DC! It was AMAZING!! So inspirational
Weather advisory for last two days of the shoot. Huddle with the director & AD- come sleet,wind,snow,hail,rain-we ain't stoppin or slowin!
i realized just now my dads thumb in the bottom left and then the guy completly derping in the back
at NNLL in the concession stand so like dairy isle at a baseball field minus alot of the ice cream lol
think i'm not socially awkward enough in person? well hear me be even more so but ON THE RADIO. 8:30 AM Saturday Light Brigade.
Josh Koscheck Lashes Out at MMA Media: Fan Reaction
RT : Be still and know.
Before you know it the drunk tweeting will take effect, bahaha.
I wanna see a British person say the word knickers around a group of black people and see what happens. :D
Hollllla night in with the cutest people I know
I just finished a 1.82 mi run with a time of 20:53 with Nike+ GPS.
We couldn't agree more! RT : Bach always lifts my spirits...one of my ORIGINAL music inspirations...
why do atlanta teams seem to get the cakewalks?
We contacted the owners of that location to be sure they reach out to you immediately.
hey! Yah. Back. In ny w Shanna for a bit. U be around sd on may 14? I wanna hang! Party party party.
Finally found the best library to work in and just to top it off it's beautiful #NYPL Rose Reading Room
UmeNow CEO Supports Anti-CISPA Security Experts
Just told that Megamillions hit $640million. His response, "I bet Hurley wins."
pussy slap vs killer fist. We saw who won.
Why cant u love me as much as i love you??
Íjole me quitaron mi sunflower seed butter. blah. pero they let me keep my hummus. #LAX en route to #aera2012 lezdothis!
So tired z.
Nearing the limit on data streaming and can't watch Mad Men at work any more. It was fun while it lasted....
Phone been on slient since last month. It feels hella good being antisocial @ times
Thanks, I think we're OK. Are you somewhere fun?
I already have.... Thanks thought!
that's good, i get to perform in this big dance music festival this summer im so excited yet nervous.
Kempner/LaPorte will be playing a 1 game series on Friday night at Alvin
ummkay lol I love how we're talking on tweeter about this 😝
oh.....I was about to get in on this idea.....
Thank you #PlanetBallroom for your generous donation to
that's kool..jus hit me
Royal Siam Natural Health and Beauty Products & Services | LinkedIn: View products made by Royal Siam Natural Health and Beauty and p...
Analyzing what you haven't got as well as what you have is a necessary ingredient of a career.
do you wanna talk??
I know, right ?!
okay, it seems pretty boring but I just keep playing it. You should get temple run and doodle jump
heard they might have beer there! Off again, eh?
I love watching Tony Allen play. Love those NBA players that are all about defense
Please let Brock Lesnar kill off like he did Hogan. That's a start. Haha
You picked a winner.
is that in your picture? Wish I was there!
I live downtown so I can always do early coffee! How early would you prefer?
That was my deep thought for the day. Enjoy.
my shyness has fucked up so many good opportunities to talk to someone
Oh Monday, you're two hours too early! Where's the coffee?
I get an airbag warning with my bag on the passenger seat because it apparently weighs the same as a baby and car-seat.
Hey hope you are having a great Holiday Break! Here's to a successful 2012!!!! So glad we met!
Men are not slaves of women we are just afraid to lose contact with the pussy lol
You look pretty normal for someone who's dead on the inside.
yeah I know, me too
good luck!! Try & keep it together
you know the 11:11 hoodie? is it good quality? and what colour do you have (:?
Even Mitterand was not of that 1905 party. It's become more Centrist party since 1958, I think.
“If you have a good date, it’s nice to text them afterward to say ‘thanks.’ But if they were totally lame, it’s fun to text ‘unsubscribe.’”
Wow, that's the thing about the D800.. you need killer glass to take full advantage of it's amazing sensor
Do you know the office of grants and contracts at Columbia?
i never ever thought i would see $AAPL pass $GOOG. wow.
Listening to rough mixes of the album right now!
family get-together 
Having a total #fail during Toastmasters Table Topics. Must get better at on the spot creativity for difficult questions!
FUCK YOU NORTH CAROLINA. I know for a fact. I'll never vacation to your STATE ever in my LIFE.
Butter's marketing dept needs to go on the offensive with a "I Can't Believe it's Not 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter'" campaign
going out tonight in my Dangerous!!!
I'd do whatever it takes to get you to follow me<3
I can't never call her without it being noisy af in the backround !
I think we'll have some surprising stuff to show you this weekend! Get excited!
That would be life-changing!!!
Okay I fixed it! I had styled the children in the <ul> instead of the <div> containing it...Not sure why it really matters?
In the Louisville, KY area? Want a chance to go on a paranormal investigation with us? Like our FB page (see profile)!
I feel like I've been in an insane asylum for 8 hours. SO glad to be home from work!
Attendees at Midwinter Meeting stay on the cutting edge
#FF super awesome people!
What I ❤ about fitness/ optimum health is that it's not just 4 the Pros. Anyone is capable of sculpting their very best & desired physique!
#ImThatPersonWho never gets a joke (unless you explain to my why it should be funny)
lmfao we was ballin today for a bit he lives at ross
Why milk chocolate? so the kids have some candy left at holidays after I eat the dark.
Thanks! I really enjoyed reading this post too...
Just ran up the escalator the wrong way.
Throw down cheese cake
Are you sure that's English?
Whenever I think of something funny, I can't help but wanna say "LOL Forever." Thx 2 for your never-ending source of sayings. :)
bad group, for sure
Nothing a lil Ativan cant tame! Travel safely. I was with David Gas yesterday! as long as theres No ice ur safe!
Ready for today? We have: Undergrad Reading, Faculty Reading, Story Workshop Celebration, & panel on Females in Fiction!...
Need studio time? Or how Bout a free hour demo session? Hit up & follow for special offers
OT Andrus Peat picks Stanford
I'm sick of this triple avi mess..I'm bout to give y'all 3 ball shots
G’morning! Here we go! Force Factor Body Rush, Reg. 67.99, On Sale today! Only 33.99. Great pre-workout boost!
22 MILLION FOR JUSTIN!
It's funny how people have, like, different opinions on things, and stuff.
How was everyones christmas?!?!?!?!
Does being an employer of choice really matter?
Tonight! Don't miss the DC Science Cafe's "Quantum Mechanics: Embrace the Weirdness." 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. @ Busboys & Poets, 5th & K NW in DC.
Dex: Fake friends would ask you if you were ok if you fell. Real friends would trip you again. Me: 0_o
Yaaayyy!!! PREDS win the series! Catfish on the ice & all! Pens have another win too: we live in HOPE! #TheFlower was in full bloom tonite!!
I only assume when things looks obvious.
I would ask Martin Luther King
The Nothing But Show #32 - The guys and gal from The Last Podcaster Standing, and the music of Kyle Hunt and the King Gypsy
You know where to send the pics to in that case.. ;O)
And the search for the best noodles in Chicago will continue on Sunday.
Tomorrow we'll be easier to get to! We are giving away cupcakes , make sure you stop by the family stage & pick one up FREE :-)
*shots fired*
DOING MY OWN THING
what might have been lost
RT : I can never show enough love/appreciation for all the DJs that follow me. Have a great set tonight!!!
jet ski'n with the ill'est of visions... sean kingston EAT MY DUST!
Playing Carey lake tonight. They requested an 8:30 start and country tunes. I'm thinking 9:00 and rock n roll
live stream of men's game not working; women's was fine--having issues?
#imagine Austin:It hurts me when other guys flirt with u.Yur so beautiful,you can get any guy.Please dont leave me for anyone.You:i promise
Unexpected break in the middle of a meeting. It's like half-time.
:* what time is it there?
- Ubet! Good luck
just sent you a list of recs...and now I want to go back! I miss it! :)
Dear lord, thank you for allowing the Royals to win. Amen.
#SaySomethin is flawless I love it..no know I can't #SaySomethin ;)<3
Ok I got over it.
ok just trying to figure out if im going to pedicab or not ill keep u posted, should know soon
Aye Watch Yo Mouth...Im The Only One Who Can Call Him That Lol
I wonder if energy consumption in the country is higher in the morning when everyone flips on their coffee maker?
have to re learn Beaser Gtr Concerto Buffalo Phil Jo Ann Falletta !! June 10 This piece scares even me!
Oklahoma always. Thanks, man.
Oh darling, I wish you were here.
Keep It 100
yup yup! I remember that Soho Rep date!
Guess it seems like there should be a better format. Maybe review instead of recap, as the blow-by-blow aspect seems pointless.
good questions and comments tonight...it's past my bedtime!
funny how we've gone from "yes, I can take a laptop!" to "ugh, do I have to lug a laptop!" :)
Call Motivos to save your spot on the bus! Youth can come with us to WCU's 20th Annual Latino Leadership conference 4/28.
You at work ?
Fishy idea for a hungry Earth - The Canberra Times
Learned last night that I'm able to follow an old man pulling down his pants and rapping, I'd just prefer not to.
Life goes on, Days get brighter ~
Same reason I grew the beard, intimidates the SHIT out of the hitter.
twitching. time to go yet?
You gonna fly with me (:
All these shoutouts and no one follows me -_- :(
noone's gonna be ready for my big news!!
Follow back me is a Sexy account related to Watch porn ;)
Imma just ignore
I was like "damn is that what i sound like" lol.
I don't even really remember last night.
homework dont care for it much they be no such thing as hw
Thank goodness the #Steelers are playing the #Chiefs tonight. This is awful.
I just took a brief sample...6 of the first 10 items in my feed are about Mad Men. Hey, Internet, ever heard of Tivo??
Bueller on the Big Screen!
God of Fire cigar sale all day at our Washington, DC store + meet Keith Park, owner of God of Fire cigars, tonight from 4pm-8pm
Lee's sword and uniform again on the move to Appomattox, objects to be included in new Civil War Museum near battle field, part of
have used Camtasia and SnagIt - haven't heard of Jing- u like it? Is it free?
looking forward to seeing everyone
Happy to share with you on twitter. Thanks for the follow!
must be a good weekend for you #texans #cougs #niners #collegegameday next week #tigers #heard you saved money on car ins
What you do when people sing happy birthday to you: Sit there like a dumbfuck trying to figure out what to do.
weird. It isn't on my phone
the middle child
Drama damn it!!
Pope Clement VI was the first to baptise coffee & make it a true Christian beverage.
Why is my retweets goin to my mentions??? Plume fuckin up
Music is love in search of a word. -Sidney Lanier
One more follower and we'll be at 1,700.... Be the one..
No mentions whatsoever. Awesome. :/
that song was a Fave of mine from my childhood! Loved the halftime show!
Having an early lunch with !
Good to see Chipotle adding healthy options like brown rice to their menu:).
Still resonates to this day. RT : "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." -Ayn Rand
Forever young
when you have it?
my brother knows all the lyrics to hero by and sings along!! He says its my fault cause i got it stuck in his head
Agree. But I think citing lack of 'execution' is usually coach speak for putting blame on players. It never occurs that the..
Oh tom cruise! ☺
Yeah they play bridge with Jack and Diane.
cool facebook doesn't wanna know that.
I got this Broncos Nation. Don't worry!
everyone is beautiful. don't listen to society because society is SHIT. all of it. that's why no one has self-esteem these days.
Were you tweeting while you did it too? that's impressive ha RT: Just wrecked my car trying to take a picture of the Blue Angels...
u got OKC winning it all?
According to a study done at Harvard between angry jocks and chemistry geeks, whoop-ass has the same half-life as spam.
that was a good jolt
Working on a slideshow for Friday ... the "15 MLB Players You Can Realistically Trade For Right Now" ...
puppy bowl is the only tv event that makes me wish I had cable.
USA-Brazil got what, a 2.6 overnight? Hard to believe USA-Japan will more than double that. But I could be very wrong
I is gonna be up in da Delta dis weekend! Who gonna hang wit me?!
off to lunch (:
I wish they made drive-thru ice creameries. I would be their best customer.
WifeSwap is hilarious.
no.. We have to watch cupcake stuff first! Argh!!!
Just received thee BEST advice! Time to rest my eyes.
Kernel Panic! Help me Roy!
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
If $25 MM of Koch money moved Walker down 4 points, think of what $100 will do.
“: “: We are living out Orwell's Animal Farm. The pigs are in charge”.”.
Ah ha! excellent idea. I'll try to stream while at my desk. Have fun tomorrow!
Watching Bloomberg #econdebate This looks like a debate to me.
yay! Dont worry it's hardly even cold here.
Zero inbox. Whew!
It's time to admit that Monopoly doesn't work any more, and we must replace it with a system of Scrabble.
We've got a southern feast and some Tennessee Williams movie-watching planned for Labor Day. How about you?
can i get one
<333333333333333 the happiest day of our life. That will be the ONE DAY of your whole life, you spring out of bed
hi troy
Welcome! Thank you for keeping this wonderful #literacy celebration week going!
Getting brain wit my seat back, sipping Ace til my wig crack, cooling out wit my niggas G, BornFly I rep that...
Cool Google stats: 7% of global searches coming from mobile, 80-90% from "high-end devices" like iPhone and BB
iCloud - Everything I can do now but in one place and simpler.
I believe everyone should get affluent and well-known and do all that they ever dreamed of so they may see that it's not the answer.
Writing science carefully, dangling participles must not appear
I'm hungryy
At a photo shoot where I'm being paid by the hour...they aren't being efficient & are having me sit around a lot. I'm good with that. :)
im sendin it right now.
Yay Paranormal Challenge is starting! Been waiting all week for this! This is my new fave show besides Ghost Adventures!
MatchRate PLUS - Merchant Testimonials
Staying home sick. lol so fun I know
He is now tied with pujols in homeruns.. He's a power hitter obviously..
that tweet is why i think that it could be oprah. she prob never had to tweet before she fired all her marketing ppl.
China fuels record profits at German luxury carmakers
Aw, we love you to<3
Perfect! Much appreciated.
What was your favorite part of the AMC's tonight?!
said he had problems too. Seems to be working now though.
If you were surrounded by 3,587 bees and wasps, you would want to hit them with a golf club too! XD
I <3 label makers!
what drew fell off the stage how
Travel agents remain vital source for cruise sales: Both companies say proximity to the world's two busiest cruise ports — PortMiami ...
I want to find someone who enjoys my awkwardness, loves me even when I'm mean, and laughs at my jokes even when they're not funny.. :|
thank you Philadelphia! had a great time at the craft bazaar. thanks to everyone who stopped by the booth and bought shirts!
Danica Patrick to be sponsored by Coke Zero. Nice of Vegas to help gamblers by putting her chances of winning right on the car.
Wow cool!
I need to lay off the sweets…:/
going to Jason Davis' bday with the source of frustration of celeb rehab!finally a convo!
Happy Birthday!
um yea
good...im tired all the time now but its good
And I was able to change my bracket b/c Melo's ineligible- glad my $7 still has a chance but this is disappointing for the 'Cuse program.
every comedy movie in the world
in mississippi
Acting like I don't need a liver
Ending a long work week with an infrared saunaaaaahhhhh at my #acupuncture office. Amazing how peaceful it is here-in downtown NYC.
Lets have sum fun in the sun witta a gun an a dum dum ta shoot then i take all the loot while im eatin sum fruit cause i think that im cute
we love hooters but which hooters do we love
GoodMorning Twitter Got A English Final Exam Essay @ 9:45 So I'm Bout 2 Smash Some Breakfast
"In My Veins" by Andrew Belle. Words cannot describe.
#FF #learning #leaders #lifting others
the answer is 2 over 36 b.
Good Morning! Have a great day!(:
thank you for your comment. any problems in the future text me while riding. Cab color, name or number.
Ar you following ? It's the voyage of theTitantic in real time. Fascinating.
musiciantalk thought #7-artists can be unbalanced-stay up late-listen to music loud-be low on cash & over-commit to too many projects/people
send an email to rehan asking for one and well see what we can do thanks
Heckle a comic and get tazed!!! Hahaha. I love working at the
RT RT : Breaking #LAKings news...Jonathan Bernier signed to a two-year contract extension. More details to come.
Just finished the soccer game at Iberia in Down Neck with my FIL and wife . . . Corona Fina 3 qt bottles for $15 WOOOOHOOOOOOOOO
Just had a massage on the beach -- so relaxing
monthly reminder re your music
<3 text me. got plans tomorrow?
interesting... weird
Naked Harry
Tell your girlfriend to avoid Mockingjay like it's the Capital.
Come on Noles
i lost 2 followers! )':
congrats hun 😃! Always so darn proud of you!
Looking for the video of that Noah slam if anyone finds it.
Miss you too!!! They finally found out what was wrong with me, but i have lots to tell you too, nd cant wait to hear #Goodnews?
To spin clockwise or counter-clockwise, that is the question.
light work , slight work .
thanks bro
Character is a victory, not a gift.
Steve loves his fans. "Hello" backatcha!
RT : If Phil Jackson ever had the chance to become Knicks coach he should demand that MSG rebuild the "Willis Reed" tunnel.
Lop victor cruuuuzzz
I'm so tired :/
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute.
Note to self. Don't eat at night unless ya want to wake up overnight feeling like shit.
Bagels for breakfast then off a rehearsal :D Kyra
thanks for the love!
Job+Downpayment= Car!
..In the world?! Considering you've been around the world I'll take your word for it :) Cant wait to ck it out some time.
Q. What's the difference between a whore and a bitch? A. Whore's fuck everyone at the party, Bitches fuck everyone at the party except you.
BOW WOW.
too bad you put that..
sweet babe :*
Nice game Hawkeyes
Thanks for the add everone
Midnight stomach pains = the worst pain ever
I'm going to listen to the archive they send though. Which is also more convenient
you think you know, but you have no idea
Everyone be careful out there today!
I dont have a type, it's simple, if I like you, I like you.
I just RSVP'd for the event on December 9, 2010. Wanna come? Check it out at www.ChicagoISC.com See you there!
you need ur own planet ;) how's it goin
At Roy's Natural Market in Dallas this Friday Noon to 3pm handing out free cookie samples! Come by and say Hi! 6025 Royal Ln. Dallas TX
A logo, business card and stationery are not your brand -- YOU are.
shatup go tend some goals
I wrote my bio, then realized 99% of my tweets were sure to be about TV so I'd better cover my ass w/ a pop culture reference
TWO DAYS away ==> fundraisers on May 3rd at 5:00pm! Check the next group of #startups present to a panel of #angels!
Marry The Night is so fucking amazing chopped
Had a great day at school ^.^
Austin, you'd pro ably get followers if you'd follow them backk(: just an ideaa.
Latinos in Social Media (LATISM) Takes Over Times Square on Friday, October 28 with a Digital Billboard on the World-Famous Reuters Sign..
Have fun!
Follow a celeb on Twitter? don't be offended if they express opinions u don't agree with They aren't mindless robots. Except for Bender.
Not today, but we'd like to look into supporting ACH as a future project.
": Looooool Someone running around with a knife stabbing protester's drums. Haaaaaahaha" 99% Chicago where are you?
Very slowly-moving thunder is rolling across Bay Area skies. Love it.
Q. How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex? A. Call her and tell her.
I'm gonna try. That's when I'm looking to make my press box debut of you will
Merry Non-Specific Holiday! Check out the show on right now and watch Kelly Clarkson and Demi Lovato KILL it on stage!...
I will be teaching at 6 o'clock this evening at Kashi Atlanta. Bring it! <3
when is going to do a song.
Dude, it's mos def a library All the adults dressed like the kids from my Kindergarten class. So many Lethal weapon mullets
nice! :) i have my 2nd interview at American Apparel at moa tomorrow :) we could be work neighbors!
fun & oh so interesting! Must do again v. soon.... Feel btr!
I wish I could of spent the whole day with him.. But he has a job now, have to get used to it -_-
Getting ready for the segment on the Missing Rockwells on Host looking dapper tonight Luv the tie ^TR
How bizarre that his 1st thought is to tweet this drama. If real, I do feel for his kids. Kids always get caught in middle.Sad.
um let's talk tomorrow ;)
jeff i like your coverage, will miss it when Sun tries to ateal $100 a year for it
I have enough to get it fixed, but if I save a little more, I can get a brand new one with a webcam :)
Great pic! Kelly and Lauren had a blast! Glad u enjoyed the show!
Who is bagging the Meek Mill?
RT : Show your school colors to our final artist. Wiz Khalifa.
Not even Halloween and I've spotted roughly six Waldos. Guys! You're too easy to find.
oh god I can't even watch it
my boys holding down the court while i'm in the DL!
I'm pretty sure we all hate directionators in our school who pronounce Louis' name as "Lewis."
It's all about execution and team defense when 9.3 secs remain and playoff elimination on the line.
Once my everything; now my enemy.
Good morning, alumni! Do you have any plans to celebrate May Day tomorrow?
love you to:)
i saw bad teacher it was awesome!!
I love Xmas time and I'm hosting the family party this year. Now I just have to worry about gifts and food.
Tonight turned out to be a bust!
You win #lazytwitter this week
Andy Richter at Royce Hall reading Borges!
Saw on my walk home from practice
Im the oldest child and grandson..Im use to passing down my 2nds and not sharing or taking someone else's pass down. I get the 1st and best.
True Love dont always manifest itself with expense jewelry or fine clothes. It could be the simple hand written letter stating "I Love U."
Pussy whipped lmfao
"New Twitter" displays names differently. Did you know you CAN change your name & user name without losing followers? Not case sensitive.
SB107 Reality: What do you think this means? "Security deposit may vary depanding upon application." Depends on what Forward Management?
Dudes are acting like Mitch Bades, until your girl gets kidnapped & held for ransom.
If you had to select only one book to read for the rest of your life, which book would it be?
Melanie Hurley, USA? My internet connection is way to slow!
life's good, how about yours?
aww poor baby...I hope my nephew feels better soon!
When used correctly, handouts can be ally in transferring message from idea into action. ~ Bob Pike
yo order up a #Buffett ticket in AC August 4th
come to Minnesota. Please.<3
