Thanks for sending the link. Great stuff!
although i am a little disappointed in the form factor man I encourage u 2 take the plunge the 4S is nice & it feels new again
Hey baby
Balsamic vinegar, xtra virgin olive oil, fresh-squeezed lime juice, a splash of white wine, rock salt, fresh-ground pepper. Yum!
Movie chasing. A couple of blockbusters slated for production in 2010 might film in ABQ!
so excited for the weekend...I need a lay in!
Will Richardson says that it is up to librarians to help keep the love of learning alive in kids-help them 2 tap into their passions
Let's roll some #PaperPlanes for this game.
RT : Many thx to for putting on a great conference! Pleasure meeting new faces and sponsoring the After...
those look A LOT better than the last ones.
How are all of my news stations talking about mundane things when there are riots going on in London? Internet is a far superior news source
And another #ff to Thanks for the retweets & mentions!
Scholarship recipients will be notified TODAY! watch out!
Check out our new page and let us know what you think! P.S. One month 'til the opening of our 2012 season!
I know it frees up a lot of time. I think its a matter of time before it explodes
I'm hungry AF
a little hunger games, then quality pillow time.. today was such a long day, and another one tomorrow.
Me: We needa get some coke Maggie: what kinda coke Bro *sniff sniff* Hahaha Me: like drinking coke :)
My little brother graduates from MSU tonight!
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
In a lot of ways makes sense. People spend a lot more time on social then home pages.
soundtrack scream as Scully finishes her joke, removes sunglasses.
Tht was a short tribute but I loved it....now here come the pink Barbie messing up the flow
Matt forte got the bitch runningback
Couldn't make it to #12ntc this year, so I'm joining virtually today. Looking forward to the sessions!
Thanks for the follow! I'm excited to exchange insight and ideas on here.
Humble yourself before the Lord and He will lift you up
Reminder to attendees, tomorrow is deadline for making hotel reservations @ conference rate. Protip: check non-conf rates, too!
Thats true homie we dont even no if is going to happen though if you know what I mean?
Spending the #f After party in a car back to Dallas. What was your favorite band today? I LOvEd !! Hands down!
BIG congrats to , Maestro Riccardo Muti & entire for recently completed & triumphant tour of Russia & Italy
Thank you for being awesome - satisfied customer
Met with a Project Manager and Digital Marketing experts today... things are going well. BELOW THE BRIM is on the move
LUNCH. Phew.
Studio Packages Available @ Platinum Room Studio! Recording & Mixing... Inbox for info!
I have a hunch there is a flaw in Twitter usability, when I constantly find myself switching back to the old layout, just so it will work.
WTF THERE'S A SPIDER IN MY REARVIEW MIRROR TOO!
by the by!? You guys partying your faces off or what?!
u can txt me if u want
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier
he is a fine man. He could talk to me and I would melt. MELT. I'd put on heels for that man.
I'm so freaking tired of this. It's making me insane.
Yo gets out of a bases loaded jam! 76 pitches through 4.
Live, love, laugh because we only go through this life once. Make every minute count.
have a great day, too!
The People have spoken,... And We Have Taken Our Country Back....!!!
the music or the 'condiment'?
am I allowed to say that?
Nice to meet you Sarah!
At breakout session-What does authentic assessment mean?
Brunettes vs blondes message me who is better
no problem man
That Jawn Crazy *in my reese voice*
Awesome! Makes the challenge well worth it.
“: BHO will have more flexibility after the election, no worries....Not!” flexibility head up ass kiss by
RT my life is gospel and my music is me...!
Just saw that you'll soon be joining us in the Emerald City -- excited to meet a Twitter friend face to face this summer!
Who's been by to see our new art exhibition, Forces of Nature? We'd love to hear what you think of it!
Forgot how damn redeeming the Replacements can be. Grooveshark has to be the best La La alternative
My Favorite Female Artists: Ellie Goulding, Adele, Skylar Grey & Tegan And Sara...
Shit. Just. Got. Real.
Go by today and tell them I (Gloria) sent ya for 20% off your purchase! The roses are GORGEOUS!! You need #freshflowers!
take on me....*take on me*
Follow me back?
HRResourcePortal.com = HR Vendor: $10 per month, minimum 3 month listing. Your Company, URL, Email link, 80 word description, searchable.
and you know I'll keep pushing you all until I see you where you belong.
Doesn't it hurt to see me now? #sucksforyou 😉
Yeah Leyland! Leave him in for another batter, won't you?
everybody needa get off Young Moneys nuts. Actin like its tha best label and shit. Get yo mainstream ass outta here and listen to real shit
RT : "Once you go through it you'll believe it, and you'll never give a woman more than you want her to leave with."~ budden
I'm LOLing at my friends who want me to pick them up from Churchill right now
yes we do. We are home every evening and off Saturday and Sundays...let me know.
Childbirth classes help inform pregnant women about risks/benefits of being induced, but there is decreasing attendance in the US.
The Iconathon is all about creating symbology for the world we want to live in.
Hurricane Irene has passed through my area. What did it do? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
At least you got a phone. Stop bitching about everything.
Just added to the #wfx expo floor SKB Cases
": Real estate in Brooklyn allow #bklynfood scene to afford kitchen space + storefront. Where's that in DC?" / mt.p pls?
I can be the king and you can be the queen
Looked in the mirror and saw Joe Pesci. Just ate a Snickers and I'm back to normal. *phew*
ONLY 45 MINUTES FROM ATLANTA AIRPORT
I wanna settle down, quit bein so flirty.
Just beat Gary, Mike and Paolo in 9-ball. Easily.
is there a correlation between sanity and network bandwidth?
welcome back!'
I hate you BABIP
I just spent 160 dollars on groceries. Eating in forever
random event of the day covering RG3 in NYC...I ran into Gilbert Arenas...he wouldn't give me an interview though...damn!!!
"....the underrepresentation of women directors is a national issue." You know, I actually don't get that sense in Chicago.
Wow Rinaldi is a goon.
Who up?
Academic lectures or popular talks? (E.g. some of CS Lewis' apologetics books began as BBC radio addresses)
And now the family is gone and I am all alone again with baby. It's kind of nice but super sad.
Hey I love the striping pic of ya lol I wish I was there
Bitches ain't shit but they ain't saying nothing I beez in the trap!
My dad (64 years old), said he has not yet reached his peak in life. Now THAT is an entrepreneurial/optimistic/confident outlook. Love it.
The Betsey Johnson store on Melrose Ave. is closing down. 40% sale
just dropped "bootylicious" destinys child- wow, and they loved it!
because you are gay?
#WhatIWantThisSummer is the same thing as always: to make a million dollars and get skinny. I feel like this is my summer.
Roach just wants that pay day.
#WeWereCoolUntil you decided not to trust me and trust a shit talker...
RT Did an interview abt social media tdy and confessed sometimes (like tdy) keeping up w/it makes me feel overwhelmed. Right?
Perspective - Foreign markets account for 73% of world purchasing power, 87% of it's econ growth, and 95% of all it's customers
Best thing about Saabs is that they are, well Saabs and nothing else.
I'm watching Gothika and am not enjoying Gothika.
using the word worst for worse is worse
so sweet bless♥
that message I just sent >
your game is sick man! keep it up and you'll an all star in 2 years. I'm sure you'll dunk on Lebron or Wade in the playoffs!
16 more days til new album #Fortune is released ah its almost here yay!!!!!!!!
“: Seriously the trending thing is getting really annoying .” fereal honestly it has a point somtime but sometime it dont:(
What time does Dilliard's New Years Day sale start in the ATL?
why you not at school?
surfing... Truss!!
": Everything you ever told me was just a lie."
but now all these dumb bitches are up on my TL...lol jk
Blue Bloods On dvd What U See
When I'm in clinic it's my FP clinic so all is good, I'm talking about when I'm on the floors doing my inpt. surgery rotation.
On a roll developing ideas/syllabus for my summer teen internship program. Super excited!!
Um no Etta James? What.
We'll be playing LoseMyNumber's farewell show on March 4th at Mojoes! Come hang!
follow us
When your legs get weak, run with your heart ❤💪 late gym sesh
Who wants to join the Bobby Petrino motorcycle club?
that's beautiful! and i've been good. i finally saw my Red Hot Chili Peppers <333
RT : But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far off have been brought near by the blood of Christ. Ephesians 2:13
Once u stopped giving a fuck it's hard to care again
you used to
Great given the limited time you had. Marche & Turkle didn't seem interested in representative data. Fringe cases are sexier.
Good morning world
thank u for guest moderating #legalchat today! Have a great weekend! cheers!
Yeah. I didn't know that at first.
At the City's budget discussion with students. So far, city officials outnumber students.
u know... germany haz nothing fun 2 do...
so-so. i feel sad. whats your name?
I've never even driven the one I have now...
drive to orlando today.
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
Getting ready for a party! Gonna catch up with some old friends
just put me on a new game 👍
Well duh, the OKC Thunder are a better, more complete team. Erbody knows that. Those black hipsters can BALL.
Only cuz I'm high #cloud10+
Holding on....
Chronicle's been making an on-line mess for a while. Half-baked blogs are not the same as serious editorial content.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you!
love what Paul just said about NOT wanting to run anything.
thanks, looking to do more events in the future
There is a large contingent of Norwegian architects touring our office right now (cc )
Did I just watch Ike open the button and Nanoko fold A8 in the BB?
Gotta favorite that shit to remind myself not to hurt this little girl
Was told I look thinner today! #daymade ;P
6/11 11:35 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
I just wrapped my show this weekend. #thatweirdbittersweetfeeling THE UNDERPANTS has closed.
good as long as you don't look like this girl...stumbling n buckling all over the place - and she's sober!
Bike rack on bus frozen closed. Solution?
Corned Beef is awesome.
So can we finish what we started, don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight
lol me too! I need to feel the birthday spirit...haha
He also has a Twitter account. And a bad haircut.
Myy dadd called me .. kind of made myy night :)
did you say im a shit talker?
Live show tomorrow?
awesome! On the countdown. Look forward to your session, Jeff!
Aw—I used to love those! That's where I learned to write a check. RT : At junior achievement!! these 2nd graders are so cute!
Edcamps are place to meet, learn, reflect, and ideally improve.
Happy mothers day to the married moms, divorced moms, and the widowed moms. Yall are so amazing don't forget it! Thank you for all you do!
MMMMMAAAAACCCYYYY!♥ yay, you have a twitter. (:
already wide awake
Rosa bound with big brother..happy mother's day to all da mama's out there <3
Good Morning!!! Don't forget to smile today!!
#oomf -- One Of My Followers
How goes it my friend?
its a great day! the rain cant stop me!
Someone told me I was lucky I had Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma- better than breast cancer- funny thing I was set to die both times.
That's funny
Back in ATL (my 2nd home) for Teen Wolf
Hey, there is Hot-sex, Group-sex, safe-sex, phone-sex, speedy-sex, crazy-sex and for people wid ur face - NO SEX!
Good thing me and each have a friend now!!! 😘
Also just noticed the oxymoronic/simply moronic nature of declaring something 'free pre-paid!'
Please take pity on me. Although I've been fist pumping to the music samples this evening... I'm not going.
i don't know but I can't wait till I find out.
Too early to pull out the Sharpie???
Recording music video day 1 over at 2 am what !!!
leaving tomorrow, back on 7/29, staying at Royal Sonesta Hotel
beware of the Best Frontcourt in the NBA: Melo, Stat, Chandler
My toe hurts.
No, sadly in Milwaukee doesn't have Not sure if they will in the future.
You like someone you can't have.
But have you had the Momofuku Milk Bar cookies with cornflakes?
OJS Review Forms build survey monkey-like features into the peer review process
haha you know I get that B-roll! I made him look good!
Actor? Writer? Director? Sports fan? Follow Michael Forman, talent manager I assist
Yea! Glad you came is on the radio :)
Really looking forward to NOT writing checks for tickets, fines & bills for at least the next six months.
STALL: I-84 eastbound @ 53rd, on right side
#hawks up by 11 @ New Jersey.
schneiders on capitol hill?
An inspirational story and great restaurant. Don't forget also a Cyrus alum!
My mother ALWAYS forgets me at dance. -.-
": tea c:" best drink in the world!
Horrible sightlines RT Too many seats. Crappy views : Tix mkt for Final 4 worse every year. domes=failed strategy
HELLO EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT DAY THINKING OF U HUGS
Wait Is it that easy for me to get you over here? We need to discuss you visiting. And yes, this will be in SF. Mark your calendar
OMG!! RT : The worship band at this church has a keytar.
hasn't written a blog post in a while.
thats all that matters!
your just too hot!
cant wait until i see at rollerjam tomorrow <3
Calling my shot #Lakers lose tonite #Nuggets 105 to 103 after game #KOBE announces retirement.
Kinda like a mosquito? Ya know? Really irritating.
ok, this Gritty Goat video is finally coming to life! yes
Good morning friends and happy President's Day!
Hello Christian, love your html5 work. Do you know someone who can design a purely htlm5 (three.js) e-commerce site? Best, gregor
Bethesda wins Grand Prize in Restaurant: Fast Food!
Our phenomenal student panelist Sgt. Michael Rave USA
didn't even know that existed, you made my day.
Happy 14th Birthday i hope it's great cause you deserve it <3 :)
starts snowing the second I arrive in Boston....figures.
Very impressed and thankful how all communicated via twitter. Only way I was kept updated!
sweet! thank you! xo from ATX
Amen sister the best time of the year for both sports
thanks for the support and follow I love your bread on a philly steak or a french dip oh so good check out
Later on today :3 Catch me in the gamer room upstairs.
General Assembly Square in a few mins.
As you speak the words I AM you are increasingly anchoring your place in the Universal consciousness.
All weekend bring your "unwanted shoes to El Borracho (22nd & Locust, downtown) to send to Haiti through soles4souls. get free appetizer!
Idk but he's jammin right now dude
Listening to Eminem makes me anxious to play football
Welcome to Cincy Kirkpatrick
"The Fresh Price of Lexington!"
Wow. Now all you lack is Lola and the apartment will be perfect!
#711 You got... We Found Love by Rhianna :)
Happy Birthday!
Hang around with a horse for a day. It will quieten you down and change your perspective. Just grass, water, dirt and sky.
Started smoking again because food cravings are HELL
16 yrs ago today, God gave us our Jake. Conceived after a Tubal Ligation; extremely rare! God knew how much we would need him. Thank you...
One day, Thundercats will rule the world.
Happy Delaware Day, everyone!
i bet you can handle yourself pretty well on a softball field, you should come play with us!
Hii! I'm doing great! I've been judging a few pageants lately..very fun! I did see u came to Chicago. Hope u had an amazing time
And this.
Until you are willing to die to live, you'll be dying to live as the living dead.
writing 1st correspondence of hopefully many 2 my new jail boo- what font should I use? Need one that says sexy dangerous but not desperate.
we play Colleyville Covenant. Lost to them by one early in district. Our only district loss so far.
glad she followed me:)
Happy Friday everyone! Enjoy your weekend.
I'm playin bball with him now he didn't get arrested.
Haha, no doubt. I'm enjoying this duck meltdown. RT let's ride a duck
wherever she went I hope she doesn't come back
What's a good restaurant in #Vegas with a great cheese platter?! This chick needs to get her wine & cheese on!
tomorrow is my lay day at the gregg!
SEXUALITY & SPIRITUALITY BELONG COMPLETELY TOGETHER....can't stand folks that try to separate the 2....lol..
4 words: Chardonnay Apricot Iced Tea
Study some history #Santorum. Sanctions start wars!!!
It's ALL settled... the birth certificate thing AND the woodchucking. Similar in importance, don't you think?
The Right is WRONG!!!
agreed from outside the Boston area
Glenda- I love your Mom's story!!!! She's such a good story teller!! I'll pray she'll find her angel!!
Tomorrow night - Busters BBQ in Lakeway, TX - solo acoustic show @ 7pm!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when I'm frantically looking for my phone....that's in my hand....
The conference went well, everyone wants us to do more for small businesses at Talkbiznow.com
Love the Mac & Cheese & the grilled fig & cheese sandwich.
#wheniwasacrab my class made history n the Marching 101 went to the Honda B.O.T.B
Pantera was a perfect choice for the sound track to a frustrating commute.
........a team of talented assassins with one objective.....
You're a hero to nature
Having way too much fun with my new Wrangler. I'm a truck guy now, how did that happen?
Higher Education has to embrace the Internet, and all of it's new technologies, such as Facebook, MySpace, and Twitter.
Being outside at this time >
i <3 games!
Well we see we still have the same officials.
rofl is that jamba juice?
I was okay for a short little moment.. then the needles came backk, this time not poking, but stabbing.
And welcome to TVITTER!
Never been this pumped to have homework. I'm that much closer to getting the job!!
and about to talk about no budget, low tech, high impact ARGs at #LSCON it's going to be a good one!
bsu's don't get that close haha
Great question. I'll ask around.
I Love My Life!!!
lets practice all week!
I don't think I will ever underestimate the very human need for love and acceptance.
HOBO FEST ! There were hobos everywhere 😨
there are litteraly 15 more tweets every 2 seconds when you are following 365 people
I have the worst ADD ever. I just keep dancing in my chair instead of writing this cover letter.
. Love to come on weekly. I enjoy this show. It has some fun to it which is up my alley
What a restless night I had. Smh
at Fox but of course will be back toward glenwood by the end of the night.
I think it is kinda good. Try different brands and flavors
no texas dates?
Talking about boobs
You know, these HR hitters, once they develop a swing its tough to alter, but not to BUNT to help the team is in-excusable
roller rink in the city? Of course. That is a northwestern Ohio staple!
Searching for things to eat in my house lol
Has anyone received their mandated pony yet?
the time has come for my dreams to be heard.
u little bro hope you're being realy sexy and playing hockey sexy
Merry Xmas eve everyone :) Esp my love . Xmas is complete because of him <3
I mention that our print culture textbook has a chapter on Harry Potter. Two students high-five over the head of a student who facepalms.
SAY IT ONE MORE TIME!
The Bad Girls of EyeCandy Fashions has just stepped in the building!!#kisses*%
90% of my friends got better looking... Thanks instagram
haha that's rough...sorry to hear that...
Rft“ LA, you are OKC's bitch until further notice.”
George harrisons voice makes my heart melt <3 tehe
The best is yet to come,
What has two wings and a halo? A Japanese phone. Wing, Wing! HALO? You know I love the asian race but I had too lol.
it is! I hate it haha
Have you watched Ken Burns documentary on Jazz.It's a great start. Amazing!
Happy things are cleared up. (in my kyra voice) Because i'll jump up to 6'2 I fight all sizes lol.
nothing but professionalism! haha
I will be watching on tv. Good luck tonight. Hope it's as good as last night #neverdisappoint :)
Wonder if I'll win an award!
It's lunchtime, it's getting hot out there & we r only few people away from the first 50 RT 2 get those followers & u may get free ice cream
Let's go home and draw the curtains.
i hate not being able to watch Sport Center. i feel funky if i do not watch it like 4 times a day
Is there more power in David Wright's pinky than the Phillies' lineup?
2 exams today...then 1 exam from the depths of hell left
couldn't make you stay...
hopefully there will soon be those guys who are perfect nice sweat and more
The smell of my handsoap reminds me of summer
GA Gwinnett College has a 90% pass rate of organic chemistry.
Come by our page at 8 tonight to hear a song off of our new EP!
Example #287 why I'd be an awesome house wife: Cleaned my apartment in my favorite heels, just because. ;)
I hear ya girl 
I drank that kool aid a long time ago. Lol.
Cool newsletter! Thanks for the SO :)
this new twitters sick!
State of physical, mental & emotional is def of health, says 's Gary Oxman. Healthy Connected City promotes health & equity.
Gotta get rid of at least half or more of the Twitts & FB peeps I got now or I am following. I am an addicted clicker sometimes!! LOL
Recording Sam Flow... And can't front my dude dope!!
New twitter is the worst. I can't figure out where anything is... how do I just look at who mentioned me?!?!
A bit better, but still shitty tho. :/ I almost threw up at school today, while taking the test. And you?:)
have someone else take a bite and see what happens
As a mom of a nearly 3 and nearly 1 year old, I feel like I have ADD, tell me I'm not alone.
Went and saw Breaking Dawn. #lovedit it was everything and more . #nobadmoments #breakingdawn ! Kellan Lutz made it even better though. :)
Agreed on all accounts. Wanna see just how many he can score by the time he calls it a career.
Revisiting drummer Ralph Peterson's "Outer Reaches" This gig has some ripping guitar by Dave Fiuczynski and Pat Bianchi cooks on the B3.Nice
Just ordered my first and really excited to start snacking healthy! I think you would like this too!
Women Say Dudes B"ALL UP N DEY INBOX/THIRSTY Well 4 The Record *MOST OF U "FUNKY PU$$Y" B*tches "THIRSTY" 2 =>My D*ck Can Quench Ur THIRST
Gulf Coast Jewish Family Services, Inc in Clearwater, FL is searching for a CFO
I think hockey is one of the best sports ever! People who don't appreciate it, is missing out!
Chispa is proud to announce that we are #socialmedia partners for the Women’s International Holistic Conference July 13th!...
Corey Hart's on a tear. Keep it going in Houston!
lol ok that's 2 awake!
Thank you, so do you think its possible?
Shit. Gotta get to school soon. X| I hope we play dodge ball in gym!
Hard to get motivated today! Gotta lot to do after a long weekend.
Colts' McAfee, Pacers' Hibbert ranked high in social media influence - Indianapolis Star
I seem to not see it on twitter and I wanna see tomorrow that you sent it to her with you telling her and what her response..
there is a reason to fight for us. ive been fighting for a while now and i cant fight for us unless you fight too
Today is the 2nd and last day of the Remodelers Home Tour. Check out the tour for some ideas for your perfect home renovations! 1-5pm today!
#loverboi Iloveyou; I wrote it with no spaces so there's no room for anyone else.
on simple maybe but I'll still win a couple but that NORMAL you ain't win not one time witcha lying ass lol
Thank you for stopping by last night- it was an honor having you at our bar.
Isn't that the opposite of a million dollar question? :)
Get all the hoes
me too:P
I'm with you on that luv!
Stay away from conversation that doesn't edify your life or your walk with Christ!
is that sailors jerrys any good
Were you at the Library Spring Book Festival last week? Great time!
Life is an adventure if u smoke weed, pop Xanax, and drink Jack Daniels everyday
Glad to hear it, man. Thanks. I'm pretty excited, too.
good afternoon.. i feel like sheeeiiitttt
Congressman Paul Ryan is endorsing Mitt Romney. He confirmed it this morning on Fox News
hopefully see you sometime soon in Miami. feel free to hit me up anytime you're in town
Last minute road trip to #la tomo! #redeye though.
Not hating on beiber but his single for mothers day has nothing on Kanye's Hey Mama
Poor little car! Does it have food and water?
Gypsy Death Star is kicking off the event!
Jesus, that lady looks like something that just fell off a ristra.
At least I can pay it online.. that makes things easier.
Strong explosion in Bogota, Colombia kills three, including a fmr. govt. official
tinyurl.com/3glrw9e - 21st-century or early 20th-century on the Left Coast? Who are you gonna call?
Make any decision with your heart and mind & you'll be fine.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
tired but cant fall asleep. I hate nights like this. Especially when Monday is the morning I gotta wake up too...
Just got back from a reunion of friends from grade school. Amazed at how all of our lives have turned out.
She got you PW! PUSSY WHOOPED
we would make it so worth your while. We can pay you in rich experiences.
that happened to me and my friends!! the people at McDonalds just do not know how to have fun hahaha
Gm stylist,braiders, makeup, educators, braiders, business owners and more follow hair show in Miami vendors space available
Who has been your favorite Idol of all times in 11 seasons?
One of the names in an example on my Spanish test today was Alejandro. I've had Lady Gaga stuck in my head ever since.
Do it both of you!
no offense Betsy
Oh sweet nothin
At work the usual routine day in and day out 364 days untill I get married. Wow!!!
just now watching this week's epi. Love it! You are AMAZING! xo
What in the world is the point of a hamburger flavored hot dog
“: I love u takes 3 seconds to say,, 3 hours to explain but a lifetime to prove #spreadlove”
Congrats! RT : Cougars win! 5-3 over the Kernels in Cedar Rapids! Aaron Brooks gets the win. Malcolm Culver the save.
"If a woman asks you a question, it's better to tell her the truth, chances are she's asking you because she already knows the answer."
Fuck what you heard, fuck the bitch you heard it from, fuck what you think, and fuck what you saw, and recognize what the fuck you see hoe.
OMG, Counting Crows is playing at The Roseland tonight and we're not going?! UGH.
85? Is there an age limit to public drunkenness?
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
I'm aight, just coolin. Waiting for this semester to be over.
Yeah, well, dirty and lowdown for train station fuzak, at least. And thanks.
OH WOW!
Oh you know.. Just watching a new
Can you dig, game is sittin' next to Obedience School app on #iTunes!
Go Derby queen! What name did you pick?
Good Morning :)
Congrats Scooter!!!!
Some females are TOO much.
Thanks to all of our followers of GunMitt and especially to our 1,000th
walking around with my jug of tea sober
i want you to #followme if you're a #cute #guy. :D lmfaoo.
Thank you so much!
Maybe napping in your office isnt so bad...Power nap of 20 min equal to 5 to 6 hours sleep says w. greenwald
Yo I miss Sprite Remix
Got a PUStache? The truth about PUS in pasteurized milk: via
That it 'tis. Hope you're well. Chris
yes they will
Skipping "iPhone 5" would just make people think Apple can't count past 4.
God manning everyone!!!
I wonder if thr ayatollahs will recognize this achievement publicly
don't tempt me... its getting a lil cold in Cali now! x
You know my day was busy when I have yet to tweet.
Taped my mouth shut (:
Hey Joey--a few months later, and I'm happy to say we are back at Zack Morris Cell Phone! Hope you can swing by!
I just didn't realize it was that serious ladies will come if they see you do good work but guys know i'm icey and stool won't try
Twenty wouldn't be enough to cover Walker's crimes against Wisconsin.
#NSA2010 Attendees last chance to lock in special discount offer for your MiniBük/CardBük. Call David at 800.900.2499 by Friday 8/20.
Just transferred funds to Rescuers in Belarus.
Im sorry Mermaid fans I haven't been on Ive been busy getting my book out there
TODAY was so much better than last night.
RT : oh you're alive huh? <-alive, well and ticking!
Really awkward moment on ESPN a few minutes ago. Looked like someone was drunk...
RIP Jason Lilly... You will be badly missed
Did NOT get up & run right away this morning, now it's pretty hot inland. Driving down by the lake to run instead..because I can.
Friend says: "my twitter feed is simply Sara Rab, ezra Klein, and Matt Iglesias.' wow!!
lol walk him
my cuteness
I hate my wife but this bar still makes me glad I'm married. Just kidding, BAR.
Give 'em hell devils! Sorry for the bad pun.
Absolutely! Thank you.
Dozer the Dog - such a sweet story from :) Perfect way to start my Thursday event.
Its a coffee thing lol
Twitter, let's say I want to hire a maid service for a one-time cleaning of my house. Roughly how much does that sort of thing cost?
Seminar to Bridge Gaps Between Medical Information and Insurance Underwriting
Not a big chocolate person. I like Reeces' and ice cream but that's about it.
IM STARTED TO SEE PPL FOR WHO THEY REALLY R
I'm the sweetest bitch you'll ever meet.
What Speech were you listening to? You are confused.
#celticschat I came back from taking care of a tent. We had a lead when I left, and now we lost it. :'( Can't lose hope. Lets go C's :D
Lexington is a ZOO.
HOW MUCH FOR A FEATURE? DM ME.
Yo much love for the retweet bro
Mark Sanchez is very creative at being terrible.
I wished we lived closer to David 😔
how about you ask me a question first!!!!!!!! lol!! XD
All organic and my parents loved it. This is a first.
it won't let me DM because it says you arent following us. It also said we weren't following you either but I thought we were.
Last call for answers to out Poll - Whats the last professional sporting event you attended? NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL?
Come to our shows on April 30th, May 14th, May 27th, or June 4th! All near Chi-Town!
You should be the spokeswoman for that place!
We want to do a show about dating tips. We just need to set up phone lines so you can call in and give them to us.
Send me a set of your #cobras with #orange grips they are tight
Drama on my tl
Love the pictures!
gurr you looked good makin them tacos. #Rica :)
Thanks for the follow , Following you back ;)
RT Votes against same sex marriage ensure gays cannot marry and raise a new generation of compassionate, tolerant Americans!
what was the top tax rate it was 91% in 1957
Goodnight twitter! Wish you guys coulda seen me as a pirate and to those who did...don't lie you know i was sexy (;
Wake up, eat. Lay down, sleep. Repeat.
Numeric Defamation. Follow back!
Long diaaa got some foul news but its whatever I put the team on my back do!
You know, Deadliest Warrior used to be on MTV. Only then, it was called "Celebrity Deathmatch."
I've lost five pounds. :)
Thanks for following Revolver Underground! It's much appreciated! Holla! EROCK
Do you really Ben truly?
hilarious! Pulling another all-nighter for budget talks? Would love an update for kare11 sunrise!
If my lakers beat okc there taking it all bet
lol dawg u no ive always been a busy person
Spending lunch hour watching kids perfect their backhands better than usual yogurt-at-desk scenario, even as my laptop melts in the heat.
Sweet! It has been added to my calendar! Where will the wedding be? Outside?
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "did you cum inside me?"..."do you really love me?"... "how many women U been with?"
I love the fact that my best friend just so happens to be my only biological sibling, my sister.
The lack of scrambled is a major flaw. Basic, yes, but iconic.
Chillin watchin the game between NY vs. Miami
i automatically think someone has naked pics on there phone when they have a app that hides stuff lol idk why??
I can't make this one, but have seen them a number of times, although not since their 69LS release. They're fantastic live!
Still waiting? Today is your day. Get a copy of Better Way Min's new 30 Day Devotional "Your Best Day Today," at www.Rshamar.com
No, my blog has not died. I'm going to go back to one a week. Promise.
yeah more like "shutup Ian. Put your phone away. Get back on the mound so I can make you hate everything
Draft draft draft!!!!! So excited, #whodey!!! :)
on Jon and his baby. "I don't think he really likes her"
neither I was joking those r two of my bff's
Lilac feat after this game...weather feels good
aha chill..!
Low Key I Wanna Say It's Kobe's For That Dumb Ass Turnover -.- They Could've Won!
It's weird to think that I was in Europe a month ago..time really does fly. I miss it :/
I'm spending my evening steaming veggies like a hippie.
Thank you. Gastro thinks its related to her EoE. We have an appt w/ him next week. We'll see what he says.
This is false. Don't be fooled,
Ants can survive a 50 story high fall, but couldn't survive the bottom of my foot. Fun fact of the day.
Don't give up beer for Lent! Come in and enjoy our beer battered fish dinner! And don't miss our Friday fish frys!
I'm an editor at and have a question for you. Could you DM or email me when you have a sec?
I got my ray banns on and I'm feelin hella cool tonite. Cheers to the freakin weekend
I have to be up so early and its already 115 am 😒 Guess its time for bed 💤
Getting ready for #sharktank show. Best show of the week.
under the current circumstances, isn't a Toews "bobblehead night" kinda inappropriate?
Right??? Right there with the Liberty Lunch!
My Daily Mindful Message : To practice healthy cooking you should think outside of the box. Substitute healthy ingredients!
Minor victory today: acquired a carrel with both a window with a view of Deering and with a power outlet.
Love You To Baby Girl Lol(:
Love. Love. Love. Love is all you need... Happy Valentine's Day!
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck. -Anthony Robbins
2 radiation treatments done. 28 to go. Can not wait to be D O N E
#tedxusc is reminding me how much I like science.
he is a hateful wretch
I wish I was going to the #Masters. Perhaps one day.
“: Daily prayer:: Lord please guide my feet into happiness, health, success & blessings -Psalm 37:23” 😃
Getting in the gym tonight...should be interesting
Romney is going to be the nominee. You're just in denial.
FROM WHENCE DOES THE PASSION ARISE??
The largest 99 Cents Only Store! RT Friday's question: What are we more famous for? LACMA or the mammoth in the Tar Pits?
i like this pic a lot<333
"The frontiers of a book are never clear-cut: ... it is a node within a network." Foucault - Archeology of Knowledge (via John Walsh)
When you want something..il do the same -____- !
I honestly don't like you at all! Stop talking to me!
bored on a friday woww hate being groundedd
It's so hot in Boston. No amount of ice cold drinks can keep me cool.
Gotdamnit my laptop screen took shit & my work cell phone been broke 4 almost 3 wks just great! sign I need a break from bein so connected?
Congrats to Bob Neumann, who is transferring out to KHMX (Mix 96.5)/Houston as PD! More details in RAMP's Breaking News e-mail.
And I will totally take you up on that!
Oh, thank you! RT A bit new to Twitter, will check our your site! Good luck!
harish is from Telangana? nice to know..
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable. Fran Lebowitz
Goodbye JaVa... wait, JAVALE MCGEE IS IN THE PLAYOFFS!!!
only you could do something like that
my tooth hurts!! :(
yea. You rosa and me would take turns driving. Lol.
. thanks for noticing this error- our engineer is working on it and it will be up shortly. Cheers, Jill
Busy weekend ahead!! Creativity explosion!!!
Optimistic NC is having Romney beat Gingrich by a large margin too. Not sure why that makes me feel good.
follow please
Duncan introduces "iron triangle": Quality, Access, and Cost. Focus on Productivity and Accountability are essential.
what about Nexus fans that can't get the HSPA+ version or even the LTE one you should reward us by releasing it
Soo Lil Wayne gave the song "how to love" to sounds pretty god <3
with incredible variability of skill/caring attitude of home health aides sent to help my Mom, a good process outcome can't happen
we stand on guard for the!
Wide awake
why is age magazine reporting that Yauch was 48?
is he funny? I like funny guys 😉 And if he sings, He'll have me at hello
You forgot #BrianGoddard!
hey netflix...either refund my money, or activate my service. your can't have it both ways.
Congratulations to and his newly named #Prius, Gizzy!!!
Hey guise.
Sitting in Phillips Arena watching all the UNC purest lose 10 yrs off their ...life Go FSU......LOK
do you have a show tonight? You should hit up Dosh's DJ set at the 930 Club afterwards.
hey sharon, sorry to hear you're having the same issue. Shoot me an email, I will call you tomorrow.
I was reading about the MLK memorial a while back, but I had forgotten about it. Thanks for the reminder and suggestion!
When did they make a Honey 2??????
Christmas this year was a good Christmas Eve. Shot I can't wait until new years eve
I already follow ! I saw him at teen hoot. :) I love him!
Police Chief confirms officer involved shooting. But Chief refuses any other info and walked out of the room. Claims details now coming @ 4.
MT : Walker says he saved taxpayers $1 bill. I believe him. With no jobs, ppl lose homes, so no income or property tax.
just got mickey D's #SUPERBOWL SUNDAY! :D
hahahah what kind? :D
Thanks for all you do in connecting Massachusetts to services!
"You can't get to a place that you don't believe exists."
Also, I wanted to catch up on #smash tonight but I need Christian Borle to stay in my head as Black Stache a bit longer.
Just about the perfect day for #momsday :)
I'm a proud American & lover of Israel, 2 nations where ppl can experience freedom, of speech, religion, etc
i guess I been gone too long lol
The fact that the year they started was that Gulf spill, and announcers had to awkwardly brand BP every game was kind of funny
MANTRA #8: CONTRARY TO POPULAR BELIEFS - BEGGARS DO NEED TO BE CHOOSEY
I absolutely love the first Transformers!! It's the best one! And, I love Good Luck Charlie too! Who's your fave character?
2nd most used proper noun behind pikachu.
We give all Twitter fans 10% all services for NotifyAll & Contact Wireless, cell phones/accessories/repairs. Just tell them I sent you.
oh no i love you..
And sugar is a vitamin!
Wow so hype is crazy down under too?
Sorry, "deluded" - Shit! That really stole from the whole brevity thing...
good thing i don't have to watch this thing any more.
no im just bringing clothes 4 now since im stayin with rush.but best believe wen me n naty get our place u n him helpin lol
FRERET STREET FESTIVAL - Come rock a killa Sat afternoon with us TODAY at 4:45pm on the Ochsner/Dat Dog Stage!
Had two customers when in and check us out. Definitely owners from other dispensary...hahha
Wardrobe walk throughs for tomorrow night. Rolling on the floor laughing
"Walk on out there and give it a squirt!" has me laughing so hard right now. Oh and shots fired. Is this real??!
Um I love Tressa Brown. In case everyone didn't already know.
In The Heat Of The Night > Miami Heat
Phil-"No Blindside was the black tight end." Alex-"Offensive Line." Phil's response: 'Oh sorry African American"...
Did the Charles E. Cooper Studios inspire the hit TV show Mad Men? Looking for insight!
Love this movie. Minimalist dialogue. A homage to the mountain men that explored this country in search of peace and solitude.
Nice. I'll add that to the list.
Its cool guys nobody should answeer me
It's the first fall Friday. This calls for something pumpkin inspired @ #happyhour. #isit5yet #ROC?
Don't put words into my mouth
Hope you get better <3 You inspire me and you never stop working hard. Love you sweetheart.
Sometimes I think itd be so peaceful to be the last person on the planet... Like I am legend but without all the zombie things.
I'm in for lunch just tell me where to meet.
he brought the bubbles that we left in the truck back to me by the way..
u must visit best bike city in America (we don't run you over & don't stop when it snows!)
": Kerbey's pancakes are on point!" Tis true, try the lemon poppyseed.
": #Libras are very easy to get along with."
I've tried lots of ingredients in brownies, but never cabernet... can't say I really taste the wine, but it's still a great brownie.
Because we have no bottled water, the dudes wife said "this is the 3rd day without human consumption water." Then she said "what the F*ck"?
Thanks for sharing our coupon with your followers ! Have you tried our cereal before?
There's so much to know about diabetics....
oh, way to think outside the box!
ewwww 😝 hope it works and you feel better soon
Addict is wanting a pot every now and then RT : Would having a Keurig make me a coffee addict? I just want a cup every now and then.
Who's passing her permit test today me 😊
Glucomannen, Cha De Bugre and Caralluma combined in one all natural weight mgt. supplement. If you want to avoid the Holiday weight...
14-0 Green Bay. All those stupid penalties by the Lions could cost them this game.
TIGHTEN UP
yeah bounced up off the ground and hit her in the ass. Don't worry I didn't hit it that hard
“: Lol, thinks I'm a disgusting barn animal 😁😜” u wipe ur hands on the sofa & ur tshirt use a napkin!!
you're overreacting.
Why is it so much easier to wake up when you get 3 hours of sleep than when you get like 10...
Jeeze! What's in Arkansas?
for real a must win
awesome dress!!!
When girls don't text you back <<<<<
#Top100Lies I didn't know u cared
At #wcdet. Come say hi.
New obsession =
I had phone miss functions lol
2nd cup of coffee, and yet I still feel like punching a small child. Staying away from people today
Thank you!
Just watched This Means War. Pretty good movie. You have the action for the guys, romance for the girls, and comedy for everyone!
I downloaded the 2nd one yesterday.
Liars these days.
Looking fwd to visiting Paddy's Pub tonight..#paddy's
Uugh. That person who makes every sentence sound like a question.
HAHA PXY JR, he's not a fucking Burger King burger! What supps?
List of people food my cat likes: avocados, challah bread, Tostitos Hint of Lime Tortilla Chips.
Egyptian blogger "Street movement in Egypt has lost a lot of its enthusiasm."
Hi Adam, Thanks so much for your email! I'm speaking to undergrads tonight and I think your story will be inspirational.
What kind of deal are you looking for this fine Tuesday morning? Food? Home? Auto?
cant wait til sunday:) :)
I love you Madonna
thanks you too <3
yeah, i read all those... it was war in on that board a few weeks back... still no new mod, weird.
Precisely. If that process involves the simplification of structures, it's just evolution not devolution.
Those folks in 1912 were hip as hell then!
Do they even sell Maysonet shirts at the stadium? Will they tomorrow? :)
DA WORST FEELING EVER IS BEING IN LOVE BY YOURSELF
Glad you enjoyed!
OMG how u know??!!
Guess that is for you, with no author named, hm.
If it's Thursday, it must be
follow me please. ive been trying to get you to notice me for two yearss!
yo hit me up i wanna get a photoshoot done for you
..... Consider theme of invention and innovation. Let them choose hobbies...skis, guitars, cameras.
On the bus to New York! & Two weeks until Prom!!!
Are we merely robots? Offspring of biology and socialization, only different due to some mutation, recombination, beating and teaching?
I'm sick and tired of not seeing him play. He's one of the best on the reserves. He needs a chance.
Going for my brother's bachelor party. Don't think there will be anything going on that morning.
Zach!(: Did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
One more time, quit lying to the American public.
my bed smells like we were at a party or somethin last night
They call it Stormy Monday, but Tuesday's just as bad: Yesterday's database problems are finally coming to a close. Phew.
Yep. Now if only they'd deliver saki, too. But this is Texas. Alcohol by delivery makes baby jesus cry, apparently.
I thought for sure you were talking about the Asian here.
Bit.ly bounced the link as spam, so send me an email on it and I'll read it when I get home tonight...
Oops, my mistake :-) Still sounds like a nice drink.
Students post hundreds images of state tests on social networks | 89.3 KPCC...
The 2nd Annual Cocktails for Courage to benefit The Captain Kyle R. Van De Giesen Memorial Award Fund is Friday. Contact me for info.
I don't even know if I should wear jeans or shorts today. Sigh.
Congratulations to the #VCURAMS! Any chance we can borrow for our youth basketball leagues soon?
When I was in high school 6:30 was sleeping in, now 8:00 is to early. I've gotten spoiled.
Yes! Let's gather up some interested folks to have a wrap-up session, perhaps tomorrow evening?
Yes, yes I would. It sounds like an awesome festival. I am going to go some time for sure!
Thanks 4 following, u r nice. Already following :)
legitfitclothing(at)gmail.com
The best things in life aren't things at all!
yeah well do you think $80 for a can there and back is money well spent? Not to mention the cost of the ticket
I understand AND share the same affliction.
Atlanta author Kathryn Stockett has sold more than five million copies of her book "The Help," which has been adapted into a movie out...
at 24k- i day left before suite200 opens! living up the last few days of glory
Thank you, Brian.
Happy Thanksgiving Day to all #AustinTexas and
My 9 year old is the only child in America with no video game system. Hate seeing him sad, but still seems like the right thing to do.
Tonight bring ur azz over to #clubempire... and myself holdin it down all night!!!
Who else is going too be at Siclovia?
Won part of the volleyball game yay!!!!!!!
That was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now, if we could just get Len to give him that 10 we'd be in business!
In #Memphis for the Country Cares Radio Seminar, who's here?
Defense defense defense killing the #crew again.
marketing... I think it should be more than just one dept though to give a wider appeal
Another reason to be excited about BFC? Still getting awesome local fresh sustainable produce even if you sleep thru the farmers market!
I know, interesting.. maybe the trend is that Social media is becoming it's own department..
you two are the typical bike advertisement!
you bet :)
Look forward to it. I just think that if u run an off tackle play that the defense knows is coming, execution won't matter.
Mine will be one of the first novels written largely on the qwerty keyboard of #iPodtouch, using #quickofficeconnect /
Anyone going to Flex in Phoenix tonight?
makes sense. Most nfl players are assholes. is the exact opposite though
Looks interesting! RT : Marketing in the Round: How to Develop an Integrated Marketing Campaign in the Digital Era (Que...
baby I hope our kids are like that c':
I dont need to know you'll be there
why don't we get those here? wouldn't that make us big time?
Thanks for the follow!
When people are mad at you and you dont know what you did <<<<<<.
can the Saints resind the franchise tag in Drew Brees to make a run at or sign Peyton Manning?
no breakfast for me today .
oh my god this is awesome. Special moment happening in milwaukee this weekend. Pure amazing pure joy. Cheers
thanks for his long and continued support of our organization and our mission! We appreciate everything!
"Everyday is Saturday night, but I can't wait, for Sunday morning"-K-os Love that hook!
in bed before work
Thanks for all of the awesome RTs!
Def no expansion plans right now with other construction starting. Free tix for at least bball I think is a good idea tho
": How did Pam feel on Sunday?? She got here Derby on early!" She felt...poorly
lol heck yeah!
Mille grazie! I wonder if Giant Eagle carries it?
Success Is Wealth So What Are You Waiting For
actually I think women & men of all shapes can be appealing IF they have a good heart. Just not the look I prefer for myself =)
Is it too early to stick a fork in the #Mets? An ugly game, but the "fun" may just be starting.
I haz similar blanket but with starz on it.
you should make another Fashion video those are awesome :)
Did you need them in Spanish or English?
wow if that's really her then she should be ashamed of herself...glad bozo and his wife r gone
An FBAR is a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts. The form number is TD F 90-22.1 Due in the hands of IRS by June 30th.
the kind of flawless i wish i could be.
#Insights201 Did you mod your Android phone?
Ohh looks fab in that red dress! #TheVoice SO dramatic! Love it!
it's thursday, which means i'm officially allowed to get excited about celebrating my bff 's birthday this weekend! <3
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
I am actually rather late to the Trujillo party, but am all on board now!
"Avg person can only focus 48 seconds" keep them paying attn w/ FBI, Feature, Benefit, Involvement
Bill has the same chance of winning that a one legged man in an ass kicking contest does.
It's International Jazz Day! Learn a fact about a jazz musician, song, or style. Share it and tag it #JazzDay &
I finished reading 'Mud, Sweat and Tears' by . Inspiring, I have even more respect for you now! Best wishes for you and family.
What did they say?
Already knew #Chopped was a moronic show w/laughable judging, but they reached a new low eliminating Guas for no starch. Is this 1954?
One has to wonder if it was an error. Certainly a good viral marketing opportunity!
Thank u so much pastor! It was a high honor for me. Thanks for your trust.
ah...the endorphin rush when something you've been trying to figure out finally works (very similar to the effect of Deep Tissue Massage)
kings need to win tonight..
You own my heart, he's just renting.
yep.. it'll happen one day. i miss you btw!
hey baby I miss you:)
cannot wait T!!!!
Big Ten goes 2-0 in BCS games plus wins over #12 LSU and #15 Miami..think the Big 10 bashing is over?
Trying to figure it out. sister-in-law uses it, showed me how to use this weekend. still learning though.
Awesome ! Thanks ill email you back soon !
lol you just walked away couldn't say hi or anything was too happy about your win
I kind of want to play Ogre Battle 64 again for some reason. Don't know why. Must be that time of the month
can you forward it? I love her work. And my day is tediously bereft of nipples. Mathieuyoung(at)gmail
no problem!
observation #1. everybody on the bus is speaking chinese. every. body. even the ones who don't look asian.
Interested in #Cubs tickets? Come in and sign a lease with us to be entered in a drawing to win!
Ar Radio City! Fluffy!!!
Intriguing! Where does funding come from, then?
In the United States, illegal immigration refers to the act of foreign nationals violating American immigration policies and laws.
Bumpin some usher. Where you at
If you're in church this morning, can you fill in this blank: I'm here because _______.
thanks Fred!!!!!
I totally agree with u on ur tweet about JB... I don't think Selena's a whore, the fact is her bday is coming up, is it bye JB
me im starving
I hate snow...
I guess that could be remotely funny.
Bring it back, bring it back.
you contributed to the breaking of Bryan's brain. Bad student, bad!
Welcome Kelly Hedrick - our new CSR at the Avon location!
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing getting offended by the things I say.
Starting Phase 1 of the annual Spring home repair and fix up.
Idk what's good for you?
COCO LOUNGE GON BE CRAZY TONIGHT!! GET THERE EARLY!!! READY TO INTO CRUNK/DRUNK MODE!!!!
Im such a lonely directioner! I'm sitting outside on my porch watching a video on how to speak with a British accent! Lol-Kelly
Looks fun, but dizzying!
Very good question and cannot be just anyone (at least for good curation)
The last time politics and religion were mixed, people were burned at the stake
Tornado warning. Entire hitch science building must gather in the first floor. I'm officially in Nashville.
Really spicy food with extremely hot drinks is the best combination ever.
Philippe Lacoue-Labarthe's, "Typography: Mimesis, Philosophy, Politics" set in Comic Sans
I'm playing smoothie shopping jams at Nordstrom today until 5, come through.
It is so beautiful here. Hope that you are having a great day, friends!
That's pretty random.
Absolutely! Why do the RWNJs cry 1st Amend when they haven't a clue what it means? Anti-education much?
X FACTOR!!!
I been missing a lot of :( ima have to buy the 2nd session when it drops.
aw miss ya too buddy
Merry Christmas, everyone! And if you're opening a gift of one of our shirts this morning, we hope you love it.
Colorful tracks and colorful braids been played out!! EX. Pink,green,bright yellow, all Lat! <
best invention of fashion is the skully
Awesome..and I'm an old gal !~~
I'm doing well. Just preparing to have a great day...Do some summer planning as well.
#turnon when girls call me babe (; .... Alexa... Hahah
Muffins trump clean underpants every day of the week. :)
"she loves me, she loves me not"
RT : 26 days to the beginning of Winthrop University's 125th Academic Year!!!
we gave you some more space :) Were you having problems with people seeing you were online?
It's happening now Art Center!!!! Annual Pumpkin party!!! Super ready!!!
I got 99 cookies cuz a bitch ate one
It's painfully obvious Hogan & Bischoff could care less about TNA
i'm going to give up my dreams of those shoes because i would literally never wear them i know this about myself
Two of my favorite people! Yay! We need to meet up. Please and thank you.
Well mediocre for most is pretty damn awesome for most brewers.
Wow! Seeing cirque de soleil next time I'm in #vegas #oscars. I can stand on my hands like that (major lie!)
Flakey people are irritating.
thanks Melissa. I had so much fun with you and the crew. I almost forgot we were working.
It's "Miller Time"! Go #buckeyes !!
OMG WOULD tweet that! Lmaaao :'D
Super violent hit on Hakeem Nicks.
am I allowed to put my twitter on there?? :) taking the pic now sorry it took so long hope it's not too late
ok i feel that hahahaahah
Great blog. We all own our power of choice and the ability to create change in our lives by exercising it.
I think I can get used to not working on Wednesdays or Thursday mornings.
bad campaign slogan: RT : Welcome to Longview, here's your complementary race riot
I hope the Talking Liberal Heads are happy now that they have cost the democrats the Presidency and Congress.
If we accept electronics in the recording and playback process (audio reproduction), then why not in live performance? (via )
RT : Who knew that Olivia Newton-John is of German Jewish descent, & granddaughter of Nobel laureate physicist Max Born?
Thanks for the RT. Would love to tell you more about our program.
What, from home?
Hello everyone, we've given ourselves a facelift and switched to the new Timeline layout for Facebook! We hope you like it!
Just another rainy day went the movies & saw hop it was better than I thought I would be over the break.
Get your Versa Spa session in before #NewYears !!
Good luck today! Just picture yourself in your new place with a bottle of wine if you start to get stressed.
Tonight SALMON in Herb Sauce yummy...Join me now: www.TheRoomLive.com
It's easy to say no hard feelings when you're talking to a robot
Can't believe I went to Homestead for that shit -.-
I hate when people on T.V. shows say "I'm broken…" Really? Come on now
It's a relief to know that I'm stalking someone I actually know in real life. It would be weird if I were stalking a stranger.
I think this is like my third Twitter account. My ADD always sets in, I get bored, then delete. Let's see how I fare this time. :/
stop what?
#yougottabekiddingif you think #Obama will be re-elected
please follow me :)) i love you !!! <3
Whew! Finally out of the top of the third. Cards add 4, #Brewers down 5-2. Weeks, Gomez and Braun due up.
I'm new to draw something... anybody wanna play? Jacobhennen
I know I don't RT : Good point: SM is 24/7. Do you stop engaging when you leave at 5 (in theory)?
Happy St Totteringham's Day
another full day in the studio, plus my intern is here today! Time to get busy planning the next Chroma Studios show! Coming up in May! :)
no idea.. I just got all your messages.
Will do. If things go right, I might be explaining GoodRelations by fall. RT make sure and mention rdfa ;-)
many #gmic peeps talking about online registration & event websites,etc.if you are interested in talking more, visit me
Woe to the bomb squad officers. :(
Who invented WHITE chocolate, and why?
can I just say 's solo @ the beginning of "Celebrity" takes me to my happy dirty place every time! thanks for the Pookee ;-)
I feel like I can officially say that I know all of my lines, blocking, and music.
Brainstorm is my most welcomed kind of storm! Nice to meet everyone!
I was wrong about Carmelo Anthony. Thought he was selfish, and he's not. Pretty bad-ass player who can, at his best, carry a team.
Brendon Haywood and half the Charlotte Bobcats give him a run for his money.
RT : Wisdom is having things right in your life and knowing why. - William Edgar Stafford
I think it's funny how everyone cheering for McGee but we all know that he's fucking trash
Is it lunch time yet? I'm hungry.
You don't have to be at home to enjoy milk and cookies. Come try our chocolate chunk cookies and a bottle of milk. M
Facial, massage, make over, shopping, dinner... NiCe!!! :)
*Update - We will post the winner in the AM on Thursday not 9PM tonight. Cutoff to be eligible is 8PM CST tonight sharp! Good luck! NDF
Tweeked back golfing. Really hurt it trying to kick a field goal in the yard in sandals for the 6yo. Plant foot slipped. Charlie Browned it
When rcting eyetracker participants, have you ever attempted MailMerge? Or did you only recruit internally? MailMerge ROCKS!
My Yogi® Teabag today: "Love what is ahead by loving what has come before." Ah, yes. The Siren Song of Hollywood!
Gaga looks like she is having a seizure while dancing, she does minimum movements. Let's not be delusional here.
How much do you spend recording your songs?
Congratulations on the opportunity in September! That's terrific.
just had a mild - severe laugh attack
Amen to that
How my dog cries when i don't tuck her in bed. Shes too cute. 🐶💤
Car accident: Sept. 7, 2011. Excruciating back pain: today.
My grandmom in PA got rushed to the hospital hope every thing is okay...
Fish tacos & Margaritas are the way to go
LaMarcus says this injury is not the same or as serious as the left hip injury he had in college.
My customers are my entertainment but don't kno it I wish I could instagram all of them
Text RACE to 21947 to enter to win 2 tix to NASCAR Nationwide Series w/K-LOVE Car #81 Blake Koch & tailgate w/Newsboys in Indy! Msg rts apl
Willis Whitney: Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Last English comp class of week this morning. No one had topics on Wed, but all had one or 2 ideas to write on an index card today. Good!
Thanks, Laura!
I will post a pic of Tanuki tomorrow. He is a mix of a corgi with Boston terrier.
Thanks for recommending me!
Work of Art SHOULD have been a winning idea. But the challenges (& the resultant artists' work) are mediocre, lame.
i was listening to zack huckabee today, you know what that means
competitor Akira Back of Yellowtail Restaurant will be one of our distinguished speakers.
I tossed & turned... The 20 minutes of sleep I did get involved 2 exes, nudie pics online, my car breaking down & being late for work. >_<
And some hail.
Saw last night! I auditioned for 1 of Katniss' stylists, Portia. The casting was spot on. It was visually rad. Great movie.
Save the Date! Join us for a panel discussion of the revised tenure/promotion guidelines at 10AM on March 29, 2011 in the Student Center.
People take these baby shower games way too seriously.
I was day dreaming then I dosed off
I feel lost at the moment lol can't explain it.
RT : The "birds eye" camera views are absolutely nauseating. Don't fix what's not broken
"Don't take your mom for granite" <--- Jesus Wept.
Y do girls have that one fat unattractive friend. Not being mean, it's true
good night !
oh u on that kinky shit? U probably got handcuffs n a sex swing huh?
John, I tweeted this 15 minutes ago. NWS HAS ISSUED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR CENTRAL EDDY COUNTY UNTIL 8:15 PM.
Thanks for "Artefacts and Errors." So helpful.
has leading corporations using their beta product including IBM & Intel
Up to Clearwater for the day. You're bad weather.
Watching Romeo and Juliet in english... deff about to cry.. WHY LEONARDO DICAPRIO!!!! 💔
Everytime I actually want to have a little fun, you have to ruin it for me.
Happy Release day, , for "Bared To You!” ;)
Long as weekend :(
Celebrities and kids talk about what they learned from failing! On this Sunday 9pm EST on our NEW SHOW
Dont get it twisted gays. Obama says its his PERSONAL OPINION that gays should marry. NOT that hes doing a thing to make it happen. Big Diff
Gotta do what I gotta do to get where I wanna be!
did you have some meaningful convos over those business cards?
hehe yeah....most of the time my views would cause arguments so best to just keep them to myself on social media :)
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. ~Albert Einstein
Avocado popcycle are apparently delicious!
Changed my name to I_LuvTylerPosey (:
Key word SOME. Not all us thirstys
Looking forward to the weekend to say the least
Nosey ass people ..
Lmfao Luke Walton.
Preach it, #23!
November is my birthday month, so I'm going to three Badgers football games and at least two Badgers basketball games.
I might be going away that weekend so I don't know yet! lol! hope so
i don't know what's worse this or if you actually got that haircut..
#BlackParentsQuotes I want my damn fried chicken !
peanut butter captain crunch comin in the clutch
The smallest woman can break the biggest man in the world with three little words: Is it in?
YouTube is one of the most dangerous ways to procrastinate, you can be on there for hours!!
Wisconsin is on the come back!!! #gobadgers #beatiowa!!
Awesome event this morning remembering 9/11 firefighters lost in memorial stair climb with the #nbcsandiego crew. Rescue crews =
Whoa. Okay.
Much appreciation to El Paso! Dare I say best city in the US!!! Thanks for the follow
First day of practice was legit. c:
Happy hour tweet?
#17 I have to go back to school tomorrow from Spring Break :/
It's a group of antique dealers (1 is a good friend) 'Girlfriends of Greenwood.' They ask for canned goods for food bank.
Where I can find it?
In the Venice spot w working on a big pop boy band song...its all good vibrations today in sunny Venice!
RT : A10: we need to know what we want & why & understand what is important to the person we want respect from
I saw this weekend. An amazing film! Go see it!
what session?
RT : I'm doing a Sparkling Wine dinner at Fox & Obel Tonight. Sold out, woohoo. Cab Franc/Durello/Pinot Noir/Riesling
cold in Seattle. Winter won't end :(
It's been way to long.
I need to stop having dreams with famous people in them! Lol!
The only use I got out of my english book so far this year is killing spiders. Just killed another one.
I want a Jacuzzi so bad.
6 days left and NCCD's new website is here! It'll be a whole new way to see a social justice research organization!
soo wer are the people here ^^
that's good to hear! i can't wait :D
Thanks for the RT!
I'm good ...that was ridiculous - can't imagine how Haiti and chile and Japan felt
We don't have the capacity to float a new bond measure without raising the tax rate
Yes please!
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're not Austin Mahone so..
Yes, but they are mostly a continuation of Bush's policies. RT Obama’s policies have disproportionately affected [Latinos]
Captital Hilton DC security guard told us (3 friends talking) to quiet down because of noise complaint. At 10 pm. On a Friday night. wtf
Mark Ruffalo to play the Hulk in at least 6 more movies!?!?!? Am I the only one who thinks that's a high number.
I'm not really the safest driver. But I am a good driver lol if that makes any sense. And yur welcome
2 new tennis courts opened today at 61st and Broadway Park. Go and check them out!
Yay! The last of my bike shipments is scheduled to arrive today! I should have it up and running in the next couple of days! (pics to come)
Also, im moving mid-May. There will be a trip to Ikea shortly after, and there is one in Atlanta. :D
sakura sounds delicious right now.
that feeling of ambition >>>
Reach for the moon. If you fall short at least It's in your moments of decision you'll be among the stars. -Anthony Robbins
Gotta roll wit da G-Unit based off stats. Nuff said...
Q1 I think you have to be an institution with researchers who create the datasets, otherwise not quite as relevant
think it would appeal to my people?
Damn shorty let me down again time to replace her!
Im gonna be doing the oujia board tonight!
RT : Look behind the curtain! See why window treatments increase the value of your home. Tips from
Too many #sewing projects to count! My sewing space is beginning to look like Area 51 with all the UFOs laying around!
ARE PERFORMING IN SALINA, KS ON 3/14/12 THE CATCH ME IF YOU CAN TOUR!
with a tequila chaser lol ": I want some TEQUILA!!!"
some good & some misleading points in the article - GApps & OL/Exchange are each good in different situations
1st pick NFL week 4 - Bengals/Brown 37 pts. #TakeTheOver Bengals come out of offensive funk and put up big numbers
I see you're into working with nonprofits. If you have time to volunteer to help with our social media, I'd like to talk with you.
Happy St George's Day to anyone who knows & cares :)
on a day where Peyton Manning leaves the Colts...
One half of the court can say Clippers and the other side can say Lakers. NFL Style.
O boy. Arizona takes a 1 to 0 lead.
Cracks me up when I see liars, cheaters, &immature boys tweet abt being honest, faithful, or mature. Homie, that ain't u &we ALL know it.
sign up that contestant! half court shot!
Teachers at Cedar Creek are having a meeting over Rebecca Hubbard and how they can help. This may be a tragedy, but it brings us together.
just fine
Great to hear!
Site, I meant site. gah. Oh, that sounds cute! Husbob is thinking of merchandising. I've set up on Cafe Press but wondered.
parsed differently, we're mentoring each other better outside of grad programs. Should that be grafted back?
I love the weekend! Nothing is better than getting to see smiling kids play and families have fun together! (via )
Why do I wear white?! Two meals, two stains... grrrrrr
SHOT ME OUT OF THE SKY...YOUR MY KRYPTONITE.
using sliderocket to create a presentation.. they have really cool features..
Can't watch American idol or survivor tonight cause our satellite dish is broke :(
#WorldVision at #wiw11 Women In The World conference listening to Barbara Walters interview Chile's 1st female president re empowering women
Congrats to "The Artist"- I love that movie!
Oops, fixing the typo! Thanks for pointing that out!
General Electric Stomps the Gas in Electric Car Push
You can have Yisi's entire room. Just bring your sheets and pillow.
Good E21 gathering 4 pass the torch conference. Proud of , Jonas, Juanita, Melissa and Rebekkah look forward to future!
For sure. Are you going?
the 100th stage is for me :)
Thank you Jonathan! I like your collection a lot!
Cause without you things get hazy
Tonight is the last night we are open! Thanks for a great year!
#thingsbabymamassay Imma thousand percent sure he the daddy Maury
i could really go for some frozen yogurt right now
It's been so cloudy in Chicago the last two days. Hoping for sunny weather tomorrow for a fantastic view from the top of Willis Tower.
I hope i win ! (: If not its okay (: B/c Just seeing you guys on TV is Alot To me . ILy < 3
seems like everyone involved is a egotistical D bag who thinks there better. Honestly I'm surprised u replied back
Watching Big Daddy with Adam Sandler , love this movie !
Psycho baby daddies
Damn if #drake was to sign with
Congrats to for being our 500th follower! They won a gift certificate to our restaurant Brasserie Margaux!
We are we using for all our Social Media it was fast & easy to get started she is getting off on the right foot
the magic comes first
Hey folks. I just woke up. What day is it? Seriously! The last thing I remember I was chasing a leprechaun down Kirkwood...
county this morning #letsrockthis :)
Fuck bitches get 
