wow. message received.
#NowPlaying "And Me" by the Beastie Boys - RIP MCA
As mayor I will fix the city schools and I will do so within my first term.
Thank U! RT : #Volunteering + #Vegetables + #Seattle = Goodness > Contact volunteers needed for
staying weird. About to hit milanos vit doppelgänger. new phone and no #s--tweet or text me.
good one. am happy about a baby step today. you'll see
It's not for reals :P
who did that? Plz tell me it was a joke.
My honor!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. Frank Loyd Wright
Stone creek, slippers and my own couch :)
#kidlitchat I wish plot were easy for me. I know what I want the story to be. I write myself in circles with too much extra
Red sox game with some cuties! :)
being a teenager means that you're too young to do half of the things you want to do, and too old for the other half.
Thank u :)
Washington Ave is like a freak show right now.
I'm not sure yet but will let you know if I confirm anything!
Thanks for the link. We'll check that out.
Two reasonably convincing LinkedIn phishing emails in my inbox today. I will miss you, gullible former colleagues.
why aren't you texting me back
We're jamming to 90s hits in the office. Favorite song of the 90s? Go.
Running out of paper??? Shop your local collegiate bookstore and pick up some CHOOSEY CHICKS paper supples!! Great choices. BE CHOOSEY!
good girl for taking it. It will make you smarter than you already are. ;-)
TRENT IS GOING TO GET A SWIFT KICK TO THE TIT
What is
your hair looks fabulous girl.. That and well the rest of the photo! Haha
lol UK darlin... That's what happened. “: What happend with the Hilltoppers?”
This eye glass world= false advertisement !
He he. I just said the opposite as I got my coffee: "YES! Sunny!" (We UCI-folk like to rub it in.)
Rooftop filming in production now. Commercial should air by end of month and hope to get a preview video to share. More details to follow
Tomorrow's sessions is gonna be FIRE!
hey boo
thanks for the follow!
The Best team won. All is right.
anyone sitting section 4 in chicago????
Rewatching BVS aka Buffy The Vampire Slayer,"Oh how I miss the show!"
Haters will say what they want, but their hate will never stop you from chasing your dream.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It all depends on how you treat her.
What about MoCity? RT : Dang, it flooded so bad in Sugarland!
A Friday booking: One Funky Chicken role to Miss Lindsay Rose on "Southland". Lindsay is on FIRE!!!
hey..wanted to thank u for the tweets while I was on hiatus!! you are a doll!
Man I am bummed about Whitney Houston passing.
Love that my Spanish class has an online component with audio and video examples.
#ifitwasuptome everything in life would be free!
Lots of great talk about PD. Have you checked out your local #edcamp?
the latest seesmic android update is fantastic. it got a ui overall, and has increased usability
M, can't wait!
We had a winner in the Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest: Neil won $80 for singing "Tracy" by the cufflinks at Vintage.
RT : Someone needs you to lift them up this day. Go find them.
At the end of 2. GC is up 2-1. SPP is looking to battle back as the 3rd period approaches!
God , you had to make me obsessed with something else. :) is freggin' amazing. They need to come to KANSAS now!
Thanks for the retweet :D Hope you are doing well and reading comics, we are picking up new ones today.
Good night sweet prince. And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. xx
You will be greatly missed Tom. Our thoughts and Prayers go out to your family and friends.
Tired.... Goodnight! :) Sweet dreams, everyone.
Dream of dancing like Fred Astaire or Ginger Rogers?TAP ON TAP 7pm every Tues ! $10 for begin tap class + a beer(liquid courage)
Since moving out of the parents house I have an appreciation for cleaning products. Their inventors deserve more credit in history books.
PeArlFecKt10 whoop whoop! Get it girl!
Cinco de Mayo! that calls for a m'f party (;
yes. They would like storyboarding/design as well as more advanced captivate training.
GREAT MATCH GUYS!
Thanks for the follow back (:
Everyone should be reading Part 4 of Robert Caro's Years of Lyndon Johnson right now. Or at the very least pretending to.
100% agree. and frustrated with how often this idea pops up.
I'm watching 's special on #Syria. I've already been absorbed by this story, after this, I'm clearly obsessed.
wuts good playboy..did you end up going out west or down south?
Wish ikud go bak an do it all over again.
Blazing the stage at May Day Tmrw with and S/O
It's not about video games, says panelist. It's about the principals embedded in games.
BRING IT ON MISSISSIPPI. BRING. IT. ON.
Thanks - same to you!
Kinder Aggugini Designs Costumes For The English National Ballet When people think of Ballet dancers and the costumes they wear, they ima
not sure about the whole squirrel brains thing, but glitter is awesome...
better late than never - thanks for the #ff shout out!
candles, soup, movies, and blankets.
Watching cruel intentions. Best movie to get all horny to haha.
has anyone seen Apollo 18? Is the film worth watching ?
Happy Birthday Austin!!!(: I hope you had a great day!! <3
My mom is just now replying to my message. Lol she's crazy.
Just kiding bout my grades they all and up. Just checked .
Im now a big fan of the Cali-Belgique....bomb!
Thanks, We dig your site - a great resource for teachers!
K I followed you. ; )
Our world just turned upside down
#milwaukee Working hard on this new moulding catalog. The anticipation is huge to get this done!! It's a lot of work!, hope it pays off
You can type apostrophe by swiping upwards from the comma key. Give it a shot!
didn't go anywhere, do anything fun or do chores today. But in good news, worked on a writing project, spent no $, & watched hrs of
Story unfolds with repeated reminiscences by the admiral of his life with his wife Olivia and of her "American Amaranth" AMERICAN AMARANTH
my life
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
The Film Commission hung out with #Stan Lee of Marvel at Comic-Con! Check out the pictures on Facebook.
Summary of the Oscar nominations: nostalgia is in.
Yay, expedited IRB approval for two new summer projects!
#nms30 updated and ready to go
it means you have no 3G service at the time making YouTube twitter pandora and all other great things impossible!
I love that one! Very Georgia O'Keefe.
Bruins/Caps game 7 OT, are u havin a Hat attack?!!
From Wine Spectator's blog by James Molesworth: "I figured I'd start in Sauternes, which makes my favorite wines in Bordeaux." Seriously?
Wondering when facebook stories make the front of metro how slow a news day it really is.
- If ur in SD fri nite, we'd luv 2 c u Shoot To Cure event @ Chargers Park. 6pm. DM ur RSVP if u can make it.
Ok following RT : Everyone needs to go #follow --- ;--- Gain 30 new followers from To his 100,000 Followers
Just don't die!
Funnier still to get a twitter update about that on my phone while still on graves.
I spend money like I got it swear
It's ok , a true #Mahomie would understand :) <3
As Taj, my defense would be: I was trying to fire up the Sixers offense for the good of the NBA. RT : Oh, goodbye Taj.
for how long are you staying in miami? & come to the A town! lol ATL!
go pens
You BETTER HURRY !
Bro: grandma why dont you buy yourself guns? Grandma: I got three .. Lol shes being serious
Thanks for the RTs today guys. Probably should've stopped working hours ago to clock in under 40 ;) Hope all is well!
At the guage/cap'n jazz show and its the best thing evaaar
n*ggas shot at me and missed, boo know the lord blessed em
Skydiver says HARO will always remain free. He asked me to say that.
After 3- Friendship Girls lead Chavez 28-24 in Washington Charter School League Championship Game.
Need to give a shout out to #9 #25, every once in a while I need to share the wealth
Feels silly, but knowing booze is my number one weight nemesis, factoring the cals on my cocktails is helping.
Fuck I'm such a pussy.
#BrewersTuesdayTrivia Norichika Akoi wears #7 the number worn by Jake Taylor in Major League.
I need some netflix before I crash.
I think me and on a trak would be one ill ass joint.
Thanks for the great share! I'm excited about this!
Crazy hair dont care
Signs policy job is taking over life: Boss asked me about "RG3" today and, for a second, I thought he was talking about a new regulation.
aye have u spoke to my sister in the last 18hrs?
How thankful would you be then!
on the blog same link as yesterday
We only like stuff that you make for libraries. Because you're nice. :)
You're a faggot. There. RT : #SomeoneIWantToMeet i wanna meet myself. i wanna see how i am through other people's eyes.
Hi Christine! I miss you already, I wish you could come to the superbowl party lol
nothign to work with
Stanton's is enjoy a little music in the store. A small trio, Cellist, Oboist & Violinist are here playing Christmas carols today.
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words... Ah!
#follow me then
I had their tofu edamame nuggets for lunch! Yum
Heat it up TONIGHT w/ & at HEAT! The biggest 18+ party on Cinco de MaYOLO! Arriba!
SLIT YOUR WRIST AND JUMP OFF A BRIDGE. GET OFF MY NUTS.
We received proofs of our author pictures! We're lookin' good! We hope to post some soon so you can help us decide which to use!
Wat Phone Should I Get Tho ?
you can order online.
#LiesIveToldMyParents he's just my friend :)
Overheard: I'm a nun right now. Until further notice.
yea I guess that would have been a serious downside 😔
My new alias is Bill Changer
you mean head-for-head bracket, right?
RT Just reported a police trap on I- 77 S, Stone Creek, using Waze - Drive Social
We are looking 4 the NEXT Rapper, Singer, Comedian to be on TAAP! Send video link to
Thank you to everyone that attended the #GPPCMA meeting today and to our sponsor
Great first visit to Any place that has #arduino for sale in their vending machine is A-OK :) Thx for the tour, Matt!
just can't get excited about the NBA..
cannot resist! RT : omg do NOT try the California Whopper at Burger King. Barf-o-rama.
god was definitely looking over me last night
i love zendaya. you hate her? cool ill hate her when all theirs no longer a sunday.
There is no way in fuck that I just passed that exam...do not pass go...do not increase your starting salary
hey can you email me the contact to the person that put that event together?
Bengals showing no fear. Throwing at Joseph as well. Hopefully he can capitalize on a mistake.
Think I can haggle down the price of Fbooks stock with Zuck? Cmon man help a fellow MOT out, U on twitter? I know ur sis is
Mountain biking and enjoying this amazing weather! Bringing along some #paleo snacks.
Aw, you #blocked me. :( I guess the truth hurts... The thing is Danny, I follow u 4 a reason. When ur not whining ur ok
good choice.
on cause marketing- if u buy from socially resp co's, u cn change the world
Halloween plans? Do you Trick or Treat? Go to a parties or not partake?
It's Monday Monday hate waking up on Monday
Stop the bullying... CHOOSE TO BE NICE!!!!!
So I ran into a kinkster I had met on NYE at Acme Bread this morning, wearing the new shirt.
I'm no Christian...I AM No Thing
it weights 130 grams
Hockey, for when you want to see white people good at sports
UD as in University of Delaware. Not sure if that's more or less interesting than Dayton.
RT: #ItSeemsLike the more I want something, the further away it is.
no one's keeping their eye onthe big electricity picture, perhaps including the FERC
So...trying on jeans at store and random guy says they look "hot" on me...should I be nervous? :)
#sljsummit10 Andres Henriquez: e-readers primarily targeted to motivated readers; challenge for ALL students to engage and learn
3000th tweet goes to :)
if locations an issue...I don't mind moving. But Saturdays really the only day I have left.
ok so my page tells me i've got stuff posted to my timeline but i can't find it. lmao am i blind or something.
The whole DD team is pioneering to today at 3. Excited to see what this place has to offer.
I tried to download the app but it says the code has expired
It still amazes me on how business is handled over text these days.
And/or more dull. Just sayin, art history always makes me think about the "willy nilly" professor. Remember ?
Kun Aguero NEEDS TO PASS THAT F'''KING BALL!!
ya I suck i too. That fucker can play some shortstop
#Webslam rules! So hard to make choices when everything these kids made is great!
You're welcome! Who did them?! :D
The dedication ceremony for the International Connections Lounge in the Union is TODAY at 2:30pm! Hope to see you there!
My idols are people that inspire me.
Today, in honor of Earth Day, I am completely indifferent to the human race.
I'm not bad for 193lbs.
Take time to become Solutions Oriented, Make everything you lend your time and energy to, about finding solutions and improving your life!
Xerox CEO: "we have talent deficit in US. We either import talent or export activities to where talent is"
I guess it a good thing :)
Pilar, thank you for the retweet, amazing report, Mark
Using an absolutely amazing tool to uncover really great niches, then paring these up with domain names.
...did my mom really just say puff puff pass?
- Yes, I want my change. I don't care if it is only pennies and you have to get a key to reopen the cash drawer.
you guys sounded great yesterday! Thanks for coming out to support the cause!
Smoke so much loud I now need a hearing aid.
I want Matri to play today.
Talks with my daddy >>>
EVRY 1 go follow ,, and They're EPICLLY AWESUm :))) p.s oh and follow me too;D
These lawyer fees are totally cutting into my "hooker/booze" budget.
#NowWatching #BloombergWest and waiting for #TechStars to come on :]
RT : Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action. Jim Rohn
Can anyone recommend a good book on the history of soil taxonomy? Want an excuse to use the phrase "Albeluvic tonguing" in conversation
“: ": already following u":-) needn n wannin to book for my 22nd bday” dm me and we can get sum started
Last nite I felt the LOVE.Truly nothing like it EVER. Thank you Everyone who was there and who wanted to be there. I felt you all.
New quote to live by in jam packed curriculum...need to know v. nice to know.
dammit! You busted me again, lol! I try to ignore my other me's but sometimes I can't help it ;)
thank you very much. Wanted to send it to some folks.
New song on #TheVoice! Heck yes!
Having sex to Cake >
Need a nutrition plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
's Digital Libraries class in the lab today! - hope there's lots of ?s...
Thanks for the recommendation!
Thanks again for the write-up Emily!
Jumping on Stephen The Levite 's bandwagon. Going back and taking a look at his entire cataloge.
their loss mane
Don't worry no make up or slime will be involved
omg yess that u are very super correct!!
it's like 6 FPS on my Samsung Galaxy S, but I do love the game! :D
who what??
How to Purchase Calutide Online Without Prescription, Nilandron ...
Yes, the issue should be corrected.
Follow us on twitter someone will win a #free four hour limo ride (must be in south florida)
I love how people will like spill out there hearts on the YouTube Comments Section
#Economy Watch: Profits are decelerating, employment is accelerating. Profits = leading indicator, employment = lagging.
One of my neighbors threw some of their tree clippings in my yard... Spent the weekend cleaning it up and taking it to the dump.
all yoga should be rewarded with beer IMO
I just won a chill-out anywhere hammock in the clambake raffle! Wow I should not be so excited about this...CT late PM
#iloveaboy whose name is :) -Melanie
thoughts? : ESPN's Adam Schefter on #Seahawks: "They loved Wilson going into draft. Felt like they had get him."
it just came to me o;
ok u right but it makes the point
The elbow satin stretch gloves that Beyonce and dancers are wearing are available at www.lacrasiagloves.com Beyonce you are so talented.
RT : My first UCEA Values & Leadership Conference. Great research.
Support Epilepsy awareness research and acceptance! Wear purple or a purple ribbon March 26th, start a conversation, educate.
Please a shout out would make my birthday! I'm turning 15! x
I hate when its too hot outside,ugly weather.
Awww. You got my hopes up and everything. smh
pre rape warning. He's a gentleman.
Wheels up to atlanta, then dc...
Rhymecal exclusive: new music video "Last word" prod. by , check it out at www.rhymecal.com
That moment when you wake up and can't go back to sleep :/
I hate being woken up by a text message... EVEN WHEN MY PHONE IS ON VIBRATE... -.-"
thanks for the confirmation! :)
Melanie Kehoss: technology in art can be hidden, or can be overt.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 2: “Begin fast. Start with an attention-getting statement.”
Eat n' Park.
drooling outside the prada and louis v stores at fashion square, sorry gotta fix my fuel pump fixed!
can you do a year lease starting in may? If you'd like email with your requirements!
yea! U already know lol
Note to Self: Life is not static. Static is boring.
I had a long conversation with she schooled me on England's education system. Thanks for dropping some knowledge on me!
Hope u get some sand in ur soul today
o alright my fault beautiful
Another night with some side missions, but at the end it was worth it :)
Irony: O's get 6 in the second inning against a pitcher he so desperately wanted. Yet, that was when he was still electric and a Marlin.
So happy we finally got some nice weather!
"What do you believe is true that almost nobody agrees with you on?"
Spring Commencement Ceremony tickets on sale now at the PSU Box Office!
Success is falling down nine times and getting back up ten. Awesome.
Made it back from middle of nowhere TX! Off to get the kids & celebrate Friday. Oh and please stop the damn rain b4 garage sale!
Despite the tragic loss last night, was off the hook! Kings fans rock!!
- Thank you prwoman1.
get to st. Louis today foo.
cornerstone content: these are topics your blog is about. the end.
Thank god it's Friday. TGIF. 
Do all NFL teams have an official chiropractor or is it just the hippies of San Francisco?
When designing an LMS site for F2F: Consistency, communication, structure. Good usability principles in general.
Ugh Meryl. She's shopping at Sears, just admit it
: I don't recommend Psalm 76:4 as a compliment: "Radiant you are, and renowned for the mountains of booty."
JESUS ERREY. STALKING POOR LANDESKOG TOO.
Well, yeah, okay. I hope he knows I could kill myself tonight. That's why I made twitter in the first place.
Wait my mom left for jazz fest....
I didn't realize it was available now! Just bought it and love it.
Ha Night (:
Crazy right? haha well then youll be in college
follow limit :(
but staying positive about a situation can easily become staying naive. the best thing i could ever have done was moved on and here i am
yeaa its true am proud too, am not even watching sytycd, am just following the tweets :)
hell yea!
. loses a good'n today: catch you on the flip side, ("The flip side" is what we now call )
That can't be real, can it?
Thank YOU
Caps is a drinking game where you throw beer caps into glasses for drinks. Easy game, unless you're
Thanks for the retweet. Our ED is in LA this morning sharing about the opportunity in the hopes of receiving many LA apps.
Niggas follow dumb shit like they're lemmings!
well count ur blessings 20x over cuz sallie mae got my ass!
ha and why is that
Albert Pujols has more HRs than Blake Griffin has testicles.
Today I HAVE to feel better. Going to Safari Park tomorrow with a group and I really want to enjoy it.
we somehow breed great bands here in MN. NFL team leaves something to be desired though ;)
Oh I did. Tried putting in 5 different addresses. It only took yours.
Hey Summer, thanks for the follow and hope all is well with you. By what I've seen on facebook, it's pretty good!
WE ARE HAVING LUNCH END OF STORY
thanks for telling your friends to check us out!
Don't let anything Tear you down... Just do what you do best and be JUSTIN <3 u
M...who wanna go see #Think like a man
So I had quite a bit of breakfast in the last couple days...
I have a legit beard right now.
The weater in Cali has been so beautiful this weekend! I'm about to hit up my second BBQ!
i love the life i live. and i love the people in my life
. president Jerry Campbell just hooded Sharon Watson Fluker with an honorary doctorate!
We need new recliners here, too. The ones we have are comfy but old. We enjoy having our feet up when we watch TV, hehehe ;)
need Saturday
Angels long to look at what we get to know. 1 Peter 1:12.
Dos Equis Special Lager.....Bottles just $2 right now. Live Music starts at 9 with the talented
Want a website that truly represents YOU and Your Personality or the Personality of Your Business? Go CUSTOM! ...We can help! ;)
you got to the bottom of the taco truck cover-up, didn't you????
I have a craft already, but what other fun things can we do at a library mother's day party? am also feed them muffins&juice.
sweet, little-sis-in-law. Shelley will represent.
Perception. "We need to get the word out that there are jobs available. That we are getting things right." -, ME Dept of
Never noticed thats alot of tweets
feeling fat from Jerry's Deli Pastrami and eggs!
He said he like it tho
I threw up in my mouth a little when I read it on msn.com however EvilDead2 the musical? Really? Come on Sam.....
good year for Sconnie sports !
Makes sense. No idea this offseason. I hope something changes. Not happy with defense in playoffs, Stall could be a #1 elsewhere
#nowplaying Where Have you Been - Rihanna.
Signs of a toxic work environment 1: leadership never asks employees for input regardless of the issue or problem.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. -Carl Bard
Who wants to enjoy my mothers day present with me tomorrow?
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
Returning to the WIP for some early morning writing.
Like I don't have enough anxiety in my life! *deepbreaths* *deepbreaths* DD is safe. *exhale*.
I think he better watch his back or go into hiding! People Im sure in FL are livid! IJS....
#AJFever it's about time man! Lol!! Jk!!! (: Good morning!!
Good analogy RT: Trying to get over the regret of bad planning is like trying to swat a gnat with a tennis racket.
awhhhh I'm so sorry!!:/ I wish u could go sweetie
I LOVE dreaming of Kate
and Riverside County,Palm Springs and TJ too.
wait, where's the sun?
Thx! Yes, the stories are for real. I started the blog cuz I needed to get them outa me. Let's discuss:
I love how some of my old friends from college add me on #facebook & say "wow. Youve lost weight and got hot."
Thanks for Bacteria RT ;)
cute profile pic leify, what's going on these days?
Hello everyone! Have a great day!!!!
hope you're feeling ok!
~Whats everyone up to today??
: my world has been rocked!! Can't wait for next Saturday
mercury is supposed to go direct today (April 4). It's about time!
Pool next door is open :(
i think we all remember where we were when we first realized paul simon was in simon and garfunkel
We have begun!!
Can you take me to the Superbowl with you? We can wear matching vintage Payton jerseys and laugh at Rex Ryan's facial expressions.
We're shooint $700 cinematic music videos with storylines this month. for details.
Who's coming out tonight to see and friends! opening at 8PM!
Scrunched my hair today :o
Hey Amanda, I was sorry that we missed you at Jim Meskimen's show. I wanted to thank you for all of your help. See ya soon
Models have been all over the place, right? Dripping like a snow cone here. Merry X-mas Eve!
Lots of useful links & reports about knowledge management from over the past 24 hrs.
the bottom line now maybe BUY American for USA companies can hire workers and people will buy stuff
Bring it Lance!
Just off the phone from meeting New, cool Milw Craft Beer Tasting event same day as our Gathering Waters - 6/12
what does this even mean?? MT “: As interns, it would be nice if we got our own interns.
Hey thanks for following!
God has a plan :)
Yahoo! Welcome to the world of back channel communication!
Sometimes I get a good feeling
you look like one of my cousin???? ASAP
LeBron James; the first 3x MVP without a ring.
it's finally nice outside & I wanted to work on my moms car today but she's not home. when does the one direction contest end?
Amazing day with amazing kids. Praying about what God is doing here. Tomorrow we are visiting a hill tribe - should be very different.
RT Looking for a WordPress plugin to pull in Twitter mentions -- anyone have a recommendation?
Which soccer game? There's a bunch on tv right now.
Hm....interesting
Lol tell me bout it im really living that
Response to CEOs: at increased focus on science technology engineering and math in schools, decreased regulations
Thanks for the follow! All you people looking to buy homes should check this out!
Does anyone have a time machine?
1988 I caught an AtlanticCity comic.Tom Dreesen strained us, "I'm the ex-partner" of the great Tim Reid. They just wrote a book together!
Hey, Danny O'Donoghue...sup? ;)
Nothin' really. :) Just on here. you?
But enough with my bullshit self pity. It could always be worse.... I could be Herman Cain! LoL
Count my fuckin money backwards its faster..
Go Brewers!!!
r u girls in the hight desert
Need a portable battery source. Check out the awesome Vagabond Mini Lithium by Paul Buff. Works with Profoto 600W monolites.
Someone should be talking 
Good Morning. Don't forget you can get 25% off your entire purchase at www.beadforlifestore.org during the month of #August. Happy
#ICSC #NEIDEX Great job on social media panel. Garrison Proulx & Fleming did a great job outlining the opportunities for CRE.
Fact: Acne can be hereditary. If your parents had acne, you may be more prone to it. Did you tweep's know that?
I found the touts in Morocco to be the most annoying of any place we went - including India and Vietnam.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt express approval by tapping a spoon on the table. Clapping of hands will not be tolerated.
=UPDATE= We are still open today. Just in case you couldn't make it during the week, come in with your books & get cash! Still 10AM-10PM
Okay, maybe I should re-scope this method. I'm halfway through level 1 (15,000 700x500 pixel images) after 15 minutes and 2 gigs
RETWEET this if u want more followers [follow me i follow back]
Romans 8:28 - it's a lifeline isn't it? Saw Soul Surfer yesterday - an example of that very verse.
WHere have you been? OK, where have I been? Regardless, I miss you anyway. XOXO
mines & it still won't do it!
Reverend Bell collected no financial gain from his invention, never obtaining a patent, believing it should benefit all mankind.
G men need to go '88 Tyson on them RT : The Pack are off the canvas!! Bobbing and weaving!!!
That's backwards RT comeback is going to be "well, we're college sports, not pro sports... so the consumer isn't goal
Great service tonight! They have faith in something powerless, so let the power of your faith steer them!
(': i bet you arnt... i bet you are beautiful
WTF, GEORGIA HAS SOME NASTY LOOKING BUGS, THIS BUG LOOKS LIKE IT HAS A TAIL AND BUGS DO NOT CARRY THAT TRAIT -_-
TSA Agent called me sweetie...
After 18 College football players died form their injuries in 1905, President Teddy Roosevelt stepped in and saved the game from itself.
Keep it classy
yes sir. I can toss you a code to get a discount on shipping since it'll cost more if you're serious about buying
I'm a fan of the Tim Splitter duo ...should be used more
So according to my phone my text message memory is full even though I deleted everything. So don't text me because I won't receive it.
“: A'dia Mathies had 24 points and seven rebounds, while Snowden added 17. UK overcame a 14-point deficit in the victory.”
I wish I was there! I'm home on maternity leave with baby Clara. Have a great time.
No tours tonight, so I'm cookin some Schweinhaxe. Yum Yum Yum. Also drinking beer.
I feel like he isnt going to make me a drink anymore
I'll see you soon then!
That's about your worst picture ever! You'd have to be drunk for a worse one!
Followed !! :D
its more than love its the truth
Opened my 05 nebbiolo from to pour with dinner. #winegasm thank you for making beautiful wine, & happy mothers day!
“Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been."
I didn't know steak burned!
June is the new July. Thursday is the new Friday. 1 pm is the new 5:00.
Starting to fill up session times. Lots of recording to be done this summer!
Liam, why are you so god damn ADORABLE?
": NO, YOU'RE A MUGGLE." EL OH EL! That's mean
just saying you need to see whats good. Just don't get shot. Cats in FL are trippin right now
"Don't wait until everything is just right. There will always be challenges, obstacles. So what. Get started now..." —Mark Victor Hansen
Like the pic, Sigi! Have fun!
THAT BITCH HAD THE BIGGEST KOOL AID SMILE I'VE NEVER SEEN WHAT THE FUCK ........
Follow me today as the Discovery shuttle flies over the District. I'll be tweeting from National Airport.
You are such a loser,you have a better chance winning in a fake sport rather than an MMA belt you jackass!
30 minutes until I leave for New Orleans. Holy crap, I'm getting pumped!!!
sending love your way. Hope everything's OK
As long as ALA continues with the circle jerking, the profession will stagnate.
Is this OTH's last season?
You know your jeans are tight enough when they bruise your legs ...
i only sent that pic to u & him so its especially for him;)
'you can never waste time in God's word.' -Beth Moore
if I call u bro or family u mean the world to me...I love all you guys that I call friends...and everyone else too...everyone in my life....
got that #GCF going on (:
Came back to the Bronx, bought callaloo cooked it with salt fish needless to say it didn't taste the same..disappointed
Enjoyed chatting with Carolyn Gilb () at 's WOW presentations. Great having her support for our digital marketing efforts.
Aw totally agree--I'm so blessed by your friendship! And I've got that list of "To Dos" around San Diego somewhere... :)
Done with my mock congress speech! Now I just have to get my theater arts critique done by last period tomorrow!
No i am not your friend! I never was!
Excited to hear and Rana Kay from speak tonight!
I live in midtown and hate 2nd Saturday. Think I'll escape to my bros in Folsom tonight.
What's the biggest obstacle to getting healthier? The belief that you can't do it.
that's crazy. #CAPRICA is our favorite band too. WHAT
When Pandora plays music I already love, I'm happy to hear it, creeped out at its prescience + disappointed not to get novelty.
way too kind. *blushing* RT : . looks gorgeous in my article! She'll draw readers in :)
As Predicted; GOP lapdog Herman Cain again vomiting his master's idiotic talking points over MSM in futile attempt for relevance.
wow, look how green and lush your grass is already!
Wonderful resource fair this evening, hosted by Friends of Children in Fayette Co, thank you for having us!
Looking for Adam Lambert's hot kinky AMA video? Check out www.triskelionsociety.com, we have it....for now.
Officials report Teagan Marti has been upgraded to fair condition after falling 100 feet to the ground on a WI Dells free-fall ride.
Bored, got a couple new show pics go comment them will return. =)
Apparently everyone in Utah thinks I have an accent.
BradleyAustinConnor Buy Now Bulk Plaster Gauze- 4 Inches x 270- plaster gauze
"I wasn't that drunk", "Dude, you stood in my toilet and tried to flush yourself to the Ministry of Magic"
RT : he had 14 seconds to create a shot but settled for a contested 33 footer <== he just hit FOUR of em!!
hey. um wanna click my follow button? you would make me super happy. :D
no hack...its a virus on the phone...
take good notes. You'll want to pass down these traditions to your own grand kids someday
#ListOfTurnOns sweet, funny, caring, is himself and doesn't let a girl change what he wants in his future.
verse on Same Damn Time >>>>>>
15 min left of this lunch break
I need some pliers to pull my tooth out
honestly, The only power other people have over u, is the power u give them..!
You jerks. Fine. The triple-feature will have to do.
cause of what all your saying
RT : Mitt just got a pass for saying he would fire someone. That's how much it's going his way tonight.
as soon as we get a contract with another hotel, we'll let you know! Should be very soon.
I'm Blessed and Highly favored... and Now late for Sunday School. lol. GBU ttyl
The Silk Tie likes James! If Donald had you sell ties, whats the first thing you would do?
- - have a great night everyone! I hope tomorrow is amazing. :)
florida with one of my best friends, or the sport i worked forever for.. i HATE when my mom does this.
Uh oh. I'm rethinking my position on this. If PJ agrees with me, I might be on the wrong side of this one. ;-)
hey ladies gd morning
S/O to my new followers she's pretty!
Thanks for following....you're awesome!
and I can't fault a coach for protecting his program.
Thanks Doug for the kind words and for printing "It's Either Now or Never" with us!
After a 15x3mins of boxing pad work and sparring this morning and an epic 3 hour dog walk this avo I am quite ready for a nap
Tommorrow is the big day!! #lawyermeeting :)
Full of the other team's fans?
Oh I got so many good tweets regarding this....but gonna be good
Closet and Storage Concepts to Display Custom Closets at Greater Philadelphia Spring Home Show Closet and Storage Concepts will be attend
Great job Bulls giving this game away!!!! The Sixers basically handed you the game & you gave it away in the final minutes of the 4th!!
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch!
Want to see your next show...on Kozlov.
Chick Webb was an inspiration to every chick with with webbed feet who dreamed of playing jazz.
come on back home.. Lol
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating~ Denis Waitley
I would love that! I'm cdunn @ strength.org. Thank you!
There's a point in life when you start to realize who matter, who NEVER did; and who ALWAYS will!!! #DELETINGGARBAGE2DAY ;-)
I still want to meet you even if I'm older then you
I'm heading down to Southern California in a few days. Any beers from that area you'd like to request?
i didn't eve see that so i don't know what you're talkign about I mean when you came back with "OH NO YOU DIDN'T GO THERE"
That moment when you fix the typo, but don't save the document before sending it off.
Can't wait! RT : En route to MPLS for tonight's screening of LAST DAY AT LAMBEAU ! Tickets still available! 7:15pm!
Check out the newly launched Recoup.com "Buy what you like. Save what you want. Support what you love."
Finally at barcade, after a rain-induced pizza break
MANE I WANT SOME POPCORN
I don't wanna be at my house :(
90's music was the bestt.
Rise and shine!!!! Happy hump day<3
RT:need Help frm my creative friends!Im Plannin our ONE year anniversary party for BROADWAY BAR ON FRIDAY the 27th!ideas or suggestions???
For a hundred that can bear adversity there is hardly one that can bear prosperity.
You Are Totally Welcome!
I see has alot to say today...
Dammit why am I not sleeping
Thanks for following BSN SPORTS! As a thank you, take 15% off your next order by using Flyer Code F6 at checkout. Expires 5/31/12
That's awesome! Can't wait to see ya! :)) Hey follow and , that'd be great!
I do miss you, Tennessee...
Still feel the drinks from this mornin
Lauren is giving away too many kisses today
I think that Mankato game the night before was way worse.
who do you think has the advantage
Yoooo.. Black girl with short blonde hair.... You can't be making with your dude on the train... And looking at me at the same time....
my fav song is just a kiss by u mishon
You would love Highway 19 over here in Clearwater...Hahaha
"Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so #busy that you have little time to criticize others.”
I wanna be a billionaire so Fucking bad. Buy all the things I never had ....
I was pointing to the greater access that these "natives" have & their higher (culturally conditioned) standing.
Check our web site for specials, videos, clients, and see some of our staff members
nice meeting you, Tim
#nextsoundcloud is a redesign of our web app to create a simpler, faster, more social experience for our community (private beta)
it's the same video. You already sent me that video
I don't have anything on the calendar. Probably a few weeks. Come to Chicago in June. Get David too.
Looks like its going to rain <3
Oh boy, WTF Simon is trending. LMAO!!!
Lose Majok but keep Bradley. Not a good week for sports.
addicted to the fast life!
Hey thanks for the mention!
You may find something you want at www.Yunnan-Arts.com
Smartphones are pricey. Don't buy 1 when you really don't need 1.
Call it what you will - is flat out some of the best pizza in DC. AND they do a good gluten free crust.
“ A beautiful women is unique , smart , and has self respect”
When ever I go to the Packer games I encourage the hottie cops to get a good feel ;) #sassy different the the airport though
Giving the little Honda a bath. :)
keep up the noise tonight. I feeling 3 points tonight
THIS IS IMPORTANT!! Be My Valentine♥? c:
Chicago: Come for the pizza, Stay for the political corruption
Really wanna see in a similar role like "Home of the Brave". But with a lead role this time.
Got my drivers education certificate feel like driving some of everywhere now
Well at least they had a brief shout out for rescue dogs
It's a BEAUTIFUL day in the Roc!! What are your plans for tonight after work?!
Wtf I need a cup of urs for?......I GOTTA WHOLE BOTTLE!
Really excited about all these rockumentaries making their way to netflix.
👍👍 “: The fact that I got offered THREE stripping jobs today. 😳”
thanks for the follow dude!!
straight the uad plug ins require a dsp card. They are the best sounding ones by far to me. Check them out
Many thanks!
Ima ima make u my bitch,
OMG I'm so excited I wanna cry! I've never been this happy in my life!
I'm in the auditoreum Beyond Facebook & Twitter. Def. cookies, next! :)
hey that's me in the white car!
ohh i thought i saw him in your followersstupid eyes lol jk #imnotweird !!
mini Chicken sandwiches for breakfast >>
Idkay?!? Cuz People Said He Tweeted It Then Deleted The Tweet. :O
well played...first album to turn me on to Stereolab
Yesterday was 420 known for smokin Kush, Today is 421 the day of the Drug Test....Hahaha.
Did you buy holiday gifts from any artists? Who?
very good and you? :)
There have been 2 restaurants in my life that I have been excited to eat at. One being and the other one is La Merenda!
Amazing atmoshere! Its fun to finally watch a decent product on the field in KC too!
yeah. It does make me a little nervous...
4 for 8 on the season in my books.
Kup has free cubs tickets. (no lie) sick seats. Hit me up if u wanna go with us.
Bought cupcakes for my interns. They didn't transit well and fell off my car seat and got ruined :( the thought that counts
This was the best Hulk even better than me when I was in second grade.
butch vig makes 'nervermind classic album' impossible to watch on netflix
playing mario kart wii
Hartford depot for the real pits of despair
Well I got Some Things to Work ON, Yes I DO
My neighborhood provides great models and locations. It doesn't get better than tree lined streets and old house in Beauregard Town.
can anyone tell me what is a rabbit dog and do we really shot them in the streets...?
Can't sleep.
": *Help spread this word. #BrothersFightingCancer. #NonProfitOrganization to take care of Our Health,Heritage
It was a pleasure working with you all and I look forward to working with you all in the future.
*hugs back* its not you!
Halfway thru class...
I forget what you mean to me, hope you know what you mean to me.
WillUluvMe2niteBaybay SONG OF THE DAY I WONDER IF I TAKE YOU HOME By Lisa Lisa & The Cult Jam w/Full Force
Is it just me, or is "I want to be a Toys'R'Us kid" sung to the same tune as, "and a Partridge in a Pear Tree" ? Gotta love Christmas music!
Tynetta is soo silly :) she don be taken my grandmas side
If you live in Washington, DC or Kingston, Ja & your interested in helping Please Contact CoCo at 202-534-8151
CONGRATS! ": Holy wow - FOUR of our troupes have made is into the first ever ! BIG takes the Big Apple this March!"
Thank you Alexia! I've emailed her but I'm not sure that she's received it yet... :(
i agree
Someone txt me..
Thanks!! It was fun to make! Now we have to choose the next myth...
Glad Prince saw limited action in the All-star game (and got the big RBI), but Manuel should have left him in, not howard...he's hot!
I think the main reason to stay on twitter is to occasionally check in with you. Lame? Possibly.
Fun! Our wheelchair sports & adaptive rec coordinator can help - or 414-291-7520 v/relay Good luck!
I'm watching Chopped. Lol
This week, we #Crew96 fans are again reminded of #MLS sides named after horrific disasters: , ,
Good luck. Enjoy the trip.
We performed are 1st Show under our new name -> tonight and it went really well. More details about this change soon!
happy happy Friday
I wish every day was Tuesday.
The worst part about Vegas is Monday morning back in the office...
Thanks for the follow Fabian! Amigo!
Exactly. Purpose must be to get the characters to an HEA to make it a romance.
“: This is why there's TiVo” I'm telling Liza you said that. Also, my DVR broke. All I got is VHS.
S/o to for repping #JNC on #SNL today.
Thanks Christopher! Keep up the good work. Raku is a killer processes!
From our families to yours, have a wonderful holiday!
#Lyra12 mobile worker needs... Food, water, shelter and a USB stick by Mike Weir
We hope to see some of you today at the Polaris mall in Columbus! Get your merch before it's sold out. We'll be hangin there around 6pm. RT!
read Sometimes A Great Notion next...great stuff. Have you read Electric Kool-Aid Acid test?
I love Big Time Rush .
You give me the heebie jeebies Felt like a hippie sayin that :)
WORD. RT As a producer, I spend a lot of time detecting bullshit. So please: don't bullshit a bullshit detector.
as soon as we got our score we go back to our room and wouldn't of noticed LOL adanna is doing cit this year!
CNN ..... She wanna listen to sticks
Ppl tryna get to me, get at me again. I am MORE than a conqueror. When they gon get it?
when is YPF?
I assign about the same as Jonathan, 100-150.
Press Conference for release of State Secrecy & Child Deaths Report over but here are more interesting tidbits that weren't tweeted live...
Underdogs baby! Western Michigan tied up with Michigan at the Big House. South Florida whooping Notre Dame butt in South Bend 10-0
Go george lopez!!!!!! Or ellen!!
Restoration Hardware sent me a 616-page book to sell me an $11,000 sofa. I didn't buy.
BASE Camp overnight tonight, woohoo!
Barrett vs Walker v2.0! Let's hope this is a "Choose-Your-Own-Adventure" story and Wisconsinites pick a different ending this time
Has successfully learned how to parallel park. 😊🚗👍
April 3, 1905: Several serious wild fires burn around Baltimore destroying trees and buildings.
Nicest person ever well sometimes c; go followw!! :)
cool, that's awsome
the seesaw of teaching, an email highlighting clerical error failure on my part to a student praising me as "wizardly" 10 minutes difference
nice work man!
ASAP keep your ear to the ground...
I think I'm gonna audition for bad girls club. Get paid to live in a mansion and put up with some ratchets for two moths? Spanks :)
You just starred in the newest episode of Extreme Couponing on TLC
RT : Boom. Cherry Blossom Ice cream for your hot fudge sundae?!?!?! Oh yea !! #cherryblossom // can I buy a pint?!?
#wordoftheday Weezer's album Maladroit, probably the worst one they released, is quite maladroit. - Thanks Mary!
I feel like I just found out my boyfriend cheated on me.
Lmfao @ E-40 "Her titties is a D-cup, she thick like Rachel Ray" hahah
Twitter is not the destination it is a vehicle. Have clearly defined goals for what you want to get out of it.
Best house/funk artists:
n fly here :)
last time i checked its called the scoreboard not the triple double board. Hes the least assertive freak athlete ever
WAIT you didn't see the whole thing? No wonder...all right it's now officially a Star Wars + Jeepers Creepers nite
awee thank you sweet heart<3
Oh dang. She seemed cool when I met her.
Louis LAmour~ There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.
If u count indycar Indy natives, u would have to say Indy had tony Stewart, manning, and Reggie miller wouldn't u?
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. ~ Arthur C. Clarke
Working at Shin Wellness then birthday celebration this weekend with my ladies!
/ I AM EXCITED FOR YOU AS WELL
uh oh
Is there an app out there that with ACTUALLY teach me about wine and just be a journal? YES!!!!!!
#EDCampME review of afternoon sessions and ready for cross pollination lunch
Goodnight *wait for replies *
man i wish i had a car so i can gtf from round these people!
see you thursday :)
Tonight's agenda new nails and Glee..
": Fuck my throat hurts !" Wth were u doing?? Lmaoo
Test-driving an Android, appalled by virtual keyboard (used to Bberry), crashing apps, non-functioning GPS. iPhone any better?
Asking Alexandria sucks ass!! they are such a shitty band!!
because right now I can't follow anyone at all. But sometimes it let's me.
Anyone ever play the card game Fluxx? 1st time I played was last night. So fun. Actually nice to play a card game other than poker for once!
Awesome Wednesday #specials $4 #Margaritas and Blue Moon, $5 Avion Tequila, 1/2 off bottles of wine. Feeling the #cincodemayo love!
Fox dating series ‘The Choice’ pays homage to NBC’s ‘The Voice’
FINALLY got my speech done...and it's still 55 seconds over. Grrrr. I'm going to bed.
Going out of the US 4 2yrs. Need to make 1K per month with SP ebook romances. 4 available. Good prof. prod. books. What are my chances?
Thinking why do i have friends
I wanna go look right now - but leaving the party to check out my prize would be bad form
We're on the final pages of this chapter but the story of our lives is just beginning. Toasts to living
ALRIGHT. I DID.
Long day of filming. Glad to have the weekend off. Anyone have a idea for a show you want on the channel
You can hate me but why knock my hustle?
#IQ2US Grayling isn't right.He forgets that the Renaissance saw nature as the "book of nature" given by God. His history here is very shaky.
Happy hour 5-7. Half off drinks and $5 apps. Karaoke night starting with $2 well drinks 10-12
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Buy my mom a restaurant :-) :-) :-)
web analytics software comparison
RT : What kind of terrible music will all these babies in Ramones onesies reared on Rockabye Baby CDs will come up with?
Is BYU that terrible or is Iona good??? I'm going with BYU being terrible I think...
Is that what the kids are doing these days?
Tweet me numbers!
I would like to be on tour with someone ...... anyone
Dude, get an AVI.
I'm Michael Johnson fast when it comes to creating art. And I'm always pleased with the outcome
MIA will get it together in the second half! Got to keep the viewers' attention!
my amazing roomate bought me ROBOT ice cube trays - i can not wait for whiskey n robots :D
#health is easy - rocks kettleballs to get her hot body. You can too.
look it up ding ding!!! It's my location to!
You guys following me? Read the exercise? Nod if yes
'What is important is that we can build a homogeneous #South Africa on the basis not of colour but of human values.'-Chief Albert Luthuli...
The worlds best friend's birthday is TOMORROW!!!☺ looking forward to it!!!
How many of you are waiting for someone else or the government to take care of you? “: How many of you are one lost job..."
We're so happy to hear you've enjoyed the performances! Thanks for using ShowClix :) Have a wonderful holiday!
Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy..but here's my number, so call me maybe 😉❤😊
24 people.... 2 tribes.... But only one winner... Who will be the Survivor?!?!? O_o
Hour and ten minutes on route woo hoo!
“I feel a very unusual sensation – if it is not indigestion, I think it must be gratitude.” – Benjamin Disraeli
anyway we might be able to incorporate in those classes Todd? :)
Your welcome (:
OMG Game of Thrones...
Next shot to sign up for you to own the Britney show is at 1:03pm!!! Good luck
you and me both! Hahaha
we're still here. We still love you. We're always digital.
Will you be able to follow up w/your webinar participants to see if their predictions about staff/board were accurate? Very curious.
Perhaps, but I think the non-existence of a dome is a greater factor. I'll believe this once Chicago hosts.
It's 08:15 and we just drove past a guy failing a field sobriety test. Happy St. Patty's day everyone. Don't be stupid.
There must be a dearth of substantive differences between candidates if we're breaking out their high school days.
I love the way you are It’s who I am. Don’t have to try hard we always say, say like it is and the truth is that I really miss
Our full website will launch next week. In the meantime, what kind of topics would like to cover?
but there will be less white rappers.
Trying to move beyond the"block of text and pictures" model some exhibit software enforces.
Told yall I was back to twitter ! At 1 point my tweets were far and between but I C its important to stay in touch wit this network foreal
Great day to stay inside and program!
never watch any part of clones but the end. I always skip to EP. 3, which wasn't half bad...
sure thing! Best of luck this #prom season!
Thanks, Charlie. I'm already grilling people about how to prep for winter. I'm open to all advice!
Stress eating. This is a thing this week.
Somehow I keep winding up on the couch...... Not moving.
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire.
Q1 Be reliable, go above and beyond, take on new responsibilities. Helped me to grow my job from admin to program mgmt.
24/7 locally owned & operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
I just got in the house and im already bored smh lol
how many will finish college with costs so high, and no job market?
It's actually LeBron's fault.
he is. Nicest dog ever
Great work!! Love it
so u jus wnt random ppl 2 txt u? if i gave u my number wud u txt me?
lol ay fck you I don't look like neither one of them niggas
Don't forget to tell your followers about free cones at Ben & Jerry's today. Or are you trying to keep the line shorter? :)
in #houston tommorrow..... he needs to stay for
Yay my Mariners won!!! Now Yankees Vs Redsox...Yankees better win so my man is happy!!!
Couldn't be around anyone because MRSA is very contagious and that is hard with family. This infection can be dangerous Continued next tweet
Hey guys(: How was your day?(:
What's wrong with people these days?
However, we ARE on the same page. Stand up!
... you just IMPRESSED me
Geeks shall inherit the earth or in this case, geeks shall inherit Reno. At the first Hack4Reno meetup with some brilliant minds
The weather has been nice the last few days. Now it's supposed to snow...AGAIN...UGH!
Follow my friend She works for #Facebook :)
Buy! buy! buy!
LMAO! I saved you one tweet - I was laughing over here, but at least I can say "I didn't do it!"
I so wish you would notice my little girl hailie it would mean a lot #believe maybe one day
Wondering how much snow we are actually going to get.
And a special thanks to & for giving us the space to perform!
is looking 4 ecosystems in the upper atmosphere. #STL could do big stuff too.
can't wait to see sparkle. Love the orig one. Ck us out at simply grand music. Memphis
clearly time to find another waitlist. At least they're not on your right!?!
It multiples
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
let's go!
Stop asking me all these questions .. Annoying as hell with it
oh I know we will miss MKG smile and school spirit and Miller's homegrown importance of Ky ball!
Dirk vs. whoever can get it going for Portland.
on it.
#fridayreads finished Girl who kicked the hornet's nest by Larsson, Thai Die by Ferris, reading Everglades by White.
Did geno just check the ref?
Happy Friday, David! Feel free to give them to one of our servers. Tell them to let Bryan know, please so I can follow up. :)
Thank you for the RT to your followers regarding voter suppression. This madness has to stop!
Passed out at 11, regained enough consciousness at 430 to go to my bed. Yea that's a successful first night home
“Professionalism is knowing how to do it, when to do it, and doing it.”
it's been beyond GOOD!
One cat just laid on my face, another got underneath the covers & laid right next to me. Ugh #annoyingcats lol they don't ever let me sleep
whos the other 2 for? nah man ill be here. is there a new album coming out?
joes at work doucher quit lovin all over roberta and move your white girl ass over here I'm bored and have good news for you
Japan threatening to score
'Book of Soul'.. is probably the most sincere song I've ever heard from Ab-Soul. That shit is super focused and personal.
“Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done."
"I'm mad at Wall Street cuz I don't bother to take an interest in my own future."
First big update coming from on Mon. Lots of new features, some bug fixes & better content. All based on initial user feedback.
That smoking commercial is so sad
In the burgr king parking lot and a wire popped and exploded ! It was scarry D:
My nerdly instincts kicked into overdrive when they took down Axe's kit along with Ghost gear.
I haven't showered since the first time I showered
Starting our pickup rehearsal tonight for #RomeoAndJuliet. Does that make us pickup artists?
If Diablo 3 is code for dark chocolate almonds or an embarrassing boner during a presentation...FOUR SURE.
Watching Step Brothers! haha
U've been up for 4 days makin money Both ways .
Can't you see I'm falling for you:/
Not only can you glean practical methods for saving, you get in the mindset of being a saver, and this is a huge step
If any one.was to kill me right now, they would be charged with a tripple murder!!!!!!
It's so hard when I have to, and so easy when I want to. -Annie Gottlier
im sorry christian try your best never saynever love love love u!!!
I hate busy weekends. -_-
wait that came out wrong lol! Don't get the wrong idea about me I'm not a heavy drinker!
When was the last time someone did something nice for you? What was it?
No one ever gets tired of loving, They just get tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry and hurting.
try it. There are coupons attached to some checkins - for some of us that is as witty as we get. ;)
lol well i mean i can do this little something for you
I turned on the radio and herd Ill be and I thought of I sat here and cried, I love you Austin...
"look at all these men. Look at all these wieners waggin'. I'm so alone. I should go home, and so on, and so forth..."
Well, today is my 40th birthday, but I still feel like I'm 19! No worries.
Those perfect high notes Justin hits, making your body tingle.
On YouTube Pres Obama said he saw drug abuse as a public health problem and that it should be treated as one, Reuters
well i'm moving in so make room for me :)
Hi it's me I'm guest tweeting for tonight. Looking forward to seeing you at the
Sitting outside at night is nice when you cant sleep
Planning Pregnancy May Cut Birth Defects
That moment when you wait for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply(:
This seriously made my morning. My mom did the same thing!! Have a great day, you two.
That's right fucker you are out
Man, i freakin' love showchoir. I feel great about that performance!!! #express !!
lets have fun on www.aaron.tv ;D
Thanks so much! <3 #MonsterLove ...aww thanks, you're too sweet!
Nothing like beating an irrelevant franchise once again.
Accident @ corner by house this afternoon. Jeep ran stop sign t-boned station wagon. Driver of Jeep taken by EMS. Family feet away, in yard
These games against the O's ately, are like freaking bad joke. The fuck!!!
please keep on following me luv all
Do you do commercials for your practice?
Whatever I do, I aim to live on purpose. My purpose being to connect with others through the power of music! What do you stand for?
Thanks Ray! RT : Long overdue
aha, i do what i want
Absolutely LOVE ur concept. We r a music fanclub and conceptual-art project & #Heroes&Villains
Awesome! Can't wait to visit England!
I have the best mother ever.
“: i though yalw as suppised to fight
WOW your a bitch
You're terribly busy but if you can answer, are you from eastern Kentucky? Have been tracing Fugates in and around Breathitt.
I'm surprised to see someone like Harrington talk about it like it was...
my dad said to me "son you're gonna HATE the day you start shaving" why would he say such strong words to a child? why not "ENJOY..."
Cover Bands don't Change the World
remember that she's definitely seen feet way worse than you, as long as you still have all of your toes she def has lol
Maybe cold, but I doubt you're helpless.
Tough Love- New Orleans comes on tonight at 7pm! Make sure you're watching!
I always thought tweeted in Kelvin.
Theater Camp this week was such a great success! Hope everyone had a stupendous, thespian appreciating week! :)
Saw "Mao's Last Dancer" several evenings ago; this evening I'll see "Ahead of Time" and also meet Ruth Gruber~! Life continues to expand.
Yes! They're releasing the date soon, it should be really fun & for a great cause!! Follow them for more info! (:
That sounds unreal. Why would someone not respond? A culture of 'those inside' and 'those outside'?
I'm over here hiding and shit lol.
1/8 Reading "Pennies from Heaven" by Chris Lehmann in Harper's Magazine, October 2011. My favorite section so far goes like this (p. 40):...
Lol you ain't bout the ink..
egg mcmuffins are on Babbitt tonivht
Great interview on
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
It's only on the nice days does my health seem to take a turn for the worse. I'm not playing hooky, I swear I'm just lying in bed!
The US economy grew at 2.2 percent in the first quarter of the year
Thanks to , my hometown of Red Hook Brooklyn coming to the big screen in August.
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.
lol he's just now seeing that???
I have so much homework this weekend. All because of
Waking up the Twitter account
Our doors are open, and the coolers are stocked. Your move,
Nah I think he is out of luck. They give you free tuition when you get hit by a T, not for being stupid.
happy v day beautiful
RT : Friday @ Railyard all day and at Molecule for the evening. Saturday @ SITE Santa Fe.Jungle in the van, E Pluribus Unum books...
he's definitely a high handicap spitter. is he chewing sunflower seeds or sumthing?
Use lots of Sunscreen!
Today was a weird day
sometimes i feel i should do more to warn readers that my stuff - all of it - is violent. like changing my pen name to Bloody McPunchYou.
#fpsldraft2012 SS. Lienert is still on the board...
#TheBestSound is "Broken Record" by Radio for the People!
I woke up to discover that my birth control pill pack threw itself in the trash. The suicide note said that it had never felt so irrelevant.
Fun Fact Friday: Looking for a cheap flight to Asia? Look at booking two flights that connect in a lesser hub with cheap fares.
Heading home. Ready to snuggle with Dizzy, sleep in my own bed, and hang my liver out to dry for a few weeks.
Congrats to 3 mvps in a short time. Im a fan, but still repin my sliver & black. Lol.. see ya in san antonio.. ;-)
Love me some head a I love a bitch that like 2 do it
Oh how the big red mighty monster have fall.....to jobber status lol.
Giving a talk on network programming with HTTP. Know your fundamentals!
is such a good motivator ^.^
Injured At Work? We Can Help You. Get A Free Case Evaluation Today. 1-800-609-7852
The House of Representatives changed, then passed, the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, better known as...
omg yes!!!
Dear , Why did you make watching video on demand thru Comcast so painful? Couldn't finish 1 show too many commercials, no FF
Baby won't just stay!
What a great afternoon in sunny san Diego at races. I see Lucille Ball & Desi were regulars here. Picked Lisa lulu
...and then there was the upstairs elderly lady always asking me for money and inviting me over for coffee and coversation.
Let kids/students catch a mistake you make speaking.Conveying this info, a way great to develop expressive language skills.catch mine?
No doubt the Rams are the worst team in the West, and they have a hall of fame coach, 5 star prospect QB, and a great RB.
Writting like the longest note 
awe...makes me miss The South...I am from GA! Although I Love CA, just not the same! :)
We look forward to meeting all our 'new' customers who purchased our local deal that was advertised on Travelzoo Local Deals last week!
happy mommy day
no summer vacation for me this year:/
Boys are dumb. Im over this.
Last flight aboard the ACSV Borasis for Charlie Nielson. Then home to Bozeman and sweet retirement. right?
Questions for the Web team? Email Us:
Another night of donkaments on
my life is a little less awesome without you in it my dahling.
What do you mean you don't serve breakfast tacos? *flips table*
I was just called the Mayoress of Good Times - love it!
Man my lunch is bout to be on point foreal lol can't wait to eat lol my stomach is Ready lol
It is! It sold out so fast!
Heading home in the non-existent snow!
We got T MAC--- where da hell have I been, we going to the Ship!! HAWKS
hey, ! I just discovered I have a 3 hour layover in Atlanta tonight. Care to dine with me at the airport?
.... Omg STOP IT! I may or may not have a Hagwarts table down stairs in the game room??? ....
Nice to see you both!
I only have one thing on my mind. Trying not to need it but its not a posibility right now so I want it even more.... SMDH
awww. I'm sure you got through it well :)
it sucks that you don't have a phone anymore :/
"Paris is at her best in May." -- Sammy Davis, Jr.
"Every poet, in every line, makes two things clear: how to write; how to live." Glyn Maxwell via the always spot-on
high afffff but not as bad as lmao
Everyday I sit at my desk and can not wait to get home from work so I can study for the GMAT. Test date: Jan 18th it's not a game
Is thankful for her family by blood, her family of friends, & her family of Dames. Love you all very much. Happy Thanksgiving everybody!!!
Mandisa music marathon. LOVE her! please come to Missouri soon and bring & with you.
ready to rave tomorrow at #nocturnalwonderland with
en route to San Diego...i've missed the drive along the beautiful coast.
are you using the app version of Mapmywalk? Is it any good?
is starting spin class tomorrow at the crack of dawn
Retweet me and I'll retweet YOU!!!!!!!!!! Let's all be followers!!!!!!!!!! lol xoxo. i don't get on my knees pray!
have we had anyone out to investigate this for you?
no love for cena?
Now it a line
and myself 1st team USCAA All-Americans!!!! Feel it bro
Longest match ever today against park hill.
You guys rock! come back anytime!
Very Nice!!! No matter. We still love us some W&F
Wordle: "the gateway drug to textual analysis" - Jonathan Feingberg in Beautiful Visualization: Looking at Data through the Eyes of Experts
Twitter always crashes on my iPod. It's so freaking annoying.
Jack Dorsey, Executive Chairman and founder of Twitter, is in #Paris today -- we hope you're enjoying your visit, Jack!
Having dinner with friends and just spotted that Karina Smirnoff girl and Brad Penny. He's playing this year?
how is Mikey playing?
well probably not Jazmine bro
by the way...next poster needs to involve the rest of the "legs" pic on pg 2 of your liner notes ;)
I need more sleep ..
Rocked the house last night with in our Computer Dinosaur show, thanks to and TNT!
hmm. why did i ever leave southern california?
Wow, exciting!!! Very happy for you.
Thanks Andrea! I checked they have A fine balance at the library. I placed a hold and gonna pick it up this weekend! Thanks...
okayy well schools out now so lets try again!
Obama to Parliament: "I am told that the last three speakers here have been the Pope, Her Majesty the Queen, and Nelson Mandela — which...
what the fuck. i hate my life. please just push me infront of a train.
guess what necklace i didnt get back?
Absolutely. We are diving heavily towards radio and podcasts to start and video is down the road.
Please follow me <3. Is my dream, please yo do come true #mahomie 5
Cheers to going crazy, what a great Bukowski quote.
Your show is Growing on me Wife still hates it
i dont want to get my ass out of bed! =(
Don't forget your non-perishable food items... Volunteers will be collecting your donations along the route to benefit Hunger Task Force!
CA if u want action. 30MOL if u want to lol alot.
Neal McDonough Says 'Captain America 2' Will Shoot At The End Of The Year & Hopes 'Nick Fury' Will Follow
Can we shut the f up about the 4/20 stuff already? It's really freaking old.
What are you doing next week? Come to our holiday meet & greet event at Edelman on Wednesday. Starts at 5:30 & registration opens in 24 hrs.
I think it might be #gotwet with all this rain
wants to congratulate for having the idea of the month in regards to #election night reporting! Ask him his idea
You were right! Full course caution due to a manhole cover comin off on turn 9!
Mark my words Pablo Dominguez. The Bulls will win. RT : Sounds like you just started watching sports! Sorry to hear that...
Reading an ARC of novel A GOOD AMERICAN by
Finished dinner, bed for Abel, then xbox for me =) leavin for PA tomorrow
#hideyokids from this guy RT: best part of work last night. making fun of a small child
Tired as hell
So yeah. The girl I was dating just stopped talking to me. No response to texts, no return phone calls, no response to fb messages.
Do you folks have a mobile library vehicle? Could be a true amenity in underserved communities.
seen u today at the Big House. You look right at home.
I wore the brightest shirt I own and had M&M's for lunch and I'm still not feeling it. I need some kind of #motivation .
it was great watching you be a part of history in Seattle this weekend! Keep crushin stud!
Know I have Bill The best repair(guitars)man in the Southwest!
RT : This is an important night for Kobe's legacy.
SOUNDS GOOD to ME!”)
5 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!. Go Jollymen !!
Great message today!
Don’t miss today at #FoodArtsBBQ today from 4-7pm at Navy Pier!
Its Lunch time!!! Whats everyone having and are you sharing?
CNN using my post on my Facebook page video... Keeping cool in Portland on my series called "The Streets"!!!
The solution in Europe is not austerity, but to do away with the Euro let the national currencies float.
Phones, emails, and fundraising.... It is all coming together!
oh ok makes sense :)
thanks ru bang bang
My dream last nite was so crazy
One word: Inexcusable
Happy Valentine's Day Twitter Fam :-) Spread the LOVE
"Osama Bin Laden no longer walks this planet! Now that's what CHANGE is!" - Pres. Yes!
So incredibly grateful to all who have come out tonight--what an amazing experience!
Watch it. RT I didn't think I could anything could be worse than watching golf...and along came hockey. ;)
If you gonna reply with "K" "Oh" or "Yeah" I'm not replying to you. Those are the BIGGEST convo killers.
Having this weird itch to move to England. Too bad no $ so I can scratch it :-(
Ready for some change!
which one is you?
Merman. “: If Yu Darvish was a mythical creature he would be a Mermaid”
Good night, beautiful people! Not the ugly ones though.
hello everyone (;
should I #supportbruno ???
"We construct a multidimensional feature space..." gets me so excited!!
I can't look at another person bitching about what people put on Facebook.
Haven't been home sick for Cali in 5 years.. Maybe it'll pass.
Okay a quick two hour power nap before back to work
Only got 4 more weeks of school so now it looks like everyone is gunna be focused and actually care about it
lol! SO not the same effect as storming out in 4 inch heels. Ha!
Just got mauled breaking up a dogfight.
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN?
I miss having a snake..
Just tapped Wells Banana Bread Beer.
So yeah hacking my pooder head twitter and shit she went in on tht girl earlier smh i dont believe how petty she is though well nightynightt
well here's what 61 people and most have been waiting for my movie
nice to meet u
definitely don't deserve it but maybe I need to get em to sched family vacation w us!
Good luck dear. I'll truly miss you, , and so much (: <3
Have a handful of shirts to hand out, also looking to put more stuff out eventually
there's not gunna be NO MORE "jelena". says who? if I told ya, i'd have to kill ya. #shitjustgotreal, at lease for the "jelena" fans. bahha!
I'm not strongly for or against The Lorax Film. I'm an animator and it looks gorgeous. Kids can learn something from it, too.
Haters gonna hate...
Learning how to anonymize health records at #health2dev. Cool
follow me?(:
"Can I stay at your place? #NoHobo"
You are awesome and Please don't ever forget that.
Good Luck on the rest of your finals, love! :) <3
Wearing $4 shirt I bought at Walmart after spilling coffee on myself between school visits. Note, self: Throw away the cheap, shiny shirt.
thanks for following us!
Also, that shot of Megan's parents, Megan, Don and Sally was EVERYTHING.
and soon Emerald Lounge!
“: lecter just sent his track check my email bruh ... Not Yet!!
Your child has certain natural skills & you can help further develop those skills through the power of play with the right educational toys
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize you're the only one in the room who's not married or engaged.
Texting. Really hurts your. Hands ..or is it just me oweelp
I wonder how baby shopping is going?
Just saw the A CoopNews! Squeeee!
They dye is settling in!
