Our drummer Andrew lives in L.A. now. West coast friends, please give him a warm welcome! <3
what show?
Meeting with some homeowners today to discuss what's involved with doing a short sale.
RT : Best score on TV: Legend of Korra. Clever stylistic mash-ups, great orchestration & luscious melodies.
Sometimes you just get tired of everything.
I feel sick..
lol I know . Why aren't you texting me ?
u famous n u really just put out dis song n think its bout to fly
no, no, no.....a burst pipe destroyed our records is more likely .... put your $$$ on that!
I just saw someone with a HORRIBLE new haircut and I think my face gave it away.
That Question He Asked Today Wuhhzz..... EVERYTHING
was in vienna last month! missed it!! no!!!
Does anyone have a good site for Triathlon and Running tips? Looking to read up and prepare for the race
Sean McGarrity I have 2 more spots in South Jersey. Looking for #C# #ASP .Net #Oracle Developers. Did I mention they were permanent? As in …
lol sorry i ruined our streak I couldn't guess yore drawing !
thanks! It ran in all the metro papers. woot woot.
Ps Secaucus blows, and so does this noisy, stale smoke smelling hotel room. Where's a good pair of red, ruby slippers when ya need 'em?
Do you have a link to the MLS live stream?
Nicely done, ! #miamidade budget hearing speakers supporting the Arts!!!
Happy Birthday!!
Thank you so much for the retweet!
hahaha. I'm gonna miss you sir
Heading back to the office to prep my clients family one last time before our final hearing tomorrow... Wish us luck!
So I have been officially given a new nickname by the beautiful Ms Troia, since I am always calling her Lite Brite & Glow Worm
Guys I just really love The Parent Trap...
Were you the person connected to my iTunes library via Home Sharing today? Wondering because I have that Cee-Lo song as well.
I think I am one...
I miss real hip hop. I don't like this crap they got out now
he's not fluid laterally and lacks quickness. He's a straight-line athlete. Glorified gunner. Lacks instincts/anticipation.
thats wass up! Im getting the car and going to prom ! xD
Merry Christmas 2 everybody. Hope u and ur families have a blessed one.
Well, I am certainly glad I did NOT decide to sell everyone on our staff on Delicious so they'd stop using IE for the bookmarks. Sigh.
T-minus 4 hours until my showdown with history. Bring it.
Yes! I met with Brittany and I look forward to collaborating more with all of you and actually meeting you IRL 1 day as well!
In much need of some fun and upbeat moods. Here at the yailyard till 5am. With no one to watch the sunrise with and haave breakfast
K , i REALLY hate when people bring up my past .. yeah i made mistakes ? But #OhWell ... Ain't regretting none of it .. So #FuckYou .
Sometimes it seems ChaCha knows more than Google... >.<
While you give Love grief, just remember that Pretty On The Inside still kicks the shit out of anything you've done.
blah. Sorry, bud. Go back to bed.
An overturned truck spills 18 tons of yogurt onto the highway
Glad it worked out. Enjoy your caffiene buzz!
"if a man with pink hair wins the main event I will move to france & open a refrigerator magnet shop!!!" you are the GREATEST!!!
"I have nipples, Greg. Could you milk me?"
Laying out pool side! :)
Yup bus went out of service after a block at 15th and U. Cab it is.
Why u reteetin me y'all played us
Working nights on a film can drive you insane but in a good way...so much to learn
tomorrow u should come over
please never stop making music.
thanks for the mention with
Best of luckz in the #BetterWithUTour! Love u xoxo.?
police an dey will go through d da ab supena ur ip ill sue u 4 everythang u have u fuckeddddddddd up now u hava nice day now
Just got home from Olive Garden, but this time it wasn't nearly as last time.
I might be getting annoying,but I really want to know if you guys plan on coming to Chicago this new tour?PLEASE ANSWER!!!
Four wins in five games. The Reds are really starting to look better.
I'm gonna end up beating the shxt out of somebody tonight
Satisfaction (A Rolling Stones Show) will be performing at the Historic Plaza Theatre in El Paso Texas May 6th @ 8:00pm.
RT u have no idea how much I like u, how much u make me smile, how much I love talking to u, or how much I wish u were mine.
Cat kept me up all night cuz he wanted outside at 3am and I would not let him. He's at the vet now being neutered.
I Fuck His Bitch && Yo Bitch @ Da Same DAMN TIME
I love those moments with my dad that people walk by and give us dirty looks so we try to do the same faces as them lmao(: good times
and remember m is to m 😁
i was watching how is making a change and thats just incredible i was crying just to see how kind he is<3
So many annoying people.
I'm going to Be on the News (channel 5) to night (friday) at 10pm so tone in
We never did catch up. Any opportunity to work with you to fill that newly created opening marketing with the Rays? Thanks.
“: says you look like the Red Ranger from Power Rangers Jungle Fury” || Well, he does!!!
I like this website
Is your grad night, Prom, Ball or Wedding coming up? Make-up should always be done professionally. Inbox me to request and appointment
Dissident case poses test for U.S.-China diplomacy
You must have misunderstood me....WHEN do you think he'll lose WABC? I want a date.
Done with "I" or "mine". Same as pleasure same as pain.
whose your team
I love promethazine uma codeine fiend
That math seems correct to me! Awesome!
We shall slay in honor of your loss of evenings.
RT : RT : #Brewers will wear throwbacks tomorrow. Last Friday home game every month. NICE!
Thanks so much for the follow! Tonight was absolutely incredible. I can't wait til April 3rd!
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! ♥
Burgess clearly hasn't interviewed Dr. Sha's JMS 481 class. We could match any liberal arts major's inquisitiveness. # JMS481
$1 coffee after 3pm! Come try our sledgehammer blend
DON'T DO TOO MUCH.
you guys are dorks
yea it is
Happy Mother's DaY!!! May your day be sweet!
I can't enjoy my paycheck being on time this week because I'm still mad about all the previous ones being late.
WOW 76's beat Bulls!!
I'm in a good mood :D
haha aw! Man i'll watch it one of these days haha. I watched when she had to choose between Gosling & Garfield
We'll get through this, damn it!!!
s/o
Never fails, everytime I head out door in my padded cycling shorts, my kids ask "Seriously, you are going in public wearing those?"
Bruno Mars is putting on an impressive show!
Those little girls on #RHONJ are out of control.
trying to figure out why there are so many tweets.
to them, they will most likely be talked out of it. I know that if my cousin showed any signs that he was going to do this, we would've
There is not one sufficient reason anyone can give me as to why gay marriage would negatively affect anyone or anything.
Nothing to loose
trust is lik a mirror...u can fix it if its broken but u can still see a crack n dat motherf....n reflection
god i know. rADIO FUCKING DISNEY IS FUCKING HAVING HER ON THE SHOW. shiiiiit
Foo Fighters is the one band on my bucket list i've yet to see live. Grohl does every song like it is his last. love it. can't wait.
Was told would have an answer on the 30th, called today & 7 people later now told I have to wait 2 more days.
Heading for the Denver area for the next few days. Apparently it snowed there yesterday. Goodbye spring, hello winter.
gee your lucky. Those alive ones are a bitch to get out
Suffering through a massively boring pitch about a reasonably good product.
Thanks for coming Brian. Good to see you. Have a great night.
hopefully! Down with Evil!
Maybe that is why unadulterated love has not found its way to the street. Blessings to those who are spiritually liberated.
I'm moving out this summer. You come to the real Chicago and crash at my place! Haha. Then, I'll make the trek down to IU.
I said "GIANTS! YEAH BABY" never saw your tweet sorry
#Imagine: Austin: "I really like this girl..." You: "Come on Austin, Just tell her." Austin: "I love you [YN]" ❤
quick question: why not put A Collinsworth deep on punts? Wouldn't he help flip field position? #go irish
today was a long day!.
Check out my website see my new photos www.yourworldphotos.com
Thank you , , and for your time and great information this morning.
yea!! LUV Betty! “: Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me.”
thinking everyone hates you and you're just the center of this big sick joke
I love when Nashville guys get played in Chicago coffee shops. Ten out Tenn. Proud of Music City
I sorta made a silly fool of myself, and it was FUN! #SMCSea cc
Common sense doesn't often seem to enter into historical interpretation.
My friends are so nuts... I love em'
The People Vs. Mike Wickett
Haha, that's a good starting place! Girlyy, study time just started.
I think the 16 gb is more than enough!
my parents just got back and they said go bye and left again to go hung out with some friends
US markets open in 20 minutes showing strong gains initial jobless claims may be seen as some good news in a volatile period for
No.. I do eat fish, eggs, dairy. Have a slightly complicated medical history which is part of the issue...
I like when you do this; 1st Marlins new park now PNC; nice work
At Barnes & Nobles on N. Rock working on my sermon. Question: In your life, what has caused you to walk away from God?
And once again is the MOST intelligent person in the room I bet...seriously!
Found 1 roomie, now I need another. ANYONE? 3 bed 2 bath by #SDSU, gated complex, $500 + utilities.
leaving twitter for awhile till you all chill out and stfu
Yep...#MixNationwide is sounding hot right now
Closed today, but Appalachian Granny will be baking Lemon Meringue Pies fresh at Acme tomorrow! Order yours! 614-732-2803
congrats to you both. Good work to be done here.
Ahaha Crazy How Ah Nigga Barly Kno Ah Bitch Not Even Ah Week Now But On Ha Side TF Outta Here !
Tired as fuck. Hoping that tomorrow is bullshit free or I might go off.
Kuroda with a gem for the Yanks today, 8 innings, 6 strikeouts. Glad I picked him up for the spot start!
“: "You're in high school. You're not gunna marry the kid." #truth” I definitely said this on the daily. HAHAHAHAHA (:
FYI... St. Pats Corned Beef & cabbage broth & veggies = fab split pes soup base...
I'm going to take over the Occupy Baltimore protest and make it an Anti 667 Area Code protest.
love it love it!
The worst thing about crossing a line is when you don't know, you already have.
Ladies, it seems like dudes only give you credit for the bad feelings you give us. I wanna say thanks for the good ones, love you all!
Heh..."dividing" You simple creature. Enjoy your day.
Hey man! Long time. How goes it?
Lobos need to win tomorrow
Exactly! RT Ok now I've got the hang of Google+ and I like it. Everything I did wrong on Facebook I can get right at Google+
You are the man! Many thanks for the cargo collective hookup.
will be tweeting #oscars red carpet commentary beginning tonight at 7pm with ! Head to web site to check it out.
Fixing a trouble spot is almost the same as writing, right? This spot has been haranguing me for days.
Daughter rode bike 6 miles today while I ran. So much fun, talked the entire way.
Competition is getting pretty fierce over here at the #madhatter Throwdown!
is one of the sickest hardcore bands in all of Indiana!!! Make sure you don't miss them at #Kylestock!
I think it's about identity construction.
What's happening family? Headed home after a long weekend at the Olympic trials. This morning my strength was renewed.
OUR JAM RT And if we go down, we go down together best friends means, well best friends means
heyy merry christmas honey !!
I miss you! Thx for stopping by the blog, it's gone through a few changes. I haven't had much time for it lately :(
Yes you did :)
Buhaaaaaaa. I agree, that was bad.
practice at noon then movies later with my boy for our 5 months. :)
Acknowledgment-"for thine is the kingdome, and the power, and the glory forever"
Most stores are closed RT hey, what are you and doing in waupaca
oh yeah? whatcha gonna do about it?! :D
I have no idea how you have the patience for this job. Rest assured, people still like you!
If getting Bin Laden weren't such a big deal, the GOP wouldn't be trying so hard to minimize the accomplishment...
I'm totally coming in tomorrow for more! :-)
When the battery dies, you're in trouble. When the battery appears to die, but only needed corrosion cleared away, you get a pass. Phew.
where are you taking your class? Sounds like a fun new hobby!
yeah the 9832 one
:) RT : great chatting. You are awesome. Cheers.
Kevin Martin: talent enables the business to adapt to change internally faster than the market changes.
No, I was laid off :( But Im making the best out of it, as you can see! lol How's everything with you?
Haha!! Did you like it?!
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad leave the door open when im at work and it's -10 outside!
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market "I love this game!!!!! It's very addictive!!!!" by Angela
what! please tell me that actually happened!
For a girl who hasn't done laundry or packed and is leaving first thing in the morning- I'm not making good decisions. Let #sxsw begin!
Just had Caputo's spanakopita for lunch. Yummy! No plans for dinner yet...
For some reason, it remind me of The League. If you're not watching that show, do so immediately
This hotels pool is outside and the people swimming are freakin yelling!!
i'm addict to you...
is there something in your eye. No wait, it's just a sparkle. ;)
Items is only available on Square for iPad at this time.
Some people are dumb when comes to a relationship that they have to cheat
Agreed, and everything about Kashmir is awesome.
RT : Busy day today, but looking forward to hanging out at camp with this weekend. NO this Saturday night.
We're shooting a national commercial today!
Thanks for the follow artists
Of course The Ultimate Jobber beats kane
Neither will win anything in the next decade ;)
Gonna sell my car and go to Vegas cause somebody told me that's where dreams would be
You talk shit about me and the act like we're best friends?
that's true :)
Thank you for the Follow...right back at ya! You guys Rock!
Totally ignoring the dress code the last month of school.
tonight Elgins friends will walk in carson in a candlelight ceremony in honor of his activism...Turmont and avalon at 8pm
Working on the intro film video!! Have a "wing it" version---probably never see the light of day!
My family passed up LOTR, The Matrix, and Iron Man. I'm not related to these people.
Great winds blow on high hills.
trail running vs work...hmm...I think you made the right decision
Good Morning Everyone! We have been getting some great feedback via FB and Twitter for our FREE Cookie giveaway! Thank you everyone!
Danny Glover leading the Jobs Not Cuts Rally Saturday Oct. 15 at Laney College 1:00 in the PM
The flat area along the stern of a boat is known as the transom
Cannot wait!!
I look like I have three elbows right now. Thanks, Cottage Grove
post the details to exist-open - i'm sure someone will be able to help!
Our brand new twitter account. Website Launch Soon. Plz follow for updates on the best in Chicago dining, things to do, deals & discounts.
curse you Sunday! I just scheduled 10 things in my DVR between 8pm & 12am tonight. RIDICULOUS.
you too lady!
yes! Call me!
Moment of silence for everyone in school who can't watch on live twitcam . 9:10 am
#CommonTattoos A big skull saying “I hate tattoos” Who doesn’t have one of those?
Everyone follow !
Walked into to buy a bottle of wine and discovered a 50+ bottle wine tasting
#endoftheworldconfessions no no no don't listen to these people. WE let the dogs out.
Always re-evaluate your choices and decisions...some will be validated and others re-purposed!
: Once you dump marriage, you are a free-floating radical. "Going Gaga" means not appealing to the state
Thank you for your kind attention to the difficult circumstances facing #fostercare children and alumni
so sad. U dont follow mee crying
Portland says their retooling instead of rebuilding. If he's there, do they draft Andre Drummond or trade that pick for Varejao?
Vegas Racing...launching tonight @ 12night!
Follow my son
United Airlines shopping for new regional provider In Tyler - KYTX
Can I take your picture?
that's stupid
then i check on " @ Connect " then he RT me again! Then Alex tweeted about YouNow and i reply him, (c)
“: I'm a vagina.” Pshhhh #YouAllReadyKnow !!!
RT : RT : Framing issues: climate disruption, women’s rights, economy, religion,...
Fantastic day in Lima. The sun was out so I hit the markets and the Parque del Amor.
I have had a defender since i got my iphone more than a year ago. never had any damage and i am a klutz!
gave my #payitforward bracelet away today, thought someone else needed it and the message needed passed on. Thank you!
Jes! I saw it. Just haven't gotten around to messaging you. Sorry. Writing a new blog post!
I just don't know if I am ready to be Ja-made crazy.
thanks Ma$e.
spring menus coming soon. And all the goodies growing in my basement. Neighbors are wondering about the bright lights emanating
Holy fat grams! I have discovered the most amazing (and most expensive) Deep Dish Pizza in Philly! Garces Trading Company, baby!
Thanks for spreading the word, and ! Here's to neighbors, community development, and dinner parties–
Hatred is a poison that fills your body
design is not just an art..it is life style of a person...
Ali Fitzgerald called me that on the blog, back in the day. Was my username before I switched over to salvocheque :D
Omg its cold outside, jacket much...
I wish knew I was alive. I love him! If I met him, moment for life<3 YOLO! <3
If get's a girlfriend while he is back hom ein Bradford,UK im gonna cry no JOKE! -.-
Unlock this badge for 10% off and a free bar of Provence soap in Oak Park! www.kupoz.com/carefulpeach m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Happy Friday! Who's working out today?!
Dear , I bet you a hundred dollars you can't go into Jasa Kabob in Canton Square and EAT a whole Biriyani! Too big even for u
omfg RT forks, Washington called me today.. it was Edward
PooPoo O'Hara can't win Drag Race- its like voting Bush into office again!! No
already follow you too
lol your welcome? x) tell Taylor to come meet me!
Sadler is comingg! go salder you can do it
Looking forward to it! I'd also love to know what you think about K-2 vs 3-5.
What's worse than putting 1 hot curly fri in your mouth? That's right putting two a hot curly fries in your mouth!
On the fence and need help from #sqlfamily: Should I rename 'STOP! Consolidate and Listen' to something clearer (for attendees)?
RT : RT : Deja Vu: When God thinks something is so funny he has to rewind it to show it to his friends...
Most people either loved or hated movie "melancholia"...opinions? I loved it.
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Made an account and pretends to be a crazy fan RT if you wanna know what account it is.
You can officially start drinking now. Being Cinco De Mayo and all.
hey sorry for the late reply how r yu
Yes. In spirit. Hey, exciting play.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 3
follow me Will Smith
- Thanks, I needed some research in this area...
Just got done with Bark in the Park. 2 TIRED pups!
Would you like to get in touch with my coworker about it?
Their team went to Winnipeg.
Happy first day of spring!! I loved being woken by the singing birds this morning! What is your favorite thing about this season?
You've got a good life, right? You live in a free country, right? You've got a keyboard, right? So, who are you taking a stand for today?
awh how sweet of you.
I ALLMOST CUSSED u..RT : lol try u a big girl.. Yu might like it! Or get crushed in the process of finding out lmao
Though to be fair, I did find my future husband whilst punting on the Cam and enjoying my Pimm's today.
Oh hell yes. Dave Chappelle is on the twitters. Follow him!
It is 11:08 pm on a Saturday night and I am ready for bed. Something is wrong here.
everyone gets up for crunchy frog!!!!
Where at?
Who's the guy at Fenway sitting behind home plate wearing the suit and the old fashioned yellow headphone radio?
the weather for today is clear. summer, are you finally here?!
Becca's songs out :D Everyone listen to it .. This is the best one, yet ! My Moment - Rebecca Black
If you haven't heard, is having an after party in Chicago at Angels & Kings after the concert!!! 21+
make it rain, baby! Make it rain!
Lol! Yes!! RT : You ever had silent sex? NO music, moans, talking, tv on, NOTHING....shits weird as hell
Beautiful day, new quarter, lost students… what more could you ask?
Can't wait till my skates come in.
The most Smokin' updates on the HOTTEST spot to ROCK the #Vegas strip! Follow opening at the
This weather is amazing
Sweet looking kitchen! Is that coming-soon listing at Woodbury Heights? How many parking spots??
we need the old Polo!!!
You guys, iced coffee is the best.
So you won't like my joke either then I guess.... I guess that Brewster finally found a way to get the axe.....
The 28 million $ question: Where will #PeytonManning go? One guess! Mine is the
Not yet. I write stuff down and crack people up but im thinking about making it a serious thing soon. What about you?
At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters
Mal o Jacob'un sözüüü görmüyormusun? :D
mancave taking shape for my wonderful husband, he will be so happy, who knew there was Dallas Silver and Dallas Navy paint colors
25 more days until school is out, OMG YAY.
I think mine is a 7
link me when you have the photo up - would love to see how you use it :))
Thanks for having us!
RT Tonight I got to dance in the pouring rain with 52,000 people. I will NEVER forget it.
I missed some of tweets... I should be ashamed of myself lmaoo
Just gave a 17 year old ideas for her senior paper #agemeplease she is going with my topic suggestion, though.
thanks. first wanna step out of studio. use more natural light. work more with color, composition, light and shade. nice backdrops
I wont be online very often after my crash thing its not good to go online it could make me have sierzures
RT : You have to have a mentor/coach and a mastermind group. They are non-negotiable. Kelly Thorn Gore
#flyers failed despite the line switch but I had an awesome time, great to hang with you and
Sounds like a great #kidism ! :)
ong <3 i subscribed to ur fb :).. i know i sound weird but im not i promise
Pizza time for the kiddos then I'll be back! Looking forward to a holiday weekend!
Wit Upshaw n Kruger the Ravens will b fine but Suggs ur an ass
why is it difficult to give up control?
Love the apples2apples comparison: www.mndigital.org/projects/preservation
Okay, that makes more sense. Can you please rewrite Google's Help section? It's useless.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday. ~Robert Nathan, So Love Returns
I would rather have Crabtree as out Main TE let Finley go play where ever.
Hey Charles Barkley - Obama's campaign was kicked off in nearly a half empty stadium at the Ohio State University!
pear cardamom upside down cake and tiramisu complete. holiday rolls and artichoke spread up next.
Dynamic Customer Journey via !? Yikes - need to read up more on that :)
Having Diablo 3 server issues? Take a break and listen to Agora Forte, it'll help.
waiting for my hard copy to come in the mail and it's honestly the hardest thing I've ever had to do!
"We'll make some s'mores, man!"
Had a fun time tonight with my boy :)
Sounds like GOV talk or big corporate round table speaking about the surfs below getting less
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand interviewer: whats the last thing you broke Prince: rarayray broke his arm hahahahaha
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Beginner lesson with Nate and Alaina!
totally agree - awesome talk tonight, took some notes that will last me a lifetime...thx for coming!
I'm not sure this commercial on NPR that says, "Buy postage stamps at Staples" understands.....much of anything.
we do a food show in Sept. In NE Houston. Would u like some info? Your bio is mouthwatering !!:)
The final trailer HAS a lot to offer. You will be blown away!
Kobo Touch eReader - an alternative to Nook and Kindle, modern design meets the eReader
Sometimes, when I say "I'm okay", I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight and say, "I know you're not"
Since when I had a GF 0.o ?
Turkey's PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan crows abt weakening regime of Syria's #BasharAssad. , you're not much better!
just don't pee in the water
BJ3 and The Mississippi Bullet are about to light shit up
been to the market lately?
Yes! I'd love to see more programming put on by our ridiculously talented individual staff members, whether in-house or out-call.
I want to go to Tropicana.
wait for the altar and take the full wedding party photos after! Do grooms side and brides side separately before!
I still frequently find myself double spacing and then deleting one, after several years of trying to stop.
First game for the new bball league - gonna be SORE tomorrow!
The Thunder played horribly tonight and lost. Ugh! We will get them next game.
": “: Smh The Line Look Like #Obsessions Saturdays At #Next2Naked Lol! We Went In Lastnight!”"
how was ya day accomplish ya goals for th day?
follow me so I can reply to your messages. We live about 15 min from Thousand Oaks
Lol n dont gain a pound!!! Tell yo husband that we gonna have to go kick it oneday all expenses paid by me!!
I want a man... Not a boy
Derwin...I really don't give 2 shits how horrible that show has become. As long as he on it, I'm watchin. (sometimes on mute though)
Feeling a little melancholy and missing the Hirshhorn on days like today when it's buzzing with anticipation (and anxiety) for a big opening
When I say things like that, nobody bats an eyelash. I'm not sure how to interpret that...
Missed your AMA - do you have any advice that applies specifically to coding for a nonprofit? I'm from
Not feeling school tomorrow.
I would advise that I be left alone
I am an Entertainer better than any other and a great songwriter better than any established that's why my name is ILlestSonGRiteR
Cannot wait for no food sickness, puppy walk, run, and then coming home.
Happy Easter big guy!
Miss you!
Signs of a great workplace? trust, unlimited vacation, equity shares, work-life balance, two-way communication and fair pay
I'll be posting a link to our introduction thread, and pointing out some of our posters on Twitter who have provided their background...
you will dace for me on tv tomorrwo on sportsnation ?
What inspires you?
can't ignore the fact that you both are hella talented tho!
and someone is always watching RT jaredmelzer: - Careful what u post socially! Nothing on the internet is private
You're annoying
I used to count the days with you but now I just subtract them....
Jk bout that last tweet, im the only reason austy wont follow us! SRRRY ~xoxo luv and kisses~ SARA
#WorkOut #SkateSesh then its back #Business ..for those who take time off, enjoy your day!
Dinner at Cafe Geoluread (cafe surse. New name. Don't ask) then TJ's and Target before home.
RT : Mobile polling at #COFLA #fundertech session shows 64% in room not yet supporting #mobile in grantmaking strategies
Starting TODAY: Shop at Saks Fifth Avenue Austin this week & mention Austin Children's Shelter to have 10% of your purchase donated!
I got that mop situation covered for you
OKAY SOUNDS LIKE A DEAL, YOU STAY IN AMERICA AND I'LL STAY IN THE UK. SOUNDS GOOD.
and think that I would be your love
why you gotta be so mean to mean? why you don't know what you mean to me? why you always playing games? why i feel like you're ashamed?
I think im bout to go run
such a horrible thing to wish upon someone haha
if that's true, he probably doesn't judge king james english.
I wish there were italics in tweets.
Oh you're cute.
Spirit of Truth...what a gift! (John:15-17)
Had a blast touring the Bourbon Trail in Kentucky thanks to this weekend. Check them out! It's a great TASTY time!
If i'm single, rich, and famous that means i'll have more money to myself and I could go out and party when ever I feel like
damn it! If I didn't get a phone I would have totally gotten one!
I am loving the pink suit!
I know rite how old are you turnin
I swear FML!
Getting close to 1,000lbs on the leg press!
I feel you! i was reading that shit between you & shea Hicks. hate her !
: Practice safe text, use commas
Gov. Scott Walker's $12.1 million in fundraising since last year breaks previous record of $10 million he set in 2010
Awesome! Thanks
Winners compare their achievements with their goals, while losers compare their achievements with those of other people.
ugh. I'm sorry. What a horrible day for you! I hope he gets better soon, for your sake
Lavish Wrist Restraints Fleece Lining @ www.kandizone.com
New followers! Check out our songs on Facebook and say hi to us!! :) POP/ROCK
Wow lots of tweets about FP not Winnering today.
Congratulations to #RACC students, Christina Buehler & Patricia Sturz, named to All-PA #Academic Team, sponsored by USA Today!
whenever I watch them I feel like I'm going to throw up hahahaha
Anyone coming to #Vegas this weekend for Mayweather vs Cotto? Who are you rooting for?
Bein in a relationship isnt about the kissing or the dates. Its about bein with that person that makes you happy in a way no one else can.♥
I honestly don't know what I would do without my grandpa, please get better soon ! #Myhero #myeverything 👴💙
I'll take a Gin and Boyfriend. Gin and what? "Well, I'll take the gin, my friend here wants the boyfriend..."
#Success over
QUICK POLL: What's your fave smart phone app?
You HAVE to join Panem October :)
#ratchetgirlanthem --- I wit #teamflipphn #teamchrisbrown if she dont shut it up then it's
guess who lost my moms luggage?
I was listening to The Fray performing the National Anthem on the radio last night and it sounded weird, thought it was the signal,guess not
I <3 ! Just met some of the members, can't wait to see them perform!:)
no. i'm not eating cookies.
Nice! I like it....Tray is great
i just moved to a new spot... getting situated... I got plenty on deck... how bout you bro?
That sounds unpleasant, hope all is well
Porsche drops plan for entry-level model, CEO says Porsche has dropped plans to build a two-seater vehicle which would have been smaller
thhinking of changing my twitter username.. any ideas.. best one gets something.. you pick
Stirred up out of bed today by a super sexy soprano sax street musician
good luck dollface!!!
RT #Capricorn's mind are in the gutter most of the times but you would never know.
Calling all Los Angeles City College Performing Artists!! Only days to apply for GHAPFM scholarship!
Our new album hasn't come out yet, but we're demoing up seven new songs!!!!
Haha no not really...
No Problem
good morning to you also...HI,
Remember to bring the kids in for 99-cent meals tonight happening at all Colorado Applebee's!
Wish I was in #Boston for #MarathonMonday!
Way to go! RT : Thanks for the new page likes! We've reached over 5,000 fans on Facebook!
Just how I roll.
just make eye contact, he's prolly on the dl anyways
My question to the President - How can we reduce red tape -- so Am mfgers can get funds quickly to build & construct wind/solar panels. Vote
6 more tweets and im to 3000.
Happy Friday!!!!
those words will get it done.
so far its working. he's txted me and i didnt respond. but instead im going to txt him at around 6
Took the time to figure out that there are only 26 school days left until summer
Dont lead a girl on if your jus gonna drop them
Love how chris brown gets to sing on the #grammys. People aren't held accountable for anything they do in the world today.
Yes, I usually see six or seven of them during a season. Love the sound of them pecking :) We're in Missouri.
Even Craig Sager's suit isn't up to par tonight.
Chef Cantu and Chef Roche did a great job on the Today Show!
Such a great feeling to see good friends genuinely happy.
Thanks for the follow & sexy icon ;)
so, today, unlike any other day. I've decided to look for a new place. :)
Aaaaaawww... I totally forgot about that show! I loved it, too! <:(
care to elaborate?
Dear Lord, Please carry me through the day today <3
Can you join us in tomorrow morning?
as turnaround times get longer. The culture of the organization
ok it's weird how people can like animated things
What's this I hear about the return of Non-Binding Agreements? If its happening, Im for it-Im still paying down AltaVista stock.
please follow
I think y'all look alike
oh jeez, cool, i looked, fTags are a whole site, collection point for that topic, do I understand? arrrhhhgg...
u want him to return too early n mess it up even worse?
I get tears in my eyes when I listen to Justin's new single, turn to you
Hehe, awe I'm good thanks, you? xo
's favorite Pacer in the game - Psycho T!
Listening to a band named "The Naked and the Famous" while eating Nutella on toast. Wonderful and peaceful way to end a Monday.
no. thank you! Your constant support means so much to us!
#Clean Jobs: Silver Lining in San Diego’s Economic Cloud? Media event today 11:30 – 2 p.m. DPR Construction, 5010 Shoreham Place 92122
Everyone Looks Fatter In White Including The iPhoneFast Company - digital calipers
Happy birthday to !!
I wanted to see a table flip.. 😏
Can't wait for y'all to hear this (MERCY Remix!!!) #DOPE.. It WILL be dropping before I leave to North Carolina on Saturday so
yes, please be prepared for some YouTube awesomeness headed your way! :) gotta get settled first then vlogs ahead!!
Hahah i did too so did like all my friend cause they all think ur supa sexayy
chopped and screwed but yea, kinda awesome.
I love the movie orphan especially as acted ester :)
I love my life!!! I'm killing these masters classes!! Less than a month to go and first semester done. God is so good to me!!!!
trying to explain to my husband. omg.
Will do. Just downloaded mp3 so I can listen on my laptop.
Dear teacher, it's not my fault I'm failing your class, I'm learning from YOU. Sincerely , blame yourself.
Tx for the favorite!
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 8851.
Booking the june-july tour , So bands if your trying to package with an amazing band get at me and lets talk business
aw someone in there feelings
You're welcome! RT : Thanks! for sponsoring the
Worst dating website ad ever: "Don't die alone."
Idk man I just love (:
Pictures/video or it didn't happen
The music industry is currently interested in "what's next" in terms of technological advancements following the mp3.
Writing, rain, meeting, writing, visa, writing, meeting. Most hated Texism: "finals", what's final about this? All a process. Just say exams
Follow back? :D
Which is, of course, a perfectly fine reason to like something.
yeah but didn't you have snow like a week ago?
TGFAD that wasn't promised to me#early tweet
Whats up sir? UofL needs to focus on winning the Big East before we can try in get into any other conferences.
asked him re: Twitter. He doesn't have one, not planning on it soon, but may in the future. :)
What I'd like to see right now is a pause in this baseball game for Prince Fielder and David Ortiz to wrestle for 10 minutes.
thx for the add
goodies > anywhere
No homework! Doing absolutely nothing tonight!
Cosentino: Most common math mistake: ZEROS. Even PhDs in string theories get this wrong
Sam will finally learn something too!
hell yes. bare bones would take it back to the good ole cod2 days. I would love it!!
It's really just a good movie :/
Which team's supporters are doing so??
Good morning, #Chicago! Who's looking for a new apartment in the city this morning?
Want a followback? Simply RETWEET and FOLLOW :D
Look at this weather..... Going back to bed ✌
Don't let anyone tell you that you're not strong enough<3
Eww! I hope you don't have a dog.
Who's hiring???
This for sure. AND of course one COULD argue that a few hours away from wi-fi might (*might*) do THATCampers good. :)
:'( fine then leave me alone!!!!
I'm spending the weekend hold up working and writing. Call tomorrow evening. Hope all is well.
My dad just called, after hearing a report on NPR, to ask "Have you ever heard of Berger cookies?"
RT Dear Linked Open Data peeps. Please take a peep at iconclass.org/help/lod and point out the stupid mistakes.
aw yea! That's why we love you Kobe <3 ;)
I would rather let all of my teeth fall out and die alone (probably buried in a pile of pets) than get another root canal,
I want to hear Mistletoe by
yes we did lol some nasty shit
": whats your booking info"
Thank you Rich!
#RESPECT RT : good job Caron... let's close the game Friday
#ff He has wise things to say, and is amazing live in concert! He's also very sweet
thank you!!!
In need of Security Supervisors for your hospital?We'll find them working onsite at other hospitals and lure them away for you. 513 899 9628
A bazillion. Did you see the Salvation Army truck? You can deduct a small percentage of the retail value when you donate.
Sleepless in MKE. This WOULD happen the night before a day shift. Bright side? I have pretzels.
Smart move! People just laugh when I put items on my Christmas list...
you're a mean little tree
how awesome I got you following me made a bad day better thank you
I failed 3 people last night -____-
Let's just say it's awkward at times.
And i just told our bartender. Sorry that Hanson fans are crazy. And he said we are pretty tame. BEST COMPLIMENT EVER.
im so happy and not
Nice! RT : it's cool i won one awsome award from
I think email has a place, but it's not a replacement for #directmail. Reason 1: promos via email or fax are perceived as spam.
Ha ha!
so much more sense.
WE WANT SEASON 2 OF NIKITA. You got it, ? Or I swear I'll kill myself and everybody around me.
With Klout buying Blockbook app last week, just has been getting me thinking about block by block Gov 2.0, possible or a stretch?
Last day to book an appointment for today (8/15) and receive 30% off any and all services! Call now and mention this tweet!
I just sent you an email!!! I hope you check it out and let me know what you think.
Need your car detailed? Scratches? Dirty Interior? Stained carpet?
The song "I Don't Like"--that's that shit I don't like.
I'm woefully ignorant of all iParaphenalia. But has the gear!
Attended excellent event last night: Benjamin Percy reading from his novel THE WILDING.
...a different band or could find a jam session...something like that. Lots of options...
I'M LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST I ONLY FUCK WITH THE REALIST SO FUCK WITH ME CAUSE I'M 100
What's your first tea of 2012? Mine you ask? I went with a Morawaka BOP1!
Introducing Keg & Kitchen Kevin Meeker has revamped Cork in Westmont into a homey pub.
Principal's Remarks Generate Concern Over District Writing Instruction: Parents and Board Trustees are examining the district's writi..
Of Mice and Men headlining Warped Tour this year? I think yes
It is of great importance to know when you are no longer thick... You are just fat ma'm.. so stop it with the''thick''pics
If you're a drag queen come in tonight from 7-8pm for free drinks. We're planning a huge drag show and want your help!
Come on down to Carver Park this Sunday at 2PM for the 5th Annual GE Softball Tourney! Rebels will be playing and taking home the trophy!
I'm in a good place. #Hope this finds you well.
smile 24 hours of the day and 7 days a week.....you never know who's falling in love with it <3
That's cool.
Morning Rockstars! > Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
I wish this #Oscar show would take a cue from The Artist and just be silent. Shhhhh!!!
can u follow me please
“: Due to the weather, tonight's President's Reception will be in the Lemon/Lime Rooms 5:30-7 p.m. #FLACON2012”
Your welcome!
So Tired🚶
#TFTBIE Cutting costs while you're in a shootout with speculators = Bringing a knife to a gunfight.
Pages; mission control for your business on Facebook
Bruins with a lot of opportunities but nothing doing.
Happy Birthday Little Brother !
yeah that was a good day :)
Sitting at MedExpress with about 20 people in front of me. I hope I can endure this.
let any city employer with a take-home vehicle or chauffeur get sponsored first.
why is it that technology is never quite as shiny at the office as it was at etech?
When you wake up in the morning, someone is breathing their last breath. Be thankful for another day. Don't waste it.
huge back up getting on to the pike from 84, why aren't there more lanes for fastlane?
Happy Birthday to your Mom Jay.God Bless her and keep her.She shared her family with all of us.Ty Mrs.Osmond.
#womencantresist Guys in band T-shirts(;
You have to hold the book up, obviously.
I'm really sorry.
Well good evening. I'm just now winding down.
Corn on the Cob with Mayo, Lime, and Chile Powder: Basically Mexican Style and it doesn't get any better than that ;]
reat timing now... Cuz im getting sleepy af! But how can I sleep to dubb... If all I wanna do is stay up more and jamm tha fuck out haha ...
Agreed RT : Very happy to see a social platform being used again this year at
Let my weekend begin!
#Wicked was so good.
yea, don't join the military. This shit sucks lol
sorry about that
Dear Los Angeles! Hope you're having a great weekend! Stay dry and drive safe in the rain!
uhm well today was full of surprises!
This Week Focus on your Result or What You Really Want and Your Purpose or Why You Really Want It as opposed to What You Have To Do. Enjoy!
Maria Sharapova is almost American she has lived in America for almost 18 years & I wanted her to win so bad today!:)
Welcome back!
Lol yeah I know. I was expecting more. How's the weather there??
I need a mechanic! Small engines a Plus Let's see if this Twitter stuff really works One of your friends needs a job! Re-Tweet
If you want a discount you can use the promo code goodtimes gets you 10 percent off the shirts and we have new designs soon
:)) my pleasure
Lucky! RT : Jeff Probst is directing a movie & is using my room to film scenes. I'm meeting w/ Jeff & the art department. It ...
23 days till my birthday YEAH BUDDY
enjoy #AC big chief
Port to the left, starboard to the right raise the sail when the winds just right
JENNA MARBLES FOLLOWS BACK!!! WOO :)
I live in Roslyn Harbor!!!!!!
do you love me?
Great presentation tonight by at the .
well you were crooked as fuck haha I lawled
Port Wash. man barricades himself in his home and is in a stand-off with police. Neighbors say this is the man's second stand-off w/police.
Thx for the follow! Refreshing to find someone in branding with a stream thats not the usual fluff. & a fellow Chicagoan! *beam*
were u interviewed by KNX re self-identification Mexican vs Latino vs Hispanic? Sure sounded like u!
Thank you so much!
Coffee in bed
Welcome to the Loop! Your website is making our office hungry (and we just finished lunch...)
#harrypotterlive question: whats your favorite scene in the movie!!!!???
“: Big win last night for the ! you guys must have been good luck! #BeatLA” let's do it again tmr!
Damn I just messed up my whole leg and my toe trying to go to the dang bathroom :(
dude sick poster. I am awful at guessing those.
Oh my god, I hate doing presentations in front of the class.
It's the little things he does that keeps me hooked. 😘
I wanna adopt another dog so bad..
RT : Once you decide to do it, begin immediately. The sooner you take action the more you'll accomplish.
Happy Easter for all my Twitter friends
i hate it when the class is suddenly silent for longer than usual..
He is part right - do need pass rushing DL, OLB opposite Mathews, and maybe a corner. Could move Woodson to safety.
I support Coyotes. I was really into hockey when they first moved here. Havent been as much in recent years, but back on bandwagon
: Thanks Emily! XO
I love #SaySomethin so much that it's my ringtone on my phone!!!!! #MahomieThing :)
can't wait to hear it...Miss Texas! :))
$119,922,500? Thanks for the benchmark Edvard. Quite confident about May 15th at Christie's.
by the way ur work and writing is exemplary great stuff thats why this old coot follows u
I might run up to the wood to see Shavonnie!
#Heartattack Many Military Vets in College Plagued By Thoughts of Suicide Title: Many Military Vets in College Plagued By Thoughts of Suici
RT : WARNER BROS GOES SO HARD WITH CATERING
you actually asked your coworker?! Can the #DonnerParty attend? I think we'd make great zombie fighters during the apocalypse...
Holy Crap a Manatee Holy Shit Never seen one before, coolness
Just occurred to me how frightfully good is at writing teasers. Terrible for my attention span.
The missionless walk not equipped to rip
RETWEET if u followed so I can follow u:)
and I are seeing our first step show live
How To Predict the Future: Trust Your Gut and Know Your Subject...
Ice cream without sprinkles... Upsetting.
Yuck! I swear it has rained in Ohio at LEAST every other day
haha you would. He's such an awesome dog!
desperate lonely one eyed hoes gotta have someone to hump.
you never know when shit falls from the sky...?!?
Indeed. None of us have a monopoly on knowledge
The #SocialSecurity Trustees predicted 18 shortfalls since 1958. Guess what? SS still here, still going strong
Cheers Matt
Sucks not having internet at my house. :/
I feel like listening to John Mayer right now.
Follow the live tweets from today's business technology seminar! Search #crackingthecode on twitter cc:
GD economics and your laws of supply an demand.
it's Thursday !!!
Only my cousin is in the hospital with the gown and some JEANS on... WHO DOES THAT????? 😳
CLUB TAO SHAKING!!!!
I might have had a shot of tequila before I posted that..
If you want Lobster Mac or Crab Mac you better hurry we have already sold 11 Lobster and 8 Crabs... Only about a dozen of each left today :)
Great. I dont evenn wanna go to school tomorrow. :(
yeah, I would love to see Stamkos get 60 as well! Rangers looking good, I like Tortorella.
Tired of people telling me what color I need to wear ugh...stressing
Just owned Miami hard with a fantastic model that should not be mentioned :) YEAH!!!!
Today is my party inbox the kid or call me if you coming threw its going down
thanks boo you were making me werk. First work out post 1/2 marathon.
ima go bak to sleep its to fuhken early to be up at this time on a Saturday
+1 RT : I hope all the young'uns watching this game really take Duncan in and appreciate him. Truly.
trying to create value chains for edtech strategy. New mantra: one stone, flock of birds (no birds hurt during this tweet of course!)
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free let college coach see you skills
I doubt he'll ever be forgiven. That dog's death will haunt him till his own death, which I think is the truest beauty of it.
WITH THE MOVIE THEATRE BUTTER
that may be a plausible reason. One last UK hoorah.
Here's what I love about the Blazers. You have a guy who doesn't play who makes a great play. Believe in those players who are hungry.
How many of us watched the speech by our PRESIDENT tonight? Some of you were out spending and consuming start a company and hire somone.
In one of those, what the fuck am I doing with my life, moods
Not a big fan of a lot of these "good, new" rappers. Idk where music is going but I wanna go in the opposition direction.
you talkin bout the dude that's said to be right?
lmfao I know, I feel so cool.
I can do that 4 u. Just let me know when is your event?
Follow jong_rivera twitter 
someone at the fda hearing i've been watching all day just mentioned x prize!
stayin home cleaning n gettin my child ready for school tomorrow I just go to school n stay home not a woman who n club or bar
My ears are so hot! Someone must be talking shit!!
Whoever at KY who is letting the IU agreement go south should be fired. Mitchie?
Skyping with my lil brother who is Paraguay! I miss him!
hey what's up thanks for following me
“: Nice picture, she's pretty (: ha screw you. #overit” you tell em! (;
gosh we were just talking on the phone and ur so mean im fina talk to christian
feeding your children right & exercise is just part of good parenting - its as important as a good education.
bout time someone did!
that is true lovin the Ohio weather
I am a dude and I don't want to kiss Christian Beadles. I would love though to meet him and pray with him and all that!
Allan Boyer scores in the bottom of the 3rd to put the Wild Things up 1-0!
yup u bin school today?
Hi Betsy, Glad we connected! Love to send you samples of our to try! Just DM me your address
YOU CAN'T SIT WITH US!!!!
you did awesome tonight! I'm definitely going to watch it next week!
I don't think it's satire. It's not consistent enough on any position.
": I gave in to temptation and watched the video for "Moves Like Jagger." That curiosity killed three or so cats." LOL
Ooh, Mobile Uplink? (kidding) Awesome, Thank you, Sirs and drive safe.
geez that pool looks small
Emmy award winning series premieres online "Alien Invaders" 06/02 a doc on the Lionfish Invasion!!!
At this time in 2 weeks I will be on American soil. So weird to think about.
Id rather b at the #metgala.. #What #Cloe'callme
I bet it was. I guess you will be a Lobo now haha They better thank drake haha
possibly Shaky over Swain, mainly due to punt/kick return abbilties.
Twitter relaxes me. lol.
Justin thoughT tht u & megan wer n relation !!! _keeps staring at you^
all the kid had to do was be an adult and talk with the school. You can think your faux outrage had something to do w it tho
I love my love muffin.
S. Jackson 's team building workshop was A1. already learning new things.
#HowAboutWe just wait for now
Your like a bitch with no ass you ain't got shit
i see on youre bio youre no longer a Social Media Wizard, you are just a Social Media Intern now, practicing black magic huh
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH. this proves that I need to go to bed .. Awkward .. Time to delete that tweet ;)
I think tanking is way worse than what Lawrie did.
My son has a soccer game today!
OMG!! i hope i can go ill have to beg if i cant ill be so sad</3 will he ever come to Boston??
hey I follow u now beautiful, please follow back!?
bout damn time
How about finding an article or piece of news that interests you, something you want to comment on?
Holy shit, Bradley Whitford & Pete from The League's love child sounds like Jim Nantz
Seeing tomorrow. Waited over 6 years to see/meet them. Hope I don't cry :P
Falling asleep waiting for joey to call
Apparently dressing like a lesbian is the new style for girls.
Awesome start to the morning when I find out one of my childhood heroes retweeted me
Now That I Am Older I don't care where my spouse goes, just as long as I don't haveto go along.
Marine Lance Corporal Zach Smith, 19, of Hornell was killed while serving our country in Afghanistan.
Gotta love the text mesagges i wakeup to
RT More for the falls arts preview: RT : Arcimboldo Exhibit at National Gallery of Art East Building
Lord, help me. This line is long as eff.
Herman Cain is a hot mess
#Cancers are very responsible, cautious and capable of doing their job up to the mark. They are all about themselves.
Gym+sweat - stress-anxiety = relief
no I'm not interesting enough to blog and you know I've never been shy about talking to you directly.
bahahaha. sweet girl! that girl is a slutty bitch. geeze.
Apparently the #Broncos did enough Tebowing for Manning!
You bet. They were delicious.
Deadline to apply for the 2012 Southwestern Black Student Leadership Conference is today @ 5pm. Turn Apps in the Student Leadership Center
I like him. He makes me laugh. Just analyzing it all in my head now lol.
BRICKTOWN BAR CRAWL THURSDAY FROM EDMOND OR NORMAN FOR $15 EACH! Contact us for special pick-ups of 10 or more passengers. 405.447.2446
RT : #FF & pledge to drive distraction free!
hahaha, funny guy, why the hell not I'll even get ya premium parking... :-)
Horny hour just started 1/2 off all drinks all night. 2011 s. 1street
RT : Best quote on walk-ons from "if you get a scholarship out of high school it proves u can play HSl fball
Happy Reading Day, undergrads! Enjoy your day off from classes, but try to get some studying in, too. ;-)
I am not pregnant.
I love skyes vagina.
It's geared to tip it. I prefer print, but the costs of ebooks are intentionally lower, so print suffers.
tomorrow.. 3 point shootout at chelsea piers against called by We spot you 15 points!
R.I.P. Gary Carter
Everyday is a great day to aim for more in your life :)....
Just had revelation in Macys JrDept fit. room that I'm a grown ass woman & there's a reason why GAW shouldn't wear clothes made 4 13 y/o's.
Darling, maybe it's the same restaurant?! ;)
wine or hot cocoa and baileys? That's what I am trying to decide between!
the cuban coffee down there is amazing...have a cup for me :)
Turkey Burger sliders :) 4 #ppv each #weightwatchers That's what's on my plate! #health Making major changes to the life I'm livin'
Im Still Super Hype On How Follows Me!!!!
your wedding was beautiful! I cried<3 you looked stunning. And everything looked amazing!
There's a chapter of the new book on GRRM's website. It doesn't help much, but it is a bit more.
can't wait to have a dance party witchu fools. I MISS YOU ALL.
Old testament. Definitely one of my favorite classes. And Tuesday is one of my favorite days. =D it all works out. Lol
Glad you liked, Peter. :-)
when are you going to run sattillites for the 10k showdown in Hollywood?
I'm a software engineer who sunburns easily and watches a lot of TV. I think indoorsy is an understatement. :-)
How did I miss you? I do miss you. Glad you liked them.
it's also new moon in tours ... a month of healing it ends on May 21.
#Spurs up 14pts
cant get her off my mind
your welcome! hope you having a Happy New Year as well!
my head hurt...i feel like im gettin high blood pressure
theyre such cool guys and great musicians! i met them too haha i ran into them at 6 flags.
Market Leader Launches Comprehensive Best Practices and Education Program to Help Real Estate Customers Accelerate ...
Thanks, we try! :)
Looking forward to tonight's #RachelZoe Project, but I don't know why.
Excellent point. More time has not proven to help in the last eight instances.
omg it IS my birthday this week, Friday to be exact.
This movie Christine on amc is so good
whats wrong pal =(
Da weekend almost here.
Ha, no worries. I saw you leave just had to give you some grief.
Easy compadrae! If you want to throw down fisticuffs, fine. Ive got and waiting for ya, right here.
Scandal can be TIVOed.
Wow! This codeine is unbelievable.....
Going thru the 13 steps I'm stuck I'n anger & denial!
whenn my hand made contact with your ass ;) hahaha
Never mistake activity for achievement.
communicationenhanced, social interactions advance, a Thumball celebration...come join the conversation! www.thumball.com
sure thats what they all say. nosa im just joking with you Lol
These niggas did NOT tell me if im spose 2 be going 2 da club w them or not today
It's crazy seeing the little ones growing up taking the wrong paths you didn't take... #reflections of what would've been
Listen, coordinate things with , I don't have much patience
ed: that goal was bc of Semin!
Bghnymjufvr im so tiredd ... And i still have to be in school for another 4 hours...
Geographical arguments about Kathy Acker, why not.
if you're on your profile page, try clicking the little world icon and you should be able to see your cities on a map
Woo Woo .... #nyr vs #devils ...rangers vs kings Stanley cup finals!!!
All good. Our clients just want green, understated, and socially responsible
Does anyone know anything about Dr. joel furhman who is selling this 3step health system?! Scam or legit?!
Amen! RT Finally, a great idea: Dont fence in the beer gardens!
at Whole Foods in Hillcrest at 7th & Univ today 10am-4pm. Visit booth & sign up free registration & 30 mins free drive time.
also agreed. And he's sexy. Rawr
I'd rather show u y dey hate me den tell u bout my hataz ANYDAY....#QueenTalk!!!
I'm in a hot wheel
#www.gwclaw.com Put Illinois largest personal injury and workers' compensation law firm to work for you.
A post is forthcoming about trash strewn across the city, let us know about any garbage in public spaces
If it was up to me, youd be with me right now, in my bed, me holding you, kissing you and never letting you go."
thx for sharing. gorgeous works of architecture!
#MINDBLOWN RT : #KnowledgeOfTheDay If you Google "Ghetto" it's a place not a state of mind. Thank you Tenisha
hmm. it's working fine. you on phone? If so i haven't done the phone app yet.
No dinner for me. I ate all the grapes.-andrew pytlik
passed 2 people on my walk to campus this morning.
I need more followers lol big sis help me out lol
pocket frog ate my week
I can tell you a hough by the pose in your avi
Ah, the first late train of the #nerdtrain trip. And it's the last train of the trip, scheduled to arrive to 1:30 AM back in DC.
lol i could tell!!! i even said to myself "she must be in the RT complaing stuff mood." lol
Orlando, FL from $469* INCLUDES 3 nights,Walt Disney World® Dolphin. FEATURES shuttle to Walt Disney World®, Sea World® & Universal...
Lol watching ABDC just can't help saying YEAHH Buddy
If I had your voice, I never would talk again. I would sing everything!
It was Tom's ONLY steady job, he was the assistant worship leader and David wrote and amazing letter of recom. for us!
how was the big OKC ?!
ANTM study break
Chillin at my friend's house getting my sip on. This mane house is so freaking huge and beautiful. Just gorgeous!
she of course wants to go out drinking instead. I just reminded her that she's 18 with no fake ID.But she is 21 with heels on
Glad you and you're family were safe through that. Could you hear the tornado?
prepping 4 a staff dev session on teachers using twitter. Whole campus reading your book & moving forward! Great job!
Have to watch out for those babies, you never know when one will pull a gun.
tonights episode was SICK!!!! Finally a great episode.. What about Jasons visitor?!? OMG! What the F is Arlene going to do?
TGIF & thank you fantastic new followers (hey girl!)
WHAT! going tubing without us!?!?
Kick ass, Michael! Hope to see you on Sunday!
Not everyone who accesses you sees you on TV. Still think it've been better to have SATURDAY in header of the page.
I saw you today!
Pride and Prejudice, the Web Diary Edition - TIME
thinking that there should be a girls night soon
I feel like sometimes I have no one and no body cares about me.
you should do a duet with your sisters !!!!!!! <3
Social Media Lab : Killer Content series. Stories and videos rule.
haha! Thanks to Ivan for zooming in!!!!
New Orleans bound to cheer on the CATS!!
we just sang happy birthday to you& you didn't wake up lol love you pretty girl :) hope you have a great day 😊
connecting the Mac to the tv with a VGA blew the tv! #techhelp #pleasehelp!
Thanks for the retweet! I guess you can tell I don't twitter as much as I FB!
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
"...don't screw it up, Nathan." *Nathan proceeds to screw it up*
Want your high school games broadcasted?! Contact us at today!
was so easy!
"Seven days without laughter makes one weak." -Mort Walker
but they lost!! Haha!
Peanut butter burger? For reals?
What do you mean Mike isn't Monette's secret love-child? WTF! I totally read in a comic I can't be arsed to find now!
Thanks for the follow ;)
While i am definitely a wine & vodka girl (although not together lol), i really enjoyed our Tequila 101 tasting!
CFers, have any of you gotten migraines while on IV antibiotics?
Yeah I always wondered that
let's see. rode in a limo for the first time partied all the way to the hotel. shopping then catching a plane home tomorrow. life's good. :)
nice. I have some stuff to play you... Ever heard of KING? ()
Here's to Rockin' in the rain festival
I know, I know. It was either coffee or dairy . It was a difficult decision, but in the end I think I did the right thing
Take long enough to be safe :) RT : Car repair this morning for hubby- hope it does not take long!
Descern your relationship, some relationshipships are seasonal ans some are for a lifetime!
www.miamiherald.com/2010/10/23/1887752/body-of-missing-kayaker-found.html -- Body of missing kayaker found off Cocoa Beach
I love Austin more than a fat kid loves cake. seriously though
I should upload this mad ass Bitch; lmbo that would be mean though
I clicked on the link but there's an internal error. Thought you'd want to know
Gingrich, Romney on Dream Act: No citizenship if you go to college, yes if you join the military. Read books? Fuck you! Shoot well? Welcome!
Maybe you need a creme brulee beignet eating contest,too.
Working for you!!
More Love, More Power, More of You in my Life
Having to force myself from reading all the 1D Facts...
Thanks for the follow Kevin! Hope you are well
Haha, That Made My Day! .x
Grigoriy Burtayev - "Every Adam and Eve had own Glory and Happiness, behind their fails, under the Tree.."
HAHA! I had my new one for a month now. All my other ones get screwed up! It sucks!
Risk Revival is probably one of the most underrated indie records of all time. Existence & Rejoinder are my favorite songs of that year.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - can establish what role each spouse has in a business now or in the future.
Anybody know ifPerkins School for the Blind and/or Boston Anthanaeum are on here? I'm having trouble finding both.
Exciting find: #homemovies of #Omaha, Neb. African American community residents & activities, late 1930s-early 1940s. Soon to be online!
#CeNation come check out the new pics (:
kobe meet leonard lol <3 it
#FowlerCanFly damn still has that speed we all love!
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
I have an idea: for National Teacher Appreciation Week could folks just hold it together. i don't need dinner, just a lower level of chaos
excuse me, what?
Did anyone else feel that #earthquake ?? Nothing like a little wake up to start your week!
guessing 3 hours sleep before Accessibility Camp DC will have to do. See you all at MLK library. 901 G St NW, Room 215.
Back out on the #Bricks at 6:38 with some cooler weather today, but warmer weather soon!
Free ticket to Wilco? Don't mind if I do.
Green , sticky, breath taking...
Exercise is so painful after one month of just sitting in front of a computer. I need to find a way to exercise while working. Any ideas?
thanks for the shout out. Looking forward to seeing u and everyone at the Milwaukee junction entrepreneur week!
This isn't the right context, but "true knowledge exists in knowing u know nothing.." leggo
ok wow so being called "Butter" and or "country crock" is a huge complement!...
had a great conversation over the phone with a really nice friend...
You should expand your news sources beyond the RW echo chamber.
If you are following shout out the twitter for all fans and athletes to follow
Which means I'm one degree and 25 years of accomplishment away from having The Anfield Road End named after me.
Ariel Investment's Mellody Hobson: Why Patience and Diversity Lead to Better ...
wow, congrats on your win. I know that you must work hard for those moments of glory!
New Bizarre magazine has a suspension article by featuring me, and lots more! go check it out!
Wtf is wrong with my phone rite now..
I did! Thanks for having dinner with me!!:)
#PutHoeInTheTitle JLo- My Hoes Don't Cost A Thing
agreed, it's just a matter of time.
Crystal Castles in about 90 min. Suuns up first at the Roseland. Let's do this.
its the age of the aquarian.. im an aquarius.. its crazy
Twitter always comes first!!!!! Hell yeah!!!
for my organization, the digital native isn't a myth it's the future. Engage and involve the future!
Sometimes marketing is a real pain.
A Saison's effervescence will clean the palate of the cheese sauce,while its spice notes offer the dish a depth.
In 2 years :) RT : The fact that ima be graduating next year>>>>
You'll HATE us if you like over paying and bad customer service. Let us show you what a real contractor should be like.
numero uno: you're a douche for starting to watch #arresteddevelopment now. numero dos: that's my favorite quote.
Well hello San Francisco. It's been too long!
happy birthday STUD.
love your texts
rest test
Dude, these are great! Thanks so much for sharing! :)
gotta make a decision after i graduate high school on what ima do
Congratulations to them! Could we please post that photo on our site?
Thank you sweetie! I hope all is well with you in NYC!
Going to my cousins birthday party today! :D
Wow, Beautiful as usual!! I'll check in with you after the 24th! Thank you!! They are going to love it!
Thrilled to have you guys here. Just got a look at the eco scooter! So very cool.
Vegan Prawns are just a vehicle for cocktail sauce. But, I guess that's okay.
kevin hart a funny lil dude lol
We are off and running! First meeting yesterday on creating a space museum in the Carolinas!
"Shake that ass Watch ur self Shake that ass Show them Wat ur workin with" -kelly,13 Lmfao! Cause she is sexy and we all know it
Ugh, #House. My faith in TV characters' humanity is dashed. I "lobed" them! :'(
My life has never been more student-centered.Online meetings ,11pm,12am, etc. Life for tech-based #Qual researchers. But it is worth it!
Santa Monica Pier for the day!
so rude.
I growled at my kids this morning as I passed them their bowls of cereal.
Stop supporting #SOPA !!!
that's a mouth watering tweet.
. follow on twitter people with 1:1 classrooms and get involved in the discussion. I have learned most of what I know from my PLN
I spent $83 on groceries today. But in my defense, I really wanted that diet Hansens.
RT The FBI has arrested a man who allegedly hacked dozens of Hollywood celebrities, including Scarlett Johansson.
daryldorsey.com is about to take off to help you move forward!
here comes the heat again :-(
☺Life is full of frustrations and challenges- but eventually you find a dress you like.
ur my go to man for anything tech savvy etc. sitting w/ u for 2 minutes I learn a million things lol
now that's an idea worth considering
why is no one talking about how the "payroll tax cut" confirms the notion that the social security lockbox is a lie?
Dem's: stop demagoging entitlement reform and scaring people with ridiculous ads showing granny pushed off a cliff. We need a conversation.
I think we should release him, where has he been all season!! get in Del Piero if SAF needs someone with experience..
Re: Hair question. Two votes for it's rude/impolite, one vote for it's a compliment, and brings up a good point.
me too! I'll have to see what's in my queue. but first…gym time #ugh lol
I don't need a radio. Music all the time. Today woke up humming Toni Braxton's He wasn't man enuff for me. Oh the irony lol
haha oh alright. (:
I'm at the point where I'm ready to #votecthulhu2012 we don't need the lesser evil anymore...
I met your brother and today :D <3 they are such amazing guys.
if you want to do lunch, and I will be at sandy's...
hey dom thanks for bringing Jynae.
I know! It's so great!
Nothing to do on rainy days
#BHM Fact: Today was the day the 13th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which abolished slavery, was adopted by the 38th Congress.
please don't!
Doing a little work on loyalists' libraries today, just for some Patriot's Day irony
So much info in last #GenieFair2012 session! Lots of records at US Citizenship & Immigration Services unavailable elsewhere.
thank you :)
because u don't say hi to me
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
Glad my gram isn't suffering anymore but man this hurts ...it's too many deaths too soon
Oh dear me. School then work then home then sleep! Tata my day is jammed packed :)
Calling all Students - We have many ad hoc temporary assignments throughout the summer, Interested? Call 01636 701702
THIS BOSTON #REDSOX #REDSOXNATION GIRL LONGS FOR HER IDIOTS...
: I like your interview process!
Done and done! Thanks.
Talked with friendly librarians and researchers about new content and features in ProQuest databases while in Manhattan.
No one wants to hang with boring people!! Show people the real you! Don't hold back !Be crazy be wacky be live be comfortable being YOU!
yeah, hopefully
Its almost here. Had some setbacks..but we never said it would be easy! Ur gonna love the new me!
Had a great day learning new things and adapting new projects. On my way to better things
new grumpymoparman vlog his view on the tiger wood speech funny @ spoofcommercials channel on youtube.
There were a dozen cupcakes in the break room here today. That helped.
First Chai, now mocha...about to get a green tea latte myself (@ Starbucks too)
Fuck, jay broke his finger, fuck
Exactly, anything is possible..lol
Maybe its just the people you know just hearing about it lmao
molly! this is adam--saw your dad, tweet to u about your chocobunny.
Emergence Capital Co-Founder Jason Green Appointed to National Venture Capital Association Board
Building studio all day with Now watching the Jersey Shore cuz its fucking dope =P
You did an amazing job!
Yeah right! :)
Biology STAAR is going to kick my white ass 😒
“we should love, not fall in love. because everything that falls, gets broken.” - taylor swift.
#ThatOnePerson You Always See,& When You & Your "BESTFRIEND" Aren't Friends You're Like damn Why Weren't We Friends Instead
Thanks, Matt! Can't wait for this season. It's going to be a fun one!
yeah you can lol
Book publishing is 'cranking up the machine' - when is it worth it?
- Hi, we only have one cupcake bakery that has vegan, 2 flavors, absolutely inedible! I was so bummed. I am in Oklahoma City.
it is pointless to get mad about twitter. Especially if u haven't been spoke about or mentioned in a bad way. Plz refrain from that.
MARGARET at #WiFilmFest -- self-dramatizing teen girl confronts a tragedy. Sprawling, messy. So is life. Long. So is life, if we're lucky.
Let us know what you do to make money.
hmm... need a sax player this summer? It's a total long shot.. trying to come up with a scheme to be able to take my
Hahahaha been there
And we really love u tweet back. THANX!
Can't wait to see you on #DWTS Go Double D Go!
oh ok koo
face &music always calms me down!!!!!
I think knowing that you'll never mean nearly as much to a person as they mean to you is the worst feeling in the universe.
#StrickerCutStreak You can put a fork in it. Bogey, double puts him +5 with 5 to play. Awesome streak Strick!
Happy Lovers Day lookout for the gift that keeps on giving, may it not come to you.
": Yes, I do adore parsnips, too. In fact, I might like every vegetable that has a -nip in it." Me too! Roast 'em. YUM
Wife just had baby, Ford F-150 IIHS top safety pick, will wrap the truck with image of Chad riding DejaBlu and PBR logos
Start your weekend with one of over 35 whiskies or a delicious craft brew! They go great with our now-famous burgers!
sad panda!! What project? Are you on Ravelry?
and I almost forgot, HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3 I hope you have a fantastical day! woot!
Welcomr to the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV family.
Who's a part of my team?! We're taking over!!
