There's a blackboard at Stanford with DNE on it that says otherwise.
best band ever!
Art Litho is hiring! Experienced Sales Reps needed: Fluent in Print, Direct Mail and Marketing. Baltimore and DC markets. DM for more info.
MSU President Lou Anna K. Simon in statement: "(Izzo's) decision is a winner for all of Team MSU."
The privilege was mine Reneta! I just want more and more people to eat there so they stay open. Good lunch crowd today.
Tyrann Mathieu said hes looking up all the bama players mothers names for talking on the field lmao...someones gonna get hurt
Hm. Sounds familiar.
You never get a 2nd chance to make a 1st impression. What outfit made the worst impression this summer?
Lol Sometimes I feel just like that!
thats a lie -.- I lovee your name its pretty (:
Red Square = marketing zoo. Good thing I'm still set on for #Georgetown !!
This weather is amazing! At last! Cold weather has come along! My jacket comes out of the closet and life is like a song!
Welcome back to another fabulous session at the ELI! Pick up your schedules now in Trabant, Room C. See you there!
All kinds of equality! Yes! RT : Have just signed the petition that I stand with Prez O on marriage equality.
Thanks for the RT!
85% of teams that win game 3 win the series says sportcenter!
55 minutes until my birthday!
I've never been one to walk alone but it's time to reach for something more, to wanna live a better life. 'Cause nothing stays the same.
i know lol whenever they come out w/ stuff like "i bet you didnt know.." and im like "bitch i knew 3 months ago on tumblr"
Yeah, that joke was pretty awful.
Did you know that Joseph Lee invented a bread-making machine that mixed the ingredients and kneaded the dough in 1895?
Bhus stop ah :/ I no want school!!
Today is going to be a good day. How do I know? Determined to make it so...
First Subs, yummy! The lady was friggen deaf
Exciting times!
The Late Mr. Belvedere
"Home Boy" shortlisted for the DSC prize for South Asian Literature
Back to work, ugh
ohh man but thats dope thoe , i would want to work at a movie theater , thats easy
I'm envious of you. I was walking by all the food trucks in Farragut today thinking, there needs to be a Dino BBQ food truck here
Sent you an email...
I wish I had a phone.. :( im jellin..
I can't. I'm fangirling now. His jaw... Don't get me started...
she's pretty cool.
Yep! Are you coming out to the show??
provides excellent service at Meffert's BP. Give the man a raise
Be all that you can be today and be grateful for what you have
It's not every day that your boyfriend calls to say that he's shooting a music video and an 18ft python just arrived.
Its safe to say when stress in the home increase due 2 unemployment & other hardships, domestic violence increases.
Congrats to my son Jonathan for his awesome 3rd place win at the school geography bee! I am so proud of you!
Don't hit me up, if you don't know how to hold down a conversation
Oh fuck off... lmaooo... I have been away for a bit too
Carroll: 3. Magnify sci disagreements 4. Exaggerate potential harm. 5. Appeal to personal freedom
Awesome! Thanks for celebrating #MKEDAY, everyone!
SHOUT AND FOLLOW ME?? <3
Chillin,what u been doing
I just read some of your blog it's great, really !
Thanks, Dan! Our students will launch their project during our SCI meeting on Tuesday, so don't mind me if I fall out of my chair.
Greatest night in a very long time.
I totally have my cough now but thoroughly enjoyed #reasonrally :)
The winner of our $50 American Express Card Giveaway is Melissa Reichner. Thanks to everyone who completed the registration survey
I actually used insulated pliers and a paperclip when I was 4, because they also taught me about insulators.
.NET user group tonight in Brown Deer... I just wish Brown Deer was a little closer to Waukesha... :)
TY for the invite to a great event #mobile #analytics ! Look forward for more upcoming events!
Anyone want to Skype?
apparently everyone stayed home from school today. and once again #summervacation #ilovecollege ;D
never got it
We need a great half here
Thanks for answering my question, ! I already use Hootsuite, so I'm glad to know it's your platform of choice.
Woke up this morn feeling like tenderized chicken thighs (don't ask, use your imagination), but I'm grateful!
That's awesome! They didn't invite you down?
lol...the applications are endless. For ex if you're not sure what to serve at your Cinco de Mayo party....
When you run out of bullets grab rocks.
cool let me when a good time is. What the time difference? It's 3:00 p.m. Mst here
its not like you said "who wants to be with ME", you made a general statement : )
I care too much, but I let em go too easily..
#Gadhafi Sons free. I can smell Propaganda
cow bells and cold biscuits to the face...not the Sunday brunch I was expecting
It's good to know that people born in 1993 still know what the Macarena is.
#BigSuccessSA is the correct hash tag tonight at the Omni for #bigbrothersbigsisters celebrating all our donors and volunteers.
A break up is like entering a valley where it rains and rains with no knowledge of the next ray of sunlight.
mile marker 92.0 let's see how long it takes to get to 91.0...
we wanna do it
Kids fr off th street club here 2day, selling ice cream to raise money for summer camp. sugar bump comes @ 3:30.
Livin’ After Midnight at the YMCA. Dig it.
amazing to see collaborate with the more we can grow the integrative therapy program the better
": Where is everyone planning to watch the Draft on Thursday?" Only place to be in Milwaukee is of course!
Love my girls at work...Sonic Happy Hour just saved my afternoon!
you really need to work on a better public transp evening conn between College Park & Bmore.
Reflect w/my virtual hug. :-)
Evan is a little slow, that's all
Nosy old me sitting in airport. Whatch'all gossiping about?
Always do the things u fear most
your mom I said Hi
Have you joined ITR yet?
U guys would all Love Austin Tx.
I need to go to sleep.
I was asked today if I was Nice or Good...
What will make a difference in the lives of people with down economy as everyone has so many problems. This makes a BIG difference....
“Say hello to my little friend … he works on the popcorn counter”. Before he was famous Al Pacino was a cinema usher
It cracks me up how much where I work creates traffic around this time of day and again from 4-5pm.
I'm a twit; degenerate, young rebel and proud of it.
Rio 3D! Not quite Toy Story 3 but still a very adorable, romantic, family movie!
think like a man
When was the last time you tried something new?
hey Barney can you give me the full playlist from your "get psyched" cd? I need to get psyched.
That's my shiiiiiiit!
Dear Juliet, I'm tossing rocks at your window. Big ones. That don't reach the window.
It's Friday, Enjoy the weekend!
If u were turned away 4 free slush tix exchange=Our mistake>Come back w/ ur ticket & we will honor>apologies 4 misunderstanding
Hello, welcome to Twitter; how's our "counterpart" in Branson doing?
why thank you my neighbor was planning on removing them and decided to make banzai… Wax on wax off
Those girls on "My Super Sweet 16" that get pissed when daddy buys them the wrong car. B*tch, I don't even have a bike.
you may
#icantgoadaywithout Accomplishing Something...I Feel If I Dont Then My Whole Day Is Wasted
Every day. RT : “You must write, and read, as if your life depended on it.”― Adrienne Rich
Haven't followed Casey Anthony case but 1 min b4 verdict announced I predicted non guilty just by looking at juror faces...interesting
What....there was a super bowl...who got high?!
Wine Berry Red Plum
My iPhone has officially fallen and cracked
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND <3
Day 2 of iPad trial. Got any good apps for me to check out, #librarians?
Today in science: 1000uL Blue Tips discontinued, now "clear" tips.
Girl I know it hurt but if this world was perfect then we could make it work but I doubt it
Thank you
Cubs to retire No. 31...worn by Fergie Jenkins and Maddux.
Gotta love a good beer school. What's homework like?
If I have online 'haters' does this mean I have achieved a certain level of success? Or just that I 'suck'?
The tickets are yours! Email and we will get you hooked up!
can I get myself out and about to make it to the comic shop and or the toy store? damn, this is going to require actual movement.
Jack White almost went to seminary but instead became a rock star. I did the opposite. Except almost becoming a rock star.
Awww... Charlie should've been there :( however things ended, he made the success of that show possible.
The point is to use messages & objects instead of many arguments. It leads to simpler, more extensible code.
we miss you.. Please come visit this week!
sparrowkane facebook, check us out!
Forgot what a Drama Queen Deckard Cain was.
Thanks for following me on twitter and welcome!
Amazing, that's probably 2 miles from my house. Far shorter drive :) maybe if this Chargers thing doesn't work out...
Where have all the mailboxes gone? They keep disappearing, one by one, from D.C. streets.
Dear vendors, I'm not naming names, but just know that 90's clip art is not ok
as soon as the weather warms up...........can't wait!
I'm just glad the whole EP is almost done as far as producing. The writing part is a little tedious cuz I want the lyrics to be perfect
that's a strike my number is in ur email I'm over twitter. Send me a text it's faster.
that nigga is gay, but funny lol
I really need to add that to my Netflix Queue. As a film nerd, I'm ashamed I haven't seen it yet.
aha hahahah that is the funniest thing ever
totally appropriate because it is!
I couldn't stop, but I do agree with your comments on the BCS for sure...
I am at work acting like I'm working. I'm really working on music for a Billie Holiday / Nat "King" Cole Tribute at The Jazz Showcase!
Looks like Nic Johnson is on for USA to start the 2nd half
Wishing you a happy and spectacularly productive Wednesday because, well, I just felt like it!
Turkeys can reproduce without having sex. It's called parthenogenesis. #odd facts
My last ap test of junior year is tomorrow morning. Ap english
Can't stop the economic drivers. A vendor wants to know my birthday, my kids' names, take me to lunch/golf, all so he can sell
... i mean corie or
ALWAYS. And no one can take that away from us and our "fronts"
how did we do?
Montana bound! Excited for the weekend griz playoff game and my sister will be playing for a national championship
oh darn. This is 2nd grade all over again. FAIL. 👎
Huge #FF to you!
Watching good hair it makes me want to keep rockin my natural hair out
i follow a girl on tumblr & travis barker is like her 4th uncle true story
I've learned much from teachers - still learning from teachers in my past, in new ways, as I look back while I move forward.
did you experience the data issues? I was impressed w/ how fast the update was released.
OH GOD IT'S AWFUL, NEVERMIND!!!
i injured my wrist n forearm :( not good wuaa...pain killers do ur job asap lol :b jiji
R.I.P. Junior Seau
BEING THE LAST FUCKING SHOWER IN THE HOUSE, PISSES ME THE FUCK OF!!!
I don't know the specifics about liver cleansing so I'm not sure. Sorry!
I enjoy talking to he is nice!!!
i prefer iPhone apps. :)
Yup, right there in the middle. RT : I don't think Dark Shadows is Fresh or Rotten.
THANKS!!!!! GO #TEAMBLACK. Can't wait to see the show Saturday.
good shit, myrogi. congrats on the new gig.
at least a month now. :)
Scrum halfway
yes! Have fun
the weather is just AWESOME tonight!
Oh and don't act like yall didn't make your barbies fornicate..
We reviewed 3 eCommerce websites, going over the actions they need to take which you can apply to your own eCommerce website
Would love to work with you in LA, I'm 's trainer! Please follow. #FF RT
In just two days I'm heading to #mom2.0 - looking forward to catching up with folks. Who is going?
yes let's catch up soon. Having some visitors this weekend, but how's Monday look for you? xo
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
sorry. I don't drink coffee! LOL
no I wish! I'm zoned for bonanza but I'm not too far. I might get a variance :))
Of course, Loyola and Canisius, who are in the same conference in most sports, aren't in lacrosse. Makes sense.
It needs to be 7!!
Just layed down to cashin out. Its dead well be having a funeral service tomorrow on youtube after the engineer gets done mixing!!
I always feel bad about going to the vet. She insists on getting Draco neutered but my parents want to wait a year so he can grow.
Just saw a NISMO sticker on a RX-8. Seriously!? I know 90% of u won't know what I am even talking about, but the owner is a moron.
hey what's the number I text to vote for RNG??
I'm happy to announce that Ex Libris is officially launched! Contact me at for more info :)
We now have a factory direct partner in China and US to build Promo Marketing Items from scratch; dependable, guaranteed and scaleable.
Pu-er tea can be sold in loose leaf or compressed form. We hand-roll our Pu-er tea into balls that can be easily brewed about 20-30 times!
going to watch american idol laterr . letss go hailey .! (:
Muy disappointed that I'll have to miss the ONE relevant session at all of ALA.
So , i thought i was goin to sleep
The age-old dilemma: run at the gym or go to tap class?
sorry MMA rules
After hard work, I fixed my schedule. Let's hope it last until 11:30 tmrw.
100%, #BYOP (bring your own product)
I'm staring at dolphins. Saw a dead rooster on the shore today, which was weird. Been too long since I spent this much time at the beach.
#iplspring counterargs: TM is PLACEMENT mark of the color only on sole; no likelihood of conf. b/w only red sole vs. monochromatic red shoe
Watching "Friends" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Stupid twitter, fucking up.
After School Got Real
Just wanted to say is lovely :) oh and I'll be coming to NYC in June!
off to the library to get some things done! I want to be pleased with my progress today.
Will do!!
Im kinda excited to go to school tomorrow for some reason.
": Spurs will beat the Heat in June. Miami will lose to a Texas team in finals 2 times in a row. #SpursNation #GoSpursGo!!!
Check out Replacements song "Attitude." Chorus goes: "They said I had an attitude" but sounds like "had a natitude"
I hope it's the endless freeway montage in Solaris.
Pretty excited everyone is finally complaining about the common breakpoint scheme
just woke up feeling tired, need something to brighten up my senses
#Fishers #BoyScouts Thank you for the RT!
High, as long as the didn't get soggy ;)
Shiftin' gears. Catch you on the flipside.
Bad as fuck, tatted up
Shout out to the female james dean with the lean.... my homie
👍😜😏 why is the winkt face so sexuaal
True for some. Nothing wrong with it.
Man that was crazy! It sounded like something burst and the house shook!
inlander? You live about half a mile from my last apartment...
Thought I Was The Only One.. RT : Opening the shower curtain at night before you pee just in case there's a murder in the tub.
We're working on getting the print versioon out too. Hopefully will time it with the e-version. Out of my hands unfortunately.
Home. I almost went twice around.....but that's what tomorrow is for.
the cadence of hoofing (tap dancing) is so much like the cadence a comedy punchlines. written or delivered. stomp/punch stomp stomp punch.
"How positive are you?" "HIV."
Durant's Dunk... Compared to Blake Griffins earlier this year?? Who's was better... I'm still going with Blakes, but that was nasty!
Happy Thursday! Walk-ins welcome!
25 pages later, Intro to International Relations Research is finally over. the class I loved to hate and hated to love
no problem(:
The Artist.... *crickets*
But Rex? The shotgun is pointed at my head or the tv.
Contentment grows out of the ground of gratitude.
oh sad day :(
“: All of you calling me names and degrading women are no better than I. How dare you judge me!” LAWL, just shutup, #hoeski .
break a leg today missy! Xoxox can't wait to see your red carpet action.
Appropriately, on NFL draft day I managed to pull off a complex three-way reference desk trade.
hey ariana love you :*
In hist pres, do we often fall in the trap of complying with preservation law rather than living w/in the spirit of the law?
I blame Dr. Seuss for only including "blue", "red", "two" and "one" in his entry in the canon.
My favorite movie mom? Elaine Miller from Almost Famous? Yours?
So much love over your letter. And yes, you can say "fuck" in a Christmas card.
Getting ready listening to Joshua Tree.
Delivering pine & oak tree logs over 20 ft long to the lumber mill and will have fresh wood available soon! Check back this evening for pics
towards the end of the current school year, April and may. Then a make-up day over the summer.
IT AIN"T EASY BUT SUMBODY MUST DO IT & THAT" WHY WE DO WAT WE DOES GET N IT N DAY AFTER DAY & KEP N MUTHA F#$CK N AZ SEXXY Page Themes
that's mean
! You should join the server i am on. Skull of duehrjdisjr i dont remember, my friends picked it.
Happy Easter! *starts pop locking to "Easter Pink" by Future*
Kitchen Tip: store your citrus in a basket on the kitchen counter; room temperature citrus relinquishes more juice than cold citrus.
Me to my brain at work this morning: Really? You're feeling anxiety over this stupid edit request. STOP IT!
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not
#scms12 following McGann, sees code comments at a "social private text" : they are relevant: coding as a cultural practice
He doesn't have to "know it" yet, just has to enjoy it. that part is clear!
my hair is all poofy.
We Want Your Nominations! E-Mail your Favorite New Country Artists To: We're Looking for Your Undiscovered Talent!
How did I forget to use twitter yesterday?
yes! how are you? how was christmas and what madness do you have planned for 2012?
Happens every time, at some point they will acknowledge the African American visionaries in entertainment and our buying power
Also, whomever runs the jams here at Garber Field needs to program my iPod.
you haven't tweeted in 5 hrs! miss you! love you so much! so excited for your live chat! hope i can make it! xoxo♥
Awaiting Van Williamson leaving the studio after his last day directing ...
Adidas sambas and starter jackets
When a virus hits the whole family, all I can say is thank god for grandparents.
NICE! #Nationals win the home opener in a weird one.
Work every day Know what time it is Beer thirty ! M
Salem Fire Department receives grant - Statesman Journal
DANG IT whay are all copies of Wandering Fire out at the library??? I huff indignantly.
#3WordsThatDescribeMikeSmith: High Diving Lumberjack
Lunch time! Join us for lunch, we open at noon every Friday!
okay cool thanks
i'm gonna watch glee and eat icecream. that sounds about right.
Spamming the crap out of people ISN'T grindin and if all you talk about is coke then you're a FEEN not a hustler
yeb, project=Deals + priority headings=prospecting, inbound, focus, won, lost + Task= $[deal size] - [deal name]. Clear? cc
Going to bed now, Cal's been sleeping for 2 hours now, lucky bastard.
Finally, belatedly writing up my report for #AAS3rdCentury. Anyone have a URL for the event tweet archive?
Crowd source time - what Google search phrase should OPLIN 'buy' for Ohio Web Library adwords? 'Ohio library'?
Treating myself with chocolate cake on a coolish Sunday night.
I'll be back from Israel (with a husband for Brent) May 7-maybe the 12th or 13th (or both-can we sleep there?)
let's make it happen
We didn't chill with her
are we talking Taylor? i read she's still being sued for $1.5MM, court didn't dismiss charges bwahahaha
introduces its NEW series of mPower Digital Apparel Printers - purpose-built for high-production apparel printing - at
Kerry Wood's retiring tonight? No!
FOLLOW AND #RT TO ENTER Giving loads of women's clothes away next week there will b 10 lucky people aday
Let's just get this petty quiz overwith
"Huge Advertiser Pulls Spots From Facebook" #huffpost That would be GM. They discovered FB ads are useless. I discovered the same!
I can make believe I have everything , but I cant pretend that I dont see , that without you girl my life is incomplete .
A YOUNGIN WANNA FUCK,, JUST LIKE RECENTLY SEEN YOU IN PERSON UMM BUT YOU DON'T KNOW THAT THO
Things are looking pretty good. I'm hoping my medical procedure on Thursday turns up nothing serious.
a private island full of secrets, mystery, mayhem, and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
So, I've survived another Halloween. Unfortunately, so have my neighbor's dogs, who continue to bark incessantly.
is making shit happen!!! Dig it fellas
:I'm soo proud of you guys the band has gone so far don't give up and keep going <3
The Rays are just that good. No worries.
Nothing is really lost by a life of sacrifice; everything is lost by failure to obey God's call.
thanks but—only work with female models.
I'm on my phone most of the time, could you link me to one of them in a tweet?
RT : Why boo Humphries? He got out before the women could ruin his career. Just ask Lamar Odom....poor guy
Hello and thanks for following. Cheers!
10% off any service today by noon in the South Bay area
that might be some of it too ;)
Ah I can't wait to see him again!! Hopefully he comes to sacramento!!! And Reno!! So I could go to both!!
Atlanta radio. Mid day nostalgia.
Enjoying my day off & it's goin great :)
Old Navy has some adorable stuff this season!! RT : They're old navy? wow, so cute!!
Ooh Yes . #2012AustinsYear is ready to ROCK THIS YEAR.
You have 2 hours to pick up last minute gifts! We are open at both @ #QuarryLake & #FellsPoint until 7pm.
Just messing around. Enjoying Austin? Does anyone sleep during SXSW?
#nowthat2pacsback can we go back to looking for my dog!
merging & must require a lot of coordination! What phase is the merger in, & what's the timeline?
- I can't type & drive so I'll just text you when i get home
lmfaoooo you shall join
Lmfao, my thirsty ass meant to put Monday!
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 26
Wrote some music, without even thinking about it. My hands had a mind of their own. End result? Not that badd!
did u got the letter
if you don't turn that frown upside down, we are going to have a problem.
I think if you kept those delicious-looking muffins as close to the edge of the counter as possible, they would stay much fresher.
I'd agree. If we thought Brady & Moss was phenomenal, wait till folk C Manning & Moss. (esp. W/ threat of Gore)
He can make her cry.. But seeing her cry makes his heart break too..
I just finished watching "The Rum Diary", a Hunter S. Thompson novel with Johnny Depp. Awesome!
Don't listen to . Guy's a jerk.
We are getting our final mastered songs back this week who wants to hear a new song next week ?
today is my birthday and ive had the best day ever. love u baby and abbe
This week we've got the Chicano Comedy Allstars on Tuesday, Mo Mandel Wed-Sat and the SF Comedy Showcase on Sunday
♬ On this day in 1995, In our wonderful business of music, new technology is christened in the form of "MP3" ♬
Yeah I Hate It, Pisses Me Off! *Spud* x
Ugh, Gotye. "rough" the new overdramatic word.
Thank you for safely transporting my girls. One to London. One to LA.
Black eye goldenshowers
YES or NO R short words which need long thought. Most of the troubles in Life R the result of saying 'Yes' 2 soon or 'NO' 2 Late
RT : Excited to see all my LA tweeps at the tonight! NEW LOCATION. SmithHouse. 7pm-midnight. Deets on website.
Forecast for Monday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73 inland....
today sux a ton
At least that car can't be stolen. RT : Guy Fieri will be the honorary pace car driver at next Sunday's Indianapolis 500.
We are off to the Lone Star State for a conference and wish everyone a great weekend! What's one fact about your state you want to share?
I want to see!
<<< :-) there's a whole big world out here! Go to sleep!
Build array of validation errors, json encode, post of display controller
I'll never completely stop though because I love doing it. It'll probably come from my web cam though because I have many other things going
Stuffy nose
If you wrote anything down, could you send me a picture of what you have for cell type roles & tissues?
I wonder what would do if his son came out as bi. Bi and trans youth deserve the same support as gay and lesbian youth.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear "I cheated on you."
There's no such thing as falling in love anymore. It's all lust and sexual attraction
I can't make myself forget
Resolution that's proving to be the hardest? Getting up by 9AM on a daily basis. Ain't easy for this girl who works nights!
Who Are the &#39;30 Outstanding Women in Finance&#39;? Treasury & Risk Magazine Names 2012 Rankings
Be Yourself! "Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." Dr. Seuss
Join authors Cheryl Glenn & Lori Gray for a Hodges Harbrace anniversary party happening RIGHT NOW at Wadsworth booth 101!
I do now. Billy Ocean will stick in my head all day now.
Going home and drugging myself up with midol. is it possible to overdose?
not hard for me sir buwahaha
...Guess I should have mentioned it was back in high school. Still funny as fuck tho
We love thanks for supporting Marty and Marissa!
Any video steaming modules out there for node yet?
It's been like that for years RT : Man, when Melo goes to the bench the green light goes off in J.R. Smith's head.
Finally got a job in Florida goodbye Memphis.
we drive a lot through the night ;)
awww, it can't be that bad, I'm sure u r busier today than yesterday
I did! I was the second one!(:
If you work in a business casual environment, how do you maintain a professional image? Share your tips
why doesn't he follow u?
Here's to the directioners who respond to 'One Direction' faster than they do to their own name.
Why am I such a sweet heart
lol I'm a cool kid. :D but it wasn't the same bc I'm a girl merp :/
Advertising is about norms and ideals, aspirations and prejudices. It's about culture.
Fantastic Week! Thanks for everything! See you back in Uris!
I realize this will offend many of you, but I do not believe in the Oxford comma. There, I said it.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.
I just wish she believes me and not everyone else
Saying the word Ask correctly.
Well that concludes another great season of #9O21O. Can't wait until season 5:)
we <3 LIGHTS, so we'll consider it! :)
Hey folks, what is the opposite of homeless to you? Finish this sentence: "From homeless to ______________"
Made myself chocolate chip pancakes and pork roll
good morning:)
the Lakers dropped steamers when they beat the nuggets.
ran across my copy of I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings...let u know when I'm done!
Good morning friends. I just about had it with getting up this early but good thing its one of my last Biology labs! :)
Can clearing your blocks KEEP you single?
the name is just a man`s name...but judging by the appearance he looks like a she-cat.) How are u?
miss you too cuz, how 48 hrs. turn into a week lol
Birthday Cake Donuts | Diet &amp; Nutrition
An enterprising reporter could figure it out.
Just a shoutout to all of my followers!
he's survived for 30 years and lived with (in total) 3 dogs and 4 cats. And my younger brother. He's tough.
Been doing so much forearm plank at yoga I have rugburn on my elbow. Gross elbow, rockin' abs...I'll take it.
Ok... In honor of Marvin Gaye's bday this past week: Which of his records stayed at #1 on the RnB charts the longest?
haha that's what everyone said
Finna be Disney bound! Hollywood Studios, HERE I COME!
I voted for Best Kiss #movieawards kristen stewart and robert pattinson ahah
You're welcome!
#Friday13th is bad luck tupac died on Friday the 13th a stuntman in the early 90s died on that day doin stunts but he was the worlds best
getting some chicken wings, and brews after some buds
RT : RT : #ICA reception is in full swing. Guests are arriving
Race Weekend >
I think she got off line
SCSU Wrestling is ranked #1 in the country for the NCAA division 2!
Fresh To Death 2nd Edition coming son and it goes SO SO SO hard! :) putting a preview up later!
My standard has several variables, but does not include individual awards. I apologize if that was unclear
I'm TOTALLY ENTERING THAT CONTEST!! ALL THOUGH I HAVE BEEN SUBSCRIBED TO YOU SINCE FOR EVER AGO!<3
At Eb's.
*bats lashes* thanks beauties :)
I actually made it up to Lake Co. before the rain hit.
happy to meet you maan! :)
yo ! I better see yo sexy ass in night school c; lol
Really though!
Delivery was a bit spammy. Still, appreciated. :P
i so need to produce a record on you. How (in the name of Jesus) can we make this happen!
a "niche" in terms of people affected. People who "need" gay marriage is what 10%? Yet 80% are wildly pro/anti. Economy effects 100%
Shawty light skin I should call her red told her its a black n white world I just want some head.
You obviously don't know my dog!!" lol name that movie!
You're near the top of our list! We'll keep you updated.
thanks for rt & !
no worries man, have a great Friday!
You'd be way better at it. Make more witty comments. Better photographic opportunities.
Turned in my 660 paper. The end is in sight!
of course!
I can beat myself with a stick. It would be cheaper & quicker... TY!!
Watching Martin
Correction. If the All Star Game made sweet love to the Greatest Hits Album, the result would be THIS episode of
what i suggested completely escapes me now tho, having obviously paled before the awesomeness of the current definition
The writers must be all out of pitches for Don cause all they came up with is Roger at an LSD party. Really?
I love those boyz on #tnt. Chuck/Kenny/Ernie and company are better than the games!
The hologram from #coachella video is crazy! wonder how feels about this??
I woke up, but it was to the cats losing their mind.
Psh you know I'm hibernating till school starts.
It's not who you know -- it's who knows you. Meet people, build relationships. Want sports law? Go to SLA Conference!
Cat to me just now: Please cease petting me as I stare out the window. This is very important business.
I'm wearing shorts... Stupid, I know... But we're staying inside.
some kind of awesome case study on collaboration? also, party. emailz me!
Any questions for the next upcoming weeks?
Many thanks to the generous farmers at ! They donated crates of apples, onions, cilantro & fresh bread for our guests.
I got woken up this morning by an alarm clock going off in a box I have yet to unpack. Took me 10 minutes to find it.
Chilling with my cousins a bit
I feel ya, minus the death thing. Lol
Hope you and Coopdawg get the situation handled over there at London's
seriously, how can you not like Robert Downey, Jr.
Omg red rooster oysters come w a vodka crushed iced shooter. Heaven. red Ceasar. No idea what gives it that crunchy aftertaste but love it
I could be a bitch and message your man that you are trying to flirt with mine. But then I'd be a home wrecker just like you.
love what you are doing for #blackmales. #wealthy #BlackPeople gotta support these fforts nationwide. #Shame if they don't
One of the best albums ever. Period.
nice work on Girls piece...
I've pulled 143,557 garlic mustard plants in our backyard. 65,983 to go.
/via Miss the 7am #worldcup game? #ESP vs #CHI & #SUI vs #HON is @ 11:30. Perfect to try out our new breakfast or lunch items!
We are honored to have you follow us!
The said reality is that in comparison to Sarah Palin, Ricky Santorum, Michele Bachmann, Marine Le Pen is almost a leftist intellectual.
That #AwkwardMoment when follows u
RT : Book we're reading in English is based in Kenya w/ Masai. Teacher freaked when I told her I stayed w/ them. Thankyou
lol idk if it's just me but the lakers have tall players
Really tempted to order #nbaleaguepass to watch debut 2night.
So good to work out on a beautiful Sat morning and, most importantly, get it over with. Now to study a bit and then get into some trouble.
good morning world. I need music suggestions for this morning. go.
You loved me at my best. And left me at my worst.
Thanks for the RTs & +Ks. You, indeed, are fine folks
There is some intense blue dye in the frosting on the cupcakes making the rounds in the newsroom. Lots of blue fingers, teeth. Hilarious.
nice! I'm all about the database :)
Who played third base opening day at OPACY in 1992?
2 day I had a solid work day, amazing Yoga, class & even a run @ Glake and made 100+ Won Tons =
Hanging with and having a really good laugh!
“: hahhaha you're welcome :)” shut up whore ;) <3 you both
You know if you try and be you for once you may actually like that person. Stop trying to be someone society wants you to be. Just be you.
Positive thoughts.
What's up #midtown?!? Follow #TheLittleBlackTruck at Shady Lady from now until the wheels fall off!!!
I love my friends.^-^
You are entitled to all the info available on your city; so if you have any question, if you want any information, you may write me. [1942]
Today's BTU inspiration: "A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge." ~Thomas Carlyle
I thought about writing an entire short story composed of Garden Path sentences. That was a really exhausting half hour.
Day 3 What are attendees looking to learn more about today?
I'm great what u doingv
Who's your pick for the finals this year?
could u possibly hook is up with plane tickets also
enjoy miami you little biotch.
Man Chipotle need a drive threw!!!!!
Gn tweet hearts. tomorrow will be better than today
Somebody get me over 100 followers. I been hovering at 99 for 3 f*cking weeks now.
#LSUUT Tigers had to eventually come out flat with the schedule they have endured...at least they are doing vs UT instead of somebody good
All i want right now is your arms around me and your lips on mine.
Man hate when it is about to rain just kills my sinuses
learned long ago to never get between a woman and her shoes lol
Don't start anything....please?! I never did anything to you&I don't deserve this. :/
Hey ! Are you going to team up with Sin Cara anytime soon ? That would be an awesome match !
I hate wearin button fly jeans at dollar nite.....lmao!!!
The Bart Walker Band will be on the Hard Rock stage May 9th. Show at 8pm! $5 at the door! See you there!
With out struggle there is no progress
RT : Great video shares survivor knowledge: "I am alive because..." youtu.be/ELRY_4yYimk
My favorites are Marc jacobs alexander mcqueen Hermes lanvin and a few more...not the normal bunch
Harry Potter was great, but I never evangelized it. Literary life does go on after Rowling.
Just launched atlfitnesspro.com
RT When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe...that's when you'll become successful.
There's only one solution to the playoff dilemma and that is to not have a playoff in the first place.
When I was a kid our flu games came with the title on the line in the finals.
Check us out on after school kick back with on June 7th we'll be playing an acoustic set
I'm shocked Shane Moseley went the distance.
Spent 4 hrs at our new place today. Home to eat dinner, than work tonight.
The Tumblr website does a great Tumblr iPhone App impression.
Thanks! *throws that in the morgue file for later*
OMG thanx 4 the follow Amanda, I love u so much! Your music is simply amazing:)
Have you seen the HP P4800 yet?
LOL, I don't think so--I signed up sometime in 11/07. :)
In reflection, I think that one was "reaching out."
MT : #Gaddafi "needs to acknowledge the reality that he no longer controls #Libya" - President Obama
lmfao oh yes i can boy! -_- rude :p haha
19 days until i am #michigan bound! :)
hey thnx for following me love your backround
Yesterday = Assisting a Mixing Class, Post Audio work for client's video, tracked bass and acoustic guitars. Today = more music. Love it.
would think at leastone of those kids would be a Decepticon
Now that their secret is out, are we just going to call them 'The Service'?
“: Just applied for Foundation Staff! #ohhletsdoit” see you soon!!!
super close but you still LOST, try back again tomorrow...
Midterm exam week is over =]; OMG! Excited to see Papa G tonight at ERJ coming from Miami! =)
Idiot move of the morning: Suffered 3 Pop Tart-related burns. Damn frosting literally fused to my skin.
Michael Ealy is too fine
Halfway through Navarro's San Diego Confidential. Reading it for class. Very interesting background on SD's political history.
it was SO NICE to meet you too! It was a pleasure chatting with you! Yes please I would love to work with you!!!!!
when u and moms comin to the city
Who wants tickets?!?!?
speaking of #rebapalooza and USTREAM, didn't we get flashed by a crazy naked dude a few times that night?
#oomf is either bipolar or on bitch mode!
allergies in full effect
You are not the girl I thought you was
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow myy new one now
---> Spread the joy!!! Come in and bring a friend for Brazilian Waxing. 2 for $70!!!! ($30 Savings). Call today!!! 773-342-6333. ^___^
Gig Harbor golfer Kyle Stanley seeded 13th, takes on Choi in Match Play Championships Go Kyle. See Feb 20 TNT golf blog for the whole story
hi (: it would be awesome if you did a show here in Florida!
Wants DCFC to play "Meet Me on the Equinox" and is not ashamed.
Please follow me i love your tweets they are awesome!
Wed trivia: There are none of these in Turkey. Answer at noon.
Phosphate Holdings, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual 2011 Financial Results
The circus was dancin to mrs right and girls talkin bout by im press
Tonight is the fourth rehearsal of Rach Vespers, before switching gears to rehearse some Festival of Carols rep.
how are u today?
Greatest love was my #favoritewhitneysong and I am playing it now in her honor!
wow dude
Watchn The Mask.. . Old time Favs
looking for specials? Maybe just order all 4. Shroom’n Swiss Burger Omelet, Truffle Browns, Burst ‘O Berry Crepe and a Breakfast Pizza.
so you know what a slob they are. hate that. You must be at the mall lol!
OMG ! please go to sub my channel on youtube! cuz only 5 more subs and I have 1000 subs !! leggo
As is life wasn't enough, we have to go living with people who should know better but don't. FML......Retweet if you agree.
I know right.... (cuban style) -Hazel M.
RT : Love the enthusiasm! MT VISA GRANTED! I'm officially a US State Dept-sponsored exchange visitor! Woohoo hello...
hey hola guys lol. how are you two today? hope your day is goin good
BCC town hall! Also, check out the Routledge table in exhibits... Nice people!
New DP with :D
Happy #Thanksgiving! Have a safe and happy holiday.
Getting ready for life teen
works for me. Talk to you then
no problem, thanks for following back
Taking kids to furniture store and Target = my own suburban holocaust
You're just SOMEBODY that i used to know :)
Yea I read yo tweets sending pics of to nasty small cock to girls like WTF is she didn't ask for it why did u send it!!
Very smart! RT : APP available for ASTD conf;go to app store, ASTD events
We can help you market that listing locally and Globally! Use this code US270911 when listing and it is 100% free at Klockle.com
I'm going to have to agree. RT : Kansas has no chance. UK is just too good.
I wish we could! We have a wedding that same day! Miss you! How is everything?
Waking up early, 1 tip that works: Have a kid. Super Why! waits on no one.
visually it was awesome!!
It is so wonderful to reconnect with you via the social media world!
Can someone send me a link to the Live chat?? :)
I ABSOLUTELY CAN'T WAIT UNTIL GREECE <3 summer 2012 here i come ;) I lost track of how many times i've been to #Greece after 8 lmfao
it's show time happy bday
congrats on the fundraising!
I don't have to lick your ass anymore buddy
sleepy head
What is #nowplaying? Any #indierock out there? Shout it out Shasticians!!!
I have the worst migraine I've had in a long time
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
Cascabel is one of my top 3 culinary experiences ever! Combining delicious food w/ the joy of cirque is inspired. Perfect date w/
Visualize yourself succeeding.
thanks for the tweet man!!
Please Follow For Some Good life quote and SMS Messages. Tht Ny New Twitter
But, seriously.... Who hasn't whooped the French?! #CincodeMayo History. Fast Facts. :-)
About to smash this snickers bar
Nikki Giovanni~ Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts.
Decided to take a pitstop at M&M world after my broadway play.. #feellikeakidinacandystore ..literally
That bacon wrapped Filet Mignon sounds delicious. Can you keep some for me if I run tomorrow ?
up all night
So shocked! RIP Whitney Houston.
retweet if u keep it
the Hubble telescope: deep, deep, indefinite sleep!
I don't know why I continue to watch #thebachelor when I know ben picks courtney. Its like he is giving #ashleyhebert the finger!
Thanks for the props, Rich!
They think it costs $$ and they're afraid to spend. Shame MT Would it kill people 2 say "Excuse Me", "Please", or "Thank You"
"I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best." (John Keats)
Even if DIaz won I think there should be a rematch in June! Too close!
0% Tax? Go Ron Paul! How can you dislike him?
65 percent running, 35 percent social. :)
Plus, seems bad form to do so at symposium for man who didn't let his students take notes during class, let alone tweet.
Morning peeps, Its friday and the start of a long weekend.
-- give it back Truth!
inspiration comes at the most unsuspecting times.
Thanks for the follow and I am excited about about the upcoming shows...
For any urgent issues, please contact our Headquarters at .
Thought the writing was trite. Certainly like Cougar Town, and Happy Endings better.
that'd be a mess..
I LOVE really do, they're jn my top 5 favorites..but their new video for #creatures..yeah i'm not hardcore enough for that.
Time to plan a Chicago museum trip.These bright winter days look better from inside a warm room.
Oh, OK, he's is certifiably terrible. But I just listened and other than Skrillex association she seems inoffensive?
#FingersCrossed for a sunny Halloween weekend! Have a great one!
great article, read more advice on Twitter at www.talkbiznow.com.
JP Will join ya!
we were right in the middle of the earthquake and we are ok! I am watching you tweet in comic con.
bummed I will have to wear pants tomorrow.
Well... Another great Christmas at our house. Everyone got what they asked for from Santa...
Glad I came to tonight's event. Inspired. Thanks for following.
Yay! Adults need play as much as kids do! has a great Corporate Recess offering. Hit me up if you want to chat more!
Hey, it's the guy who played Doyle Bennett from #Justified on the Mentalist.
you're so cute!!!:) ah goodness, on you totally remind me of myself!
Old movies=boss.
It's been a long time since I was there. I'm sure it's even better than B4. I'd love to visit!
that's early what are you talking about.
Rise and shine. It's time to package 37,500 meals with 600 volunteers at multiple places...together we are Feeding #Children Everywhere
Thank you for a great AR workshop today at SI NMNH. Very cool technology, fun to both use and program...
bye bye chemistry :).
is your new flick out yet? #movieawards better
If sperm is needed for procreation and retrograde ejaculation cannot be corrected pharmacologically, vibratory stimulation ...
and I love you beh-by! :)
RT : is at the Quidditch World Cup finals for D2!
Causeway WB I-80 backed up. What's the deal?
I <3 (but you know that)
I'm sick I can't find Love Jones on Netflix and I can't even rent it on iTunes. That's WACK yo. ✌
The more places I go, the more I appreciate where I live, Cleveland/Chattanooga Tennessee are truly world class!
Hahahahahaha, I'm sorry but that's funny
Stop acting like Selena is the only one who is lucky....
Our bench is deep. This game isn't going to be like the other one was.
I can see your comments in
Awkward.. Didn't know what to say to that.
my mom just said she really doesn't like me most of the time..
6 mins and and I are allowed to take a study break to eat and shop!
Haha. Everyone up here likes Touch better but I don't like it near as much as Taste.
thanks! Enjoy this beautiful day!
the new things you'll experience by becoming a Milwaukee resident
the AIDS walk in NYC
At the movies.<3
- really, who can say no to a nun?
Mama say mama saw mama ku son #that is all
And I was sorely mistaken. ... You were pretty spot on.
Too bad Mumford and Sons didn't perform.
this road is a one way street, either ur in or out!
#FF thx for following & have a great weekend!
Hoes send naked pics n txtin me they wanna suck me but wanna talk shit lmao ok
It's #lunch time! Tell us, what Healthy Choice meal will you be heating up today?
It's sunny in Seattle today and the views from the top of the Space Needle are spectacular!
Trust me. Ya gotta see it.
settle down Paul Blart, dont forget im like the coach in Johnny B Goode "im a winner....im an american"
Now that I balled out at skool and I have 5 weeks with only my finals to work on imma PARTY!!!!!!!!! #FUNMEISBACK!
Why is Rihanna working with Chris Brown again? Beats me.
Everyone can expect that I will tweet about this regularly & VERY LOUDLY TO THE PUBLIC until Mya Hatchette, Esq remedies her Autism bullying
i heard you on Ja Rule Drown that was dope bra classic song and hook with you ans
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
well my mom yelled at me for being messy -.-
Those mini white donuts are amazing..
Hearing from who is 6th most influential person on social media in world...behind his bro joe at no.3
ok what about the you can .. Part ?
Might get a workout in to start the day off right
I'm pro bread and I eat.
Erik this is a good topic that you wrote about. Plus the screen article. Very relevant to encyclopedic art museums.
That top ten was awful. Less hockey. There's a reason nobody knows what channel hockey is on.
you're so lucky you're going to his concert :)
Which Napa wineries, if any, are open on Sunday? Trying to plan a couple stops for next weekend 1/22
": I think I'm going to go buy a Kidz Bop CD." pretty sure you HAVE said this!
So, just to make everyone aware, birds scare the crap out of me, especially when they are flying right over my head.
Motivated. Energized. Determined.
aright guys im off to sleep so see ya follow me i follow back
put it down last night, saw some dope talent and vibe with - Good times!
Glad you like LetsListen. Thanks for the tweet!
totally agree. i think the experience is much better. i think it suffers from being too late to the game is all.
/ True that. Buckle up, sunshine.
RT : RIP, preexisting conditions. I will miss your umlauts in the New Yorker.
i know I'm blonde but gimme a lil credit!!
is it who I think it is
"Is it really the police?"
So sore after a two hour session with a perfectionist as a instructor. And people think #yoga is easy ...
I love Cheerwine!! Southern delicacy! Not sure if I could rock daisy dukes though as Ms. Cheerwine!
RT : First Friday is tomorrow! What are you most looking forward to?? Seeing the Winter Wonderland in our courtyard! Join us!
Understand me
"The best companies never transform to greatness in "one fell swoop. There is no single defining action, no grand program, no one killer...
#MyPastRelationships have shown me the difference between a BOY and a MAN.
that sounds so yummy right now
Hey everyone!! Remember we have Live Love Learn Live tonight on stickam at 9pm central!!
On this gray day, the gallery is brightly lit. Come in to 901 New York Ave. NW at the green awning for light and color on your lunch break!
Physics and sociology :for friday's exams , the hell
That totally brings me back to my college days.
thank u my friend, great time yesterday! Please, lets hang before u part from this city!
I dwell in possiblities.
Do you use the index cards/cork board/outlining features?
I know, sorry... Ohh well! #SeeYouInnaLittleBit,Happy?
Yep, for SURE!!!
Good Luck 2nite T.Rev
Seein more leadership/bein vocal, less TOs, better decision makin' & unselfishness..
don't tell that hoe NOTHING !
"Turn.. Turn.. Turn.. You're Turning Me On Like Slow Fire Burn.. I Know That It's Wrong But I Run..Run.. Run. Run.. Right Into You..."
What's your favorite season so far on Weeds?
Heat still have not hit a 3 pointer today... crazy stuff. Need to make a couple down the stretch imo to hold the Pacers off
I used to be invincible. Then I grew up.
i guess you dont know Las Cruces very well. That doesnt surprise me one bit
Oops! I should've been more careful using Super Glue!
Need summer storage? Make sure to check out for the best summer storage at Occidental
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE ALL YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE HOPE U LIKE WHAT I WROTE PRINCETON MADE IT JUST FOR U 🎂🎉🎈
Crazy. RT : Confirmed: Anthony Bennett is a Rebel.
ha ha.
Oh I think that may have been noticed.
GO strong or don't go at all.
Thanks for the follow Maria!
#thoughtsduringschool where are the bitches without ears
What is your favorite COLOR!?
Great season so far. You are making all the doubters pay for not starting you in their fantasy leagues! Good luck in Atlanta!
Thing is, *I* wanted to be the asshole who parks in the family parking space, and she beat me to it!
Learn from the disappointments and build on the successes. This is your time to fulfill your best possibilities!
Four Democratic Reps. have moved desks outside the Capitol to meet with constituents who can't get inside.
Due to techno issues at Blogger, my last post disappeared! It's happened to a lot of people. It should be back soon, according to Google!
Never let your head hang down. Never giveup&sitdown&grieve. Find another way.&don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines
We have a table special UNBEATABLE in the city tonight! Get a group of friends together and i'll hook you up with a table for tonight!
When you're embarking on a new undertaking, talk to people who have already been there and learn from their mistakes/successes.
Lily Allen launches Lucy in Disguise pop up store
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery -
What song is it? Us Boss-fans want to know!
Bob rocked the opening of 2011 #bluesonthegreen! Thanks
T Rich baby!!!
Did not get that memo. Did it spell out how do we mark change?
Preciate ya!!! RT : what's good !!!! I'm glad things are still progressing for you
Just finished redesigning business cards for Uma Luxe Salon.
just flew 5000 miles to Brazil and is promptly spending the rest of the day in my hotel room at the Sleep Inn..very exciting people
I am WARNING you all, you better keep your weirdo family cult off of my decent social site! bunch of crazies!
Did I just hear the song smart girl with a dumb booty?
uhmmmmm. I didn't tweet you. I tried earlier.. but it never went through and I never finished it.
- Gonna be honest... when you retweet me it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside
hell yeah
it makes me LOL when my dog bangs his head on the door to get it open
Great twitter presence. How can we get in touch?
happy almost birthday lol I know ima forget
Sorry, but the best tag team in the world is in TNA Motor City Machine guns.
" why is liking someone so complicated.." - katie.
RT I'm ok with not having meetings after sales school due to lady antebellum wanting to shoot a music video.
Thanks for the RT! ^~^*
Dallas folks: Common Table or Blackfriar pub for food?
Tweet/DM me?? Im bored! (:
Once we reach 300 followers, we will give away 5 free copies of the journal. Please share with friends to help us get there.
we have been listed as one of Madison's top 10 power couples.
Out of the 6.9 billion people in the world, someone at this exact moment is thinking of you.
I'm pretty salty right now😡 they forgot my colors! But at least I'll be back before Austin's concert lmao
I meant *bet lol
At least Rickie didn't do his ankle again stepping on first...
Down to 4 projects.All to be completed this month, we appreciate our clients.
Congrats on the 1st rd pick! I remember you giving the presentation to my 7th grade class where ur mom works. Won't ever 4get that!
Yo mama so bald you can see whats on her mind
Are they sure that's the same person?
"What the f-front yard"
i hate havin to put things back when im at the register when i go shoppin it makes me feel so poor and homeless lol smh
Happy #Saturday! What's everyone's plan for the day?
I left a big pack of chicken at the grocery store. Sigh...
The shuffleboard is hot at !
lol. That's one band that I just can't listen to. Lol
#Fridayreads is Bee-Loud Gale by , . Better late than never and it is GOOD.
I want my future wife to enjoy watching ESPN with me (x
I went through your pictures , and i cry laughed .
It was great seeing you #TweetMarket too.
Ahh my old nemisis, insomnia strikes again
Good luck to all our Eugene marathoners tomorrow!
Thanks and welcome, Hunter! X
yeah lik #No.1Fan I'm not sure! (I'm so interested in this game aren't I) ill ask abbie wait there!(: thanks! We do too haha
summer turned to winter came and went, lost, are winning, snow finally on the ground
It shall be on tv 24/7 too...x
lol.. good good.... Lol... Yea, same here too much to handle to b raising babys... Nah I ain't got none...
What a great feeling it is to be loved!
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - AP source: Indianapolis Colts select Ravens defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano as new coach.
Thanks Jess! ()
the best time to wear a striped sweater, is all the time!
#TOURS Sigur Ros Add Summer Dates
That nig~~ crazy girl don't say nothin to em.
It looks like rain this weekend. I guess my plan for shoe shopping is on hold for a while.
Tomorrows Monday! -_-
Just watched a drag queen perform Beyonce's "If I was a Boy" as Reba McEntire.
good morning to you and your Left Coast Pup!
Will you be attending next week?
Traveling!! #SpringBreak best week of the year! Lol
ap world test is in 10 days, i think i'll continue to do nothing in preparation for it this week
I miss Fall Out Boy :(
Exactly. Random mediocre players don't have haters. Only the great ones do.
Ladyfriend is looking for other musicians! Bassist/ multi-instrumentalist especially. Come on Seattle! We know you're out there!
When is it playing
Support your local small businesses (and theaters!) on Small Business Saturday!
#whydohoes have to laugh like that?
can't say the #Lakers didn't have good looking shots to tie it. So one is laying down.
that was a hell of a match it was very bloody match and i knew john cena would win #ExtremeRules was awesome
It certainly helped! Thank you for your support! :)
Sorry about that! Could you email us w/ more details at kimptonindc at kimptonhotels dot com and we'll try to get you in!
Where is Susan Powell??? She went missing a month ago in Utah....
Yay for us. I have a feeling the next couple months we should not go out together, I can't imagine the trouble we will find!
Looking forward to the event tonight!
If you try again, it should work. It is working for me right now.
omg I have been dying to go to rave. They look like so much fun!
COMING SOON! TO CENTRAL OHIO, JollySavers is every family’s dream! providing an unbeatable, family value, "Deal".
Thanks for the invite. I'd love to come but already have another event that night. If it finishes in time I'll stop by. Thanks again
Looks like Mike Brown keeps his job until LA gets swept by Thunder...
For a moment I thought you were talking about men.
I fucking love for saying she'll pull a Kanye on Katy Perry! <3
r u gonna call today?
Another awesome service at KLFC! God moved at the altar changing lives. Peace to the provision provision to the promise. God has got this!!!
sounds great. I will get in touch. Is there an email I can use.
lol that nigga flapped his trench coat and went home
Love you have Twitter special of the day!
thanks to #Medill for another inspiring talk on teaching with twitter.
I've got an ipod like a pirate ship and ill sale the seas with fifty thousand songs I've never heard
No! We can't lose the Pro Bowl! That's my vacation! ;-(
We can't lose. I refuse to have to look at a picture of a very sad James Neal like I was forced to last year. This isn't over. GO #PENS!
That shit was scarier then amnesia!!!
I wanna go to sleep.:p
The bottom 150 million Americans didn't pay Federal Income Taxes, The top 10% of earners paid 70% of all taxes this year...
My wife is the math teacher there and said you guys were KILLIN it!
Hey there!!!
Ideal spring weather right now in #Oakland - rainy, stormy all night, Sun rises, and the clouds disappear. 2 days in a row :D
getting your step daddy on
Still following , with updates from 20 years ago. Anyone here updating from the future?
dam right
And I keep doing the same thing and gettin mad cuz I get the same results. thats insane
thanks man!!
I don't know if that's true. Where did you hear that?!
RT : What is this day for if not for living true to the highest and best of your possibilities?
This is a status that I will send to both twitters, Facebook, and LinkedIn. We are learning lots of social media today.
Happy Earth Day! I'm celebrating by shopping at my local !
True Political SPIN (and chutzpah). Global Warming caused the Blizzards (Today's NYT). Hey, it's February 11th, not April fools day!
#hug thank you. This is a billion times better than listening to youtube videos.
TONIGHT - SHOWTIME with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, XsintriX, Torp, Weapon XI & Doktor D along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
Evan Wrekn ME.
RT : Thanks for the RT. Authors, check out AiA for lots of good info.
i wish i could see again :(
Honda Cruises To $44 On US And Japan Recoveries - Forbes
#Cosign RT : If Pooch Hall is fired from "The Game" trust me the ratings are going way down
is a hidden trance secret. is about to fuck shit up tonight! I love u music director of rain lol
Botox Beauty Day is on the 10th. Schedule your appt today to get Botox for $9/unit.
This morning's Red line commute is excellent for anyone nostalgic for the Tokyo subway.
i think theyre all really talented.
Evans' basic gist: HUGE cuts have to be made anyway, even just w $60m deficit. With MYear cuts = huge deal
Oh-em-gee. 's new song "Come Over" is SO good! Forget "Whatever Makes You Feel Like A Rockstar." THIS is a smash!
we are and ! ya'll migrate and follow our duo twitter! :)
#CuandoTwitterEstaAburrido DUDE I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND THIS
Thanks for the support and reposts you are awesome!!!
Every time I type something in quotes, I forget to put the last quotation mark.
This could've been a perfect week.
16 followers in 10 minutes #notbad :) help us out? thanks :)
-Haha yes I do!TY love! Miss u & miss styling your beautiful self!I am so in love with the looks for your CD! xox
#AudaciousFaith RT : If you want to experience God's blessings, audacious faith is not optional... Sun Stand Still
Attending "Get out the Latino vote"
Now screen shot ain't working it keep force closing & facebook actin up ugh ! What's next for this damn phone of mine
Lil Dude From Across The Street ...Lemme Hold A Dolla
it was pretty rad, you should of came. Pyrotopia was also pretty sweet.
everything is just perfect and stress free :)
sadly watching news about holocaust museum shooting. what the heck is going on with people?
is looking for experienced #Unix #Systems #Engineers for an exciting company in
c'mon, you KNOW he's incapable of happiness.
Aww...make love not war...
Oval office. Oval hockey mask. Say no more.
Thanks for the info. I do have a Motorola modem. I'll give them a call.
when was this?
Lazyweb, I need a tool where I can save screenshots/images, make notations, keep it private, but share with select folks. Any suggestions?
Haha it's okay lol I just didn't know cause it said you lived in Canada and I was sorta confused lol
#FollowFriday fellow Bike to Work Day tweeps! Tx for mentions:
Aroldis Chapman is unhittable this year
YES! I'm so excited! Even tho I might throw up xD hahaha IDGAF IM STILL EXCTITEDLDJSBDKD
I hear ya Andy! RT Happy new year Lance! #alliwantin2011isnsynchreunion RT : Happy New Year Andylicious!!
Yes...toy story 2 is on.
“ Some people hate you because you're happy with your life. Some people hate you because they don't have a life.”
I dare a motherfucker to be talking about me
Who will be our 400th fan?! BTW Did we mention lately that we are so thankful for all 394 fans we have already?! THANK YOU <3
That ball should have been dead because of the bench.
thank makes sense 😊
of course not! would be all over it.
“: I'm gonna roll her over a barrel and show her the 50 states #bestmovie” haha funniest shit ever
I ask myself 2 Qs daily. 1. Am I 100% who I want to be? (no) 2. Am I getting better? (yes=happy) Thankful & blessed!!!
Hey Southern Brides! My cousin & NC photog suggested a bridal portrait. What do you do to prep? Go formal? Keep it casual?
We should all want a smarter more effective govt...yup.
We'll talk at tonight. We'll sort it all out. No problem :)
Received some very kind words from a longtime friend today.
Didn't even occur to me to use gDrive that way. Already paying for Crashplan offsite backup. I'd like a local as well.
you're hired!
CJ..Stand by your man...it's always about the man! Haha. I saw that one coming!
Red hot burning sensation
LMAO! thx! well I have to say I'm loving my life too! :)
wouldnt it be nice to go to a sleepover were they offered u bfast sooner than 5 mins b4 they were leavin to the dr? Ya that'd be nice...
Ugh, it's so cold in this old apartment I have to grab my blanket out of the closet.
I've never heard Lambeau Field so quiet..... Lol. Hopefully the Giants will pull it off and come to SF. Go Niners!
I have a crush on
This Thurs. 10-12 will announce their National #grants at Girard Children's Garden. You are invited!!
Today has been a mess.
Good morning art world! Happy Friday!
Lowkey Mac Miller killed it right now
Research shows that nearly half of all Americans make New Year's resolutions with one common pledge; to be more organized and efficient.
plzz plaza follow me oh sorry typo p
And I'm listening to "White Rabbit" a.k.a. the earworm that will not leave. "When the men on the chessboard get up and tell you where to go"
Thanks for the follow (and for info on the phone).
Often at times we place so much trust, confidence and expectation in man, & later crushed by their unexpected actions
"For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also" Matthew 6:21
I like halo 3
We will miss you, Kirsta!
Spread the word, not your legs -.-
Mindsplode! Something to sit back and think about.
Show tonight at the Mad Hatter w/Hit The Lights!! Come party with us!
it's on ticketmaster already...
Today will be the day! :)
We are both in the right industry then. But I guess we should help reduce some of that spending, eh.
“: I love you, but I love my cat more.”
Thank you Simon Cowell.
is probably mad
Feeling Good, Livin Better
girl I hope I get in! Wish me luck!!
Party like its not? (;
Awesome day w/ the garage sale and now FRIENDS marathon on TV.
Has anyone heard of an artist named K. McGill Loftus? Active in the 1950s? Probably American but can't say for sure...
we will have a new show this summer...will let you know when. Would love to see you guys!
you seen that movie "Transcendent Man" about Ray Kurzweil? Netflix that sheeeit.
I can tell that you've been practicing. I can tell that you've been practicing.
I still haven't see Bridesmaids
A law student!
I didn't even know that was a THING. But now I must go.
forgot about wtf, too. Thanks.
haha I was just talking about Vegas! It's only like 3/4hrs away but I'm coming to Maryland in June lol
Tonight at 5, be at Red Rabbit for a chance to pick up one of the last 10 tickets in their #52CardPickup contest for
90% of orphan diseases are life threatening or life shortening
lol I hate u guts too 👳lookin ass lol
If Obama isn't re-elected this county is in big trouble if republicians get in.
Still a great San Diego Commute at 6:30 - keep it safe out there - pay attention - no texting.
Don't sleep on Blount during your fantasy draft...this is a big back with nimble feet who doesn't get too cute at the line of scrimage
yah!! but who really goes to mcdonalds for a salad???
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest #marketing like Ms. Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake #Jamaican accent?
hey girl tweet form skool
I Could not agree more with what you are saying. I think it makes a statement about life in general
oh intrigued.
lmao kirk franklin suits
RT : Exciting that Skrillex will be host and musical guest on SNL season finale. Wait til you see his Rainn Wilson impression!
I'd forgotten how much musicians in the 80s loved the slow fade out.
DorothyLucey face looks great, is it new?
plans change.... I went with my neighbor
Really wish I could follow more people back!! Hate these limits! Always have tried to follow everyone back
soo sick. how else would i feel by drinking so many cups of coffee?
$1 drinks (3 Olives Vodka) for ladies after 9pm.
15 away from 1700 followers lets do it today
follow me and i'll follow back.
For sure! Can you email me info via ? Thanks, Alex
Is social media sharing the same as learning? Sometimes, not always? I think sharing deepens understanding + memory.
Just saw a TV commercial for a local business with a QR code on screen for the final five seconds or so. What's the point of that?
Thanks to for time. And thanks for all the questions. Sorry I couldn't get to all them. More later from #Twitterview at BGN
how did Phillip make it back to the top
On the 11th Day, get your party dresses, pants and suits on bc is in the mood to celebrate with their PARTY PACKAGE!...
it's a song. it's called Pintame by Elvis Crespo
are you refering to something we talked about at musical?
dude I'm literally so jealous.
Fucking tired....i hate mornings. Mostly i hate the sun in my poor hungover eyes.
Rick Porcello is pulling a Schlereth.
jerrens tweet didn't even make sense?! 😳
What a great way to start the day! Loved the kick off of our bible study today! Anyone who wants to join in.. We are doing Tuesdays 8am :)
I bet I could change THT #BeautifulLiar into a
lmao no worries girl I got it taken care of ;)
PROPS partner day! 5% of our sales go to today! Come on in!
I knew that was in Busboys and Poets. She probably thought I was a stalker because I kept staring.
Sitting outside by this vym waiting for sumone to come lost my Key smdh
we ship 3-5 day Priority so I would say by Fri, If we ship Sat they should be there Tues at latest. Hotel or house?
I hear ya! Even kyle smoked today..
Is my work week over yet???
Mob extra innings FREE trial on Directv. NICE
Who knew the OTC was so big! I wished I liked the Rangers!
Where are you !!??
Thats still my song!
Good night everyone!!!
What happens in cat and mouse if the cat is retarded.
Some people call it “Za” others “pie”. What is your most unusual pizza nickname?
No kidding. Who knew the recession was actually caused by lost productivity due to CSS workarounds?
Power is out at work. Staying closed until it's fixed.
Oh she does make it seem like love but it's just a game, and I like the way that we play.
I'll let you know if I get a response!
Good mornin world gym time chest day my favorite!!
& if she aint tryna give it up she get dropped off .
also known as
Steven Clark! Are you taking bio too?
Thanks ! Can we connect to discuss how you chapter uses the platform? Pls email nick[at]webgreek[dot]com -Always looking to improve!
Same to your Monday sister. Thank you for your gracious words. "One Love"
The world is way too open. It needs to be more like Call of Duty, so I don't have to worry about waiting to kill things.
Glad you enjoyed! Hope all is well bud!
FIRST she takes my order with boogers in her nose THEN she brings my food out with hair in it smh
no way! I won't see him leave.
If I had my own world...I'd build you an Empire. #A&A
Last weekend of the Film Festival! Come have a drink before your flick!
My pops put down a bid on a home today.
Yeah. Once I heard the Biggie remix I looked into Viceroy. In fact, it might be the only Facebook page I've liked in months.
Exciting--I hope you have #2 & #3 lined up and ready to go!! (How did you resist for so long???)
"We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world."
WET 18 and over Party tonight in UNION PLAZA official after party for the NEON Music Fest and More, Only 2 VIPS left cal SARAH 915-449-2066
Have an awesome evening everyone! I'm heading out to enjoy the sun and a beer! B)
Happy Easter Everyone! Perfect day so far...church and then a 7 mile run. Beautiful day for a beautiful Lord!
Just when I thought he couldn't get any better proves me wrong! #AllIEverWanted !!!!!! New theme song for spring break 2012!
My daughter said: "Daddy I love you but you're breath smells like poo."
Thanks! You & Mel have set a great tone to follow! In the meanwhile, looking forward to #BookandAuthor next week!
My boyfriend listens to the best music. 👍🎧
Things are good. Really. But damn can they sure be better. Shooting. Editing. Traveling. Signing. ALWAYS need more.
Stop by tomorrow for your FREE large Colts BLUE lemonade (with any purchase)! It's Colts Fan Appreciation Day at the Circle Centre Mall.
U look sexy in the video justin(;
We’re back from our new building. WOW – huge building. 2 football fields long. Very impressive. We’ll be posting pics next week.
Grab a shovel, girl. We got some digging to do.
Valencia, CA- need females for nude photoshoot. Pay is 200 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I will carry my faith with hiipower
game at Staples 4th quarter showed what happened when they start missing
thank you so much, Airelle! You should come out to a show and hang with us sometime!
Hope you have a blast tomorrow. Are you nervous?
