M I love it when attractive maintenance men come to my house :)
Butt in seat, last nights vino, 5 pages: Go
(2NITE) WE @ THE VAULT 4 The Cinco De Mayo EDITION OF #GRADBASH ... GRADS FREE ALL NITE- LADIES & GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
Thank you for the RT!
Cruel intentions soundtrack is just on point
"The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you." ~B.B.King
sort of bel-air. in the home of one of the loveliest women i've ever met.
you'd like to order-there is a 20% friends/family discount code-1209 and free shipping for 3 or more
and come out to tonight after ur win!!!
"Lesser people than you, have done more difficult things than this." In Plain Sight
don't give up. Stay Hongry!!! lol
beautiful! Keep updating! See you tonight! :)
when are we having our twitter teach? I'll show you the ropes, kid
Owwwiee I have Bike Ride Butt.
Thanks for the corrected link. As a pit owner, I commend the author's qualifying comments about dog breeds & learned behavior.
Watching ASU baseball. Nice night at the stadium. How-ever very windy.
BTW I can never DM you back coz you don't follow me in the Twittersphere
Mw2 with <33 Happy 10 months sweetheart! I love you. ❤😚
wut da heck r these boxes?
what's full screen?
I haven't been able to catch it, but my TL loves it. I def thought it was caustic. But it might open up the show a bit more.
First track meet of the year in the books!
I saw that man I hope he kicks ass
So Hungary but can't eat.
follow us on twitter @ spititdiff , and check out that new fire. spit it different all day u already know :)
Why is your poop yellow? What have you been eating?
If your a fan of craft beers like we are, make sure and check out this Sat at Racine Civic Center. 150 craft beers....
love birchbox! did you get yours yet?
What a great weekend this is starting out to be
A 51-year-old engineer working at an airplane testing facility has been sucked into an engine and killed.
See I love you but it scared me, you scared me.
You know if ABC knew Missing was cancelled, I wish they would have edited out the last 60 seconds.
I been waiting 4ever!! Hurry
thank you! :) and you know what? ... I've got the same Mario T-shirt xD i like it!
I'm freaked out at a nasty turn of events on Facebook. Why am I debating someone who thinks parents should slap kids "until they shutup?"
Just saw #Tinker#Tailor#Soldier, Z. Can't remember the last time I fell asleep during a movie. Snoozefest.
hey come over to Stanford campus here for lunch and invite anybody you want - we have lots of food
Ha LIz You can do it ,get out your crayon? betchya your kindergarten teacher saw your future with your first scribbles!
I knew I was getting #old when I started figuring out what day of the week it is by checking out my daily pill dispenser
So excited! 2nite @ 11: kora and cello music from Malian virtuoso Ballake Sissoko & French trip-hop cellist Vincent Segal live in-studio!
Man some of these Kobe fans are outright creepy. Probably have the shrine made of gum like Helga Pataki and everything.
Whoa crazy business. RT : It took AOL 9 years to hit 1 million users. Facebook 9 months. Draw Something 9 days. via
KC Royals put to work. RT : City investigating "deep bore" technology to minimize some utility construction impacts of
time to get back into this game I feel closer to you already!
You know, Scream The Prayer isn't that far away. July 20: Norma Jean, For Today, Sleeping Giant, The Chariot, War of Ages, Close Your Eyes
The CDC uses Twitter to spot disease outbreaks because it's better than the system they had in place
Thanks for the RTs! :)
my pleasure!
Very cool! Interesting post.
you're in a different country so I don't think that's going to work...
ThunderRidge takes lead by 2 with 15 sec to go.
same here bored ass shit nothing to do.
we have it @ www.iPhonerepairmiamibeach.com :-)
I loved it. Same in #Madison. RT : I bought a bunch of non-fat winter clothes, then we didn't have a winter in the Chicago area.
Going to the park with and Twitterless Darby lmao 😊
What do you hope to accomplish for the 4th quarter of the year?”
When your boyfriend still likes you, no matter how many times you ram your head into his wall while the two of you sleep. >>>>>
Bon Iver or Andrew Bird today?
": #Sagittarius are a little impatient. They know what they want and want it now."
The bible is what God meant, and there are no errors or principles open for revision.
So used to this.
death stairs eh? were you running up and down them for hours on in or what?
I am officially the old guy at the club in a suit. I've become that guy...crap.
A positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a successful outcome of every situation and action.
I love my cousin ! She's amazing and doesn't needa put broken hearts towards me! :)
Yes I am, love. You should hear me preach sometimes...
Oh, you flirt with 374957945 girls a week? Woah dude. Pick one, and make her feel beautiful. No need to be a plaayyya.
Test scores came in last night aaaannd.....I PASSED! Hello 12th grade! To top it all off I scored on a college level!! #cloud9 :]
you don't get to choose but if I enlist in the army by june I'll probably leave october .
Shout to all the members of the Brethren: Scott, Adam, Ed, and Nick... from Steve in Indianapolis.
Will do! Thx!
just tweeting. what about you?
Yes! Go Levi! RT : "I'm relieved to say that I will start the race" YES!!
i dont have itt D; message me on fb ?
If I were GM, and also keeping in mind salary-management, I'm targeting Caron Butler, hometown guy and the #fearthedeer need scoring!
When the sun goes down we be having a party!
when called me i answered with "what do you want bitch" & everyone in the car was like who are you on the phone with?! lmfao
TSA agent took everything out of backpack. Agent told him he could put everything back. Oh young padwon
baby, ima be your motivation.
why does everyone keep giving kasey and vienna the roses?
and its freezing here in nyc... I'd like some of that sunshine!
Oh no Tracy. Don't say anything.
Dayle Junior!:D
Listen to me with tomorrow for a little more insight.
did you get my text ?
WE NEED A CHANGE IN HOW WE DO BUSINESS .LETS FIX AMERICA
This girl...this fucking girl...
So damn sexy...can see my abs now...guns are getting defined...ham hogs all toned and getting slimmer...butt is getting tight...shapely pig!
Something on Twitter being illogical? I can't even fathom. Well, it happens :)
um....I'll feed you Whiskey, you will tell it.
I still want to write that salsa-cabana tune about Doctor Sanjay Gupta, the brain surgeon.
Going to be taking mom out to olive garden for Dinner. Looking forward to it.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Good morning #Albuquerque! Needles are hopping, screens are dropping and spring logowear is in the air!
i never move
Tony Bennett in MKE today!!! Wow. That's cool!
you came a long long long long long
Did the money ever get paid back?
Oh! Look at that! Thanks ever so to sweet & --ah, also Beverly Nero -- very sweet~~ for RTs and Faves and stuff.
suck my dick you whores ;)!
Our Android app will be out very soon! Stay tuned! In the meantime, you can use it on the web at 1000memories.com.
Join tonight at 5:30pm for Networking Happy Hour. The School of Nursing is providing food & giveaways!
woo! i also get called sir regularly. richmonders are Struggling With This!
follow Mee!!! #stopbulling! It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cannot fall asleep! School is going be awful tomorrow!
What would you like to ask your Congolese peers about their life?
hun that status isnt about you.
s/o to my brain for doing so bad on my act.
A little bit of a delay... but now I'm on my way to Vegas! :)
Hi Sandy thanks for the follow.
ur a dirty slut... Lets grab a beer this weekend bro
We have no school tomorrow! There's a bunch of snow in chicago!
Battleship trailer got a resounding "No" from the audience, Dark Knight got cheers and Spider-Man.... silence.
omg, worst day ever.
What's up with Chris J. and his "E. Honda" hair?
Good Day!
haha i know! I love it! makes my dad upset cause we haven't been able to farm so I wish we could have lightening n no rain!
okay haha I'm gonna read it after Punk'D :)
Hiya! Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to working with you on SUW!
Our #authors Patricia Rockwell and Diane Morlan will be speaking at the Sycamore Public Library tonight, 7 pm, Sycamore, IL. Come It's free!
I always thought Thanksgiving was my favorite holiday for eating, but Super Bowl Sunday is gaining ground.
Oh no! What gave you that idea! :P
if not, then I really, really, REALLY hope it comes tomorrow. :)
Watching the Great Buck Howard, great so far...
aw okay! I think is selling a ticket?
I'm starting to agree. Still no set lineup or rotation and it's almost playoff time.
Don't get sunburned!
Thanks for a great night with my lovely wife.
omg why am I not there? getting on the first flight out haha
Theocritus of Chios~ Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
Web Tip of the Day: If you don't clearly show me what it is you do immediately upon entering your website, then you're wasting my time.
That is so true...but the design of slavery was to create distrust and disdain amongst us. It worked!
Hi hun, everything fine just been busy with work. Sorry I haven't contact you lately.
Late night commercial shoot for Goldilocks Filipino restaurant and bakery.
as someone who started an mscs for fun I'm always surprised w/ unmotivated grad students. try to seek out the good ones
Really sad I'm not able to make the show tonight :/
Yes!! RT: ": Any thought of a second term for Rick Scott begins and ends when Steve MacNamara is forced out. #sayfie"
Nice flop Ronney
Brunch is served. Our normal brunch menu but today battered and deep fried french toast topped with strawberry cream cheese. yum
Awesome blog post. Well done.
how can anyone ever tell you that you're anything less than beautiful.
the bit in the chorus about eating baguettes still cracks me up way more than it should.
Now He Wanna Be On Some Sweet Shit. This Nigga Bout Crazy As Hell.
Spend time... what? What crazy Mad Libs is this tweet? RT : Liberals like spend more time
Hope everyone is having a great day! Keep those new "Likes" coming and help us support the Children's Hospital of Los Angeles!!
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love
Hey Wes, glad to connect! If you have any feedback on our video series, we'd love to hear it. :-)
oh you know I will!
i ask because noticed a CBS Sunday Morning edit particular attention to this. I don't see that often
sorry, i don't know the answer. we haven't had an update. check the IR webpage?
When a guy tells you one thing, than a girl another thing, than tries lying after. Yeah yeah I see u
Blazin' a bowl for 4:20 and watching Ridiculousness :)
Ted Karamanski pep talk.
Work is such a bust today.
Unfortunately, most of the people complaining are too stupid to check #papajohns stream for other post updates :)
A most excellent place to cuddle up for sure! xoxoxo
I fucking hate being sick ! I'm talking and no one understands what I'm fucking saying.
Waiting for a girl like you.
oh yea we can do that
Awake** dang.
I agree 100%! Unfortunately, some things are out of our control.
Re the local fireworks ban: FireARMS are a perfect Latino substitute. "You can take our Black Cats, cabrón, but NOT our Black Cuetes!!!"
You heard it here first, #Knicks in 9!
gettin my years supply of storeable foods at www.thereadystore.com they got everything if you aint seen it yet
#Amazing how some people give u way 2 much info about themselves right off the bat Hi, I just met u, please tell me how u tried killn urself
Watching sunset in the middle of the ocean, sipping on some Champagne
SJ County Board of Supervisors vote to approve new contract for library services with the City of Stockton!
ALERT! Blanche's gay brother episode is on WEtv!
DAAAMMMMMN I forgot. How was it? Have to hit the VOD.
Didier Drogba, my favorite player in the world, has just become the only player in history to score in 4 FA Cup Final matches!
"I cannot say so without scientific evidence." But I can go on a completely unrelated rant that does have scientific evidence.
What's your email addy?
yeahh (: i'll tweet you laterr i have softball!
I feel ya Ellen by beloved Broncos went down.
follow my man he reads my stuff, also and
so ready for 630 to come around
Sure. FDH sent me two more DL LPs and a Glow Kit one to give away on Get Bent as well.
See...you just doubled your followers!
Thirty-nine more days left... (2/40)
“: Walmart has championship belts on sale by all the packer stuff lol” bye me one!
Who is Stephen Neal?
My friends take pictures with my dogs
The Thai dermatologist I saw a for just a slight rash told me I "needed" Botox, filler and laser treatment! This feels a lot like FML. :(
Best idea of conference from Stephen Burg: "We need an online buffet of courses" in public history to help small programs.
And the 5th book of game of thrones came in the mail today.
BOOM! Love you to pieces PPatt!!!!
I don't see nothing?
she's better than any girl, because she knows how it feels.
if there's only going to be one beer than we rather it's top-notch and heavily concentrated ;)
HOLY CRAP. I DID NOT SEE WHAT I JUST SAW. HOLY CRAP. NO WAY
can you bake me brownies please?!
LADIES ,WILL YOU FOLLOW FOR SHOUTOUT :)
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship. Friedrich Nietzsche
Oh man, just rode in a jesus SUV/taxi...that's the only way I can explain it!
follow me so I can message you back :)
I've got a big day tomorrow, but some things are irresistible. #wwe w/ The Rock center ring. G'Night.
if I were him I wouldn't even sign the contract.
Rall will be assisted in this effort by Dennis Walkup with FOE Aerie #695 of Iowa City, IA, acting as co-coordinator for the Eagle Riders.
OH and GO RANGERS! Double OT!
Alan, Trying as hard as I can to be my best.
Maybe the happiest of people dont necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.
New Publications on Humanitarian Space; Youth Displacement ...
So, it appears everyone is not completely honest on their online profiles. what kind of lies do you think are acceptable online?
Same! Where yu going
Hey! Are you in town for #sxsw? Let me know!! :)
The first myth of management is that it exists.
That's awesome, love your image too it's so festive!
At Por que No sampling the PDX version of a taqueria.
RIP Whitney Houston. Only a voice like hers could make a song as bad as "I Will Always Love You" tolerable.
Join us tonight after the performance of #TimeStandsStill for the official afterparty!
Swollen nose<
Thanks Abdi!
Join and LIVE on #thepraisableshow talking music, dance & testimony: Join the conversation:...
see ya there! :)
Forecast for Friday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 64 to 69. Light winds.
Because of Mass Effect 3's shitty ending, I shall now refer to the series itself as Ass Effect
god you tweet a lot
This is a very informative and motivational site,I will be following.
Thanks! But the Research Commons is not on Facebook...yet. Should we be? We do post events through
That's right monkey, play my head
I love it
So happy!!!!!! I had the time of my life. National champs baby!!!
#fflv is today! get down to and check out the 2 fab new #MIKELPATRIK originals!
Thank you for all your long hrs at work!
oh, bummer! take pictures. that's what i did when i had to give up my NC plates.
Ugh, it's already 81 outside. Thank goodness we are spending the day with friends at their pool. I am already scared for tonight, though.
Need more music in daily life! How to get Paco audience members making, hearing more live music? how can we make a show that attracts ppl?
ya Andre Miller pre opening day!
Checking things off of our World of Concrete To Do list. We are getting excited. Are you? Come visit us in booth
Ugh, Black Keys at Verizon. Come back to some day, por favor?
duke vs. FSU prediction?
just got from Binghamton and had Texas roadhouse for Amandas birthday
It is INSANELY stormy here.
im gonna try. I'll try to come backstage if possible.
having some issues with s3.
"the strongest people are covered with scars & have the kindest of hearts"
Just chatted with Jon Stewart backstage at the Daily Show. So cool.
WHAT PAPER?!?!?
Nice :-D! See ya soon!
kay i trust jesus lol, yeah i doubt ive ever seen you around
Don't think so, but you never know!
RT RT I don't have to "get money" -- it comes for me. My motivation has never, & never will be about money.
How many of you are embarrassed or afraid to tell others that you have had some contacts & communications with some ET's?
sry but if ur kid can stand & breastfeed...something wrong
ive fallen sum how feet off the ground where are you now when i need you around
yup!! You got it Polly is a news reporter in San Francisco
Congratulations to the Radcliffe family, who will still get to cheer for Prince Fielder on a regular basis.
If you can conquer your mind, you can conquer the world..
you can always come to my house, we have wifi c;
The number 33 jersey, belonging to Patrick Roy, has been retired by hockey’s Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche.
RT I lie so well, even I start to believe it.....
If she play video games then she wifey material
For the first time in forever i have an actual weekend! #2daysOff yes! 😄😜
I got no problem with it: I'm a whore. You compliment me, I RT. Bang. Done.
Football Was Alright But Cant Wait Until Basketball
depends when im done with practice. ill let u know when i get out
Thank you Lord for rain and the FRESH FOOD at Zuzu.
Thought about car wash coupons for your business fleet? That's what we do!
There's something incredibly disingenuous about dubbing over end credits bloopers.
try 'red meat' trout next time...it's Lent approved and delicious!
I bought size 6 jeans this weekend. SIZE SIX. Pass it on.
I would but what do I say? Haha
Keep it real and remain humble.
need an unexpected player to have an all-star worthy season. Ex: Gomez, Lucroy
suspicious.. ill go check this out.. my guess is giant phish sticker
You can never say your wrong even though you clearly are.
Happy Thanksgiving to all Tweeps! Give thanks every day and watch your blessings grow :-) ♥
miss you
You are not what you feel, you are what you believe. Your feelings will catch up if you're steadfast in your belief. #Joyce Meyer
Today's the day! Dine early, dine often to benefit - we love #DiningOutForLife!
Weekend fire in Crystal now believed to be arson
Cubs have a rain delay every other game
Milkshake. Vanilla. With whipped cream. Thanks. (Too early?)
im not short , im heiqht challenqed
worms grow to men in amniotic seas of hate.
tonight was just a joke.. I was so mad when I got off that stage..
RT : Still hate settling for late, rescued draws at home, though....
Just found out they are opening a new Trader Joe's and at 3rd and Fairfax. The reasons not to move keep adding up...
I'm thinking about doing the entire in my #sunglasses-glowing orb in sky now shining thru windows - YES!
Found myself at six flags magic mountain....for the free!
the great thing about yoga classes is that there are usually never any guys in them. It's not as cool as when there are guys usually..
I keep rethinking about my past;but looking for something in my life!
You just got caught TWEET JACKIN
lawyers deserve to be happy.
You'd have my vote! (:
I guess ill get a little high
Thanks to for showing me how to use C list to do some flipping.
Great night in #NOLA for a swirly treat!
Whether You Love Or Hate Austin Mahone he Is Always On Your Mind.......Face It He Is On Your Mind Cuz You Love Him!! <3 (;
It's cold as fuck in my 4th hour class... No joke
Spending my Saturday watching Libertarian National Convention on C-SPAN.
Trying to not wake my sleeping husband.
Couldn't imagine if it was one of my sons.
i was just over there today!
#hiring a #plantmanager in #maine #manufacturing #beverage email resume to
Having a low credit score is frustrating. Jenn Carr , can help! Her 90 day program gets credit scores in the good zone!
Happy #Travel #Tuesday everybody. Any #travel nightmare stories??
4-0 win over the SeaWolves tonight..now can we make it more than 1 in a row
how did you do that!
Yummo Rosie! #salsa I'm here Shaggy, lol. #sixtytwodays :D
Red Hot Chili Peppers top Lollapalooza lineup
Known as a granadilla where I come from. Granadilla ices on the beach were the best part of the summer as kids
go out with a bang ay ej?
Haha, I think I could pass on that ;D
holiday inn express n lol wats so funny
Has anybody seen Al Afalava and Mike Okwo?? How about Terry "the tank" Johnson??
We're here to make a dent in the universe. Otherwise why even be here?
i actully thought they had a chance at beating them
thanks for the follow. How are you today.
": So, how many of you have actually seen the very last scene in THE AVENGERS?___ ME
Half way there. Now we just need to get a "War Eagle" out of you.
hiya :D sorry for the lateass reply ^^;;
I don't understand how my favorite pair of jeans went missing...
Check out Joshua James at SXSW 2012.
However, what Lebanese dishes they have are authentically done. Aladdin's baklava, for example is made in house.
TY everyone who gave me #FF. So sweet... Love you, muah!!!
and for destroying that goon Ryan Seacrest's tux!
Fuckk I'm stuckk in traffic
Catching up on a lot of 24/7 and movies today.
Could not have picked a more beautiful day in the district to honor women everywhere! #IWD Happy International Women's Day :]
The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
how's house coming? What's the latest?
do you want to go?
Great read and take on the situation. Not sure I fully agree as the companies have diff biz models...but mobile will be key.
Have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart, well you can try sleeping in my bed <333333
my sister and her religious beliefs annoy me.
Glad I kept my mouth shut.
Rihanna...You can't send the message that after a man assaults you, you can return to him. Too many girls caught in that cycle.
sometimes we say things we don't mean. sometimes we hurt each other. but no matter what i will always love you...
You just have to find a way to piss me off !
Follow me PLEASE:D
According to , I'm influential about: robot. Robot? Don't let klout fool you, I know nothing about robots.
What you doing? Lol ": Law & Order SVU Marathon. Do not disturb."
God-breathed. Necessary.
When I'm stressed (like right now, stupid end of semester), I eat meals at crazily random times.
Want to talk books? Head on over to my account and join the discussion.
Finally got a chance to rea the Derrick Rose GQ article. His likability honestly is pretty off the charts. But two things: 1) I still.. 1/2
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals at Jaxx in Springfeild,VA this Saturday September 25th!
YOU TOO. <3 You're the reason I made this twitter account! Follow me please, AUSTIN! :D
I know some of you are planning an event right now.. be sure to contact us! We can help with one small detail or help plan the entire event!
I'm happiest when I have an organized
Slightly less evil (20 minutes in) landlord trying to force tenant to sign new lease (in the middle of the old one) forcing T to declaw cat.
So, you ordered a large double cheeseburger, a large fry, with a diet coke.....wtf is the point in your life?
Virtual organizations as way to create teams and connectedness within teams. Members must maintain other outside connections
Awww i love her :)
Need help with storm clean up in Midtown? Let us know, we will try to help or get you help!
Can somebody tell me how to go to see my rts on the twitter on the comp? please
I'm loving all this rain!! It's almost dandelion season!! WOOHOO!! Bring it on, Mother Nature!! ♥
Hey how you been?
that T was worth it
Piper U r AWESOME :)! U get all the good interviews!! We love #PipersPicksTV :)!
New Up North shirts available at the next show!
I saved some tickets for you. Come ask for Kristie at the Popped! Republic truck.
Age is how we determine how valuable you are. -Jane Elliot
Cover bands don't change the world. Don't be a cover band.
for the love of god...
hopefully not ! text me i have go buy my mom a mothers day gift (:
And how do you propose the MLB squashes outbursts towards umpires? In a sense that's part of the game, no?
Thanks to all veterans for your sacrifice.
oh, just ordered the last 3 records. how do i not have these?
Girl: What do you want to be when you grow up? Boy: Your husband.
I couldn't have said it any better!
100 points in a single game. 50 years ago today by wilt. Only game that never actually finished in nba.
When you can feel someone staring at you<<<
Your playing with fire
Nice to see u. How is ur day going?
My dad's at the Astro's game tonight (where they're wearing the Colt .45 uniforms), and Adam's going tomorrow. JERKS.
This will probably be the last time I wake up this early & sleep that late:)
How have you been? What are you up to these days?
Stairs would become the new Everest RT : What if everyone crab walked to get around?
will need to think srsly about it! For now...at vet with buca :( he's acting funny. Not haha funny
I guess
That functionality is supposed to be added by the end of the week with a software upgrade. :)
Join us for a nationwide charity event this Sunday, September 26, as we collect donations of hair for Children with Hairloss. cc:
we don't use any freaky chemicals, & base our decisions on the latest nutritional science. Hope to see you & soon!
#baltimore whats up I'm bored
A lot on my plate and mind today.
Lmao RT : I see you’re playing stupid. Looks like you’re winning too.
Had a great seminar on HP 3Par enterprise storage this afternoon! Took lots of notes, did very little doodling.
I got to watch it in class :)
sounds good! I will approve you when you request
Oh please don't say that name.
Excited about hanging with my bestie & fam game on Saturday. Ready the hotdogs & beer! #CamdenYards, here we come.
IF I GET ANY COMPLAINTS FOR SPAM AFTER I CHANGE MY PASSCODE, I WILL DELETE U MYSELF.
listening to tyga on pandora ! (:
I need a new pair of J's and a silver rosary!!
what time the game
Hahaha I'm watching u spread hate on chopped now too RT ": I'm shouting at line cooks."
In North Carolina discussing sustainability projects with two agencies.
I mean swept, lol
Must admit, I am curious. Seems like a place that should be in the Gaslamp, tho. ;)
And why did NorthKoreaNews just follow me?
First bike ride of the season! My butt will soon be angry.
it could be a Phineus and Ferb backyard beach :D
haha! Oh yes! I do that all the time :) well I try until my mom catches me -_- lol
ik lmao I got a new dress today lol
2 more FREE Locks given to email list customers for 4pm est games. Email us to get them.
Damn, they don't make them like you anymore
Long Bombs Away
Can't see Eagles investing big $$ at this point in O-Line (Kalil), RB (T-Rich) or WR (Blackmon). Already heavily invested in those positions
what is the airbrush app!?! Don't keep us hanging :)
Huh. Making predictions?
Liverpool RT : Thunder RT : Who won? Heat or Lakers
So how/where did you get the name Scorp/Scorpeze?
Emily, looking forward to your insights.
Foodies: #FF from My wildest fantasies cannot compare to her real life epicurean adventures.
This live tweeting is too exciting, I can barely contain my excitement at what's coming next!!!
Love is Louder <3
school is passing by too fast ;/
Junior high guys are so immature.
Congrats! It's an AMAZING song! <3
Sullivan is such a suck up. Remember his love for GWB?
Coconut water out of a can < coconut water from an actual coconut.
"Real achievement demands many consistent, focused efforts spread over long periods of time." in other words - keep at it!!
I don't get it?
you're welcome! :)
Well there's reason for concern now. Velocity isn't the same nor is his control. Usual signs of health issues.
what u do n tha 3 point contest.
Just in time for #bourbonchase, welcome to Twitter.
my eyes are peeled lol
this day is slowly getting better
I've never seen a walk to remember........
i love your new videoo<3
ur unique?Hmm probably not unique thought
Almost done with the new Stephen King book 11/22/63. It's so good.
Yes+proud of it! Love bantering w/a cheese head! RT While an awesome Hipstographer, Rebecca is a VIKING
30 Rock Recap: The Queen of Jordan Returns - Vulture
Listening to "Banjo" on the radio by & thinking abt hearing it live with while So good.
Super Mystery Jackpot clue: The artist was on TV show.
there is none, but one fresh and clean
Tisk tisk at cheaters watching cheaters it's crazy
i hate february
The Wednesday Letter by Jason F Wright.
When we r in the supermarket + someone rams our ankle w a shopping cart than apologizes 4 doing so, y do we say, 'It's all right,' it's not.
oh my b I mean are school work van . Hard to explain.
best game ever and could be a sporting event, "where's Mystikal?"
you're in class, you will be tough again
"Good luck, and may the odds be in your favor." They said that at least 9 times throughout the movie Hunger Games
I have never seen a cellphone shatter into so many pieces and still work.. damn thing just won't die
Thank you Warren! I know Wy !
"I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes." Yves Saint Laurent
can't wait!
Mental note: Don't change password at work before you go on vacation and if u do write it down.
hey your GM almost tweeted about pretty little liars from this account instead of his personal account. good thing that didnt happen.
just saw a movie with you and Alex O'louphlin
MK: 25 U.S. states are trying to pass laws banning Sharia.
Breaking: Obama Endorses Gay Marriage
smh did u tell her she smells like mothballs ? :')
'Girls' has this weird thing where Brian Williams' daughter is really hot, but also kind of horrible, and I don't know how to feel about it.
follow me now ?? That would be #Chill <3
My friend had some drunk guy try to bust into her room at #Harrahs #Vegas today. Mgr there accused her of inviting him to her rm.
Two big announcements from MCPSA today....
On further consideration, not a "big" win for C. Yes, pubs will go to them, but libs get 1 chapter/10% free.
my bad lmfao but u kno new york be going in
Waiting to see the one an only jb smoove with
sleep well MCA! you were an inspiration!
I pay Cherie to say those things! Lol:)
thank you sir. Had a great time last night. Looking forward to working together!
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it. ~Paul Valery
Oh my gosh, you're embarrassing 😒
And you were there!
Maybe you should? What's that mean!?
drive safe, I will be stuck, tired, at work till after 7am.
Do you have what it takes to be the best?
Northwestern grads give reliably good advice.
Oscars: Good start
I miss shopping with you !
Mattoon: It is important to understand structures/trends of other economies to get a better sense of int'l competition.
I ride a horse named mercy With a coat that's the colorofhope When you needsomeone we will comegalloping Carrying golden rope
Treat your sweet to a Couples Massage this weekend!!
Chase Budinger crushed the first round of the #spriteslam but I bet he does not win because this is just a pop contest now
Come on Gaffney, that celebrity sighting is not even worth tweeting.
isn't that the truth.
bring it tomorrow! Lol
The phone goes off as the previews begin.
like deadass right
damn ok Rachel! ;D
Elise is skyping my mom all the way from Korea to tell her happy mother's day!
lmao them was the days lol... too much fun
I wish I didn't know about it!
“: They say before you succeed, you gotta suffer” Amen. That's why you gotta keep going.
pregaming for the badger herald open house, here's to not making a fool of myself and/or hurting anybody, cross yr fingers.
IN my MotherFu*king pants. * Unzipps and looks down* oh yeah, she in there.
You rock!!
RT : Twitter VP Engineering Michael Abbott: "We're not a social network, we're an information network."
Miss c'ing you in the morning girl! ♥ KU, saw him 12 times last year and finally got to meet him in Milwaukee. Dream come true.
Haha...yup. Look forward to more great photos man.
Tonight we follow the Moroccan Spice Trail at Hipcooks on Live on
Also, also: I'm pretty excited about Spidey.
We're currently experiencing some problems, looking into it. Will update when we find out more.
so tired of life guard training and then gotta work again later tonight
I like Justin Bieber on #TheVoice. Cute song.
Pretty please donate? : )
Got arrested at the Mardi Gras for jumping on a float/My man MCA got a beard like a billy goat
Is a 'sprint jersey' something specific? I just bought a Novara one. Very light but not really tight around arms and chest.
It's Thursday & ur probably ready 4 a little sumpin' right? RU ready 4 A Little Sumpin' Wild? Well that's just what we have 4 u on tap now!
Kelly Kelly Clarkson
I don't want to get married or have kids. If that changes, cool! If not, cool! As long I live my life happily, I'm good :)
i only smell my own, and cause it smeels like old spice, but i don't wear old spice
Q1) metaphors quickly draw parallel from past, potentially shared experience
Step to the beat of my heart!
How is there not a cable network that just plays Casablanca and The Royal Tenenbaums on a loop yet?
we R not, don't know about anyone else... RT : are y'all or anybody getting the iversons
Just giving you a hard time. Congrats on the win. The Burgh can be very solid. Enjoy the strip. Something there for everyone.
am #workout! #GetItIn. No substitutions!
Losing faith in tht person <<<<
Gonna take a nap then algebra 2 hw Damn adult school is really taking away my energy >_<
I'm following you!!!
Will do. Express mail.
She not responding to me -_-
We'd like to invite you to our Fall Meetup on Oct. 21. We can give you all the info if you'd like to DM us.
awww :) We hope you had a great evening!
Thunderstorms everywhere in S. Fl. Thank goodness it didn't last weekend. :-)
Fave hidden gem museum is - lots of multimedia and participatory exhibits.
we're having a beer dinner with and Whole Foods Market Fort Lauderdale on Monday April 25! Stay tuned !
I'm in love with Jack White for the moment FYI. Blunderbuss is an AMAZING album.
Happy Thursday sale....blueberry 35 an 8th
Now Playing The Soul Crooners at West Coast Black Theater troupe in Sarasota FL
The 1:45 round will include the topics of: new online resources for media history researchers, lessons from journalism education and cover..
RT : How is music going to change the world? Check out the new website by INKster and find out!
Uggghhhh!!! rolled ankle !!!! No basketball for 3 days
Dude, thanks for the compliment/endorsement! Ha ha. You're a pro, though. I'm just an idiot w/ a WordPress blog.
Nashville 10. Gina 1. This city kicked. My. Ass.
Boxers are cute :)
Free iPad2 to the winner. Simple, Fun and FREE. Why not check us out! Have a little extra fun! www.playffnow.com
Hey #BrendaButtner #Foxnews I Can't believe you just said a McDonalds hamburger "is God's food" Your ignorance offends. Get thee to a gym.
Gonna be a goddess for halloween!
whats up im rocking out to your show! everyday
Charles St Farmers Market today 3-7pm N Charles at Lanvale.
because is acting like a child. He's trying to get his way, not do what's best for this country.
I got another nigga bitch wit me... And I'm falling for her
Come, and take choice of all my library, And so beguile thy sorrow. - William Shakespeare, Titus Andronicus
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
and....Blackboard goes down. Way to go, nameless LMS hosts.
So how bout that ride home guys.....I guess that's why the call it Indy.
NO...!!! that's not right... and where are the mushy peas ???
Bout to rock out the grill. Hand made burgers... You don't even notto
Cleaning up doggy vom and s...tuff all over the house. Poor little guy.
some #blackcrowes to start the week off right! fun stuff...
Had (I think) a reasonably successful audition today. Now is time for lots of Dexter.
thanks for sharing the info
Have you downloaded New Cd My Better Half? If not What are you waiting on
Whatever God brings you to.. He will bring you through. 
You need to go on tour!! Haha!
yeah I really don't care too much for her. All her songs are kinda the same and basic material.
this week I'm finally filming Two Indians Talking!
THAT IS AWESOME!!!! thanks for the love!!!
Go see The Help! Excellent movie!
Half off appss
you're welcome!! (:
#MattCavanuaghSays everything that the media reports is 100% fact
RT : Here we go! Q1: Who has a social media fundraising success story? cc
There are a lot more in the 2 hr workshop that I didn't have time to write up as blog cc
I didnt know you were around??
In Detroit, Michigan, it is illegal for a man to scowl at his wife on Sunday. Haha :)
the bronchitis idk I'll tell you when I find out
Holy crap he looks like his dad.
Bryan Ferry is going to be on Letterman tonight. Too kewl to miss for Roxy Music fans.
kira i known here since she was lilltle gurl she be sayin or call herself joker i think
All #students thrive in clear, fair, practiced, and dependable
Tweeting with fans. Literally.
I don't like to refer to Chipper Jones as Chipper. From now on he only exists to me as Larry Wayne Jones.I'm too sophisticated for nicknames
Most things we think r impossible in life is because we have never tried them. So go for every dream & opportunity before making a judgement
Best day ever!
is my favortie Male singer, ! I looveee you soo much, !
Go often to the house of thy friend; for weeds soon choke up the unused path. - Proverb
I cried when I found out you were gone
I want 2012 to be a good year. :)
If Padilla isn't a rapist then theres a new look for rapists
Dance your night away with our live DJ tonight!
On my way! To my baby house
Humane Society plans pet vaccination, microchip clinic - WJBC News
whats a no go?
Yeah, that's basically how it would of worked or another way that it might of turned out had mike lived was that my body would
Visiting Santa at Macy's in NYC. Nothing quite like it.
NICE!!! "SCHOLAR/DANCER
Totally useless tweet of the day: I'm going to have rice.
On my break and deff gonna take longer then 30min
yeah that, or, Twitter: For when you want to talk to yourself in front of a bunch of strangers.
Wake up 2 the dice game...lol
thanks anna
MusicNOW was PACKED.
I'm a very unusual basketball fan. I'm a Bucks fan, but if there's a team I'd love to see win the NBA Finals, it's the Bulls.
Don't stay in Miami too long. I'm going to miss you so much. I'm proud of you but don't forget SA. <3
you are my boy
Can't wait!
26 away from 600 followers!!!:) Can we do it while I'm at school???:)
Rude people at work <<<
ok here I go, just downloaded the myspace app to my phone!
Oh too cute.
good point
I was hacked! Sorry to all for the inconvenience and thanks for looking out for me.
"There is no such thing as a perfekt plan"
haha I miss you!
because Tampa is AWESOME.
whats up Man! Another sunny day in the #castro today!
Its been 4 years sense mom is gone. Im proud of myself for handoling yesterday well. I love you mom and Ill make anything work out for you!
Yes, Erika G was there! Just spoke with her about the upcoming pedagogy course. /db
This guy brought his five year old to a bar
Ward's at Check out Chef Kev on NOW!
RT : #SEO Tip:Update your site's content regularly.
Geeze just realized a lot of my friends aren't single.. And why am I still single
I hope I dont get burnt tomorrow?..:/
good golly maybe that's what all his gaffes have been!
I'm crossing things off of my 'to do' list like a boss.
RT : If you don't want people to complain about you online, then stop pushing out crap.
Hey, Michael. Yeah. I'm doing a quick "this is happening" preview. Then I want to profile some of the companies for sure.
thanks for the FF!
yeah buddy!
I'm not sure I know what you mean, but Gerry is a real person. And Halloween 3 is shitty
a shout out to all you amazing guys who bought me presents this week! lingerie and shoes and toys, oh my! wanna cum chat and spoil me too?
dude... that's amazing. Thai food. Perfect drankin' food.
#VCU OFFICIAL VIDEO ON YOUR CAMPUS
Don't worry Christianne
Im all 4 2nd chances,Not 10or more.They're more talented "non drug addicts" who deserve 2 work. Lohan does not!
Tax Credit Extented, Also Tax credit for current home owners who have owned for 5 years, $6500 Tax Credit. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
I like how Madonna copied #alejandro by obv
not like it is tomorrow...still over the 2 weeks prior for airfare. See you guys there!
Fire up your filters.
now being a #sacklesspussy and using the old "my account got hacked" method of defense.
Haly better be at school today
that sounds like a solid company.
any chance we'll see you at a track in Wisconsin this year ?
I can help lol ;-)
Being. A person is to complicated! Time to be. A unicorn bicthes! Or tree that gets photosynthesis
You are too sweet! I really enjoyed our conversation. Look forward to more.. :)
Friggin teen night is where it's at bro.
Happy Bday. I hope you have a great day. I admire your courage and your love for your family. You are an inspiration.
“: You know what it reminds me of?” No, what does it remind you of?
Seriously ? U suspend again?
RIP SLIM DUNK BRICK SQUAD MAFIA
I hope it's soon !
lol* i read it 'oreos' i supposed it just like lmao biscuit lol
The Fake Guy cheating my friend !
lmao you're one to talk
find a way?
There is nothing like the feeling you get driving down the neighborhood you grew up in.
Tweet dreams:))))
Coming up at 5:30: what's missing when it comes to linking a murder defendant to a professor's gruesome slaying
Fuck midterm test . Wa
RT : seems to me they should change the name of the #Budshootout to the BudRoundUP,she's turning into a free for all !
. Plz don't upset 30m people!
hey calm the fuck down curious lol. it was just to funny watching you put in the wrong passcode lmao!
waldo is in ur pants;)
Haha! That'd be amazing!!!
Sprint outside in a bathrobe & boots or miss garbage truck?
Welcome home! Excited to catch up on Wednesday :)
you did great Jeff (fox news)!!
TMC members-All new accounts that you sign up count as a referral and help toward winning the June Prize Giveaway. So tell all your friends!
go look atmy pictures
Ugh, I have a bad headache. :-(
You can choose to be present in this moment, for it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation occurs
2 more days until they announce the #iPad3 hope pre ordering goes live this year or else it's sad for me getting 1 from that first batch.
gotta take a step back before u go forward
Zanna, Don't! performances until the 18th of March! get your ticket today!
I too will no longer be known by the derogatory nick-name "K-Fat"
-___- ugh ": To all the millions of you who bought the No. 1 selling Tim Tebow Broncos jersey.....you now have a #throwback”
Enjoyed my first pumpkin-carving with Gavin last night. He wasn't nearly as into it as I was.
99/100! RT : "In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy." - J. Paul Getty
Check out the Lighting the Way trailer here:
he loves hockey! And football!
I'm right there with ya brotha.
next tuesday is my birthday hopefully I can find something by then.
Its always that weirdo n the computer lab for some reason smh to poor to buy a 300 $ laptop or some shit
Damned piñata cookies followed me home.
Just saw that tweet from Nov 3rd, but thank you kind sir! Do come back soon.
Good morning. Cheers to a summer like day! *tink
Slicer in Excel 2010 can be used to provide people with info without teaching them pivot tables.
Me!! ;-) RT you know who looks good at 50+?
Hah! But there's no nutmeg here right now. And by the way, I added a tad bit too much brown sugar.
im cooling doe .
ALWAYS great seeing you! Hope your cat is ok.
congratulations to you and your family!
is 1704 a new Loop?? ;)
WAIT HOLD IT. People talking about Third Eye Blind on my TL. Favorite!
Good lord. RT : #ipad now accounts for 89% of #mobile shopping revenue (via #marketingcharts).
thanks for sharing. Interesting to see how app developers are trying to incent users
Oh no! I wish I was there, too! I totally gave some to my roommate this weekend when she wasn't feeling well :) Miss you lady.
follow me back, Martin! ;) LoL
Thank you for a great keynote tonight! Liked the Case 1-5 SM Mgmt ideas
I really am sorry Keisha! I was outta line(:
thank you!
yeah. Where u?
Need some more heels.. Daddy??
Noelle Withington! You are a ROCKSTAR!!!! We're honored to count you among our friends and supporters!!!!
First time at brooklyn bowl.. for Soulive, Rahzel and Questlove. Pretty dope spot!
Ugh, 'the nanny diaries' is a thing
ha ha! One of my favourite match ups, Samson Vs. Zangief.
Haha says "yes my cat is cross eyed -thats not photoshopped guys"
And yet you could argue that my tweeting from SABEW is doing exactly what Blodget is saying not to do. The J-Conference Paradox?
A map, a fire, a knife, a key, one thing more, one thing more. It's me. :) lolz
<---- GO FOLLOW HER! SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!
Inside Story: Recent changes to the IL AIDS Drug Assistance Program have led to growing pains for program and applicants alike....
Why can't I have a lunch that looks like that anymore :(
The carnival was fun.
there was no link in your tweet. I'll look on the Make site...
Glad to have had your beauty there. “: thanks for allowing me to sitin on your reading! Now I'm inspired to do a lot ...
Jordy is doing manly things like building a fire with his bare hands while wearing a denim shirt
k can't wait to hear what you think:)
all good.It went really well.Good turn out and response. we do it again in June
"Bad artists copy. Good artists steal." - Pablo Picasso
your obviously drunk or faded as fuck
Tomorrow is Sunday right. RigHT!!!
People will be slow to adopt mHealth if the #healthIT revolution brings only increased medicalization and identity tied to disease.
& inspire me! Great question - tweet about the women in the #Museum world who inspire you today
Yes! The #pope is here ! I remember Jp2 visit to Ireland in 79 , me and Johnny logan took acid + saw god,
its your fault
And now to wash all the "Jersey Shore" out of my hair and off of my face. I better get an "A" for this.
This is just sick what New England is doing to Tenneessee. I think there should be a mercy rule.
A floating bookstore is such a great idea. They have the best possible ballast!
It's official - we began building our android app today - excited ! cc
I was crackin UP but seriously that's bad..
Here we come !! Givin' out goosebumps Sunday at Bobby Mcgees Chicago Ridge !! Get your tix soon www.aftonshows.com/divineblue !!!
Talking while taking a visual field...
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams love you all :*
time for you to start speaking as an expert about twitter + journalism. You are truly leading the pack
Welcome writer!
Show don't tell. Write for the eye first in screenplays.
The "Historical Society" wifi works better than the convention center's
so, YOU'RE the one who gave it to me.
I think has a coffee brand too. Begs the question, what would endorse?
Wow. They like the Badgers that much? Probably 18-21 range in the polls tomorrow?
Don't even -_-
get one if me cause you love me or your puppy :)
cause thats only way mayweather can avoid pacman, manny agreed to the olympic testing already
The homie gotta have a funeral... crazy...
could you explain what road beef is for people who might not understand. Lol. Btw what city has the best road beef
Heading out!
no doubt ..thanks
Wanting to brighten things up for summer??? Try a 24/7 highlight!!!! Book your appointment today at 414.988.4165 :)
sick! thank you:)
My relationship with my Ex was purely psychological... He was fucking psycho and I was logical.
Off to the Ravenna toddler playroom this morning. It's a madhouse of munchkins...
it's our thing -.- you want out of it ? o.0
If I ever have to see another #crowneplaza again I'll die.
Thanks for the RT!
he's way better the cp3 and remember he got a ring to
don't forget to set your little Wendy alarm tonight, izzo and tailgate wait for nobahdy
No D3 tonight :(
Call your dentist if you feel even a slight twinge. It may take an x-ray to pinpoint the crack, which can be smoothed or filled.
I would paint my nails and then realize I can't go to sleep until they're dry... Beauty is pain? More like beauty prevents sleep. 
if I really miss you I'll tell you. don't ask. you'll just make things awkward.
STOP. NO HE'S NOT.
Books are the glass of council to dress ourselves by. Bulstrode Whitlock
I'll be 19 next month :) you?
you can pick it up in the high school training room after school tomorrow!
I finally received my placement test results and well.... at least I'm not a total moron...
and if you're right, you can get on this here Twitter Machine and yell til your heart's content. Have fun.
Or perhaps a little bit of both.
On the way the DC on SILSSA's annual pilgrimage to the Library of Congress!
Playing @ Central Market Westgate in Austin this Wed @ 6:30! Great food + live music = Good Times!!
"Use the money you were spending on the war, use 1/2 to pay down debt, and use the other 1/2 to do some nation building right here at home!"
change the record already
I absolutely love my new glasses but hate having to get used to them
Strangers into friends, friends into acolytes, acolytes into missionaries. The plugin is called Psilocybin & it's awesome.
you aint never lie!
Oh and btw, I start a new job on Wednesday. Six months of unemployment over.
Those compassionate conservatives Bush referenced.
And its Atlanta area code..
Have a good weekend, Fellow Twitterers!
M&T chief calls for less government red tape, better schools
Back in Wilkes-Barre (whose idea was that?!) just 5 hrs late. Rethinking this whole flying thing.
RIP MCA. The beastie boys will never be the same.
I'm pretty sure the women of the LES broke in to my closet circa 1998 and stole all my Candies.
I miss being a lil girl
gayest not greatest!! Yea I posted that
thanks for making the weekend awesome!
QUOTES: Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. – George Van Valkenburg
Twitter. You fail when it comes to getting me my mentions -_-
3 search engines 4 'Wukane China' Nothing.Even on Twitter' I used christian Bale's name&story I was advi of was tech. prob. can't get info
yes. I wonder how many Ferris upstairs seats ....
Thanks for your support!! We're thrilled to have you on board :) Welcome to
#saysomething that doesnt remind me of my cruise this year :(
Carry on, you will always remember/Carry on, nothing equals the splendor/The center lights around your vanity/But surely heaven waits for u
Absolutely! It's nice to hear folks ask to pet before approaching a dog.
Thank you Mason...Can't wait to see you at Jan came out yesterday and visited for awhile.
Tweet your questions during a talk and project on twitter fall screens around the room
given the $3 service charge per ticket over $2 last year, and $15 ticket vs $10 last year you'd think they could do better.
WE LOVE YOU. Thanks for all the
It's a dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance.
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Hope everyone got drunk and laid last night and that the clothes we make helped in some small way..
In Canada, 40-70% of female murder victims were killed by their male partners.
I wanna wary that new show Girls on HBO. Looks like a legit way to waste my time.
New rule. Stop using the word 'genome.'
My mom strongly dislikes Bevis and Butthead...dunno why
People most likely get a lot of tweeting done when their shitting. I mean why do you think I am tweeting so much at the moment. :)
okay, im always ready! :)
Are you loving all these new tv spots for the upcoming summer season?
RT : Electric outage update: 196 customers out, 145 of them in E Mtns. Crews hope to get most of these folks on in next few hours.
Tsunami! Tsunami! Tsunami!!.
Many Patriots killed, houses burned to open way for others to Vote, though they never lived to see the USA. Some whine they have to get ID?
SERIOUSLY I HATE YOU SPRINT
Thanks for the Fol&RT mention! Hope you have a great weekend!
I love Stacey Dash! She looks incredible for her age
For the Record: I'm on my "Rhianna Quote at Night Thing". I love how she quotes stuff that seem so deep yet sound crazy...Moscato...lol.
in Newport Beach by these expensive homes. i dont remember the street name because its a small street. I know by vision.
no screaming chickens in the dream, just a dennys in downtown Madison where there isn't one…
Preparing artwork for a moving and storage company in New Jersey. Shipping out 500 printed pullover hoodies today for them.
You don't know what you don't know that you don't know! I learned something about myself that I didn't know I didn't know. A aha moment.
Feeling lost At this very moment. . . like every time. . . i just do for the wrong ppl and i make a fool. Smh last Valentines day. real talk
Just finished watching Project X with my girl.
Right on!
How come?
Our RefWorks seminar is actually tomorrow at 12PM. We're so excited at the prospect of showing you this great tool :)
Good luck, Eric. RT : Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot. I just vote!
We love our fans, and people willing to give us a chance. We do not give a shit about closed minded scene fucks
#EverydayIThinkAbout...the money!
love u girl! Congrat and thank for u advices! Xoxo
LOL this girl tried giving me attitude today at work thinking she was cute with her hello kitty tattoo. 😂
Paul Brown~ A winner never whines.
If you are not getting the results you're looking for, make the needed corrections and try again. Quiting is not an option.
Beast Mode Click......Unleash the beast....we are ready to prowl!!
Just a reminder that the Meet Gary Vaynerchuk #tweetup tonight is from 430-6pm at (Lakefront Brewery). See you there!
He's a player
that's awesome
I called with 'oddy' that's cute I think ? ._. Would you ?
Selena Gomez's song Middle of Nowhere >>>>♥♫
Im not slow...I just choose to pace my thoughts!!:))
Some of my employees are mentally challenged.....I hope none of them follow me on twitter.....I did block them from my facebook
And thanks to the second lady who asked just now when she joined said lady's table.
Thanks for all who have served or are serving our country!
The Mega Millions jackpot for Friday's drawing is now estimated at $540 million.
:) guess u figured out how to login! Love u too
Believe it or NOT, there R worse things than having a loved one in prison.
go be the Rockstar I Know you were born to be!
Thanks for the follow! I love seeing the confluence of spirituality & parenting; so integral to each other. Peace!
Caught the ice cream man! Cookies n cream<3
no freaking way! youre in Austin?!! 😲 ahh! ❤
I used to be a sinner... BUT GOD!
If I say thank you, its nice to say "you're welcome". . . Even if you're a teacher. -__-
happy kwanza and my friend was like what and he said idk if shes jewish and we laughed. hes so funny
Life in permanent beta.
very much so
why you got to hate Messner?
Gerard Robinson "one size CAN'T fit all in education."
<3 it would be nice if you texted me;)
Many "Diagnosed" with Altzheimer's have old head injury. Do you ever wonder about Pres. Reagan? Subdural hematoma from TBI.
If I were to do that and set that in front of my husband for dinner, I'm fairly certain he would stare at it then laugh.
Ill be there tomorrow lol RT : um
very similar to what happens in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia, which also affects OFC area
The Weezing looks so awesome.
Sweats all day every day
"I can't give away my most romantic thing, then other guys are gonna know my romantic...things." -- lmfao Justin Bieber
word to me son, it is hard to compete with the waist to ass ratio of That shit don't make any sense.
chemistry book actually..
Got Your # Still...I Want To Talk Shows & We Should Get Up & Do A Joint To Catapult Things For Us Both.
Luv the new Honda commercial w/the fam doing Ozzy.
“: I want to meet someone new.” -- what's up ? I'm Quinton lol
OH I get your tweet now #nosey :l
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Hi guys! What's Up? What r u doing?
kris jenner makes me laugh :')
Speaking of reviews has a great one of Jon Marks' book
I'm surprised your car doesn't continually reek of Chinese food.
Read Denise's farewell msg: bit.ly/9pAcg8 Come to tonight's mtg to wish her well &plan for Empowerment Day!
they need incentives. I believe teachers took the time to learn how to use active board b/c of the ready-made lessons.
We're switching our username to to match our new branding, there shouldn't be a need to re-follow, just a heads up. Cheers!
I think there was more sunshine in the 70's (as in K.C. and the..., I'm walking on..., etc., etc.)
Thanks for sharing my latest post - I truly appreciate the support.
When I see your face there's not a thing that I would change Except the direction I'm walking
That's what she said
just wanted to say I'm thinking of you. Interesting year to work at All Sports Museum, or any sports museum.
That wasn't the question I asked :-) I'll wait for an answer.
A reminder to delegates: your Pre-Primary Endorsement meetings are this weekend! More info at: www.sddemocrats.org/events.asp
Saying Kroger is an outstanding company and the action of the OTR store don't line up. If it's that bad, kill it.
Hey dudes :)
Follow me back! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:*
How is winning an oscar "HUMBLING?"
I was rolling when she fell in the throw up!!!
Of course Santorum wins Minnesota caucus. That's where Lake Woebegone is. Damn you, Garrison Keillor. DAMN YOU.
Maybe I can stick em in your pockets, run em through your hair and we can get to rockin' #thomasrhett 💜
People are ignorant af !
Having a brief affair with a katydid while the bf is out with his new mfa-ers. Hoping for some stridulation.
Mine and 'a tweeting spree. >>
play a good team and then y'all can talk but for now y'all poo poo
You have not replied to my request!
People say I look like rob dyrdek :/ good or bad?
Who do all the (fake, never went to or have any connection to) Dook basketball fans root for now in the tourney?
The Hunger Games (Book > Movie). But the movie was still really good, just not as good as the book.
Would love that! : Hi Darnell! I sent you a DM ~ Re: What's Trending In Seattle #Interview #GirlPowerHour Would love to chat!"
What do you think? Should researchers be allowed to eat in the archives? Does it depend on the value of the documents they are viewing?
Also known as Kimberly Austin, Im a TV strategist 4 the Harlem Globetrotters. Brander, connector, environmental cocktailer, actress & host!
Mille grazie, bella! RT : Happy birthday to , who is as smart as she is lovely.
I have a heart on for you!
The more people i meet the more i wanna be with you !<3
What test do you have to pass to get admitted into the Academy of Country Music?
you are welcome!! Thanks for coming out!
Hope everyone has a great weekend! Happy Passover and Happy Easter!
Come to the conclusion guys want sex more then relationship's lOl
just try thts all u can do
I guess the lake's dirty anyway, or so I've heard. You'd have a lakefront view!
Am I really tweeting? Or is it just the drugs making me think I joined twitter?
follow back?
coffee date? Spill it!!!
ever consider openning restaurant chain...locating near or in gyms? Serving meals geared to individual training habits and needs?
oh I know it wasn't bad. I read the conversation from the beginning :) and somebody thinks I'm fucking hot
Thanks Larry For Everything.........Joseph D'Ambrosio
Now off to #SanFrancisco to explore the city and go hiking with Brian and Laura
At home, Bumping music, doing homework, Great day :)
RT " Who is "RT" and why is he copying my tweets" It happened again!
''West Memphis starting to be borin"
Now the question is, are we all that dumb or is there something really wrong with you? That is a sick writing skill.
Thanks for following! We've been dying to have a Ferret Party, you all are the true party animals!
Ballou Marching Band will be waiting on the tarmac“:
Today! Harvard Library Thinks Big event in Sanders at 4pm kicks off Harvard Library conversations series: bit.ly/hlsc11
This sucks.
its hard to fake a smile during school and act like i'm okay, but when i get home and when i'm alone i cant hide the fact that i'm depressed
1 lb of fat = 3500 calories. lose 1 lb a week by eating 250 less calories & burning 250 calories each day
Q7: Nutcrackers were first handcrafted in 17th century Saxony. Will any of your gifts be homemade?
The train is always leaving as I enter the platform
I knowww I was hype as shit when I heard that! Lol
About to do my first official workout of 2012 in the form of Bootcamp w/ . Go hard or go home right?
Levon Helm died today...so sad. You inspire me so much to be a better musician.
We you get finished pretending then life will begin.
yes please !
RT What we look for in others is what's missing in US. We have to learn to complete ourselves.
Ahh they changed the username. Wow…
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 15
Thank you!!
I once chewed an apple into a sculpture of Abraham Lincoln's head.
Don't let the rain stop you, come down to jeppa joes for lunch at marquette campus (15th and wells)
now I can work a 40 hour week without the stress of school
Just completely messed up a friendship that was important.
lol. amen. All is well with me and mines over here too. Happy Thanksgiving to you too. I may c u @ K&G 2moro
I kinda wanna shit but I don't feel like making the effort.
Great. I just picked that up last night too...
Dope, i couldnt find u
I just dropped off your new seamstress! Wahoo -- you will be looking sexy!
Demi is so inspiring ❤
What a great day it is. Fingers crossed.
You're going Hollywood on me :)
": I want one of those. Where did you order it from?"///The Obama website. Go to store.
HAHAHA he was great. We never took a picture with him :(((
watching hockey in the den and my RA asks if we can turn on nba #thatajoke?
So many wishes! better save some for tomororw ;)
Not fan of American Idol tonight... Skylar by far is one of the best singers in that competition
Two days until the big move to 162 Boylston! Wait until you see our new digs, people. They're amazing.
Have a Happy New Year!
OMG....HAVE U BEEN DRINKING LATELY ........PLZ DON'T DRIVE STAY SAVE...... BYE
SAN DIEGO STAND-UP! SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL STARZ! APR.12! RILEYS MUSIC LOUNGE! PERFORMING LIVE WILL BE CRISIS INSANE, FLASHIUS G. CLAY, PAKMAN
Damn, I hate when something bad happens to someone close and there isn't shit you can do or say to help.
I get the absolute worst tans
I listened to Daniel Tosh's standup where he described the whole movie in about 30 minutes. That was enough for me.
thanks for being Champions of the Community partner
Me favorite session today was illinois's experimental android apps
just got my bike stolen off the Rapid 780 headed W from Vermont/Prospect. Blck/gold, single speed. kill them.
Lmao it's not that serious, i just asked a question
Follow for details about Kansas City Urban Fashion Fest
#13 Evelyn's Place (YES!) - New Orleans, LA
See you tonight at
This Is Gunna Be Our Year. #JustSaying :)
thank you beautiful! you were lookin' fine at your premiere!
RT Gallant Knight is back! Here I come, baby.
Did you know Obama is a lefty too? Like YOU and ME <3 x
Yes, a Rt. 10 will make that trip. Have you tried Google Trip Planner? Many people find this an easy tool for planning trips.
absolutely a number of friends and I were just saying that #dondraper is just not doing it for us anymore!
I must be eight feet taller than everyone in here. I'm like some displaced giant...
Hey There! I'm a NEW FOLLOWER of This Way To The Egress -- and I'm mentioning the post/status on FB that told me of a prize.
Jamaican Proverb: "You tink a one day monkey want wife" Translation never forget those who helped you
Rockies need to get back on a roll and it starts tonight!
Can't wait for #streetleage tomorrow! #stoked!!!! Cant wait for the gnarylest skateboard contest!
3BR/2BA Single Family House in Dunwoody area. $1650/mth $800 Sec Dep. Inbox me for more details (Please Re Tweet)
Amy, thanks for following me.
Yes, I did. Marimekko comes to Mingei soon. Will let you know ads M DAY approaches,
Beautiful soul by Jesse McCartney <3
i remember all the looks on ur face when i told u i love you...........
it was most good! I thought it was pretty bomb. Great writing. Channing and Rachel looked good together on screen.
Man, Taskmaster's voice in USM SUCKS! Nowhere near as cool & unique as the NY accent he had in MvC3! is the ONLY Tasky!
Let's Go Blazers!! #RipCity Gotta hit some of those 3s!
#Scandal is an amazing show. Great writing and cast. With every ep. it gets better.
Why the hell am I still getting UK Now emails?
hey i <3u, but come up with an avatar pic better than the goose egg
my head wants to explode ;(
Another way to develop relationships with faculty and students: be a student, take a class! (Second masters, anyone?)
I need niggas thats gon ride til the wheels pop not niggas who ride wen its necessary for them
Clever and funny!
Finally home.<3
Can your office be reached from virtualy anywhere?
Shirt off, boxers showing, sweatpants sagging, dancing to music. #OnlySaggInTheCribb #GreatStartToSunday!
Weekend Tip: Three keys for playing in the wind On Friday, the 50,000-pound Space Shuttle Enterprise made its final flight, piggybacking
100 days till Brewers Home Opener 2012.
Kuuuuush in the swisher, money over bitches.
My starbucks taste gross, i hate when they fuck up 
You've entered right? So you COULD be the winner of a $700 Macy's Card or $100 from Jeni's Ice Cream!...
Last night was something else but oh well on to the next day with a can of new ambition
When you hear the expression "moderate drinker" what do you think? Asking for a friend.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
We are all on Light St !
the world needs ditch diggers Danny....judge smails
My blog I just tweeted a link to has the complete press release of details
I throw baseballs into the stands better than Josh Hamilton
Several people on this flight look like librarians. I'm guessing they aren't.
Coworker on my painting from last night: "It's not good, but I saw worse things my first year of art school" I'll take it!
I'm hungry.
Thunder well yea i keep on forgetting about them. we will see
My mom is so stupid though. I don't give a fuck if your mad at my sister I'm not gonna let you take it out on me.
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
Damn somebody got killed in the trappers
It's a slow day
Er, "safe" travels ;) RT : Save travels - enjoy Cambodia!
