E-mail from Friends of Patterson Park's heading reads, "Battle against obesity canceled." I guess we didn't stand a chance.
“: I'm not as excited for prom but I want all the seniors (TK boys) I'm going with to have a blast (:” make sure u put out.
“: interesting show....um. is that what ppl fro. Tampa call themselves? Tampons?”oh yah, full blooded too. Lol
My ipod is completely donzo
Tanning weather :)
I have a princess, in fact I have a Pink Princess and her name is Ariana Grande ( )
Greys's Anatomy!!!
Being that its nice out ima face a L to the neck and stare at the sun .
Which reminds me - Noel wanted one that says "PHd" in rhinestones commencement. I'll have to get you the files...
Do YouTube show following my teenage cancer life? Getting mostly positive feedback so it just may happen
....Unions broadly and working people in gen. should not be expected to take all the hits in the economy.
we are down there at 5 and would love to sell you tickets. Call 206 816 5648
Thinking about a vacation their. Flying time is extreme though, I'll text you about it.
...rolled one up....bout to light it up....bout to go to work high as fuck...
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Smurfs" - Harry must battle "He Who Must Not Be Smurfed" and save everyone from turning blue.
Considering the fact that I have very little idea of how to use ANY sewing machine, I am a bit stumped at where to start...
Must win for the #Knicks tonight! Gotta put some pressure on Miami!
Good looking newsletter my friend
Research and Markets: Power Wheelchair Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
How about that Jeff Foster retiring after his 13 season......#PacerFans the last living legend images the squad
#thoughtsduringschool when will I ever use this crap in my life
Good luck to you too Larissa!
I'm eating cake and drinking tequila!
he know that it be a wrap when I'm ridin it from the back
Restart time and stop the clocks. Remove authority, disappate the cops. Do nothing wrong, what is right? Every born man get up to fight!
oh wow... good luck to both of you!!
No, Dick Bremer, you're not making us feel better about the #Twins by saying repeatedly how bad the #Angels are faring by comparison
What's new? Has anyone started school yet?
oh bryan, your like an old person when it comes to technology
re writing: Jesus. Re bdsm: Mom's know there are romance novels that cover that too right?
Good Morning, Lady. Im up eating some chicken spaghetti right now. Thanks sweetie
lmfao. I'm a sarcastic asshole. Haha 😂 sorry I didn't text you back I fell asleep. 😞💤
cute kid in my building.....
Not yet.
#flounders blow the whistle!!!!
ARE YOU SERIOUUS!
Agreed. This one person obviously was having a bad day. I don't deserve to be on the receiving end of that.
Also, dubbythe1 is driving from PA. and will be there, too.
Dreamweaver just erased 2 hours worth of work, even though i saved the files every 5 minutes. Actually it erased 2 folders. Blah :(
I love you, I love you, oh, and I love you.
I hate mixed signals. Like the difference between indifference and #disdain .
Games are #1 way that museums are engaging visitors socially. C.f. online survey
(c)would be greatly appreciated! it's hollibenfield04 :)
RT : If you like ribs you should give Twin Anchors a try. Probably the best ribs and bbq sauce I've had.
So, a month ago, Iowa didn't matter. But now, the mistake there might have made the difference.
Good call; that looks nice. Got as far as Dutch 809 but it was getting a little too whimsical or chintzy or something
thanks for the tip - will pick it up!
Talkin on the phone as always with my husband :)
it's good to have realizations. like the one that tells you that you've been studying music for over 14 years & you know how to identify it.
Let Crosby play or he will tell.
We are pushing closer and closer to v1 launch! Expect more info in the coming days!
Praying for you !! You stay strong! The Weddle family loves you
lol cool, I'm just reading your tweets, they are so amazing I love them!!!
3 hour ride to pennsylvania
Who am I kidding. I love them all on
Will everyone stop being so freaking awesome so I could go home sober at least one night this week!
It's getting heated in here folks! Are you tuned in? Sen. Durbin is digging deep.
I in research for help to safe my daughter, If you know are have any idea what can be done read my next step on kristy symptoms.
First day of training at Native Foods Cafe!
I'm a harsh person lol
Thanks for the retweet!!
I'm tweeting man & I'm taking pics at this show Lmao.....j/k....I'm ready to laugh!
I love samples, best music! RT : Can't sleep with the 70's soul channel on bc i keep hearing samples i can use or have been used
Does anyone know what's the easiest way to start a tea business, so that I can just stay home and drink tea?!
oh..haha ok:) wat tweet were u tryin to reply to?
Pretty amazing what we've been able to accomplish across the world in a few generations, isn't it?
We will DM all winners after the party.
RT : KEEP VOTING KEEP VOTING 4 HEART ATTACK  SO HE CAN STAY #1 ON 106 &amp; PARK COUNTDOWN
KIRBBB come to me :(
Batting cages with and Shane mudd
Very fun! RT : Calling all Pinners! Just created a Banner Brunch 2012 board so be sure to pin your photos tomorrow!
Cubs lost, but we have our friends, our Old Style, our Wrigley and our city... Somebody try beating THAT.
i was next to a river yesterday watching fish jump. happy summer is almost here!
Yes! Whats your work email? I need to communicate
ha, amen.
has the best presentation period Wish you did picture in picture for all sports! Especially what u did with commercials
we NEED an album from Make this happen....please
I'm still on a look out for that hair.
is an entertainer. Great job on #TheVoice & "Red River Blue". Blake's hot wife #NowPlaying on
nice view, huh?
Make sure y'all tune into the show tonight unique n athenia talkin about apps
Congrats on the funding, that's awesome!
at the end of Q1, Jam down 21-17.. Bakersfield shot 36% from the field
Good fucking mooning people
TWEET And Tell Them You Want On It !!!!!
check out latest radio ad on FB page
pretty please follow??
I'm into you <3
In da barber shop tryna get fresh... Feelin a lil bit hung ova. Otherwise... Good mornin folks!
help me :(
TGIF......... can I get a AMEND(Brown Voice)
Everyone go and wish the one and only a happy birthday !
Let out all the frustrations...
RT The purest love in the world exists between a rapper and his exotic fish tank.
What's up with the masn broadcast today? Didn't know I switched to directv and their awful broadcast?
I never ask for a perfect relationship.All I want is a simple one. & a person who will stay with me until the end of my journey
me personally-i dont like questioning anything that I do in every aspect of my life but honestly in my opinion u r great @ both ;)
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. ~Carlos Castaneda
Wow...today marks 6 years since you have passed. RIP Eddie Guerrero u r truly missed.
I had BB torch hahah..but now I have Iphone 4..and I think iphone is better So do U have msn ??
Is researching the "gas shortage" in Atlanta. The dropping prices are proof positive that we were scammed after "Hurricane IKE"!
Thanks for checking out our video! We know is going to be a beast for the
RT : Off to okc for an appointment at ou health sciences!
So ready for this day to end
RT You need to let cross-off #79 and dance on your show
Did he or did he not sing the HELL outta Etta James' "I'd rather be blind." -- Damn.
12! I was 14 when I started and I'm done when I'm 18. I would love to go there(: I love cold. I love when it's sunny but cold.
said heela good hood wings i had today
can you do an interview Thursday at 10 coffee?
gave the fans some relief, #lucky13 it is.
Not taking the time to vote is something I will always regret. Fuck North Carolina. I don't belong here.
Quest to stop biting nails/cuticles has begun. Rubber band is on the wrist and is in constant action. Owwww.
RT Investors in film don't understand a solid ROI. They only understand "Sundance" and "Cannes."
RT : Thanks 4 coming 2 visit us we hope u had a gr8 time! :) *Yes I did-food was gr8 & company was awesome ()
I'll be out there soon.
u rock!!
Congratulations Dawgs, Outright Pac-12 champs!
Saw your punk'd episode. Priceless
Seriously? They're re-releasing Phantom Menace? Who the hell is gonna pay $13 to see that in 3d?
we got you covered!
Today has been sad
I think is my new favorite restaurant
hahah 😂😂 same here anything for some food 🍔🍟 lol I hate driving tho
do you see the possibilities? Each day brings something - keep paying attention!
RT #FF more awesome women *thanks julie!! xo*
THANK U AGAIN FOR COMING TOO WEST PALM BEACH
did you guys ever find to party? She's awesome!
Unexpected b-school bonus #4: Hot Indian Chicks.
pooper scooping my yard while Jake is doing the Lord's work in Guatemala.
“: Well, this is only one of the greatest NFL games ever played. 4 lead changes in final 4 minutes #49ers #Saints” FTW!
Missouri softball team completes sweep of Iowa State - Columbia Missourian
Sitting in the lobby of the Standard watching people pump out of the rotating doors! Didn't intend on it but its so amusing!
I love The Beatles. I really do. But it's really annoying that I can't listen to them through only one earphone. I mean, even they hated it.
is on a quest for the perfect jeans
We're everywhere. ;)
Mine are like 's It's pre-programmed and will change as needed. I never touch it. lol
Happy Mother's Day ladies!
That's kind of what I'm guessing as well.
Y'all look so hot after that shoot out scene
Arguments against cutting small NC Comm colleges. Don't cut colleges- share administration. Everyone is a dean or a VP.~Don
you should do a review on us! :)
I don't smoke pot but I would still like the bong Marty used in Cabin In The Woods. I will also accept in general. Hes so cute.
The 2013 DeMarini M2M BBCOR! They say it's the love child of Rambo and Wonderwoman... You can't go wrong with that! Get it now!...
Looking for some cultural advice here. If you run out of spring roll is it ok to eat the peanut sauce straight?
rt You have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
Summer is so close, I can't wait.
So what are some of the best courses online for internet marketing, SM, SEO, PPC, affiliate marketing, etc...
RT : Thanks for joining our Exploring Engagement Fund webinar today. We will post the recording tomorrow on our website.
Bouta go play basketball :D yayy I havent done this ina while .
Thanks for the re-tweet. My lower back feels better already. :)
liquor mart and sushi?
Mourning the passing of #DavyJones. Many an after-school afternoon was spent with The Monkees, Daydream Believing about being in a band.
Everyone's tweeting like they're a gangster tonight
#Dallas and #Cowboys get trending topics, but no #Green Bay or #Packers. Sons of bitches!
Orlando doesn't have enough "magic" to win against the Bucks tonight! Support your team at home at 9 p.m.
#FF : I'm happy to follow u back :)
Like a kid on a bed i could jump for joy all day :)
miss you too. Just let me knowww :)
just unboxed my audiocubes. can't wait to give them a try!
Apology accepted..! haha you baztard, ..I know ya just doin ya damn thang. Thank you man for puttin a lil shine on our team
how was last nite ladies ?! sorry I had to cancel :( bo
Reports: Republican leadership slows Issa move to hold Holder in contempt over
screw Spike Lee he's an ass Knicks fans haven't had anything in years why worry about them now
Let me put this to the public: would you try a hamburger-flavored frozen yogurt? Even just once so you could know what it tasted like?
excellent idea-the best of both worlds!
going to have to get me one of those...
is he still goin on about #unicorns?? #talkaboutbackorders :-) jk!!
Let's go Tigers!
: wearing my irish gpa sweater n thinkin of you
Vin Diesel Teases Two More Riddick Sequels
RT : Set your DVR's or watch live! My mom & I will be on the tomorrow 4/25!
I love Color blocking💜💙💚❤
DEAR CROOKS - This is a bad week to be a crook in Washington DC - Its National Police Week here, 1,000's of Police Officers are in town
always accepting new members to
You've got a knack.
thanks alot you are awesome I will love to meet you -RobenX
Finally out of SCHOOL :D YAYA <3
LMAO RT : For those of you who don't understand how the internet works today, I'm totally in favor of taxing the shit out of the rich.
#AllStaff meeting consisted of lots of #Warof1812 talk. Installation may start in 2 weeks. Deinstallation & painting began a few weeks ago.
naperville IL?
I just got my Museum magazine in the mail today and your name is on the cover!
You know i'll buy anything you're selling. Sign me up for some weight loss product while you're at it.
UPCOMING SHOW: 8/11 Pittsburgh, PA - Hard Rock Cafe
Just dropped off the last payment for my husband's car in the mailbox. No more car payment!! Yeah!!
Lmao ": James Harden deserves another elbow to the head 😏"
TONIGHT....No scheduling conflicts... MST so adjust your timezone TONIGHT getting dumb on ya eardrum
girls night soon?!?
Idiot’s Guide to the Convergence Review: new media
twitter not actually sending my friend's tweets to my phone <<<<<<<<<<<<
Think the worker wasn't ready for the prayers out in the parking lot. missed fox chat though.
no rush :) something that can be set up later in the fall or winter. Can discuss later.
what about when it rains?
RT Ill keep a smile on her face when no other man could, thats wat separates the alphas from betas
Character is how you treat those who can't help you
Jus woke up ugh tired af follow me tho n n ill follow bak>>>
God doesn't give us trials He doesn't think we can handle.
Best hero movie ever (avengers
Hmm Depp does sound a bit scouse now that you mention it. Must be the rum. ;)
when u make breakfast for your mom and she smiles while she chews and swallows hard.
of course Jim Joyce would have a villainous mustache
Hope you get some rest soon.
YouTube Question Of The Week: What's under your bed? Respond with an answer! Can't wait to share these in the video! Thanks!
Shame. Rather good actually!
I'm tired but don't wanna sleep.
It's national burger month. Let the #BurgerGames begin!
Only the once? Well, if I remember correctly, you had sticker shock/basket issues at A and V. Love the desserts.
#FF Great Home Builders , , ,
you're very welcome Sarah. Thank you for your kind words. :)
Please do another call soon!!
We're number 32175 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts. www.reverbnation.com/caliburr
Package is the worst word in the world
the other night colleen and i were out.. and we were being negative about a guy wearing nautica ew
You talking completion %? Total completions? From first year starter? Brady was 52% (I believe) and Eli was 47%.
No way! Mine didn't say treat! Did 's? Don't people need treats too?
The Bucks face the Atlanta Hawks here in Wisconsin tonight at 8 p.m. Go, Bucks!
All this Polo on iGot Horse POWER ' llsss
At Buffalo Wild Wings! Believe it or not!
WOO!!!!!!! hahahah! and they dont have twitters.... #losers!
Ans: Yellowstone National Park was established in 1872 under President Ulysses S. Grant.
T.v. i meant
My pleasure! Hoping that now the semester has ended, I'll be able to make #futrchat sessions this summer.
I loved Garret's glasses!
I enjoyed your piece in I can't even imagine writing something about my father passing.
ha yeah I saw the ad in the magazine. Wish we could jump on one of those shows. U guys crush it down here
and "Jesse" <3333
i've been stuck at 294 followers -_- i gain some but then loose others!! FTW
Yeah, everyone is retired for the night, Celtics just took my wind out. I'll see you at 830 breakfast
Twitter trouble oh brother...oh wait...
good night! thanks for coming and being the badass that you are
Rangers game commentary - haha! RT Thats a mexican play right there. #notracist they are mexican!
Thanks for listening!
Time for some horror movies!!! Or maybe just watchin the latest Bones and Glee... Either way... :P
Just started a fire with just a spark and "off" bug spray.
Doing some homework and studying for my Midterm tomorrow.
Just a friendly reminder that all Facebook apps will need secure access starting tomorrow.
Escape to show this weekend & see , & perform live on Virtual Opry Stage. Doors at 4:30PM
Hey Sweet!
Don't have cable so can't watch the game. But judging from the box score, the Flyers decided to rest their players tonight. All of them.
Lol omg carlee n Thomas all over my TL hella flirting n sht. Like damn !
We can absolutely get it trending! How about #S&AWedWknd? you down with our hashtag?
If it ain't food channel it ain't worth watching.
I'm known for taking what I deserve, and you're overdue
#fridayreads (audio) April Lady by Georgette Heyer (a love story between people already married to each other!)
Read it
Meek mills 2chain coldest rappers
I'm mad this Lucas kid was lighting us up. Someone needs to put a bounty on him lol
Having a Superbowl party? We have football sugar cookies and NY Giant and New England Patriot cupcakes! Place your orders early!
I love New Orleans and love what you are doing!
Howard Homecoming KickOff Party 911 F. St NW DC LADIES 21+=FREE B4 12 "KATIE'S List" TXT names of u & ur guests to: 7034073810
Christian Louboutin to Launch Beauty Line in 2013!!!
gah! had to make a new twitter cuhss i forgot my oldd login! hehe oops ;o but im back! ;D
I only don't like one song: Synthesia or w/e lol. Makes me feel like I'm on acid. How u been?
Glad to be back in kc. Now gotta figure out where to live. Any ideas?
Come Check out Joe Cheeta's Game Show at Jumper's Junction tonight in Washington, PA tonight 11-3-11 from 7-pm.
Fun chatting, glad to know you + thanks for coming up for the event! cc
Finally cleaned out my old fs...now i gotta wait for a ride home
Are you planning to drop an Album or a Song? We make sure that all leaks disappear and we keep monitoring your work for potential violations
yes most def (:
is retweeting people so I thought I'd tweet them. #tweet Go check their music out!
I work so much better on desktops, I think I'm just going to get me a iMac eventually.
I sent that email
I'm cracking up at your use of 🎎 😂
"would you buy a drone / to walk your kid / to school" = clearly middle-period radiohead lyrics
..you are missed
I am Steve O
I wish there was a Spus game to go to today, oh well! :-(
AUSTIN GETS HIS BRACES OFF TODAY!!!!! I'm on that "proud mother" status right now. :')
NEW: 10" Laptops also available for ease of Medical Professional’s bedside/office charting. See web-site for details.
on MY WAY MS 🐧
based on women's physical capabilities.
what's your paper on. Give me a question
Why people sit behind homeplate and act like a jackass!!
Stoked RT : hey I'm bringing a crew next weekend 5/5 for my bday.
hahah yeahh your so funny..... no wait i was only laughing at your face... yeah FUCK YOU
7 am waking up in the morning gotta hit snooze so I can go back to sleep
Up late doing work!
Day two of Winter Film Awards~the party continues at Skyroom, happening right now!!
FF Tactics: War of the Lions
Aw rats!! If anything bad happens here in the past due to the 13th, I'll be sure to let you know.
It's 1:30 and ur still txting me...I'm not answering
Thanks! Aloha from L.A. :)
In the garage?
Never rent to family!
And some guy sniffing his new dictionary....#Buffalo you amaze me daily.
its gne be hard for you to get up at 9 every morning... Cus you gone over sleep
we don't cop pleas in the street... i cop pleas w/ the judicial system... cudnt let them crackers play w/ my life...
Sewing my dress for tomorrow
Does the word #innovation mean anything anymore? Seems like people just add it to any sentence when they need a hip, positive descriptor.
Wait, did really tweet that? So very much dumber than advertised.
I'll shave my pubes bare if Tiger when this somehow...
Come & Enjoy Our Great New & Healthy Himalayan Lunch Menu @ Only $6.95!
I love you besides Jamie Laou <3
Oh my god I can actually feel the overheating that's gonna take place tomorrow
So happy to be in Augusta GA.!!! With my babe face
pretty sure i've had fever all day today. it's doing something to my brain.
Way to go bruins and mavs!
Thanks for the follow TedXPQ. Would love to present some day. Can share past present. vidz as examples. Excited 4 oct event
The average human will eat one pound of insects in their lifetime
RT Thanks for taking a needed step to reduce overuse of #antibiotics in food animals, more work remains.
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY! DOUBLE POINTS from 8-11PM! Designing Women, Golden Girls & Will and Grace on the Big Screen Tonight! Giddy UP!
Thanks - Zoe Barofsky has organized a team of librarians to support the students' eventual course projects
OMG TWITTER. Tough Love is back on VH1? Why didn't anyone tell me?!?!?!
The best way to end my birthday is new episode of walking dead
how did that convo go before social media existed?
hey its me mary, please follow me back celene. =)
Destressing at home. So nice!
my pleasure. I enjoyed your article. Definitely a topic ppl should think more about
What a good deal then a holiday package that cost $75 for only $40!
As a person who's in an interracial (once illegal) marriage, am very proud of
learn to laugh at yourself when you do something ridiculously embarrassing. Life's too short not to.
hey are we still getting pay videos?
got some inspiration from riding on the bus.
YOU'RE A JERK! D': #MyManCrushJustDeniedMe "And don't even say I know cause thats like the stupidest comeback ever"
would love to speak to anyone at nationally or regionally about why my client just called me in tears. Suggestions?
@ ~ Belated "Happy New Year's" to you both. May this year shower you with a bounty of blessings and fun surprises!
Since 2002, the Ravens have not scored a meaningful TD against the Colts. 8 straight games - losses. and yet, Ed Reed ...
why ": It's #WeaveWednesday & #Stars4Trayvon Day! Please join The Family of Trayvon Martin
You can park your airplane in your garage! The Terrafugia Transition can be flown as an airplane or driven as a car. Wings fold in seconds!
RT : Indie brands run by cool people @
Thank you for the mention! Nice to meet you on Twitter!
For school we have to do this essay contest which sucks but it's gonna be entered to win a hundred dollars so I'm actually gonna try. (:
Still going. My current distance is 1.77 miles. Current song is Wherever I May Roam - Metallica
The mean streets of Manila have met their match. isn't packing heat. She's packing wind.
.' question to orgs: How big can your social customer service team get before you fix the root problems?
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. We the best
Now isn't that something!?
Private party later. Helping Val with videos and pics! Press pass! Yupp!
Just sent a direct message.
Thanks for the RT's!
WHY DOES JONNY KEEP SAYING SWAG? PLEASE. STOP.
Spilled an entire glass of red wine on someone else's carpet. Dear baby Jesus, please help me get it out - let's have a Christmas miracle.
I was checked out on #trueblood after last season, but came back b/c it was summer and I was bored. It has been quite awesome.
I just started a new Facebook page. I plan to populate it with ideas and conversations about change. I'd appreciate it if you'd visit it an…
Hear your candidates for ASUP Exec. Board 11-12 tonight in Mago Hunt @ 8pm! Door prizes worth $25 and food!
Ran out of conditioner.. can't help but think of
Friends, Romans, Countrymen, Lend Me Your Ears! William Shakespeare died on this day in 1616 at the age of 52.
I want to thank the people from the #CIA for having me down today. I had a great time //
If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it
Nano technology on a nano budget: just need a roll of scotch tape and voila, Nobel Prize!
We weren't going to say anything, but since YOU mention it...
lol seems too easy.
so ready to go home...in need of family time bad :(
I shall observe the oil problem this evening after America Has Got Talent.
I hope that we can beat them to it, not literally, but figuratively, I think that you know what I meant.
I can't get past "A Feast for Crows"- I don't care about the prophet.
I learn a lot from the TV. I don’t understand the “bad” economy. Why doesn’t the economy do like me and try to be good?
can u plezz follow me and give me a shout out :) i luv ur tweets <3
people like you deserve so much more than what you're getting. ya'll deserve nothing more than a very happy life. it'll come someday:) <3
RT : Happy soon-to-be mother’s day. We’re reminiscing about story time. What’s your favorite memory of #readingwithmom?
Thanks for the plug!
Don't have a pet? We now offer House Sitting! Need someone to watch your house while you are away? Visit www.lepooch.net for more info!
You are perfection.
CHECK OUT THE BOOM BOOM ROOM! www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com
Fwd: I missed u..
No kidding! So sad, but all good things must come to an end right?
Is that what Nathan did? Lol
First "professional" tweet. Oh goodness.
thank you for following us!
#BGE customer service was really nice! I like when cust serv doesn't hassle you.
Can we just fast forward to this time next week for the start of 'What Would Jage Do' time?
Are we EVER going to see Hey Arnold!: The Jungle Movie? If we can bring the series back to #90sareAllThat why not, amirite?
BUT I might give away a slightly damaged signed ATL poster from the DW tour.
U gotta look at me when u givin me head baby.that way I know ur not thinkin bout ur husband....
Fill in the blank: The key to keeping a New Year’s resolution is ______.
Unsubscribe please.
Welcome to Tuesday..
oh wow..that *is* a long journey.
Users who #google for #comcast.net or other websites. Hilariously depressing.
from Bob in Md - you need to go to Monty's in Lakewood Ranch baybeee!
yes i will. its not fair.
I saw this lady at Walmart wearing a shirt that said UNDERWEAR on the back of her shirt.... Huh???
pretty good, wbu?
Looking to diet? Try a foot detox before you start www.mosthelpfulhour.com
has Herman's Head been mentioned yet?
moment to moment choices to accept balance in life; to be mindful; to practice centering
YES! Thank you! I'm co-signing your Stop Breathing Into The Mic, Mike Lombardi bill.
I got this drank in my cup....coffee that is
did u meet victor cruz in pk last night??
The state of Ky will offically close in about an hour and a half.
Gym time (y)
Im stuck wit the man in the mirror!”)
I like the part where advice is given on getting away with exposing partial buttocks in Whatcom County!
Irish Special was my nickname at Indiana
4 males pushed me out of the way so they could grab the last seat on the metro...chivalry goes out the door
tell Clark I said haaiiii ~
Book read, now just need to write last book review of the year. Rev'd 8 books in the last year--might take a little break after this.
Busy day at the #Fishers Barbershop!
Thanks You'll have to plan a trip up. If only there was #highspeedrail CHI to MPLS!
Clinicians not far behind....many are looking to the example set by in area of wgs
tell me about it, we just bought 15 of them!
did he just say 'craig's list dancers'?
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithSwag The Swag Games.
That sucks. You gotta see The Avengers ASAP though.
Without humor, life is boring. Without love, life is hopeless. Without courage, life is hard.
Like Bonnie and Clyde, just you and me from now on... (8).
Just held the Lange book at my library per your recommendation. (the boy in overalls sealed it).
"Enter to win dinner with Barack" Has it really come to this?
If you prefer humorous questions please feel free to join the Facebook Discussions with "Been There, Done That!,
Im afraid that once austin gets there and stays for the 3 months that he is gonna end up staying there for like a year. Omg i would cry.
In reality, cap was an artificial limit on one of the most successful redevelopment areas in the state - the US for that matter
Creativity is the product of time wasted-Einstien paraphrased by
Happy First Day of Spring, followers! What are you looking forward to doing most this season?
Keep changing the world one day at a time YaY
Houston, we have a conference: follow and use hashtag #TXLA12 to monitor the hilarious escapades. My TLA schedule, next tweet....
75% off all poker products!! www.eproducts4less.biz
:) sounds good to me! I invent celebrations to justify those trips for just myself ha!
Ha! Thanks! And yes, I "heard" you loving it. It was quite distinct.
Idk but everyone's talking about #kony2012 don't even know who he is
I got one if you need him
Sweaty uh
That's really well said. Thanks for passing it on. Did you move already or still in CO?
Free till 1!
Anyone who follows my blog on an RSS feed should remove it. I deleted that blog months ago and it's been taken over by a spambot.
The great-great-great-grandnephew of Napoleon, Jean-Christophe, works at Morgan Stanley. Theres not a huge diff between Napoleon and MS.
I literally just unfollowed you earlier (just for being a general DB) but after that now I have to follow you again.
(obvs Villarreal, but don't know why I typed B.. )
I don't think other towns have anything like #ronroberts or Heidi...
too bad I'm better at hunting than you
Saw Hochata made with brown rice at the store the other day. Now we know u can use brn rice!
RT : Have found Donald Trump’s birth certificate. He was born in HI, but before it was a state. this is getting complicated.
Nice shot! I love Instagram.
April fools! Follow me love? :)
--le cries because im not from LA & wasnt invited to the listening party for Paradise--
If Richardson had kicked the shit out that sick high school girl instead of taken her to the prom, Jim Brown would have him #1 on his board
“I have two acting styles: with and without a horse.” - Robert Mitchum
Tip -- read your lease so you don't sign a new one and consequently have 2 apartments for 3 months
Loving my new iPad. New screen is a good enough reason for me to upgrade
Lol!! Invite me over when he does. ;)
Hello wind! What a nice fall day #no winter?
Tired as fuckkkkkk ,
Yeah #Assad will not continue...wish he'd give up sooner than later
DANIEL I HAD TO DELETE MY PERSONAL ACCOUNT :'(I share this account with others.U better follow back fool -kenn
that sounds like such a healthy and delightful dinner :p
lol it's fine haha I love it !!
yeah, but can jet packs pull nails out of wood? just sayin.
Heading to CrossFit to put work in! I've been away for 4 days! Hopefully I don't lose it out there today! Ha! Pray for me!
Good! I'm so proud :)
GOP has no credibility on foreign policy b/c Bush/Iraq, no credibility on economy b/c Bush/Crash. No one cares what they say.
Do you ever purchase untested edibles? Why or why not?
RT : Anyone who tweets anything UFB-related this week, use the #ufbfourparties hashtag!
I just ate so much
I've been a bad tweeter. I have not tweeted anything for 5mo. I need to be punished.
hey girl what's the word on the street for tonite
basketball knowledge is severely lacking
Thank god Garrett doesn't have a timeout.
Snowflake 5K at Shelby Bottoms will be complete with Santa and gigantic bling winner medals!
no sleep last night....our little man had a rough go. Coffee coffee coffee Off to finish my resume and start on some apps
don't be getting a morning DWI on a scooter!
If your dog is not cool w/other dogs, please don't take them to the dog park. If my 80lb bulldog can behave himself, so can your lil' brat!
sorry, that was me
Mongoose Sunday? Maybe.
Today I saw a 7th grader that had more makeup on than some people that go to high school. That's just wrong
oh really?! That's cool I wanna read it when u done!
why do you, a girl, own Old Spice? Do u bring homeless men in and scrub'em up?
Thank you for the free test! Free is always good.
this is what we do
Laundry day... LMN here I come
2 more week till the #MPP opens and i can get myself a tan.
due to the special material it's made from! But idk about all that I'd rather a bulky phone n it may be a phony
Ugh I hate spell check Fanny Pak
Tangent: Kevin Love is disgusting and of course gets zero recognition. should have a Love Index, not Heat Index.
PRETTY!! Nicely done. Who installed it?
Baby we can leave, my heart is the key.
if they keep that up they have a big future in baseball.
#CoreyWade was just in the #Yankees pen. Maybe he's coming in for the #Orioles 8th w/ a 2 run lead.
AdamNovasry nope but I knew it was wrong :)
E. That moment where you know you're grammar school friend is flirting with you >_<
#JoshHamilton is a beast
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Day 47 of 100: I am thankful for learning how to change my mind.
Just because I'm listening to Tom Waits doesn't mean I want country ads.
#hotcop is a HUGE understatement. Will have to get you in front of my camera when in LA later this year :)
"My competitors are not adversaries - they are helpers. The help me push past my limits." ~ Victor Plata
Having a ball with & Derek!!!
I agree. I love his comments. Can't wait to find out what happened.
A mi no me vengas con jueguitos de novela...
Hey i know u will see or hear about this so stfu and stay away from me and my friends thanks BYE b!
Drinking a Miller Lite by Miller Brewing Company.
#IfIDieTomorrow I wanna thank everyone who has come into my life and STAYED :) I'll always have a spot in my heart for all y'all
Support our local community health centers. Follow for live tweeting of tonight's #saveCHCs vigil.
Hey friends! How are you all today? Got any plans for the weekend? Oh and if you #FF us then we'll #FF you back! :)
I Nvr say SMH but I totally am to that.
RT Only compete with yourself.
Cherry, you were working it out! Love watching you jam to Tribal Energy Cardio~Have an awesome week.
Vincent is always having fun, I swear.
About to go watch Les Miserables!! Soo excited!!!!
I'd love to! Wed I work at noon, but am free prior, & Fri I'm off, so i'm 100% free. Let me know what's best for you two!
try to forget that show actually happened...that and the Magic Hour
OkCupid men who live in Woodbridge, stop bothering to me to have a drink...I do not want to go to there.
a little girl jus came up to me and said THANK U 4SERVING OUR COUNTRY.i said UR WELCOME SWEETHEART
RT is being featured on Living Social today. 1/2 price Pedicure
“: Sad... No chicks dj'in. PER USUAL bro'z b4 ho'z” DJ Ivy June 14th!
trains planes and automobiles ! How are you?
#CuBoulder is up about %300 since I was a student there
thank god your black!
I do know that, and I might need u to send me your address. (Wink, Wink)
“: : when I was really young someone told me Biggie died cos he ate too much fast food &got stuck in a car” das Fuckd up LOL
today feels good..i swear to god if someone messes it up..
won't eat my cereal cause it's "too healthy" & we only have skim milk...lol
Which is exactly why she wont pick him RT Ames, you have a Hallmark card personality.
just listened to "you" on your soundcloud. Very impressive, good job. Sincerely
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
yep ran into another one of his love children at a bar and i was all like What in the Wide World of McRichardWhitman
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in the united states. In case I'm not there, I go to work.
Music wine food awesome
AWESOME name!! following you now:)
Curious to check out Will ppl really watch full video ads looking for floating # codes that yield coupons and payoffs?
Good game, Texas! You'll get the next one. We believe in you!
Who! I'm watching Leno. I wish he would reach through my TV and slap my hand.
Yup! I think its about that time
RT “: Special campaign shout out to and Much love and many thanks.”
Strive for progress, not perfection.
be on your best behavior. Cause I won't be.
“We never change until the pain becomes greater than the fear of change." Via // Thoughts?
Some folks live in mediocrity because they are afraid of success.
PEOPLE PLEASE FOLLOW PLEASE HE HAS TO GET ALPT O FOLLOWERS TO B A TWITTER STAR!!
we're still busy murdering the higher power that stopped us from hitting up your area. we'll be painting your town red soon
i will enter you contest for ariana grande
Shaken baby syndrome is a severe form of child abuse caused by violently shaking an infant or young child
i had a dream that devin broke my ride playing my drums and didnt tell me untill the show started. SWEET. -skylar
Yet another reason I like you. Fiona Apple was a favorite during my depressed law school years. Need to hear new stuff.
Check your arch photog contract- ours won't even allow consultants to use without consent (& more $$!).
It's not that I dislike Pinterest, it's that the legal considerations give me a massive headache.
Pura Vida - nice article! It's a beautiful country - it just has become a bit too commercial over the years for my taste
Going to the library on a Saturday on Cinco de Mayo should be illegal.
Nobody notices mikayla ? #SADTWEET! I just sit in the corner all ALONE like ohh, look a penny. :/ & listen to 's music. <3
Im not adope house u cant trap me muffucka
Calling it quits for the day. Site is almost there. 4 major pages to go, 4 periphery. I can get that finished by Tues, right?
That is the Wisconsin Curse.
It's really weird reading the revised version of Stephen King's "The Gunslinger." It's like reading a brand new book. He added a LOT.
I'm glad cats aren't taking the full 10 minutes this year...I need need to fast forward to pick 22!
LOTS of new updates on our site including information about our June tournament & Training Camp! Make sure to stop by & check it out!...
"yelling at black people on twitter" isn't a job, bro.
Blocked from a philosophy channel on YouTube. The worst I ever did was suggest the maker of the videos sounded like a cult leader. Heh.
I swear it smells like burgers in here...dang you Stack'd and your delicious grilled hamburgers wafting into the HVAC!
If what they tell me suits my body, great
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW HE'S AWESOME SEXUAL !!!
I Still Remember When I First Saw Her …She Was In The Line Up… I Was The Witness…
I cannot wait to see Disney's Brave!
#BullsNation it's game day!
That last bloody mary was extra virgin... It was just a tomato. I may have wandered down to the farmers market.
“I started researching [inbound marketing] and got all of my information from HubSpot
There's just one life to live, and there's no time to waste.
Oh time change. I feel you. Waking up to shoot w/
RT : Teargas in our house, in my children's lungs
Also, if any of you who have a lot of followers could maybe get people to follow us that would be awesome. I feel lame having 28 followers
haha ill let him know
ya I don't club much myself either. Every now and then I do.
A mind is a terrible thing to waste- MLK
that only means one thing to me!!! Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia..,
So, now every tweet I see from , I will read in his voice. OMG best follow idea EVER!
the mohawks the mohawks they're still out there in the woods
“: Just booked what might be the last friend bachelor party of my career. Jan 13-15, get ready, Scottsdale, Arizona.” invited?
all are good in the phillies rotation. But we got good hitters
no body is jealous, its an opinion coming from another mahomie.
Key to m learning development. Create the smallest possible modules. With minimized interactivity.
I almost think the Astros need to turn heel to sell the rivalry.
Oh no!! That is you that has this unfollow thing. Good to hear from you again.
thanks. I did. Perfect night for four miles.
Cookies = Awesomeness! Ha Is that a word?!?! ; )
the MAGIC IS CLICKING...just listen close..K?
About to watch Obama's speech on KOIN! You should tune in!
Just left Rick's Cafe in Casablanca, Morocco. Here's looking at you kid.
Do you want to know how to get the "real" inside details about a home,including the taxes,how much the owner bought it for,etc. 702-245-7227
I'll be on pottermore while all of you are at school
the same thing happened for Arcade Fire last year. This is not surprising.
let's do it up haha shots shots shots!!!!.....
I know a few of the #BBNFam would like to see me on nerve pills during most games! Lol
Change of plans. House show. 2548 W. GIRARD AVE. Free beer, music, company. All are welcome. Text me if you have probs. 484-429-0149.
They just be grabbing my attention lol I mean Idk why though
Hey Chicago theatre peeps, follow , chicago talent extraordinaire!
cool! We see it tomorrow for another event. We should go back later and take the red heads!!
WTH is with the selective tweets coming through! I wanna talk with Alice Twitter!
When are you graduating!?
2 hourss!!! bro its 3.03am here in australia im njot waiting till 5 babe make it now <3 the sooner the better follow back xx
hahahaha!! I know he will! But it's his birthday so you need to give him something he likes! ;)
Amazing love, how can it be, that you my king would die for me? -Chris Tomlin
are you saying this is distinct from the 'extra chapters' which are in the apocrypha? (whih i've never read, btw....)
Running out of tolit paper<
idk what's good?
What hypocrites. Fucking whores.
Without awareness there is no apparent reason for change, without commitment there is little chance of it and without passion why bother!
De Graaf: Money is a factor in happiness -- up until about $75,000 for a family, Once basic needs are met, it plateaus.
lol well thats great then and nope been spelling it wrong all seaon
Just dropped my phone from the third floor. #thankyou otterbox.
Michael Jordan lost 2 games of H-O-R-S-E? find out to who here-www.ussportpspages.com
she likes too give rim jobs.
Jeremy changed his name xP
Just finished watching Exit Through the Gift Shop. Best documentary I've seen since This is Spinal Tap.
I wish!! My kids don't want to go and neither does the husband. I'm cast adrift. (rim shot)
The african ego am voting 4 ur song i like what u ar doing m3n.
Based on its upfront "talking points," it looks like recent ABC entries GCB and Don't Trust the B____ in Apartment 23 could be back.
#erl12 cost per use compared within a single package so costs look really high
FACT: #Medicaid offers essential health coverage for nearly 60 million of the most vulnerable Americans—half of them children.
#Isupport the lowering of morals on fridays at fuck-O-clock
Reverend Charlie Cox is backstage watching Steen. He mentions that Steen appears to be going a little rogue on the Sons of Anarchy.
All my exes live in Texas.
See You at Heard Em Say Final qualifier slam!
I need food. pronto.
I like that Slayer's singer called out Metallica for trying to be cool. Too many bands get away with below average music these days.
“: Christians how long are we going to forsake our holiness for the sake of entertainment?”
new house and new guitar
Paczki or king cake? My hubby got the baby in our king cake... lame!
Spent a year with no head, not a care in the world, I felt fine
you are so dramatic.
Pretty good. No matter what though, God is good and He's always for me. :-) Have an inspired day today and be blessed.
A dog almost bit my hand off for a piece of popcorn
A lot of sun and fun
Pastel. Pastel everywhere.
I've forgotten how much work marcom can be. For those who follow you know its my most favorite topic :-(
Just joined.
great meal in lil' Italy. Hope your workshop went well.
Bro hell of a night ;)
Knees: stiff knee pain when bending and straightening
Hello, Friday! Time to do some of the stuff I want to do. What will you all be doing with your weekend?
Getting organized love It.
should bring out the new season of good vibes and bring back the show skins
album releases 7 days before my birthday....
I guess I just don't understand why so many old men care about what I do with my uterus this year.
U should realize by now that I'm not going to express my feeling about what MJ said. So naturally I will turn the convo away
Don't say that! I though for sure a World Series without snow this year.
Is there whiskey in a Manhattan? Of course there is, and they are mighty tasty at Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High St., Columbus
Obama wins on Sanity
No Capi just broke the only picture i had of my dad! No!!
final round of atl style wars: "pimp my bride"
I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go.
Got first ever spam friend request on #Facebook today. CEO of the largest oil shipping business in the world wants to be pals.
Boy I'm finna download everything this nigga Ace Hood done made in the last 2 years, his shit be knockin now lol
Zechariah 7:10 "Do not oppress the widow or the fatherless, the alien or the poor. In your hearts do not think evil of eath other."
I just saw the Shake Weight episode of and I've never laughed so hard and been so shocked about TV before! I need to go work out.
Wendy WIlliams mention Natalie on her show. Sayin' she hasn't seen BAD GIRLS CLUB since Natalie Nunn. Big Fuck U to Annie, Kate, Amber.
#Reds up 2-0 and Lebron is going off!! Except for Rose goin down, it's a good sports day so far!
RT : Happy Almost Year New! Our hours are different for NYE, NY Day, and on the 2nd www.phoenixcoffee.com for details
yea I know..
Thanks for the RT: : LAVT offers accent mod services to those who wish to enhance their communication skills.
Fire dept. Does not have any details on the injuries, just saying they are minor.
you think i can perform when i come
Groove Friday at Zocalo
There is a wreck epidemic today, evidently...
Congratulations Giants! Hell of a
heeeyyyy I finally did the cover lol sorry for the delay I was supper busy ... Send me a tweet when ur online ;)
i hear you. been working since 9am--should be done here in about a half hour.
Gotta work and make some money during break. Good thing these kids love me. And I get a free membership to Lifetime.
i kno right... call herself tryna help somenone but slapping them in the back of the head callin them dumb -_- lol
We'll back you up on that! Congrats and good luck.
Seems like everyone at Leadercast is having a blast. It's always great to bring together so many talented people.
Love the hairdo. But U look like you should eat a sandwich. R U really at Norwescon? #jealous Pics, or it didn't happen.
Only if you tell me if you're a real panda RT May I ask, are you a real ginger.....
#ARIES happy Birthday
Hey, are we taking your best player?
what's shakin'?
Worked last night on "Silent Night," a short story in Four Mothers & Other Tales of Corbenic.
“: Then my homegirl Gabby and her older sister Monique got into a serious car accident and nearly died.. the scary part..
Everything God does he does in good timing!
looking for (preferably local) music we can use for chair massage sessions. no enya, panpipes, or cheesiness allowed.
good night sleep tight.
The pessimist complains about the wind; The optimist expects it to change; And the realist adjusts the sails.” Which one are you?
Al weekend. -.- Look at my picture I put on instagram!!
Oh hi there #windows character map, where the hell have you been all my life!
love this rain lol
My mom is letting me stay home. why? bcuz "it's Valentines Day".... whatever works! :)
Discussion of racial implications of Landrieu's appointment of Ronal Serpas as new NOPD police chief on WBOK now - 1230 AM.
Sitting here ; and Travis keeps kissing me. x)
Seated for THE CABIN IN THE WOODS. Really stoked about this one - I've been able to avoid almost everything about it.
Any time :)
what about luff?
follow back??
Within the first month of having HubSpot, we were able to get a return on our investment
you have like 8 more years of that.
RT Lol no more like saying "daddy" a million times n a min RT : I think jigga likes to talk lol haàa
I. Can't. Stop. Laughing.
bleacher bar
Another day on my great quest of acquiring a license. Paperwork still hasn't been processed.
Beautiful Ne-Yo. Just beautiful.
Peter Onuf does not endorse the death of colonial Virginians.
Make sure you plan for HotBox pizza Friday! Mention Indy Reads and help us receive some of the proceeds from your sale!
#TEAMNOSLEEP ! ? … kidding my mom will kick my a* ... night everybody...
Dear TV manufacturers please allow me to flip between 3 channels.
we had 4 contenders. 3 of them were hampered by either a bunch of small mistakes or a big mistake. 1 didn't fall into either.
haha..Yes, God willing, I should be done Spring 13!
Whose coming to see us with Enfold Darkness and May 18th?
Thanx had great chat w n
please do! Send a link.. Would love to see it!
Learn Chinese for the day: fire:火灾, push:推, moment:时刻, quiet:安静的
Good. Invasion averted.
Excellent! I will let my parents know.
It was pretty awesome- this one was different though This crew refueled three B2 Bombers in Mid-Air- incredible experience
oh my gosh. that's NOT okay. at all.
well then come to me, I have two- mark and Jason :)
Conversation topics at work today: pooping in a computer, clowns, crazy people with trumpets.
Live life and have fun RT if you do
You're back in town!? :)
double d! Where have u been? :-(
5ft per week... 28ft...it's going to be several weeks. We also rate the shots with a complexity level based # of chars & what they do.
Update on Obamacare… employers are going to be more in control if the Supreme Court rejects the president’s health care plans.......
Glad you could make it!
We had no idea it is Lyme Disease Awareness Month - thx for spreading the word!
they prolly kant see tryina read off them cheap ass nokia ass phones lol
I wonder if the IRS would take this sack of cocaine for payment since I have no cash.
No backsies. Besides, we already spent the money on a sweet nitris tank coozy. It's got our logo on it and everything.
He won the WBC title when he was 20 years, 4 months and 22 days old, after defeating Trevor Berbick by a TKO in the second round
no way! I live in Chicago too!!!!
Hey it was nice meeting you yesterday and you totally have a twin in Chicago.
it's the best you should come. It's a smaller firework still great!!
Making little man a twitter c: he all adorable!
GOING TO MOVIES TO SEE THINK LIKE A MAN..THEY SHOULDA CALLED IT THINK LIKE A MAN BECAUSE WE CRY LIKE EMOTIONAL BITCHES BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
PickUpLine: Sit on my lap and we'll get things straight between us.
I just may get to sleep in my bed.
I got a tip for you...don't eat egg salad if you gonna be riding the bus...sucka!!! Mrs. Porter
I don't think #AnnaTorv could possibly be more gorgeous! The men look good too.
RICHMOND, VA. We'll be playing KINGDOM this Friday w/ Get your asses out to this show!
When You Have To Buy Another Pack Of Rellos Cause The Ones You Got Were Shitty AF <<<<<
Great workout & run!! Now its time to watch the tourney
You'll love it :P
hey sweetie how u doin?
climax is da shit ..and thats for the follows yall are thanked i just dont be on here as much
no she isn't coming in till later she said
Not my week .... I swear (I'm on that with everybody)
try I Understand by Sloan - Canada's premier powerpopsters
Speaking of our soon to be recalled State Senator, we just received our first shipment of Kapanke Hankies from Hanky Kapanke 2.0 HQ
We sure have! They love pumpkins : )
I didn't think it was possible but I think its making me love Excel even more now (I am Ruler of the Spreadsheets around here)
No it's not!
no angel voice can make rent sound good
I won't be mad if you choose me...
do you listen to the show?
Cats cleaning cats
Possibly. What hav U in mind? I am very busy. S
If I wasn't ugly I think I could be one of the top pussy getters in Miami.
How much time are you spending doing things you love? Is it enough? What needs to shift and change?
it was way better than the vow! And I was hypnotized by Zac 😍
Headed to #Vegas in a few hours!!!!!!
Creating animation for home pages
Glad to hear it, Maureen! Thanks for choosing to taxi with us! RT : Just had the nicest cab driver ever! Thanks
awesome pic, beautiful blue sky, hopefully no photoshop edits.
first reaction - GOAL. second reaction - No
#mla12 #s305 response: apparent return to form in McEwan and Hollinghurst is more of staging of historical predicament.
Missing you Grammy.
Givingline, a "pay it forward" app to "ask for help and give help" nice pitch, I get it.
I am so behind on that shown. Think I've missed all of season 3 haha
Tuesday y Wednesday :0
Wake up. Write. Rinse. Repeat.
Lots of customers visiting for tiny presents to fit into Easter eggs today!
lol. Dangerously good
My workout varies too, stretching, weights. Best cardio being walked by 2 dogs! : )
my bias is Jonghyun....~^^ but I'm a Taemint too
Thanks for including us in your FF!
Transformed #CrystalCastles melody into #Blondie phrase into 2nd mov't material for my #Disney Princess Disasters piece.
I need to find intelligent life on another planet. Then build a rocketship
You fuck me like you was my girlfriend.
Can you guess how many cornea transplants take place in the US each year?
; the twins mama is fine tho. she all kinds of lusciousness.
What more can i do? I am still painting flowers for you...........
Almost certainly just the bit that mentioned him. But it was a good argument and even he'd agree Liz was totally right!
your right it is just a game. Its not like people make mistakes on purpose.
How are you Niall? (:
The Pantry announces resignation of CFO Bierley
#Dancing4thecure JUST IN!!! We added Holy Spirit Cheer Demo at 3:25pm to the schedule!
One of Zef's favs is now gone! RIP Amy Winehouse
You are aware my uncle is actually a police officer yes? What you're doing is serious Internet violation and you
you're not alone in that struggle!
Lord... give me the strength to not shoot myself before I finish this damn paper...
Newark's LGBT leaders take the Oath of Office as the inaugural members of the Commission on LGBTQ Affairs today 1pm City Hall Rm 215
oh yeah!!!! Guess what?!
As the best HR College list continues we finally add, Univ of Rhode Island, Univ of Wisconsin-Oshkosh and Univ of Tennessee. WOOWHO!!!!!
I hate having to refer to the Wii controller as the "Wii-mote". Sounds like I can't pronounce my R's.
Good morning everyone... Happy mothers day :-)
Russ Smith
Thanks for the follow Olivia, hope you had a great St. Patrick's Day, we are following back!
Just bought those greeting cards w/ postage already included. Did I get screwed?
wake up!
am glad transport made it on the list-annually it affects San Diegan's $ more then City pensions.
Do u have a real issue that makes u support a particular candidate? or do u just believe what your propaganda-network channel/site tells u?
Oh Tia! You were just on talking about your show. Btw, Cree is so beautiful!
thumbs up. I wish I was at a game instead of work events in Charlotte. Well, not entirely true. Just wanna be at the game.
rainy weather+pjs+youtube videos ALL day. #heck yeah
It's all good! Just a tad annoying haha. I'll have to change my password more often
I would think of something clever to say as a 4/20 tweet but I'm too high...... On life
I feel high, legit. I promise I'm not, though, lmfaoooo. DAMN. I have to get up in like, two-ish hours. FML.
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win a $25 gift card to :)
Niceville, Florida? Luke "Rage" James.will post up and the next thing you know,he's thowin'..his fists are like two sludge hammas'
HOUSES FOR SALE TAMPA BAY FL 2725 Dryer Avenue Largo Fl 33770 VIDEO TOUR / WEBSITE http4BrHouseWithPool.com
Workout mode
So excited about the song selection for services this Sunday!
I'm trying not to judge your skirt but it's hard.
bottles are flying. Someone go pick them up!
I'll trade ya.
oh ok
the weather is really helping my mood right now!
“: I am enriched by all points of view. #SpiritualSolutions”
Wow! Heck Yeah! I'm sure I can hook it up some how! Do you watch NFL? :)
how'd it go?
I'm forever sad! That was my boo boo! :(
gorgeous Jayne! When are we going to shoot !!?
next semester will be full of them. and next year, can you imagine?
text me omfg
im doing fine, you?
You bet, I definitely enjoyed it and found it useful. Well done!
&#39;Hotel Impossible&#39;: TV show host lists pet peeves
YES SIR
hello everyone have been quiet of late. Have been in the process of securing a site. The site is near haymarket and north station.
RT : It was tons of beautiful people tonight.
I want to make you someone I'd die for.
aw thank you very much :)
my mom doesn't either but I'm being careful (:
Bitch you're like home depot; 5 cents a screw.
let us know what u think :-))
FYI - Responses to our candidate questionnaire are IN! We'll be posting them to our website tomorrow!
Josh, you know the #Mariners could use an outfielder like you.. and you are going to be a free agent after all..
hell yeah. Only problem is car manufacturers can be profitable on $9500 cars alone. This is a GM recipe for disaster. Need SUVs.
that's a good marriage man.
Morning fans! :) i'll try putting the vid up today! PS-luis CHOREOGRAPHED it, created it, its not him or us dancing, its a quince dance
I miss you 😞
wen I Log in My Computer Crashes! Someone's hacking it or Spamming it.. idk an I cnt Get in to the Account!!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i think i'm outta songs! :P i'm gonna do some BME and D12 now
awesome time last night! Lets track down tix to #twtrcon today...
Thankful For This Day ; God Will Make A Way🙏
Wanna give a happy mothers day shout out to all the mothers I went to high school with
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW.. Weekend Special
i lost my taste . then it came back
I know!! I got into a fight with the basement stairs...the concrete won
California Clock Company's huge clocks celebrating their 80th anniversary. "Timeless Fun for Everyone"
So ready to leave!!!
The Bike Line Broadripple will be having a group ride this monday starting at 7pm. there will a couple different distances to choose from
Gotta go write, so I can get published some more :)
it's nice waking up to favorites from you
You know it's a sin for American Christians to criticize #Israeli policies that right? #careful ;)
Don't just watch tv direct tv
Hollie Has A HUGE Career Ahead Of Her! Love You (:
If you had to sum up the year 2011 in #pr and #sm in one word what would it be?
Samples are gone, but our awesomeness, raffle, and coupons are still available!
Those are the kids you HAVE to hit in the pit.
IM CONFUSED. Did The Already Perform This New Season...? Like, Just To Perform On #ABDC ..This Week,Last, WHEN?
I keep telling myself to be upbeat and it is not working.
is the kbs this years release?
hi bff!!
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. – Peter F. Drucker
Bye Pride and Prejudice :D
God is too good. I can't say it enough. My car was stolen last year. And, they found it today. Do you know I can drive it too?!! :)
Your daily life remains undisturbed with distance learning. Cafes, libraries, riversides are all your sites for pursuing the program
Brians24 ruby red vodka&grapefruit, frittata machaca, be nice or go away rocks SAt am.
Cohen: The norm that violence that violence is a private matter has to change.
2 benedryl and 2 24 hour allergy pills I hope that's enough
Welp, his phone is off. Big no no ._.
It's a MAJOR day for #SpringFling Main Event Qualifying! The action begins @ 1pm with a $65 ME Qualifier where 10% make it into the Big One!
[promagentotuts.com] Get Rich By<br />Giving Stuff Away
what did he do? Aw poor papas u guys jumped him :(
post playground high-its just one guy. glad you are home safe! xoxoxo
I'm happy to hear that. I want to do a study on same-sex interracial couples!
Love your content - especially when it relates to education.
You are ridonk!
I remember when kids were taught manners & actually feared their parents
Darwin Barney (applause) Now kindly get him home.
Driving through Hollywood with the top down
": remember when i replaced my goalie with himself? #imfunny" you are a bipolar manager and i love it
My name is Ben and I support this message.
Just waking up! Enjoy your day everyone.
Trying to rush home to catch drag race!
Josh Chapman and Josh Norman. Eric Page in 5th.
Braun & Rodgers - just seeing the two names together makes me smile :-)
A 6am spin class on Thursdays is really only for the
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious, but what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
Hey Jenna thx for the follow:) checkout our music over on facebook and let us know what you think!
Way too many modafockas in Bowkers room
never thought I would walk away from a root canal with a smile...well half-smile, one side of my face is numb lol
#RaNdOM THouGhT#....So do jayers have they own club or is it every jayer for them self ???
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
I'm fascinated by Rome's Jubilee Church using self-cleaning cement AND by a new report on Homebuildlife.com about Air-purifying textiles!
well said
Open today at 1:30 for IU Big Ten Tourney game-game starts at 2:00. #beer, #pizza &
The arsonist has oddly shaped feet.
did you kick his butt?
he begs to differ :)
I hate wen my feet not under the cover!
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but instead will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in...
Tuesdays at the castle!
groupon has a deal now for an African safari, $5000+
keep in touch...I'm good for a smile and laugh
hey what's your number
Q8 Biscuits and gravy, baby! Fresh homemade biscuits! Scrambled eggs and hash browns!
Yup Yup
LA rush hour sucks, but it beats being smushed up against some guy's hairy armpit in NYC subway rush.
Tast the dick girl
Off to Chicago tomorrow for the IHA Show on Sunday. If anyone else is going and would like to meet be sure to message me.
Watching fresh prince lol
My quilt is taking form, although I mistakenly made the backing the same size. Being taken up and now smaller than front. ARGH!
What a great combo of preachers in one weekend, this only happens
Special tweet out to my baby girl who turns 16 in the morning. Happy Birthday Maki!!
Everyone makes mistakes. A good goal is to learn, implement lessons, and make. . . new mistakes!
I got the link to #TrueBlood season 4 episode 1 three weekend before it airs! Oh yeah
#deartroy no one will ever forget you or the injustice you were shown.
hoes favorite line is my child looks just like him so he got to be the daddy!
Will the American citizens choose Conservatism or Liberalism this November?
Your professors invested in you- and deserve to hear about your future. They will continue to help, if you stay in touch.
How can twitter help a bootstrapping tech sw startup raise funding and get early adopters?
You the man. Go Packers, Go Longhorns, Superbowl XLV MVP baby. Cant wait for this season, GO PACK
By the by, does Monday always = hitting snooze at least once? I need some good wake up jams. #mashups maybe?
The Moment When: You start a new job, and you waiting on that first CHECK! Lol
cool glad to hear so your 4given 4 being MIA working been working on new stuff w/2 of our artists staying busy!
Smokin on Purp gone ease my Mind!
I am a huge proponent of storing crying babies with the luggage
Davis scored twice in five minutes for BWFC...
Mostly because your gorgeous.
shut the hell up:D love you baby<3
I hate for being blamed for shit I didn't do, but its all good now! Beer and vodka is going to get me through this night with my niggas! :)
iknow i literally havnt been on this account in months but follow <33333333333 GO GO GO GO
Meditation Mode
Every 10th person to RT wins 2 tickets. Visit Ward's House of Prime at Irish Fest this wkend! #WardsMIF 10 sets/winners
Zachary Quinto is the a true man...
Off to DC
I hate fricken makeup calls.. Cmon man
Oh man, I forgot about that tirade! Thanks for the laugh. RT : thanks man, I owe you an éclair!
Well How Do You Know I Can Go Unless You Ask Her!
Whas up NEW YORK CITY - I'M HEEEEERRRRREEEEE!!!!
we have snow here!!! It's winter for real now!
Also, why should the people of Kentucky get to vote on the citizenship rights of my daughter? Makes no sense.
If I have to get a new car bc mine was damaged in the storm, what should I get? Let's see what you think? FYI I do not do American made.
Thanks Greg
Worst things that can happen a day before the first game tomarrow! Roll off my bed Fall out a big tree Step on a tack -_-
My girlfriend left me after I broke her wheelchair. She'll soon come crawling back.
RT MAY 25TH WILL BE EPIC IN THE BX GALLERY LOUNGE WHEN HITS THE STAGE @ THE "ADIDAS" PARTY SUPPORT BX HIP-HOP
Ps. check into messages with spam links being sent from this account. I have been hijacked.
Hey Nate, can u plz follow me back, I deleted my other account and FB(u followed me and were friends w/ me) thx, luv ya! -Ashley
Nope, just bad credit and when I was 16, I got a ticket for running a stop sign.
Miami Heat staying at 4 Seasons in Georgetown while in Washington DC to play the Wizards
should I come visit you at black rose tonight after taco tuesday?
Is it just me or every time i watch parental control its the same doughebag boyfriend/girlfriend but different parents and kid :/
I have to fucking hope I am able to get 3 tickets, one for me and two for my friends. She comes here June 29th.
I'm weak: I bought both of Amazon's DOTW. FIREFLY and the Coen Brothers Collection on BD. now I have an extra FARGO to sell.
So #Paul is about an alien voiced by Seth Rogen? Thats like having #E.T. voiced by Michael J. Fox.
I wanna sleep not learn stats...
The kitchen has no cohesive decorating theme. Wood cabinets, white walls, aluminum appliances.
"We grow because we struggle, we learn and overcome." - R. C. Allen
I'm bummed the Pens are out but I can't stop watching.
thanks for the retweet. Be sure to click the link and like the page as well! Praying to reach a goal by the month's end.
It just really hurts knowing that you can just forget about us that easy :/
I love thick girls...I actually prefer my chicks like this
Thanks for the retweet!
yup you look good :)
Griffin is such a great person<3 i love her :)
I'm with you, Jim. I feel it more as an expat Colts fan living in the middle of Cowboy-land. Love Austin, not Dallas! Go blue.
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house. It's a lot easier on you.
The invisible unfolding of universal love follows a conscious loving presence.
chill boul, you liked the song though.
Money. RT So, why is it legal to camp out for a discount flat screen tv but not for economic justice?
Learning a foreign language open so many doors, thank you for posting this.
ok so is it an oxymoron to sing the dogbountyhunter theme while playing candyland? oh well watch out little colored peeps the dog is playing
Uprooting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Can't wait to see The Avengers! Captain America Told The Hulk SMASH!! love it! I'm such. Super hero Mark. I love helping people 2!
There you go Mr. !!! Quite a way to start the season 5 for 5 w/a homer. Great opener for the
“: it's a wonderful day. Thank GOD for the day. The Present”
that's a new kind of record which i'm not proud of
Everyone was excited for it too
time to go to 6 a.m. bikram hot yoga. wish me luck! first time back since beginning race & diff postdoc.
Congrats, we had a reporter down there, nice win
"she's overBEARing. Didn't mean it like that. Hahaha ohh don't use that one." love my grandmother
The initial report was wrong. He won his appeal!
Thank you for joining us tonight. Happy Valentine's Day!
If you're interested in the Zagat job, I can put you in touch with the editor. This temporary position is for experienced writers/editors.
It's whenever necessary and today wasn't one.
You would think Purdue could have faster computers.
Uncle Tom? Lol are you just expressing through stream of consciousness all that frustrates you @ the black community?
I hope to have those French guys on my 'cast next week! Will you be? Please?
The DOGS love you!!!!!
In line at Ford's Theater ... AKA tourist central. Need something that says DC on it? Stop here.
Yeah in the morning.. But aren't we going after we leave my place?
well here's around 2 AM and I can't sleep. ;/ how's the new year eve last night? ;D
Homework at 11:30 on the first day of the last week of the quarter. Yeah, there is a problem here.
For months you have berated me and called me names thru I've begged u to meet but u won't. Nothing more I can do.
Haha, nope! Cross ma heart
could i get a couple shoutouts?
how messed up are the ESPN power ranking. everybody knows OKC is number 1
i love you, you are my baby company
I heard that your #TXScotRiteAccessLux gift bag is on it's way!
Taking my mom to empty the porter potty on the boat for mother's day...for the record it was my bros idea! How did she get so lucky? :)
#FF so you don't die from being pregnant!!
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay Reading an old -fashioned hardcover book!
OK, OK. I'll plan on getting more into the #LNYHBT chatter. What's up guys?
How fitting Meta World Peace & the Lakers getting humiliated
Currently obsessed with Teavana. That place is great!
I wish you'd see these updates, so you could renew your D:Drive.
Agree. The LeBron to the Knicks/Nets hype is just noise/wishful thinking on the part of the New York media. Won't happen.
Hey , is it the 28th or 29th?
“ I just laughed at the thought of a rapper owning a cat.”
We were. All four of us. And we found some very interesting things under there.
See you there! I'm hooked on !
looking forward to your presentation!
Thx Jon Choi for becoming my blog's follower, rounding it's number to 300 and support my writing and the artists I write about.
...When You're Listening To A Song You Wish Was Longer, So You Don't Have To Keep Replaying It Over & Over Again
FOUND IT LOOOOOL
Clips doing good
Watching the #Braves and Beachy pitching. Kid looks good. Add a sinker and he'd be nasty. Just can't seem to finish hitters off.
Too dark :(
And 7 shots back after round 1! #AT&T National RT (WOW) #Tiger Woods divorce could cost him $750 million...thoughts?
For me, only the #tweetsmackleague let me add for the Sunday lineup. These are more long term until he sucks, or likely injured.
you at LAX?
Are you suggesting I'm a bad influence? Little old me?
michigan cabin weekend: kayak, grill, book, nap, look at lake, book, grill, nap, fire, popcorn, movie, to bed. Repeat.
"Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?"~Henry Davis Thoreau
live updates aren't working...do you have a score of the and LaCrosse game?
