Pretty amazing that last years Hornets, and this years Clippers, will finish with similar winning percentages/point differentials.
Ramirez was pushing too hard swung at ball 4 twice
excellent! and I have plenty of notes on Gatsby so wouldn't take too much time to prep. (teaching a "writing about lit" course)
Strawberry Smoothies These strawberry smoothies make an energizing breakfast, snack or dessert the kids will love. Although I don't like
these twitter TT's are just highly obsessed with black people.
Beach was fun. Rocky learned to swim. :)Now time for home work :(
Reality check: Inheriting your money, success, opportunity, etc. is not earning it. Stop being a prick and pay it forward.
Harper Simon - Tennessee - 09:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
In Arizona immigration case, Supreme Court justices cast doubt on government&#39;s argument
I surely to goodness can't be the only person in America who can't stand RaeLynn and her fake/trying to hard sound!! YUCK.
Tried prayin for forgiveness but god told me to shut up
Did you have relaxing weekend? Let's hear about it.
I'm not kidding, I really do still have it with Bobby Orr, of course, on the cover. Poor Emilio and me. Just old....<g>.
really with these jokes right now on the bus lmfao
Feel empty because my baby isnt sleepin nxt to me. . :( night khi.
The negative will return the weight to its starting position
Sick:( been out of school since tuesday
haha and btw I like Justin bieber's new song(;
My nuggets are making a run down by 8
no problem. Keep up the good work!
nope. Haven't had tea. Spilled Sundrop though.
LOL yeah my boy just said that I cracked up laughing
thank you!
same here, well born Virginia raised in Texas... Lol
Wow, schools just dont seem so safe anymore :/
G-Shirt
DUDE ME TOO. weird..
Watching #Fringe with my dad then heading back to school...
I mean I know why.. But like if you said you loved me.. Feelings like love just don't disappear...
No. I've seen several tweets about it though.
Excited 2 see former colleagues & friends + meet a bunch of new ones this wknd thx to + local TV 4 sponsoring
Members Card Red Sox under 8 even (20 units)
“: Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.”
Really hard to motivate students to do work on the first day back from break. Tough for me too.
Who's a good person to chat with about the Internt'l Brand Marketing position?
the beacon show :D
😒😁 RT : I have nothing to bitch about.
just broke my pen drive
reading Power per your #TWiST reco. You know, you just might be the best CEO in the history of business.
So that's how this story ends: a Liniscus tear.
80% of the time there should be no marketing messages in your content.
Yeah I don't get that because....I don't go to OSU
so my ex pilot guy totally just tried to get me to come over. i declined.
If everything's either a "secret" or "lost," how come it's on TV?
I retract "finally".
And it is bewildering. Scary, even. I'm not sure I do know myself, even for all the frakking introspection I do.
Yeah go ahead and type a bunch of dots then say nevermind. It took more fucking time to do that then it would've been to just erase. Stupid.
maybe you should get off twitter and Facebook both! Haha she's lookin right at you
right on bro life is good with us and u must be busy filming season 3 of my favorite show :)
yea i do why ?
Did you get mah text?
LOL that's so funny! Yep, gotta make that distinction even at that age :))
Gotta' search somewhere else.
They made me put pants on :c.
that's great brother! he already comes with targets on his body. that's what the stars on his chest are for, right??
Just now got the word: the admission requirement for Canned Acoustica 4 tomorrow night is now three school supplies from the list, not two.
Oracle to Hold MySQL Connect Conference in San Francisco September 29 and 30, 2012
I was hungry! And besides you said you didn't care!
My dreams keep me up at night thriving with intensions of fruition. Chás This...
I'm sorry and for not making it tonight. :/
True. For me, the LX5 is enough haha.
Happy birthday Phoebe
feel better soon! might want to make up a tough guy story (that excludes the bit about the accordion)
Very cool. We are still using Bugzilla. We recently gave it a facelift but it is still painful
But having 2 jobs wit no car tho #Dagger -___-
Yes! Hosmer deep!
It's you, it's you, it's all for you. Every little thing that I do. ♥
Just wanted to say, Suck it, Latos-haters.
thanks, mate!
please. I can't watch you leave.
Hello everybody!!;) How are you??
I love Spring!
Want to know how people talk about businesses? Do a Twitter search for "customer service" and see how SM weighs in on business! INTERESTING!
"is following you a distraction for me?"
Very busy day: Server maintenance, #Warof1812 in-house requests, grant meeting, etc.
that one was so so. There's much crazier ones.
wearing my Miami Dade basketball t shirt going to fireworks show
Stop by the at 4:00 on the dot for a "Craft Cans & Kan-Jam" Frisbee Tourney featuring & more...
challenge accepted.
Get advice on better living at www.scoresluda.com
wtf... made every green light from pioneer sq to lower queen anne
minus the meth, that was clearly an exaggeration haha
Davis/Ki may have surpassed Finlay/Ki which I also thought was great and was definitely my favorite Ki singles outing in DGUSA/Evolve.
Well, that was depressing. But good news for who won the final pool.
Great line.
I wasnt high at thee game!
Robert Hegyes, the Jersey-born actor who played Epstein on the 1970s classic "Welcome Back Kotter," died this morning. He was 60.
Godspeed, MCA. Thanks for all the good works and happy memories!
Can we bring anything to the ranch for ranchparty?
Where did those beers cone from???
Mini rose plants were $17+ at #Lowes in Bluefield & $7 at #WalMart, Kimball #WV. It's the same company. Am I missing something?
Who knew that Sunset Regret would bring such cheer...
Thanks for coming out Scott! RT : Just left dinner. Came over to Smokin Hot aces for cocktail or 3.
Gahh I'm so stressed
I wanna go for a motorcycle ride...
Yesterday spent the best day with that babe :3 O4.1O.12
Apparently, thinks Tupac looks like a gingerbread man. hahahahahahahaah
Will he see his shadow? It's not Punxsutawney Phil but we'll be in the a.m.
Going down to The King Center??? Mention Our MLK Special and Recieve 10% Off Regular Rate
i love lake tahoe!(:
MBrady said, "...The world can never appreciate it [my photography]. It changed the whole course of my life."
"Never drink milk from a coconut you have found in the dark"
Um Wat shall ur name be
Me too Teresa or in A Steeler Bar,drinking cold ones and eating wings lol
I want those white LeBron 9 Elite's so bad. Why do they have to be so damn expensive?
I. Just. Lost. The. Volleyball. Game. Fml
Q6: We must continue to advocate for the importance of the federal role in education
Man my iPhone dies to fast :/ stupid 4s. Fuck it tho I'm get the 5 when it drops
enjoy! And thanks!!
Another big key to reaching your goals-give up the quick-fix mentality. Quick fixes are what you seek when you’re hiding from your life.
where are they?
Blow! Bang!! my niggas holding that pain, I just hope you praying.
Affordable Web Designing, Web Development, E-Commerce Websites, Logo Designing, Multimedia Video Post-Production, TV Video Commercials
Did you catch our interview with ? They have a free trial of their services. Take a quick look when you can!
I think I've found both my new life goal & first Kickstarter idea.
Hahahaha Three of my favorite words: a, ma and zing!
I have an unhealthy obsession with oil pastels...they glide onto the page so smoothly. :D
Wow. Two specials on the menu tonight at : waygu beef cheek lettuce wraps and golden king crab roll. Order both. Mind blowing.
guess i'll be finding a way to move us back to alabama once school is out :(
Just survived Neil Diamond traffic jam. Was starting to feel dispair, but then 'America' came on. No sweat.
Thanks! I'm an idiot.
Plz RT Birthday wishes to my son!!!(And follow)
Was it any good?
Noah's out here on a bad ankle. So NBA players have no heart? Huh?
a sad Saturday...
New logo in the works.
Sweet, M83 tickets purchased. Less sweet: $24.75 in fees on two $28 tickets.
Grind hard, create your own lane.
My bestfriend cut off 12 inches of her hair & donated it to The Locks Of Love Foundation. :)
What kind?
(Glendale) Crash @ SB I-43 north @ Silver Spring. Right lane closed. Report of injuries
Hello dear friends
I'm also deleting valeriefuck, jwowwcunt, and jaspercunt. New twitter can SUCK MY DICK.
I was going to go see Hangover, but I have so much fun things to do at home like... wash some carpets. I will try and get some painting in.
Am I the only one who can't wait for the kids to open their #Christmas presents? They'll be so excited!
Don't forget to stop by and pick up some BBQ and cole slaw for your UVa Tailgate tomorrow! Go Hoos!
Missed out on a friends bday... So I shall give him his gift later. Happy 24th
Love can neither be bought or sold, its only price is love.
Looking to book you wedding!
well ur pretty awesome too =)
i feel that anything outside of america is romantic...maybe because i've never been outside it!!!
We haven’t tested iOS 5 on iPhone 4 yet. We’ll look into it and put out a bug fix.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Bill Schroeder leads off the 2nd with a single, but Brewers don't score. 1-2-3 inning for Nieves. Head to the 3rd, #Brewers lead 1-0!
im starving FUCK!!!
at home, hbu?
Can't sleep...
good piece.
Good day.
for yo password? I responded hoe
Anyone else having trouble listening to anything other than Watch The Throne?
If all you need is a great QB, what's up with the Chargers & Phillip Rivers? Teams need BALANCE! Run & pass. Off & Def. Both.
um but there is a parking garage next to the stadium
Marvin's room is the story of my life except the naked pics part hahahahha
Well we are heading to West End Johnny's tonight....never heard back....
My phones stupid it always sends double tweets! Ughh.
's response 2 Aaron's #MVP award "so what time do you guys play tomorrow" means he knows I will not be attending his SB party
Live track ending as soon as I get to class = applause as I walk in the room.
Jane Eyre? Wuthering Heights? Something about those Brontes locked away scribbling feverishly - it's pretty heady!
Definition of dedication. House to myself on Saturday morning, but going to work out instead.
Finite Jest
I need some froyo ASAP >.<
Someday, Mad Men. Someday I will learn that there is nothing to be gleaned from your "next week on." But today will not be that day.
im gonna be in troy this week. and i will be blasting every chance i can.
thanks so much! :)
Do the. Potty dance.
It's May 17th But Thank You. Not Thinking That Far Ahead.
Of course boeheim changed his tune based on the evidence presented. Anybody would have. It's only natural.
so I am going to Japan in November! PS got your Facebook message. Will respond later.
Badly called Dream/Sun game
Something special about the smell of the football field. 1st night of practice complete.
I got 2 Saturday detentions U KNOW WAT I SAY BOUT THAT OK FUCK THEM BITCHES I HATE MR. ASS FUCK ND MRS. BITCH FUCK ALL I DID IS HAVE CONDOMS
Harpoons, eh? I will investigate! As for tomorrow, maybe a drink around 7? I'm at the sheraton next to the convention center
#May/25 "LIVE" @ Harold Washington Culture Center ** $25 & $50 tickets* PERFORMING "LIVE"
My eyeballs hurt. Everything fun and productive during the day is done with your eyes open.
It was great to see you! Someday we shall lunch!
Happy Birthday!!! =D
Shouts to both my brothers locked up! Love yall JaVel and Jamon Bates
Looking forward to my Higher Ed IT Law and Policy Update session later this month in Portland, OR.
": Ladies pleasure comes with pain so take the dick and SHUT THE HELL UP! #EroticSexFacts" I knw that's right
I just wanna know who putting the stamp of approval on all this BULLSHIT music.. i guess ACTUALLY knowing HOW to rap dnt matter...
this is so cute. I think I'm gonna cry.
it was a joke...
Soul guitarist Kevin Sandbloom is the feature this week at Next2Blow open mic. Thursday.
Fabulous catch-up/reunion lunch with my homies!
Join for the screening of "Waiting for Superman" this Thursday :30pm in the Student Success Center Clary Theatre....
About to go through some major changes. Taking control. Serious mode. #roadto400 on hold #defeatthecurse gymtime
RT um, BTE, they're still alive and kickin; check out before the robots. and how does your garden grow. great albums.
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an #investment in our future. - Ed Markey
You goin' diss me even though you know its wrong, but you goin' miss me a little when i'm gone
RT if you ever had to hold someone down while they went up the road..
Good afternoon... God is good... Remember that!
Hope you survived the crazy business last week.
Lol my eyes burn
i cringe when ppl say to me "no i believe in carbs" (aka GRAINS) Im always like paleo is NOT anti-carb! ugh makes me crazy
Does anyone know of any purely online music-related internships? I work full time but I do literally NOTHING all day. I wanna be useful!
You're welcome!
Thnx 4 the shout out Vince! Keep moving forward!
If I don't get the chance to tell all of you mother HAPPY MOTHERS DAY❕❕❕
Office debate about if the Hulk can die/what can kill him is going on 30 minutes; other departments being brought in
Can't wait till April 20th.. :)
#20thingsaboutme I believe in Jesus Christ.
Hey Re-tweet me if you love to shop at Southern Ivy!
Calling it an early night. 😪💤
have you guys had a good amount of people to sign up for the class?
yes sir
pretty good.
My girlfriend can cook some goodazz soul food and chinese food. Caucasian foods ight lol
god i dont know what id do with music
<--- most beautiful actress and defiantly one of the prettiest girls alive. #crush #JustSaying #marryme lol
Encourage your followers to participate and reward them for their loyalty. Promotional campaigns are very helpful for a brand.
The Bad Beginning by Lemony Snicket: 3 Orphans w/Bad Luck
Thanks to for stopping by the Radio Now Soundstage!! Such a cool show...we'll have the video up shortly :)
One sal. Then me. I blame that clothing class. Smh.
So my sister saw your twitter picture & said "Wow, her hair got super dooper longer!" ;))
Worked to a 2-2 count w/ #RajaiDavis on the 3rd. Came inside and got #muscled. Then, #EdwinEncarnacion homered.
Can someone tell me what the fuck it means to call a woman a "slut"? I'm confused, because these days it seems to be able to mean anything.
my toes hurt so badly )):
Patio opens at 10am today! Going to be a perfect day for delicious food and drinks on one of our patios!
Don't miss on Fearless Radio tonight at 5PM central. Tweet your questions to and listen at www.fearlessradio.com
“: RT : Bitches is really ugly out here”
We are available to play any small bar, house party, wedding, office party, barmitzvah or quinceañera. Hit is up for more info.
hey honey dont flatter urself lmao hani is an old friend of mine get lost
Hanover is a great, constantly evolving insurance company. Seems to be very aggressive on lines of business they want to write.
cool! Have fun at the #pbskidsvips #danieltiger breakfast today!
Happy #EarthDayEveryone! Go out and enjoy this beautiful weather were having.
When people try to upsell me I get offended. "No, I don't want your shitty insurance."
“: Who likes gummy bears cause i do c:” I do O:
Ok! :D When you met Zayn? You are so cute...<3 Follw Me...<3
If my sister takes my air conditioner out of my room at all the next 3 months she's getting punched
I hope I'm top of my game as well as Christopher Plummer when I get to 82 years old.
This school done got so damn boring :/
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 17
Another #virginiatech shooting? I wonder if it was another crazy asian guy
I've just been thinking, 'is it a full moon?'
Dirks commercial lol > put the team on your back Dirk
It's mine I spend it (✌ chainz voice)
What?!? That's crazy. I might have to ban him. Have you seen/used any of the kitty game apps? I'm unlimited phone, 2gb iPad
What is the new paradise release date?
How come my grandmother called into work so she can go to the "grand opening" of Marshalls
Break That Single! taking the Fluff out of mainstream. 6pm-9pm @ 4700 Maryland pkwy.& Tropicana @ the Freakin Frog you don't want to miss it
Aww that would be so fun! Do you want to deliver the pizzas?
Go to bed at 8, wake up at 2?
A mother's love is a demonstration of love's most natural expression.
Thanks for the sweet note! I hope you're enjoy the blue skies this morning!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FOR JUSTIN!
alright got it
Sitting in Dr Seuss park at sunset. Dr Seuss art would be horrifying if nothing but color palette was changed. Think corroded earth tones :(
Let me talk with our developers, what is your user name for Snoball and 4sq?
Maestro's mixing & mingling with the best in Orthopaedic education, research & technology at #AAOS2012 in San Francisco....
Well good for you guys.. At least you guys are trying to be a team.. then, there's us :/
lmao I know
At the "World of Wheels" today @ the Fairgrounds in Indy....
Dont be afraid of failure.
Happy bday ManMan! LOVE! >>": With the fam -- girls Mrs. Fame, Tsana & the boys "
Mothers Day's coming up & the ideal gift is a well deserved mom-trip! Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!!
I'm bored haha :)
Parties with stripper poles = entertaining
You'd think Timmy Chandler was replacing Philipp Lahm with as much attention he is getting on my twitter feed...
so much music.so little time!
But... he was the most exciting young player for them. Like, the catcher's version of Kershaw a couple of years ago.
sadly no ! I wish they would though , did they go Australia?
Rest in paradise MCA!!
Being COO the corporation my family owned really allowed me to improve my performance as the CEO of T3ΔMΔV3NG3R$.
have a safe
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people.
i hope no one ever has to be in the shoes Im standing in right now... Worst feeling in the world.
Cloud-based mustache bald cap social network/aggregator. is technical co-founder.
Wish I was watching me some Lakers!
I wanna go to a Live Show of the upcoming season of when I'm in Long Beach :)
If they cant be with you, they talk about you.
yeah man, get that piece of paper. That's what counts. And yeah we do need to catch up, its been a minute.
Who said LeBron can't shoot? Yeah I already said it
is it me but does Mark look like he has a 5 year olds hair cut? #McKenzie reminds me of somebody, cant name it right now tho
Hey, my mother told me Sarah got all A's on her report card. Sweet! Tell her I said nice going.
of course you! Love you too momma Beth
Trying to #write, but I'm being distracted by my neighbor yelling at someone over the phone. Unless he's talking to himself. Again.
I guess because I had to leave Indiana, #Peyton couldn't stay either.
Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change. Doug E. Fresh
$199 for 1 Year Unlimited Laser Hair Removal (Soprano XL) Sessions for 3 Body Parts at Chic-Era ($4500 Value)
when it come on?
best friends....?
constantly dropping your cell...
Home office! Now I can work on projects in comfort! Love my downtown office but sometimes it's great to work from home!
I am chile. real soon.
Lebron wont get a ring tell he play for a elite coach 0 tolerance coach
I LOVE STRIPPERS!
I'm so mad earlier I was craving a porterhouse steak with loaded potato an broccoli but now I'm not that hungry for it ????
I enjoy this very much! Hehe :)
YW! The #GSummit lineup looks awesome!
he said terminal c, near where you get off tram. Said someone hit 3.5 million there. I'll be checking it out in an hour :-)
sweet where are u going for a vacat at homie
no you anit you are so fine looking
9 more days of school. I can do this.
Daughter Raquel turns 11 today! Hooray!
great game Nazr. Hate to see my rockets lose but good for you. Feel for Happened right in front of me. Ouch.
WHOA WHOA. Wade didn't get the foul called?
i love austin carter mahone and alex ruben constancio
Raise a little hell.
Definitely depends on who you ask. It seems like so many pick and choose from it anymore. Sad.
Thousands of American Servicemen & women will be placed in harms way in Afghanistan through 2024
home opener is tonight! Brazilian & baseball go well together!
Oh yeah well first you have to download emoji and an app on your iphone.
I'm loved in many places, the Hood being one of them.
When is Netflix gonna get with the picture and throw 'Alien Nation' up on streaming?!
Aw, shucks. Thank you both!
I'm better at butchery than dart throwing, it seems, but I am so getting an atlatl!
i love my mom, i'd be nothing without her! she is always there to help me no matter what . i love you so much mommy ♥
Con't... I will defiantly be getting one of these! The movie in the intro was awesome too!
A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL
has to be a DVD. CD's hold 700mb of data. Win7 is over 1GB
Oh is all too serious. if I ever got to a point where I knew some McD's employee by name I'd blow my head off.
Delayed gratification?! That's un-American!
whoa<3 just woke up to my 70th follower<3 thanks guise :3 !!
what? there's no iron chef tonight because of this rachel v guy train wreck. this is bullshit.
Thanks, but won't make it later. Will I see you ?
Yep its shaping up to be an Amazing 2012!!! Amazing Singles being released Soon!!! JO-WAYNE n is a serious duo!!! JTP
The first time this happened when my hair got wet, I barely had my hair in for 2 weeks. Granted, I went scuba diving
Teague, there is a reason they are letting you shoot the 3!!!! #youcan't
l love your storey carry on mwa
The hubs and I have taken a vow of anti-french fry. As soon as I threw the idea out, he reached into the freezer and trashed all the fries.
I wish I never would have broken my arm. 
I always work myself into a leadership position. It's a gift and a curse. Sometimes I'd rather sit back and enjoy the ride.
We eat lefsa:-)
great job last night ladies!
yeah you are
Yeah my dude Lavoy Allen came to Detroit to mess with me before he got drafted let's go philly
Hey don't be a
took me a half second to guess your email to invite you lol.
Hell yea! In south beach son!
Easy for you to say . Everything goes your way .. !
Too bad that Fox can't lose audio power for the game, and just have the video.
I've been taking notes by summarizing each chapter once I finish, which helps a lot.
Thank you Andrea, and a sweet earth day to you too!! ")
RT : Half a Yellow Sun by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie about Nigeria & the Biafran War, is excellent. Anything by her is excellent.
What English Sounds Like to People Who Don't Speak It
New video is SO FUCKING AWESOME. Spread the word.
Why pay $4 for a bottle of BUD when you can get a draft of yuengling for $3
I've come to conclusion that if Demi doesn't tweet the day her music video comes out than she has no motivation about her career.
is amazing, & i wouldnt be able to live without her. she completes my life btw, this was not her (: (FOLLOWME,ifOLLOWBACk)
"To dance is to be yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power on earth and it is for the taking."
": J Cole doesn't suck Idc what anyone says" who the hell said he sucked?
I too would have killed bin Laden even though Bush brought down the towers.
get in my pants
nobody puts baby in the corner
Thanks for the shout out! ;)
Thanks for the FF-o-sity!
for real -____- we're getting early to school (y)
Tonight should be an interesting evening at the home of & ! PEYTONNNN!!!
I want to tip those cupcakes. Martha let me knock it over. That would make my day.
#First20SongsOnShuffle Live My Life and Boyfriend!<33
Yes please
#MyProblemIs is that i will alwayz have a place in my for you be i cant be with you
"Find the linear speed of a point that moves with constant speed in a circular motion if the point travels along the circle of arc length..
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Totally been off my game with the weight loss the last month or so! Frustrating to say the least!!!😣
<< short & light skinned tho (;
RT : If there's no hedge fund shorting venture-backed nontechnical founding teams trying to hire developers... there should be. ...
thankss(: tell all your friends to check out and go to bryantjames.com! Thnnkkss
: already a funny story from last night. Scene: group of frat boys & moms drinking beer. Mom brings up 50 Shades of Grey....
Living in the twilight zone today
Thanks...One Love!
I will never work at Walmart or MC Donald's! Lol (:< never
We never know which of us will start the chain reaction. But one of us will. - Colin Beavan
i'm deleting hundreds of accidentally created #drupal nodes and once again wishing i knew more command line SQL :(
Also in some of the comics, Tony Stark is the director of SHIELD and not Nick Fury.
S/o to this fake kid here...
Typical, looks like God is gonna pee on my plans. Hoping it clears by pregame time.
Our patio is open! Be the 1st to enjoy the Echo patio this year!
They’re gonna bring projector/screen….should be great, we’ve never done it before on our events yet!
my birthdays in 6 days!! but i have a competition on my birthday :(
my shirt bottom keeps opening and it had to be where my boobs are -.-
() 0 <- that phone troll keeps calling. Waste of time. Block 'em.
-Don't say I love you nd you dont mean it; Because then there is no real reason/worth to waste your breathe on lies
Sneak In a Lunch Break Workout. Grab a friend and go for a short run or walk while you have a break in the day.
Keep Following My Back-Up ~~>
Thanks for passing Angel Dance along!
Our heart beats for Ariana ♥
If you think being a musician is easy...give it a go and you'll see.
Getting new car insurance and its so fuckin trash. Might have just found 1 tho
according the the booster next to me
hey Jordan! Great seeing you last night. You killed it with Unbroken & The Right Words! See ya around the 'hood.
For sure! I'll see you there!
I want you catch a fish for my... someday :)
damn we must not be family niggas on stranga time
Perkins need to be in the dleague
shoot! Seat location: Madison, WI
I'll get you an application!
Is it me or does Jim Harbaugh look like an older Daniel Tosh?
awh thanks so much :)
Just signed up for Orientation @ The MMAC on 4/24
nothing u?
made all the candidates cupcakes. i made myself a cake
the cashier just went silent when and I were buying that
sure thing
that Shiraz tweet was nice and upbeat. hey did you tell how you really feel about his book?
Pork shoulder, lamb shanks, tomatoes, chicken stock, herbs, and cinnamon. I'm going to serve it with sautéed kale. I'm excited.
Shouldn't it have some sort of timer so that it turns itself off? And how did YOU end up with this contraption ??!!
Airline service has gone down the tube. I wish more people would freak out on power obsessed flight attendants more often!
They're yummy!
Galax VA not just a haven for oldtime fiddlers anymore. Good tomme style cheese (Meadow Creek - Appalachian) too! Thanks
According to , it's also been licensed to Old Navy as "Bust a Tunic."
doing some boring but necessary and useful site maintenance: tagging pages that I forgot to tag when I wrote them.
at Coral Reef Senior, 7pm. Fans always get rowdy. Players/Coaches usually get carded. Heated Rivalry. Should be very fun.
Roundup tonight!!!! Can't wait!!! :D
Arriving in Denver for #ATS this week. Long airport bus ride to downtown in the rain.
she brought food,she got fucked...she knew wassup.
Another #FinalFriday event thanks to in OTR. "Latte Art Throwdown" starts at 6PM this Friday 4/29! 110 E. Central Parkway!
Hate when I write a song then Dnt save quite yet then computer die! Ugh Smh I should of just saved!!!!
“: STFU with your Google Quotes BITCH !!!”lmfao actually all ur tweets just deactivate ur account seriously here let me help!
Well the excitement about the #bucks was fun while it lasted.false sense of hope again...
got sum thangs that need to be taken care of
i got hacked. i didnt post that
Hello, Jack. We have received each of your emails, despite the error message. Thanks for notifying us. Good day!
Shout out to all the recent followers, Thank You! New tracks will start being released soon.
Wonderful day with the family
OMG they just ran over a girl riding her bike i hope she is okay
Time to loose more weight.
haha! Right! Reminding myself!!!
Thanks for the follow and kudos for the best profile description ever.
wow, sounds hot.
Praise the Lord. Congrats
Snap yo fingas, do ya step. You can do it all by yo' self, let me see ya do it.
I think it's kinda freaky to see her and hear someone with a deep voice talking.
i don't have dates yet, but august-september is what it'll probably be. and hell yeah we will party! haha.
where are you going?
am sure they were
looks soo hot!!!
Happy Birthday to Delta Airlines MD 88 Fleet! Delta
I miss the calming sound of you eating all day.. its like white noise
That was a BFF text!
yeah I went there today. =))
Find a way everyday to do something big or small to help someone! The feeling of paying it forward is rewarding, not to mention contagious
what are your Monday in May lunches like? I'd love to play catchup in RL?
does the Webster one have a climbing wall ?
If a #Skyrim player wants to really impress me, they'll train one of those dragons and form a traveling circus
Hate when people come in portillos and complain if u broke dont take yo ass downtown
Loves seeing you, Christina--thanks for working your magic!!
I don't understand why some people exercising their right to free speech find it necessary to destroy property.
Just checked out 's music. One word:
a little bit rusty, that wasn't gonna be a surprise. but just hope they can do what Thunder did last night.
If you hit the Mega Millions would you TELL THE WORLD or GO ANONYMOUS??????
I had a wonderful birthday weekend. Loads of fun, a new restaurant and dueling pianos... Brilliant!
if you have a hello kitty tattoo, i'm not judging you, unless i see you at kalahari.
4Blondes: 65% of speech is in the body..."lovers" speech can often be 100% body language...y-owe-zers! So D for talking and A for knocking!
That's not unique to Jews. Many evangelical Christians believe all non-Evangelicals to be hell-bound (Jews, Catholics, Lutherans, etc)
BOUT TO GET iT CRUNK TONiGHT FOR BRADDAH BABA'S PARTY AT MOJOES iN KANEOHE LET'S GET NiCE!!! ALOJAH FRiDAY!!!
How do you explain to an insurance company that your piano was eaten by a tree?
If a girl offers you gum, it means she wants to kiss you later. It's not an insult; just take the gum.
definitely get some packaging tape and place over the screen
Starting on May 19th...you all are going to need to vote for my full of sass and stout Whiskey cocktail for Details coming
Go WashingtonDC! Go ScienceFest! Come here, y'all and see our science celebration!
Mendeley's Repository pilot project going into mainstream in 2 weeks!
Gracious schmacious; women need to hear it! RT : perhaps not my most gracious quote, but true, nonetheless :)
killing it indeed. 😏
sounds good. We make hits
Father can you hear me im callin out your name,.
PT : Roger Clyne & the Peacemakers are one of the best bands in the world. Can't wait to see them next month.
my bad, i should be citing on those tweets
Thanks for spreading the word.
no i'm not lucky i'm blessed yes.
My hometown Miami Heat what about you?
San Diego music thing is coming up--! Get some tickets and let's do this.... Sept 10 at u31
#weliveinaworldwhere levis are the best jeans in the world
frozen yogurt! And check out the expensive stuff in the jewelry case!
uhmmm I'm not sure I know what you think I was referring to??!! #YOLO right haha
Unfortunately I don't be in SF at the end of the month - enjoy though! We will have to continue to connect online.
... Is great with lots of things that are not gluten free! :)
Take a SHOT for me !
gotta love some burma superstar. Have you tried the Rainbow Salad?
Fantastic! Part of exhibition about sports! Going to be really fun for communities across the U.S.!
coolgi go out to you beach
Eminem: Angry Blonde.
never have I ever
I'm a Obama supporter but no one should be criticized for what they did in HS. I'm sure we all would be in trouble.
Just lettn' ya know.. is the BEST radio host!! Jealous? (;
#iheartradio tv campaign. Hm
I feel like Im watching Predator vs Aliens with some of these dread hairstyles.
If I had to pick, I think Heather would b my favorite. She's the moat real and will call ppl out... like Alexis.
I just need one for myself. U might wanna hit up too
YES!x LOOK AT THE TWEETS THERE IS PROOF IN THE PICTURES!x RT B!TCHES
“Content is NOT king – seeding and promotion tactics of said content is king.” -Brian Chappell
Even Santa has an iPhone lol. Love that commercial....
Tim Tebow is cover boy of the premiere issue of NFL Magazine. But he doesn't show up inside until the magazine's final quarter.
Montgomery, i'm just trying to help you with your grammar.
Oral drug test analysis found five times more heroin use in the U.S. workforce than previously believed, says Quest Diagnostics
Oh it does! Thanks and good luck in your final year!
no. Its a comedy tv show.
Day already starting to suck
I sure hope so. I'm rooting for him and the Giants.
“: There he goes its Dan Schu, there he goes it's Dan Schu ---” There he goes its E Trayn! Haha Lunar tonight!! Let's go!!
sorry to bother you, Oldie McOlderson.
Sending a shout out to our Infunitum App Fans in Canada. Thank you for playing Infunitum!
o shitt,forgot i got kicked out of my 5th period.Different class O.o
you da best! Definitely the best "cookie" ever!
#follow Vanessa has beautiful crafted unique jewelry when you like something special
Excited to try for lunch today. Could also be tempted to stop for a beer float...
you really are a weirdo
what kind is that?
Had fun mixing some great acoustic songs today.
The T.V News is all bullshit. It's just brainwashing everyone.
if only legislators could hear the stories and from the #poor. People on the hill should read the Working Poor by Shipler, -Tianna Gaines
Anyone have a crane? I just finished lunch at and i can't move! As usual GREAT MEAL AND GREAT SERVICE!
I strut in my birthday suit... :-)
"I'm getting my green belt in mind control." - Lou Rugani
Umm, excuse me? Obama has been the worst president for organized labor since Bush!
Wizards star John Wall @ The Safeway BBQ battle in DC today @ 3pm
The Seahawks top receiver is ranked 108 in receptions. That means, on avg, each of the other 31 #NFL teams have 3.5 players w/ more catches.
yes, student needs to interview him. Do u know if they're open Friday?
Classic music, classic cocktails, good food, good times. #RetroOnThePatio Tonight starting at 6:00.
I got to see today!
Isn't it a gorgeous morning? Happy NO WIND Friday, ABQ! - From our Twitter feed ()
Sorry to hear that part. The result in thinking based on a flawed system.
I am not sure but welcome the opportunity to find out!!
One in the oven...
Free wine tasting today Saturday 03/10/12 in Aptos. Look for the Store More Amerinca at 9687 Soquel Dr. Just off of Highway 1 at Rio Del Mar
S.Palin I understand ur need2create generational wealth&security4ur clan. Please put ur publicist money2work by supporting qualified people!
real quick !
too hard to find a source ;)
real hard I fuck with this music for real
I ain't forget, I ignored it
Let's go Bruins!
Had a fun day with I just wish I wasn't so nervous.
LMFAO NEVER! hahahahahahahahahahaha i was stalking your page as usual <3 and saw this haha
Not a good way to start the job, huh?! RT : New nanny. First day. 30 minutes late.
LOL. You'll be so busy trying to find the room you should be in that you won't think about tweeting.
lol....okay ill let you slide...lol
Yes, ugly ugly stuff.
ohh ya 19 on ACT .. FIRST TRY.! YA BABY
Waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow me back??? Yes?? No.. Man :'(
nice gear
RT I'm sure Snooki will be a great mother.
My thoughts on #sportingkc at the moment is no one is afraid of losing their spot in the starting lineup. Players are too content.
Stars #Theorie_van_het_Konijn is wearing yellow this Saturday check out why www.livestrong.org/livestrongday
I know, & it's only the first round!
it's politics as usual they still hate the D's for Bay of Pigs so the R's blow smoke at them. And the US looks like fools.
I know that's not interesting at all, but trying to get in the habit of work-related tweeting.
8.36 minutes of perfection. Suite Sioux. Red Clay.
damn alright. And i got plans for saturday already -_- will figure something out
#jumbolove - then, now, always
Sonic has Sweet Potato Tots!!!! <Snoopy dance of Joy>
Love the new UI of Twitter. Good jobs
Totally awesome. RT : It's true! RT : Just in case you wondered Rebecca from is super awesome!
RT : Opponents are now 0-for-their-last-32 vs. #Twins Jared Burton. He last gave up a hit, April 12.
songza is the shit for music
Or Maybe I should put Snow tires on the Car hmmnn. I'm a Damn Jamaican for crying out Loud. Look at this clowns car spinning out next to me.
Wonder what I should wear tonight
my motto is chicago,bitch
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
All the choirs at my school got superior! Now, we go to state. :)
what a failure
My actual fav part about #Bizforum is the intelligent convo on both sides of every question.
At what point does featuring complexity in our writing and our teaching become counter productive?
Your music makes me want to drink heavily and have intercourse with lots of women...Hell ya!
Complain on Twitter? Go for it. But I imagine even a slave in 1860, terribly abused by his master, would find something else to Tweet about.
Tell Her I Said Hi Lol >,,<
If you vang handle it yourself, outsourcing is a must!
lol alright then
Need an Ot rally.
#ihatewhen the person driving puts the music on loud & everyone else is trying to talk to each other and he/she cant bother to turn it down!
All I can say is WOW!
I'm going for an early 90s Jerry Seinfeld silhouette if anyone was wondering.
yayyyyyyyyy! Graduation time!!!
That happened to me the other day. So scary. Glad you're ok.
#it Happy Birthday, Kutie!!!
bought tickets for today's game? It's not even on TV in Milwaukee
Let's set the world on fire!
No rain yet just thunder #weather Indianapolis
Worst. Headache. Ever... 8hrs and counting... And I still gta bust out
Right! I saw that movie this past weekend and I was like omg Milwaukee, but yet had no idea it was filmed here
A real man knows dat if he make u happy u will keep him happy...
uhhmm...just call me when you guys leave, since I'm walkin'. I'll DM you my number :o
want to learn how to fuck like a rockstar?
Mitt Romney says saving the auto industry is best thing he's done since inventing sliced bread (white, of course.)
maybe you'll understand if I put it like this, grammer aint fer twiter but it heps proof igneranc.
haha omg same here D:&& I'm doing great ^.^
I hate going to sleep with something to say on my mind.
Had a great networking event with cohort 17 and 16 at chef geoff's in tenleytown.
They sell Magnolia cakes at Costco!
ha fact!! boa!
Big #shoutout to the birthday girl!!!!!!!! :) It's your day so feel free to do as you please... Go ahead & let loose at work lol
Happy Mothers Day!
Maybe I should set obtainable goals
Bout to SMASH on some McDonalds
Bieber thanks dear little baby jesus. Not even a day old.
totally dug the article. He's the first number 9 on the tribe I've liked since baerga
<--- Looking for a booking
JOSS Whedon. Not Josh. LOL. Man, I really enjoyed that. Worst line in the movie was the "spinning rims" line. Good stuff!
the only way to live bro! Gotta set goals and push push push until you hit them!
I wanna see Cool Morning 3 so you better do it!!
Working on an article about using interpreters in conferences & meetings. What's your best tip?
Aix en Provence is lovelier than I imagined. Why did I wait so long?!
your very welcome :)
wow RT : Shep Smith on Fox News: 'The President of the United States, now in the 21st century.'
Brighten's #behuman is available on iTunes NOW! Go get it! RT
I also love RPGs. I like the hero system, anything by white wolf, even aberrant, and fading suns.
Did you celebrate natl. champagne day yesterday? Bit o trivia;The cage on a Champagne cork is called a muselet; takes 6 twists to remove.
which one you pick?
“: Hey chubby guy sitting in his cubicle drinking Gatorade: You're doing it wrong.” this made me laugh
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
no sorry thats not true. .-.
RT “: Every bosinan better have a bosnian flag in their room Word !”
Thank you for the +K!
Our Information Session is today at 6:30 at the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation, 7401 Park Heights Avenue, 21208. Make a difference with us!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Feeling brand new cuz of and
same here, laundry means I'm busy lol
m Just grilled baguette slices with brie and pear.
oh do not worry.
I shouldn't be here at 5am if no one else is.
A personal tree lets a caregiver yell and scream and sob and take a deep breath.
We are on a roll, averaging $15,000,000 in investment sales every week for the last eight weeks. More to come, stay tuned!
I miss you both so much already!! 😔 boo. Can we just be freshmen forever?
You mean that people really WERE NOT saying bad things about me?!? I'm certain that they were about you eFive!
I know, Danny Green, The Ginger, Gary Neal, Patty...they're kinda stacked & hv a batch of "been there/done that's".
Good morning lovees!
The artivist merges commitment to freedom and justice.The artivist knows that to make an observation is to have an obligation. ~Asante Jr.
Tim duncan scored 4 points I remember him David twin towers they were bAdd.
yeah she is. i mean i think you can it was just a paper with everyone's name and number on it. im pretty sure you still can.
I think the liger is a little too confused at this point lol
: have you contacted "/I'm pretty it's this Droid, and my provider, Credo. I can't get into yahoo either. Thank you. ; )
"we have a problem!" All Beckel has is bluster & personal angry slurs! He should be more pro; he makes stuff too personal! Stefano
When you cannot remember what it's like to be impulsive and enthusiastic.
thanks for the follow looking forwarad to following you
Got my tickets but now i have to go back to work lol
i know we need summer so bad
Never underestimate Panther Pride!
Happy Friday everyone! And, to our Advisors - get ready for Cancun, Mexico!
C'mon Yuni! Find your happy place!
Pssst...don't fret about those last minute gifts! Order Morton's gift cards by Sun. Dec 18 and get free ground shipping!www.mortons.com
Harvard baseball team >
Just an itty, bitty bit! Love, actually. Sad truth: I actually rewatch that show sometimes.
Had a great show :)
Bread, wine and cheese: how snotty am I?
"The past made you WHO YOU ARE, but won't determine WHO YOU'LL BE."
Hi! Nice to finally meet u @ Senses last weekend. Hope to attend another event when I get back to TN.
Thank ya sir.
good Morning! ;]
I'm back!
" Today Is Friday" is trending as if we didnt know it was friday.
In-laws (aka babysitter once a wk) announced their 3 mo (or longer) trip to Korea, starting in 9 days. Activating contingency plan today!
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
Omg. #wordwithfriends. I'm ktRnst- prepare to get schooled.
Beat me again, but I'll blame it on the time difference.
hey its , my timeline won't load, but i owe you 10 so i'll get you later. you can start, i'll be at '40
Good morning!
These two granny-aged tourists just spit their gum into a wrapper and stuck it to the seat in front of them!!
RT : We had a great time at last night's presidential reception-the largest alumni event in history!
Are you planning to come to our FREE SOLAR SEMINAR on Thurs, March 1? It's at the Clinton Firehouse at 7:00. Bring your questions
Gotta love that #ESPN article where the Heat are already making excuses if they lose this series. Let's be real. It's always be the big 2
I think he has a particular view of the world and how it works and is convinced of his own rightness about it.
Keep telling everyone you know about Project 143! Your support means the world! :)
En route to Miyake's to celebrate with team for hitting our company's first major milestone! :)
Don't you just love it when you have a favorite item of make up?? You take it practically everywhere you go =)
I've been thinking you should learn Take Care on your guitar! I want to do an acoustic cover so bad!
I regret not getting an actual personal picture with him. He was in a rush and it was brief, regardless... it meant the world to me ♥ x
RT : Hey Mike, best Ribs in the world are make sure you check it out.
Be not afraid of going slowly; be afraid only if standing still. ~ chinese proverb
RT : I'm really craving cheese!
lol, are you pulling an all nighter?
Know this ... Love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else
Building a better you is the first step to building a better world.
Nah, im still here....just busy but im back now RT : thought u went into hiding
I heart you like the first time we tweeted. I'll still bring you coffee anytime you want. Looking/dancing great and #WINNING!!
check out rockwelltime.com, super sick company, and the crew over there is awesome!
are you moving there for good once you start, or working from nyc?
Missing my boys and we need another night at rainbow room and HOB.
Visualizing the realism of my life in actuality. F**k who's the baddest a persons status depends on salary.
this exhibit has been my life since it opened. I'm volunteering Fri, but my group of friends meet up at the Luce Center monthly.
You're asking that question as a joke, right?
that would be awesome! It deserves time lapse! Tired of seeing flowers grow! lol
lmaoo RT : YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB. CHRIS RT : Left my twitter up at work
It does. I guess it isn't superfluous as I think. I hope the next keyboard generation has a .com button built in.
Wow. Working hard and getting ahead of things...no better feeling!
was touching 's tits...urm.
I wish... sounds like so much fun!! Have a blast and continue to blow us away with your social media work!
Happy Monday everyone! Got my coffee in hand and I'm ready to go! Is it Friday yet?? ;)
We're supporting 's anti-social media night
I hate wearing shorts.
Dad at u -10 girls game just lay prone &pounded the ground in frustration.
It's no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
hit the bat line I'm thurrr
right when you get on im going to bedd... Just my luck aha. Goodnight handsome♥
I feel bad. I'm not listening to this presentation at all. But she told me I don't have to listen
The Copyblogger “Secret ” to Creating Better Content
Happy new year! May your 2012 be filled with peace, love, friends, and art
The vid has 2 B a year old but he sounds SO EFFING GOOD! Glad we got permission! ;D
A green apple gelati would be TERRIFIC!
TAKE 50% OFF today!!! USE code CLE50 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Don't ever lie to my face!
Be sure to like us at Facebook/partyslayerz!! The more likes we get the more free music you get!! #ourtracksgetyoulaid!!!
Never a dull moment in life. The past five days have proven that to me again.
Didn't TT make the same sold out/total attendance/won't equal one sold-out night at the Koch remark in his Cosi review?
Why do u have so many people who do t like u the people who dnt like me it's not cuz I've dne something to them it's cuz I haven't dne 4them
Im allergic to retail...ugh. My allergies HATE it!
what are the hairstyle you expect to see most on the red carpet this year?
You make me smile w/ my heart.
How are the rations on the Puma Bus holding up?? When does the party start??
We do not remember days; we remember moments. ~Cesare Pavese
I’m not gonna regret you, because at one point in time you were everything I ever wanted and more... D:
Are we ready for some Power football? Power vs Tampa Bay tonight! Lets make it 5 W's in a row!!!! LETS GO POWER!
I can sleep when I'm gone
Big Sean is so short
say hi to your FLORIDA mahomies ;)
Do any of your customers use your product as an extranet?
RT “: Ppl who ain't never busted a grape in fruit fight b the social network or phone thugs lol”
a lot to do today and a lot i dont feel like doing.
Camille better move around....Divina my boo anyways.
And I have interaction with Jason, aahhh!!
This. RT : There's no way the #Brewers can survive with Cesar Izturis as the everyday SS.
I guess the stanford groundskeeper was too busy tending to a different field of "grass".
Where can I find a good dish of pompano in Los Angeles?
I hate texiera
Hey follow me back
Im done!!! y still bring it up! I aint eevn trippin
Andre Miller = CLUTCH
Changing the conversation, I like your style.
Eek. The manager AND other graphic designer are out sick today. Today will be fun. O.o
hilary please follow me :)
follow back? :D
Bring it on, rain. So ready for a chill, yet productive weekend. Perfect timing.
Just ordered a fatty pizza with cheesy bites 😏 eh why not.
that's Swedish for TerriBle
Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to : 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
maybe it is time to upgrade to
Thx--a learning experience getting InC to jibe with our convoluted workflow and overworked IT dept. Your Lynda vids are a help!
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
Hey Mr. Allen, you fired up for Game 2 or What?!!! Lets do this!!
Congratulations to our dance team, The 2 Kold Krew, for an excellent performance at last night's Pacer's game! They rocked the house!
get better. <3
Ohmygod we're still talking about guaranteed appointments?
my soul is in fire right now ....
When u cant provide 4 your children during the holidays its painful. Thnx 4 making holiday magical 4 the kids: formerly homeless HHC teacher
Can't see the msgs on FB from my phone right now.
I do no such thing ! You women have a habit of pushing me around of hitting me ! Don't let that shut slide
Its crazy my 60 year old lifelong Lions fan father has something to be excited about. Thank you! Keep it up!
playing on my tablet y r u mad doll?
I joined your Mafia. Eh. Yo. Let's bust some heads.
Hey, Worship Leaders, what is your number 1 challenge relationally in working with tech teams?
took the FW crew to Idyllwild Inn courtesy of the family. such a beautiful place. this summer you gotta go
test during glee?!!!
omgg kevin. ASDFGHJKL hi. yeah i need help.
no doubt.
Can't wait to watch After The Rose #bachelor drama!!!
Louis' swag is swag. is your swag swag? o.O
Yeah we play Iona Prep tn
Justin is OFFICIALLY 18! Happy birthday dude!
I talk a lot of shit about urban outfitters, but I have to day, they have some pretty sweet shit right now
hehehe well have fun at the mall! Tweet me sometime :)
lmaoo it's the best line to drop in a random moment :P
RT : great chat tonight!! As always, so productive and eye-opening! Cant wait for next week!
The son and I are headed to San Antonio Taco for a bite of lunch!
I'm like so bored right now
The single life is cool and all, but at the end if the day, I wanna settle down with the one girl that I could say I couldn't ask for better
This is incredible and true. Pedagogy is definitely a super-important design skill. (Maybe that's why I love it??)
Like tha New icon :D
I saw that before I got distracted with something else. Pretty sweet.
#Colts roster now looks CLEARLY inferior to #Texans. Could this finally be the year Houston jumps them? I think so.
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female? It is rarer.
Will Pres Obama Supporting Same Sex Marriage "Unify" the GOP Party behind Mitt Romney this Nov?
what's going on? everything ok?
hey sorry for the late response but we would love to work with you! Have you tried bartab yet?
Loving WXYZ-TV Channel 7 's Detroit 2020! Way to focus on the positive and showcase sucessful Detroit companies!
Still 1.5 million users of rotary dial phones - interesting : )
Hilary Swank -- Boys Don't Cry, But Girls File Lawsuits: Hilary Swank is ready to touch gloves and come out fightin' -- she's filed a...
Uh, 'ritas, obviously.
I like a little bit of everything. This morning I'm listening to Humble Pie LIve at the Filmore. Last night was Tracy Chapman
Ok it's a official everyone thinks I'm a horrible person :(
You know what I'm sayin'?! We got Artest for game 7, so hopefully they'll do damage! Let's hope Gasol&Bynum step it up, too.
Great State of #DIA event with the today--we are so lucky to have such an awesome airport and airport manager!
Everyone seems to notice 's username change. Why would you really care it's her twitter not yours...
The Buffalo Bandits are up 6-2 on the Toronto Rock at the end of the first half. We're not mad about this.
I wonder how long this will last?
it's a plan.
I will! Not sure if I'll talk to him in time but I'll try!
I like how in Arianna Huffington's profile, she describes herself as a "sleep evangelist." :) Amen, sister!
I only have two REAL friends and their names are Joseph and cassie, i love them.
4/20, cute guys, friends, party. what gets better?
Hit enter too soon :) There is not data available for your personal profile - there is data available for your Facebook Page.
Dog Tick Remedy: Place a drop of pure Lavender oil on the spot where the tick was attached to your dog to help prevent disease and infection
They fall victim to my system, guess I sure know how to pick em'
Excellent, we'll be there ready to pat some cats! And maybe learn something.... :-P
We all hate when a workout gets boring. What do you do to spice up your routine?
I saw a girls softball team that could've been designed by fluorecent yellow/green uniforms with bright magenta socks
Im not an #Athletics hater but the #Tigers have a better track record in recent years compared to Oakland Lets talk in October
Yep. Me and coffee are BFFs again.
Life is like an ever-shifting kaleidoscope - a slight change, and all patterns alter. -Sharon Salzberg
Call Communtiy Mortgage to get Pre-Approved today ! We make it easy ! 877-829-7161
Damien Hirst: Painting is so poetic,while sculpture is more logical and scientific and makes you worry about gravity :www.itsartnotstuff.com
Thank you
Rock and roll!!
I am happy that my #NewYorkKnicks won but I am by no means impressed or feeling hopeful.
Don't forget about the #Shorty Awards! It's not too late to vote for as a #Social Fitness winner!
New features we're adding to the website: an upcoming events calendar, as well as a venue index. Anybody have any other requests?
The next nigga will degrade you but me ill upgrade you
She's not even from America tho
In 1987, 37 American sailors were killed when an Iraqi warplane attacked the U.S. Navy frigate Stark in the Persian Gulf.
IM IN THE SCHOOL'S NEWSPAPER!! ME & picture..IM SO PROUD!!! ENDING MY COLLEGE CAREER WITH A BANG!! Thank you again Mrs.Pearson!
Great CIO + middle manager lunch with Key issues tackled: COMMUNICATION + COLLABORATION. Yes course we have action items.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 2) When someone holds open the door for u, but guys jump in front of u & walk ahead
I can't escape my thoughts. I wish I was like everyone else and didn't worry about this. I'd rather be a heart breaker than a broken heart.
Been Watching "Snapped" for the last couple of hours lol but I love these documentaries:)
I think we can all agree that mother nature knows how to rage the hardest
yea. Lol its short now
Best advice my wife & I got when our twins boys were diagnosed w/ #autism: Take it one day at a time.
One could say the same, Ms. Luan? *brows furrowing* How is the enervating dietary regiment progressing?
I have other things to do instead of arguing with you.
Seriously Michigan WTF
My puppy dog broke his leg tonight chasin a fish!
We will be releasing Ohio's March unemployment rate tomorrow morning at 8:00 am-
. 1) this hour has FLOWN by, thanks to for the opportunity & you for being an awesome host
Where are the fireworks in #cville coming from? #tomtom?
lol of you a thug bol I should be scare of you haha
too cool
I also put the flier on your facebook page!
“: Manning took the worst team for the most money. Stunner.”. How far did the #Titans go in playoffs last year?
We could start a club. Though I had one a decade+ ago.
RT : Every time you get a dog from a breeder, a shelter dog dies.
Kingsboro had been slated for closure, but the Cuomo Admin has reportedly taken it out of the budget after threats were made
Honk if you love tacos!
will u tweet pix if u do?
My God is awesome ....I feel great... Thank You....
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Cleveland Park for a great pastry!
They were yummy!
RT thanks so much! Tell all of your friends about us : you guys are amazing
You said that last time. Quit putting it off.
going to grandma's house and taking her to the church because today the relics of the pope are coming to our town and I think it is great.
*looking around* |cricketts| *exit stage left*
No problem
Raising Champions Dinner - at Multnomah Athletic Club in Portland. Martell Webster meet and greet. Silent auction items. 503-418-4166
right idea, wrong lady.
HOORAY! I had no idea! Oh I'm so excited!
Anyone know whats going in with brodius clay?
SOPA PIPA RT For all those who might have thought that their voice didn’t count in their government, I hope you now know it does
lol and how are you?
I think we definitely need to score one of these.
*gives My Nike jacket*
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
With congress, every time they make a joke its a law, an everytime they make a law its a joke.
lol srry I ment to send it to another name
Up now Secrets from Social Curation Pros you can ask , , and using
my question is, WHY IS THAT GOD FORBIDDEN SHOW STILL ON TELEVISION?!?!?!?!
#HabitatMiamiWomenBuild is unique because we have developed a mentorship program in support of single female parent household.
" Where there is no vision, the people perish. " #quote Proverbs 29:18
His non culture stuff is... bizarre. Dead Air is fairly good but The Wasp Factory is an insight into a scary mind.
#awkwardmoment when I still rock those....
Today in the georetown newsgraphic they are giving away a tv. Brusters is a participant and has a coupon in there too!!
I dont need no body but my got dam self
ALL RIDERS HAVE IT WORSE!!!!!
He'd catch a glimpse of that ghost every once in a while — takin' her meals; bathing... A fine lady.
Callbacks are done, now I wait . . .
Saw part 1 is a classic.
I'm long overdue for one of those save the "African king for $250 grand" emails.
"The guns are drawn and I ain't talking bout a sketch. Prepared for the worst but still praying for the best."
Hey, have you ever watched 'Bob's Burgers'? I feel like you'd really enjoy it.
Looking forward to sales conference in NYC this weekend, but sad to miss in B'more!
Taco bell
patience pushed to limit with #double #dog sitting #duty today. Then watched #Marley & Me - and remembered again how amazing all dogs are.
caved is the most accurate word to use.
Provide a caring older adult tutor for every student who is behind in reading.
The #Cardinals Furcal tries to stretch a single into a double. But Brauny had none of that -- threw him out at 2.
omg I totally forgot I promise it will be up on Friday or Saturday
Hey thanks!!!
ha ha you know I'm doing be same ma! Lol just wanted to check in with ya
congrats Riverside is a great place to live
Herman Cain, you quoted Pokemon when suspending your campaign, your argument is invalid
Im about to workout too :D
thank you but don't worry about it it's probably too late for me to get there now.. have a good time at the concert
Twitter is now blocked at my work
hey I'm pretty sure were almost black ....
Blue....it's peaceful like the ocean.
Awww that made me smile:).RT : I've been listening to Marvin Gaye since I was little with my dad and I still love him.
Thanks! I think I'm actually going to get a Sustaining Membership.
What was the context?
Oh man I love all my iBloom ladies!! I can't wait till our event in June!!
#Trivia Tuesday warm up #videogame edition Dhaslim is a character in which #Nintendo game?
Well they kind of did. Not 100% sure what happened. Still love the show and ending.
I love trying to find shit to do when I have no classes till 3. I get paid tomorrow or wed. Let's burn on my break
How many reporters does it take to...OMG!!! SOMETHING SHINY!!!
*digs bikini out my ass*
Beyond excited for our Sunday jam reunion this weekend!
Our Thoughts dictate our Action which delivers our Results! Are you getting the Results you want?
It's a beautiful day so far for some outdoor sessions! First one starts shortly!
Thanks for watching!
I should punch you. -.-
RT : #wearing navy/ecru wrap dress (confident) putty Anns (babygirl pedicure), mom-mom's monogram pin, wedding...
I write historical fiction and your comment is very interesting. Please explain.
Listening to One Direction because fuck you, that's why.
Just curious- what's your opinion (if you have one) on SASS?
White is as over as french manicures ~ my Mother actually wore a minky brown on her wedding day. #itWASthe70's
And where the hell are you from?
Only 13 more days left of this bullshit.
Late to class for a $5 #footlong! Totally worth it
I want this week to be over right now
Why not stretch your fashion budget and make it work harder for you when you shop online today?
Hmm, no good movies are out this weekend. I guess I'll make it a Netflix weekend.
what about some pittsburgh vibes?
Twitterfon may very well be the worst app ever. Easier to just use Safari and gestures to navigate.
Message received. How'd I know it would be you?
30 Days Until The Fourth Fisherman Release on March 13. Pre-order today-anywhere books are sold.
3 hours at the gym running, #boxing, #abbench! #pushups!
I can't wait to read the new book! Let us know when it's available.
Practice always makes perfect
The Spurs are real, I'm not gonna front
Visual Literacy: Thinking Words with Pictures!: Introducing photos of Afghan, Pak, india and writing LA school for more
Who would that be? Hope they put a yellow band-aid on it!!
Sea-Tac hit 80 degrees a month and a half earlier than last year. Didn't happen until July 2!
it was Emma Stevenson... She got expelled from school because of it. The band teacher had a talk with us xD
I would have done the bail cheaper.
Duioffensehelp.com helps in criminal lawsuits who are driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol
Everyone go find Madeline Browne on Facebook and tell her happy birthday
great point: CC0 as best way for GLAMs to license open metadata-just choose what you include in that.
Let's move together!!! :) Where is ur studio??
Why you say you dont wanna be with me but gets so jealous when anotha female involved..hmm
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes on 2nd rounds for: V.F. & C.S. today!
Word not THAT one too?!
how do i get some of u guys clothing?
I just fixed my garage door now i feel like when cavemen discovered fire! I am the mighty! I makes garage go up! uGh!
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less
Somebody tell me WTF is going on :(
To learn to code,or not to learn to code,that is the question:whether tis Nobler in the mind to suffer;the IF's & DO's of outrageous Fortran
wish I could be w my best friend:(.
There are some good bands, but aside from Pulp, I can't imagine needing to drive to the desert to see any of them.
I love Mario and donkey Kong!!!!
MAN MAN DONT TELL NOBODY PLZ KEEP IT BETWEEN ME AND U
what happened !!?
I'm just ready to get this day over with.....
Under the se-BITCH
Thank you for allowing my panties to invade International Chick Lit Month! XOXO
Prayers to all involved in the tragic situation in Oakland
lmao...that's not me in my avi..
I gotta wear glasses all the time now -_-
To my twitter followers just want to thank all of you I appreciate your friendship, rocking L.A. this weekend alot of work but I love acting
Omg, how did I get all this nasty stuff on my tweet thingy. So, many nasty stuff being posted my mind its like, "poulltion to the brain!"
question from Julie Ha Tran; how do nationalities influence digital avatars, etc? arg; digital media doesn't always defeat national ids
End of the 3rd - Wolves 86 - #Spurs 71 - Getting out-rebounded - Coach Pop ejected; I hope we can recover. #GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com
Here Pam and I are at the ancient Roman aquaduct in Caesarea Israel on the Med. Sea.
Yes! tho I was spoiled moving to Philly when TG our local treasure, not yet nati'l & Fresh Air on for 2 hrs/day.
IT'S A BUSY WEEK IN FASHION - MB Fashion Week starts 9/8 & Fashion's Night Out - 9/8!! #FNO #MBFW www.mbfashionweek.com for all the latest
I'm assuming you are wanting prayers for them not to finish last in the division or to go .500
I said if they were all like him we would be fine now tell me his reason.Is it same as Liebermans?
Blow torch to a boysenberry & carmelized it in my glass...
How are you keeping your classes?
not yet. i think hes on websode three or four in the state chips
Character is how you treat someone who can do nothing for you.
people do what they do because its who they are so dont judge them.
trip back with one of my friends to backpack/go to tomorrowland.
The Parent Strapless
Did you know that the IRS cannot make a tax assessment against you without your consent whether it be express or by default.
Office space to rent, want to be close to Old Town? Suite office space, Hub Zone, close to I40 start $299 send me a DM
#FF & because they'll make a great addition to your team.
(Henry David Thoreau) The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
I get if Phillies fans are angry at Harper, but real people are, too?
Looking forward to our visit with on Monday!
Right!? Is pretty clever. :) watching right now actually. :-) Hope all is well. Miss you guys!!
RT : Changing Baltimore from "The Wire" to wireless-- yes!
Let me know if you have a hoops poster in the works!
on my way to scalp your hill now..
thx for the add
Jon Shwardon stacks up a double double snatching 16 rebounds and putting in 10 points for
Music is meant to be played at high volumes.
Don't use warnings as a design solution
I wouldn't be mad at that though. He been killin' it all season.
Hey there! I so rarely check my Twitter acct since it's set up w/FB and another. THanks for the kudos! ;-)
XD Be my guest!
RT "I want to rip off your logic and make passionate sense to you." - Jeffrey McDaniel
Its Apart Of Training Lol
Hi! Great posts...are you managing to get 7 to 9 servings of fruit and veggies a day?
Trying to figure out tweet deck.....help
You interested in a screener of The Los Angeles Ripper?
Cultural Diversity training is not telling people they have to appreciate difference. It is showing people where they already do.
Anyone wanna pick me up in Chicago so I don't have to wait around for my next train? :)
They say I'll be okay, But I'm not going to ever get over you
k metal mouth ;)
on my way to get
: ": When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone ." ??????????
In bed at 9:30pm watching #thenewgirl and eating mochi balls... Sometimes colds can be fun!
ShoutOut to and for getting to the party when it's over lol....
Yes, correct pronunciation :)
Thank U so very much everyone for all of the beautiful #ff's yesterday! I never gotten that many before! #FeelinLoved sending out smiles
Former Deputy Mayor of New York, Bill Lynch has begun his fitness journey with MindFirstFitness...
RT Tweet us w/ yr pick ("Jar of Hearts", "Arms" or "A Thousand Years"), #BingLounge, & to have dedicate it to u!
Foles is intercepted by Henderson...ball stayed up in the wind just long enough for Henderson to make a play on it....
thanks for all the RTs! Greatly appreciated
We need to figure out a weekend for me to come out by you. Pronto.
Heading to the desert to film some awesomeness with awesome people. Be jealous! Also I wanted to write dessert instead of desert..
okay(: If im not going to the football game. Why has your week been horrible?
my fish better not die
School extra boring today
second, so it's totally old hat. :) thanks!
With home made date nut bread for dessert. They better appreciate this $50 meal :))
listening to #HBCU Presidents talk about the role of HBCUs in the national college completion agenda.
I should be sleep right now
Welcome to our friends from #Greece! So happy to have you part of the family!
Happy Mothers Day Beautiful People #ILoveAllYall - XavierLT. com
“: sheesh Jr smith's dunk baseline had to beone of the toughest moves i seen all yr” 1 of the best in game dunks ever ever seen!
You're very welcome!
they were like starring and laughing at me cuz I was crying. Haha
“: #MetsAreBetterThan 11 other National League teams and 22 Major League teams” and the bulls are better than the sixers.....
I miss whenIi was little, and didnt care about my weight, clothes, or hair, I just did what made me happy.
