Me too
I hate finals only because you if you finish early, half my teachers won't let me listen to my iPod. :(
#ListOfTurnOns dimples,smile,abs,teeth,great personality, and education,
I agree!! RT : Smh don't apologize to that hater
thanks for the follow:-)
Schwarzenegger and Stallone are asked to be in a movie about composers. Stallone said he wants to be Mozart. Arnie says "I'll be Bach"
Thanks for the follow!
is the best person ever!!!
Never felt sorry for but definitely was sorry that she had to go through it--as I do for anyone fighting cancer.
: Employers don't need cdt checks on employees. However, Internal Controls should be taken seriously. Sep/duties, etc.
I hope you went to church
Merry Christmas To You Too!! (:
Sarcasm: the ability to insult idiots , without them realizing it.
#AskJakeThrupp surfing or swimming? :)
But LTE? I have literally never though, man, wish I had 3G on my current iPad as there is always wifi where I want to use it.
Lets get that no good weirdo fruitcake woman killer!!! and get him back to the USA to face justice!!!!! for Natalee!!!!!!
Wish from a #librarian at an archives conference: MCLC (More Content, Less Context).
New York Times Launches Social Media Ad Program
Should be on the golf course. Not at work!! 😖
titular men? How did Bawney Fwank come into this conversation?
#lessexcitingbandnames Bad Meets Eva
Loved ABQ native #ActuallyNPH on the Tonys. Brilliant performance and inspiring comments on the value and importance of live theatre!
Oh my god, we need to trend it.
Why, oh why does it feel like late July?
Got more surprises for all my wonderful fans... Stay tuned this week for exciting updates and mail outs!
Maria Menounos powered through two broken ribs and a fractured foot while performing on “#DancingWithTheStars”. Who has your vote?
I'll k km in j ink you'd ok lobbyists n .
Maggie Smith gets better every episode. Also I may or may not have gotten 4.5 hours asleep because of love affair with Downton
#kindle daily deal today for Bio of a Space Tyrant series. Vol 1 is #free! The other 5 are only $.99. A classic #scifi epic.
I went to eppies for lunch today and it was like a pregnant ladies convention in there. What was going on about 6 months ago in Cville?
I just saw an old man wearing the 8 ball jacket and a leather baseball cap to match. Awesome
Just voted in the DC Primary...I was voter #61 and the 1st Republican
looks like the conversation kept going. Omar I'd appreciate it if you could unblock so we can communicate
I see u're following ppl(: Why not me? :o
I know you have been hurt, I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
Congrats to the Flyers!
Coolin in class ready to go home
Your right Tony!! “: Gotta love Anthony Bennedetto.”
Sitting here with my lady listening to her play guitar and trying to figure out why youtube's server is down..
Hey we're glad to hear it! Feel free to let us know if you ever have a question or a suggestion.
The Marlins build a 56 zillion dollar stadium and the fans chant, "let's go heat" after game. Good luck Ozzie Guillen.
*evil laugh 😏
Agree RT : Please stop using the words "Game Changer" after every tech/social announcement please. That is all. Thank you.
made the mistake of following Major timeline hijacker! Too much of a good thing!
LMFAO my school got a twitter....they have like 400 tweets but only 12 followers. LOLOLOLOL
Have fun! #payback RT Heading to the #Bulls game tonight. Payback time for the
Saw & vertone at wing Daddy's :)
- man I can't believe Sapp would start that nonsense. Smh
Great concept RT : Fail faster than competitors = learning faster
RT : #cool!.... Easter was great! Hoe yoyrs was... good morning Deana! I'm gonna put Ace on my "followers" you ...
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate bein smart but when half the bitches out here who are havin fun right now are workin @ Micky D's ill be making 2 mil
I need my headphones, omg.
If you have the chance, go see Ryoji Ikeda: The Transfinite at the Park Ave Armory. It is fantastic.
TweetDeck for Chrome now Twitter-branded. Looks nice.
Expect Anything From Anyone; The Devil Was Once An Angel.
*singing* Tee E Bo! Tebow!!!
I hate to say this but Randle is another good pick fuckng Giants and Marc Ross
love you kels!
feelin lonely earlier so called a fuckcub to fuck, cuddle, andspend the night. he's asleep and I'm horny again. What to do, what to do...
My brain hurts... Alcohol will make it better
Friendship: A series of nick names, inside jokes and drama... U gotta love it!!xD
You've got 2 more hours to sign-up for tomorrow's beach volleyball tournament! Sign-up at the Info Desk!
Kool-Aid voice "Oh Yeah" RT : So the Bills are the "Dream Team" now, right?
Wait....just saw this. Sugar free? Completely? Mama I'm scared. What's happening in this world?? (But actually congrats!)
Someone come pour coffee into me until I can move again. Ahem...
unprivated it, thanks man
have a wonderful day!
today must be my lucky twitter day 333 followers there must be some significance all those 3's
I want to be on the beach right now
rt: Party is on in DC in a big way....
im not being a strsnger baby just been real busy lately you have always been in my mind
Is SOPA a first amendment issue? Seems like it might be.. Should newspapers join the blackout?
Got to say: The Nation is indispensable to me. Gotta have it! Such thoughtful, interesting, cogent writing. #
You don't know my grief
Nope, we don't have a sink disposal.
Homemade rice crispy treats<3
Why you no follow me?!
U JUST saw this tweet--sorry!Downloaded and look forward to listening. Sorry I didn't know twas there til now! xo
wait Talib... Get proof first LBVS
You guys did it up right! RT : Record Store Day is over
I know you totally wanna practice and work out on the off day big guy. We're here all day to do your laundry, don't worry!
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm sore but looking better and want more of it! What gets your butt off the couch?
Did the heat win?
Guy on the bus reading a Kindle AND an iPhone while listening to headphones.
And these birds won't shut up outside my window
": Foooodddddddd" - ima devour this chicken wing in ya honor :)
no neck monsters..
“: Someone's has a little lesbo crush on lawlz your obsessed and a hoe.” AMEN. This is why we're best friends.
Happy Valentine's Day! Did you know that pink roses represent everlasting love?
Now I pay the price at work 😔
Congrats on your WFR!
Glad I stopped by to support Tx Titans 16u cause they're leading Baltimore Elite 16u. 71-53 with 3min left.
Hey guys! Checkout goodexposure.org ! And learn more about Suprah Navahs up coming music video!
Thank for the follow hun!
no fun in that! I'm sure that's what you're used to. Your name is kind of inviting it.
“: I was the first view! Also is it too soon to declare #teambuffy ?” what do u think ?
I miss my bestie!!!
"The crisis of public higher ed has its roots in the contempt for scholarship you condone." Exactly, cc
#SpotTheShuttle #Discovery and Washington Monument are all trending worldwide. The power of D.C. nerddom is not to be underestimated.
Is anyone going to grow their own vegetable/herb garden this year? We usually grow herbs, but we will be growing veggies this year!
But who really knows, 2010 got beat by a smaller WVU team with a fat point guard. Wall and Bledsoe should have been able to drive.
wish the site can have open, moderated, accessible comments. They're the best part of 's site.
you own my heart he's only renting... i love that
Male Health: many men with prostate cancer are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Lycopene, Vitamin E and Soya
Congrats to #Bills on making things happen! My Question: #10 pick now- WR, OT, CB all make sense, or should they take another pass rusher?
Born to win.
Yeah, bring it!
It doesn't fit with their narrative of preset ideas. It is sad
- you are very welcome!
You looking fa a dude, girl i aint yo guy....
Hello! Do I know u? Just wondering.
We at Indigo Tree Publishing wish to extend a HAPPY THANKSGIVING to all our friends - editors, designers, artists, retailers & book buyers.
I'll bet you are... Damn...lol
tis a bummer indeed. did you watch him on the Colbert Report a few months back? it was quite humorous,
Pirates of the Caribbean. If you know of any movie that could be more epic, (which I doubt) tweet it to me. But nothing is better then POTC
"Guess You Don't Remember/All The _____ You _____In My Whip/"---That just got real serious!!!
As the 3rd is set to start. The marauders seek a fresh start with ty Kovach in net
2cd drive for first team offense wide right missed fg
1 more for Everton and I get 30 pts IKTS ;-) Newcastle....well, at least we finished above Chelsea and Liverpool ;-D!
Celebrating my first week with a cocktail
I'm so excited for may 1st salt lake hopefully be able to get v.i.p passes love you guys:)
TAKE CARE OF YOUR BODY like the temple that it is!!!
Got my beta invite to the new Evernote, Pinterest: Say farewell. It's all over.
Things I learned on Twitter today: Dick Vitale likes the banner; the cobra's still tweeting; KC gets Google's ultra fast broadband.
Thanks for helping sponsor the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend & hope your training June 7-9 is a great success!
Afternoon Twitter! Looks like you have been way busier than myself muah ha ha!
Clock out, untuck my shirt, heading to the rally
church is letting out
The term "USDA-inspected" isn't worth the server it was tweeted on. It's like saying that laws are "government-approved"
are #energizers Presbyterian? They excite my #sarcasticandsnarky tendencies.
Ahh #HelloMonday how I despise you at least we have nice weather
lol had too
to be able to sing is truly a beautiful gift.
Awesome Grinch
Hope everyone has an amazing 2012!!!! Its going to hard to top how perfect 2011 was, but I'm sure going to give it a try!!! =)
Great hanging with you at the Green Mill, thanks for coming out!
Trying to figure out plans for nye
hahaha that was too funny
Thanks Andrea, Got some great things happening this week, including the launch of MarketingBum.tv with audio & video podcasts
This is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night.
People try to change thier environment & friends but sometimes it just boils down to them!!!
Great to hear! RT : HRP in Florida has moved! Visit us at 1817 Cypress Brook Drive, Suite 102 in New Port Richey, FL
Inspired to Inspire!
I've tweeted 5x re:sheriff's lab witness who perjured himself & suddenly left the dept. Dumanis refuses to inform bar. HUge!
Thankful that things are in their way up! Even when it's the darkest, God shines a light that lets me know I'm not forgotten!
I'm always in Dallas. I'm going back end of the month. I'm headed to Cali the upcoming week. You got to show me around
I could never leave you all without asking, duh!
really, when was the last year U saw a Colt team make this many penalties? Very undisciplined!! They need a coaching change!!!
Man... Why is it that the Hoosiers just cannot win a road game? Smh.
Ralph??! Omg lucky!
REALLY?!? Hmm I should work there 😉lol
Whitney will truely be missed. I can't believe its her funeral today :'(
#TeamFollowBack I am now following <<< follow
I like my horse being in the 3 slot. Take Charge Indy has speed and Borel loves being on the inside.
PG () saying Harrison will play and will start
Love the website and Facebook page!
True, the Swoosh just gets me sprung
Watching one of my all time great movie.( Gladiator )
Omg ! Cousins truck got stolen in st.Louis this morning ...gotta work black Friday in about 4 hours !
": But my car won't start"damn dat sucks
omg that was my life up until 2 weeks ago!!! It was horrible.
#ISConf No innovation will thrive in risk averse nonprofits that don't allow failure speakers talking about their failures
If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been. ~ Robert Brault
NJ Att. Gen announced today that 27 men and one woman charged in NJSP child porn investigation. Some from South Jersey.
20 - 11 ... That's impressive! Congratulations! I hope you'll still be playing the rest of the games. :-)
My timeline has been blown up by and haha!(:
Just made 25 Dollars yay me
Everyone is jumping on the country bandwagon these days. Just saw Lionel Richie has a new country album coming out. Who's next?
In my mind I'm playing lawn darts with baby unicorns. Or something.
Shatner and hilarious together. Add Ham Rove and you'd have three hams.
Aww man that killjoy
electrical fire in Memorial Gym. Real shoot out workers worked in Memorial
Someone slashed my tire last night while I was at work o_O ai
tweets always make me smile :")
“: We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today in N.C. He threw the ball great and looked very comfortable out there.”
The MAC address changes though
Trynna win the lotto so I buy tickets in every state
okay and is you mad?
Almost nothing irritates or depresses me more than construction noise. Gotta come up with a plan to deal this summer.
What a great concert last night for #happyhour with
Kerri`s Write Something: Electronic cigarette holder car.
I never have anything clever to tweet!
oh yeah we have stuff to talk about
I think I have pastry cream in my hair. Again.
Your evening sounds incredible! Once in a lifetime opportunities! Question: Does the MUO apartment have access to a piano?
Strive for progress, not perfection.
: Step one to doin something... Do it urself
I never thought I'd see the day when the NFL network would discuss a Lady Gaga tweet.
Towel monster strikes Stanford!
Same table today, looking forward to taking all of your chips!!!
The #tweetmythesis I just posted was my dissertation thesis. Are people tweeting current projects too?
That appears...unnatural.
happy! happy!! happy!!! birthday! birthday!! birthday!!! sister i love u so much!! ooooweee mayne we gone have us some fun
thanks so much wish you could be here!!!
I stand corrected
hi britt
That article bugs me too. And I heart The Corrections & am bummed about #HBO's choice. Call me a lurid young man, I loved TB.
chelsea handler is such an old washed out ho. Eww that was meanQ
Lmao bring it
RT : Jobs starting to return largely because wages are trending downward. We accomplish little if we create jobs by lowering wages.
I seriously hate auditions.
lol Orton almost botched his little apron hop.
Great work by launching ! I love this!!!!
I hate that Bon Iver says his name wrong.
sorry beautiful but fuck LA lol, cant stand them cats, hope the thunder or San Antonio bust they ass, no hard feelings
Be sure to vote for only one candidate in the WI presidential primary tomorrow, not one from each party :)
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I was hoping to go out with your friend, but you'll do.
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Halloween Social last night! You made the event a great success - nearly 400 people came out!
I made choc mousse from avocados ...amazing
Grad school may sound like a safe choice but ABD isn't fun- don't attempt a PhD unless you r fully committed.
Ah… Or, I prefer saying "Shut Up." Ha Ha Ha
Need 2 tickets to #NYTM tomorrow. Anyone not able to go?
not because i don't like her but because i just can't deal
Are you going to the Yellow Phone Music Conference tomorrow?
What is it that you want that is missing?
did you delete my account
Coming back, we'd take turns entertaining, singing songs and the like
yeah but you got it. If you passed remediation the final shouldn't be that bad
Cutest guy on youtube ? Go follow him if you haven't ! You won't regret it<3
#Diabetes: Hemoglobin A1C test measures average blood sugar over a period, 2-3 months. The lower the result, its better.
250 for new glasses...a god... money no grow pon tree lol
Wondering how many people will tweet "Marry Me" at tomorrow.
Not really a miracle... Bad defense by #packers. RT : Wow. A miracle catch for the Giants. That never happens.
yes I did. I need to know what would be the next step
likewise! Nice work repping the Midwest :)
To CONGRESS: We do NOT NEED "GUN CONTROL"! We need legislators (state and federal) to update the laws in this country, so that criminals...
or the part about getting your MBA from Georgia Tech
Heading to Heinz Field today to protect our boys at the game
It's been two months and you said you'd help me be full. Why does it feel like I'm completely empty almost every day?
yeah u betta be joking u knew id pop u in ur little 14 year old mouth! :)
Drew And Brittany Brees Talk About Their Food Allergies And Raise Money for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
There's a thin line btwn psychology and self-help books nowadays
okay well then were both bitches. Yeah?
not me...that literally was a nailbiter!
Do you have a good drill to address thin contact/topping?
: Will go on as a mentor for The Glee Project?!
my shorts? Lol
it is after you enter all of your address info on the last checkout page, or on the main page if you use Google Checkout
#america , where salads are more expensive then hamburgers, & ebooks are more expensive then regular books.
awesome! Our waiter Johnee was so much fun!
RT : still partying. No sleep for real...with 4 real though!
Where are you seeing that????
So I think someone stole my garage beeper out of my car. Who does that? SMH.
Happy Birthday Have a wonderful day!
I feel like food distracts me more from studying then my phone does
Only made it to the first day of #ir12 due to work. About to get on the cruise and rely on tweets I've read to keep up with conversation.
Omg gonna meet the boys tomorrow at playlist!!!!!!! :D
If the tax payers win in wisconsin it is like gettysburg. More states will be empowered and energized to follow.
MT : Wonking out on #ACA at #nasi2012 conference. Ate lunch with LA Times columnist Michael Hiltzik.
Pawn Stars isn't a realistic portrayal of a pawn shop because the history of most things pawned stopped at the filed down serial numbers.
We did that for a while but found that short surveys didn't provide enough nuance. Will reformulate at some point.
whats on the agenda:State Treasurer Roundtable
Dammit! I feel like I'm getting a sore throat.
i love reading anything ms. fletcher writes. especially the ones on the blog!
Having gone for years, I have to admit that I now prefer to experience #SDCC vicariously through tweets & pics; less crowded, less smelly
Green smoothie and crepes for breakfast. I love Thursdays at #sdsu!
yeah aren't they just great
I love my sister, no matter what's happened with our family. 💗
who are they "eluding"? Those pesky proofreaders?
Looking up a band and going "Holy shit they're good! Why couldn't I have known them before?" that happened to me today with
Tirra Lirra Record Update: sample presses sound good. going to press after the holiday.
": “: Nigga please!” you can't say that word" he just did
The thinker dies, but his thoughts are beyond the reach of destruction. Men are mortal; but ideas are immortal. - Richard Adams
firstrowsports.tv or follow for HD links.
how was your trip to where ever you went???
this stupidity is getting redundant
Practicing in the lab working on a new demo! Happy Friday!
Subscribed calendars should show up as 'busy' on main calendar. If my cal says I'm in the air, I can't attend a meeting.
Off sum 1800
haven't been able to log in to the site with twitter for like a week now. issues?
Everytime I see Woody Harrelson on TV I have to say.. Zombieland!
It's Beer Fight Day! We got one ticket left! Who's the lucky beer geek gonna be?
Where are those pictures? I may have a hangover moment.
lol well then nobody RT'd that last tweet #burn where all of Bluey's fans at cmon now tweeps
hahahahha that sucks
hawkeye is cute too but thor is my kind of guy classy strong the hair
Single single single single for tonite
The children in the gallery are in awe of the artistic genius
I'm gonna be up all night
A solid F for that half. I expect much better in the 2nd half. Hopefully Gant doesn't want to go out like this, who knows about Ross/Tone...
very cool!!
The grass isn't always greener..
I'm ready.
MLB fires Shyam Das? I'd like to give that man a job, not to mention a laurel and hearty handshake.
OMG! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Your 18 so I can't date you anymore untill I turn 18;( Haha well I love you and have a FANTASTIC day<3
Feel old saying this..What has happened to our youth. These LP high students need to cover up a bit. A Ton.
The best way to avoid disappointment is to not expect anything from anyone.
watching Mob Wives. Ready for bed.
War of 1812 in Ohio -- information at www.warof1812.Ohio.gov
Some guys with a microphone like will just never get it. The O's tragedy has now affected a hero and his family.
Can't wait till the semester is over and I can start my amazing summer. I have a Bali yoga retreat planned for June!
great workout! NOW errands!
Happy Birthday to my homeboy Cedric "Heavy D" Patterson.
New beginnings never get old
hey ANNE!!!! wutz good???
Only now am I fully appreciating the luxury and necessity of a Quiet Place to Write.
Tweeting battle
Currently shorting the
RT Seaweed, spirulina salad, marinated raw veggies, apples, chocolate, and green juice.
Have to start looking at things the right way make good choices , succeed and get somewhere . I have goals and I'm pursuing them ....
and i went to my mom and said mom i need a hug i told her why and i said what if he quits and just idk mom i just need a hug!!
woo! Good luck! Just be your charming self and you'll be great! And then tell me how it goes!!
People tripping on shrooms almost make me want some. Almost.
; in that case u shud start accepting applications for a new man in ur life
Happy New Year East Coasters! Hope to see y'all soon in 2012.
What do you call a bee who's had a spell put on him ?He's bee-witched !
its time for you to get a new phone then :)
this is so true for relationship these days
yea more people need to do that, people are disgusting
Just heard giving a statement about the street car on 5 days after swearing in, she's already working for Arlington!
You are gorgeous af follow me?:)
A2: like anything else, you gain C-lev buy-in when show value against broader goals
Pink sugar is freaking expensive. -.-
I hadn't realized Kenny was on here!
Jack Sparrow?
I sure hope so! This winter has been especially brutal.
haha.. I love your enthusiasm!! My hint was to easy. Keep checking Facebook, twitter, & our website. Updates are coming soon!!
RT Excited to learn more about - clearly a leader at #2012GSNC & in the field!
Me too! :D
Kids go where there is excitement. They stay where there is love.
what song is that?
you are my spirit animal
Omar Infante now has more home runs (2) in three ABs, then the #Phillies have had in 3 + 2/3 games. I cant wait for Utley+ Howard to be back
Happy Wednesday, Columbus!
Please don't follow me if you are against partying, because you're just going to waste both of our time.
whats fan of the week ? lol
I hope I don't go to school tomorrow probably I won't plus I am really sick!!! And the teachers said I could go back when I feel better yey!
So far this has been an Alabama Shakes kind of morning. Don't be jealous.
#HACKED by
Done playing with the sorry team now time to go play with Ricardo's team
Don't worry. Those are old.
Senses Fail new song, "The Fire"...check it!
RSVP: Fun Little Movies
yeah kinna pissin in the wind and up hill when u do that.
Only possible response: "Oops."
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
Happy cinco de mayo drunken clothing swap...day!
"Maybe in 15 or 20 years we can actually be friends." ....lol uh no thanks Mr Connors don't hold your breath.
I like them all except Va Tech over FSU. Oregon State have a chance to upset Oregon?
Okay.. Cool with me.. Wait whats ur name so i can save it in my phone
Thanks so much! I have heard great things about that festival, too. Definitely going to submit to them!
Trying to put my baby to sleep.
Predators @ Coyotes Game 2 Thread - On The Forecheck (blog)
BREAKING: The Red Sox got Robert Andino out. Just a little bit late.
yup! It's on right now :)
does Denver kicking the tires on Manning mean they are not committed to Tebow???
Tx! We've posted regular messages on our intranet from the Japan team. In response, our employees wrldwide have been generous.
We would like to ask our followers to retweet those news stories & articles/reviews 2 others they think their followers would like 2 know
is here. real dude.
Okay, im about to get in the shower, Bbl.
APPARENTLY PAUL MCCARTNEY WAS ON 30 ROCK. WHY DID I MISS THIS.
Hope I don't throw up breakfast!
Every Monday Night, Happy Hour lasts til 10pm! $1 #Local Oysters, $3 Drafts and $4 Wines by the Glass. Be Bold!
via : It’s Teacher Appreciation Week - Take a second to #thankateacher and reflect on your favorite educators.
Just had a great afternoon chat with for her podcast series! We are both fans of &
Spending some time with a HTC Evo Design 4G (Sprint) as it has been a while since I really immersed myself in the Android user experience.
are you going to be at the ca vs riot tourney? This year?
Daylight Saving Time is March 11. Which means we lose an hour. Can't we just move it a 1/2 hr and leave it that way year round?
Explored the city of Ottawa tonight and really enjoyed it. Nice pubs! Made me realize how I miss to sit outside in a T-shirt at night.
Anyone have agood accident story? We would like to give away free auto services to those with the funniest story!
Nope :( I'm off today. Doing homework, cleaning and writing 'thank you' notes. Might actually have to cook real food.
FAB. Details please?
If I have to be confused with anyone, I am glad it's you. :)
Amy thanks for the follow
City bound. Gorgeous day. Brunch. Rehearsal. Gym. Happy Saturday!
Taking Back Sunday all the day long.
The wife is Serving as the federal legal consultant for Mitt Romney's visit today, and I'm at home watching Trollhunter.
End of the top of the 2nd, OLLU and TSU tied at 0.
i love how Pitbull dresses. he never wears jeans or anything. Hes always so nicely dressed.👌
Can't Stop! Won't Stop!
Green Bay Packer fan? Buy $100 ticket to the Greg Jennings Celebrity Golf Outing Extravaganza party June 11th www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Ah gross. Good luck! What'd you get the Mom?
I'm so happy! I was done at 4pm today! Yeah!
I'm working on it. That was my question
I should be home around 3:00 or so
On Location: London, in a Lofty View Michael D x2019;Souza fell in love with a fixer-upper in Mortlake, a district in southwest London ne
Staats was a captain of Albany's burghers guard from 1650s to the 1680s.
Misses you too
Last class
Green Bay 3 words
My neighbors dog is so annoying..Gosh just SHUT UP
Yup, my thinking, too. Straight shot down east side for other stops if I end up with extra time.
Washington Post profiles DC's new juvenile mental health diversion court, 1 of a dozen similar courts around the country...
Excited for the Building Block Calendar on 4/8. A lot of parents will be stealing this one from their kids!
My normal Friday start: High Intensity Interval Training at I can still feel it 16 hours later.
I was up with the sun again today, prepping for another day on the campaign trail. You won't outwork me in this race.
Welcome to Passport to Fashion, presented by , Your New Favorite Digital Glossy!
Fuck the police. I'll drink and drive all I want. Anyway, this 40oz Slurpee was only 99 cents..
I need to be drunk
"Sexting In Suburbia" might be the best Lifetime movie title, ever.
It's International Women's Day!
see, I just told her saved by the bell reruns make am gym sessions bearable. BUT THAT TOO.
#Texas fans follow Orangebloods.com for full coverage of the Under Armour All American Game & US Army All American Bowl
PAYDAY TOMORROW!!!!!YESSIR! :)
Glad we're on the same page. Safety first. Buzzed second. Feeling good the whole day.
make sure your ipod charged so we can record messing wit people
5 rookies in the lineup for the Sabres and they are sticking in there
Does cee loo have children's sized hands?
whichever gets me 50 bucks. Haha. I was never good on betting. I wanna win. Lol.
Present the #KAPPASPLASH Boat Party! Most Anticipated End Of The Year/Graduation Party of the Semester! Contact Any Nupe 4 Tickets
nigga please I gotta note & then I got another appt dis afternoon. Excused. !!!!
Though, I think I'm more surprised at the excitement b/c Diablo I has no PS3/360 version. People don't get this excited over PC-only games
I have a sinking feeling you already know...
How will we prevent cheating if we allow students to do work and take tests with pencils?
While watching James bond I've learned one thing...don't miss while shooting on a plane or u will be blown away.
sure you can can;)
My son does, he is a long distance runner.
Sitting in a blind waiting for the little piggies to walk up and start rootin up the hog-wild. It's gonna be awesome!
New phone
we are doing the National Walk @ lunch on April 25 looking forward to it too. Hope it will be warmer 2morrow.
Great start to the morning... My car doesn't start.
Giants have been outplaying the Pats in this game, I'm just glad we have the lead (and the ball) at the half.
Wait what?
Would you climb the Hollywood sign?
dad was on the way to the pet store and got distracted by the microsoft store ..sigh...
I think needs to know the uproar her cookies cause. She should start a bakery!
your day finally came
May have to think about moving Swish ahead of tex
damm kinfolk when u go let ya boy spin for one of ur events...i play err thing. Frm boogie shit to electronic music like trance etc.
Gay marriage is a sin in the bible? Let's also read the passage on shell fish being one as well.
Drinking an vibing wit tha team
Is it just me or is Facebook actually down? When has that happened before?
": Happy Mothers Day!! I hope you enjoy today and everyday after and I know you'll be<<<Thank you..I'm late.
... The caffeine is kicking in... time to get things done!!!!!!!!!!!
Who's that yonder laughing at me?
Some people would disagree
she meant that she beat her damn head against the concrete until she thought of the other status.
Join us Oct, 27-28! Learn about programs being developed across the country !
Pretty sure it says "I like men." RT : did the tattoo on Inge's arm say "i like Inge"?
I hate the morning after a migraine where you wake up and have to slowly find out, "Oh no...do I still have it? Please don't come back..."
What?!?!? We are all here together at once? Astounding! Let the festivities begin!
;) ill agree w that!
still there?
Tracy Morgan for president!
seeing #oomf portfolio >>> makes me wanna build muscle!
Excited for our chat TONITE from 8-10pm EST.This chat is for juniors in high school!4 more info, check american.edu/admissions
hahahaha that often becomes a problem. I love her music
ok I like it cuz my fav. Driver has it on his car
Forget school, going to American Fork with :)
Just as iron rusts from disuse, even so does inaction spoil the intellect. ~ Leonardo Da Vinci
Roxbury mall hustle
Next is a sprint tri in 2 wks RT : Welcome back!! The Twitterverse needs some Sutton pics! What's next on your race calendar?
um ok. i just got some weird info that i dont understand on wattpad. making me think about this. dont know if ill b able 2 sleep tonight.
I hate you Photoshop!!!!....But I need you at times :/
might be a better day to go to ... tho I have never been looks and sounds like a great idea!
Lmao its like a porn scene!
Jay Farrar & Benjamin Gibbard - California Zephyr - 05:34 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
follow me
El mariachi juvenil de bryant Webster...beautiful music to start first general session
I'm saying - our schedules haven't matched up yet, and by comparison, you live in (no offense) buttf*ck Egypt compared to me.
I want to Try Sum SO Badd now!! I want to Cum to Texas!!! =)
I love you.
The weekend is finally here! Anything goin on around LA?
Few isolated morning showers for counties along and south of I94. Otherwise, mostly cloudy. 64° inland, 56° lakeside.
Me too! Thats my sh!t ": #FactsAboutMe My fav cereal is Fruity Pebbles if there is 1 bowl left..my kids gotta fall back..lmao"
well its gonna b raining
hi! We r having a wine event in Houston in 2 weeks, would u like to come and let the community try your wine?
Loving London and the office! Orange is Global!
I would love to know- what role handles referrals at your organization? Is it front desk, back office, clinical support, physician, other?
I looked on her calendar and it doesn't say anything so I didn't do it anyways. haha
A day void of writing leaves me parched and ready to tackle the next with an unquenchable thirst for the story.
thx, at we analyze social media trends for brands, for ex: influencer communities are worth more than a TV ad!
is my idol.
Little man not feeling good. 101 temp.
Good info Tomm! Enjoy the show with you and JT. But hey, please tell him to quit being a Raider's homer:)
#consideritdone “: #hurting but well worth it. Encore next week?”
Agreed, except for the glaring lack of genitalia.
man hell no what the fuck
i know my mouth can be very disrespectful
damn sweet.
eidet mobarak hope you have a great year
oh, wonderful, that's great news. Thanks for letting us know.
I feel guilty for wanting to take math & physics courses simply because I'm interested in things like Fourier series. Expensive hobbies.
he did not get it! Don next time can you tell him to get extenze?
Now you're being dishonest about what other people chimed in with. Reread those tweets for the "Marxist" & "baby killer" talk.
Thought of the Day: Faith keeps us together:)
such an enlightened view that is!
The more I go to school, the more I never want to go to school again. #SENIORITIS #WhensGraduation?
#np Dear Prudence by The Beatles
Death by unkept file structure. Ug.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND HAVE A #GRAND TIME TODAY HOPE ALL UR WISHES COME TRUE
Wer my baby?
Show at mad frog in cincinnati tonight with ! We go on at 10pm!
Thanks, Jody! Jodyth and doing a great job doing a video 101 presentation
LMFAO!!! Who is it? You gotta tell me because that's got me rolling on the floor. Brutal Funny!!!
please do.
You haven't lived until you've had an adult beverage with and I ;) Too bad. I'd love to meet you in person.
THOSE WINGS WERE ON POINT LAST NIGHT!
miss you 2! x
yeah yeah. Say that after I call you out.
Check out connectedlearning.tv
Ace of the 1st line of the Mu Beta Chapter of ΣΑΙ Spr. 2K12 #1 Miss Repeat Sign
I was going to tweet you congrats for finishing school, but then I saw you got called off work today and now I'm jealous so yeah.
you too shaybutta! Not as cool as me but you're getting there
mobile learning...students use their mobile devices for social purposes instead of academics...this can be "corrected"
John Daniel, Commonwealth of Learning, to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.
When we talk, fireworks something like the 4th of July♬
#bankerslife is filled with crimson today!
Its not very attractive for a man to try and make a woman feel bad for WORKING. Actors need support and patience NOT selfishness.
In the concourse behind the bleachers.
Man, it might be the over-enthusiasm of dieting, but 's organic string cheese is the best string cheese I've ever eaten.
I love receiving calls and texts from my family members, theyre the best :)
Big Time Rush can dive off a cliff, jump from a plane, or go for a swim with sharks in the sea. :D
Sometimes bein the youngest is bullshit I swear sometimes I'm the oldest wth cone on now can I have a break unto me
damn is that the route we going? Because yanno....
We've got a lot to learn. God knows we're worth it.
Loving me some bachata right now ^_^
“: "I know I'm not the unluckiest person out here. I'll be back." IK Kim” Hard to watch, handles it like a pro. # cruelgameattimes
Just followed a bunch of people from the #ROC area. Don't let me down. Or else...
Is it bad if i cuss out my mother in public? B/c im getting to that point of annoyance.
Great new logo!
Have a question to ask & on the "Future of Digital Media" ADWKDC panel? Ask away!
Germ factory.
Ladies Night 5-8pm TONIGHT at Mad Mex South Hills. $20 admission for a margarita, appetizers, polish change, chair massage
Yea boy
oops shots fired.
Up early, listening to Rocko - Snakes
RT : August 22, 1950: Althea Gibson becomes 1st African-American on U.S. tennis tour.
Co-sign on that Met him while interning at WMG....very refreshing.
Discipline is a practiced skill. It is not something some are born with and others aren't. -Zach Marcy
Blake Griffin. Man down :(
So many great ways for actors to network and meet stellar industry people - The Actors Network rocks.
Rock Band Blitz looks really good. I like spinoff titles, and the songs can be exported to RB3. What's not to like?
Pinky & The Brain <3
Sorry I haven't been on forever! But not having a good day because some bitch called me fat and I'm pissed
Your work is meaningful. BUT If times are tough-don't lose heart. Your work is not who you are. Your work is only what you do.
Trooper RT : I Left My Running Shoes In Texas. So Ima Go Running In My High Ankle Supporting Real Thugg Like
": another 45min day of cardio done (and abs)! Let's do it!" Huge Kevin! Awesome start to the day!
Visit our website www.rocktagonmma.com for all the up to date news from anound the MMA world
Seems to always play the same character with same disposition
me to :) love you
RT : what did you order?
Thanks Aaron for thorough ass kicking/training session today. I am getting stronger with every pull-up I do - deadlifts Friday
So does your workshop just cover the basics or is it more advanced?
wolves in the throne room show last night was sick
Today is the last day to buy tickets for tailgate event! Stop by or call Leff's!
I know! I greatly appreciate it!!!
is that one of your thrift store cams from yesterday?
its about damn time i got you :)
the filmmaker created a very effective web video by getting the attention of millions. Proves the power of
Blick Art Supplies offering 25% off of everything + a free art supply table. Thanks Blick!
My prediction for the Superbowl: Pats 28 Giants 24
A two-month-old baby has died of pertussis in San Miguel County. NM's first whooping-cough death in since 2005: a fact that comforts no one.
comments are better
How bout that extra effort by Brandan Wright! Always in the right place at the right time!! Great job running the floor...
Go back and look at all the NBA tweets from like 12 minutes ago. Some really good stuff. Funny, too.
We're all day to day.
Today in Invention History: Mel Evanson receives design patent for a paperclip holder, 1990
#ArtFact - Left-handed painter, Michelangelo, painted his famous David and Goliath with David holding his sling in his left hand.
J'ai besoin d'un de vacances
Ecstatically celebrating successful first day of helping hospice workers in Florida learn to use Samsung tablets for medical record-keeping
Lol classic, ditching us
I do believe it does. We've been itching to see you guys and catch up
Gucci bike riding on Ya 'LL bitches
I fucking hate the west side avenues. They are so fucking long.
Molson is the oldest in all of North America but Yuengling is the oldest in the USA! Nice work everyone but was the winner!
but they asked my.fav tweet, and that was in my top favs haha
What is your favorite book on acting?
Justin Bieber looks like Paul Wesley (I watched a lot of Vampire Diaries today)
is so pumped for Monsters vs. Aliens tonight..in 3D!!! I will be the oldest one in the theater and I have no problem with that
they are adorable
Please check out my new website, and if you can, make a purchase. I need to verify if its working. I appriciate your help. Thank You.
I realized this when I was walking alone, if I ever got robbed/mugged I would go into complete psycho mode & totally damage whoever it was.
Thinks every Friday should be taiwanese surf rock night
Chilling watching the X Factor then going to work on some music. Hit me the fuckk up.
Yes. Good. It better be a bike... You tease.
RT more music in the house Biggie!
hey, , megan said you might be so kind to give me a shot out? Looking to expand my social network and pick up some new clients
Hey Mr. D!!! Great job today!
Happy Friday & thanks for the follows
to me its smart economics
In politics I am growing indifferent -- I would like it, if I could now return to my planting and books at home.
QUOTES: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." a__ Dr. Seuss
When do you know that blogging is no longer the ‘it’ thing? When your grandpa starts having one.
RT : Oh my head! The teens in my life are crazy! --> I understand!
Whoever invented core workouts needs to bring me an ice cream.
thank you baby xoxo
I wish I could sleep.
People Saying Swagg! This and Swagg that. Okay okay i get it but dont say it a million times everyday its annoying af. Smh. -____-
Radio spot 1 of 2 today: now, with our good friends at WNRN. Nonstop these past 48hrs and no respite until late tonight
Don't give up!!! Fight this thing out and keep Grinding the whole game. Memphis believes in you guys.
2-4-1 Tuesdays ARE BACK! Purchase 1 full price body custom airbrush spray tan on any Tues in Aug, and you will receive a second for free!
WOAH 60 DEGREES IN CHICAGO TODAY!!! Time to go fly a kite!
My tummy hurts :(
Anyone used Google TalkBin? Thoughts?
Lonnie Bunch: Museums are very special places for wonder, discovery, and transformation.
I think she turning 50 not sure I don't keep track
Flight is booked for
Happy mothers day! Don't forget about Mother Earth today she's yer mom too!
bad boy
What do you think of PERKS? For 10yrs it has been my least fave YA book.
idk, i just clicked on it again and it totally worked. and at least u had copycats...cats, heh.
Instead, fear the Lord and turn away from evil..
it's australia day! time to find a bbq and a beer
I didn't think so haha.
Thank you! Yours is also beautiful and heart-warming!
How about Anthony Davis
Oh Mariano. Torn ACL? Say it ain't so!
dear chicago weather, please be nice to us. love, me. :).
you guys goottt swag.
I just found out that putting a self portrait of yourself on LinkedIn is considered illegal and they will pull it! LOL. Just in case anyone…
ESPN is showing a dumb show to see whose on the cover of madden. Yet never show highlights on the biggest soccer club tournament ever.
Praying for sean kingston
Loungin around bout to sleep and dream.
Tonight's event...No Citizen Left Behind - being livestreamed now - check homepage of
he was a boy belieber that killed himself because of bullies ):
is scrappy and determined. if nothing else he has that going for him.
Dreamt I gave my #psuweb12 talk and completely bombed. Woke up and took notes. Felt weirdly better about it all.
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: Africa's development has leapfrogged traditional technologies, Africa is paving its own sequence
yeah, you killed it! -M
Your welcome! :)
true I haven't had them in a minute I got to grab some tomorrow lol
“You do not become a ‘dissident’ just because you decide one day to take up this most unusual career” ~ Vaclav Havel
Thanks for the follow !
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
This is a generalization. I'd be happy to intro you to some of my supportive Muslim friends. RT : Muslims don't support gay marriage.
Didn't get to speak to him long. He was looking for a room and then decided not to check in, I think. He was a road biker.
love love this one!
VEEP is crazy good.
I'm only 5hrs away. It's dangerous here too. Keep me in the loop. Thanks
RobReportBlog - Capital Region Holds its Breath | Armonk NY Homes
Hoping I actually get some sleep tonight...
Do we really like #singleladies or do we watch it because there's nothing else representing us?
do you have any suggestions on good SEO Wordpress plugins?
#edumooc3 as academic learning technologist I feel caught btwn wanting to recommend open tools vs. "should" use LMS
Ah, well, I'm sure I'll be back on track by May. Every week the PhD and Philippines are further behind me :D
In LA for two medtech events. OCTANE Med Device & Investor Forum, and AIMA BioMedTech, w Al Mann keynote on Creating MedDevice Enterprise.
Who is going to kidnap me from work tomorrow? I need to find an escape so I can go to the Chicago French Market!
keep Smiling it makes the world go round N3RD is the W0rd!!!
LIGHTNING ROUND! Better flex: Olson or Knox?
Canon announces Malaysian roadshow
When I have a boy I'll teach him how to respect and love his girl.
And we can help create a culture - imagine this - where our kids ask for healthy options instead of resisting them
+there must have only been 7 people that entered, no one else was even retweeted, she tells me the winner was drawn out of +
The links are up on www.watchnhllive.com come register and watch all of tonights games live online enjoy and thanks for joining!!!
WHY AM I ALWAYS OFFLINE WHEN AUSTIN IS ONLINE?
Me,Adam um... I don't know. LOL CX
Ai, Gitai (sigh) so much potential, now if we can just vacuum out all the #LookAtWhatCoolThings I can do with the camera.
being a bit of an info geek, it's a toss up. Altho i am inclined to say the latter is worse...
Haha - I can't wait to see that FA when it's finished & made available to the public.
I GOT TO GET THIS MONEY
Okay, who's spamming the #IndySM stream?
#NowPlaying "Seven Light Years" by RJD2
lol my 4th grade zed card >
PICS?... IM SO READY FOR A PAIR OF THEM, IM COPN THIS YEARS RETRO BUT THEY JUST NOT THE SAME ANY MORE...
well yeah, we have shit to do like....eat...and....play video games...and...uh....whack it. so HURRY THE FUCK UP
what's your schedule this week?
and i can tell just what you want, you don't want to be alone - you don't want to be aloooooneeee.
I'm rolling barefoot tonight. Tom's crocs are stale
you dirty little perv... ;D
Harry Potter deathly hallows part 2 nominated for 3 oscars.
Ron Paul is a religious nutter AND an establishment republican. You couldn't pay me to vote for him.
#nonprofits do you have a social media policy? Everything online can affect
follow back enjoy the day sir!!
10K tomorrow with We are going to rock it, yo!
actually doing my homework <
i wonder what All Time Low's view on this controversial term of them doing weed is? do they know the whole fan base is arguing about it?
my dreams are pretty much fulfilled
As a result, many institutions have looked to cheaper ways to increase their prestige
Our alumni dept. uses iModules. I'm not very familiar with it but it's worth a look.
Waited patiently for your tweet! Thrilled you are back!!
I thought I was taking part in the Occupy movement, but it turned out I was just standing in line for a new iPhone
so happy i have a low A in math! now i just need to keep getting A's on the exams and quizzes and i'll get to keep my 4.0!
FIRST INDIRECT TWEET FROM TANK
Dudes just can't wear caprice...
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
Until he pulls a Papelbon (or completely shits the bed as a starter) he should stay in the rotation
If I buy David Beckham's underwear for my husband, will it magically make him look like Beckham too!?!? No? Fuck it...
Our signup form was broken for a couple hours yesterday. If you tried to sign up and got an error, it's working now. Sorry about that!
too kind sir<3
I made a playlist of every song in my iTunes released between '71 and '78, the dates my dissertation covers—and awesome years for music.
your friend? Or you? Haha
Yes :) I definitely remember the short life of that smirnoff bottle. Such a fun day. We need a repeat soon!
I love how no matter where the #yinzers are at there's a #terribletowel in hand!
He got that Supah Bass 💗
<3 :) yesterday was so sick! glad you guys had a good time. did you make out set, kara?
Thanks Silvia- hope you are great.
I reiterate. Tim Collins' curveball. So awesome it should be trending on Twitter.
Anyone else think 2012 is going to be "The Year We Brought Comic Creators' Rights Issues to Light"?
`Raining!` :D
Thank you for 2 AMAZING Stageit shows tonight!! Glad we could party & raise money for St. Jude!! :)
Brain Floss: James Dean lost his two front teeth in a motorcycle accident & had to wear a bridge! Smile like a star with us!
December how I love you!
Another kindle in my kindle collection. This time kindle touch!))
Around a tenth of Africa's land mass is covered by mobile-internet services-a higher proportion than in india. via The Economist
Fears over wind turbine plans in Bronte country
"2 Times" is straight punch you in the face music.
Won game 2!!!!!! 35 minutes til the beginning of next game. Winner takes all....holy moly this is awesome
I'm already planning my revenge.
There's just something about a longterm out-of-town researcher who brings her own sandwich every day. Scrappy! Maybe it's the Philly in me
she said thank you & no problem
Btw sleepover soon whether you like it or not. love you<3
Ate 16 cookies now what!!
lol oh ok
So happy to hear that! :)
Text me, jerkoffs.
Hi Esme.Dog?My lab is 8,lately he has been sitting in a slump/slouched over position?Does Behavior change need investigation?
Didn't get a chance to see it. Ended up not going in on Friday
WHERE U @
life is art. live yours in color.
of curse :)
it's ok. How's life for u?
There is a new nightmare, in Baltimore!!! Baltimore Ravens Paul Kruger!! Nightmare on Eutaw St!!!
In 10th grade my Spanish teacher said I was the worst student shes ever had & that I'd never amount to anything...Well look at me now Estas!
No one Tweets mee :(
People you "meet" on #DesignBizChat could be part of your next collaborative team! Follow and support each other!
. playing back-to-back #BeastieBoys songs. Just what I needed today!
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatev.
“: My cowboys bullshittin”
Can't believe it's already April ; everything's going by too fast.
Are you sporting the latest Bradford Beach gear? #BeachLife ://bit.ly/pS7q6o
Can't wait RT : Can Friday be here yet?! :)
Is doing Comedy tonight at the P&H Cafe. Hosted by Brandon Samms.
thanks for everything at Graduation :) Have s blast at the wedding!
Just had one for the first time in years! So good.
Thank you my friend!
hit up Juan in a Million for breakfast tacos!! That will cure a hangover
My dad wants my old laptop...... Uhm it's so fucked up you don't even know
See with your own eyes and feel with your own heart.
I wish I had an article to write so I could give up email for a month.
I don't like girls that aren't fly but be poppin the most shyt
RT : Looking forward to interviewing today for Jossey-Bass podcast for
I can stay home with Jr.!
Come on! Language degrees are the best and linguistics degrees are amazing! Right, ??
Nothing really to shoot at. You got one of the best goalies in the league and 5 guys collapsing to the net to block shots.
omfg im sorry
Your body so perfect, its just right for me
have testicular cancer
Oh well, finna get a 5 on AP Bio
Mark Shriver of on #earlyed: low-income 4 y.o.'s are 18 months behind. More kids live in poverty than ever
i hope you werent playing swtor all night because i was
Lill Studio on Armitage. You choose the style, fabric, inside and straps. They make it. It was fun!! 904 W Armitage
Episode 64 of Inside #Acting - featuring and guest host - is live: www.insideactingpodcast.com Enjoy!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Wednesday, Nov 30 and I am tuned in to #NPR #TalkoftheNation Maria Liason in for Political Junkie, Ken Rudin
I don't see anyone actually tagging people in #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead .... Pussies lol
Thx bro. following now
Ditto!! “: Had a great meeting with ! So excited about our future projects!”
THEY SHOULD HAVE TAKEN IT BACK TOO SEASON 2 AND MADE THE PROM INTO A 1D SEX RIOT LIKE THEY DID FOR BRITNEY SPEARS.
thanks Kari, grateful for the opportunity!
ESPN reporting that Shaq will 'most likely' start in tonight's season opener versus Miami. Good for rebounds and garbage points.
Oh my... the Great Singapore Workout! This brings back soo many memories (and goosebumps - ha)!
girl you are sprung ;)
If you want to dance seriously, do. You must think about it day and night, dream about it,--desire it.
Need some last minute accessories for your #wedding? We have everything you need: garters, cake toppers, aisle runners, jewelry, and more!
You have no solid argument to lean on so now it's unfunny material about my surname? Damn, this is amateur hour.
Cns26 No cheats! Bring ur A game :)
I know right.
Quote of the day: “There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
you need to send me that pic.
Your work on "Need For Speed" was incredible. Congratulations!
Lolol there is such a big dog in my office right now. BEST WORKPLACE AWARD 2012
“Fear always springs from ignorance.” Ralph Waldo Emerson... "Fear is the mind killer." Frank Herbert, Dune
Getting nails done w/ my mama!!!!!:)
Clean clean and more cleaning blah
I think that sounds like a fantastic idea. Pizza for everyone!
if someone were to walk up 2 u & ask "how does it make u feel 2 have come such along way & have the fan base u have" what would u say
Cube Tube.
I wonder how that hypocrisy feels I just don't how I feel about you now. It's probably a good thing you are only here part of the time
My new obsession seems to be the Donner Party. That's not weird, is it?
winter food cooking - love it. hows that etouffee coming?
Ugh. I had one of those in my oldest.
Need 32 more followers.!!!
Hi Greg. Yes, follow up is key when networking at an event. Very good point!
RT : Anyone from the Columbia, SC area interested in carpooling and sharing a room ?
RT : Join The Jonny Ramirez in the Morning Show today from 6-8p @ Buffalo Wild Wings for Monday Night Football! I-35 & Pat Booker Rd.!
Up all night all night gotta #GRIND (J Dash High)
Listening to face down(acoustic) by the red jumps suit apparatus>>>
Excited for today's economic roundtable discussion. Join us at noon at City Hall as noted economists analyze how San Diego stacks up.
Did you write up your opinion on the documentary yet? I'd love to read it!
iff you want to follow me then follow me if you dont then dont butfigure it out before you press my follow button
As bartenders we hear some pretty cheesy pick up lines - “Im not drunk, just intoxicated by you” is def a keeper.
I have such an urge to play some pen and paper roleplay. It is an INTENSE urge.
If only Hollywood had a Wal-Mart, my neighbor could take her kids there to scream at/beat them at 7:30 am, instead of right under my window.
Everybody wants results but nobody wants to do what they have to do to get them done
totally!!!!! RT : If you write with a lot of exclamation points, nobody can tell how depressed you are!!!!!
All vegetarians are gay and always have been.
What an amazing week, The universe is reading my mind and bringing beautiful opportunities, I'm grateful!
so fab and pricey!
I know, and I tend to agree with them case-by-case, but they seem so mad all the time.
O O, one more tweep thinks ASHA Watch is an abhorrence!
Colombian girls are so beautiful 😏
No it's just awkward.
This fell apart!
You missed it! Pants were dragging...too funny!
You fuming right now? You have any hope left? I'm ready for this win
Item two (on my 30 things to do by age thirty list): learn to two-step
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
Back atcha. Lets hang out again soon. Way too much fun. Go Dallas Travers! Maybe see you at the next TweetUp!
Thank you, Melissa!!!
Tired today. No longer off tomorrow, but still have Saturday off. Enjoying watching all my Criminal Minds repeats. Can't waite til Sept.
Kove him more then you have ever loved before!
Bout to give in to the dark side. Just call me Darth Hater
Do you stay #stressed for the adrenaline rush? Death by procrastination and cramming.
Looking good on a Vespa. But I thing the Ducati is more your speed.
Did he give one? smh RT : Questioning halftime speech...
What a funny word, roads. Roooo- adds!! RT are you referring to the plot in the 1996 motion picture titled Black Sheep?
Use of smartphones instead of computers esp high in Latino and African american communities. iPads in the linearly
Thank god- the day is clearing up
looking forward to hearing more about it
this girl keeps calling me telling me "I need to back my hoe self away from him because he likes boys" I don't even like him anymore.
look up bejeweled blitz 2 on facebook. It's even more addicting
I was an extra in a Bud commercial back in the 80's (true story) can I be on dancing with the stars?...
Link Building Company Announces New FAQ Section On Site - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
you and my wife both. He was cool. It's all the dancing and pottery wheeling.
oh cinnamon rolls sound good. Maybe those will be tomorrow morning :)
i was so pissed i wanted to beat his ass! lol he moved her up right in front of your dad.
need sexy to wear for sxsw? Bettie page dresses at lofty Dog!!!
It's more like you stocked me lol
Am supposed to meet someone in 20 mins & can't tear away from "Vacation" on AMC. Kills me every time its so damn funny!
for sure! U rock girl!
Can't hide that Celtic Pride!
Got a random $100 check from the IRS today.
Glenn, why where you & Pat saying Bad things about Huntsman Cancer Inst. and Jon Huntsman like that? I'M Shocked, U where friends?
its awesome to spread awareness regarding #autism, thank you for that!
say my name is def a grower!
All lies!
I wish... you had... more time!
i love you too Denitza
wii!! que biein ;)
YES. PLEASE. This keeps happening to me!
I'm following u. U just don't know it yet. This is my personal account. Besides D9
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit - Aristotle.
Jogging was rough today! 7 miles took way longer than it should have
well night till 2morrow my fello followers
Well, so much for our predictions
what the fairy godmother is going to deliver to your from C....A.????
While you're most likely browsing FB for something exciting or funny... Go LIKE the page if you support my art ---> T.E.C.H.N.O
Dear Girls, Stop taking pictures and making ur lips look like a duck. That Shit Ain't Cute... - Guys
Cereal is about "the most important meal of the day," not "starve yourself on our products and you'll look great!" Not the point!
Oh how I missed you 20th and Blake, let's go Rox!!!!!!!!
i think im not the perfect girl for cody...
EXTRA Thirsty Thursday With
yes.. wait.. where's there?
Paul George having a rough couple games lol.
"Upon the Advice of My Attorney, My Shirt Bears No Message at This Time"
Your last twat was how I got the #klout ... So funny
she doesn't have her phone dumbass.
I dont even know what the bitch ment
if you got "raped" why are you so happy then ?"I Fuck botdf hate on it", really?seems like you're lying Cunt.
I may or may not have stolen it.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 325i for a new car!
THERE WILL BE BLOOD's "I'm finished!"
Unlike Facebook, you freaks are still awake. Thank you. I'm in good company. :)
what's that turtle trying to tell you?
THIS MOVIE IS VERY SCARY AND THE EXTRA FLUTES ARE NOT HELPING!!!!!!!
A young in 3-d?! Yes please
Please bring back Jeff Wall's After "Invisible Man" - his showing at The Marian Goodman gallery has me wanting to see it
There will be a Game 7 St. Louis Won 10-9 Every World Series Should go the full 7 games. :)
Maryland sports will dominate this year!
the first email I read this morning was the Arment Dietrich Smart Talk & I'm really pumped about the Trapster app ha
What's happening twitterville!
Appreciate man. Also check out , sports talk show I've recently started up.
So that last minute sucked.
New camper, boat and direct tv with MLB package installed, I'm never gonna want to leave #LazyRiverCampground this summer!
it might just happen! :)
GO SPURS GO! ♥
I had the privilege of serving on 5 different Blue Ribbon Panels for this year's Golden Reel Awards. Thanks #MPSE for the opportunity!
Also making his first appearance in the 2006 #ME is looking young. Still a boss though!!
Cool. I'll see you tomorrow at the Old Miami for #Detroit #Startup drinks?
Patty Mills had 34 points and 12 assists, DeJuan Blair 22 points and 13 rebounds and James Anderson had 19 points.
Symphony Crack's debut album 'The Addiction' now available for download on itunes and amazon! Support good music!
I feel confident again that I can totally do this and do it MUCH better than the mean girl I'm replacing.
San Jose Paving Contractor Expands Business with New Products ...
Final Four Friday. Early morning wake-up and off to Reliant Stadium.
We like keeping our music a secret from you guys hahaha we might release a secret soon :D
1st section of ppt done and clicked in at 17slides only 3more sections left, this is way longer than I thought. Due in 6hrs
Since I'm the only one in the office, I'm taking the opportunity to crank some "Bawitdaba"!
Don't forget to follow the VP of our Creative Department ! Feel free to tweet to her too!
“: go get some skittles for your dimples... jay > wayne” WeezyBaby<3
Loved that story! I understand what you mean.
“: It's funny how sometimes we miss somebody but when that somebody shows up, we just do nothing.”
you don't decline Prince!
oh well I think you should come to fogles study hall. Who do u aid for?
Friday the 13th? 2012? Sorry, I don't want to jinx anybody today...
yes I am man how r u doing
and thanks for tweeting it. Very good argument there.
Hof'ers Aaron, Murray, Palmer & Weaver at Frank Robinson statue ceremony. Ripken?
ha! She's too cool. Nice to meet you on here! :)
U.S history:)
sometimes helping friends is not so smart! sometimes it seems like it was a bad idea!
I don't know how to answer that in 140 characters. :-)
Bout to hit the concrete with the gospel!!! EXPOSE
Windy days are not so good for my MPG!
you have an interesting project, so I'm not surprised that the data is good.
Kardashians inked 40 million dollar deal with E news for three more years of their reality show. Salute! 100
Children learn to smile from their parents. - Shinichi Suzuki
Q: How can you tell that there's an #accordionist at your front door? A: He doesn't stop knocking even after you answer.
Is there a better 29 year old white kid from the midwest writing about about tribute bands and popular music culture? :)
Well, we got hit by a tornado this morning, touched down a couple blocks from here. Amazing we have power, most don't
So happy to have your follows. Thank you:
I am getting sleepy now
Geek Trivia Quiz Wed at 8pm. Topics this week: Atlanta. World War II causalities, Pies, and St Patrick's Day. You are welcome cheaters...
that's so awesome! Where? “: Was just issued an elite bib for the half marathon tomorrow. Guess I gotta race this thing!”
THEY GAVE AWAY A STARTING POINT GUARD!!!! (sure, just, you know, not a GOOD starting point guard).
Thank you for sharing your story in Portland Amazing!
You are indeed missing the city, right
Ready to learn some great ideas
oh, are you going to Bandolero's Pop Up?
Rise n grind happy cinco de mayo bitches
Sam Holbrook wouldn't be fit to ump Bay League slow-pitch games.
OK, so THAT's what it takes to empty the Politico newsroom. Not for long, though.
Accidents, Homicide, Suicide, Unattended Deaths, Injuries, Odor Removal, Hoarding, Blood and Body Fluid Clean Up
um..... love that I was your first reply in over a year..WTF!!
yeah they're good we've played their stuff before on the show. I ought to have them in for a session
Okay... I saw 'Art Monk' trending on yahoo and thought it was a monk making some sort of extraordinary religious art or something...
Great seeing you last night : sorry we didn't get a chance to talk!
We are so thankful to have wonderful supporters like you! Merry Christmas!
I love u so much<3 ur such a great singer! but with all ur fans u would never notice me... but never say never (:
Listening to some slow jams and trying to study but, find myself into the music way to hard. Singing loud ... thinking about good times
Everyone is suddenly so obsessed with , well one thing is clear - he is MINE! sorry to disappoint the rest of you:)
With my power of small sample sizes, I present to you the #JohnnyGEffect. If we haf here at the beginning, we'd be 29-0.
Thanks Richard!
Getting ready for our free week show on sat 1/7
All of the people on teen mom are absolutely disgusting
anytime! You are really great on the show, you crack me up every single day!
The horse has a time-out and the grizzlie is mauling Casey ---Just another day in Mascotdom
Chi-town!!!
Just presented in Lynn's class. I did a kick ass job. hells ya
HA! Exactly!
Excited to be a panelist at the #nwfoodshow12 on #SocialMedia at 10:20 come to room 4C-1!
Why are you still an egg?
I feel like Twitter is soon gonna turn into Facebook with people playing twitter games and getting twitter "wives" and "husbands"..
#WeWontWork if you can't trust me.
It's crazy! Hillary's opposition camp would have been all over that and we have more important issues to worry about. TV off.
I just gave u the silent treatment for 1 hr
Listen to a short recorded call with iZigg CEO David Liniado @ 712.432.1085 pin 972120# to hear how #mobile is exploding in the U.S.
Training at macys today! This is taking forever
I'm so nervous I'm about to puke. Smh. I wonder how the players are feeling.
You are friend to the Tea Party, my friend. They love you.
Dreamed I covered the thing I'm about to go cover and it all went wrong. So in real life, it should go right. Right?
Hanging Tough! : It's 80's day on !! That made me wake up w a smile on my face! Can u play some New Kids
you are dead, MLM is alive and well
You just fucking talk to me because I pay for your shitty clothing.
Wow! What's your secret to winning? RT : Winning the name game two years in a row!
no son of a gun?
OMG I just found the entire movie SCAMPER on YouTube... #DoNotDisturb... this is real right now.!!! =) too happy lmaooo
Congrats #Giants fans! Great game tonight!
That has been #tomcruise is closing the show. Yawn.
Starbucks... oh how I love u...
If you're at McDonalds at 2am on the net...you need to get a life.
A pragmatist! :)
Dear God is that the temperature or an FM radio station??????
- yep, you are correct sir :D
At orthodenist right now while everyone else is at school XD
Gosh I have some bad luck with my car! 😣
At the tennis match...I love how these guys compete & cheer for each other! SWOOP!
Still needing those blankets, socks, clothes! so grateful if people came by with these items today at 3 NW Third!
Drama schrama, Stacy Francis can sing! Great job !
Before there was an American Bandstand theme with lyrics, there was the original instrumental version. Either way, it had swing. RIP
Have an awesome week!
Ty Vlad. Hope all is okay. Mine is all good now :) Congrats !
Monster kills Hamm.
#11 can't finish. You're going to have an ulcer after this game.
yea Fit_Ed dump the egg : )
Where is ? Skipping? Hah
I love/hate movies that make me all girly emotional like this and movie
Where are the black barbers in Boston? I need one!
The gardens excessive growth of grass was not affected by Irene! Damn!
I miss when I was little, and didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair. I just did what made me happy ♥
:) Taylor is taking me to #BeBrave in denver on our 3 year and June 1st I'm taking him to see #TheSwellers & #TheWonderYears as a late
Can anyone sum up the bipartisan debt deal for me in 140 characters or less? Hint: "It sucks" or "great idea" . . . . neither??? shocking
Newborn session this morning!
wish i could help but i just graduated with a BA and have no experience in journals whatsoever. RTed your post though!
any deeper & it'd come out the wrong end.
#Medeco - 4th question: How did the Medeco Biaxial angles get their names? Hint: Angle names are K, M, B, D, Q, and S
I don't really care my hawks won yesterday so I'm happy
yeah. But we fired Bruce to get this?
ICONic Boyz are back baby
Today: Robt. Hanson plays private concert with his NEC stg players. I tried to coach this gp. with fire + poetry/sounded great on Friday!
He's no Anthony Weiner, but I'm sure Hancock lends itself to just as many late night jokes...
I'll have to call you & catch up, we haven't talked about this season at all! At this point for me, Joshua or Jessica has to win.
Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine. Joan Collins
i dont know what to tweet about.
if it's DatelineNBC, i'd rather Josh Manciewicz than Keith Morrison, thanks. (No offense, Dennis Murphy)
HUGELY bad decision. figured i'd grab something while getting diet coke. thankfully i have a yogurt and the vending machine.
Linden cares about a dead Rosie more than her own son. Holder cares more about her son.
Hopefully the heat can close this game out and not let Dallas go on a run
Just witnessed a girl do the entire Thriller routine in a hotel room...
Me too... how's ur mixtape coming along? I wish you would let me record you, I would have the quality sounding A+ 1. lol
Rude means when someone is being mean to you and if you did something wrong.
So the boyz didn't win the money,trophy or the title. None of that matters, But you know what they'll always be my winners.
Like hearing the success story from the dog's point of view!
“: Sex story tonight? Hit my mentions if you want me to tell one =)))” mee (:
Reading texts you sent when you were drunk is like terrifying digital archeology.
Better get the rain out of your system, sky. I have the weekend off and plan to enjoy it all!
Losing the people I need one person at a time <|3
#first40songsonshuffle Lady Gaga - Born This Way
And good morning to you!! I"m having a cup of tea, too, but mine is English breakfast.
why are parents at your shows haha...
True. Candy is dandy. But liquor is quicker. And I prefer Scotch over a Snicker.
I'm hoping!
stupid meaningless projects. you give me headaches.
and he is getting a different strike zone than the Texas pitchers are...that always helps...
tgif, Katy Perry.((:
PHONE INTERVIEW WITH THE SIMON CORPORATION WEDNESDAY! COULD BE THE ONE!
Teresa is a dinosaur machine lol
Not late at all, I'm still laughing!
did you know that 40+ y-o Olympic champion swimmer Dara Torres attributes her medals to resting more during practice?
