whats your high score in Temple Run?
We're doing a show on domestic terrorism. Tweet us the ?s you want us to answer. Spoiler Alert: We can't define "terrorism."
The bus driver got the heat on "bake a cake"
Expectation ruins lives.
Hahaa can't wait to go on this trip, were the damn primantis?
On vacation and still bout to hit the gym! Treadmill and the weights are my date tonight. DEDICATION!!
I just found out that the night I was conceived was the one and only night my mother's ever gotten drunk. It all makes sense now.
Text pdx to 72727 to get coupons and special offers from #PDX restaurants.
Team fortress 2 is free on steam...go get it, it's better than getting a job
Its probably not cheesy enough
VNCO peaceful rally was a huge success over the weekend but we must keep on helping Vietnam fight for their lands against Red China
you helping clean and paint?? Lol & I'm going to Brad!
#PeopleNeedToStop eatin ass without jelly or syrup
Goddamn, I might white Nike her.
Let me try that again. tells it like it is.
Right, they -match up- better... not saying they -are- better.
This life can make you so confused,but it's alright!
Um, also love that you met your husband on the subway! Too sweet :)
um, I think the answer to everyone's question on who am I is really, nobody.
You are in the most interesting of places always. Enjoy!
Texas Rangers always have a beasty player that leaves after he beasts out.. A Rod, Soriano, Teixera, now Hamilton. Sucks for them haha
I have an original of that issue, along with a 1958 Jet cover.
Already?!? Looking forward to it! RT : BLOG: Concerts in the Park starts NEXT FRIDAY!
yes I heard about clark from his tweet. And wow only one more to make? How many got cut all together? Where's a list? Post link
Fact: Indiana stopped the negotiations to continue UK/IU series.
remember to include "wicked world"
that's a bit obtuse. They need to win 4 straight to get any credit from u? Id be impressed if they got it 2 6
better eat some carbs, cause shes flat out MEAN. No good being thin if ur such a b no one wants to be around u.
Slight chance of storms here in south central Illinois for this Sunday.
you never told me who started being fake down there
Love starting the day with FCA, even if it means getting up a little earlier
do u no a way i could reach logan?
RT : Check out the newest episode (#36) of NWA Wrestling Showcase and watch how haggard the GEA crew is (around the 29......
As much as I pay for daycare I should get an early pick up voucher whenever I pick my daughter up early
I spent this morning talking Talking Heads with Jonathan Lethem for an upcoming podcast. (Engineer: )
thanks! i used to live in bethnal green, now i'm based in nyc. but will be back to show the series this summer.
where are ya off to girl?
lol I imagined big wool sweater. My bad
what are we going to do until new downton series, you guys?!
pshh damn i remember the girl i use to like in 2nd grade ;'o
Takeaway 2: Most of these great Library ideas can be used for Archive repositories as well! Bring the folks in and let them learn!
Here now.. Where you at ballson RT : new study spot: the grove pool
Is Norris worth holding on to in 12-team mixed, or is he streamable?
#herworld wants to thank teachers, parents and chaparones that were here today. U were great and we couldn't have done it alone
It's not just doing a good job, but doing a good job against the right activities that will impact business performance.
#moviesstarringbinladen They Shoot Terrorists, Don't They?
love twitter
Congrats on your marriage!
Kompany out, Zabaleta out, Lescott and Micah Richards both facing late fitness tests to play Swansea - Stage set for an upset!
I like cereal c:
wanna go shopppingg
please don't I don't want a corpse bride
I love it! Dont turn out the lights! Im going to be singing it all day. Lol
Morning TweetiePies! Just finished my Café Bustelo: THE magic brew! Instantly I go from a blood seeking zombie to a somewhat normal human!
THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT
this week will rock
I'm in, section 218 stachetastic under the banners
well thanks but it didn't last I have a better one now and follow doyle_ash people there amazing
If only homework was fun...
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriedIWould feel like I was committing a felony. Once a famous 16 year-old, always a famous 16 year-old.
Good Morning <3
Lol! RT : Josh Thomson's walkout shirt is priceless! "Hope isn't hiring" and "Vote Nope 2012" I LOL'd.
I hate that feeling that the monsters are going to grab that one foot that's hanging out of the covers.
We'd like to wish everyone safe travels as you make your way to your family and friends. Nothing like the holidays!
#oomf is about to go fight somebody........oh boy 
It's time to quit now Rick. -
Get out your brooms #orioles fans!
awesome, we will definitely be in touch! Thanks for your interest
- in the middle of the MayDay march - great work.
What is one thing you like to do if and when there is a rain delay?
don't forget the love!!
If #NU loses this, I can't help but notice there's an n-i-t in Minnesota.
Gotta make those free throws..smh
Find books to challenge your child this summer on www.lexile.com/findabook/, then find it in our library through WorldCat.org.
you got $100k for a redesign?
I'm sorry didn't mean 4 that to sound like a command. (pls) < insert this in my last tweet. My TL still F'd thx anyways
it was the hunger games...the movie differed so much from the book!
pure idiocy by me
Yeah John, because Timbers fans and Blazers fans are mutually exclusive.
Today marks the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, the most deadly acts of terrorism in American history.
Whatever it is your feeling is a perfect reflexion of what is in the process of becoming!
Habitat meeting Feb 9th at 5:00p.m. RM 304 Administration Building. Also a build day Saturday, Feb 12th so please come sign up!
BIG game coming up this Saturday for the Cougs - We can't make it to a bowl game, but we can still give the Huskies another loss! #Gocougs!
Super Disco Breakin
It's been a long time..... How about some foreplay .....
Lol, dude is crazy . Just lie for no reason at all
Our sizzling Fajitas are still the favorite among our patrons.
people scare me sometimes
No problem! Can't wait to see it, that's awesome. :)
Come down and see us we are having a great time!!
Tonight! Danger Snack and Dr. God together again! 1030pm main stage
thats why they call it beauty sleep lol
Got a new belt for my buckle. Ready for the Lady Antebellum concert tonight!
First and second house= flop
Love watching the Yankee kids today !!
so i wake up this morning to my mom singing lmfaoo !!! she loves him maybe she should make a twitter account
#keepItUpAustin! MAHOMIES! TREND THIS!!<33 TWEET IT TO ME 3 TIMES AND I'LL GIVE YOU A SHOUT OUT! <33
Absofuckinlutely. Very lucky we're not down a man.
wow pearltrees is amazing. and I have been sketching out ideas like this, love it! I love new literaries for texts
Bill Garr of presenting on "Pegasus" - a different way to think about ePortfolios
Happy birthday my baby!!!! can't wait to reunite Besty boo!!!!!
On route to San Quentin for the first time, visiting clients on death row.
so 2 ppl followed me on twitter and they dont exist? thats just creepy
Grind with me 👌
Truth! He clearly didn't think this through. RT The longest anything is a terrible idea
I hate the word "pet" and I have it my product name! They are so much more then that.
Ready for the weekend.....
thank you!
We worked with Cathy Nelson on some TAH grants. She's retired from Cols City Schools.
if you didn't see the story the first time...tune in to Channel 13 in Central Iowa now to see it in a few min!!
So bring on the sunshine, to hell with the red wine Pour me some moon shine
A lot has been done to prepare for the celebration of 100 years. People in the continent, as well as people in the world are excited to...
omg!!!! You replied I'm actually crying with happiness! :') <3 you are amazing!!! Subway is brilliant! <3
Apple Education Announcement: iBooks store has a brand new textbook category. Waiting to hear about content authoring tools.
And yo' bitch think i'm bad, too! :D
no idea no clue who cares suck my dick
Of course. Later this week work for you?
omg they r just bringing n all the bake goods! now muffins!! im bout to pound on these!
When you threw in the towel, God gave it back to you and said not so!
Why can't I get home already!!! I want to see the MTT preview.
Hello! I'm on Twitter a fair amount, but lurking. This having-a-real-job thing is cramping my style.
I think I just hate everyone.
What a cool day here in ABQ. I'm just working hard as ever for Friday again I don't like Mondays.
Good idea by With a little work, something that could easily go viral.
btw this is my other twitter account lol
This conversation going on next to me is unreal.
you at work or can I call you?
An ex said it & I said "Jus Walk out!" Bt he js wntd 2 talk abt me nt cookin : The four words i hate the most, " WE NEED TO TALK"
Cool. Good luck!
Read the IM teaser on the new Pizzology location. Where? (Please say Geist.)
thinkin bout her conversation with Rissa and now my minds in the gutter... Thanks chicky :)
I'm with you on that vote!
Such horrible news: Adrienne Rich has died. I'm so glad I got to see her read/speak my freshman year. She was one of my feminist icons.
Awesome! Thanks for the tip Trish. Checking it all out now
I was looking at my closet earlier, and I realized that I don't use half the stuff in there. I need to clean it out!
The other day I thought I fell in love. Turns out my heart was just racing when I saw the beauty of gorgeous art
thanks. the honeymoon was great. it was just good to get away from everything for a week and relax!
do you know how beautiful you are?
Good to hear! RT : had a good time at :3
I can't wait to spread them cougars legs ;) yeah talking about a car XD
Injuries don't get attributed to factors outside injuring incident as much a they should. Otherwise Jazz & Blazers trainers would be fired.
I thought of you when we saw it!
Welcome to Beantown! If Google needs a no fee apartment, let us know. (Yes, no fee is free!).
Good morning. Sunny day here in Kipling. Sun just rising after a rainy night.
Well whatever Pitino is doing obviously isn't working. Haha #BBN is back on top
Do you know where I can store a pea? Yes, I have some locations available.
. I wish I had $15,999 laying around too!
“: The Citizens Band at #SXSW tonight and tomorrow. Twisted Circus! We lost the elephants.”Break a leg on your shows Ian!
cool, I'm going to Milwaukee for the st patty parade
I'd like to move to Tallahassee, :p
who teaches that lecture now?
lol shut up you know what I meant
Once again someone like you is amazed that things happen as they do. I'd be surprised if things like this weren't so common.
Oh Zynga, how you just eat up everything and everyone...
I'll be on talking about special pay for SD County employees.
Seriously the speedo run always makes my life. :)
wow, that's just....what?
February 20 (Day 20) Breakfast Luna Bar S’mores,Poland Spring Water
Lets get this over with.
could take all 6 minutes before submitting 1st pick, correct? Not that it matters.
#VerizonWireless thank you for the quick service and turnaround.
o_O bahahaha! I might do it just to see you do it lolol
Awesome! Come see us!!! :)
#dudeswhodontdance haven't yet lived.
Personal Trainers in #Miami? Contact me.
i love ppl like that too :) makes me cry too especially him cause his mom dont care about him :( i feel like beating up that lady
very useful!!
Thanks so much for the feature story, :)
18,616 is 2day's attendance, the largest crowd ever 18,616 is also how many penalty minutes Zac Rinaldo has this season.
I highroad this was the "quickbus". At this rate I might get to work by Tuesday.
Freedom is not given, it is taken. Subhsh Chandra Bose
EXACTLY!!! MY MOM ALWAYS DOES THAT TO ME!!!
Oh, I see what she did there now. must be embarassed.
Sounds so fresh & nutritious! Love it. Really, "queasy color combo"? I like colors everywhere, including on my plate.:-)
Cleaning products that overpower grease and germs with chlorine or ammonia do the job, but they can make you feel sick in the process.
Lol, so true!
that means u do 2!!!! Lol =P
The government doesn't create jobs. My clients do!
Follow !!! I created it today for all you people!
Chem test wasn't do bad.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRUNITO!!!!
How about Frontera Grill or XOCO? NExt time I pass through Chi-town that's where I want to go!
Don't panic, just drink?
Duval stand up..1st Black Mayor: Alvin Brown...pray this recount is not a repeat of past Jacksonville behavior
Who is ready for a freaking party at Awake tomorrow!? Its going to be so much fun!
Yep. Its a Starbucks day.
If LeBron doesnt win a title this year he never will. Easiest path to a title ever.
Time for Joshua Ledet to go home. Jessica/Phillip finale.
don't hit yourself lol
GOTTA GO FEED MY DOG.
I'd be interested in finding out how many public institutions use NSSE surveys as primary measure of student engagement?
Looking for a product that will allow me to hear and see New York Times Best Seller books. Any ideas?
Getting ready to run The Peachtree Road Race 10K. Awesome
I WILL NOT LEAVE CAMPUS UNTIL THESE PAPERS ARE DONE!!
Sleeping on the floor was not the most comfortable but I needed to sleep.
Great sign for Pacers ... street corners again filled by those who "Need Tickets" or so their signs say.
RT #ISTE #STEM Pz help #SiouxCentral students w/ beneficial career advice use of SM & volunteerism Tag
U shouldnt feel bad about who you are because "I aM Me who are you?"
1 part Christmas movie 2 parts Scandinavian horror film - Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale is UNbelievable!
BEEN HOLDiN DiS NiGGA DOWN SiNCE DAY ONE ((iLOVE MY BD)) )#Free Que
try our organic sunless spray tan! a flawless,natural glow for spring!
Just now leaving Cape Coral field, wont be home till a while. So text me.
Thanks! Retouched images from the shoot just made it to my computer.
you can tell grammer isn't my top talent :-P good catch, thanks Brian. What are you up to these days?
I <3 what you do.
ryan! i finally caught you tweeting without it being hours or days apart! now is the time to ask...... will you marry me?
:) But I'm not available bia iMessage currently
Exactly, how I see it at least. Really, see the gf's fam? Excited? I'll be on the east coast for the first time.
Hearts go to those in tornado areas keep safe
Bowling with ! Yay!
The #Aztecs have a small lead 14-11 as we head to a media timeout
Today is Hospitality Monday!! Also 50cent wings all day and night long..
I thought Cody was ours(;;; hehe
It was someone deep within the CIFF.. I have an actual non-Starbucks life, i swear!
Today was a great day. Don't want it to end
"rock that body" - black eyed peas. my rock n roll friends are gonna kill me for this.. but damn what a
So sad to hear about #DonCornelius and #LeslieCarter. :(
I want Brown not white
Thanks! Why?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen ur car reeks alcohol the morning after and ur parents take a ride in it...
Going to take a nap
i should get that soon
I love cherry jolly ranchers!
haha. don't forget about that perm you had
Bring the family for our 4th Annual Great Person's Ball at Imani Temple's Church Community Room-Oct. 30th, 3-5pm, Children-$5, Adults-$7
one month til what
Im so bad under stress😰😰😰
Easy. It's called good taste. ;)
Loosing you or losing you? RT : Thank goodness for the ending of #gg. Almost thought the series was loosing me.
Happy Sunday, Everyone!
Today 9 PM, TNT premieres Innocent, 1st of its made-for-television movie adaptations of bestselling crime novels!
Post-work Thai coffee at #ElizabethStreet. #Austin's prepping for #SXSW!
Stared writing a really nice blog post when the internet shut down and all my work was lost so excuse me while I shoot myself.
Miss the way you love me too much..
I knowww): but I really like talking when we do! You'll always be my twitter best friend. You were the first(: haha
#PortraitsofPurpose gives us an understanding of the many people of Boston who have acted their conscience & made a difference
Too long to tweet an adequate response, but, yes. However, add to that many, many caveats to the point it's barely a yes.
I was watching this movie in social studies SEM and they should a naked guys butt xD I sound so immature but it was so funny
Preparing for our 2012 Jefferson-Jackson Dinner at the GA World Congress Center in
What is your view on the designated hitter?
your welcome(:
Smith-Rowsey: typical framing: twitter and social media as key tech in Iranian Green Revolution
Xavier Avery is so fast!
Feeling a little better. By a smidgen.
Come grab a drink from Fr. George tonight!!!
she is cute! I love her personality. She makes a great spokesperson!
the funny thing is I think they believe their own lies. Delusional ppl.
i will gurl!! I gotta get you kids back in my life!!
RT : Save $2 each by getting Open House tickets in advance at Old National Bank. See you Fri or Sat
melatonin dreams are the best.
yeah i just finished NAB as well... I need something for my commute in the morning still, im game
God bless fridays :) ♬
I HAVE A VOICE! Speaking today on publisher video at Springboard's panel. 10:45, salon 13.
It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil. The want of money is so quite as truly. Butler, Samuel
I'm gonna be running out the door again by then. I may do one earlier. Let's try tomorrow???
16 and u .... Hey text me on facebook
just went in on #Irving #plaza. Crazy way to packed
Screaming M.O.E, even on my birthday
Uggs and panties
Not sure if its Orwellian or simply a way to cut down on ad noise while interacting more personally with your own electronic village
Wow! The Old Globe won the 2 top prizes at the 2011 Craig Noel Awards 2night! Best Musical (Emma) & Best Play (Osage: August County)!
Great night tonight...thanks for stopping! Z
Have a favorite course? GREAT values at Ironwood and Kettle Hills. 4pm twilight.
So proud of my #daughter. She sang the national anthem to a charity event for wounded soldiers. I'm also so proud &grateful of our veterans
we love you back!
ok cool we will do both weekends. Lon just like Curt. Always saying something cause they don't tweet.
My lil cousins are over! :) its going to get crazy!.
#Ouch lol RT : S/o to me cause all my 40 million views are from the muscle! These dudes views and downloads be paid for.
Reef Commandment # 7. NEVER catch more fish that you can eat at one time. If a fish looks bloated in the belly it's pregnant, let it go.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Try to look at everything through the eyes of a child." ~Ruth Draper
Theres no snow it's just a cabin. God if your going to go to Maine you at least have to try to speak the language.
Kinda bummed #AJStream didn't mention womens rights in #Pakistan & womens roles against #extremism. Very complex topic. 40 mins not enough
The new Justin Townes Earle record is out a week from tomorrow. Pick it up, he never disappoints.
I ran outside to talk to meis and a jogger ran by me so I screamed like a little girl causing her to scream as well. I'm so stupid.
thanks for the #ff recommendation. I appreciate it.
I miss you! Did your present arrive yet???
does that make you a boy, then?
Drinking with Mark Hoegh, 52 Rose Bowl, and Brooks Bollinger. Glad we finally got to Cali!
thanks for the follow! NAd Im upset I'm just seeing your site.,...
#THATCamp Columbus (and all the others on the network) are back in action.Thanks Twitter friends for the help! Take note AntiTwitter fiends!
You know we will be because we have a great fish sandwich everyday. Thanks for the shout out.
RT : Failure doesn't define you. The fear of failing and lack of risk taking does!!
SMW Speakers from Digiday, PepsiCo Global, Digitas, and SocialFlow share secret weapons in social, including enticing community influencers
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 12
I'm sure that Dave & Lorrie are very proud parents. They've raised a beautiful, humorous, & talented young lady, Elizabeth Egan Gillies.<3
#DidYouKnow "Approx 50% of the US's unemployd age 16-21 R functional illiterate, w/ virtually no prospects of obtaining good jobs."
": US Open underway...who has the most to gain with a win?" Bubba Watson would become a household name to casual fans.
he is throwing out golf lingo at an amazing pace.
QT : #RT IF YOU GOTTA BIG DICK .most of the niggas that rt'd know damn well they are lieing.
I don't know the context of that tweet but I was there! One of my fav games
nothing I'm fine.
have you thought about taking the movie on a city to city tour?
2 more shows at Ft Worth tonight w/ and Dueling pianos after. Loser gets shot in the parking lot
#Mets and #Braves in full effect at Bounce Sporting Club. Come down and try our lunch menu. #Masters at 3:00pm.
Today the Lord answered an urgent prayer 4 a friend in gr8t need. Bro't to tears by His tender mercy to her ~ that's our great God!
Wish u said yes when everthing was No </3
Divorced the past .... Married to the present ... sleeping with the future !!!
RT : You were not born to fit in, you were born to STAND OUT!
With Terrell Suggs winning this week's defensive honors, the #Ravens have now had an AFC POW in four consecutive weeks.
South Florida's Pronto Post Still Sees Value in Direct Mail; Comments on ... - Houston Chronicle
Watching Stoke v. Wolves. Perhaps it would be a good investment to get MLS Live...
Happy B-Day to our wonderful son.
Middle relief? For the #Brewers, it's more like ... what's the opposite of relief?
I hulk out when ppl dont text me back
#SmackDown going to start off good
Are you and working at the Hoot tonight?
Albuquerque city council rolls back green building codes.
the top bball players in the COUNTRY to play under ONE roof - ONE NIGHT only!! 6pm - Game 1: West vs. East .. 8pm - Game 2: North vs. South
Computing under the dead SXSW piñata, catching up on videos of northern dudes with rad new records
RT : Mobile tends to be an afterthought when designing online campaigns seems like a mis-guided notion
Just an example cited
NODRM is live! The code is for ebooks only. Please email if it's still not working and we'll help you out.
RT : I love how Prince Fielder busts his @#$@# on every ball put in play no matter what.
i hope your leg gets better fast! praying for you right now Lance! :)
I would very much like to come visit you in NYC.
It's ok to dedicate my 666th tweet to the devil if god told me to do it right? #thankgodforsatan #apologiestothe humorless
I wish my hair would Afro
Referral request: could you recommend a Philadelphia area business insurance provider?
Yes. I have seen and tasted some. I have no idea what Pinterest is other than it results in great office food.
w/my dad to see Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Yeahzaaaaa Go Caps!!!
And I, I really like it when the moon looks like a toenail. And I love it when you say my namee :)
‘Henning-Showkeir& Associates’highly interactiveworkshops are designed to stimulate thinking,teachcore concepts and practicecritical skills.
I just realized I've been coffee-less all day... this is a travesty. MUST. CONSUME. CAFFEINE.
IHop is better to me
Hey bro. That chick has a nice toilet.
Looking to get some art done for the vibe and Lisa rocks if she actually comes through for once
Thanks to for a great realtor event
Amen! RT : Wife and daughter back at home. All is well with the world.
thanks for the follow be sure to follow and let me know if I can ever be of help
omg I know !! I was freaking out when he annouced it ! & I hope he goes to germany too! You deserve it (:
always amusing when guys not on field open mouth abt players on it...
11408inc Vs. Common. Idea! Teach all the boys( K -5th) Celebrate lyrics. Call women Bs at school, home, and at church.
I missed the connection between parts 1 & 2 of the VW ad.
Rough first half for Kentucky.
Me.lol ": Ppl want to see Floyd lose because he's too arrogant"
Thanks it's da beer ": dude you should be a comic country writer ! You come up on the fly with some great stuff!"
In 200 years of Raj the British took many Hindi words to English. That is conquest. Indians took some from English. That is subservience.
it won't let me DM you back!:/
That sucks, dude. Sorry you missed your man-hugging contest.
At TPC for The Players practice rounds with the staff. Great time & great laughs!
Attempted to do yoga pose unnatural to human body, let alone out-of-shape human body, last night. Can not still feel my toes.
Sorry I haven't tweeted you in awhile. I was going through some... stuff. You may not be perfect. No one is. But you're you.
If you have a boyfriend, why the hell are you out !?
GM! Good ppl! have a wonderful and productive day !
I also won a 5K this morning. Not to toot my own horn.
Should be great stuff with the bowl game predictions because that's still relevant haha.
Okay legs are getting sore one hour and 15 mins left
hahaha that too
Glad you liked it! Had a fab time chatting with you. See you in Austin. :)
yes :) I love both of them! How old are you?
- Your warm apple cider + my achy throat = Bliss. Thanks!!!!
Emerging from this winter inner-self crucible. This will be a new start, a new city.
alright mo shall return
GPS, I'm just telling you: I will be endlessly aggravated if you are not well-versed in the one-way labrynth of downtown Miami.
Why you gotta be so fresh all the time?!?!?!?
RT :Mayra Cansigno everybody loves you and wants you to have a wonderful birthday including me!
you guys killed it and hit 1k followers! - im a man of my word. i will release a free song for y'all first thing tomorrow morning! :) RT
Does Emily Watson ever have fun?
oh ok well my friend is in there so I will say its cool!
Congrats! Archaeology and Landscape in the Mongolian Altai: An Atlas winner of A. for American Geographers Globe Book Award.
Bowbowbow, drop down to your knees
Or maybe Princeton students have a higher propensity for psychiatric disorders.
"That act of attention at the moment of the poet's creation"
So tired ! I don't know why :(
I know you do
Can't decide if I wanna look cute today or not
I know! I've walked past the place and it looks like such a hole in the wall I didn't think it could be good. Then tried it and wow
thanks for the mention...appreciate it!
2009 Phelps #Cabernet Napa. Old school Cab which needs long cellaring. Floral mint nose. Dark fruit, spice, cedar, much tannin. 89 pts
Wtf is there to do on this beautiful ass day bett ima be downtown wen i get off
i feel bad for the kid with boy band hair :(
Prepping for Irene!!! This could get interesting, stay tuned!
I have a great pic of my peanut watching the angels spin around by the light of the candles. no song he wanted to hear the bells.
but it's so annoying to watch u and your lover go back and forth
Bachelors of Art so I can pwn at "Draw Something"
Wade Davis in the rotation?
Checking out opening day of Amer. Craft Cncl. Show @ Cobb Galleria.
I think I can waste this day.
did you know that damon has a new girlfriend after rose?
Are you at the Speed? You're on the RSVP list for the event tonight!
EU orphan disease regulations tend to be more flexible than those in the US. But price pressures pose ongoing challenges
Always nice to hear from a new fan :-) I'll absolutely send you a pic!
"We are a nation of fun-loving dopes." -Sarah Vowell
Is he promoting the event tonight?
Make sure you have her getting closer with each slide.
A flame is still burning above an evacuated North Sea platform from which gas has been leaking for three days.
I am tapped in.
no school for me today <:
talk about burying the lede on that one! :-P
If I have created a style, a kind of cinema, I did not do it on purpose - Fernandel
new logo?
Bring it on Mitt Romney!! #Obama2012 ready to go!!
The will be iced up Oct. 2012! The Solor Bears are coming out of hibernation!!
thanks for the follow!!
aww no don't hate them! We should support all artists in any case! :) Just keep rooting for Megan and Liz!! :)
Extra week
I was kind of sad, I didn't get a sticker this morning! :( Maybe I just missed them.. but I still voted! :)
If people are trying to bring you down,then that means you are above them
My friends in just gave me a taste of what they've been working on. Holy F***.
If you're at the Festival of Beer tomorrow, stop by for some Pintail Pale Ale & Wreck Alley Imperial Stout.
yess, I have to use my iPod for now, until my dad feels like buying me a new one. 😔 lol
I am sitting on the patio enjoying bellinis, what is your favorite patio wine?
Are you ready to add that special spark to your business? Our Platinum Sponsor, Chispa Marketing, can help you!...
Stupid Kansas. I knew better than to root for you.
Thanks so much!
Succeed if you want a Rolex or a Ferrari but Living is free. Life is free
You're welcome! Glad to help.
Business Launch Call Tonight @ 7 pm Est.. Join us @ 641.715.3200 access code 670048
The weather may be good now, but how are you gonna act when the rain comes
The Silent Gold Rush is on smart money .
lol... I mean my "twitter" page dress/design..w/the new blk/white giraffes ... swanky- eh?
Thank you! I RSVP'd for the seminar on the 31st! Looking forward to meeting you. :)
People of uncommon abilities generally fall into eccentricities when their sphere of life is not adequate to their abilities.
With the tow truck drivers.
TravelTip #7: Leave the MP3 player at home - Bring an am/fm capable radio and listen to local music.
Was gonna run to meticon bikes at lunch for bicycle tune-up, but monsoon got in the way. staying at desk.
at the beach(;
yeah he actually does! i dont know what there problems are...
Oh, so you used THAT excuse, did you?
welp, I'm taking a nap
hey bella! how are you? Hope your having a great one! say hi to me and my bff
OK I UNDERSTAND BUT WHY DONT U WANT TO TALK TO US?
watch now interview with
I especially loved the 6-year-old listening in rapt attention. Were you there? Sorry not to recognize in person!
Franzen: "People I care about are...serious readers and writers..." & also conventionally attractive female novelists
It would take me about a week and I'd have bleeding fingers and be cursing.
Examples? There are silly big words but some are very precise.
Jammin to and ish "Cypher" I can listen to this song all day.
Right, agreed.
is like a little piece of Goodberry's right here in ATX.
Sure as the sky is blue, baby, I love you
My little desk top zen garden arrived this morning. How nice. It even came with a little book of sayings. I'll share some of them now.
All afterschool activities at TMS in Quinlan have been cancelled. #severe weather
#HowIRoll is on my list of phrases i hope are dead in 2012. Unless you're a snowball on a hill. Then please feel free! ;-)
Lakers ass-kicking
check area libraries' display policies; we always said it was limited space, first come, first served.
Just Woke
today i have invented an amazing new technology: invisible emails! :P
I think with a little more time she will get it
How do you do that? How do you make me smile without even trying?
-- "I WOULDA Bought the Dodgers ... If I Had the Money" - ... Now that would of been a #Hollywood ending!
Well there was just a tornado near my house.I slept right through it...thanks for caring, family.
I really just wanna go to cali so I can play with the clear boards
the best looking nerd I've ever seen. That's about as good as I can get it. hahaha
I'm looking forward to meeting you today & preparing for presentation!
txt me punk !
witch sex
More than 100 000 Norwegians have served in over 100 international operations in 40+ countries. Today we honour their service.
": Ravens fans aren't allowed to make fun of Ben for wrecking his motorcycle anymore." Yes they can.
I absolutely despise 12 step programs.
MAKE MY DREAMS AND WISHES COME TRUE ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!
Now watching #Uprising: Hip Hop & the L.A. Riots on VH1.
Just bought a new sketchbook and a crayola colored pencil jumbo pack! so-many-colors:)
Have fun, kiddos!
Like I said, it's an older rule, like no split infinitives.
hi! Are you wearing pink?!?
Can't sleep all ready up. Really sucks
I will never like Joakim Noah, but Go Bulls! A Bulls win will make a much happier Nick!
love your prices, free drink coupons & frequent flyer program. Your app is pretty great too- but why no mobile boarding pass?
hahaha what car were you in ?? And yeah that was me lol
“I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.” ~Confucius
NEW SONG NEXT WEEK!!!! :D ah
Mark yr calendars: Bee Cave - Texas Hill Country opens 5/16 with upstairs beer/wine bar and interactive Customer Comment Board
10-11-11 is going to bring something special!
. Joe needs to retire.
No shame, I like to dance like an uncoordinated white girl while driving in my car :-)
Yes. But don't count them; math is hard.
The only photos I ever post are of my dog milo :-)
LMS if your having a great day like me...
Sorry, you caught it first.
Not the same without Sean Bean's lucid tones
So M-\ doesn't work for me in Emacs on OS X. M-| works fine. There doesn't seem to be a global key binding in OS X for that, so what gives?
RT : Get the super hot ones. :-)<< you kno that's not happening lol
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 3
This little hotel shower makes me feel like Buddy the Elf.
This is ! Elise and joshua should be history! I love Holly and Colton!
Nas is SO lucky for that video smh
sorry that is
Just finished War and Peace. And now I will go back in time to make #AudreyHepburn my girl. ...so hot!
Another try minus typo...Dual bday celebration... and his bro...#goodtimes (äuhaus Las Vegas)
I'm too young to be so stressed out.. I just wanna wake up and not worry about anything.
Is going to help his buddy Jack move.
I'm sending a shout out to all family & friends. I hope everyone is having a bless day.
I cried for the first time today, I have never done that in public before, please pray for me tonight or on Sunday church, Good night every1
If this message is for me, david regarding the lottery? Yes I would. Don't need 640 mil. I'll mke many people rich.
lol what the? Why? Alright, loser buys fish tacos.. I think they might win next game though..
I just realized something: it's them, always has been. Not me.
#Fact I only have two retweets from people.(:
Toll a Bell for Papa, for on this day, 50 years past, Earnest Hemingway took his own life.
heyy, im good what about you ?
I have a heart of gold.
Thank you to everyone who attended today's Honors Convocation. Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
It really sucked :/
L.A. freeways: Negative branding for advertisers? (nice view from 405 northbound) post by
Touch screen on the ruggedized Dell Latitude now calibrated! Devices almost fully configured. After that, next step is database connectivity
Rain coming... Shred time.
best PG on the roster yes..has shown glimpses of "pretty good" a few times this season. Still not content w what he brings...
#MyMotherToldMe that I'm beautiful and unique <3
Thank you! I'm not sure the sleeping well is going to last when I go back to work but we'll see.
Any special St Patty day's shenanigans for tonight's show?
where are those pics at?
since I was 12
why would I even ask a question like that he is the definition of gnarly!
I know! It is just so convenient!
Working my way north today
BAE = That's My Love . Main = You Ain't The Only One But You My #1 . Boo = We Ain't Together But You Mine . KNOW Where You Stand !
“: And Thanks to the #roaddron for making trips to Vancouver and Portland to show support." <<< we love ya! we love ya!...
lot of good memories, but could watch the 12 Indiana clips from this last year over and over and over
Eat your women! They love it and most importantly, they derserve it. You selfish bastards, think of someone other than yourselves...
That Bean Had Mee Trippy Mane
#SometimesYouHaveTo use water as a substitute in your cereal when you run out of milk.
Can't wait for the weekend...
is the best video production company ever...Friday's release wouldn't be possible without your amazing work! -luvella
no, thank YOU! :) happy weekend! RT : #thanks for the Follow & following back!
RT : Thank you for screening #Urbanized! I adored it, as did my friend who is less of a city nut than I am :)
good morning from one fellow 903-er to another! Have a great day!
I miss my friends.
I been catching 11:11, both morning and night, for two weeks now.
The lipstick is Glamour 101 and the eyeshadow is Dragon Scales.
another amazing film: TRUE GRIT (Coen Bros. version)
don't blame me I was loud as fuck!!! ;)
Colleen that is awesome! I am not 100% in the loop on what happened with the fan & u-know-who. do u have a link to the story?
Girls Got Rhythm
We've got some "killer" plans in the works for Halloween this season with ! Tell us what/where you're going to be at!
plz follow me! =)
My wife loves homemade gifts.
yep I have some ideas. Ping me on email.
Cool. Sounds like you had a very smooth & rewarding transition. :) Thanks for your feedback!
I'll be out in early september! sparkles.
“: seriously!!! Ellona has guts and I admire her!! ” thank you ladies for your amazing support!
I would switch lives with Cynthia Rhodes in a heartbeat.
lol I'm just grinding through, were you the three-character team? No one plays more than 2, and I saw a lot of 1 teams.
That awkward moment when you forget to flush the toilet....
never not once wanted an iphone until I saw #siri. now I want one.
Finally decided to give Twitter a try.
yes, very very sharp and substantial
Hey world!
Good morning guys! Hope everyone has a wonderful day. Be safe!
Rail jam at Epic Snowboards on 23rd and Vaughn, FRI 3pm-8pm. Come out and support Epic, Killer sales on Board gear and FREE BEER and BBQ!!!!
RELEASE YOUR INNER DRAGONS GUSGUS!!!
Well, I am officially more scared than I have ever been in my life
Thanks for the follows Tweeple!
.. Would love to do that if possible
Good nights = Good Mornings
Cambridge is where you should live. Live music, great restaurants and near the T.
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world -Susan B. Anthony
WIAA umpire says it's one of the best softball games he's seen in a long time.
I'd like to thank Olive Garden and their breadsticks for this conversation
Ok! :) just because you are our BROdie. Ha
Well junior the only girl drama i like is bad girls lmao
Just had a great pitching / hitting practice session w/ my son Q ...Such a talented ball player!
My whole family is here in Utah. Wah wah.
Just wanted to say thank you! Been following uk bball for over 30 yrs & u are one of my favorites. Good luck to u!
The Largest Pharmaceutical Drug Heist in History Was Ruined By a Water Bottle [WTFriday]
come talk to me then:)
Clark Kellog sucks
I've convinced everyone else that I don't like you and that I don't love you anymore. Now all I need to do is convince myself..
Go to class!
Press conf for new coach for the Fire. World class addition.
gonna watch the cnn/tea party debate after i finish up this taylor swift album.
The brotha who is head butcher at Ralphs 3rd & La Brea needs a reality show
I had no idea old rpp's can be fined. Had old sticker for two years now. What's the point when the new one is above it?
Graeters black raspberry chip is hands down the best ice cream on the market
I can't screenshot.. ): I voted like 56329875 times.
just not into fried chicken. Much rather hit the BBQ joint around the corner. Now that place is finger lickin good.
as the winningest player in Augie history, how does it feel to win in Bismarck, ND?
I was glad Manchester United lost last night. I have no love for Manchester City, but Man U's tactics early were deplorable.
shut up Cinda lol I like it
Happy mother's day to my mom, who once sat me down at the kitchen table and explained what a "first down" meant.
Thanks. Right now I'm working on the judgement criteria for an award, it's much more complex than for a book award
Before the end of the month for sure. Look for an update this weekend on our website.
The Pacers haven't been relevant since their starting lineup was Jackson,Miller, Mullin,Dale Davis, and Rik Smith.
Horrible 3rd quarter for Magic but they are on a big run now, only down 5 with 4:45 to go! 10-nothing run!
If you find out about that excellence training can you share? :-)
is coming out w/ really cute styles! Hopefully will be able to save enough so I can get my hands on at least 2 new wigs!
Gonna play Greysons songs on piano when I get it home #greysonchance teach myself..luv it
I got OPI shatter polish
You know it.
life's too short to worry ;)
Waiting for
They should put old NASCAR races on as replays more
The people who always forgive you are the ones who love you a most
How bout dem Saints?
Seriously who's brilliant idea was it to do construction on the 405 on a sat night.. You're cut
I think i did the BEST n takn tha math final
Government issues "pointers" for gaining 1 yr visitor status for domestic partners of temporary students/workers in U.S....
I'm still flabbergasted that the #Republican party chose as their nominee a man who gained prominence by denigrating conservative doctrine.
just wanted to say amazing smile:)...and when do we get to hear more music from you?
RT : Hm....concerned.
Sometimes it could be just to save/archive/read later.
Good luck to
So glad you made it home. Thanks again for coming!!! Hope to see you again soon. Maybe SciOnline next Feb.?
Signs you are getting old: ambivalence about voluntary flight bumping. To do or not to do.
I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt
Facebook is valued at more than Bank of America (#1 Bank in the country...!!!) and nearly as much as McDonalds? Wow.
Where are you having dinner tonight? We're checking out Au Cheval tomorrow, any recommendations?
Man, y'all aint waste no time! Lol Good looking out.
On the cum up. . . Twatch and C
Volunteering today! Art In The Park here I come! :)
Thanks for the tweet! :)
You are only days away from possessing all three things, too! ☀
Happy Valentine's! We <3 our customers!
that's not the ring I saw
Getting ready 2 buy my first #smartphone. Any #photojournalists care 2 offer opinion on which is best? Here, #Android on #T-Mobile cheapest.
Best Raw Food Dishes in Portland according to LiveLive. Time to try our decadent Raw Cheese Cakes, Live Fudge and Parfaits too ALL OG Vegan!
Just heard that my pal was named the Web Marketing Manager of The Rackspace Cloud. How cool!! Congrats Nick!! :)
gets me movtivated to work out. #crunchesandsquats :)
I need a manager
In 7 min. we announce the winner of the 2 Miranda Lambert tix for tonight's show in Milw. Retweet and you could be the one!
Getting one now :)
Yeah, weird...haha
do you have any tips or supportive words for someone who just got diagnosed with diabetes...I'm struggling with the news...
So... Seth Sinovic broke his hand. Means Harrington will be getting some time soon.
oh okay:(
los angeles has valets for their strip malls.
Anybody seen ? Figured he'd be all over this #SOTU business....
#cnndebate commercial count. Banking, financials, coal, and oil.... Go figure
I love it when my own mom calls me a whore
Very nice! So much to love... so hard to have a top 5 LOL.
has arrived!
Life is good! :)
I had the worst sleep ever last night
RT : Get right or get left ...
hahaha! It's JUST like chicken soup. It was really tasty.
Back in the states!
We are very proud of Dj Aye-Meezy ♪
im lost but okay.
Getting my working out on Dropping ten by thanksgiving
Sunday=funday at Beach Bum!
Happy Friday facebook fans! Do you have any fun riding plans this weekend? Tell us about them!
4th qtr #Celtics doing a good job rebounding and looking inside to KG. Continue to stop the pick and roll and defend the 3 point line.
OMG is right!
Blasting in my crib like its my B Day. Happy B Day over and over again love. You motivate me!!!!
And I don't even care if it's got purple unicorns on it. I just need a freeeking calender.
#TIIP4P Kim Armstrong/Dan Campbell: Call an ELMO (Enough! Let's move on)
good to see you last night!
laying around in need of sex
Now I'm plotting what to make her watch. Fresh out of ideas tho. She likes a lot of the stuff I like.
Wish chick fil a was open on sundays.
Yes definitely wanting an exotic closet. I liked the one that was all open. Of course you have to be super...
odds on Estelle starting from day 1?
You're welcome--love that you're livetweeting these sessions.
#fridaycoffeeclub is at ME Swings, 17th and G Streets, NW usually from 0800-0900. See you next Friday. :D
there's a whole lotta #fail going on this morning with my ruby config
I couldnt agree more.
pop inn cafe do the best breakfast.
Is there a rough launch date for Frigost Episode 3?
I forgot about you last night. For the first time, in a long time, I did ...
Changing the channel... #Pens (Fleury you're not Roy; stay in you're cage)
I think #Maroon5's new #musicvideo just exacerbated #Payphone's lyrical identity crisis even more than I thought was possible.
ibm...somthin she don't already got??? Lol good luck!!!
Tht loser feeling <<<<
That's all from the SGA Awards. Congrats to all the nominees and winners!
have fun👍
Tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a friend (not in that order) about "Therapy Thursdays" at REHAB Ultra Lounge :D
tip for library job hunters. Let me know that you invested at least 10 minutes investigating my library before you apply.
Ready for the weekend to party
My new book Audition for Your Career, Not the Job is coming out in a couple of weeks. We've been working on digital uploads--very exciting!
some attractive underdogs on this weekends college football betting card
I don't see the big deal in that hockey hit last night that everyone is talking about. That happens every play in football.
Sad that I still haven't hot my 1000th tweet. Lol. I'm not even close.
thanks for following! Looking forward to a great 2012 in JC!
aww :/ where do you work?
Continue to strive for a better future. Even if it doesn't come to you when you want it to.
do you mind to following people that didn't follow you? I think it would be fun and plus you're adorable i think <3 :)
RT “: CNBC...Phoenix and Chicago (of course). Thanks! Never would have found this game. Wouldn't have guessed CNBC.
maybe u or ur club need some in the showers to get u to scratch hdcp ? we r featured @ many fine clubs -
I hr till Sorry More than I can deal with.
wait...not a crispy bitch???? Hahaha
Oh it's true... I'm comin back so don't worry...
Love all the students in graduation gear walking around! #uwgrad # fb
thank you thank you!!! <3 you so much!
wishing a happy fathger's Day to all!
Jus gave a follow. I aready been followin him my whole life doe.
& sometimes I wonder do I ever cross your mind , because your always on mine !<3
#BBW here go #Kesha's scary ass
making some calls for sunday school
May 21 = APOCALYPSE!!
hell yeah
Drama at the skoo house
Thanx to the guy who gave me Tommy Shaws pic. I'LL love it forever!!!!
Fro sure! Iola's my favorite course, a little bit of everything there. You?
I absolutely love it! Im a monthly reccurring member! Really loved the Cammy pics...hee hee.
RT So awesome...living your dream....
thanks for the follow!
loved #zombie wish i could be one in a movie with woody!!
yea I hear ya bruh! Dr.Brewton on the scene lol!
Thanks for asking. A couple close calls but we made through with very minor damage. 12 total tornadoes, crazy day!
Why does walmart hire so many old people
goes upper deck! Welcome home
Huh so it looks like won (or err lost) the #scprimary. Great job nice debate
Haha love it - see you soon!! RT : En route for #ciartoweddingweekend I stole this tag from you bc its genius
I wish I could RT that!
dude, if you can tell me where to get good pastry in this desert, I'm there. Like Batman.
My sister throwing a fit cause she swear she seen a wasp in her room. She's trippy.
one of the best base runners i've ever seen. man, we had a million of 'em back in the day.
talent show in tampa looking for talent- all ages.. get at me
Its sad how something so meaningless as a little blanket or a bear could mean so much to you as a child and now... nothing.
Kobe lost the ball=)
Absolutely Anita! Have a marvelous day!
Congrats to in Carmel Valley and Park Station in La Mesa for earning the first MOVE Alliance endorsements!
Sanctuary! Sanctuary!
can't believe they are going to let the NASCAR drivers drive on that burnt track love #michael waldrip..always did..wow what a wreck lucky
my twitter is messing up.. sorry! i will follow back when i can though! ill give you a shout out for the inconvienence! :)
I think you are so cool for disrespecting women!! No wonder girls don't like you.
was telling him to join our group
you are welcome
welcome back. We missed u!
But this year, he turned and kiss selena gomez and didn't even mention the fans. Newsflash justin, were what created you. And we will br ...
2k has Miami falling to 5th place in standings without Bosh
I don't want to be reponsible for igniting the conflict. :)
I hate it when people with no authority try to tell me what to do...
lmao my fault
Hah! RP just threatened to kick their asses on a bike ride. Love him.
Like , the song baby . Idk but it always does .(:
Oh yeah...high 2
loves when my brother puts my phone on the railway tracks.
Where will You be this New Years Eve? To all My Twitters please be safe this New Years Eve and make 2011 the best year of your life..Peace
Had a dream that I was chillin with Melissa Etheridge... what a great way to start the day! :)
Ok last one I promise: "put aside the math and the logic of it, you gotta know you're wanted too" :)
I don't play well with others in the morning.
- GOOD question.. While I am a highly effective at relationship bldg I am always in search of new online tools
Wild Wednesday; Have a great night. It's all yours!
I do not know what is going on with the #LosAngelesLakers; I though that they would win easily, but they looked horrible much of last night.
I'm a Nazi when it comes to the correct "your" and "there" and when people say they "gauge" their ears.
Lord please help me to understand me
Lol...u r sick!
life and death lies in the power of the tongue speak victory over your life
Checking an item off my bucket list tonight. Seeing at with the wife.
Rocking the pearl snap now. Wonder if they make pearl snap chef coats.
Shocking news, there will not be a moment of silence for the murdered Israeli athletes from the Munich 1972 games in London this summer
Amandeishon hi, its me.
Happy holidays From
3 and 3.5 are just around the corner, but no word on 4, but they say very close.
I know you know these are about you!
I HATE people that act like they so big and buff when you have more boldness than them and they gay best friend
GOP wants to make it clear: the only one doing any handholding of school children is gonna be GOP congressman and school-boys..
GOOD JOB
I kinda wanna drink tonight. What say ye, ??
TY for following us ! Have a great Monday!
whoa there pause for just one sec... Did really just tweet that 
Step through the door... into the places of depth, doing and dreams!
all of you can grow up...
good local #nwindiana people to follow , positive & not in your face
Have a good one! This kind of occasion is why we're building a prayer app for your phone! Please see www.birdofprayer.org
My underwear drawer looks alot like zachs closet...alot of plaid
What's from the earth is of the greatest worth. Happy #earthday friends!
Rob Corddry. Over here.
My moms crying at 8 flavahz Angels mom having cancer :( aw mom
“Literacy is a bridge from misery to hope.” ― Kofi Annan
same shit different day....
Who?? RT : I want to fuck her up R/S
Shout out to and for making round two of the kstv casting!!!
cus you got that one thing
I'd rather be black as shit and fine as hell instead of light skinned and basic
WTF is wrong with your school what grade are you in?
I feel the same way about a certain person right now
#SituationOfDay Nothing can be done for previous hands. Hand dealt is voided.
It's almost 3 am. Why am I still up doing work?!?! Gah! Time to go to bed.
Today in music history, The Beatles receive a gold record for Yesterday in 1965.
#NYGiants ball! It hit his knee!!!!
Haven't been on here in a minute, wtf is up Twitter
Please follow !!
I did before that..
The mango pineapple is leaking
To The Person Who Just Unfollowed Nia. lOl. GOOD Job. GO follow Me
If u feel like u made a mistake, fuck goin back n forth feeling good about it: correct it!
what you up too ?
you can also just type in your email address to sign in lol. 😝
Need 18-30yr old Female Promotional Models in GA, AL and North FL. 6 month perfume campaign. Contact me for details!!
no, YOU'RE perf
The median professor doesn't even have a laptop, but we're talking about giving iPads to all the students. Backwards?
Yes is can snow in Minneapolis in April/May! Even blizzards! #AAM2012 Be warm!
Just as I'm about to fall asleep my dog comes and slobbers all over my face. Thanks buddy.
shut up.
I shouldn't have hesitated on those heels! O so jealous right now!
eeeeeeelkkkkkkk nothing like a reminder for you haha
you missed a heck of a show at UK's Big Blue Madness last night.. Can't wait to see you back at Rupp.. Go Cats!!
Smoking blunts talking bout sex wit my sista...
Great meeting of today.. follow us on Twitter and "like" us on Facebook!
In my feelings -_____-
thats good and you are welcome
back from costa rica...doing laundry!
No Shame starts in 20 minutes. Come join the insanity at 2215 W North ave. $3 beer that isn't green.
There is a major thunderstorm happening right now, therefore the dog is hiding in the bathtub.
commented on "Modular Datacenters: Pros & Cons"
your kidding?! I wish my parents would take me from Florida to Arizona to see the boyz....
Volume I coming this April with amazing featured folks!! Great interviews, images, and top personal picks for NYC
Just signed up for #DayofDH. Looking over previous DH definitions, wishing I'd done something snappier . . . oh well.
27 in 27 days? Bless you and good luck. Now I feel silly bragging about running a 5K with out stopping for the first time.
Heading to Gus OH YEAH!
No problem.
The C-suite averages at least four different devices for business purposes
Music is revolutionizing!
so were gonna work on this idea but #shittyowners might prevent us.
Burglary prompts warning of home improvement scams - Baltimore Sun
its time to move on Eddy, it's time to move on! cc
Happy St Paddy's Day! Be sure to follow the #DCDrinkUp hashtag this evening to see where we're at & latest happenings!
I love Assam, but have been caffeine-free for just over a month! :)
Rainy days are grounds for lazy days.
it's about time, now if you could only get them to play your music on the plane, there would be a lot more happy fliers.
thanks, btw. excited to spark the brains of little Haitians.
Why does Pitbull always say 'blow the whistle'?
lucky duck! I have a lot :(
America needs Obama care like Nancy Pelosi needs a Halloween mask
all of us have an opportunity with
"One bad decision can jeopardize the integrity of an organization." - Michelle Lee, Northeast Regional President
The 40-year-old virgin!
Today is a great day to get your pet fixed. Please. :-)
you greedy lil thing you!
Traffic is nasty today in downtown
great. is it screening in the market?
Rainy Seattle night airport shuttle, blues on the radio.
RT : Tiki Barber documentary to launch the Fumblecore genre.
wait but guys i met ed
If she were minding her own wouldnt care but she made me feel super grossed out when she was checking me tanning last summer. Yah. Gross.
Person who uploads the most wins a $50 gift certificate, and one person will be selected at random to win $25. Start taking pictures!
'Eat It Don't Tweet It' Music Video Mocks Food Pornographers [VIDEO]
Like I said. Sum people juz mad cuz they cnt suck my penis. Lol. Jk
that just struck something...
2night the place 2 be is Broadway Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover. $3U CALL IT. Dj Mystik in the mix. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss out
Same here!!! RT So excited to be working with on website revamping! Stay tuned for a fresh look coming soon!
"Scrooged" is way underrated. One of Murray's best.
thank you for following too!
Wow, so jealous !
nahh, I don't agree :3
question then is how long can you stay on the edge?
outstanding job!
Is this really the ?
Wine bar and good friend = pretty damn great evening.
get me out of this stupid city, time to meet some more Johnny and kevins...
I used to think so many things were impossible until God showed me they're more than possible. Now I'm a BELIEVER, a true BELIEVER!
I'm screaming it and you still can't hear me
I can think of alot of reasons Not to be at work hate when people don't turn auto-response back on and u see around the office.
OMG!! This Plyometric Cardio Circuit program kick my ass this morning!! What a sweat....OMG!!!
lets do another one. but DM it to belibers
2 for $20 with free shipping. WWW.yeldahgoods.com
heard that!!
hi brennan. interested to chat with you. can you follow me so we can dm?
yeah mate! hope you're having a good easter weekend :) loving it, but so confused as to what day it is ha !
hell yeah
PS- I owe you a license plate!
That is so bad-ass.
We have posted about "My Deaf Family" on our site & FB page 4 parents/familes/those w/#specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com
When you want something done right, I guess you've got to do it yourself.
i just want to kiss you.
Photoshop is eating 4 gigs of RAM. And I thought I was hungry.
you still in Madison
R.I.P. Point Game
My teenager just fetched me a Klondike bar. What will I do when she goes to college? *sniff*
you're starting to sound like me with all of these stops!
Here's to #hotterthanbiscuits getting a good work out this summer!
queen of nerds.
Saw Ripken play there and though I barely remember it, Murray too.
Have you ever googled yourself? :D Love you!!!
will be doing a music video soon with for his song "Sweet Tea" check it out!
That's pretty cool stuff, glad to hear it
I dont like watching Jay Leno... his chin is toio long
until later
Nun much. Just came home.
thanks Rob!
Thats pretty fancy! RT : oh yeah... is gonna wear his golden sombrero
I'm at the carry once again getting food lol.
it is my example an inflated word to my students. I had a prof who used to say, "Clarity is a worthier goal than profundity." You?
MY little brother passed all five of his Ogt's first try! (happy tears) I'm like so proud of dude=) I love you JayMan!!
Happy Valentines Day ladies. We have Vday specials going on until the end of the week. Give us a call.
I think he was talking about returning to the court period, not 100%. And, btw, you don't want to rush it, should be '14.
U need to hear the bits on freekshowradio.com
After being at #iset11 in Philly and now at #nctm12 in Philly--it is amazing the difference in educators using some device in sessions!
Yeah, I bet your life is so awful because you're skinny and every guy wants you.
Next, a shoutout to ! Thanks so much for being my 996th follower! :D
headache and earache <<< smh
not really, not at all.
doctors, social media people, car repairmen, etc. Probably shouldn't have tweeted that, was a little down b/c of a call.
Wow Time is flying. Happy last day of January!Make it a great day.
Thanks! : , I'm giggling my face off at your #aimsoundersready headlines! The campaign rules, as do our boys in green & blue
Winter weather or summer weather?
Ay, the suspense is killing me!
Definitely got to catch up on my computer time. Next week, my seasonal work is going to be hectic.
Last summer I literally spent EVERYDAY with my dad because he needed something to do to take his mind off them damn machines and medications
Great stuff!
Try something new for it is all new anyway, only our habitual perceptions makes us believe the status quo exists.
Thank you, Connie!
good luck!
A modern take on 'Cosi fan tutte'. It's a comedy in the original, so it's supposed to be funny. Even funnier in this format.
Emma Diaz is sounding FANTASTIC!
on the outside, im calm and cant stop talking about the show reveal for tonight. on the inside, im like a little kid on christmas.
Amazing effort, incredible passion and hard work from all the team ! TY for making our first #TedxYouth event such a success!
im on the move .. once i get to my destination - i got you
poor girl. Am sorry. Soon!!
It was really handy being high when I had an hour without electricity lol :)
and once again i am up by six....
Wade is still napping it out. Doesn't matter: LBJ feeling it. D. Rose has to keep attacking, Deng has to hit his open looks.
Depends on circumstances. 4 yrs ago I ran vs. Ronn Ferrell. I was wishing Dem presidential primary coincided w/ our general.
boo! I think Sbux tastes like mud - just talking straight coffee, not specialty drinks. Caribou is good, but there isn't one close...
Your language is unexpected. It really doesn't fit your profile. You keep hanging around non goalistic friends and you follow.
guilty as charged on the rhody thing.. new profile pending.. thanks for watching!
Okay I love <3
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Won't be looking for that on TV, LOL!
we gonna go party at the movies? Hahahahaha.
More #FACup action today! #Tottenham v. #Chelsea live at 11am - who ya got for the win?
Everything changes so quickly.
Older couple at post office wife:"where do ya wanna go to dinner" husband:"i dont care youre more picky than me" I can relate to this woman!
why have all google tools been SO SLOW or not working at all lately????
Haven't been on here socializing much. But what's up world? How's everyone doing?
i dont want him to leave :c
Good Morning World, the book critic has returned from a great trip into the city and out and about in Tenn, NY, Fl, new authors are coming
All crap jokes aside, two bits of my heart walking around outside of my body. Thanks for a perfect night!
Markets have been improving, but unemployment's up. Do you think the economy is improving? Call and share your thoughts: 317-736-0950
U are a thirsty ass bitch if u tryn to pull a relationship off Twitter. If it was up 2 me, yall would get a bag of cat piss thrown @ u 24/7
I saw it from the tv story
on the behalf of management, I thank you for your patronage
i bought Up All Night Limited Edition , Up All Night Standard & on itunes (: soo i bought it 3 times
"A customer is our most important visitor. We are dependent on him. He is not an interruption in our work. He is the purpose of it."
#rip kristein's love life
M.... irradiated eggs.
Because procreating exempts you from society.
Thank you to KVRF in Palmer, Alaska for picking up American Routes! Can't wait to start serving you!
you should tweet about ! you'd love them! :)
Thanks Aria!
My biggest fear is growing old alone.
ha yeah i hope we get enough ppl D:
I'm the reason that you always gettin faded.
Love 2 travel but hate booking flights? Book ur hotel with us & we'll scan the web 2 find u the best fares..FREE!
Pumped to wear my jersey to the at game tomorrow. Wish they were playing for something though.
Deciding whether or not to go to IDEA this weekend....
I cant deny my unparalleled love for the phad thai at Thai One On on Lake City Way.its awesome as is all their food. Dont deny yourself it.
haha, most of what makes people happy is already legal though! except for natural things which make you look inward and reflect.
Check My War Wounds
Texarkana still leading Northeast 7-1 as we move to the bottom of the 7th
Nothing brings down walls as surely as acceptance
hey Paula India is going amazing ! Can u tweet out watch on the IPL launch tonight 7 pm India
as long as you was smoking good sugar...
no idea. Look it up on the US Patent Office site.
Half of my book is about him. RT : OF COUSE Claiborne only took 50% of the Wonderlic. He's used to only using half of things.
Lol I'm Listening To Whitney Houston 💗
I'm always on the go looking for that perfect shot!!
Camera Dave said that to me when he walked in...it took me a minute but I got it!
The new ranking FIFA: Spain, Holland, Germany, Brazil, Uruguay, England, Portugal, Italy,Croatia, and Argentina. Mex 20 & USA 30
TURN AROUND
.. But he is a fighter and we are praying for him...
I know that hindsight is 20/20 but I cannot help but wonder why a pitcher of #MarianoRivera's age is out catching fly balls pregame.
hey!!! I misssssseddddd u!!!!! <3 i been good !
make it 5 in a row tomorrow. Booyah!
“: As I finish this school year I'm even more excited for next year!” // amen!
I wonder if they'll ever re-release any of the old 1950s 3D films in modern 3D.
I hate my life. This is fucking pointless.
I mean yeah Austin being I'm Miami is gonna be different, but he'll always be that 14 year old boy from Texas.<3
Now she tells me she wants to have 2 boys & 2 girls bc boys & girls play different things. This way the boys play together & the girls too.
Man... Im a fool
she don't wanna go outside tonight, & in a pipe she flies to the motherland and sells love to another man.
“I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think.” ― Rumi
The Mosley Family GO HARD! Ya' Her'd! BOSS! BOSS! DETROIT! CHICAGO! LA! PHILLY PA! VA! ATLANTA GA! "A-TOWN!" MIAMI!!!
We know you meant sweating, not swearing. Cuz a nice Adventist girl like you would never ever swear.
Enjoying some fantastic speakers this morning at MPI Mid America Conference.
What are you reading?
we hope to see on Sunday at #weddingpartybridalshow! We'd also like to invite u to our industry only after party 5pm. :)
i followed yuh can i get a follow bakk!!??please??
i LOVE the Alchemist and The SKIN I'm In...currently ready Yourgu by Marimba Ani
Yo check my #IG feed for a preview of meals.
Is twist coming back to Atlanta?
I thought cupcakes were the new doughnuts? Are they switching places again?
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. Thomas A. Edison
thannks for not answering me :(
Workout all over with. Great opening to the week w/ a back workout this morning. Got another one tomorrow, but that's hrs from now.
my thoughts exactly!
we don't fuck off she just gne try scare yo ahh away to see if u ain't going
Yeah, there will be wifi once the cafe opens.
Clearly both dogs need to be crated for my new puppy to remain calm in his crate. World of difference.
send in your #wildwesley tweets to show up on the big screen
#AmericanIdol is making me sad. What the what? Please make it stop.
Hoping it's the Thunder and Heat in the finals!
Stay tuned! RT : Congrats to Keenan Caldwell who won a $100 card! Three more prizes up for grabs this month...
#seaotter Stop by expo booth to see amazing new saddle pressure analysis technology. Saddle blues? Demo all day!
thanks bro I appreciate that! If you ever wanna cop anything use "Steven" and it'll give you 10% off and free stickers etc
Thanks for following & I'm looking forward to your tweets!
:) just make sure your landlord is in on the game. I take no responsibilities for making you homeless!
. reports from Falk camp that people don't appear to know AP called it for Barrett, some 10 minutes afterward.
just got the latest EW. It has Adele on the cover. Apparently, to mark an anniversary of when putting Adele on the cover would have been ok.
Andrew & cesar have the same scent loll
LAKE SHOW!!!!! Meeeooowwwww! Just a few more minutes!
I dont know what to do..... Im confused...... I dont want to hurt her feelings but.....aaghhhh dammit
CDC now recommend all entering college for the first time are vaccinated against meningococcal meningitis.
RT Off to exercise, missed some this morning. Will be back to check on you all.
Thanks for following me.
great presentation at the
Pshh right. Like I'd miss the #idol tour. I'll be front row ;)
Term White Hispanic didn't exist before Zimmerman came along. They need to the word "white" in there or the story fizzles
Only we can make our life what we truly want it to be, ask for direction and you will get it, not following it is the problem not the answer
some saturday night sampling
u think thats the 16 we should go with?
I always forget that pausing/fast-forwarding/recording television is possible until I come home
haha way to go Alex!
Happy #FF , , , , Have a great weekend.
Follow to get a chance to win a autograph picture of one of our past starting 6 players! Help her get to 100 followers!
Turns out fork-ear was Sam, not
RT Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't. /via
Little 5 has arrived!!!
