Carterette Series Webinars. No room for it in last tweet. :D
I WANT TO HOEEE! But my mom wont let me :(
. I could go $200 on that, more for #dabears of coarse!
haha I miss you too! Gracie is beautiful by the way Elizabeth was showing me pics in school I wanna meet her soon!
HFC would like to welcome our new students to the January session! We're all happy to see your smiling faces!
Crystal City/Dupont Circle/RFK Stadium
Being up this early makes me sick to my stomach.
Reminds me of Dorothy Parker and friends but would this be the Bwarie Table, instead?
It crackin like a muthafucka @ elcispe! I'm faded faded faded my nigga I'm faded
definitely. He has such a smooth voice. Then again, most country singers do haha.
Today: 49,904,336 SSRN downloads. We have just over a week to hit 50 million before the end of the year!
Don't start remembering me . . . When your forgetting her . . .
i'm soo sleepy.
Thursday: #GreyGoose & presents | LADIES, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 to receive Open Champagne Bar.
J.p morgan...back at it again....whos gonna suffer this round......
wearing my Nirvana shirt today.
No legs, No box out = NO HUGE Defensive rebound. Could be ball game.
Do all dentist offices have that funky smell to them?
Trying to schedule a concealed carry course for this Sunday to accommodate some people. Should be plenty of room if anyone is interested.
It's easier to give it to someone else than to receive it yourself
Some people seriously have some nerve - Look in the mirror stupid trash.
Woohoo! Belated congratulations to you! Something to celebrate tomorrow. :-)
I want to wish my mother a Happy Birthday today . I love you !
I try to hold your hand but you'd rather hold your grudge..
eeepppp thank u!! So excited
Thanks for the support!!
Be careful taking a walk down memory lane
good luck to in Seattle
*tear* So proud! RT : Applied for grad , ordered My cap & gown AND Tomorrow I start intern.....
Going hopping for my dress :))
Congrats!! ": My Luke Skywalker RoTJ costume was cleared by Council today as official canon..."
IEBC: K12 & #highered instructors find cross-sector conversation to be valuable professional development.
haters gon' hate
thanks! All is well except for the lack of giant Weinerschnitzel. ;-)
Yes - but only coincidentally. There is a SF convention in Orlando, OASIS 25, that I'm going to that weekend. :-)
All Tebow has ever done is win !!
God Bless you too !
Depression doesn't really hurt. Not like that.
lol ill get my sad song on for now then
Laser therapy is a deep-penetrating laser light that allows relief of pain through the release of endorphins & stimulates cell repair
we will see soon enough
haha nope! i actually cried watching the preview to next weeks episode!
Boxes arrived Friday....pretty sure I can find corkscrew in 15 minutes...but didnt want to wait that long.
I showed him my Tazmanian Devil tat
It was so great for our students to visit Tufts yesterday!
I can't tell you exactly when we're going to be getting them in, BUT we expect them to be in about 1 1/2 months from now :-)
Yes, I am having red velvet dingdongs for brunch. Judge me all you want.
You're in good company. Yeats misspelled 'professor' on an application for a professorship at TCD. But he didn't get the job.
WTF! Hunter might see that movie and my mom wants to an ugh! U need to come
So do I
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate GUY: "So you picking up the tab right?"
Working on my first album release right now
#Str8LykeDes.... When you think can't nun mess up your day no matter how good it is..
it is pretty fun. I'm on it more than Facebook, but I wish more friends had Twitter.
SOMEONE TALK IT'S TOO QUIET IN HURR
call your favorite local radio station's request line and ask to hear "Daylight" by Rekapse. let us know if you get thru!
glad I dvr'd todays show...listened but couldn't see how hot looked as santa's little helper
oh yeah ive been pretty swell haha you? :)
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
justin Beiber♥ , idgaf what ya'll say about him . I love him :D
SPI is asking you: If you had the money to do so, where would you want to travel in the world?
he also played a struggle rapper named Horse in How To Make It In America
Soriano looking like shit is making me stay up later than I want to. Earn your paycheck bro.
woo hoo! Just booked my flight! Get in to Green Bay Sat 9/29 at 11:30am
yeah, me either, pretty sure it's just Cum :P
Now we just need to get to 100 followers.
My phone won't tell me when Adam texts me.
lets be for real here...everyone knows I run the house
followed! I got you.
lmao miggy I just tweeted something similar
Create a hashtag for your trade show and make sure to tag all of your photos, videos and posts with that hashtag.
Thank you to all my new mermaid fans out there it is very nice to meet you all : )
How'd you do this morning?!
wow babe! ;p just noticed you posted this! Can't wait to see you tomorrow! ❤
Snoop was busted with weed? I'm not sure in what universe this qualifies as news.
Nothing like Amie's pizza
williams and samuels of Louisville average 31 points between them, have 2 points today
I Didn't Know My Own Strength is one of my favorites too.
Pratt examines many mechanisms Indian law used to keep blacks from tribal citizenship, even weakening own sovereignty
It's like when it's nice out I'm happy
I almost got ran over by commuters while doing lawn work at the Mekong Center, and everyone thinks motorcycling is dangerous.
Given the choice of a #SwampPeople rerun or live #AmericanIdol, the 9 y/o chose Swamp People. That's my girl.
+5. six introduced me to screen 3 years ago. I now use terminals for all the things.
Watching ghost adventures really wnna go to school tomorrow :oo #BOYFRIEND can't wait !!!!
Back to the craziness
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
Planning this party has been stressful.
Just heard a live english man say "chocolate"
“: someone did send booze once." My weirdest: Chronicle Bks sent orange condom. Weirder: I still have it.
why wouldn't you have ice cream and coffee for breakfast?
Must stop drawing things and sleep.
~hot child in the city~
Have u been 2 a headshot event? Were u happy w/ it?
Star wars day? Really? When do the Trekkies get their day? I'll settle for Pens beat Caps day.
ok thanks bro
#FF digital & social media ppl:
Laney College will host a Jobs and Career Expo Friday, May 20 from 9am-3pm
I went to the main library, having called ahead for a book. They had it waiting for me. Oakland is so beautiful, I love it so!!!
did u know there in valley stream rich now
follow me please? I loved meeting you so much at warped in tampa florida! <3 xoxo
Thx Lauren - so good seeing u all! RT successful lamb din w/ !
daylight come & me wanna go home :) have a great day-o :)
“: Approach each new relationship with an open mind, every person is different.” just saying this
It's offical is facebook famous v.v and i'm not lol it's cool :p
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time. -Thomas Merton
Our patrons will receive season brochures in your mailbox in just a few days.
i knooowwwwww , i couldnt even get my hug in!! -__-
Hawai`i Boxing Great joins the tomorrow afternoon after weigh-ins!
these folks got chris paul on clamps smh
I wouldnt call what she does "jumping"
Go play some real chords and call me in the morning.
looking forward to the end of Band camp so the rock and roll can commence and the jams begin
RT IF U WANT TO TALK TO ME:D I'm so lonely, my friendz r gonn!!:(, they left me, wt kind of friendz r they?
"In wilderness is the preservation of the world." -- Henry David Thoreau. Sleep well, yogis.
heyy im not a brat
Why did everyone leave once papers read? Many didn't stick around for questions. Don't we want to discuss?
I was living there cuz of the band I was in :o n yess Vegas blows -___-
It's National Cheese Pizza Day today! Celebrate with the best pizza in town, Camos Brothers Pizza of course
Sikich Celebrates 30 Years of Service &amp; Entrepreneurship - MarketWatch (press release)
RT : MT : Tomm #AmericanU names Pres. Bill Clinton #Wonk of the Year. Better luck next time &
Plus the Bear
it's a show on abc about a group of girls from Dallas and they are all into church
um - what is THIS?? how did i miss seeing mr. peter coviello join the convo?
. Wrong spin. The CHE's not against free speech. They just asked Riley to take hers somewhere else.
Character matters; leadership descends from character
I don't know if I can wait till summer for the next show. Irregardless ill be there.
My original point: labor force dropped by about 5k since Jan '11, but # of employed people is up by >23k. More people working=good
QB5: You have to run both sides of operation: business side and editorial sides. Just one and you'll not get it.
Lololol. I know who.
You were right. I'm not happy about this.
Lots of ads but also movies-latest I remember is Valerie Plame movie. It's nuts: all at once, the place was an outdoor set.
You call a wonderful woman bro? Try using some class... bro.
i want my blackberry back :( my sister is using it because i already have the iphone.... :(
We are #Goosecross club members. All their wines are awesome!
I can only make inferences from my experiences and it seems to me that liberalism uses victimization to justify hate.
Can't wait til 11:11(: 's single = on repeat. Love this boy and this amazing song! (:
A world with stout brownies & heroic acts of Ryan Gosling is one I want to be a part of. Thanks for the sunshine, +
I don't know what I should do. Should I go to school or watch Barca vs Chelsea?
For some reason today things seems so off-balance can't put my finger on it pray for me
she looks like a crack head?
Pinterest for libraries with Joe Murphy
yes , lol. Omg text me , I have something to tell you !
Keep it sweet, keep it slow, let the future pass & don't let go.
Send some my way so I can prove you right
dad, we're men. we like to shit with the door open.
true but I <3 the lakefront, trying to enjoy it while it lasts! gonna haul some ass and get it done so I can get my run on. Thanx!
Happy Hump Day! I can't wait for the weekend, I'm going to do absolutely nothing...
Ppl needs to mind their business..
i might know someone, but they ask that compensation comes in the form of hot dogs. do y'all serve hot dogs?
Off to Madison for the Badger game! Woot!
I went ahead and sent them another email to them. I sent one to Justin, not Erica. Hope she will reply back.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Justin's manhood is trending again. Why? Who knows...lol, but it doesnt surprise me :)
need your number again!
couldn't you use it another day? You deserve some celebration for being a great mom.
" priceless: #safety stays on cause the #kids at home #Daddymode"
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 12
No shame. I love that song. “: For real, I'm listening to SOMEWHERE OUT THERE by OUR LADY OF PEACE #imissyourpurplehair”
im s daughter! She reccomended u watching with her
it will feel like Christmas when i can call you my own.
I never heard of it but I can't I have after school
If you get hung up on stuff you don't fully understand you are liable to be stung
Exhausted and considering playing dead at my desk today.
strictly FFL angle - you like Blackmon on Jax? That QB situation is frighteningly bad.
New session. Power of the Purse: How Corporate Procurement is Influencing Law Firm Selection.
RT #mlamobiletech TRUTH! Easy mobile access= happy patrons! Molly Knapp
But who needs love when you have money??
OK... So, I suddenly get about 20 or so followers... just out of the blue. Something at right about this...
Oh no!! ALSO - did you remember to get your camera????
I'm so team SAGITTARIUS some off ain't rapped to tight tho clears throat lol
Gm beautiful
It still cracks me up that the O's got , a California guy, to do the walk or ride PSA on MASN.
i need too hurry up & switch phne companys man. .
thanks for the #FF, u king of the cosmos u
Easy, there. “: Tim Tebow is better than Matt Ryan because Tebow can win in playoffs. No argument.”
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT→ → → ← ← ← I follow back!!ツ
93-86 Heat with 1:05 left. Pacers ball...As often as LeBron handles the ball, he's got only 1 turnover in 42 minutes.
tywebb75: IMO, the timing is right; the excitement is already building! RT ...too early to start the #sla2010 re-tweeter ...
how'd you do today??
We're celebrating 2 years! Free Paella for the first fifty guests tomorrow at Pintxo.
Creative meeting at Nike hq...
Huge, huge jam for Thea
#besthingaboutbeingsingle I rarely have to shave my legs.
omg marry me?
VIDEO: The New Brooklyn Nets Commercial Needs More Jay-Z ...
I'm walking with in the #indystpatricksparade we're between an Irish Wolfhound and the Circle City Derby Girls. Hilarity WILL ensue
not counting stone age axes.
Fear leads to hesitation, hesitation leads to apathy, and apathy leads to resistance.
it's en route! You should have it by this afternoon.
Wasn't that why Hawks got O-Don't-ya?
Is it bad that I never separate my laundry? I just put it all in the same washer
Slowly going insane from being bed ridden...at least I've caught up on #Alcatraz and #SMASH ...
Tyler Posey pointed at them....HOLY FUCK
#CelebrityApprentice - well Trump you cover your politically correct bases...: -
yep yep just dont know where yet
getting down to the WIRE!!! Don't be left without a "Banner for Banner" day.... United Way and Saints fans UNITE! www.worldchampionfans.com
Looking forward to it!! RT : 2nite Celebrate #teachers join Topic: Affirmation 8pmEST on
“: Why is Evelyn in basketball wives if she's with ochocinco?? -.-” Her 1st husband is in basketball :)
I la juuu =) RT night was so fun 😊😄 never fails! Haa
So sad to hear news about Junior Seau. He made such an impact on the #Chargers & SD community. Heart goes out to his family.
Do u mean they should cover up? Use a special room? My dd wouldn't eat w/ a blanket on her head & I don't blame her.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together. Georg Lichtenberg
You looked ridiculously gorgeous last night! Best dressed at the AMA's? I think yes.
happy mothers day everybody ....
YAWN. someone's got A FUCKIN case of the mondays...
People are saying Thursday is best for them. So I'm going to try and have a meet up on Thursday.
Went from 36C in Kuala Lumpur to 28C in Cameron Highlands. Ah.....
Digitally delivered perks. Don't blow your campaign earnings on shipping. Trick is making them juicy.
YEAH BITCHES I JUST FINISHED 8 INDEX CARDS OF FUCKIN RESEARCH NOTES!!!!
oh I'm sorry, I thought you wanted can openers. I must have been mistaken :D
perfect. Thanks for the quick response!
good point. You are doing a great deed
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China. She died at the age of 17
it's pretty cool haha everybody faded
Facebook's big secret was integration with Skype? Way to push the envelope, guys.
I don't follow a lot of politics, but you keep me up to speed. I've said it before. Your one of my best follows.
you go girl!!!
Participated in the Core Data Survey Webinar...very informative and nice job by the presenters Leah Lang and Pam Arroway
Gym time and then Avengers
...and if you do -- in the words of General George S. Patton -- "You'll know what to do." Good luck.
I smile and act like nothing is wrong it's called putting crap aside and acting strong.
Sorry, Emerson.
Yes! I just read an otherwise great YA that fell into that trap. I was a cheerleading who wasn't mean or an airhead. We exist.
Many hands make light work.
Feel super lame about my lack of keeping up with my fav comics. Im only caught up on are Hack/Slash & Morning Glories. Gotta get on it.
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers??????
For the first time in my lifetime, the #Mets win while starting an entirely homegrown lineup. Cautiously enjoying this team.
thats great, send me a pic! can't wait to see!
Autocorrect is hilarious. In a sec not a sex
Visit #educationUSA at #AACRAO11 booth 112. Advisers from Poland, Nigeria & Russia.
Ha! If so, we're using your pictures! You're the master. :)
Looking forward to flying across the room on a trapeze tonight
"My mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat, When you start to walk my way, I forget where I am, cant find words to say"
LOFLing at her telling an ASB story on a talk show. Good shit.
First on the list of things to do? Check in thru Foursquare. I'm the Mayor!
glad to meet you and look forward to learning more John 3:16
Lets go Dirk!
My icon is actually, the sexiest thing. Eh' ;)
ttp://www.cinemasinfo.com/web-directory.html Bollywood Directory, Hollywood Directory, Tollywood Directory, Entertainment Directory
Testing the new OHMS Oral History indexing feature on interviews this morning. Awesome!
The producer of Pimp My Ride killed his wife in the building I was in!?!!
girl don't tempt me , you know I can be to pcola in 2 seconds lol
Yarrow: The eyes of the world are upon you my friends...you are there in NY today. You are in San Francisco.
looks amazing!
#liber2011 Migration: danger of losing semantics. Emulation: cannot do NEW things.
At Bottlecraft enjoying a Dogfish Head Flight. #craftbeer Fanfreakintastic
I will be in boot 4045 tomorrow at SDCC. Come by and meet me.
You left caps lock on again.
that's fantastic! seems to me the 'baby steps' approach will work. there will be struggle, crying, then - we're walking
Don't forget to vote in the Your Way to Beautiful™ Makeover Contest for your chance to win a Flip Ultra Camcorder. www.mkmakeovercontest.com
We need more runs, let's hope Chen can hold up
Crisis averted. I'm no longer
I have said this 4 years. I call it the "sugar-baby diet". I don't understand either, but it happens to me too.
Class of 2012: Take your job seriously, not yourself.
Gonna cuddle up to my Jack Skelington plush and nap(:
Whoa..Donna Summer died?
This is going to be so cold, so dirty, if 24 puts up a game winner here.
The process of true spiritual education is gradual. Slow but sure. Since its results do not show up immediately hardly any take to it.
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
lol at all the guys at my school..
thanks for sending folks to !!!!! And happy new year!!!!!
Android plays pokemon
Of course you do, hahaha miss ya already !
red wine and claim jumper's chocolate motherload cake..the best cake evvveerrr..<3 junk day!
Favorite #oscars moment so far: the editors apologizing for not being good at speeches by saying "we're editors."
": Amelia island. It's near Jacksonville" hope you have a blast! Wish we could do #pensacola, maybe next year
Um... The part about the gun? ;)
If you have a speech impediment and you play Scrabble, are you allowed to play your W's as R's?
where can I find more info on the $100,000 Gates Foundation Grant?
And I almost forgot: Happy Pi Day! What's your favorite place in #Indy for pie?
I wanna get my mom the best gift.. But I don't wanna fucking go shopping -.-
which iconic Boyz follow u?(:
Im Texas Trill :)
man, thank you so much for the glowing appraisal of or EP. Not sure what to say. We really appreciate it.
Im so fuckin far in this game that ion even sleep tha same
RT : what is IMC? stands for'Integrated marketing communications' the art & science of making it all work seamlessly
HAHAHAHA! I'm gonna buy that fucker some drum sticks if he doesn't do it himself! xD
Portland, where young people go to retire.
how come I don't know about this... Omg. Thanks. Lol
at the UT Black Faculty & Staff Assoc. MLK Luncheon... William Powers (UT Prez) is speaking!
it's going to be so exciting to see all the work that's been completed! Our generous donors rock it!
RT : RT : TOP PLACE of the week to visit is BLUE LAGOON! The steamy waters are part of a lava formation. The...
Making pink lemonade cookies <3
I'm just a country boy
why hello! XOJ
Are you watching Die Hard, or just that far from civilization?
Wrapping up a couple crazy weeks of sessions including some late night vocal tracking with R. Kelly!
dude I just got back from a photo shoot and still suffering from dehydration:/,id rather not(:
what time can I come over
WHats going on tonight #Denver ?
Yes... I will be using that 20% off entire purchase coupon at Michael's today
Calm down people... Long way to go.. we got all excited last season and then mudslide.
I know! It's a win! I get yummy cupcakes for coworkers birthday and I get to support a business.
My mom ruins everything.
You already kno doe.
better late than never... I'm doing good, thanks
Wow You Should Remember
Side note yoga outdoors looking up see an eagle flying above Rva
Victor Cruz Is Doing Good Tonight
gahhh , i hate ppl !.
Today looks like a great day to go to thee beach.(:
that was directed to you. whoops.
Sending late night texts about cats!
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
The only #winning thing Tony Romo ever did was wife up #carrieunderwood and then he dumped her.
It has been a month now since we lost Ryan Dunn so sad :( R.I.P RYAN DUNN we all miss u!!!
Never will I ever forget you.
I am so easily frightened. Just got freaked out reading A Great and Terrible Beauty. It's not even supposed to be a scary book. XD
I live in Washington State, USA. I used to live in Hawaii. I hope you have a happy monday too.
Its ppl like #AdamGreen that give Liberals/Dems a bad rap. >%of Libs/Dems are not as far-left as Green thinks.
ah we need more followers! help? :)
Vendor Pricing: Subscription vs PAL (perpetual access license) ProQuest Webinar. Own it for awhile or own it forever
World: I am in the market for a new pair of pants. Recommendations welcome.
Christine Borgman: "The whole idea of reusing data is dependent on a trusted provenance model" that doesn't exist yet
do they know you by name?
At this graduation chilling..
Hi everyone! Don't forget to add #TalkToTony to your tweets.
this is great! The finale was epic! “: Hawaii Five 0 Pilot & Finale available for free on Itunes US. #H50”
I don't even plan on studying
we should get 1 of those heart necklaces n all take a piece,I want the middle so its jagged on both sides
Worst part is when you need the fakes the most, that's usually when you find out who they are. When they need you, its all love
what skills do we teach that will transfer to other classes, beyond grad, to personal life?
why i got this old lady in my class tryna fit in wit the young folk...dat b to funny, i jus wanna tell her its not that
Addicted to
I put out for several days for the parents as I know they needed it to feed the young one. I thought it would just die.
I truely believe God sends us angels. Some to watch over us, to protect us, And one to spend the rest of our lives with❤
Caution to drivers - CHP reports 3 dogs are running into traffic lanes on south I-5 at Via de San Ysidro.
You have no idea what I had to give up to be here this hour. I guess Pinterest will need to wait 60 minutes
In the car with tiffany sheika and kaleb
RT : Mobile Device management Headlines Enterprise IT Concerns--should mobile transition from personal to enterprise?...
Thank you! You sound psychic - hope you're right :)
i didn't get a platinum bundle... oh well! Justin, wanna help me get one? just kidding!
Too bad Andy couldnt get run support today..bad job by the Yankees making kevin milwood look like cy young!
Skinny ties have been in since 2004....why is the professor more jig than the students.
A little.
Can anyone recommend a good polka compilation?
Kevin Hart is the man lmaoo
i miss austin.
Do Jewish vampires avoid crosses or Stars of David?
Never ending, your glory goes beyond all fame
“: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY!” thanks love!
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
Thanks and happy Friday!
Or a sandwich?
On my way into town to see the Radio City Christmas Spectacular at the Wang Theatre with Mom.
The competition looked stiff. I hate competition. It’s one of the seven warning signs of work.
Watching the Lakewood Officer memorial, wish the tv anchors could quit talking.
LA Sheriff Lee Baca is all over this. We have his full support.
scorpions, eagles, boston, .38 special, phil collins, peter gabriel....stuff like that I like...
Writing scholarship essays that are due tonight at midnight
Love meeting people on twitter!!! Some are seriously the sweetest people ever!!! ❤
that really sucks lol ... I'ma be DOIN ME
Why did I go to sleep do early??
IF U NEED A JOB P IMAGE, and P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS has a job 4u no out of pocket expense its simple u produce u get paid studio5one2
Fifty Shades Darker left me wanting for more. 😠 MUST READ FIFTY SHADES FREED.
Wow..nice, I'm SCARED of you! lol
How can we get married if we're already married? :p
Feature: Set in Stone: Reviving the Romblon Marble Trade - Philippine Information Agency
let me know what you think of it!! I'd love to chat sometime and hear your thoughts :)
When does season 3 start?! :)
I feel like there needs to be a tab wrangler app- but I don't know what it would look like or what the hell it would do.
Where's everybody gonna be on Easter Sunday?? How about with us and ! A great day to be hungry!!
What do you do when u catch writer's block???
Kirra -- 1000th follower? That is SO cool. :) Very yay (and connecting with a kindred spirit sister, too).
take a picture 📷😄
Happy International #StoutDay! Bottoms up!
Can anyone teach me how to ballroom dance?
#ILoveMyMother because she been through alot with me && my sis && she has always been there for me thats why I luv her ! :)
What is small cell carcino... 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
i want to move to green bay so bad! #greenbayelite! <3
I just posted on my new #sports blog. Little League Majors try outs went great
The text I just got >>
my back killing me :/
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Canada. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
Remember to "like" us on #fb too!
I have to ask my very favorite healthy food blogger for tips on good gluten free bakeries in #Chicago! Any recommendations?
Hightower back in press trying to create turnovers. Lakes up 36-32.
email me at kevin dot merritt at socrata dot com. Happy to share how we support / plan to support 4 key geo data publish models
no, going camping, then baseball and state fair on sunday. Are you?
Yay!!! Its going to be such a great update to the neighborhood!
Reminds me of Nancy Sinatra. (Not necessarily a good thing, but still... ...)
When I look the best is when I'm at home with nobody to see.
#BOYiWantThatSanpBack YES PLEASE!
Its hot in Texas, Geez! Guess I better not complain though. Wore a sweater out of Charlotte this morning.
yeah but they dubstep like im working my EP with some kid name Felso but if you give me a few weeks i got you lol
It's Tuesday & that means team trivia presented by tonight at 8:00! $$, prizes, 75 cent wings & great drink specials all week!
fuck you too and enjoy the little bit of snow out there.
Romney #dodge on Tax Records Release "Time will Tell"? No way! What are you hiding?
We know it's nice to relax at the end of the day. Come Wine Down if you're staying with us.
no problem! :) &i told her you were like the biggest little monster ever & that she needs to follow you!
whens it due?
oh gosh! That's not bad at all...
I expect you heard already, but still in ATL. Also in SF!
Thanks for following! I follow back when asked ;)
The dollar is only 70 cents to the Euro right now which really adds up. We're sticking to third world vacations for a while!
Hello from Miami, FL! RT : Only 81 more days till we join numerous events happening worldwide.
Why the hell was i following Lady Gaga O_O (no offense to fans)
Happy Easter!
makin my fruit loops like downright shabby
Trust your faith in what you believe!
Happy 10 months, handsome. ❤! I love you, too. :')
If the Cougs can beat Utah today... Next weeks Apple Cup will be even better!!!
Bout to go run and extra 2miles with
RT : Dear Mother Nature: do not mess with this weekend. Please and thank you.
will u ever follow me or even call me?(I can give u my number) I love u with all my life jb!!
no as mobile is a whole different standard
My favorite! Slide for the extra yard!
lol eww your butt stinks, close the door!
is the culprit, not me! RT : i'm sorry, but yolo?
Celebrate #shoplocal with TKG Music Group! Tickets to all December shows are on sale NOW at tkgmusicgroup.com!
MT RT almost lakerstime going to watch the game while i tweet-love Lakerholicz! ...<DITTO...watching Yanks too!
Well im your follower cuz youre extremely cute. And you seem really sweet. I followed you after Justin followed me Im YOUR fan;)
It's unfair #clippers forced to play with vinny del negro handicap
i actually really like your hair. you can pull it off, not many people can pull off a hair cut like that(:
There are some ppl you should never ostracize from your life. Make amends before its too late. Egos aside. Work it out.
maybe. Maybe not. ;)
Dr. Why so nervous? Patient: This is my first operation. Dr. Really? Mine too.
you are so beautiful!!
saw This means War tonight... i didnt think it was possible but Chris Pine might be out... Tom Hardy is bloody gorgeous. :swoons:
Getting up at 5:20am to watch the sunrise is nice in and of itself, but getting a cake out of it makes it priceless.
I'll join the chorus, congratulations on your new role hitter!
great what? Lol
I will probably not get pregnant this year.
Sun is Shining..... weather is sweet here, making you wanna move your dancing feet..... >> BOB
god, thats awful. RIP to those people.
Stones? Glass houses?
It's just in our Craft Pack for now, but we'll look into it for next year. Glad you're enjoying it!
should i keep on begging him :/
eat a handful of your own poop?
"Have no fear of perfection--you'll never reach it."
If anything you'll should know Obama has favor with the Lord.
Safe travels! Was a real pleasure wking w/ you at last week!
Thank you for the shout out :)
Also, we have a new, lower rate for coaches to enter this year. Over 50% savings over last years fee. Don't miss out on recruiting the best!
I hate how you would do anything for someone, and they could care less. That's when u know your
yay for friendly faces in the crowd!
its cloudy outside ):
": Yees he is!! & he is just 20! Lol RT : Is it just me or is Leonard REALLY cute??!" I've seen cuter, lol :-P
really? theyll ticket me for biking on the sidewalk in the heights? right! i yelled back AND YOU BETTER CURB YOUR DISGUSTING DOGS
Just to yank my chain
Haha, dude, it's character day.
That is great news! I'll be there for 2 classes tomorrow :)
There is a difference between "vintage" and "dirty"
#ArentYouTiredOf everyone wearing the same thing? Be your self and set your own trend.
Just because they are called "tramp stamps" does not give you the right to lick them without permission
Just started working on the intro to our video.
Hah..tweeting the answer as I was writing the Q. Ok, so that's the way to go...
Great day today We're unleashing a new product -The Unlimited #magnalogix platform just got better. Contact us to find out more 866.460.6611
RT Metta world peace is musty his ankles stink
And maybe during lunch we can meet in person (the analog form of collaboration).
Glance at the sun. See the moon and stars. Gaze at the beauty of earth's greenings. Now, think. - Hildegard von Bingen
Getting sick of being preached at. About to post a bunch of shit about evolution and atheism on facebook
our office daschund Brian is wearing his new plaid Billy Wolf jacket and he looks so sharp!
They're referring to a technique that actually reverses the process of tanning leather.
Okay, I'm going to stop now. I'll continue this conversation in my head.
I think the Madden Curse is confused. Going after #Browns punters this year instead of Hillis. I don't blame him for avoiding Hillis though.
cut them off
“: Our population grew by another 95 people since you started reading this.”
Took me a few hours and a few wasted dollars to figure out, but I am finally watching #marchmadness from my iPad in India.
Is it me or does it seem like every day a new girl is getting pregnant in Rochester...
I made it! I made my boyfriend one too but he's isn't glittery. lol!
It is true. The Texas Renegade is, still looking for Beach Boy Rad. I think I should give him the address to The Arena if the Impossible.
Hopped up on caffeine.
RT : Are you following us yet on Twitter? If not, what are you waiting for???
we can lay in bed all day.
re: why our pencils are so short. That reminds me to buy a golf / eyebrow pencil sharpener from Target.
I hate little girls.
i've read ( bit of professional obligation...) but didn't like. The mother in me has a really hard time w violent death of kids...
The plus side of my recent fits of insomnia is that I may meet my challenge of reading 35 books in 2012 by early June.
The #Denton Hooters girls will be at #CowboysThursday tonight!
Or is an reference inherently self-deprecating? Either way, I feel like a douche.
aye now, take it easy lol
Fight the power Def Jam style!!
#tennislessons in great neck / old westbury / long island i'm your man! shoot me an e-mail
Hooooffffff I done effed up at work today. >>>:((((
Good luck Amber
great thanks
Meditate for 20 minutes a day—it could lower your risk of stress and anxiety by 25% or more.
Out and about today to get things done in the burbs. Diverged a bit for a little journey to the country & deli.
#HOWTO deal w/ a tech insisting your upload speed will jump from 350k (real) to 5M (advertised) if you use IE & not Firefox:
No one cares ;) RT : The hole in my tights is slowly getting bigger.
. Actually, Pres Obama said it was a matter for the States to decide. Which is exactly the same as it is now. Nothing changed.
It was HER idea!
Good idea about the voice/treat correlation. Gonna be very conscious of that.
Thanks, Kimberly! I'm tickled to see Kissing Kelli doing so well :)
Hyatt is so chilly! Will come with more layers tomorrow. Bates--too short a talk, but how cool is she?
Did you cover this when Leland submitted his 13,000 signatures last week?
such a yummy place. Jealous
To the less experienced field person, It is up to the Older Experienced field personnel to take that Person under their wing and train them.
grain, and she ate her fill and had some left over. 15When she got up again to glean, Boaz gave orders to his workers,“You are #Torah 43/
Smh not really!!
Didn't even start the brownies yesterday. Gettin to work. Who coming down? Can't guarantee there will be leftovers.
: I think it's the cell phones and access to the internet. Maybe that keeps people occupied, entertained, pacified, etc..
Wants to go see a movie.
Ugh, it is so cold! It was in the high 70's almost 80's now low 40's -__-
on metro bus 105, which someone(s) has visibly hotboxed
Please follow back.
SWEET!!! GO VIKINGS!!!!
#JazzLinks Student Council members are sitting onstage right now to watch wynton marsalis & jalc play at symphony center!!
@ awe. Thanks Steve. Have a great Wednesday.
Congratulations on your Canada launch!
Its not a serious relationship til somebody get tatd
Weekend, I'm so happy you are near.
Nope, I will have to look for that. At the time I was more Doobies, J. Geils Band, and Aerosmith (oopsie)
Janie, it's going to be rather troublesome
Already following! :) Can I get one anyway! :)
I agree with your statement: Making excuses is the 2nd easiest thing in the world to do.Giving up is the easiest & most common.
Please overlook the idiotic fans and their stupidity. Please know that not all of us are like that.
RT BE SURE TO ATTEND MY "PIECE N UNITY IN OUR BX COMMUNITY CONCERT" THIS JUL SPONSORED BY BX ASSEMBLYMAN "ERIC STEVENSON" DETAILS COM SOON!
Maple is so boring -.-
Is there a site where i can submit my portfolio to the show??
Today, I am starting a 60-day challenge. But I'm not saying what for because I'm secretive, like .....something secretive
Happiness rarely keeps company with an empty stomach. Japanese Proverb
The facial hair too! Trying to get away from that baby face look.
#DrakeSongsILove none he sucks
Thanks for the #FF...Have a great weekend! :-)
um, i stopped my video in the middle of processing.. so now like, the video's still there, but the thumbnail doesn't show?
Hi, my name is Jarvis. I'm the most slept on chef. #26 out of #25 or the 51 out of top #50. #annoying !
Here's to a great 2012!! Looking forward to great things ahead with a great mobile partner
They fall victim to my system
Thanks so much for the webinar! Really appreciate it. Very informative.
Marketers unite tonight! Mad Men is back!
Push ups are easy when you're in the starting position and your stomach is already touch the ground.
Yeah, and dont listen to too much at the same time, listen to Illmatic first, digest it, then It Was Written
hey wanna im nd did u make skype
How Much Are The V.I.P Tickets?
It seems like I always ruin things.
We'll be opening at 10am on Sunday -- stop in and see us while you're at the South Side Irish St. Patrick's Day Parade!
Can't stand black ice, went tits up earlier
get in line for the Brett Favre movie at Monona Terrace right now!
wow i dont understand how you have OH SOO many Haters cus honestly you seem like A TOTALLY RAD dude(:
There are few things worse than spending a night in a hotel room with your parents. My second worst version of hell.
Quote of the day: "Greatness is not given." - Barack Obama
well im outta here bout to roll over and snuggle on my sexy ass boo.what a blessed valentines i hope everybodys is as good as mine.one love.
what grade are you in?
:-) Better to type 90mph than try to drive that fast! Thanks so much for RT.
My mistake. RT : your tweet said 'loss to Bruins'
Aw, man, I am really looking forward to a little vacay. Maybe I'll even put a little dent in my 'to-read' list on !
Good win for the bruins
I reside in Big Blue country, but my heart beloings to the Niners.
haven't seen one wearing channel or gucci. Lol
NewMexicoUpdate thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
The only thing keeping me cool right now is the breeze that surprisingly is still cool but Im just waiting on it to become a blow dryer
I forgive people for the reason that I still want them in my life.
A smile is the best curve on a woman! There is no better compliment than leaving a smile on someone's face even after you've walked away...
This weather is fucked up. Pissing me off
Had one hell of a series against UWO. #d3baseball RT : Congratulations to the Pioneers' Trevor Kattre on being named WIAC POTW.
I'M GOING TO KILL NBC.
did you take my phillies P magnet?
#Elementary #SchoolMemories Getting in trouble for using the word "sexy" -_-
just lite this breakfast blunt ..... good morning world
??? English please xx
I'm going to drink wet cement and get really stoned.
Totally agree. I was hoping they'd hire a GM first before a coach when Shanny was fired. Need a player evaluation upgrade
"O, Fairest of the Rural Maids" stood out to me, too. We're hoping to add annotation to the first issue soon.
followed back.(:
Have a safe and happy Halloween!
Turns out my twitter didnt actually send most my replies the last few days. Awesome. So apologies if I didnt get back to anyone!
i have to do halloween costumes today,a libguide, pick new tile for my deck,go to the market,do laundry.. a book a day? how? :-)
what happened?! Text me
#fb Weird dream: driving on the wrong side of the road, got pulled over, desperately pleading with a Scot officer. "Me stupid American!" :/
The Business Book Club meets tomorrow @ 6 p.m. @ Green Valley Lib & will discuss "Blind Spots: 10 Business Myths" by Alexandra Levit.
this girl thinks my dick is going in her
hi Phi man ep 10 had me in tears at the end. how are u? Im doing good
Obviously not the part where all the band sites are on Drupal. The move to Drupal Gardens/SaaS opens up a lot of possibilites.
You cannot make people care about you, love you or be in your corner no matter what's going on.....and that's ok too.
Very kind of you to say and I'm really happy that you enjoyed it!
Slow down, this night's the perfect shade of dark blue <3
Just blew up the Legs!! Feel like Quadzilla now!
hello and u are welcome :) how is your day?
I know she wasnt a Mahomie but please RT this #RIPMaryDirectioner she commited suicide today! Please show your respect! <3
he he he. How do you really feel about it?? ;)
My mom may not realize we've had the same conversation 3 times in 10 minutes, but she knows who I am & loves when I call.
Sadly Edmodocon2012 is on a day I'll be traveling. I was hoping to submit a proposal but won't be able to make it. :-(
Senate Judiciary Committee has OK'd Monroe County DA Mike Green for federal bench.
kick. so the first time in my adult time that i work that i ever got a xmas bonus they were nice enough to garnish it. merry freaking xmas
do you ever use the neti pot or do sinus rinses? They help tremendously.
Music Business class today! Turning in my contract assignment. I think it turned out really good. :)
Uh meant hello Coco!
Thank God Regis & Kathy Lee is on in the jury lounge.
#Headstones can safely be cleaned using plain water & soft brushes (not wire); you can also use D2, which is safe for stones.
awww you are sweet too. :)
We won $2! Let's see... split 4 ways... hm I could get an ounce of olo.
because of you
iTS ALWAYS DA WHiTE BiTCHES iN DA MOViE TO MAKE A STOoPID ASS MOVE LOL
Ouch...over did the booty work outs this week!!!
most grocery store olive bars now carry them. bright red.. spicy and sweet. I adore them!
He is my guilty pleasure, I hope I'm his...
: Enjoyed exquisite late night repast, perfectly executed cucina del mare 's Marea
Speak with meaning and truth
that's spot on!
the stars spell out your name, like in a science fiction novel ;););)
Based on design aesthetic? Not the brand? That's like picking 1 song as your all time favorite!
(a tad late but) GO TURQOISE BEACHEZ!
Hey Simon! Thank you for including me in your Austin Daily! Hope you're doing great.
Ever considered using a call-center service for your dance or fitness studio? We'd love to hear why you have or have not gone for it.
A body can't run on sugar alone ... caffeine is a must ...
LOL I own those and was jokingly considering bringing one to SF ;)
Power back on at 2am. 11 hours in the dark. Never seen it before that scale
Getting ready to watch the
Thinkin about doin some fishing tonight
Another wild-card in the Peyton Manning sweepstakes, HBO's 'Hard Knocks' & NFL Films still mulling possible teams. #BOOM!
What if Wikipedia goes dark and no one notices? Is there an authoritative source to verify it happened or do we just believe anyone?
I hope so. Moved here 3 years ago and would love to see Cleveland do well.
New Video: Violet Mary "Whiskey Drinking Woman" at the 2011 Fairport Music and Food Festival
Keep your Shining Armor, I like mine in Turnout Gear :)
thank you jonny boy
>>>Especially, my mom:). Y'all ladies don't get enough credit for all you do & put up with. Aka ~Fresh~Young CEO
what's on tap? I'd prefer a Belgian white please.
SAN FRAN where's the bridge?
Legs are so sore from getting in touch with my loosyanna roots to the Zydeco band last night
had an awesome first day at the Ohio Historical Society.
did you go to that google plus thing?
hopefully saturday night ill be alert and have sunday off. pray for it
Falling a sleep while trying to write a 10 page paper.. i think its time for 5 hour energy drink
That's sick. Fulltone pedals are amazing.
Why ? Cause she cause she got that BOOMERANG pussy !
hope all is well brother...big fan here on east coast, keep telling it like it is
That woman that came on the mic to tell us to wait longer is such a tease!
great news!
Take A Picture Or Something .
has two new books, yummy food, and fabulous company for Movie in the Park tonight. :)
LIVE NY HOUSING SPECIAL: get a HOUSE for the price of subletting a bedroom in NYC and have fun with Eddy Murphy in your neighborhood.
really excited :)Follow me <3
That awkward moment when you've already said your goodbyes, and then the elevator doors take forever to open.
haha! I look forward to meeting him someday. :)
Me and my bffl broke her closet shelf by sitting on it me and her both feel fat now! Hehe
lmao ! That's funny did you say anything to him?
Anyone need 1 ticket to the Denver Burger Battle tonight?
thanks for the shoutout's everyone! hoping the result goes our way this weekend.. it's a massive one!
- iWon't Ever Forget What We Had, Even if were not together. i love you.♡
Health/safety issues should be covered during orientation in traditional AND non-traditional spots
and I thought it was just me! Sometimes I try not to care.
(cont) get it?
Wat up twitters!!!!!!
thank you kind sir
worked this time! The never ending mysteries of the cyber world. Thanks.
Just lookin out for ya broski. Only the good die young, but only the young die good. Fuck dying at 90, I'll live when I'm 20.
Favorite Superbowl commercial?
Yes! RT : Way to pull it out Brewers!
gameESC.com is not available at the moment. Maybe all the excitement about Ghostbusters caused our host's, IPower, machines to explode.
do we know yet if Ringer was renewed?
i have a complaint to make. on the back of your BOP issue for june/july it says "16-year-old Cody" im sorry but he is 15.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil. ~ Marcus Aurelius
I think I'm going to create a list of rules that one must abide by in my personal space...break a rule, pay a fine.
Eating or drinking before you go to bed disrupts sleep. Especially alcohol.
In 2007 MD G.A. approved 15,000 slot machines at 5 locations; adding a 6th (PG) location would not increase the overall number of machines
Im not the best on the mic but i can give a good show write good lyrics and perform with great energy ...iamdroid
You can never be happy as someone's other half, unless you can be happy as a whole all on your own.
Finished 's Ready to Launch...it's a must read. Straightforward yet full of personality. Crosby, you truly inspire me!
there were walkways and lockers where the cafe seating area is now... Smh. I miss that ODU. *pours out liquor*
haha! We were talking about that master p video today, its a perfect song for a slam dunk contest.
C'mon everybody! Lets get to 200k :-)
So the common thread appears to be that they are both Christians.
on my other account look who I'm talkin to besides you
Personally, I've never cared for it. But then again it's a Shounen manga series and I usually read Shojo.
Weekend, why did you take so long to get here?
im currently dealing with it and taking it day by day...like a real man :-)
good stuff. Thanks!
Ready to play some golf in this beautiful weather! Check out this weekend's tournaments on our website at www.gocmn.org
Thanks, , for following. Did U see La Traviata at Met Sat? What did U think of set?
any good nduja recipes?
I get my brother back today! Well, one of them. we
“: In the German army, heterosexual and homosexual soldiers are legally free to have sex with each other!” -
What a great day. :)
and your research assignment was submitted with plenty of time to spare!
-- might be interesting to compare with java 7's new FS api as well as compare with apache commons' VFS.
Martha isnt home,time for party :p
what?! Lol how?
Well the Dbacks are gettin Killed
I'll call u after my practice.
Thanks for mentioning the The Trip on the podcast. It great, I wish there were more episodes!
Per "Language is in the contracts to prevent companies from sending jobs from contracts to other countries."
the Philly Olympic tri on June 24th! I need LOTS of help actually, haha
Springfield, MO and , we have arrived!
I like "Elisabeth's bus." The E Bus. The E Train. Liz Lift.
"Oh, mirror in the sky - What is love? Can the child within my heart rise above?" ::fleetwood mac::landslide::
The #FAU commit, Esteban Puerta draws a walk to load the bases for American Heritage in the bottom of the fifth. Pompano Beach leads 3-1
If it wasn't for Verlander, the #tigers would be undefeated still. Trade him for prospects!
Listening to Boys II Men and I immediate thought of
Thanks, ! We hope that you can join us for the action
Can't wait 4 February's event!
the father is
Don't suffer alone there are cash buyers out there looking to invest and help people move on in their lives. Contact me for information
If you're trying to score, you should #1 buy her that drink you promised & #2 remember her effing name, dumbo! You just blew it with Minnie!
happy birthday!!!
Don't forget the is open tonight! Let us deliver you your McDonalds, Taco Bell, etc...to your door! 765-209-4070
RT : 10. Their identity is more blurry 11. They are very stressed out
Not yet but I hope so.
Stanton is a beast...pure beast.
Thinking.... I can't do what I'm wanting to do just can't
no problem, are you up to anything exciting today?
Gonna watch all the twilight movies with munchies & cokeC:
It's absence/presence of wheel that is interesting to me, & how habitual learning might happen based on that
Just got to watch my niece's dance competition online. Not quite as good as being there but love that I can watch from CA. More tomorrow.
When people go to the movies just to make out, i dont know about you but i paid 8$ so ima watch this movie!
The firm resolve of a determined soul.
did u and jay break up?
He always leaves me with a smile #sohappy 😍😊
hoping to raise around $7000 thanks to & and all our donors!
#WinWinSituation the new Trend
n is my muthafuckin niggas I swear....
Commission votes to adopt final Congressional district map.
Sunday can't get here quick enough ! I need it !
Dear women of all races & persons of color I hope you realize that being against equal rights for Gays, and Lesbians is bigotry
who you like in the players this weekend
Looking for time tracking and project management software for the team 6 people, track time, job #s, etc. Base Camp? What else?
“: I swear I haven't been crying... it's my allergies. #bratproblems” #biggestlieever how many times have I said that
It's so MF hot in my room right now.
no she's not here
Like I said, this is going to be a game of bad ref calls.
if you really want to go, ill spot you until you get paid.... this is the best way to see craig (acoustic and playing so ...
I got a weekend deal! Duct cleaning, santizer, water heater sevice, electrical inspection all for $475 ask me how to save another $25
Do you need air purification we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
we are working on getting a new version of MyDateIsHere (MDIH) new version
Its a beautiful day #Denver! What does your day hold for you?
S/O to #FWM we moving
Come in Halloween costume today's 5:00 show of MetroStage's "The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) and get $10 Off the normal ticket price
Well hello Susan...how are you?
huh interesting ... I'm watching TV, just posted interesting to b watching when recently unemployed...
getting ready to be making #sandwiches down at LeVerdes on MIT's campus. Who's
Chef Daniel Boulud sues over trademark infringement - New York Daily News
yay! How is it going? Bring home lots of pretty food pics!
Don’t settle for anybody, just so you can have somebody. Be patient
it's proven by science and countless social experiments.
i cant sleep D:
interesting, thanks for passing this along.
#ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction Danny is never on a bed. Always the couch. Lol
Spend a lot of time speaking to buyers face to face. You'd be amazed what number of companies don't listen to their buyers.
Oh yes! RT : Lavender Epsom salt bath......THE BEST!
5most important days in a girls life are birth, first date, sweet 16, senior prom and wedding
Presentations starting on #buildmadison projects at
could be time for peace too. Word
I'll be in NJ in June. Let's hook up and party.
you have 2 left hands
wow what a night u had. And is that a Hitachi magic wand there I see there on the corner?
melting bday cake
Old school! You ever play Diablo?! - Alex G.
A stranger should always give another 100% respect, the other then decides what to do with it.
eh. I'll let it be known. Book club Monday for the first book has a "pleasure party" theme. It's gonna be hysterical. ;)
I am going! MT : Join Madison Social Media Club #madisonsmc for our #Meet&Greet for Board Members. May 1 6 - 8 pm at Wandos.
down & out- dedication
no clue. I know I love Stubbs as a CF, and still believe in his power/speed/defense combo
I have to just get sleep and be alone. My mind runs a mile a minute about trina. I love you sis
"Our life is made by the death of others." -Leonardo Da Vinci
CHICO'S ANGELS in San Diego.....our last weekend!
Countin down!!!!!!! #cannotwait “: Can't wait to see again!”
Happy birthday! Enjoy the cruise. Tell Greg and Stacy I said, "What up." I'm sorry they didn't get a better chef than Jason.
Looking forward to being a part of the professional development today for the Enjoy helping all student-athletes achieve dreams.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. ~ Frank Sinatra
Agree to disagree, Mr. Martin. I do believe there was some boosting involved.
Gretchen denies her lip injections, but I don't believe her.
Now that I think about it, my life is boring! Home, church, HEB. Those are basically the places I go to
r u probably goin back to wwe or retiring.
also special after party invite for lovely people like you that mention slake on twitter between now and saturday.
Hell everyone would! Well atleast mostly the ppl who actually really love Vinny and them
What up UBeezy! Congrats on the 4year Chi annivesary!!!
Self pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in the world. - Helen Keller
How about them fuckin red sox!!! f the yankees!!! Haha shouts to
I think so - lol - RT : "I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult." - Rita Rudner
Just found out there's a model out there that has my name.I wana meet her, she sounds cool.Anywy criss Have a great nite! luv u
What up, u intergalactic funkateer? Today is Clyde Stubblefield's b-day. Give him a twitter shout out.
LMAO weirdo's!! It's prolly ur cute name!! ;)
(C) to switch me? Wow. Not cool. I actually was starting to feel more confident about myself but I know going to that sschool is going (c)
Lunch on Tuesday? I can come there or you can come here? I'm friend with Xavier so I wouldn't mind saying hi :)
Currently listening to 's piece on about bass music culture
It's ai'ight.
have you thought of the corson building in Georgetown? It's a little different
How many of those 20 mil Google+ 'users' are going to be gmail users that try it out once and then become largely inactive?
congrats to the winners of Indie City awards!!!
Could everyone that uses the word "retard", or makes fun of disabled ppl or children pls raise your hand so I can go ahead and unfollow now?
Hey, sorry for the problems, we're seeing them on our end too, and working on a fix.
RT : Client Profiles to be 'Business of the Game' tonight at Turner Field! Go Braves!
Idk why u are such a bitch in the morning.. Jst leave the house already
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Christian Community Credit Union
bahahahaha! I need some money to do my pageants!
It's going to be awesome!
My maxim for life: I�m responsible for my happiness and you yours
True. But at least you have options.
I know your heart's in the right place.
I haven't torrented anything in forever.
Indy needs startups focused on innovation and creating new products, not creating low-skill, marginal "tech" jobs
-!~.!. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
thank you love
You're in luck because turds is a word, according to Twitter, and I will continue to tweet at you. So there.
Fantastic meeting with and Get ready for the student section next year fanatics
what part of cali do you live in?
I lost 15 pounds on the photoshop diet
Okay, I don't understand girls.
#WhitneyHouston RIP I still cannot believe this!
I love that point... But also, it may be hard to really understand it without learning to code! or maybe zen calligraphy
I was crying so much and was raping the repeat button! Di crying had me in tears even moe! Can't believe its happening! :O
On the Detroit Free Press, the Detroit Lions are supposed to go 9-7 this year. One of the losses is to the Raiders. Ya right, we going 10-6.
Just watched kill a bug so large it's next step in growth was to take over the world.
In 1981, Pope John Paul II was shot and seriously wounded in St. Peter's Square by Turkish assailant Mehmet Ali Agca
Not just A thing, but THE thing. Yeah, I'm old, too. RT : Remember when ICQ was a thing? I feel so old.
This room is hot as hell go for one of our old home made ice packs right about now #goodlooks👊
LOVE IT! The new rookie contract limits are making this a real event!
like, the first thing i thought when i saw you was: "is he as cute as he is in his pictures?" lol. :p
come see me tonight at the Raccoon lodge in SW Portand. Tell the hostess to send me your way.
I'm on my way to find you.
LIVE FROM THE "ORCA"!
he tweeted he landed in new york
what's your youtube name?
I've been playing around w/ #googlemusic - 1st I thought I couldn't find the download button because I was having a brain fart. Nope...
My Teacher Was Eating Gold Fish and It Remember Me Of (;
that should change! And thank you 😊🐷
on mine, as well
That 5 year plan she outlines depicts that she really does have an infantile faith in neo-liberal markets.
me too!
Hey! Thanks for listening!! :)
Scared in a "literal" sense?
Leaving Austin. Great weekend. Thanks
If there is a finer vegetarian restaurant in the US than Himal Chuli in Madison WI...
hehe...my goal is to be at 4 miles again by the end of the month
A nontweeter's proposed tweet: 'Still nervous & using humor to paper over a sense of oblivion.'-D. Guion (Seems like he'd fit right in, eh?)
What a beautiful morning God has given us on Mothers Day. Sunday, May 13 is gorgeous! Now stop reading this & go say, "I Love You Mom!" 😊🌹
Lol I choked at your tweet. lol nigga you are too funny. Oops I meant cute.
wish it wasn't raining so i can go for a run.
mine is smooth criminal by michael jackson
I actually moved my vacation next week to cover DWTS.
Sending Extra Extra Love 2 You .. I Hope it will cancel out the weird masochistic vibe those crazy dudes Send WTF SMH ..
Gosh... This sucks..
About 2 go 2 Nike Outlet & see if I can get a deal on all the ugly clearance shorts & shirts. Loving the fact
Will do. Keep up the stellar work! RT glad you like our ! If you have any board ideas - let me know! :)
can't wait until March 3rd. Hopefully she doesn't snap your arm off
Catch me by Demi lovato describes my emotions perfectly right now <3
k mine is the same as my twitter name!
You know one thing I like about camara phones. It always show proof of what you are doing that day or point of time. Without it, then what?
Blood, sweat, and point made...
RT : Keep both hands free to catch some beads, the parade is making its way down 5th at #SDMardiGras!
thanks for the RT - wish I could take credit for it :) Miss you.
Bartenders are nothing but a but a bunch of sado-masichists.
Im aint really in to frugs but fuck it.. im gonna take a trip and love it. <3PINK<3
on Demi's facebook page! :)
Enjoying the great Valentine's Day weather here in San Diego? Get ready for a change. Looks like rain starting Wednesday.
Do you want to feel slimmer before Xmas? Sudatonic Infrared Slimming and Toning body wraps only $50 until New Years!
Thanks! I just found from you!
I think I probably agree with that statement regardless the level of overratedness you think likeability has.
You know I speak the truth and nuthin' but it
#BasicEconomics - A seller of a product/service can only charge what a buyer is willing to pay.
Where the hell you been at I hit you on voxer but I ain't get no reply
Oh no! Lost the live feed. Can't get back on. Server over capacity! I guess that's good! Lots of people watching!
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa.
hahahha no way not what i totally meant hahah gross!
Rockies are finally going to win their first road series of the year in Pittsburgh this weekend - mark it down! 3 in a row...
It's Friday!
: Hi Mommy, love you!!!
Happy Founders Day to All My Sorors of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Much Love and Many Blessings!!!
#HAF know what it is
Thanks for the RTs, and Happy Friday to you!
Correction! This director will be getting NO sleep! -JO
And then these guys think its funny to mess with me right now
Your #garden is calling you - don't let it go to
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.<3
Congrats to the #NYRangers on an INSANE win!! Big Shout to & The whole Bounce Sporting Club fam was there!
Come to see us. We have our special on pizzas on Sundays It is a great Wine bar in downtown Chicago!
A Narcissus does not fall in love with his reflection because it is beautiful, but because it is his^.^
Hate being unemployed been here in the state of washington for a year and nothing
Don't believe that the weather is perfect the day that you die
These Refs is sum bitches too
going to a movie screening, but it will be waiting for me on my DVR. :)
At the mall with
Waiting sux...10 more minutes til I get stabbed multiple times...
NEvEr! StYing with a virgin!again!only play depressing music!i cant help but call virgins out!!put them all one island!!
but we're due for a retrace in my opinion
Just saw Bruno. At least 5 people walked out. I thought it wasn't as bad as I expected.
Mark Hoverson Rocks! Wow!
Totally got myself today. Looking for a Capital Investment Project I found the "Buy Sweet Thing Initiative". +1 2010 Kevin.
Time 4 us to stop being selfish and focus on making the world a better place as a whole! Lifes too short
if this is how the brewers whole year goes its gonna be exciting, stressful, and probably but hopefully not disappointing
this space soon to be taken over by drupal, php, mysql, myhead. need to make donuts.
happy Easter to the cutest boy in the world (: love you<3
No don't cut ahahahaaaaaa
I love you just please follow me and tweet me I will DM you something that will make you go crazy! (;
Are you there, ? It's me, God-- Margaret.
We are Rollin Wit daRoux...can we roll through NOW( 15 min)
i mean kings. goal. boom.
Sandwich is a very mis-labeled town. The antique stores don't sell antiques and there's nothing general about the general store.
fuck sophomore conversation!
Disco will always live!!!!!!
Poor guy was only "10" away from the first 50 .. ;)
Good morning btw
lol how they are all fake
I kind of wish it was the shoes. That's way more fixable than the brokenness of my post-pregnancy body. LOL
Flyin in tomorrow. I'll hit ya up.
Reppin two gangs and shit y'all Hilarious. It's all or none either you are or you not.
": Sanging "Where U At, Where U at" #Waving" RT: At work, surfing the internet! Shhhhh Dont tell anybody!! Lololol
I'm completely confused by the Survivor "One World" promo. Have no clue what next season is supposed to be about.
Seated and tweeted Chez Billy, where the staff so far gets an A for enthusiasm and a desire to accommodate.
RT : Flavors of the Day for Monday, December 21: Mr Fudgie & Kona Coco Mac --> C'mon you know you want to stop by : )
Area around El Cajon blvd and 70th has the highest percentage of guys walking small dogs I have noticed. What up with that?
Dallas is my New York
April Treasure boxes available this week only through 4/11 great way to stock up on groceries w/ on a budget www.thetreasurebox.org
I'm supposed to Represent!
Looking forward to yet another weekend out of town. This summer has been nothing but and I'm so happy to be home!
Thatsucks. How far behind are they playing?
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the stars refuse to shine.
860 Million: Total number of hours served by AmeriCorps members.
feeling like i have no close friends anymore.
Can any #NCTE12 attendees recall the name of computer program to help tchrs grade papers that was presented in Chicago?
That looks amazing!
Waking up tired <
The regents have just voted to recommend Marc Johnson to be the next President of UNR.
We sounded amazing tonight at practice. Can't wait to show everyone :D Get your friends to like us on facebook, we need your help!!!
Bitch I know you love this life
Will you be $15K richer today? Find out as we pick the winners of our 2nd early bird drawing! #DreamHouseRaffle YAY!
standing for children and young adults having the right to be heard and broadcast media across the planet.
Congrats on bring selected in 5th by Falcons! Huge accomplishment for a FB! Konz and Ewing Falcons.
And #Bestie weekend begins now with :D
Microsoft named their database product after the language, which causes this sort of who's-on-first confusion all the time.
Making the Party Guide on my bday just feels so right. Let’s party #SanDiego!
Anyone up for brunch?
RT : Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. Joyce Brothers
good afternoon!
Check out the new pictures of the absolutely stunning Katie Stephens! Let me know what you think :)
Little anita's! M
Today in Invention History: Ester Kiefer patents ornamental paper, 1931.
Picking up Mt Laurel Chief then on the way 2DC.
confirmed read ladies man: how to get the girl in 2003
thank you so much! we <3 you
#SweetNightmares talk to you tomorrow :) !*)
creepers be creepin
I'm changing my damn attitude cus I don't fucking care anymore. Imma be me and speak my damn mind. Idfc if u don't like it. Fuck you.
Totally agree. Clothbound is one of my faves!!
Was that the Big Top show? That must have been amazing.
I'm so mentally drained...2 more days until my vacation begins!! I need some ME-time...
RT : (insert your name) get up!!!!
God allowing me to wake up healthy and in my right mind!
we often don't recommend gmail to customers bc it requires text or call verification when signing up & they often don't have a cell
Omg is on her way to my house
so freaking ready for this weekend. #bealestreet!!
Dang. Fucking talk about something meaningful for once.
Come to BSU #DonationDays if you have anything to get rid off. We're on Riverside + New York. Fiji House and TIS.
The deadline for Montreal is March 11th The deadline for LA is March 16th The deadline for London is April 1st HURRY AND APPLY NOW! :)
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. Henry J. Kaiser
Today's NY Times crossword: Here's to you, Norbert Pearlroth, wherever you are. And happy birthday to the New York Public Library.
yee she keeps telling you guys like her and want her back.
Let's do it, I feel I should have another one of those get togethers! I only work sundays now so I'm free!
Tip of the day: you can find lots of useful information on the internet.
Yup, that's the one!
I need more caff
Today has finally come #backtoskooljam!! Gonna have a blast with watching !!
should "prank call me " baby (; lol , that would never happen .
Digital learning is critical workforce skill, yet budget provides no direct #edtech funding
You are such a sweetheart! and you have soo much love that spreads to everyone....i hope all is going well for you<3
Glad you found us! :)
They are not called plug-ins. They are out lits.
#np master p - pass me the green
Today's a regular schedule.
Raising funds for a charity is honorable. Just because we consider our show a charity doesn't negate all that effort!
OH MY GOD I FOUND MY WORLD GEOGRAPHY TEACHER ON TWITTER HAHAHAHA THIS IS WHY I LOVE HIM.
thanks for convening such a lively conversation!
“: I imagine their reaction being I this vein: "I'm sorry Tejah, we said orgasm...thats just laughing."” hahaha!!
hey.HEY! Ysleta has standards!
If You Treat Her Like Your GF In PUBLIC !! Why Have Sex With Her Privately ?
Nyan Cat needs to follow mere!
Happy New Year to you!
Persuasive words in my in-box: "rosemary charred Berkshire pork loin."
Laying down to get a little sleep, 1 job down, 2 more to go
“:yeah sure but what do I do?:/
i think ill jump into the pool!!
why only auto-populate @ mentions w/ most 500 recent follows? First follows r closest friends, ones i'm most likely to tweet to
damn that's insane!
Made stealthy ethnographic observations performing w/ Knives last night about aspiring indie rockstars & their instruments.
Im excepting gifts for my bday! Now im not going to tell you what to get me, however I am excepting cash
George Clinton will be performing at the Waterfront this week. Jeremy Piven is said to not be responsible.
I'm cool with that. Probably have to clear it with our defense though...
yeah the video mrs.right is pretty awesommmmeeee!!!!
because the Spurs are AMAZING!!
Now everyone wants to be friends
ESPN has turned this game into a joke with all the Twitter stuff!
Thank You Jacksonville and Surrounding Cities, We Thank You for Once Again enjoying The Jacksonville ATL, This Weekend!
Not Hobson's choice, that's where there's only 1 choice or nothing. As far as no good choice, I dunno!
lolz but on facebook yhu can do a lot more wit yhur freaks. twitter dnt even got music but i love it
aww, tweeting about seeing ur bf for that last time before he goes! Cute! (:
I'm thankful for you too, mainly because I lose all track of the 6 main colors!!
thanks for the ff :))
I think we're doing an 3 box, not a 6 box, no an 8 box. Any movement on your house here?
Thank you so much - all is going well. Prayers appreciated
yeahh that kinda sucks :\
Opening day to support the Tosa Baseball League! Only place the more you eat and drink the more that goes to little league sports!!
when eeveryone get up ima take a shower nd go to sleep
Bought House also... Plenty of shit to keep me distracted!
10/19/2010 Five Boston Tech Companies Looking to Score Big in the New Marketing Game BostInnovation
That sounds beyond delicious! LOVE LOVE their shakes!
Oh I just saw this :'-(
thank u love
aw shit. Can't a guy pretend to be a big deal without being called out? Jeez...
On our Kindles: Bully at Ambush Corner, 11th Hour, Language of Flowers. What are you reading?
": idk how i hate nigga!" U do hard
S/O to , my latest follower
Auto correct pisses me off ; like did I push that letter fuck ass phone .
I believe the Monroe's Ass statue is independent madness.
I just RSVPed to the #SpaceGeeks tweetup. Wanna carpool?
If you think price gouging is immoral, go watch this video: Is Price Gouging Immoral? Should It Be Illegal?
My sister thinks my subtweets are about her.....they are lol
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. Socrates
Adele taking over the stage now!!!!!!
Cheers! RT : Nice job dude! MT : Just finished my first half marathon. Time doesn't matter. Goal - the finish line.
