Life #Art chyeahh!
Your responses to tweets are so nice, polite & thoughtful! Positive & upbeat -they make me smile!
I'll be in West Palm/ Boca this weekend and will be back Sunday evening. Evening shoot? Or Mon AM?
will do!! Thanks
#layover Montreal last night was good. drunk ride in back of little truck was hilarious
are u in town to talk about the ban?
Back in the studio after a nice trip to Dallas to see an old friend. Re-connected with Article One band while in the Dallas area also.
damn. thats so early! did you write about memories or future?
I mean females in general
S/O to all of my new followers thanks for following me!!
What's going to be the best part of your day?
Not in the mood to deal with bratty kids today.
My friends and I are ver crazy hahahahahahaha! And my ouncle.
50 Shades of Gray : Twilight :: Counter-Strike : Half Life - True? 50 Shades = total conversion mod?
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on
If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con', what is the opposite of 'progress'? ~ Paul Harvey
Avvo and LexBlog Unveil New Legal Marketing Report
yeah you been had hair for a while now why the cut
They () want to defeat Bob Filner. I'll be voting for Bob!
Just saw #theavengers which one would u be? I think I would want to be the black widow or thor... I like the lightening thing... :)
"Slut!" "What?!" "Oh good, you know your name"
You got your 🙌 your rocking' in my 🚙 you got the 📻 on you're 🎤 every 🎶
// Thanks for the mention! We train in Sina Tirsia Wali Kali in DC.
i'm Regina i'm 12 years & you're the Best and my favorite DJ!<3
but it's so punny!
When It was recess the boys were tossing the baseball ball lol they were tossing it with a teacher outside when the teacher tosses it to one
Just chilling. and u? :)
Trust is a small word with a big concept.
Good Morning Early Birds!!! Grindtime Baybee!!! Yeah Buddy
Interview: 'Connect professionals from across the globe'
The Behind the Music was epic.
thank you!!!
Deplaning, slowly but surely
Thanks for seconding my emotion!
Hello Denver! We sold out pretty early today. See you at 9am tomorrow!! We love you!!
I love my pink cake!
Congrats to the SEPTA 48 for winning Pennsylvania Lottery's Powerball! Lucky ducks.
Sit, be still, and listen, because you're drunk and we're at the edge of the roof.” ― Rumi
Out to do laundry . :l
picked the #Rangers to win the West. Oh no! Poor #Rangers!!!
Does anyone make icons cuz I need a new one
it's the worst app ever, performance-wise.
In need of some margaritas...
hi chaaady! How are ya! Been preoccupied!
awe thanks H-ster
hi Cindy!!! I'm awesome! So nice to find you!!!
I do love toothaches...
*boyfrend comes late to date* hey baby girl: where were you? boy: busy lets eat *10 mins l8er, cellphone vibrates* boy: gotta go
Thank you! “: I'm madly in love w/ every1 I work with. ”
Watching NASA
cause everybody don't werk tha same!
I miss my mom, dad, brpthers and my lil sis!!!!!!!!!!
Good eye! I was just on my way to lunch in the Union. Meeting up with the rest of the gang.
One day you're gonna look back at your tweets and say, "TF was I thinking?"
"Is that plum and red?!
no prob babe 😘
Digital Immortals just kicking off
What did you think? Can we count on seeing you in here again?
Riveting episode! MT“: Tune into NBC for Brian Williams' exclusive intv w Obama & National Security team re Bin Laden raid."
you can't drive yet eh?
I just want to feel important to someone.....
Happy birthday to the raddest lady I know, !
New Text editors always come with some form of Vim mode for key bindings, but design tools rarely come with Photoshop mode. This is KEY.
I never want to work, I'm such a lazy cunt.
THIS! RT And be sarcastic back, playfully! >> RT People who understand sarcasm >>>
we are looking for a guitarist and a vocalist hit us up if you wanna try out!must have your own gear and transportation
Love it!
doesnt matter Paul! Its still weird!
Someone's playing the cello down the hall. I live in the most talented dorm, one day it's guitar in the laundry room and now this. Beautiful
Thanks for the twitter love Atlanta!!!
Thanks to "We The People" over at KLAV for having me on the show last night
Day no.2 of #gabf starts now! With Angelo from and Dave from
You love me , now love me back.
Thank you. Could you follow us back please!
Joshua blew the doors off. Jessica's a superstar. But whose album would I really listen to? Phillip's. It's all what speaks to you.
to dilver another shoe machine for my shoe factory then it done in me that it wasn't afternoon but the morning of my dream
New Year's eve $50 per head partial proceeds to benefit the Embrace Girls' Foundation. See facebook Roderick D Vereen for Congress 2010
Nothing like a nice Rioja to warm you up & get the blood flowing for #WineWednesday. $10 off all bottles today (& every Wed!)
yes soon
Boise State didn't impress me last night against La Tech. I believe trouble looms against Fresno St., Nev. and Idaho.
Happy 2012 to you. May you be healthier, wiser and have more fun than ever.
Lol so another niqqa got caught with weed at my school...
I'm making brownies too! They are almost done.
I hate when that happens! RT : A perfectly good sandwhich was wasted by me biting my lip 8 times
Discounted parking + drink specials + world-class jazz + no cover + no drink min = best Thurs night plans in the city!
RT Tweeting today from symposium on climate change and human evolution hosted by the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory
Why is that you can always read a doctor's bill but never his prescription?
February is tackle the extra bedroom month. Would be easier to put a dumpster under the window and throw everything out said window.
on repeat
Well, I suppose this was inevitable given the wind: power just went out.
yes true u r right !
: yeah I know, I can't wait either
Setting up teacher iPads...they are so excited...they can't wait to get hold of them!
monkeys!! o(e,e)o <<< does that look like a monkey?
Oh. Maybe if I had included some information in my test form earlier, the notification would have come through with information in it. Hm.
So close to 3,000followers anyone want to help ;)
Can't wait for March! We have orders galore :)
tired vibes
I need coffee. And a snack. My energy is low
I find sex to be a VERY personal thing. I do not discuss it either.
what's up with drew and TMAC? Why isn't he getting any playing time?
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking. Buddhist Proverb
Soapbox moment: if you want something for nothing, don't stick your hand out......GTFO!!!
RT : There's only three colors that are perfect to green. Orange and blue.
any rails casts captioned or subtitled?
What about Dress Barn? ;)
Supporting Actors Needed for Action Movie
pimp stroll on em'
Today in 1987, Kylie Minogue, Australian soap star turned pop star, hits #1 in Australia with "The Loco-motion".
Gaslamp B-ball Fans! Hooters and Whiskey Girl will open at 9am tomorrow for the #SDSU game! #March Madness
All you guys UNFOLLOW me I don't give a fuk .|. :$
Proud to be the beauty expert today on Fox 35 Orlando's Good Day Show @ 9:00am! Tune in for our Summer Skin Series for the next 4 Monday's!
no they're not.. I heard they actually suck... Ngl
The 5 year old girl next door knocked so loudly on the door, I about fell out of my chair!
nice game winning shot Kobe! Oops I mean Derek Rose MVP
hey georgiaa. Sorry you didn't win. There was so many great entries & it was so hard to narrow it down to only 2..
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.-- William Wordsworth
I just finished meeting with He's one of the young guys I mentor. PTL for people like Adam who are eager to learn!
Be the best. Don't know what tht is? Consider your Source. Pursue all things fm w/in & know tht YOU are the best U tHt has ever lived.
Childhood memories fading… RT : Where the Wild Things Are author Maurice Sendak has died at the age of 83. R.I.P.
last night's episode got me furious about that announcement u made.
Surprise, surprise. Now I just have to keep my mouth shut while he's here.
I read that. That was a nice article u wrote!!!!
Was saying I'm biased, being a fan of Agree with where you had them, Buster.
I always have lunch with my Dad at Hamilton's!
Makin it rain
Jeter 3000, family in NY happy. Braves about to beat Phillies. All is right w/baseball today.
What"s Good and ?
A4) Naked means natural so I'm going with olive oil and some fresh ground pepper as my condiments
<----On The Road To Fame
Just sing, baby.
it it really HARD getting noticed by u buy if u see this (which I know wont happen) please follow me(:
Things my friends say "#fact even if your sideline knows about your girlfriend she still going to fuck you "
#TimothyMcVeigh was a patsy working for the US Gov't.
We have a Full Service #Barber & Shoe Services. Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland 510 8321100 just pop in!
watching your espn special praise the lord! VIRGIN CLUB! America needs more boys like Tim Tebow ❤
I Just Sented A Link Bro
RT if you actually made it through Lent without Twitter like they said they would lol
um....maybe? I wanted to go to the park with you Chris and Alfredo... Mom gave me the idea lol would we still be able to?
I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution. ~Wernher von Braun
Happy Halloween everyone!
It's going to be amazing! #RaidTheWarehouseRT : Looking forward to the Warehouse preview tonight!
I am getting tired of surreptitiously attaching location data to my posts.
follow me so I can dm you my number lady
its painful lol
Dear Jesus, help this man get what he needs. Thank you.
I guess I can handle one loss every calendar year.
So proud of our girls! Awesome performance Nighthawks !
excited for our screening of Hard Silence Silencio Fuerte at the DGA tonight.
HELL YA BADGERS
**is all alone** V.V
Josh Hamilton.
Who ya play??
hah agreed, i think the word "native" invoked "indigenous" for me.
Bearcat Lady Lax will be in Bmore starting this THURS w/ games on FRI & SUN. Wanna come over 4 team dinner on 3/29?
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!
ask her for me! Be like Wendy wants to know 😄
Everyone complaining that they have work. I'm complaining how I don't got a job .
Great introduction for the Steelers....Black and Yellow!!!!!!!
#WhitneyCNN Is this the other part of "Trapped in the Closet"!?
I want a Reese's
You coming down for the San Diego VMUG on the 22nd? <<- Think you should.
I think I'm turning in to a girlie girl not I will always be a Tom boy not going to lie
Johns Sandwich Shop on North is super yummy! Now craving that for lunch :) hehe
I love how Ariana tweets people who are sleeping & then shes like watch their reaction in the morning!
Thanks, very excited. We'll see you at the new place soon enough.
Another pair of boots with holes.
just told me the drink I made tastes like the inside of a Warhead. Hmm? I guess if you like Warheads that's a win?
Then they put I'm 1/24th Mexican an Dominican . Like who the fuck cares?!
I had to take my little lady to the doctor and what are y'all doing???
I sipping(: I'm visiting my sister for her graduation(: can you give her a shoutout and follow me?
happy new year from INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING - publishers of BUZZ and GABRIEL'S TRUMPET in 2011 - DIFFERENT to be out soon in 2012
Start at Gamestop next week.
"Her jowly, mottled face with its thick, red nose is streaked with interlacing, purple veins."- CHRIS CHRISTOPHERSEN
Sometimes I close my eyes and pretend I'm on a roller coaster...that honks
come to aj bombers tonight
I have an obsession with scarfs. <3
If you don't have time to purchase your ticket for the Youth Football Fundraiser online today don't fret! Tickets will be avail at the door.
Hahaha wow okay Ashley, I see you!
is that after 'the giving pledge'?
ohh well i looked it up and ODE OF Them popped up
Combine Store Visits! Only 4 Blocs Away From Each Other! Cntct Us For S.O.S.!
if anyone is in the los altos area please go help Dre flier car show event that is happening right now.
'I thought you were a girl' best quote of night!
Parade is starting!!, Twitpic a photo of me & my driver, , at the Pewaukee parade & win a $10 Starbucks gift card.
Thank you radio! is #38 on the Billboard Rock/CHR charts for next week!
I was shocked when I got it. I didn't think it would be so nice. Both the products and the cosmetic bag are great
you're incredible! Enjoy your Mother's Night :) & your Nook ;)
I've always enjoyed the design and beauty of henna. It's always a shame that for the time and intricacy, it doesn't last.
...about where they will choose to land, what they will choose to believe, who they will choose to be.
yo, what time we goin to zingers?
: thanks!! HOPE you are enjoying your weekend!
Completing The Step To Oracle Migration
the world is a song your heartbeats the rhythm your soul sings the melody
the fat brown fox hopped over the tired dog.
Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith in Jesus Christ, even as we have believed in Jesus Christ . .
Thank God I went to college, otherwise I would not know about #semiotics, and that has come up A LOT.
Love !! You and are awesome vocalist! Harmony is on point!!
Clark Kent. Pilot. Scarecrow scene. ;)
Your intro to backbone.js session is getting a ton of interest. Want to schedule it in one of tomorrow's slots?
License all valid all year, carry on... Business as usual! Grab ur gun powder & ur musket!
#Facebook outage?
JUST THROW IT IN THE BAG......
Working on new website design for client. Will post the domain name as soon as its ready.
"Oh you're one of those dudes?" says edan as he cuts up a nico song funky
I have glitter from my friend's poster all over me! -_- & it wont come off!:o lol,but hey no more worrying about glitter,lol.c:
Getting some work saturday most of that money going to a new eye exam + contacts... My contacts getting old & burning Dx
Stream works now. That's Android for ya.
Suck my Dick! There's the #3Words I was thinkin! LoL
#ff Worship leader new
On my way to the top
snap peas
I feel like .... I have another kids recital tonight. :)
*tips hat* to the champions of FSR
did you know that WI AG VanHollen is an Ole? Saw him on LinkedIn a fellow alum.
What videos are you guys watching? We try and track what is trending online so help us out!
I know congrats!! and good I was there today but couldn't stay to watch you's :(
DUDE!!!!! why arent u following me ? (;
my votes are for u guys!!!!
Alayna Jo-anne .. My heart & soul I miss you so ..
The 49ers are going to be alright next season
My chairdancing to ELO and Elton John is going unappreciated.
Want to be an overnight success? Do the work. Every day. for a long time.
I'm like a goddamn travel ninja with how cheap I travel.
#BelieberAreAliensBecause We are too flawless to be human and our love for Justin is out of this world :)
Just confronted an idiot who was running down the escalator, weaving in between people. He may think again next time, but I doubt it. :-(
If U c the vet convention, say "Hi!" to my brother! If u c a man who looks like me, call out Brian and c if it is him - LOL!
Yes, we mean it familia: The world is one big ass soup!
MKELive All Stars Thanks for the RT's this week! KELive All Stars!
me trying to make a gif = fail
Back from the Ho-Chunk Pow wow. Excellent weekend drafting resolutions,
when I was (say) 12, I knew what 12 year olds looked like, and what 16 year olds looked like.
gross my love
yes ma'm ....your could get it ;)
Happy Friday:best books
21 years later and I still don't understand a damn word of what Cobain is singing in "Smells Like Teen Spirit."
Don't blame God for creating the tiger, thank him for giving it no wings. ~ Indian Proverb
you're more than welcome! I'm so happy you all came!
holy fucking fuck. If a catagory five hurricane hit's Florida...the land where i live would go underwater.....
Over this.
The last thing Tulsa needs right now is a visit from Al Sharpton, but alas he's coming.
I hope this week flies by .
we work with all types of co's. our main target is school based, hence the marketing, however we do businesses, musicians, etc!
Guys lets stop using 'shedding' and just go back to saying 'practicing'. Cool?
"logarithmic leaps"?? SRSLY?
TSA allows man to fly after finding gun parts in his child's toy, but take man off a plane after throwing up on my recent flight. Huh?
thanks! Glad we were able to get the pics in before tomorrow's first trip across the lake.
I'm quitting my job and you can have it
I agree with much of it (though being such a Dark Shadows fan, it probably means more to me than the reviewer).
Lil Wayne is engaged?????
my mojo ran out. mechanical. new plane. delayed. sitting in ord isn't the ideal saturday but could be worse.
This RT : PSA: Don't be a dick.
you got a game thursday?
(c) care, she'll act more like the way she used to be around him ♥
You wanted it well you got it. Battled foul trouble and poor ft shooting and we still handled business. TJones put it on ya
Thanks to Tariq Farwana and Dinah Coomes of StrateSphere for hosting the 10x teams last night for a wonderful and informative dinner!
thanks jenna paige i love you RT : proud of my boy !! congrats weezyyyyyyy
people piss me off.
I just tried an upcoming trip to Chicago and the site says that the promo code for the 5k points is invalid? Need 4 nights?
YOU MUST EMBRACE MY CRAZINESS.
There will always be excuses, no one wants to admit they are a fair-weather fan
omg scotty just killed it on stage....Love Him......!!!!!!
The airport needs a 24food spot
"We may just run clips of the Republican debates verbatim." - #Obama2012 campaign strategy
just a quick fyi: organic honey crisp apples are at PCC FOR SURE! :)
Question of tha day in the studio of someone was in trouble or hurt in public would you help them? Call in 2023839777 now to comment
Fell asleep scheduling appointments & woke up doing the same damn thing.
high score is a good metric for that
Thanks for the recent RTs !!
Pens clinch at least a 5 seed. Still could see NJ in first round.
On April 24, 2006, Wedding Crashers topped the nominations for the year's MTV Movie Awards with five including Best Movie.
I wish i had a fast forward button . I reat want to skip work :|
I agree that SPN will go 10 seasons. In fact, I think that might be why J/J will go to Upfronts. CBS renewed Big Bang for 3 seas.
- check your DM
Ever realize that when ur already mad,then you sit and think and think u get more and more pissed? Thats me now!
Can we go back to using Facebook for what it was originally for - looking up exs to see how fat they got?
Work meeting at 1pm to 4pm & my shift starts at 3pm... WTF! All day & night at SEVILLA wow this meeting better not. For sex harassment
I thought this quote was appropriate for Mother's Day. Do you have a favorite?
awww you have a puppy =D
Red Lady
Watching "Butch Cassidy" for the first time in honor of
On KXAN News Today:Austin man in hospital after a pit bull attack. Rain in the forecast, plus why Tracy Morgan is in the hospital. C u soon
go to bed.
In Buffalo, the Washington Capitals needed a power-play goal from Marcus Johansson midway through the third period to earn a 2-1 victory
when can I come over?! too!
“Never forget who you are, for surely the world won’t. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness.”- Tyrion
Woke up an hour late for work.
Wenndy: "If they get 4 downs, why don't they get 4 time outs?"
now every time I see a girl with sunglasses far too big for her face I think of you.
it's okay to root for the Spurs
And the football world yawns!
nope def. cannot!!!
The more you say, the less people remember.
Great to meet you, too! Hope to see you again--perhaps at #acrl2013?
Feeling good about going back to the Joe w/ the series split. Great win for tonight! Congrats, boys.
17 months with the amazing today!! ;) can't wait to see her
I wish i was pretty so i dont need to be lonely.
your weird
is that like a McDonald's delivery person?
"We Bought a Zoo" is adorable!
I feel like im missing something...
U got it bro!
and are not at school....
We don´t like allergy season either, but can help with allergy testing and allergy shots. Just call Dr. Zadeh (310) 201-0717.
WITHEY!!!!! Who want some
Wow that is bad! Hope it clears up!
I know it's a cliche to say this, but it's the first week of the semester and I am already behind.
What is StaffingMarketplace? •StaffingMarketplace shows you how to convert more visitors into leads.
Wow, wish I was back in HS!
I don't like #oomf no more. Crush over
good luck tomorrow morning!! ": My car doesn't turn on and I have work & finals tomorrow. GREAT 😏"
lol jenn that was like hours ago. park..
'once you go fez you never go back. in my language that rhymes" that 70's show completes me.
Hopefully you get some sunshine today! It's a beautiful morning in Sweden!
i will but i need the interview questions first lol.
Gotta get that average up, otherwise Torrie will drop kick me when i get home.
At my aunts.
www.DatingChicagoland.com goes live in 2 days! Reason #2 to join: Membership is just $10/month. Unbelievable value for only $10!
Man why do they gotta change the rules after I leave lol
Nice to have #Closer by #NineInchNails on my #iPod finally :)
it's Friday!!!! Woohoo!!! We're really rooting for the sun to come out :)
Man fruity pebbles sound good right now
MT : Let's welcome to Twitter. Please #RT & let's see if we can get them to 100 followers by the end of the day
Hope you are having a great time in London! Please tell everyone hello for me!
thanks for the compliment! We've got such a delicious new lunch menu, we need to stop by so we can eat more cookies!
All you see that Thor trailer, I went to high school with thor!
Yeah, I dunno, think this track is kind of a mess! Like the beat, Ye's verse, and 2 Chainz, but the rest doesn't do it for me.
We'll only be for another hour and we're almost out of tamales! Don't miss your chance for the best tamales in
I'm scared of tomorrow. I'm scared of the Biology test.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
#Its2012WhyYouStill planking? its old now.
hey sexy thing!!
LOL, thankfully it's not quite that horrid.
Man watching love and hip hop and these women are like mma fighting
Google Maps vs. GIS
Very nice! Nice finish! Was that Whitney Houston on the entry? RAGE!
- wow, you are a linguist? :-) - I want to learn Spanish, but still "dabbling" in French - for 30 years :-)
i just watched the xtre factor from last night and you lot just crack me up! I freaking love yous
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
#SOTU President Obama to republicans: Stop being bitches.
you need to sign my yearbook today!
idk you tell me
Weds 12/28 8pm, Empty Bottle, Chicago- Alex Chilton B-day Bash! Come hang out!
i see there are some very disrespectful motherfuckers on this trend!!!
I want some denny's
"3 time world snare champion snare drummer champion of the world"
Just finished reading it, Biella. It's amazing!
Well that 17 pages came as easily as childbirth.
I'll probably slide out of your life unnoticed.
Playin my new shit in my ride vibin out
I'm just being a girl about things. Haha.
Insanity..stop talking about anything but the economy. Ignore the questions speak to the issues facing the nation.
a girl as beautiful as you? ofcourse ;*
Ladies: I'll be having 100% Mink Lashes real soon. Book your next eyelash extension appointment with me
RT : Not to beat a dead horse but if Adele was a black girl named Aisha, none of y'all would give a fuck
": u crazy lol. A part though?" LOL! You no me!
get her flowers!
hey people whats up?
Wayne Township Fire dept., IMPD investigating fatal hit and run crash at Manhattan St and West McCarty
that would be excellent. And is also a profound truth.
Bitch Niggas Hide,Real Niggas Ride
Well done Georgie boy!!
Tea parties assassinate Archduke Ferdinand of Austria, starting First World War. When will the violence end?
Oh, what did you get?
YAY! I am glad you got them!
Oh hah! I was running pretty ragged... just finished my work. Gotta get off the computer!
Mm. Look at you. :D Thanks lady! “: s/o to my new follower c:”
haha that will never happen ! I can do side bends or sit-ups, but i will not loose that butt ! #sirmixalot knows best ;)
I like I like I like!
I hve wireless @ my dads house nd nothin @ my mums house but I use my mobile for a while
I hear you. In the US, it's the dictatorship of the coasts. <aside>Loved your "Separatists unite!" email sign today</aside>
There is plenty of butter in town, if you have the coupons, so I hope you have the coupons.[1944]
Looking like I might get to Citi Field this season after all...Marlins in September.
I got my tickets can't wait to watch you win the belt in Feb! Your a true champ!
I'm just dominating at Teen Jeopardy tonight. Go me?
I'm hardly ever on here. Perhaps it is time to change that?
LA Confidential!...should do the trick.I loved it
RT : HULK ALWAYS THINK EAST COAST DO HARDCORE BETTER. THEN HULK REMEMBER EAST COAST HAVE 25 TA LIFE.
alright sweet :)
Thanks for the follow my dude
Lovely day! - RT Hanging with for the
"Baby I love you, I never wanna let you go." <3
The new version of open home pro is not in NZ yet but will be very soon.
Finally have appointment for final review of audio mix-one week from today up in SF-cannot wait! I love SF and I love LA (and NY) :)
2 more devos + I'm DONE with draft 1 of this book! Just in time too: got a titling meeting tomorrow w/
esp cause my lips so soft
I've got some feedback for ya. 1200 msp is way too much for 3 maps. u cant count the other two because you already had them.
The people are to be taken in very small doses.
what is everyone up to? ;)
I can't wait for guitar today... That always puts me in a good mood.
is amazing !! dude . i just sit here listenin to him ! <3
whaddup with it ? .. I also like to watch OTH :)
-- Promote us to your friends, & if you want to help street team in your area, send us an E-mail at
If I make a joke and you take it personal
Come join recruithighschool.com post highlight tapes,photos and make player profile for free get exposure to coaches today
You're welcome -- needless to say I am excited about it too!
Thx 4 sharing my post with your followers
hey JPSO If you close Airline at Causeway did you consider directing traffic there during rush hour? Didn't think so.
There are lots of tasty things to buy that don't support so #boycott until they stop supporting Rush!
hi ladies, the staff is here. Congrats! We would love to connect at the reception tonight.
Barnes and Noble...they really need some comfy chairs so i can read
I don't think it says that exactly... more confronting and questioning the cultural norms
This new shampoo makes my hair so soft ! Omg
Sabrina and 12 Angry Men
if you say so...
THanks for coming!!! Get back soon!!!
Fascinating! RT : About to listen to the man who unwittingly live-tweeted the Osama Bin Laden raid. Very interested.
my head hurt so bad i know my lil brother ain't gone nnnooooo:(
Don't be nervous! It's a great way to can.
www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
For a refreshing change in business telecommunications...Contact Globalnet Telecom. Offering a 'one-stop-shop' for all your requirements!
RT : Brainstorming...good things to come
hospital job growth has tailed off almost completely, creating less than 6,200 jobs nationwide during the first quarter of 2009.
what a very nice note. Thanks so much! Four more years!!!
Listening to all the clocks tick throughout my quiet house in the middle of the night would make me feel so calm when I was younger.
How funny is Gloria's flyer? Anyone draw a mustache on it yet?
Thanks for the feedback! We're working on it.
TY so much for featuring my blog in the Silk Skies Daily!
Hm , should I run for prom queen ? Lol ;) My decision depends on you guys . :)
u guys really need 2 do a better job of switching games that go that long!! All us blazer fans missed the entire 1st 1/2 cus of u
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 48
yeah I'm gonna attend the walk-a-thon that they are having in a few weeks :)
What were you like in high school?
I just like that type of swag they have...
Oh, no! Don't tell me that it is going to be Marvyn Bartley who ruins my day. Another draw in the making?
do you need an extra turn after this one or something?
My father-in-law has one of these sleep monitors is discussing, going to give it to me. #usinno =>Geekier thank I think!
When I have difficulties in life, I always seem to find the right people that point me in the direction I want to go.
When does a journalist's opinion add value?
Set Free is awesome. Share them with your friends. They'll be playing Defenderfest Saturday.
oh that looks delicious
Sorry for the high octane discussion with your boyfriend last night
I feel like I don't tweet as much as I use to. Eh I should change that lol
Trickle-down economics works, but in economics gravity is reversed.
When I wake up it always looks like I was attacked in my sleep.
Will be very cool preso from Tim from Manifesto / Proxy tonight! Hope to see you there!
NEW EDITION OF IS OUT TODAY! PICK UP YOUR FREE COPY ACROSS NEWARK AND VILLAGES!
Barricades practice! vote for us over at marcyboston.com to help us open for marcy playcground!
I really need a life haha.
#ILostRespectForYouWhen you started being such a bitch in school hope off my did nigga
Sure glad I'm not a dude!
Battier being an IDIOT again
i'm back unharmed! hit the ground running with school this morning. how are you erykah?
True friend is a treasure precious as gold and just as hard to find. I try being a true friend to my true friends, when needed a real enemy
party was boring..
But it often doesn't feel that way and that doesn't work
Pella SW is hiring #job Operations Manager, Controller, Trade Sales Rep, Delivery Driver. Email No calls please.
how's it goin?
The wife bought some store brand tissues. My nose is to delicate to trust generic brands
saw you on Carson Daly, you killed it with ease and splendor ;)
Are you heading off to England?
Gonna be a GREAT day...enjoy, Mike!
do you feel like some of the presos here are cool but would be difficult to apply in our no-strings-attached environments?
I Doubt he hates you. I just think he doesn't like when people talk about him. idk. doesn't matter.
B2B Speaker for #smbmad in May + the one and only Milissa Rick is our food and facility sponsor
you'll never be trendy. and you only have 62 followers. whatsup with that?
agreed! She seemed to stick with the 80's theme (which I loved) but it seemed she was definitely trying too hard.
Girls at bed bath and beyond were no help at all... Ugh
Warm weather where are you.... It's harder to type when you're wearing gloves!
You know something's wrong when your favorite song is called pornographic
on what someone is looking for (IOW, consent is consent, etc.), but the search function always best for any search...
Charles McCain: Pic of the Day - Clearing A Wall
Italians usually say it its like scratch your balls or ass lmaooo
Show us your independent artists!
Mom had a bridal shop, was altering a dress, I was the right height, my friends walked in.
Ozzie: “We talked about (trading up), there were a couple of players we felt we could’ve traded up for but it can get expensive."
Sittin here "Stalling" on FB, so I don't have to go to the GYM.. SMDH... Gotta get motivated.. Grrrrrrrr ;-/
if i promise to get you a super-duper great sunscreen fore warped, will you make me a guitar string bracelet? :)
Just polished off leftovers -- mushroom, leek & tarragon stuffing, black truffle mash potato, & cajun turkey taste amazing the next day!
one direction :) and you?
must concentrate... damn you technology...
I'm sorry, but that girl has a mental disorder.
that's why you are stupid
Because it is shielded behind pragmatic optimism versus the 'parting from logic' that was previous market busts.
Very fun social music site/app: www.turntable.fm
haha ahh my yellow nails make that look even more yummy the taste of banana kush :)
missing book club due to calendaring error. oy.
you the man
I'm finna be omw out there soon mayne, you solid tho ?
Rangers-Devils Gm 3 at 1p!
haha well i think Kendalls nose is bigger then Logan :-) but sexy both haha
No one understands how tired I am... Literally feel like im going to collapse
Congratulations, Aunties!! :)
haha ok *rolls eyes* text me.?
- yes it was. Noah Kolina I believe
RT : Never, never give up!...Always remember..."Just when the Catterpillar thought her life was over, She became a Butterfly."
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. --Lucille Ball
Ty might have finally gotten mad! He's the key. The energy goes as he goes.
What Can I Do For You To Follow Me? 
I don't know when I have to bring them in for English all I know is that they have to be deep fried !
I just want to go back to bed.
Didnt know you was that ruthless
morning my favorite spicy latina
7/11: Shooting begins for VAMPERIFICA directed by Bruce Ornstein. I play a Stripper with very bad luck. This part makes me SAG-Eligible!
When I was younger I couldn't wait to be older. BUT THIS SHIT IS NOT WHAT I SIGNEND UP FOR
I'm caught up and the orange star of shame is now gone for me!
I can, too Restorative justice.
thanks I think lol
Nail shop flow, pick my dress up from the mall, pick up mother's day gift. Then back home with my fam.
Can you tweet me the link to his twitter please?
"I fed you a fantasy but you’ve been drunk on reality, All you want is to be wanted as long as you get it out of me" Take Back
I love all your tweeted and I love your so cute will please follow me back tonight it would rock my world if you did <3333
Congrats! Excited to read your stuff at Wired.
In Richmond for #AASLH2011. Saw great earthworks on Cold Harbor battlefield and lovely architecture on Monument St. today on bus tour
DYK? Famous singer Dione Warwick is a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
singing @ Dodgers Stadium MONDAY NIGHT! Get your tickets!!! LA
:) hahaa! yes! i am addicted to twitter now lol first i was addicted too facebook lol
I'm not Fred's friend. At best he's my wingman. #bro RT : Can't forget 's friends: , and
A 15 min power nap is in order
Awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at and your right there.
what's up
That's what's up Bucky!
nah, that was last season. This ones w Clay Aiken, Arsenio, Lampanelli n all em. The dad from American Choppers was just fired!
High fives.
This is at a library? On McCormick Dr? Or is it a church?
Thank you for my Birthday Wishes!!! <3
A Rio Rancho resident is about to get the DISH Network HDDVR from New Mexico Satellite Man! Thanks for calling, Dave! - John - 350-6428
looking for reporters interested in writing about electric car infrastructure.
is there anything specific you're after?
Happy to be a part of the fest. Thanks for the shout-out, Chris. :-)
Lefty on the mound here and Leyland has yet to pinch hit Inge for one of 3 lefty hitters. Makes no sense
yay! So glad you love it!
Thanks for the mention
tell em get some oils lol
driving back up to LA in a couple hours.. any big mix running already?
Are you at the #CSP2012 in #Orlando? Come meet our editor Marc Strauss!
Thank Crom for vacation time!
Watch at 5 & 6pm for more info on donating & collecting donations for Officer Frank Vrtoshnick & his family
I'm a Sooner born and Sooner bred and when I die, I'll be Sooner dead Rah Oklahoma, Rah Oklahoma Rah Oklahoma, OK U!
thought he may just need a reminder...lol
dooooood i need to see lol i bet you look fine #worriedmuch?
♫ All in time / but the clock is another demon / that devours our time in Eden / in our Paradise ♫
Thanks for applying to our TC104 course! Your experience at CFR will be a fantastic addition to our learning community.
Oh, Rebecca Black. Can't respect your journo ethics, but can't help but respect that you wear your hair curly
Thanks for the RT, Sarah!
but I plan to slink from what I think
Ball and freaking chain man.
you make it HARD to talk to your face lol :P
If you are looking for some dope clothing designs from some hardworking people, follow the Pittsburgh/Chicago based team
Congratulations to the Columbus winner of #LiveNationUltimateAccess, !
eh lol remember that kid who looks like abunny on crack
No one else out there has a guess? Anyone?
you can forget everything and everyone who wants only one and no matter how long or short you can forget everything!
Anderson county, you should head out next time
TRACK DAY ...... Oh shit I fell off my bed
stop looking for us. Lol
Now following >>>> #TeamFollowBack!
So sad. Makes me think of my brother. Scary. : USC RB Tre Madden tore a ligament in his left knee at yesterday's practice.
Headache+stuffy nose+cough= FUCKING HELL.
Hehe :) I wish everyday could be like that :)
haha right, most of them are cocky and self centered anyways
Are those boos i hear in the background?
Hey Justin Bieber TWITTER FAN CLUBS I know u are out there PLZ FOLLOW ME! pllzzz! ??
GM everyone have a wonderful Monday !!!
Have a safe and wonderful holiday weekend!
A statement mouth is the look of the season,apply classic red lipstick blot put on a sencond layer dab a gold gloss onto the center.
Saturday, March 31: Manchester City v Sunderland, 9am, ESPN2/ESPN3.com Aston Villa v Chelsea, 9am, FOX S QPR v Arsenal, 9am, FOX Soccer Plus
:DD You didnt tweet me back about Friday?? Did you see the tweet :D LOL! Sorry! ;*
camel back mountains and all of Scottsdale.
just watched your blue whale video for my marine bio homework.. Amazing
It was so bad, I had to leave the room. The guy totally sounded like the guy in the honey badger video. I'm serious.
Looking forward to any of the Holiday Movies?
I get to see today for the first time since I left 7 months ago!! SO excited.
Spring savings! Pick out your new spring fashions and save 30% now through April 30 at
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation
Happy mothers day to the grandmothers out there. I love you lady, you've give us so much already and you're not done yet.
That you're playing for on June 14th at ? RT : Announcing some exciting news tomorrow...
Somebody that I use to know.
Damn can this just ruined my optimism??!! "/
Pussy runs the world ha
your gonna hate me but we need to go to lunch and chit chat
Happiness = curling up with a book on a new couch next to a fire.
If & don't stop texting me about all the Journey I'm missing, I'm gonna start posting incriminating photos. :-)
Exciting changes coming to our entire summer line up of one acts!!! Stay tuned.
this is true.
there was just a selena gomez question about wizards on teen jeopardy. I thought of you
im not :( but im going to see black veil brides at waroed tour!!!! lol :)
I know cuz.. My mama wanted to try n make it, but we can't. We love u guys
chances are nick will end up being the choice for the republicans because he is wining left and right.
on #Leadership - "Better or Bitter" our choices in adversity (Fr. Jonathan Morris). After Congresswoman's shooting, a 3rd option is BOTH.
But will they play better? Pull out your Magic 8 Ball and see what it says!
We in the studio with some artist ... banditviiiilllleeeee
Twin Shadow at in September? I'm down.
#Obama Has everybody in my house mad! Lmfao.. Funny shit!
Which one of you whores is a New Yorker?
i would like sunshine if it were more fluorescent.
I love Louis <3 and I just wanted to say I love all my followers! Almost at 200 :) you're all amazing
and to not get shit on yo dick when doing anal xDDDD
Old dance craze songs right now cx
It's freezing out! I'm so over this!
My dad's such an ass sometimes...... Most of the time.
Holy crap. Reading about a dystopic theocracy that sounds frighteningly like what the current right wing candidates want to do to women.
This girl just sneezed all over the kid sitting next to her 😂😂
You all have guns, but you never keep the safety on.
Having an IPA at Golden Road Pub in Glendale
Apparently, lunch is at 10:30 today.
I drew my eyebrows on well today!! Im impressed! I better book this damn job.
Lmfao!! Just got off the fone with my counselor, she sounds so cute when she giggles at the things I say haha.
:D Are you a morning or an evening workout kinda guy?
I'm from Wisconsin. And I admit that was a horrible call.
#istandfor The parrots who cannot speak 4 themselves, even when they do speak 4 themselves (or swear @ me in Russian.)
We just deployed team management! You can now add other pantheon developers to your projects! Full release notes coming soon. :)
Pippa has nothing on J Lo
IT IS TIME. I finally start
“: You guys think Aaron will play next week?” yes
awww thank you :)
ready to curl up in my bed
Register Process Server in Sacramento!!! http;//www.expeditiousprocessservers.com
I got that whip game! vrooom!
Asdfgrhdhsh RT : heard u get fake sneakers bro?
Um, yes please.
Happy B- Day big Bruhh!!! 37 yrs old! I hope i make it til then!!! Best Wishes Junior!
... Matt swears he has swag and he can dance smh
well I don't have a first block(or period, whatever you want to call it), there's no final for TA, Calc is done. Only gov is left
's remix to Dancin' In The Dark is on 's show, "Club Life"!
If education is slashed, we all bleed.
Good aint good enough ..!!
If you google deirdre elizabeth parker the fugitive's doctor, you get nearly 4000 references. How do you attract those who don't google it?
Spurs, will you please REBOUND??
I suggested you force your son to watch Star Wars. Today I see 8 people stopped following me! And 23 folks immediately signed on!
you inspire me
Thank you clay!
Omg I just saw this and am IN LOVE. Wish I could do the same.
where u at
option-e and then the letter the accent should be over (so another e)
WELCHY i dont wanna study..which exam are you going to??
I almost forgot about this. Great reminder this Christmannukah season!!
I hate you
Twitter is dead.
Has to be my favorite female rapper. Not because we both from the N.O. But because lyrically she a beast
Thanks! It will be so nice to have the space and leather!
Thanks for the RT!
MT. AIRY, MD LET'S GET WILD TONIGHT!!!
well I'm saying I better see my husband!! we don't want to get the #divorcepapers out
19th Annual San Diego Jewish Arts Festival
Actual cost per hour for full time nurse is on average 176% of their base hourly wage
I scheduled workouts this week too! Great idea!
": This game is terrible"
Many new followers this week!! Thanks for following me, I look forward to tweeting with you!
good luck on both of those, but most importantly let me know how the tea turns out!
small world this IT world is!
should follow me! :D
The news reports are looking promising for Obama!
Drove from LA to Irvine last night to see at the Improv, but he cancelled.
My daughter is helping to tend the #organic garden at #Eckerd College. I'm so proud! What other colleges grow organic?
Jazz Jam at Multi Kulti 1000 N. Milwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL. Hosted by Myself n The Vince Davis 4tet. ROY HARGROVE might come through late!
Enjoyed time with and my Twitterless friend/manager Dave!
Thanks for following. I'm happy to connect!
do you know karate? cuz your body is kickin
that's what I look like on a Monday morning after a Football Sunday at the Old State
Going to be a great crowd at Madrigall tonight! Salsa music and dancing by DJ Howard! 1627 Oak, KCMO a few blocks south of Power & Light
Brain dead tonight sorry.
thanks for RT, Chris.
These A Day To Remember people are funny. And they have free shirts.
It's sucks having to work when you're sick. Ughgghhhh...
“: watching and suddenly is playing?!? #crazy #stilllovethem”
How does USA like playing in Canada? I thought we were friends.Canucks cheering for Czech
Consider: if the players get the owners to concede on the system issues in favor of #50/50 or #53/47, but get to loosen the luxury tax
If I had a beard, I would dye it purple.
I remember the old Austin: with braces, doing covers on Youtube, singing on ustreams, living in San Antonio, Texas ♥.
Thanks all for the congratulations today. Proud to contribute to Boston's vibrant tech community.
Slightly singed blueberry muffins... #dammit. I'm no Betty Crocker.
yes!! Now we can play!
Are you going to the curling open house or the stuff after tomorrow?
Woo Hoo Start the weekend baby, epic!
agreed, B.
#New this week at Sydney b. Wee One Hair Accessories. Bows, Headbands, and adorable Baby Bands all in your favorite summer time colors!
yo ass sleepy talkin like that
Far out! Mono or stereo?
ill take the mavs with world peace shooting dumb 3's
Work! Covergirl! LOL... thanks for the laugh sister!
Yes! Go to the vet
RRT: Thanks for the shout out!!! >> Very welcome! :)
Don't you hate it when you take a test and you're like YES... I did well on that! :D and then you get it back.. and you didnt :/
Not legally allowed to leave home without it RT : I hope you have a pitch pipe prop.
Congrats to you as well! I like the term "new adult" used for Forever Girl. Good to establish a niche generational bridge.
Just heard there are $2 Domestic Drafts at The Tailgate (across the street from ) after the #Nuggets game! Giddy Up!
Do you have chickens? Is one especially beautiful? If so, join us for 2nd annual Chicken Dayz in FoCo 4/21! Enter your chick in our contest!
So there is beer there? RT Here we go...
Messiah hat trick for Pep
boehner can't get enough votes from his own party & house is full of tea party idiots, he got what he deserved.
the reply to that is, that is sad because I love you. Or something like that.
SquE-Z me once shame on no one, because thats what your suppose to do!
Going to see my Best "Sister" Friends! So Excited!
You know, if college football adopted a draft, it would really cut down on the recruiting scandals.
Don't lie to me.
you want me to post it now? what title shall i put?
haha me too
HOCKEY!!! 2 U
np yw! have a great rest of the week
Am I the only one that finds Kendall's paleness attractive?
So sad to hear about Steve Jobs. He was truly a visionary RIP
Well she no longer is making new episodes of her show but I'm sure she'd make one for you!
How Safe is Our Food? | The Alliance for Natural Health USA: The information in Pulse of Natural Health is for educational purposes o...
I just wanna have a guy I can write songs about again! And love! Gah!!
MT : is lowering pay meter to 10 free articles/month - but links from Twitter, Facebook, blogs remain free, unlimited
it says ur not and that i cant dm u
Bryce Harper is good but cocky as hell. Hope he chokes his debut. I'd love to see him try & blow a kiss to a major league pitcher
Silver on civic engagement enhanced via social media: helps make planning fun and eases communication
Haha y'all failed.
#whereuat? tonite RESERVE LOUNGE 723 main st houston,tx follow
Danes ripping
love you
Nice! RT : Good to see San Antonio native boxing legend on Twitter. Nice find
sounds to me like you might have a chance tho (: clean the dishes, clean your room, fold the laundry. lmao then ask again.
Listening to new #amaryllis such diversity and growth with every album they put out.
My mom keeps tellin me i tweet to much:/ smh PARENTS THESE DAYS!!:)
Margaret Thatcher~ I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
French exam tomorrow, shittttt
when is he due?
according to yadira i am a ugly sack of shit mexican.
agree with that one! Thats why we made the cellhelmet....
#raw is in my city tonight #Pittsburgh :-) wish I was there
Lilly is a Giants-killer. Pretty fucking annoying.
ya probably not a good idea to post it on the Internet where everyone can see it.
I was just thinking the same thing about you. How have I missed you on here before?
has a baking bucket just for her molasses cookies! Y'all should be jealous ;)
Getting RATCHET!
so happy so goddamn happy. :)
thats no good hun & for some reason its the opposite with me, i actually get more sleep justsaying i wen he comes i wana know
Cheers to the for winning public service Pulitzer. Well deserved.
*Important question* If I saw you in person and I did some MAGIC TRICKS!!!! would you be amazed??? :)
when there's nothing to do make a gif
How did I forget that today is George Clooney's birthday?!
It's a damn shame. All the political bullshit does nothing for a future mke. All talk no movement
RT : 8 words Managers should consider using daily - 'how can I help?' & 'what do you think?' |
Love this one....have to fav
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight 7 & 7:30 during The Big Bang Theory! Good Luck!
Hangin at Perk's #INDOOR practice!
heck yea!
Interviewing for Summer Internships..DM us if you are interested in online #marketing, #PR or #social media in #Phoenix area
finally remembered my key!
I'm happy to contribute a recipe if needed. Cannot imagine triplets! Gripe water is a homeopathic remedy for fussy tummies.
Join us on Monday, April 9th at 10a for the launch of our new show..."Catch The Buzz" on WNST1570. Sports talk & stuff...
I should be more on top of these things. Love Zooey.
okay man! No need to get hostile on me
oh shot
Happy Easter! I hope it was great!
The Real Housewives of Disney. Hilarious.
yep Alicia and I had it too.
Number one on my Christmas list? The book #StartWithWhy by
#Educare of Chicago featured nicely in new video "Great Expectations". Great work!
Thanks a lot! Be sure to check out for good info! RT I am a millennial, and you nailed it today!
We're ready for you #Chicago!!! Come say hi!!!
mixed reviews of writing. The word "low brow" was used. Others not interested in content, just form & materiality.
Dislike females who think they better than everybody
If that doesn't teach you a lesson i don't know what will
2 finals down...3 to go!
good times at Ghostland!!! Team building!
My armpits are soft as fuuuckk.
Not sure why McCain/Palin are so defensive about Game Change. The characters in the movie are a very sympathetic portrayal of them both.
Im not even paying attention :p im so out of it!
Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement confirming a Los Angeles Times report that he had fathered a child with a
fine. About to see some friends. And u?
Finally back on. Rough day.
Right? Kind of neat to imagine what Titanic would have been like with Twitter ...
Hey cold weather.. I hate you!
Only 4 weeks until summer!
55 and sunny in Anchorage still!
Started rehearsing a few weeks back The Small of Her Back by which was a 2009 Kendeda Finalist at the
Blood everywhere.
Ha! You rule.
Great place! Say "hello" to Chris.
In CD/BF match-up: polls go to CD; electorates goes to BF; draw on the candidates; better campaign goes to CD
okay, I get it. #GYLO is the simulation version of Knewton. Instrumented simulations to be embedded in flat publications.
Everyone was upset. But then miraculously Mark Cuban stepped in & offered the $40k, "saved the parade" & everyone was there this yr
On , : 9/11 a punctuation point in post-cold war world. Beginning of end of American dominance.
You are a great entertainer, good vocab, sports knowledge sub-par, highly disappointed in how religious you are
Got dirty and loved it! MUST make The Dirty Girl Mud Run an annual excursion with my girlfriends!
Forget #idol, I'm watching the #WISCONSIN game!
> Thanks Stephen - go ahead and direct your letter to .gov and he'll follow up with you this week
Boo piece got free tickets to Anita Baker at Radio City Music Hall. Yup!!
With all the junk on the news, it's nice to see heroes like the Newark Mayor.
no wonder you never wanted with me hahah
RT : #credibility Tip: invest in professional qualifications
#TGIF lots to do this weekend in the house. tired of the mess
gay spam..
Awh. Keep moving forward! It's okay. Things will turn out better
closing out a busy week by signing Thank You letters to dedicated donors. You all make this work possible. Thank you!
Dang I aint even at this girls party but I know almost everything thats going on thanks to my TL!!
Monday Trivia warmup: What was the first arcade game that Nintendo adapted to play at home?
Very timely. All this talk about wine and oysters is making me hungry.
New features, new fixes, new rewards, new announcements coming soon!
So this is what popped into my head this morning: I promise to be unique...
My name is Madelyne and I am ONE day at the time DOER! From Washington DC.
I'm going to rock a vest like that next week at Rupp. Hot!!!
I didn't insist :p, "none" is also a valid answer.
You still have time to fresh'N up your w TODAY at 218 W. 39th St, or 816.756.5887
Great day meeting with new client/creative partner and recording another National Sam's Club Radio Spot..it's me and a female Sam's member..
The Best Way To Predict The Future: Create It. (Peter F. Drucker)
It is a big move, even if it's just a couple of miles away--still have to pack like going to Timbuktu!
I love how clean I feel once I'm out of the shower
Have you seen the news coverage about every major city being covered with KONY 2012 poster? Me neither.
Dr. Chris Goeschel, assistant professor at School of Medicine is our speaker today. Hyatt Downtown 12:15 all are welcome!
LOVELY!!!! we can tweet at each other lots! :) Welcome to the
RT : Laughter is an instant vacation. - Milton Berle
i have other debit cards but none pop like these..
tonight the party is great at the gates!
You just put your lips together and come real close
I wonder how much of this is improvised vs. composed?
It's my super excited-for pick for 2012! I'm hoping they'll screen it relatively concurrently with its Cannes debut
i know im excited!! hurt his old ass
#AHA releases 2012-2013 schedule. Stay tuned for #Bentleyhockey broadcast schedule!
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
Where can I watch barcelona Vs madrid live online? Anyone plz?:)
So into UW I was. And then I learned to love learning. BA, MA, PHD all from University of Wisconsin-Madison. The UW gave me a second chance
You've taken advantage of what you know is an extremely volatile situation and said any and as many inflammatory things...
i so agree he is the best
Looking forward to watching you in D-Town!!
Bout to start my hw
Emerging from Lyme Disease-induced social media blackout...slowly.
The biggest lesson I've gotten from this call is that I need to redefine my business model so that passion fuels it.
but I do appreciate your response.
I'm liking the Atl Under
'Nurture your thoughts with great thoughts, To believe in the heroic, makes heroes.' - Disraeli (1804-1881)
RT What small quakes do to libraries: U of Maryland McKeldin Library [photos] bit.ly/o3q4be via
No, its in NYC. I'll let you know if we do a web presentation anytime soon!
Just got spoke with a superintendent who doesn't believe his district should have a policy against bullying, "It's not definable"! Thoughts?
KK! Love you! XO
FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
This girl just said "we want UK signings" Babe you can walk down the street in the UK & meet them. I can't exactly swim across the Atlantic.
My phone either gets 20 texts/sec or none at all -__-
Free car wash=Rainy morning
2 days to go!!
yeah that would be dope
Taxonomy is a lot like racism. It's a classifying of living things.
Smh... Give a basic chick some airmax and she think she Beyonce... Lol
I am also taking a try at candle making, its not hard at all! Who doesnt love a candle?!
who says next iPhone will be launched in June, previous one went live in October
well it's plausible
Shitty day for baseball but a great day for hockey! Pensin7
never date a girl who is promiscuous. All they want to do is fuck and give it up
Yes indeed.
Hulk > Iron Man > Hawkeye > Thor > Captain America > Black Widow
panties smanties who needs em? Been there before. To.funny
Are you a local celebrity with a penchant for drinking wine? Please DM me for a potential article.
Thank you for the follow.
walked to work today, thinking about walking right back home to my pool
Ugh got chosen to test on Wednesday for history. Great.
scoop up your boy
Love a women dat tlks football
Play guitar until my hand goes numb: CHECK
so did
Learn about creature book binding with at booth 97, 4 pm
Hey People. I'm gonna be Tweeting back in 4/13/12 Morning. :D Can't wait to talk to you guys.
Goodnight twitter😥
RT : "You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”― Rumi
Our sponsors today #smbmad: Ongoing - Mtg sponsor Batch Bakehouse.
Yes, the Leann Rimes show has been rescheduled
AWW I love you to ;) LMAOO. kiddingg ;D seriously? that's all you knoww? omg i was a white&cool child. check fb. xD
Got My Paper Done Now I Can Try To Go To Sleep...
Veryant Announces New COBOL Training Class
Due to a loss in the family I have not been tweeting lately. If you have a soul, you won't hold it against me. This means you, zombie.
at 1:30 on a wednesday? what's up with that?
Watching the episode of Rachel Zoe where she has to cook Passover dinner
Nice prediction. Keep up the good work.
another brother signed up for SRC!!! And he is actually a voracious reader, so no need to choose books for him :)
"Who Let The Dogs Out?" and "Summertime Girls."
Hey how you no abt B.O.B lol I been got tried of Bob
does Express Invoice all work locally? it's not online, right?
I've seen play at both foxboro stadiums and protect multiple QBs. #ThankYouMattLight for the blood, sweat, tears and the rings!
“: Sex with a #Gemini is unforgettable!”
Don't. You'll just be disappointed.
Just submitted. My fingers are crossed!
#Raleigh peeps - what's your favorite Raleigh activity? Looking for fun things to do with the parents this weekend.
#Eng9 Period One- HUGE improvement on last vocab quiz!!! Woot woot!!!! Well done.
So I got home from my bar gig after midnight. Queen Rock Montreal was on Paladia. I watched the whole thing.
you looked beautiful on The View today! I want your dress! lol =D
that would be GREAT! Tell him we'll record a video "thank you" in return!
#vre2010. Hi class. I think I added everyone. Let me know if I missed you please!
Ever try to wipe your ass when your back is thrown out of wack? Not fun.
yeah :) lol so who this?
#rcdlc #EXERCISE #EXERCISE Ready Shelby in TN is there for the impacted communities, local resources are the first resources!
LOL IMAGINE IF SUGARSCAPE ACTUALLY DID COVER IT
Sometimes u have to be selfish, if u can't put urself first, u can't expect anyone else to
My cousin,Megan Toth,writes a fun blog called "Nails & Ales." Send her beer if you want to see if she can match her nails to the label. ;)
I feel so calm and happy x) huge weight off my shoulders haha
pen and paper are the new retro cool
oh, I'd love that!
um what? Lol who are you.
Hell no lol RT : U dyed ur hair gold fam?? « Fucking free day at the zoo?!»
Drinking protein shake right out of the blender cause I dont want to find a cup # lazy
It's Wednesday!
that avi...nice taste
It never seems to fail... the more popular, the less insight.
starting pre-game preparations for Wisconsin-Penn State.
God I hate going home sometimes
they have big fat juicy footlongs at DQ!
Plastic Business Cards? Cheaper than you'd think...
Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre #Newark. Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan. Be creative!
Erich is back tonight at the Friday Night Dance. $7 and held from 7pm-10pm in the Big Room. Full Cash Bar available. For more info on...
Just watched 21 Jump Street . & i thought it was a badass movie :DD & funny as hell.
going to the homecoming game later. GO VISTA!!! YEAH! I hope we crush Galt.
Is anyone a A member?
Apparently I can't do that . Ohwell
Thanks for the recent mentions:
One loyal Bad Girl Friend is better than one hundred hoes...
Hi Surfers Healing, we have a mutual friend I would love a chance to speak with you. Please follow back.
Thanks for the support...halfway there already!!!
is awesome nuff said.
Tomorrow's friday.
about time stranger :)
It's great. Doesn't happen that often, but when it does it's fantastic.
Doing well! Summer is on the way i better see you! RT : lol just waiting for the summer to get here! how about you?!
I don't know where your heart went, it was here just the other day
“: If Elway's smart, he'll take him straight to Casa Bonita.” haha! That would be the best way to ensure he leaves Denver
Dont cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me
Wet & windy!!! RT How's Scripps Ranch looking like for 2 o'clock?
before i die, i will see , , & the rest of #TheHungerGames cast in person. ♥
was the best all-time poker blogger. No one is doing good poker writing anymore. One reason: the game is repetitive.
Gr8 job #Devils Good riddance Silly Walkers!!!! Now let's go Kings!!!!
Not over. I'm still headed to Phoenix on Saturday and am looking for a #HAWKS victory.
girls that wear sb's >>>
Not promiscuous at all! “: LinkedIn: r u a promiscuous linker (to just anyone) or is it a truly business network? #bmamke #smb2b”
great. no phone, thank you apple products for quitting on me out of nowhere..
They are pretty damn cool
Its Not A One Night Stand Cuz If U Fye Bear Bound To Call..
what im gettin' into tonight, though...
Guests coming from out of town. What are the best everyday New Orleans food joints?
Happy Mothers Day to all women
got the first album art concept today... we're on to something! excited for this.
Beto's Mexican food is the food of gods.
salute big homie you had a good game
Hey shawtys and tweeters
RT: This week the Marketing and Social Media Maven will be our guest on #mediachat! The fun starts at 10pm EST. Bring a friend!
I am single and crushinnn on someone I noe I can't have :'[ and i wont see him until the science test cus we have testing together:/
So glad to see you on #GH!
": R E T W E E T I F YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB"
T1: Today's physician is very #mHealth savvy I think. I believe that most of them just need a little training on efficiency.
You two watch The Killing as well?
I want to ask what u guys did in Vegas...but I don't think I want to know ;)
no one perfect, and everyone have a mistake.. so, never think that you're perfect and you don't have mistakes
Happy birthday to my long lost best friend !
Never knew love could feel like a heart attack. Worst pain that I ever had.
I'm totally new to Twitter. Getting a lesson in tweets from
OH and that is at New Dawn Theater in Duluth. sent via TTYtter client.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou Can I get witcha - Biggie Smalls.
“GLOBAL14: Who be drinking energy drinks?” me
It was nice meeting you at 500 today! I'll see you soon and bring you our shirt! ;)
Oh you fancy now
Please note: Animal Humane will be closed today due to weather conditions. Please be safe and keep pets indoors!
Hope everybody got a broom cause the knicks getting swept today
Life's too short to be anything but happy 💙💜
Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the body’s energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works
I use twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
Now playing, Prince Fielder BP session
Earprint Productions is gearing up for the AAM Presentation in LA on May 23: "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces."
Don't worry,there is only one Footloose!!
Happy Mother's Day to , to the moms we've lost, still have around to hold, love & appreciate and the ones yet to join the ranks!
Turnovers: 13 for Grizzlies 3 for #CLIPPERS. Good stat!
My senioritis is really bad today.
Getting ready to teach today at Berklee. Many gigs coming up, Yikes!
No, guy on FB that I dropped for hitting on me... I don't want to be your friend again. You are creepy. And married. And creepy.
A truly fitting subject for that paper!
Indiana just entered the $4 gasoline club, joining Alaska, California, Connecticut, DC, Hawaii, Illinois, NY, Oregon and Washington. Joy.
I guess I'm going to be in good company in Hell. and.. based on the Phelps clan destination.. I'll have a lawyer
Fuck bitches get money.
Thinking About ,& Wishing/Dreaming/Hoping you Will ONE DAY Notice Me' ill never Give up
They were adorable in that "why am I infatuated with you right now?!" kind of way. I have a massive crush on them as a unit.
The penny just dropped.
did this reach you?
haha better living through chemistry? :-P
thanks Bodie! should be a fun weekend.
don't be so hard on him. He probably got cute features. Focus on the features.
About to lay down since I unfortunately have to go to school tomorrow. Last tweet as a 14 year old. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Web of Support looking for 700 people to send movie packages (DVD, popcorn etc) to soldiers overseas. If interested email
You guys coming to Startup Weekend Gov next weekend? It's been too long...
I havent trusted anyone since I got mugged
yo man good gettin to meet and build a bit at SXSW!
Hit me up nigga
“: ALL the laker haters can't beat me 1 on 1 though ; D” lalala
i can't even go to sleep!
the ones from at gisels house? -.- i will i will
Happy #MLKDay! "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" -Martin Luther King, Jr.
ugh whatever out w my girls !
thanks boo!!! Miss you!!
sazs catering boss talking about sex four times a day?!
Welcome to MONDAY!
SOMEONE FOLLOW
So tryna go out this weekend :))
guess what
America Got Talent. Exhausting trip, long lines , anxiety . I love it! Try it?
done! Can't wait!
I miss you like crazy. Fix Skype or I will bite you
RT : The future of education isn't going to cost $500 and subscription fees. It's going to cost nothing.
i also like the word "accomplice" - "one associated with another especially in wrongdoing" ..sounds about right to me.
Thank you for favorited!
I really think should make a keek of him biting his lips. I'm sure all of us would love that (; js
If you plan on coming to America we can make something happen ;)
Recruiting near Columbus (OH)... Thinking about hitting up a few of the local hot spots to get a couple tatts. #ballin'
Awww thank you sis :) God bless you too!! How is exams going? Mine are going crazy lol
Ain get it
Why is it ALWAYS so nice out on Wednesdays, when I don't have time to relax outside?! :(
More followers please!!, lol
Shout out to you and Derek for such great customer service. Means a lot!
I've seriously been in bitch mode all day. I feel sorry for my boyfriend. Haah.
its something we have been talking about..focusing on 1st single right now though..
Looking for a wordpress genius to help with www.creativeanimalrelief.org website this is a volunteer position to help the animals
Sometimes I think I lost something really important to me, and it turns out I already ate it.
that's great man. Hope to see you this week or next. Thanks for everything bro
