Watching #Seattle I can't believe I just saw pull a #JimTheCop'd
this sunday taking my niece to see selena gomez at the rodeo houston
RT : tulo plays #boyfriend when he comes up to bat! BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF THE BIEBZ!
Everyone should go follow .. This bitch is hilarious! =)
Just saw your tweet! I got a Nook Color and love it! I've spent more on ebooks in the last month than I ever spent on books.
crying i am in so much pain
Henny Youngman~ My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesnt need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.
Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother. ~Oprah Winfrey
suspect the AC has just been turned on at work. It's March 21. No, there's not climate change, no way!
that was a pretty good laugh. Thanks for ab workout.
You might have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly, but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly! Ha, ha! ~ Eddie Murphy in Shrek
what??? What happened?
Last chance to RSVP for 944's Fashion Issue bash at Side Bar tonight! Hosted by Michael Lee w/ a fab fashion show! www.944.com/944fashion
Writers block is killing me right now. Float me some inspiration.
I've met Bubba and he was great to me and had great conversation with me!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡16
yes they are very fun. Just very expensive
potato ...orgy?
We are all just prisoners here, of our own device
For once I managed to do some shredding without overheating the shredder.
vibes + omni jam sometime? music for butterflies?
Watch half time report or run and pick up a few things for Easter dinner?
can we get a shout out for #levilowrey? Co-writer for Zac Brown Band's "Colder Weather"?
your welcome(: I will Voxer you back after I get done doing my yoga class (:
Will do. Not sure I ever mentioned it before, but thanks for the Colorlist work. Been a fan of Gorczynski for awhile.
Jake Da Snake completed his music video for the track "Told A Lie" over the weekend with legendary video director Morocco Vaughn
Kentucky and Kansas are making 87% of shots that make it to the rim in this game.
#prproblems RT : Booking flights, drafting press releases, sending emails. Typical
We get a major NPR piece and I'm happy to spread news = 5 retweets= you ditch me. I'm not sharing any Wegman's goodies w/ you
: Had an incredible time learning so much at the #EMExpo today. Y'all are totally inspiring!
ABOUT A WEEK - Second focus group on blue ray. Great response. We getting closer to completion.
When I'm stressed, I snack. This has not been good for my waistline of late :-/ (Thank god for a good metabolism) *crunch crunch cruch*
Obvious question: Why do tix sell out in minutes, then appear on reseller sites immediately?
just got home from school and so bored
Rumormill: Sportier Range Rover Evoque ... - Auto Electric Parts
once again instant gratification prevails!
Bad news bears. I need to get caught up with Mad Men. Finished season 4 a while ago.
Watching Haven on syfy!!! I love science fiction stories!
My favorite #REM song!
agreed, they are corporations but it certainly is a lot easier to develop for android
it was ehhh… /: how was your day?
I've never done a speech in front of so many people before..
follow back?
the botox cure is a homeopathic principle being demonstrated again.
A crazy guy who people think is Jesus is far more interesting than a puppet people think is Goober.
hey mr good boy. Good job teaching the little guy the hoops.
Yo when you gonna remix ?
Great to see such a PACKED house at #jmu612 so many new faces. Obviously trademark law & social media is on people's minds!
I know I've been tweeting a lot about #HansZimmer but he's straight killing it. Best study music by far
Oh my god I'm so exhausted
#PAIN&GLORY
Where to advertise/how specific to be in job descs have been problematic in recruiting #clir postdocs. Our hosts go both ways.
yes the drafting has improved...people can blame FA for losing, but even if Pirates retained everyone still not .500
can you please RT i NEED to know when your new cd is coming out *lots of love* hope you have a GREAT day ;) ♥♥' iloveyou ;D
happy birthday!!
Monkees star Davy Jones mourned in private funeral Monkees star Davy Jones has been remembered in a small private funeral in Florida.
I have an appointment at 11, so I'm going to the one at 2:30.
On the road!
Enjoyed hearing the smart folks on the #opendata panel:
Waiting for carter at dean urgent care. Hopefully not a broken jaw!
You look pretty happy in your picture :DD Do you like cute musicians??
It's your love, it just does something to me, it sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough
you look ready for a nice day though.. jealous
I saw - I voted!
Great time last night at Century Link Field with over 38,000 of my fellow Sounder fans!!!!
I wanna to be a SuperMan ♥
Tomorrow at noon here in #Madison, #Wisconsin. #Solidarity March for #OccupyOakland and
I honestly have no idea whatsoever
So much for going upstairs on Mike Smith!!
I think you're right; case studies are critical. Just not a believer in "Let's do X bc Y other nonprofits do it" w/o info.
Most Irish brides include shamrocks in their bridal bouquet as well as in the groom’s boutonniere.
Chipotle makes the heart grow fonder
happy hour at Daily Grill
accidently pullin the charger out the wall w/ distance in between & your comfortable
I have been trying to decide which one...
fuck that and fuck you !!! Love is magical !!! And it fueling me to be better and work it it fueling me to move mountains
Surfer Holly McClane, or just Surfer Holly
Battle Royale on the big screen!
Sitting in the second row for Cabin in the Woods. Yea im that girl.
Franklin, it seems we see a lot of you... But is there a better park to be in on a day like this? I think it's time for al pastor tacos!
Salute to the great city of
& in the Trop- 3801 LV BLVD. Sick night! Hit me up for tables.
BIDEN accidentally admits to have SEVERE case of FECAL IMPACTION , THUS forcing OBAMA admit to same.
I hated tags for gmail too.. Then I tagged my entire inbox, started at 0, and now it's an excellent "to do" list / PM tool
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Imbued with memories fond.. Amen to that brother. "RTs : S/O college days, swiftly past!"
what r u doing over there
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
LOVE to have LOCAL cinema sound in my HOUSE...
haha this post just made me miss you more!
It was pretty great!
Honor your word over your circumstances, feelings, justifications and reasons. That's living in integrity.
any team that plays Meeks this many minutes should change their name to the Bobcats.
It must be national drive a Buick day
Lol (: I wud hate to c anything happen to them xP
Going to the country club for a Derby party. Expecting crazy hats.
WTF :( I have managed to spend $700 in 30 minutes.
Gonna be battlin the elements today at the #TournamentClubofIowa GC. Hope KearneyCC and the Pit is nice for and
Just watched a 3 hour long doc on Mr. Rogers. He will always be my
Long line for Santa photos today
You know you have a true friend when it's a mutually symbiotic relationship, there's no competition, and you both win
there have certainly been nights with big pockets and early TOTS departures. And underage friends that just wanted a rail.
"cold fusion" or "ColdFusion"? I guess you'd get laughed at either way.
Hi how are you???
Mother tells 2 daughters that daddys not coming home... Littlegirl1: can i call him? Mom: they dont have phones in heaven,
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
The male Yak says GOAL! Goodstuff Rovers
If blood will flow when flesh and steel are one, drying in the colour of the evening sun...
! RT : i dont want perfect, i want worth it.
Not yet. I definitely will, though. I just think that Reggie Evans is going to give the Spurs major problems.
that doesnt make sense....
how oold r u then?
Wet Stone Winebar: For an early NYE dinner 4pm-8pm $48++ Pre Set Menu. See menu @ wetstonewinebar.com And find it on Facebook Cheers!
Really. They have enough time to be judgmental assholes and talk about the students behind their backs, why not try to teach
im tired a'f. night twitter !
How can Monday mornings be made better? When 2 out of your 5 meetings get cancelled to start the day.
that was my original thought ;) great minds think alike
lol my bad :P
No mo fuckin Adele, I hope she don't win no fuckin mo, but god damn she won again, I thought Bruno mars was goin 2 win dat Damn Bruno Mars
Olympic trials straight out of high school?
K , fine I unfollow he's too arrogant :P
of course :)
follow plz won't let me dm
getting skinnier, loosing teeth... I saw a poster in the counselors office about this once.
Heading to the #FlaDerby at for some & then watch the BIG game. Go Cats!
today was 4 months since ive started working c:
"An obscene gay Prarie Home Companion." - I Love You... Were Fucked.
This child knew to not trust the parents in the home as early as five years of age.
We are on the road again. Will be in oklahoma city tonight.
Baseball season is here! Can officially say
I'm leaving Chicago for the 4th of July. Because I'm not a huge fan of, you know, people.
OMP!!!! I LOVE U PAULY D!!!! ur one of da only reasons y I watch jersey shore!!! U beast!
I really loved The 5-year engagement last night. It was hilarious and really fun to see with my girl friends.
umm, most of us did“: A year ago today the story broke on Jim Tressel.... Who would have thought a year later he would be gone???”
that is very tempting
Oh hai, it's the birthday of my favorite player: Joel Hanrahan. Happy birthday !!!
Drunk on casseroles with crazies.
If you see a chubby brunette with facial piercings hanging out with a ginger or two and at least 4-5 other hipsters, that's me!
Three Doors Down, "Let Me Go"
3 to go.
well i tried but it didnt work.
Who should I follow, or ?
hahaha I'm at work! he's one of my coworkers and he's super finneeeee!
I absolutely love waking up on the weekends and watching #EPL soccer. From my bed.
#INSen #INElect12 MT Had a great unity event today w/ Our team is geared up for victory!
Dance rehearsal
Shouldn't the subtitles be in English? What am I missing?
what time u get bk 10
haii twitter followers ^-^
I applaud 's political courage going against teachers' unions for the sake of improving education. Politicians, take note.
Done! Temptation is always better when one goes back for seconds.
wat u mean easy
OUCH! Discovered a bump on my forehead wondering how I got it as I don't remember.
I really need to start carrying a knife
the only thing to do is make the best of it! It's always a great time to get in the market!
If you might not like the answer-don't ask the question!
Lol! It's cool now, since Sarah left me for that Ben character and his penis.
RT : Help plan next Troy Davis event w/ Bmore death penalty abolitionists - 7pm @ 4806 York rd.
Thanks. I'm psyched! Ready for what's next :) Buyers are great.
I would love a Vera Bradley wallet!
Has completed an Inquisition by the mom and is having a beer and cheese puffs with Michael. A wee bit of peace......
Dear Karma, If I do some really nice things today can I get away with being really bad tonight?
Quote of the day... "We haven't had tea since the days of Christian D-ioooooor."
Trying to get the hang of this application
awww! Miss you too! Hope you and the family are well!!
Making, Mapping, Mining and Meaning - the 4 principles that are shaping enterprises today via
Ladies please bring shoulder pads back
Happy Thanksgiving to you also!!
Cute couples are the cutest.
I'm a guy, I get jealous when you talk to other guys, I get upset when I see you with other guys, It's because I like you.
I love the smell of laundry detergent! :)
night! Sweet dreams!
Ohh you sucked him up? How did my vagina taste bitch(:
so true!
Hey guys! Curious what are your favorite kinds of films to watch? Horror? Comedy? Drama? Love story?
I've made mistakes , but i've learned from them
Besides #echofon n #tweetcaster eats a good twitter app for #iphone ??? Bcuz I'm not feelin these 2
RT : The dog was created specially for children. He is the god of frolic. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Come watch the Superbowl at the Refectory!!!! 7 - 11 foot T.V.'s and 20 plasmas. Free entry.
CATCH ME IF YOU CAN: Tomorrow bright and early 6:20 on WKZO's Lori Moore Show and 7:25 on WJR's Paul W. Smith Show
Holy high waves at
#WTD11 Happy World Thinking Day to all Girl Guides and Girl Scouts around the world!
I was coloring eggs
- congrats on the new hire! exciting move for the
we haven't done a food challenge yet. I imagine its agonizing. My thoughts will be with both of u!
Finally home in Boston. Well. Landed and headed to the T. But that counts. Where are my keys?
sorry all, got spammed. I don't really think that photo is you.
Hey home early cause I'm not feeling good and cause sumtin bad happened today!:(
Be Getting On My Ever Lasting Nerves Sometimes Lmao But I Love My Nuckle Headed Ace 😊
If i give you 50, could you pay me back?
damn I thought you were joking. Where will you brew it?
hey when are this yeas Texas Social Media awards?
whole house exterior paint jobs starting at 2k!
oh thanks alot… i see how it is…
No Way!!!! We'll see you there then!! Who else is going??? :)
Holla - good stuff!
oh you never know... it's been a while since i got to play darts
Listen twice. Speak once.
WE want to see a picture of your Pinkberry! Stop by and tweet us a pic!
Obama has been great for the careers and bottom lines of many conservative media types, including you!
Check Out the new pics for this week in
Glad you enjoyed the show!
#LimpBizkit signs wit
Shot im ready fa my vacate!!!!
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?~~~~Lily Tomlin
Stella McCartney dropped by today. I've seen my fair share of famous faces but Stella McCartney takes the cake.
So in theory, a human-sized bunny is supposed to hide eggs in the middle of the night?
Thanks for telling me. Things are getting better with the new site. You need a thick skin.
That man to cool he dropped out of chs Jv
#erl12 #libleadership . there's a certain arrogance in the word leader, tendency to say "there's a leader, i can take a nap"
what,that cant be true is it.
No, your just a Legend... a Living Legend.
So much for having an outline. I am still flailing through the first draft.
that seriously made me chuckle
Good morning fam! Have a great one!
Longest day ever
The free reusable bag from today? Just the right size to be pretty much useless . Nice concept, less than ideal execution.
😱 well fine bitch it wasn't aimed towards you anyways....
Stand tall.. its gets a little better, I see the wall that we can break down together - thanks to for the inspiration
Btw, how are you? Hope life in Hawaii is treating you fabulously. :)
Dexter ROCKS!!!!
is killllin me . im dying to know now . ugh !
- In Psychology class
Heh RT : "Dear Santa, I'm writing to let you know I have been naughty, and it was worth it, you fat, judgmental bastard"
Quotes for custom builds completely depend on what your interested in having made. Tell me more?
nice imagine....... O_O
if i get you a Giraffe will you send me, Niall?
Yesterday i was so sick but i'm feeling better :)
Have you heard the drunk caller get irate? Listen to "Listener Complaint" at www.freekshowradio.com
Dam @ more Days!! XD
Probably important we accept/expect tech issues as part of using it in public.
that too
everyone is saying legos glad my kids are to young for this now LOL
crunching on some chip all loud like if she got speakers in her mouth lol :-)
I want to date Shane West but the Shane West 10 years ago.
congrats on the show my dude
"Since the great recession of 2008, Zombie interest has taken off. Feelings of insecurity."
Go Kawhi. Im mow a Pacer fan.
Ransom-specific: Infinite Bacon. Bacon Revisited. Bacons Wake. The Green Bacon. The Bacon Book.
Watched Precious this morning instead of blow out game and best choice. Tough movie to watch but Mo' did great job.
thanks for the follow please RT that we will be giving away 2 tickets to a random follower to check out our show on Jan 21
Just saw the video of David Walliams singing with the Show Bears
This weekend
On my way home from simi. Fuck I'm tired
Ok angry birds is str8
Christopher Rauschenberg mentioned me as peek (peak) from I'm honored. Thank you!
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Hey Happy Ass.
had a great presenter in class today talked about interesting concepts on improving education in Philadelphia
EVA's next meeting is this Sat. March 5th!!! Conflict,Character and Motivation w/ Terry Blain @ Azusa Public Library. Hope to see you there!
Ken Kesey~ Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
#ff, come up from the Springs & have a Ding Dong soon :) RT Ding Dongs ? Can you save me one
hosting lunch today #TED to explore tech that allow citizens to engage more deeply in community with leading experts
Over last 2 hours, I've received 4 duplicate invites to an event I've already signed up for. Looks like there might be a bug...
Emotional roller coaster
Dominos dude just drove by. Pizza for breakfast doesn't sound too bad
Glad Tyson Chandler won Defensive Player of the Year but part of me feels Mavs championship run was still fresh in some voters minds.
she needs to get over herself ! Haha
lol I know!!
Dang , theress something wrong w/my family :O we al got issues .
Fun deal for new clients today: Buy 3 products from the Thickening, Quenching, or Mending line & get a free blowdry with Sean! ($45 value!)
1 week e-mail sent to photogs for 'habitat' images
The average host with 20+ people will earn over $1,000! Book your GOLD PARTY TODAY! Call (800) 774-9134!
follow packer plush
- thanks! Yeah...we're here for reasons that align with our company vision...but my passion is rock in many different forms
The new #LinkinPark song is as gay as
yuum im so hungry. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I spent $10 on that bad boy & everything in it descripes her to the T.
haah not nice.
Ice cold air now blowing in the studio; life is good.
I'm sorry, superior intellect coupled with peak human agility and strength? Yeah, you're right in calling Batman a superhero.
RT : . Capitalism is a physical manifestation of psychopathy.
In a fight with my best friend. Clearly she isn't my best friend if she is picking fights with me for no reason. ):
Just because your clothes are cute doesn't mean you are cute."
Put #LeBron on a milk carton GO
Wu-Tang is for the children.
LOL. yes of course i love it, thank you so much for letting me sleep on it again. :)
The importance of allowing the people you care about to learn their life lessons cannot be overstated. Concentrate your energies on you!
yea ik but at lease I got married to him and only if tht would really happen
big fan of dania londono in that she's pretty much running train on the secret service at this point. i'm happy when people get that chance.
Last week of summer an the weather sucks, great :/
Welcome to Twitter......hehehe
I was too engrossed in my chickpea fritter a minute ago to immediately realize that was beeping at me
9 minutes and counting!
they hinted at it...i had thought about that too...i have a couple of articles i need to finish up so i can put them live
The way you look The way you laugh The way you love with all you have There ain't nothing 'bout you that don't do something for me 🎶💓
hi sup?
I legit cried from laughter listening to bryzgalov on 24/7 tonight
and haha thanks man thanks for the support means a lot much appreciated ! Hope you could get back into fighting and good luck on
#DragonsDen follow for some great baby products
Rooting for the other team eh? My Chrome (mac version) won't even load the website haha
You're the cream in my coffee
Anyone know how to cite a tweet in ASA style?
< feel better
I hate it when a person tells me to "chill." THE FUCK YOU SAID BRUH??? I AM CHILL BITCH !!!!!! >:O !
Watching "Land Of The Lost"
#ALAConf. See you and in Honolulu! RT : Is there an official hashtag for the conference?
hello =D how are you?
New day, new challenges.
I sent it haha. Did you receive it?
yeah he spits some crazy lyrics
cheers guys! Hope to see you both soon!
hello I am getting invalid location when I charging with a clients card. What does this mean? Thanks
I don't understand what's meant by 'bespoke grid system'--and Google returns only 6 results with that phrase.
She's happy you like it
i feel sorry for a toilet seat they get more ass than i do from women that is, i don't get it... oh look kittens O_o
RT: YourPocketGuru Usually the hardest advice to hear is the best advice to take! #ypg /Very true.
Hanging out at Livestrong sporting park waiting for KC to kick Dallas' butt all the way back home
Mugger described as having a nice haircut
3 1/2 weeks without drinking alcohol. Lost 5 lbs. Feel strong. Wish I could have a beer.
See you on Friday in SF right?
gotta shoot 2nd part this week bro
Thanks to Angie’s List for awarding 21st & R Self Storage the coveted 2011 Super Service Award! Given to top 5% of all reviewed businesses.
"When creating visual aid, u are setting the stage for a co-production" - prof leticia from Stanford design school
noticed that too. It's neutralized Novak completely.
Aww man Im too excited. Cant wait to rock it in Eugene at the trials. Thank you!!!
From 3 months in Richmond to 2 days in Harrisburg and now off to Alexandria for who knows how long. Boy, I miss Indianapolis!
Just learned that for third straight year, gave me 100% voting record on women's reproductive health and rights issues.
we are open to different options..i will check out your site..thanks!
hope your baby feels better
You are all slaves to the land of the free.
#ILostMyVirginityTo..oh wait. Why would anyone tweet that.
I forgot about make it or break it! Damn. I missed the last episode too 
Feeling really good because the fact I couldn't get Affiliate Blog Builder to work wasn't me - but a bug in the software. Fix coming soon.
On the road again.. Thanks Donna & John for letting us invade for a bit
no surprises here for me ... idiots $GRPN
Running out of food in your house <
Only 2 days left to enter our Facebook comp to win a free trip in the USA! Just like us and you are entered! Good luck
You going? Gotta check out Gary Clark Jr. if so.
RT : my penis is always like "have sex with him" & i'm like "no penis. go back to sleep. i just want to cuddle him" . . . my...
Oh wow, just started watching Jan Svankmajer shorts and got to Food. That was kind of great.
Check out YS Magazine's April issue! 2 page feature on , talking about leaving and his new project !
ight i will
haha I should have expected some flack back ;)
I like when DC cab drivers act like I was born yesterday. Get off your fucking phone and drive, sexist asshole.
Listening to is always a good idea. (:
Playing hooky and watching the KU game. Excellent day would be better if they were winning.
You're named in their post. Not sure if that's an update or not.
it was even nice and sunny this morning then out of nowhere it got breezy and the sun went away. Its especially cold downtown
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith. Henry Ward Beecher
wow. You ran that!! Seen it on tv!! :)
Tommy, owner of Junior's Grill, is retiring this week, and the restaurant will likely close. Let's all toast a chicken finger in his honor.
About to end my stopover in lovely Houston airport. On to Philly and home!
Yeah. The doggie was my favorite part. Can I get my $20 back?
well, well, wel.....aren't you a piece of shit
Never plan....literally that shit always fail
did I send a hug? If yes here's another.
True. Hm I Wonder Who I Can Ask To Find Out...?
New local music you'd like to see reviewed? Send an e-mail: .
#ifiwantedamericatofail I would vote
happy mothers day to you too :)
no spoilers please!!!! We are watching at midnight.
um lily and bart!?? Im so happy chuck and blair r gunna get back together!! And serenaa?? Omgg
ask for a follow back. :)
Im a narcissistic cannibal :)
my teeth are brushed, my face is washed, guess its time for bed. night everyone <3
And getting it right!!
Honored to be named the next PD for Q106. Big shoes to fill.
you know your a pats fan right?!
TGIF! Stylized Fashion Show tonight <3
we won't get them until Monday so not sure what they look like!
Play and stay downtown! The Clarendon Hotel offers a 20% room to theatregoers. Just book a room and use promo code "ATC."
Excelent... we've been doing the chores all morning but its time to grill and the weather is Beautiful. And yours?
lol. Yeah I get it
You shud check out Jonathan Davis. He's an awesome drummer!
see if you can find me on chat roulette ;)
In exactly one week, the youth event will be going on at NtlEqMarch, will YOU be there?!?
I was in English and I noticed there was a huge space missing where you were suppose to occupy and i asked and Manbir told me.
If you don't listen to Glenn Beck, you don't deserve to live in America!!!
sippin Gin and Juice on before ECON...yeah...im jammin!!!
Why don't they 2 up Bynum for celebrating a block?
RT : 'Pita' means bread in Greek. The word 'pETA' means asshole in English.
do you by any chance remember a link to a music vid I either tweeted or fb-posted about a guy dressed as a whale, roc summer of 2009?
I hear Penguin won't take returns of signed copies. Let the pen fly...college for junior may depend on it
This world has become too political and we don't even no politics.
there's a bus coming to twu tonight.
And of course, Pottermore sorted me into Gryffindor again.
why are you writing me -
I am at a library/museum conference and Ian MacKaye is talking to us right now. AWESOME.
it was fun hanging the other night...thanks for having me!
About to eat some week and a half old bake bean pasta. Pray for my broke ass soul. And ass. Pray for my asshole.
You guys are incredible.
Backlot tour was epic! Been wanting to do that since I was 6!
FaceTime with B Money and Miss Elizabeth!!!
Excited for a celebratory dinner tonight with the sisters-in-law! I'm so lucky my brothers have such discerning taste. :)
lol ikkkk. im bout to pass out its so fuckin boring 💤
Brother I am so hearing you on that, I decided to watch the rain fall instead!
Great spot to be on a Sunday night!! Happy hour all night at the bar ;))
the lighting makes her hair look lighter!
Another windy day on the way, but with temps near 56° this pm it will be one of the warmer days of the week
Mistake on your part saying that. Now all the bitcoin fans are going to start yammering at you.
I'm just the mahomie that never get noticed by austin :(
I Always Wait Til The Night Before Homework Is Do To Do It, I Can't Help It
: start by listening. amen.
hahaha i know.(x
why are you awake you ussually sleep until at least noon.. and yeah you don't remember the brawl we got into?
oh, so this is my life.
Check out the first and largest, the only A list internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com,
there's that GA spice!! Shoutout from Gainesville! Love you and all you do!!!
At this point, "healthy innings" might become a #Brewers stat worth creating.
Nothing at all watching The Notebook! I forgot about the Opry! :(
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.
Thanks to Dr. Cindy Selfe, Dr. Debra Journet, our concurrent presenters, Dr. Harry Pickens, & the Delphi Advisory Board
History's Heroes: 2/1/2003 Astronauts Husband, McCool, Anderson, Ramon, Chawla, Brown & Clark die as Columbia reenters Earth's atmosphere.
thanks :) love me my sparkling wines
Colin Powell: Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. I agree!
i did follow you
Thinking about putting a lil something on the grill
aww what a cutie he is! Was he the one in the snow that time? Looks like a fun day!
Haha I know what you mean! Days like that I make sure every little detail makes the morning To Do list! Good Luck w/ today!
I hope so!
hahaha its what got me into anime 😜 but i saw it in japanese first
Good. You know how I tend to fret. :)
FYI...You look fantastic as a blonde! I saw your #FB page. Wish I was a friend on there! #BIGFAN of
any time, darlin'!
NSN on friday asdghlshglsjfkl it's sinking in finally.
We provide therapy for children with-Depression.
Flew overnight to #Israel & went straight to rehearse with the orchestra. Exhausted but exhilarated. Mostly Jewish #Russian emigrants.
Brewers on ESPN and T-Wolves on ESPN2...what year is it?
Fake niggas pull triggers too..that's why I dont rap about that's gangsta shit that much ..that's not wzup
RT : Successful ppl are always looking for opps to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian...
I wouldn't step foot NEAR that BoA again!
We are moved. Haven't finished packing yet, but we are moved.
Central Corridor light rail project halfway done. Why the next half will be more difficult on KSTP-TV at 10.
Whoever started that 'Zac Effron' thing deserves a clap! :D
Grrrrrr.... but then i look 4!!!! lol okay ill sahve in a week! ;)
No real investors? Probably buying gold! Don't cry to me when it takes a dive! Real estate is the best investment - Buy apartments
Hermes farming Crocodiles...smart move. Will pricing change, if so benefiting the farmer or the buyer?
Nice & warm at LSP. Make sure you get out here tonight!
Google is weighting mobile-friendly content for users searching on a mobile device (i.e., shows up higher in results). Via
James, I know the Spurs fans feel the same way about you.
Day 1 of converting my reference section to BISAC!
So pumped to start preproduction monday
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/16/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I wear my shades at night so I can look in the abyss. I see something in nothingness, if you could picture this.
Realizing you made the right decision is a good feeling!
Sabres step it up a bit!
No unfortunately! I'm going tomorrow though.
Fresh BESTO PESTO in THE FOOD MILL.
Putting in my request for days off for my bday weekend now :))
if you want i'll let you talk to my father, chancellor of LSU. there's more to it than just the publics point of view....
Just realized I haven't eaten at all today
It was so wonderful to finally meet the one and only ! You're just as lovely in person as you were over phone/email.
Thank you for sharing!
I want the finer things in my life...SO I HUSTLE!
Looking for a fun group night out? We got your Snack Attack right here! Details to coming soon.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone.Peace
So grateful and thankful for a positive report on some medical tests today!
Does it have to start with M?
Talk about a workout! Im hitting them two-a-days on Tuesdays, and today was no joke!!! I'm getting right though!
I guess this is as close to criticism as is likely to be leveled at Nadal
join the Elizabeth Scott campaign today by walking with us in the Tour de Terrace parade! email for details.
Adam12 was just talking about you, after playing DKM and Street Dogs back to back.
I think it's not just modesty but also the gravity or privacy of the purchase.
Of course that's going to happen silly! When are you playing in LA next?
Looking forward to seeing this morning at the ribbon-cutting for the HQin Arlington for my client
please follow back.. :o)
The Lord said, "I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and all manner of workmanship."~Exodus 31:3
I miss my baby :/ i wish i could jus spend the whole day with her !
RT : Happy 420! Remember to weed your collections!
I am saddened. “: RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
I'm easily confused. Why do I want iTunes Match?
Seriously, especially on such a beautiful day. Granted, the house really needed cleaning, too...
Do you sing in the shower? What are your shower jams?
Talking to you :D
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #food because brunch is a time to discuss problems that aren't really problems.
WPP boss Sorrell displays feminine side on US chat show - The Drum
We are excited to have your UM players represented at The Battle of Florida. Over100 scouts and agents here to see the talent.
idk i was just wondering, im from Randolph County, how old are you if you dont mind me asking?
Today was actually a good day ! Tomorrow should be better !
thanks Mohammed, for RT- have a good week
HERE COMES THE EPIC SHOT TO WIN!!!! #GoDucks!!!!!!!!
All I'm going to tweet for the next week is DC 2, apologizing in advance
XO Skins doesn't have that Orange peel texture like other brands
I concur.
RT: : This is flat out ridiculous. Can we get some goal tending all around?
Ugghh wtf .. i dont wanna talk about it .. i jss want it to be over & jss leave it alone like ..
I wanted to go so bad!
We decide which path to take, but sometimes it's so foggy it's hard to put one foot in front of the other for fear we may trip.
RT : Word hummingbird! ": Candy necklaces are to the neck what anal beads are to the anus. #fact"
RT : A fucking hug is everything coming from the person you love more than anything.
The relationship ended. But the feelings may still be there.
THE ONLY THING I REGRET IN LIFE IS SMOKING. I WISH I NEVER SMOKED.
What a richly colored strong warm coat is woven when love is the warp and work is the woof.
I mean I don't like the Devils, but I can NEVER root for the dirty Flyers. I will always HATE everything about them.
How do I get rid of this twitter virus?
oh Patrick Mills having another good night
Thank you IBEW Local 77 for your endorsement of McGinn for Mayor. #seattle #seamayor ^lb
watch justified on fx its a great show
Who's got c lunch ?
YESS! I'LL JUST HOP IN YOUR SUITCASE(: WARRY GONNA STALK THE BOYS!
Watch out for flying port-a-potties.
Rumors and lies <<<<
Gearing up to do "A Clooney Christmas" show Fri and Sat night this weekend at Davenport's in Chicago! Holiday jazz, ya'll!
Energized and proud after a great visit with the talented team at Scripps !
ActivePrintShop.com is looking for a Graphic Designer!
as it should be...
Schlitz: Leisure's light beer
Miller Park Greinke is pitching tonight and looks outstanding, per usual.
Ravens to have the game of there lives ,Flacco will come out of his shell score Ravens 35 New England 21
People's need more followers come on I follow back Someone DM ME I'm effin bored
Of which kind?
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer
Polish, and I sometimes act like it too #smh lol.curious, live in the city or near by? Yellow nails still?
you have to try to idiot..
Not troubled enough to contemplate boycotting football, but I am troubled a bit by not being troubled enough, so I guess that's something.
Leaving the gym
- I hope it is sunny where you are - thanks for the follow!
ella called me a demon child hahahaha
or maybe hire a bilingual college student from UW?
Good game so far... #Spurs should kick it in to next gear soon
I am beyond ready for the weekend right now.
Look sucker, this my gun butter Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter Nunchucka', no time to ducka'
yep next month!
I'm so pissed. Colton went home!!! This is HORIBBLE. Not watching AI anymore this season!!
love her... she's a special lady!
Anyone aware of any time warner internet outages? Cable is working but no internet. Hold times to technical support LONG!
Just posted some bridal pics on my Hair in the City Facebook page. Two of us did makeup and hair for the whole bridal party!
New phone:)
Back to the daily grind
My cousin & her husband are coming for the weekend I wish it was going to be more warm & sunny...Happiness is a warm sunny Chicago weekend!
and to top it all off today is payday and I have no check! Guess I work for free!
Cast of Dallas just here at TNT. Mr. TV's prediction: record ratings on the cable net. You'll see.
you're welcome.
If you want to watch hilarity unfold. Check out the on-demand fiesta fun over at !
Tweet us for your chance to receive free tickets to tonight's Small Ensemble performance at 8pm in Paul Hall!
The Old Vine Zin is always a crowd pleaser! Come sample it at our table at the & Indy Wine Fest.
Heading to school.
that's metaphysical riley
I made a #snowman today. Probably the first time in 20yrs...
The official Juju Association website is launching THIS WEEK! Everybody get ready!
I haven't been here lately...and that could just as well be a metaphysical statement.
Thanks for clarifying!
Just got two new colors in: neon pink and neon green! Stay tuned for us to put them up on the shop :)
how do I win the signed guitar!!
that is my favorite. So glad some guy can admit they love a chick flick! <3
nawww... there were only like 6 ppl theres, so we just had movie time and got let out early! You fine! No worries!
Day 3 #lilbigshowdownpromotour. Durham here we come.
need some people to text ,
The movie stepbrothers >>>
Last reminder: Member ticket registration at joinsporting.com begins at noon tomorrow for Monday's matchup with the Galaxy.
With the right attitude & the right skills, everything is possible for everyone - shared by Lee Hooper from
My guy is so drunk he might me packing his things & leaving
will you be there at meetings?
Still Need LADIES for video shoot for #Jello Contact myself Boxmann or asap.. Auditions May 20th
well done!
When I met my tutee, I was taken aback by how pretty she was for 14. And she was by me too. At least I know she'll be studying to impress me
good on Gray for parking tax increase. DC cheap compared to NYC, Phila : For your weekend perusal: 10 random budget observations
Any suggestions on Voice Thread or Animoto for students to use? The Animoto 30 s free version might not be very helpful...
Spam will not be tolerated.
I'm glad every one at #gc2012 is behaving themselves. Try to cause a ruckus tomorrow :)
Boom! You got it. Full name?
Agreed. Once you've seen The Situation and Snooki, there's nowhere else to go.
The stages of psychological response experienced by an athlete depend on other factors, such as timing, severity and the athlete's history.
No school tomorrow. Ill sleep in, be a bum all day an get ready for #GradBash 👍🎓😏
nice!!! Which song is your fave??
I’m not you,now that would be disastrous.
Thanks for setting up our new account! Excited to get it up and running next week!
Library website launch on Monday. Work this morning. #Longhorns this afternoon. Work this evening. Work Sunday. #\m/
Nope! This Sunday is the deadline!
Kids in this Econ class are stupid as shit, just shut the fuck up.
indeed - been back in the US for two months now ;) great to see your move across the pond! Congrats R!
Really? Of course, I watch baseball! You do know who you're talking to, don't you?!? lol
Without online piracy, what are our nation's unemployed going to do with their time? Boardwalk Empire isn't going to watch itself.
What a surprise. Congrats on all you've accomplished. Recap from Infomart:You at NYU, me near Boston, Ed in Oz, Ben 6 ft under.
let ur grace and justice fall down, hand in hand my Lord.
and eating roasted chickens in the BSU library while writing thesis papers
happy happy friday!
Keep on dreaming, even if it breaks your heart.
Jantzen Beach is a serious misnomer
Survived first full week of employment in three years. Can finally say TGIF!
WHERE R U IN MY LYFE?
Live to be with Jesus... because He was dying to be with you!
me sorry!!! Record it!!!
Today's clue for the Super Mystery Jackpot song is: At least two of the members of the bands children have achieved fame on their own accord
do i know you? ahah
#stopkony & help the children in uganda!!!
to the people stealing copper wiring from Honolulu freeways please stop! its really annoying.
I am to bored...
i have a sleeping disorder dont judge
Pimp slap is pretty strong, but the artist slap is stronger, I'd slap. Also the pimp-limp doesn't compare 2 the art-swag.
the new row of corn won't seem to grow?
Family is something that needs to be protected,nurtured,encouraged.Let's never forget that family is the foundation of our society.
Enjoyed The Big Meal at ! Intense, fast-paced, emotional - feeling like I need to watch again to absorb it all!
I know she will be right back on the road but that's doing too much.
Celtics vs. Knicks tonight at 8pm! Watch the game with us!
well ill make sure ill give cat books/Movies and a cute lil cat just like you <3 hehehe (:
Aw....RT : Chris Wallace remembers his father during the memorial for Mike Wallace earlier today....
hi hi hi hi :) how's it going, love you! #chasingthesun <3
Hah! RT : The unemployment figures would actually be far worse if they included people who describe themselves as bloggers.
Green flag drops. Time to watch lead for a couple laps then crash
*starts making "follow me on twitter _PatriciaDeLaO" poster*
RT Downloading gifboom!!....what's that
Right on. I think it was you that turned me on to the "Mars on Hawaii" project awhile back. It sounded fascinating.
should be getting it delivered today :)
Seeking an IP #Docket Specialist for a law firm in #DC! A minimum of 3 years previous experience with docketing software programs and stro…
make sure you follow her on twitter, shes a great twitter friend. :)
Seth and Yulun from will be there.
Also excited that we & our mentee chapters were named the Charles H. Wesley College/Alumni Collab Award Recipients!
Whats good ! I'm getting all primed up!!!!!! Shotsies Baby!
Free Library of Philadelphia uses timed tickets at job fair, handing out in person and through eventbrite.
Just because you can live tweet from class, doesn't mean you should. Focus on learning first, evangelizing later.
ATV fans - longest ATV parade in the world, Silver Bay, Minnesota. Sat., June 23
send me a pic: now!
thanks! Just a sprint this weekend. U??
“Which Way?", 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Alaina Kraus,
it is THE BEST
the only good thing about private schools are the uniforms, we look so elegant omg
WOW thanks for all the support on you tube / all most 2000 subscribers <3 Kellie
#epic swag!
My son said he wants a T.Rex as a pet. Does anyone know where I can adopt one? Where is John Hammond when you need him?
Idk who was more drunk or but either way that was entertainment! Lmao
follow back?
Apologies for the older posts, but we're going to tweet out our latest content from the past couple weeks to catch up the Twitter feed!
well those always brighten my day wow so amazing
Travis Beckett advances to the semi-finals of #USBC! Congrats Travis. DC represent!
Nice to get a road win! RT : Rams keep NCAA hopes alive with 75-65 win over Air Force. Rams improve to 19-10 (8-6 MW).
Hella be looking like Oscar :o !
I do not give a shit about S & P or their damn 500 companies.
SO PUMPED TO SEE EVERYONE BACK TOGETHER =)
Angelo wanted me reach out! Did you receive the files?? Blessings!
An icee sounds fantastic at the moment.
Would have tweeted up a storm at #2012rsa, but no free wifi. Best panel I've seen so far has been 20433 "Vices and Virtues of Wine"
Been busy, I guess.
RT: that would be my dear boy > You are very much correct, Andrew :)
Drinking coffee and watching "Little Monsters" on Netflix.
RT Yoga is not only a body adjustment but an attitude adjustment too. I did 40 mins at home this am.
Epic Seats is now on Twitter in Full force!! For ticket updates make sure you find them here.. Cheers!
I hope all this traffic means The Sunburnt Cow is going to be busy tonight.
that's ass
I want to win
Do stuff but don’t worry about what you’re not doing.
Did you watch #MadMen last night? Thoughts?
Los angeles :)
Can we get to 600 followers today? I interned under him in 2007-2008 and, I promise you, he's funny.
Twin humans on their way to free speech! Unarmed! Get em, zombies!
really? haha :p
I'm having breakfast here at the Taco Shack in downtown Austin, TX - perfect beans, eggs & potatoes w corn tortillas - then will go to
The only thing better than coffee is MORE coffee.
no way giirrrrrll I love YOU more ;D
you are, a cinema, I could watch you forever.
I'm only a little nervous right now.
No grand jury for Trayvon. How long must we wait for justice?
Thinking about doing a Fundraiser :) Hopefully this summer!
nothing much
Hahahahaha, I oughta slap him & then step on his balls .
There's nothing like firing a Henry Rifle in some cool country air.
It took 12 alarms to wake me this morning..
Thanks for the RT, !! Hope you have a terrific day
Sorry not at Down tomorrow nite Im spinning at
Darn Badgers.
Home from Spain where I got to preview the new Ocarina of Time for 3DS and play a concert for Nintendo!
Endorse. MT : I sense a reality series there. "Darrell Clarke: Raccoon Hunter" would find an audience on the Discovery Channel.
Endorsement meetings are normally closed, meaning no live tweeting. Results normally reported out at end.
what about the medium over which we are communicating? :)
happy to talk with you too doll! Ily!
Arts Courses in India: Explore Top Arts Colleges of India
I want a giant pretzel now!
Stomach is killing me crazy...#ugh need my honey to come and save me but I cant find him....
The Walking Dead: so named for the amount of time the characters spend acting willfully oblivious of their immediate surroundings.
!!! RT LeBron is T-Bone while his teammates burn down the banana stand.
It's been years since I posted on #ILX, but the Twitter "RIP _____" trends are a RIP-Off of the ILX RIP threads from the '00s.
Nick Collins and Sonic
Thanks for the support! :)
#Mavs need to double DWade and make LeBron, Bosh, or anyone else on the #Heat prove they can beat them.
Home by Dierks Bentley is majorly stuck in my head.
Have you seen the idea that she and Biden might switch places *this* year? Crazy/exciting?!
PubGet vendor speaking highly of David Rothman, I agree.
No one wants to be locked in a writers room with a talent writer who gets on their nerves. So your likability is important.
Need a change of scenery so planning a Memorial Day escape. Where to go, where to go?
#Urban #Meyer to Ohio State deal expected to be announced at #OSU #Duke basketball game on Tuesday!
Just kidding.
ADD THE COMPLETE LENGTH ALL NATURAL HAIR GROW PROUDUCTS TO YOUR NEW TREND VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
We've lost all touch.
It funny when people say " I thought you were innocent but once you opened your mouth, I was wrong"
I think you should do a cover on, A Thousand Years - Christina Perri . And make a shoutout to me. I'd cry. (((:
Avril hi how are u?
Who REALLY knows how to 'Jane Fonda'??
Quite crazy that the #Lakers will have to play Games 3 & 4 back-2-back on Fri & Sat. Hm so scheduling can be as bad as the officiating?
I quit drinking like 3 hrs ago, so u absolutely did not!! ...why am I even entertaining this argument?! Smh
naw I said may 25 my bf coming to Omaha
Waiting since 9am for granite co. 2 cut 3 holes Last time they get my biz! Been on the way since 1pm for a 9am appt!
70% of all Tweets contain a hashtag.
Hi. Congrats on the DAMS project. Sounds fun!
OMG White Chicks in the morning. ♥
so many garbage remakes out there! What happened to original good movies? you hit it earlier B.
its just a guess, but I think that when ur kids are young, they consumer a lot more of ur life.
EAT IT! :D
I'm alright how are youu?
Read about the unsolved murder of M. R. Peel at Millville in 1882 in The Arizona Prospector Magazine
It's Friday! Anyone else looking forward to the weekend?
Earthquake in Japan, and a big one? I hope it's not true. Japan doesn't need more of that crap a year later.
Sitting in a hammock drinking from a sports bottle. Adult version of infancy.
haha that's thee song man!!
For some reason I keep yelling "Harry" in a British accent. "HAHREEEEE!!!"
We have so many great schools in Houston! Which high school is the BEST?
RT @ baltimorebusinessjournal.com. Americans drove less in '08's gas spike.
Only in Georgia can u have 50 degree weather one day ad 90 degree weather the next-__-
and I are enjoying the fare at and headed over to the HRPS meeting to talk Reno historic preservation.
I'm with everybody on booing Mauer, but please lay off Morneau. He wants to be out there more than anybody...concussions are a bad deal.
5 Gum Rain >
CIT is Committee on Information Technology.
y'all still lost .. so your point doesn't matter lol
Accurate. RT : Typical conversation with Boys cars boys and boys.
Organizing seems so tedious but the results! Oh the results are fantastico!!!!!!!! #Get organized!!
"Sooner or later, we sit down to a banquet of consequences."
Love the big shot of Sylvia & the cut poster. Definitely have to scan this into PDF.
It's all about the he said she said bullshit.
Selena is my world ♥
mentioned in the New York Times piece on the Met's Costume Gala Talked about summertime sadness <3 and THE CAPE OF COURSE <3
Some girl at the mall: "And then he sent me '#YOLO'. What's a yolo?!"
Thank you!!!! :) We had originally planned for April of 2013...but talked to r pastor & decided we needed to do it now! :)
well again the whole mom, primo space fan move a bit faster than Texas ;-)
Max Payne 3 is going to be the ish!
Another mothers day without my mom... something I'll never experience. But I get to finally see her tomorrow.
Hey #DodgerFam just a reminder to follow us on instagram for great photos of your #dodgers and favorite players. thank you.
In a surprising move, Barry Mayo has resigned as Radio One's radio division President.
what a fantastic modern age we live in ! :)
The Arcade Fire Ants
Pay attention to your dreams, God's angels often speak directly to our hearts when we are asleep. They keep saying your name ;) sweet dreams
All my followers follow my business page
hallllllloa there! Congrats on Giants! Freddy Sanchez 4 president!
Up late err night, see me I make clouds
i tryed but iam bout to get out now. iam tired
Enjoyed you tonight, thanks for your coverage. We don't see enough of you. Who do we see to fix this? Hope there's more soon.
madison always ignores my ass so whatever im happy for everyone who gets followed
because you miss Sprout and because Sprout misses you too ;)
There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it. Seneca
I get that they want to use blood to get the piranha to turn on each other, but bullets were doing a pretty decent job of making them bleed.
We love the way music brings people together.
- Another ex. of "do as I say, not as I do" re: taking $250K+ pension while telling others no pension for you
that's a guilty pleasure movie for me...hm
Naked Santa on Castro st: I am both baffled and impressed.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
ahh I hate feeling this sick I feel like im going to die!
not really, my life isnt super stable right now
Swear they're dope though!
when do you find out?!
Well damn!
": Nowadays what's passionate to you is a joke to others." Omg that's true being a mahomie is my passion others take it as a jk!
mi nuh know :p
watching the game?
good thing I migrated away from GoDaddy a year ago. Now if I could only scape C-casts grasp
i was gonna do that yrs ago but lack of motivation consumed me. lol that does pay well depending on exp.
Mom just stole coffee out of a woman's cart at Walmart
In 2010 when the iPad came out, people viewed them as content consumption and "yuppie" tools. Now, they are bought for employees....
Sometimes the way people write and spell things make me wanna just slap them in they face
- Great job in the music video! You look perfect wearing that bluetooth earpiece. ;)
The In a word, WOW. Thank you for doing it right, Joss Whedon.
Did you know that hand-select each beer served at the festival? There's going to be some great beers you won't want to miss!
thanks for the
my first full album :D
hell I like your idea better
Don't judge the angst-filled teenage girl inside of me that is catching up on 5 episodes of #OneTreeHill... I really miss
Happy New Year Nawlins! Missing the Beignets, making da groceries & screamin "throw me something mista".
McBride, U B killin'! Sibelius class @ New School has 1 more wk. The students, this semester, R killin', & I'm getting it more 2gether. Yea!
Today is the perfect day to get out and shop! Visit our expert artists and award winning estheticians both Mequon and 3rd Ward open 10-5
I'm downloading your special. Said it takes an hour. Now I'm at the bar.
#ICantStandWhen my computer tries to mess with me!
It's never too young to teach your kids about empathy and respect.
i wanna take a nap!
lol its intense like ive pretty much always had a 6pack but what ive been doing ill have an 8 in a month or 2 maby shorter
Thank you! You peeps should follow this lady! She's really nice! :)
I eat Penguins over white rice S/O to --->
#dook going down! :D joy!
I know! I kind of felt bad about laughing that hard...!
I hope you feel better soon.
Inspiration and genius are one and the same. - Victor Hugo
Days off are definitely needed from time to time :)
If I had known it was going to be better in the end I would have been more cheerful.
Why do girls always call each other sweetie when they fight?
Big sky bird taking me to Philly then to Germany. Just felt like having cheesesteak & strudel this morning ;)
Try not to do that.
It's hard to love a team with Felipe Lopez starting at second, but I'm trying.
A lot of talk about DC gov folks that don't live in DC. Can't forget that Gray, Brown, Barry and Alexander live east of the river, not DC
Search for Drew Waters' Webisode, "DLife The Series" on Facebook and if you're there, click the "LIKE" button, if so moved
yeah! like a kids rant!
Theres just something about the vibe on a dive boat. Bad a$$ diving
Well played fireside grill, well played.
Stupid Missouri
Firehook Bakery of National Building Museum offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
Ok, i'm safe.....that was too fucking close.
Is your dj tonight at LUMEN!
That sash-barfing bit always kind of bothered me.
At work! I haven't even had time to let my hair down but definitely soon
I feel like I need new shoes.... I can't find ANYTHING on my closet. Everything looks like so meeeehhh.
I see what you did there.
ls there a graphic artist out there who would be willing to help us design a beautiful bookmark to give to customers? Free books in exchange
Bobby Valentine's starting to remind me of John Kreese ... not in a cool badass sensei way, but in a scumbag 'sweep the leg' kinda way.
haha yeah that'd be nice!
The 6 Americas: Alarmed, Concerned Cautious, Disengaged, Doubtful, Dismissive.
RT : Practice reframing other people’s negativity as a reminder of how not to be.
BACA video coming soon!!!!!!!! STAY TUNED AND PASS THE WORD AROUND.!!!!
Ya know, they don't exactly know when I was born, but they predict it's was approximated around 1813-1814
I say no. If nothing else, where do you leave it? Tell him you left one, he must have confused it as recycling!
wtf. you're kidding right?!
so tonight, my 11:11 wish would be for you to follow me♥
“: I wish. Live 365 does have a iPhone and android app though. Check out their site. ”
I love more than I love butthol
are u joking?
just don't step on any needles, ok? crystal city marriott is like the jersey shore circa 1984
WOW!!!Almost everybody is older than me!!!!HaHa!!:)
": If you want to know what in-breeding looks like, go to Disneyland." Hmm I would say go to Walmart.
At Catalina Jazz Club and Diane Shurr is killing it. Her band is pretty tight as well. We need her at opening night of Jazz Tree Lounge!!
<--thats my dude right there! Mr. Jones been down from day 1, a real
Damn bruh Im bout to get tickets to the #firstplaneoutthisbitch u need one
is a little puss
Almost! Just a stack of papers yet to grade...
Los Angeles, Gardena show tonight! Come out tonight to see Arms Like Yours w/ more. Admission is $10 @ the door.
My local library has gone exclusively to self check out. Had to hunt down an employee so that I wouldnt have to pay $0.50 fine with credit.
against me?? hope not!
Life is hard by the yard, but by the inch, it's a cinch. --Gean Gordon
Good morning =) RT : Good Morning Love
A 70s child, I love Ali McGraw for driving the Jaguar "hauling ass," and the running scene at the end in Convoy. What a heroine!
Porn is officially a main screen search filter on The Pirate Bay.
You're welcome!
what the heck is going on aroud here?
Just saw at Madison's Booked for Murder. Looking forward to reading The Price of Liberty
I got u send me something
Awesome song...Hum-On :)
Anybody wanna play Hunger Games in Cal Anderson later?
Rahhh (Rick Ross voice)
This day is going to suck.
you have your wrestlemania plans set?
I <3 that hubby is working for Subaru on route 4 now. He is so close to my school. We were able to have lunch today and spend time together.
Dream big, and think backwards
Bored as hell
ohh I forgot, apple just ran out of iPhones :/ sorry lol
LOL-that's much later! 1st we need to change the corp culture w/exs. MT I wonder what enforcement & compliance would look like...
American pie reunion with my bitches.
He gave them the power earlier but when they started to be bold he tried to suppress them but by the law not by the army.
Don’t forget to turn your clocks back by one hour tonight when you go to sleep – it’s Daylight Savings
Hi victoria, im megan!!!!!! i was wondering if you could tweet me, it would mean the world!! :)
Logan's
-Really you just gone put my business out like dat
It's so awkward saying bye to your roommate's morning-after-houseguest. "Great to... meet you. See you again.... someday. Maybe."
Reading some reports on
Makes my day. lol
Has reading a book ever changed your life? Which one and why, if yes?
Movie recommendation is Michael Fassbender in "The 300"
If you can’t get excited about what’s on your resume, then don’t expect employers to give you a buzz.
Dead ass RT : “ The lakers gettin' in that ass tonight”/ u can't be serious
from the sept open? What time?
that is a very good TT.
I hate commercials!!
Thanks for bringing together over 150 years experience in #sped #law today!
2 goals in stoppage time. WOW!
I can't believe this all they do is talk about you.
Happy Birthday, Dum Dum. Love you!
Listening to a Sheriff pursuit in Riverview, suspect crashed through 2 fences and through a brick wall... still going!
All my domains that have URL forwarding enabled are timing out! What gives? ex.: religionbulletin.org (my acct name: nbr)
I have spend the last 9 hours learning the basics of Field Sobriety Testing.. Now I wonder if I can test myself
ditto what Jag said. CC:
Sweet mother of Jefferson Davis, these Girl Scout Cookies are good! #SamoasRock!
#survivor finale tonight!
and violence/threats of violence against others, and his erratic behavior) and eventually became involved with a better man, got married...
Happy Birthday ! Where should I send the pig? Haha!
you're welcome:)
I think that's pretty much everyone with umbrellas...not to worry :)
okay(: check my last tweet.
Like ten of them. I love them omg.
Seersucker table-runners...
Which course do you prefer here , Soffer or Miller?
I wasn't sure...it wasn't like your normal humor.....haha.
Torres with a hat trick?! Holy fuck!! He hasn't gotten one since 2009. The Barcalona goal was a confidence booster for sure.
Happy new year!!
what r u doing up there lol
Talking to right now
#GameofThrones renewed for a third season - *happy dance* - Storm of Swords is my favorite of these books.
how crazy is it wen u walk in2 a place, order(/sunglasses,bandana,not tryin to rep), after u do ur biz,they say,"Tyme Johnson,Right?LOVE!
Mothers day, lunch
go follow she has amazing tweets !:D
daisy cutter on the way!
Look! The space shuttle on a plane!! The end of our space program - WOOT!!!
i now know the exact page numbers of the tanager section in both my sibley guide to birds and kaufman field guide.
I made a list of everything you just said to me. Now I can make a book and title it, "How To Lose a Girl", or "How To Make Women Flee." Hm..
Put a little umph in it
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
congrats on 2 and many more to come!
Everyone go follow They follow back ! They're really close to 200 followerrs.(:
going to virginia beach for the third year. love it.
happy birthday!!! Love you xoxo :)
Um, yeah, we're going to use HTTP POST requests to integrate your system, no need to worry about designing the UI
#NowBumpin "Bastard" by Tyler The Creator
yeah mayne! Everything be having a bad ending too it.
I saw a tweet about this calling it
Right on! As an ex-resident of Norfolk, I'm proud of the win! Best to Norfolk State!
If you thought the #DavinciCode was off the chain. Wait until you #read the DaVinci #Street Code by Cole Hart
The sounds of 8th and D: trains squealing, metal poles, female chatter, sirens, wind, leaves
I didn't get in the pool today -_- Dang I should of went to my friend's party. I miss his little sisters lol
Working on getting the site ready for alpha launch -
Fuck lying Fuck Cheating Fuck users if u can't keep it real GTFO!!!!!!
what's good sir!!!
yes it is
Congrats to Terry Allen on his commitment to Richmond! Richmond is getting a great young man.
It was amazing! Classics, new, and Clarence tributes. Prob sounded the best I've ever heard. Loved horn section. Stellar show.
I don't belong to you, and you don't belong to me.
it would have to be a bollywood movie, though, if that wasn't clear. MY BACKUP DANCERS COULD BE ORANGUTANS. this is awesome.
Pharez Whitted Sextet - Tonite @ ETA Theater @ 7pm 7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL - Truly hope all can make it...
if you find out please do share - I could use the same!
Beyond brutal for the #caps and $orioles..
you too brother! I look forward to hearing from you often.
Tip - You can use red colors on a yellow ad background, change the perception and entice your prospect to buy.
This is correct. RT with the blue tops, they drop both and are injured.
Silent raffle on a pair of red sox tix 4 this friday. Proceeds benefit Red Cross disaster relief efforts in Japan. Go 2 our site 4 details.
2Chainz trending l
Holy Shit Since When Did I Have 140 Followers? Lol I Remember I Used To Want To Reach Like 100 Like 2 Weeks Ago! O.O
Good luck and safe travels to the 16U & 17U Houston Hoops as they head to the Nike Peach Jam this morning!
Google+ is struggling. Maybe they should have named it something other than Google+.
ur tweets :)btw how old ru?
when will the winner for the #BlueyRobinson contest be announced? Or have they been announced already :)
Today is just a big bunch of nonsense. I want a drink. And some carbs.
that's dope!! I'm off 2 Houston. let's meet @ NASA!
I wish Sesame Street was that cool when I little. Nice clip, great cause.
sounds yummy
So, an entire city with 3 professional sports teams vs. 1 dude ... You know, I'll take those odds.
Hello, NC!
Sign up for gardening class on August 27th at pleasantfarmschicago.com! We will have drinks and snacks during our 2hr workshop at
getting ready for to present on engaging students with multimedia content
I just got pooped on by a bird. I hate birds.
Where are all my Smiley tweetmates this morning come and say Hi :) :)...or are you all hungover.
Done moving art in the "Dry" heat of Las Vegas in August...prepping for the new show Sept. 17th.
send me the flyer image. We'll try get it out as much as possible.
I freaking love the internet!!!! Freaking love my galaxy!!! Aghhhrrr
As a teacher I couldn't be prouder of our President right now
Very cool! Smarty pants.
Hot news tomorrow!
I'm needing a vacay soon to somewhere warm!
It ain't trickin if you got it baby.
why do you think I am obsessed with PHX (besides the fact that you live there)?!
: Has someone from the museum sent Olivia a letter? I think she would appreciate it!
Ended up at Quantum and watched a wicked group of comedians - swee-eet!
Happy belated birthday...
A bad day riding is better than a good day fishing.
of course, if we write it :)
lol xD it's nice (: and thanks! I love his hair. kfksjsfksjskakuejeguensud. Haha!
Perplexed, angered, and somehow humbled by Schwab's archaic banking ways, e.g. print and mail forms to enroll in online transfers.
two run home run. Second homer of the day woo
I finished it about a week ago, one of my favorite reads hands down :)
I'm pretty sure the name has less to do with it than Oprah touting them for years. What Oprah says, women do.
We have a new server ready - vpn-mj2 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami. It's available in your customer area now.
y r u n kansas
Follow me:D
She's got broken things, where her heart should be.
Too true to be good.
I feel the love. Appreciate the shout out from one of the most respected financial advisors in the biz.
Baby shut your mouth and turn me inside ouut
AGREED. "Damon & Elena STILL trending! My Delena heart can't deal with such happiness! My ship is flawless! FTW”
Yup tonight ! RT : you still having your dinner/
true! Kboys are the BOMB!
Only if someone gets broke.
6 more days of school left.
shit balls you take forever!
Hey #Greece stop fking with my 401k
Ooh! Put Leo in the next Oceans' movie. That may help him relax.
I was sleeping foo!
Tastes pretty much like spicy beef you might get at a Chinese restaurant. Forgot to mention the serrano peppers :-)
My American Stratocaster & Mustang II is rockin' the house. Thank you & thanks for the follow.
Jelena is over? What is happening? I'm so confused!
Hey Lily! So happy to see you, I hope you have been doing well! :)
score! including the bun? If yes, count me in for a late dinner date
Go to La Cage Aux Sports at Bell Centre to watch Game 1 or watch it in the room? Decisions, decisions.
And now back to our regularly scheduled programming #NowPlaying Soulfly – Resistance on
the xx? i don't hear it. xx is a little more mellow and hypnotizing IMO.
When you realize what you really want... And you know you can't have it...
Even if not perfect!
Watching The Muppets with Not gonna lie, I've always loved the Muppets!
Fighters...some...promoters...nope, hence the UFC on 1 broadcast & 2 cable networks for next 7 yrs
#dairyqueen blizzard! The. Best. Ever.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live - moreover, the only one. E. M. Cioran
Fish and just vibe in the sea catching tuna
It's too late for a nap that mean you bout to go to sleep
my game
Hi everyone Im baca!!!!!!!
RT : People I will be here all week or all series, Which ever finishes first! <--- Oh SNAP LOL!!!!!!
hopes the Immanuel Lions has enough players for tonights game.!
RT : Number of the Day: 8 - # of states with no income tax (out of 9) that Oklahoma bested in income growth '00-'10...
omg wow u make da best #IMAGINE lol send me some with mikey and vinny plz thx but keep doin madison lol
exactly what I was thinking! Not the red wine but the amount of people in it!
damn bro tht sucks
- isn't every day National Pet Day at your house?
Thank you familia! It was am immense honor.
I need some breakfast in my life
loved the call from aka "Mr. Trashy 2012" hahah
Interesting, Chris Long had 13 sacks last year with the #Rams. Equals Howie Long's best sack season.
Googling her now!
RT : Help Urbanite reach 850 followers! Please RT. Thanks to all who have RT'd this recently.
": n need 2 do a movie"wats up roxy
we are slacking
Wow. RIP Junior Seau.
Oh that good? Sounds splendid.
whats wrong... u didnt say hay... u just said a dry hi... :(
but life has changed when you became something dreadful, full of shame. Mirror Mirror, polished stone, tell this girl shes not alone.
Lost my lucky Lehigh tee last night, but still ready to go! RT : See everyone at Buffalo Billiards tonight at 7pm!
You can find your referral code on your profile page in the menu menu. :) Game on.
i kicked it with my lady tonight #RedBox and Cuddling
Ay thanks! You were in that front row too.. #ISeeYouWantinAGoodView ;)
I'm not tired 😜
Its crazy how bestfriends can talk without words
One of your tweets mentioned Seinfeld. One of my alltime fave shows!
