Yes. You can. RT : I can sleep when I'm dead.
haha that's the best congrats to you
RT Leadership requires checking your ego out at the door!
Something I had nothing to do with & I'm getting bitched at. Over the date & time of burying my brother's ashes. Seriously?!?!
Sorry that you're not able to make it. U can follow the tweets at #hive11 & watch the post-con videos.
#meandyoucantdate 'cause we met in the club.
The #1 song on this day in 1982 was Abracadabra by the Steve Miller Band. They're groovy.
The awkward moment when the old guy doesn't have candy in his van.
We shall see. This is gonna be sad.
I hate getting spam dms....
In some African countries, it's more common to have a cellphone than a bank account
Whatup chi-town! Thanks for the follow!
21 where is the party at ?
U guys are childish never displayed this on tv
Dig That, Lets Make It Happen
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
#Amerks with a stick salute before leaving the ice. Tough loss but a great season here in Rochester.
Most important development from Miller Park this afternoon? Taylor Green picked the Kings to win the Cup. I picked the Rangers.
Lol hahaha :) RT : shot, I'd follow him too ;)
hehe! Fair enough. I do love math.
ha!! U know Matt? He doesn't run SF... Ask him to do his Julian Casablancas dance
I have pineapple rum. Super delicious!
Imma be in bitch mode tomorrow..so no one take it too personal
It's "Top Chef" sans the interesting personalities, difficult challenges, and talented contestants?
It also won't be filled with trivial fat free sugar free food either.
We are looking for politcally-themed submissions for our upcoming issue. Free print copy to anyone whose story is accepted!
the song made for his mother >>>>>.
"Commitment leads to Action....Action brings ur dreams closer."....Thank you baby jesus!! =p
Ash is working on her new song at Gravity Studios today! I am seeing Felix Lee Lerma, psychic-medium!
And Primo & Epico don't get a rematch? #Pass!!!
Those look awesome :)
I need to. Call me sometime soon!
LOOKING FOR A P.A. SYSTEM FOR MY BAND.....ANYONE? LAST TIME I HAD A BAND I WAS USING 2 PEAVEY COLUMNS AND AN XR600 YEAH ITS BEEN A WHILE...
"ain't over til it's over" by Lenny Kravitz goes well with red wine and habanero & lime popcorn. Thank you make westing
Why can't I find a dolphin fan that wants to go to every single game with me! Lol! Ugh! Is it just me?!
WOO! 134 Followers in a day.S/O TO ALL YALL PEOPLE!!#TEAMFOLLOWBACK!!!
Played First Note Music Hall last night. Everyone was so welcoming and fun! Thx for a great time.
My first tweet from my new phone; how exciting! Well, exciting for me at least...I think I need to get a life!
Audrey says going to Sun Studios was better than horseback riding today... Ive done something right
Life is tough. Why haven't you congratulated the Caps yet?
nice to be alive and well on the "new" Twitter!! where are we?
i really hate the heat now
Occupy Wall Street is finally trending in NYC.
Switched Epic's website over to a new server today! Working on a new social network app for Epic. Think it could b cool for CG's!
Calc and bio finals in the next two days
Just feel very disingenuous getting into NHL. It is just not that cool, in my opinion.
I think we need a Home Depot for the human body. Let's do everything DIY!
If you're ever in the Cherry Creek section of #Denver, check out Pasta Pasta Pasta for lunch. Beautifully authentic
That just made me question if you're straight or not..
everyday we hustling
Pineapple salsa is too good
Eh, not sure if he's applicable--Duncs isn't known to be dirty, stupid and dirty as that move WAS.
Eclipse came from Visual Age for Java
created the 'location' !! Check in! We're all here partying without you
and aren't bad either...
I used the term "blowing your wad" in reference to spending a lot of money at a meeting. Common phrase, yes?
The holy grail is to spend less time making the picture than it takes people to look at it. ::: Banksy :::
sorry, there was a typo on our website, it will be out THIS august!#MyGerms RT : Im excited for August of 2012!
yeah man, the password is.....
Independet Artists across the USA choose Musicalstop.com as their one stop shop for artists marketing materials
A need for education to be "permanently beta", says Yes! Continuous improvement!
Back Once Again..Feels like i keep repeating myself
#ImABelieberBecause Justin is not just an inspiration! He told me to never give up, to believe in my dreams! And his music makes me happy (:
Great D on Allen tonight. Tough loss, I thought you were going to win!
Can someone invite me to a party so I can wear this sexy ass outfit?
Why thank you, that made me smile :)
Arabic Proverb~ To the pure all things are pure.
#YouCuteAndAllBut all the mixed signals are not okay. You either like me or you don't.
let's do it! every night is a #karaoke night, but mon/tues good for me.
A2. Pyramids of Giza. Preferably when there aren't a horde of people about.
Matt Moore > Tim Tebow
The thing I like about twitter, is I can post shit all the time
you were doing what? Ahaha.
I think my boy Jeremy Lin needs a new suit from
I can mail u a spare copy if u send ur address via email :) or I can scan it ..might get more readers that way...
Today left me needing a hot shower, a bottle of midol, a bar of chocolate and a fat bowl -___-
any stops in the Philly area???
If you want it put ya name on it!
Ian Bell's Seattle Confidential on 5/14! Few seats left. Theme: My 15 Minutes of Fame. Feat. Michael Patten, Imogen Love & Evan Mosher.
hey man, im on hallo now... please follow me!!! would love to send u a message!!!! btw iam friends with
Banks and credit unions to offer cash prizes under new law - Baltimore Sun
everyone i wanna talk to is either busy or too far away :/
The soundtrack to iCarly is not good
We hope that general service will return on Monday.
bring pau up to the podium to shame him. what an awful effort.
ONLY ON 12: Home video moments after a Clackamas mobile home explodes. I'll have neighbor reaction & details coming up at 6:00!
I Didn't Even Know He Had S Girlfriend . I Guess He Keep It LowKey
probably just 'til tomorrow morning. At a thing downtown today.
If U cant do it right dont do it at all
I forgotten how my system for ranking numbers for five number lottery games worked. I figured it out last night. It calculates "goodness."
Go #jay hawks!
Have fun Sinitta! RT : Can't believe it-filming out of town so will miss the show!!! Will watch recording! Enjoy!
I think that was a typo lol Ive never seem a car made of nachos lol
Put us in your next follow friday and we will send out a mention Monday just for your support!
Passive distance.
Oh Cause I Was Getting Confused Cause They Said She Was And Then They Said She Wasn't.(:
you bet!
It will take him where he wants to go!
Thanks for the Richmond music CD from #SCMRVA. Finally got a chance to listen!
When you tackle adversity, and you will, meet it head on. And be grateful for those problems, because the alternative is unthinkable.
Tryna teach deeZ girls how to roll.
All votes appear to have been counted. At this point, Kloppenburg is up by 204 votes. But there will now be a recount.
Is it true that Curious George is dating 'The Hangover' monkey?
Anything you permit (good or bad) grows and it will boomerangs on you.
this makes social so relevant for all sports, and really live events...DVR loses value if know results
Use your Nordstrom card at the Rack. You can also use Nordstrom Notes® and make payments to your Nordstrom account at any Rack store.
lol brb this fat kid has to take a shower!
About to leave for school woo -.-
John Eager Howard died today on 1827. The MD born Howard was a Revolutionary War hero, 5th Governor of MD & a US Senator for his home state.
I <3 ! So excited for halftime.
Thanks for the tweets. Let us know if you'd like beta access to PeekAnalytics.
OMG OK IM COMIN SOON LOOK FOR ME
who cares about the NBA finals when the Brewers sweep the Cards and take over 1st in the NL Central?
Smh #PrettyBoy RT : ' I think I dress pretty fly...u know my #Swag on a
It's not about the "brain freeze", it's about the magnitude of content and Perry's ignorance with that content. Bush 2 revisited.
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning. -Louis L'Amour
are you guys coming back to st. Louis??
"Be gentle. I'm a rental."
Just booked my Hangout weekend! So stoked!
No Body Dies A Virgin, Because In Thee End Life Fucks Us All. ♥
i'm super excited about taking out for his 19th birthday this afternoon! crazy tomato and toy story 3 here we come! :)
Why wouldn't they? It's stable. I've not used 7, but Vista blows. Heck, all HP business PC's still offer XP.
RT : - looking good. Nice work.
Interested. Need to chat sometime.
Just wait until I get the new hottest chile Trinidad Moruga Scorpion! the ghost chili wings are crazy delicious
I wish I never met you. I wish I never said the hello, that changed everything.
With all due respect to Steve Vernon, his articles show he doesn't know much about what clients want or what's available.
Here at Musee D'Orsay and Wondering what wines Van Gogh, Gauguin and Rodin enjoyed most?
And don't forget about the Il Barone Reserva :) I wouldn't mind having a case of that for
Just under 3 months away!! Do you have your team signed up yet!? #outdoors #triathlon WILD CANYON GAMES June 4-6
My mom, dad, cousin, and grandpa are playing Wii fitness, my brother is at the gym, my grandmas on the treadmill, Im there sitting.. eating.
#FF - (Thanks for following me!)
Major congrats! Stayin' in Cville, too!
damn u fake ass why would u make a fake page dumb ass trick
I made a quizazz to post my one direction fan fiction on but I don't have any followers and idk how to really use it...
your very welcome
I hate sports and I hate crowds, but I am so proud of #Indy right now. The world needs to know what a great thing we have here.
I can taste the pesticides on this celery.
Goodnight sweeties!! Sleep well!
People who don't use turn signals don't deserve to have a car
how am I supposed to let someone love me while I can't even love myself?
Some people playin' some casual Warhammer40k come join the fun!
Looking at Facebook for the winner. Congrats Jermaine.! ♥
Is it possible that speculations about businesses, products and services are detrimental to the well-being of consumers? Yes!
#fact RT": Tits > Any other word that ends in "its""
Lost my phone charger.
Nasty ally oop!!!
Such a great day with her like always!!:))
RT : I still say we shld just put Obama at the border & let him bow as ppl enter illegally.
iPhone 4S looks pretty sweet. Was hoping for a brand new design but the tech specs are solid, so could be time for an upgrade
About to finish this packet for English
yea yea! im telling you they're for real!
Tonight's movie: To Wong Foo, Thanks For Everything! - Julie Newmar, featuring Patrick Swayze, Wesley Snipes & John Leguizamo
Nothing ever works out in my favor.
bored w/ out my bestfrend #lonely:(
only in AZ never at Lambeau. It's high on the priority list though
by a little bit you guys get anyone else
I know I'm messing with you. It's good someone can find a job around here
It is impossible to witness the everyday miracle that is music, and not believe that humans have souls. --Me :)
My #Indy friends, if you are not already, you should follow & ;)
“: Nick young to the clippers lets go idk clippers gone go hard” really??
I just want to watch movies all day
That's a very spammy tweet right there.
not gay marriage but homosexuality is mentioned numerous times its one in the same.
Yep, True Grit's getting a ride home in a broken down old vehicle of Michael Douglas's - Money Never Sleeps.
Awesome, Carol!
Oh cool. iTunes is asking for a password I set up in high school. No idea.
Thanks for the shout! #Hamburger month
No best friend of mine would ever get with one of my exes!!
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
same night
Guise, you suck... Cause that last tweet was complete sarcasm
Just got a huge order of wings in for Thursday Wing Night. BOGO wings 5-11. Let's keep it classy and enjoy $1 off Martinis 5-7
OH: Damnit.. now I want to bowl
- Trane, McCoy Tyner, Elvin Jones and JImmy Garrison will get you through it.
Sweet, Central Machine Works in Austin is helping build a "pennybacker bridge" structure for the Homeless Coach RV -- THANKS Mike Bennett!
It seems the Capitalizers have spoken. A new AC cover needs to happen!
Haven't been tweeting a lot lately
Here I come manuscript. Beware if my red pen! I'm like Rocky, only less-sweaty!
Well i take it back #xfactor Melanie Amaro just sealed the deal ! Jesus what a voice.
I just add it your other page
Follow the GOD of orange soda!
KGO Beer Fest only 24 weeks away - not long at all :-) Beer is great!
holy crap #bills signed Vince Young today
you made the pork before the fish?
I love all the social media facts you're sharing - thanks! :)
best news for publishers: they're countercyclical
lol wow, *tomorrow
When I can't go to sleep at night I don't count sheep, I do a thread count.
I tell you that until heaven and earth pass away, not so much as a yud or a stroke will pass from the Torah - Yeshua
How can we finally get a grocery in Holy Cross? So disappointed to hear that your store is headed to Marrero.
Thanks for the follows!
Going with to get her tattoo!
Passed the test(: this girls getting her permit!
need to develop your circles so more people that join should be worth the time right now its starting to grow
was confused by that. Huge yanks fan? Do they even hate tb dunno?
who got it?!
two people have mentioned that!!!!
Hello! Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing. www.kupoz.com Success to All!
Yao Ming retiring. I have a feeling that he'll find a way to make a comeback.
Have you guys started getting ready for our OFFICIAL POOL SEASON Kickoff?
I think it would have been even better if the teams were more evenly matched lol. I almost felt bad for the other team. :)
Just got goosebumps when seeing & reacting to getting the cal at the opening to the
Hahaha right? Thank goodness they got someone so stable & strict like Bobby Valentine to rein them in.
we will get through it lil 💜💜👍
Is Atlas Sound playing tonight? I though they were scheduled for tomorrow—or is that the "hint"?
I will be enjoying a massage at that time
1 Liter of Beer is only $5 tonight at Hooligan's! Miller Lite or High Life. Enjoy! 2017 E North Ave
Hi Karina!! How are you?
This was just what I needed! I believe I can run on and see what the ends gonna be.
We didn't know we had half the police department per capita as San Fran. Who can do a fact check?
Vintage Kobe in action.
can i please call you and will u plzz follow me RT
The last couple days I wake up to my daughter saying "Daddy? Daddy? Daddy?" Sometimes it's the little things.
garbage maybe..?
Has anyone mentioned Sexy Boxers yet?
RT : We are excited to announce the 2012 pace car driver for the #Indy500 will be Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives host !
During sound test for last nite's show a artist asked "Pink Floyd & Philip Glass - what show is this?" Answer - It's !
yu say u got deals all ova the table huh? u need to get ur song mixed and mastered first, wit yah #WackAzz LMBO.
Let me help you with your recent tweet. Hungry, Halloween, and spirits all tossed together make for a great pancake.
Thanks to the talented dancers who auditioned yesterday! There was great energy in the room.
Agreed! We must create strategic alliances with utilities and counties.
having fun in the la la land (;
Thank you Jesus for central air :)
Your attitude is an unstoppable force!! Happy Friday!
Thanks Rupert!! So nice to tweet with you about the neighborhood!
What is your favorite baseball movie of all-time?
Your charcoal animal drawings are incredible!! Do you have a place for them on your website? We couldn't find them!
(charlie sheen show) why did they buy the tickets in the 1st place? Hoping to see a meltdown? Like an accident u slow down 2c?
Still on a fitness kick? Our friends have some great prices on exercise gear!
Oh, that's cool How To Train Your Dragon don't bring your live show to St. Louis. I mean, no one wanted to see it or anything..
WOW WHO STARED THIS ENY WAY
Excited about my lecture at Swarthmore College today. Looking forward to spending time with the students & hope they will run with new ideas
Have you looked at using Contactually?
wtf is wrong wit you niggas?
Want #Free Tickets to See the Off-Broadway show #MACBETH in #NYC --Follow for more info!
I head-butted Mike's bass at the end of our set last night. Self-inflicted black eyes: I'll drink to that.
Forrest Gump said "Life is Like a Box of Chocolates". What if I don't like sweets, do I turn it into Lemonade?
happy birthday Lady!! In sorry we missed out Saturday night. Drinks, us, the guys...soon! xo
Hmm true... Do you want to be my hype man!?
Here at Wicked Carnival, we're 100% #TeamFollowBack. So tell your friends if they need more follows today!
yup, back to giving up.
WTF! Obama protestors getting arrested for expressing their views! what happened to the first amendment of freedom of speech??
Text me
#THATS TH TRUTH WHEN I SAY HOW I LOVE ND FEEL ABOUT YOU
So. Much. Planning. #firstworldprobz Sensation, Spring Break, Birthday wknd, visit in Apr & in May!
As nerdy as I am I just do not enjoy The Big Band Theory. And since when has Blossom been in this show?
Early wakeup and flight. Sorry we couldn't hook up but we'll try again on the next (hopefully longer) trip to the Bay Area.
On the up side I finished wrapped and prepared my brother's and his girlfriend's birthday gift.
very hot gurl ha your funny lol
Jennifer Hudson very nice rendition, what happen to Etta James! Short notice.
Loretta Hunt: Carano using MMA background to rev up film career
Then I might actually put forth $100 for a game ticket!
when you work
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will. -Epictetus
Yeah, I can see how that would have been problematic.
If you are looking for a good restaurant, check out Screen Door.
Sign up for Snippets E-lerts at www.clefnotesjournal.com/subscriptions
"we basically grew up in Alex's house" -
:( It must of hurt!
I'm working on a piece for NJ.
The kitchen is still open and will be til at least midnight Stop in after
100+ passer rating against him. He would fit perfectly : Drayton Florence available if #Lions are interested
Go Orioles! See their star stealer at brianroberts1.com!
just spent 10 min wrestling a paige box into shape & the office classical music playlist spits out a rousing "GLORIA" chorus
do you know of any Holtby attire w Saskatchewan and Alberta flags, like on back of his mask?
finally home! What a fun day in the city with my parents(: love spending christmas money!
boys with Soft wavy hair
A glass of wine with Etta James under the sun.
take a look at thejit.org -- been using that lib for some pretty basic stuff and it seems pretty powerful.
": In California, there are more required hours of training to become a barber than to become a police officer." That is odd!
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. way to go mavs watch out for golden state though
“: Think I'm getting a sore throat oh no. Taking advice of & overdosing on some zinc” good little puppy you are 😘
#IWantTpPunchPeopleWho feel the need to shoot others. fukn pussy !!
Good morning! I'm hungry what should I eat?
Yes, she got a suit jacket thanks 2 who picked her up, took her 2 mall, waited 4 her & took her to the interview!
Last night was WONDERFUL!! Got to see my Verses Fam & my big bro #GoodTimes 😊
Printer cartridges can be bought online direct from your printer manufacturer and it makes sense to go down this route
I'm out of it
The fact that Ron's leaving... Makes mr want to quit Hollister 100x more than I already do...
Crew Love >
RT : #bbcsum12 open access nets need rt infrastructure, starting w duct and fiber. Need equipment that supports multi- providers
I wonder when will be back in Wisconsin next...
Same! RT : for a second, I thought I won something
dude, seriously one song...
At work Studying and Doing My Research for my interview next week
Is that from Carmen? mt Opera trivia quiz show on KUHF. Anyone who ever said boo about obscure KTRU programming: eat my shorts
no problem.. i miss you a lott :( <3
I haven't been on set with her but I don't know if she has or not
Id cap that is SO annoying now that everyone has it, not even funny anymore.
Just keep doing your thang & I'm sure youre gonna make to the big cities!<3Hopefully I'll make it to where you are now some day<3
#Actors! Get your creative marketing on with an ACTOR ONE SHEET. Seriously! They're kinda awesome, like you.
Sunny-- Gorgeous finish to the week! HIGH: 59. Passover begins at 7:26 PM. Clear & Chilly tonight. LOW: 39. Sunny Easter wknd. HIGHS: 60-65.
Our office will be closed Monday, May 30th. Those off to #NAFSA11 we'll see you there! Everyone else have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend.
Eileen. You don't even know.
follow me! I love PLL!
agreed. modeling helps in so many ways.
My day is starting...I have 11hrs to go
Can't save them all..
#PURPLEFRIDAY...Stronger than we've ever been.
Random question of the day. Anyone have a suggestion for where to buy laptops in Dakar? What sorts of prices to expect e.g. eeePC
“: Let me lay my love on you <3 #repeat ” yes ma'am!!!
gimme the links to em lol I wanna stalk them
I'm honestly not too angry about this draft but there were some questionable picks. Looks like we just signed a WR from OSU tho!
put a roach in it!! ☺
it is when YOU'RE doing it!
I just hate the Lakers winning.. Anybody to win the Finals please.. except coach Jackson and Bryant..
thank you for the shoutout i really appricaite it
Hi! Ppl go follow and and we auto follow bck and nice tweets!!!!!!!!!
thanks for picking up my Musings of a Grad Student post!
Did you find your cousin?
Guys, I'm earlier to school than I'm saposed to be. BOOM.
Do you circ iPads? Curious about what you put on them...
you appreciate empire more after new hope
I'm tired of all the bullshit and struggling!.
Earth Day at the zoo. Excited for free gifts and knowledge. Oh, and some badass animals.
It don't bother yall that the President has no/very light eyebrows? #ScandalParty #SCANDAL => STOP!! LOL
Thank YOU! Great time had by all. Def made more fans of
studying for my math test! wish me luck? :)
Going to miss watching ! Enjoy yourself - you've earned it!
Life is about the journey
i just came to shut down my twitter. irl im moving to my gf's house
Ready for prom
Well at least the fact that we are gonna be in Afghanistan until 2024 will guarantee me my commission now probably.
You special fo reel!! and the cadence is crazy!! You from Richmond I'm from NC. You still an indie artist?
good morning!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ah! Impressive... Although, I think we need to get you a better camera, or at least a proper photographer. :-P
I got this SKOL for you
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Availability is hard! (Let's go shopping...)
So happy to have you here!
shut up ! I'm bathing the puppy ! BYE !
I will try to make it, even though my dance card is a little full tonight. Love the art you guys show there!
I add my AMEN to that also! That's a good one!
hooked on country music lol
Finally hope you have a good day ;) (your last tweet save it for the stage)
Bummer on the hot chocolate, though.
As soon as you stop wanting something , you get it .
Game 7 baby!!!!! Exciting!!!! This is hockey!!!! Wow!
I wonder if still stands on corners, watching girls go by... :)
Yellow is the new white. Semolina breads and focaccia available at bread pick up at The Bridge from five to seven.
my piano won't turn on. umm what the FUCK
You know that 52 years from yesterday we are so getting crunk.
“Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough,& you don't know why.”
Damn that shit blew my high and I ain't even high real talk
Who thinks BAC (Bank of America) is a good investment at $5.18?
The Antarctic is now CG
i am so happy to hear that... if you chat with her soon.... give her my best
nah this clearly isn't love. I'll get you back, No worries.
Thata good work son.
We'll sleep this weekend. There's work to be done. -JO
needs a roommate. Must be clean, quiet & willing to let use your crapper. No pets. Ghosts O.K.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein
After I pay my bills Tmrw I'm goin to treat myself like a queen :) ...nothin better
Here's another product for you.
Twitter anybody? Hit us up -The TV.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening. Then becoming mostly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s in the downtown...
First modeling job was a success! Pictures should be up soon!
Ray Bourque is in the house watching the #Bruins!
is at the Shamrock Club's Easter Rising Mass. We almost started at 9.30.
It was a terrible call though. I have never seen a player the size of White be protected like he has been tonight.
xo. Youre coming to the meet and greet?
boo your selection! but i dig.
i want you, not her, you.
Study Dynamic Web Content with SMI #eyetracking software - learn more at the SMI booth at
People need to stop blaming their problems on other people,and face the fact that they're in the situation they're in because they're DUMB.
The burning building is where I'm supposed to close on the refi of my house on Thursday morning.
just a question i didn't say it
That's because you haven't eaten Gabi's... soon, perhaps?
Move deaths that made me cry: Spock in Star Trek II; Optimus Prime in Transformers; Bambi's mom in Bambi; Simon Birch in Simon Birch...
On the "Science of SEO" webinar #SEOSci right now with and over 9,000 attendees!
yeah way more effective it's not that bad
Offering 15% off out line of custom scrubs (check out the new designs!) Thanks for following us!! Coupon code: USAUSA
at least Friday has some funny parodies. Like the Canucks version.
Picking up my cap & gown today x)
We want to know: What is your favorite Thanksgiving tradition?
I will not see u first thing in the morning so Happy Birthday while I'm sleeping tweetheart
Wearing down....
Years ago, I met a young super fast typist who told me she must have been a typist in her previous life. I did not believe this explanation.
YAY!! Cant wait for 3/26/13 sea of monsters movie!!!!!!:D
Congrats on being the new FOTM! I bet you'll be a good one & I hope I can get to know you better. :) <3
we taking over one city at a time.
Getting ready to start, we're hosting the Greg Jennings golf party!
Just got a compliment on #Yelp: "You're so cool polar bears wear sweaters around you." I'll take it.
We created Planet Impact Energy to handle all our Solar Projects ...more to come... thks for following
I will NEVER be cool with pumping my own gas.
RT : quote of the day: "Hey guys! I have a ton of carrots!" // it made sense in my head when i said it!!!
Thanks. Embarrassing, though. I need a last call on work. Pace Jalen Rose, nothing good's happening after 130am.
Have a great night and weekend!!
Come by the booth #1503 & sit in on the next theatre presentation starting now: "#Dell Cloud for Solution Series"
I love Black Veil Brides. And if you call me emo for liking them, i don't care because
Jackpot, hands down.......Jiggy is uglier than sin.
your welcome beautiful.. goodmorning to you also.
Can't wait ! “: lucky you !!!! #envy #imissbeirut”
I found a spanish translation to love enough YES :)
The Mets blew two leads today but still beat the Rockies 6-5 in 11 innings
President Obama picked the Lobos to go to the Sweet Sixteen. Wonder if he has ever heard of Car Crafters..... Probably!
why r u sad
bahaha thank you I needed that today
It's official WOWP is over. Congrats to Alex Russo
get outta here
ah. makes sense xD
Everyone at the beach and I'm killin myself in the gym...im not crazy I'm just #Dedicated to being great
Chicago! Yes!!
Everybody fooling today.
Uncharted 2 = awesome
feeling practical, I think the web stack for my next personal project will probably be: ruby w/ sinatra/haml/sass/mongodb/coffeescript
mines to!
Drinking a Central Waters Peruvian Morning...that sadly tastes like green apples. Infection, anyone?
I don't know what says REDNECK louder. Monday night rasslin' or Monday night racing and I LOVE it!! Need to do this every race!
At the Williams syndrome walk, kids rockin the lot with a little rage against the machine, drummer is a Williams kid, awsome!
@ burger king and sum RANDOM white girl juss waved @ me, bxtch ion no u ! tf
He gotta new one
Having a hard time with this broken heart of mine! Thank God for Basketball more importantly the Mavs and Kells!!!
The ability to filter out individuals on the fly (bots, for example) & create ad hoc groups (visualy)
de nada inbox
Rhyme Calisthenics Philly MC's confirmed for the 29th--> What up! Yall Ready?
So happy my parent are enjoying the show as much as I thought they would. It's a family affair :)
The LESS options- the better
So me and were prank calling bars in L.A. last night, sad I know, but one of the funniest things I've seen in a while.
Student initiative for solar panels on univ. townhouses. Report by end of next week. - Richard Payant, Director of Facilities Management
#listeningto Turn To You by :)
#TeamFollowBack aye is this thing still around?!
Waiting on my shoe deal. It seems like everyone else has one. What are you waiting for?
Now you gotta punch a can of beer before you drink it? I'm so out of touch.
An eclipse is just the suns attempt to hide from
Niggas wanna hate on me. Until I tell them to they face, they ain’t no G. Low key.
Come kiss the sun before it's gone! $5 habanero tequila shots. If you're lucky, we'll give you some lime to cut it.
i tried reading into it but 2p2 is busto! :(
account on ticketmaster?
yep. Agreed!
whooppssss... My bad. But thank you. :)
Nathan from the wanted is really cute :}
thanks for the recommendation... as the father of a daughter, sounds like something I shd read
Am i getting anyones attention?
No punts for Mastay tonight
Enjoy the big bang, and july 3rd fireworks from roots decks. new cocktail menu debuts next week.
A1: Can we clarify question? is it who in a co. is/should be responsible for customer data? or is the ? different?
that's why you only have 1000 ??? Right 😒
Yes, and I don't like it! But then again, I dislike change of any kind.
is that what u do? Lol
You're welcome, and thanks for your great presentation!
happy anniversary you two love birds!
Play our games for discounts on yogurt! If you come in with this word jumble solved today you get 50% off! The word is "cigma lehsl"
happy to be aboard!
Anything can (& apparently will) happen in 2012
: my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back(:" Is daht right ? lol
playing a set Tomorrow night at E-string 6pm. (Sunset and sunset closer to valley verde)
BBC1 is on the old Rosie channel. Just thought I'd let you know.
Bode Miller wants to return to US Ski Team for 2010 Winter Olympics. Miller has 31 World Cup wins. So there. He is the best we have now
Last game of the regular season for the Winter Hawks, basking in the glow of FIRST PLACE in the division!!!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She knew the real me!
How's Texas?
Loveing the play by play of Titanic's sinking but small inappropriate voice in me thought "stop tweeting and run for it"
Dear Orgo gods, please help me through this final and make sure I don't throw up
check us out! We are extremely good.
Alas, #SnowLeopard breaks #Calibre. My Kindle DX will be despondent without the open book goodness pumped into it by Calibre.
yeah right.
Enchanting! A red fox living under the pecans on site of old Mental Health Center.
Big thanks! RT : Best station ever = create station by artist J-Boogie's Dubtronic Science. Awesome mix.
Matthew 26:34 Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.
I heard about it on the radio this morning and thought I was back in Oklahoma.
I still will never hit him
DAMN TELL HIM... or Her.
please follow me i will be so happy your so amazing and your th e best thing that haass ever been born!
As strange as it is, #NY1's "In The Papers" segment is a great way to start a day.
Frank Vogel: "This is a huge step for our franchise...but we feel like this is just the beginning of a big run."
S/o my big bro for finally droppin that #finerthings vid on um! The truth needs no support!
This does not include politics. I'm just talmbout the weather! And the scenery.
He said to get at his people.
Notre Dame lucky to be down only 6 at half. Natalie Novosel needs some shots to fall. Let's go Irish...20 minutes to the title!
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift? Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift. Call 412-367-4888 to get one today.
I never even seen this part of pussy town before!
Never call them mistakes, They're lessons. they're there to teach you what not to do in the future..
Lookout World! and I are going to the...GYM!! Right now!
my birthday is nine days before james' and I love BTR.
science homework<TEMPLE RUN
“There are no speed limits on the road to excellence."
Love that everyone hugs it out after speaking at
Transitioning out of it is tough. Take what you learned and use it in whatever new system you're running - hope it's not plays.
BTW the rabbit escaped all the jaws of joy!
I found them through the Underground French Bulldog network of Columbus. Truth...
thanks for the shoutout man!
Suiting here listening to a single chic give relationship advice to a married woman,she'll joining her lonely ass friend soon in misery 👩🔫
Hath almost ended his life's history: Night hangs upon mine eyes; my bones would rest That have but labour'd to attain this hour.
iEatTheMUFFIN LoveAndGunzx33 you got us with coupons? iEatTheMUFFIN got you with a chimi ?
Sports fund universities too, so there must be a happy medium somewhere. VT has a large library, so I'm happy.
Do you have a "Teddy Bear" story to share? Love to hear from you.
don't do it alisha
Ahh!! Just bought our tickets for our trip to Europe :p. So excited can't wait for Dublin :))
Dust yourself off, Smile, and Try again.....
did you ever walk out to Tool? during the season? Thought I heard "Sober" in there.....just saying a great band!
Does anyone else think that Jack Black is overrated.
Greinke with another killer outing for the #Brewers. Look out NL, he's getting cranked up.
your not my guide, or i'd have been led far astray. Your not the judge, or i'd be beneath 6 feet of decay
Hey! My name is Claudia and you should follow me for twitter fights once a week!(;
Clickers! I want!
Bibby is prob out of breath already
CORRECTION: Marris' record
He sent me a pic to remind me what im giving up...
Do it!! That's why I left
playing #mw3 getting ready for black ops 2!
actually, it's 'Kyle Denlinger, MA in Information Science & Learning Techs w/ an emphasis in Library Science."
Thanks to both of you for a horrible image.
re: TVD: agreed! PS I'm on way to VD territory! Roanoke is just the street from the fictional Mystic Falls!
I haven't decided if I'll let you save my life, or if I'll drown.
I dont be caring .. I anit no pussy ass nigga I'm down for whateva
If u go to WVSU spread the word Kingdom Life Fellowship meeting in the University Union every Sunday 10:30 am!!!
RIP game 3
Hey #Houston, I'm looking for some local #volunteer opportunities. What organization do you support or can recommend?
Q5 Kindle for me but i would hate to implement Kindle use at a school it has been scary watching amazon handled the situation
i know
oh boy im scared lolololol!
BECAUSE romney wanted ALL the money for himself, he isn't willing to share with anyone, probably why he's so secretive
Hey, we should text! Well if ya want. Lol
I <3 you harry
LOB CITY for Denver tonight!!!!!
It's on my calendar!
#BEATLA chants sound good no matter what arena it's coming from.
I'm a White Sox fan, you know, the real baseball team in Chicago?
yes. K-12 public schools in Georgia don't even have recess so they can do more test prep. It's disgusting.
07 Quintessa Proprietary Red. Sweet cherry nose. Hard-edge tannins mellow quickly. Spice, currant, blackberry. Long finish 92 pts
beautiful drive in this a.m. Lake Washington looked like glass. Hope the week holds out!
proud of my big brother ...accepting his first big job offer.
Wishing our security guard Tony a very happy 17th Miriam's Kitchen anniversary! Our longest-serving MK employee!
no I had smith. But I think a lot of classes did Othello. 🔫
free tickets? They're giving them away all day today every hour on their twitter page!
go subway!
#AllStaff meeting this morning at 9a.
Start filming tomorrow...hope that it doesn't rain:(
A2 Would love to be back in Fiji or Sydney
11:11 I want you to retweet and follow me :) Love you!
Be safe when conducting lab work! Learn safe work practices required and what is recommended by OSHA.
come on with it! Did you see that movie with Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet
Get out and vote! We'll have the results on the #fox7 after the race tonight.
Vandy kicker missed because he has his wrists taped and sweat bands around his elbows. Don't hurt yourself buddy.
Great job tonight at my home. People love you because you are real, sincere, and the only candidate that cares about SD.
ugh I'm sorry. I'm just gonna stop all together than 
I'm at your old job.
you were the bomb tonight from here on in take you time, SON !!!
'I work really hard & I’m physically fit/...When I rule the world maybe they’ll notice me/But until then I’ll just be lonely.' -TA lyrics
thanks for the aloha- have you ever talked to a neurochiropractor? They have a one in Mpls where kids have found help-
45 minutes till oral arguments in the #SB1070 case begin!
RT RT : social media is not a fad. it IS media
People I go to for clothing advice? and
today is my birthday!! :)
Obstacles are essential for success because victory arrives just after many struggles and many defeats.
:-) figured so!
That angry moment when you're having an argument, and you realize you’re wrong.
fuck that! We going out next wkend!! #Underbar or #Roxys!! We out!!
BAD LINDSEY BAD!!
everything is handed to us on a plate
Chris Dede #eli2012 current model is to "sprinkle frosting of active learning on a cake of presentational learning"
Every hour should be happy hour
So I come home and my mom gives me a kitten!(:
Hi Blair, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
Ladies always follow your instincts 9 time out of 10 they are right!
Bout to get buck wild on thirsty Thursday!!!!!!
oh my
Aw. Be careful!!
oops harry potter my bad
I needed to watch the video to refresh my memory and it reminded me how amazing it was.
and you i suppose
Watching Tigers on WGN, on
i want to be in the big bad city :)
You know you're at a good pizza joint when Italians are hanging out around you. Chillin at 2amys.
Causes of eczema on hands | Baby Eczema, Eczema Treatment ...
but if you get the ones mid-plane, you get more legroom!! Oh ya, use the overhead compartment!!
So sleepy but I must study!! Need #motivation!
Are we acting I Like a couple, I'm just trying to get it straight cause I'm over here convinced that its too early for mistakes
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
lol glad u like it real talk
working on a mixtape my dude, we talked at Envy at the 2chainz party I do beats and I got one for you need a email address
Someone just said Cake Boss is staged. Le throws knife it head~
shake it out head to toe, throw it all together that's how we roll.*
Up and at 'em this morning....looking for ....where r u?
Is it #justme or do I text like I'm drunk at all times?
we here at PK are doing some more work on the network video issue. what's the best way to get in touch for a chat??
There should be a eating contest where you have to eat ONE and only ONE Oreo with the bag left in front of you. No one would win. Ever.
Oh no! My office is starting to look like the inside of my brain!
My dream last night: SD Mayor Jerry Sanders calls me to talk #taxes. This may qualify as a nightmare.
Hate the chatification of , with fake Q&A between host & correspondent rather than pro reports. #NPR goes the route of mass media.
told you lol
Sister bonding time later at the zoo :D Taking out my nephew for the first time ! Leaving boyfriends behind :D
thoroughly enjoyed the Dark Shadows film. If you want a fun movie, this is recommended.
DANNY B gets the goal back and the #Flyers WIN in OVERTIME!
So, I'm about to lead the opening night Q&A with Will Reiser and Phillip Baker Hall.
Stop encouraging that petty shit , her ass doesn't have a life
We'll need his threes!
he'd lose his mind in this house right now.
happy birthday!!! <3 follow?
You don't know how much I love Won the Inglorious Basterds giveaway. Thanks so much. :D I think y'all should give away Easy A next?
it's cool to admit you both like staring at my nips cause I am that dang
#TrainingTip: Mix up your training with other types of workouts, but seek out stairs for most of your training so you're well prepared.
when history looks back on us, people will ask what was so momentous about the new millennium. The Internet. We did good everyone.
RT Best volunteers around! : Hey volunteers. Looking forward to serving with you guys today. Thanks for all you do!!
yeah he has some serious stuff...a good book to read by Amos Wilson on Adolescents and Violence among black boys
now you're just somebody that I used to know..
That NYT story is gut-wrenching...and not surprising at all.
lol, i don't know where you live?
I learned that "everybody" loving something means nothing. Think how many people love "Jersey Shore." ((shiver))
Nice! RT will be open from Midnight-3am tonight giving away free pancakes and french toast.
good evening Mr. Stone. My weapons of choice are iMovie for the Mac and for my PC I prefer Sony Vegas Movie Studio HS Platinum.
Wishing mode :)
A Halloween antho will be SO much fun!
Please help us!!!
But you know I will ALWAYS love you..Even if Im not around no more..
is in #Kentucky for the day touring #Louisville kicking off our latest KTDA project.
too bad we can't score
Declaring e-mail amnesty on Gmail after having achieved inbox 0 (OK 0 + 3) on my work inbox. Goodbye 7,426 unread messages. Won't miss you.
That way I got to watch all of their apperances on that day and listen to that cd nonstop. It was my mom's b-day too so
As written from Clinton, could use becus no mention of Homeland Defense but now just needs a cause!
Good morning to everyone up and down my TL
Look, we know you love Sleeping With Sirens and Pierce The Veil. Shut up. We get it.
I miss you soo much! I'm visiting a sick relative in Chicago, and my fone is gonneeee messed up
Horrible Day Just Awful ! :/
Thanks, love!
“: how was your mothers day” Hey Friend! It was really smooth, it was wet here so me & the kids spent quality x
Al Horford: "Outlet? Never heard of such a thing."
Next weekend?? :))
Thank you to all the #Fishers businesses that joined us tonight.
Woo! Heck yeah! :D : lol right :D we were the best doinkers the three of us :')
Good to hear! Bet that was an awesome show!
Can't wait to read next section of rewrites from ... his next book reads like a blockbuster!
Contemplating my next move. You gotta go get it or get got!
#watching back and stay focus
When youre pregnant people either: - Run away from you. - Talk shit. - Run & try to be your friend.
Im finna go to McDonalds…I'm hungry AF
I can already smell the beach.
At least the person you love didn't leave you, & your mom doesn't have cancer. Be thankful...
The most beautiful preserved city in Europe - like an medieval engraving. And more flavored beers than BRobbin's Ice Cream!
Biggest fail of #sxswi has got to be the printed Times. What is the point? I have yet to see someone grab one.
Happy Birthday - Your a wonderful organization that honor our #veterans, keep up the great work!
9 times out of ten yes
Tomorrow's the birthday of the Waterfi Waterproofed ipod which means Birthday Sale! August 16th only $15 of Shuffle's, $20 off Swim Systems
Morn D . I am still sick . Glad you are better . I am going to be submitting something to your site for critique soon
why is he changing his number?
"There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness." - Friedrich Nietzsche RT
Going 2 sleep now, gotta make dis early money tomorrow
Can I wear my frog suit?
Don't Anne someone's love or kindness for weakness because you know you can get away with stuff. Each time you do the way they think changes
good...been crazy busy shooting a swimsuit line...wish you were closer so we could rock it together. SOON I hope.
#shoutout wish he would #followback...i got a few #DUKIES already #following...is dat 2 much 2 ask
“: Look at Marc Anthony, scouring the audience for young virgin blood to drink #GRAMMYs”
haha will do. right after Harry..
": I've had such a great time at #SDCConf " Thank you for serving, thank you 4 mentoring us
Giving shout outs to ALL who retweet this! We got some new audio coming out and a new artist! :) Tomorrow be listenin in.
RT : RT : "If you don't want to date me-that's fine, I get that, but you're wrong and I hate you."
Seems like the # of PP goals this year, too!!Hawks
Gurls are scandulous and sneaky these days thats y I just keep a hundred and keep my feelings hidden so they mind can wonder
heeyy! So i just watched ur most recent vid! Ahaha loved it :) how are you?! <3
How was that year? What was the most surprising part of it?
hey everybody i havent been on #twitter for a while haha how are you :)?
love you too
Helping people be more resourceful in these challenging, yet exciting times is the key to these times. Check out my book, Panic to Profits.
Halo: Reach - the most frustration I've had from unnecessary deaths and sparse checkpointing since Red Dead Redemption
Leaving Boyle Heights. The Hood.
Recording your own songs is amazing. It's scary but liberating
Merry Christmas from all (both) of us at Fuzz Martin Media, and may you have a phenomenal 2012!
Excited to participate today in SV Regional Economic Forum to learn about how CA government can help innovation economy
It must be very easy to cut class at Bay View High School, as evidenced by all the students walking around the 'hood today.
#JustPromiseMe that you won't lie to me like everyone else 💚
2/2 start right here, right now. Pick something your passionate about and find an organization. Your voice is great but ACTION is better.
u too! Try and keep cool at the warped tour...the mosh pits will be pretty damn hot if there is any :)
Yesterday was fun.
hey yall, give a welcome to Lauren Alaina. shes joinin Luke Bryan and me on the My Kinda Party tour in jan.
park is looking good. What's the ETA?
haha it is funny..and most often true😏😜“: It's funny how #Aries females have more balls than men.”
my day is good already :}
Hang in there, Tim. Regret is something we tend to torture ourselves with. Be good to yourself.
Life aint about SMOKING WEED & FUCKING BItches !! GROW UP
y tha eff u not following me???? Make me get on dat ass lol..... What's good bro!!!!!!
Unknown: The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle.
Vote for your favorite Orlando Club at www.hgpof.com under club tabsee all the hottest gay places in Orlando on the site
I don't recall this
Home from #SanFrancisco. Had a great time and did a lot, considering the short time I had! Beautiful weather too....it was perfect! :)
Hey, me too!
If you don't like the ones there, vote them out. Oh yeah, to do that you have to vote. If you don't you have nothing to say.
Of course that will change when O finally has one opponent and the campaign really begins.
I'm sorry:(
W.e fine Me and Jiselle will make it viral
i have been (& currently am) poor. Point is that something as trivial as a tshirt becomes worth an effort when it's a need
Good times Pete. Best of luck with the business. See you next year.
How many blown offensive possessions is that? I thought I'd never say this, but just pass it to Neal. Enough hot potato
May the Horse be with you
Rocked hard on my exam!!!!!!! Yeah, buddie!
Ahh! Pretty pretty palomino. I am so happy for you!
Really wanna see the Illinois Best of Photojournalism gallery but none of the photos are loading. Any suggestions ?
are you angry at me?
I believe that does have less Twitter accounts than
As they should with that endowment. A drop in the bucket really.
Chen would rather have taken that one on the chin. #Orioles )-:
Should I put your photoshop on the front page of my eportfolio?
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 8PM | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Back at you, pal! I thought you made some great points! Is there a particular weekday that's easier for getting together?
hey enjoyed the workshops on #WordPress and #Git today. Can you dm me your email?
LOL! That's fancy ;-)
Deuces, Beebe. It's been real. ✌
Saw "The Brothers Bloom" yesterday. I'd recommend it. Pretty fun characters, in a Wes Anderson kind of way.
Tonight at Honey Moon Tasting Room, The Spencetet, 8:30pm. No cover.
I expect my last words to be "Hey, what does this button do?"
It's become background noise that we filter out, IMO. Some people are very loyal to #FF, but I think it's pretty irrelevant.
You have to send me some.
but frfr I did tell you I was going to prom
Doughty thought Doan had stolen his Diet Coke, you guys. Perfectly justifiable.
Just LOVE planning my outfits by the age of kid I'll see. I must wear pants tomorrow bc a 5 yo will make me play that battle blade game.
haha, say hello to the wifey as she drives the car!
gearing up for the summer ...
yes I will! Hbu
any day works for me! What day works for you?
Thanks for letting us know!
Donna! I've missed you! :)
New stop !! Tomorrow at Kokomo high School at 1:15!!!
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest. ~J.G. Holland
In an extremely awkward situation
to #CUT #senior #citizens & #disabled #SocialSecurity & #Medicare but NOT RAISE TAXES on #Wealthy! #GOP the #FamilyValues party! As if!
Gym Flow...
WE ARE NOT WORTHY OF HER PRESENCE TAKING OVER OUR TVS EVERY WEEK DIS FALL!!!!
you read my mind though!!!!!!
Wow, that was a fast reply! U got it! SO many ppl haven't heard that one before.
cleaning day part 2!
According to CoStar's employment outlook - US will be back to employment levels from pre-recession in 2 MORE years
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers whom I have leaned on already and to the ones I will lean on in the years coming. Enjoy your day!
No, fuck that. I need cuddling.
I love your tweets:) they make my day better. Grazie
TGIF - but mine kind of started last night ... I'm officially on vacation. Spending the next few days in Charleston SC
Going to lunch and need a break.
Kill Devil Hill @ the Mad Hatter tomorrow! Doors open @ 5:30pm, bands start @ 6pm. Kissing Daylight hits the stage @ 7:55pm.
If only Gregory would invite women, not McCain yet again, to discuss.
#ThingsIWantTheMost a billion dollars. With that I can buy all the ish I'm too lazy to write out here! Lol
just as importantly... did you like The Fray...?
One more week (:
Pretzels and cream cheese <3
Feeling old?
Reports from that Patapsco Flea Market has been raided by Feds seizing items believed to be counterfeit, pirated, & unlicensed
Why thank you, Donna.
& change the bus'es oil while you're under there!": RT : Disappointed in 's comments. As a mother
PHAME is proud to announce we're featured on the mainstage at Mississippi Street Fair coming up Saturday July 14th - join us!
No I don't wanna start anything
first things I checked...
Love the post on sunnies! I have a prob w/ stashes of them everywhere-may have to get a pair of colored RayBans!
Wow "must be married or engaged to enjoy this offer." Smooth, Hilton Head
Giving your anger the instrument of words and actions is like giving a child a pile of straw and a box of matches. ~ the Dalai Lama
REMEMBER: ALWAYS STAY POSITIVE DON'T BREAK UNDER PRESSURE.....ITS HUMAN NATURE TO, BUT TRY TO RESIST YOU FEEL BETTER -NPNM -
I am so there for that! :)
interesting - you had me fooled all these years :)))
RT Obama, congratulations on being the 1st sitting President to support marriage equality. Feels like the future and not the past.
yea im down shoot me the info but that whole track rippin do u have artists spotlights on ur station
98% of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.
Body found off Eklutna Lake Road that of unidentified man, police say.
Tie. Too good to choose!
More Christmas lights set for town - Horncastle News More Christmas lights set for town Horncastle News Horncastle Town Council agreed la
The men women and children the have been killed have not died in vain.
you never text me to plan so don't go there!
With 42 out of 63 correct picks, I have won my basketball pool, but I would've rather have won $600 million dollars. Still . . . yay!
He got that something, that keeps me so off balance
RT Another myth, at least that I've found, that Americans are treated rudely abroad. Never been treated that way.
Nothing for the Badgers in the sixth. We go to the seventh inning at Goodman Diamond with Michigan leading UW 5-4.
Congrats to your mom and the proud daughter!
haha I can dig it, but I don't stay in the hood right now. Long story
"What attracts people most, it would appear, is other people.”- William H. Whyte
Free cultural arts performances starting at 1:00 at The Masonic Temple on 10th and U St.
in a perfect world i agree with you but i have a presentation for work tomorrow and sleep is needed but fuck it IPHONE GAMES
Happy birthday Jeff! Hope its a good one!
now you can take a course from harvard or mit for free...the world is changing and your content needs to keep track...peewaddy.com
worked out well . . . last player to declare early and get drafted from OSU was 1998 and Corey Benjamin to the Bulls.
see ya there!
Ballin without the crew today should be interesting
At least I was already planning on drinking anyway!
Too bad I never called a dumb ass bitch~
RT : My lightsaber is red, Obi-Wan's is blue, Mace Windu's is purple, because he's got more swag than you.
"Does my hair look good"
Yes! Because Kingdom living is more and bigger and better than we think. And I want it.
next Friday ;)
and loving it!
I'm so high I could eat a star ✨
Finding the truth. UnKnownTruths.com Publishing Company
one of my fav photographers such inspiration.
thanks for following(: xo
Thanks OKC Party Bus riders this weekend for choosing the #1 party bus in OKC for their special event making it another successful weekend!
4 hrs :::sigh::: why are the ppl that I would like to hang out with never close by :( lol
Now your just somebody that i used to know
WOW! #NBC continues to try to save the voice at #biggestloser expense. ONE HOUR FINALE? NOT even helping-voice still doesn't crack top10!
All of us would love to hear "Feelin Fine" by J. Crist on Shout out to for this one
Singing One Direction on the bus😃
RT : I definitely will stop by! My sis & I have been talking about coming up soon! I'll let u knw! /\ looking forward to it!
Today's the last day to get into the June mailing. Hurry, operators are standing by!
ready for a meeting when you are ... more to show, more to talk about
On tha road!!!
Thanks Ryan. I'll flip your info to my buddy. He's legit.
#Wyndham owners get released from your #timeshare #contract today!
Every1 follow and check out his new song: Take Flight ! #>legit
Nap was Refreshing :)
Once love is lost it cant be found..same for friendships and relationships
Love this guy! RT : Fake tan. Fake boobs. Fake nails. Fake hair. Tell us again how you want a real man. I'm so very interested.
If someone found a list of everything we googled we would be screwed:T
Contemplating a trip to SF on Memorial Day weekend. Thoughts and others?
Alta Strada has a nice thin pizza & you can't beat the $5 pizza from
Wishing you and yours a Joyous Kwanzaa!
#whataday and the week has only begun
Today I did a total of 24 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 2, Day 1, Level 1)
Live Music at Rocky Mountain Ceremonies | Wild Basin Lodge
"We cannot develop and print a memory." Henri Cartier-Bresson
Last day going to all of my classes!
~6MM kids die of hunger annually. That’s approx the pop. of metro areas like Atlanta, Boston, Washington, DC or Houston. JOIN THE FIGHT!
If every book had a playlist at the end of every chapter to go along with it, I would be doing a lot more reading.
So he told you he'd never leave you...He told that last chick
lol I won't
Thank you #volunteers! Our programs wouldn't be the same without you!
Today is #42 day!! If you don't know look it up!! Here's to you Jackie!!!
thanks Kayla! Hope all is well with you :)
Has really been inspired by a few dedicated fans... Pad and pen in hand I aim to show my thanx
RT Please explain why and retweet my sister all the time?
ur definitely welcome
wow a food truck sounds so delicious how much do they cost:) thanks for the follow and support check out
Had so much fun with you @ Mixology yesterday!! Will he email us the recipes? Oh, & happy Mother's Day! :)
Holy shit we got a 2 hour delay! Never thought this would happen again
couldnt agree more .. btw found out your fromm missouri.. very cool as am i originally.. keep makin great and helpful tweets ""
Congrats "I'll Have Another" & Mario Gutierrez Great race!
thank you
Make it happen! It'll be good to see you. Miss ya. RT : hopefully I'll see you
You're moving to Atlanta right?
I'm addicted all kitchen cookware, bakeware and appliances....next on the wishlist is a pressure cooker. Great way to make tamales fast!
You're too kind :-) Fortunately she likes fiction and I like non-fiction so we don't step on each other's toes
Congrats to Chris Edwards for finding the BLACKDIAMONDSKYE Signed Set List envelope!
completely owned and every word he said was true. Would love to defend him, but Dwayne's been phoning it in.
I told you it would be freezing there!! Haha
religion is overrated, I think if you believe in god then you should stick to your faith and nothing else.
Where is everyone watching the game tonight? #SF #happyhour :-)
fuck u ******* teacher i dont need home work
If sex with 3 people is a threesome and sex with 2 people is a twosome, now I understand why they call you handsome.
“: Thankyou -fingers crossing - it's all about Change. 🎬” Good luck Puta!!
I love love love my best friend !
Anonymous Goes After World Governments in Wake of Anti-SOPA Protests
wow, I would love to get a table at schwa but I have better odds at winning the Chicago mayoral race
Me too, I was wondering if anyone else felt the same way. If your goin to do it responsive, i'd prefer links going vertically
Thanks for the RT!
i just hit my head on the wall because of this pregnancy desk
welcome back to twitter!! It's an honor to have you as our QB1
Were ALL hanging out this summer. Summer before everything changes.
At #BofA2012, smart phones, social media, etc. is prohibited. Any audio, video, photos taken ... #BofA owns rights, can confiscate.
Leadership in today's world requires far more than a large stock of gunboats and a hard fist at the conference table
"You should quit. Quit traumatizing women with sexual intercourse. I should know, I'm a medical doctor. I own a mansion and a yacht."
I am thinking broad ripple or bubbaz on the south side next time..new faces different places :)
congrats! I knew one of these days you'd actually stick with it! Remember summer '06?
make her 17th birthday so memorable! This would make her life! Please! Please! Please! P.s. your amazing :)
Today is a Hulu day... I sense a lot of updates.
Looking forward to the #CrazyWeeks ahead
This morning, #Coldwell Banker #McLean pricing team is previewing some beautiful listings we have coming up soon!
All I want for you Christmas is you...
#transverse A little dinner at B Bar and now dessert cocktails at Dorian Gray. Thanks to great friends for celebrating translitmag's bday!
No joke. First time here!
now your speaking my language lol
<3 what people write 4 their Twitter profile. Found a new FAV from "Don't worry, everything's going to be okay. I'm a librarian."
Ann Romney's dress looks like blood splatter
I love you and your #spinster ways.
NOW I choose to do my Spanish project haha
re So Shore to Grant Pk: EASILY the best. Has that "up nort" feel right here in the city+GREAT views of Lk Mich. Runner up Beerline
we're totes tweeting during tahoe, right?
Victoria Stodden & I outlined paper today: Trust but Verify. How to combine scientific and archival notions of trust and reproducibility?
...with a twist of '86.
This year has been quite a handful with all the ups and downs, but there is a plan and purpose to everything.
Yes YES YES 😃
: Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature is now on Twitter!
NBA is 75% black does the Jeremy Linsanity of the Knicks phenom say people want to see another race succeed in the NBA breaking stereotypes
going at their heads like hair in a comb.
eh money can be made at anytime.
Watching Happy Birthday to Me for the first time - I'm hoping I can get over how much I disliked the first kill.
dude dude dude... I JUST SAW A BLACK GTR. =D . THAT MAKES 7 GTRS. ITS A SIGN BRO...
I laugh too!! Cause it tingles too!
What is your worst personality characteristic?
so jealous
how full are the servers cause i cant login i get error 37
Jonah should bring back his famous haircut back from couple weeks ago
yeah I'm going to bama!!
Red shirt freshman corvin lamb with nasty 15 yard run left the corner holding. His jock
If that's what Twitter elites are like, I'm okay being a Twitter delete.
Pilates this morning. What are you doing today to feel great?
I still have the Loretta Lynn Jack White album on my rotation. He is always so solid.
Sleeping is giving in, no matter what the time is
was listening to the Packer game. Jim Irwin sounds a bit different, but Max McGee is his usual self.
Looking for running club near Brighton Beach / Sheepshead Bay area
Not cool , not cool.
..either that or is in a movie filming up here!
I don't remember the last time i have laughed this hard.
[If you don't have Tina Fey/ tickets, catch her on NPR tomorrow!] RT : Tomorrow: actress and writer Tina Fey
My name is Hubert Davis and for my bracket I pick all of the higher seeded teams to win.
If you love something set it free, and it comes back it's meant to be, if you let it go, and it doesn't show, keep on moving down the road<3
End of the MONTH flippin rocks....SO many hitting their ranks and crossing their finish lines...who else? who else? who else??
cats vs ponies?
miss you pretty girl!
RT : 'Cunt' is a new feminist zine from Australia - it includes a pictorial comment on female nose-picking plus much more:...
Can I just say I am so tired of Marques Johnson as announcer?
Finished workshoping with Executive Produce Ryan Lewis, and booked work on Pretend Wife Monday!
You can never make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
he stabbed himself
I think I may need a haircut.
I think what the Yanks need is a good bench clearing brawl. A real knock down drag out brawl !!!!
TONIGHT: Boulder 19th Ward - The Badgemen - 7 PM Free
Thank god for you and the paramedics. 😘
The suns out & we are ready for you with hot & Iced Drinks. Check out our brand new shipment of Slap Watches & Quotable Cards & Gifts!
Matt Damon
kids these days
#IfWeAreInARelationship , You Better Stay Faithful.
You can say you've only hit one less HR than Pujols this year. Unless you're Adam Dunn, then you've hit nine times as many.
thank you:)
how sweet :) haha we do need to hang tho. Last time was a disgrace and a bummer lol
while eating a starving homeless person's pretzel knots, no doubt.
My San Antonio Spurs boycott has lasted for over a year now. Now, NHL action before Lob City plays on TNT.
Exotic Animals To Be Returned To Owner&#39;s Widow
me too! Hope I can join. :] well goodnight Ariana! Sweet dreams love you so much :*
Lets go Dale Jr
Thanks so much! It will be fun tomorrow. Actually, I want to show you and Mom. Mom would describe it as "Jazzbo"
Alice Veterinarian Launches New Animal Hospital Website - MarketWatch (press release)
lol. I believe u. Ima be on it once again 2maro
slow start..
Let's go ! L.A. all the way <3
I've been good.. been working.. tryna get outta town.
Sweet potatoes: They are like vegetable candy.
I agree. I wish KY produced more elite talent. UK fans live vicariously through Kentucky kids playing here.
Hahahaha well if you know me for anything its being conceited hahaha
there's one in almost every big town lol! :) they're all over america
do you remember which ones you liked?
Me, yes. probably not. Doubt there will be much shop talk. Mostly trivia, eats & drinks.
yess I know lol and TCC almost done getting my business associates :)
Just kidding....
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
We don't wanna be together but we hate seeing each other flirt with different people
I'm pretty sure I walk into walls all the time never on purpose but because I don't pay attention to where I'm walking. xD
Hope it is going to be a good one
I feel so sorry for the Trayvon Martin family. Everyone is talking about it. Even in the grocery store. Zimmerman must be arrested.
By all means. I will bring it to the next event.
Damn...HUGE flop. That is why I hate flopping.
Holiday sweaters are very popular in OKC, especially at Panera Bread.
How R you lookin today Ladies?! We have specials! #Salon & Full #Barber Home of the $75 #weave #braids Full Grooming Shoe shine 510 8321100
Very excited to meet my new marketing team at ALM today!
Im funny! My evening is great. I just had someone answer the phone "who the fuck is this?!" Me: "the bank."
And it's been awhile since i've been on so please refresh me with your name so i can remember you! I'm so sorry!
Good Morning! What is going on this week in your World of Financial Communications?
Waken' up with some orange juice & blarin'. What a great way to start the week.
Future Gains in Labor Must Come From Hiring - Bernanke
Everyone checkout YouTube/2originaltv
RT 3 more weeks of classes
“Every time I read our old conversations, I realize how close we used to be.”
we love you more.
RT Edmond,OK Infant Swimming Lessons will begin in Oak Tree on June 7th in the evenings. email for info
Went overboard on lunch, and going to have to up the workout somehow tonight.
Wanna Sing With Me Right Now? We Can Sing Say Somethin' ! :)
#HintTheSexIsWACK I'm imagining fucking someone else
RT : Where did other folks find the wine and how much $? Yokes $16.98
Got it, 10-4 LInda (MM)
Decisions, decisions
Hipster geologists like lava before it was cool (cooled into rock that is).
yeah I work at 6Am :)
But it's especially bad when those decisions are out of character. It feels forced.
My dad's pal named his dog Whiskey. We got a kick out of a rural Wisconsin farmer going outside at night yelling for WHISKEY
James Harden better start using that fear the bear correctly to make Metta World Peace his bitch tonight
Had a goal to procrastinate this month but never got around to it. Oh well, maybe next month.
#HighBloodPressure Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat Them Enough Survey : Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat T
The cluster feature in #googlerefine just made quick work of some sloppy data entry
And likewise to you! Have a good one!
I am not a Funkateer.
Fight (and Terrorism) Club
looking forward to meeting you on Friday.
sounds like an experiment that could be plan for next freak fest
I'm singing follow me everything is all right.
Some girls think its cute to pretend they're stupid. Just stop.
most people have never looked for something like that, then how many of those companies have offices based out of Vegas or DC...
On this Saturday, I ask you to tell the world = who #GodIs and what is He to you?
I'm waking up to #MADONNA's new album, my 1st listening through, my spirit is awakening like BOOOOOYYYAAAA!!!
do you have an official facebook? im so confused! haha xx
please follow she is you biggest fan!88
I like Ron Paul's integrity & abhor his policies. He puts the lie to Rs who say they want small gov. If it were true he'd be their nominee.
unless I get insanely bored prob won't watch. No one like you , , , on to root for!
Nice to meet you and the family!! Let us know when we can get together and do this again!!
how the fuck did we give that one away
I need some inspirational books to download on my kindle....
they could call it "Sir(i) Isaac Newton"! perfect product from "Apple"
Guess so. heh. I've just signed up for OS X in history is gone i should check out?
yeah sure :)
If you're gonna date a girl and then make her feel like a worthless piece of shit, you don't deserve her.
Mike Sager wearing reasonably sane suit tonight. SOMEBODY MUST HAVE GOTTEN TO HIM
i said professor-fave, not freshman-girl-fave
#ThankYouMom... for everything! Love you!! <3
what kinda music you listen to?
mass effect time
Shit I overslept... -_- last school day I can miss of the year so I might as well live it up though right?
NEXT game is April 6th vs Iowa. Who's going
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to working with you. How did you hear about us?
The new lime cucumber flavor of is the best flavor they've ever made. #2 is orange. I'm sure everyone agrees.... ;)
Elegy for Young Lovers was incred! Jarrett Ott, Sarah Shafer, J'nai Bridges & Alize Rozsnyai were off the hook. See it Sun!
Smith: most academics (87%) at funded thru state support and tuition.
Glad to hear the captures went well. Keep up your tweets and keep us posted on how things are going!
Just passed my 3 year old Twitter birthday... Avg. 0.23 tweets per day. I think that is totally reasonable. ;)
Tomorrow as long as people arent celebrating bdays we shall do cupcakes & see Cabin after I get off work. Sound good?
woah! im doing the same.. While eating Mexican!
Spread the word! There are only 7 days left to join the Y and pay no join fee. Get into the Y today and join the movement!
Thanks Nikki. You made my day special. :)
