I always fall for your type :/
I did really good with my poetry thing.(:
coolin wit son son
well let me know if there 70% off :) it was nice chatting with you :)
Happy Easter!
There's stuff banging against my living room windows, and it scaring my cat..he keeps trying to cuddle with me. Lol.
this ending is isnt working....REWRITE!!!!
Driving to Downers Grove. ETA 2:15 AM using - Social GPS.
I really really tried not to miss classes this semester. #not. Sleep > philosophy
in the show. You don't think it'd be a little awesome? Lol :) I don't want to be the only one to think so
Been on the phone for an hour talking about nothing, woof
#GoodThingsInTheWorld an opportunity to wake up again & say thanks
Time passes and you end up getting all this stuff you don't care about. You're always relevant in my world, woj.
That's a bullshit offensive foul...
That's a lot of walking! "Lol J/k
Awesome! Thanks for telling me!
Austin Powers 4?! I am afraid to get excited. , you best not be toying with my emotions.
You sir are a Disney prince.
Thanks man, it's mutual. RT : i miss you guys!!!!
get us a Dub tonight. One mo dunk one mo 'gin
Yeah!! Lets see it
Post more video's of you and vinny,, haha you guys are the highlight of my day(:
Faith helps us see and do things differently because our substance is being transformed.
yep, I don't think that will be in the kids course though
#Clippers use a 40-12 run to come from 27 down and take late lead over
Peace, love, happiness
Thanks for chatting with us tonight at BDW. Really enjoyed hearing about your UX adventures at AKQA.
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Psalm 46:1
Finally getting into Fringe. What took me so long?
will meet w Pres Obama this Thurs Have u faced empl discrimination? Email yr LGBT discrim story to
Google+ did something good as Facebook now has posting privacy settings.
that joint hot as fuck!!!Let's get on something
If Happy Ever Afters did exsist i wish to be holding you like this,All those fairy tales are full of it,one more stupid love song I'llbesick
Thanks for the inclusion. :)
I'm good for one lol a year.
a gift haah what u doing
#20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi 7.her voice 8. Her music 9. Her journey 10. She doesn't care what people think 11. Down to earth
Thanks to Kerry for calling in and sharing some great ideas. You can be next: 317-736-0950
love you too armi <3 you better visit me at tech next year!! me and
We have a winner! Those who RT'd check your DM! We'll announce as soon as we hear back from our winner! another GIVEAWAY @ 1000 followers!!
they're fesity and we help you get it for free ;)
Bruce Bammer … RT : You smoking #Reggie stop lying
Dr. Brenda Griffin introducing Dr. Patty Olson at #SNIPSummit to discuss her decades of work as a spay/neuter professional & advocate.
I know <3
They, like companies in other industries embracing social software and principles, are beating the crap out of the later adopters
A-friggin-men. RT : Give the Grammy. She could song-write circles around Taylor Swift.
Thanks for that Who-Pig-Sooie-Razorbacks at the top of the show. Go HOGS!
2 Chronicles 15:12 They entered into a covenant to seek the LORD, the God of their ancestors, with all their heart and soul.
Thanks Ally! Are you starting grad school in the fall?
AsAmSt is altern academy w/in the Academy. Mutual recognition legitimated. AsAm most resistant to narrow nationalism
Not sayin #Bulls deserve to get calls over another team, but to have #NBA's best team consistently getting hosed is a cruel joke.
#ReasonsWeLoveLouis he's hilarious, he loves carrots and has a pigeon named Kevin :)
whats your email ??
I Love Her!;) she's Fantastic yo
yo tits. bitch
OMGOOOOOSSSHHHH! Dude is here in NY today!
doctor who?
Hey thanks for the follow! Looking forward to tweetversations!
I would start crying if mentioned me in #MentionYourCrush. I would never have to date I will be like "I'm with Justin Bieber".
To the studio i go!! Work never sleeps....brewcitygrindallday
Real Ninjas Wazzup?
Just wanna point out the ovi is in round 2 and crosby is diddling some child somewhere
Getting tired of other training sites deleting comments about TPE in their forums. If your product is good, why be sneaky?
Look fwd to meeting you! RT : Excited about the panels I'll participate in this year.
Who the f bomb is kony
Seeing Edgardo Cambon and Candela at Yoshis tonight. HIs group Candela (20 years old!) will be playing at the SJ Jazz Fest in August!
MT : Getting "human" with the world of work with the #TChat crew - NOW! Join action ...
I sure did have a great time , :) .
eww your puppy is uglier than your cat hahahahahahahaha JK
love your avatar picture.. That your dog? Very cute
Who's coming to the DC Winter Mixer at ? Mingle with awesome #startups like
you've been on twitter for that long?
did you find an apartment? If you need help let us know! We can help!
Change your profile pic to create a huge memorial on Twitter for the 30 who died in Afghanistan chopper crash on 8/6 bit.ly/R30WP
Productivity Commission warning over disaster relief | The Small ...
nick Mara or madison Alamia witch ever one is following u that u can DM
That sleep was wonderful
Tomorrow, we head up to #Clarion for #ALF , heard it's supposed to be jumpin' up there...we shall see. Thu & Fri. house party
unfortunately we need to see more positive action and less talk!!!
Can i call u amber?Lol its easier!Hehe i have three nicknames.(Anabella,Bella and Bell)Lol simple:]
God. I hate people.
Huge news coming later today! Can you guess what it is?
Not yet, still working on bringing on the two Wests.
Trivia answer: “Glee” didn’t use an original Rick James song. They used MC Hammer’s “U Can’t Touch This,” which samples “Super Freak.”
i know, right? after a few seconds i realized what was happening and faded myself out...
Smh we had these niggas beat.
straightening my hair, why's?
Dirty Grout? Marble Doctors can help. Stained marble counter top? We can help with that too.
His parents told him to either focus on college or find a shop and move out of our garage.
and there was an alligator and a walrus and three men died with an axe and hatchet to the face
Mrs. PaddyMcATL says she is up for making some Cuban food we should figure out a game so I can get tickets
tell to send me the good shit!!!
Truth. You'd think the Preds were basement-dwelling has-beens coached by D-league rejects. I'm PROUD of how they're hustling.
and are obsessed with hairy styles. they make a twitter account to catch base on his stuff :DD
Everyone could use a push in the right direction
Congrats to WKU for punching their ticket. That makes 4 teams from the state of Kentucky in the tournament.
In the halftime montage about the rivalry... "A&M leads the nation in inferiority complex." I couldn't have said it better myself.
On to bigger things
Is it wrong that I am enjoying being a mother?? Baby Emma is just too cute!!
"To believe a tweet is to believe in the future of the U.S.A." - Abraham Lincoln
I guess this is part of "feeling" the music.
First Leftfielders practice of the year. Looking good and ready to take the Think Tank league by storm.
My flight 2227 to Charlotte delayed b/c of mechanical problems. Will miss connection to Boston.
Just saw Jesus on La Cienega! See amazing things happen everyday in LA!!!
#couchpotato? Son you whack, my life doesnt revolve around working out, I only need to go 3x a week. #190 lb and dropping.....
I'll be at the football games more often so it'll be like I go there!
Faith had tweeted bout 4 diff dudes on who her sis want her to talk to
:-) okay ima do it nd ill post a pic
Thats How I Do It
r u a virgo?
great RT : “We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare...
Every time you show up it starts a chain reaction.
I want to be.
you'd always be welcome! :-)
hah just never got into it. When i was younger and now.
we've been to 6 flags 3 times in a week, we're obsessed ;o
It's probably not a good idea to lay out by the pool all day when you just ran out of sunscreen
Fitting end the refs move on to face Kentucky
Real Men Like Fashion.: $ A Look for Less $
text me
Breaking Point starts on May 31 I have a feeling its going to be r new favorite show! Of course its on the CW
Bieber keep it up bro nice album !!!
- restaurant seen at the beach last weekend "Saketumi"
I love sleeping, but I hate going to bed
4 MORE FOLLOWERS THEN I'LL HAVE 300! :D
NEED FOLLOWERS? Follow Wicked Carnival today!! 100% TEAM FOLLOW BACK! Tell your friends!
Pillsbury bake-them-yourself cinnamon rolls. They're what's for breakfast. And they make the apartment smell wonderful, too.
Lost my music nerd cred in a desperate scramble to make a joke. Sad. I'll buy a car from the first comp to use Bad Brains tho.
whoa 10? really I was thinking that was a stretch
looks like someone is getting their tires slit
Crazy bird in the middle of a 4 way.
A starbucks with seat hoggers, I need to get work done! I'll just sip on this hot caramel macchiato and stare into the unknown instead.
During #thathighmoment I swear I saw Jesus!!! LMAO
today was good got stuff from kop
of course, that too makes it the worst day ever! LOL
Hey Guys,Thanks for the great tweet. When are your day trips? Dave and our Sean would like to join you on one of them
Chickadee Boutique has closed for the season, so I'm picking up my millefiori today.
I just PR'd in my mile run ! Went from 6:14 to 5:52 ! LIKE A BAWWSSS !(:
it is being announced tomorrow
Have an incredible NYE! Be safe & party hard. Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
This best describes the last week of my life. Out walking the pups...beautiful day...in a good mood...and a bird craps on me. Ugh.
Boy: Send me a sexy picture! Me: Okay, hold on.. *sending* Boy: Wtf?! This is Austin Mahone. Me: EXACTLY ;)
thank u 4 following
Living my life in moments. Making the best of every one I get.
Greetings, Collaborate or Perishers! Please follow , co-auth of Collaborate or Perish! We'll be tweeting from there & welcome you!
wat it do make that music
yeah this is my favorite picture ever :)
Mr. Limbaugh, use your power for good... (what goes around comes around)
You showed a lot of respect for Cotto, you could have went for the knock out in the final round. Very Classy.
Don't forget to come out tomorrow to Tomcats West in Fort Worth! It's gonna be a day of awesomeness!
Love is infallible; it has no errors, for all errors are the want of love. -William Law
Don't hand me shit then except me to give you gold cause you can go to
yea bro i got some new beats I'm bout to upload this weekend and bet dat
We're gonna get attacked by these geese
You haven't posted a picture on INSTAGRAM yet...you should post one(:
I love the old madonna, all-the-way-Mae
I wonder if Meryl Streep can take some fashion tips from Jane Lynch. Step 1: try.
Actually doing the conference is going to be really really really really hard. Really.
Proud of my roadpuppies and for killing it & killing it cleanly in Cripple Creek, CO tonight.
my hometown & childhood library. :) Excellent!
On the floor now: Rolley
You going to cry in a corner about it? Will that help(:We can trend whatever we want!.
Twitter Jail.
finally going to go see project x tonight
I'm in stilly! You should call me!
agreed. The system is silly
I think the Red Bulls 2011 MLS All-Star Pub Crawl is today too bad its 100+ out there today
#ACM - Keith Urban sounds great! I hadn't heard him sing since before his throat surgery.
They DEFINITELY do not like food!
I couldn't agree more with this ;-) -----> RT : I gotta say... Today was good.
really?? u no i do not know how to ust this thing lol
If anything Eric is the Joker. Robin isn't real so we're good there
Literally rolling on the floor laughing with Loons. 
where you at?
You totally should. :)
Awww man he died of cancer 😰😖😓
I totally wasn't doing Andy Pettitte roll call at home...
Just came across a 19th c. missionary spelling Brahma "Brakma." That's a new one for me.
Hi Kate! Glad to see ya on Kupoz!
Woke up with Amy Winehouse hair. It's gonna be a great day.
So was Gilligan's Island - I did a sermon series on that
RT : I need to stop eating just for the sake of eating..I'm not in season anymore
Jay Beagle is "day-to-day" and his status for Game 7 or traveling to Game 7 are uncertain at this time, according to Dale Hunter.
I was there in the afternoon yesterday. About to leave SLU... You want a visit?
Best refs in the country and they miss the call. Must be weathermen.
& can I just say once more the #sharp11 poster sesh was awesome! Way more interesting/helpful than presentations
Oh geez, wifey. Can't you want sandals from F21 or something?
I am allowed on one of those. But it kinda feels like letting the lion lick the steak between the bars ; )
um..im selenas fan y should we shut up i confused!!!
I think both things you say are right. And I think there's also a long-term relationship between platforms and users . . .
May not be popular to say but 1 game for Holloway is a joke and gutless. He was main reason for fight, deserves way more.
That's cold blooded, true, but cold blooded. #rickjames " Congratulations, New York. Now you get to lose the series in Game 5. "
I was not going to a diet but my mom decided to buy food for once so I might as well eat it all now.
Nice travel mug.
Dont listen to the world, they say we're never gonna make it. -
I BEEN OFF THAT DREAM CHASER MIXTAPE EVERYDAY I GOTTA DO A SONG WITH HIM &
silver sable, animus, critter, and batwoman are looking great for PCC
Were playing tonight at escape ally in downtown Memphis i hope to see you there!
ROI strategy session underway at #tcbsm4hr: be social, mobile, global,(SoMoGlo?) & keep the context as important as content. ROI a conundrum
So that's what I'll do
Got a 96 on my speech I wrote last night.
we may finally meet in person! I'm headed to the event tonight too. See you there...
Colleague told me today that students said I am Willy Wonka and that is a good thing.
I wish you'd text me back instead me having to text you twice. :'(
: omg- we are so excited! Freaking out a tad (amanda) lol!!!! Thx!
tell you uncle Mike the lions are gonna win haha
... Were all there. We finished at Alterra at the Lake with a great coffee time. Cool time !
Thanks! Funny I just looked at your profile and see your love of Backstreet Boys. Someone was just talking about them earlier here
Met A. Prunty who brought me up to date as to Dream People and RDS. Still very grateful for that review of yours (23). Thanks!
Good morning! It's raining and drizzling outside! :)
My phone keeps crashing... Sorry, I'd just got it back up and then it crashed as I sent a text to you.
#WeirdFactAboutMe I always give out big money tips for nice waiters/ waitress
Figaro in Barber of Seville needed. Ours must leave as his stepdad has stage 4 lung cancer and is now in the hospital
Drums beening tracked...faces beening melted...Day #2 at Starlight Studios
bed finally!
Tia's birthday is later this month, I'm going to buy her a weeklychris shirt♥ -izzy
Wish I could catch destroy this weekend. But alas, school restricts me from all fun.
Listening to so much excelent music lately...
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !
Had an awesome time at the wedding. So glad I got to go with Josh!
are they random within their individual ranges, and with what kind of distribution (flat, normal, something else?)
Just dropped some knowledge (in Bahasa) on a student who thinks she learnt a lot about Indonesia from reading Wikipedia's Krakatoa article.
Google AdWords Experts Reveal Hottest Online Marketing Tool for 2012
you need to slow down your killin it!
S/O Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets. Have a great week.
Aren't you a good daughter lol
I wholeheartedly concur. Gross.
Phone losing Service
It was weird. Like, I don't remember anything while I was hypnotized.
your parents sound very cool
and when you make that dessert, you're sharing-- right?!
hell fucking yes
Smh why do i always get caught lol
I got one for you
he actually is
welcome to my world....
I legit never use this twitter....
#YouKnowItsRealWhen Ya Ain't Even together but she still wanna be in your life! it Just Aint Possible Th0
Love walk offs. Fun games so far I hope tomorrow is this good!
we spoke Monday. Have you gotten an update yet? Thanks
Thank You!
what do you think of the Texas couple who wouldn't give up the baseball, thinking they deserve an apology?
Interesting. Being more selective, except not really at all.
good for you Go Diddy!!!
thanks guys ;o) many blessings..
Bigg Dummy. -Sanford voice
how'd you do? RE: orange wine
Enjoying a visit to Philadelphia, although neither the weather nor the weather forecasters can make up their minds!
Damn str8 RT : I think you have a crush on Katy Perry :)
I used to have the biggest crush on Eric from Boy Meets World
I'm called to #BreakTheGrey. Nobody will stop my calling!
The sun is shining in Seattle! Spring is almost here!
But Coraline loves you!!!
Our Gallery Committee will be jurying for the upcoming 'Light' themed exhibition this morning! Very exciting!
All 5th graders at Lincoln St Elementary are going to OMSI. Thanks for your support of local kids.
dude that book is straight porn! My coworker is reading it and got freaked out by it
sigh... Yes, I have missed that and definitely plan to get back to it soon. Who knows but this season may inspire something?
Thanks for the shout out for our Spring Showcase #SDAFFSPRING ur support means so much!
Looking forward to it RT : Tune into tonight to watch Pres. Obama slow jam the news on student loan interest rates
Thanx hun.... howve u been??? I heard u were here not too long ago
cause he blows. Its MARIO WILLIAMS. How do you not give it to him. Kelsey must be racist
That awkward moment when a dumb studio engineer uses logic.
driving a truck
So glad my sister and her bf are here for Christmas (: were all sleeping in my room ! Yay (:
- Came out great!
yo 4plex brother said he tryna come to lol people are coming around :)
you play in a dome sean peyton. take off your visor... kenny chesney looking bastard
if you haven't heard of , check out his music on YouTube - Baeza559 for REAL music !!
Wanna get out for a while lls
i feel like i should live in LA.
aha yeah :)
as a volunteer member of your board, I second the motion ;) Succulents are amazing
LAUGHIN AT ALL THE VIDEOS ON MY PHONE FROM THE PAST COUPLE DAYS AT THE BEACH LMAO
Had a dream that I was at a thrift store and a brass and teak lamp rolled over to me like a droid. This is the droid I’m looking for!
RT if you want see your fans in Bulgaria, haha :D :)
All I have to say is that if it's the Clippers ad Heat in the Finals, they better bring extra mops.
Soccer game. So damn tired though.
I ate more than 3.14 pieces of pie on pi day.
And be sure to follow my nigga James
Me too!
It's really only a matter of time before and I are billionaires. Good idea's always cooking
‎$3.99 cheese pizzas (and only $0.99 for each additional topping) from ! great way to start off the semester!
has been eating cheese like a maniac. I just can't get enough. What does this mean?
definitely...good arguemnts all around, good callers, not all smart, but good, haha...lets do it again soon...
My hopes are so high...
congratulations to you and on your upcoming child and hopefully he or she would be part of the baseball family
I'll be there - with scarf. So save me a seat & a burger :-)
even all the white writers see the racism here.
the circus is in town
Great way to recover and be ready for the next day
Better than the whole table exploding with other things.
Congrats man! Come to summit on June 2nd if you're free :)
Hello, why do you always ignore me? I am your fan and I admire your work, please follow me? Love u ♥..
Come out to tomorrow to get a look at a DW12 IndyCar like the ones running on Belle Isle June 3rd!
Do something amazing today!
#Summer2012 is gonna be awesome!
How strangely silent Hollywood is on the situation in the Gulf! I'm not suprised sellouts are usually afraid to bite the hand the feeds the
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
Great night for the Buckeyes and the B1G. I guess the Blue Devils and the ACC have a lot to ponder...
Whether you want it or not, because you said you are unhappy I am praying for you. Even if at this moment you are happy.
"I still think about word counts the way a general must think about casualties" - Nam Le, The Boat
Where is my ? It's Mother's Day & I've work to do.
Hey I have this idea for the 7th inning stretch. Who would be best to talk to? You guys or ? Thanks!
RT Good Morning! You are one with the creator of all things. Which is why it's so hard to shop for your birthday. bob Tzu
Congrats RT I will be coming on board as Practitioner Editor w/ Journal of Financial Planning!
Man City 1, Man U 0. A great day for little brothers everywhere, or at least those with billionaire benefactors.
If you don't think you're attractive, don't expect me to.
Definitely.....we have to link up
see I couldn't handle a black girl.. Argue to damn much. Lolol
big al would like that but word is that Den isn't high on him
Heat in 6 vs Chicago
I love how if I'm not having a good day i can just take my camera and discover something new its an amazing feeling to get the perfect shot
I'm gonna lay back down & rest for an hour.
The needs to wake up
Of course I don't have a favorite child! Why would you ask me that!? You know that I resent both of them equally!
shit that's awkward. I hope he doesn't come.. 's fault
Oh boy love the smell of cheesy potatoes in the morning
We'll be joining and on Tuesday, December 13th at 8pm. Tune in and join us!
Just start work am already boring God!
"PA is the literary equivalent of Altoids unassuming & cute on the outside while what’s inside is intense enough to make your eyes cross."
Hey MTnhCf! It's Friday! Party on WIzMu0
Miss you girls SO MUCH during Halloween! our time to galavant!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen You didn't realize that the last episode of WOWP is on, and you're wondering why everyones saying your last name..
your support means the world to us. We really poured our hearts into the music. Spread it around.
“Every step you’ve chosen has served to create or destroy a possible future—an alternate timeline." ~the Professor (Subjected: Eye of God)
Rashad is gonna need to get in close and knock him out. Pretty sure this fight is fixed if it get's close. Niki deal for jones if he winds
Play: exercising the imagination with constraints which lead the result in a unique direction
Happy Mother's Day to you too...enjoy your day!
good stuff!
enjoy every single moment as they grow up too fast, start driving, graduate and prepare to get married!
you're welcome babe
surround yourself with MONEY!!!
Hi Andre this is Kitty Hawk on EA, I can match or more investments up to 1000 EAvs
#sacscoc WCET is developing the PAR framework (predictive analytics reporting) to assess online learning, not focusing on tech.
FF! Thanks for following us, guys!
red meat and gin sounds good too
Draw ALL the memes!
Carrot souffle in place of mashed potatoes :)
I love listening to reggaeton.
Cats are really good at jumping on your bed and standing on your groin.
Seeking a Records and Library Analyst in #Boston! 5 years of records experience is required in addition to an undergraduate degree. Conta…
happy Moms
Remembered the wise words of and now knows exactly what he should do:)
how do i put this lightly, im a huge hit w the mailroom guy, and in general homeless men and cab drivers luv me. i just dont know who 2 pick
CLAW returns. You better cross yo' t's, Punctuator. -- Stiletto
kid ? Lol last time I checked I'm older than yu :P
Not everyone needs a data repository, but gains the university a lot of status right now... dpn
Old people love
“: that was the longest argument ever #RHONJ” would you like to try something!? Lol
Happy 16th Birthday you're a inspiration & I hope you have a great day!!! (My 16 BDay was on March 29 so I'm 6 days older:)
Local celeb sighting: Old Rasta w/ the ankle-length, graying dreadlocks who drives the Urban Safari tour bus. Driving the bus. Clocked in.
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll have this checked into for you
Beyondthescoreboard.net I agree with him but your will not be excused if they don't beat the and that goes for them as well
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
Control your destiny or somebody else will. -Jack Welch
Am wanna go to DC now :(
where there's a will, there's a way my pretties
That sounds really nice! I wish I was in CO right now!
In the studio goin real retro on this track
Call CVs office to tour services in video and website production, graphic design, stategic & media buying & planning, and social media.
Ridley was at Stratford HS as a freshmen. Ridley was not at Bush all years.
I'm going to be in New York next week! I'm gonna try to see your show because I love and miss your face. :)
Prove it then lol.
best quote from the premiere: "I haven't been this pissed since I had cancer."
And what's skittles have to do with monopoly! This is absurdity
i think it came out when i was like 5... & im 17 in july ahaha! im gonna have this song in my head now...:')
Soo happy I finally got to see my girlfriend again last night 😘
i second that.
So happy!
Learning lots at #ASCD12?
Thanks...will do :)
Wait, which one is "culture"? RT : The Scream: $120 million Instagram: $1 Billion Understanding the value of culture: Priceless
CHECK MY FRENCH.
Still doin HOMEWORK ! -,-
Lool ! RT : o_0 for that ...wat sef...is it not soccer we are betting over?
$SDVI took off at the open, check it out
Moriarty poisoned her dude, shes dead. It was pretty clear. He killed her because she crossed him and was too close to Holmes.
what's the 90 day rule??
All this going out has rendered me completely broke, just checked my bank account, ouch.
will you have super saver fares offered soon? I'm back next week & need to fly again... :)
yeah....I never went to sleep...so I'm on autopilot? I should change my major to space cadet
Excited for the Consider the Source show tonight at Your Inner Vagabond! WE!
I cant tell if the Heat playin serious or not
I just "retweeted" this. Please hear a loud "amen" from this pastor's wife! Blessings to you.
Same here...
it's funny because it's true RT : ROBO-LOBO!
Happy Founders Day to our brothers of // On May 1, 1848, The #ImmortalSix came together to officially meet as
Good Morning!! Blessings to all
We’re looking for an #intern! Send your name, contact info, availability & why you're a good fit (600 word max):
Very much!
Game day tonight
glad you enjoyed the interview Julie!
New pics up @ our facebook check it out!
👔 tux tomorrow
Hey , are you here for fun?
#18Days? Uhm i might possibly die before then.... :) i might die of excitement
Listening to talk about where twitter's going. I wanna be able to buy/1-click/Amazon in the stream. Let's make it happen, Josh
Mixed some Blueberry Rooibos and Cinnamon Plum together. Absolutely awesome cup of tea.
#GoogleMaps expert wanted. Quick consult. Pretty please.
You should definitely come to Northstar whenever you can.. the service tonight really opened my eyes
Tell someone why you believe in them today. Don't over think it - in the words of #Nike - just do it.
No more finals!!!
_~++.| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
We can't wait to see you all this Saturday & we also can't wait to see which team takes home the leg!
see you around lunch!
I'm having a #Dilbert-esque moment.
Two mice just ran passed security and didn't go through the xray device. There is always a weakness is the system. Lol
Huge fan of my wife's taco soup. M.
I'm not a political person; but people bashing Obama is upsetting. We are HUMAN, our opinions change as we get further educated on subjects.
when Jose Valentin was starting, we used to joke, "hey, free ball night for the fans behind first base tonight, folks."
epic updates, go for crowd surf IMO!
He seems like such a good guy! Love seeing stuff like this!
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started”–Mark Twain
This is allergie get sick weather
What a wonder opportunity, loving it! Fabulous great news Pls RT. <follow
ready! I will take a #Reds win over the give away though.
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
HELP?! What color #Toms should I get as my first pair?!
Oh, great. There's a in Pete's office. Stay away from my snack drawer, fella.
DUDE WE GOTTA HANG OUT NEXT TIME I COME DOWN
As for OSUs bigger production numbers after Adams 5 games ... I think Herron returned that week also. I could be wrong.
doctor kazam has a ring to it though....
Did you know: Paw Naturals will price match any of our competitors
NMSU vs UNM. So far this year...Football-NMSU, Bball-Split, Baseball-NMSU...Women sports no one cares about! THE New Mexico State University
Bilateral book club/Skype sesh might be in order at the end of November!
Atty for David Westerfield, the death row inmate who murdered Danielle van Dam, files first appeal, 9 years after Westerfield's conviction.
*Fight happening at school all kids run and stand in chairs* Me:Gosh! Y'all r acting like one directions here!
#dayofhighered Retweeted a tweet about how #dayofhighered is slacktivism. (Then I wrote this tweet about that tweet.) Back to work.
u know some grape now n laters and some lemonheads makes a dumb sermon ignorable
gets some crazy swaz on that ball does Ron but he's got nowt on Valencia
Life is good! New outlook on 2012...
Congrats to the 2012 PA Int'l Queens:Mrs. PA Int'l - Kimberly McLendon,Miss PA Int'l - Kelsey Landy & Miss Teen PA Int'l - Julianne Biddle!
Thanks to MGM and Premium for hosting Team Thomas.
Darn. My gear is in the other car. Can't go climbing until it's back.
My #fridayreads are A Discovery of Witches and Flannery.
Enjoying the #gltrain webinar on knowledge management and social media, while doing social media KM in other tabs.
Cops now walking single file along east side of march - slightly ominous?
I wish it was easier than this.
RT Spend $10 or more and get a free antipasti! Good Friday, Saturday or Sunday! Just bring in this twitter ad!
RT “People are like rainbows they come in all sizes and all colors and inside of every one of them is a pot of gold!” #Yes!
So happy for you! Can't wait to see it :)
Visiting the mecca of higher education in ceramics for the first time ever
Let's arrange a time and we will drop off some goodies for you!
ok, I will stay away tomorrow then...oh wait does the word "ho" count?
I need more followers;(
I'm gonna go with Earth Crisis and Minor Threat as not
Dating your ex again is like buying your clothes back from goodwill. There’s a reason you got rid of them in the first place.
Biddy just finished two hours in front of regents. She was clear, thoughtful, and very effective!
"The difference between any given normal community and the community of the libertines"
Thanks for the follow!
YOUR IN NEW YORK ?
Alright. It's my bedtime now.
All the middle schools should have a reunion before we all go off to college :X
shit. Its almost over.
Peyton Manning medically cleared to resume NFL career per many sources.. Interesting news or not all its being made to be??
Today's gonna be fun ^_^
it was a few yrs ago when we prank called Malik but his mom answered
We ♥ Justin...and we ♥ Justin's sweaty classes!
Oh ok. That name sounds familiar.
Is there still no way to sort by due date using the Tasks mobile site?
Thank you so much, your support is valued!
Made a beautiful challah, but don't have the energy to make a shabbat dinner to go with it. Oh well.
MSU Spartans win on the road at Ohio State. Yet another reason why I am in love with Tom Izzo.
Being let down by Buffalo sports teams is par for the course baby.
#IfICouldIWould Change the world.
I've talked to lots of people about my greeting cards who at 1st say that they don't know anyone in prison. Then a few minutes later, . .
Really someone stole my grocery bags off my cart?
In that chase good luck hope you get well my mom was in hospital last few days and she did great.!
Beautiful night! Come join us! Our patio is OPEN!
The only thing getting me through this morning is Boy Meets World and the fact that it's drink cart Friday at work.
what happen with Kevin ?
Follow back please? :)
I was wondering what adventures she had gotten into. Yay for electricity!
Putting on size 0 shorts n they are a little big.. #perfectsize or #toskinny ?
RT When u remember the source of yur Life u are always abundant.
I only have 140 characters to make a complete fool of myself.Wife said "You can do it with much, much less". I am not really trying. It's ea
I'm reading it right now. I'm on the 3rd chapter. Loving it so far.
I watch Fox News because I don't like pro wrestling anymore but I still love the fake storylines and colorful characters
Just updated How Long Have I been Alive ! Now you can share your #TimeAlive! with friends and family!
“My favorite thing is to go where I've never been.” - Diane Arbus
if you look closely at the white spaces you will see my pic... or if you use the QR code you can see my pic on linkedin... :)
": I believe that baseball pants to girls is the equivalent to yoga pants to guys. #cleatchaser" go get'er tiger
u better leave my momma alone lol
PEACHES! Anyways imma go, night. You better still be here in June.
'Bout time!
#Actors who need a #reel, #ff and get it done!
what's the next country I get to see pictures of? Haha
I'm here! Where are you?
Who knew an "apple" would cost so much lol
HLNT watching here...
My mind wonders too much.
Watching the Slippers press conferences with CP3! #nbaplayoffs CP3 is kinda cute!!
Well, hello! How are you? x
we've been legitimately trying to follow you but every time I go to look at your page it says we aren't!
I like it
When 's mom asks what rack city chick means..> but when abby tries to explain it. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Interview on Monday!
can I just tell you that my husband is so excited about your website that he doesn't know where to throw himself right now?!
This time it is primal energy
Rather, the problem seems to have been that the government didn't enforce antitrust laws vigorously enough.
Cannabis Freedom March is Tomorrow! Rally and March from volunteer park to Westlake park. Live music, speakers, and activism in motion.
ya I've known him like 6 years, he was tellin me ya mentioned me lol.. Not sure on what for tho lol, Is she taking a break while?
what did the numbers in the last video shot in meridian mean?
RT : Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe!
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever with my mouth will I make known your faithfulness to all generations. Psalm 89:1
Snow snow snow Boston!! What do you guys think? Like? Or Don't like?
Im still fuckin wit you Love how you handled that !
Lol I haven't checked my tumblr all day.. I actually have a life \m/
So Friday is my Birthday o_O.
i miss jessie mac.
Im Only Talkin To People We Cant Take It On The Boyfriend Level Doe
Thanks, - the feeling is mutual.
Hi. Lady, I wanted 2 know y ur show is not on 2day, or tomorrow? Big fan from Detroit MI. PLZ LET ME KNOW! Thanx. :-)
ABSOLUTELY! Do you think she would give me her number?
wen we drinking u be playing slut
do you have your kids watching Maury?
Just looking at scenes from home (San Antonio) during Spurs game doesn't help the fact I miss home so much.
Just woke up, from falling asleep at 4... It was a rough day. :/ and I still don't feel any better
If you can't attend #Twanksgiving you can still help! Text FOOD to 52000 to donate $10 to
When boys cuss at you <<
Is Jalex Christ Jesus' gay brother?
Still doesn't explain why THEY called HIM though.
San Diego PD has 1200 untested rape kits. Tonight at 10news Why doesn't PD do what some other cities do? Cold case's solved
Nice. Looks like fun. Lots of talent.
Steeling food from the job you work at
Nothing erases unpleasant thoughts more effectively than concentration on pleasant ones.
Getting a Valentine's data card from a cutie then seeing it wasn't even addressed to you.
already planning for that trip to Cali this summer or maybe before. Cant wait
Thanks!!! RT : Made it to grandalism dope art post pics later...
Will keep you posted; would be good to meet up!
Jet, the cockapoo, has been found! He's back with his mom! Happy Friday!
beautiful! Thank you for the information :)
how do I file a claim against you?
Ain't that America!
i love my roomie
Just got my hair cut. :)
Man, down below 750? Sucks ..
Time 2 start a new day. Not a bad one. 2 depos. 1 mediation & 1 lunch appointment.
We admire Jeffrey M. Smith, thank you for the info. We appreciate it.
Wow is killin' me w/ his tweets! So funny and I'm loving every min of it. Especially loved his callout of ppl.
what the elevator music is going on in this car?
GCs taking the stage 's #BestSeminar. We're lucky to get their insight today!
So now my fam has decided to join me facebook, I've decided to move my vulgar thoughts to twitter
I know you've been hurt by someone else. I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
Doggie sneakers aren't the issue; endorsement of greyhound racing, and the cages the animals were kept in during filming are.
& Mitt Romney perhaps?
Employee fathers need to step up to the plate and put their family needs on the table.
Let’s all agree that whether someone is lippy is an excellent way to decide if you can be friends.
helped clients enjoy the trip of a lifetime. They bungee jumped off the tallest bridge in NZealand and scuba dived at the Great Barrier Reef
I'm talking goat petting zoo on my elephant petting zoo on my blue whale petting zoo
Fight the good fight, Stuart! Prayers are with you!
.ill die for you, get down for you. Do Anything you Want me to<3
my thoughts exactly
Lazywebs: help me find a medium- or light-weight jacket good for cycling that also looks badass and has good pockets!
Peace Out 2011! Here's to a great New Year!
Gil Scott-Heron and Stevie Wonder Pandora Stations make you realize just how much music has been recreated in hip hop.
A fast drive out a winding road on a sunny afternoon…
Can't wait! RT 6 days until the season premiere of Californication!
You'll hear the beautiful sound of love coming down ❤❤
it is quite challenging! That is advanced ux!
Thanks for coming out last night.
Tu follow back ?
EVAN! come over! it is about to start!
smoke, drink, fuck. ball, everything hahaha
RIP Davy Jones
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
Tom will never act as a solicitor peddling crappy get rich quick or weight loss schemes. Sorry if you received anything like that.
Sorry. I really thought you guys would win tonight. Hope the Hawks play 60 Minutes tomorrow or 80 if needed.
chachi just won like million dollars for winning that I think lol congrats you can buy like a lamborghini now. Rite
2011 is the year of sass.
Thanks for mentions! - had great time at Blue and White Party.
No greater name, than the name of Jesus.
This Nigga 2 Chainz on everybody song right now
Walking around with a Chick-fil-A milkshake is like walking around with Excalibur. Everyone wants its power, but only I can wield it.
Pretty sure we dont! RT : Pretty sure we were told there was no practice today..
Air Force Prep and San Antonio Central Catholic's Cole Martinez had 24 in the Texas D1 win over the Colorado Miners
letss smoke when I get out of work tomorrow :)
It seems some the students of Columbia College are so willing to criticize and so resistant to do some actual research on their own.
Hm...is it too early for a sangria..it has fruit in it?
is looking for interns. DM if you are interested in PR!
i don't like Beasley, but it's a no brainer, C's need scoring for the love of god!!!!!
#vibintogoodmusic #makemusic appreciate music because one day the earth will be in silence
Suzie says: I am on my way to campus!! Shuttle was running crazy late!!! Can someone let jeremy know?! Thanks!
listening to a group of students work on business/accounting coursework makes me glad I'd never attempted those classes.
I'll vote for you JSG! As long as you don't day "my friends"!
who?o:
Unleash the tree! Unleash the tree!
let me know if you got my message--gotta make some decisions today.
yo PFT, what's your position? Fans, owners, or players?
Getting ready to go work a modeling promo for WINK Eyelash Bar & Makeup Studio's Martini Mixer in Metairie, La. I CANT WAIT 4 SOME MARTINIS
that song is amazing! :D
We're almost there. And then it's Madtown summertime fun for 3 whole months.
RT : Let's Go Tops!!! Cross Pointers representing our Alma Mater! //heck yeah!
I'm gonna play rook all damn day tomorrow
Flash player should just automatically update.
Enjoy them below, and if another quote didn’t make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments
I'm so sore from the past two days haha
I am so lucky to have him ♥
ur website is totally cool i hope z will see it ...the best thing evah
way to finish up your career my man. loved watching you over the years. youll be missed by many here in eugene. good luck!
whatever you want! But your name is prefect the way it is also!
Make sure your working smarter, not just harder
white people? what are those? Aren't they a Greek myth?
“: #336. When you have to hit around two giants #volleyballproblems”
ack! bathroom key and computer sign-up!
I can't blame you
When you realize love is the answer. You'll be better off....
Ah the 10K route in Singapore Shape Run is out! Can't wait for my next race !!!.
Signed up for #Seattle today! Last year was fantastic, so I'm stoked to see what this year brings!
it feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you?
Waiting to hear from Peyton Manning himself. Why can't we have Tebow at FB and Manning at QB?
thanks for the follow! Happy holidays!
wish i had company lbvs
i was asking cause i was thinking about collecting projects for people to work on tomorrow (/cc )
I want clippers to win this one
Euchre night in Chicago requires #RamonWOW. We are coming for you !
1901 photo of the magnificent Victorian Mansion of Eva Smith Cochran in Yonkers, NY overlooking the Hudson River www.victoriansource.com
Waking down the hallway and my friends are like "oh he looked at you!" "and him too!"
Yankees aren't even an option for the player of the game. Oh yeah, because they havent done anything.
For certain!!! Imagine the possibilities!
that's the plan !
Waiting for that smash record from ! This dude is incredible
dat snapback back song go ham
THAT'S THE MOTTO
Ashley is watching "America's Next Top Model."
You are welcome, Hope you have a Wonderful Wednesday!
Just cleared sinuses, swallowed...tasted hints of semen and dying soul
I need to go to bed. 
Kohl "I don't think were far away(from being a winning team). We all feel the same."
If the title has the word "Criminal" in it, and it's non-fiction, chances are I watch it. Religiously.
Settle down beneath the ocean stare upwards raise your arms and say goodnight tomorrow the sun dawns on settled scores
Glad you are safely through it!
ill never let you down
Im not your parents?! Lol alright.
Biggest Grammy letdown is still Uncle Jesse not appearing onstage with the Beach Boys.
So LeBron wins another MVP? But he sucks....how is that possible?
May b experiencing 'runner's high' from laughing at the headlines from
have my Michael Bolton Wanderers escaped relegation yet?
In the past two days, I have been flipped off by three people I have never seen before in my life. Making friends everywhere.
b b b bitches aint shit but hoezzzzz n tricks
Photographer Michael Caristo Won Our Monthly Giveaway For Free Studio Time During June! Congrats Michael, Cant Wait To Work With You!!
Thanks for the follow, Nick!
I hope this mansion was in Bratenhal?!
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle
Henry David Thoreau~ We are always paid for our suspicion by finding what we suspect.
A lady is going through the frozen turkeys and says to a blonde, "Do these turkeys get any bigger than this?" She says, No they're dead."
Really enjoyed today's presentation from Google's on the ZMOT, Zero Moment of Truth. Thanks, Catherine &
Should be filing taxes (on extension)
The winner will be selected at random and this offer is good for NEW and CURRENT actors at our training center. So DM your email to us now!
1. Thanks for informing us about National Pretzel Day 2. That sounds amazing!!!
Give me the fastest. Grimiest. Slickest. Route to Rack City!
sounds interesting
"Emotionally I'm done. Mentally I'm drained. Spiritually I'm dead. Physically I smile"
one win away
yoga 6-8 weeks. Not sure yet on
Thank you to panelists 4 your answers on #1 tip on giving back & getting involved. It was an honor asking the last question.
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! ♥ I ,we , love you so much !♥
They're not working! Still coughing.
is verified on Twitter. Here comes the big time!
see all of you on here tomorrow. good night. i'm feeling sleepy.
Ikr, When andy got a gf I was about to stab one of my class mates with a toy dinosaur (LOL) and I was also on my period...
Morning! What a busy summer. Holler at us for Austin corporate furnished and serviced apartment suites to
many needed to happen
Can't wait :)
super fast & love the tweet option. I'm an Apple God worshipper myself. Praise be to Jobs. RIP.
I know it's late to the game, but terrific hire of - met *interestingly* from Phenomlist. Scored a stud. Win for Pando.
Improve the design of my site how?
A bit lonely at work today, with all my DC colleagues snowed in and off-line! Catch-up/clean-up day!
And having a great night with my boyfriend. :) RT : Drinking some beer with ..
on my way to see jared!!
I disabled the Drupal RDF module on our new site cause it was a resource hog. Would have been a nice perk otherwise.
i made team :)
So close to our goal of 300 followers! Help us get there!
Me too!
does she remind you of you self?!
I think our upstairs neighbors have adopted a seal-dog. His bark sounds like a sea lion.
I hate when people text me after like 1pm and say 'Good morning' mmmk obviously it's not morning anymore
BE STRONG. My prayers are with you trent 🙏
Darnit. still insists that I am "dee dee".
I need one of these for my son....any idea when you might have the Thugglet back in stock?
Watching The Voice and seeing myself once in while in the row behind the singers' families. How can I be there AND here? #AmIHighRightNow ?
If you obey all the rules, you'll miss all the fun. -Katherine Hepburn
I either want some Wawa coffee or some cold starbucks...vanilla!!! ☕
wow that's so hot. I <3 u
#Mee2 RT : I'll have Another , Congrats Kentucky derby seems like fun I need to go one day
love that.
Thanks for the RTs, Tracy!
Thanks for
Escalating Yemen violence kills three, injures hundreds...(world)
homie is probably day trading from his droid on top of a ski slope right now!
John Sherman Cooper of Kentucky was one of my favorite GOP senators; hard to believe Mitch McConnell was an intern for Sen. Cooper.
Thank you for the follow.
BEST. CONCERT. EVER. I got to see AWOLNATION with my bestfriend :D
heyy youth group tomorrow? (:
yall jus got M.I.a
High five and smiles, smiles and slaps.
Thanks :) RT : was up sexy that ass lookin nice!!
Be sure to read the new article - Single Gourmet Puts Romance on the Menu - just posted @ SingleGourmet.info - Click on the News Link
Run them down Denny !!!
#MM think it's so awesome how u share #music! thx!
lolol he thought he was ballin but didn't have a block
Mary Kennedy, wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. found dead at NY home.
hahaha! This weekends gonna be awesome guys! I'm excited to see everyone!!!
Ooh, I want to live where Robert Lowell lived!
you don't even know me at all. so why are you trying to change me.?
Us 2!RT : Super excited to be back tonight! Always a great time! We are playing w/ Battleme and Secret Music.
not me, you guys suck bawls
already got tickets to go!
Pulling into Disney. : "Guys, remind me to get some forks, I'm out." HAHAHA.
Seriously, is Angelina made of paper?
That moment when More Than This comes on at the store you're at and you cant help but fall to the floor like a weirdo lol
they love the Packers and the Packers love their fans and do more than any team in the NFL to make players accessible
Good morning!!!happy friday 2 all
Definitely laughed out loud at that tweet. Hope the chicken turned out great!
i don't think can be any more adorable
wow. NBC must be planning on making a shit tun of money off of you.
My boyfriend is my prince. He is my entire world and I love him with everything I have. I have no idea how I got so lucky <3
You don't have to please me, just pick up my tab. Don't have to go too fast, Just change my life.
This chick just asked me if she could plug in her iPod. Im in the middle of a set... And that kids, is what we call a bitch.
Great day for it!
E my bad haha
Actively look for a positive alternative to every problem you face today. Start to make it a habit.
not an official group. Comprised of alumni, friends, family. Out of respect for donors cannot disclose $ per 1,000 but it's good
Finally saw The Artist today. Can definitely see why it won Best Score and Best Picture!
To those asking if Paulson buying the blazers has legs, answer for now is no. Nothing except speculation backing it up.
This is how I see the whole police beating situation..Boosie charges were dropped, so the white man had to put the world back in balance
Thank You!(:
Does Emmy have a twitter?
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital. -Daniel Webster
My Big Bruh So 100, I Aint Even Gotta Say It!!! #Winning Ova Here
Oh goodness, Charles Murray reference. This should be good.
Wait. I'm at home. Beer moi-même encore! Oui, right away Madame.
Have a blessed day everyone!
Just The Ticket For Seniors 65+ is set for Friday, June 8 from 12:30-3:45 at the Goodman Community Center. The best part? It's FREE!
Throwing the AXE down! Go Brew Crew
Before the mountains were brought forth Or ever You had formed the earth and the world Even from everlasting to everlasting You are God
In what text does Morrison say that line?
has anyone (group) done more to make white kids feel cool? “ - today it's all Beastie Boys. #RIPMCA Damn.”
Ottawa Bluesfest Lineup: LMFAO, Lauryn Hill, Skrillex, Iron Maiden To Join This Year’s Festival
Holy shit! Just realized that and I are sitting behind Fountains of Wayne on this flight. I have fangirl sweat.
Moroccan #food on Wednesday: Aziza
God's ability to win is not predicated on our obedience!!
“: #JustPromiseMe you'll never forget all times we spent together and promise me no one will take my place in your heart .”
You know when you have a headache, but just barely, so you don't want to take anything, but then it never goes away and you wish you had?
cheers !! RT : Thank you for following Sentry's Corkage Club, We can't wait 4 the RB Tasting Festival
Birthday dinner at cheesecake factory :)
Huge thanks to for talking toys and Liam Neeson with us. Follow him and enjoy this week's show on Thursday!
click it and find out :)
Thanks for dining with us and checking in!
Did Maine sell out??
Good move, gonna send them some $ today. Obama's re-elect campaign is being too gentle on Mitt.
Time for some artisan afterhours style
GUYS HAVE IT AT LA PLEASE.
I wish thier were no wars at all :/ We already have cancer isn't that bad enough already.
I'm thinking this allstar weekend is not living up to years passed
My phone was tweeting on stage... But we jammed it
Well, it's a marvelous night for a #moondance A full #Moon of rare size and beauty will rise in the east at sunset. #VanMorrison on
": #iWillNeverTrust someone who doesn't enjoy Dragon Ball Z." (thats right i think somebody a lame if the never wacth DBZ)
Hm, wonder what caused that? DNA?? Do u try and eat good things that ur liver would like??
Alvarez landing some wholesome shots!
this feels better...
LOL I'll let the people know to improve their CGI too.
Cheers! Another fine webinar by !
.5 shy of record RT : Out of curiosity, did Jared Allen tie or break the sack record?
I like singing but I suck at it xD
very nice, I really want you to show up to a closing with it on though
Now playing "Alive" by
really enjoyed "Meet Generation C: The Connected Customer." It was great to meet you at SXSW. Look forward to your next article.
Get and stay out of your comfort zone. If you want to be successful.
Friends Making Life Amazing
"ion say names&give NiGGAS the fame.nw bck 2the song.f* that ! he a LAME..IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME
- long time reader, fan and pr pro for philly tech, start up and VC firms. Follow me and !
ok so the birds out my window are mad loud i jus screamed at them to shut the fuck up ...
he sat next to Beckett the other day, prob
hope all is well, and happy new years man, rob
really, Arrowhead water? Lol
Not even the winky face? ;)
My hats off to Joe Simon...Legendary creator of Captain America.... He lived to be 98 years young. Thank, you Sir.
Surf Report (Pacific Beach) 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Edutainment is like slipping a vitamin in dessert. Simon Perazza
I know, its just too much & I slick wish arizona would've died instead of lexie
Ashamed to call you a friend.
Well, you've responded each time. So... not really.
Ah the VMAs. This is one night i'm extreme glad I don't have a television.
how are you faring with the poweroutage? My heart breaks for all the great back bay restaurants.
#sschat newbie teachers have experience enough bad teaching 2 know who they don't want 2 be
put a video of you doing your #dancerehersals on twitter! LIFE WOULD BE MADE! How's your day? Your put me in a happy mood!:)
strangley enough I would rather have cup of coffee these days or maybe tea Are you a starbucks girl?
Biggest thing I've learned so far this year is to be open to new friendships. I thoroughly appreciate all the ppl in my life.
Added "Multicultural, Diversity and LGBTQ" as new interest in Departments category.
Vystar Sr VP Judy Walz just began her presentation on the Money Makeover prgm. She has 13 pinball machines!
Still can't believe fenagled me into this office.
had a successful weekend at !
Anyone else think the new Garbage album cover looks a lot like Garth Brooks' 'G' logo?
sorry, i don't do hoes.
the smoke is in the air like a hypeman hands the mic is a deadly weapon in the right mans hands
Reminder: Tomorrow's game is a 2 pm first pitch.
It's time 2 brk out the extensions this summer
New dishwasher installed... Livin' the dream.
Thanks for the RT. :-)
Main thing I say on the weekends; FUCK IT, YOLO.
It would have been awesome if someone had told me that there's a giant hole in my shirt
Thanks - Check in for updates! RT just heard your new track, pretty legit
Miss Biker Bitch Hoodie
way to tweet pics of your gf! What u doing later?
--"My wife is short of mind and scares of water" F--"How do u knw?" --"Yesterday,when i got hme,she was in bath tub with the security guard"
RT if u thought the fancy D in Disneyland was a G when u were little
Yeee hit one up us up sir.
Twitter for the iPad = love
southern book festival this weekend Nashville tn 37210. free lectures, free food, buy cool books!
see you there! stop by our booth at
What site do I go on if I wanna book for a party ?? X
Gasol bleeds more then a girl on her period
What is UP with that outdated atom graphic? : )
I be missing you mad hard right now yo. That's how I imagine you talking in my head. For reals though, I miss you.
We know you meant he doesn't exist to you. :)
seems like that worked out pretty well!
I'm happy to report that I am #Flashback free.
you and your
What is more valuable dirt or gold?
The deli at work. We have a giant cafeteria w like 8 different stations and then 2 buildings over a small deli.
It feel like a hot summer night but its still spring time
don't put me on ur list...I'll be a good daddy..:)
Yes! He mentioned Stengers!
Street Roots awarded Community Service Award for outstanding achievement and service to Portland’s elderly, homeless and poor.
WE WILL! LESS THAN ONE WEEK AND ITS THE BIG DAY! CONCERT DAY IS GOING TO ROCK! ;)
Ugh, believe me, I know!
“: Odd timing of Ford report" Not that odd...anything to bring distraction to the Cats.
Guess what?...Someone tried to put a roadblock in my path. Know what I did? Kept right on through stomping the roadblock! Dirt now! Haha!
would and do. Friend looking for "breads" w/o wheat. Trying to make some enjira like product. Any help? Will buy u beer.
if yall need graphic work done, hit me up
Sounds like a good plan, Girl! #DoYourThing :-)
WWW.MYSPACE.COM/MEBRUKLIN
Loving the wolf man on ai! Love me some johnny cash. He needs a stlylist tho.
I can't believe rose tore his acl. This was Chicago's year!
We would like to welcome the association of Cambridge Jones photography. Visit Cambridgejones.com
Of course! Thanks so much, Shelby! Really really really really really glad you like it :)
Most people is scared of love because of what it can do to you.
Anyone know of a good beach in Toms River, NJ?
If Bosh out a month, Im taking all bets against the Heat.
#unitedairlines - they're too busy painting planes - oh, no wait - they did that first before worrying about customers!
sterling community by ucf
Hahaha. It was so bleak. Couldn't look away.
we're reaping the benefits of your site improvements this holiday season!
They don't give the trophy to the person who tries the hardest, they give it to the person who wins.
My mood has been killed even more then before
You tweet about the Crayola Haus! I've rocked there a few times before.
I hate that new friend who tries to steal your best friend. The worst thing is that your best friend chooses them over you.
Wait! Me and share a birthday?! Nice!
When the new year come in i hope everyone is with someone they love,respect,cherish,adore.
“: laying around in ur fruit o the loom and red n white knee highs. #onwisconsin #captainhuge” want a visual?
Must admit...I watch that crap. And, I still can't imagine how they make that much.
GMO allergies are my new biggest fright-fest. See australians proof an protect your kids!! www.allergyfree4u.com/GMO-allergies
We will be closed all day on Saturday and Sunday! Happy Holidays! We will be open Monday at 3pm.
Thank you for the #FF shoutout!
idk mayb but I'm just going off wht I read lol
#Reds #TitanicStruggle fails.
Hey if you see this please follow me my birthday is in a 3 weeks you would make my 11:11 dream come true if you followed me(:
Have you seen the documentary called "Fair Game"? Is so, what do you think about it?
Tonight begins the last run of shows for Arlen Blues and Berlin Ballads! Don't miss out! Shows run through this Sunday.
Sometimes I look at old people and thing 'God, what did u look like before this?'
Merry Christmas!! If SANTA "dropped the ball" this year, you can always go on-line and get / print your ALL-INCLUSIVE Big Night tickets.
GA DOE currently piloting teacher/leader eval system in 26 systems. Incl surveying K-12 students on teacher perform. (Yes, kindergarteners.)
have fun, lady! I dig it.
86% of you watch me everyday..
Back to sleep I go nothing to do
Just finished shooting a PSA. Time to go home, chill for a sec, then head to this callback.
Excited to be at EpCon today in Waterloo! cc:
If you want my number ask
There's a crazy energy in the neighborhood tonight. By 'energy', I mean neighbor. And by 'crazy' I mean the police usually come by midnight.
Still on my break. I feel like I'm going to explode 😲
OKC is giving these boys a 30 piece with a extra biscuit...w/ fries and a sweet ice tea...
It shows up in blood, but can stay in system for long time. Hard to prove "under influence" at time of driving.
why haven't you came -____- lol
No Problem! :)
I mean WITHOUT. D'oh.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
I'm not a thug, I don't smoke weed, I'm just a normal guy with extraordinary abilities trying to make it in the game.
Ur Not The Only One Who's Lazy =D
there's always a next time, right? how was your time in Austin?
catching up again just in time to fall behind again.
Seeing intense, city-sanctioned police repression firsthand steered me away from reformist politics.
What #Inspires You? Maybe it's a 5 minute #meditation or listening to your favorite song Make sure to that Every Single Day. #Happiness :-)
We need a ride to the mall who wants to take us
I cant afford it right now, but I will definitely hit u up fam.
Just to note #thisrapturesucks #rapturefail and also
I can't believe #oomf do that to me.
Hey it is Wednesday and we have live jazz in the house! stop by!
never had your number, this is from a week ago :p
#Atlanta area residents can #text COBBSCHOOLS for news, events & updates from Cobb County Schools Foundation. Stay connected with #mobile!
terrible rug burns <<<<< #ouch 😁
NOPD is stopping people on Freret between McAllister & Newcomb and giving tickets for expired break tags. If yours is expired change routes!
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
thanks for the mention!
Oh my, he is one sweet soul brother..
Also your phone answers like a fax machine :/
congrats ! what's your goal? i wish i could go that long without eating candy...
Currently jammin' to Marvin Gaye...I could listen to this man all day...💃🎧
Wonderful concert at Kitano last night.Denny Zeitlin, Matt Wilson & Buster Wiiliams make magic to those lucky enough to have been there.
:] it was me. were you at the summit?
February 28 cannot come fast enough! I want to take the test!
In the arena... with a dagger! RT : Butler did it!
Now I have to make a viddy, only because Justin Bieber has one♥
Twitter trill 🔫 >>>
and 2. Base chat time around when people are reading tweets or may be online. Or try a few different times? :)
I just realized that I have school on Monday...
Tried to make deal 3 handed but donk wanted me to pony up to pay chip leader, got 3rd for 115k. Still pissed I didn't win it
If you live in the GA area, you must contact my friend ! She is amazing and will no doubt take care of you!
Aren't we all? RT #ArizonaWildcats WR Buckner is less witty when he's winded
I can't get out of bed..... Even though I wanna go to manipulations lol
ringalingling!!! hello? Hi Algernon!! How's it going?! Thanks for the follow!! Talk soon!
M.C.A.'s in the back cause he's skeezin' with a whore!!!
Congratulations, you are truly blessed. This is the magic that is in this world.
Mastery is performing your skills, and improvising as needed.
In my opinion, convos about immersion - especially as it relates to videogames - is the problem.
Happy New Year to you Mr. Mark! I hope you have a great 2011 and have many projects to work on! Bring WG back to LA too!
Its only a couple of questions through 'email' about your day on set.... what do you say Travis, in or out? :)
we have many inside jokes
good!(: we only have 8 days left!!(:
I have a twisted sense of humor so don't mind me. They let me out of the padded room today.
Yo Joey, come on, man. I know you're in Europe or whatever, but it's still breakfast hours here. Whole day bout to get rearranged....
27 more hours to go! #giveBIG is about to get BIGGER and BETTER! goBIG San Diego, donate to your favorite nonprofit now!
#Wits I know you can add dance & make it work for radio, right?
can't wait to hear about it!
The Mayans predictions are coming true. The entire city of Milwaukee is going up in smoke.
have you ever heard of Isiah Munoz? he's from Tacoma, Washington too :D
Bac on town.
so sorry to hear... *hugs*
I get the feeling that 's Brett Lawrie post is going to get another handful of comments from angry Jays fans again today...
happy Mothers Day to yours as well! And all the moms out there!
Ton Lucca was awesome
SO excited. How is the night going??
whoa, what about Ben Affleck's Jack Ryan?
I packed ham sandwich for lunch today but forgot the Easter chocolate? Rookie move.
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” Henry Ford
mee i just followed u
That's what I'm talking about
yes! avoid the large corporation groomers, they take in anyone, regardless of qualifications.
It really just hit me that Desperate Housewives is over.... My Sunday nights will never be the same 
Why SOLAR? Saves U $$ Good 4 environment! Renewable energy! Sound investment N energy independence!
Liquid lunch til 4 downtown = 2for1 pints!#liveafter5 Bag of Donuts playing! Keep an eye out for #Happygirls w BOGO cards!
Reward your customers with online deals and discounts.
I'm going to Disney world lol and I will try to find wifi :)
you a stripper yet u were neva hurtin 4 money, dnt got no kids or school tuition, the REAL strippers should BEAT YO ASS 4 thinkin its a game
i love you
#DeepGold film, shot in #Cebu and #Palawan, will be released in the Philippines on Aug 31.
girl scroll down, did u read the text before that?
When u hurt someone in my family u have to deal with the consequences!!!
can i lick u up n down till u say stop
Shout out always coming through to my gigs
Just downloaded new mixtape S(HE) BE(LIE)VE(D) for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com! JASMINEV MIXTAPE
"Knocked down" is something that happens to something else. So you say "my lovely pumpkin got knocked down by ..."
lol you're funny
tax time. ugh. the most dreadful time of year for any self employed person.
Thanks to everyone who showed up to our cd release! Your support is very much appreciated.
Changed internet providers Wednesday & are only now up and running. Felt totally lost without it. What did we do before the internet?
I feel ya call me gurl !
fuck i wanna be drunk again
My feet are the most disgusting looking things on the face of the earth.
what is this silence? it cuts me to the core..
#phdadvice And my write every day tip - do it from day 1. What questions do you have? In the literature: where are points of (dis)agreement?
Follow Back???(: Please?(:
social dress? Send me a picture! And I am thanks! Drama to tell?
April Treasure boxes available for order til midnight tonight - a great way to stock up on groceries on a budget www.thetreasurebox.org
i love xo's lol
MT : Physical space has its own thing going. While SM should follow mission statement, it can be done in a Social way.
Besides, I'd rather forget the days we spent, than try to stay afloat in shallow water. #savestheday 🎶
Sprouts no longer available You can't even pay extra to add them! I'm officially boycotting their sandwiches, who's with me?!
So my friends says they know someone that looks like Liam... BRB HIJACKING A CAR TO GO TO THEIR SCHOOL & WAIT FOR HIM TOMORROW
ThunderbirdBar, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I just gotta hear the #'s on this one. Does KC remember the mighty Overkill? Hope so.
I suppose to be home yesterday but my flight got problems so tryin again today
Put down the chocolate #Easterbunny and get to Classic Slice and
Referring to #elit in a course title, which do you prefer: eLiterature or E-Literature or E-literature?
to bad the rainforest cafe isn't still there
follow back :)?
They always do, they always do. “: The script may have said sports but his eyes said sassy all day.”
Lawson has a bright future in the League though.
It's a sunny 65 Feb day and the Ice Cream man just drove by my house. Don't tease me,
Enie,Meenie,miney,mo. u ain't nothing but a hoe. u think your cool, u think your classy. reality check: your really trashy .
I told Rodgers he said he's so sorry for your loss and for you to email him the test
why do we do that, knock other woman down, what do you care
San Onofre Nuclear Power Plant To Remain Closed During Federal Probe CBS Local SAN CLEMENTE (AP) — The troubled San Onofre nuclear
Moved in 4 months ago and I'm still unpacking boxes. #whenwillitend 😔
all good man, just sayin, our boys were killin it in Fells :) Been to angels once, is that where you ended up?
please follow me!! Please!!
UPDATE 3-NY Times posts lower revenue; ad sales volatile
#SCtop10 George Kottaras walk-off, two-run double for the #Brewers 5-4 win over the #Dodgers!
When ur getting head and yo girl ask you to let her know your about to bust and you just pull her head down and bust anyway
I dont have any hate towards Delena, i actually love Damon <3, but its just a ship i dont favor :)
Just ordered #GirlScoutCookies: ThinMints, Samoas, Tagalongs, DulceDeLeche & SavannahSmiles. Its for a good cause after all, my sweet tooth!
Young boy dope life isn't attractive anymore.
Outstanding rain storm in north Austin right now. Anyone else getting it in town?
Think we could drag you out to the / show tomorrow night at SubT?
Pinterest = stuff in mason jars, freaky nail polish, ugly shoes, booze popsicles and quinoa
M....sunlight feels good...!
This is v important!! RT : The big question on Sesame Street today: Is Pi Day more important to the Count or to Cookie Monster?
hey sweetie! I hope your night is better. :) I just wanted to say that you're one of the strongest women I know & I know..
my guy u good
