Dear Swig: Go sh*t in your hand.
Okc n Dallas
Haven't heard puns this good since Shakespeare
What does it take to organize an extra special event?
was up man
#nowplaying "Sweet Sour", Band of Skulls.
I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I can also admit, that I’ve accepted the fact that things changed.
im coolin love you look to good
Cut your collection time in half with RTOREWARDS. Click here to learn more: www.clientrocket.com/rto
Will be hitting the studio soon to do the biggest mixtape ever wit DJ?????
How did I not know this? Facts at the podium, bad news to the left, anything positive to the right
across the parking lot from Chipotle. Haven't tried it yet.
#cil2010 user expectations of online library services. usability++
I'm really starting to think I'm broken or something.
Tiger Woods -7
“ Have the will to fight for your potential...”
Niggas laughed at me when I was in highschool when I told them Gotti was the best out
NewTek is dominating NAB! I've done so many press interviews that I can think straight!!
Coach Torres and some of the players are at the ballpark taking a look at the Concordia-Doane game. Pioneers get the winner at 4 pm ET Fri.
I VERY much enjoyed participating in the Los Angeles Flood Projects, which was created by one of our faculty members.
oh, that is so sad...
here here!!!
go follow his tweets are fire and hes guranteed to have you pull i 800 followers in 24 hours
Please join Nathalie's secrets group on facebook. I post and answer questions. I welcome comments and ideas from anyone who wants to share.
#kids Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright: Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright from...
The next person who comes up to me in a gym or airport and says "hey your team messed up my bracket this year" might get punched... lol
Ship it, Ship it, ship it!! Gl Man.
Miley Cyrus in her car leaving her hotel waving to everyone and taking pictures with fans 😍
so not in the mood for mr miranda rn
Happy #StPatricksDay to my Twitter family!! Every day I get on here I have more followers! So blessed!! Drink a green beer for me! Be safe!
sending out love to the Jackson family, you will always be a part of my life, i love your family and thank you for sharing your light
I say fuck it.
is there a link for tickets?
RT : RT Winds will die off overnight but showers & sunbreaks tomorrow. Could see a break Wed. Partly Sunny on a...
Sarah Palin teams up with Sisqo to record an R & B tune about herself--- "The Wrong Song" (wrong wr-wrong wrong wrong...)
thanks for the invite. </3
Coffee, eat, dog, work, practice, eat, meditate, yoga, dog, eat, bed.
San Juan here I come...
RT : “: Maybe I'll go to Endless tonite. Hm.” u should #TwitterThursdays follow that with #LastCall April 28 !!!
I hate paying for street parking, peoples taxes pay for the street. That's like paying to see a movie, and having to pay for a seat.
it happended in the past, but its going on right now.this bitch keeps piss me off. I'm about to go the fuck off and be done
Good Morning (:
"Bitch, you don't know my life!"
Lotus flower bomb
...and maybe I am but, you wouldn't hear me out anyways would you.
Come sit outside on our patio for your lunch today!!
Thanks for the Mention ;)
very true. Maybe she'll see it in a week or two.
Totally enjoying all these tweets from other alesana addicts on here :)
Happy b-day to AZ, amnd i hope u all had a wonderful valentines day.
Thanks for the follow. Do I contradict myself? Probably.
Chat. Who knew.. ?
I have 2 home today.... not an auspicious start, is it?!
provided they don't have cheaps sons, i imagine ALL restaurants are "mom eats free" today.
u deserve everything you have been given us &#10millionbeliebers will always have ur back! keep smiling :)
Lots of Voices members in town for Building a Grad Nation Summit. Looking forward to hearing VP speak ab education policy
No... mom talked about telling people their arms will caught tin horrible machines (she does factory legal contracts)
very nice, I like how creative it is.
at least you have context on your situation :)
Great review in today's WSJ Review section. Congrats!
That's strong. Most people think 30 mph gust is 45. People over-estimate wind speeds typically.
MANE SABRiNA CAME TO MEH ABOUT A FAiL OF A DAMN RiD LABEL..i WAS SO DAMN MAD...
Absolutely drained.
THIS SONG NEEDS TO HURRY UP.
Time to think about throwing an #Argus Beer on draft How is #Chicago liking their #beer lineup?
looks like you killed it!
I'm down for sure
follow bck?:D
Im going to play this acoustic guitar and serenade the shit out of her, she will be swept off her feet and on her back ;)
Good morning all! It looks like winter has FINALLY decided to grace us with her presence...bit the ice is still not safe!
Super Bowl Champs!!!
JAMES!!!! have u heard of a chubbie before?!?!?!
RT : Growth does not happen without resistance. You don’t build muscles without lifting weights. [Off to the gym right now!]
I'll be in town from 1 till about 20 past 1 so meet me then because you only live like 5 mins from town please :3 <3
Danny Adams a talented long snapper from St. Thomas Aquinas (FL) commits to EKU.
Happy Hour. 'Nuff said.
Insomnia kicked in, but damn I had a productive day. If tomorrow is going to be anything like today, I better force myself to sleep! G'nite!
listening to descendents' "two things at once" = css that flows like it's writing itself
I miss my brother
We look forward to your visit!
6 THINGS WE SAY IN CLASS: 1. I'm tired. 2. I don't get it. 3. I'm hungry. 4. What time is it? 5. I want to go home. 6. Does anyone have gum?
What is happening in the Middle East is people dying for their freedom. What is happening in WI is selfish.
Looking forward =)
Only twelve more days left to see the student exhibitions. Stop on by!
Whoops! We meant Low Flow Toilets & Shower Head!
please reconsider the closing of or at least make the new offering functional ( integration seems faulty).
Hi what's up, is there anyway you can put a smile on my face,Justin
Damn I'm going to miss it by exactly a month
The #MiamiHeat are still the better team. Bulls don't even know how they won. We will see you here at home and destroy you in the playoffs.
I just moved to Capitol Hill this weekend right by Stanton Park!
Thanks for the link. She's not much of a contest writer, but you never know!
when you work Again !
Jim Jacobs: "Part of what student success means is being able to get a job with a sustainable wage."
oh you know just the usual youthful rebelling against authority figures. Ha!
you on the train? I am
What are the odds of winning bingo?
“: I'm ready for tonight ! featuring ! Who's getting drunk with me??” Awesome! See you there!
^ A Little Nuts About Love Driving through Southern California, I stopped at a roadside stand that sold fruit, vegetables and crafts. As...
Never be afraid to try. Remember, amatuers built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.
Do you know how many people are screaming out loud because is coming to L.A. in Book Of Mormon! Can you hear it?
Thanks for the mention!
even with people seeing your #? lol
How's your voice?
I will be busy for the next 10hrs..the wife requested I watch "Gone with the Wind". Well at least I get to look at Clark Gable...hahaha
wish me luck, I'm trying to go back to my bank of America job!!! :)
Dark chocolate is good, one ounce at a time. A bar has 550 cal and 30-40 grams of fat.
A space lobster?
you had her confused right at the question mark
i already follow tthem.x
I hope u feel better soon :(
I fucks with you gentlemen on the #BrassMonkey tip. I'll get the OJ.
Add me to friends ;)
The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character. - Isabelle Eberhardt
#Goodmorning Ladies & Gentlemen :)
what is tomorrow? Isle bounty? Tues at isle is last one right?
items in China should say, "Made Down The Street"..
technically i am ALMOST 31
My fedddyyy got a twitter! :)
Women's symptoms are different from men. : Here's a heart-healt myth: a heart attack is always a sudden pain in the chest.
thanks, girl!! xxoo so nice to meet you! how long have you been in SF? :)
It's more tolerable now to think of hilarious vomit on the Walmart sign, but I fear it will always remind me of you.
I need something interesting to print. Corporate is boring.
#bestthingallweek was your interview with !
I've never had students in an #infolit session ask for my powerpoint. That was the most engaged class I've ever worked with. Go PSU!!!
"track room" under "raoul la mesa 100"
I meant LONG!!
I need to discuss with you some esports-related stuff. Would rather avoid facebook. Can you PM me your email?
ECZEMA! Cyber bully :P
"People are, if anything, more touchy about being thought silly than they are about being thought unjust." E. B. White
We are STM
Its sad that people are asking me if I'm tired today based on the fact I have on flat shoes.
Packaging sketches complete. I want our boxes to be collectibles. Reminiscent of hat boxes
Life is a string of "every days" (like today). There is no someday, so enjoy your day now while you still can.
full not fukk. sorry for the typo
Math, science, history, unraveling the mystery ...
Follow Back!! #IfYouReallyLikedMe :P
I'm shitting my pants right now. Please help me you guys. I will cry.
"I was sitting in a restaurant with Penny and Bernadette drinking water, carbonated as it was a special occasion."-Amy
It's earth day ya dig
My man BP! Here to stay baby! The New Red Machine!!!!!!!!!
go go!
it pisses me off how does concerts at the same places all the time r u ever coming to north carolina u have mahomies here too
I do admit there are some students I don't want to encourage to register, but they, too, have a voice. My job is to tch Constitution.
Today in 1955 - President Eisenhower allows the first filming of a news conference for television.
What to do next after TM?
Lunch is back in Ullyot on 1st floor. Come on down so we can eat & jam! :)
if Khloe kardashian and Perez Hilton had a baby it would look like
How is it that I always end up looking stupid and wasting my time and effort on someone who doesn't care
I Love People, I Just Have My Own Way Of Showing It
...try to make others feel.
my glass ball is working!
Why do people say stupid shit ? Like really!
Put me in your
This is not the beginning of the end.... but the end of the beginning! etc
Sounds wonderful--you all have a good trip!
Catching up on yesterday's show while DVRing today's. Burp-a-thon was one of the funniest things I've seen in a while.
“To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life." W. Londen
I bring them to the light for you, it's only right. This is the soundtrack to my life.
Thursdays, the fluoride portion of a dental exam
It is going to be a great weekend for weather in San Diego! Enjoy it while it lasts!
Looks like Mario Salducci
#TheThingIHateMost closed-minded people.
20 hour day yesterday 12+ hour day today, and 3 hours of sleep in the last three days...
I love that moment when you make eye contact with a dog, he wags his tail and nods to let you know that he secretly a tiny man in a dog suit
hell yes!!!!!! I'm not even kidding
just noticed this (twitter game off as of late), but yes, I can answer Drexel ?s if needed..
I feel really dumb for trusting you even as just a friend, guess you weren't the guy I thought you where. Good luck with everything dude
Q3: Not had to yet, but would try to give them information and hook them in with colleagues.
So after a year and six months it's no longer me that you want but I love you so much it hurts.
I thought that you were going to broadcasting all of the Pacers game. Cant seem to find you on my Program guide
This lil girl know ALL the songs that's been playing in the salon word for word, I HOPE she knows her multiplications
I think you might just be right …
Happy Friday! Thanks to everyone that attended our speaking event last night with #Adworkers!
Grammy's went classy this year! Yay for ! So deserved!
{waves distractedly} Thank you, thank you. {wanders away}
In need of a videographer to be there at all the places we preform at
Are you going to be making any more collab videos with soon? Like from the video?
Have a Sweet One like you xo
. . .but have been disappointed to read some of the old tropes dragged out in the process of dialogues.
Here comes the Sun yeah Fun Friday! Off to Daytona Beach!
thnx for that tweet...u r spot on!
not if I end up seeing you
well thats why i was thinkn bout convertn cause ik theyre way healthier but idk, ill find that balance soon or later lol
Jim Sorgi and Ron Dayne mention in the same night on ESPN. Am I dreaming?
love that song
holy shit boys
. . . . listening to Mark Jacobs of talking about gastronomy as new art world.
Eating like a pro today. Thinking bout #TeamMunoz and #BranchWarrenClassic... #KittyRexAthletics coming soon...
Need to jumpstart my ACRLog post. Anyone read any good blogs by faculty recently?
Thank you! :)
So long ocala. Had a great time with my bayybeez. OMW to broward county :P
No sleep 'till the night kitchen
When will we see new comics by ?!
I once read a decent sci-fi novel that took place in the Winchester House, took place after a mysterious apocalytic event.
In the office squeezing meetings into the ERA D2C schedule. In two weeks, it will all be over and I'll be on the plane home.
we gotta chill again!!!!!
attempting to start Twitter again... we will see how this goes
Can you stop touching me like who tf are you ? !
Thanks, indeed :) RT : Listening to Gregory Porter's "Work Song" on Thank you, Nicole.
i luvvvvvvvvvv u
Hello tweeters! Don't forget to check us out in Burbank, CA at #hollywoodshow. Great original memorabilia at WHOLESALE prices :)
yeah it's Kool
HI WISH =] nice 2 meat you =]
Wheels down in Louisville. Thanks Kietas for a fun weekend.
#NowPlaying talking to the moon by Bruno Mars
gotta get them on the road stat!
Thanks for following 😝😝
airport in the morning and then back to austin to get some tacos!
Last call for the #Omeka workshop in #UNCC #Atkins Library's Digital Scholarship Lab! Begins at 11am in rm. 273. is teaching!
for your consideration, kishu mandarin!
Another frigid night in store for Central Ohio. And we have some snow in the forecast... I'll have details on 10TV News!
For great #wine chat
May need to quit my job if it keeps driving me to the Judy Collins like this.
Pre-Production started on our (KO Pictures) feature documentary, "Literary LA." Shooting to commence late April.
TURN TO YOU. Holy shit im excited!!!!!!!!!
Of course now it's going to tstorm hail RT : Getting wise to Texas 'fall' weather. Wearing sundress today so I don't fall over.
April 13th the iCarly Episode is on(: Hell Yea' !
The cupcakes are a hit and I personally witnessed the pie and cake get devoured in less than 5 minutes! #great food
Just noticed I have 100 followers.. Wonder how many are bots.
Who can beat Mayweather?
to be clear, I really have no idea what I'm talking about. ;-)
Thank you for the shout out!!
Been feeling so anxious lately. I'm so ready to experience different things. It's crazy.
rep it kid
I've had chills since the beginning of the play, I love godspell so much...
oh should have known he was a union thug. Can't actually work for a crap so he hides behind a union
Me, too! I was just thinking I need to get to Bakersfield soon.
Yo are you in India? just saw ur fb location, it says MUMBAI!!! is that for real? :O
we are looking for alums working in JAMS-related industries for an event in December. Email if interested.
I disagree completely with a freshman winning the player of the year award never the less congratulations to Anthony Davis of
Check out what I saved from www.unique-vintage.com (Incredibly Stunning Royal Blue Manhattan Mermaid Prom Gown) to...
woo hoo! Let and us know how it goes!
fair enough ;) It's finally getting warmer - sounds like a great place for you to bring the fam. We'll hav to find some dates.
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
#Bbworld11 Back to general sessions...
Watching the Buccos game on my laptop, dude next to me asked if I could get the NBA game on....50 bucks bro
In my defence, kiss ass gets me around the world lol :)
Tip #1: When shopping, you can always pause for a moment and consider our motto: "You can never get enough of what you don't really need."
Morning! We're talkin' Toto and Chicanos on ice!
: Respecting will get us much further than antagonizing each other will. We agree!
I can't stand racist people.
I'm trying to talk my dad into letting me get mine now XD. Oh~ hopefully he will.
He said I could give them to you if you want! They're just sitting here, haha. You want me to mail them? :)
Looking forward to it. Great stuff ahead!
Vacations make me horny.
Need to practice my fifa skills so i can beat John next time ! :D
Friendly poll: Who else would be FREAKED out to pull into your parking spot & find a COP hiding in the corner?!
mhmm sure. That's why your sore. I believe that... And my mind stays in the gutter!
Austin is the milk to my cereal, the pounding to my heart. But most of all, he is the reason to my smile.
Finally! YouTube's on my TV via XBOX, previous experiences on other platforms weren't that good.
YellowPages USA just faxed, no joke, a form soliciting to set a Facebook page up for us.
how about some stir-fried broccoli with lots of garlic, some tamari and ginger!
Really kind of not wanting to be at work on this rainy dreary day. Boo.
Tosh.0 would be hilarious if it didn't have Daniel Tosh in it.
Take social security and medicare off the table... a promise made is a promise kept...
#1 place you find out about new music these days? RT with your answer!
Well at least there is one team for sure who has worse fan attendance than the bucks.
Thanks for the follow &amp; retweet! Cheers to
Glad to hear you like them! Keep checking back to see our new products.
yeah, but I never got the corrected tweet
End the Fed!
We're getting D.C. levels of pollen in Boston. OK; as long as we get the free museums, too.
So far, I've co-taught three sessions and solo taught three sessions. I have two upcoming sessions in the next week.
See "the hottest new thing in candles!" They're scent-sational!
AUGUST SPECIAL: Pay just $4.99 for a slice of cake & a 12oz specialty coffee any time, any day this month! Come see us today!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I dont know about you but Im looking forward to eating corned beef (hopefully some soda bread) & hangin w/ friends
any advice for a US scrumhalf coming to play at Sydney Uni in less than a month?
There's a guy picking through trash cans with a rolling trash bin behind him.
You are as cute as an Easter Bunny. Hahaha.
Does in her mouth count as in? Still would lay 11+:1 on the no.
thanks for the shout-out, we'd LOVE to have you and/or other #RISD folks come participate this weekend!
been incredibly slow for me for a couple weeks now
sometimes iget Virginia and Vagina mixed up lol
are u going to make a music video to my fav song 4 letter word?
ill change my icon
Debate tonight MAYBE WE CAN FOCUS ON ISSUES.. NOT SOCIAL ITEMS THAT DON'T MATTER
Did you run/walk today?
omg i didnt mean it in tht way srry tht i made u mad i wuz joking around wit u
We prefer long and in-depth articles so it totally works! Come to think about it, we want to make us cupcakes too!
You are correct!!
#Vegas always makes me look good with clutch casino comps. #ballin!
I'm in a confused mess of sadness, anxiety and excitement. Leaving for Rome in 12 hours.
this has the makings of awesomeness
nope.. it sucks.. lolz... but i aint missin another tour... What grade r u in???
nothing like seeing a Kentucky State Policeman in my rear view mirror on my ass- glad those lights weren't on and
Have been in real estate for the past 5 years after I left the lending world. Good to hear from you! Let's grab coffee soon!
I'm stuck in the Marquette bubble.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places. ~ Henny Youngman
-- Actress Farrah Fawcett, star of TV's "Charlie's Angels," has died after a battle with cancer, her representative says.
Tune in now 10P-12A every Sunday its X-EFFECT with .Playing all NEW MUSIC & LOCAL BANDS. 702-791-1075 REQUESTS ?
Haha my bad bro I'm not always on this.
Vitamin B12 deficiency is a cause of #dementia. It is advisable to take B vitamins to prevent #Alzheimer's and support the cognitive health.
Black %riday is in one week I can't wait!!!!
Thanks for the latest newsletter. You rock!
I got my iPad(;
Lesnar is in Miami, Rock/Cena, Punk/Jericho, Bryan/Sheamus... #Wrestlemania is going to be epic. Never been this excited for a WWE PPV
Ok but I got suspended today and the school got my phone
awesome, thanks!
Listening to Clair de Lune while writing my papers is da best
who said u had too! We ain't even cool lol
whats up stranger?
She got my stuck between my fantasy and what Is real.
That was scary.
You're welcome, ! Thanks for coming! I'm about to tweet the slideshow link, btw :)
Today's hash tag is #nomorenain. Who is joining us today?
Cuz ima b the one that bring it to u
so happy for you!
Moved quickly onto sex talk
#Apple presenter just called G4 era users "old timey." no. 68000's are old timey.
It really just depends how transparent you want the students' work to be. Could be privacy issues there.
sometimes I wanna RT the F outta you
the #ruski's take care of me #привет!
I've heard great things! I'm seeing the show next weekend!
I was actually going to reply back to u ... but thanks for deleting it ahha ...
RT : Disaster Project meeting to support 90 families in Leuk Derk district, Kandal province that were affected by the...
I figured it was for the Farmers Market; guess not if it's going to be sidewalk. Will find some place else for the pups...
why do they look like?!?
Early morning in the airport... Farewell NOLA. Back to DC...
My dick belongs in your mouth.
Omg Yes You Need To !
rock why did you leave wwe ?
you are a reflection of who you surround yourself with...so be sure to make an effort to surround yourself with good hearted positive people
I've been thoroughly enjoying using the word "swag" when asking place for door prizes.
You're welcome! Those cookies look delicious :)
thanks to all who came to Smalls yesterday, nice to see a packed house & so many of my students. keep coming!
So impressive to be sitting a few feet from Charlotte Gainsbourg, listening to her in such a small, intimate setting. Thanks SIFF!
can u follow my best friend she really wants to be a famous singer.
is fresh out of L.A. and back home to Chicago - you can find us rocking our asses off at House of Blues tonight.
🍻 cheers to that.
big love back to rotterdam!
did you know barley is one of the the best natural fiber foods?
Best of luck to all our entrepreneur friends at Startup Weekend Omaha!
ha will do!
your not kidding.
RT if you're going to the Elite 8 comedy competition at tonight!
right hand u bout to get money & left hand u bout to lose some money “: Hurry !!!! Which hand means money when itching twitter !!!
Always say your prayers on good days & bad.
#DirectionersLaughLikeNiall wanna trend? Tweet me or #DirectionersLaughLikeNiall and we will both follow you!
Would love to know the amount of planning that #CBS has to go through in order to cover an event like
Conch baby, conch.
only thing worse than not knowing how to act in a situation , is knowing that one action could be the one that fucks everything up .
Of course can remember EVERYTHING because that's how he is.
and , we love you, but this year, it's about the positive and the
her #tl Not Moving At All TweetsBy
Congrats on your new baby boy. I've been a mommy about 5 months now. It's a great feeling. Best wishes to you both. (:
follow me back?☺
I think a person can make a strong argument that since early christians thought abortion was wrong after the point of life1/2
Had a great time praising God in Spanish & ushering in the New Year at Destiny Church with the praise team from Casa De Gracia Iglesia.
Cozette likes THE CAT WHO #books for her #fridayreads!
Brackets busting left and right, truly Madness in March
I like making fun of people.
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 11
Clicked it and peeped it. Nice moves Scotty!!! SHAKE IT UP
I love those glow lwp.great pickup
or rather, it shouldn't. I can't tweet everything else I have to say about it. It's counting down my characters.
“: My new phone is so awesome. #bejealous!” whatd you get?
I dnt got time for dis today I got things to do!! Ugh
Are you interested in covering the 2012 Oregon Wine Awards on Mar 24 in PDX?
Is "architected" a word?
Damn...that made me laugh! He IS a fine dresser!
How are things going. The video is over 2 million views that is awesome:)
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
u watch episode one of nikita yet?
Already. That happened fast!
Yes! Email us at .
Its bottom line is sobering: if the account is true, it is history's hinge. Period. If not, it is history's hoax. – Max Lucado
What Kinda Of Stuffed Animal Do You Like.?<3
Thanks for sharing your thoughts! I knew there would be strong opinions on both sides of the issue.
This is why I'm ALWAYS in my room.
but since I'm making it maximum 10 then I can give it a 10 but ur right it's off the scales !
You can't help but smile during that dance by , & !!!!
Good luck to the tonight against Charlotte. Stop by the booth to sign up for the championship ring raffle!
baby eagle pies, my oh my, baby eagle thighs in the sky, why are all the baby eagles ties so dope? thesilktie.com
Overheard "how are things going " to which he responded "Uppidy and to the right!"
I'm so tired of feeling confused...
Hating life right now! #sleepdeprived I hope was a blast.
When I got on twitter this morning my text is smaller...help!
thanks! and we'd love to do a house show out there sometime if anyone wanted to set something up
Libya troops launch assault on rebel holdout Misrata...www.tncnews.com (world)
To the new local women college player followers who's interested in playing in our 1st tournament to help promote awareness & fundraising?
We accept responsibility rather than blame others by acknowledging our own needs, desires, expectations, value or thougohts. Cynthia Harris
no worries! I can only imagine how much you have going on right now! It'll be neat to see what John can do with his business n SM
So many things runnin thru my mind rite now
For a week we go into the studio and record my first song!
So sorry for your loss.
The sound my stomach just made should be put into national geographic...
Lol. They gone think he's the Anti-Christ.
The Militant would like to, but he may or may not have dated outside his unspecified race.
Congratulations! What a fun opportunity. Enjoy!
Whatever it takes.
My lovely new followers!
Come on man.
ooowwwwww! Hell yah :) knew you had it in you :D
Oh! I could've thought of that! haha I'm so dumb!
": Don't panic * Rick Ross voice *"
Ames Hotel announcement coming on up...
Ibaka has been great on Bynum in these final minutes... outstanding defense from that young man.
Both Kenny lol : So sucking a sucker in the club means you give good head right? Am I right or am I a perv?
“We owe respect to the living. To the dead we owe only truth.” - Voltaire
Lost my keys at the soccer field and someone found them. Phew! Heading downtown now
I cry because I'm too contained to speak my thoughts...there's a feeling I get when I know no one will listen & understand.
I'm a terrible ninja, a worse comedian which makes me the worst ninja comedian ever.
Austin says he would "consider" dating a fan… i need to realize that i wouldnt even be "considered" so i should just give up on that dream..
Aww, shucks. Thank you, Rosie. You inspire me. You're pretty amazing, Lady.
Raven Symone what?
i got the crazy vocals .......chuckle
lemme get my B.O.B and I can truthfully say both!
you're amazing! Now I have to really produce it!
Unemployment dropped to its lowest level in two years as hiring continued to increase beyond expectations in March. Spread the optimism!
I'm having fun pulling out my pop-soul chops, refracting"Vision of Love" and "Rolling in the Deep" thru my voice.
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo visit facebook when your browser is already on facebook
OMG look at you. Thats awesome. Im jealous.
Technology is not a strong point for Dr Kazi. Tonight he cursed at his new digital glucose meter. It was adorable. He is in his 80's btw.
for sure!
Good sex +rain = good ass sleep n the morning after pill
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 1, 2012 Spam texts hit 4.5 billion, raising consumer ire Gillian Brockell got so fed up with unso
Make projects can be frustrating. can I get under the table?
Goodnight y'all. Austin is by far 1 of the friendliest most sociable cities I have visited. I'm eager to meet more of you fine folks.
My kids are easy to impress: cream of mushroom over ground meat w/ noodles make me "the best cook in the world."
thanks for the RT, friends!!!
Interesting to see doing a major promotion for a #boxing match. #hatfields and
Hello to you! Thank you for the follow!
When in combination what they can cause the body to produce less insulin and finally making it go into a prediabetes stage
There's this person in my life, perpetual victim- makes me nuts- so I post here instead of responding to her on FB - so I'm not the assassin
really? He kind of a douche. I really don't get it! And not only that he's proved it!
Erika Wennerstrom sounds more badass every time I hear her growl. *swoon*
I go to bed fully clothed and I wake up naked. I think undresses me in the middle of the night
Oh, I'm so glad you enjoyed Body & Soul! :D Thanks for taking the time to write about it.
Watching SERPICO with Al Pacino. I love watching old movies that show the city from way, way back in the day. :)
Great talk last night!
Ohh no, someone broke your trust in the past?
Hey Denver Browns Fans, what are some of your big goals for 2012?
Females lie more they just li better and know how to make tears appear.
what size u wear first?
We're at #CES in Las Vegas. Lets meet! Digital / Entertainment Marketing / Product Placements / Brand Extensions with Music Artists.
ahaha I know :') but I'm back now!!
He who trusts in his riches will fall, but the righteous will flourish...Proverbs 11:28 - NKJV.
For $2 a Star, a Retailer Gets 5-Star Reviews
I need some motivation to read this damn book
In the studio with ! It's dangerous in here!
So very glad to hear the good news! Tacos or otherwise. :o)
Yes but which ones... hm coll dev-do we need 2 start thinking about adding apps to bibliographies or catalogs?
you didnt mean that
Ford is riding sky high in terms of consumer perception, according to a market research firm that tracks how Americans view cosumer brands.
double-checking all around :D
I hate valentines day.
Way to GO
hehe not today though :-(
poker is like sex: sometimes you have to use the stop-and-go to avoiding busting early.
I was never a Boy Scout but, that didn't stop me from wearing a decorative sash with a cute outfit on the weekends.
Thanks for the tip. Off to find it online.
Bettie Page dresses-brand new $39.99. Also have slightly used Sarut tables/chairs-very cute for patio or kids room-patterns to mix/match.
we could belong that.
Brendan Fraser.
ahh so good to see you too :))) and hahahaha love the picture!
Why can't you just tell me. This chase isnt fun anymore..
I just frightened a possum.
Got confirmation on my #phish tix today for the Zoo Amp show!
No female soccer player has a better head on her shoulders than Abby Wambach
Ed, I was hoping you would close with "Hero." I can't think of anyone else who could capture Enrique's soulful passion.
Word to the wise: When in LA and someone asks you what television shows you watch don't respond "I don't watch TV." Conversation dies.
haha nothing happened I was bored and wanted to see what you would say haha thanks for caring(:
Thanks to all that came out tonight! Was a great show and a great crowd! We love you all your the best!
hmm, how's the knee? Are you thinking about sprinting it?
Alicia Keys was scheduled for Etta, they adding Jennifer Hudson for Whitney
Yes u can(: ur part of the lyrics is"you never need to carry more than you can hold"pics r due 2day but u can turn it in tmrw(:
JK love you :))
Thanks for the follow, Frida's! Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
hahaha who knows? We've been around! Welcome aboard :)
World full of fakes Smh
Merry Christmas everyone!
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't - you're right. -Henry Ford
high school for girls swimming sectional finals #go orioles
Over/Under: 22 home runs for Blue Jays 3B Brett Lawrie
is at the LAKER game!
We are working long and hard to protect you...
: "Dude just hit 5 free throws and a bank shot from half court to win a new" -and tix r an acceptable prize 4 us???
because we expected more from them and its hard for most to life up to other's standard. Ur avatar makes me smile! Thank u!
and ideas? and ideals?
Why not? We could be twins :)
I'll take it, anything to stay away from this place!
how was your day?
RT : awesome prizes, thanks for being so generous!
Thank you for the shout out Rob! :)
he had some stuff he didnt take care of
Soon?! It took about 5 minutes to realize that my productivity would be at about 3% today. Oh, and every day after...
My heart sank when I read the news that MCA passed. Rest In Peace Adam Yauch
Yeah. This is the longest I've ever been quit. I have an electronic one that I have not used. No nicotine since 2/14.
Day two in the studio! :)
The US was formed 87 years ago based on belief in equality. We’re at war & come to honor those who died for their county. We’re not worthy.
lmfao.. yes. sorry): aha. Collin aint here though. aha
RHINO SAUSAGE - Ray William Johnson Video
Sucka ^.^ RT my mom took it away cuz I came home late /:
That's the beauty of music! I just saw him in SF and he/it was *AMAZING*.
Did you know that a cow can produce about 40 glasses of milk each day?
San Marcos City Hall calendar
Thanks! You gonna be playing our game? ;-)
I love being me, it makes the right people mad, and the right people happy. Plus, I never have to worry about hiding my true identity, I'M …
Taking blackout curtain and paint measurements for what is to become our "home theater" , aka Cave Didgeridoo Boy, this afternoon.
I miss home so much it hurts...
If you DM me your e-mail addy, I can send you link to CMPD website and instructions on how to use.
If you are reading this, please have Jo bring Gabby to the podium with her. Nica Hults does it for her siblings all the time.
"I ship the blue screen"
The People vs. George Lucas is on Netflix instant. Check it out, and then if you need cleansing, I have the original theatrical versions.
truth it's almost been a whole year
CNN you all are not real new why don't you get it together and try just Little to be real news like the the and only FOX NEWS
- now, can you teach me how to use iTunes? I feel so dumb!!
as time passes the reason for your anger will fade
That moment where your like ''oh thats how that feel's'' O.o
Thinking about cheating or skipping #gym? Look in mirror, do u like what u see? Decide based on that!
thanks man, but only because we have GREAT fans and a GREAT city like KC that has our backs!!
Enjoying a carton of chocolate milk...because I'm a 6 year old.
In Hartford for National Guard send off ceremony. Their mission will focus on growing agriculture in Afghanistan.
#808Pride god wanted us to b happy so dont be mad when he breaks up with u cause its just means ur 1step closer to :P
In love with the name "Tyler". Such a cute and beautiful name :)
hey beautiful hope you have a great weekend :)
Finally gonna eat something today! Still so much to freaking do...gotta keep telling myself I'm almost there.
Miss y'all.
RT if you've ever been personally victimized by this joke
Yup! Just rocked three sets of 10 jerks on the 24's and three sets of 10 snatches each arm on the 24! Stronger. Faster.
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!" - Dr Strangelove (1964)
With a gong! RT : Can't believe thinks and I are quiet in the office. We may have noisiest office in the UN!
"Dance your own rhythm." -Terrence Taps
et al. Thank you for an inspiring weekend.
any more stories in the making? lol looking forward to them
Completely agree with the international community of #ELTchat. It's amazing. I wish I could go to #TESOLfr!
then you should have stayed.
I did my taxes today, widened my eyes at the amount I owe, and lifted my glass to "roads 'n shit."
#Langerhans emerges an oxen amongst a gaggle of geese.
Brand is not a logo
Whatever it is you're doing, you can do it! [hugs]
Also, we're in the semi finals of the Winter X Hard Rock band contest thing. Come out Feb 2 to the Hard Rock Pgh and go mental for us.
People sayin "they" should eliminate the dunk contest are crazy. I'll watch dunk contest, on any level, at anytime
Tez is in. Edgar's next!
Thankyou! Great program.
Thanks to all new followers ! ,,,,
Aww you welcome hun..& thanks i try you gotta stay different out here.:)
Hey, atleast Rondo didn't heave the ball at the referees head. Imagine how bad that would've looked..
My county has decided to stop handing out "I voted" stickers. So I'm going to have to make my own!
Let me be clear, it was just a coincidence that the U.S. soccer team started to struggle every time Barack was mentioned on the broadcast.
i dont know if i should stick with him or not. hmm, i think i kinda should :)
That's awesome!! Thank you so much for the love!! Happy New Year!!! 
Beginning to think knowledge access will be driven by boys with the biggest toys.
I luv u guys!
Doesnt want to go to work today
Don't let stress drive your day. Enjoy it as it is.
Recorded memories need to be shared, make their way out into the world. --Guha Shankar, American Folklife Center
Curious, I completed your web form 2 weeks ago & haven't heard back. Would like to speak to one of your EST sales peeps Friday
It's about that time. Goodnight Twitter fam.
College Humor shoot!
hey man. hows school
Congrats CJ!!!! Hoping Adam waits awhile before giving John his signature handshake.
wer.. I'm talking about a special follower.♡
no I'm the one who messed up on my stuff sorry about that lol
come u did that
sounds like u hurt Shapiro w/ ur words on Colins fancast. He was upset last night & had a twitter feud about t/ personal attacks
Sheila E. is still fine.
What was it like kissing ??? 
All I know about the #hungergames is i got trashed and teen homicide is about to fuckin skyrocket!
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy .Gary Oldman goes straight to Oscar 2012. Does anyone this hashtag?
Ohio State cheerleaders really need to stop saying "let's go Ohio"!
I'm chill though.
ohh.. i bet the stomach dropped.
Still debating about keeping the prayer group and may have to write a DM.. Just want to do God's will.
Thanks so much for participating! We're already excited for next time!
Rimshot RT : It takes a good man to make a good move and cut Goodman.
Grouplove is the drunk girl who opens her mouth and you indulge her for a minute hoping she will shut up soon. and she never shuts up.
Responsive web design is meeting your users halfway. —
Any single friends willing to relocate? LOL Losing hope on MKE men. Good thing about my business: movable.
Living in Doral is like being in solitary confinement.
you block me cause I like tree of life?
as soon as I know some dates I'll let you know.
Maybe u can call n sik and bring it bak to da crib and get all dis dik and even tho we let it go its better if u no I still got it for ya:)
If you can text faster than you think than
Breen to Clyde "I can't believe we're talking about this" as boo re:
I fucking hate being single shit!!!!!!!!
Working helping guest plan there amazing vacation aboard Norwegian cruise line!
haha I just ordered my first pair recently and they are really cute!!!
@ mine too!
Watch out #cville big time speed trap on 250 by mcintire
I saw photos of Yaya DeCosta with her natural blown out and it was so glorious. It made me want to hold on to my length.
It's scientifically proven that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gangbangs
josh got to 1,000 followers! get on that ustream! i havent seen you in a while. ;-)
Twitter=Thinking Out Loud
First actual meal since Tuesday.
good you ?
And all shall be well...
have u regret any of your tattoos? lol. about 6months after i got it, i started wishin i didnt get it, but i like it now lol
So I just sunk my iPhone in the toilet #fail but it seems to be working okay so far!!
how big u trying to get? What you at now?
buncha sore hoosiers. Uk fans never treat iu fans that way in Rupp. Dont let the door hit ya i say lol!!
I'm gonna try to go to bed even though I'm not tired cus I have to b up at 7 to got to school
Or, scream...really loud.
no prob n cn we exchange numbers doe
All over my mouth
Snagajob uses the trust index to measure its culture
OMMMGG! when did you start to follow him then he did ?
hanging at retreat tonight
Check out SOM announcements page for the complete listing of Professional Enrichment Seminars!
Thanks, Lamont. We are indeed in dangerous times with this ultra-conservative movement that is dominating the right.
#Google Plus or Mark Zuckerberg: who needs an idea? i've got a big, new invention for social media. i need to tell someone abt this. 122011
grateful to all of your profession who help us see the path and make better nutrition choices.
one side of me is happy that someone is making him happy but then bABE
you boys better be good this weekend. or else.
Santorum convinced me to give $ to Obama, even though I don't love O and I think he has it in the bag anyway.
Fabulous suggestions and beautiful photos :) Thanks for sharing!
murder? ring ring!
And wipe off don't count as a bath and no matter how much you cover it up you still stink so if u wash ur ass one time a day you still nasty
omg, i have an 80. :'c my mom is so angry
except for when it eventually destroys your kidneys
Interesting. The hwy is completely clear in Issaquah and up thru Snoqualmie, but Bellevue sucks. Is Seattle even worse?
aww you're gonna be alone? I'm sorry ;(
Our very feminine female tour manager Cecilia just got called "sir" at a toll booth in Oklahoma.
Leveled out at FL410. Asshole pax bitched about rough climb. Me: "Pls Sit down and strap in. Mother Nature has a bigger dick.". LMAO to me
Great Library Space: The Final Frontier event at Rice!
Looking forward to joining and Susan Magsaman on to talk about play! Tune in at 12noon. 88.1 FM
Whoa MT : Bad news: you're falling, nothing to hang on to, no parachute. Good news: there's no ground ~ Chogyam Trungpa
Happy New Year to you. I hope that 2012 is filled with joy and success with Ruckus!
I will only use a water fountain if I'm dying of dehydration
Looks like #Prelinger collection has had >25 million downloads (not counting bogus figs or millions of YouTube mirrors)
THANK YOU BELLA for the follow!! Best to you this weekend!
Coney: idea of #privacy as a cultural norm began in the US in the 1800s, but Nazi experience drove Europe to enshrine rights into law
I swear I've seen them at Walmart within the last year or so!
Thanks! RT : -- Just clicked the "Like" button!
so how was the Beard Off? Was Jesus there?
I also use the app Tweetlist on my iPhone.. it is a great app for organizing lists
Thanks for following us We're excited to share news and updates with you!
You're welcome - hope to see you at Late Night Rose next season!
I love Justin bieber
phew. following people is hard work. :P can't wait til friday when y'all tell me who to follow... :)
you love it
., you can ask last night's sax player what he's up to when he's not on stage! :)
DeMarco Murray time ......yes
Good Morning... what a gloomy morning in Hawaii Nei. Woke up to scattered showers.
Dang this myspace ish is confusing. LadyDuet[dot]com
I love how people refuse to pull your finger like we aren't going to fart regardless.
started compiling demos for a new record. or two. lots of demos. not much time.
thanks for following us back! Send us the link to your blog so we can check it out!
Breathe into your now.
Did really well on my oral exam for portuguese!
Look on the bright side Bonds, at least you'll be home for Christmas. Zing!
yay what is it?
Just finished our daily SCRUM, what are you up to?
would unfollow me than follow me again -.- Butthole. I didn't even unfollow you!
i saw it for 150 miles across the river!!!!
it's awn... RT : save the date: THATCamp Bay Area Oct 22-23, hosted by Google. big thx to
Sarah & Christina are amazing! Love the french toast too! Thanks Casey!
I saw at Feist. She must know good music! ;)
looking nice! Can't wait.
chickn crossed the dark road, but didnt make it b/c of wolves, but there are no wolves in Hawaii - something doesnt add up !
Woohoo! Done with everything. Now, just gotta wait half an hour for the bus.
when the times is hard,i'll be around imma hold it down
Loved the review, especially your take on Effie. (I'm just a big, random fan in general).
thanks for adding us to your non mainstream media list! Quite nice to be associated with everyone on there.
When people say they want a love like Johnny & June, Noah & Allie, etc. Come on y'all. I want 1 of my very own, 1 God created just for me.
I like it! When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
OK, that makes so much more sense! But still, he's gotta chill. lol
I'm not your pal, guy. I'm not your guy, buddy. I'm not your buddy, friend.
Im sure we have crossed path. I was on Myspace in its hey day...lol...
Redoing our indiegogo page now. Get ready for a vastly improved campaign browsing experience.
Oof. Bright Eyes meets Mumford and Sons isn't a great idea for a band
ight now good night ima hit the hay for tonite
So sorry Coach....You are in my thoughts!!!!!
what it really shows is how much they value M. Gamel, to trade for another 3B type? BTW, McGehee could move to 1B w/Beck also
Again: Students will not receive COF stipends or state need-based financial aid
Hey the tattoo convention is here at the Cincinnati Hyatt
happy birthday !
I Wish could follow me if he did I would Never ever forget this I would get a BIG SHEET OF PAPER AND JUST WRITE IT♥
see ya soon
Game two gonna be interesting as hell though. I'm sure they gon' go to the drawing board and come back a lot better.
Best calfs in this world wow
Keep in mind when you drive a smart everyone is watching you-I feel like everyone is watching me-they smile quite a bit too.
is she showin u around
Happy Father's Day!
3 of his four goals in 2011 were scored on a set play (corner, throw in, free kick)
Bye Fries! Hope we get to see you over the holidays.
they do. he told me. & it wouldnt surprise me if they suck eachother off every night
so excited!
word lemme know what you think
Mobile Me ceases to exist, mail contacts and calendar is now free.
Bring on the global warming baby! Yeeaah!! Feels awesome outside!
: Interesting that you pose this as a question. I would have expected a command--punctuated with a period.
Story of my life. Why can't our brains have a shut off button? RT can't sleep
Did I miss an offer????
Finally home
$220,000,000 for ten years. Sounds good to me!
R.I.P. Portland Trailblazers.
: I'm not offended. Its my greatest frustration not being able to get cost benefit analysis of most t ...
Come see us tomorrow night at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street! 10pm-2am! Come have a drink and sing with us! =)
its an automated tweet
God gives you everything you want, it's up to you to keep and maintain it, otherwise it slips through your fingers...
you're gonna make me want to play it again lol
The moon was so cool tonight so close and so bright
the tupler splint is ok but she won't do returns if it doesn't work for you. I'm looking into a good one to recommend...
My room is so messy, stupid tornado.
I think somebody is gonna get stropped dropped and rolled
Wtf... Has Southcenter Mall always been two stories?
chew , chew , chew .
Don't hate. Always congratulate! Your turn is coming!
thanks for the Retweet! good luck!
Google Changes Forcing Internet Marketers To Ditch The Tricks and Return To ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
and I will be forever laughing my butt off.
3 days left to support TIBP! Help us raise $1000. Only 50% of our followers need to donate $10 each. Visit www.imaginebusproject.org
So welcome Paul! You did a great job!!! Cheers
Senior dance major Seanice will be on tonight at 9:00, "The Future of Black History." Tell us what you think!
“: I can count my tru friends on one hand” Yes. Me too. And it doesn't take all my fingers either. smh
I called john jim what a mistake
did you know?An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.
Draw something with me!
OMG to men in uniform, any uniform ;-)
Best hurry though as it lasts “for a limited time only
Forever getting yelled at by my mom for the dumbest reasons..
I was gonna get stuff done today, buy I guess I'll just fight with Drupal instead.
please say more. What is this about 53% Black Wealth?
We, at , will plant more plants!
no matter how bad my depression is, im hoping can cheer me up. (:
If you're in love with two people, pick the second. Because, if you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
Ima quit with & for the night...yall better behave in class tomorrow too lmao
Heat again? Check. Best early birthday present ever! Thanks !
My dietary habits over the past 2 days have not been swell.
5 days until until #WordPress ignition. Lots to do in the meantime!
the support is appreciated!!!
Just got the Nov/Dec issue of in the office. It looks so good.
we will have to soon hit me up sometime
RT Jeffrey Toobin on CNN re health care: 'Based on what we've seen today, I think this law is in grave, grave trouble.'
First BIG game in Memorial Stadium, Ohio vs Nebraska ...GO BIG RED!
95 minutes until BLTs for dinner, Second City at Center Stage and game 3 of the NLCS!
The Search Agency Expands to San Francisco; Opens New Office between Financial and Soma Districts
#ICriedWhen my dad stop talking to be for 3 days because if then mess i got my self into..
Just received a box of #Rogue beers from What great friends I have!
those lights remind me of the ones at The Good News Cafe in Woodbury, CT - they have parallel circuits like that too
Joe Hart, the manchester city goalkeeper misses scoring a header in the final second by a whisker. What a game ! Sporting Lisbon go through.
naw i am not going
Soo guhh my breath smell like a pamper
I'm just giving up on you ...
lmao. how r u friend?
We (time Warner cable) are hiring 2 instructional designers. Must have MA. DM me for details.
amazed at how technology has changed the world
What's the matter?
I hate when I b pissed someone ain't text me back when in reality my phone ain't send the shit.
Thursday night jam is on-hold for a bit. CD release parties soon. Sign up for email updates at blueolives.com.
I second that motion.
Reminder to all: the statutory public hearing on the Superintendent's proposed budget is Thursday at 6:30 pm at MPS Central Services.
I miss you too! one week from today! Hang in there!
Marble Size hail in The Highlands.
#thethingsbradlysays I need 2 hurry up n eat this checkers burger and this five guys so i can have a couple slices of pizza
HA! I can see that!
Don't forget, Romney got TWO graduate degrees there in FOUR years with two small kids!!!
I'll cut it for you.
Still laughing at 'White Boy Rips it at the Apollo' on youtube top comment: 'We need Black Boy Rips it at the K Club'
If Bach were still alive my gigue from cello suite three would blow his powdered wig off
Meeting with school & mom tomorrow !
Conference game tonight. Good Luck Lady Bears:)
Who's out in the parks today?? Whatcha doing? Where ya going?
indianapolis museum, they used a non-head tracker with seated user before a painting in museum and had poor accuracy
person on facebook: default? me: no, you look fat.
Rented a house in Kennesaw. The previous renter had passed out on the lawn and the neighbors loved to tell me the story.
you gonna e there tomorrow night?
Home Page uniques are good but you want your site traffic growing through other sources to grow new users
Done locked my niggah up!! Free Joe!
Join the Genuine Girlfriends of New York City at the She's the FIRST brunch this saturday!
May the 4th be with you.😊
Greatest name ever.
's new song "Paradise" belongs @ the end of a movie set at #Christmastime in #NYC when the main char. finally kiss in the snow.
Crazy talk--After Thanksgiving isn't too early
If I was Anthony Kedis, I'd be dead already. You're welcome.
I didn't I'm always here to make ur life a living hell. U can always count on me!
Watching the Gay Fish episode from South Park never gets old
good point. Wife said same thing. Very wise, you are.
Could've been me-recently diagnosed epileptic, tough to work. Going back to school full time instead (& taking a marketing class)
Light it up for a niggga
Don't forget - the big sale is HERE! Stop by TKG today for the greatest deals on earth!
i look up too yalll! keep it up and #TGOD!
at least i wipe my but after i poop unlike your dog..
ew. you back for the show?
That package that says "Easy to open" but you end up using a scissors, a knife, a gun & a light saber to open it..
try by swallowing your saliva. almost like a big gulp. that should help
totally agree. I'm ALL for education, but...easier said than done.
that's much better! Love you too! And oh thanks, I think its called a tassel... At least that's what Lucas said its called.
We won best charity with attitude for the Best of ABQ! Come out to Burts Sat. night and celebrate with us!
“: Kitten shopping is the best! #rescue " Wait.....is there something I should know? haha
and so glad you do! great to catch part of your talk yesterday here in full springbreak mode!
love Sinatra though, used it a few times now, sweet spot of only worrying about the details I want to, no more no less
Greatly anticipatng Leadership Modesto tomorrow: "Land Use & Planning."
As well it should. We are fierce!
If #redistricting is legislative domain then the focus must turn to legislative races. Are you happy with ur Delegate District?
pissin me off
well, the features I'm most interested in all exist in the Fire. For me, they are comparable.
Daniel Cohen of Case Western Reserve U, Ph.D. History from Brandeis, speaking now.
Thanks for adding us to your "Top Tweeps" list.
I'm with ya on this. I'm glad that Neal Adams is active, but I won't endorse (buy) this.
"I promise you, the president has a big stick" - Joe Biden
Philip Rivers cried at Kris Dielman retirement press conference ... all good quarterbacks love linemen
Keep Bynum away from the reporters.
trying to figure out how to make the borders of the Belleville Breviary into an awesome tattoo
thanks ya very much
“: When you're feeling at your lowest, raise your hands to God the highest.”
It's funny how you think your a musician but you can even keep a tempo?
Just found your parish, may we send you some beautiful bookmarks to give to parishioners?
That was a pretty ballsy mid-season finale, . I approve.
'It's very important for the youth to be aware of where they came&how they arrived here today. 'Dr. Jean Bailey, Chair of the
Today I've heard: Can I have one skim cappuccino? Answer I got: we only have non- fat and regular!
How can you not love Holland?
Happy holidays and a very Merry Christmas to everyone.
internet :D
Real Madrid defeats Barcelona in the Copa Del Rey on a beautiful header by Ronaldo.
im like ur biggest fan..PLZZZZZZZZZZZZ FOLLOW ME...I LUV U SO MUCH
True! Their selection of angles on the issue of #OpenAccess was predictable, and the shallow framing leaves more Q than A.
oh wow sweden.
well look at you all factually active lol, but that is interesting!!
750,000 #children on this planet are sex slaves.
Follow please
What is wrong with the Chargers?On paper very talented, but just doesnt translate on the field time for new coach?
Why is it that people are able to get their 5th OWI? They should not be on the roads!
'' You don't seem like the person to litter, I know I just started recently! ''
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Critical need to turn page on traditional perceptions. Need to stop doing what is making us afraid. Take action
☆ "Never lose hope in anyway." ☆
Skip Bayless is already at LaGuardia to pick up Tebow. He can wait...
Been day drunk for a long time, eating two burgers in a bathtub, one with ketchup, one with mustard
that's reward enough.
Huntington beach is legit. I'm a while away from there though. Where you work?
Hey New Mexican, nice to tweet-meet you!
Thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love, voce e muito bella
great:( RT : FDA says very low levels of radiation have turned up in milk sample from WA state but consumers shouldnt worry -AP
Big day for awards. #TonyAward nominations and winners are announced. Which will get more online news coverage?
RT : If Kentucky wins, the NCAA has already scheduled to go ahead and vacate this game in 2016.
For therapeutic massage in Las Vegas follow
Good morning!!
Ben Marcus is leading a creative writing workshop/talk for senior citizens tomorrow
MICHAEL JACKSON HANDPRINTS ARE IN NOW AT GRAUMANS CHINESE THEATERS .. GO SEE THEM
smh. These tweets!
Happy Birthday! :)
What? You're not supposed to bring presents!
I thought people's mid-life crisis came in at 40-50, mine's about 20 years too early! Haha.
RT I didn't see Hunger Games over the weekend, but I did go to Chipotle with a crossbow. Free burrito bowl!
Gonna be at spill Tonight think I'm gonna get my #PartyRock out I play at 10
yeh I'm so fucking bored
depending on how many in your party and availability where do you prefer to go.
Wait Frank was wearing that WWF hoodie in 2008
when was the last time he did one,like last month right????
Astute observation! Next round starts at 1EST, then closing plenary on paradigm shifts in science/academia, & DataONE
Blowing up voxer!!!
He's meeting my parents... Oh gosh I think I'm more nervous than he is.
How is it that millions of years of human evolution have failed to weed out the village idiot?
Happy Birthday to composer Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach! (son of Johann Sebastian Bach)
seriously! In all the time I've had twitter and spazzed I have never been jailed but now its twice!
Movie was str8
There is a bird singing outside my window. He may only know 3 notes, but he's not ashamed to share his music, repeatedly!
Damn he fucking slow
Welcome to #CreativeGood. Any questions, give us a shout. Best, Jeff cc
does anybody every feel like they took bong hit when they didn't take a bong hit?.....
Glad ya like it! RT : checked your music out, definitely gained a fan.
This is tweet 1525!!
RT : On our way to my sons surgery appointment. Send him your good thoughts and prayers. <<- on there way bro!
im in that fan club! Ive never seen you there lol
*high five*
thanks love!! Can't wait for you to come😘😘😘
right, anecdotes versus survey data not equal
- Umm . . . how else (grammatically) would Apple suggest that this will be the "year of" the iPad2? Seems pretty clear 2 me.
I already miss
I'm thankful for extra whitening toothpaste that also offers tarter protection AND fights cavities.
that guy is a freakin joke. He shouldn't be able to give an opinion since he is biased. What a douche
Such a cute picture! Glad you had a fab time! <3
We would really like the heat to work consistently in the office. Bre is bundled like an Eskimo.
Be patient, have faith and work towards what you desire.
I liked Cain 6mos ago, first time I heard him speek, and that goes down hill each time he speeks after that
Great interactive and productive workshop today. How to Ahh-Luminate Your Marketing Message was a hit!
gotta love those red eye flights for some last minute sight seeing!
Thanks to our amazing sponsor tonight and guest host
Danica will be promoting Coke Zero for Coca-Cola. Promos will start this month.
I took my dad's 70-year-old Longine watch in for repair and now they follow me everywhere on the web. Poe, not Poo, Corner.
i wonder who missed me
or Blake Collins is not ready for college.
I really feel in love with the song #SAYSOMETHIN .. Thanks for an awesome song!!!!!!
“If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn't follow. I'd be at the bottom to catch them when they fall.”
Carmen: It says long-lasting but I don't trust wrappers!
sunday brunch in the makings at Hoegger Dairy home kitchen...yum
When people younger than me make smart ass comments, I want to punch them so hard.
Ok I'm baffled by this one. Someone just told me I look like 50 cent???....
#retweet #follow for
Dang! Most cliche crime Americans fear did happen: cruise passengers on tour bus held up at gunpoint in Mexico. Hard country to sell.
Or are you to lazy to even figure out what the job is first?
Can you point me to any success stories or positive impacts of the DC bag fee?
Good Luck to Everyone Running the South Shore Half Marathon! Special love to my Wild Peeps out there.
tweetdeck makes it easy
We may have just found another new species of ant on Broadway in Manhattan.... Confirming ID.
Um, yeah, looks nothing like you... {hehehe}
Going to the gym to get ready for the Stein Hoisting competition...
Have to think the NRA planned their annual meeting in St. Louis this year to see Pietrangelo in playoff action.
Lol. Not funny. Have a good day. Im thinkin about you as well. I love you too. :)
lol not mad..
You know it's going to be expensive when the parking meter takes credit cards!
I know it all pretty much lol
You need to be aware of what others are doing, applaud their efforts, acknowledge their successes, and encourage them in their pur
we don't do that in America... try Canada.
all I know is I have to be there at 920 lol
tomorrow night!
RT : film disrupted "we can't mess with nature" by having nature mess with itself
We want 2 thank all of our supporters & everyone whom has bought in to our vision for a unified, progressive & prosperous Memphis!
maybe thats bc cable/satellite service is becoming more expensive than internet service?
Miss you too bro! Hope you're doing well!
I hate reading Romeo and Juliet , it makes me jealous of Juliet..
thanks for all these good suggestions.
girl, you are making waves wherever you go! thank u for spreading the #libraryEVEYWHERE love!!
AP is not worth AP's money. No RB is.
RT : Whitney had a impact on everyone <3
I know! :D hehe
I'd give my life to the American people, but I would never die for a country that kept Black & Brown people enslaved for 500 years.
where you move to?
looking forward to running into you!
One week away from the biggest specials we've ever offered!! We wanna see everyone May 19th!!
When is #spring coming back. No more rain in Chicago.
Yeah. Now he's going to be good and pissed. I'm really going to miss you guys.
Tesla to release Model S early US electric car manufacturer Telsa Motors is set to release its new 'Model S' a month earlier than
HA Ha STreeT beaUty EntErtainment is the best female entertainment in Houston Texas
mother nature is on her
&& I think I really like who I'm becoming, there's times I might do it, just to do it , like its nothing .
Hangover every saturday morning? Lol No worries! We have the cure ;) $20 Bottomless Drafts Saturday Night PLUS $3 Shots! Clic
Been trying to book travel w all day & still getting errors. Giving up and looking for a diff carrier. What is with this day?
Save mine since I just called you!
LOVE our Troops!
"The dog is the only animal that has seen his god." - Author Unknown
FML it's getting hot & I'm wearing UGG's
i want to be noticed by again :( i think she forgot about me
Every girl has 3 guys in her life: the one that she loves, she hates, and she can't live without. In the end, they're all the SAME guy!
HanCOCK:a rearticulation of the uncivilized Black Buck
"In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks." John Muir, born on this day in 1838
That awkward moment when you see the same exact tweet from yesterday on your timeline again today from another page.
Creative Commons reminds me of Dietary Laws. You can eat the chicken, but not something else and you still have to buy the chicken.
Tribute To You is my favorite song for this year!
You only get #oneshot for fame #makeitcount we did.
treasure everything good, trash everything bad =)) fckem!
HELL YEA! the saints better get there asses in gear now.
Punch the clock now back hm in his arms til 10
Did you cry when Madea went to jail? I did.
A splash of Hawaiian Punch (yes, kids Hawaiian Punch) takes your mimosa to a whole new level. You're welcome.
If playing sans #morals is the only way 2 level the playing field, do u really wanna b in the #game?
I find it odd that the machines at Seton Hospital charge $1.50 for a soda and $2.00 for water. Promoting healthy what?
Just be glad it wasn't Zsa Zsa.
Tent City @ #RIT! Getting ready for the
For more info., u can go to our site- www.3sgiants.com. Thanks everyone! :) Our group, Elby Brass, CD- www.elbybrass.com/music! :)
Hi comrades . . . . I really miss all you guys, sorry I was recently very busy in preparation for exams in June next.
Cant wait to meet at the show May 5th!
Tonite was great, but I had to minister thru a broken heart when I found out about Whitney. Prayin for her fam and her sister Cece winans.
being retweeted is very validating.
Embarrassed to report that I'm NAPPING before my 3-mile walk with family!
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Sexually Frustrated
Re: Weird creepy folks...Lol! This cracks me up!
Putting Portland on our back. Let's help the underprivileged and give our youth a good foundation to grow and expand on.
Hung out last night at the Center Club...made some new friends..renovation looks awesome!!
have no idea wasted lol
This is a very cool thing that you doing! General Aviation is so important to this country. Tks!
This is FACT and I'm a big DC Comics guy...“: “: Marvel > DC (no contest)” <- Agree!”
Going to Romeos
Eating Rice Krispies and watching novelas con mi mami!
I can't message you back cause you aren't following me :)
hahaha. Maybe you should have hooked up sabertooth crack whore when you had the chance.
Shout out to new followers.
Got Thornton Wilder's "The Matchmaker"? It made it to B'way as "Hello, Dolly!"
PARTY PARTY PARTY TONIGHT YOU BETTER BYOB THOUGH LOL "ABC PARTY" DRESS CODE STRICTLY ENFORCED!!! 314 THE HEIGHTS!!
Keep your dreams in sight at all times, dont let the 9-5 jack your sh*t.
Summary Box: 1 in 2 grads jobless or underemployed
Jamminnnn out to #BOYFRIEND at work
I NEED U TO DANCE ON THE BUS IN MIAMI AT KING OF DIAMONDS HIT ME UP
Will do! Cheers!
Watching #The Wiz.. throwback to Diana & Michael..
Why wasn't Kelly a better option to play 3rd tonight than Inge, wait i'll answer that- because Leyland is a jackhole.
OMG! They look amazing!
Please tell David to relax and breathe. Have a rockin' Friday!
I am going to enjoy my Friday
good nite bay give my kids a kiss for me
Da fuck? why is it when I ask for the right thing,they give me the wrong thing..
the bulls aren't a 1 seed w/o rose? so I'm guessing the spurs were still a 1 seed w manu w 1 elbow & Tim w a bad ankle & mem was a true 8?
Holy shit that criminal minds was too intense for my liking
just rain overnight in atlanta, snow in chattavegas?
Ooh the back handed birthday greeting. Well played Demy.
It is what it is...that's life- charge it to the game
Bloomberg vs Google wrt big data: Bloomberg returns "crafted answers" not just crawled pages
...Or, use photos avail online: search for 'public domain' pictures which you can use free.
Gem from AMA: "this is your sister-in-law ;) when are you coming to visit us? and what is the most irritating thing annie does?"
So many people in Bradley County don't have homes any more. They need all of our prayers and help.
I'm glad this series is over now Bynum can focus on getting rid of all that grey hair ... Michael Oher ass nigga man ...
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.
Glittered cleavage at beer booth makes us happy.
Oh, Nick Montana. You can only get better from here. We feel your pain too.
just caught her crotch on fire and I enjoyed. 2 bowls down
About to go run errands and junk.. Three more papers to write before 1:15 tomorrow.
RT YEAH!!! RT : Sarah Palin needs to just smoke a big joint and shut up!
Oh, is THAT what you did on that black and white? I was like, "Damn, how do they look so good when I didn't do anything??"
Late nite kfc then work in a.m.
love your show
Yemen President reiterates to stay in power until 2013
Reading Annie Proulx. Makes me want to go back to Montana!
Which of our Choices includes warming and cooling products that provide pain relief?
Thanks for stopping by. The HM is a staff favorite!
CBRE earns renewal of 3 million-sq.-ft. outsourcing contract with Lexmark
yeah we have two seasons here. Winter and road construction. Lol
Hope the fair was a success this weekend! We'd love to volunteer/sponsor next year's. Let us know how we can help.
i REALLY miss somebody right now. These next 3 months are gonna be tough
