Andrew Toyota salutes All of America's Veterans past present and future. Happy Veterans Day !!! Thank you all for your service !!
Fuck love I'm tired of tryin
You play fantasy Dylan? NFL or NCAA too?
Where are y'all at? I'm heading out of work now
BROTHA ON DA RUN, WENT FROM BRAIDS TO A CEASAR, CUZ STREETS GAVE US BOTH A REALLY BAD DEMEANOR
I dont want people to say sorry i want them to understand .
Getting my hair cut and colored. Got to find ways to keep changes in my life!
RT : Looking for a Drupal expert for contract work. Must be from Reno/Tahoe/Carson areas. Please submit resumes and...
Listening to Edgar Meyer's Violin Concerto.
There is a inverse relationship to the number of pins on #Pinterest and the number of words I have written on the book.
the stones- one person holds the bowl, another holds a towel- using children at the stations would be very nice too!
Lovin our new space. So cozy with you.
#teamnosleep tweet here watched rush hour and the lovely Ms.Rowley is here :)
music & typing this paper
aw no :( i hate spiders!
aw ok then
Glad to hear it And thanks for the #FF. Which Sunbelt Snack is your fave?
favorite player to play against?
Love is what makes you smile when you're tired.
Just rode the air-bike for 30 minutes; can't wait to get back to LA for hard core workouts!!
Sophomores: Damn I hate this place. Fuck school. Fuck teachers. Fuck everyone this isn't fun anymore.
roasted broccoli? Recipe? Sounds delish :)
i dont have enough shorts lol i need a shock collar everytime i buy another shirt lol
yeah (: but its too long D:
Sunny & warm outside, jazz in the background, Prolog compiler on my screen, good coffee, finding patterns in data at
Thank you!
Beer—not just for humans? In the 1800s, doctors dipped leeches in beer before applying them to patients. It made them more likely to attach!
i just unfollowed massive people.
Bud light lime time
I leave DC on the 3:00 AM Bus ... Arrgghhhh I hope I can at least get decent kung pao chicken there...
I miss you guys too! How are things at ? Lovely as always? Tell everyone hi for me tonight!
today thou art my nemesis.
Good, requiring more parking for more drinking is perverse incentive MT StP mulls new parking rules for bars and restaurants
Does anyone remember my million dollar idea?
Nanotube variations affect transistor performance Improvements could be made with better growth and purification processes
My twin is hurting and I can feel it...felt it since yesterday.
Left my earbud headphones at home. The day is ruined.
Yhu TOO BUBBLY
Glad to hear you are excited for Substrata Fest!
Whole body is soar from workouts
Shooting 4x5 film now. So excited!!
I am a forum JUNKIE! I would love to particpate in a new Avon forum! Heck, I would help with domain costs!
thanks Ed!
#tmbadq Is work considered a road win?
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing "you're fucked" as he passed was just rude
The goofy Obama bio from the Harvard Law Review was concocted by someone who was into diversity and multiculturalism. The facts don't count.
Caps Bruins game 7. It's not on basic cable
ESPN is currently showing a ProFILE: 60 about Aaron Rodgers. It's very interesting.
Can any UK Beliebers send me a link of Justins interview about Jerry?Please!
amen to that.
Shit happens, just flush the damn toilet and move on (eww lol)
Checking it out now! RT : #bareplus looks FAB! launches a lingerie site dedicated to #lingerie for curvy women.
Go Bears - wish me luck watching the game with a bunch of Stanford fans
hahaha that's fav one I think
Injecting my mind with word needles.
Write Fenty In on November 2 to continue 4 years of progress for DC schools
upload the one we took at the restaurant :)
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe It’s a whole lot easier to fail than I expected.
Lack of activity destroys the good condition of every human being, while movement and methodical physical exercise save it and preserve it.
Come on down Lynn. We're ready and waiting.
Act your age, not your shoe size.
Tips For Finding Great Jewelry For Any Situation | affiliateshopping
We'll be covering the basics of Wordpress for small business & debunking myths that it's just for blogs at tonight's CAKE: cakepdx…
Did u c the #HungerGames this weekend? Thoughts? -
Congrats! (Bummer about not having a life).
Applying for renewal of passport here at philippine embassy Los angeles..during interview 1 of the employees are chavidding..lol!!xoxo
trust me it was lol steak hoagie n large cheese fries #all gone
Waitng in line to get my wristband to see !
mountain poling!!!!!!!!
"Sorry but advanced stats mean nothing just a bunch of random numbers that make no sense. The real numbers lie in the direct stats"
YMCMB = You May Call Me Bieber ;)
I love you
Must be in the south now. ATLiens on the drive to 's crib in JoJa!
“: good morning y'all !”Morning lil sis
“: Its a solo cup saturday my friends” where is lauren when I need her??
Reading Love and Shame and Love, by Peter Orner. Characteristically awesome.
i need an idea for what my cody shirt should say. should i make it say "What The Simpson." like my name?
was looking flawless last night ! Wait .. She always does !
Went to a very cool event - partnership b/w SD Opera & Fleet Science Center: Whales Imax film w/ talk from scientist & Opera re: Moby Dick
Mr. Sabster is doing good! He's gonna make it. And the vet tech that said I had to euthanize him is in BIG trouble!!!
but I'm lazy
#iWillNeverTrust anyone but myself
YUM! I sure do love those shakes. ha!
Bonehead play by Lamb. Unbelieveable!
Indiana's 11th District American Legion: home to the nation's only college post; the state's only women's post & police post.
Thanks for the follow back! Check out our design blog and forum, www.wearelux.com
The equivalent for the Royals is buried in the fourth division somewhere. Incompetence has a price.
Still talking shit..!
observation on packers game #2: announcers' constant praise of a. rodge is already on par with their constant beatification of favre.
Buster, you need a better pic... Looks like a tarantula is crawling up your back!
Who won the Ice Rayz Intern thingy? Also, what did 3rd place get you? A free season pass for next year? 50 free shuck-a-pucks?
Joined the challenge Earth Day: Space Data for the Planet. #spaceapps_mia,
Super-hero me day! 4 loads laundry. Workout w/trainer. Admin work @ home (billing, bills, busy season stats). Nails. New shoes! 4/1! Yea!
": who does his S/C?" I think he's with for this one.
let's go all the below!
mn i done had a headache all day
RT - I love me some good : Get hype #BBN I'll be calling in second hour today with a very special new verse
take cover and you are in my thoughts, stay safe!
Before Facebook, I never realized so many people had birthdays...
they don't come right out and say so, but... (I'm just kidding)
Spencer you're the best and... i love you <3
RT : So excited for what God is going to do at all of our campuses today!
Well that put a downer on my day...
ew haha, how'd you get it off?
same cant complain
RT Is that a Bo Ryan/Jordan Taylor press conference? RT : Watching Dumb and Dumber..
sure thing! Do you have a URL?
Later Night Snack Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookies, 4 Cookies (So effing good!) Seriously though, you should give 'em a try!
I'm not only the Get A Job! book author, I'm also a client! Looking for a new career opportunity in online marketing in Atlanta.
Please don't forget me,bro...I love you <3
Thinking about changing my username. i like bella but still...
Excellent. Looking forward to
im tired but i cant goo to sleep wtf
We're from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! In the USA!
Dude, what if I cry during "One Shining Moment" ?
Thanks for the follow Rich!
You knew Man united was going to make it tense on City...
it upsets me that you're still awake.
...Teague, Lamb, MKG, couple left of the Davis-UNC block, Harrow and Wiltjer
no. Lol no. We never went back and forth. U beat me 1 tyme at my house when eye had freakin Penn state! U never beat oregon
haha my dad did
cool. but im with my dad
no pressure on no nigga baby #knwdhat #teambreezy bitches
News4 is letting handle the story & show video of it RT:“: are you on the super moon beat tonight?”
live-tweeting the #grammys since 2012 (until I get bored)
Sign on tractor: Revolution can begin with agriculture.
been listening all fucking day!
I forgive you
Yes I just brought in a dozen cupcakes and no I'm not going to offer you any
A few of us were last night for Bjarke Ingels of BIG. What an inspirational lecture!
when am i going to see you again?!? I miss hanging out at the pool/hot tub with you &
You must get good at one of two things;planting in the spring or begging in the fall. Jim Rohn
Thanks! You, too.
Oh, then offer accepted.
They call me snookie cause iLook Like you and im like You <3 Your My Hero !!
Yup, I totally agree and I don't think you can do any better than that (without the wrath of ***** coming down).
oh never mind sorry
4 down 12 to go...that is all. gonna get some much needed sleep
I hope did not ruin the ending for u.... Sometime #twitter sucks like that...
": I need something to do today" discrete math homework?
Have you tried our new Versa Spa UV-free booth yet?! If you haven't stop by (but make sure you stay dry tonight)!!
I'm new to this twitter business.
Don't be afraid of problems..They trigger disruption. Marketing must seek out problems looking for solutions, not the other way around.
RT Today shooting all day long and night, work, work, work!!!
YESS SARAH TOO
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet don't exist. Feet ain't pretty. Ain't nothing about feet pretty.
New word: Smarttarded - when you do something so stupid, it's actually brilliant.
I have tickets already, they start at 105 and go up to like 400 I think
It was nice to meet you! Thanks so much for coming in. I really appreciate the support! I'll be by your spot soon
we should really start putting #women up on a pedestal,just high enough so we can look up her dress..
yea I won tickets to meet him and the cast from percy Jackson and premiere tickets
Biggest basket of the year courtesy of the BIg Ticket KG #celtics - Another ecting ending in LA
nothing news. where are u from dan? ;))
Happy International Women's Day!
Radio edit for Come Undone is in the works!!!
"Nobody gives you power. You just take it."-
set your goals, see the bigger picture!
OH: "Smell my fingers"
thanks for your partnership and support!
Greek Dollar Night This Friday At Abe & Jakes: Girls Are Free, Guys $3 Cover Strict Dress Code KU IDs DM Me For More Details
It's sad how many people have a garage but are unable to park their car in it because it's filled with accumulated 'stuff'
Good job! I spent $300 at Marshalls, though some was for The Kid.
volunteers helping out this morning after a large apartment fire displaced many people in Schaumburg
want some tips on how to give award winning performances? what do YOU want to know most about acting? post your questions here:
Bella ripped the carpet up trying to escape out of one of our bedrooms. =( I hope I can fix it! I wish I had hardwood floors!
Hey Steph. Welcome to Twitter! Don't believe everything you read here. Twitter is the epitome of a bad rumor mill ;)
Do you have mixes up anywhere?
SAME OMG
First night home in my own bed in what seems like forever. I think the studio is probably happy I've gone home for a night...
This lil nigga done fucked off another dvd player
This Sat... headed to the city that doesn't sleep - Accessories Show!
Listen to our own Jim Burleson tomorrow at 8 with and on Coyote 102.5 for the Man Panel!
Listening to one black guy explain The Hunger Games to another black guy is hilarious. There's a lot of "OH shieeettt!" going on here.
I was more interested in the possibilities that emerged from within the constraint of the five-word sentence!
To get Instagram or not to get Instagram.. that is the question
wolf. you are sucha #hater. i sure you said the same thing about & and
I am the omen
Blending. amature vs pro
isnt huck seed looking incredibly distraught every time the cameras are on him??
Great young talent and especially loved the Spring Awakening music stripped down by Tim Brickle. Gorgeous setting and lights.
Actually, the recipient of my unfounded confrontation was super cool about it. Some people never cease to amaze me! :)
awww I MISS YOU :'( I guess we have to stay here and die of being board in class -____-
You have made that very clear! You got 2 weeks with her!
TODAY is the day you can win a ClearChart 2 Digital Acuity System! Stop by #VisionExpo booth MS 6713, see our great products and register.
Right now is the most nervous/excited I will be about a sporting event this entire year
my daily trip into downtown Ruidoso NM for some cyber-mechanics...the quiet is deafening......the deer are staring at me with big brown eyes
RT : Pray that our dear Lord strengthen the prayer warriors who stand in the gap for others' problems
I'm done, peace-peace, oh and...
Getting ready in the morning to "living in the moment" is perfect in every way.
last day? Where ya headed?
thank you. Chill and relax are scheduled for June lol
dealing with how important PATCO's strike was in labor's decline. What about structural issues?
wishing that guy the best of luck
No NBC Sports Network aspect to it?
I've been to Washington Island a few times. A college friend's family has property there. Nice place.
Top real estate agent escapes penalty for website 'error' - New Zealand Herald
Don't ever question that my heart beats only for you.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
"Genius" is the word you're looking for. RT Getting an education on Slade from & Not sure what to say.
Grilling steak on charcoal for lunch is like having a nooner with your grill.
yes. Yes you can(:
havent seen yet, I like buster from arrested development in it...
You told me you wanted to read it when I was at your house last week... You even liked my status
Great meeting with this morning for our project- watch for an article soon!
If you have a stickam account then you can click on the side cams! (if there's an available spot)
has the best empanadas and coffee around!
Really liked the oreo. Delicious!
OMG tell me about it haha. Im good thanks we need to hang out i see you like once a year literally :)
Wondering; will #Obama be finding a way to squeeze Biden out to run Hillary in the VP spot? There's talk he's plotting it.
Best of luck to the finalists tonight
I so would if I had the money
I meant PDF Annotator for taking notes
if they're Sopranos fans, Halsey St near the Hahnes bldg. They filmed episode there. (& they can get cupcakes at Art Kitchen)
damn. i love the hammer.
Trying to keep up with garlIc mustard pulling, stopping the invasion!
just applied! very excited! perhaps i will be on the #brewcrew . is there a confirmation? i dont seem to be getting one
I can't believe I only got two hours of sleep before working dispatch...blah
Thanks for the follow Jessica! Sending you a big hug and looking forwarding to sharing tweets across SoCAL : )
me too!
#meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life.Paying all that money for a concert is to much,& I'm just hoping I win.x
Everybody please RT: This SATURDAY is the big food drive! Let's all help out !!!
In the basement again another tornado
When I'm done she hold me like a conversation ~ Weezy baby
what a lazy #sunday :l
We're delighted to announce as a sponsor of #THATCamp Games!
No seriously, why is it impossible to find an actual, physical calendar in a store?!
Hey what's up with the G+ integration? Big announcement made in Nov 2011 but still nothing 7 months later
you might as well guess a Tardis
alright alright alright
The Wrecking Crew by Kent Hartman, about the crack team of musicians behind many of the great records of the 60s. Read it!
Will we ever see a season without inter-league play?
Well not here. But m! RT : I'm surprised no one has opened a ramen sports bar. I would be a patron.
Good Luck Charlie (:
Not snowing in NV by the lake yet but I can smell it....
Meet 's character IRL tonight! MT Tonight - Union South! , author of ''. 7.30pm!
Ravens sign QB Curtis Painter - ESPN
is covering for staff who are at #naeh12 conference to learn more about ending family homelessness.
I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
"Darkness imprisoning me. All that I see; Absolute Horror. I cannot live; I cannot die." From the song, "1" by Metallica
Ran into Danny Ainge at Haircuts Limited..The man's a big tipper, 15 bucks!
I'm not sure how to impress you so I hope being myself is good enough.
Let's resay that..fast forward to when gets his diploma!
Susan Parker: Our libraries' success depends on how well we work with our faculty and student researchers. Amen!
23 secret service or military personnel implicated in hooker scandal. Even though it was legal in Columbia, make better decisions!
Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
Wegman yields a Mickey Tettleton single, but nothing else in the bottom of the 2nd. Brewers lead 1-0.
I wish i could be there. Im still working the night hours right now :P
All You Do Is Lie So What Am I To Believe. -GoodnIghtt
just did!(:
When Selma's done eating food, she always talks about how she misses it.
At Olde Orchard Restaurant with mom!(: Hope it's good.
Ah.. Dont you just LOVE the feeling when you have to pee for so long & then you finally get to :-D
Please Follow Me If You Can Ari, I'll Keep Supporting You Even If You Don't Follow (: xx Love You :*
OH MY GOD. THIS IS STARTING TO HAPPEN LIKE THE BOOKS SAID
Mila, this is Yegor Kuznetsov - I'm back in the CRM space!
So glad you had a great time!! Thanks for the support!
I think I'm going to enter a martial arts tournament this year...probably get my ass handed to me but who knows
It doesn't get much better than days like today on the beach.
Wow . Okay "in too white"
Hey guys! Guess what? I just startED my couch to 5k training. Past tense. W00t
I hate UVerse -.-
Did you know? You can pay your State of Illinois taxes with a credit or debit card? Visit www.payILtax.com.
Peyton to the Broncos. Crap.
I think the lord is telling me something
Spot on.
Even good opinions are worth very little unless we hold them in the broad, intelligent, and spacious way.
I got your postcard in the mail today Thank you! See you in Baltimore in July. BTW, RU planning any campaign events in DC?
whats good did yall win today?
So there's a flower district?? I must go there!
Did we mention how great of a success the launch of 'Free Your Mind' was?! Stay Tuned...there's more to come.
4th quarter Eli doin what he does
the soundtrack to that movie is awesome!!!
haha! so so true.
u and Michael, A-TEAM all the way!! xo
You're going to have a great time!! : signed up for orientation can't believe I'm finally ready for college
I am a #fontsnob too
I know I'm a media dork but I gotta say that the new graphic package on looks pretty tight.
RT : The infamous on stage talking about CoffeeScript.
Ready for some fun? Miracle Theater Group to Offer Free Dazon Class. Free eight week session starts Feb. 14. RSVP
Just finished Semper Audacia by - great story!
Cry me a river, please. I'm sure they'll live through the hits
how adorable girl :-)
thanks homie. Baseball soon!
Jay Sean - 2012
We pour all of our energy and time into other people and into accumulating things in hopes that happiness (sustainable) will flow from them
Scrivener is possibly the best thing ever for writing.
we are reminded of the importance that we each have our own health home. Do you know yours?
Thanks for the RT Miller
I want a McDonald's shamrock shake right now
chillin in the studio with my nigga finna get it in
Reading 52 part4. (Animal man's kid about Starfire) She's like ET ...but with Double D's
Thank you for following, we appreciate it.
Blueprint Raises $15.9 Million in Growth Capital - SYS-CON Media (press release)
was rubbing my eyes all day today!! :/
It's actually pretty good.
yell at my school :(
The shop will be down for a few days! Sorry for the inconvinience!
hope you had a great Monday!
Coming to The Monthly Hour hosted by at 9pm tonight? Password "I miss you, Rick Santorum" gets you $5 tix!
Markets up, I love things up! Getting serious about making money this week, lets see what's going on.
Oh you retweeted You must be a great comedian...
I would consider a really nice apartment in north beach, but those don't come along often...
San Diego. We are going out for andys bros graduation from the marines and to see some of my family in palm springs
I dont get why in tv shows/movies ppl with super strength feel the need 2 go OVER the bus? Even with super strength its faster 2go around...
and then sometimes I just wanna lie all day with him . . but im STILL mad ! lol
sounds like fun (: & awe i kno i miss last summer! You should come!!! Jakx & kika are coming :)
Definitely! Ben's events are great. I attend as many as I can.
Sunglasses? Where have you gone?
In the past I used to tout how smart was for their #UI until the new skin rolled out and all I see now are dresses as suggestions.
I don't understand the point in being "low key" wtf is the point?
I don't think there's ever a day when there isn't a trend is about One Direction, or can be related to them.
I don't just talk about having a future with someone unless I really want to include them in it.
"No, you are out of order...the whole courtroom is out of order"
You become what you resist. Whatever you resists persists in life and uses up your energy in struggle.
currently getting my Ombre hair on !!!! ... ( ; I'll put pics up latahhhh!
KINGS ARE UP 3-0 FOR THE 3RD FREAKING SERIES IN A ROW!!!!! HOLY SHIT U GUYS!!!!!!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. RT
you can't leave it otherwise. Such delicious smelling soaps. Nearly went bankrupt in there but worth it.
the promo code should be on the link.
U r uninformed. #alQaeda founder Abdullah Azzam, #Hamas founder Ahmed Yassin, & leaders of are all fr Brotherhood.
Ever since removed the KSR from his handle he has become a little more prolific tweeter.
At the bowling alley. Holla!
yeah just temporarily. Missed you on new years eve. Our first apart in years :(
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful Wednesday! I adore you!
Take me back, amazing what a minute can do.
Today at skool was fun!!!!!!!!!.....first a lunch,then class room,and to finish the day we won a party.
Time for me to write on a chalkboard 100 times about not making certain kinds of analogies.... mea culpa. :-(
I wanna see Ed Sheeran live
aw mad ur too cute <33333333333333333333
Happy Birthday Ray Ray!!!! How does it feel to be 15?
I swear man I hate males.
Has inspired me to look into intentionally multiracial running groups/races. If anyone knows of these in NC- share! Access to these spac ...
Looking forward to more info on coffee and reduced depression in women
Talking about greensboro makes me more upset about moving there!
seems overly permissive- I don't get to opt out of understanding lesson plans etc. Deciding base competency is harder but needed
by who
I WANT TO ADD YOU ON FACEBOOK: Add me Brittany Nicole Loveland
i cant imagine anyone buying your album.
Real niggas do real things
haha I had my twitter since 09'. It's not alot compared to other people that have like 10,000 Lol
Didn't work for Holmgren either
the stars. they burn. some even fall to the earth.
Trying to figure out Twitter
Work = done. Workout = yet to come.
mike she's mine man!
we understand :) can't wait for the new stuff!
hahahahah yes you are seeing my sugar rants then !! i am doing better going back on my healthy diet :) :) how is acting going? :)
IT'S WORK TIME BUT I DO NOT HAVE THE CASE OF THE MONDAY'S YAAAAAAAYAAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAYYAYA
you are so amazing and your voice gives me the chills! (in a good way!) I am just completely in awe of you! X)
RT : . 100 word blog posts-the "twitterfication" of blogs. the reader can read it in 1 to 2 mins
Hey , we're loving your radio ads on ! :-) Keep up the great marketing!
#secretservicepickuplines how'd you like to put a black man in the oval office?
It's fat free, right? Just say yes.
Listening to Lights On by The Pierces makes me miss because of the time we played it in front of her dad.
Nice. They just ran a Hulk Hogan Flyers promo on the big screen RT : I was just thinking it was WWE on Ice.
You twitter banging on me! Ha! I contribute to both of their beauty!
I suppose that was already taken :)
It's 8:30 & I'm sleepy
You're welcome!:) Yeah, so I'm just trying to get a guy's perspective... So there's this guy, who I use to talk to me like
at least be honest with us. This represents a massive shift in Jagex ideology and you gloss over it in the news post. Deplorable.
what Mr. Potato head???
Checked out some bands at tonight. It was pretty cool!
Many politicians and citizens argue that this reform is essential to address the problems present in the current immigration policy
After working on a Mac for so long, I feel lost working on a PC... I can't wait to get my new computer!!!!!
The rain has got to stop!!!
Just wrapped up a busy day,now it #happyhour! Yay!
swag swag swag on u :)
bout to get this Monday started w/ good pussy good shower good blunt.. & just shit MY LIFE
"Omg, band nerd are so lame!" "Bitch, I used to be one of those..."
#Reasons2GetAPorchBeatDown you're on someone else's porch
Whoa. That is the most ridiculous thing I've read today. Also, public $ spent on monitoring software? There's better uses.
It always seems like I wake up after being a DD knowing more about some people than I would like.
happy open heart day.
The quiet words of the wise are more effective Than the ranting of a king of fools. -Solomon
use TweetDeck, it has the ability to notify for just about anything.
My car says it is 96 F in Orlando! #astd #astd2011 bring your sun block!!
my last tweet.. what.
Miss you! And I will <3 !! “: I am jelalous! Have a big chi town dog and Milwaukee's best for me!! <3”
please tell me happy birthday before you deactivate it);
My prescription pain killers are getting me through this week
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Who comes first? #Lakers (hands down)
Finished meal 5 'bout an hour ago, 6 oz tilapia & raw organic spinach! I'm hungry again, really hungry! Ugh!
King Tutankhamen was wrapped in 17 cloths
Happy Valentine's Day!!! We hope you have sweet day!!
we've definitely encountered this before, incredibly insightful.
Stay tuned! Be sure to "like" on Facebook.
My recent trip to driving range taught me one thing, when I drive, call "shankapotomus!"
We offer everything from Auto Body Repair to Auto Mechanical Repair and Routine Car Maintenance to Auto Glass Repair.
Reducing bills is always good, we are following!
it only means that many people around u loves u.. Because like me im also making puyat to make bati sainyo heheh.
You can't be in a relationship still single....
Can a locked-down Google Site replace your internal wiki? Internal documentation? I'm beginning to think the answer is yes!
"Fuck you, bitch, fuck you." Lol, gets my motor running.
RT : FYI, you do not have to be of African descent to be labeled "colored".
it's sad so many people need the chance to learn understand and do better w/There company's or laid off need to start one
That's 'cause they're following Gingrich's advice about putting kids to work. Good for them!
Never forget JAZZN.
Help her out, people! #summerinternship RT : Does anyone live in Chicago?
Falling asleep in your regular clothes> putting on pajamas
going thru hell to take care of my daughter and give her the best life I can?!?!
The greatest gift you can give this Christmas season is Jesus. No shopping, wrapping, or frenzy required!
HAHAHA why you hope so? LOL
It's gettin' hot in here (so what?)...so come and cool off with a mojito! Yum....
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 33
at BWI waiting 2 board the plane - can't wait 2 get home!
So I've been in three music videos
Congratulations and for your new #EmpireGirls Show on ! Weppa! Representa! So proud of both of you! :)
Global Experiences is excited to be at this year. We'll be holding down booth 430 in #Houston near
Wise words, BarlowBrewing. Wise words, indeed.
Really tired and trying desperately not to get sick.
midtown NYC. Good guess on Brooklyn. ;)
not yet I'm still shopping for a bike. Trek madone 4.5 vs cannondale carbon 6 what's a good road/race bike in the $2200 range?
Wrapping up Tango lessons and about to start S.I.N. Night at 10pm. Come join us for drinks!
Tell us, how do you use Marukan at home? The first 20 to comment are eligible to win this week's gift pack.
I meant dentist-ing
What is the name the brothers that wrote “Lift Every Voice and Sing” in 1900? For the answer visit www.americanlegacymag.com
Great job fair today from , Inc. Great value, informative, resourceful. Thanks!
RT First in flight, 30th in line at the ignorance trough.
I need more guy friends I used to have a lot
I just received your December newsletter-great recap of #upceamktg. I'm a Pittsburgh girl myself, so I loved Shelley's interview!
Yea, everything!
Sports bra, my gangster jordan shorts, & country music.
woot! RT : Woohoo! Thanks so much for this honor! We are excited to work with you!
sadly no none follow me:/
The hits keep on coming. Burning the midnight oil tonight.
Thinking of trading in my #ipad for a Cray computer...twitter and hootsuite #apps are failing me! #canyoureadthisnow?
I don't understand why you tweeted this. Do you disagree or find it funny? It's
“: NC...& loved every minute of you & going at it with the Duke v Carolina talk! Good memories;)” :-)
Vitale sent out to hurt someone after Flyers goal. Oh, what, he's just playing hockey? Oops...
ok, that part of the dream remains just a dream, despite your known love of fat bald men.
whats that iPad app website you use?
the first rule of Notional Secret Agreements is "you do not talk about ..."
Is that before or after Frakday?
This wk is National Teacher Appreciation Week. What makes the best teacher? Who was your favorite and why? RT & tell us!
Don't worry, more chances coming... in fact...
#bhlib has great links, brain teasers on Facebook
sale will end Monday morning 4/16. Of course you can have one! Which one do you like best?
Good morning folks!
I just earned the Rookie badge on #Yelp!
Whoever and whatever is meant to be in your life, WILL be in your, life....... Sooner or Later
I got one word for all the negative nancys out there.. DEUCES! cuz I'm not about all that!
Exactly! Someone can be the most gorgeous person in the world but be a complete jerk! Everyone's beautiful!(;<3
IS ANYONE CAMPING OUT IN MANCHESTER FOR BELIEVE TICKETS WHEN THEY GO ON SALE?
How many of you kids out there use #instagram Do you like it?
we'll see.
Another day of #MarchMadness...what madness will we see today?
I cant believe i lend my car to gp buy me hair spray Pft im trusting this whore!(:
Ain't that the truth.
stop right now, thank you very much...i need somebody with a human touch
"the elders of the internet...KNOW WHO I AM!?"
Happy monny's day, :)
I'll be back Thursday (;
YOU ARE MY HERO!!!! RT : Love waking up to business in Miami..aka saving my favorite realtor in the world life lol!
#49ers its their year
Can you see me Now!
for sure!!! See you there!
So, as a consumer, if you truly believe you should be able to buy a new vehicle below invoice think again
Aspirin, is there anything it can't do?
The last hour of the draft for the #Packers has been bedlam here in Green Bay
: #TEDxABQ is the place to be today! #abq I agree!
#Celtic Pops was terrific last night! Symphony sounded beautiful. #Indianapolis Children's Choir was glorious. Special!
Wow! What a fun 4-day weekend I had. Must do those more often.
Pythagoras~ Above all things reverence yourself.
So that hour?? Yeah, I want it back Universe.
You are welcome but We do believe this is very important applications and it should be used extensively & you are doing a good job
Relocating to Seattle, check out Marriott ExecuStay for short-term furnished housing in South Lake Union or Bellevue.
U are sexxy and fine!
I really hate it when an ex starts to look better than when we were together.
The epic mealtime guys look like they are already dead.
Have you heard of ? It's the best way to engage your customers & let them pay w/ their phones! You should join!
Shoutout to , his raps are good af, meow
doing -live- interviews for NBC, ABC, CBS this a.m. in tornado hit areas of Dallas Cty representing #WorldVision emergency response teams
It was my pleasure, thank you for having me! “: Had another marketing consultant Thank You for coming over tonight!”
#QuoteOfTheDay "Rosy, you remind me of Polly pocket" #DanielMusto agreed #Thanks!
Tron: Legacy... An absolute must see!!!!
Remember the day!!! Love and blessings to all who have passed and those left behind to carry on.
You'll never be able to find the right one if you don't let go of the wrong one ..
one project off for review, time for a fun one tonight - making mediawiki fit our authentication model
you nailed it! Thanks for the response! I would update another question if our Facebook would work! Thanks for the support!
oh so what's up(:
always leery of YouTube comments, but we'll check them out.
summer : D
Special #SHOUTOUTs to all my new followers, you rock.
in taiji japan. that was the end of the last post just posted.
sounds awesome :)
YES!!!!! Grey's Anatomy new season starts next Thursday with 2 hour premiere. Happy dance <-----------
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -William James
get rid of twitter too :) its for the best
I wouldn't usually put the two together lol! But it does now!
What matters is the speed in which you do each exercise
Woke up Hi so I had to smoke another, takin rips off the bong so big you'd think I was 6 ft under.
its about time Mr.Stern had you on !
I Want Some! RT : Getting these devil eggs together for dinner toma
dude! Nick just played me some of your music. It's really great man!
didn't feel like the South. Now it do
My Monday morning dose of envy goes to: RT heading to to sample some new schnecken flavors.
Today, I'm going to do all the things I love doing. Starting off with cleaning this apartment.
2011 was a year full of trials and tribulations. Let us pray 2012 will be a year full of blessings and love.
you can be my boo thaaang. ( ;
Where at on my #TL lol
ah...that's much better.
Ouhh, all day long sitting with my laptop. work, work, work ;)
If I get 200 followers I may tell everyone who my first concert was.
Christine Varney keynote at #SOTN -- IT policy: finding the answer for most of the people, most of the time.
Lost my first 8 lbs and I am becoming a health nut again! I love it!! Whooohooo
bought my Powerball ticket today. jackpot up to $200M. I can work with that.
MrM1ll3r: Someone take the controller off Newcastle, 3-0 first half whitewash
Tasted good though! His mom made tea sandwiches, best man & maid of honor rolled stuffed grape leaves. I warned guests just appetizers &cake
I consider oomf to be in college now.
Not hijacking if they've failed for 6 years to get anything done. They're leaving w/ no arena anyways, why not come to Seattle?!
This song goes out to my roommate..."LEAVE b*tch! Get out the room, get out the room, I said get out the room!" 😁
Good night everyone! I won't be on a lot tomorrow :(
heh, i understand. thanks for the info
If I had the money, I definitely would.
We killed our performance last night..thanks to all that showed us love! Music4life!
Shooting a video at Hamstead Hill Academy tonight at 6pm for Come get ur Zumba on!
Oh yeah I forgot to say... I GOT MY TICKETS. I can't wait to plan our wedding! :)
Thanks to and for saving me time of picking ideal interview transcription software for Mac. F5! Not ExpressScribe.
According to our research today, we don't appear to have been the 1st regional to top $100
Im so sleepy 😞 I miss my bed
I'm lazy !
Melted. My heart is now a liquid! #heschangingstatesofmatter & I'm in the science lab too much.
oh ok well we gone wait til yall get there to drink lol
So excited to finally be starting my master's program--Digital Journalism--through National University. Here we go!!
This Sucks ...
Congrats on the 2011 Virginia Sportswriter of the Year award.
Ball of Wax.
So our set tonight at @ at the stage got moved to 10:30pm . We will now be playing at 10:30 pm tonight .
So I think the girl I've been looking for stay in Va lol
all tied at 89 with 3 minutes left in the game
good morning
The road to wisdom is never ending. Stop off at playgrounds and dancefloors!
Fun! I love eating artichoke leaves! Lemon butter sounds good! My MIL makes a pimento vinegrette 4 them which is yummy!
Looked delish! Ur a great chef!!
Send it up!
ewh. i dont want to go to school tomarrow
Time to taste some wine! Errazuriz is a particular favorite for many.
SOUP! Tomato Bisque, Chicken Dumpling, Broc Cheddar, Squash w/ Roasted Red Pepper, French Onion AND! Reuben Soup w/ pumpernickel croutons!
lol I try
Oh no report cards are 2morrow:-( I think I did okay but I'm not 2 sure 4 social studies and/or reading. I'm so screwed :(
Creepy or Brilliant? Albert Einstein's #eyes were removed by his #ophthalmologist during the autopsy & later auctioned.
NOW: talks with about MeetUp
i am like so cracked out on this coffee that i didn't even realize my IPOD was playing hardstyle. umm wtf lmao!!!!!!!!!!
good luck
yeah he can but just not any time soon though. If he ever comes to 4thandb believe me you'll be the first one to know!!!
I've heard the banana pudding is amazing! I still haven't tried it!
RT : "If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been." Robert Brault
Thanks, Phillip! How have you been?
tee shirt time
"God didn’t create us to conform to other’s standards, but to stand out through our own God-given uniqueness"-Prov 31 devotion today
Everyone loves Brock Lesnar except Mr Main Event, I hope beats the smack out of him
Feel free to follow social media guru Rich Kruse at
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. Arthur C. Clarke
Lazy day? I think yes
Two more hours and one presentation to go until this semester of school is over thank god...
Missing all my Cali Peeps!!!
Happy Mothers Day! I love you mommy! FOREVER & ALWAYS! <3
Just don't have time twitter
I can't stop watching ur KEEKS they r so funny and u make me smile and laugh love u
thank you! :*
I don't understand how #FB is alive. I'm in a #hangoutonair and it's amazing!
Country playlist to get me through my last full day of #lawschool work. It's obvious where my head's at.
Coffee didn't brew. Wait for coffee = late for class.
March 29 I believe. If you sign up now, it's $85/month I think.
asking about an announcement before it's announced? That's a paddlin'.
Work is pissin me off. Gotta get to gym!!!
Awesome!! Pretty good tonight!!
Thursdays = Ladies Night at Grazie! Stop by and see us from 9-11PM and all the ladies drink for free!!
The horse of course. I don't anticipate you winning a race anytime soon.
I eventually loose everyone, its just a matter of time is all
I'm sorry to hear you are having issues with your account. Please follow and DM us the domain in question. ^CB
going to the tunderwolves game tom?
Friday I skipped most of school To hang out with crayvon and yesterday I had a doc appt. I'll be there tomorrow! I gotta catch up
Bout to fall asleep
Up 20 at the half. I'll take that. #BBN stand up!
I eat everything dang fatty
Funny funny LOL
Kristi Ehrig Burgess on analog video digitization project @ the Mingei - a jem of a museum in Balboa Park.
sure :D
received my ipad2 this morning and just finding time to sync with iTunes
why do people hate you? i love you.<3
she is eating
being a YouTube star isn't that easy!
Open air markett 😁 👍
Follow me then send a PM with your email and I'll send Google+ invites
oh okay I was like damn u have sex every damn day :P
professionals from the service industry are invited to join us (if possible) !
Jeff McDonald: If Chong could hear DEA agents outside, why couldn't they hear him? DEA hasn't answered yet.
will you be there tomorrow? Coming in with Mrs. for her birthday. Very excited.
mhm, they some nasty mother fuckersss . #ew well justin is..
great choice :D its such a great song... weird music video but you know:PP
Idea for a sticker: a Viking beating a big kettle drum at bow of a Longship. There is a border scroll that says "Longship Operator". -Jim
week, I mean days w/e not the coolest thing I've done in my spare time, but who cares, next tweet will be better
there are great teachers in charters...there are great TFA teachers. We need to fix the system in real ways...no magic bullets.
Ive done that. I was tossing and turning ALL NIGHT!!
Is Chip Kelly really going to the Bucs? #Pac12 is now up for grabs!
It's Basketball Time in Tennessee! Go Big Orange! Beat Pitt! (on ESPN at 5:15 pm ET)
The verdict is in, and Harlem rapper G. Dep will spend at least 15 years in prison. Tuesday (May 8) the 37-year-old got
lol alright I will still money from a hobo and take the plane flight tomorrow night!
thanks for the shout! Much appreciated ;)
Well, I'm a rebel!
I was about to say that Tiny Tchani's performance from the last few games was a complete turnaround, but no.
i cant wait til prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom
hey there. :)
You're so welcome! I can't wait to read your bestseller :)
is on the radio right now ...
Night night guys<3
During dismal economic times, it can be difficult to choose which nonprofit ... - Wilkes Barre Times-Leader
laughing and shaking my head on this side 'o the pond...
pray for my man , that's all I ask.
I am staring right at it. :-)
trying to get in touch with Lauren about partnering for a year. I'm with Revel IN- PDX/NYC- digital in sept. wanna talk?
Off to Hot Roxx! Come party with us!
Hey guys! Happy Saturday!
At market square!
Outward Bound Denver's Facebook Page is the way to stay connected!!
Always amazing how many insane people there are out there. Yikes!
Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.3254
My love is coming to see me:)
Well, guess all of people's preconceived notions are incorrect. I'm not socially useless..It's a good feeling.
good morning mi amor!
Torn. Watching perfect game from row 2 would have been memorable, but who wants to watch their home team get owned? Happy it was last night.
Tomorrow! Come out to the Sixth St Community Center @ 638 E.6th St @ 7pm to see the film NYU students made about Advocacy Day! Be there!
Saw some #Raider players at Morton"s Steakhouse at dinner last night. Those boys can eat...but can they play ball?? #boltup!
Just ate the biggest burger of my life... Feel like a beached whale.
exactly!! Good luck coming back against a full day of NFL games.
And that's how the cookie crumbles.
Disappointed to see Chris Brown on #DWTS. Especially when he's described as "phenomenal". Plan on inviting Mel Gibson next?
Man, that's what EVERYONE responded with! ("that's what she said") Hahahahahha
Last night was definitely one of those "I'm never drinking again" nights
Question: what is the picnic knoll??
Did you receive the message from Bishop Gene Robinson? We already know how the story ends, we WILL have full equality in all 50 states!
Can't blame him for ripping Drayton. He was a terrible owner the last 5 years.
production quality of Workahol is excellent
Terrible news about Derrick Rose, one player can change everything
Oh, how sweet ☺
Driving the back way home from city at 5 am is creepy. So dark and full of trees.
David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States kicks things off, welcoming us to the National Archives.
“Reading brings us unknown friends.” — Honoré de Balzac
RT : Yankees Yankees Yankees ... We r still # 1 ... Things happen. BX Stand up .. Let's go
We are managed by the best ! Follow him!
Mason pronounces "ouch" as "ass." This morning, I made him say, "Momma has a big ouch." Hilarity followed.
is getting his portfolio ready for job interviews.
If you follow me to learn about #WarholTC finds, don't forget to follow for more #Warhol goodness!
This dude has anger issues.
We're in!
Ah, so I see you are back, Mr. Hinchliffe.
Aw man, we were so close! We only needed 4 more to reach 200! Next goal... 500!!
Thanks! Good questions needing more rigorous answers. What are your thoughts?
After being denied my nerd-dom for several days, tomorrow is a #Diablo3 marathon for me. FINALLY. HOYVEN!
Performed with Jazz vipers last night @ spotted cat. Great crowd for Memorial Day eve. A real New Orleans joint.
Dear girl behind home plate, there's a net there.
idk what a snail would want with a broche.
I have to let go of you. It would've been great having you as part of my future, but now you are just a sad part of my past
Holy busy end of the week batman!! Cappin' it all off with my Unc's wedding on Saturday.
ATTENTION TO MY TWEETERVERSE!! If you are following me at digitalmaven, you should also add , , and , THANKS
So... waiting two hours for traffic to clear up (while doing homework), really didn't improve things one bit.
We are all about cultivating skill sharing in Pittsburgh! We should get together for some cross-state collaboration.
Lakers just ain't the same without Phil Jackson.
Saving the world/is how you are
Oh here's a trick. Everyone stop spamming the boyz -__- , only tweet them ONCE or TWICE & then maybe you'll get noticed.
Something #Laredo does is sell Avon!
"The Help" would have won more awards if Emma Stone's wig wasn't so bad.
I ended up in 2nd in the MGM Grand Challenge event # 7 today. Hate that spot, but didn't deserve better. I played bad heads up :(
so they knew it was missing and didn't correct it? What service!
Going to cover Sacred Craft at the Del Mar Fairgrounds. Love assignments like these.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
I definitely shouldn't be awake right now
I'm on the road to be what I'm destined to be and me... I'm destined for greatness
Do not promise to spend time with me and then abandon me. A word to the wise.
at least he is not a red!
Am I the only one that likes that All State- Mayheim dude?? He kills me lmbo
Everyone feels good about crushing McDonalds. But if you make Twitter so unfriendly to advertisers, who'll pay Twitter's bills?
I see you will be wearing #22. Good number. I like it.
": no their music is sexual!!!! Very freaky culture!!!!! Lol!!!"<~thatll keep u happy too! :-)
John Carlos is at the station now reminiscing about his visits to Trinidad with Caribbeana's Bryan Bernard!
didn't mean creeps or players...... just the whole generation of guys in genrnal. #yafeelme? hahaa
Sorry, I couldn't DM you about the drawing because you're not following me.
If you don't follow start doing so. Breaks #NFL news before the biggies.
Hi Rachel, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge blog. I would like to interview about your reign and platform.
night buttercup
Watched the Hunger Games today. I enjoyed it, which I consider amazing since Twilight forced me to swear off movie adaptations of YA books.
Just swallowed an ice cube
Well he is "famous".
excellent point re: pull and push relevant information.
I like your jacket bro! Haha
Yikes That's a big no-no #jobsearch101 RT Just received a resume addressed, "Dear Mr. Marshall."
Here in Boston we had 10 days of Sunshine for the whole month of June the rest was rain. I hope July bring better weather. WTF!!!
Typing the last paper i will typer before i leave ND
Casual observation at CalArts tells me bright white socks are popular now
Had a fun day with
GOIN DOWN IN A MAJOR WAY TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!! IT'S GONNA BE POPPIN TONIGHT!! BELEE-DAT!!!
Death of the Mailman
Pickin' dem lotto numbers! Betta believe I got time for dat!
aww thanks! You're sweet
RT - a great classic! “: If you liked The Artist, & Mr Bean...you should see Mr. Hulot's Holiday...you don't need to know French”
In some point of my life i did felt those lyrics of that song.
Nicky's ass is stiff as hell. I need that wobble
can you please follow me on here or on instagram you are my idol and it would mean the world <3
You totally should do something with your life. RT I'm gonna become a costume designer. Everybody digs them in Hollywood.
GREAT lunch with mom for mothers day...check. #Pop-N-LockBeatMix for San Antonio and the U.S.....check. Visit with my grandma...check!
and what are you doing right now?! I dont understand alg 2. Sue me
:) you know it
Merry Christmas to all! Have an incredible day. Happy 30th birthday to Karri!!!!! :)
hope you're working on some snappy Sinbad-esque material for Wednesday.
Split the $.
“: WELCOME TO AMERICA, WHERE OTHER COUNTRIES INJUSTICES ARE MORE IMPORTANT THAN OUR OWN!!!”
Work hard, play hard
Wow...#ravens didn't pick up Kyle Boller as 3rd string QB. I'm SHOCKED.
Oh! fantastic! I was going to do some searching when I had a minute to see if there were articles about it. Thanks!!
i watched too many of your videos :o help
Hey, all, welcome a friend to the tweet world: RT : OK, I give in. I hereby welcome myself to the wide work of tweeting.
much appreciated my man!
he has the highest 3pt % on record RT not watching but steve kerr took last shots before, coons.
what's up with people clipping their nails at the office? since when did that become acceptable behavior?
It was more detailed and condescending than *that* conversation
Players were firing on all cylinders for our first paying audience of the run!!! Reaction was universally positive...feels great!!!
Girl in boat/ bated breath / angling
I love that the ASU graduates are walkin out to congrats again !!
Need some inspiration on this cloudy day...meh.
Yeah lol I thought it was gonna be something better
Pancake of the week: home fries, scrambled eggs and jalapeno (yes, IN the pancake). Grade: A.
I saw you walking like two days ago I was going to say hi but you seemed deep in convo.
heeyyyy its berenice did u make another twitter =D
its al good drosage.
him and Mr. Miere, right there :D
Congrats on your #Pulitzer win! You're a gem. Still laughing over "I Hate Your Dog" essay you wrote for in 08
lmao my dad was rolling when he seen her on the floor!!
“ The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.”
sister sprayed windex in my eye... think i've gone blind lmfaoo
You have an ex boyfriend..? WHAT
I like the way you think
Thanks girlie! RT Ah I found my album! Remember the day I got this :') Played it over and over for hours!! :)
S/O to all my new followers
Ever see a performance raise the bar for everything you've seen from the same musician? I was happy w/5 pieces of candy until you gave me 10
#OccupyLA - in solidarity with #occupywallstreet. Their goals are our goals, their message, our message. DEMOCRACY NOT CORPORATOCRACY.
Stop IT and show us!!!!
May the angels protect you, trouble neglect you and heaven accept you when it's time to go home.
To the musician singing outside my house for the marathon. Please stop butchering good music.
I'm sure you're all spending the holidays the same as me, right? Editing your film about peeping-tom ladies & their sexy bohemian neighbors?
I went to college across the street.
It went so well. Wasn't a big audi, but I can always use the "practice" and the confidence boost :)
Have I mentioned that I'm in love with Robert Downey Jr. right now?
I am already late, my frantic driving isn't going to help! Lol
Having IPA at Fork, Lincoln Square. Excited for my Chicken n' Waffles.
We need to stop and take a breath before we attempt to define the Arab Spring as a "social media" revolution.
You gonna buy the shoes lol?
back and triceps today, followed by 25 min of intense cardio. Felt good to sweat. felt even better to get home and drink my protein shake!
You're still beautiful! 💙 you and your pup!
Exciting and busy day! We helped serve around 142 #homeless community members.
omg tlked2me yesterday on fb and told me2tweet him and he will tweet me back! yay!!!jus waiting...bt ik he will come thru=)
Well im of to bed, hopefully I dream about something good
is a lyrical genius. ❤🎵 RT : I've never heard silence quite this loud
Big Brother is watching.
saw your blog post I have a brand new Jägermeister t-shirt for you. adult small, you could take scissors to it. Rawr!
aww K! Falling all over the place! Hope you're having a blast! Miss you
What I love about people tweeting from conferences: y'all go (and report so well) so I don't have to. Many thanks!
You should be getting it any day now! Keep us posted on when you do. ‏RT: ~ hoping to get mine soon! :)
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! Were giving away Brad Paisley tickets on New Years Eve at Mavericks in Mundelein!
"I really wish there were more NFL pregame shows out there," said no one.
Too many shallow mf's in the world talking like they don't judge others...smdh!
At the hunger games .. Hell yeaaahhh!
why not
Check out she books sick shows in Philly and she has some sick shirts and she's really nice!
#icanttakeyouseriously if u #fucked one of my friends
RT : What?! Religious people wants to boycott Lady Gaga?!
much love to my 250th follower, No drama here, just fun filled #ABQgirlproblems where everyone can just be themselves!!
needs a AC!
ESPN going to exert influence on whether game gets called early or not?
I suggest somewhere near a beach like the Carolinas or Florida
We are getting closer to those first 50 followers & the first winner of some free ice cream. Retweet & get us some love & U may get some 2.
Dems may pick up seats im NV and Mass to help counter losses. Odds are good for GOP though.
shid they been callin me that lol then that nigga started rappin so I was back to being same ol just "Sean" lol
Will be playing through all the workouts tonight at #PrideConditioning to honor the passing of Adam.
Sponsoring a table for Casino Night on Jan. 23rd. Promises to be a fun time and a good cause for a great group of kids.
did you see Noah at the wilderness? I'm kind of wanting a spring break too.
Your Art Dept. can also help photographers and artists with large, vibrant reproduction prints...yourartdepartment.com
#NBAPLAYOFFS Hang in there Bulls!!!
your pic is KAYUUTE ;) love it!
made it official. He is not longer a Colt.
I wasn't talkin bout u fool
I know. Beer free week.
You make me asdfghjkl;
to play indoor soccer or not to play indoor soccer.. that is the question. i'm thinking i should probably play !
Editing, editing, reading, writing, editing. I'm going a bit cross-eyed staring at the computer today.
Cute young men you got there. Thanks for coming to see us! Have fun at the park.
NWST: #EWU Head Coach Beau Baldwin on what new WSU Def. Coordinator Mike Breske brings to the Palouse / on #NFL Playoffs 930
Sounds like a good day to us! Thanks for being a fan of The Lube!
Grow the fuck up
Packing and getting ready for my big overseas trip! So excited : )
How many walkoffs had the Marlins had here at Marlins Park?
oh yeah. spoon art was big. trust me. :)
Hi PGF, What would you place the odds at that full blown sports betting will be in AC casinos by 2014?
it ain't over yet
T4: I obviously use social media and I would rather have a personal convo with my doc rather than an email exchange or patient portal
you might not want tht badminton shirt you gave ashley back..
And how! Happy Monday!
He's abq's hedgehog. RT I just saw Don Scrader for the first time this year. Spring has officially begun.
BTW, I am the guy who made the movie "Media Malpractice... How Obama Got Elected."
not gis - hey Dane - what tool dd you use to make this preso?
Congrats to the Miami Dade College Softball Team for winning the Atlantic & State Championships! Way to go ladies!
ima just cool it tonight. The weather is all shitty anyways.
you should
Main dat damn slushy fanta pop was on point
Its crazy what we have been through.
Why'd you get off Tiny Chat ?
IM ALWAYS ON THE TOP TONIGHT IM ON THE BOTTOM, CAUSE WE TRADING PLACES ! *AND THRUST*
Back in Chicago catching up with emails, sleep, & mundane affairs; and then dealing with withdrawal.
Its that time again #WalkingDead on
am doing good and u? What's new?
This nigga the tupac of this video shit fool shot over 53 videos. And thats not counting before we started #NoPlanB damn
"thoughts pass like currents of electricity....It’s just as easy for us to think around the globe, as it is to think across the room."
It's Fryday! (see what we did there?) open for the double, 11am-4pm for lunch & 11pm-3am for late night. Come n' get it!
you need help !o.o
I'm a bit jealous...
Well.. go get a bike and then ride it to a corner and be homeless for a sec then go to taco bell! :D. that's what I recommend lol
Good Morning. Things are looking up..."almost" friends with DB (Droid Bionic) now.
Just tried the most amazing chair at Relax the Back in Pittsburgh! Better than a hot tub! Stop by if you have back problems & try one...
Oh boy... My eyes are getting really heavy... Z 3.5 hours to go! I can do this!!
pretty sure I'm gonna buy that tank top tomorrow 🎉
#attorneys, need a ride to #LosAngelesCourt ? #Processserver .com invites you to utilize our courtesy Limo to court. Call (855)PROCESS...
kinda got a graduation to go to.
Good morning. I hope you all slept well.
is that your baby girl?! Congrats!
Proud #SAGmember at #unionmember Happy Labor Day!
This show is such a joke
Stupid fire alarms and severe fear of another apartment of mine burning down:(
Because November is definitely last minute.
on the side, i have a couple of ideas i want to work on.
Today's lame ProTools observation: Turns out I prefer Massey's L2007 to Maxim as a 2-bus limiter.
Tha'ts still not working. Just takes me to the Post page to shorten URLs... what's the name of the doc? I'll google it.
Pretty soon looks like about 2 months.
Serious , but fun : )
thank you! It's a great day!
(1/2) The Front Royal Moose Lodge might be looking for some new waitresses and cooks so if you know anybody thats interested tell them t ...
m share? lol
At the FYW symposium. We have it at the end of every year, and even though I didn't teach FYW over last year, I'm presenting.
me? Now there's a band that never gives up.
Proust has pointed out that the predisposition to love creates its own objects; is this not also true of fear
No doubt to be greeted with: "Oh, I feel fine now, Mommy!"
we appreciate you giving us a try! Hope to serve you soon
your welcome :) <3
Ducks just won.
how much leverage will the first airline to embrace Alex Baldwin gain in the US? #gotbaldwinblood I need 5 minutes
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 10
this book is so good omg
and you know there are hundreds of programs that need to update.
“: We all have that one friend who always gets caught jerking off.”
Funny and interesting people on a high end scene.
I figured it was right around there. Holy shit.
brad Pitt!
Paranoid now and then The Ramones w/ I wanna be Sedated as a sing-a-long. Let's make it count folks.
can't believe your heading east. Will miss you but it's a great excuse to visit Georgia!
what a texting ass day
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!~~~
Do Wisconsin Strip Clubs have any requirements when selecting strippers ?????
Perfect-yes plz
I think Julian Assange is dining at the same sushi resto as I am at The Encore.
I feel your pain, but I mix half homemade kibble and half store bought for my pups. they eat better than I do half the time.
is about to present on citation networks in Old Norse studies as part of the wind-up of the NEH #humnets workshop.
I totally agree with the first part of that.......
Just watched a video that you will have to see to believe. We'll link it up shortly. You could be: 1) bemused 2) amazed 3) disgusted 4) all
Thanks for the Retweet! I hope you have a wonderful day!
NonProfit companies had record profits in 2011... Huh?
Girls that ride skateboards are hot!!!!!!!!
work in the day time and party in the night
When you headed back to San Fran/Oakland area???:)
It was really really great.
it's okay, i can't either. :(
Man 1: You see that woman there? Man 2: Yes, yes. She is very good looking. Man 1: Yes. I would like to be the Indiana Jones of her body.
RT learnt a good trick via Sit in your own discomfort; It denies the habit power #PoCchat >Growth spot :)
You have to admire a POTUS who is willing to make the hard decisions, even if it hurts him from a political perspective...
high occupancy vehicle , Or JayZ's nickname-- it's short for Jehovah, like Jehovah Witness ;)
that's not my job dude, it's my job to get you to play it on the radio! ;)
Tempers are heating up early in Milwaukee.
FYI link is broken.
I am so happy
lol thanks babe ;) I'll fuckin beat a bitch
Like true gentlemen, you kept your word, but we still would've loved you guys anyway. Happy Friday!
Home alone with Jonah, Liam, and Hunter. We had a rubber band fight, ate deer jerky, and made coconut flan. Something doesn't fit...
if you like crazy assholes spouting bullshit about 911 conspiracy through megaphones go to brady and we are well
intro to world wide web lol
I'm also fairly offended that he speaks of college as the place where he spent 4 years stoned, and then schools me about language.
That tip is greatly appreciated. Thank you!
You can never understand someones PAIN until you're the one who feels it...
call me
... (elevated systolic and diastolic blood pressure) and respiratory changes, somatic sensory experiences, and an altered consciousness.
;-) My bf's actually a sports broadcaster. He's more of a baseball nerd.
In order to bring new things into your life, you must first let other things go.
One of the few shows I watch via hulu and bed. ;)
Maybe this is clearer, "What is the conversion page URL for signup?"
THe South Side Sock Seller just paid our humble train car a visit. Tomorrow is laundry day, was almost tempted
lmao... It's like that... That's crazy!!! I thought we was fam!!!
ALOT of your problems would disappear, if you started talking TO each other instead of ABOUT each other.
Last 2 weeks were pretty slow...
Real men don't beat women, only losers like CB do.
lets do this thing
Come to for the shuttle on saturday boys. Its gonna be a blast here.
it's probably some kind of dermatitis related to allergies caused by all the wind. Maybe Calendula lotion? Good luck!
I just want christmas break to come since thanksgiving break is practically o v e r </3 :(
Going down on the river to catch a whisker belly!!!
Allison, I want to DM you. Follow & then you can unfollow - I don't mind at all. Now get back to kicking butt & taking names.
why try to place boundaries around your creativity, dont limit a limitless blessing
Fair Use 4 part test: purpose of use; nature of work; amount used; effect on value of copyright work
Wacky 2012 so far. My camellia is in full bloom and Robins are flitting about the yard.
Chris Rock looks beautiful - love the hair!
Please visit Facebook pages Abused in #Pennsylvania and Abused in #Chicago and "Like" them -
great idea!
no problem! :) and same for you! :-)
Vanguard, thanks for the wrong info that cost me an additional $5k in taxes, and not providing any solutions.
I wish we could that would be interesting. We could try to get enough to go out and scrimmage the team now.
GO GET YOUR LIFE
Miss Twist Ice Cream does events of all kinds ! Including Weddings !
I've seen the Hunger Games trailer a bunch of times but Rue's whistle gives me chills every time.
S/O to the $5,400 check i got at work today!
"THIS ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP....."
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand U make my heart race, u make my feet sweat .. u make my heart go boom boom boom.. :D
www.mwishartinvestigations.com I love Regis and Kelly. Some of my investigations is sad and Regis and Kelly makes me laugh.
HELL YEAH I'd Whoop Her Ass But It Would Have To be A Good Reason.
This match is incredible
probably a couple within the first 7 events
tell me about it! You need to use wig bobbypins. They are the long, thick ones at the drug store. Xoxo
playing it next!
wow. I'll be here. Lol
"You merge your observations with his observations and my observations, and it'll be like a design research Voltron."
When u work wit Rosay it's like Dre working with Pac. Tupacs back! DJ Khaled is on the throne of the HipHop Kingdom!
Aww I would have I'm just getting your tweet puta!!! Call me suga!!
Asked to develop "expected ettiqutte, guidelines, groundrules or policies" for student use of Blogs@ Baruch beyond ToS -- any examples?
I don't have a ride
People talk about "Stop Bullying", but as soon as somebody states an opinion, everybody isn't so.. "Stop bullying".. Some people you are.
I think I'm bad at relationships, because I get tired of one person,fast. Unless your an exciting person who is funny, your my type. :)
I bet she knows just how to please me
Why is it necessary to give equal time to liars?
For sure-it's also my birthday weekend! #partylikeits196? : tailgating with us for badgers v. Purdue?
: i swear i remember ur last name being spelled as calpijo. lol
Am taking internal only advanced training at Palo Alto. We are analyzing hotel data - very interesting!
Life is too short to take yourself too seriously! It's so time for a break from my computer right now.
yep making money never made me unhappier! Woohoo!
Hippie status
Shit just keeps going downhill for me... Fell Better Pa<333333
Wait. Who's the bad friend?
Haha, he designed it especially for their con, so he had some freebies ;-) Needless to say, I peed a little when I got it.
did alia lose me?
lovely. so glad they listened
Watching Insomnia with Robin Williams is so good at being creepy.
I'd like you to meet my boyfriend, my boyfriend who lives in Baltimore!
Just finished w/ dinner. The boys are getting a bath and I'm headed to bed shortly after. I feel so....old. What happened to us, ?
which class cuz Ash made her water Pee in front of mr Kaiser then she said Andrew's pen was naked so...
i hear ya. You guys do a great job. Keep it up. Your planning to be at JAB right?
I saw yours! I LOVE it :)
I really hope has some good news for me today :) fingers crossed
A productive day- did radio, worked out, got my hair "did," got some more resumes sent out, and have a show to play tonight. Life is good.
Thanks for inclusion in the Kasey Khronicle!
Yes we will! Veggie subs on hand. :)
Why someone tell me In alot of my Pics Im Naked lmao She Cray but she know she Like it
Off to sleep. Even Leatherface needs his "beauty" rest.
I know when i first saw u , u fucked like a whore!(8)
Why not both weekends lol
wisdom teeth are coming in:(
Sounds good. Looking forward to it!
I did
Food Fact of the Day: May 15, 1991 The famous Paris cooking school, L'Ecole de Cordon Bleu, opens a branch in Tokyo, Japan.
Does Trump want to eventually go to war with China for cheap plastic goods? So confused.
@ All PS3 Fanatics looking foward to more members..
great job on the #IFeelSoCloseToYou cover!! It's amazing and I have it on repeat right now(:
Im starting to wonder how the students are going to see this, and how it will effect them in the long run.
I hate losing
"I support showin Love I don't support Hatin " listening to Cassidy freestyles I fucking love him o.d 👌
Hey Mike, it was great speaking with you. We look forward to the goodness ahead. Best!
of coarse ! c:
The #Aztecs are losing the battle of the boards 16-21.
Oh LA traffic, how much I love you ... Not. But that doesn't break this Saturday's beauty. Clear blue sky, indeed!
Welcome to the "Lightlife" June 5, 4-8, @ Fire on Water. 518 N. Water Street. Shoutout to the owners Matt & Bryan. Cool guys. Be there!
call me
Hey I like #The6th ...
Several Hueys flying around Chester Co. (PA) airport this week.
Yes, this always acts.
hi dylan an nice name
I bet your dressing recipe has beer in it.
Two plays on Top 10 tonight! Eriksson goal & Lehtonen save! Go #peskystars!
#ellen degeneres Ellen when are you coming to Orlando?
he always knows the things
I forgot the chocolate part! TRIPLE CHUNK!
She's a really patient women. Ever find out? Next time just ask her.
And I'm up
Guthrie struggling, come on Os let's get this sweep
I am so excited to meet him!
workin hard g
Thats fine love. RT : I have dance practice so I wouldn't get to you until after 8:30pm
Again Janie blogged ravenous, greedy, voracious, and grasping
Jamie NANBF Gateway Naturals 2009 - keen shoes
Liberace~ Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
List planning mtg for Fall 2013 marked by each editor's "signature temporizing language" (coinage courtesy of )
Does that bookmarklet thing work for tweedeck?
We having an executive meeting NOW!
Good luck :)
Tabathas next film Wanderlust starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd comes out in Oct! Can't wait!
Most of the speakers here at the Mays Chapel meeting live near the park, and are against the idea of building a new school there. But...
I'm dying reading your tweets
