Ah, it was probably rigged!
Guess my tweet got the ball rolling for Jessica Simpson today..did she seriously name her baby girl maxwell drew?!
Please follow NOW ...SHE'S A MASSIVE MAHOMIE, you won't regret it ! <<<<<<<
“: #WeWontWork if you dont put these hoes in their place & let them know wassup”
Its freezing!!!!
igtg i love u so much gn
tell em! You ain't gotta lie to kick it.
#ireallywant u to Please understand that when we argue, I'm not fighting with u, I'm fighting FOR u.
I love acting:) that's really awesome. Me? I've just been working hard as always 2 jobs plus school and songwriting :p
This is what you call service? I am supposed to wait to see if it shows up hope you calculate the times right and then help?
RT : Thank you for y'all who visit us last night #muchLove #seeUnextMonth!
Self Assessment Tool for functions of Trust Fund quality indicators will be a great tool to partner with the TN Trust Fund
Just realized that every song is a cover on this album. Of all people to cover an MCR song, Macy would be the last! She sings Teenagers!
woo! did you get laid on prom night? ;0)
Happy Mother's Day!
MODELS WANTED FOR DUB SHOW! $$$PAID! HIT ME UP FOR INFO.
The talks I have with my roommate>> 👍😊
haha whatever works! Good luck to you, yogi!
I've realized that #FamilyGuy and #AmericanDad consume my life. I need to do a cleanse. Its getting to be ridiculous
Whoo hoo! I just happen to be on when it's #mombizmondays. So glad to participate again!
pubsubhubhub would be a great component; no sense re-inventing the wheel, and lets #pubmedia use existing tools as normal.
The Facebook Timeline is rolling out. Have you given it a try?
RT : Only a scant 5 days left to apply to Great Lakes #thatcamp - what are you waiting for!
she just goes okay well I'll let you go then.... Hahah??
women are beautiful yo.
RT : Mr. Met is making his way into the press conference room at City Hall.
I want to read the hunger games book so bad!
and i just need our write-ups emailed or something. We stay losing
Major comeback for Philly
oh most definitely. 👏 good for you kiddo. You get a gold star for effort
wait, they're talking about arrays at #drupalcon?
I like the
Preparing to venture out into the Atlanta rain. Hopefully everyone else will be parked.
#sem2011 Deb Justice speaking on the negotiation of proximity and the ethics of style in church.
#ForcesOfNature So i can get every new achievement this weekend
Your up next.Good luck:) Love you
People skipping in the hallways
we used 1tsp of Xanthan Gum! Consistency was a little rubbery, but good flavor...more experimenting ahead!
AMERICAN IDOL: My Top Five Finals is DeAndre, Colton, Jessica, Joshua, Phillip. & then I want JESSICA SANCHEZ to WIN!!
my favorite TAP song is secret lover
Help yourself, and Heaven will help you. -Jean De La Fontaine
Don't forget... on tonight at 12:35pm.
I wanted a gene hackman slow clap! Not some irrecognizable, vague highschool football clip!
HarvardWood Film festival at LA Film School today
I wish the gun range was open.
I need to sleep!
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you also read Runelords? They're making that a movie too. Vote for actors
is annoying
I understand spring begins on Monday
am on one.
“: just beautiful” well thank you!
Steve Blake ?!?! Are you kidding me !! Kobe Bryant needs to have the ball in that situation. Steve Blake !!!! WTF !!
Must.pack.for.the.weekend....FOCUS!
A wise man once said, "hey! This bathrooms occupied!"
New Madison descriptor circulating: "40 square miles of democracy ...."
Don’t miss our Spring Fragrance Festival 4.27-4.28 from 10AM-9PM at the Flagship! Let us help you find your signature scent for the season.
Breakfast with Claude: Oatmeal, Yerba Maté, La Mer... (so french n so clean)
hahaha you know I'm just giving you a hard time! I know you won't disappoint. I don't think you're even capable of it ;P
Minutes away from John Doe performing
hope u have fun in florida :)
fuhhh my life,/:<
#ImSickOf always being used by people
Covering the Wisconsin Senate race deserves our attention.
I got a 9.0 on the male/female quiz
I wanna go, but I'm worried that I'll be fried after working all day at the festival! Loved Art of Fielding, though.
Welcome back...thx - SAVE THE DATE: Fri, November 11th...more details to come this week!
oh do they have family there??“: yeah cuz bjge and ocho are going to pittsburgh”
yes... i heard you're writin the screenplay or something?? :)
I struggled with the death penalty for years because there are many heinous crimes, but I am against it, like you.
I made tons of collect calls
I love you ! #teamMEATBALLS ! & Congrats, ! I know your gonna be a good parent ! Kisses ! ( :
So Minecraft is out for the 360. Demo's okay. Controls are clunky, but I'm used to the PC version.
Guy getting off the train "are the Phillies playing the Nationals today or something?" Yeah. They are everywhere!
Good night beauties.
I want some snuggle time!!
I'm bummed I missed #ThurstyThirsday at 62 Grand but I was grindin on hits! C u Mon. In SF now #poh<3plyfe
In the mood for music. Would like to know what your favorite #ThrowBackSongs are? Tweet us and let us know!
who else is a realistic possibility? Va tech transfer? I think we need shooter/ball handler as much if not more than a big?
your boy Billa is heading to Nashville as we speak. Time to party southern style
It has been a long time. I would love to catch up sometime. Yay for the pictures being back too. Redwoods?
Whoa it hurts too much! So call me out for not having the guts.
doing free (i.e. warranty) stuff for Will's car. I'm just here for the latte, snack bar, & magazine rack.
So, I'm pretty sure that I just left the whitest Jay-z show ever.
All my stalkers have long since graduated. My charm, wit, and boyish good looks were irresistible to the ladies back in the day.
Always looks good, just because you can accidentally meet her ex.
I'm at the Golf Mart in Del Mar Friday. I'll be there at noon. If you can hit it past me, I'll buy you a beer. Stay thirsty my friends
Possibly. Where you thinking? There's like a jillion places that do taco Tuesday in CLE.
Thank you!
Thank you for the #FF <3
if that's doing it wrong, I don't want to be right.
I feel unsafe drinking Nashville water.
can't call me a ref doe
Very light, patchy cloud cover - virtually no fog for your first day of August. Sunny/warm afternoon . slight chance of a mtn. shower
Our Hawks are on fire folk. Wooooooooohooooo Lets go Hawks! Let's go Hawks!
lol you have to read them then write a very long detailed report....I'd rather watch them or write a song
hope you follow back:)!
my sis and her friends are being hot tub hogs tonight get out!!!!!
i would love to learn piano :-) i always wanted to know ♥
beware of the cornfields along that road to your house. Shit is creepy.
Shopping time 👗👠🎀
I Haven't Done My Nails In Like 2 Month, Thats Bad :/
One week people!! One week!! So excited for our wedding day!
Thanks for stopping. RT : most original offices probably ever.. Thanks for the tour today Andre!
Somewhere buried deep inside a Scottsdale storage unit is a Miguel Tejada jersey I was convinced would never be relevant again.
Yes, but in this alternate universe we also sound exactly like Tune-Yards.
back hurts so much tonight.
ah!!!! Obsessed already.
- see Silence or Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Several of the "Kids" saw The Hunger Games at midnight. THUMBS UP. Also, MORE COFFEE. Has anyone else seen it yet?
Huh, the D was ballin RT : the "d" needs to step up. Then everyone would be happy...
Boutta change into some shorts, wrap my hair and lie down. My day is over lol.
good work last night brother
#BOYFRIENDReview that kidrauhl is grown up and we still love him
The show is actually going to be a life-sized nativity created using NBC15 staff.
after a hundred trys for getting tickets to any one direction concert in the ny area, i still have nothing, seriously hate my life.
hey...what time is the XL thing going on?
Shooting & Erin's wedding on the east side today! Yay for a fun couple & a pretty MI fall day!
Get your free market report at www.atlanta-home-sales.net
Will be in Flagstaff Thursday & Friday working with some fun clients for Flagstaff Business News. Will be dodging idiots on I-10 & I-17
yea we are...but were worth the effort...real talk.
I never got the song in my inbox... can you please try sending it again.
What is the state called when you can't relax but you can't work because you can't relax because you can't work?
Tell my muscles that. Wah wahhhhhhh.
are you graduating at 6?
I need a Lizzie sesh soon.I have lots on my mind,and you are the best to talk to.i can't wait for our next skype date.
i didnt see!!!
I stayed up until like 2 am ... Now, I feel like crap.
Honesty and Integrity in all our dealings our primary component for the success. Contact Us to have a full set of quotes emailed to you!!
bojidar666 when would I ever be away from my PC?
I've been lucky enough to see them in concert.
nice! that should be a fun day! I'm ready for my first tri after the Indy mini marathon.
Good morning everyone, have a great Saturday
Nothing like quality control,
Old people in go karts, my life is made:D
A BIG Thanks to Young Life for sharing their Tuesday night with us...We had a BLAST! See ya soon!
As the sun travels through the zodiac, Capricorn will be the celestial focus of our galaxy from Dec. 22 through Jan. 20. ITS GOAT TIME!!!
hell yeah! rock it out! :)
Will you be attending the #DCIFF DC Independent Film Festival?
I still have high hopes for (the hopefully darker) Snow White and the Huntsman, though.
Heck yeah!!!
Im a lebron fan
The makers of Xanax can thank the last 3 conversations I've had for my voracious consumption of their product.
I'm just messin with ya. thanks for the article! we'll make sure it gets plenty of views!
..it's Friday.. Just got out, just got paid, my mans out of town.. What kind of trouble can I get into? Lmao! ;) 0:)
dont care for him really
I think Mke's leaders finally get it! But will they act? Support the vibrant youth.
roz you rock my well insolated socks off!! Keeping me motivated when it gets rough and boy does it ever! Be safe on your journey.
Patience! Is a tool we must use daily...
Im a bit bulgy in spots now, but it fits :-)
Girls distance medley set the school record again last night!
follow love
I have the COOLEST family ever!
Getting down to more design for Palomar's IMPACT magazine. This is going to be one good looking publication.
Happy 2012. Thanks for sharing the video! Do you have any clips of you singing showtunes?
Cmon Brew crew bring it hard this aft vs D-bags
thanks. It was awesome to see my name and story in print.
"Some battles we choose, others choose us."
it's a great little mantra for a stressful day. :-)
I have a headache :((
You've got to lose to know how to win.
It's official: has ended the TWC-MSG dispute.
Sunday Fun Day! That's right 1/2 priced bottles of wines including our Ed Hardy wines.
Eli Whitney: Honey, I just invented the cotton gin! Mrs Whitney: Big deal - who wants to drink a fluffy martini?
hey its mary w. please follow me back. =)
hey buddy! Could I use your awesome acoustic guitar for an hour or so this week? I'll be so very sweet to it ;)
:)RT My son's hearing impaired and autistic-We were told 2x he could be held back a grade...s at the top of his 1st gr class...
Is hot af!
I love you asshole
Acting is way of making yourself exist
Hey Harry!! :) How are you?
I'm a Redskins, Nationals, and Capitals fan RT :
True very true. Only have 62 contacts on my phone. I only text 1.... haha fail
Love my FAM!!!!
I'd be Roy's best friend
15% Off all clothing, shoes and accessories during "The Boulevard Holiday Weekend" March 17-19th. Does not include furniture or jewelry.
im excited to see u!
love it and us mahomies know that your not copying JB. We love you<3 haters gonna mahomies gonna love <3
How could you not tell me about it!
gshit cuh got some pink red and black snoop socks on
thanks! Prayers that you do awesome on ur finals!
I say bullshit!
#ThatsTheTruth - #ContentIsKing - Create something that will serve people and the money will follow.
The chrysler brand integration on TNT lakers-nuggets game had Marv Albert introducing the car on the streets of LA. Hmm..
Just got to #FranzJosef and doing a glacier hike in the morning. For now, I go to the bar and drink with my friends!
Headed back to the city...great long weekend, but somehow it still felt too short...
Love is about equality
giant eagle?
Quote of the day: "You can't let the situation control your emotions. You're better then that."
It's your birthday?! Happy birthday!
I'll be at on Monday May 21st...double bill with Adam Larson's group! So we'll only be doing one set at 8pm!
Me: I fux with ...OtherNiggaz: Why?..Me: Because nigga, I do! Plus she keep that 45 on her leg for safe keeping.
Post one observation about today's primaries.
First, round Saltines. Now, Fig Newtons will just be called "Newtons." What's next? Triangle Cheez-It's called "It"?
hm:P
Every news anchor I've seen on tv in puerto Rico looks like a huge alcoholic
It was delicious!
really disappointed you've decided to leave HW5.0. Best of luck with Chicago Fire, but hope we'll be seeing you back on HW5.0!
Booking tix for a return to the Bay Area with #redefinepower! (May 12th) and (May 10th) here we come!
By interactive, do you mean Web design, or something more general? (I know zilch about design; I'm studying HTML/CSS/JS.)
Is outsourcing online work to Pakistan going to create problems for me later on? "Why are you sending money to Pakistan through PayPal?"
I am on a comedically large amount of allergy medicines right now.
Kevin is coming back and a new CD should be out in July!!!! EEEKKKKK ( been a fan of BSB since 1997 )
Nevermind, just finished.
I'm glad they're doing that study. They need it
as soon as I get it from the artist ill post
So true. The challenge totally crept up on me. I'm totally not awake at 5am because I can't clear the damn ice on Hard. Nope.
#Britney...and he does it great, baby!
Really? Do tell...
Today I remember my father’s stern but gentle reminder to young me that partying is not, in fact, a right. Still makes me smile.
Love it great job
you're keeping it stylish as usual. How old is that thing in dog years now?
That movie is AWESOME.
I'm a weirdo and I know it
Unbelievable: RT Irony: If GOP caves on offsets, right wing will have enabled Ds to spend more $$$
about to head to Stella's to meet with fun friends :)
I really want my left arm sleeved 😔
thank you lots!!<3
I'm good. Missing DR! How have you been?
Shes a shady lady
New ads go live today. I'm free every night, when can we get together?
MY pursuits are for me - my life's plan! don't be so weak about er'thing!
you are so beautiful to me. I love you like a sister because I feel like we have the same blood. #I'mjustlikeyou
Not shit to do
Thanks for following from & from
yes we do!! you let me know when !!
congrats on the New Behance!
Good Morning my Family and Friends. All Positive.. Jesus I Love You
The perks of being a member of AAM are many. Thanks, , for rocking so hard.
I'm working 10am - 5pm tomorrow at Stop by and add some more vinyl to your collection!
500 Days of Summer, The Hangover, or Moon tonight?
Fin du monde, Unibreou is tops right now.
yes! Convert before they disintegrate!
RT : "I wonder how the country smells to a person with synesthesia when the Homeland Security threat level is Red."
♬ July 2nd 1960 Johnny Kidd & the Pirates had their only No.1 hit in U.K. with "Shakin' All Over". Johnny Kidd died in a car crash in 1966 ♬
Knowing what to say is not always necessary; just the presence of a caring friend can make a world of difference ~ Sheri Curry
can't wait to see you pool side with at the Cabana Lounge!
When is your birthday????
It's time to make the bacon!
RT : Social media is a great way to reconnect with people you've been studiously avoiding for years.
Just wasn't right without her
RT : Year of the Hail Mary in Wisconsin.
Inmate while IN PRISON Steals $254K, in Identity Theft
nice game bro, showin some vision and athleticism
#YouGettinPunchedIf you take my food
DEF!! I heard they're making a part 3
It's only March and I am already watching "Field of Dreams."
He's co-authoring a paper with an Arabic scholar outside the US and is working from digital manuscripts
: follow back please :D
OMG 220 followers !
hahaa i honestly don't remember! xD
CHRIS BROWN ON 106PARK
u never miss what u got until its gone...
BALL OR GET BALLED ON
depends on where they are signing. Eww!
PS: Caught myself singing Marius the other day...When you call my name, I'll take the very next train to get to you...
already here and getting down! This is gonna be another rager. Plummer was goin to make it but no go :/
CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL!!
Hey Brian, if u r in Madison tonight, I have 2 tix 4 u to see Last Day at Lambeau @ WI Film Fest. Monona Terrace @ 7:00 PM.
LOL Have I seen those movies? Maybe #netflix could lookout!!! lol
RT : high school crush wants to be friends on Facebook. This is how it starts, doesn't it? Should I just sell the screen rights now?
Doesn't matter if it's an outline, scene breakdown, synopsis, whatever--just write it down--that's step 1.
MT : why should social sector care about games? It's $60bn industry, 100M players, more women than teenage boys
Swimming in gym.. I just love smelling like chlorine
This chick taking close up shots, with her ugly azz gums & teeth!
's house. :D Oh how i love this girl <3
You're like my sister ...
just finished up writing this week's socialbrief. our take on 2011 predictions... what are yours?
you're not even good you little twat
looks like a lot of special celeb guests will be at the AC - May 9th!
thx. its 42 degrees i'm a baby when it comes to cold. last yr when i was on set, i stayed in tyler's trailer the entire time!
Why wouldnt you miss the second free throw?
R U gonna be in town?! “: so fab boys!!! Hope the event is fabulous!!! ;) love and miss you both! MUAH! ;)”
"Elvis" will be in the building Thurs Feb 11. Scotty Zion as Elvis! Doors open at 5:30 pm. Tickets $10 available at the box office.
Congrats on another Pilot read!~
I gotta go pee -.-
Were the football camp (www.footballcamps.com) Mark Clayton will be coaching this year!
If my Snapback when I get home I'm gonna hang myself with dental floss.
Lots of friendly people? xD
RT : "The worst days of those who enjoy what they do, are better than the best days of those who don't." ~ E. James Rohn
damn whats wrong with u
all states are beautiful in their own way! When you start comparing, that's how war begins! Only ✌
I thought I heard a plane crashing, but now I think it was your passion snapping.
I'm done with you sis. Like a burnt steak, #ImDone lol *logs off*
follow before she commits!29
Why are we watching the last 45 minutes of Fargo right now?
Good Morning Peoples!!!
Yes and the crowds are crazy. I got punched by some chick in the throat D:<
I'm one hungry hungry hippo!
oh we will
Bitch I'm ballin
I just got chills watching that!!!!!!
#ConfessionNight take me to the cinema and i will love you forever.
Closing at 10pm tonight, come and get your Puccias before it' too late!!
don't have sex in the missionary position, dont have sexy standing up. JUST DONT HAVE SEX. Okay?
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. - Niccolo Machiavelli
What has Katie Price done to her hair?
getting austin's tweets sent to your phone so you can keep up with him at school.
I mean, Robert California: "There's something about an underdog that really inspires the unexceptional." :)
A new three-year French/German/American in the making. New European/American stories for a new century. Create History!
RT : 400 degrees is an american classic. <~~this is a true Southern person tweet. Loves It! 😍
I covet the ordering-trashy-romance job. That would be SO FUN! :)
CUBE says, "OH NO!!! So sorry. Give us a ring, we'll make it up to you. And your poor PA." We'll be back! :-)
I will.. Have you browsed LinkedIn's job mkt? It's really extensive. We're looking for a job for Holly to, so my eyes r open.
Fuck a bitch
I wouldn't put it past mike the arranger, he's a smart guy!
thanks for follow dr.
is singing on kareoke revelotion and shes beats at it
thanks! When I get home to a computer ill check you out as well. Looks like this is the last event here too.
If uTlkn ta ppl who dgaf about ur relationship, uBest b single.
yeah i just called kayla and shes switching with me, i work wednesday now and yay!
Excuse me #America, how to you "get tired" of democratic #protest and "grow weary" of free speech?
not sure! haha what's yours?
RT : Crothersville Community Schools receives over $300,000 in a Tech Innovation Grant from the Indiana DOE! Way to go!
"everything is going to be fine, follow me." is that the deceit of the grand propaganda machine? if so, I bought that shit up.
downtown at the office come down here
thank you my darling. I miss you. xo
wanted to send you some love!!! Looking forward to hearing all about the big day!!!!! Xo, your friends at Priscilla of Boston!
you are perfect.
If your house listing has expired, contact me for a FREE, NO OBLIGATION meeting on how I can market your house effectively. 585-455-2443
Finals are over, and Fringe awaits. Time to catch up on some much needed TV!
have a great move to Seattle! Welcome! You are going to love it! Excited to have people like you in our city!
: laughs at everything. Look, 'booger' : -giggle-
I'm so sad that Tim Gunn doesn't tweet.
RT : Q1 - Having time to turn work off and focus on the event. the technology is there its just the ability to focus #lrnchat <Yes
NOW you're thinking out of the box! :D
thanks! I appreciate hearing that!
Hahah too my last tweet. I don't understand . :P
New post by Hamilton over at the The Highlights! www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
RT Some of these Laker "fans" don't e know shit about basketball 
What happens when you forget your brand while designing your #twitter #avatar?
I'm too new at this. I need a guide.
you all better be going to rascal this year!
and Socrates inveigled againr writing as a crutch that atrophied memory.
New York Baby ! I'm on my way
Starts with a K
Jeez, I don't even want to get out of bed tomorrow.
i think its an awesome point!
u n me both
defo! Also think we cud use facebook better as a means of revision and motivation, for english i wud be regulalry posting info
Last thing through a bug's mind before hitting windshield: I may not have the guts to do that again! Humor from
French class makes me happy
the last time this happened i was dropped like a burning match i dont want to make this about me. but im scared. Mostly worried about you.
We can barely see your pretty face:)
If I could turn back time, and undo what I did with you. I think I can save myself some heartache.
Adele knows what's up. That's raw talent right there.
aye, homie I just dropped the WAY 2 SERIOUS mixtape. Ima shoot you the zip when I get by a computer so you can check it out
"When they had come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them."~Acts 14:27
Hell no to franchises but transparent promotion a relegation with teams, not riders, keeping points at end of season
cz we don't love them boys
it feels good.
this is fucking bullshit. Last thing I need right now.
Just saw jan svankmajer's "surviving life" . It reminded me how the true sexual act could not come about without a dream.
Thanks for the follow! I love what you guys do!
Saying the only reason you went to culinary school for is to "get the paper".
haha you said "who is that handsome over there" so huh? Hahaha
i told her! I need ur advice so call or txt me when u can
His Spartans finished runner-up at today's Spartan Invitational, losing 6-1 to Mequon Homestead in the title match.
ERPP provides each household a free visitor parking pass. This has been well received in Mt. Pleasant, Ward 4 and Ward 3 and Ward 6.
everytime someone posts a dubstep video on facebook i make sure and tell them it sucks. maybe they'll learn.
At noon tomorrow we are tapping a mystery Firkin from the wonderful Oskar Blues. Either way it will be awesome!
My so called boy bestiee fakee af , now he's a non factor in my book
Sic Em BEARS!! Proud 2 b an alumni!!! Go R G 3!
Thanks for the RT...You are awesome
if your gonna make a facebook status about me, tag me in it bitch .
Garlic is great for your immune system!
This is how music is born. It starts in the underground and YOU bring it to the world.
Is there anyone in Detroit that would like to join Feed The D in a documentary?
": I truly believe arrogance kills successful companies and careers more than strategic errors or competitors."
Nope. Happy 0401 :)
Thank You :)
Are there any tools that analyze search terms with too little data for Google to provide anything useful?
Thanks and following! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Hm. It's a questionable lean cuisine day.
I plan to volunteer next by helping out at STEP, our local food shelf.
oh it rightfully deserves to be.
and to whoever sent me the Invite to that #GEEK2Geek Dating site..Not funny..actually I am more nerdish than geekish
#LEO Geronimo... Is coming!
Welcome to UW ! Awesome!
#WeWontWorkOut if you suck at texting back, because I'm not gonna sit there and wait for you all night
see you all tomorrow!
How to change sales tax rates in QuickBooks? New blog later this week. blog.qbgal.com
Bout to bang this white castles
Pandemic Films. I own that!
who is Helsip going to guard on KY ? Even in a zone this is a major advantage for UK !
Short week in #charmcity...heading to #combine on Thurs
#FatherGod , use mme as YOU NEED, not as I WANT! in #Jesus name #NAME!
Not shocked it happened but it's horrifying when people freely admit prejudice without awareness that they should be ashamed.
Been Lazy Today
There are only a few more days to enter our contest. MetroTOTS is giving away one free StrollAway to a lucky fan and to Baby Buggy! Yay!!
Thank you for spreading the word about us!
I just posted the back of the jumpsuit. You're going to fall out...lol Too gorgeous!
Hot sauce can only go so far! Ha
On the list now!
O'Quinn: Rowlandson's Rural Sports rehearses Zoffany's Col Mordaunt's Cock Match.
I'll be there. Even guys like $3 pinkberry.
Thanks for the nice comment about #ActorsTalkPodcast episode 003 about #actor #scams and #frauds. Much appreciated!
Many professionals are finding that they need that additional edge, above and beyond the traditional resume presentation.
How come no one is bringing up or finding anyone that has said they've heard braun takes peds or has seen him do it?
RE nephew - will do.
We totally love candy, too! :)
ME TOO
Yes! Andy. Do not lose to Tipsy.
Im trippin out cause I don't have my earphones!!!
Darnit. :(. When are you gonna go see her again?
Broke my heart to move to my bench on my #fantasyfootball team. Thoughts and prayers are with you! Xoxo
ahh, yes...right...those almost thaw my disdain.
A skype call?
ME TOO I COULD'T GO TO SLEEP LAST NIGHT TILL LIKE MIDNIGHT
looking forward to didactics from on explaining donations/accessions/deaccessions in "First 50" exhibit
Reported shooting at #VirginiaTech prayers going out to those people, stay inside, keep you guys updated
Congrats! Baby is 6 mos. now- time for me to start going back:)
.: Jefferson's own graphical representations include detailed tables (farm book)
Another hideous day in paradise.
i want to RT this... just bc i think it is funny. But I don't want people to think I'm being mean. *you're awesome in my book*
Gotta get off this damn computer, i have to work in the a.m.
If in 2012, a high school kid chased a gay kid with scissors, forced him to the floor and chopped his hair, he'd be in jail.
oh my fish my schools tiny there's so much drama here too its annoying! And what grade are you?
Dang. I thought I was pretty fast! Oh well. Maybe next week. Sigh.
ha. exactly. And happy birthday.
Again... another example of how reckless people are on country roads.
A Super Moon soirée sounds much more chic than Cinco-de-Drinko bash, but yeah it's pretty much THE SAME THING. LOL
Happy Easter!
Some days are for learning the lessons, & some days are for counting the blessings. Be grateful for both.
Happy birthday sir! Live it up one time, you deserve it!
embarrasing, found our HS recording of
Thoughts? RT : I'm a freelance Photographer, Can I take pictures at iFest or do I need a pass ??
follow me bacc
Gotta get up early Tues so mom can take me to the airport. Got a 2 hour flight. Got a 30 min drive. Got a 5 min walk and I'll be on da beach
I leave in late July with just my camera gear and hiking pack :)
Lol. What's the problem?
Big new show coming this Wednesday! UPCOMING: Move The Floor Uproar May 28, The Black Dahlia Murder June 2, The Devil Wears Prada June 21
I just heard the cover of Somebody I Used to Know by & ...OMG.
Welcome to San Diego! Go
Donald Driver was underscored once again. What's up with Len anyway?!?!?
Choose a Gold Peak Iced Tea over Diet Coke and you’ll be getting a more natural drink with less sodium (zero mg to be exact).
To have another drink or to not have another drink...that is the question!
Light Skinned Niggas sit Indian Style on the Couch when they watching Movies!
I thought it was my knee at first... but that's not the core of the issue. How are you?!
Stevie better get loose with the jungle smack down freestyle.
then I'd say go for it! It's definitely worthwhile.
Well said. RT : What I do today is important because i am exchanging a day of my life for it.
Completed blog migration from Goggle FTP to custom domain using their migration tools, simple. New addr is pastoral.loudounlandscapes.com
OH MY GOD WHAT THAT FUCK
Not feeling so good, but I still want to finish one more piece tonight. Upcoming craft fairs & art sales are good motivation to create!
Also surprised the aren't playing in the season opener. Wasn't #packers #giants the obvious choice?
My dad told me to be careful in the sun today. Told him I wish but had classes all day. So he told me to have a skip day
Kudos to in Katy grubbing at Lo cals... My boy Ehsan has been talkin bout this place.
At 2010 #CIOSurvey learning about the IT needs of federal government executives.
Nemacolin Spa with the girls today!
A Reality TV show called "What Happens in Vegas..." a film crew picks up random folks @ McCarran to film their Vegas Vegas for national tv.
My company, TV Magic, provided free consulting to SDUSD which resulted in over $9 million in grant money for the district.
Forget about the shit that we've been through, I wanna stay here forever and always
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
Doors are at 7PM tonight at Warner Theatre.
thanks love. about an hour to go & i'm being a total baby:) eek!
Stafford pulling a Grossman
I'm on twitter! Lets see...this morning I slept in till seven, had some coffee, did some laundry, made my lunch, and just got into work :)
20minutes left of #champagnethursday! Make the most of it darlings.
Sitting at the theatre waiting for The Hunger Games to come on!
Working on it!
“: Nothing says summer style quite like " Her bright colors and fun patterns scream summer to me.
Series finale of east bound and down
May the 4th be with you. Do or do not. There is no try.
i hear ya girl! But really, who needs a boyfriend when you have fontbonne?! lol jk you have one.. hahaha but you go girl ;-*
Getting the packaging together before we launch this amazing tool to keep your animals clean and smelling great!
WTF?????not saying names but disgusting performance. U shouldn't be given a platform to share that art!
Mother nature is not happy
Day 1 was great. More technical than marketing, lots of demo, hands on, looking at physical changes in the hardware, etc.
Yep! Happy Wednesday, Ron...
I'm completely happy with the way my life is going. Good times, good people, and a promising future :) I wouldn't wanna change anything...
Thanks for following me.
I am ridiculously excited to see CHERNOBYL DIARIES. I've been wanting a horror film about that place. Looks creepy.
Going all on out on these Grasshopper pies. White chocolate in the mint mousse! Brownie crumb crusts!
What is one to do when they're in bed, naked & alone? • tweet
A free show is about to start at in OKC. Hurry on over if you're down with this mother folker.
Thanks for the #FF love Maria!
How about Wade realizes that most Olympians are pulling wages at some very mediocre day jobs? Maybe he can pay for their time off
The worst is when you just finish eating and then someone calls right afterwards and asks if you want to go get food.
Year ago today we bagged Osama bin Laden.Still neck deep in war with no end in sight.We multiply enemies & spend trillions.Will it ever end?
I want to marry .. I mean hes only like 15 years older but who cares! breaking the lawww
Hey, Edgar Winter just won Best Cinematography!
We just admire determined entrepreneurship ;)
I just can't stop listening to Fearless: Karaoke by Taylor Swift!
But they are useless. They can only give you answers. ~Pablo Picasso, about computers
Congrats to Phillip Humber on pitching the second White Sox perfect game in four years yesterday.
Well they are letting ppl get there tickets now lets see what happens
I was so sorry to miss this! RT : A4: culinary school before Valentines day. Great biz promo
Our pleasure! We'll be in touch! RT : Thanks for all your support You guys were awesome!! FYI, I can provide...
"This soup will not taste good. It has no stories in it." Arnold Lobel, you are the best. - DvL
I really want to go on a run but the fact that someone got shot today on my street makes me weary..
Wo comes to the mall in pj pants bitch this int walmart
It is the today! GWU Marvin Center Room 309, networking at 2 films at 4!
Listening to SR-71. Don't hate.
Introductions... there are so many people!
no , we only care about our own!
that's Ferriero and you can follow him on Twitter, dferriero
LMAo Elvis googling the word and looking it up on every website. You're not going to find it dude.
I hate feeling so distant from everyone.
wow angle no life at all then huh
#10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Sweet Love, Wet the Bed, All Back, Turn Up the Music, Crawl, Strip, I Love U, Say It With Me, Deuces, No BS ❤
That sound is Skipper laughing all the way from Bristol. ESPN gets one match (vs. Fox's 9) turns out 2 be best of day, best finish of season
lots of people, many scorpion bowls.
i like your style. brownie points and promotion coming right up.
via - Man Who Plays Devil's Advocate Really Just Wants To Be A Jerk
Wondering if our twitter fam ever got together, we'd write shit down to each other on bar naps in <140 character blurbs.
Drink smart this St. Patty's Day Weekend! A pint of Guinness will set you back 210 cals and a shot of Jameson is around 140 cals.
RT: u put in work lil man...Keep it up!<--I thought #sproles was the lil man, lol...PT was in #beastmode though!
Er... Methinks it's not THAT good. But hint taken, I'll work on it. ;)
oh no, now you've given it the idea :/ watch - It will be trending any minute....
Hungry hungry hippo
I just honestly no longer have any fucks in my wallet to give. You're shit outta fucks, bro.
What a weekend. Did not sleep much at all but my heart is full. Dogs rule, they love and trust everyone even when people fail them.
on ellen. Yayyyyyy!
My parents are still together.
Something Worth My Time, Is Worth The Wait. Must Be Patient.
If you're interested in UT baseball, tweets are following the game w/A&M right now.
how bout you shut up, cuz he's gonna be with me tomorrow
Some girls should eat make up xb maybe that will make them pretty inside :) ha
Glass of Thera-flu or glass of Moscato? hmm...
Hey everyone! The facebook lookbook has been updated - the website will be soon, too!
"Dare to be different" is the phase of the day!!
Woohoo! RT : Today & Tomorrow and we're done seniors!! :D #classof2011 <3
I lost your number ! What is it ?
a 9 ft russian catfish
celebrating the end of #WineWeek with an ice cold beer w/
The shakes are the worst. Good health to you Ian...
I want to be catered to
Gotta get out of here!
I need to bring my math grade up, I'm going to cry if it doesn't go up.
i'm so bad bad but i'm so good good~.
CMS stopped processing payments for 18 days in June 2010. If Congress fails to get doc fix before 01/23, CMS might be able to hold out again
I just picked up a freakin turkey and carried it across my yard. Whatchu know bout dat?
#shmalentinesday is postponed due to the stomach flu. :(
RT : On avg, green schools save $100K per year on operating costs. Could = two new teachers.
LOL I was just talking about that song literally 10 minutes ago...hahaha
I'm not excited for anything and thats what snuggie's are for! That's what i'm styling atm!
I absolutely can relate! I even have an extra bookcase in my laundry room full of entire series I haven't yet cracked!
you might have just made my night- i forgot i had some mad men to watch!
#StayStrongAshley you'll be in my prayers
yea I'm wearing a Hebron soccer shirt now..
RT : time for the ! #edshow Live, from Madison Wisconsin! # wiunion
LOL He is getting murdered on Twitter now
either way, he didn't remember it.
new version soon. Big changes for the Android version; small updates for iOS. :-)
Requiescat in Pace, Whitney Houston. We will always... yeah. That.
Yo, Morse - having a drink w Elliott before our oft-postponed one?
You do realize he retired from football (as a Packer) last August, right? Wasn't that saying he gave his last "hoorah"?
BVEN Boutique is making Valentine Jewelry for your honey!~ Pick your piece(s), or select from our beads and we will custom make yours.
RT : We’re headed into the new year with a twitter name change. is now Thx for following!
Don't assume shit, when you can just ask.
It'll be like, "oh? You tryN to mug me?!" *SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK!*
possibly Warrior. too hard to tell though
I have Skype I just don't know my name tell me yours and I'll add you
possibly. What song?
Congrats to my boy on his ROY award, kid deserves it!!
Some1 needs to wake up ! Lol hint hint
And actually I think the Southern model of racially-based plantation slavery was fairly unique.
Is nicki minaj ol dirty bastard's little sister?
Coaching soccer today. It's just hoops on grass.
Love how we get no help from other cities that have already gotten signings..
Use your eyelid muscles and wink at one another more often.
Dam I remember me and Todd play on rivera b ball team and used to crack jokes on each other mom and play 2k4 and sht dam r.I.p my boy todd
Mud Runs
We are # 2 in the world under Facebook YEAH! and Trading sendittomeokay.com come see for yourself what the Buzz is all about!
alright ! Summer body here we come!!! When we come back to school, oh girl!
My Wreck This Journal is coming along wonderfully. (:
RT : It's a beautiful day to vote. Breathe in and smell the democracy!
I take nothing for granted. I now have only good days, or great days. -Lance Armstrong
Watching Saw the final chapter:) not scary... Just bloody and stupid...
Sugar for my coffee. Where are you? You are so boring plain.
The Finom Ft.Rich Legendz - Lap Dance (On the works).
RT : To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on. ♥
Anothers says "we are sean bell."
we still buy presents....
Wake up bishes it's MARDI GRAS!! Some of my people been up 24hr + crazy ish! Lol. Wasted! My nights been ending at 9am then redo.
How do you "rough it", camping, RV-ing, a hotel with no concierge (gasp)?
Thanks! Gotta share.
Nice to hear - thanks :) Hoped to re-do analysis b4 #htcc but life intervened.
I don't smoke and i barely drink does that make me a good girl lol
My mama needs to pick out my weave
No prob, it's always interesting to hash this stuff out. It's why I do what I do!!
revisionist history =/
Someone give me insight...why is it when I end it w/ ex's they go str8 to dumbass, scum bag dudes who hit women, have no job, live w mom?
One-third of 2012, gone. GONE.
Wow, #chrisbrown bossed it on #SNL...seemed gracious. Maybe lesson learned.Hes young,we all eff up...moral:boys AND girls need good fathers
Less is more! #STC12 Lightning Talks
lmfao..i think someone is jealous coz i get more gum than they do lol
Going to happy hour at starbucks
I really, really don't feel like going to class tonight. I think my whole life has been a migraine and I just stopped noticing...
We are so happy you could be there! Did you see your pic in July's Issue of Tribeza from our opening party? Check it out!
oh most definitly they are going to do anything to make it hard to get high and enjoy it while public
Watch for covering of the flash mob at 6pm local time. Thank you for coming out to cover this amazing event!
wait.. I'm confused!
Four words, my friend. The George Foreman Grill.
Go get #aintnohalfstepn it's the truth
I think the world is overdue on a new art renaissance. Too many new styles, random things and clutter.
M BacoRT : Guess who now has BACON as a topping finally!!! Like this status if you love BACON!
You know it
": Most girls wouldn't put up with what I put up with in this relationship . I know it"
Why don't you go ahead and pay some of mine while you're at it. Be extra responsible.
A good idea has more risk than a bad idea. Be thorough and truthful. That will turn your good idea into a great one.
Only in Canada
You're welcome! I'd like to invite you to follow my page!
Yes! We have our #webstore up and running! Check out www.sperantsa.com and get a hat for hope! Help out Romanian families in need
Congratulations to the new EMS employee of the month.......*drum roll*.....ZACH!
Fast. As. Fuck
Time for cocktails! #wastedwednesday RT if anyone's on the same page :)
Productive night. Haha went to a Volkswagen car show YEE.
Clayton bigsby is a prime example of how black people should act
Best day all week! It's perfect out.
Creatives & Non-Creatives clash -Join Ad2 for "Coloring Outside the Lines: When Creatives & Non-Creatives Unite" on March 13th -Location TBA
It's been snowing HARD up on NW Skyline for the past 20 minutes. Most of the snow is melting once it hits the road.
Doing a #happydance! MT : Happy May Day everyone! ..we are to dance in order to awaken the sun for the coming of summer ♫ ♫
Always gotta be drama to ruin a good time
well aren't you just so sweet...i was showing off my made for dress legs then lol #hawt!
8 cups of coffee deep today... But who's counting
you're sneaky :p
We are at Zupan's Belmont / come by find Kurt (the old guy) and get a t-shirt / on you bike get a BOGO coupon
New Deuce Deuce Merch... Coming soon! This stuff is going to make your summer wardrobe F-L-Y.
People hate on Khloe Kardashian for not being as pretty as Kim and Kourtney. At least she has an actual brain in her head.
cue the Elephant Song! Ep2: Why is it Always a Middle Eastern Girl at the Chanel Counter? C + C Investigate.
Who think that is Amazing and the most talented person in the world? answer:obiously EVERYBODY! :) love ya!
We recommend Hubbard Park Lodge, fresh doughnuts! Or Trocadero. Always good.
love the new track! Thanks for posting
thanks for the precise words and for rocking out to Yumbutter! well said and much appreciated!
If I was in the Hunger Games I would fight for it or hope it was in my bag.
When you finally get comfortable in bed. BUT THEN: Fml, gotta pee
try using our hashtag for session :-)
<3 so excited for your musical world domination =D
I think all parents and educators should read the book, "Montessori Madness."
M&A Tip of the Day-When valuing your business, ask yourself, how do I extract as much money for my business as possible?
Because they're playing at Cynthia Woods. It would be different if they were playing downtown I'd bet.
Guys, a hint: Keep your misogyny to yourself, especially around women.
maybe ur school has scholarships for conferences
JAWS is my favorite movie! Used to be able to do the USS Indianapolis monlogue by heart...LOL (no life)
Haha yeah saw a lot of those! but i wish there were more girlz instead!
I'm pretty sure the past hour of my guitar practice qualifies as pissing off at least one neighbor.
NY is looking a little eerie, may be my imagination. #readyforadventure you??
And maybe it's because I'm a sensative person, but that just broke my heart a little.
Love it!! do you have pictures?!?!
Why did I hussle to get to this meetup in SF? Oh, right! the snacks for presentation geeks
Nothing much, man! Comedy and work! What's new in your world?
Bhahaha email them to me
"thats like, instant sloppy seconds!" hahahaha
Smokey eye! Sweep liner along lash line from inner corner 2 outside edge & soften w/ an eye liner brush. Use more than 1 color for intensity
Am I wrong for blaming Bobby?
We're expecting an excellent turnout for tonight's Oktoberfest Beer dinner! Can't wait to see you all!
I know will take some great shots of the #spazmatics tonight at
Is gracious to try out Google Wave. Thanks ! Perhaps a way to communicate with patients! Visit www.3cpdx.com lately? New look! =)
I mean, i've been a fan from Bon Qui Qui to Nail Salon to Solo de chicas. You're hilarious. :)
yes, I can send you one in the morning if that works.
Point For Teachers: Erika Janik cites her teacher as inspiration for her curiosity saying, "They told me stories that weren't in textbooks."
I don't know if you're playing with me or not, but I'm not about to fall for your tricks...
actually i think you might have to compete with a few million others for that job hahahaha
Counting Ryan Gosling's abs instead of sheep.
Well that guy is 'big time'...his tshirts will be the best ever!
I could really use 5 pages, but then I'd probably get no work done around the house - still my fav app!
Zen says, "I don't think, therefore I am."
I have a somewhat job interview tomorrow. Good thing I'm super awkward & will probably, involunterally, make some sort of sexual reference.
everyone please follow my rockin' awesome buddy > she is very talented, sweet, cool, and fun to chat with
Thanks Melissa!
St. Michaels in MD. Beginning of may.
testing pH samples of campus tap water in lab this morning, wish these samples would stabilize easier for readings
We all make mistakes, you just happen to be one of them.
haha & I'm busy Monday, what about Wednesday or Thursday?
My son really needs a sibling or two. He babytalks our seedlings when he waters them and checks on them everyday.
Had a great month
haha all we are doing is driving up with doing the fight and then coming straight home
pretty good just at home relaxing :-)
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. Alfred Hitchcock
i'm glad that i'm starting to feel better. going to hit the road to LA at 4 am to beat the traffic and get to a early meeting!
Mommy and Pops thank you for your endless support for 23 years! I love you so much!I promise you a great game from your son this weekend!
i have a half hour to clean my room, pick out an outfit for tomorrow, take a shower & video chat with my boyfriend.
email me at
Congratulations to all the new DOs and MDs graduating today!
" Same Category…Different Species."………
if I delete twitter I promise I'll add you :)
I'm at some place in Indianapolis called Indys Incredible Pizza. From the looks of the pizza it doesn't look that incredible.
Keep up the good work!!..
I'm back
Loved the Ginger Chicken recipe - it was absolutely delicious!
nap time biatch!!
still don't understand why i should care about DRM in the context of papijump and maybe a twitter app
Environmental Writer Paul Greenberg Speaks at Knox
bored... gonna go make a music vid (:
estimates 300 marchers. says "couple thousand." one of these guesses is prob off
i hate doing press events so late in the day. all day i have to wonder if anyone will come!!
yeah mid march went to a Randy Rogers festival in Texas, got to see, RRB, Turnpike Troubadours(freakin awesome!),...
understanding calculus >
So true. Had a great burger when I went, though. The one with country ham on it. M.
If you want to be great, you have to be a sensitive person
Just finished driving my moms car waiting to go skate.
listen to this #no breaks
Action is eloquence. ~William Shakespeare
woo to the hoo!!:D vnh.
Are you gonna make a Music Video for 11:11?(:
you should come over eventually! We can watch movies maybe finally watch HSM baha
When Easter & Sports collide, the 'Easter Epic', '87 4OT playoff game b/t the #Islanders & #Capitals. Pat LaFontaine w/ the winner.
weird. No idea how it got mixed up on calendar. Oh well. Thanks.
I am starving! This pizza needs to be ready already. 😡
me: I should probably go study now, I have so much going on this week. twitter: LOL NO.
ha, just random. Watched it the other day and loved it!
"Louis Vuitton Condom" is this for real?!?! My god it better be worth its money lol
Another shooting -_____-
iTunes just shat all over Last.FM and AudioScrobbler.
how r u though
Long hair she don't care
It's been a lovely afternoon at 's new tap room - patio was the perfect place to spend this sunny afternoon with !
Certainly enjoyed your presentation at #UnitedwayAtl today. Very informative
why didn't I just txted you that ? LOL
is there anybody left in deforest?
Taking a short break from drawing. I'll take a walk, have a cig, find something to eat at wherever's open at this hour, & then back to work
You only need to know one word: hagafen
. on personal and home movies "we've been tickling the dragon's tail for 30 years and the dragon hasn't moved"
You know , that's cool too -__- I totally don't care .
Heading to the Natural Prod Conv here in Vegas to see my awesome partners Tate & Lyle Vitamin Angels and Trace Minerals
Thanks for the follow! We'll keep u posted!
What a day
I had the craziest dream about me last night.
Mad respect for Lamarcus Aldrige, carrying the Blazers this year while supporting his mom as she battles cancer. SI article...
I'm watching a live performance of R5 and said Trish is pretty cool!!!!!!!!!!!!! xD
Just back from my favorite pre-shoot warmup: a 90 min beach hike. Now if I could only find a way around the 90 min drive to set...
hi emo kid
Gah! Worth it
Congrats to Cameron Wake on getting a much deserved extension with the Dolphins
RT I'm guessing , , are the only twitter users with
First you might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
I bought 3# bags of cranberries at on Jan2. Worth checking if you have one nearby! And crans freeze great.
#Atlanta #BEAUTIFUL #HappyMay #Hawks #Braves #Falcons #Follow4Follow #FOLLOW #followme #A #SuperDuperShoutOut to
How are things going?
reporting on the store clerk who opened up a can of Bear Spray on some teen robbers. Store clerk: 1, Teens: 0
Concert was sweet as fuck, I'm diggn on vanna and the chariot :)
Keep this lead!
RT The hallmark of great artist, coach, leader or businessman...out of extreme adversity comes great creativity!
30% Off Sale! Winter Clearance. Starts now
Thanks for participating in Healing Hands for Arthritis. $493,150 donated to the Arthritis Foundation on behalf of the Massage Envy network!
My brother: "for some reason I think ice in OJ is unprofessional..."
tryin to get this mixtape done
OH MY GOD, WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME BABIES GOT MORNING WOOD TOO?!
- Thanks for the welcomes :)
the little guy just high-jacked your show!!!!!!!
RT Before you head home from Fiesta, check out the 's Lighter Than Air Fair www.cabq.gov/balloon
thank you so much for both! You just made my day! :D
on my way over to save you from your stress! hang tight
Yeah I love when I'm happy then of course something happens that makes me completely angry.
win in OT!!! thanks to for posting updates. helpful when im on the road!
#IfIWasDatingHarryStyles oh the things I would do.
I did not send you a message? Thanks for letting me know! Enjoy a very Happy & Joy Filled Day:))
Discard any paths that lead nowhere.
TikiDolls! We've missed you all dearly! What have we missed in your fashionable lives?
Focused on having fun and getting goals done.
In all ranks of life the human heart yearns for the beautiful. ~ Harriet Beecher Stowe
I could see myself falling into this trap if it saved me a few hundred on maintenance.
Totally agree. And I know UW has the boosters to fund it. It's all Title IX.
"We have to be as authentic, engaging and truthful as we can" says. Love it! Cc:
Editing Barbara Fister () for this afternoon--always a pleasure, today also good on the funny bone.
Left cookies for the fat man.
What do you call a website for ghosts?
Ok ok I'm breaking up with you Suave, I need to get back with Dove... You have done nothing but make my hair stand up. The end
Bikini Hockey? Can we get that on NBCSN? I would watch it!
i forgot to watch pretty little liers crap
some rich fuck
I'll beat the pussy up up up up up up
Pres. Nixon died of a stroke on this day in 1994. He won a scholarship to Harvard but family had no money to send him.
its happening to everyone I think. Must be on a rotational basis
It's a new year and High Heat Catering is ready for some action. Stay tuned for up coming events. Farm tours pop-up brunch and more.
What I Really Do: The Best Examples of the Job-Themed Meme
“ HA HA i never saw this on twiter lmao <<<<CUZ BITCH I AM FROM MILWAUKEE LOL AH!”
Knowing when to stop pushing ends the wall...(Proverb from Sierra Leone)
never say never , i keep my head high you will DM FOLLOW &' OR RT me (: i belieb you will :)
Psalms 18:26 With the pure You will show Yourself pure, and with the perverse You will show Yourself contrary.
Online shoppers prefer to purchase in their home currency, so you’ll definitely want your shopping cart to make the conversions for them.
come on guys #HU4L hasn't had any tweets for like 10 minutes its not gunna trend at this rate!!
wow...he could have reached first if he just ran off the passed ball strike 3..wow
what? Really...? U going to LV?
Ps god I hate the mall. Especially on saturdays.
In our team meeting talking about the important stuff, like what our signature drink would be ... the UX'er, the Strategist ...?
This fool said, "I'm jealous of your ear rings, I wanna kiss yo feet girl." wrong lyric, lol.
Like you must be on some good shit to try & control him away from his daughters after 8 years of them being separated already
Friend, on chances of Lakers taking OKC if it goes 7: "Yeah, and if I can get Scarlett Johansson naked in my bed she might have sex with me"
this experience has changed my life forever. Keep watching my journey!
Thanks so much for the FF! :))
Jayda has a rash stay away from her xD go make fun of her ;)
Apparently I don't sleep anymore, thanks work.
Guilty as charged. But only because the song was stuck in my head. lol
- Like Status If You Are Wide Awake (:
Thanks for the safety goodies that arrived in the mail today!
": Should I smile because we are friends? Or cry because we'll never be anything more?"
Thanks for posting. Amazing times.
"TRiO's writing workshop was extremely helpful....I highly recommend this...resource." #IllinoisCollege #TRiOWorks ~Jasper Brown, IC Student
How many times today can I be wished a "Happy Mother's Day"?
In the pool, Nate is like some magical combination of Mark Spitz and Legolas
we're having the same problem here. Assumed it was just because we're all so good looking ;)
Spending my day off backing up my hard-drive. Just 6 more hours...
I'm not doing anything tomorrow
Me too. But it has to be done. Lol “: One week of WMC recovery. Back to crossfit today, tengo miedo.”
It seems we have different tastes in music my friend... I do like Ben Folds... Never heard of the rest - don't hate!
I may or may not have just bought another pair of Sperry Top Siders.
What's up?
lol. Your computer must have had too much to drink for NYs day.
congrats! We love to hear that!
Happy Thanksgiving from The Red, Black and Blonde!!!
Who's up for some big storms! We are!
Why is the lamestream media ignoring the fact that a '00 episode of The Simpsons placed them in Kentucky? Hate Real America much?
Have a happy 4th of July weekend!
Speaking of classic's, "To Kill a Mockingbird" is going to be performed at Milwaukee Repertory Theater; Jan.31, 7:30pm. Join us!
The next time i fall in love, I want to fall for someone who will make me feel taht loving him is the greatest decision i have ever made.
aggggggrogobig9, glgl today, u been crushing it, let's have ourselves some
Summatime in the City!
Blaring the Beastie Boys in remembrance durring this gallery install.
This weekend is the election in Prairietown. Will you kid be the next Prairietown Fence Viewer? Join us Saturday to find out!
Good, thanks. Just working on music as usual. How are things with you? Liked your showreel the other day, good stuff.
blah :p lol
man im to hungryy
Hail to the "nerds". The real experts!
Congrats to and evan hall on their big win over boone!
I don't even like eggs
“: #Gemini able to grasp the most complicated issues, then explain them to others in ways that are clear & concise ♊
Dashboard Confessional at Glasshouse is like a concert in h.s. auditorium with ASB selling snacks.
I basically have a 14 hour day tomorrow getting to do what I love
no it's not, clearly you didn't see this baby. It looked like a Bee stung it's face repeatedly.
#Vols are getting spanked and the #RedSox game isn't being shown on Fox here in Atlanta. Guess I have to take my medicine & watch this loss.
#FreeD'Haiti 
Mitt Romney won Florida by a few thousand votes, just like Al Gore.
100 years of Oreos! Looking forward to the next century of fine cookie fare, Mayan timeline permitting.
Bored of Republican primaries already
There were a couple, but they didn't really make sense. With so big an audience it was a big miss.
#AfricanArtsInThePark :Bridging African Rhythms & #Jazz. Aug 11&12, 2012. #Point State Park, #Pittsburgh. FREE. More info to come!
Being a girl is the best, we can wear guys clothes. If they wear ours, they get funny looks.
Tazzzzzzzer! Welcome back welcome back wellcommmme back :-)
Congratulations to our friends at the The Cat Network,Inc!!! Top 15 finalist in the Pepsi Refresh Challenge!!
I need rest!
I used to have a fleece onesie, but my stalker stole it :/
perfect, thank you!
Good news.
Continue to follow me
#3WordsForYou GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE! :3 [I still might be creepin' though.. So watch your back. Hah ] <3
mm to drink or not to drink, hahaha like that's even a question :P
Beware slouching. When the body is erect, the blood flows properly from heart to organ.
rayray is the answer
am now cleaning the blood off my knuckles from where they were scraping the ground as I hunted and gathered
Got My TURBO FIRE today! Will do the TURBO FIRE and ChaLean Extreme Hybrid schedule...by the time my B-day hits I will be FRESH!
Oh no! I'm in the wrong building! D;.
#same thing here just working on this music
See you when I see you- Jason Aldean
Oh. No. Facebook. :p
Need Alterations? Stop in anytime!
yes yes yes! I am seeing brad parsley at Wrigley Field. That should be cool.
ha ha ha! I will always be myself! The little dork I am! Ha ha ha
wen has to get off the phone to go study ):
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile: Show her that you care.
April has been FULL of blessings and opportunities. My best so far this year. Thank you
Oh cool! Would you be up for sending a snapshot of your collection to ireport+?
you guys always have great surprises hiding in that basement.
Not Cecropia, but a Pandorus Sphinx. Found it on the playground.
Vision going blurry and thoughts racing around my head
Jus Had A 5 Piece Honey Gold
what you mean, tell me what you drink? im on that kissin pink.
When your friend complains about you tweeting about them, then goes tweets about you..
It's fairly easy with an Intel Mac, assuming your aren't having hard drive troubles. If so, those can be replaced cheaply.
launch minimum viable beer recipe sharing app
now my hair doesn't want to fucking curl
Thank you for the RT!
#Ifolloweveryone who follows me :)
Thinking of those fighting for justice in Egypt. Occupy Tahrir Square! It's horrible to see police shooting protesters.
I really really really can't wait for the to open.
Still I can't deny the fact that its true.
NEC auditions: great new crop! enjoyed some private meetings w/ some new applicants My NEC guarantee: a life transforming experience!
We had a storm from hell last night and never lost power. Today we get a slight wind and the power has been out for 45 minutes. WTF?
Happy 13th Birthday, Welcome to the years of pimples, awkwardness and rapid bodily changes.
Window cleaning is in full force and we are booking up fast! I am wicked excited warm weather is finally here. the wind is another story.
DONE! Tell yer friends! ;)
Somewhere With You And Tequila Coastal Live A Little Ain't Ever Going Back again
I'm still here(:
awesome!!! we are working to launch a food startup incubator with disabled veterans - my email:
im gonna come over:)
not so excited for Christmas this! no spirit:/ just cookies:) #blehh:/
thank you!
My drunk vocab is begging for a translator. "Party in my cleaning clothes!!" = "Do laundry"
YAY!!!! A.C.A.T. will be at the third annual Fetch-A-Palooza on May 21 & 22! Come to Journal Center and see us! (I'll create an event...
Close your eyes , shut you're mouth. Before my fist knocks you out. *Dream*Dream*Dream*DRREEAAAMMM
lol gotta play wit u. U kno me
Malaysian exhibitors keen on Malaysia organising international show similar to Hannover Industrial Fair
thank you for the RT :)
hey Alex you so sweet and your probably never ever gonna see this but if you do please follow me :)
Funny thing is i wentto voice lessons, ended up getting help with biology, and he did a better job at teaching it, yet he's a voice techer..
Why we dont care": beyonce wants u to see these vacation pics
so Facebook said to the stripper: "can we take this private?"
I love the fresh smell of #revolution in the morning.
yep. wht u think bout tht beer it lookd pretty real and all foamy. possibly could of bn non alcoholic beer?
Testosterone in males decreases 10% every 10 years
sign in
Loved watching one of my favorite Aussies make a hole in one at 16...
37 chosen as 1 of 2011 Editor's Picks & Top 5 Indie Albums! We give all glory and honor to Jesus for this incredible blessing!
i am a happy camper finally got my digital performer 5 to sync with my akai xr-20 drum machine
If i can read what is on your mind, i will know whether you think about me like i did. Hihihi
How can ppl idolize a celebrity, but ignore their Lord God.
hehe...I know right? They smell GREAT on Friday!
love that young lady and you know I always have to send those positive vibes to you super diva! ;-) xoxo
helicopters overhead
Glad you liked it, and I'm sorry I couldn't arrange my travel plans to allow me to hear the Sunday panels! Did your go well?
Thanks so much! RT Loved reading your story on , ! Good luck with your kickstart.
No time to do cardio- literally run your errands! I ve been running from store to store!
Downsizing closets is always a little stressful.
Bruno Mars has got it going on! Old school performance, great voice, tight routine and a showman to boot!
Happy Good Friday and Passover Cincinnati!
"The powerful god Thor is sent from Asgard to Earth by his father Odin to learn humility. Once there, he finds a friend..."
So glad to see you! You and Alex should come up to MKE anytime!
DVR lied it's an old episode :(
Ready for this work day to be over with, going to see the fam for thanksgiving
perhaps but I hate my shelving... Too tall I find kids cuddling in corners! Eww!
You still fanboying..?
good luck aha
FOX Special: What Romney needs to do to win! Useful info IF you are running for President. Everyone else turn to ESPN for College Softball!!
Just discovered was the best musical friend I never knew I had.
just watched your solo from Hollywood week. Dude you are amazing.
“: To the person who decided that the package containing scissors can only be opened with scissors: fuck you.”
Grace V takes stage to a sold out room at
last night's Mad Men gave a whole new meaning to high-brow.
Lauren Appelwick: eater of fancy yogurts
What about meh?? :(
What about a medicated vaporizer?
wassup man will be out there in LA next week
you are the best Blaise!!! I haven't forgot we need to plan an all ages show this summer x
Cuz I can't take it when I'm gone
People do this over human kids too. So sad. You can't get that $ and time back.
OH MY ITS YOU. AND SCRATCH AND SNIFF. *mind blown*
Repent!!! RT The #Alpocalypse is almost upon us - my new album drops at midnight!!
My pet tiger has human blood. you have some explaining to do
you guys gave out bebos number!
why am I up?
Yo Spree, I respect you for choking your coach but if me would of opened the toast...done it before
At Rustys old 50 for karaoke n shots!
I need to do more tests with conditional loading of JavaScrit and CSS based on device and content.
Loneliness is the most terrible poverty. ~ Mother Teresa ~ Support autism! www.nourishedfamilys.com
You have no idea how much I want to visit the iCarly set, can you please tell me how I can visit? I live in LA, & it's my dream.
hahaha for reals their gonna be like you are not allowed anymore ah haha jk! & I THINK I don't work so yes I can go!!! 🎉😃
Definitely a great experience working with one so ruthless, hahaha.
Rush Limbaugh is just desperate for your disgust and disdain. Help a brother out?
East Long St. I know Toni West is doing a back training seminar tomorrow at 6 there you should check it out!
you need to realize that WOMEN make the majority of purchasing choices in the family & by not #boycottrush we will boycott you!
I like my wallpaper
Thanks bro!! RT : Happy Birthday to one of my favorite bass players
good call. I'll confirm time with who is running the show as I'm not in NY right now.
Anticipating the swine containment results (tomorrow?) - things are feeling favorable in Oaxaca.
Brain is fried. Almost finished Civics sheet; will finish in the AM. Bedtime!
I just want to sit by a fire and read some comics.
Be unforgettable.
I know but I ALWAYS get shy in front of people i've never met.
For a minute there i lost myself. i lost myself.
#WaysYOUmakemehappy u protect me you care you try to say u dont like me but u cant help but smile when u say it
we needs to hangout soon <3
Feeling like I need to be back on twitter!
I hate argumentation so much.
happy birthday brother!
Look at the questions they're asking.
#Buying The #Joy #Luck Club & A.I this week, so #excited!
Robert Todd Lincoln
In a world of 140-character sound bites, TPS still focuses on quality, not quantity.
At #sdsocialpanel looking forward to learning from the panel
Typical Boston fans crushing Wes Welker.
Guess I don't get to watch any #Dodgers games now that someone is XBoxing like crazy. It's cool though...
Grateful for a bunch of extra boxes at work that help with moving.
Just got in my car and realized I haven't used it since well before the daylight time change. Nice!
So, like this: "His wife caught him slapping Damon Lindelof's Joffrey."
Blaahhh my arms hurt so bad
are you still in the bay area? Would love to connect!
hi how are you i like your tweet
I was right the first time, stop confusing me! Japan with the line out. Eventually a penalty on Japan. USA put into the scrum
Really enjoyed your book; just requested tickets to your Slate/Future Tense discussion on future of internet.
Watch it, buddy. I'm no processed meat product ;)
. so much for that compliment! Haha correction "nice Job with the new website for The Men's Club at Shear Ego!" :-)
Can only improve from 2011, right? RT : Mike saying: "We will be a better tackling team next year"
Is so awesome !
Mr Hebron was super live!! Congrats to the winner, Diego! He's got mad talent!! The judges got it right!
excellent! We'll sort out a place for you to crash if you're in need too.
Thanks...looking forward to your tweets.
"Very Masterpiece Theatre" --- a reader's comment on Katherine Ann Meyer's novel, Grosvenor Square.
My novel Beyond the Summit has a love story affair between a Sherpa and American. Set in the Everest region of Nepal.
Water always has trace amounts of urine it in. It's a good thing for you all that I piss excellence.
Dodgeball tournament tonight for charity in #ArlingtonHeights Go Team Hot Tub!
I follweed her!!
Damn! Things niggas would lie & say & ish!
Once more...Lightning Round Q: In honor of What To Expect, who are your favorite cinematic pregnant ladies?
Execs mention DJs such as as new types of artists they can cash on
no problem. I especially find the batman suit very sexy.
taking the midterm !!!
This is probably the dumbest lab we've ever had.... Such a waste of time
#MKEDAY t-shirts available tonight at Turner Hall, Cactus Club, Cans, Hotel Foster, Riverwest Public House, & Sky High.
-- He Nice Tho , You Don't Like Him ?
Last count had us within 100 or so from selling out. Big night for
Occasionally I am amazed at the salubrious effects of social networking software. It's an interesting nervous system extension for humanity!
I have to check. I forget! I think you have to email her
man u too much! I needed that hahah having a rough day!
you don't even know...actually you do.
I know exactly what you mean :)
Hey cupcake fans. We are planning our fall menu and are taking flavor suggestions. Also dont forget to vote for your favs @ abqthemag.com.
In a terrible mood today :(
you ready to guess star on Reno 911 now? Or is it just one of those pedo stache's? Hahaha ;P
no poker on Xmas or New Year -- only NBA prime TIME :)
