#YouwereCuteUntil you started talking.
Ok, makes sense.
Shhhhh......my boss will hear :)
Creature report, creature report, CREATURE REPORT!
I am about to go shopping with my mother and sister.
#Broncos coming back from 0-38 will be biggest in team history.
In Chicago, "da" is a proper definite article and the only things on the menu ever are different types of gyros or pizzas.
ijs......... gotta call it something else.
Pimp All Daii I Even Pimp In Ma Sleep *ReAlMiKeMiLLz*
My momma loved her presents! orchids, perfume and a mother's ring. :)
don't listen to Kayla, on some hey, Lor you need to be on BGC
saw the trailer for season 2 of teen wolf!! Looks soo good! :D
Long, tiring bus & train trip home with kids in bitter Denver cold. Enjoying a warm evening together at home.
It is not once nor twice but times without number that the same ideas make their appearance in the world. --Aristotle
Sabotage ~ Wale : Lloyd
dad chanting to dog: "you my girl, you my girl, you my girl cause you name's pearl!" - our dog's name is maggie. perfect picture of larry.
RT “ We are all old enough to make our own decisions”
important note there is the geolocation isn't necessarily check-in, it's more like shopkick, aroundme. etc.
broskiii! What's your cheesiest pick up line?!
about 1:30 work for you?
Trucker picture request lines now open. Trucker picture scavinger (sp?) hunt now open. Top $ for lot lizards.
how did you find out?
Shoot I can keep up with anything or anybody SMH RT : I can keep up can you keep up with how I do
Nine!!! WHEW HOO! I absolutely LOVE the series! Can't wait, and congrats to you for creating such an awesome series.
"Be amusing: never tell unkind stories; above all, never tell long ones." -Benjamin Disraeli
Thank you :)
Truth! RT : Sometimes you want to crawl into a hole...and sometimes you want to bury the other guy in one.
if only you knew.
I spent midnight firing 3 full clips of ammo into the air on Modern Warfare 3.
whats up guys!
April's Prize:Ball & Chain DVD Rewarded 4 unlocking the "#1 Last Month"badge for all members of Big Brother & The Holding Company's Fanzy
I put my soul into every step my soles take till I cross this whole state, treatin the globe like a broke bank
Am watching Eric Whitacre and Morten Lauridsen live at Carnegie Hall tonight. And scored $20 tix too! Life is awesome!
Am I the only one who stops wanting to support their favorite artists when they find out they are 10s on the bitch scale?
maybe that's like a time limit? idk last time I took it was like 2 years ago, but then I only remember it being like 2 hours.
Could you please tweet me a Happy birthday? :D it would really make my day ♥
So #clutch way to come back and win Varsity. S/o to and others I missed
did u have anything else in the works like movies or anything
WOW. Love Facebook buying Instagram for a cool $1B. Filters for everyone…
what'd you have at Smashburger? Love that place!
Saw someone playing 1-2 who owes me 200. Get 50 of it off him then he asks if he can borrow back after "running bad"
he suck, all he should do is be da face and good look of da wwe, champion hell no dollar sign yes, he poopy
She just saved $600 on her stuff...
what was Fetish Weekend like? I had a fab time and met so many cute guys who didn't speak a word of English! ;)
wow ....i was born in milan :)
“ Visions or chill ....? Hard decision ...I.ain't been out n a while”
We're celebrating Halloween all weekend! What are you this year?
So many fanboys! I love it!
sup bitch ?!?
Great White Buffalo
There is a potential that there will 4 teams from Ohio and 5 teams from the Big Ten in the #sweet16. Go
wanna please follow me?(: youu seem like a cool person
Try our new spelt flake chocolate chunk cookies this weekend. Similar to oatmeal rolled oats, but spelt.
Going to bed at 11.. Don't remember last time this happened 💤
Why Is it hard to say Thank you - when someone actually gives you a compliment - people start to explain why they don't deserve it !
Bet if he found a girl like me or better then me . He would choose her . O well .
You turnt gay because you didnt think a girl would break your heart but she did
I swear people are bipolar with their tweets. Smiley face here, frown there. Bitch you can't just throw those in there!
mom came thru with that chipotle... didnt even have to ask her to get it.
is it a rainbow because it's a hat, or is it a hat because it's a rainbow?
That's what we need you for!
Dear Christmas , Could you get here already ? Love , anxious awaiting Alexis .
says won't see hybrid (SSD and disk) drives in the enterprise storage
Order sent to Stephanie in CA!
Thank you so much for the nomination ! Haven't been writing lately, but I will start again! Returned the favor, though ^_^
u koww u want me I know u want me they know u want me so just admite u want me geeze lol
I will In a sec. Please follow my friend on.fb.me/kus0IF he will send you some votes.
Winspincic with client excitedly await best of the year awards for products and projects. Cindy Allen greeting guests now.
There is something seriously wrong with Youkilis
And, if you really want to track this down, you can always check out, yourself or by email query, some copies listed on ESTC...
Seriously considering selling my car....and my heart just broke saying that.
Love! “: was fascinated to find history of Charlie Brown Christmas & that Linus crashed into a Coke sign in original!”
Bout to eat some raisin bran...
Jessica Biel could have picked a better dress. Must be saving good decisions for the wedding.
frankie edgar ftw.
love you Sarah ((:
I never realized how prevalent jokes about suicide were in this society.
We r in Pre-Production of a Compton Based Hood Movie (Action/Adventure) currently seeking Financiers/INVESTORS.
asking for forgiveness instead of permission does not work in a UNIX environment.
Headed to Indy today...who's gonna be there?
Well My Other Dude Play 2 Nite Blake Griffin And da Clippers Game 2 Vs Grizzles# Lets Get IT Blake
RT : Sustainable development is the only development that makes sense - Pres. Clinton
Did some bulk cooking today. Fridge is now full of healthy food. Now if I could only crave carrots like I do potato chips I'd be set.
its difficult here at the center of your universe.
We're at $1700 on our kickstarter campaign!! Don't forget to get in there for some prizes while time is left!
dollar store apricot scrub smells just like gain laundry detergent & it kinda burns. i love the smell of gain, just not on my face.
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman. Call now to make a reservation for 10 or more for only $15 per passenger!
The Institute is performing tonight at 11pm in SOGO. You better be there!
Si. I belong to deh whale.
Great day for a kick Roosevelt Park with the crew
OMG i just feel so humiliated by what i said omg i take it bacj all the way :-\
well don't text with them on for sure!
Hey! I miss my best friend :(
#dumbassmomentoftheday..Just paid 3.89 per gallon at one gas station..right up the street 3.77 Balls!!!
do you miss playin in front of the rg crowd?
I wanted to fuckin goo c silent house but damn i cant lol
i actually laughed out loud when i mentally compared him to mike garrett
you are welcome! Sorry I couldn't provide live updates! Cell Coverage was weak
great meeting u in person today! Thnks for taking time to introduce yourself.hope you and Ken had a great hike! best....
Ahh...45 minutes of down time. :) Reading a book and got some music in my ears. <3
Just downloaded the Midnight in Paris soundtrack ! This is unbelievable.
Don't trust what workout machines say when it comes to calories burned. They are often off the mark
I'm in need of a Drupal developer, so if you or someone you love has the skills, email me at
Starting a small press in Pittsburgh. I can't wait. Hope you join me!
Well shit. Free tix to see tonight !? Let your folks know about the show and tag 1st to do so wins.
Singer Songwriter Series showcase tonight @ 8pm. #Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA. 21+, $6 cover.
haha that is awesome!! My friend Hannah is up there this week visiting her family! what are you doing up there?
I doubt it's ever been done before but we're gonna giv'r
Don't have that privilege anymore myself. The herbalicious angle kind of ran its course for me a while back. Got some beer, tho.
After a very exhausting and emotional weekend (my cousin's baby passed away), I am SO happy to be back at work.
I don't get it about the NBA .... U play basketball... The end
“: Oh so you go tanning? I know Oompa Loompa's prettier than you."” hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
I know but I got my twilight!
RT : Check out this week on #mediachat. The fun starts at 10pm EST Thursday night! See you there!
Its started with our Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and it continues...Our first 4G phone is in and ready to go....Annoucing The Samsung Aviator!
TED-Ed is really cool, isn't it ? Played around with it earlier today. LOVE it!
Let's go we can beat these dudes!
New Orleans won the Super Bowl. The Who lost.
RT ; if your addicted too Facebook & Twitterr ? (;
REI says 500 miles, so they're probably very close. No obvious wear, yet, though. Might try relacing them and see if that helps.
happy birthday Alex!!! =)
true lol that's the story of my log
If you want to start applying let us know! We have a ton of them available on our website.
"my little princess" <3
If Jesus was darker, we probably could have had chocolate wafers for communion.
bowie is amazing, well I was listening to rhcp I'm just watching tv now c:
Skin looked sallow, so I mixed Embryolisse lotion, MAC strobe cream, and Armani primer together for a luminous base.
happiest moment of the day - seeing series 3 & 4 of Jersey Shore have been added to on demand.
these hoes ain't got no manners
I can't get enough of #rhoa. Someone get her own show
Just took my friends to prayer and it was awesome. Praying, laying hands, speaking in tongues. Was great
We are closed tomorrow for Easter, so come in today and get some books and goodies for your Easter baskets!
Dalinda is only 3 years old but if you see her she acts like shes 5! I have a handful 😁
#KatharineMcphee you are a star! So glad I coached you when u were a schoolgirl in pleats
lol I'm good lil ma' i b meaning to hit u up..
Now following back
As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, follow me now
"All you have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to you." - J. R. R. Tolkien
How many of you like brownies?
RT : Design for small screen, low bandwidth first.
Bored. Text
Bout to go to Holden Park with the family
;) always keep a smile even when your day is going bad
I hate not being able to text you whenever I want.
Saw a RT by re: London job. Then saw you're an Ohio gal. :)
any guy that wears RVCA is automatically attractive.
If Mejia can pitch the 10th inning, why must Ike Davis remain at Triple-A?
lol thanks sweetie :D
well I had no experience And now I make min after thirty days I get a raise and again after 90
love this idea, gobble, gobble
what do u mean? Lol. But followed
Getting a sponsor is as tough as getting an audience. For some reason the former expects that latter.
only if you play a role in the tv series. Hahah
All Of The Lights (:
GA;) whichh iss above miami which is closer than.texas lol wbu?
One year til 2012! Make every day count before the meeelllttdoooowwwn
There's also a game that creates empathy for mental health issues by forcing you NOT to play
new picture of our award winning Positive Directions Through Dance program!!! check it out # dance
So jealous. 50 and rainy here.
We look forward to your 4-hand piano concert.
Taco Tuesday! Can't wait to catch up with people :)
Im a fucking Colombian drug mule nigga!
Happy Presidents Day!
Thanks, Kimberly! She is a fast growing peanut.
HAPPY DAY-AFTER YOUR BIRTHDAY !(: you're my best friend and i wouldn't trade that for anything. Love you like a sister :D
Imiss my babe :(
i could explain to you what jerry means, but man, it's too long. ;)
Jack Ricchuito: you can move quicker to action when you don't need consenus!
Who cancels Thanksgiving?
Most people I meet--Republicans, Democrats, and especially Libertarians all agree: Lamar Smith needs to go.
Cupcakes available this weekend: Refreshing key lime cream cheese & fresh strawberry buttermilk. I already who has the 1st order. ;)
Finally unpacked my stuff and cleaned up my apartment... now to get cracking on some other errands
What music video should I watch next?
you could've pretended to sip it and not say anything about it. you looked easily influenced by the situation.
I hope it helps them. I know it may seem conservative, but it doesn't preclude a brilliant career in DH, and things may change.
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. It's the cross over which is worrisome.
Haha who said I'm gonna marry him? Lmao I would though ;)
I miss you!!!
S(he's) br(ok)en
Excited for tomorrow gonna ask me crush to the dance since my old girl was weird as fuck!
You'll need a purse for a phone of that size
thanks for the RT!
I know!
that shit was funny as hell, this land is your land. I've watched twenty times now
BOTH CREWS ARE SAFE.
even satan can quote scripture
Well let me know, I'll come to the show!
Will the battle be televised?
I knew when you held my hand, that it was now or never. Those were the best days of my life.
I feel your pain Kim, I ate 8 egg whites and mixed veggies for dinner...down 4 pounds since I saw you last week
question: Are you and Kurt ever going to make a new Movie together?, I think everyone would love it, I for the start! Love You!
These are not your Step Sisters Clippers. Possibly, your brothers.
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
Those things happen when you play the worst team in football.
You can tell me anything.....
Absolutely!! - RT : q2) but we can learn (together :) to do better, eh?
Yes, I agree RT Higher oil prices plus lower battery cost = more electric vehicles-- Seth Fletcher
I adore J.S.’s transformation over the years especially how she’s become a self-empowered woman! Kudos #Gorgeous!
I couldn't leave the house last weekend when Last Crusade came on. And then I was all "I came to see the TAPESTRIES"
Editing small town papers has totally ruined me for one-room schoolhouse stories. They just don't pack any punch after the 400th one.
Your my bestfriend your gonna say that. i g2g tweet you later!!<3 love you cunt
where u at
Hey! It was so nice to meet you! :) Let's stay in touch. Are you attending any parties tonight?
weird haha I always get random follows too and I don't even post that much
you're too funny, thats off limits, you can't talk about Larry's junk ;-)
Semester over and accelerated summer semesters start Monday..working hard to get this MBA and it ends in August
Be the change you want to see in the world.
oh jeez what did u do this time? o.O
Hopin sleep with fix things . If not then sooth the pain . . .
3 New Time-Saving Technologies
tell your master to send me better trolls.
Trying to catch up on following people back. I've been really busy and so I've been slacking when it comes to Twitter :(
Karla Powell with one out single but left stranded in UW second inning. After 2 innings, Michigan 3, Wisconsin 0.
Tryna use a rubber tonight
On a scale from 1-10 a girl with a nasty mouth equals a 1.
I am following u
We have a seat open. Come on over.
oh gosh. That was a pointless match!! Haha humiliating.
In the bed.
This song is not helping the mood right now 😢 #np Bridge Over Troubled Water / Chris Mann.
Come get a Good Luck charm. $13 piercings for Friday the 13th.
many shmokey adventures when I return plzzzz
If only u were in the Dallas area
I'm like the worst runner alive. Not even kidding.
love yu too baby
Why would Bo restrict Uthoff from the ACC?
Everyone, follow these instructions; 1)Get on Facebook (make one if you don't have one) 2)Search the page Elle Jackson 3)Like it #Thanks(:
so if you have a baby that day on a race day will kevin harvick leave and someone will drive his car?
follow back?
OH OH OH REMEMBER i always used songs to tell u how muc i loved love you haha (:
It's amazing. You will enjoy the wildlife.
Thank you!! I'm super excited :)
I feel like we are going to be #Hurdled this inning...
hahaha! Well, the cute ones and not so cute ones can be tools. Lol!
Seeing all of the "Most improved" and such awards being given out in the NBA, I want a "Biggest Fall From Grace Award". Dwight Howard wins.
? I mean.. Devils are playing Rangers. And you got PHX vs. LA... I don't understand the question. :-/
Sometimes speaking is an important thing to do. Nothing like a boot to the head when a stranger calls you out.
recorded my first song for The Transition album called Grindin'...it's the truth...to God be the glory!!!...thankyouJesus
my crontab scheduling is now aligned with the reproductive cycle of the cicada.
congrats! I'm so happy for you!!!! ❤😄
that Sir sounds like a challenge
my hair is getting nappy :) lol
“ Your partner should not complete you. That's your job. Your partner should bring out the best in you..”
You're in control of my heart
why do you keep doing that?
Not a good day 4 my #adhd son,FCAT writing test next Tuesday. I know he is not ready n his having mayor meltdown.
Getting my nailz did
If you're in Chicago, STOP whatever you're doing and get outside for a little bit. Lovely weather!
Happy Birthday Sweetie Enjoy Your Day!!
Wow, I just found a Guiness Book of World Records of 1975 in my bedroom.
C.A.P. is the name! Cali's Adroit Prospect. Up and Coming R&B Producer!
Not being able to control you're laughter while being yelled at by a teacher.
Im not understanding #Kubiak now! RT : They actually believe in Jacoby Jones,,,, man am I missing something in reality
That is really good of you
The Real #1 Rowdy fan here... I'm that guy that's cheering on the Superstretch when you go up front. Yeah....that guy!
#Seattle show me your #longboard ers!!!
Cat fight in the garden. Blood on the lettuce.
Stumbled upon Gregory Porter, his singing is phenomenal!
Click away www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
VASS HAPPENING!!! :P
Tim Clarke is boss. Interviews are end of May for CRCS position
I hate grocery shopping when I'm already hungry!
I believe Netflix has some of the better series from Classic Who on streaming, or at least they did
Ha! Too
- We can't wait to have in Madison you for the book signing on Saturday from 10-1!
#FreshStartMonday has arrived....let's do it!
Weird day... NBD</3
American Reunion best Comedy since Brides Maid.
You know my name, not my story.
More dip and more college baseball.
In the quivering forest where the shivering dog rests, our good grandfather built a wooden nest
“: the Raine is back! Cloudy skies? Nah maybe night .... SMH!!!
thanks for the follow Tony!
share the wealth
Oh, trust me, I have a mouth you wouldn't believe. And, I use it, often, especially on stage. I got resources.
Ah! Taking the Browns to the Super Bowl. Very good, sir.
I just need something new
I know, it validated everything I hope to inspire by participating in
lol, u said that like your mornings be turned up
What did you do for spring break???
strange but good!
The shirt looks cool! Was initially distracted by Captain Cane's ferocity. That hurricane looks CUNNING.
you're like 4,little do-it destiny!!
Is it an artisan donut?
will do! I think he's coming into town Saturday
LOL, Artun!!!! Hope You had an Awesome Thanksgiving! Why has it taken me this long to find You on Twitter? Er. :)
Their silence is sufficient praise.
shut up bitch get to work.
BtoBSocialMedia: Brand Image: You Are What Your Followers Say You Are.
The only thing I've eaten today is liquor infused pastry cream
prayer works trust me i know!
Shame on Alabama for passing legislation that will bar undocumented students from enrolling in public colleges and universities.
whose your pick to win the green jacket this weekend?
Watching the lightning show over Fort Worth while driving to the Stock Yards. It's my last night in Texas. :(
When I'm with you I'll make every second count 'cause I miss you
Dat A$$Gucci
TK FOOTBALL PICK'EM CONTEST. Who are you picking this week?
Moments of the game thusfar: 1. orange girl who caught Aviles bomb. 2. Ricky Rubio. ...Twins should put one of em into pitch.
#wewerecooluntil you tired to date me
yay! You spoil me :) I'm lucky you're my friend. Ps-- when does snow white come out? We need to plan that, too
Understand that I don't care if an #atheist calls out a #creationist. Just don't marginalize folks with disabilities when doing so.
Yay! Facebook!...I guess...
thanks gorgeous!
Ive said it so many times and ima say it again. FACEBOOK ruins relationships !
I have just created a new list titled 'Media Tweets' using TweetDeck
Remember, until you make peace with who you are, you will never be happy with what you have
Watching James Beard Noms Live via !
Thank you for following--have a great evening!
always puts on the most feel-good shows. Amazing performers and such a likable band. Hope to see you back in Dinkytown soon!
Timely :) RT : #Brewers fan yelled "Show us why you're here!" at Aramis Ramirez, who promptly delivers a three-run triple.
Tonight's championship game between Kentucky and Kansas starts now!
thanks! It would be a steep learning curve that's for sure.
Irony is finding out is following you while listening to matchbox twenty. WOOT!!
of couseeeeeeeeeeeeee :D
Justin Williams recogning young dems who lead their organization at annual JJ Dinner.
you must like hurting people's self esteem...smh.
so one thing i'll never forget.. stripping down in the locker bank. #yolo ;)
we love u
Tweet limit... Is the worst feature of twitter. Js.
I just finished a 2.08 mi run with a pace of 9'01"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
hm good bad and the ugly. sounds quite familiar
May the 4th be with you. 😏
With the amount of butter and sugar she uses in every recipe I guess I knew it was coming but still sad :(
finishing up tracks for song #2. trying to see if i can get my cousin from the west coast to do some vocals as well
HTC One X May Be The Best Android Phone Ever [REVIEW]
got my dvr set! luv your family!
RT : Catching a pass is so easy a caveman could do it. Unless that man plays for the Clippers.
isn't fond of cold water being dumped over the shower curtain
Exactly! Was just thinking the *same* thing!
I was expecting pretty maids all in a row
is it weird if we think of you in the shower as well?
Def hungry! I'm thinking about going to get this grub... Im thinking hot wingz
why is a raven like a writing desk?
haha gee thanks! I'm going tonight...motivated myself this morning and definitely will go tonight. I miss running
So I here'd some guy Won the Mega Million ?
well southeast :)
I always go for the spring rolls and Pho. The crab dangling is extra yummy too.
- I think the first record of his that I owned (still own) was Perspex Island. I love Jewels for Sophia as well.
What is a male ladybug called?
So much to do til Monday!!
That is a good idea too. I have tried chats via moodle and have not had luck with good participation. Any suggestions or tips?
is logged into #dearmyrtle webinar. am so sad this is the last night. has been incredible. hey - is there a chance to go weekly?
Watching my dad run a triathlon tomorrow! #fun! Then party time!!!
Good early morning Twitter!! Let's clean some windows, before it rains again.
Looking forward to workout with at 7:30 tomorrow.
Excited to jump in on #pr20chat tonight. A1: Knowing what your clients need from #sm is crucial, which will also help to plan out your time.
picked out the yarn i'm sending for the #reddit yarn exchange. now i just have to actually send it!
We're at weekend ... but the workouts don't stop! :) Heading to the fitness centre -- then headed to San Clemente to see Miguel's family!
I'm gone marry that nigguh.
im going to invite hotties & see if they'll twitter!!!!
we can help you out with your graphic design needs! www.stardesignsa.com
Perfect punishment for Diaz, feed him to BJ Penn!!!!
Today I'm faster than the world, I can't slow down
you know what they say about guys with big feet? ... wanna let me check it for you? 
Help Remove/Modify New ‘Clean’ Subsidies Favoring Nuclear Over Solar and Wind, HERE!
but I might not idk
thanks for the shout out!
Ah...i just watched a movie called "hatchi" I can't beleve it actually made me cry! Ha
I think is creeping
Good idea! I will tell the NMRT board about it. What did u want to know btw - curious?
Been to 2 of `em & that was plenty for me. B/t the drunks, douchebags and wearing a coat & tie all day, I got my fill.
Sunday Funday starts and ends with half price bottles of wine. We've got more than you can handle all day and all night!
Forecast for Tuesday: Occasional showers and scattered thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 70s. South winds 10 to 15...
(That moment right before you realize it's Ash Wednesday and you think you discovered a weird new fad)
i will think about it
Other gays looks >>>>>> my looks 😢
yes, I am glad. & I appreciate you taking the time to tell me. what do you use it for, if you don't mind me asking more questions
Afternoon, young world.
Browne: Dulles will not fully achieve its goal of being world-class facility without Metro.
Good to see ya KBC. Are you in Nawlins this weekend?
Hijacked 's lady for my birthday. There are afternoon cocktails and puppy videos, so he might not be getting her back...
call you this afternoon ...
Thanks much for the follow, Daniel. Have a great weekend.
well I went to Mexican today, and it made me think that we need to go together soon!!!! Least we will have this summer haHa.
You have me LMAO. At least ur talking about a 30yr old.I'm talking about ppl in there late 40s. I'm the baby I shld borrow from u.
Definitely go with the throwback :)
"Everywhere i go bad b*tches want hugs"
Imo's? That is NOT pizza. It's cardboard, ketchup and a plastic-like topping called "provel." Eww.
Y'all don't know what I'm capable of...
"People of accomplishment rarely sat back & let things happen to them. They went out & happened to things."
Thanks for the follow. I must have missed you when I was trolling the bars in Montreal!
What did I miss? RT : Yes flip flops and leather. that was a funny lunch.
I Love Hoe You Said " The Guy" . Neat ^_^ lol
i know lol i just wanted to add my two cents
I just sent you an e-mail to chat about advertising on Would love to connect when you have the chance!
I think the "Ides of March" only applies to Roman emperors and Shakespeare characters.
That nap was good :D
Brenda Teaching Cochrane Library. One class down three to go!
I'm not at home
#ifiwonthelottoiwould give back to the community...especially where there is poverty
Tuesday is a great day for movie! come check out
Free Instrument Repairs &quot;The Horn Doctor is In!&quot;
I just wake up :)
Steve-o on jackass takes a right pounding compared to the rest of the guys!
Blue books: check. Latte from : check. Shutting off Twitter: (almost) check. Let the grading begin.
For some reason, the second I saw your icon, I thought of Christina Hendricks.
Immediate opening for a Chef's assistant! This is an excellent opportunity to break into a culinary career! For details, call 414-272-4544
blog decorator
follow major moves being made
I'm baack monsters!!!, I went to six flags yesterday, omg, it was so so cool!, I had a great time, Missed you all guys!! <3
your my best friend I send you the super long texts and ish baby😔
#Cholera Update: All volunteer medical pros deployed to La Pointe working w/ NW #Haiti Mission Clinic. Situation changing by the hour..
Can't wait to make your weekend amazing!
Today is the day for getting things done! (Including returning from my twitter vacation).
. is coming to Chicago! ;-)
At Denver airport about to get on my first flight of the day heading to Columbus.
days delight in the fixed schedule. I agree.
who uses yahoo? Grow up.
My today's pre-workout super smoothy: raw almond milk, raw cacao, raw maca powder, hemp seed protein, chia seeds and raw agave.
all hell is going down
When you judge another you don't define them, you define yourself. ~Wayne Dyer
Mark from la fitness always calls me.. I think he has crush on me hahahaaaa!
TACO THURSDAY....
I never in life want to be someones "option" .... priority and first class only baby....I deserve the best....
Norton would have been great, but i am glad they found a excellent replacement. We win both ways!
. Thanks for all the kind words!
Oh my... bizarre indeed.
RT : : "Reframe your failures as stepping stones to your next win"
Is there a way to browse your site in a "classic" mode? The Javascript-heavy UI is really clunky & downloads seldom work in Chrome.
Follow me please !I will follow back i PROMISE!(: <3
um idk but why did you see me and zach.. o.o awks
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful
:) Glad it's made it into the spoken word world. (I say it, too.)
NO! don't hate it! maybe they are just close friends!
Safe sex is great sex better wear that latex before that latex says I think I'm latex, so rap it up...
Wish today was Friday
We need "Programmers without Borders" for kids and adults in emerging economies to learn programming from programmers around the world
Switched up my tunes en route to soccer game and had 1st win of spring season! Thank you !
i know that now i did grow up from that and LOVE MY LADY with all that i am
Austin will you PLEASE follow me back, and make a dream come true? :')
dont be a bully be s star
I'm off twitter till tomorrow cause I'm such a lamo
bugger, been busy and forgot to look. Leave it with me, need to get you Ombre'd!
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.” ― Zig Ziglar
Today is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day!! RT if you love grilled cheese sandwiches!
On the way home. Adam is crazy hung over and mo smells of whiskey diet
Happy cinco de mayo! Who's getting crazy wasted tonight? lol
+1 RT : Terrific game. Props to Tebow. I'll always oppose his hateful politics but he had his day on the field.
do you have room for me?
LOVE IT! Congrats!
You can do a lot of things to me, but do NOT play me for a fool. I'm NOT stupid and I DO NOT share.
Heyy can you give me a shoutout on IG
Boy the Avengers, got to be the best or at least. One of the best Superhero movies I have seen fun and great movie. Can't wait for part 2
Stop trying to confuse me with your ethnic C words.
I would slash, chop, steel sword you, I would spell you with my fire and slay you.
I might be interning for BET networks in the casting department.
I think the fact that this session is so full speaks to the need for greater collab. btwn libraries regarding erms.
My favorite place to read is next to a crackling fire when it's snowing outside.
Please remember: No open containers at #lastthursday. We'd hate to see you get dragged off into the night, and it hurts the local bars!
Glad to see you on Twitter. I should put your FB postings into Google Translator.
You're too kind sir :)
I can still feel my head on your shoulder, hopin that song would never be over.
cant effing sleep!
In the middle of 2 new website design overhauls and am AMPEDDDDDD
Except for the specials. And two-parters. And OH MY G-D IT'S AN ANGEL.
my tweet about it wasn't good enough for you to RT? ;)
Walkoff time dude. “: Yeah, that Loe is so terrible...*eyeroll* #Brewers”
Lol the creator of the haunted majora's mask story is doing an AMA on reddit
Expo at the Convention Center on Fri., carb overload dinner w/ my team last night, running the first leg of the Pgh. Marathon this morning!
I don't, not in recent months... :(
Nba Jam Sesh was all right... '04 was better than this years by a mile.. either way we had a blast! Flicks up soon!
No it's not. It's pretty disturbing lol, I just heard some random white lady say veggies on tv. Cool.
Temple Run is so addicting..
I'm having to make lists, that's never a good sign.
You always get double your money, a baseball game and comedy show with Uecker
just so you know, we're getting married. love you ;-)
Completely done with any work for school. Time to burn every notebook i own
Some interesting apps here at SXSW and
way to say hi. Rude!
looks absolutely NOTHING like that grandma. Your gran totally did! And I'm sure you were a little pumpkin once...! :)
Hey, Remember that time the CAPS beat the Bruins? Ya, that was awesome. Keep it up BOYS!
Thanks! As for JM.... he is major DB material
Put your lips on me and breathe.
Okay, So I want everyone reading this to set a goal for the week and take action steps to achievement. this is the key element to success!
Thanks for the mention! How are you using digital portfolios?
I’m running at the gym every other day, I’m walking or b…
okay thanks so much!
he'll suck mine this time.
LOL this is a 1st ;) rt “: it was a magical experience”
Please follow me. Pursuing acting dream 2nd time around. Love your integrity. And your show.
I'm doing well! The ASM role is going well. I never expected to learn so much.
"Well, the grass will die and the flowers fall - But Your Word's alive, will be after all." ::michael w. smith::i see you::
The POPLYFE Story on POPLYFE.com
RT : you're the only Knick trending Worldwide right now! The only basketball player period actually
"Hostage" final album teaser! check our page.. album out soon www.brothersfighting.com
Do this chick have on black angel wings?
You look like you spend your Friday nights at Chili's
Congrats on the new position!!!!
tell him I am going....God this is awkward please tell him to stop talking through you!
the new twitter<><><>
that is awesome, sir. AWESOME!
Work at Mindpsike! we are currently seeking a self motivated individual to head the division as a social media strategist/brand manager.
scraps watered everything in the yard. in scraps' own special way. u can thank me later plants in the yard!
we can celebrate with karaoke in 2 weeks!
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Thanks for the #FF!
Cyberpunk documentary viewing now. Interesting how much of this is still relevant. Information wants to be free.
Thanks Casey McGehee for joining us for lunch today! Go Brew Crew!
So excited to attend the Oscars this Sunday with the fans on the red carpet!
omg how wierd i was already ganna wear green for no reason but now i have a reason..haha
On with new Walkmen, alt-J, Beach House, and Joey Ramone. Plus, giving away tickets to X!
If you have to ask if something is racist, it's probably racist. If you insist something you've said is not racist, it's probably racist.
Also, any place that has 5 Joan Miro paintings on display at one time is OK by me.
Completely agree. Can we please play it on repeat at our TNT meeting??
Hey! Anyone know anything about the Brewers Point Apartments on Commerce Street? Scuzzy? Decent place to live?
The problem about breaking friendships/relationships is....You wasted ALOT of time on NOTHING, but you get a lesson learned.
Now following
And that makes me smile, so thank you for sharing that with me! (:>)
should of won a #grammy this year as well as ugh fukken
umm how much money did I help u win in black jack?? Lol
RT dealing with a lot of #Situations... You will soon find out. #neversaynever3D --I hope youre smiling. we're behind you xox
Me, too. Wish opending day would get here already!!!
Of course we aren't going to give up Patrick.........
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' Lucks Out With Release Date
It's 's birthday today but the official celebration is tomorrow with & !
it's my 16th birthday fancy making my day by saying happy birthday?:D
dnt forget to follow bck :D...and visit www.ykmdviscomm.com
Thx 2 all my friends & fans & guest stars Eric Comstock & Barbara Fasano 4 coming out 2 The Iridium NYC on Tues! SOLD OUT!! Happy New Year!
Ok. I hope it gets better for you. Banged up myself today.
damn, looking into that now. crazy...
Hahaha!! I despise people who fight over the internet.
when r y coming to Fresno
Definitely Tyler! RT : Props to for booking That will be one to see!
Sex is an invention to see into the future.
Did you get it yet? We sent it a few minutes ago.
I love how Don Wildman insists on getting into spots nobody has ever been before because he "has to."
my cutie baby is taking a shower! lemme in! ...just kidding!
Thank-you!
Most relationships will last longer if the female knew how to shut the fuck up. And if the nigga knew how to keep her quiet.
Moving in Sep can't wait
Europeans take May Day seriously. Closed shops,celebrations & demonstrations every where. Fortunately good restaurants open.
Just put the finishing touches on my latest workshop. More details soon!
Just passing Muskieland. Back in the day we would be getting ready to order Earl s pizza. Great times
So glad you could join us!
I'm in a gaming mood then I got a game tonight :)
I am out exploring the great NW for the next great coffee drink
'Worry about what you can control' Cal McAllister
holy moley! "The Guild" made the front page of MSN. What the what?!?
Still on the carne asada run for class today; I shall be late arriving at the HRC, closer to 217.
Seat 2 is a straight killer from compton
Great News! The missing girl from Issaquah (Jamie Gilbert) has been found safe.
The saint is the place to be!! Dj slic ric n dj deton8 in the mix!!
TRULY excited about my new project…look for more updates SOON! :)
what now jamir ...
Visiting the Atlanta Food Bank - they distributed 34 million lbs of food last year!
I love this photo so much. Especially those glasses Heehee
5 on 3. Uh oh. If we do kill it thought, huge momentum.
12/12/2010 Holiday gift book suggestions for authors - 2010's best writing books - Pt
yall work with artists????
Nothinn better than a nice run on the beachh 👍
Sorry i just got my phone back HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope you had a great day Love You :)
90% Asian kids nearsighted
i LOVE THOSE WHO LOVE MEH..EVEN THE HOES THAT WON'T LEAVE Mi MAN ALONE..HAHAHA i KNOW HE WORTH iT...💋
"If dignity was money, you could maybe buy a soda."
Wait, the baby is here or isn't here? I'm serving as the Greysen correspondent for my household. How's Hayley doing?
shaking up my summer salads. orzo with grilled corn, tomatoes, red onion and herbs. yumm yumm.
thanks for the RT!
Dedication: ENASAINO SALVATORE BELLECI, I miss you everyday dad. I love you.
You can go down any road, as long as you're willing to make the journey.
your weirdness is creeping out my imaginary friend
Say yes to half marathons y'all! That was seriously one of the most fun things I've ever done!
#Istanbul is an incredible city with enormous cultural breadth. Getting away from the crowds in the side streets, this is a city for writers
Now: Falling in reverse
I want that blazer!
Not sure what John Harrison is doing these days. Wouldn't surprise me though!
Only : G
Yes! Sad I missed it but much more happy that he did it. Let's go Rice! RT : Humber! Yes!
Shout out to my new adopted son Kaan in Turkey! Just finished a 2 hour Birkman consult via skype. I now no more about him than his mother!
Weekend--I welcome you with open arms! Happy Friday, friends!
Ha, well it's no Nokia flip but it's nice. No real reason to spend extra $ on iPhone.
only the best lip balm ever.
“: What do you think 'bout RAW tonight...any predictions or do you just wanna be surprised?” Surprised :-)
i wish i could be one of those girls who have their head held high in the hallway because they know theyre pretty...
Osweiler gonna be a good NFL QB
and I are super excited!
Happy Mother's Day! Everyone should be lucky enough to have one...or even two.
Current obsession: "Scream" by Not sure how I missed out on this song for so long.
sorry about ur bday. Im sure took shots 4 u
I think that should go to beaches of normandy at white river paintball this year
I now understand why tech keeps getting smarter: IT guys do NOT like to interact with ppl.
"Most Annoying" and "Worst Human Beings On Earth" is what that gaggle of retards on that show were saying. Mohr is a dope.
Didn't work out for a day, gained 1.2 lbs. Okay.
RT That sad moment when you realize you care more for someone than they care for you.
I think, therefore I am... don't you think?
Kokuryu Diaginjo (Gold Dragon) #sake. Flavor profile: grapefruit & melon. Very good and goes with something sweet. Not my top personal pick.
"just another day in paradise" ~ people unhappy with life
whats wrong lady??
The After Eight Club tonight is and myself. Woo!
Cloudy Saturday -_-
Every single player for the Patriots is choking right now except Tom Brady but he'll be blamed for it.
Except for the past two days lol RT : Follow iAmMissKarma she keeps your timeline active at ALL hours
aww! Hope she feels okay. I did the same thing! Still have the scar under my lip!
Thank you very much for connecting. Can I submit a play to you? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
There can never be one day that everything goes alright
How about create modern art?
Oh sweet jesus now the Medlibers are complaining about the violent occupy protestors. Please tell me that email was sarcasm.
We are a collaborative industry by nature. We are stronger together than we are apart.
What questions would you ask Fr. Pilarz? Tweet your question with #muprez and it may get answered at the student forum on Monday!
Got a new charger well its an camera charger but not the point!
Not staying in the house today
Volunteering at the #FlowerShow Tonight
thanks for the follow and being my fan on FB
Watching a movie on Lifetime called Triple Dog with Mona from PLL & Cassie from TSC.
Lovvveeee this song...Miss you Logan!
idk, but I wanna deactivate it again lol
Hey why did the hipster burn his mouth on his pizza?
made my first cellphone ringtone. I know, I'm slow.
How things can change overnight!
RT : FLASH CORRECTED: Magnitude 7.1 quake strikes southeast of Atka, Alaska (not southeast of Alaska) - USGS
I'm gonna miss carbone :(:(
amazing dinosaurs from Utah. Spectacular stuff.
im pretty sure there will he a maingate logo on it so that'll cut cost a lot. Corporate sponsorships help.
Thanks for the shout out!
Sheesh every #brewer game a grind
Black females with high ethnic identities are also having high levels of achievement
Word Up
well not all guys have personalities that trump all other, pardon the pun, shortcomings ;)
That reminds me, we need to have a Nebelung playdate sometime!
Wish I could say I was surprised. Sad, frustrated, angry. It's a commercial service run by ppl w/ agendas users may not agree w/
did you find it
Don't forget about GoodDogs today in the Menil parking lot until 2PM...Tomorrow-- Menil Community Arts Festival--Come get your Serra poster
5 Card Studs take the stage tonight at 9:30, this is an amazing show you will not want to miss. Come in early to get a front row spot!
RT : Wal-Mart Joins Hollywood&#39;s Physical Video Push By Offering Digital Conversions
hell yeah I do “: Don't u hate broke niggas”
im stupid i put #asswhole when i meant to put #asshole haha i need to really pay attention in class:/ haha i hope summer school pays off:)
Jack Johnson playing, mint julep mud mask, & setting up my internet ...
will you please follow?
its so calming in there lol
So what are you wearing on OSCAR night?
#ff 's chest hair.
Watching the AEA stream: Yes, content may be king, but CONTEXT rules!
In abilene tx for a graduation. Local media here for Phil Collins to receive an honorary degree.
Hey Roddy, Mattie Ice it is crunch time fellas! Need a win this weekend.
Thank you!
Has been traded to ?!
Thanks for the follow. My book has a pirate but not such a dangerous guy as yours.
am I lieing?
Been off Twitter for basically a week and I'm ready to make a triumphant comeback tomorrow
See you at for a crazy scary Halloween Party! DJ starts at 10, Amazing Drink specials ALL DAY
Dr. Murray is clearly an asshole. He should go to jail for this and not to practice medicine ever! There are loads of Dr. like him in CA
i will be posting pictures of alot of the cosmetics in about 30 mins
Sorry for the unfollow! But if you wanna talk hs/college sports or recruiting info we're game!
Nice Pix of the dogs at the lake. We've got really cold weather this year - doesn't seem to bother them.
Haha! True that.
we are looking forward to being in Chicago!
that actually happened on my walk home from the subway today
Are you ready to let go of the old so the new come in? Replace old thoughts that do not bring you peace with thoughts that do.
It's making more and more sense for them to send us samples :)
Nunez has to play SS every day. This platoon with 3rd SS 2nd and outfield is a failure. But he can run and rake!!
I need genuine positive energy no matter where it may dwell..love you TiGiNii
Was Nightcrawler ever in the Avengers? Cause I'd love to smell of brimstone & sauerkraut.
So are you a bsr i mean did you buy a membership
I forget, has Nadal won all four slams? Not sure about us open?
My twitter account is exploding! The number of followers I have has quadrupled in the last couple weeks!
my 11:11 wish will come true later today! I get to meet you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Survived my first apocalyptic prediction of my adult life. From the wisdom of my mentors, I can expect many more to come.
Your point?
The original Anime Mosh Pit songs, finally recovered. Fuck yeeeahhhah.
can't wait
I bet Wiz is gonna have the most people at any Memphis in May performance ever.
AFC wins Sunday, finishes 3rd. Then I'll take Newcastle finishing 4th/knocks Spurs out of CL. Then Chelsea loss.
#snc12 after party is off the hook!
New Magazine App Doesn't Measure Up - Southern Pines Pilot
Bourbon and ginger at the airport. Habits die hard.
Check TwitScoop.com
As Black History comes to a close we are paying tribute to one of Americans Great Dancers Katherine Dunham. Born on June 22 1909....
4.56 per gal x 10 gal = I just paid so much for gas
One gap in #edtech science classes: hard to have labs when you're online. Looks like is building a compelling virtual solution.
Hi Beiruta, I help people to get started making money online by providing generic business building tools/ services etc. for free
Do me a favor and follow the Homie Young Rapper out of Houston Texas!
i guess i was sad so i started listening to elliott smith and now my heart hurts
I'm asking a question? Very interested?? Borderline stalker??? Angry stalker???? Matter of life and death?!?!??!!
More winter...enjoy the Sunshine while it lasts #portland!
lmao :P jano stayed too like wtf ._. I also cut today :P
I hope you're looking for yourself on that list...if so, congrats and I hate you, I'm jealous..just kidding CHEERS!
Think of Mon's show "We are Family: Stories about Ties that Bind" as a warm up for Thanksgiving & all of the family holidays to come....
I just got the most bad ass Ohio State lacrosse shirt
My earhole closed D:
Excited to be added to the line-up of the Gram Parsons Guitar Pull in Waycross Ga this October w/Jim Lauderdale and Ralph Stanley.
S/O to for being cool and real. We use to talk but we dont anymore. That should change! #followhim (:
I remember when used to tweet me...
go Detroit tigers
someone just tried to high five me and I shook his hand >.<
on the bus to Boston with Sam, jamming to music
tweet me a picture of you and I'll ship you with one of the boys !
I need to get a new phone...tired of this damn thing not working. Smartphone my ass -___-
im good U?
Help your friends as you can right?
no! Do it more often!(:
Lost many a game to 4yo nephew/6yo niece. Probably because we played by house rules. Guess who was the house.
I hate when I'm in one of those moods that everything annoys me..
Oh, thanks. Now that song is stuck in my head. :P And, I agree with 'genius'. SoMe! SoMe!
This is the latest I've stayed up in so long.
Hey, thanks for the follow! We appreciate it!
RT : Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. -African proverb
The announcers in that Penn State game on Saturday covered a variety of topics. They basically touched on everything except young boys.
i can listen to don't give up on us for hours, i really hope i get to see the maine again in the fall (:
You waiting for bats?
I really hope Jim Irsay knows what he's doing.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao-tzu
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided. ~ Casey Stengel
I only asked to use the car to get my clothes and come back ; it turned into a freakin field trip with 3 other people .
Yeah… I thought I was leaning toward the digital side but if film is the side w/ enriched Uranium - I'm ALL FILM!
da shit that ppl be talking bout these days be so irrlevant..
GREAT! Looking forward to it!
Everytime we finish I could see it in your eyes.
- "We have to decide on our values, and figure out why we're worth talking to - in a world with multiple allegiances"
"I make his look gross" - A Microscope
Best tweets
sorry to hear you're not feeling well, KK. Feel better soon. I'm well just busy with contracts.
Yeah guess its just a rap thing lol. There were some for 50 in London and cardiff but they had gone : ( x
too bad i wont be able to try that until churchill-laws family reunion oh joys
The homoeroticism in Troilus and Cressida is not holding my attention right now
Octavia is a bitch!.
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day... Smoky Jon's #1 BBQ has the best fans ever!
I think I might be able to #forgive you if I #getatextback !!!
Some of them do!
Don't forget to include your definition of success and how you will measure it in your tool kit.
Do x-rays come out of all black holes?
EXCITING NEWS as this morning we announced that the inaugural Umpqua Bank Challenge raised $100,000 for non-profit partners!
that's the problem. Most Americans aren't intelligent enough to follow the pace of hockey
#FF He is a great peep
"So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable."
Everyone needs a good food fight every now and then.
Happy April 1 You looked gorgeous last night!
Just tell me Skip's not on TV. Please. tell me skip's not on tv wearing that ernge shirt with the blue jacket in denver.
Zayn needs to stop tweeting too much. Don't want to be on tweet limit!
damn u got ode followers :O
Iconathon attendees if you worked on the;Parking Meter, Broken Parking Meter, Pothole,Barking Dog Flood, Graffiti Removal icons let us know!
Push him out, push him out WAY OUT! Push him out, push him out WAY OUT!
honestly, not digging that tune. Kind of boring.
: and an tell you that Latissimus dorsi muscles are on the back. Just don't ask him to ID the Kardashians.
RT : Great news, moving forward to full Council!
All I want to do today is lay around in my PJs, draw, and watch The OC.
A delicate balance Iranians dance..eyes look 2 America for support while risking life &limb for freedom to vote.. but r our hands tied here?
Dis mane killin piano.. Can't wait til my lessons begin!
omg, i know! I was freaking out! It should be back on soon. You can try live nation or ticketmaset to get some. I think ...
not fair!
People pissin me off while i tweet!
no worries! I think it's something w/ the iPhone. I've accidentally unfollowed folks & didn't realize it. Thx 4 following!
Marco Arment (), founder of , is talking about Bridging the App Gap
school makes me wanna kms
Groveland: Less than 20 Minutes..Heavy rain/wind
you should've done it!
U are awesome! Thank you for following!
The Weeknd 2012... fingers crossed for a cameo
I had my eye on that one myself. Nice choice!
Hey Kim are you in the Dallas? If so i'm having a fashion show this weekend that your more than welcome to model in. HMU
Tune in to Trackside tonight 7-9pm ET w/ + is on w/ & Tony Cotman of
lots of thing to do in one day bro
was wonderful last week in Milwaukee! Talked to so many radical bride-to-be's!
During the event, Halligan and the other panelists will evaluate a content marketing strategy for one of the event's attendees
I always have the funniest conversations after midnight...
I will never slide, never fall, never fail.
Ready to drop this years celebration log at field! Who will get the first slab?
THE GREATEST!
Jeff Beck will be at the Uptown Theater on April 16
just got off oovoo with my best friend...I should probably go to sleep soon
Are we no longer friends today? We're always here for you!
Listen to my radio interview on the Iain Macfarland show on Saturday morning, October 1st at 9:30 am on station 1670 WTDY
#smcbooks has some great stories about their medical flights. They get it.
already comin strong with the travel minutia updates. See you in SB.
Watching the Fight lol metro pcs is one of the sponcers haha
If Warren is so upset at amt of #taxes wealthy pay, he should just sign over his entire wealth to the govt. RT
my iPhone finally accepts the fact that i'm not spelling "hella" wrong
Tic-Tacs and a coffee creamer
hahaha 56 followers love you so much
the emerson:)
Absolute clinic in dribbling by #El Tri v. #USA in #CopaDeOro. Match over. #Mexico best in the West.
cutie...bet you've rediscovered the meaning of love, eh?
It's so cold in here. I don't have a sweatshirt, but I found a hat at the bottom of my drawer. Now wearing a t-shirt ... and a winter hat.
OH: I'd rather get drunk for free with police officers
"Stupid questions get good answers."
Troy Murphy looks like he got hit in the face with a sledgehammer
Jim Irsay is a big time ego maniac. L
house work always loses!
Swag drip
We getting old too fast!ha
haha dude I have no idea. He just textedme saying what time to go
Theocritus of Chios~ Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
In and out of Austin for 20 years and finally experiencing my first ACL! Kayne & Coldplay tonight!
HERE WE GO!
Great I'm just having fun
Happy New Years to everyone. We are looking forward to an awesome 2012 for HW\m/
itching to pick up mario strikers ... damn you real work!
sounds like a great opportunity ! How does one submit music? Thanks.
Karen Zapp (KarenZapp) thanks for the follow.
Libraries as "community anchor institutions" in FCC National Broadband Plan, thanks to
RT “: 7 am, waking up in the morning. Gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs.”
- thanks for the RT!
Indeed! : is reading Montgomery letter from Used this letter in the CW150 HistoryMobile for
I never text you anymore? You know phones works both ways right?
Great point! RT : Twitter is diff from other job search media b/c of its brevity. You HAVE to get to the point.
Ladies: ever buy a pair of shorts that look adorable the first wear, but require an engineering PHD to iron properly?
Woohoo! RT : Finishing up the final paperwork to join the this summer!
Great first day on the field today! A little cool and windy by the end, but a VERY productive day 1.
schedule hasn't been made for next week yet, so I have no idea.
If i was scared have to death twice id be dead rite? Well if thats true ive died like #3million times!!!
On Wednesday we are hosting an all freshman model United Nations at #lindblom You are invited to stop by if you have time.
Thanks for a great Friday discussion! Enjoy your weekend
Move Over, Kristen Stewart! Alicia Silverstone's Also a Vampire - E! Online
I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine - she helps me grow, prosper, and reach great heights. ~Terri Guillemets
loves Four Loko, therefore they are our friends.
Oscar Levant~ Happiness isnt something you experience its something you remember.
omg I'm scaired
once state taxes come in i have to spend the money on the praxis tests. this sux. so. hard.
First year in a whole i got a cold and im confused on how to treat it
Testify tomorrow concerning the budget cut to Human Services, esp $7million out of homeless svs.
Who hates Mike Emrick?
she looks SO sleepy, lol.
But my computer apps grade went down a bit . WHY . -.- cause my teacher won't be here for a week and my sub let's us to anything .
Apr 20,1922: Churchill has self-described 'disagreeable bump' after falling from horse while playing polo.
I just played with someone on Black ops with a name of Paynefull something like that lol I got so excited!
Does anyone on twitter speak English?
Making your dog and cat feel better-that is our ultimate goal.
Today is already becoming an awesome day :)
Assessments are starting point for instruction. - Bambroke Santoyo
can't wait for to see those
Already do(:
Worst teacher I've ever had..didn't even have to go to school but HEY IM DONE HIGHSCHOOL
Keep my name out of your dirty mouth.
Why do I feel like it takes FOREVER to get from Udistrict to Downtown #Seattle on #Metro? This was express too!
“: Every city needs !! Have a great day!” we agree
Congratulations, #BennettOlson on thinking outside the box and creating a #Billboard #Resume. You inspire our
besides, you were here at the beginning, makes you a guest of honor :)
With you- 3hr client mtg myself. It's a date in March. I'm at SXSW 9-13 & hitting the CO slopes end of month. What dates?
two things to google- Otters doing cute things and kids playing cover songs on recorders
Stupid Bears???
fish and chip head ass boi
thats. So. COOL!
winchester? its a sunday
R.I.P to all the virginities that will be lost today! :P
Might go back to sleep.
Love it! The shades are a fab.
You have an outfit?
blue sky above my building right now, so no snowmegeden
Waking up at 5:25 and hearing my mom just get home after calling her at 12 and her responding "I'm on my way"
Cool story,now you gonna tell me what really happen. no.
what are you saying?
Oh well aren't you just lovely....
What does niggardly even mean?
I think I actually passed a math test for the first time its a miracle
for what? Lol
While dreaming about lying awake in bed, you still wake up well rested. A joke for you, by you.
Great article in to discuss Osama bin Laden and presidential decision-making
Woke at 4 am, couldn't go back to sleep. At 5 am, I did Yoga Booty Ballet's Burlesque workout. Interesting start to my day, for sure!
All Stars Tour date in Indy...8/14. That's a goddamn Tuesday, and school will probably be in then.
I still cannot get over the fact that they remade Footloose. I was there the first time around. It wasn't pretty.
in the car w.my mom & sister
Women who expect a literate, intelligent, and profound man but bring none of that to the table ««««
Fresh Out The Barber Shop Fresh Ass Taper.Its Problems Bitch.
Pretty sure I saw tour boat speeding across a lake on last night!
Couldn't agree more! RT Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
Anne, weariness of sorrow
Thanks for the follow Penn Yan. I'm SURE you listen to RIGHT?!
just one more day to get your ARTRAGEOUS art and design submission paperwork in! visit www.thecenterlv.com
Now I understand why #RegisPhilbin left #LiveWithKelly. He's the new coach of the
AD playing the point running the break!
Today is Johann S. Bach's 327th birthday. What are you doing to celebrate? ;)
"If your not weird, then your not GRAND." 
I'm embracing my Spotify Junkie! Empire State of Mind by the StateFarm kids while I'm editing #TheRealtors by
Today is all math all the time as we're two down in the lab. Although I just snuck a peek at some bball scores.
And thank you... You deserve that support! un gran abrazo tambien!
Last of the non Cleveland stores! That's a wrap folks.
I should have been a football player. At least then, my name would be trending on Twitter.
haha tell me about it
Alabama vs. LSU might be the 2nd coming of the SEC Championship but to call it a National Title game is a flat out joke!
word. every relationship u grow from & learn from do u have any friend us see every now & then
Dope man! Keep me posted... I'll be hitting u with some more beats too.
Yay! Super pumped for tomorrow night :-)
aww u are so cute baby <333333
Hahahahaha it literally is so scary, I love the fast bed
Can God create a penis so big that he himself cannot suck it?
Wow really good example of an automated response #social media #fail I remember when you gave me cookies now you suck
I think MOG is filling the Lala-shaped hole in my heart (and ear). Radio just played Detektivbyrån, which I'd discovered then lost ages ago.
USA's three runs are the first scored against the Cajuns this season.
I love Chipotle, but I would not go here again JUST because of the nosey woman on the register who does nothing but complain.
the eagles suck!!
broken iPhone,, sucks/
Installed Arch Linux with XFCE. I like it a lot. You get more control over what is installed. Seems faster than Fedora 11.
Bored as hell!!
Tell it to !
agreed but this is more for if I do things for work, not for my personal branding. Don't need my 4square checkins/etc included
nice article on lip care! Thanks!
. Interesting idea re scaling and extending the museum visit: incubate projects & clubs in your space, then send out
Why does the #DNC also stand for Divide N Conquer?
Never give up on your dream. Keep goin. Even if you fall once, still reach for the stars.
Hey ! Happy Friday funday!
Today's thought: "Well done is better than well said." — Benjamin Franklin via &
Girl you know you need quit crying over himm !
SMSC and Hansong (Nanjing) Technology Ltd. Bring KleerNet™ Technology to ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Anyone awake and hungry? I just left the gym..starving.
#Career trajectory leveled off? A Trove #Coach can help? Prepared for the next big #opportunity?
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me31
We'll be following our favorite punter on his "Pats Reality Roadtrip". Follow to see what goes down!
it was a question everyone has a right to there opinion
fake an asthma attack. works like a charm...
in Torrance Court this a.m. City Atty is mature female. Makes a big diff, means she is reasonable and see's the value of defense.
or new york, ny is good too at least with ryan gosling jflksdfsl
just another reason for you guys to get to arizona!(;
Everytime I take a sip of coffee that I let get cold I imagine 's look of disgust
they're coming back. :)
Morning beautiful people!!!
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection
Appreciate the #FF!
Facebook is about complaining and Twitter seems to be about being philosophical... Every MF has a saying or belief they need to share on Twi
Have you already taken the #GRE? #MCAT? What was the testing center like? Tweet and let us know how it went!
I don't like being sick :( I guess ill go to the #ER if nothing changes
A crash course in #twitter!!! DAMNIT!!! LOL
like 500-600 wats all included and im in chicago is dat a problem
They say breaking the femur is 1 of the most painful things. My dad broke his femur 2day and nevr rated his pain above a 4.
it is too mf cold in this classroom
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice. Oprah Winfrey
and thank God for the black market. hope they turn to bagpipes next
Thank u all people for following me!!!
huh? I'm confused *scratches head*
Really not in the mood to meet with my trainer today... I just want to be a fat kid. French fries anyone?
I'm really starting to hate not knowing where I'm going to be living in 5 months
I would not wait in that line for an iPad4
but Romney is a parody of a politician too. (As "gimmie some money" is playing on SIRIUS!) LMAO
we are getting so excited about Camp Rock Auditions! Wouldn't it be cool if "Demi" Lovato.really did show up to auditions?
Love the drinking game is always fun 🍸
It seems that everyone has decided on their college in the last two days O_o....or at least decided to post it on facebook
cat-like srod
Because people in Maine want them to look like lobsters!
......I've had a very interesting life
I just cant deal with certain people and you are one of them!
hope it had nothing to do with us being out of funyans.
nothing much in bed thinking
Hell Yea Just cuz He Left The Group doesnt Mean He's not Cutee Duhh
Learning and application of what you learn, you could resolve any problem and gain any objective that you could set for yourself.
If I was good at writing I could write a whole book about publish it and win Austin's Heart
how about you come over and massage my elbow for me and maybe something a bit bigger? ;)
Foliating manuscripts is the scariest thing ever.
I had to leave...it kept on freezing and...you guys couldn't read my comments...so yea lol. but I hope to still see you <3
Winning is so much harder...
Proud of has amazing voice. She's incredible singer to everyone. She's showing best love and giving smile to everyone. ♥
Ok will take a look. Thanks! RT : It was Underwood's ancestor that was in mental institution, not Bettis.
Dealing with these black ass people. Smh. I need more white friends.
txt me
never say never justin bieber... lmao how many days have i been messing with u lmao
I'm just going to apologize in advance for my excessive tweeting that may or may not include insults, profanity, and incoherent sentences.
My son now prefers the birthday cake rather than the cupcakes I bring. Any suggestions as to how to deal without the left out feelings?
Happy Monday, and welcome back to all you Spring Break-ers! Call us if you need to stock up on supplies to finish out your school year!
I messes up my phone :(
Set yourself free to simply be yourself, and you will soar higher than you've ever dreamed~ Edmun O'Niell
I'm not disagreeing with that premise for sure. Most sigs not "cursive" and I feel most adults write in modified block?
starting off the day with orchard mimosas and coffee at the chesapeake room with caro +
Did I strike a nerve? Let's see you ruin my career tough guy. You ain't shit, can't even do real business.
bring me as your guest n I'll lift everyday bro
no ok that's ok it'll be fab
I hope their decent quality lmao
omg dude. Cute flirting with my girlfriend k? Ok.
So glad I was able to participate through most of #TNI today. Love meeting fellow travelers. Happy holidays all!
thanks for follow me(:
I woulda scored the fight 117-111. I gave Cotto three rounds.
Rounding out weekly menu: Choc Explosion/PB Bender/PBC/Vanilla Bean/Red Velvet/Nilla Bday Cake/Chaulkit Bday Cake/Ebony & Ivory
I am new here. I am a single female that is 40 years old. I am seeking a man because I am unemployed and I get no money for food and clot
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 117
don't put all of your care into a single thing, because nothing lasts forever.
#Facebook has more than 750 million active users, with the average user posting 90 pieces of content a month?! How much do you post?
~*bad bitch~*
What if John Lennon is our favorite Beatle? That cool?
Sting the wrestler, love him. Is the WWE in town?
HELLO!can i join the family...:))))IM A DIRECTIONER TOO :)))
#PaulyDProject tonight! Yeah buddy!!
The #rememberingwhitney special on was a great positive overview of Whitney's life. She was an amazing person who had some challenges.
#oomf is ruining the Lion King
Gosh i freaking hate when she does this
I been good and you?
Research says fertilizers help to produce superior plant growth, improve its health & vigor & increase buds, blooms & plant yield
like us
Just filled out my "intent to graduate" form for #libraryschool! Now, back to reading an awesome #metadata article.
So, what is all this "THOUGHTS ON" spam we're seeing? We didn't send it out, just to let you guys know. Love ya. Zach.
Beach weekend @ Rehoboth! Surf, sand, sun...summer! Sweet!
Thought of you when on the verge of naming a character Ned, but decided on Chris instead. I love that you are a librarian.
Not my fault I have a face like a vagina :L hahah! I don't want mentions I want you to back of you low lifed crettin!
Nice pic, when is the release party? Wait, you're not the next Bachelor are you? Lol...u know I love ya...very handsome ;-)
talking briefly about planning for web archiving infrastructure swap out
what i said
Is "Save The World" the song they're requesting?
I OverWorked Myself Today :/ I Feel Dizzy. . .
First game of my Detroit Tigers will be televised Thursday. Verlander. Red Sox. I'll be there. Go Tigers!!
Missing your tweets, hope all is well
I just had another crappy iced soy latte at Why is their quality so inconsistent an employees don't seem to notice or care?
Jamie Dimon is just another Loyd Blankfein
Received so many heartfelt messages from my now former players at SU. Proud of the time I spent there. Go Redhawks! One door closes...
- Hm, Go looks interesting. Sounds like Python + C, minus all the hassle of gluing them together?
sure, Thx for posting the article!
Jealousy is just LOVE and HATE at the same time ~Drake
Looking forward to Celebrate Asia ! Ramayana Ambassadors committee is participating. Celebrate Seattle’s Asian community!
Think I will. Good luck! (And hope there's some good stuff on the playlist).
I kinda hate the heat now
Bummer. :( Have you tried for your Android? Great podcast aggregator and we're on there as well.
Are your rainmaking strengths mismatched with your current firm's compensation system? Then it is time to call me to discuss one who does.
Guys im sorry i cant type up part 12 and 13 right now...i cant get wifi to work...if it starts working i will get them typed up tonight
Yeah, LeBron was the MVP, and I don't think it's even close.
Good to know! Thank you! :)
Bike ride to beaver anybody?
