Paul George looks Dominican
WHEN ARE YOU COMING HOME!!!!! SCHOOL IS LONELY WITH OUT MY BEST FRIEND!!!!!! ALL CAPS SOUNDS LIKE SHOUTING LOL!!!! RANDOM :D
Come on!! RT : Oh, I wish! I could use some #Hendersonville to soothe my soul.
#CNNDebate tweets are comedy!
Damn girl. I like the way you think.
Thanks to for sending to chat w/ this morning! Watch for her article tomorrow!
Horchata sounds so good right now!
Hey, did we get a buy out today?
#first40songsonshuffle (except i'll only do 20...) #1 What Do You Do With a B.A. in English? - Avenue Q
And thanks to Have a splendid day!
#everyonehasthat1friend that wants to give you life advice but can't take any advice whatsoever and flips out when you try to give them any.
I'm soggy.
My art is on exhibit in Adams Morgan (DC) at the DCAC, Savage Mill at the R.Coury Gallery and Rockville (MD) at Gilly's! (See blog for info)
Thanks, Christoph! It's more a virtual meeting on innovation, less task-driven but want the usual interactivity of in person
Aye brah can I get a shoutout
LOVE IT!
Good chance I'm gonna quit this job, I can't stand these people anymore
Looking forward to connecting. You have a beautiful and mind-expanding location and headquarters building!
Glad Friday is offically over.
Bout to go exercise. No phone, no drama just me and my music :)
definitely! i'll update fb as soon as i'm there!
oh I just had a conversation with your babe Elias, he is adorable.
massively disappointed with the squad.too many in form players left out.no fuckin balls to make the big decisions.
So proud of my best friend right now !!!!!!
I wonder if got tired of repeating himself cause reporters like to ask the same question but in a different way
Rhetorically or technically? :-) RT Parsing is such sweet sorrow.
absolutely... We haven't talked in a while.
Our top tweeters this week!
Today is the last day of Legal Lines Action Line. From 11am-1pm call about landlord-tenant issues and legal information. 808-591-…
I like Valentine's alcohol rules. No need for beer in the clubhouse. Players should be on the bench supporting each other.
you're on a role. Fury makes you funnier!
GO #egypt, get your freedom on! We all want the same things in life. Hopeful our leaders choose the right side this time.
So happy my new found love is opening a 2nd location closer to my house. Ruby Isle in April is music to my ears.
For those who dont know what channel A Walk to Remember is on. Its on ABCFamily! ((:
ah what do i do my lady friend well my ex lol. Wont let me watch the bucks game at her place. What do i do. Help S.O.S
LesMiz as good as I remembered. Javiert scene blew me away & sets=amazing! My only complaint=people who can't show up on time.
Our birthday lunch is today!! Stop in for some Eppies and cupcakes and celebrate with us!
-- Thanks for the RT Roger! Have a great week.
GIRL!!!!!! You are _______. Fill in the blank.
Is hot and it's my birthday.
after a stressful week in Houston. Back in Minny. Dinner & a movie with my main squeeze. Think Like A Man!
i literally gave up.
Major discounts on diamond & gemstone jewelry at Whitehall's going out of biz sale. Items under $100.
SQUEE! I work both of those days, but am off by 3. Still plenty of time for a cut after that. I'll call tomorrow.
I finally quit a job I hated. It took looking at your HBR article in my inbox daily for 3 months. Thanks so much.
Complimentary care meets western medicine: “Sometimes treatment and healing programs might not mix very well. In terms of the herbs t...
I'm ganna get into trouble for this,but bam margera is 1 of the hottest guys in the universe.
I don't like twitter very much....
SOAK IT UP
that whole cd is AWESOME!
Watchin Avatar a great movie but so long
What's the best browser for searching PubMed on your iPad?
Takin' the redeye to NYC tonight. See you in 3 weeks, LA!
I'm not bout that life lol
y can't you make it this year? only a couple hours away
Tottenham are being destroyed by Arsenal.
So very deep in Texas right now. Looking forward to seeing our boys . real soon.
let's move here bro. Play some music in these clubs take all the tourists money with some get rich quick shit. Ha
can't wait for season 2!!!!
Spring Finals start tomorrow and end May 24th.
all i need is a blunt nd my day would be complete…
My 2000 tweet. Oh where has the time gone?
and we're proud to be a local yoga studio in new orleans! thanks for the shout-out about #NOLA!
Finally!! It feels so good to just lay in the sheets... goodnight y'all!!
Good luck team! Enjoy the weather and the hunt!
I want 2 see that movie with Charlize Theron that I forget the name of & also "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" $ one other one.
Capitol hill block party 2011!! We're playing Cha Cha lounge Friday July 22nd at 5:45pm opening the show..hope to see you guys there!
Come on Gators, bring it to Nawlins!
Did I give u the impression that I cared? 
Baby Week on and science experiments on What a fucking joke. Not sure why I bother with local news at all anymore.
letters start with ABC numbers start with 123 song start with do re mi love.. love starts with you and me(;
I say pats by 4. Loser buys a drink? : I'll go with giants 34-31 over pats #nodoginfight #don'tcarewhowins
go back to sleep slacker lol.
RT isaybadthings69 Carson Lewis have been #retweeted 3 times now by ...IDK why I think this is so cool but it is. Make that 4.
I sometimes wish my life turned out like I planned
#KONY make him famous justin! you have the power
Wat a touching and emotional experience it was singing at the old people's home.innovators god bless u
I feel so grossed out just reading that tweet!!
love you best friend ❤
All this symbology of applause-timing is weirdly Stalinist.
Everyone would've understood had Gunner Kiel not chosen the Hoosiers originally over such powers as Oklahoma, Alabama and Notre Dame...
I'm happily single and perfectly content about it
Just made sirens go off in the phone store. opps Haha
What could do better to improve the video experience Cc/
Advocacy drivers: Rational, Emotional, Social --> There's a tribal element to it.
RT ": Don't lower your standards. Instead, wait for people to rise up to your expectations."
New fashion goal: looking fresh to death & sick as cat cancer!
ok, I do...it's a special kind of rawr
Happy Thanksgiving to all and THANK YOU so much for being a part of our world of music...We love our HOMies!!!
had 2? Hope all is well
Loved the debate on whether it was pork or turkey bacon. I didn't care, I thought it looked tasty!
This heat is dehydrating me... So I drank plenty of haterade this morning
idgaf so now you wanna talk.??? you're werid i bet you like that kinky shit.
Can't wait to pack up and move out in a few weeks ❤
Today's #Stayhomereadball, the perfect time to finish LA writer Leslie Schwartz's #AngelsCrest what are you #reading?
So no, it's not her caressing your hair and telling you everything is going to be okay
"A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot." Dr. Joe Vitale
Mobile Apps for your biz. Across all handset platforms, Android, iPhone Blackberry, Java. 2year hosting included
Congrats to Green Ribbon Award nominee schools! W/ at Environmental Charter High School in Lawndale.
is speaking the truf
OMG!! My absolute favorite song by my absolute favorite band! ARE YOU IN MY HEAD! What a talent! wow..
Only would put a hash tag in a text message
"Don't worry - if anything goes wrong on the Prometheus expedition the Icarus is standing by to mount a rescue."
: Please get rid of Naomi Shaefer Riley from Brainstorm ASAP
“: IM ON THE PLANE TO NEW JERSEY WITH GOING TO SEE AND AT PRINCETON <3" HALLA
running into and his lil choir crew at work > > hahaha yall were so loud!
Wht do I have to do to get an retweet? Not be 25? :*(
dinner date with ❤
Seriously thinking about putting this to the test. #CleavageCaseStudy RT Boobs = followers..except in my case
Pat D talks a bit sports, coming up next...
who does? Nobody likes it lol.
Pretty much. Ha! I always felt bad for Odie.
Last week, Charles Barkley said Rondo was the best PG this year. Tonight, he says it's Parker. Next week, Westbrook?
i'll always remember our summer in Hawaii.. aloha nui loa ah sono forte ahahahhahahaha
Ohio State? Cleveland State... hm
Law firm compensation plans begin by rewarding the right behaviors with money. Write down what your firm truly values and then pay for it
Just got home
Arrington, despite his inexplicable number of picks, was somewhere between awful and below average this year
I've been digging some pre-YHF music lately, and I feel this is closer than the last two albums. You didn't like A Ghost is Born?
Just about to take a shower for work and my wife says I can't because the water is off...thanks for the last second heads up!
FL correctly identifies Newt = CON Mitt = LIB. Then vote overwhelmingly for the LIB. America has fallen, has fallen.
catch up this week?
Is Idioteque what Tomorrow Never Knew?
Ugh... nat'l sportswriter in town. #soundthealarm RT : Why do you think I hate Milwaukee? I love Milwaukee! I just think downt...
um what tour and at what venue.
Heard "Bring Em Out" by on 99 jamz and it brought back memories of the championship team back in 05-06
Did POLITICO really have to alert me via iPad with BREAKING NEWS, that Mitt Romney won primaries tonight? Like we all knew he would!
One out!
Love that my bed is next to a large window. Waking up in the middle of the night to see such a beautiful snowscape is pretty awesome.
find me there as styledelights :-)
i dont give a flying fladoodle across a fucking flipping floating car
Thanks for the #WW! :D
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Taught a workshop on HTTP, REST, , and today. Saw some mainframe programmers getting really excited about the web!
Thanks, and ditto. Wrapping up a number of projects . . . feels great! :-)
Them 6th Graders Nakia Was Having A DisAgreement With In Gym . . Haha
RIP Clare Fischer. An inspiration to me beyond words.
sad thing is that most of us are watching this hot garbage than the WS, Football is definatly king in this country
Hannah Montana the movie is coming on....I'll be back in a couple of hours!
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ME BECAUSE I DON'T THINK ABOUT YOU "AT ALL"!
#FactsNewTeamMindlessShouldKnow Roc's Real Name Is NOT Trey Young -_-
Your song may also apply to couples w/out kids. Inner children can tire you out too.
Don't just post question, have reporter find answer. heard 1953 Pioneer HS land purchase required AAPS allow UM parking. true?
RT : if anyone has 2 extra tix for & B$M in Chicago I would very much like them Will buy you pizza
no way- id put him in 4-5 in last 6 year, he just had the most talent on the offense than any of the others had
I'm looking for professionals who share in a common love of music and our fair city, indianapolis!!!!!! We will be the people that will for…
anyone else pissed off about annie and liam last night
That totally made me laugh.. Let me see you shake those naughty bits.. :)
RT : Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with Sprinkles! The first 50 people to whisper “cinco” at each Sprinkles receive a #free choco loco!
hopes she doesn't fall asleep before the debates. Worksheets require less thought and creativity. Maybe I shouldn't throw them out.
I suddenly have a strange urge to bake things and I'm looking at baby names. Um.
We'll miss you
Graduating next Saturday
Hooray! And congrats on whatever it was she said yes to! :D
Spent all day in a closet recording LP! Put some vocals down on 5 tracks. Will prob need to redo most but it's a start!
thanks and maybe we will see you soon for a wine tasting. Like tomorrow?
u serious!?!?! That be great!
HEY.. i hear you opened a twitter bar & grill
haha, at least I told you upfront. What time would you like us to come over?
Demi. I know it will be hard for you to see this. But you are such an inspiration. Thank you. we love you!
Time to do some homework and listen to justin bieber boyfriend
No phone this whole week. So no tweets. </3 Pretty lil liars! Battle of the ex's! And I'm getting my bows. ^.^ Hopefully good week. ❤
This feeling <.... GITFO
": u adjust ur zipper and she immediately begins to put her hair in a pony tail.#SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
I trusted you now you messed up big time.
Eight (now seven) tweets until I hit 5,000. I hope I use them well. Wish me luck.
Cold?? Get a colorblind hoodie:) $30
HE'S A GENIUS!!!!!!!! LOL #PUBLICITYSTUNT (ooh wait, publicity stunt? *starts typing a new song.*..lol
is where its at #wmyb all day:)
Made it to Austin. Let there be naps...er...networking
Bring on the rain... My favorite!
that's what she said!
"We need to address societal messages about masculinity" & look how that's related to TPP -
# ArmyOfDarkness #moviequotes "this is my boom stick" love that movie!
So I just went to download and app but forgot which one -___-
=) RT beautiful face > sexy body ... if you got both,
come on the 18th....
pipe down little feller!
When our dog died when we were younger walked around school the next day carrying his leash hahah
Off to the vet with the pup and
Haha blow me. Ready for this weekend?
Listen to your manager, BUT, don't go all "Disney" on us. We like the cheeky lads you are. ;)
thank YOU!
I got a lot to do tomorrow so I'm going to bed stay thirsty my friends.
“: Denver Cannabis Cup Best Edibles - 1st Place: Mint Chocolate Bar, Dabba Chocolate #MedCanCup” (~);}
That is absolutely a temptation for me. :)
Nothing to do tonight? Whiskey crawl in fells point starts :30 - even if you don't like whiskey it should be a fun time.
Yummy! I got some food on the kitchen floor, mommy had to sweep it up. I'm so clumsy.
It's that time again.
RT : Did you miss the International Journalism Festival in Perugia? Never fear! This comprehensive recap is here:...
I didn't know about YouTube's ties to Illinois! I did know about your great video work.
When you realize you aren't needed as much as you used to be <<<<
Done with classes for the day :) about to take me a nap...
that's all she wrote!!! haha
That awkward moment When a completely random person likes a photo of you, and you're just like "WHO THE FUCK IS THIS?"
I'm a sucker for Country. RT Sitting in the board room, listening to whistle Taylor Swift.
challenges not challengers
Yeah. Nobody likes to dive or slide into first.. It's pointless
Today Todd Presner from UCLA is talking to us about the "Emergence of Geo-Humanities"
thanks for that udderly great update.
Now I don't got money for my ticket lol
Stocking up on #TWINKIES! FYI - They dont get bad when the end of the world gets here.
Also why his post raises qs. JL doesn't wants ed bd explicitly = Manchester; but distances himself. Wants both ways.
SSL Mixing board going down. Aww Heck...I needed a break anyway. Not good too overwork yourself, I guess.
Give me all the Thai coffee.
"Hey, what's my mom's middle name again?" "Dude, I've never even met your mom."
OMG you change your avatar more than...well ya just do lol
"This song goes out to my wife, it's her first mothers day, it's called 'Belly Full of Blood!'" just now at #CIP2012 HAHaHA!!
Danny Nathan, , from : these #innovators set out to "change the world". Relentless desire make a change.
"better than the original" PSH! I think not!
it's gonna be tight!!!!
It's gradual
RT : RT "Great minds have purposes, others have wishes." - Washington Irving
you're a beautiful and important person.
Amelia was Amazing in this epi remind me of Charlotte's rape. Intense. That was so GOOD FREAKING ACTING!!!!!!!
Thanks.. Ray Nagin's memoir now has its own Twitter..follow to open the vault..
Loving this season of America's Got Talent.
thought i give it a try lol
Working on our first post for our new blog!!
Always got a chuckle out of Andy Rooney's rants. Even when they made little sense.
Expecting a very informative day at#digidaysocial NY today.
Your relationship with your mother shapes who you are and how you are toward women
Good Morning! Does everyone have their costumes ready for Halloween next week? The McRib is BACK if anyone needs some costume ideas :)
that sounds like a great way to relax!
bro i love singing that song in choir :)
I wish you were nice and polite and quoted wayne's world.
It was a great pleasure to be there!!
absolutely. the way it should be. holding players back!
I feel so wrong when I use smileys.
david's supreme hat is gnarly and i want it
thank you for the inclusion
It's 6 am. My news feed is about to explode with this 2 hour delay. 😔
I would really appreciate it if Fluvanna didn't lose their preschool program- it is serving really needy children
I wanna dance with somebody who really loves me, I will always love you and I look to you!
That will/is changing... RT : seems Big Data is only fueling focus on tech growth, not insight growth.
I have been craving chicken.
and its only monday lmao no I'm going to sleep because tmm in defran I'm going to fall asleep and he is going to give me -W
I do wanna hear how eve coming now, kim ridin out I respect black friday and her new track wit jezzy Keys in the city
Happy Easter ☀🐰🌸
Demps! “: Clint Dempsey has become Fulham's all-time leading Premier League goal-scorer.
so is that kid on the cover on TIME....
Ready for a nap!!!!
That shower has me really about to K.O forreal
Hope everyone is OK in Copley.
it's 4:30am and i'm craving pizza like a motherfucker! :-( don't wanna piss off trainer tho :-/
So sorry to hear.
Don't get me wrong - I didn't boycott the whole thing due to him. Wish I could have gone for the other authors!
Senior Developer, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Programming Jedi, Solver of Problems
Everything you do won`t be a success but you`ll be a success if you keep trying things. (:
* listening to selena with * Her- How many times do you think i've burned her? Me: idk 2? Her: her puts (c)
awesome job today
About to be eating #Cinnamon #FrenchToast. I love breakfast for dinner. It's the best swear :)
if i love you to #death, don't #die on me.
I actually wanted competition for student council. Just to eradicate them with the amount of votes I would have gotten. Lolol
Are you referring to wolverines? While I imagine that badgers might be a carrier of bovine TB, I doubt that they are a source.
There are so many things that we wish we had done yesterday, so few that we feel like doing today.
EsJay is part of the Holiday Bash, leave a comment on their post about us & you could win 3 of our classic shirts!...
I knocked over my computer today; it started smoking but seems fine. It is actually running great now that I upgraded to windows7.
Nothing like a clean room
Bring the pain to those kids today! RT : Enter sandman on ysp while on way to teach 23 six year olds. YEA. YOURE GONNA LEARN TODAY.
@ the theater now in NYC Pre-screening of Bully. A film by Director Lee Hirsch’s.
Slides should only be used to add visual impact to what you are saying
You're only as good as the people you hire.
Did someone say Korean BBQ?
Can we just go back to the old days? Please.
just posted a bunch of reviews on Sephora. Please, please, please let me win $500!
Patience is a virtue that I do not have.
Told ya! Glad you dig it!
um.... good quetion how did u get so many followers... also... dont complain ive only got half as many... :P
I hate going to FOX for screenings (or anything). I feel so dirty just being in that building.
12 minutes to write a poem? Challenge accepted.
We had a great time at the CSAs last night. To watch the broadcast, tune in 5/5 at 9pm on WXIA and 5/6 at 6pm on WATL.
LOL JK I love you and
lmao shit me too... bet not be in no drama..
Ah Gotcha.
Sedin Sisters: 2 Girls, No Cup.
ur so pretty!!!!!!! naturally. ur inspring and everything that i wanna be <3
Do you have an opinion on the average CTR for LinkedIn ads?
you will always have a place in my heart <3 Don't forget us=)
: Yes indeed! Good to see you the other day at Auto Show!
my mom and dad were fighting yesterday ;(
It's 11:15... So that means I can have Fire Hot Cheetos for breakfast?
I've got two. One painted as a construction worker, one as a baseball.
Panem Connect: Ask! » Answers Archive » Trouble-Free Advice In ...
The USPS 20th-Century Poet notecards are very nice, also include poem quotes. Bet you can guess which Williams poem is quoted...
RT : Man's Inhumanity to Man
of course! im off tonight, tomorrow and friday!
How 'bout them COWBOYS!
where you going? :-)
What #holiday events are you doing this #Weekend? I'm speaking at a greens sale for Bartrams Garden & may stop by tomorrow!
Have a rush job? Just look at our name! We can make sure it gets done...dont believe us? Call and ask! 858-292-1800
It's Hard To Pick Up The Pieces When Their Shards Of Glass♥-KillahSmilee
Wow! I love your wife already.
i am so overwhelmed by the fact someone took the time to make .gif's of my video. wow.
everybody on IG kept saying you where dating kylie and i though it was just a rumor and it was.
So I decided to go c cabin in the woods by myself... Nice and reaxing scary movie alone sounds great
OK, Thad! Love the Rod Allen quote RT: 8 K's in 6 innings? As Rod Allen would say, "i see you big fella"
oh idk we were in Spanish fort!
Haha yeahh,well what are you doing? ♥
Some chips and queso would be #nice right now
I need a belt to hold up these pants. Good problem.
Saw the trailer for #KKTNY & cried. I'm such a sap. But seriously power to you for always being open with your fans
Living & Loving Life! <3
Tune into Wave 3 news at 11 as tonight, we meet our 1st Scholar Athlete of the month, plus, I take you with me to my 2nd golf lesson.
I wanna hug so bad:D
New food photos to be posted soon with recipes by Oct. 31st! Stay tune to #win fractureme picture of Milwaukee's gorgeous lake front.
Kevin hart is shadily in along came polly.
I still wish it was me..
Clearly she has the best agent in the world, because she does not have a natural talent for, well, much of anything.
Do you have a blog?
good to hear :) just working on some new merch ideas :)
A conservative, a moderate, and a liberal walk into a bar..... The bartender says, "Hey Mitt!"
My mom > Your mom
Yes. Sleep and/or stay sane? No.
If you strike me down I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
i swear dudes tell me them can treat me better then my ex how bout showin me...talk is cheap
Why do we (WPAs) insist that _all_ departments have to be _equally_ invested in WAC, when diff disciplines have diff needs w/r/t writing?
they lie
Before reading, I was going to say this guy should hang at Dorsia ... I love it when a plan comes together.
Did Matt Kemp just do the bull dance around third?
my house is stupidly cold :(
Don't use your time addressing envelopes! Email and find out how we can save you time & do it for you!
seriously your number 1 fan. please follow me love seeing your feedback in everything :)
Robin thicke,John legend,Adele, creedence Clearwater revival and beach boys may sound like a odd combo but relaxing before I watch NBA games
People don't appreciate comedy enough.
Want to sell more online? Be a great listener.
Strange it's this late and this is the best I've felt all day. Sinus infections are MISERABLE
so excited! My kind of friends!
Heading to work......get to take the kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens. No complaints here!
Follow back please !
the same percentage of congresspeople who read it before they passed it.
...pink slime isn't always available. : Fill in the blank Friday: I couldn’t live without coffee because _____
Ah ... This crisp morning air puts us in the mood for hot air balloons, breakfast burritos and coffee. Ready for Fiesta?
it's not my fault you never tell
being a Portuguese American, this sucks. Even at 33 he is still a top defender
Ah I came home from Navy Pier to an amazing letter from (: thank you so much!<3 made my day.
Thanks for sharing! We're looking forward to your updates!
Going through old files. Just found trove of floppy discs labeled "Save--Important" & file names I can't recall. Can't even look at them.
When my office was down there, it was one of my favorite places to eat. What else do you need to know?
I GO STUPID DUMB ON A DUMB HOE
hey guess what it's humid as fuck
There are 6 words no American wants to be surprised with. They are, "I'm Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC.
Off to St. Pete to set up for this evenings show!
TY Linda. Life is more enjoyable if you take a moment to think about others now and then
leave the line and come hang with the cool kids
I Like Your Smile. Lol
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!{}
what city ?
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Guerilla Marketing ★
The way someone treats others says a lot about who they are. That's where the problem lies with Courtney. She's mean.
We're very excited about the #DCADDY awards gala tomorrow! We'll be celebrating our projects w/ & Gold Star Moms
Is it just me or is summer almost here? 2 more weeks of school for me :-). So excited!
i follow him now cant you follow me... Please... :-) :-)
followed nice to meet you!
History ... convinces us that the influence of woman has, to a great extent, been primary in forming the minds of men. (1855)
New pic : ) the fakest smile possible : (
Exactly, POTUS cannot tell a state how to legislate, but he has spoken out against draconian HC cuts for women.
Final cost: $227. Good thing I plan on booking a national commercial any day now...
My inner life is way more interesting than my outer life. I murder dragons in my head and eat filet mignon with George Jetson.
when ppl say no homo that shit just makes it gayer #justsayin lol
Branson Stars & Flags 2011 Non-fiction – Subject Specific: 1st place: The Depths of Courage: American Submarines at War by Flint Whitlock
hey it is me sammy hHHhhaha:p alex has a twiter
If you are a licensed Massage Therapist or Acupuncturist, or ND please contact me for team work in Pain Management field.
Great day here in Charlotte, NC, but the skeeters are on the war path! Anyone else notice a larger number of musquitos this year?
Congratulations to the newly crowned Miss Teen Maryland International 2012, Layilah Nasser!
I really enjoy rebuilding my computer from scratch.
thanks for the shootouts! You guys are captains of theatrical industry!
>>> headed back to the lab now..
Let's chat off-twitter, alright?
bahaha it is! you're workin' it, man!
Producing a new video for Fluke Corporation and it's going to be #AWESOME! Fans of last year's See the Unseen campaign will love this one!
Thanks for inviting us out Boris! Great night!
Thanks for the fire alarm warning Nancy....
Hanging at discovery green. Would be a great day for a flasmob. Soon, very soon.
IT WAS SO GOOD.
That 1st puff when I get off work>>>>>>>>
Please! ! Please !! All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you”
WHAT HAPPENED TO AUSTIN.
Matusz makes quick work of the Yankees, throwing 11 pitches. He's now up to 41.
the guy makes GWB look like Albert Einstein.
But my health would vastly improve if I gave up soda.
I didnt want to be bother with at the time. BIG DIFFERENCE
yeah and when the insurance companies go bankrupt amd the govt provides all care where will we be?
San Diego was great. It's hard not to love being on the west coast
The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).
Researching donation behavior on my Saturday night. And finding next to nothing. Why do people give money, to which charities and why those?
Hoping that we've reached peak peak references and that it's all downhill from here.
Happy Thursday and an early long weekend
Dunno, but it's really good. Fast Five is a good Guy movie, or how about The French Connection (1 AND 2) as an oldie?
nose???? I thought she had a crusty booger on her. Face!!!
you're too kind, thanks Ronan! I'm sure it will be posted soon
ITS STORMING IN ADELE'S TOWN AND SHE GON DIE YOU BETTA TELL HER YOU LUHV HER OK
Wow from 2011 NBA champions to possibly being swept in the first round.
get back on!
graduation coming up in an hour. then family dinner. followed by the bar to celebrate Amy's birthday. then - finally - relaxation.
I know. But it'll be party time in San Diego in a few weeks... after I run the 13 miles. :)
thank you for the beautiful #hashouse leftovers! perfect way to start my day at and #weekend! TGIF
#denver users - if you're near the #zoo take a photo and upload to - cash is waiting :) photo will need to include a lion.
well we redshirted a kid that is 6'5" runs a 4.4 and has better arm than Thomas so we'll see what happens
in the morning you wake east will be west, she wears the pants you wear the dress
Sum Dont Kno But Being STUPID Iz A Choice.....
no my friend
My spring shopping list is growing...
Today = burrito, write, laundry, write, gym, beer.
Sometimes I wish twitter had italics.
Drama free at my new job
A2: Pettitte gave his testimony on the matter. Now, he's in the rotation. So, they've done a good job in creating distance.
MY LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!! #DONE! #BYEKIDS!
whatever I LOVE Justin bieber <3
Thank you so much. Just figuring out how to use Twitter. :)
Aight,its cool
you're going to love it!!! She's so amazing live :)
FROM A SCALE 1-10 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!? :D...
thanks!! Haha I believe the second part airs tomorrow I'll be on again!!
hey Rob will be getting back with you re: sorry..been busy..! A good thing...!
I am currently being serenaded by accordion and classical guitar in a lovely community house in the country outside Olympia. Life is good.
Real fried dough--I'm so happy! My New Englander followers know what that means.
Leaning like a cholo :)
Couldnt possibly be any more bored. This shit sucks
I have to buy wrapping paper
hell yea he is. He tried to sneak me #ThatDick last nite....and I tried to take it lol
La Quinta is our new friend
#SometimesIWonder what gods real plan for me is
Totally agreed. What I like about it is that it's actually affordable compared to others that just claim affordability...
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Oh snap, will be in Gray, TN in August!! Only an hour way, I'm going!!! :)
As if my day couldnt get any worse, my 3G isn't working.....
It drives me batty! No reprieve. EVER.
Beat beat beat beat beat.
Happy birthday, buddy! Hope it's a great one!
Wish I could leave my house 
Celtics player Jeff Green spotted at Rays Hell Burger
the janitor at harold washington is blaring earth, wind, and fire
Why do people keep harping on how wonderful Christian Bale's "American" accent is. He's lived here for 20 years, since a teen.
just looking forward to the food
If u believe u can or can't, u r right
if he'd write one called, "I'm Switching Places With Whitney" hell I'd buy it. Maybe twice.
oh that would be funny! I'll probably give ur ticket to someone else then!
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
From now on, everytime I see a hashtag on Facebook, im commenting, "Hashtags are for twitter." Get ready.
thanks for all the support. Both sides playing for a trip to the final 4 today!
I believe that is all visible in the history section, but not on the main page.
On the way
Wow we can stop if we can, we can cry if we can (8)
all pregnancy books now on clearance sale on website. At least 40% off retail price. www.healthpress.com
Good morning my friends! Have a great tooooosday!
Approx. 17,500 museums in the US. Whoa. I never thought abt what that figure might be.
Was in the hospital service-less those were 4hrs of torture
my friends like it.
God Bless America! It's so good.
I wanna go to Colorado again
Happy Birthday ! Be forever blessed!!!
Wanted to go, no time :-(
Home at last, now for a spinach taco salad and to look over some lines.
ok good. Because I just bought it and its WELL worth it. :)
Big woofs to you Ralph! Thank-you!
was worn down, im off today. Those 55 hours a week is starting to kick my ass. Im sorry bestie:-(
if you like then you should have put a ring on it ;')
HAPPY 2012 EVERYONE..HOPE IT WAS A SAFE ONE!!!
That's right Staatz! We also keepin the hot guy :)
Reid Hoffman and Ben Casnocha are the authors. Just started reading and finding connections to classroom.
So true.. final destination!!
come to philly and be a zombie with me lol
Wheres my boo alexis ?
By controlling economics, health and nutrition, you control people.
I love any sport that encourages drinking while you play.
whats up with the late night announcement!?
thank you
#21MILLIONBELIEBERS so proud of Justin <3
Who knew would make my day today. Thank you!
and we are opened up for questions about #ds106!
I wish it were that. This seems more a case of an emotionally unstable person sighing loudly instead of swearing loudly
#WeWontWorkOutIf: You don't accept me for me
Super excited for UK-based 's launch! cc' Hooray!
stubbornly to life
Began chapsum-ing Devil's Hand by Matt Patterson before I knew what hashtags were. To catch up, I'm re-tweating myself. Is that legal?
Yay Big time rush
Social Technologies #SocialMedia and it's growing importance in the Future Workforce! #RVA #SHRM has an event on 3/17 to discuss!
My library lacks 2 & 3 of the Hunger Games. I am 252 in hold queue Donate yours to DMHS Lib for me & hungry teen readers!
See a preview of the new Rage website at www.wix.com/mpmeeker14/smrage Going live soon
Jim Ripp tonight 8pm, make your request all night!
I like your taste in wines!
Glad to see you are alive! Haven't seen you on here much lately.
Me! I'm a natural ginger and PROUD OF IT. :)
You guys better love me...I hate you guys some days other times I don't lol
NO ONE REMEMBERS THAT IT NEVER HAPPENED. He didn't even go to prom lol
Todays FIGHT wit is going to be Crazy!!!! Hard work and dedication is goin to be put to a test today aswell as them skillz!
Much too early to be alive...
You're entered to win! What is your ring size btw?
you apparently want to talk to a lot of girls. Good luck with that.
#NeverShouldYouEver Own a cat.
Enjoying the Denver expo? Make sure to tweet about us and use the hashtag #SportsExposDen !
Imagine reveals that she is actually Thomas Pynchon.
You seem distraught lol.
nice to meet you too, wendy.
Checkout my opening day story on 9news at 9pm tonight! Plus other weekend shenanigans!
Thanks for following, Marcus!
we have Horses here!! And nice campgrounds within a few miles of here.
Yes, sir, louder always makes an unfunny remark both funny AND worth repeating.
That onions have become indispensable to my nightly cooking blows my mind.
Been workin' on final show with Sheri all day.Don't miss next 3 days for sure.
I knw but will yu be here, that's the more important question??
Excited to start twittering! Stay tuned for updates on our programs fundraisers and other news!
At ! Taping a performance just for you.
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY MICHELE :) you & austin deserve just the best <3 have a wounderful day :)
Günter, I'm having trouble getting the link to work: can you please repost?
hating is the scincerst form of flattering.
yet another thing we have in common <3 can we hang out tomorrow?
Go for it all
Holy crap, yum... RT Lamb shoulder: Braised, cooled, fried. Blue cheese grits. Tomato jam. Thursday. Come and get it.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
thanks my dear
You're right. Wouldn't it be great if we all took a moment everyday to do something to make ourselves good role models?
Franchise #Tax Board. Issuing two news release this morning. Watch your inbox.
The Local Natives pandora station is really killing it for me right now. Spot on. <3
WHEN DO YOU GET YOUR BRACES OFF!?
thank you, captain oblivious [to sarcasm]
Great to meet passionate educators like you! MT : Attended this great conf! Looking 4ward to collab. w/ some great people!
Watching The Vow
I'm a big fan of the Bourne movies, but what about vantage point?
": Bout to tear up this Jerk Chicken" take it easy man, savor the grub lol
A year from now you will be glad you started today.
I suppose I could just wear my snow boots, snow or not. But, it's not much fun unless I'm tackling snow drifts up to my knees! ha
getting ready to take down a massive tree on my fenceline today.
Hi lady. How are you doing you fantastical runner?
$9 web store to help pay off your student loans
Ah, no, sadly.
wat up mane how you livin
Happy #Brewers Opening Day 2012! Any predictions for the season?
Oh my Zayn. I love your tweets! They are so true! (: xx
It's just barely started where I am haha it's only 8:13 x)
thats cool just wornder i have tweeted u in a while
so everyone in my house is getting sick, vomiting sick
STOLE my crazy straw. That straw is mine!
Flacco looks a little rattled.
Okay. If Aria , Spencer, Hanna, and Emily think Ian is hiding someone, could it be Melissa?
Sunshine came home last night.2weeks missing, all skinny and scraggly but he's home! =) TOMCATS.
I think the worst team is the Panthers. Nuff said.
Coaching Basketball
It's funny how the media complains about BP's PR blitz, but they sure take the $$ to run the commercials.
John Hughes Drafted 87th Overall By The Cleveland Browns In The ...
ability to sort by price/bedroom in the listings could be helpful. looking at 2, 3br places and can't compare just overall price
Interesting. Worth considering that digital media stimulates the human "machine" beyond its processing capacity.
I need to get rid of my friends. I've noticed that my personal life is starting to interfere with my doing nothing, but watch sports.
Empty As I Am--Matt Spencer
Aha good to hear! He's 13 next month o.o
Tears will get you sympathy. Sweat will get you results.
I just want to get pictures out of it without having to e-mail them.
C'mon #Mavs..we must win this..!!
RT : oops..cut thru a tendon in my left thumb with a butter knife..hand surgery to follow.. /Guitar sabbatical?
Yea man been out here for three weeks.. Great place for artists an producers... it's really thriving out here man
Wuz up follow me
Hi Keith. My friend told me I need to know you. Can't lose w/ a recommendation like that! Howdy.
what the flying gammebrs
thanks for the follow. Glad you like the video. One love
it's not you it's me.
Well that's because we're sisters… and we love each other
great job! Content/time ratio was fantastic! Dense, informative, and helpful
long live the white knight!!!
Ingram or Bradshaw?
Are you outside today in this warm weather?
My bed would feel real nice right now. At work...getting money feels better tho!
stfu..whos gonna stop me? How about you dont tell ME what i am? stop wasting my time and stop stalking me
A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory.
Special evening planned in celebration of 's successful Vegas shoot. Dining at AquaKnox, then checking out the
i'll get out the mouthwash if you talkin shittt
The problem doesn't lie in being cool enough, it's in being too cool.
WOMEN: Does you MAN cum too early during sex? Message me horror stories
Just because #Philanthrofest is over, we don't want to lose momentum of changing lives and making a world a better place!
Today's epic throwdown: Pumpkin spice latte vs. gingerbread latte. Starbucks drinkers, discuss.
rather be drinking from the #kobekoolaid over ur #haterade Kobe hits shot to get to OT with no time left
If they weren't so freaking crazy about account security, my problem would be nonexistent.
The #NCAA bball tournament is getting underway, who's filling out a bracket? Pres. Obama is picking UNC to win it all, who do you pick?
Crabby Pants day 2 huh?
follow me and I'll follow back
That was funny. I would add photogs too.
yea he got it bad! Saw it on that bryan stars interview and pictures
Never thought I'd see the day when I'd turn down a fight party invite. Long day. Really wiped.
one more time: today I set my intention to see good and extend love to all who cross my path. yes, even drivers I would normally cuss at.
Saturday was the craziest i've ever been lol smh
Hey, thanks!!! ": Gm, another Nati native checkin you out one luv"
just doing my civic duty :)
Be sure to follow for your chance to win signed DVDs, posters, & t-shirts from !
just wanted to let you know the police data was updated on ODP (in case you don't have wkd email access)
Mane i would love it if somebody brought me something to eat right now
Forget what you feel Remember what you deserve
this semester is gonna suck over 9hrs of classes on thurs =/
Should we watch Leprechaun 4: In Space or Leprechaun 5: In The Hood?
Q: What do you make, grow, or do yourself rather than buy?
Happy New Years to all my friends. Well the book "The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers" is about to be published. A great work book and my…
LETS GO #USA! LEADING ITALY IN ITALY!
excited! much love .x
ID LIKE YOU ON A TRACK BOO.. WE COULD MAKE A HIT ;)
Dear candidates what do believe the Mayor's role should be in developing and supporting LA's cultural infrastructure?
you go girl!
Woah you sure they are "beautiful" chicks?
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP
Sweet tea and lemonade - Arnold Palmer - yummy.
Would love to discuss doing a strategic partnership with your business and my exec office suites business
Appreciated. Through stroke of luck, we were front row center for that play. I fear I am spoiled now for other seating.
RT : A4: Being flexible shows genuine interest in collaboration. Being fake shows the need to be likable.
I try and respect people's beliefs. But, if your 'beliefs' allow you to justify bigotry and hate, then seriously, fuck your beliefs.
yea not happy about losin Shumpert or gettin David stern. Gm 2 we ll see what's what.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 3
10:38p and I'm just getting home. Offseason??? Yeah ok
Me&My Bros&Sisters Made A Disc For My Mom With Your Sonq "Turn To You" Next Step Is Chocolate&Flowers:)
"me and snooki...eating cookies...in the library." oh austin. lol
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
that sucks
oh my gosh... I'm at 299 haha
i just need god to hear me out on this one i need someone to talk to and i need advice now man going back into a hole i swear
Drummers! Why do you need to be so hard to photograph!
like in men in black! :-P
How was #SpeedoMonday?
Hot tub and snow.
Focus of CML's Job Help Center: referrals, support, and access.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. -Dalai Lama
what are you referring to? I don't know anything about it? Flyer?
RT : Cinco de Mayo, Chuy's Annual Hot to Trot 5K...and let's not forget MARGARITAS! It'll be fun. Register here:...
#blogtreds chat was great - I read more than I talked today! Busy watching #metgala Thanks again
You are a mess! Leave that man alone!
A funeral would go by.. 😔
Hope it helped, Radhames. Let us know what happened.
Who lives somewhere warm and wants to trade places? :P
The DHC crew is at for our team retreat today. Great to look back at 2011 successes and look forward to the rest of 2012!
#IrishOpen soft field? oh and of course (satty in onetime my boy)
I would like someone to submit a reference request to LBJLIbrary so I could justify investigating if LBJ was strapped
come see me now!
So I'm getting drunk on Mother's Day...how cool...
We just need to pin more folks. :) “: Yeah, I am only non-official person pinned. AWKWARD.
hi <3 how was your birthday? :)
Upgraded the Police Station by reaching level 10 in the Law Enforcement Career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
every book you've ever read is just a different combination of the same 26 letters
Go #Badgers! We have $2 tall boys of Bud & Labatt and $5 Bloodys during the game!
aw. Pinchos are so not real pr food. You need some yuca and tostones and lechon. On second thought you need less pig in you. :P
omg, how?
3 loads of laundry a DAY?! How (& why) do you do it, superwoman?! Geez Louise! ;)
Tweet days, cheat days. Gateway obsessions.
still working on it ha
do people expect teams to go defeated every year? I remember 90s and appreciate team we have now
Here! Here! RT : #astdchapters REALLY excited about the ACE this year- offered by our chapter
There is a drug that makes u orgasm when u yawn
Wearing sweats, hair natural, no makeup, and I'm sick.
will have a new release tomorrow morning Alert in the am
Interviewer: "Miley or Selena?" Zayn: "Miley." Harry: "Miley." Liam: "Miley." Louis: "Miley." Niall: "Demi."
I'm at AFCH with NBC 15 for Radiothon!
This random storm though. I love it.
Catching up on revenge , so good..
Delighted to realize that I can walk for an hour until my next appointment... such stimulating solitude is the font for all my best ideas.
so did you slap her around yet?
Clear Harbor closed, at Wheelhouse
Nap time.
They always say... Do what you love!
flyers duh. I follow mah boo laviolette up the east coast
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
It must be enrollment season! 840 students and 979 advisors viewed a DARS report today.
Total character! RT : I wouldn't be surprised if 's driver gets a spin off show on
I believe you can get a device from Logitech that works with the PS3 so you can do IR… assuming you can get it to work...
#DiddyGethard makes me believe #saveNBCBFF could work.
Attract Women With Sexual Chemistry You can’t focus on thinking about sex. You have to focus on getting into her head. You want to connect w
Broncos need to sign Marcus Stroud, perfect fit & reunites w/ Del Rio. Preach it on your show
Cutting down on caffeine and decided to try to make it through the dat without coffee. Wish me luck!
..either way, I enjoyed it!! Ha
lunch train building up steam
ok, followed :D
RT 2 new coffee shops coming 2 the neighborhood: Metropolitan Coffee in new residences on Central & 1 next to Highland Tav
can you turn your laptop on
Scott has taken the boys out for their first FREE COMIC BOOK DAY! (first I put free comic but then realized I watch too much Big Bang Theory
just lifted weights for 1 hour and burned 378 calories. Total burned so far: 441286 calories! on 4/28/12 at 9:36 AM
Cool, have fun! :) thx! RT : Getting in my last day before it's back to work for me! Have a great one.
What?!! I don't believe this RT : When people wake up from a coma, The first thing they do is masturbate.
Unfeasibly excited about having a half day today
its raining in the BVI but we're still flying
#SaySomethin OMG IT'S AMAZING! I can't wait for it to come out!!! :'D
word up bitches
We left @ 7. Really enjoyed meeting you both. See you in the Ville.
Note: #thatcamp is still okay too & I'll still use that for tweeting our #sessionideas so everyone can see how awesome our ideas are. :D
Hi John! This is Antonio from the religious studies days of old. Hope you're doing well!
Best to be single at times
please wish a happy birthday today
Love my mom :)
Happy Birthday to my lil 1 year old nephew Julian & Happy Birthday to my Aunt JoAnn McKay in Heaven today!
livin the dream
These are the same people who keep going to Starbucks.
Grades almost in, I'm back to twitter, FB will have to wait a while. I'm sure I was missed:-)
Work in Chelsea and live in the Upper West Side. Happy to provide you with any tips / resources you need!
Mr. Lee!!! Welcome aboard!
Did you see #DETROPIA last night in #Sarasota? Let us know what you thought!
Poverty is a bitch man
Awesome! Enjoy!
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 110 in the South Africa with #autism! Join us in the fight.
Sounds good to me!!! RT : 75 degrees at the brewery today. Kind of makes you want an ice cold Cream Ale.
Breaking records with
i can't yet... i want something when i buy that ill actually like for long term...
Did JLo just do the Rihanna pussy pat on American Idol? Christ...
heard some tracks im an a&r in the A we need tracks!!
My greatest fear in life is not having a big enough impact on someone's life to always be remembered.
We're doing well too, just a little too busy sometimes :-)
congrats! nice design
Agreed. I have 300 students & 6 TAs in 1 room. We routinely break into groups to accomplish tasks. Students love it.
can't wait to try out NARA's prototype of Online Public Access (OPA) in early 2011. Feedback encouraged thru social media.
Ha ha! That's wassup! Juke them s#!+s!!!
Since the recession its been hard for strippers..
Come on down the the #FireStoneDistrict it's happy hour from 3pm -7pm. $1 Olympia drafts and various food items!!! Don't miss out!!!
Dope! artist will be dropping a brand New song today at noon off his untitled upcoming album. Rt
#Cincinnati cops run over citizens sleeping in the park now....um...NOT OKAY?
Wife and daughter are confident they saw a golden eagle on the power line outside our Ann Arbor home today.
Any Eyes Set to Kill fans out there?! We are playing in Anaheim @ Chain Reaction with them and Modern Day Escape on December 15th! <3
mixtape coming soon "Da Kid Dank" "LET'S FLOCK THE INDUSTRY"
Natalie Merchant's upcoming release is tracks of songs written using poems written by 19thcent poets
"There is often a big disparity between the way in which we perceive things and the way things really are." ~Dalai Lama Quote
We need a word for "Hey I need to talk to you when you're ready. Just seems like a lot to say to someone who you're not trying to interrupt.
-- and a whore with a few tricks
Yep, he's right and with us already having our car broken into last year--it's just not smart to advertise us being away.
HappyNewYear to all our amazing interior design partners! Thx 4 an amazing 1st year!
noble experiment and cafe chloe tonight. perfect friday night in east village. and, you know, i feel like i deserve it!
thanks so much make sure to share us with your friends !
Why I <3 : Browsing it gives the same high as an epic shopping trip, but without all that traveling and putting on pants.
my phone is about to die because of twitter and tumblr
Follow , he is truley amazing. (:
Thanks... I'm trying to get them to my niece so we can do a cover on them, but I can't find her on here yet ?!? LOL
Sons of guns isnt bad :D
im drunk on you and high on summertime :)
is my fab to win. Good luck!
That was a good birthday. Ready to celebrate Friday-Sunday now!
It would take more effort to develop all of that stuff from scratch than to totally overhaul 2010 visually, in my opinion.
idc!! Im legit wearing my crew neck cause i miss him :(
Woo #Bruins WIN.... What a shot
Old ass pics put a smile on my face....
Only if AMC Stubs gave me points for all the advanced screenings I attend there! Haha.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love school.
I'm fine, Roberta, thanks! We are past the blossoming stage of Spring here. Wish it would stay around longer. How are you?
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
is excited about a big announcement this Wednesday...stay tuned...
Get your TonyTat original art pieces. Still have 23 originals left. Need a tattoo design, album Art customized to fit you and your business.
you there now?
RT : RT : Satisfied customers are an organization's most successful sales people.
"And then we filled it with the cheese of dreams. ... Don't ask about the beans."
What's up Paul B!
Where? Need ideas...
Tip of the day: the more you know the less you have to listen.
hoax or not, I'll still be watching this one
Get ready for the most exciting team since 2001 with #MontaEllis #Ersanity running the show.
what are you talking about? I never said I was leaving I just said that you and Allison think that I'm not.
ok crazy idea sent! Easy idea: make a west coast , that looks like easy money.
Did you actually go hang gliding?!?!?!
Have a great thanksgiving everyone! If you're looking for a good read, check out the Cambridge Press site!
Me too. Might be there soon. Have fun!
10 dollars to whoever is willing to move to brazil with me ☀
Its crazy how both my grandparents was tagteaming a piece of ham off my plate
Leaving your babies mother to take care of your seeds while you chase tail #storyofmychildhood but naw
RED VELVET PANCAKES!!! Kristen was an Awesome server!!!
He wanna take me out, I've never been on a date...I can't I'm to nervous
The serenity of existence is often challenged by the existence of serenity.
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : My ankles are ashy : (
Here We Come
Rondo is out for the season
lol sounds like it
WATCH Magic City! Nuf said.
EII twitter'll see you later
I'm learning everything the disorganized hard way cuz of her methods. If I don't get it, i'll be back at library! Hope not!!
Who says Baseball players aren't tough?
follow me for tweets from our Lord!
A black theater in #GA hung a sign saying "Negroes only. No whites allowed" during #JimCrow. How should we read this?
Tebowing is now a graduation celebration. Atleast at UF.
No free refills on lemonade anymore? Means no bottomless Arnold Palmers. Still love the iced tea though.
All night at Celler Wine Bar- no tv, good music, great wine and tapas.
Scott Garrett statement: thanks tiebreaker John Farmer Jr. for new #NJMAP, looks forward to continuing work to cut taxes, spending
NFL draft guys in tonight HOT
this two hour glee special!! <3 way to end this season xD
0kc and Dallas
You're stupid for carrying your cash box out in the open. I don't care If were on the plaza. Dont make yourself a wide open target
I have found that Excedrin Migraine + Ben & Jerry's Cherry Garcia will cure any headache.
I wouldn't be able to get through it without your support, thank you!
What do you have going on Saturdays? Next month I'm hosting food truck festival and events every Sat in Feb and beyond! ; )
RT : "Rejoice in this day of life, being willing to follow Me wholeheartedly- wherever I lead," -Jesus Lives
no. I'm at work. But since I'm a huge dork I'll tell you I said day one he'd pick the crazy model. You watching on vacation?
but a nigga from nat alex are that flats as long as it's good music I fucks with it
niiiIiiite !!! hope fans enjoyed the episode and hpe america do 2!!!! this is ur day woo!!!!! <3
You're the best at #FF shout outs. Thank you.
Just realized that in the next 25 days, I'll be traveling 13 of them.
Morning twitter family! Be blessed! 😘
Favorite commercial so far, Gillette man grooming tool.
Morning Green Bay! Gettin some breakfast then hittin up Lambeau Field :) Checkin out Hall Of Fame. mentor is Vince :D
haha i just need a vacation in the sun
I'm happy to be writing some markup after a week of analyzing data & writing reports.
Neither can I! ": Thanks for the follow. Can't wait for #Royals season to start!"
Crackheads dancing under the bridge making my day
unfortunately yes.
facet mapping, be prepared to meet your classifier.
I want to make a ton!
I think it would be cool to collaborate on an art piece with Mixed media? Painting? Illustration?
Does anyone know any prison librarians? We have a question for them.
New favorite song
With about 1.4 million people in SA we're the 7th biggest city. And of all the rappers here, I like maybe 2 or 3 (including myself)
3:45 a.m. dance part to Destiny's Child "Survivor". So there's that.
Just got home from #gctreboot2012 thanks to for being great co pilot. Tomorrow will be hard but SO worth it! Thanks all
how much fun is 's new book? you should brake for your own copy!
It's amazing that our gvrnmnt allows our 2nd largest natural resource (oil) to largely be controlled in the most volatile part of the world.
Fully funded for - filming starts on Labor Day
#MyThoughtsDuringSex "Stop bitching n take this DICK you FREAK ass BITCH"
"Some have happy endings, some are bittersweet, but I love them all and thats what makes my life complete."
Dieing me hair!!
That's the plan. Frank is contemplating a Southern Virginia blogger event the same weekend. We meet with our party planner Sun.
Why should we try to think outside of the box when there really isn't one?
Heavy Guilt mobile quartet at 7th and Red River in the Whole Foods Tent 3:15pm.
u want b dissapointed
There is real love just as there are real ghosts; every person speaks of it, few persons have seen it
your sister is cracking me up ! I hope she gets more air time she's hilarious !
My pleasure!
Subway station is flooded and closed. Great start to the week!
I really need to change my twitter picture. Its like a year old now...
CMA Awards tonight!!! Ready to see !!!
thanks so much! we have a couple shows lined up in Nov and Dec in LB. I let you know as we get closer! :)
You're correct. :) I reposted!!
Day Two of shooting is underway, one scene down already...
My spring break is next week; I can't decide if the person who planned this is crazy or just a fantastic troll.
Need to stay focused today...can't get distracted by, oh look a new Tweet! :)
How I wish I responded to my tweet. but it will never happen. o:
Thanks John!
Ah, the condescending tone of a form rejection that expresses "regret"--only so much secondary meaning fits on a business card-sized slip.
been wanted to collab wit before j.cole. one of my fovorite song writers.
The highest recorded human scream is 129 decibels. I just hit 127. Here I come Guinness World Record Book.
I dont Believe your Words Most People are Pussy...Scared to B What God Had Made Them to B....Cudder
Love the Coke bears...David Beckham, not so much. And I can assure you I don't have that many tatoos.
Thanks Chris! I look forward to seeing your next movie, too!
...that had not received the official stamp of New York-based magazine full-bleed jump-the-gutter black-and-white advertising.
I know I have said this before but let me clarify.... Cancer REALLY sucks!
B.B.E BITCH WE DO NUMBERS!
Ok cool. Should I plan on being downtown at noon?
“: With all the Avengers news, I almost forgot to wish everyone a happy "Star Wars Day". #MayThe4thBeWithYou”
"I just want you, to know that you are really special."
do I know you from tumblr?
Check out at ellyclay.com! They have great handbags and cute wristlets too!
Gay as in homosexual?
are a series of expletives what you're referring to ???
muah ha ha ha! M
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
Your welcome!! :) xx
Can you navigate against a backdrop?
Shimada makes me really nervous... not sure why
Faculty Academy program is so packed that for the 1st time, I can't fit schedule-at-a-glance on 2 pages.
#HoodAccountPasswords pink friday
Heading to Public Works!! Everyone should come check it out it'll be a good time
eat all the food you can today!!
some ppl r so stupid.smh a person life isn't a joke
Finally got the word 'poop' on draw something. Now what...
-Big thank you to Curts B. in the Tampa claims office for excellent service in helping me get my car fixed after my accident!
IT'S DJ FLULA C'MON
"Can You Walk Away?" opens today in the Robert H. Smith Visitor Education Center, which is open from 9:30-4:30 Mon-Sat, and 10:30-4:30 Sun
Looking for a gluten-free meal? Stop in today at Los Equipales Restaurant for lunch and ask us about our gluten-free options!
Interior designers seem to have the most ridiculous Starbucks orders by profession. Someone should do a chart.
RT : WHEN DEM PANTS DROP, DEM BANDS DROP ayyyy
not at the moment, but I did all day yesterday. awful. How is that song on the radio in 2012?
Finished my Justin Bieber thingie.
Something or someone in this Metro car smells like low tide.
idk maybe they already tied once.. Yea english media trippin but it is manU not just any other club
Thanks for your interest! We have just confirmed our speakers RT : Do you need speakers for this event?
“ I can't even explain how relieved I feel to be a senior..I really don't think I could take another year of high school. #sodone”
Be. Give. Receive. This is the formula for how things work for positive and negative feelings. Be Love, Joy & Light.
I was set to give up on counting steps!
Of course it's also National Poetry Month!!
Oh, you don't know who I am? I'm Samuel Sullivan Cox, friend of the Letter Carrier! I'm kind of a big deal around here
In fact, I don't particularly like that cat. But her half-asleep / eyes-closed laying on her back like that was humorous.
Going to bed.
Who are your favorite #filmmakers?
I'd rather fight yoda in a light saber battle than go to work tomorrow
Dreams are not erasable!!! Capture them one dream at a time! Destined to make moves the right way!
When you encounter a wall, tell yourself: "Since there is a wall here, a wide, open expanse must lie on the other side."
u good milly m m
and and possibly go after a Nash or someone on that level? thanks.
Waiting 4 the #bf3 update on #xbox360 this week read it's 1g of memory #WTF they better not fuck it up!!!! 
Hansen's pass is complete but the Buffs lose five yars
no way to justify not tipping unless waiter didn't do their job or was rude. Eat fast food or get takeout if you don't want to tip.
We're doing simplified sea pennies! Crochet for beginners! Since you already know how to crochet, please join us!
Haha yeah. How's SC and the tRap game?
As a #Taurus your ability to do so many things so well is the reason why some people are just going to be insecure.
Dear Coors Light, we get that your beer is cold. This is not special to your beer. Other beers can be colder, potentially frozen.
#WhenAustin got his ears pierced. <3 RT if you love his earrings. :)
With compassion comes responsibility. - Rabbi Brant Rosen
Thanks, Katie, had a blast. RT Thanks and #uwsocial for having me. Always fun!
I'm bout to take a nap after I get dressed 😣💤 I'm just too tired
This record is gonna be a headphones-on kind of record.
Follow & for announcements about the 1st broadcast of
Eh Swammie Is Finally On Twitter --->
yes darling ^_^
Oracle V. Google Jury Deadlocked? - InformationWeek
#ThoughtsWhileRunning wait it's been 20 seconds and CRAMP
From 's summary of the report: "schools with a higher concentration of students in poverty are less likely to offer arts education."
He just got called up from A Rochester, where I watched him play while interning. The dude is pretty solid, ain't he
#TimbersFC Wanted: Left & Right Backs + Decent service to Kris Boyd.
I look like such a creeper in that pic. Lol.
Sorry I took so long. I actually don't have any good contacts for Spanish translators in SD. Good luck!
#lessexcitingbandnames Jefferson Airport Shuttle
haha yes lady o may be the coolest chick i've never actually met.
I made it to #Phx. I hope to be back in #rva in 6 hrs or so.
looking in the mirror again?
It flowed really well though, so don't worry about the call ins! You can have to led us in more later. All good!
Feedmilwaukee is now on twitter
If you had the opportunity to take a VIP reporter to eat ONE thing in the city of Cleveland where would you take him/her?
I have never seen as many people ride bikes as I have in #Austin. Except in #Amsterdam and I am not sure I was accurately viewing.
It was awesome, thanks for posting it :D
Billy Butler
I got a million ways to get it Choose one Hey, bring it back Now double your money and make a stack. On to $400 HOSE
i got u since im not a sore loser like you
#followfriday! please please follow me <33
He dares to be a fool, and that is the first step in the direction of wisdom. by~ James Huneker
:O por que?
Does anyone else drive on the freeway like they're in a video game?
blame it on the bacon fog :)
why do all hot and cute guys come from canada ...like seriously why cant there be more of those here in NYC
Twitter suggests I follow Oprah/Taylor Lautner/American Airlines/Joe Biden. Answer: Umm no/I'm not 14, or a girl, no/Seriously? No/Hell no.
Fake it till you make it.
"never forget you"
This is quite the brickfest by the Celtics, go make a f-ing layup!
its ok. Still think you rock;)
I'm doing a dessert sculpture on a naked girl 4 a luncheon 2morrow. Any ideas, apart from the obvious cherry placement?
thanks for climbing aboard, darlin! RT me and I'll swipe you in for free.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
I love she's so pretty & such a great actress. :]
tore up her song Beautiful diva. Much love!
When you feel like giving up, just remember how far you've already walked to get here today.
This summer needs to hurry up…
OMG eve is hilarious
Newest Launch www.priestsoul.com
lol yu get on me yu know what time it is
Quote of the day: "Gotta work at what you do and go for the best."
How fun! She's a little darling. Love her so!
Because the good will of those we serve is the foundation of our success, it's a real pleasure at this Holiday time to say "Thank You"!...
nah i feel you.. just had to call it out it was sexy tho lol
Well twitter nation I'm about to go underground so keep safe in these streets see you sooner than later... Love, live,learn!!
OK. Ranting done. I blame for linking to that rolling stone article. Go back to your regularly scheduled Friday night.
so sad about Junior ..
Remembering that time Beautiful Boy got drunk and stared at himself in the mirror for 15 minutes... I kinda miss Beautiful Boy.
If someone asked me "what poet's work would Kira carry today?," my immediate response would have been Rossetti. :-)
I didn't know u was back In town.
Calling all Chefs! A legendary Cleveland venue is seeking the next, hot chef. Connect with us if you fit the bill!
What's the movie?!
cool. I'm on stage jammin' to Fitz and the Tantrums! Awesome!!
thanks!! I just finished tagging tonight. Yea!
my boy always got that on deck so Ive been giving in to that recently, definitely #highstatus lol.
#FF love to fantastic #health and wellness tweeps!!
Long day..tried to hang shades but nothing is ever as easy as it should be
my bad.
Great new show at the American Art Museum-"Multiplicity" with stuff from Chuck Close, John Cage, Kiki Smith, Sol LeWitt, and more. ChkItOut!
Screaming I Can't Take It No More .
Summer must be on it's way because I feel the urge for day drinking coming on #alfresco #qualityoflife You with me ?
Sick of trying to master work/life balance. Too many rules, too much guilt. Work-life integration is way better.
Check out behind the Mic! with the artist from the www.youtube.com/user/210micpass
#rememberwhen justin bieber wasn't famous? yeah i want that to happen again
No work for me today
You are not a photographer…..You just have an overpriced camera.
"Yes, they were the Marlins at the time." T-Mac, ladies and gentlemen.
I wipe my ass with polo toilet paper
Sure do. RT Do you start your day w/ email produced by ? You should....
Nyckelharpa duet practicing session.
Jessica Sanchez sounds just like jennifer Hudson
Thank u all the people who support me I wont let u down I do this day by day
um...I know it is heresy but...I...don't really like fernet...sorry...hope this doesn't impact our friendship.
whats good bro
Thanks! Some great news articles in this issue!
Midwest's Best Burgers via -- Hooray for !
Just got done eat my breakfast from McDonalds
RT : Number one skill students and educators need today: creating a network for their own learning. bit.ly/kTQ7Ab
i miss you <3
Sprung Niggas Be Quiet!
Truth. Mr. Universe has been off, however, Philadelphia's offense is pretty explosive.
What is black and white and black and white and black and white?A Newcastle fan rolling down a hill!
J. Peterman is narrating this dog show. Where is mr. pitt?
Listening to John C. Reilly and Christoph Waltz speak about their movie, Carnage.
Thank you for sharing my webinar today. Always enjoy , coming from VC world it makes me smile.
two things. Storage unit is a go? And I'm gonna miss you i never said bye ms espana!
Caught a guy doing something in the locker room, you know what I mean? can't he wait till he gets home? Is it the aroma?
good stuff, TY!
I know
it can happen you just have to be really unlucky
RT : Just a complete sad day in the NFL!!!
As Visanthe Shiancoe's fluffer. There, I said it. RT ": Greg Oden reportedly received offers to work in porn..."
You're done already? How graphic was it? Glad you liked it I am having cihcken dinner now :)
Not that I want to be a member of Yakuza, I just like their tattoos.
Time to train. Early morning gym flo.
If u a jump off be good at being a jump off
I got hacked on Twitter, so reset my password. Does anybody know: is this enough? Way to report these @#!s?
Super stress. I have 100 things to do, but no time to do it
Happily in Boston for the weekend! Cheers!
I don't speak French ;-) All is grand.
I love that Dick Leinenkugel just quoted Fat Bastard from Austin Powers!
His big ass always standin at the door waitin on dis mail every day!!!! I bet ppl be scared AF to walk past dis house...I kno I would be ._.
The way we talk and the people to whom we talk creates, sustains, and sometimes destroys relationships, organizations, and communities.
Please RT for her 21st Birthday! She absolutely adores you & met u in Pittsburgh! Biggest fan! Loves u. Thank u! <3
Haha. You never learn. You'll be in sit for the rest of freshman year..
Sometimes the first thing that pops into your head is the last thing that should pop out of your mouth.
Follow he follow back
Receive a $25.00 Stateroom Credit on Disney Cruise Lines TODAY!!
Are you guys all ready for the Snowshoe Pub Crawl tomorrow?
RT : Like a good neighbor, state farm is there!......................With Pau and Bynum showing up in the second half!
Meeting with folks to work on exit strategy. We're working on handing over a collection mid-process. Hard to believe our time is almost up!
U.S. Senate to hold hearing on Universal-EMI deal
Guys that will do things just to make their lady smile>
Follow so he can get to 1700! He likes Odd Future too so.
