Some people never realize the extent of the pain they've caused you. they're too selfish to see. you deserve better.. stay strong
Well, on behalf of you, and , I'll go to work on a Red Sox iPad app immediately. And I'm not kidding!
all we got is memories so what the fuck is time
it's moved to continue development under the apache foundation. So people can install the tech locally
Listening to #Cinderella - #LongColdWinter for the fist time in years. Love that album!! Reminds me of a simpler time...
FINAL: No. 1 seed Spalding University defeats No. 5 Southern Virginia 4-2; Golden Eagles advance to #USCAASCWS semis tomorrow at 2pm.
will keep you in mind 4 speaking referrals in the future.
85% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
There *has* to be a better way to do online faculty governance than this. To think that ALA Council runs more efficiently. *sigh*
is turning over a new leaf. a new lunch leaf.
hell yea
going to be super super early tonight :D haha makes us for only getting 4 hours of sleep last night!
How did I read the stars so wrong?
oh cuz we all got called not to go but she didn't get a call haha, text David give him her #
I want Too High and DooF to be liberated this summer. I guess it's not a liberation if it's never been played though!
Bumped into 2 other dads I know today buying NHL stickers in my town. I know that must make happy!
Last SONG!!! WHAT A WEEKEND!!! #Texas here I come!!
Not very nice weather today, but at least the cool temps are good for all you marchers out there! Hope you have great shows this weekend!
Well I didn't do like any of my English work
Thanks for the hookup!!! I LOVE #swagbucks!
I think leadership comes from integrity � that you do whatever you ask others to do
Interesting Target Field will become 100% smoke free. As a non-smoker, not an issue, but I don't see a problem with one designated area
The world didn't end on 5-21-2011 so I guess it's back to work on Monday.........
I wanna shower but my cousin is outside playing and my instincts say BITCH if that were your kid you wouldn't do it!
Having your crap team down 3-0 in the playoffs is like driving to work knowing you're getting fired!
Hedo you gone learn today
This is gonna be a great day for doing NOTHING!
Looking forward to it!
looking' good Robin!!
im done now
I knew my heart couldn't handle this. Then again, I'm surprised it managed this long.
hahah I know
No doubt, Terps have the best bench celebration of any team sport. Period.
ha ha, yes. That would take some extreme peddle power to reach you. Come visit when you have a chance!
Is it possible to make a million dollars in a day?
Thinking of you at #6chestnuthillstore. Wish I could be there.
I love seeing all your tweets! Don't listen to the nutsos that follow you and then don't want to read what you say!
Thanks so much - Rock on! :)
love u! Is a honor for me to share a stage with you xoxo
Idk why I'm so tired...It might just be the weather. 💤
Yep. I just changed my password. Sorry.
Of course they give Kobe the ball...
Is it April 17th yet? New Schedule D reporting has been the bain of the season. All brokerage reporting not equal. Can you spell extension?
follow back Bro?
Three runs and a fifth inning which was completely saved from the garbage heap by the defense?
Beautiful day for some baseball. Go Nats?
dang! stupid commercials!
: I recuse myself of this thread. Getting too real up in here.
Between Bynum and Gasol the Lakers have collected all the rebounds in the world.
I don't wanna be a freshman next year. Ohh well.
i miss you so much. but i still love and support you tho :)
#fridayreads Long Walk to Freedom (Nelson Mandela)
Blueberry Muffins<3
Dream of tomorrow, live today
What's with Ray missing FT's in this series?!
and now i just LIKED /sharknife, woo
Newsweek, congrats. You will never, ever be seen in my household again. That cover is offensive on every level.
Thought that a Highest-&-best use when I bought them-though given for culinary pleasure alone.
ok sounds good! i'm just gonna look around tweet some people and see if i can find out :) :)
yes that course was pretty fast. Came in a minute under my stretch goal time, so I was happy with that!
Wow, costly RT : Pretty bad deal for Jonathan Vilma. For offering a $10,000 bounty on Warner & Favre, he will lose $2.6 million
Omw to work blasting my man mixtape!! 🔊
Todd haley's beard.
or maybe i should call a lil later, ppl prolly still in church.
OnRamp is mindful of Air Quality Awareness Week (April 30 – May 4). 100% renewable energy means less emissions to power our
I might be, but I can't guarantee that I will.
Won lacrosse game!<3
success is the best revenge 💙
well, im glad to be getting people who agree with me && not little girls attacking me. lol.
Beyonce deffo singin to track. The "mics" & all-white "horns" & all-girl section is "playin" shows she has a sense of humor about it.
Do not fear we didn't have to leave school I mean the ceiling could have calapsed but
NO I GOT SWITCHED TO NEW TWITTER!
Client (JB) wants to know what color we should have on the walls for the 'Archive Room.' Vetting furniture and carpet. Feeling spoiled.
It's another one of those eerily beautiful days in Hampden, come in, grab a burger and a salad and sit out front and enjoy it in the sun!
For sure, especially since you live in Milwaukee! Now I just need to get to move back here (miss you, Guldan!).
Tonight we are young. So we'll set the world on fire. We can burn brighter than the sun.
That missed call hurt us there.
It took you a month to answer me. Now, you want me to answer you quickly in one day. Wrong Negro!
Arik Cannon pins Erick Stevens with a sunset flip.
"We are an urban school district- this cannot be ignored!" Nichelle Nichols, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
As much of a chicken shit as I am, I am so curious about ghosts and stuff like that.
Thanks! It's amazing what can make cookies stick
Barbara! Can you give me some advice for a wine newbie? Thanks! ;)
During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were 'just going down to
I feel like we are cory and topanga..especially in that episode when topanga moves from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh
Twilight saga beats inception, social network, and black Swan at #mtvmovieawards... Best movie!! Justice has been served!!!!
So beautiful. :)
Your date can read beneath your act subconsciously, so be authentic.
#sloancres What was the URL and code for the membership?
i love clothes. and benedryl.
If you haven't listened to Fang Island lately you should probably go ahead and do that. You're welcome.
thank you :D if you like it, please tweet about us :)
this just turns my world upside down...I'm Orlando & not Seattle?!? Don't know if I can handle this...
I love my Kindle. My only complaint is that it's not a touch screen...but now it is!
Not much to say about our motel today in Sanderson, TX, so no blog post. Fingers crossed as we leave this morning for Marathon
Gorgeous women that rock tims with booty shorts. >>>>>>>
*exits TL* Ion Wanna Hear About You Bitches && 106 && Park..
Happy Valentines Day Nick I love you !
my bestfriend gave me the best advise..
I might get to make use of my #lis403 evaluation skills on the job; I didn't always like that class, yet I am excited about that. Huh...
Kick off your weekend here at Outwrite with 10/20/30 % Off SALE BIG Double Punch Drink of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha
Need a dj for your upcoming event? Need promo or marketing help? We can help!!! Join us on facebook too !!
Club level at the game!
Also, a group of kids running around LC card catalog stacks yelling "deep, dark secrets!" These conspiracists get cuter every day.
Yes, we live in the Bay Area. I love their salsa.
chris said its Sworn In, Every Passing Dream and Perables
Wise choice.
#GTL gotta love Jersey Shore!
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???3
I'll be sure to pass it along!
Does BG sponsor this event or something? I can't figure out why there are so many tweets about it from a vacation org...?
Everyone morning I wake up and request Don't Be Shy by on Radio Disney a many times as I can before I have to leave!
Where art thou, Kevin?
Each word went through one ear and out the other 
At least there was no dead mouse in your food.
All of life is real. There are no moments that are more real than others
No interviews from the Pats. #weak 3 time SB winner #TB12 has nothing nothing to hide from
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Check it out ,talented rap duo Ev & Stel ..Support good music and let us know what you think!
Just let me know when. Will there be an escalator at your event? That could persuade me.
Bill gate the science guy has nothing on our molecular drinks !!
Someone get me out of here tonight before I get myself in trouble...
hottest men ever !!!!
#4. Pistachio and Mustache share a common 'tache' root. Both rhyme with cash. Hmm, <<enter equation here>>, EUREKA! I AM RICH BEYOND WEALTHY
we love you too. we dont just love Dylan❤
Are you familiar with Figueroa/Sunset area? Thats where my grandparents lived. Grandpa still does. A lot has changed there.
what up, G?
speaking of stealin, your terrarium is still here at PCA and it's tempting me!
has a Toronto review ever gone in Kings favor?
this is the best photo of you. ever. EVER.
Sick of the same shit all the time.
Aight, we in our seats, the roof is open, time to get this game started. GO REDSKINS!!!!!!
Getting familiar with Twitter.
You're missing the point. The whole idea is to harass black dudes. DUH! That's NYC policy since Giuliani.
I'm taking the day off...wow, deja vu ;-)
haha I'm actually at right now.
Thank you my dear Antonio!!! Merry Christmas!! :D
As far as playoffs atmosphere is concerned, the white-outs never look good on TV; they look cheap & boring. Teams need to add color!
Not everyone thinks so. It's sad. RT Being happy and being successful are two different things.
like seriously in the beginning of the year he made us write down our adress,phone number,email address on a card and give it to hm
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
I am about to devour this in front of me.
Gotta love it when takes to twitter to vent.
had an awesome Christmas, plus i got to hang out with the most awesomest person everr, :D
George Mason~ To disarm the people... was the best and most effectual way to enslave them.
Come on out to the #savektru tailgate before the football game, noon to 2 pm!!
a lot of people including myself did think they would keep up with Oregon
hope it turns up soon!
May peace and goodwill on Earth prevail, and not just today.
Thank you and let me know any #makeup tips for this season
No doubt.
:'/ dam where can he be I'm worried... real worried... :/
Dangg harsh! Lol :) RT : LBJ can win MVPs but don't mean jack if he don't win in June. Kobe has 5 rings 2 LBJ's ZERO
bitch you live in Wyoming lol
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS RIP Jamey
Sweats > jeans
Ginger attempting to tweet more: I definitely just saw a unicyclist track standing. Oh wow Portland!
Loan modification is a scam to make money for the modification company they get paid for each application so that is why you wont get one
You know who is beautiful? Khloe Kardashians friend Malika
It is too nice out to be at work right now ;/
Hard work pays off. Couple of announcements coming soon. Good month for Rosehaven
i know you do : ) lolol
Verdict is in for the Alicia Martinez murder case.
Context switching between interesting design/coding work at Microsoft and exciting personal work is challenging but fun!!! :-)
I caught a few seconds of "My big gypsy wedding" tonight and I never get those seconds back.
13 essays to go!
I did. Your a great singer
Employer Member is also showing us the love! So good to have new members in the new year.
It's 5... ish. Works for me!
uh oh, picked up another book I want to read. I'm getting into the habit of starting a new book only 3/4 through the last.
Has anyone seen the film #Machuca? I have a question about it.....
Thx as always for your inspiration!
Congrats to the Dallas Mavs. They get to keep the title of NBA Champions for 1 more year
trolleys are so overpriced...
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! Tell us where you are today and how you are celebrating! Here in Buenos Aires, we are working :(
Kentucky is a basketball school and Florida is a football school. We get 24,000 every home game including midnight madness
Agora Forte's "Monuments": the prerequisite for all music lovers.
twugs n sending lots of bday love
ehh, let's see him say that next year when Hazard takes his minutes
What is your favorite podcasting program that is free? TIA!!
Working on building a website for my resume. Need some inspiration!
Braise, braise, braise away, you spicy piece of beef. In the meantime, I'm going to make mussels with chorizo.
“: "Im not like most guys"- Most Guys”
High on life.
My fav rap line ever from Sure Shot "I've got more rhymes than I've got gray hairs And that's a lot because I've got my share"
YOUR message came when I no longer wait.
Tried this really cool tropical fruit first time in my life called zapote. It's super sweet and very good in desserts and smoothies. Yummy!!
Me - its raining outside Nikki - are u serious?! F***, I don't have a hood (looks over shoulder) oh wait ya I do. STUDYING SUCKS!
good night x
glad you enjoyed your drinks & appetizers! Come back soon!
In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy, and I prolly ain't leaving the next time I'm in Cleveland
I though LL was going to say he was going to show us a good night by taking off his shirt
what a lovely discussion to find upon waking in a seedy hotel in Québec!
if they dont rebound consistently & play big in general theyll really have trouble w okc - those young guys are too active
Ngga i am SO sick and tired of your bullshit . Suck a cock .
Friday is finally here!! Yes
#raw10 Ur Ghetto: if u pop Popcorn n a skillet. Cookin oil n butter, shaking the skillet 2 make all kernels pop. Waking up all the Neighbors
cant wait! RT : whaddup guys!! Don't worry, I'm headed back to #Vegas soon!!
what was that suppose to be? haha
aw congratulations on your engagement
Former Kenny Cooper scored his second goal of the season to give #RBNY a 2-0 advantage over the Colorado Rapids.
I can do this, day 1 so so so close to over :)
Day 7 of #SXSW film fest. Attended 24 screenings so far and have about 12 to go. Good luck to #IUBB Hoosiers v. NM State!
excuse me! and you lied and said we was gonna hang out!! smh ((liar))
Have you signed your team up for the CORN-HOLE tournament yet? Stop by the leasing office today to secure your spot!!!
RT : Are you watching what you feed our children? Say NO to
Do you want to go to foxfest or Elf during 4th period tomorrow #Eng9? Buy your tix today!!
Thanks for the shout outs and and Happy 4th!
Forreal .": It doesnt even matter bc the more she fucks up the more she's jus pushing me into someone else"
Watching #DreamGirls I've only watched once before. I have a feeling my sis is seeing it for the nth time. I'm ADD, once is usually enough
I have to meet kings<33
Yes!! Nice job Drew!!!
Thanks for the recommendation! How can we help?
The aging cellar portion of the tour? Cold. But thirst remains quenched!
I DIDN'T KNOW JORDAN WAS A COUNTRY WHAT
Agreed. I think it's going to be really, really awesome!
you're such a cutie
It's going to be a late night.
Would love to help! We can get the word out through & try to drive support back to your project!
Find the closest cliff? Explain
I've always wanted to roll around in a giant hamster ball.. i'm determined to accomplish this before I die.
lol meanwhile d dubs the one that moved away
I just smashed down so much food. :/
Headed to Decatur Middle School to celebrate its selection as a “School to Watch” by the National Forum to Accelerate Middle Grades Reform.
No problem :)
Cant wait to eat at #geris tn
I'm using it on my phone now!
So happy to be curled up in bed with the fireplace on with !
Lmao she said she need ta put her strap down that was funny
- Great picture! I knew you would figure it out.
#YouWereCuteUntil you disrespected and hurt me
Aww okay! Good night! :)
eww finals! Lol kk I might do something for my bday so come! :) lol I have your number I think so ill text you where n when.
In Sept 2010 DOJ sued six high tech co's, including Google and Apple, over deals not to solicit their respective skilled employees
The first time I'm going to sleep on a week day w/o setting an alarm since august...agh GN :)
My black Calvin Klein is about half a size too small.
Champagne is on the agenda this evening. Suggestions?
write in the space below
you're welcome!
#FF Thank you! Hope you're doing well! :)
lol I swore I heard a mountain lion. I was about 2 tk off, but how in the the hell are we going 2 out run that. I knew we was dead
asians girls are the best
Trying to perfect some streaming video code for iOS. Will be great once done but I do hate messing with video.
Discovery just made second lap directly over Tysons Corner
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one!
yall understand my tweet
have fun but not tew much or ima fuk u up
Today was quite interesting.
I hope Romney camp can take advantage of the goldmine of ammo Obama is giving them to use on him
I just pre-ordered 2 copies.
Coaching and accountability come easy when your doing it for the right reasons. Development! Not when your trying to get someone to do a job
I am taking an early flight home. My son is in the hospital (ill not injured) and I'm slightly freaking out.
Out in Vegas with for her birfday. Might try n twitter her facebook later if she's cool with bein all up in myspace.
Thanks Mack, I hope you enjoy it.
ok thanks, i knew one of the two won like right at the begining, So did they win second HOH or did Matt
I would if I were going to be there! Went a couple of weeks ago---saw the triple play & walk-off win! :)
Germantown absolutely crushed Madison Memorial. Showalter had 4 huge dunks! Tomorrow King vs Germantown should be epic
Sometimes people doing their job poorly is a GOOD thing. I hope you had proper insurance (Guessing they broke a window)?
Watched the original Friday the 13th last night- not much of a story, but a classic nonetheless and great inspiration for Rabid Love!
Are you following yet? That's the source for the latest news about Jefferson County government.
Have a good day at work
I was wondering... What program(s) do you use to produce your shows?
That would be amazing! If you're ever in NY, we're 1 hour north!
phenomenal. Almost unbelievable.
Im so hungry!!
Helping shoot #StonersTimeMachine yesterday and Tuesday with and !! Lots and lots of fun!
RT : What a dull night.
I see the freshman year experience was too much for
That maple syrup isn't going to keep in 110 degree weather
"Love is my only obligation." - E. Stanley Jones" That's what I'm talking about.
Congrats to Katie Wirkus! Our 64th Alice in Dairyland!
We will be playing at the Britton Pub in NW OKC this Saturday night. Show starts at 9. See you there.
Me three. RT Me to ": sephora gave me sugar lips for my birthday 💝"
say mane when you gonna give these streetz sum of that gud gud? Its been to long pimp, we need that.
do you cheat and stand on your tippy toes? Be honest.
Of course my teacher is extremely late for my last class ever. Why would I want to get out early or anything?
you're not allowed to follow me!!!
lol! Get money!
I made a lasagna that I'm not proud of :( try again next week
don't ruin the greatness!
Blackened salmon and an amazing squash & zucchini casserole for dinner!! I even shocked myself with the vegetables :)
tank tank..tanktanktank
I enjoyed having dinner with you tonight. The fried grasshoppers will make it extra memorable...
people have the weirdest imagination. XD.
You have to be repetitive and literal. You have to be repetitive and literal. You have to be repetitive and literal. You have to...
And Donald Driver BETTER NOT be let go. His winning attitude was one of the bright spots Sunday. Class act, great talent, needs to stay.
Hello in Hawaiian!
DLB vid? Are you trying to kill me? Lol.
Haha but it was funny though huh! lol Im sorry I didnt mean to hurt your poor wittle feewings )':
keep your head up man
I'm on 's side!!! Dear Brittany Spears fans, lighten up a little. No need for the sensitivity
Ah! How am I supposed to save for a concert when ppl keep wanting to hang out at places that cost money? God help meh.
whurs my peeps in dallas tx
Good luck to our neighbor Logan Theater on their first day back in business after 6 long months of renovations. We've missed you!
there was a atricle in my local paper yesterday for everyone to check the sex offender registry before goin out!!
Last 8 am sports psych class. Praise God.
Watch Channel 12 news tonight at 10:00 to see Colleen Henry report on WI Humane Society's SAFE HAVEN program. A little bird told me . . .
yes! And want to see any you took while in Angola, Nigeria.
A Ride Or Die Chick>>>
your hands are rough--but they are where mine belong.<3
Seed fund and accelerator launched for Columbia students, alumni, faculty. Info and deadlines here cfund.co
is more beds and a nicer building equal to better care or healthier people?
As of now, the majority of the votes support the idea of our single being Westlake's Senior Song 2011. Keep it up! Love you guys!
Cute stuff!
Happy Mother's day to every mom out there! You deserve all the love! :).
Ah #lolla seeing
": Are you still online via fb RT": kk""yes please like fan page
thanks for the follow. Dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:)
Looking forward to
said dog needs a walk tonight
Speak from your heart. Show that you care - about yourself and the people with whom you are speaking.
Sometimes the grass looks greener on the other side because its being better taken care of.
can't wait to get this new project off the ground.. one step at a time tho can't rush greatness lol
ZERO BULLYING! *Sending out the e-newsletter on modeling the courage, character and conduct we want to see in the schools and workplaces!
what?? ARE YOU SERIOUS!! I'M SO JEALOUS!!!
Big shout out to my girl do yo thang!
“: Workouts today are going to be interesting #teamfitness ”
Ha! Good call.
NOW THAT'S CARDINAL BASKETBALL !!!!!
Why am I up?
On the plus side, everyone has been eerily friendly and helpful today at Hartsfield-Jackson.
Note to self: hashtag #jokes are not
For the people i follow, PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
And then he demanded a trade to The Office, where he would be the starting host.
its ok:)
Note to self: A road trip to New Orleans sounds fun, but in reality, 17 hours there & 17 hours back is not fun.
Hello there !
Touche. You're right. You're always right.
join the KCJA tonight at the Phoenix and listen to DJ Sweeny! music starts at 7 pm
Korchoks going too hate me.. Didnt do her packet..
♩♫ Never thought I'd be on a plane. In the sky, flyin' high, it's insane♩♫ Yeah...I wrote that XD
When just being a regular guy who innovates goes bad-a run in with the patent attys. better to start a firm or make it public domain
#Bears fans piss me off sometimes. Lets have them put some pads on and play some games before you light them up.
someone already has uncleluke that's a bummer
I been sleep in all my classes today just ready to go home
Recently laid off? Want to learn Flex? DM or email (serge at adobe dot com) (via )
OMG here we go
Thanks for following us, Michelle!
I still haven't gotten my phone back. Hopefully by next week. Well see!
yes we have some work to do ;)
not much & sorry it took so long to answer back i've just been real busy lately... how are you doing?
Just tasted the Swedish Meatballs, Cathy has cooked up some amazing treats for us tonight. Can't wait to see you.
Wondering what the effect of Steve Jobs will have on Apple's future?
Today's the day! Ohio bound!
and they kind of look similar!
Avengers was amazzing.... had fun hanging out with Cassie Sherron, and !!
i did! hot french neighbor is hot!
I get sick at least every month. hating my body.
I've got VCU in my bracket. Hope they can finish it.
I need a job
9/7/2010 Worry About Customers, Not Financing or Exits, Says Angel Investor Joe Caruso Xconomy
Congrats Jamarcus Russell.not only do suck on the field but now your starting to suck off the field.BTW nice Mugshot.
hahahaha what an embarrassment to human kind #loveher she would of brought her gel nailpolish and paint everyone's nails
None of my tweets have anything to do with me and my baby
“: This is the thoughtful merge of myself and the outlet again.”
oh shit, i guess that's one less bitch you gotta worry about
in Ft. Lauderdale teaching 3-day oral history workshop for the Seminole!
you aren't missing anything it is just a thought I had last night #noworries #behappynow wee wee we we wewewewewewe
Of course there was a major #marcfail the Friday night of a holiday weekend, and on the Brunswick Line
I really do think #samesexmarriage is a big human rights issue for our country and the world.
What a great idea! RT I just made every hanger in my closet face out. What's still facing out March 1, 2013 gets donated.
Awww hahaha. If you're saying I should purchase something for Snacks, I DO have an Amazon giftcard!
Cleveland Got the best Rookie Point Guard
Wrapping up another crazy 16-hour day ...
Maybe a pet who's incredibly two-faced and will betray you in a second. Maybe a cat? ;)
just took a tour of my library's adaptive toys collection. apparently we are 3rd library in FL to offer this collection. very impressed!
Can I be your lovely assistant?
Having fun at our friends little one's bday party! Happy bday, Lily!
Awkward right
im scared of failing but if i never tried then i never really lived in the first place
Out shopping with mom! =)
Its only 8:30 and Im ready for bed! However Ive decided to wait for my coughdrops to arrive in about an hour!!! haha
I know now I wanna watch the whole episode for maybe the slightest glimpse of s mom
. Well, then, you really do *need* to get those shoes too.
i've been left school! :P i'm at radioshack!
LETS BOYCOTT FOR NOT HAVING WGN. I WANT MY BASEBALL!!!!
I Know You See All These #swerve Tweets.... Tellin' You Mane... Let Em Ride The
This game will end with a MWP or Bynum doing something naughty. Chain them the bench now
- How are the rays down there in SV? Thinking what to pack. I can still fee the snow pack in Seattle
oh gosh xD I didn't even know she had a twitter xD
OH BOY! More reasons to stay on Facebook...don't worry about the rest of the web kids, Facebook has everything you need.
If you watch closely, you can spot a Three Men and a Baby in the background of Ghost.
oh well, I guess a lot will change...boo, this abusing me -.-
Maroon 5 doesn't hold a candle to The Beach Boys. ??? #grammys I'd expect this from NBC, but not CBS.
Don't sneeze while putting on eyeliner. It'll hurt -.-
I hope this gnome keeps leaving random blunts layin around my house....thatll be his rent...keep us blazed & live under the bed for free lol
» Are you tired ? Because you've been runing through my mind all day..
Whens your birthday?
RT : Today's big news: I was asked to be a regular on JJ Abrams new show Revolution. Really excited and happy. Congrats, Tim!
happened to me...got a new battery and it worked perfectly
had an awesome birthday dinner with my two birthday pals! Second visit and as awesome each time as the other! Veal porterhs 2die4
ouch I hate myself for getting that wrong
followed! Follow me back?
idk what the hell you been doin anymore James Bond!
What a rainy, yucky day!
The world keep spinning..it ain't gonna stop so why would I stop?
Before, I'd only heard of this great show.
Thanks for stopping by the office today. Always good to talk with you
believes that Justin Bieber is God's way of punishing Americans for electing Obama!
I hate parents and I hate being 16.
Wow amazing time!!! I'm no where near that. Would love to PR at 2:10, but will need to shave 13 min off last time. Rest those legs!
I guess its a good thing I live in Columbus then. ;). RT town full of idiots.
I think :) I think I've heard of it :) They play for Brazil?
Emotional to night .
Looking for Mentors for an elementary age students---have lunch w/ 1x week, 30 min.between 11-12:30 E.Austin contact
hey girlie how ya been?
lady's love me , I'm on my cool J [;
Prime East Village true 2 bedroom $2200 available immediately!
yes, the data is speaking, you are made "a user" by it, and you are not protected when you do so.
Hi! I just sent you an email about our "Taste of Italy" event at the Italian Embassy. Hope you can make it.
just gave us a great interview for the book. Such a nice guy. Incredibly humble, and amazing stories.
Doing great, thanks! About to marry :)
Good Morning Tuesday :)
I don't think Elise chose the right song tonight. Not very good.
and boyfriend omg this is too much for me to handlee
I did #followback #teamfollowback :) :) :) Talk soon!!
if your music act requires a wardrobe change, you're doing it wrong.
me!! All my bitches love me All my, all my bitches love me All my bitches love me You aint fuckin wit my dougie! hahaha :P
how I'm fake
what about marigold or coral or lavender?
brendafongclear Thank you for following! I look forward to future tweets!
not one damn thing. He's to old.
Great first hour - coming up after the news: your calls and emails 317-736-0950 or
Morrocan spiced Alaskan day boat Halibut with Summer Corn relish for an entree special!
My mom didn't pack me a spoon to eat my snack pack
How would you reinvent Detroit? RT : Detroit's strength is its underlying inventive/ethos
Thanks for the RT. Have a blessed day
Happy Halloween from Siren Promotions!!!
Whew, performance time!
Thanks for following us. Looking forward to check out one of your shows. Happy Fat Tuesday. Cheers, Lance
even small inst like +powerful than indiv ppl. "carry a big stick!" says ; "some ppl don't even have sticks!" is reply.
Oh, you fancy huh?
YOU CAN STILL PRE-REG FOR YOUR FREE ESSENCE SWAG BAG!!! EMAIL FIRST & LAST NAME 2 groovedanceclass! Ends at 4pm! ACT FAST!
done :P
This 84 InTouch mag is amazing-Basically gay porn but w/ articles about LA punx, Black Flag, Sisters of Mercy, Pete Burns, Cocteau Twins
RT : I've always wanted that Tupac mural that Jody had on his wall in "Baby Boy"
Maybe this explains the numerous occasions where my wife just sighs and shakes her head at the clothes I've chosen.
June, could be early June. RT : when is jorge de la rosa's eta?
i walked today and i worked in my friends yard
Poor Dusty. A man should be able to be a big kid and show off his stuff...and eat lots of M&M's :)
thanks so much!!
Goldberg: the court must take into consideration the HD 63 history.
Dealing with family & work issues just now allowing me to catch these last few minutes of the Bulls game.
love that girl
I Dont have a home no more cuh cuh, But when i get a chance ima come see you. you my M.C.
hey im Evelyn and could you help me mix my name with my Louis's name lol
ha ha.. yes.. he's gonna add a background and drop the final soon...
hey chica!! Hope you had a great weekend!!!!
-hold you tight-
David, of your investors looking for Multi Tenant strip centers out west?
Off to Cabo! Back in 10 days!
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact
Do you partners tell you what you need or ask what you need and then work with you to provide it? (We do the latter, FYI.)
put a big red bow on one for me
It's really more of a casting chaise than a
Hey what's up with all of my new followers? Um... Ladies, Ladies... There's plenty of Alex for everyone...
I love going to sleep hungry. Not really. Am actually quite angry about it. But at least I know breakfast will soon come.
Nice job on the new website for The men's room!
heading out tonight with a local TNR person to help feed & hope to catch an injured kitty.
Hey tweeps, pray for my bro he isnt feeling the greatest. but he is such a great man of God.. he has taught me a lot!
sweet product - and congrats on the #sxsw nomination!
I've accepted an anchor position at KCPQ-Fox in my hometown of Seattle. Start there in Sept. Big thanks to all the fine people of Boston!
I got TMS!
Trying hard to resist AC for the first time this year. Hope two fans do the trick.
I want to assign some sisters to do it all because I trust they'd actually fulfill it. Tinsy smidgeon of how the Lord feels.
Sorry but why do the #brewers pitchers lose it and fast in 5th or 6th
Its a beautiful day. As if everyday we live isn't...
#tomorrowisapril already! 2nd quarter of 2012 is going to be awesome!
that's a pretty good lookin' salad... You might win a friend with that one!
Watching save by the bell on netflix. Lol lonely loner seems to free his mind at night .
RT : My old dime for a new broad, that's an ex-change.
#NoManShouldEver try to get with you when he has girlfriend
heading to for lunch today if you want to find out who I am. I'll be the one eating a really awesome sandwich!
about time too...but I hate that they cancelled ringer....IDIOTS
Sorry about bad produce 3 times. Email for quick resolution, 100% quality guarantee
Free app @ www.momswithapps.com Sound Shaker app! Cute preschool app. that is a sound making game...HURRY it is free for only FRIDAY!
I need somebody to text
tyga kills it
waiting 4 my pizza hut order !
ThAt AkWaRd MoMent When you don't have any friends and your teacher says "find a partner"......
Thanks. Just remembered to tell my mother not to call 10 times like usually does. :) good luck!
I miss my bf already ♥
Enjoying Health Care Assoc of Michigan and MCAL conference speaking opportunity this week. Good people and great mission
George Zimmerman x2019;s Bail Set at $150,000 in Trayvon Martin x2019;s Shooting George Zimmerman took the stand and told the parents of
RT if u oemeber there first blunt...
It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, but I'm holding you closer than most, cause you are my heaven :*
too far away
Love your show and you are just charming
that Mayan cappuccino has been in my dreams
Don't you love it?! Kind of amazing. "Aww, they photoshop'd a pic of Michelle Obama with natural hair."
One of my favorites. Undo Me is a classic.
Of all of Rome's emperors, who was the craziest?
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a Dr's office. Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
were twins im on my gimp swag too my knee is all fucked up i cant walk
continuing in messianic works.
What up twittah! It's been a month.
I dont eat the pussy..I go straight glutton and drink her dry!
HEY I'm so sober #20yearssober #KarebearKyle ;-)
u going to watch bro
I do!! I'm definitely enjoying it! Coming home to visit on Monday... Lil bro is turning 21 next week.
": Twitter is for-------------> YOUR OPINIONS YOUR VIEWS if you don't like mine...hit the unfollow button.....simple."
I'm screwed...
was LeBron talking trash to you?
probly i'll keep u informed
lets be basketballs wives, we can wear big earrings and throw drinks at each other.
We will be back at Jovita's this Friday night! Show starts at 10:30pm. Put on your dancing shoes and come on down!
Dear Indoor-come faster. Thanks, Me.
MT : this sequence makes my pt abt #musicindustry. jazz is black gift to world and its creators can't get airtime...
yes sounds god!
standford, Oregon one of the two!
OH MY!
lol, well i think it comes with a piece of something he wore, im not sure exactly though
Aw.... RT : You're learning from the best. Donna taught me, too.
I think hard.Whenever a professor hates my work,my brow will be furrowed&my mouth will be in a pessimistic frown.
Wife and I went to the Pec for the first time this past weekend. It's our new favorite bar! Great music. Great atmosphere.
everyone follow
Havin fun thi wish my rod was here
did u make g rosa?
Let ya in on a secret. I found an old temple in Holland & spray painted "#Royals 2012" on the front door. This is my fault.
Need to consult and #iPhone app developer
Only heard the preview 2 #turntoyou & almost cried! Just wait until I hear the full song! LOVE greatful to be a #Belieber <3
Can you help us find some corporate sponsors for our Walk to End Alzheimer's? Let us know if you have any connections!
Beautiful day. DH out on bike. I'm reading newspaper and see story about bicyclist being hit and killed. I should've gone out, too.
If someone can articulate a logical argument against legalizing gay marriage, I'd love to hear it.
Emilia and her fellow 6 & 7 year old like Katie Perry. A LOT.
Pictures of Skeeter's poss. little brother?
The unknown thing a new day will bring should be enough motivation to keep you awake
THANK YOU!!! Same page!
Thanks, we're excited, too!
He's a Mac guy.
Each day offers us the gift of being a special occasion. remember: as well as giving, it is blessed to receive with a grateful heart.
RT Delonte West is providing quite a spirited and energetic performance tonight. Gloria James MUST be in attendance!
understood. Kudos on the excellent work you've done to this point.
Go you!! I've been opting out since the first time I found one of those scanners.
huh , I got list with the numbers
Kiss it all better I'm not ready to go.
I want to move to LA after high school.
good luck and can't wait to hear all!
Goin to see the avengers :-) hope they don't have the AC on in there
someone is watching cnn?
I just got on a horse for the first time since I had a concussion a year ago. Kind of an allegory of my life
e van do to you
I prefer food where I know the source, best way to make an informed decision (not saying I agree with the article)
He's a blue chip athlete that closes quickly on the ball.. a 3-down LBer with gd knee bend,qk hands & feet. Good COD
have a great time at the Maxim party !
In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia. Unknown
RT : Today in CBB History: Notre Dame ends UCLA's record 88-game win streak in '74. ND scores last 12 pts of game for upset.
probably not
As for me, celeb apprentice is background noise as I finish up THE SUMERTON WOMEN.
I am Kanye East.
Big shout out to for all the Southern hospitality shown to us over the last few days filming with
but you dont have one
Hate this rain but at least it's not snowing like at WVU
With Chelsea's loss yesterday, the dream is nearly complete. They could be out of the CL next year & lose the final this year - perfection!
#Austin Latinos hug must of the time. Even more if we are drinking.
Thank you for your support!
blah this school.. only a week left.
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the fucken station right when u enter the car lmao!
ughh, you suck dude.
love life
Hi there! thnx for the follow! hope you're having a great week so far!
I was on the bus, it was quite thn heard a noise like a air-raid horn, then: "Warning! Warning! It is your wife." I was someones ringtone.
Hip hop will never be the same
M&A Tip of the Day-Will the cash flow of the business you want to buy, pay you a salary, an ROI and pay for the financing of the acquisition
hope you're feeling better soon!
And this somehow shocks you?
Thanks, my friend
need u 2 #RT for all of TEAMSHOCHEESE to tweet to play mixtape
I want that new Badger car now!!!
#fashionforpaws is better than old Lassie's Bday ... more toys, treats and....
Need new haters, the old ones are starting to like me
Finally digging into #designingForEmotion - - I have a strong affinity for AMC Pacers - so there!
Thanksgiving with Dillards tomorrow?
I'm so glad I bought a tablet before the start of "tablet wars" (between Apple, Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Samsung, Google, etc.)
#indieview, No. Because it's happened many times before in Pulitz history, I think it just boils down to human indecision.
What's the appropriate response when one learns that the cult leader who dominated one's teen years has a rapidly-growing brain tumor?
Great thing about productions. Lunch is on the budget! Great Gyros!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with a few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
sure sure
Here's to a week of late-night studying, exhaustion, and deprivation of sleep.
Thx for retweeting. Hope you're well!
thanks for following. Cool tunes!
LMAO!!! HELL YEA...": Nicki Minaj album... beez in the trash, b-beez in the trash."
Meaningful? Interesting. Responses and reactions (good or bad) have seemed unmistakingly meaningful to me.
my mom just threw me online haha luv her hate her
Omg can't wait to go #home and, #smoke a #ciggaret Cereal Bowles
Sorry, East LIBERTY library. Blush. I'm too darned excited about this.
SUPERDRAFT details TBD after the start date for football season is confirmed. Likely to be modified- big things are brewing. Stay tuned.
Amy! Check out the fashion beach - can't remember the name (begins with a "P") but Nammos is there - LOVE it!
yikes, which host are you using?
Romance advice from 1959: Alma: Takes only one sip of wine to tell if it's a good bottle Jan: It is a good bottle Alma: Then drink up! :)
Rumors are that Will Smith & Jada Pinkett are splitting up. They deny it. That usually means it will happen in about a month.
oh oh...anselm thinks the number of people in heaven will replace the number of fallen angels.
No school today <3
I'm over it all
“Diversity creates dimension in the world.” ― Elizabeth Ann Lawless
sure was, and I just lost that and Gisele being shown before Peyton.
does anyone know that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is changing playlists and removing the digital books? I am missing over 1700 files
yes it is!!!! Still have some in package!
#FOLLOW Me
Thanks for all the #FFs!
Finished my couch to 5K program today. Went 30 minutes without stopping. Not up to 5K yet;will see how long it takes this weekend.
That time I found out there's no such thing as a 'Hospitality Tent'.
Who steals a clock?
Anyone going to dinner after Blanton? We're meeting at the hotel lobby to decide...
And you! RT Llama llama duck and everyone else
It's been like that for 6 years, shouldn't expect anything different..
I am at, 8008 Slide Road Suite #1, Lubbock TX 79424. Stop by and lets discuss your commercial real estate needs today, buying or selling!
Finally the Giants defense is waking up. Go Giants
My city color purple
"Any Kind Of Guy has came on shuffle 3 times today..."
☼ All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from and to and why. James Thurber
That thing still has PCI! Abort mission!
Or, less paranoid interpretation might be, PBO's goal was/is avoid Depression while he's Prez....
And a Las Vegas judge. Just whoop up on Cotto for me RT: : Only God can judge me.
I really need a TRUE friend right now.. I'm all caught up in my emo and really can't deal.. I feel like driving down a mountain..
Happy Tuesday!! ;)
Thoughts after visiting the Grand Canyon... All Joshua trees look like they should have been aborted.
The 'new skills' are technical in nature. The 'new' soft skills (collaboration, critical thought, etc) are timeless and not new
Doesn't everyone? RT The videographer has a crush on you.
if you're a nonprofit, you can use Fleapay for donations for free.
Stop eating cheese and drinking good #craftbeer You'll get your fill next weekend in
Suddenly realized I was air guitaring to "Heaven Is a Place on Earth" as I pulled into work.
have you been practicing your MuseumExpo walk? It's coming up quickly!
This Indiana January weather is beautifully insane! Waiting for all hell to break lose one of these days
NICE! And no surprise, you know how to HBxHF. Hope we can link you in again on some international TV avails this season!
Its fine.
nice! let me know what you think of it as you get further!
Gorgeous day/week out!! Enjoying my Texas "winter" :)
Done for the dayy! Helloo weekend :)
Thx much! RT : Special #FF Shout outs to and and
happy birthday to You BOSSING.. wishing You good health and happiness.. keep up the good work :)) muuaah muaahh tsup tsup
“: WI had 8th most manufactrng jobs created since Jan 2011; 6th most manufacturing jobs since Jan 2012! And last in jobs overall
Let the winds blow outside. Warm up with new spring merchandise. Open Friday and Saturday 9:30 am to 6:00 pm.
What is your favorite German food?
sorry i didnt mean to unfollow you! i have following limit right now so i cant follow you back but i will soon! :)
The average women chooses beauty over brains because the average man can see better than he can think.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
A dream of mine becoming reality - 1st Annual WineSong event & benefit for children w/Cancer 12/09/11 in Spokane, WA Details coming soon..
DC: in 2005 wasn't Fenty sued by National City Bank for Unjust enrichment & breach of contract. SURE! Calling the kettle black!
Oh. I thought maybe she was on the baby thing again. Is she offering to buy this furniture?
I haven't been to the salon in forever but after the week I'm having with this hair, I'm done doing it myself. It takes to long!
Hot day in Chicago. I thought this was the north! Heading to Moody church to talk about revival in US.
That never gets old. 👌
Sprint of the Marathon- an amazing movie and a must see for all runners!!! LOVED it :)
Sitting in doc's waiting room getting dumber by the minute listening to "Moves like Jagger."
you creeper
It is at this time that he inflicts great suffering just as My precious Son endured during His passion on the cross.
thanks lady!
Why must i love someone so far from me? Gahhh i love me tard and love hearing his voice in the morning. 2 more months
Hey, want to be texting buddies? :)
XOXO!!!! Happy Valentines Day! Love, Newmatic
Enjoy! “: done! #FitFollow”
Felicity Malbec from on the way! Cheers
#ProudOf1D the boys did an amazing performance <3
pics or it didn't happen.
Have you tried our summer patio menu? Chef Robert doesn't disappoint. Come on down!
i followed...follow back :D ALOHA <3
Hope everyone had an amazing labor day weekend. If you have not had the chance visit our website www.gemcuisine.com
Question 7: Have you ever lied about how many people you have had sex with?
wish I was shopping with you!
Dear Mac Book Pro, at the end of making every movie-each book I have gets unstable-please stay alive and well until movie is Final-Thanks!
I agree. Stupid promo! Lol
they call me clutch
So i may be young but im ready...haha
Home and alone. Kitchen duties ahead. But first, martini and Nesbø
Thanks for the follow! Hope this means you support electing a mayor!
"We just got breakfast" ....it's 1o'clock lol
you guys have great music, keep it up
#iLikeWhenYou Show me that beautiful smile
Hottie Lamottie, with a swimmer's body..
Angel Pagan!!!!
thank you for link!
ok, just give me a minute. I need to run some errands
Why do we need ankles?
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd die.
would u catch a grenade for me
Mini invasion from DC in HI this week thx to APEC. My hooking up calendar may just pick up.
People wonder why in quite wen thier around , cus ny mom always said if u aint got none nice to say dont say nothing at all !
Once upon a time, I love this show!!
RT : RT : Thanks, Dana - great job. :) #bizmomsknow Youre welcome and thank you! It was a pleasure <=TY
If I go to the mall today do you want to come ? with edsta but I'm not sure yet if I can tho .
actually I think someone did haha
"In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these." ~ Paul Harvey RT
Hi Corey..thanks for the mention earlier. Are you having a good weekend?
“: Any fans out there that are as addicted to golf as I am?! Yes sir!!!
Heh, just putting out other potential meanings. Not sure about the logic of your tweet's conclusion.
Dang i'm so sore from saturday feels like my arms about to blow up haha
Come "like" Seattle Against Slavery's new Facebook page! Join the movement to end human trafficking one city at a time!
Making the executive decision to sleep instead of go to class
I'm 33 and life is awesome. Rats, does this mean it goes downhill?
amazing and well deserved!!
. is amazing! Go tough mudder!!!
Seriously contemplating a sled ride...anyone game?
TY!: Happy Thursday, Trelawny, and thanks for following! Looks like you're well on your way to great success...congrats!!
Just reminding everyone to go and vote for us to win $25,000 from Pepsi Refresh! Text "107350" to 73774 to help us win!
#BestWayToGetRidOfAGirl Give her a gift card. (This tweet may be sexist, but I would really like to buy some new clothes.)
Our next show, starting May 4th, will feature colorful paintings and infrared photography.
I can't find a reason to let go even though you've found a new love, & she's what your dreams are made of.
The opposite sex is the most dangerous and most addictive drug out there but the high is unlike anything else.
I love when Nick Offerman is on Childrens Hospital.
what do think of the Torres hit ya fuck?
You da man!
Did you know that National Painting Week started yesterday? painting is their top need, according to the 2012 Spring Home Improvement Survey
got da mic so i have to record now
"He may ride forever, 'neath the streets of Boston, he's the man who never returned" thanks for that pulse
both and then some!
I'm somehow just now listening to him for the first time!
What networks are you a part of? Why? Tell us with hashtag
Be back later!
trying to be all that we can be everyday and today we can be lazy
The gentleman uses learning to enable himself, the petty man uses learning as a bribe to win attention from others. Hsun Tzu
wish I could #follow back, #twitter is trying to #regulate and #control ... seems like
u said u was good for fri? but yea tomorrow
Not giving up anything for people who won't do the same back.
#thingsblackfolksscaredof Report Cards (Kids)
Good morning fellow twits. (; Here's a great #ff & new followers shoutout-
I love the New Mexico weather! (Usually ... not the piles of snow still in my yard :-)
Soo tired! Bluecats won the football game(: whoop whoop! 38-0(: so exhausted basketball tomarrow(: going to my dads tomarrow also(:
I miss my friends
im coming
On the train on my way to the Hamptons. My seat partner has an accent, is wearing cuff links and is reading a good book. #isthisheaven?
My love is bigger than a Cadillac, I tried to show ya but you drive me back
Trying to keep my head on straight today got a lot to work on.
A lot of fucking arguing and hating going on here tonight. Wassup wit dat????
We just killed our first snake of the year in the backyard tonight. Yikes! I'm TERRIFIED of those things!
Thanks, Thom! I am very excited. Early birthday present to self.
Getting a phone call from a happy, proud parent is stronger than caffeine as a great way to start the day
RT : RT : I don't think you realize that you could lose me.
oh cool even better save me the drive. Can't wait to see you live.
Been sick all weekend. This can't be life 😔
I'm not trying to sound like a badass or anything...but I take out my USB without removing it safely.
Nothing just upgraded to this android. Seeing what the pics look like
I live in the Batcave...that is to say, a combo of heavy rain & bad gutters makes a waterfall at my front door - FINE nature, I'll stay home
The Avengers midnight showing tickets acquired.
Happy 2 see Amanda Knox finally released! We lived in Perugia, Italy when this happened...knew she was innocent! #Amanda Knox
I have so much love for you guys. You guys are amazing! :)
/Thx for this. Definitely interesting.
hi ya! thanks to follow me :) what's your name?
Not an O'side native (not even a California native) but I live not far away in N. County.
You're welcome and no comment. :)
exactly!! :-) have a good one yourself!!
there is nothing wrong with planning for the future, but looking forward to your workshop & panel in Atlanta
Ben and Kate looked clever; but was not all that fond of The Mindy Project. According to Fox, the "buzz" has just begun. Where is it?
HELLO! So nice to make your acquaintance. I am a big fan of your latest work. Any chance of getting one for our office?
9. Guys with brown eyes 10. GUYS WHO WEAR SNAP BACK HATS <333
. most definitely include personal thoughts/feelings about prod, it's what moves it off the shelf
Be kind to yourself, love yourself, love others this is what is truly important in life the rest is just filler
Air this dude strait acting like a bitch
Beliebers turn to justin
I know it's spam, but I really want to click on this email from "Fried Chicken Survey."
Dead tried
327: Talked with a friend for the first time in months, & it was like no time had passed. I'm awfully grateful for friends like that.
People who stare <<<<<
": I love knowing that you're mine, no doubts or questions, all mine. And I'm all yours.♥"
What about a student Edcafe for year-end review? Too limiting? Not limiting enough?
"If you cannot posess joy in the poorest of states, you will not posess joy in the richest of states." ~ Elisha Hale
getting some recording done
follow True Magazine New Issue out! www.true-magazine.com
Sounds like your project will have some great visuals.
someone has to...
10% of men prefer the #iPad, rather than a girlfriend. Really?
Supposed to be 71 today, and I wore my big coat...😁😏
So excited that will be featured in the Chicago Tribune again this holiday season! Interview took place yesterday!
Things my phone can't do: Be used as a phone.
what is your favorite color
Much appreciated. Shoddy encoding, bit grainy. But worked like a charm. Client was happy. House sold. Done deal.
Revenge is sweeter than you ever were
thank you!
I just loved my delicious Maine lobster roll + the server was very nice. Keep coming back to our area pls!
I hope you brought extra cupcakes to the #StillStandingATL screening! Let's catch up after the show.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals. - Jim Rohn
And that was the highlight of my day 
1946, so perhaps a bit cleaner then. There's a washroom attendant anyway. Still, great depiction of a howl of despair.
you dont know you're beautiful
Kimmel: I know how Lincoln died: he had a vision of what the GOP would be like in 150 years and so he shot himself.
What the hell was I thinking back then?? It just some shit u ain't got no business doing..... Live and learn for real!!
Joyful Noise is one of my fav movies! #itsamazing You're my fav character on the movie. YOURE AN AMAZING SINGER! Please follow?
Real tree or fake tree??? *Danielle*
Happy Easter everyone!!!
I can be you hero baby, i can kiss the pain away.
“: loved the hotel yorba, have been humming white stripes ever since”Thanks! Yeah, I'm having the same problem!
If you knew all I think about you I demandarias for mental harassment
No guy should ever text "lolz"
Nice to have a break in the heat, makes it a great day to get a custom airbrush spray tan!
On break eating chocolate ice cream...
holy shit im always there its so scary!
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm going to turn into Lil Jon 2.0 and making a cd very similar to "Crunk Juice" Ice Cube will be on it.
I wonder if you miss me, like I miss you.
What are you wearing?
Good for you! I hope others will take the time to watch it too.
When tells you something that gets you all mad & then says "FALSE ALARM" #scary 😳
literally feel like my sinuses are going to explode
Making use of the free apps on the Apple appstore for #health apps, some really helpful ones on their
The chairman has announced the secret ingredient is PUMPKIN!
Not even Plastic Ono Band and Imagine? Both brilliant. How about Ringo's Sentimental Journey? Ha ha ha
Hands on the wheel..
That almost sounds like the starting line of a joke... :)
I take that back. Logging in now. What a day!
I finally got an apartment today. Halle-friggin-lujah.
Ýou'd think right? Practice splitting up, and they're all trying to f each other. Who comes out on top? Hint:not the patient
#chucknorris If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
Johnny Damon dropping in the lineup is the least surprising thing to happen since Kyrie won ROY about an hour ago
Do you want a 1D, ACM, or JB imagine? :) x
When is Sarah #Palin gonna run out of steam? her speeches are terrible, reading jokes from her blackberry, saying nothing interesting...
that's how I feel about Adam Levine. LOL
RT: Tomorrow night is our guest on #mediachat and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. Thursday at 10pm EST.
Major League is getting me ready for the upcoming Buccos campaign. Best season of the year
lol will do :)
I’m not waiting for a prince, I’m waiting for a guy who thinks I’m their princess.
It's always better when we're together.
I wish I had named my class 20 Sites to Organize Your Life. Because I have 20.
What recharges your theatre batteries?
will use Twitter in intro history class this semester -require an account--
at the library bein on twitter is weird lol im so used to my phone, i hate that my printer is broke lol
No timetable. He's not even throwing yet. RT : when is chacin expected back?
they should be safe
I am constantly asking myself that same question.
“: sorry but +1 for football > fashion even if he is a dallas cowboy” maybe in your world, toots.
Excuse us: Make that Villa Capri 2!
Ok thanks.
someone fall in love with me
SAVANNA'S TUMBLR IS KILLING ME THIS PICTURE OF GARRETT
You know he'd have something interesting to say. His career minus SVG would be totally different I'd think...
What would be a sick tour you guys could see us on?! Comment below! <3
see one of my fist interviews a few years back when i first started
well then hell yeah, I'm in. Unless you meant it to be a lady thing. Then I am still in, I'll just wear a costume.
Hours before I get on a plane for 1st time in 6 mos, Breaking News: Monkey Pox scare on a plane in Chicago. Oh boy! May I check in early?
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can’t change.
R u comparing Twitter to Google, or to G+? Twitter is nice for "here & now;" G+ great for its depth.
#whosgonnalose - Houston v Air Force - AFA will lose
My one regret in not becoming a librarian is that I cannot be a lesbrarian.
Breakfast=Green drink Early Lunch=Guacamole with celery sticks. Who needs chips? Celery works!
I want to do something, I just don't know what. :c
If his employees were all black, people would be claiming reverse discrimination.
Salted caramel flavor at Newbury BerryLine...awesome! Combine it with some cinnamon sugar pecans and wow.
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - Snake Bite
imagine what people went thru waiting on the iPhone!
just in time for my year anniversary in LA!!! We need to get the group together and celebrate life
Mexico - USA in the semifinal. It'll be brutal!
omg you di not just go there sista im mad at you now
Bugles and a banana... breakfast of champions. And pregnant people.
Fantastic tonight !! So great.....red piano and all!!
Oh mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law Lawman has put an end to my running and I'm so far from my home
My kid just killed it at his talent show. He def did the damn thing. totally scratched his routine & went freestyle
If you're tweeting about tonight's Candidates Arts Forum, the hashtag is #pdxartsForum - see you there!
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL and is done for the season and possibly his career.
thanks for the tweet love and never being boring. Let us know if you'd like some more posters.
I am so freaking excited for #downtonpbs tonight!
did you see crazy stupid love?
#Marlins have won 7 straight. I love baseball.
ima doing and i dont date briana i date this girl named shanley and wats to facebook name
keep your head up. you know you're great.
I feel ya. Tour can be heinous. Always eating at restaurants... bluuuugh. Bet you'll be glad to see a grocery store again.;)
Your locker in victorious should say #PutYourHeartsUp💗Do you watch #AmericasBestDanceCrew? Do you like 💗🎀
A good deal is a good deal only when its a deal for both parties.
yep. That, and sometimes there's a whistle.
Im going to say it nice Lol ....plz follow me♥ (:
I no I'm not the only one but after we fuck I play dead because I reached my goal so um u can leave now
Come back!!!! P.S. Miss you chickadee <3
I would so totally name a pet after him! Not even kidding! If I get two of like a rodent or something I'll name one Paul and
Heat Fans Always Diss Chris Bosh, But Your Star Misses 2 Crucial Free Throws, It's Gonna Be A Long Series!
Thanks 4 being the best hubby!! So blessed that God brought us together. I couldn't imagine sharing my life with anyone else! Xoxo
What's your viewpoint on contrails and chemtrails?
is school supposed to feel like a 6 hour prison...
RT : First time skipping class to go Figure Skating in Harlem charity event at Wollman rink right now!
whats up sir? Havent talked to you in a while. Rugby team still kicking ass and taking names?
RT : Co-ops and co-op orgs newly on twitter:
terrible win. Needed the nets W
sitting her think about her
Right on! Hit me up again
Man in the hat - Mac Miller
What about John Travolts?
we all know u one of the realest love ya hair damn n love witg ya fine ass
Looks like Abi is on her way...
I wish
. landed one in the breadbasket but put him down with a combination.
I'm dead serious
i thought you was comin back in spring so we could go to newyork?
what kind of parent lets their kids attend Ke$ha's "The Get $leazy Tour"??
Rough night Blodwyn is a hungover pig...
is good friend + good parent
Those NATO guys are going to be pissed when they figure out that Kumas can't actually cook a burger.
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was. Cats always: Are easier to train than children.
Looking forward to the keynote address by Diane Osgood, founder of Osgood Sustainability Consulting #women'sLeadershipConference2012
Cheering for a pre-season game is like rooting for your grocery list. Too soon to be getting excited about what you might make of it . . .
Love it when people make me radically rethink how I view things! Thanks More tonight at 7:30 Launer auditorium.
ice skating while its snowing
In honor of the NFL draft-- What University holds the streak for most consecutive years of a player being drafted in the first round?
Yeah, we gotta try it out, right?
Post Season...Confidence, toughness, execution all imperative this time of year...All teams compete hard in 1 and done setting, how ru diff?
How is chicken little a nfl analyst?
You're as fake as the Louis Vuitton purse you're wearing girl. Keep it moving.
hanging out with my bitch i mean angel:-P
adtr anounced a tour with rise against in like december and i saw them in january then a couple months they ancouned the tour again wtf
There's definitely room for improvement on it - should be an exciting project! I'll be following along
New goal before graduation: incite a riot by eating sauerkraut & curry simultaneously in a crowded lecture hall.
nothing beats a summer in chicago!!!! so i suppose i am a summer lover.
What is "Ground-truthing" ?
on overcoming obstacles: have #faith and just do what you gotta do.
Thanks for the much needed info RT : Charging my phone.
Why yes, I am dressed like a highlighter today. Isn't the real question why you aren't?
I got a trap bitch ~~~~~ Ana Strippa Hooe!!!
Keep your eye on the ball-Focus on direction.
WTF DUMB SUB DRIVER MISSED MY STOP. UGH. NOW I GOTTA WAIT!!!!!
Waiting on White House announcement for contraception rule.
oh my god she was amazing
so is John Mayer gay?
right now 40! filled up in 10 minutes. I'm going to see what the capacity is.
When you know something hurts someone...
Man too many people selling they jays online mine will never sell
Great thing! Good luck!
happy mothers day wish you many more great blessing and all the success for you and you loved ones
RT : Int'l panel recommends new model for #breastcancer care, 2.8M+ survivors living with chronic treatment effects...
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Subway subway subway whadddup.
Carlos Tevez is a dickhead
Corinthians 13 and Transformers 4 are both trending. Go Earth!
Volleyball game was awesome! But I walked there with my buddy Payton he is hilarious he tried hiding behind a pole!! FAIL! Got 2 luv Payton!
AND NY now has dolma... RIVER LIVING 43 CHURCH STREET ALEXANDRIA BAY NY 13607
Happy Bday to my all-time fav athlete! Love I got to grow up with the Goat!
Nugs need to start cheating like the Spurs.
It is unclear to me why Bristol Palin's opinion matters more than that of my uncle Beau's taxidermist Joe Bob.
new Deejay splash remixes comin soon - stay tuned to find out where to find 'em
we have tequila in plano
I know I live in Los Angeles where it almost never rains, but I really wish I had a pair of awesome rain boots.
bought to go get new glasses my bebe's broke l:
:) thanks I like urs too
buck what up boiiiii he will b @ perks 2marro showtime
Go joey.
#SOPA if everyone will #boycotthollywood by not buying any movies for 2 weeks then we would win this. Boycott Hollywood
Congratulations!! RT : Guess who just found out she's being awarded a K99/R00 Pathway to Independence Award from the NIH!? WooHoo!
Dat..Dar... Was the best turey burger in a Long time... think it was like 3 days. :)
in school? It's a wednesday
My birthday is in about a month. It will be weird being 23. What does being 23 feel like I wonder..
Hey guys, I know it's been a while but life's been busy. But don't worry, new things soon to come!!! Maybe some interviews and new reviews..
To my family upstairs shut the fuck up a nigga is tryin to sleep
I wish John Sterling would stop washing Getz' balls... We get it he made a great play
stow and go, bro!
#ItsFunnyHow you think i like you . . .
Follow and we could both win VIP tix and a backstage tour at Irving Plaza! #GreysonVIPinNYC This sounds fun =D! Good luck :)
where is my magical sleep potion?
I was born on mothers day. Never have to buy her a gift cause im awesome.
I hate it when I don't use enough hairspray and I get flyaways attacking my face and tickling.
Ok let's go to the Death Valley for the weekend. See u soon, are not...
In which i admit that i thought tommy shaw was at his prime in Damn Yankees. Karaoke brings out the most shameless in me.
my parents are moving to a town like 20 min from there 😳. Uhh wait! What r y'all doin here in Virginia?!?!?
"Deliver our core value. Don't get fancy." - Kevin Saghy on handling Twitter
Eat mineral rich food like pickles or canned fish.
If you want something bad enough, you will make it happen. Simple as that.
Scoreless through one inning. Pitching matchup: Kayla Negus (Milton) vs. Becca Armstrong (Monroe). Each has allowed one hit.
Throwing money in the air, like i don't really care
I think people always believe what they want to believe, don't you? - Lillian Hellman
Thought I had forgotten my phone at home and had a full-on panic moment. Related: I hate talking on the phone.
sweet. Have a good time there. Always nice to get away.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':13
REVIEW : Alera Fraze Executive High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
Honestly D.R.U.G.S. sucks. Not surprised 3 members left...
Yes, I think we are good to go
Some think staying on a diet is hard while traveling, not if you use DWL shakes and eat your meals every 3 1/2 hours.
Music can really bring the atmosphere of a party to life. Why not create a playlist ahead of time?
I just dislike the 2011/2012 comparison. 2011 was a pretty rare turnaround. It's like rolling a 12 and expecting to do it again.
#RIPJuniorSeau ... how sad.
Power steering pump burntout=no Arizona show for us tonight sorry guys :( we will be back in az on march 23rd at skrappy's in Tucson!!!
Made it in to San Diego finally. Not for Coachella. For fantastic lineup at the Museums and the Web conf.
That's why I had to stop voting a straight Republican ticket and renounce my Young Republican membership… Yes, I'm serious.
GOD DAMN #S\o to my new followers Sexy af
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
so who won the late game? I didn't watch.
takes on snowboarding in today's Tims Travels and he's a rookie - so make sure to tune in to
SEO Company, RevBuilders Marketing Signs All Natural Beauty Company
Great to connect with ! Bringing smart #international students to the U.S is a national security and diplomacy issue!
Dreads Hang In My Face...#ToHideMyPain!
Eating a delicious dinner made my my mom mm
an email Being passed around about it. But instead, there is nothing happening, I've searched. Kony is still chilling in
Congrats Concord on the win tonight. Kids had fun protesting corporate personhood too.
rochester tweeps Should I have a cocktail tonight or be good?
is sneezing coughin and in pain!
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well. Abraham Lincoln
yeah probably
I get so confused sometimes when i watch That 70's Show.
er .. why yes dear!!! you can acompany me so's i dont fall of my shoes .. cuz we all know i do it haha
Bilaterality exercises thru Metro-Math; VT exercises coming out soon.....
And I'm pissed about ADTR not going
At the same time, the internal sphincter of the urinary bladder is closed, thereby preventing retrograde passage of the ...
Ya boy R'ra is in da house
there is no twitter war like a / Fact.
My school district is cutting 10-15 Media Specialists.That means no elementary school will have a FT school Librarian
that was all you. We were just along for the ride.
haha thank you! Pretty sure I got a pity pass... But it's a pass nonetheless.
I'm glad the rain held off to show off san diego on veterans day as we host the historic carrier classic on national tv
Sam no Sam!
We are off to for a fun filled day at the water park! We've heard all good things! :) Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
In other news this back of the van seating sucks
Yes, it does
haha good day
Sweet, can't wait! My husband and I love the show, y'all are hilarious!
Kick is good. UM 17-9. Kudos Michigan D.
Lol Jody said I do people wrong .
At the table read for Trapped!@
yeah, WOW.
