Happy birthday to GJ Browns Baseball "A Division of Denver Browns Baseball" player Easton Metcalf
Like a little work-cation...
this is niggas in Paris live in Paris.. Graduations come and go, this is some #YOLO 💩❕lol
Every monster, no matter gay, straight. bi, lesbian. transgendered, fat, tall, short or skinny, makes up this huge family
Is better to visit you at night or during the day??
- your not even fat 😳
the austin mahone videos.
I know. It's unprecedented.
This bitch talking in the hallway sounds like Kermit the frog
lol..u rape?
The days go by, we arguin all the time. I wanna make it right, cause that was last night. Its like we in a love game.
Just saw a bunch of new hotties following the page ... dang girls, you look GOOD! <3
Thx for the follow!
Heat Win!!! #HEATNATION .
Oh, just a tad
MAKE IT HAPPEN
Must be nice to be 1st class! They move fast as idk what
Might actually hit 100 followers today! Hooray! Can you help a Canadian out with a re-tweet and a follow...
Big thannngggsssss in the works
Don't forget your furry friend this valentine's- peanut butter dog gelato available
ughh, you're a horrible child -.-
Merci Mademoiselle belle... And we had a blast!! Yes we did!!
god luck girlfriend :) hehe love you!
Thank you Jesus for the peace you have given me :)
So many athletes this week tore their ACLs.. hope they all can have a speedy recovery
Way to burst my bubble, Olivia. :'(
Suck it #Yuni haters!
shared and at a work shop. i think peoples heads exploded from the amazing amount of resources.
ah third wheeling ð
(cont) Wish I could be like and claim that I was focusing more on writing than Twitter, but that sadly is not the case.
Just wanted to say, I love your blog! I always forget to take pics of my fave dishes for mine! P.S. Center Stage is awesome.
Young man, let me explain something to you: Every shot in a picture is the most important shot in a picture - Ernst Lubitsch
#insomnia. *sigh*
ALL MY MILWAUKEE FOLLOWERS TUNE IN TO TODAY TO HEAR MAKE THEIR DEBUT ON THE RADIO #414 -- Villi's Yandy ()
Thanks again for having us last night. Roger Creager was awesome-- such a pleasure to share the stage :)
I appealed the "real market value" on my real estate taxes today. I will get the results in 10 days.
Reunited with and and it feels so good!'
well actually she does because were her elephants
you would be mistaken the one time I tune into the food network
#thevow was the GREATEST movie ever!!!
Can we please stop calling Gallardo the Brewer "ace" now? Head-case.
Tonight! Living room lounge! 446 w Virginia rd crystal lake il. 21+ enter and drink !! Two rooms! Tropical and karaoke! 9pm-2am
No, YOU'RE tha bomb dot com!
I missed Killer THATCamp Brownies on Sunday? D'oh!!!
fantasia nor beyonce never coming on ur show
what a chump! MT “: Magic coach Van Gundy told reporters that he knows star center asked team mngmnt 2 fire him.”
World re-known aerial photographer jay miller to speak at the museum on sat. March 3. Come see his amazing work!
Party looked great and cheers to future successes. Next year you can send me an invite via twitter.
El Cajon council hearing from 18 speakers, many of whom are jockeying for the position of recently resigned councilwoman Jillian Hanson-Cox
sy hersh on cyber war and Randy on the exercise bike this am... world's greatest day unfolding
lol! Why I gotta be a loser??
Softball later, then getting to see oomf:)
Dear media, pinning a classmate down and forcibly cutting his hair is not a "prank." It's bullying and assault. Start describing it as such.
that's a good question! Haha Ohh! I got it at Sophia's in greenwood. Is that where you got yours ??
my plans for tonight >>> i should fall asleep with ease
I thought he already was a divorce lawyer. RT What would happen if Cupid became a divorce lawyer
I need to go take my suburban. Lol
I know Dude
Hope everyone is ok
planet forest
I think put something in my drink
2 shots of bourbon do not = one hat
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt."
lmao wat happened y u downtown??? Thought u was on Cleveland ave today
#aam2012 I hope I can find the NEMA reception
good job....love the originals
For some reason, my humpback whale Wednesday afternoon is going very, very slowly.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 361
i have successfully snuck out of my house without my parents even catching me lol
Come celebrate Cinco De Mayo at the Hustler Club tonight! Enjoy discount Tequila Shots! Half Price Patron Bottles, $5 Corona Bottles,...
A clever look into what conversations must be had between conservative news moguls and their show hosts.
i will love you till the ends of the earth..until time stops, and until i die. I LOVE YOU CODY!
do you remeber that guy that was dancing at warped tour?!?!
If Teague gets stripped one more time I'm gonna lose it
lol you a slut
Your dress is too short stop
A new trend is popping up... drunk online shopping! What have you purchased online under the influence? Pithy comments shared live at 8!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what do your tattoos mean?" "are you okay?" "what's wrong?"
and that's the damn truth! Sad but true...
Home maint, lawn care-When my future husband helps me with these things he will never be taken for granted after doing it on my own so long!
it just came out how about walgreens?walmart?
People just get ALL KINDS of ignorant when the weather gets nice ..
Will bust out Rick Pitino's Colonel Sanders suit for white out?
Can anyone do me a favor and click the Twitter Link on my Youtube channel?
Today was my last day at work. Going to miss my Bellevue peoples!
whats your favorite place to shop online?
Saw Sylvie Guillem dance yesterday night. Still in awe.
yea husband said pd in front of market by 7/11 and culver at deerfield apt's and walking trail they are all over that place
Can't wait Till my birthday
serious question cause I don't remember: did Cal put any restrictions on Stacey Poole?
Somebody on the Spurs getting dunk on tonight I can feel it LOL
#YOLO People are just now realizing this? Smh...
u look like ur picking ur nose in this picture, no offense man
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
Suffering from app overload. I just want one app to do ALL the things...
I had forgotten about this fight. Great illustration of not giving up. (I wish boxing was interesting again!)
he said male attention.
why not???
thanks home slice
that's a kool tag but are u still part of 4e
Oh yeah, i totally forgot.. #HappyCincoDeMayo my fellow people with Mexican blood in them! Haha <3
ONE OF MY IDOLS WILL BE AT MY SCHOOL DOING A WEEK LONG RESIDENCY NEXT WEEK. KAFKLDHGKDHGJHAKJGHDJHFDJHFDSFHD**(*%^$##$%). AH!!!!!!
Edelweiss and I didnt see you? I work for that company
Join us for networking and cocktails on tue, nov 1 from 6-9p at Carlyle at the palace. No fee to attend, cash bar. C U there! Please RT
Excited to watch my sunday night shows! Having some quality "rachael" time! lol
Once again adopting the Nat Papovich school of system administration: A red background on remote desktop means don't f*ck up.
The key to success in selling is for you to start a little earlier,work a little harder, & stay a little later.
We want to support you being a parent to your child, not to their autism.
It's going to be an amazing weekend!
"You have to remind yourself that sometimes great things fall apart so that better things can fall together."
Bout to walk to deh store for some honey roasted cashews. I really gon take this 15 minute walk. Ok here we go.
Why everyone should watch at GT! RT : Only today all day 1/2 off oyster at GT, and you can watch the super bowl.
average size of a corporate social media team is 11 says
aw wish I was an angel but that's gotta be and ;) ..you are more sweeter than me, end off girl!♥
I could play poker all day long lol
Koolin bout to roll up!!
what's going on man... Let's connect before or after the new year. Whatever you schedule permits... Happy holiday
Miller says he's biased, but Tannehill is better than RG3.
. Is there a write up for this somewhere, David? By the way--Hey. . .how are you?
oh u mean like when we all pose for each month
Hi kirsten!
Aww cheer up homie.. ": I been n a shity mood all morning"
still sore bro, i messed it up pretty good. Hoping i only miss this week
youll never believe what happened last saturday.
If you could sleep with any Baldwin which one would you choose?
Shout out to Moms who drink and swear if you haven't read these two ladies stuff you are missing out. Always will put a smile on your face!
Awesome photo, sir!
Local businesses! If ur interested in participating in Half-Off MKE (like )->DM me!
Wonder if September will be the month that interest rates will finally take off? Hmm.......
In that dancing mod (:
6th grade advisory club sign up was a success today! Now on to 7th grade tomorrow! I love it when people just pitch in to help out!
w00t w00t :) Looking forward to interesting conversations online and offline
oh and I showed up at a client appreciation day at a local lumber yard a day late. umm. Spring?
Check out the last story link, It will take you to a gallery of nothin' but Impregnation smut (who knew, right?)
#SinceImBeingHonest. I farted
": #Brewers to sign SS Alex Gonzalez. #MLB"
I always miss your tweets </3 I'm on vacation in florida(:
Pizza and twerkin? Sure let's get butt fucked with our clothes on while eating pizza..
Volleyball at fat daddy's tonight
Can I just work as a blogger for the rest of my life, instead of going to grad school? *Pouts*
RT : working on a holiday is like attacking in the feed zone, but whatever, I'm not too proud.
RT : Never knew you would get thrown out of a game for throwing a home run ball back on the field
oh me me me!
Wish I could've spent today with my milf of a mother! 🔥👩
I'm back!!! and someone unfollowed me. lol
got a membership with today! It was my first day back to the gym in a while...it was a tough workout but rewarding!
I left my glasses in my glasses case in my tennis bag at school
Home. Task list. Home. Task list. I need sleeps. :(
Q. How do you make Wolverine cookies? A. Put them in a big bowl and beat them for three hours. [RT if you agree!]
Sometimes the one you want is actually the one you’re best without......---
love that my theatrical and web-design lives combine to make one talented, musical web-orgy. HI GEORGIA!! xoxo
Thanks to Janeane Garofalo & for making our show such an insanely fun time!
We are giving away #chiropractic #evaluations this weekend in #PDX! Come see us at the Shamrock Run #Sunday next to the OHSU booth!
gonna see how u sling tomorrow bring ur A game!
Damn dog mad respect , I saw your tag at the Chuck E Cheeses restroom!
thanks for retweeting the survey! I'd be happy to share the results with you if you are interested.
Good. Now leave Stick ..I mean Tyga alone, lol
THAT IS AMAZING
Excited about the long weekend. #wicked #kathygriffin and more!
You know that moment when you look at someone an you think try are trailer trash and then they are. Yep that's what's going on
Appreciate the follow and glad to be following you back. Happy Easter!
nice work! Everyone okay?
Remind me again where you're fave place in DC is to get them?
Right there with you guys!
Thanks so much for the incredibly helpful talk this morning ! You're my SEO guru!
best kind of gum: mint or fruit-flavored?
u r amazing please follow :)
Faithfully hitting niggas with the 90 day rule. Not giving a fuck B..
. "These a**holes always get away" doesn't mean "ppl who wear hoodies." Means "f'ing coons." Killer used THOSE words
#teacherappreciationweek. #socal couldn't be more honored to work with you as we empower our students and make LA better
The poorest of the #poor on the earth... are children. ~Mama maggie #Mvt121 VP Tony Chen
my dick hard ass fuck
Also, it's "knives". Glad I could be a part of this!
CONTEST!: Submit your short script or ideas to CrazySOBs-let the community “vote the best ones up”-WE then pick the best and produce them!
It's no secret that BVLGARI makes the most exquisite perfumes...pour Femme is no exception, I'm in a trance from the samples
Hating that I'm like the only single person out of all my friends.
Do you know when it comes back on?
: Ah-hah! Well, that certainly works in the "other" category. Just make sure it's fully edited and looks professional.
My phone just fell off the car and landed on the driveway 😲 scratched the sides of my phone!
Who's going to Austin's concert June 22nd?! :)
; Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
2013 #MarchMadness, lookout for the red & black!
Brilliant idea. Have fun!
Lovin' life: I am work in the office and Jeannine is out with an awesome buyer, looking a homes @ $400K. We love what we do!
RT : Okay seriously, what does everyone want from Santa this year?
Thanks for coming to Portland!
come pick me up :D
check your email woman!
Oh!! Happy Birthday love! Now you can buy your own shit! Lol
I just checked in at Olin Hall (601 E Main St, Collegeville) on
Wow, Freddy Adu booked for diving. Second yellow.
and then there's the obsessive qualifying of the antecedents of "which" in relative clauses, which obsession is like candy to me
too bad. i already called loving him more than u. sucker
whu u wit
lol! That beat wnt wit Shaq rap cause they both were horrible. Lol
lmao same! those movies always get to me!
thank you! It was great event and so fun to attend Opening Night with
Thanks Gwyn! How are you these days?
a man n d nail shop had wedges on & my 5 yr old girl said to him i didnt know a man could wear those shoes someone said baby u live in
Thanks! I'm completely obsessed with Capoeira! So beautiful. I use to take it as an elective in middle school :)
m...triple chocolate cake and some milk bonus: the cake tastes better today than it did yesterday
M, give me juicy pork over “shoe leather” pork any day of the week!
#goal 20lbs more!! RT 80% of All Crossfitters (Both Men and Women) can Clean & Jerk over 135 lbs.
Hi Guys!
ireally do have the best gf on the planet.
Shout out to all wrestlers follow
The survey says.... IT'S A GIRL!
Do not allow method or process to halt solution.. If its not immoral or illegaly we can use your process to
Going with my brother to get lunch, because he's hungry & I'm bored.
Presenter: Don't ask for $. better way to engage people is ask "do you see yourself getting involved in any way."
Only 1 spot left for ride to TART judging.
Professional boxers will fight in Rio, says AIBA chief | Mex Report
did lazy Dave start his twitter account??
In Mississippi Heading to Louisiana...
Happy Birthday (: Hope you have a great day!!!(:
thx! I tried to make each one different this time!
no I'm saying I have been in the mood, haven't been I so long.
welcome too twit world ;)
haha...all good Bond man. You'll pick it up quick and be rolling in no time.
MAKING A FEW BEATS
Michael Bourne obv
QT : Time for a change( I agree!
NATO needs to GTF out of Chicago 😳
If you don't appreciate her, you'll soon lose her to someone who will..
thanks for your talk at LA Ruby conf on sustainable productivity with rails. One of the best talks I've seen!
Hahaha I heard about this story, she did have some sort of chicken wrap!
whats the point...winner could get a team of Bama's punters and kickers and still get blown out
Enough already .... Time to get off the stage. Nobody wants a candidate that likes to hear himself talk.
shout out to the homeowners, girl who got diplomas and enough money to loan us - should we ever need it
I am feeling ridiculously organized today...almost like I'm Wonder Woman or something..
I have no clue lol
And that tour yesterday was enough to make me loathe him all over again.
We just started using Twitter! Let's hope that we can help each other this year!
Alright Chase, I'll help you with your French!
U should call me.
True, I mainly just tweet about sports, or my (Nobody cares what I'm thinking, thoughts)!!
#InstantTurnOff: Guys whose heads are bigger than their dicks.
This saturday im bout to be at bikestyles jus chillin b4 the show, come on up from like 2-5
I'm sure my tuba will cure all
you're my 3,800th tweet! Happy birthday!
I want to go to the UK!! someone take me there ;)
Oh, that was you going 85 in a 55...I see how you are ;) RT : passed you on 65. Giving bayette a hard time.
Definitely- marianna is helping to coordinate a lunch for next tues!
its so nice out! hm, this makes choosing a happy hour spot tough thoughts?
haha it's cool. And nice
Confessions of a Political Junkie: It's never too early to start a campaign.
are you awake, girl? Ck your FB messages. ;)
Cortland, NY just became a summer destination.
I want to shinedown yea it was good
Hey zesky, you know html?
#RangersFC absolutely shredding the #CelticFC D. It what should happen, however, when the other team's down to 9 men.
It's fine by me, if you never leave <3
I'll tell him! He's much better at sticking to the list than I am. He's been known to call me from the aisle so he gets the rt stuff
Nobody's perfect. 🎶
Just shot a 30 sec spot for Member One Credit Union.
Me too, its a huge ecological disaster in the making. As a Brit, I apologize for BP. No new offshore drilling!!
Already there. Can't wait.
Loved that song but what has really been accomplished with autotune after that? How many thoughts can an autobrain think?
I am my own street team Dx10 out here getting it in ya ming
Oh, you're wearing a Knicks jersey at a game? Tell me all about the borough you grew up in.
Aftershock -- anyone else?
You've got a big game on Saturday! Wabash did the Scots a favor tonight. History repeats itself over and over in the NCAC!
Word! RT : Big thanks to for doing so much to advance the web series space.
my pleasure!
The triumphant return of the Friday afternoon trio improv session - fantastic way to end the week.
"The poor" decide to be poor because living in a dangerous project with a flat screen bought by welfare loot is a really enticing lifestyle.
Killer Queen playing on repeater in my car. Can't seem to get past that song ~ it makes me so happy.
Having fun hangin w/ and
Reality is an illusion caused by the lack of alcohol.
Thanks for the support everybody! We had a great time in Santa Fe last night. TGIF!
Thanks for the tweet Les...looking forward to seeing you at NSA-AZ on April 21st!
I was "stoned" to death.
We've had such beautiful weather this week! What's your favorite way to greet (early)Spring warmth?
RT : - what's your art museum? #artmuseumday ... tell us you're coming! | We love them all!
happy mother's Day to YOU!
Yeah, just a couple of years after my boy Micah Bowie.
It's sort of like a puzzle box. And more authentic looking than anything I've seen. Headed back toward the temple after that.
no 3. I did OT tho. He is doing great. Money well spent
Obama's "Volt economy" only barely subsists with massive federal subsidies and power. A very dangerous illusion.
Making sure computer/projector set-up works for #t2social today.
A rainy day in LA, the Smiths, & coffee.
we're making duck confit poutine here using your legs. Good stuff!
Ur my bestfriend why wouldnt I tell u if I was mad at u
so you write records...who do u work with
"Uh oh," -- the Staples Center employee who does a great Bieber impersonation
Don't let your emotions overpower your intelligence. -T.I. Slide Show
The only real things in my life are my son and two dogs.
the trash of western culture has never been so tastefully arranged.
merry christmas, happy holidays - *NSYNC
From my window: A police helicopter illuminates every letter of the Hollywood sign. For fact or fiction?
Update: ER and chemotherapy services reopen at GRMC
TODAY is a good day to join for "7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer" at 12 noon ET. Call 712-775-7000/966637.
Outstanding! However, $ ends but impressions last forever; therefore, we need human capital in abundance @ elementary
High winds but at least the sun is out!
so why'd you call me a slut?
Man Ma Dude Would B Spoiled Juss Like Ma Daughter Lol. . But Hiss Ass Betta Be Spoilin Me 2 : )
Waiting for txt
Time to show Fishers what we're made of.
you deserve it! #ileadu inspiration
Enjoying a lovely afternoon in my quiet backyard before the mosquitoes are back in full force and humidity saps the life out of everyone.
Women are more moral than men, survey says Women are more moral than men, with those over 30 years old having the strongest values, a sur
let's get some tweets going in here!! :)
Thank you Joe. For being a respectful #RedSox fan.
My lunch
why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
was up for a challange tonight
Now that I have seen a wild alligator, I feel that the Florida experience is complete.
fish and chips looked delicious!
thanks lady! I traded my martini for a good ol' fashioned beer :)
Too close for missiles, I'm switching to guns.
nope. QT : Is Marc's still hiring ?
YES! FINALLY SOME LIFE FROM SAN FRAN!!! GO NINERS!!!
im good just very ho Ny is hot today
A shout out to Jimmy @ SickBoys..VERY COOL PLACE! And another shout out to Bill @ TzMR..thanks for having us be a part of the benefit tour!
hey what are you doing tn ?
I woke up crying today, and cried off and on all day.. For NO REASON!
SYMX is almost trending on twitter
The honor is all mine!
#20ThingsAboutMe 15. I usually become friends with outcasts or people that are bullied.
No more smoking at Chalco.
I can't seem to understand the rationale for ASD as a diagnosis instead of differentiating among the disorders. Autism and AS are different
RT SUPER BO!x B!TCHES R U$....X
come up here and we can run together in this cold snowy weather :)
I am so excited omg! I should also start packing, lolz
so far so good -- i will be part-time for a few months, so that makes the transition much easier :)
wicked cool!
I sat on the floor and played with my dog-he loved it, had dinner with my family, watched with my wife
Good morning! Don't forget to download "Roller Coaster" by on iTunes. Have a great day everyone!
My lil cousin wants me to visit her in Dallas sounds like a cool lil trip
Great opening for Imprint last night! Thanks to all who made it out!
You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again. - Bonnie Prudden
yes sir, its an great thing Jesus did for us, and God for sacrificing his only son
- No matter how involved you are in the policy/political conversations, you need to get more involved.
okay he good
#guilty alsoRT : Anyone else scroll through their timeline every morning like its the newspaper?
Great sponsor luncheon for #RFTCLA today. $425000 in sponsorship! Yay! Let's find a cure!
I know its not gonna happen with us, but i love the way we flirt with each other <3
My daily entertainment is watching kids stretching in P.E.
Just found a bug on Fedora 14 PackageKit-Command-not-found. Attempting to reproduce it.
Very tempted to flee NYC and report on gay Nightlife in Albany. Whatcha think, & ?
Are there any brides that would like a table to our #weddingmixer? Email
got it! Thanks a million
I think I got darker..
- you're welcome! We appreciate your support. Enjoy.
Rouses Point: Last Stop in the US.
"Go on this site to study for the AP test. I don't think it's totally legal, but.." omg, bio teacher is a boss.
Had a good time with and at the round table event last night. Lots of bright students and great ideas!
we are just addicted to twitter like a fat kid is to a fat cake
Woo hoo!!! “: Have you purchased your ticket for the "The Drive" performance on March 24th? We have!”
omgh I love that show
Why does everyone think that Directv is dropping VS. DTV is trying to protect customer rates by not paying ridiculous cost VS is charging.
Life look dull thru your window? Time to make it vibrant again! Clean outside windows & screens as low as $70. vegaspressurewashing.com
ok so no other team offered him anything shouldn't that be a sign to him?
and so that "constitutes " borrowing from China for war? You don't think Republicans use planned parenthood?
seriously how does one small animal snore so loudly
This Saturday buy Local Bazaar 10am-4pm 1025 N Broadway MSOE Student Life and Campus Center
Hahaha, im sorry! (:
imma make all the pain go away:)
First tweet
Hey You should follow ! We love you.
does that mean frog and firkin? Then yes :)
Haha, aww! Junior year is almost over though! You've held out this long. This is the home stretch! Haha, I really love DA.
That you for the site Mesothelioma
That's a good rule of thumb!
Question: How come there aren't any good female pick-up lines?... Answer: Cuz they're ALREADY fu@%in' with ya~ !!
just trying to make it through this week
Now I'll have to go Jazz Fest. Don't want to miss the chance to see you live! Can't wait!
Will or be the first to send a picture of themselves holding twine?
": RT #WaysToGetWomenMad just live your everyday life..they'll find sumthin to get mad at..it never fails lol"
This is going to get intense!
THIS Thursday is our monthly meet and greet at Vinoteca, 5-7pm. New and old members are welcome. Come have a glass with us!
is working from home today on finding sponsors for a moment in history that will be like NO other....
TD Gugger says his ads are the prime source for his recruits. Plug his email in to see all the (free) places he posts jobs.
Next show is June 30th, but what if we say we make it the craziest show we have ever played
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! To all the wonderful, hard working, devoted, & loving mothers! God bless ea of u, ur family & ur family's relationships
Leave it to to bring pure swag and killer food to an evening.
for sure thats a great idea you cant go wrong with ball powder
This history class is going by SO slow!
I could totally go for some calamari right now and my bed
Just arrived in California... getting excited for Renaissance Weekend and SoCap!
Soaking up history and wisdom from Vint Cerf (he's still wearing a 3 piece suit, the rebel)
competitions with myself to see how fast i can down a salad from chop't. 5 minutes. record. fucking salad.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
MISERY MONDAY <SINGLE>
Power outage on West End; Duke St. corridor w/out power/traffic lights. Motorists should avoid area.
Alright. So down. Not even kidding
yeah I go there, that school Is probably a ghosttown now lol...you back at whole foods?
go head and take off without me im n da burg bruh..had to wait for ups n shit
Same to you! Enjoy the day!! RT : Happy #Thanksgiving twitter family!!
Can't believe I'm having 2 wear a down vest & scarf over my sweater to walk Mortimer tonight! Gr8 sky tho! #love autumn!
Hi ! Could you email me at ? I am in need of some political insight for a story I'm working on.
FYI: You do not need a table to sell or trade zines at the Portland Zine Symposium. Swapping zines out of backpacks is strongly encouraged!
Feeling good about having created another min-money site. Now, if only the bucks start rolling in ()grin!).
if we was gonna go out, it would be with a K
Whenever a bird shits on my bike, I eat a plate of scrambled eggs on my front porch just to let them know what I'm capable of.
"Going physco! Head first in pussy"!
*blank stare*
WOW! Google now has search-by-image! Drop an image, Google scans it and decides the topic or location is & gives results. Incredible
sadly yes. A couple classes for my major were offered online at UK so I figured Id just get it out of the way. We gota chill man
Does LIL' KIM put on a good show? I kind of wrote her off a decade ago. I should revisit, I suppose.
yo dawg. when you gonna tweet? ; P hope the semesters going well.
we're just at the what-xtra-software-do-we-need phase for FB opac, haven't seen it live yet.
I've been watching cartoons all day cause dammit, thats what you do on Saturdays!!
Boom! If you guys want to get robbed by a smoking hot hooker can make it happen.
I know! I would clutch my head and scream in existential horror for half that!
Dafnis Prieto is a "Macarthur 'Genius' Grant" award winner. Tell us, what do you think qualifies as 'genius' in jazz?
Anyone get a chance to learn about today?
So why is he moving for a little bit , is it just for the summer ?
Too bad you don't run TMobile. They could use you!
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever know the truth
If you find yourself following a church leader closer than you follow Jesus, it's idolatry. Check yourself!
My smartphone isn't really that smart, it just takes directions relatively well. And it's obstinate.
Till he returns, or calls me home...here in the power of Christ I stand
Cheat on me by accident I will leave u on purpose..
1 week of J Lo's salary on Idol would pay for all the homecoming
Thanks long lost big sister :)
RT : Duncan said "hold ma dick"... haha
I can understand that .
Do you know why New Yorkers are always so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is in New Jersey.
man.....u lucky I did it
love is not something you have to win, but something you have to feel like crazy!! <3
Enjoy the game!
Good Morning People, On my mind: Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness.
#Blackfriday is a great opportunity to get that family entrepreneur a custom website :^)
Omg Taylor swift I love you!!! :D yayyyyy
Back from another great Combine. Productive meetings, & so proud of clients Chris Polk & Chris Owusu. Both helped themselves a lot.
Perhaps we should open a bar called "The Cursing Cat."
so who is your team? mine is the hawks
I'm an unapologetic Drupal advocate, but I'm unsure how mature the Alfresco+Drupal integration is at this point.
My thighs are seriously getting on my fucking nerves right now.
": #omw Back to the Dot!! Had an amazing time with #Haroun #Slim, And the girls LOOOL" You know, You know
Happy Birthday ! (:
jealous! have fun!
My boys pullin through late in the 4th! 2nd championship, here we go.
When you look at me you see a happy 12 year old girl, but when you get to know me you realize im not that girl, My Life Sux.
That was awesome
where the water bottles n towels for you to hand out to the real players
Today wasn't what I thought it was,, but shid ders still tomorrow
Following back just tweet me. :)
You are too kind!
No, Sadly :( We are still trying to get it though! We'll keep you guys posted and we will post the video as soon as we do it!
ahmen to that brother man
Had a lovely time at Miller Park with tonight. Too bad the crew couldn't pull off a win.
straight chilling
Good night!
I'm gonna be nice to my mom today
so good to hear! Chef Ben really knows what he's doing.
ugh. suckky night.
When you accidentally flash someone, never say you're sorry, say "you're welcome" ;)
really sucker,make me put a hit out on u
i would like it. I still don't know what I am doing but I am trying. Lol
Has been a challenging day. Def ready for bed tonight.
- you're welcome!
Aw, awesome! Thank you!! Be sure to sign up and get a free download! My gift to you. :)
OK TWEETS, back to my NETFLIX horror/thriller fest...lol
haha no i mean Austin,tx
Also, smtimes I reply to craptastic HuffPo headlines w snark. I'm sure this will get me in trouble when I'm famous, so I'll just stop now.
RT : Yeah, quitters never win but they also don't feel like assholes for trying SO HARD and still not winning.
Pretty awesome. The sunset will definitely miss you.
the mark of the beast?
Hopefully they use their app for the celebration pics.
Totally. What things are you getting ?
LeBron not taking the last shot is like Josh Hamilton calling for a pinch hitter in the bottom of the 9th in a tie game
DAMN. SOMEONE STOLE YOUR PHONE..?? #Wtf Not Cool
Off to church
I hate sand.
#DBHH Finest Follow Network Today!
i gotta do whats best or me (:
Marvel&#39;s The Avengers Assembles in IMAX® Theatres in North America Starting Friday
This dude on xbox has me rolling 😂
RT Is this America ? A teabagging nudist who cheered shoving a curling iron into opponent's butt just won big.
Retweet if you think relationships these days are a JOKE. It's like April 1st all year long.
it was an email interview, and I didn't ask that. sorry, my bust
I get confused when people I don't know at all follow me on Twitter. Go for it, but I'm still confused.
It's not bad. I just don't want to smell like a dude
same here, but too lazy to go through my list lol
You can't measure love, it has no start, it has no end
If your firm or organization has a job opening in Print #Production, a SUPER talented friend of MacMedics is available for new challenges.
lol you shouldve seen mine sunday
Feb 15: the day those god-awful Pandora bracelets vanish from my tv (until Xmas)
Im pretty sure everyone here knows that the only reason you have anything against Trespassing is because you're jealous. Adam is amazing
thanks! Hope you had a good trip home and a great weekend. Please keep in touch.
WillMB uses fancy footwork to stay out of a double-play to keep the inning alive. The man is amazing.
pleasure meeting u today.
what happens in las vegas is such a cute movie (:
I hope you gave the kids a head start on the egg hunt. Ha ha!
If your phone isn't ringing, your resume IS costing you money. Our clients have found new jobs in as little as 2 weeks!
RIP Dick Clark, didn't know he was having health issues, New Years will never be the same again
thank you!(:
Long day! Off to bed! I sure hope tomorrow is more active! Good Nite online community! Until another time....
hell yeah!
Come to EDC and find out RT probably best show ever “: I wonder if Skrillex live is any good?”
Gotta love em . but Grr they get on my nevers
IT'S BEACH TIME!!! Who wants to join me to play some volleyball?!?! I can bring the Corona's, someone has to bring the ball! :)
do that all the time! Lol!
I don't trust myself.
Can this month fly?
RT "go #Orioles!"
In my efforts to promote #theatre attendance & quest to come from nowhere & be mayor of #Wrigleyville , I'm finally on
your ladyballers have been so depressed and going thru all star weekend withdrawals we haven't been able to tweet! :(
“: IDK about u tweedos, but I CAN'T wait for XFactor to begin with and Obvi my love Simon. 😍” and Demi Lovato!!! <3
Attended a great webinar on Twitter
is so funny.
: I have to go to work. Ill ttyl(:?
Do you know if there's still a person who puts the rose and a bottle of liquor on his grave?
I'm looking and I'm liking! I shall respond:-)
Men of Mayhem November 3rd, 2011 by RT and win a shirt! and stickers!
If you are a Mahomie, Go & follow her right now. (:
good thanks :)
Ever muscle in my body hurts, I'm still feeling the repercussions from Saturday. Oh college, I miss you.
Haha, ok. Nothing a beer on a sunny afternoon can't fix. Cheers!
how is everyone tonight ?
#ghettotranslations I'm omw 5 mins= I'm just going in the shower and then get dress therefore I will be there in 2 hours...
Thank you for all the applications. Now, our hard work begins..selecting the teams.
Girl you are crazy! Those strong ass jello shots.
More the “time to head home so quickly” instinct
good n u
no dont! we smoke cuz of the feeling and the meaning
#CLFFC updates coming up later today! Been caught up in, as Jon Langford would say, "The tequila puddle that is #SXSW."
Hope you are right? The bottom has been called before
I'm mystified that I still don't regret buying that Skipknot album all those years ago.
Great 1st half for the #Sixers!!!! Keep it up!!!!
miss you more!
Thanks Naomi! I loved every single minute of it!
4" heels after working out ... NOT THE BUSINESS!
Becketts 32nd birthday today. Ironic that he's on the mound in what could be a memorable day for various reasons?
School book signings- best to hv school sell advance copies of your book. I usually do show in morn, sign afternoon
In 1915 George Romney, Mitt's dad, had 165 first cousins ...
Thanks for the info, I'll check them out! cc
you ought to update your credit line for the"she reads" column. And yes, I am a nag.
I hate that I worry all the time about a lot of things 😥
hell ya i miss my boy matty
#waystomakemehappy make me laugh
Teach me your ways.. you are so pretty and so many people follow you. How do you do it?
due to weddings, birthday parties, and some race where 33 cars drive a bunch of miles in a circle...the next game for me is 6/9.
Disney-Inspired Wedding. IT'S HAPPENING.
Wud luv2c a national tny for all teams that won/competed for their state titles. Hard2do I understand, but teams like Milton
i been noticed that i didnt so its nothing new
Production meeting! All hands on deck...
Do you know what your name means?v
Keyword should be in yout title, description and tags to get the best results on
I think I've bought 13 boxes of girl scout cookies in the last few weeks. I'm an easy mark; please keep those monsters away from my door.
Listen to your heart.
FREUD was a genius, but not a MYSTIC. There comes a point where your will is exhausted, you have tried everything to make it work, & IT wont
Grading #c300 footage for the first time.
Whenever I hear ZO speak, it gives me hope. Thank you for speaking the truth! A guy named Rusty said this. But it is my feelings also!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I hpoe she stabs him with a fork. (2/2)
hahaha right? it was...interesting. he seems much cooler now that he's not my teacher though!! LOL
To me the young crowd can hear more about what's going on & seniors can share pics of their grandkids during story time.
better not be James!
"why wouldn't you want to hire someone who has a big social media reach?" Baked in audience. #sls12 via
I'm a underground king.
Had a Chick-Fil-A for the first time today. Thanks Texas.
Etsy store would be awesome! Someone hand makes electric stylus covers on there!
2 chicken for a cent.
AND if Saruh lets you flirt with her tell me and I'll tell Aundrea and get Saruh in trouble. (x AHAHAHAHA.
LMAO that's what you get for posting that song!! RT Okay well I'm in an interesting mood now lol
no I would say that. told us to hold on to our virtues
Godby presentation: better to use RDA as the translation hub than MARC for mapping from ONIX.
for sure! And will have to check the date see if I'm off
Speech to text thru Siri comes out pretty funny when you've lost your voice.
Brendons science experiment blew up in his face luckily most of the green food coloring washed off
on my way to Tampa to visit family :)
not yet lol
It was a matter of notoriety
Any publishers out there willing to answer some questions regarding my book proposal?
Btw Congrats to my colleagues who worked on and Good job!
is looking forward to a great year working with awesome people on some amazing titles....
Thanks for RTs today. How are you!
follows me back
What is your favorite go-to breakfast on long workout days?
: Great Job 'n thanks to all at , , and all other sponsors for a successful event!
#redsox win! Happy Birthday Bobby V!
Hahahahahahaha Jk I' don't ever know what that means
The best picker-upper in the world is ❤☺
Missing the Hirshhorn event due to feeling like poo :-(
#SWAGG <3 tyler you made my night :] haha , follow back ? and btw dont listen to haters. we love you <3
who is this about..
He had a bag of laundry and garments from the dry cleaners. Drooling on him would not have gone over well.
im about to get on my terpsy ab workout shit it be having my abs right deadass
AWESOME! I loved Tell Me back in the day. Glad to see u all are making music again!
More and more of my friends in the US are working for Google now. They seem to be expanding big time.
Even though Austin doesn't live in Texas anymore, I'm still going to see you!(:
Yes, it is.
Dancing with the Stars is ruining Quiet Riot's "Come on Feel the Noise. Why am I watching this?
I wanted six on that drive..
Texas has a fast lane for the death penalty, which fits into classical theory.
#OneDay everyone will hear our songs on the radio.
I wanted to be joe!
Kiss my ass :(
90 Lynch Bages (2of2). Flavors open slowly. Patience is rewarded by layers of intense cedar, spice, loam, currant, pencil lead 95 pts
I most definitely will! She'll be here Friday morn -Tuesday night.
Have you noticed the new fitness center upgrades? It will be complete by the end of the month and will look fantastic for you!
You're not even gonna rest on the Sabbath? Ha!
were gonna be at 6th street and Nueces during SXSW!
haha what u drink?
There will be 4 men at church today. Why? - it's the accepted answer to the question: what do you want to do today dad? Happy father's day!
Cleveland was the 22nd AND the 24th President. He's everybody's favorite two-non-consecutive-term President!!
Nice to know I'm not alone! I always imagine that scene when I find one and subsequently rush it to freezer storage.
And I was not your fault, but mine. And it was your heart on the line. I already fucked it up this time, didn't I, my dear?
But you miss my cookies and love! tee hee miss you! xo
Scappoose woman being held under 14 million in bail for allegations of horrendous sex abuse with children. kgw at six.
RT Made dinner, now I'm kickin it with and ! // good meal too.. Chef Davis!!!
sweet love.all time favorite.
I'll probably put a trimmed-down free version out at some point after the next release (more features coming eventually).
It's intense! Goin great. Thx, RG! : have a great day at auditions Jim!
#Meekings, Under Fishbone Clouds. Wonderful 1st novel follows Chinese couple thru the 20th century, from the perspective of the Kitchen God.
Going to bed now. Goodnight, keep your head up strong and smile. :-)
RT : bouncing down the masters for this EP. Looks like it's finally done
I wish I were going to the Trop later for the opening game </3 :( that's #myteam !
Org of the Week | Equality Illinois: Secure, protect and defend EQUAL RIGHTS for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people in Illinois
in jamica queens and ready to take my mind off this stress!
So bummed to have missed last night at #NAM11 due to flight cancellations. Here now though!
Excited & nervous! Game day is finally here!
when i tweet a celebrity, mays well talk to myself. it's not like they would notice by how many mentions they get. pahah xD
You can talk all you like. Facts kill your weak argument. What's the number? Where's that lawyer of yours?
Great post, Tom. Very timely for a project I am working on.
omg #BLOCKIVERSARY so much fun, so much love, so many good friends, and so many good times.
Creative, passionate, interesting, dedicated educators at NJEA!! Thank a teacher today.Thumballs all over NJ next wk makin learning fun
valentine's day is coming, wish everyone has a nice day....
If you're in a management position please learn spelling and grammar.
#Fact real nerds prefer graph paper to any other paper out there.
Did i just make the jv cheerleading
hahah yes ma'am!
Accent Mod? Take our FREE, no-obligation test, where one of our expert staff members will review your accent and let you know how accent...
Thanks Monica! Congratulations to you as well :)
Ok at the barbershop so my byz can get a fresh cut then its off to the movies.....tomorrow I'm not g28Ls2
Apparently ready to be hit by flying urine and feces. Hope they have face shields.
Great news everyone! We are nationally releasing our E.P. To iTunes next week! Thank you Jesus!
He is the sweetest guy ever
lml me 2 I'm tired.!! Summer move ur ass and hurry the f**k up -.-
Sutter reminds me of Jeebs from Men In Black.
First EMS call of the year for me and i delivered a baby. Im screwed
sorry I'm not familiar with that name.
Good morning :)
Brothers don't shake hands, brothers gotta hug.
Latin night legooo!!!
I ordered something I thought would be "small". It's bigger than my head.
Well - 'officially' in about 5 Hours ;) But YOU've got it already!
I just found out that he's been spotted around Belleview and Broadway. Headed there to search. It's supposed to freeze tonight.
lamenting the end of my cataloging internship in two weeks. I will miss playing library!
none missed me :(
why didn't u tell me the big game season 2 is online!!!!?!?!?!?!?!
keep doing it ;)
I really hope my daughter is picked for the Disney tv casting.....praying
*new boyfriend* Friends: "awhh! your so cute together!" My bestfriend: "NAME YOUR BABY AFTER ME!"
Only in Memphis, lol
Dont forget the costume contest on the 30. In costume gets ya 10% off. Did we mention the free 1 hr massage? See you Sunday! Happy Halloween
its ok things happen
See, now that makes sense to me. The "don't use it!" school seems like it's trying to hold off entropy. Which is a doomed mission.
posting at the crib with my bff shifted who tryna kick it this weekend .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN J!
Who else got a fucking ticket on hook today!?
is tom kenny dead or alive,
Love this Sunday - a celebration of the miracle of Christ, that the soul springs eternal and the birth of higher consciousness for mankind!
I need a 24 hour fitness card
Is this a customer experience that you'd actually use?
After Hours Blog : What to Do Tonight: October 18
Thank you! I'm loving that mixtape. Her full album is supposed to drop next month.
It's resurrection wknd! Get ready for a new you - Forgive, Forget & Move Forward! Your best days begin at the cross.
Exhale Dakota filling in? “: Sorry to report that Breathe Carolina not doing a full set tonight due to illness #pbodyroof”
Haters are just jealous because they can't be more flawless and more talented than Demi is, they're jealous 'cause she's amazing.
What a comeback!! Again, thank you Marmol!!
what do you think boys should say to a girl if they think she is pretty? Use sexy, or beautiful?
safe flight to
Lots of Girl Scouts visiting the Capitol office today. Happy 100th anniversary, ! I'm proud to be one!
Think I had these b4
Looking forward to Furman U. joining #InCommon in January. Federated identity now part of our Single Signon strategy. Lots to do next year.
Do you have any signings coming soon?
Why is twitter saving tweets in drafts on my phone?
A good cigar is like a beautiful chick with a great body who also knows the American League box scores.
Put beans on for a chili soup snow stew!
I haven't really felt like tweeting lately. >.<
People who are in a fortunate position always attribute virtue to what makes them so happy. - John Kenneth Galbraith
Hope you all have a great new year in 2011!
OK Just making sure
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles. Mignon McLaughlin
It's spring break for most of the high schools in our area, so the game slate is relatively thin. Picks up in earnest the following week.
They said Aries and Cancer are a good match!! :-) I need a Cancer.
We're living the dream, dudes!
Good point.Thanks.
Hooking up wit cold summers alittle later working on some new shittttt for the mixtape. Shouts too rob legend, king kryst & lil e. #leaning!
You a Champ!!
I know, so exciting! :) RT yes.. winter time finally
Its all happening!!!!
RT : Reminder: Daylight Saving in the US is on Nov 6 @ 2am. Make sure to fallback with another
There's no such thing as over-cooking! It looks lovely, by the way.
as the camera pans to Tomlin. Tomlin looks into cam & says is that enough man ... that's enough , watch the game. Jerk !
I just put on my #Carolina Blue T-shirt & shorts to support my #TARHEELS ... And to workout
if I retweeted you quoting me that would be a little too meta right?
wrote the book on .NET/DB w/ several poker refs:
Randomly met the NZ ambassador today when we returned his deputy's missing dog
Do it up, brother!
60 degrees in Denver? What...
your not banished is lol
Can't wait for the new seasons of Dexter, Suits and Wilfred.
Ok. What the F is up with everyone in the theater for Hunger Games taking SO MANY PICTURES WITH THEIR FLASH ON!?!?!?!! Stop it! Stop it now!
Wow. I forgot about that. So tall it would require FAA lights. RT or the 500 ft. cross?
Lately no one gets me. Is that my fault or theirs?
Having #toppers and watching the #Badgers, feel like I just rewound my life 10 years. The wife, child and mortgage bring me back to reality.
The wheels of my mind grind slow, but exeedingly slow.
privacy settings are cleaner then with fb, and the interface is not as cluttered. it might be worth checking out.
Cool! But what grownup can look at those and not want one of his or her own?
I'm 80% sure that 'Christus factus est' translated to choral english means "wall of sound". This according to Anton Bruckner.
Hello, Twitter. I'm back!
RIP Maurice Sendak. You showed the world that there's a wild thing in all of us.
Many thx to Dolores at for going above & beyond to help! Grt cust svc! This is why we're loyal
I couldn't decide whether to reply here or on fb so I will on both! THANK YOU!!!!!!!! I LOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEE IT!
it is so you doug...did you wear your mood ring?
Another great day to do some photography
she has personal beef with tony lucca, she just won't admit it.
RT : Excited to watch the #Mizzou football game today, then listen to the game<-- Isn't our kicker awesome?!
Has he ever asked you a random question? Like about something you would have zero knowledge on?
When my #stepmom looks for ways to make me feel imperfect
Generally for Westerners, China = lack of compassion, lack of sensitivity to human life, raging economic threat. Media feeds this.
I can come over around 5:30 I have to go to church at 4 so thats the earliest I can get there
I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you...oh #taylorswift!!
yeah I guess you got a point lol
theres more than miles in my rear view :/
Happy 32nd anniversary to my parents!
So tempted to buy a ticket to see Florence this Wednesday in Houston on craigslist…but I'll hold off in hopes for an ACL appearance.
after countless attempts, I FINALLY got my KCCO t-shirt order in from FTW!
Great team win tonight. Pirates had to overcome Marlins and their own manager.
Not understanding your email newsletter about UUID's (and the problem). Can you send more detailed information?
Relationships are just those who we choose to "process" with...
amazing show last night produced by the even more amazing ! Aspiring artist needs to follow these two!
Headed to the airport.
meetup tonight at OPEN MiKE. Find out what Dabble is, hear about 3 new startups and eat free pizza! Join us!...
But I grew up near Highland Park zoo, and eating at Dels in Bloomfield.
who do you want to win???
what else would you expect?
call me asap
he is though!!!
and Zimmerman is free?
Me? Jealous of you? Lmfao. Ooh Honey, bless your heart.
thanks brother....that's why you find me on the FA UrT CTF server on occasion; I'm usually trying to distract from the pain :-)
amen tommy.
Just finished a commercial audition this morning and off to the set at 130 for more stand in work, what a beautiful day !!
#nbaAllStar Wow & the rest of the performers tonite. Killed it!!!!
Review: The Avengers - Crave Online
Buyers market - opportunity knocks. Tax credits, abundance of well priced inventory, and good interest rates = perfect buyer opportunity
thanks very much man!
I used to think it was weird how many people were religious, then I noticed how many people believe and trust in the internet.
When someone asks you, how's it going, you can say, "A corpse has begun to sprout."
McGarry: Madden has been a prophet about evaluating effectiveness of programs, thankfully he's no longer in the wilderness.
the only road he's ever known.
not this month! Sworry :((
just finished my last final EVER, off the store for some quality beer, best part = its not even 11am yet
ppl just runnin their mouths.. you know how it goes... You can relate with my experiences lmao
teacher: "it follows evrytime" daisha: "every damn time!" lmao u silly.
Baldridge: mobile blended learning - all the time, everywhere learning.
Mothers Day shopping, my Amex just burst into flames!
yep! The Ron Swanson print should be in the mail soon. The Steve Nash will be sent at the end of our campaign. Congrats!
I want to see more Ed!
no. But I know for a fact you shook up that bottle of ginger ale before I opened it
Anyone wanna talk before i go to bed?
Santa baby, just slip a snowflake under the tree, for me.
Georgia, USA
Obama's trampelling on religious rights exposes his political extremism. He consistently acts like a dictator, ignoring the Constituion.
If I reply to an email with Tout that didn't originate as a Tout email, will it become a Touted email with Live Feed info?
Thanks so much!!! :)
Im done with my twitter, nobody is social on here.
not much bord out
Thank u baby RT : love ya avi!
Good eyeball Granderson
S/O to my new followers! #nfb 8)
well we would go to the movies, play in the water and whatever else you wanted :D
RT : Amazingly beautiful day in the #WillametteValley #Oregon!
Two weeks ago Macy's this week Bloomingdales. It seems Customers no longer count.. Had a problem with these retailers. Let me know How SAD.
Great game
please re tweet this it would mean so much to me your my idol it would mean so much more if you followed me or even replied
Our president is less compassionate & progressive than he is calculated.
Ikr they can fight in public not online
So proud of you - great year and cant wait for next year to be even better! Perseverance, Passion, and Patience! =)
We are escalating our investment activities. We are in the flow, the zone!
THIS. NEVER. GETS. OLD.
What's dumb about it?
A belated HAPPY BIRTHDAY , so happy to celebrate with you!
Back in Houston
thought it was a werewolf? lol
I love the deal. Bogut cannot be depended on due to health. Ellis is great scorer. Bucks also add athletic shotblockers.
RT "Culture eats strategy for lunch" CEO about creating culture for diverse boards
SPURS BIG BABY!
That's actually quite funny.... and disturbing....
Don't make me get all death metal ona b*tch
I am a stress free bride to be! We're heading down to Puerto Rico at the end of the month to finalize plans. How are you doing?
Congrats to Meek Mills for havin 2.7 million downloads on his mixtape in two days!!! Cant hate on dat , thats wtf im talkin bout
Follow your heart with no doubt. If it's right, you'll succeed. If it's wrong, you'll learn.
We all are! RT : Still a great season #Aztecs! I'm proud to be an #AztecforLife!
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Charlotte! We would like to thank you for your support!
I use this Ester-C and Iloe it!
Truth! RT : Now to go to sleep until the cat wakes me at some random point in the night to go outside.
An early #ff for Gillie and Blue Moon Lighting. Follow if you like awesomeness.
YES!!!!! RT : "If you look at me you won't see the girl I used to be cause she's so gone." ~ Lemonade Mouth
- Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets!
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? please follow me?(: 3
WHAT UP MR BOOBONIC...2012 ITS SEAUX-OVER..S/O MAJOR FLAVOR RECORDS, LUCY, FRESHY,AMIGO, J.THOMAS, N.D.O ENT...
Special session scheduled for Monday. Anyone have questions about the session?
What is sleep?
i;m not talking about chicago but KY is just horses, horse poop, and lube! :P
your account just sent me spam from tinyurl. I would change my password if I were u. I think ur twitter is hacked there bud.
Clare Booth Luce~ Lying increases the creative faculties expands the ego and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
haha! Yep! Thanks Jason! Hope to see you and soon!
agreed! Even the colors are faded and boring.
iPhone 4 FAIL. ugh. to the apple store i go.
We're open until MIDNIGHT tonight!!!!
I kinda see you as the teen who sat in her bedroom and read Jane Austen and Sylvia Plath and fiddled with electro-things
RT I've got an off hours #ROR project -can work remote -for the next 3 mo's. 10-20/hrs a week.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA BENKER! 😁
i love you
Sammy who?!
#mpb2b Great point about the time involved to nurture an active B2B web community:Anyone have example of how to justify the time/cost?
sour as day anywho ; time to do this work 11 more days :D
What of those who are willing to learn?
so YOU talkin back, victoria better get her baby!!
awe, thank you so much!! I think so too. Austin & Alex are such cuties.
I think I gained 10 pounds from eating too much Swiss chocolate. Yikes (but so worth it)!
The studio is now ready for pre registering classes come stop by 650 montgomery street
Thanks College Station for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I missed the radio call, how can I listen to it?
Yeah, I'd love to see more. Keep me updated!
thanks for following! Looking forward to hearing more from you.
That awkward moment when he said he could do better...then you see him with that Crypt Keeper lookin hoe and realize, he couldn't.
Got the CD in the Mail today - playing Michelangelo's at 1 Broadway - 8pm.
Athletes lift weights, Cheerleaders lift athletes.
O's WIN! #oriolesmagic feel it happen! O R I O L E S! Magic Magic Magic Magic.... something magic happens.
has the best tweets:-)
wait...WHAT jack ass thing did i do? miss??
Finally getting a much needed break from school to train for Wimbledon with
Milk is so fucking disgusting
RT if you only TWEETED because you were on the toilet and Tweeting & realized you were doing it? :D
The Difference Between Success & Failure is The Planning...
Secret to weight loss? Cottage cheese.
LOVE that place. Always a cast of characters every time I go in there. Employees included.
“: Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.” except if the 1 u cheated with a LAME!
A post #vday dinner would be nice too! RT Men of SD it's too late to book for Valentine's Day, they are booked!
At the crib...movie time then KO time!
RT : Get your ?s in now for today. Joining us will be &
This is almost as bad as my ill-fated "Who said it: Nietzsche or Charlie Sheen?" at last year.
Have a great weekend! Let your light shine.
Downloaded handout from this morning's #wiley2012 lecture straight to my iPad; didn't kill a tree
To another state. Where no one has ever heard of me. Oh.
I finally understand from an emotional point of view how people feel when a loved one gets shot!
Awesome! Well we can definitely vouch for all the Chicago companies up so far. More to come soon, too! :)
Why'd I know I was gonna fuk this up as usual wat I say never comes out right
you saw me on my wedding day ? Lmfao
Quite the time saver actually. They were going to cancel it anyway, right at the point when the story got good.
going pretty good trying to establish a network
Happy birthday kenny . (:
*Le moving on*
u seemed up set during you performance tonight, are u ok? I hope u are <3
Fact: It's harder to win a Super Bowl when not stealing other team's defensive signals. Pats 0-2 since SpyGate.
nothing from Milwaukee or Madison yet
Just ordered the Magic Trackpad and battery charger it's tough being an Apple Fanboy!
What's with all the nukes? Haven't we established as a globe that they're bad for everyone?! Come on, world leaders, put your dicks away.
Follow Ohio State grad
so they're not gonna sign or trade for anybody? That is just ignorant! Depth at RB is important.
Thanks for being a loyal customer. Email and we can send you a coupon! Have a Peachy Day!
Glad to see you guys on Twitter and thanks for the follow. You make the best donuts ever!
I make the best cake ever.
A HUGE congratulations to and for leading the local arts community to victory -- getting funding for local DC artists!!
It's official. When I finally get my own place, two of the most crucial ingredients will be: a puppy and a piano.
13 coneys for $13 special at #skyline in honor of Friday 13th. I ate 2. I love Skyline but not THAT much.
great advice, in 90 degree heat! Men can go commando, so can we ;)
i did the same back
Press X to Jason.
r we going to shoot for michigan?
I'll pass.
Will ratings be higher for Daytona 500 tonight than they would have been yesterday? New audience will be available.
Hello I am better than your ex,fresher than your next ;)
I will be there :)
You are awesome sir!!!!! (sometimes a little cheering goes a long long way!!!) Company is VirtualOvationTV ( )
Everything is false, until noted.
When the song like a virgin comes on when your at a club & your like the only one dancing (;
I will always be me.. will you accept that
my niece showed me her Oldify app. is there a Handsomize or Beautify app to make our photos look better?
I changed my mind lol
as a visitor, I've been disappointed before w q's that don't mean anything. Ask so what to comment books.
are you awake
I know! & its 81 degrees. Doesn't feel like Tennessee. These winds are even crazier than Oklahoma winds and that says a lot.:/
Headed to the airport. So long Miami! Till next time! Djing at Hudson and Richs Afterhours tonight!
off to find my arch nemesis… the F train…
yes, plus monsters and pick-axes.
Seriously greys anatomy 😭
Boot Camp tomorrow morning!!!!!!! Wahooooooo!!!!!
That! Will set you apart! RT : A1: Use social media in addition to face-to-face networking to boost your brand
Alright, time to get a few beers in me before the Coldplay concert at the Rose Garden tonight :-D!
we will add you next time sorry
South Philly in the house!! Specifically, my house! RT : And I'm off to #spsphilly. Anyone else staying in South Philly? ;-)
do they get the news in San Diego
Oh My goodness I Hear Prodigy ! (: I Must be Hallucinating B/c I see him and Hear His Sexy ass Voice (; ! Ahh.ustream was a good invention
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed.
it felt like it.
1000 Tweets, sucka. Hope the blog this twitter account killed is happy with itself.
#efchat Which skills did you have to master that don't come naturally? We've discussed networking, time management etc
Brandon Davies suspended for having consensual sex? I am speechless - speechless.
Nice cool morning for a 6 mile run with some good company!
Happy #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
I wish I had someone to chill with but I dont feel like chilling with anybody if that makes since
Why did Ybarra incorrectly say in field sobriety test that she had been drinking at Boneheadz? "It was just a state of shock."
The only 3 things a guy should wanna change about his girl is her last name, her address and her viewpoint on men.
just gave me a neck rub
Great morning my tweeties #amazing day to you all
what's up bro ?
Check out the slideshow in the International Connections Lounge featuring photos UofA students have taken while abroad!
Not to sure how to use "< or > " someone help
Baltimore real estate agents you may want to call Billy Cubdiff's house. He may be looking to move.
happy birthday hun! love and miss you so much! will always be your #1 supporter! enjoy today<3 see you soon!
however, if the viability of a tissue is completely dependent on its internal physical attachment to a viable being, it isn't life
I have more dreams than you have posters of your favorite teams.
now call me to all your promo pics :-) !!!!
having a good time?
that girl is sooososososoooooooooooo mad
Looking forward to Wildcat basketball this year! I have a feeling it's going to be an exciting year with our new coach on board!
I asked for your book and got it. Can't wait to read it further than the sample!.. Merry Christmas!!!
thank u
TY4Tweet - we are so close ...
Never fold under pressha, hold it together
(4 the nxt tme U're ready 2 gve up on the world)Conor Grennan's Volunteer Trip To Nepal Turns Into A Life Of Service www.huffingtonpost.com
okay, andd may i have your skypee?
It's lunch time folks! Just in time bc I'm parched and starving! Stop by a #Bartab venue and grab a bite to eat with your $1 drink!
-- I *am* Greek and I don't understand it. Well, I understand food and cursing.
Yes sir - was a long project, but I've got to give props to for producing it! They're awesome!
Makes sense, will check out your work. Last bit on proprioception was esp interesting; I think a lot about capturing physicality.
i just want to know and her to know me i want to be friends with her but shr gets so many tweets she never sees mine (Sad)
Is anyone else not feeling the +1 button love?
#365 Days of #Liberty-4/5/1989: The 8-year ban on Poland's Solidarity is lifted. Free elections planned. via
"Cloverfield" was a pretty rad monster flick. I know, it's like a year old. Whatever! I Netflix'd it, and it was clever. Points 4 that!
i love yall we had some good times that bond will be with us forever and ever more
70% of the success of Youtube, Twitter, Facebook, etc. is from being exposed to content you wouldn't normally choose to run across.
RIGHT RIGHT. SO HOW ARE YOU?.
Using #iknoitsreal and #YOLO for no reason your over doing it
Forget the bad things, remember the good things.
The second one in the series is pure recipes..the 1st one is to make you hungry
pop . Well now I'm gonna be bored !
I have an idea to pass your way… coffee next week?
you need to cheer up haha
Don't forget to follow to get all the latest updates about our Annual Conference in June!
Hey Melanic. would you still be interested in doing your poetry piece at my event on Dec.3rd @ IUPUI?
because again, we didn't want to make him sit at home and do nothing.
thank you honey - it was a great day with SebJac
Cooking breakfast at Seacliff State Beach. Annual pass paying off already!
In the worst pain ever 
Finally I'm done cooking for
Hey now don't be like that u know u love him LOL
Can't get caught slippin'.
i hope everything is ok with your dad! <3
If you believe you can, you probably can. If you believe you won't, you most assuredly won't.
Just finished colonial lanes...good crowd...good bowling...good times ;) thanx to the bands and fans!
bootlegs by some of the guys in the band.
done and done
My mom bothers me so badly when my sister is not here.
these flashing lights!!!!!
As if you need another reason to hate Mickelson, he wears a watch while he plays. Got someplace to be Phil??
Finish strong! “: 1 more final and then it's over.”
But now it's gonna be a long day, and even a longer night.
If your going to cheat do it on your paper not your partner.
I've been in the dentist waiting room for going on 55 min. I don't think ice cream will fix this one.
My #Instagram followers are going to hate me today. Bored.
lol idk what work is lol I need a J.O.B. Jock off buddy lol I'm gonna hit the gym then lake
I Don't Dick Ride Or Ride The Wagon , I'm Just Saying Lakers Ass & The Heat The Best Team !
Demaryius Thomas led the NFL in receiving yards in last six games! WITH TIM TEBOW throwing.
Long long long. lol RT he was taking the long route.
Adele, Civil Wars & Foo Fighters @ Grammys! Now on vh1 while getting ready is a Gary Clark Jr video. Maybe music biz isn't all plastic.
you rock!
'Cause I know I'm losing my time, and I don't mind
Join me and my friends Mark Jackson and at Lincoln Center for a screening of our film Today 3/6 at 8pm.
At #SXSW networking and making pals with and - man knows his burgers and beer.
hopefully elwood staffing can find me a job. got an interview on tuesday!
OMG bout ready to go the f*ck off on ppl these ni**as think the the sh*t
Earthquakes are so cool
Brian Scalabrine is ESPN's #449 ranked player out of 500. All players after him should give up basketball.
Last minute tickets to game today.
Ah!!! We're kindred spirits<33
Best year yet.... not enough forward motion???
king missile then oasis. Thank you for rocking my trip from merriam to downtown.
James just told me that he doesn't think that the Water Jet Pack is a tax write off... does anyone want to go in on it with me?
Yep! I will be starting after Memorial Day at the Archdiocese of Atlanta.
Additional "Rondo should stop passing out of layups" comment here.
definitely smart & hot!
I know you mad but so what, wish you best of luck.....
Gallery Night pick: 's senior show at MIAD
this has been a great series so far. Every game could've gone either way, and 2nite is no exception.
i will work the the billing issue. will give you update
Heading to #California to attend the #CLTA Conference this weekend. #Teachers, come find out how Aspire can customize ur programs abroad!
Over 20 k people have hopped on the luvella train, come take a look at my newest vid, it's meant to be and join the club :) kellieluvella.tv
#drakequote all my girls 504 need to drop it right now need to drop it right now can you back it up then stop
because it isn't getting any airflow being trapped between your head and pillow lol
If you got feet problems, I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems but toe fungus ain't one.
I believe in God as I believe that the Sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week.
Damn i can smell my step daddy smoking all the way in my room -_-
Was Rickie Weeks' injury a blessing in disguise?
oh okay. Well I can come. I love running :)
Nah man, don't sweat it!
What the hell are you talking about? By your standard NGA, which supported the Union, is "the North."
RT : I got 2 more spots for performances at Scratched Up...hit me up ... Show is Feb 12
And now I'm getting rained on for the walk of shame back to the house. What a fuckin' day.
\m/ for Red Promo!
