Looks like Confederate Jasmine.": My backyard smells so go from these things.... Their like white star looking things that...
Probably. I was about 2 steps behind him most times. Maybe we'll really meet at next year's #99conf! Meanwhile: Twitter antics!
I just soaked my self in gasoline while at A plus... Gross
thanks a lot. gona peep these now
just saw 21 jump street it was the funniest thing I've seen in forever!
tonight should have been the last time we see Ryan Franklin in a #Cardinals uniform. right now he's just taking up a roster spot
omg, he hitting them corners.. im scared
whatchin a one yr old sleep!?:/ you?
are you free tomorrow?
Ladies: Sit your man down, get some whipcream, spread it on his dick, top it off w/ a cherry, & let his dick be the banana
The Real Victims in the Patent Wars Are Small Startups...
But what are "human values" in the novel, in the world? Lots of human cruelty & destruction out there among us all
a small victory -- last night I deployed my first app to
Great! RT : Jean Tower: I want my technology Google fast and Apple easy.
Don't do that :(
I been driving all day
I *might* have just asked for a junior conductor hat "for my son"...
Rock'n it tonight Joeff playing & flamenco dancers too!
Oh well. Kyle wsa great in that role.
you should come smell when it rains in Arizona... Miss you massively!
look who's talking
they sellin vip today too
Ohh yeah....you know it!
Writing the script for the shaded of purple music video! Very exciting stuff.
I learned something bout myself today no matter how many bad relationships I've been in I still believe in true love #hopelessromantic <3
I really can't wait until #fleamarket and #yardsale season starts again...i can use a good #junk day!
great article. these respondents should look at what is doing to resolve these political & technical challenges
better be!
Thinking you might die in a cab always sucks.
about 20 mins SW of crivitz. We go tubing on the Peshtigo once a year though usually... Good times
any progress on the colab channel? :)
same here hun...
Sioure to soon realease Internet Marketing and SEO Strategies
GIRLS TIME OUT BLOG ROCKS!!!
No app as of yet, just Tune In Radio. Great feedback to pass along though :)
Fuck anesthesia dental injections !
Craving for lunch today.
You're welcome! Looking forward to your tweets.
Haii(: I think I'm on twee limit but I'm using an iPhone. BTW did you see my pic?
lol I feel ya
Check out Tivity's brand new landing page and fill out our short survey!
Thanks for the warm welcome, friends! :)
Mitt Romney made fun of working class NASCAR fans for "really spending the big bucks" on cheap rain slickers.
i cant tell whether im happy or sad
schweet! coming soon :)
Off to another 12 hours of pushing around thousands of hex nuts. #StopMotion #animation!
Sweet soul, you brought *automatic* smile to my day-loved your tweet. Have wonderful wknd. You are loved by God and us too! XO
Ian does it again! Yeah, head got some #Natitude Let's go
ok i drive ok
Hey Ulysses, just played a gig with Charenee the other night in DC and was reminded of what a badass you are!
Phone interview tomorrow morning and then finally some relaxation!
I just want a hood bitch that tells me that I sing too much
lol hell yea this shit to funny original gangstas
Pharrell isn't even hip hop bro. Get your facts straight.
thank you Dori! What are you doing these days?
Finally time to get this over with
Perhaps but it's Cinco de Derby... IDK if I can.
Obligatory "at the DMV" tweet.
Ooohh! Have fun in Brasil, Luv! <3 Take pictures please! :)
Eastland got a shout out on the evening news weather report.
68!! that is amazing!
Emotional roller coaster this week...From stressed & burdened to joyful and grateful!! Both good for the soul!
PLEASE SAY THIS IS TRUE :O LOL
Great! Do we need your Friend Code?
I don't think I have the balls to wear that
Yeah my made me so proud!!
READY TO SEE YOU DANCE VOTES ARE ON THE WAY HAVE FUN AND WIN THIS THING
sorry but ive been here since the beginning too, streaming it from my computer so yes I will say I've been waiting long enough.
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
Why the fuck did the click five just show up on my low rising pandora.
yep be there!
I'm in the mood for a little fusion.
it's an amazing movie. Sure, the last 10 minutes are kind of sad, but it's a great movie to watch!
you should! How can you not?!
Good morning! "If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere." ~Frank A. Clark
thats it your getting 🐶💩 on your FRONT PORCH. Id wear crapy shoes for about a week (;
My bottle of Sapporo is only $2. That is all
I wished we could watch a better movie!
The new episodes of iCarly,iNickelodeonShow and Victorious are starting.Hope you like it!
Hey I just got my hoodie and t- shirt but one is the wrong size, c'mon you cant hire
Bored on my day off ugh
the harmonies in When I Get Home are breathtakingly beautiful. I get chills every single time I listen to the song. Incred.
I can't wait to listen to the show tomorrow.
Learning the #CTIA world. Day 2 awaits. Planning for teaching others. Changing the future.
#ThatOnePersonWho always seems to be looking at you
I hate having a heavy heart, but there are times when it is totally appropriate.
thanks for the mention!
Someone needs to make writing a lit review a game. Dble. pts. for citations with major impact factor; lose lives for bad APA citatn. style.
Happy the Hobo! Good old Lyle! Somewhere I have the incriminating video.
you can always lay in my bed naked! we wont tell or ;)
ok good now i dont feel crazy b/c im fa sho gonna go off
Only time will tell...What goes on at night will soon come to light
Forget Chicken Little's paranoid delusions about the sky falling. With chicken litter, we really do have a problem.
When Captain Morgan puts his foot down I'll quit drinking it in the bathroom at work.
Yes MiMi isn't that crazy ? btw what are you doing tonight ?
Hahaha, that was great for pantsuit! See you tomorrow?!
Welcome new non-profit #SMC members and Mark Marabella from Mountain-Pacific Quality Health Hawaii! #SMCHI c
you're NAUGHT a nice person!
Did he claim there was an error in the reporting?
on another note water problem on cedonia was today through completed work
ALL OFFICIAL MAHOMIES !!!
with your same job title, experience, education and more factors.
in middle skool..its soo much drama..i wanna get out but i cant..just trying to survive middle school..gotta love pple
Super Bowl Week!! Go Packs!! Party packs available Pork Verde Chile easy to serve and filling. Quesadillas, Tacos call us 467-9295
:-o I'm not in town until tomorrow afternoon. Will they still be available?
Have an awesome Sunday!
really need to go sit outside in the sun...
WHUUUUUUT? omg, he was so good. SO good. You have to YouTube it!
thanks G! I will. Always! Have a great night
wow danzell, you really need to stop.
Sitar at 91! Great musician staying great RT: Music review: Ravi Shankar at Walt Disney Concert Hall lat.ms/nk5W46
just so u know u look like the uni-bomber in this pic. :))
hahahaha can't wait! <3 let's wear them to the baseball game we were talking about ;) and hahaha #brozzino #brogone #socute ;)
I wonder does know my birthday next Thursday
Can I go back to 2008 when I was naive & nothing really bad happened to me or the people around me?
I mean I saw it on ridiculousness! Not fantasy factory. Same thing though lol
Congrats! I was Most Technologically Advanced... #whatdoesthatevenmean ?? They knew I'd be a good tweeter long b4 it was cool!
EOC on monday . I need to study
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all
don't listen to him! 2 Unlimited!
Takes more time to be selective, but also builds trust, or at least doesn't damage trust if you do.
Was held at Toronto security because they thought my bar of soap was a weapon.
yep, JFK Airport a national disgrace.
i ain't gonna lie that was amazing.
I know every rom com, for some reason the shticks always trick me into watching them.
Please follow , and help us in "Breaking the Silence" of cancer and purchases your tickets for this year's performance today!
Today Big Bill's ghost was haunting what we used to call "Bughouse Square" (i.e. Washington Sq. Park). Where are the soapbox orators of old?
We need less "stuff" than we think. What's one thing you can get purge today? Toss or donate it and let me know what it was.
wow. Totally.
Stormy today! It's always beautiful under the Tropical Dome! What week can you join us?
and don't shout at me with your capital letters please..lol
we will be playing garrissa's rebel fest on may 4th!! so be ready!!
There must be a filing deadline tonight!
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
we can always dance because I'm somebody that loves you!
It's a great day to be a Shocker. How shall I celebrate that Blue Jay beat down?
well its downloading...but is apparently gonna take an hour
you guys are un-fuggin-real!! Another blockbuster!! Multiplayer=sick story=slickest presentation ever! Kudos!!
#LinkedInTips: Make your profile interesting, rather than just factual. Add your interests and make post updates.
Just get home from work and don't know what to cook? We know what you crave,
Mr. Peters said that he shouldn't be talking to us like that.. And he shouldn't be a teacher if he is going to act like that
can't resist following back any Twitter user who includes a pooch in their profile pic
Glad you two can make it! RT : My boss and I are officially registered for the Unconference!!!!!!!
midterm time. let's get this over with. dear powers above, please don't let me fall asleep.
Time to switch it up.!!
Working on a LibGuide for civil engineering technology/construction management technology.
Well day jux turned left...
When you think you're good at something always remember that there is probably an asian kid out there that will shit on you lmao
Sign of an ace is Lester right now...not his best stuff tonight but he's laboring and keeping the Sox in this one.
Ethnography? Dr. Quinn reference? I'll let you know. I'll be working on the Avkat project.
New rule: When a web site pops up a Facebook login page, we immediately close that browser tab. Agreed?
The mission cannot be "dont be homeless... It must be positive and for the future."
RT : Last to declare now Palin, who will do so individually for $10 a person at the Telling Booth, keep the line moving.
Well week number 2 in softball...another defeat...BUT not as bad...11-8.
“John Schaefer, host of WNYC's "New Sounds," & the city’s unofficial arbiter of all things musically out-there,” does top10 of 2011 tonight!
Wango Tango today!!!!
Remember, Bobby: QUICK HOOK. Don't let Buchholz ruin his good night. He needs this.
“: to sleep or not to sleep, that is the question.” Umm I chose to sleep hehe :D
RT : Thank you for making Someday! My date is wearing it and she smells like HEAVEN!
Gonna cry.
I thought it was a bit overkill I could be nuts but not THAT nuts.and no bad trumpet player would ever get one on me
UK : parking sensors => US : "curb feelers"?
Thanks for the luv!!!! Check us out on Facebook also @ Ganksta Enterprize
Good nite #thebigapple old friends and new!!!
First half huff
Be blessed everyone!
not 100% sure lol. somwhere in the general area of England I guess. I want to visit them or move thereone of these days...
“: Dear God, I will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.”
LOL yeah you would. Im out for the night man. Peace
If taxpayers are paying for a website, we have should have metrics on how well it's doing
i got my Gypsy 05 Circa Tube Maxi Dress yesterday, and i'm in LOVE!! =D
why u say i guess not like that
I was also surprised by the variety of research done on supercomputers when I started at #TACC! Glad you learned something. :]
If you are sexually active, HIV testing could save your life. Call 877-411-TKNO today and we'll come to YOU!
i dont know man, i just love and <3
Sometimes we just have to drop everything and have a good sweat! #Zumba kicked my ass.
"To take a day just to do this, I'm really losing a lot of money," Simmons said. "Anything for the workers."
OMG I'm so jealous :D
Joe Mather 2-run single, CUBS WIN!
damn but yeah I just got it it's sick
. Thortons on the west side!! I've never seen one before and it's heavenly!
Technology doesn't always help. TIVO found another Hoarding show & recorded it. Am I becoming a Hoarders hoarder?
Lemme hit it from the bacc,pull ya hair,you got that fresh pussy...First day of class
Hey you. Sit on my face
I love freshly shampood hair!! :)
don't be shy. Share it for the world!
Excited for tomorrow! Shopping & pool with & nails with #girlsday 😍💅👙
I love being at home 💜
It would be 90 degrees only on the days that I play..
i would, but i can't take pics. but i voted, so please follow. <3
: As long as you're happy... I see myself in you when I was your age.
Dress rehearsal tonight. Actors are ready. Directors are ready. Crew is ready. What's left to do? Sit in the audience and let it happen!
Yes on the Google music invite, please.
“: McCourt posing with his sons for farewell pictures in center field at Dodger Stadium. #dodgers” they kept low profile at game
It seems like such an easy concept, right?
Falling online ad rates are good for someone, and it's not Google
Keny, Kathy B. Says hi!
That moment when kneels to the ground and pulls out a ring and says marry me Juliet youll never have to be Alone :)
Love your kids
The huge raindrops coming down right now are so heavy and cold it feels personal. What did I ever do to you rain?
time for shots!
Live, life, love, and most importantly, stay TROO to yourself!
Are you serious??!? This years lineup looks amazing!!! I want to go more than ever
I'm going to get an orange jumpsuit from the jail and walk around the outside of the Miami county jail and see what happens.
Make sure to try out 's hot boiled Georgia peanuts @ WBC
need more followers to b able to follow!
it's 71 degrees outside! OMG it's so summer! :)
Check out he's a sick Bmx rider! Be posting vids and pics on him soon! So go
ebay is addictive!
lool you can't wuss out
A true friend will never get tired of listening to your problems over and over again. :) <3
for the area between north ave & 25th. A shooting a day, keeps the prostitutes away
Bynum needs a haircut
aww thanks love! :D
“ trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew - .”
caught paddle-handed!! I give up...can't hide anything in the digital age!
I love the shirt!!!!
Bitch is str8 lying :( RT : OMG is so pooped she is actually SNORING!!!
When it rains like this we do NOT want to go outside. Good luck getting us to do it, Mom and Dad!
Not proud to be inside a mall right now. I really want to be going to see The Artist
No matter how tech evolves, clarity of message & acknowledging power of social (no matter what platform) is critical.
TIME ZONES! 3:10 am here. (Boo insomnia.) We should do a conference call sometime.
simply sergio
:D you should follow and make sure you let him know you think he's got a nice voice! ;D
Soul Surfer was AMAZING! Made me cry a few times :')
We have a terrific program to accomodate food allergies. Just ask your server, & the manager will come & explain.
that must be a non-LifeWay event... because we're not going to VA. We will be in SC and PA w/ her though....
Coffee this AM with , one of our amazing band members. Giving guitar lessons later. Meeting w/ Gonna b good day
Present yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king. Present yourself like a hoe and we'll see how far you go
I have a thing for guys... Who like girls v____v
you got it! Thanks for sharing :)
will I see you tomorrow or next wk? Miss you in my classes! Ps I'm teaching this week #wellnesswednesday #CFYoga !
I'm trying to decide on these shoes: Nike, New Balance, Acics, Brooks and Adias... Any Recommendations? #ProjectHOOD Walk Across America
3% battery left on my
no! i couldn't understand a word he was saying. it sounded like this "yes, zee hartbeaaat is nurmal...pleeez slide duwn'
hey chillin at home
And y'all had that last year, and failed in the biggest moments.
Positive energy is magnetic ~ Pls RT
K guys, ive found out that it is recorded and aired a week later. So if you are in #muncie, come out to DOCS and say "hola"
WHOS GOING TO THE CHACHI WORKSHOP TODAY IN CHICAGO?
Lol, okay!(: What I really want is R-Truth as WWE champ!
"Dying is easy it's living that scares me to death" A. Lennox, from Cold
Carrie: the department of labor just gave 35 job offers to RPCVS using non competitive eligibility, because of increased awareness.
When winter comes back around I'm doing no complaining.
We would love to get more information about what you have in mind! We'd be excited to connect with you!
5 minutes into #EAD and I broke it!
Yes! MT Peter Van Garderen on being OSS company: "We don't sell software licenses. We sell our time to work on this common vision."
Hold up today's Mothers Day can y'all motherless hoes stfu! please and thanks lol
Don't go northbound 75. Stuck!
Today is the day to get things done. Preparing to Officially Launch my blog soon...I'll let you know when it's ready!
Lmao I Swea. That Shxt Irritates Me They Betta Go To The Library Or Steal Some Wifi.
Cats need love-have you hugged your cat friend today? Meow!
It was David Carr. ;)
Haha thank you.
At work, and my patients are being tested ... Trying not to snap.
Midlakes Basketball: The kids are working extremely hard every morning...I expect very good things this season.
People change, memories don't.
It's here! The Viewer's Choice Show. That means you pick the topics AND what we talk about in the Bubbler. What's buzzing this morning?
Getting my nails done and the lady asked me if I have a bf.....
yizzo. Me and my mans tryin hop on camera
I'll know it's general election campaign time when Romney starts getting asked about the death in the Big Dig tunnel.
I wore a dress and heels today for eighth grade graduation, and I fell down a flight of stairs. -.-
Because you don't visit me no more.
Anyone have a Sunday Ticket user/pass so I can do some streaming off the new computer? Inbox me puhlease!
when do you come home?
Drugs in aqueous solution are absorbed quite rapidly aft
my night class is the biggest joke ever.
$110K - Perm Candidate - Core Java, Enterprise Java Bean (EJB), JDBC and Eclipse, expert with web application design and implementation by …
helping the big get bigger. What about us little guys? I need employees to expand too.
Job Opportunity - Lone Star Park: Group Sales and Catering Account Executive. Send resume to
Afternoon workout
Orale, indeed! If only it weren't raining all day we might actually enjoy a Oaxacan Friday afternoon as lovely as any other!
Paul was bout to commit backcourt violation...that's what prompted his bad pass. Really fault of inbound passer
woh woh woh good sir!!!! Seattle Invented coffee, ok well maybe not, but we we're the first to do it right. But Portfolio was good
aww do you know If she's coming to clovers graduation party?
Thanks 4 the bday wishes! Amy, Nicole & I are running in the fountains tonight to embrace our inner 8yr old. Wish u were here!
sweet. How were the Arctic Monkeys?
lol. I wish people would just stop looking at me like i'm some slut. i like sex but damn :c
maybe I'm crazy but I enjoy the after workout soreness.
my dad won't let me. I'm too young. and blah blah blah. next year, ill meet you there. (;
Day 2 of FOR has begun! Ready for another stimulating and engaging day!
You say its too late to make it, but is it too late to try?
is there a Skip cameo?
And now I'm starving
Be a problem solver! Provide solutions in your content.
I've got another one coming tomorrow!
Do cops ever pull motorcyclists over? I've never seen one going less than 90 on the freeway. SMH.
great workout with ! ready for an even better dinner!
enjoyed your marketing causes article through today. i'd quote it here but there isn't enough room!
Looks like you are doing good work!
Everyone go follow our awesome tattoo artist!
We're taking MONDAY'S OFF! Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint New Hours are Tue - Sun 11:00am to 10:00pm
Happy Birthday to Steve Jobs!... "it's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy." - -- Quoted in "Odyssey: Pepsi to Apple," 1987
yal pray for me
I wonder how cloning when the price comes down would affect adoptions of animals from shelters
guess it wasn't a turfmonster that got him, since Kaufman is grass these days. This season is getting weirder.
sadly no. Should have left when Wood came in.
FB is gay sometimes. Ugh. :(. How're you feeling?
Anyone up for a Facebook Only Target gc giveaway?
If you had $2,500 to spend on your personal professional development, how would you spend it? Workshop, retreat, seminar, conference ideas?
“: that's not creepy or anything”
Hey Its my B-day Today and can u plz follow me back that will be the best birthday gift ever!! Love u so much
you like techno? I want to be your pen pal! ;)
There is a Sweet Muse peppermint brownie waiting for you at 314 West 36th street (3-7pm)
Everything is according to plan baby bella is head down and looking for a way out!
I just won SB tix thanks to you and Verizon! I'm so excited and cannot wait to meet you at the game. Hope leg feels better!
Hey everybody!
U don't realize how lucky u r to have 2 arms...until u only have one. Ughh I miss doing simple things like making a pony tail! :(
Oh the drama at work.
It's for me today!
Tell me dat nigga kobe ain't raw..dats a lie before god if u don't think dat
can you look into adding MLB.TV and to your Blu-Ray player internet video lineup?
#npx2012 Beryl feeling energized already at Alliance technology conference! Thanks community Foundation for making it possible!
hi waves! Happy to meet new twitter friends
This is the best playoff series by far. I hope nobody scores until around 1:30 am.
Every #Caps goal lowers the risk of heart attacks in the DC area a little.
Plz RT: Any recommendations for good wordpress developers in Seattle?
Is it bad that I laugh at all the love notes my boyfriend gives me? Baha. I love that boy. He should be a comedian. Haha.
No matter where you end up, I'll be a fan. Some team will be lucky to get you.
If you can't get excited about your work how can you expect anyone else too -Reno 911
discussing women with OMG women!
Watching wsop Dolan sick playr hand against Racner..Sick line racner riverd kh straight..Dolan didnt put single chip in when behind master!
Good morning !
I have on MEOW for the #scenestand promo day broadcast Live
Well tweeters this dude needs some major sleep. Running on E. Work resumes tomorrow morning. fml
Jim: after you sir Dwight: no thank you. I never let anyone walk behind me, 7 out of 10 attacks are from the rear.
Tsonga Djokovic what a game. So many memorable points
Hate waking up from a nap and feeling worse than you did before you fell asleep.
Letting go of my type of life is difficult, but I think I've been comfortable like this too long.
Day of preparation and planning today. So excited for the results.
I would be kinda scared to talk on the phone with Vinny because my voice sounds like shit lol
Great hangin' w/ folks from , , , , , last night
I know! It's my first. I've been told it will be the start of an addiction.
Beginning the adventure for the Backpack Journalism program today for and One flight to MKE then three more!
Watson and Lucas are holding the ball deep into the shor clock. I could really go on and on.
Who's "campaigning"? It's obvious is paving the path out for Peyton, gotta protect daddy's inheritance.
At the Paramount Theater again... Death Cub for Cutie once more, this time with an orchestra though :-) Fun!
Stripper asked me if u want to have sex with her for $100..... I answered no, but now I know who the REAL HOE is! Lol
Thanks Richard! Keeping my fingers crossed that others like the idea as much as you do! :)
It's Hump Day! Halfway through the week!
can u follow me plz I followed u
Republicans r slapping students in the face by trying 2double interest rates on #studentloans Can u afford #GOP rule?
Little: District faces "probable" deficit of $106m to $116m next year
smokin' hot practice! New Dawn band mates rock! The final product is going to surprise many...stay tuned. show announcements next week!
I suppose.
Custom cocktails?! Send some of those over to #odhd #seattle. We're finishing off the soda and cookies.
George Zimmerman bond hearing underway now in Sanford, FL. Live report from Florida now on the air.
did you love it?
why not everyone else had a second chance and even fought and was allowed back
indeed my nikka!
i think it's gunna turn out pretty awesome! we're definitely excited
thanks 4 follow much love
guess who?
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex bump n grind by R. Kelly
I love this tooth paste my momma got me!
When u write u business plan, always include ur exit strategy, even if u don't go thru w/ the sale. Bryan Janeczko
curse my amazing brain. s'posed to be on vacation but i'm editing this paper. i am too nice.... and i want ice cream!
Going to go #workout today (:
I'm confused. :/
If the Brewers only did well when my life was terrible, they'd have 27 consecutive World Series wins.
IS THAT THE ICE CREAM MAN I HEAR??
You would think it would be crowded at #CopperMt but with Flyer and Eagle open now it was great!
lol so what's up?
What do you mean account number?
The largest city in the world is Shanghai, China with a population of over 17 million! NYC is the 19th largest, with a population over 8 mil
Infatuation, when every single move you make is fascinating
Right now on NBC 15... our severe weather special, "Surviving the Storm"
Bill Hall (brewers paying him to be a Red Sox......... WOW go figure that one who's the small market here?
Saw a Fisker Karma today...must've been a sign
Just left the Allied Gardens Springfest. Think there was about 2,000 visitors B4 11:00. History tent a hoot--50's AG--homes & businesses.
what's up
are you ready for it? REVO San Diego this Sunday!
#smash tonight: I liked it, start to finish. Sue me.
That's a gorgeous picture!
Oh, and thanks for checking my post out.
What will my parents say 😥
Enjoyed this segment very much Rosie!
Can't wait to get outta here :p
Wise ppl do not waste their time, ideas, or precious words on those who refuse to listen, reflect, analyze, evaluate, or apply principles!
Keg party?
'...Love is all you need.' - John Lennon
yes they are! So much more ability for activities.
How are you having a positive influence in the workplace today?
LOL. OK, what was I thinking?
I've been feelin' real good, came a long way from misunderstood
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible
Heyy boo boo
Fong Chanthavong was leaving for a 3mos vacation to Thailand tomorrow. Her bags are sitting her house, already packed.
Don't forget daily deals find more eyeballs online, which helps people find your business, which brings in more customers! We can help!
Just hit up my phone when you need you some company
if you want him to follow you.. Go unfollow him and then re follow him only when he's online ten he will follow back.
Welcome to ! You will fall in love:)
The press will shape your opinion if you don't keep yourself informed.
I'm home alone and the fire alarm randomly went off 😥wtf
or should i say 'playing the game the way it's supposed to be played.'
Day 29 of #missingmilwaukee goes to fierce UWM grad student and fabulous deputy director
all part of the reason I became a supporter. The trampling of constitutional liberties is appalling in the last decade.
Worst case senario for this semester has my GPA falling to a 3.74. That makes me feel a little better about the way things are headed.
That loss leaves a sour taste in my mouth for sure.
Box seats? Nice!
Brent Johnson now in net for
Winning these poke wars against and =) I'm pretty victorious haha. <3
52 miles out, only about an hour. Apparently the nearest tow is 2 hours away. #TheFuck?
yo pimp you in La a few of us just flew in
Lonely is the person who is no ones number 1
Half way through my Easter Marathon.
I miss you too amiga!! RT : I miss and so so much :(
I totally agree. I love DWTS!!!!!!!!
Also note that the address book UI became harder to use in addition to gauche
yea, i just got antibiotics for mine today.lol
Hanging with sc crew at PAC bell park watching the giants vs brewers
Buckeye Chuck or Punxsutawney Phil--which rodent do you believe? C'mon in for "Groundhog Day" showing tonight at 8! Six more weeks of beer!
Glad u were able to be part of it, and also happy to have u back in NY
remember when naja told casey if u wanna hear go down there? uh NO u just need shut up so she can hear -.-
well here so whenever your ready princess
Saverin the ingrate. My latest. ://bit.ly/Mjg2Ql via
The Black Mamba is fresh & perfect for brewing.Come by to get your beans for the week end.Allocate a school from our fundraiser they get $
Thanks for the RT! We're very excited about the Vogue Japan coverage.
No pool this year, Lisa! We were all too busy shooting SF Giants commercials at AT&T Park this week.
"Make no mistake" - Show me the studies. It's an alarmist viewpoint to promote his company who can provide helpful products!
you as well did so amazing!!
Were your ears burning ? Just skyped with Sounds like she is a part of our world domination plan too ;)
": In sin, the pleasure passes & the sorrow remains. But in repentance, the sorrow passes & the pleasure remains 4ever -Trapp"
Phone Rings 4 No Purpose.... -_-
after the Tavern League's opposition to the homebrew law, their endorsement further drives me the other way.
Correction "BOO SAM'S POOR"
RT : Trying new techniques to summon FedEx guy. Already showered, went to lunch. Current experiment: put comfy cat in lap.
The best thing about being Christian Bale? For the rest of your life, they'll play the Batman music whenever you enter a room.
Dear M&T Bank, I hate you and would transfer all my money to another bank if I weren't so lazy. You win this round. Hatefully yours, Greg
This is the spring of our discontent
huge fan! I'm on one too. I'm going to fight for my right!
You have GOT to be kidding! Rham & Co. wouldn't be let into this bldg!
maybe. Just maybe.
Just love it! Made VAC GOLD!
Roland Smith from CCL: the 20% is what we should focus on - mentoring, coaching, network - for best #Leadership development
u having baby?
I just missed my mf favorite movie
#MaybeIshould start to not take things soo serious, makes things so much easier.
Going to Mariners vs. Reds / Storm vs. Silver Stars - Full sports day for me in Seattle on Father's Day!
Crossing fingers!
on what?
tehehehe. sometimes I follow quote accounts just cause I liked da pictures. ;b
Thank for the s/o! And when you're finished with the clutch in your pic, can I have it? lol Such a nice bag! :)
Cuz I dont want you to love me if you dont wanna love me for me !
I already did!!
of course its excitement its energy its live its crazy but wheres the talent again? dont u sing suabeenz? maybe u should yell lol
This aint friday and i aint craig but dude stopped now dat we outside
Shocker of the night....dude with 6 kids didn't get a rose. But man do I feel bad for him.
I hate to ✂ this short with u 👧👩👧👩s but I'm 👀in for something long term 👶imy
That's all for today. Time for some
TONIGHT ONLY! Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage & pepper or eggplant & fennel pizza! Password is "PA BALLET" *Dine in only*
Thanks Scott for your buying guide RT and enthusiasm
So timely you came, and well you chose, You came when most needed, my winter rose. -Alfred Austin
Laugh now , cry later .
Yep, something is definitely fishy here...
": I miss my Vegas boys and " we miss you too mate! Boom!
It's All Good Love. All That Matters Is Here & Right Now
If Romney agrees to cut govt (and not the growth of gov't), audit the Fed, and scale back foreign intervention, I'm on board
Wow! This had been a crazy day...who would have known in this horrible job market!
has SURPASSED her goal of $50,000 for ! We are still donating all dishes profit this weekend! Thank u all!
Checkin out the 1st place at Wells Fargo Center! I'm gonna be on the field btw quarters reppin !
i might as well had cheated on you . as much you accuse me of cheating.
Attack of the show, again.
Guess I forgot to include *this week* after convo. Thx for commenting on that, since I meant to include it.
Can't spell
Police just re-opened SE Stark at 130th following domestic standoff that ended in a suicide.
Saw an amazing crucifixion reenactment at church......now enjoying relaxing at home in Birmingham
the doodle map. I hear your stick figures are phenomenal!
I just casually walk around I ain't scurred of shitt :)
Oh god. that picture with Alex holding that fish? asdfghjkl.
Please use your Japanese made cell phone to donate to the Red Cross by texting 90999 to make a $10 donation
Sitting around the campfire reading #ra5 updates from today...WISHING WE WERE THERE! Keep them coming!
LMAO! "Of course, I don't know what kind of cupcakes you gave him."
It's ALL ABOUT for #GraphicArts Magic!
not often :( I'll be back memorial day....now that I'm a real person I have to have a big girl job :( wahhh
So excited for you! Enjoy!!! Proud I you, too.
do the reverse Joba on Wood. Make him into a starter. The guy has nasty stuff
couldn't agree more. Single best game in playoff history in fact. Good luck stopping mike wallace
Self Growth is a big accomplishment!!!
Ooh! Me! Me! iPads for live streaming programs, apps to help ESL students, RA in the nursing homes...
I LOVE SO MUCH YOU GUYS HAVE NO CLUE.
The Library Roadshow: I see an Information Circus, where all the performers are authors and historians.
I HATE when people reply with a one letter text. How the fuck am I suppose to work with "K."
Thank you so much for the s/o! Hope you have an amazing and blessed day! 😘
cookies will help. Did you take sleeping pill? Those are my fave part about flying. Also when are you playing DC?
Hey, I love you. Goodnight<3
It's raining...It's pouring..we need the rain....but it's boring!
Shortened meeting for the week starting in 15 minutes from 7-8! Join us!
We need to follow each other I'm sending you a link right now
Nice! We're happy to see it hitting newstands in the #ROC and surrounding burbs!
Good Night Everyone :) ♥
I wanna go!!!
Get our Twitter updates delivered to your cell phone, text "Like CherylWAllerton" to 32665
when are phones fall we panic but when are friends fall we laugh
Re: HB 2384 -- Hey, Kansas Legislature: Bigotry violates my religious beliefs. -- Sod off.
how ur sister
Glad we have a big trash can in the studio. just said "moist" on the air, and I lost my Starbucks. #ew ;)
doing well. We helped 200 girls yesterday! Yay! :) how are you? Can you come out this year?
Being rich is having money and things you enjoy; being wealthy is having the time to enjoy it. - Mike Shell
The buyer is always one click away from "goodbye." Always speak directly to your customers' values.
85 bus is officially unreliable- minimum 10 minutes late daily, anything being done to fix?
I always wonder how the first islanders got there. I should look it up. I'd love to live there for a bit.
any Mahomie's online?! :D
I voted:)
Art of Caring is this Sunday from 3-6PM ! Come bid on beautiful artwork done by local artists! Get your tickets at the door!
#InOurGeneration We will have talking monkeys
Good thing there are 8.5 innings to go....
Which do you think is more relevant to you? Curated recommendations, automated personalization, popularity lists, or the random discovery?
Anecdotally, I don't see WaPo/the other social readers at the top of my news feed nearly as much as I used to. Do you?
Austin is a pro dancer, dayum like did u see the was he was moving that body?
PHPStorm 4.0 has those features. I just upgraded from v3 and so far it's pretty sweet. There are also expanded #Drupal code styles.
Al Harrington's head look like dried-up riverbeds.
that is pure sexiness
whats the weather like?
Best Western or Super 8 are right there
Therefore the demonstrators are unwittingly doing the bidding of Wall Street itself.
Its so nice out today...i hope it stays like this
oh my god to many to count. We are charlies angels...what do you expect?
wheres my big top cupcake damnit!! And balloon! I will swat ur dreams like that fly on the wall 💣boom
Come Watch the NFL Draft at The Anchor Bar Starting at 8pm
Every hour of the day I'm missing you.
Good Morning , <3
im justbgettin home frm work! U?
Great job out there utilizing the new techology, guys!
Nice! Love my flats as well - heard nothing but good things ab the Green Silence
Hey WALL STREET The rest of us are not bailing u out ever again - President Obama
#iconfess I didn't workout today and ate icecream instead :/
yes!! Hence the extensive karaoke outfits ;)
Can't wait no more.. how many hours left? Lol 2 hrs and 10 min. Yaayy ... going out w/ the neighbors :)
Let us Know why you are pumped for the weekend!!!
#bigups to my cuzzo for putting me on the b e s t music in the world !
watching #BigEasyJustice on spike tv this show tweaking me out....
The sentimentalist ages far more quickly than the person who loves his work and enjoys new challenges.
do you charm everyone on the internet?
I'm just going to start carrying my glove at all times. I really should do that anyway
It's hard to beat $1 rails during happy hour at Paisan's!
Check out the storm damage from Tuesday night storms!! Plus - roundabouts - do you like them or prefer traditional stop signs? Let us know!!
It's a full moon and my last name means wolf... should be an interesting night!
<< we got to take Lonneke out in the
lol look at you
That awkward moment when you're basically dumbing down your paper so your professor will understand it.
Back to 7th grade? Here in your arms? #Don'tCareProbAwk
How can I identify "bad links"?
I need to stop dreaming with random unusual people
If you think my tweets are about you, they probably are.
when are you going? meetings??
#SaySomething. who needs ovaries anyways?
Lolol. Yeah. I am. That's why I'm funny ;)
WHY IS IT SO FREAKIN' HOT IN THE PHX AIRPORT!!?? I'm sitting here dripping. Ugh!
Going to be cold tonight in Houston. Make it colder and come watch some A league adult hockey at 9:45pm.
it's alright I'll ask your brother!
Nobut like an after effect sort of thing, And we will soon, it won't be long :) x
Planning a bday party for 2 friends. Wish it was just buying a cake with candles and giving them a barbie or toy truck. 25yrlds r demanding
Back in the badass land of england! Back on it for WAKO british prep ousu!!
We would be very excited to do a joint meet-up with y'all again!
Eaters will also enjoy Easter clearance sales to find yesterday's Cadbury Eggs at a deep discount!
Wow wowman how did ye know?
#news Jo Shapcott wins the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry, its judges saluting the "calm but sparkling Englishness" of her award-winning ver
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it ~ Edith Wharton (1862 - 1937)
Well... Debate Camp... Its gonna be a LONG two weeks, but hey, it'll be interesting!! :)
Just my ego.
's Spring 2012 season is SOLD OUT. Did you get in? No worries, you can still vote on the performers each night!
Lets all hop on the OSU bandwagon everyone!
Every morning has a new beginning, a new blessing, a new hope. It's a perfect day coz it's God's gift. Have a blessed day. Good a.m. !!!
Is anyone else as freezing as I am?? Why am I so cold all the time!?!?
Just to' up, I said.
CALL FOR VIP TICKETS FOR THE PARTY BUS 786-223-1654
Not teaching tomorrow (no school) = staying up late and sleeping in. SO, what movie should I get from Redbox?
Day 8 on Anthony trial... Here's to justice!
Three settings of a student's poetry done.
thank you so much!!! :)
Flipped on Giants game...exciting! Extra innings! Close win! Jumped over to Warriors...oh, oh god.
(: Smile and you will notice what llife is really for.(:
I haven't decided yet. I'm off for 5 days the 14-18. Options are LA, Phx, or SD. Might do one of those for 3 days and kick it here
call us so we can talk about the track we gone get yall on the mixtape 7047284808
I'm still hot. Betty White delivers again.
I'm looking at e-readers, do you have the Kindle or Nook? If so why did you choose that one? Great discussion to educate people.
Chiming in to say hi!
Tell me how you really feel, train
I have so many replies to that. "Be nice. Sarah Palin is my godmother." "Not from my window, but I could from roof."
No problem!(:
well, kid, you should listen to your copy editor!!! (not me)
Next week's Frontline is about Rupert Murdoch, so I can return to feeling self-righteous anger and indignation and not fear.
just a whole bunch of love tweets saying I love it when she text me first. Plus she is going to NYC with him.
on me... I got Top Ramen! Lol!
“: Your laughter makes my heart sing and your smile simply lights up my world!”
No, but If you are looking for the treasure, I have the map to a city so small in Iowa my GPS couldn't find it.
Step 1 to tackling difficult/neglected film: 'make sure no one is watching.' oh so true.
Thanks to you in Australia for putting together green screen video with your yr2 & sending to my students in Philadelphia.
Wireframing my portfolio site today, finishing up mocks for a client presentation and finishing some other odds and ends. Bye bye to-do's!
redbull and late hr sessions to get my assignments/deliverables done for school
#Revolutionarythought: Take one step, and then another. That is how you move your career forward.
You got that right! How does bashing teachers equal excellence in education?
Watched #projectrunway Hate Kara! But also #susankomen commercials & #charmin's tagline "we all have to go, why not enjoy the go"
I'm seriously loving Pottermore.
Understanding the laws of nature does not mean that we are immune to their operations.
wow, something a Celtic and a Laker fan can agree on!
scared money dont make no money if I ever go broke ima take yo money.
You got a friend in me.
looks like you are using recipes from Plenty. Yum! Your photo looks just like the book cover.
I don't remember the last 4th quarter the Bucks played good in. Anyone else?
Day went better than yesterday. Thx @ & others 4 support
The lakers need to step it up.
im not sure what souped is, but i am amped The difference between the #nets and the #cavs is, we will actually make the right pick
great game tonight can't wait for tomorrow..
AND, and, the Flyers go another year without a Cup! I love it.
Follow AtlWindSym on Twitter!
Don't backslide!! That was funny!
I like the other commercial better
Our Southwest YMCA is launching a MACC Ridin' for Research training class. For more information call 414-546-9622.
Oh my god... Pad thai sounds fucking delicious right now.
hey! I just saw this. Sorry about that.
oh. my. lanta. i agree. Where can i find one?! i think i'm coming to orange county tomorrow, just a heads up. txt me
you're supposed to borrow the money from your parents, duh.
Just wanted to wish you a happy Friday! Hope your day goes well and your heart stays big! CHEERS!
Chicago Anthro's gruesome site redesign has wiped the OA serial History of Anthropology Newsletter of the map! :(
When you see a guy pull up in a Ferrari and he actually is wearing a Brioni Vanquish Suit I joke about wearing that He doesn't.
RT : RT : Things they dont tell you to bring to college: a god damn canoe to get to class -
Lunch with #TED in 20. Colin is out of town so I'm picking today's talk at Bring a brown bag and come on over.
That much sweeter when I overcome it. :)
SELENA IS MY DILEMMA is trend ! lol
Come see Houston native singer/songwriter Jimmy Pizitolla this Saturday.
All I need is one shot like dat nigaa Red Dot
Yeah, its like that.
Damn I need them to make a new season of The Boondocks!!!
“: Do ice cream men have territories like drug dealers?”
you can ff me back
Its everything about you..♥
thanks, I try, tho' apparently not hard enough ;-)
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Ham & Swiss on rye with a cup of soup....$6.95
I was thinking about asking Sheps to help me with a new newsletter that had a link to a page with all the music on it
Just posted a comment as instructed. Thanks so much!
I'm pretty sure Rossie odonnel has more chest hair then I do
yes much better than #justgraduatedhighschool #hatingfamilyandnofriends #lyingaboutcollegeandcaraccidents :) love you!
oh it's okay! It's worth a shot! It's nice of you to try though!
I got a new phone and lost your number! ):
Please vote for me, ineed a car real bad.
Jesus isn't a profit He is LORD don't make fun of Jesus, you can get in trouble for that. Repent, Satan.
Today's "Motherhood the Musical" audiences, enjoy the play & your Mother's Day Heart Donuts!
Dude I wanna live in a window display and get sponsored by downey!!
Real things that happened -- Me: GUYS! North Carolina made gay marriage legal! (Opens email, sees full headline) Me: I mean illegal. DICKS!
RT : Talking down fails to lift up...
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees. - Proverb
What was your favorite part about The Oscars?
“: There's also a full-tabbed browsing added to Safari on iOS.”. Yes!
Took today off from work to edit... Gotta get a lot done...
HIGH FIVE TO THAT ...> " Valet Parking is complimentary at all times here!!!" and congrats on opening your doors today!!
Absolutely! Thanks for sharing :)
Student Exhibition is OPEN! Student Exhibition is OPEN! We're preparing ourselves for tonight's reception, 5:30-8:30pm. Who is coming?!
I just got this message from G+: "It looks like you've exceeded the number of searches we allow. Please wait a bit and try again."
Is anyone watching the fight tonight? I'm trying to watch Evans beat Jones ass lol
Does Enzo have siblings? :)
When we take things for granted, these things eventually get taken away.
Who said a black man in the Illuminati, last time I checked that was the biggest racist party...
#FF and our DJ Simon the
I think Mayweather and his old man should duke it out next!
Bitch, I'm from the Bronx. Ill fuck you up!
hopefully everyone scored bad on it so there's a curve lol
i'm going for 3.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 43
Garden State Mall w. my right hand mans
sure was... “: Powerful NBC story by on former Saint Steve Gleason's battle with ALS.”
What do we mean be efficiency in teaching? Credit hour production? Value-added learning/hour spent prepping? Khan Academy style?
Anywhere that our pies are sold.
Baby I got a plan, runaway as fast yoouu can
I make mostly all my clothing,come buy my famous handmade Tutus, @ 1237 Santee Street Los Angeles CA, 90015
I wanna know who lol. I watched 2nd seeaon streamed online. bit fuzzy at times. what girl could it be? im ok w/ spoilers
sorry but I watched two films back to back filmed on film. One projected digitally one on film. Digital proj lookmore pixel
So Jason Terry must be really satisfied with that 1 NBA title. He thinks 1 is enough I guess.
There is always a lack of time. You can never lack PRIORITIES. Whats important? write it down.
Even if you did, you're still the most gorgeous woman Miki!
Thx a million for spreading the word , at this rate, all of austin will know they can donate their old phone 4 a great cause
Bring Mom to our Charleston location this Mother's Day. We open at 11:30 and are giving flowers to all the Moms that dine with us that day!
Happy Saint Pat! Day
Movie fact of the week: For the movie the Wizard of Oz, Judy Garland was paid $35 a week while Toto received $125 a week.
will perform live in the big room around 11a!
"CSS is like lipstick - you can easily change the colours". Rebecca on building a site as a non-coder. Super cool
Chicken and biscuit Potpie-AWESoME!!!
Courage is the art of being the only person in the room who knows that you're scared to death.
The new year is sufficiently rung in. Time to get constructive.
Actually disturbed 😷
- Yes, but you have high top table seating with amazing views and incredible food & drink included.
Freshman from ENG101 class I worked with: "first I thought this assignmt was dumb but then I discovered that the archives are pretty cool."
Going to work, Brooklyn today its snowing should be fun getting there gotta go beat the traffic GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
I JUST had them today - you MUST plan a visit to have them. Only 170 calories a piece - totally worth it.
rt -Most Magnificent New Moon Blessings upon you! ...off to yoga my ASSana & drum diddie dum dummmmmmm!!!
is this a big decision? If it involves leaving Chicago I say nay. Remember your suppose to give me shit for the foreseeable future
Graduates today though!
Happy Sunday everybody!
Lamb is signing at some Cardboard Heroes around KY Check their site Starts this weekend U can get Lamb-Teague both for 40 tota
I'm trying to enroll in your school lol
you should have just came on tour haha :P
yo I'm at Sangria in Hermosa beach!
Venture Capital Investment Continues To Fall In Europe
Happy Sunny #FF to you too!
My boobs lookk like they r gonna explode! They've gotten huge O_o...
Twisting tonight at Subway Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5-7pm. Kids meals are only $3.00 when Mr. Balloon Wizard is twisting!
If UCLA's 88 game streak was by a women's team, and if a men's team broke the streak, everyone would be talking about how amazing it is.
WHO IT U MEAN THAT WAS GREYSON CHANCE
Recharge your batteries at #blogher w/ Trop50 will be on hand to refresh you at the conference & with
Congratulations, John! RT THE SNOW WHALE was named one of 's favorite books of 2011!
Product of the week: Dermalogica's MultiVitamin BodyBlock spf20. Intensely nourishing protection with a velvety finish! 20% OFF!!
Do we have a hashtag for All Staff?
Using YOLO to make your sentence sound cool, like, "Just bought underwear, YOLO!"
Laughing SO HARD right now! 😄😂😃
What treats or deserts have you made out of Medifast products?
love it!!
I guess i can't be part of your new cool life :p
Praise the LORD! // “: Doctor says "God is smiling on us" scan is completely clear”
Where is that feature? Back in Oct. of LAST YEAR I was supposed to have an interview. Where's that at?
Going to Ms. Harris first thing Tomorrow
You sound like my hubby. Grown boys love those types of toys : )
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG just RT my tweet them OMG *dead*
Where am i going tonight?
#np , rise n shine
Today in Literary History: On May 1, 1923 Joseph Heller (known for CATCH-22) was born in New York.
I believe the death of OBL means the most famous beard in the world now belongs to Congrats!
in other news, I still don't care about tim t's politics.
Nothing makes you love #columbus like the #doodah parade. Super fun as usual.
ahh crap... Sorry about that. I totally understand how much that sucks. We're looking into that.
Take Your Meds Or Get A Hobby...Whatever Comes First!!
This weekend has been insane. Seriously, too much for one person to handle. almost glad its over. almost. #intense Good Night!!!!
morning girl
thanks RT : hey ma I need ya email so I can send u beats for a colab
i guess i'm committed to maintaining my #klout score now....lol
The show had a successful run in Minneapolis before it came to NYC. Many ppl didn't understand Judy's tumultuous life
We have submitted 3 of the 9 proposals we need to submit to the City of Chicago by May 31.
@ the end of the day it'll pay off @ least u won't b one of these chics with mad kids many baby daddy's and no life-props 2 u
Job seekers now outnumber openings six to one, the worst ratio since the government began tracking open positions in 2000.
We will bring you periodic baseball updates on Twitter. There is Live Video and Audio courtesy and Live Stats via the NAIA.
In the end we're all Jerry Springer Show guests, really, we just haven't been on the show.
Black Team Wins the 2010 Basketball Classic! Final score 133-124.
AH! on ! Can't help myself, I love everything !
soo dance excercise was fun today
Cello Fury performs a FREE show this Friday @ the Red Ring, 7-9 pm, 1015 Forbes Ave. c u there!
Aye Dude! Thanx 4 tha add! Hope to work with you soon bro. i got things comin up. See ya!
"Please follow me! It would make my life! I love you <33 (:"
so you prefer a non interested owner that lives in the UK/Europe. even Roman doesn't go to every match
Slowly getting back on the festival train. OPEN just got submitted to NY's Rooftop Films and the San Antonio Film Festival.
yes. That is extremely important.
Are you serious???
“: RT : Hey Steelers Nation How Y'all Like Me Now?? #OldSlow&Done << Keep it classy” but this jerk was never classy
But the Lakers took 7 games to even get to OKC though....Niccas Is Tired Out There Boy
I'm there shitbag!
Brilliant, fellas.
Welcome to SheaMoí Naturelle™ all of our products are 100% natural, and jewelry is handmade. Stay tuned for special sales!
I know where the #loveoftech comes from now!
No expectations, no disappointments, no worries!!! Life is in perfect order.
yea u fool
Two days behind on #nanowrimo word count. Need to find my muse
Bourbon and cigars in the southern night.
Tell all your friends to follow us on twitter :)
Editing what we've shot so far from #LearnFromTheMaster and it's looking great!!! Is #DSLR the way to go??? I still like #Film - #16mm -
MILW FIGHT FANS: Tune into 102.9 FM The HOG at 8:45 am Monday morning for a major 2009 WI State Fair main stage entertainment announcement.
Watching #MakeItorBreakit and its getting intense..
Personally, I liked this recall much more when we discussed the issues that caused the recall to begin with.
Sunday, 5/6, 9-3pm: Come cheer on Avon Walk for Breast Cancer walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ tshirts! Stop by or stay all day!
I'm in pain I just got hit in the face with a basketball
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy the celebration in Lexington!
honestly, wet/dry sandpaper 220 & 400 grit with give you a smooth surface. I would wrap the sandpaper on a block to make a good tool.
Franchise Tax Board: Busy updating our fact sheets for the upcoming filing season.
Why can't you just answer my question....?!:(
I seem to be operating on the fallacy that checking email more increases the chance what I want will appear there.
You know what but fuck it,
LOL would love to hear it! We'll rate it for ya!
2012 is a Leap year. Dance with us for heart health Feb. 29 @ Park West 6 p.m. Leaping optional! Great fun! Stay tuned!
practical advantages to finding points of agreement. This seems to me the result of using frames that fit the facts & digital
A called strike three while looking? FUCK YOU.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom. _George Washington Carver
they do say that don't they? Well if that's how the saying goes...
JEN 2012 = Lousiville. Here I come!
Kobe Bryant is back! 40 points..❤💜💛
Are you a fan or a follower of Christ?
RT if you're single.
"ok so you wanna take the second floor! Umm courtney its a highway exit not a floor hahahaha"
wrote it myself :)
Always watching in noisy McNally's (when not at the game), I rarely get a chance to hear the Cauldron on tv. Loving it.
ouch...you could use that as a marketing hook - "Worst Game Ever" (not that it is). Going to try this out
Wow!:) I'm so appreciative that you love me on #HartOfDixie <3 That means so much to me!
Seriously sleeping in till like 4 tomorrow...only 4 thought b/c I have practice at 4:30
My stomach is doing #'s. Let me get up&cook breakfast!
Run the World (Girls). Hits #9 on iTunes Top Single chart in less than 24hrs! #BOOM !!
Um, it's your fault i'm addicted to this shit. How about you buy me photoshop so I can keep making edits of your sexiness? k?
Happy birthday to May all your days be filled with chicken dances. Cc:
deadass my mom laughs at ur videos and i just stay their laughing at my mom laughing at you
: because the wrath is real! Especially comin from
You all need to follow the REAL She RT's fans A LOT.
me too... But you really should get one!!
March 3: The Mike Daniels Trio (Jazz at Mumbai Cuisine)
R.I.P. Marie Colvin, Remi Ochlik, and everyone who has died in the fight for freedom in Syria.
I was wonderin the other day if you had fallen off the other side of the planet, what you been up to?
I'm not sure 10x would be right if Noah's ankle is still "sprained". That is IF the Bulls actually get out of this series.
Sleeping is my drug,The bed is my dealer,the alarm clock is the police, and school is the prison
Thanks Amy for the #FF. Have a great weekend!!
i still drink a lot so that doesnt help at all lmao
I though I was bipolar umm I guess not
NEVER SAY NEVER.. BRAZIL SAYS NEVER SAY NEVER
#NoDisrespect intended to anyone but is the new way of spelling Angel > Angle or are we on #AprilFools #OverTime. Been seeing this a lot lol
#Verizon is getting the iPad on Oct. 28th. Maybe this is a sign there is an iPhone in the works too?
Never sacrifice who you are just because someone else has a problem with it.
when I know I look like crap and he says I look beautiful>>>>
I don't think they have the heat on in here on the weekends. Brrr!
Royal Ink!! Let's Go!!
crib or studio?
Nothing wrong with my leg just B-boy limpin' : Shake Your Rumppppah!
wth?! We could still be out!
McNabb was a great player, no denying that.
its awesome I figured you would tweet about it today!
Yeah. The top left and bottom right are twins! :)
For me, much of the value of the degree was from my assistantship. Gave me good, concrete examples to talk about.
Nice to be here. Now stop pooping on my couch.
Gzzzzz I should have had my dad drive me all around the country. Just because it's earth day
isn't that someone's sig on exhale?
Rest in peace, Dick Clark. Truly a pioneer. As people trying to make a music television show ourselves, we definitely respect his work.
I'm still debating whether I should try and go to South Afrika or not.
Flash mobs :)
Kudos to Hawks' PA team for playing Muse's "Map of the Problematique". Probably one of the best playoff hockey songs out there. Nasty track.
Lol , Hey Sus , Cali Ain't With Me Girl But Fish Go Get Mugged.
wow!!! Major prayers!!!
A big congratulations to and her dad! I'm so blessed to have you in my life; I love you! 💗
And its on.
thanks so much! it means a lot to me, and thanks for the RT.
I CAN DO ALL THINGS THROUGH CHRIST, WHO STRENGTHENS ME.
Farewell Chicago! Farewell #AWP2012! See you next year Boston and
Buffett May Unveil Heir Soon
I know, right? I've noticed that too.
One Direction are officially in Auckland, New Zealand :) safe & sound!
she's not doin' the Walmart tour - that's Keri Hilson's spot. Kim is only booked for TinyChat Live Streams sponsored by PayPal
Looks like everyone got shitfaced last night. Even mum. Glad you all had a good time.
How's this: your recent article about downtown redevelopment was dead on. City of SD is in grad school, best to stay in school...
check your email inboxes!
he's a sweetheart<3
BREAKING NEWS: Scientists have discovered a cure for a bad case of the Mondays! All you need is a half pound burger. We have 'em for $5!
Why pay people to do a job if I'm going to have to deal with problems caused by their job. I want to own it if I have to fix it.
With raw condos selling in the Village for as high as $5,000/SF, townhouses still seem like a great bet
RT "If a company offers to buy you in cash, ask for stock. If stock, get paid in cash." -
wow! looks like such a fun program! Great activities!
Jake moved the tv outside tonight and grilled for some of our friends. So far perfect evening!
ight sounds like a plan ma dude. If your gonna get a new glove hit me up
ashamed that my twitter is so friggin' boring. i shall strive to be more entertaining.
Off to Jazzercise!
Sitting in your room watching Jenna Marbles videos on a friday night, and realizing how lame you are, and how you have no friends.
yes I do
LT...Or however u spelled his name
We're have one additional Brews 'N Brackets winner we're trying to contact who won a $50 Tavern gift card: screen name "padajim". To...
absolutely! I'll have to have you over to see our new place.
No, im still thinkin about it though!
should be on rob dyrdek's fantasy factory
nice. Love that place.
You poor guy. Work, work, work
Designing for yourself is too hard. I am indeed my own worst critic.
Somebody call the police, cuz i'm about to kill the shit it of my legs o
Did that link come through via DM?
WLA missed you, too, Annie! :)
BREAKING NEWS James Franco arrested for molesting 27 5th graders during #oscars performance
34 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
congrats on winning!!! Keep following us for more chances to win during our 12 Days of Free Pizza!
The mom from good luck charlie 👍
Wed. night @ TryOuts is drag night! open to all 18 & up. BYOB! Join us @ 5500 Babcock
First session: digital vs. print, from storyboard to digital delivery
drinking awesome coffee is on my Seattle to-do list... So many choices though.
Who here is from Brazil?
Its hard to believe we've been here over an hour and Evan has yet to flash his junk around.
Are you sure?
The person with the most tweets telling people to follow WINS! Winner gets a signed ticket from a previous show! READY SET GO!
Off to compete in the Wisconsin Highland Games! Go Milwaukee Scots!
yeah, they got all that new fangled technology! Lol! Have these guys seen a game before?
Who's ready for the #rangers to dominate tonight? Come watch with your friends !
Seriously, what's with these shitty angles at the Phillies/Nats game?
I bet you're SO excited to finally see me tomorrow!
Correction on number 15. has just informed me that the last one on there is , not just Luke Bryan. ;)
1st intermission. Time to flip to NHL Network for the end of The Road to The Cup!! Ah...memories
FREAKING OUT. I keep hearing this buzz in my room ,and I know its a fly but I cant locate it. IM ON NINJA MODE RIGHT NOW ಠ_ಠ
It's funny to me when people who are having pre-marital sex look down on people who aren't married with kids.
Climate is what you expect: weather is what you get
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
Whoah! Where did the time go!
awkard racist vid in history with like 70% of Somalians in our class #op😳
Everybody Deserves Music: A Project of the Los Angeles Leadership Academy's Charitable Life on Crowdrise
Send me a wink
there is a rumor Peter that your first guitar was found in a storage locker this past week, it true? you ever lose a locker?
What is forgiven is usually well remembered :)
I will be spinning super funky dynamite soul music down tonite starting at 10pm. Packers and Brewers and sweet soul music!
Dan we are on. Following your work. We take the time to see your video. We copy & send also to , our mother boat.
who has tumblr?
Hey Zayn (: My Day Is Very GOOD And Yours? (:
It's a sweet bike! : Just wanna make sure no one takes a picture : hasn't tried a 300cc Vespa
Tom Gabel was the cocoon for Laura! Be happy! Emerge in peace. You are loved!
Can you ask for a better day? Open your windows, go up to your roofs, lay on your lawns. Get outside GH!
It will motivate. It's all GOTV for the most part, and this helps.
The vibe is strong with u my son
I just don't want to offend anyone. We've discussed this haha.
Beliebers Can Trend What You Can In 10 years, In 10 Seconds ;) Kidrauhl And Beliebers :)
This weather legit hates my hair.
Wow what a lame question ... Way to get into the weeds Wolf
Boy do time flys (its suppose to be when you're having fun). . . .but I was bored ----> o.0 lol"
i cant find where i put your number... so i'll just give you mine, ok?
Aint nothin wrong wit shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?
agreed!!! “: Why do cloudy days make people drive so so slow?”
My first cup of coffee, the morning after my son's cancer surgery. It went well, we have been blessed, and my coffee tastes great!
Peace Day 2011 is looking for PERFORMERS of all kinds, COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS to set up booths FREE, TRAVELING YOUTH BASKETBALL TEAMS!!!
1st speed painting tonight. Stand by...
I got you my dude, had a few complications over the weekend, I spoke to Black about it. 2morrow fo'sho
I got an A in Guitar Theory, an A in History, an A in Statistics, and a B in Physics. :)
How did I miss for FF? Fun blog to read
Guess who has a brand spanking new #HH menu?? Best one in town. Check out our website for details.
Like it! :You can’t focus on your blessings & your problems at the same time.The one that has your focus will shape your thinking
will do baby boo <3
We are on the bus headed up to Nashville for Pre-K Day on the Hill!
hopefully the neighborhood will get some peace.
Igor: I heard the strangest music from the upstairs kitchen and I just... followed it down. Call it... a hunch. Ba-dum chi.
I wanna work with until the day I die. This guy is the truth!
thank you
Thank you for the follow!
You can’t lose what you never had. You can’t keep what’s not yours. And you can’t hold on to something that doesn’t want to stay. #TLS"
Re: debut game. 3K capacity. Thanks! “: Cass Tech is about 90% full. Flares and smoke bombs after the goal.”
#Trump sent a terrible message selecting #Arsenio, who was extremely unprofessional & verbally abusive to
Sounds great. I'll keep lunch open.
Answer: both. Though it's easier to build profiles for incumbents than candidates. Yours look empty, we'll work on it!
Big dance! #rockchalk !
Aw shucks, my GIF didn't work! I'll have to give it another go.
Have a WONDERFUL Birthday today!!! Welcome to adulthood ;)
When I suggested a scared straight program to ex-offenders, they straightened me out w/ ~Young boys have enough fear, what they need is love
So excited for #believe!
Woohoo! Just downloaded my e-copy of and 's Design is a Job.
aw thanks you pretty hot yourself!;)
45 minutes, 9 phone calls and 4 health insurance reps later, I still don't have a dentist appointment.
Thnx for quick reply! Is there also a way to make Mac Camtasia highlight mouse clicks (the red circle effect)?
Thanks to everyone coming over from
Licking Cats
So, "Live Mas" is 's tagline on their website. Do they realize that mas means more in English?
“: I feel like #Kegasus is from Wisconsin. #Preakness.” I wish someone would name a race horse "Beer 30."
Just plopped down at the bar at the Twin Kegs, ruining my work out - sorry Kyle.
Boo Boo Stewart is fascinated by DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
I had a very productive day at ACTORFEST on Saturday! I also attended an open call for Grant Wilfey Casting!
Mitt not look like a punk? Unpossible.
Im gna be geeked if I can perform at Ragefest next year!
Laughing uncontrollably with my friend. lol
Thanks for following :) Looking forward to seeing the Team Aero Fund members out and about soon!
CONGRATZZZ! hope it went well!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a girl gets mad at you on the field so she decides to practically kill ur toe and now it's swollen and looks huge-_-
My #fridayreads are The Paris Wife and Flannery.
Not so much your grammar as your perspective. You went from 2nd person to 1st. Which I guess is grammar. Sorry, it's Friday.
“: mark your calendar for March 23rd. It's our CD release conert.” come see us at Adair's on Satuday!
Oh man, that's a good show. Unless you meant just watching a movie about actual terriers. Which also would be good.
Started to wade into online political debate. Played the tape through to the end. Skipped the online political debate.
Tonight was the official end of my #glee obsession.
The #soundersfc are giving away free t-shirts right now down at the 'march to the match'
Lovely day to celebrate our EARTH. Happy Earth Day everyone. We are always here w/paninis containing fresh products from the Earth.
It's not about how clever you can be with technology, it's about how good your service is. MindFirstFitness
Are you a chaser?
This mix tape is simply amazing.
I have family there and visit. Really excited for the World Cup too. An interesting country at an interesting point in time.
So Chris wants to fight a QB, real cool dude. Why don't you fight another TE, like Vernon Davis. Hahaha little bitch
"Slut" is not an acceptable word on Words with Friends? Bogus.
I can't say I wouldn't kill them. I'd be pissed at them for hacking me, so I'll probably snap. But that's just me, haha
Congrats Brenchel.... on being mediocre and annoying as hell!
I want to go home..
Does this show I'm missing something obvious? Any help GREATLY appreciated!
Woo ! We Gonna Rock ettt ! \m/.
You were the best chauffeur we ever had!!!
I've been hiding that side of me wanting you.<3
I've cut people out of my real life whom I've know for 20 years... What makes you think I won't Twitter-block someone I've never met?
I started off the day by walking into a huge spiderweb. I feel like I need a shower now.
True: We got a bad, BAD man yesterday! A TERRORIST, former plotter to kill innocent Americans!!
My life is forever over!!!!
Next time I come up to Chicago for a meeting, I'll take a little side trip and stop in your store! We can have lunch. :)
have fun....yea
": I love you Lucille :) I love you olive <3" love you more
U made producers cry then stand & cheer 2nite w/ that piece! Bravo 2 U & Jared. cc:
Thanks! So glad you loved the #video and that it brings you joy every time you watch it. 100 + times.
make your special flavors and cruise times highlights on your timeline!
maybe now you'll have more time to tweet!
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. Jim Rohn
Just got out of the gym....chest is Super tight! :D
my mom says i'm tew rude and holy water should be poured down my throat.
zay you know it is the truth
Full-time in house web designer needed at ShermansTravel.com to work on site redesign & other new products! If you're interested DM me asap!
...but some careers can be "training" free. ;)
Samantha O'Reilly and Mrs. Reamo, you are both the best there ever was!!!! Thank you buches and bunches and bunches!!!
At too much pizza at once.
Summer. Summer. Summer.
Heyo! RT If Magic Johnson can run the Dodgers, perhaps one day Michael Jordan will run the Bobcats.
And and RT : One more month till i see again with ! <3
Damn Kobe why you do em like that the nigga was dazed lmao
100% Profit Channel Partner deal! To arrange a call for further info and a general chat about how we work, reply or call 0844 880 2010
Working on my last paper for english. Thank the Lord!!
what the ?! Lul using her user name as a bad word is actually pretty fun.
what's that pm about... Looks like a virus
Chiefs looked good. Chargers look better. Oy.
Watching the new years celebration makes me want to go back to NYC! Maybe I'll make it back in 2012.
Good luck Coach. Hope you get it!
Podcasting the #lcwhy series by - Going to live life with my God today and be in His presence
Listening to the #EDUCAUSE webinar on the GA State Copyright Case
We're all excited to have Shauna join. Thanks for the mention.
: who are your top 5 teams as of now?”. Cuse ain't losing with melo
I tear my heart open just to feel.
Praise God man! Pumped for u guys!!
Christian Grey <3
More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent. - William Ashley -- Knows Ebay ()
