Bets on whether or not Boehner's envelope contains crazy purple knock-out gas.
normal!!! You should be used to failing....I'm gonna go shave my legs
you're very welcome! :)
thank you & have fun over there!
It's SUSAN!!! So happy to see a tweet of yours fly by!!! LOVE!!!
is a sneaky bitch on gchat (cave dwelling arab)
Nas is that dude
I guess today marked our 1st official date, too bad Tron sucked
killin it though
These butterflies never stopped <3
Happy Friday? Big plans this weekend?
go to
Lol! Connecting our folks to make this world a better place!
so much for that thought! Is Pats D that good or Ravens O bad? I go the latter.
Whenever someone compliments me i feel like i'm obligated to compliment them back
Watching teen mom!(:
I love being retweeted (:
ur crushin the game with the new hair, darker look!
The Civil Rights Division is the conscience of the Department of Justice. ~ Attorney General Eric Holder
Listening to zac brown band and just getting REALLY excited for summer! 2 more weeks! (:
“: #YoMommaSoFat the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses.”smh hahaha
cause i wanted to was that a problem
Come alive
it saddens me,out of all the people in our great nation,that this is the only people we get to elect from as our president
Are you doing anything today for caffeine awareness month?
have too read it yet and good morning to you
this sandwhich is the shit! but my jaw hurts tryN to chew it..
ATTENTION INTERNET: Our website's server is down for some maintenance. To the angry horde dying to see our website today, please be patient.
Kirk Cameron isn't homophobic, just brainwashed.
! Congratulations on the Cynopsis marketing awards nomination for the National Geographic Kids app!
Attempting to learn MJ's "Beat It" on me ukelele :3
Some nifty news - Builda the Re-Bicycler for the iPad comes out April 20th (my birthday). And for the 1st 24hrs, it will be FREE.
Have you condsidered what you will need to properly display your brand?
Nice! I'm doing some similar research on the revolution of "connected humanity in project based work environments"
watching a man try to skewer his rat-sized sperm with a shower curtain rod while on a blind date. ...omg, it has teeth!! lmao!
We will either find a way or make one. -Hannibal
#beingaredhead It was like torture being a redhead as a child sometimes, but it has shaped me into a mother who celebrates difference.
Tonight earth night club! 18+ glow stick/lazerparty!
I'm a San Antonio Spurs fan! Win or Loose!!!
That's true! I tell my stylist to cut my hair in a way so it looks better the dirtier it is. Meaning more bed-headier
Thanks for sharing Paul!
When I get old, I never want to be on a Waller, oxygen machine, etc. take care of yourself while output can. Eat right
A pleasure!!!
You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around. You make me crazier, crazier. <3
": hey baby" hey Shugggggg I miss you much
The gallery is filled with new handmade leather wallets, money clips and handbags, as well as knit scarves, pottery, mugs, and candy dishes.
Anticipating a productive day of leadership development today!
Ah, thank you--exactly the sort of phrase I was hoping to learn! I think we share priorities :)
Mayer Hawthorne in the headphones on a nice ass day.
One Marina Homes in Redwood City is off to a great start! 7 homes sold to date, and we expect our first move-ins at the end of January.
Only 2 more months to the start of the new nba season!!! LA Lakers vs LA Clippers @ 10:30 PM EST
& eating froot loops.
We should never wear them again. No matter how many times you think the Generals just might pull it out they alway lose.
"Life is the art of drawing without an eraser." - John W. Gardner
Dead Dougie would make me sadpanda :( Glad to hear it was a situation easily resolved!
THAT'S A TWEET!! I WANT A TEXT DAMMIT!! Lol IM SPOILED! 
i wish dogs could talk so they could tell us why
A simple product 2 make in our own America..Walking crutches...When did we lose the heart to manfgr a simple product like aluminum crutches?
You know you're a good writer when you start using jokes you wrote for earlier screenplays in newer stuff.
Thanks for following ! We're excited to share news and updates with you!
really? I heard bocciball.
Obama has blamed all of his problems on Bush, Congress and now the Supreme Court. he has no one left but himself to blame now!
" I #needaFIJI. I just mowed the lawn and its the ONLY water I drink!!
When people start singing What Makes You Beautiful at a Nevershoutnever concert... Smh
im bored in class so im just writing random shit :p
We see nearly 2x the activity from our users on Sunday versus Saturday.
highly disappointed when I went to the office fridge to find I forgot my lunch on the counter at home.
He'll have all offseaon to recover if they lose.
positive vibe T's have you seen them? great t's with a POSITIVE msg!
Tired af ready to go to da house n take me a nap 💤💤👍
Love falling asleep to the sound of a washer/dryer
The fuck am I doing on a desktop computer while my new laptop is in a box in the next room?
Filled with manic thoughts that I can finish my rough draft this week. Will I pass the Kerouac test and write it in 3 weeks?
deep breath. deep breath.
If you're not against #redevelopment yet, this fact should sway you.... It's endorsed by many of your local politicians. (Welcome aboard!)
Boy's dog eating my phone = much needed upgrade! No Blackberry for the first time since 2007.
no the trick to staying alive is to be covert and attack only when you have to unless you look like your dead
Totally Agree RT : Perhaps "community" is not group of people but safe space for nurturing dialogue/participation
plan b as in aquire the fire? Be the mission
Don't want to say goodbye to summer, even though it's been a HOT one. Love summer & always miss it. Let's print some t-shirts!!
Another Arab American for #ff! RT : as well!
come to my office 'cuz you have to drive...
thanks for following!!(=
I love you
m nutella. reminds me of when i was in France as a young boy.
Worried about your followers....need to get your dollars up.
Turn on game...10 seconds later Big Baby gets injured. Make it stop.
China has the least amount of media transparency. Finland has the most.
yes?????my Team is out the Playoffs am i now allow to talk about other teams????
Where I Go: Hugh Hefner - Vanity Fair
time to buckle down and get some work done.
And, where did you make the comment about 3 days of LesaCon? Cracks me up.
Standard features include heated and cooled leather seats, genuine wood trim, and a 14 speaker (!) 600 watt sound system
no the one in our study hall and that's a necktie he hates me hHa
AWESOME! RT Exactly. RT : Social shouldn't be its own channel, it should be supporting every other channel.
salad is delicious! thanks again roomie : )
Saturday - 1/29/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
It feels like June outside! We're super busy fixing a lot of broken air conditioners today.
i love when people randomly stop talking to me.
Eli is hitting his prime run right now, I say get him a sick No.1 WR, aka Calvin Johnson type, to line up with Nicks and Cruz. Add TE, done!
These annoying girls tweet me every 5 seconds.
WHO LEFT SNICKERS IN MY OFFICE!!??
#HowToMakeItInAmerica ... Be Sexy and people will take pictures of you and ask you to wear clothes and walk around on a stage.
Wait a minute, Anna Amelia Pratt? Wonder if Laurie Pratt (the reclusive editor) is related? Hmm
yeah and then you die
Feels like a Moe's Thursday
where you at in jersey?
OMG!!! How long r u gone to France for?!? I miss you!!!
I just had the urge to run and start doing back handsprings in Lambeth courtyard. Eh, but I won't.
me too! But also a realist ... #
The only way I can explain it is I have a handful of Twitter followers there. But I have never been there or written about it.
I feel like I'm in SE7EN. It rained every day of the week for the entire movie. Now all we need is a psycho going around murdering people!
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth I wish that I could have this moth for life
Please do not run for reelection. There's a plot in the ether to do you harm.
DAMN YOU raspberry jam, with your tireless, evasive, torturous seeds!
Lebron James and Jay Z&#39;s Controversial Handshake
Craig Sager, you continue to out do yourself
You a waste of the space that you take up living.
Just tweeted that. Nice work.
on to the next one ;)
Cool mission statement: Wheaton College exists to help build the church and improve society worldwide.
We need to do a better job of onboarding new board members
thanks, sunshine! Hope it goes smoothly.
Boff, Marry, Kill? Your 5th grade teacher, Mr Rogers. and all the dudes in Your Favorite Hero collectively... go!
God gave you the power... NOW USE IT!! It's time!!!
I'm in class lol but I can stay & chill after my 11 o clock class
This is weird
Oops no. No beard no love
lol we sure did.
Okay. Do not text or message me first if you're not going to reply.
Heading to #refreshaustin tonight for the first time in a while. Hoping to make it to more meetups this year!
Another parking ticket! Hooray!
Hmm. Probably can't sweet talk my way past that.
Great! We're in the center of room (wearing plaid skirt). Catch up at next break?
ok monday sounds good :-)
Meeting with Christian business folks sharing leads and referrals as well as how to do our business better.
Question of the Day: What is the best DIVE BAR in MKE and Why? ......GO!
Is there any availability on you 4:45 flight from midway to Atlanta?
Saints and Giants.
what did you do?
I've been to homestead before, nbd :}
My recording of "There never will be another you" aired on 89.3 FM WPFW. Aloha Washington DC!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet All ICONicaz all around the World :]
Smile, happy looks good on you. (:
YESTERDAY is History, TOMORROW is a Mystery and TODAY is a Gift so we call it the PRESENT!
Yeah, and he brought it up during the interview last night...when we were talking about Twitter etc.
Instead of "running errands" I just walked them, and it was way more pleasant and neighborhood-y. Avoiding the auto as much as possible...
hey somebody get charles barkley a 76ers jersey and showem how its done!!
YES HE DOES
!quitePssibly but Perhaps($input){}
I'm jelouse of all these girls with good relationships with good people. Cause its just not happening for me.
I still enjoy the first half of Batman 89. The second half is garbage. Keaton rocks, though.
Thou shall not smoke up my kush cuz you smoking brown bomber
texting my sista we bored!
Well my day jus got fucked up quick ass hell
I had 48 things on my blog about the notes I got on my Alan/Trotta videos and I got no followers hahahaha.
but I miss your face! I am on vaca next week but we need lunch very soon after that.
Girls following me from harpo...
I was too cheap to buy that Nails record on $/minute grounds. Isn't that awful? But I'm poking at that Spotify business. Hm.
Husband leaves in 14 days. Not the ideal situation but at least I'll be busy.
can't message you back but I'm working on it. Would love to help you
I either find myself thinking way too much or not at all ... :)
thanks for your RT support of our new FB page!
Ah, fermenting cider, gladdening the hearts of all who experience it! In a few days time, our first batch will be complete. Stay tuned!
Slate reporting that Miley Cyrus "smokes way too much weed" is the best news I've heard all month.
RT : The bank of love is never bankrupt. ~ Steve Maraboli
Sprinting toward the finish line
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
There is a wild beach ball game going on in the theater.
Thanks for the Retweet! And thanks again for the King Award - we are so pumped!
I'm superman, my bitches super fly ( ;
I came from nothing.
Last weekend of Medea.... then finals....GREAT!
power house sold out! thank god i got my tickets already.(:
I fell asleep and have no idea what I read. I love e-books though. Got Kent a Sony E-Reader last x-mas. Now I have a mini one too. sorta
follow back! :)
Finna get in the shower until Lakers game come on....
Gonna be a nice weekend
follow me please? :) you are so Pretty<3
travel safe my friend.
The wind is blowing, the music is pumping, head to the Cow for a mooracious Sunday afternoon! Giddy UP!
good one. it was nothing directed towards you although I thought about you
I don't think it's a formal written language, but it doesn't matter. Universal level of illiteracy over there. Culture&Religion.
cant wait til tomorrow
concert in February looked so sick! Man, should've went!
I could very well be the only guy on the earth who could care less about the NBA playoffs.
You know, I would get on more but it's just not like it used to be. Nobody talks to me anymore but you and It's just changed
thank you
message me your email address and Ill sing to you Send you MP3s
I posted a very rough draft of the video game award doc into Google. I'm open to any and all feedback.
Ginna please don't love me
Watching Monsters Inc. <3
These people are not of this earth.
May the Fourth be With You!
no brow, we are go tomorrow in the morning !
sure would love the 30 buck card so i can get alot of the original fish tacos today
Getting ready to face the hockey masses coming in for #NYRNJD, Game 2 at !
"Webinar." One of the least attractive words in the English language. I'm going to lengthen it to "online seminar." Ah...much better.
Moving on ... & nevr looking back !
congrats dad!
. VA needs conservative leadership to move forward. Help us take back the State Senate with your vote this
Miami, FL- need females for B.E.T. model search campaign. No nudity. Pay is (tba) (Casting Code B3)
lmao. go to bed!
Love the movie! Def a favorite!
Workin on some new bling and some bag designs too! Maybe ready at the shop tomorrow
#hoodcerealnames Coca Puffs
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
broken links
No lie, thats one of the cleanest Publix' ive ever seen! Baldwin Park is like a city of its own.. It sure aint Orlando
B-A-H LIVE tonight...10p...Maison on Frenchmen!
this week is going to be long. :(
Okay...maybe not. ;) Best of luck in your new adventure.
That's great. I'm happy for u. Hope u make a lot of tips too.;)
SUN @ THE SMILING MOOSE = OPEN @ 2pm, $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS During THE BUCS GAME, $3 JEREMIAH SWEET TEA VODKA Drinks ALL DAY! KITCHEN OPEN!
I read on Kobo, Nook Color and Sony Wifi. The last two are best for PDFs I found.
Thank you :)
Hey you! Bloodys and Beignets this Saturday or next 830a?
OMFG! ive Heard about u b4 your so annoying! u just remind of like a donkey
Text me
One of the best I've ever gone too. Probably the last time we'll see Flynn as starter in the green & gold.
FOLLOWING SPREE AUSTIN :D 💚
I'm sorry im not the most beautiful the most popular,the smartest,but that's who I am and if u really<3me you'll stay
Eve Ensler speaking about 's generosity & spirit of sisterhood. Beautiful example of leadership and friendship.
Sure, but this whole discussion is about the Federal govt being functional or not. R's often want it to be not.
#Goodnight Twitter!!
School is tomorrow i cant sleep...imma be late maybe....dont wanna go to school ugh ah
. Thanks. Looking forward to your posts and I'll keep you in mind!
3k followers! :D #Swag! thanks so much everyone! :D
PTO request sent for July!
Only in Miami do people continue to block the intersection.
": oop I see that is was not delivered imma come tomorrow" so are moving your day to Thursdays now?
love the good feeback! We are happy when you are happy. Come see us sooner than later!!
Now she says "that guy has tiny little nipples."
RT : You know you really disenjoyed a book when, days after finishing it, you wake up glad you don't have to read it any more.
Tiny and ti, just might be the next great addictive trashpiece of a reality show
I'll send you my faves when I get home
why didn't you send one...?
Sometimes, saying "I love you" first, gives the other person more power. Lesson learned.
she's a wild flower apparently.
It's Tuesday and that means kids eat free! Come grab a Burrito or 5!
created the perfect morning vibe. Everyone is dancing n jumpin to his music. This place is where its at! Where u?!
omg you are perfect.
what model?
Are you a #meetingplanner planning to bring a group to #Indianapolis? Contact us for expert advice on all things Indy.
Good now you can be one of many !
Yeah, one witty tweet a day is about all I can muster
OMG! RT : St Martin's signs new book: Never Fall In Love At the Jersey Shore by Jwoww & Ronnie bit.ly/92Kg9z
RT : Warner should NOT be ranked #1. Gruden should have been.
sure I'll check it out
ED ROBINSON ALBUM - The New York Top 20 Reggae Album/Cd's Chart "WRITTEN IN STONE" is
Lot of stuff to do and not a lot of time to do it in. Allons-y!
Goin to the animal shelter with
"Symphony of a Thousand" Mahler 8 @ the Shrine Sat was sublime. Now that's some harmony! Congrats
You mild or you wild
Well, I jumped up, turned around, spit in the air, fell on the ground and asked him which was the way back home.....
about to head to first class meeting for grad seminar on Hawthorne and Melville. Requiring tweeting this semester.
What’s your favorite Christmas special or movie of all time?
At a #DSLR class. First comment from instructor, "you don't take pictures, you make pictures".
awww how sweet!! I love you :)
It was My So Called Life (rye ro ralled rife)... & I just realized I meant 90's reference. Sigh, nonsense drinking games.
I'm bout it today lol
What about the Jackets? Any love for the #CBJ ?
hey thanks for the follow! "like" us on facebook! p.s love the quote
R u claiming he lies when he says his Faith was his real inspiration in his professional career ?
Inside every person there are giftings and treasures which need to be discovered, developed and deployed in order for a person to...
Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart.
RT : who y'all play against? -- marines, navy, air force then it's a pro am tourney in Vegas
going on a limb here. Feel like Cole could b next Scherzer. All the stuff. Doesnt know how to use it. .277 BAA worrisome
That wonderful moment when it make u up artist said "you have flawless skin" hehe
What is your motivation right now?
Robert Griffin The Third told the Colts "No" to a workout, hahah.
and I'm still bumping that till I die
I keep on forgetting I have a cheap condo with my name on it in Florida through work. Who wants to go?
wish I was there! Sounds super interesting.
O Butler bout to take this shitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
yeah but that's pretty inappropriate. I've fired someone before for similar comments. Shows bad judgement.
Since my dad is the worst husband ever, I need to play double the "good-daughter" role for my mom today.
Captain America is amaZingness packed into one person
Loved the Block Printer. Humans are ExtraOrdinary, all over the world. Thanks for walkin' in encounters with amazing ppl.
haha I'm not even sure what your talking about. I'm not sure what context your using options in.
Kickin butt and taking names in Econ!!!
& the nigga came runnin back like i said.
glad you came?
We have a tough data instructor, -- "Don't let the pivot table muscle you. U muscle the pivot table."
you know what that is just not acceptable. we can no longer be friends....oh wait we never were
NOT FOR EVERYBODY
You know, I wanted to see Avengers mostly because I hoped to see the new #TDKR trailer, which I already have. I'll still go. Lol
From the Dell Social Command Center: 695 #DellCAP mentions so far in 24 hours.
good on everything 👌
I am having a real issue with an ever-expanding currently-reading shelf on
thank you my friend ^_^ God bless you too!
birthday boy today lol :) i feel old lol but thanks everybody for a happy birthday :)
yea they are really talented! I need to listen to more of them :)
i will hold out for shotguns. i don't do the bow thing. good luck!!!
Have a wonderful weekend all!!!
Who is participating in the San Diego Race for #Autism this weekend?
I've never used an entire eraser, they always get lost.
happy st. paddys day friends deals on green ipods
Thanks James Xee you there 7pm PST RT : Looking forward to talking . with guest . tomorrow
Any other Portland folks I know hitting the Black Dice show tonight?
Loling at the fact that my dad is actually getting mad over the fact that some people like #brusters over #handels 🍦🍧
#sca2012 Now the NARA Wikipedian. Would like to see more cultural institutions involved.
Everyone in the contest! If you are on Tweet Limit just wait 2 hours then try tweeting again! you have until 11pm so keep going!
Lived there for 5 years, went to college there.
Hey Charlotte! Join us tonight at the Chop Shop @ 6 for VH1 Save the Music benefit show. Great music, great cause. Come hang and support!!
C U 12/3 at for the annual vs gamewatch w/ alumni! Tip-off is 4:30PM ET. Go #Badgers!
where did you put it
I just dropped a fork on my big toe :( that's some serious pain.
Timbers' Gavin Wilkinson: our goalkeeping situation is as healthy as anyone in MLS. The full interview at 11pm on Oregon Sports Final.
my front bumper went from black to admiral red!
good luck on ur game bruh don't :D LOOLOL
see you Mon. With your arms in the air!
where did u guys get such a great deal?
Of Course We Enjoyed It.. But Knowing What Happens Next Week Is Sad... I Know Someone WHo Went Through Exactly That...
RT : Looking forward to guesting on #rteld tonight << can you autograph my TV ?
first come first served, especially since he wontlook at this for 2 more hours
i love and <3
watchout soccer moms! I have sharp elbows!
haha okay what ever you say! Believe what you want you mean absolutely nothing to me. Your probably just some stupid bitch.
looking for a Digital Producer - NYC
Yeah that don't count
No man is worth his salt who is not ready at al times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause.
RT : I wish you insight...so you can see for yourself.
I'm good you?
Any concerns about giving away too much for free? I fight that concern all the time. :)
There needs to be an approval process before people have kids. Some ppl should FLAT OUT not be allowed to be even near kids smgdh.
it's another dog-dangling afternoon
God, I sure hope so....
archivists & librarians: do you try to be active in multiple professional organizations or focus on one?
Ya'll can agree Sightglass Coffee is the spot. It's an essential visit.
#FIXVOTING ROFLOL. Many constitution loving conservatives don't know constitution & bill of rights. Don't know how bill becomes law. Sigh!
I am pissed! We r .not and now down 1 away.
as I've said before James, your daughter is very talented and certainly all grown up. Congrats!
everytime you say that I crack up hahah. He needs a fumanchu lol
so i just found out i WORK on my birthday !!!!!!!!!!-______________- its 10-7 doe so its not that bad:) but still...
Trust me... I know! lol
Is there some kind of Fox News logo for this apparent LIBRARY EBOOK WAR that we are involved in?
now I just need to figure out how to get all the cool Zimlets installed.
Packing for the and I's Honeymoon-Part II to Israel!
Being efficient as fuck with time>
love this one!! Thank you for sharing!!
thanks for the note!
Went to the beach today.
After loading software all day on new computers I think the ic5 processor is quicker than the AMD Quad-Core (all else equal)
Those cupcakes didn't taste like chicken at all! Another successful day in the kitchen.
Is social viewing the next big thing? I don't think I can chat and watch #Lost at the same time. Some people can, but not me.
Take a fist to the dome!
Spring has sprung! Book your company picnic & golf at McMenamins Sand Trap or Edgefield or a picnic & disc golf at Grand Lodge. Hop to it!
"The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it." --Peter Medawar, <<WOW, scary thought>>
Ill hit you in here in the am... Orphanz™
For us it's too late
Today will feature a segment about the artificial pancreas and a -funded trial involving Elle Shaheen. We will be...
Nothing like waking up with a cramp to start off your Saturday.
Only live 2 hours from #OSH11, but not able to go this year. Love seeing some of the warbirds and other a/c enroute flying over my house!
If you're on "Mr. Lett" we'll be watchin! go sazizzle!
Thank you to everyone who came out & supported! Thank you & for your time.
If you think talking shit about me is fun, just remember we're all insecure...
check and done! big thanks!
Many thanks, Jan :-) Hope all is well.
So... I went to my room and listened to Mudhoney and broke my stuff. No one understood me.
Brandon Weeden sneaky good #Browns pick. He will compete with Colt McCoy right away and can easily steal quarterback job
OK. Much to do today if I want to try & see #Avengers today. Have a great day, everyone!
Pg schools closed. Woo hoo snow day!
Wat u mean we no GIRLS ALLOWED
You did get the info Blog Beak was cancelled because Ashley is very ill? So sorry. Will reschedule.
when i switch lanes
what is his favorite song?!?!
Thank you everyone for all your well wishes, support and congratulations. We are so thankful to have such amazing fans, friends and family.
Anybody feel like a brownie bite midnight snack? Sweet dreams.
Anybody know a good way to get free/damaged books? I know a kid who wants to build a book fort.
NCAA title game so boring it reminded me why I hardly ever watch sports anymore, ever since I stopped betting on games. I used to be a nut.
Desktop users more likely to go straight to #pubmedia homepages (vs mobile users).
Okay....there are so many open seats..so many...why are you sitting next to ME????!!!!!
just been in grind mode player... Me you and gotta get up this week and do somethin
if I'm out of work on time!
My eye hurts D:
Woke up around 1:06am.Had a dream I was fighting 3 Sabre Toothed Tigers in the snow&Can't fall back asleep again&Still can't find a jobWTF!!
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the videoo! i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video! RT if you agree
Woke up hot AF🔥 with #oomf on my mind as usual! I love you My Queen!!❤😘😉😍
Do you support the bipartisan effort to repeal the #SGR as a long-term medicare fix?
PS you may have needed to be an adult during 80s/90s satanic panic to really get backstory. Tons of info out there if interested.
checked all your sites. Ready when you are. ;)
for the 2nd time this weekend, I was asked "who's your favorite superhero?" Kids. Everyone knows I don't play favorites.
Answered a lot of questions today. But the best by far was: Who's scarier? Skeletor or The Hamburglar?
We could really use a dominant Gallardo for the #Brewers tonight.
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
Nope. No bells ringin.
2 FT positions available at Team Maestro: Jr. Designer and Instructional Designer - contact us @
sure:D
Touche. RT : In the age of emoticons and hip-hop, we old-school grammar nerds have to stick together.
. . . Flirts with me to keep the relationship fresh . . .
loved the season premiere. So glad to have you back on my Monday nights. XOXO
You cant be that girl on television ladies, try being yourself, any guy who disses your natural form is an asshole who dont deserve you
if he do I'm not gonna fall for him again twice was good enough for me he broken me in two in it's hard to move on from that
dude I'm nearly done with prototype. I fucking hate this game.
I was going to ask if Faried has been the best rookie in the playoffs before that turnover.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 5
Pretty good game. Good photo too. Also, want to feel old? Sit in the student section!
i'm In mad mood & tired of explainin' my reasons why I don't do things, I am me and ppl are just going to have to deal with it
we spend so much time together that being apart for a day feels like decades.
Whenever a window steams up, I have to draw a smiley face.
I just got pens from - Blue, with logo and delivered to I'm as happy as can be!!!
ProTip: Don't leave a Windows 95-era recovery CD in your CD drive.
RT : 2012 National Drug Control Strategy Emphasizes Prevention, Treatment, Diversion (& we get some props too!)...
Marlin's jersey!
yes it's all my fucking fault
We’ve got all the shine, we need to find
LEGO has commissioned me to make a second stop motion video for them. Looking forward to it.
This is the First Great Weekend of the Year. Enjoy everyone. An to the Ladies "Happy Mother's Day!" Have Fun...
#ipad2 my opinion of #bestbuy just went though the roof--salesman let me access their wifi. Hallelujah
New phone holla!! And erm text me yah numbers :)
Watching The 54th Annual Grammy Awards with Viggle Sun | 8PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Happy new year everyone!!!!!
I don't think so. But it shows up under my recent purchases.
I would think Jason Moran because he does some of that too, like on his version of Crepuscule with Nellie.
lol get it together
So cool! #nerdwin RT : that's on the set of You are in an open field. You're welcome.
If u know that it would hurt someones feeling then hell dnt do it or leave that person alone
spend work time finding resources, tools that make your institutions evolve
Happy Presidents Day Obama! Um, I really don't know how to ask this but here goes. Can I see your papers Sir before the we start the party.
nice n' tight
Happy #May Day!
yeaa... i dont have any money for that
I hate shopping for skates on line. I need to physically put them on in order to feel sure. Except from Dick's Sporting Goods.
Following Spree , Soon
Absolutely move on 2 the nxt phase. Don't linger on the mistake. Waste of time
I figured out that i learn more when i watch the history channel and national geographic then i do in class lol
well at least it has a smaller percentage of brutalist/sixties block campuses than Europe! Gotta admit that. :)
#OTRC #bradpitt can you b more gorgeous ! And I love his performance in moneyball
come on in! You always have friends here! No sleeping on the bar tho :)
Lol i know... i'm on my own page.. I get my beer and you can to.... twit is getting rids.
User:BourMaximilian1810 - My wiki
Yes. The builder. Any tools in mind that might work (with a little help in outreach + design) 4 a more general crowd?
TWEETERING NOW FROM GOOGLE DRIVE AS SOON AS GOOGLE DRIVE LETS ME USE GOOGLE DRIVE
No problem! It sounds like a great event.
i know i am!:P haha
I want to say a couple words to .. In truly proud of Austin with his two single there awesome and I'm in love wit them!!
whoa , so observant. Name is for a black racist named theron cal on twitter Picture is my new beard. Like?
I think this is something like the square vs rectangle debate, but that digitized items *should* be classified/treated differently.
now following the most swagged out guy in sports biz!!!
it's like we're connected through beer!
The oddest partnership: Spiderman and OPI nail polish.
Congratulations on your new library card! ENJOY!!
Prepping for Enterprise Connect Orlando (VoiceCon to the old school) next week
what tools are you using?
Check out singing his heart out for you tonight at the Gatsby. $2 Shiner Beers and $3 Y Vodka all night. (via )
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL TweetChat, a forum for all your #TeachAbroad questions and comments!
Serious caffeine consumption&no sleep can make you a colorful but discombobulated communicator. I wil leave it there.
tommy smith <3
I need someone to work with in the weight room during the summer R/T if you wanna work with me.
oh okay, if u need any research done while u deal with that let me know.
Come to Studio City DG today until 7pm to donate at our blood drive! All donors receive $10 promo cards, treats, & chances to win prizes!
Good morning
See ya next year Kansas City! Playoff hopes still alive baby!
you're going to love it. I might go see it a second time so good!
why/how is technology or institutions made absent?
Awww... Kudos for trying b/c I'd be tgoo scared myself.
#Jeter quest to 3k hits is exciting but #MarianoRivera's quest for the save record is WAY cooler!
always remember:believe in ur faith. believe in ur goals. believe in ur love. believe in ur family. believe in ur ...
Head to where they have 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 1.50 PBRs tonight! 807 S 5th St
im a uk fan. I do think the game could be close but uk will win and it's because ul doesn't have anyone who can match up MKG.
:) How's that Mayorship feeling? Getting awfully nervous I bet. I think i'm coming into the office on Friday just to take it
RT RARE CHANDELIERS
Star Wars theme - bagpipe version. Catchy tune here at R2i.
cherry limeade.
can't wait!! And we will be hosting a pasta dinner for all of our runners the Friday of the Marathon. Details to come!
Shut the fuck up. You're an idiot. Nobody thinks you're funny but 12 year old girls. Die.
how's school
awesome! Tell your friends!
damn that's so true dude. if maxx was talking more i think it'd be a bit better
Last night was great, one more tonight in Toronto at the Rex!
U know who RT : who “: oomf had me lmao at u,”
MT : Q4. Cultivate a culture where ppl know what's important, don't freak out over little things, and actually LEAVE WORK
Dude, the freaking video didn't save...
Dont criticize other people when you yourself have faults and weaknesses.
feel kind of stalker right now. I want to reply every twitter of my following one's. Am I nuts? OMG
Summer needs to speed up. I'm getting anxious.
Frank Ocean is making love to my ears right now. yes!
Congrats to for being ranked as the #1 most influential person in the world in the corporate #eLearning sector!
RT : We will be pouring wines Sat before #MothersDay #May12 in #NWPortland! Mark your calendar!
Put Halloween mummy in front of VOTE OBAMA lawn sign to scare lame thieves away. Everyone is stealing OBAMA signs, but can't steal HOPE.
Lupia: When people learn, the brain changes at the neural level. Patterns of association = brain cells grow new memories
I'm enjoying this episode of 106n park this the tribute 2 a singer I have ever seen
I'm changing my major to Justin Bieber studies
i live in LA i think i seen chloe in a car before
Takes South By Storm, This is A Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, and Tides of Ruin @ Bethel Church, 6301 Alabama, 5:00, Friday Oct 15, $5!
They were Iraq buzzwords first. RT "Fragile and reversible" - the buzzwords on Afghan progress - surface again
Being in the car with someone who you know is mad at you <
WHOEVER TOOK MY MALIBU FUCK YOU
I am rooting for Daddy Nose Best. Can't resist a good pun!
If the studios want to convince me that 3D is worth it then don't give me dirty glasses
dear gawd I hope not.
99% of the time the actor lets the director know their not right 4 the role between the time they enter room n the time they start speaking
I cant wait for SUMMER! <3 how about you girls?? :]]*
Leaking roofs are going to give me nightmares. In the library of all places. Ugh.
Agreed- Can't wait for some baseball!
I'd tell you I love you but I'm afraid of what you'll say..
I dare say I must disagree! :)
not even a joke that's true i'm so happy
I wanted to RT this but your account is private. Nuts to that.
#AGirlDeserves to marry Harry
Jam has started the game similar to game 1's start.. playing great at both ends of the floor.. Jam lead 17-7 with 5:48 left in Q1
Welcome aboard!
i just did a jstor search for the same phrase and got results through summer 2011
Ah-mazing. Thank YOU!
nada bored as hell
dear ny weather, please get nicer so my hair stops looking like a
Where did he say this?
Penny Pingleton was robbed!
Is everyone ready to get their Don Draper on?
Thank you for the write-up. We appreciate it.
Great, thanks I will check your page out!
Happy mother's day to all the dearest mothers out there! Love to you all :*
I second this nomination.
hey Tyler, how was your day? (:
There may be other real mistakes in Redshift, but that one was deliberate.
I'm a strong left-leaning person growing up and living in one of the most conservative areas in the US.
heck yes see you there!“: so stoked for headlining the house of blues tomorrow night! IT'S GONNA BE THE BOMB SHIT”
probably, i went to look it up and i was severely disapointed that i could not locate it. i saw the dragonsmilk...
#ShoutOutToo she has in her bio so that means she's dope cause I like kid ink too. Everyone follow her!^_^
every Sunday home game Chi Sox will wear them
I have been very quiet lately. I apologize to my many loyal followers who are on the edge of their seat waiting my thoughts.
Out in the mindless void the daemon bore me... Till neither time nor matter stretched before me, But only Chaos, without form or place.
girls are legitt so pathetic i cann't
": I think #oomf stole my leftover chilli's"<<< you look like leftover chilli
After six years, I have finally closed my account with B of A. Don't I get a celebratory beer for this, or something?
Top-rated quarterback, Gunner Kiel of Columbus (Ind.) East High, did a last-minute flip and shunned LSU to enroll at #NotreDame . Go Irish
Nope, I had UTD stuff pop up... curious though.
Its been a while but very happy to be at this #smw special edition of BigScreen LittleScreen some diverse web shows being presented
Thanks for the RT Jorge.Hope to see you at open gym. We're expecting some of the high school boys this week & they are awesome!
Got tanned
I need some new glasses
Affordable, Central, office solutions...
You have to order it for him!! Not only does it look great, it tastes great too! :)
All this fast food and pop isn't going to help you...
CAMEX 2010 was great! for more information about the AnaJet SPRINT contact me.
It'd be cool if I could just fast forward to my birthday
That would be John Thompson Jr, Mr. Recruiting Expert.
Ah, I can see clearly now. Glad you like the pic but I did a horrible job getting the green out! Cheers hermano!
I can wear my 7 year olds shoes.
thanks for the follow
we all effect our surroundings in different ways. if it pleases you, try to be cognizant of how you change your environment.
.....not paying attention in class, reading these letters, wondering who she'll be in love with someday,......
Promise. I'll never "pull up a chair and watch Fraiser". Rather get a line n a pole and go down that crawdad hole.
having a great time with thank you for being such a positive force
No, but then again, I don't have Barack Obama in my phone book. Now you're just showing off.
over all your message of peace is great I just want to further open my mind. i feel the block
your followed =)
yes of course :) i was talking to shane a bit yesterday, so glad you guys tlk to fans
Checking out vintage cars on s. Congress.
Head to right now for the last chance to see I Am Crime: Art on the Edge of Law! Closes @ 9pm.
If anyone knows anyone who needs a roommate in the los Angeles area, let me know!
i wanna.. oh i wanna go swimming
For my cycling friends: been out of commission due to knee. Now out of commission due to motivation. Should be back our on road soon.
Good morning.. :)
Like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown RT!
Keep up the great martial arts work! Join us in Atlanta for a great vacation June 17-18. www.battleofatlanta.info Joe Corle
adding an apple and a needle to da list
What! Where? Details!!
What a bookselling day! Who knew that Easter was an opportunity to buy *TONS* of books? That would be Lehmanns, in Berlin.
I mean really some people get worked up over the smallest things and it ends up turning into a big deal! Stop complaining and start doing
Yeah, it's been a long day for me too! So much work today. After school activities...staff meeting...it took quite a toll.
Where in the Ukraine to where in Moldova? Would you be crossing Transnistria?
reviews state "Square will hold monies above $1,000 for 30+ days." Can you clarify please? Looked on NEWS on website, no info.
Ask Bruce to get it for the library. Clearly a vital resource.
Alright, let's do this. How is everyone celebrating #MKEDAY tonight? We want to know, so hashtag it!
Hi Ed , feel free to connect w/ happy customers and
I thought you was asking for a name for your instagram
omg..cnt believe it has been 8 years since i was in MR DALEYS class, watching the news seeing the planes crash in2 the world t.c TiME FliEs!
I'm on a roll this morning! Rise and shine everyone!
Not feeling quite as pushed as you like in your workouts? Try a cross-fit workout and see how you feel!
Just got back from Atlanta for the #DoveAwards God opened so many doors for my music, saw so many answered prayers, thank you Jesus!
why don't you have school tomorrow
#TeamLesbian Follow Me !!
oh well hun im sure youll be fine.
Though I hate Westboro Baptist Church, Not sure how I feel about this. RT Bill: no protests at military funerals bit.ly/okSYBb
Sherwood or Torres? EntertoWin trip for 2 to #GlenHelen for Motocross & find out! FOLLOW to enter!
dude i know like my lil sis hits me right ? so i hit her back and then i get yelled at and im like wtf she hit me 1st
This dude called kobe the grey haired mamba. Lmao
Thats how you do it! Nice testimonial.
Well. We all know that's a lie, anyway.
Ha. Hoping to making it on Tosh.O. Then offer an instinct.
This has been an awesome week... I'm so grateful!!!
#pw2012 Credit builders Alliance suggests that we should think of credit cards as no interest loans that we pay off monthly
I feel boundless.
Funny you should ask, right now I'm eating Big Mario's ALONE 🍺😒.
1pm and the lines at Salumi is still about 1/2 a block long...
haha yep. pretty much
wh was your last kiss?
Because I don't believe in "promotion." I believe in reaching out to communities of stakeholders.
Fair last night was fucking crazy.Like 3 people got jumped,a few got tazered &like 2 got knocked out.Thts wat u get when u live in Michigan.
Band practice has been put on hold, so it seems.
I can't talk my mom told me to go to sleep :(
OMG! Thank you Madonna for performing for my birthday!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Kindle Fire, Full Color 7" Multi-touch Display,
I love you, is that okay? - Natasha Bedingfield ( I heart that song)
As a new New Yorker, I assume you were rooting for the #Rangers. You have a lot more hockey ahead of you.
I feel ya homie I feel ya!
Good Morning..... Happy hUMp day
Beans, cheese, and rice are all that's needed on a burrito. Why over complicate things?
Laundry is a pain when u have to leave to different room to do it.
Its so fuckin NICE outside!!
#ThatAkwardMoment when you realize Awkward was spelled wrong before
I hate you yet love you?
I forgot about daddy's little girls but I LOVED that one as well...did you like Love Jones?
Sadened to see the Ultra Right Wing conservative gestapo-like Tea Party target a true moderate and uniting senator like Lugar &drive him out
Who wants to make out?
This lady at my job with her husband keeps looking back at me lol Smh
Need high quality custom tshirts at a great price? Call us 1-800-724-0577 or email .
I know, I'm going to hell for that one. lol
Oh, I liked it, I'm just pretty sure I have mild traumatic brain injury from it. When's the last time for you?
ya but what the hell peps should not drive drunk any how
Followed #tedxman in the same manner--even had #socent live-tweeting from New Zealand
This month's issue of is challenging & strengthening me spiritually.... Every article is removing scales from my eyes.
Boomers Add Pitching Coach and Athletic Trainer
can u follow me back..!!!
Yes! As long as I can keep the 'sleep' out of my eyes. ;-) RT : morning! Are you loving the change of shift...
RT : Smitty works it of it, getting Aj to pop out with bases loaded.
#ff Inspiring women edition! authors of #YouHaveNoIdea & author of
Google dumps publisher payment platform
If I lie here, if I just lie here, would you lie with me and just forget the world
Just arrived at our hotel in Notre Dame!!!
happy birthday! :)
. . . or maybe not. Perhaps you really aren't too bright. You seem to project a lot of anger. Ease up.
always such close quarters. And DC people always fill up the Balmore bus.
following the election results, realizing that there ain't shit gettin done the next two years. and fuck the tea party.
Thankfully, chewing dulling the hearing.
Love it. Saw on a pic today "Let's face it, after Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says - W. T. F"
i'll make sure i'll make it happen
#IdFangirlIfJustin told me to suck on jerry ;D.
that was a fail lol
Glad to hear you guys are as excited as we are!
Omg! That was intense. My heart was racing!
It is easy prey / I meet interns tomorrow / Wounds from words cut deep. ^sw ~Steven Wold, Jigsaw creative director/partner
On my way to THE event of the year! So happy to be a part of it professionally and can't wait to see everyone!
No he doesnt....he is just coping those words from others tweet...thats why his tweet r so small..
What lessons can and learn from #UMC #gc2012 as we get closer to General Convention?
How the hell is a primatologist/animal behaviorist gonna tell you he doesn't believe in evolution LOL :-)
If you're ALLEGED more than twice, you're a wife beater
gaaaaaah, Justin is in trouble. I take it none of this info has leaked. #thisshitcray!
I am in tasking mode...
thanks so much and I'll let her know you send your regards.
Wikipedia's category system is generated from category tags at the bottom of articles and other pages
Haraway's "infidel heteroglossia" triumphs over late-semester late-capitalist lassitude.
your car is sitting p1 right now!!!
RT : Reviewing online accommodations forms for Which means, of course, that participants should expect emails soon
How does he reach you?
My grades are improving. Working out has been amazing. And I got to speak to Devon Haas from She's so amazing!
“ There's healing in the name.... JESUS.....”Amen....Amen..Amen..
never man lmao. once you learn an instrument its like riding a bike. you never forget.
i fucking swear!!
Breakfast Burrito and a Blood Mary for 10 bucks. Bacon Breakfast Burrito and Bacon Bloody Marys tomorrow for Fathers Day!!!
I hate sweet potato , but I fucks with the cheescake
It's funny how ppl u jus meet within the last year or two become more loyal and a better friends then the ones u grown up with..
How about clearing a room SWAT-style? I already have that...
Great learning session here in Tampa on
Peaceful week over. On our way 2 get kids from camp. Now considering boarding school.
My hearts pounding in my chest
WoW, shot past 2,000 Tweets and didn't even realize it! :D
Wait for NO ONE!
you just walked by me in the movie theatre a few minutes ago....
Damn I been so busy with school and finals. I been missing my #TeamKhleo and !!! How is everybody???
How me & my bestfriend are not that close anymore :c <<<
Wooooah. What happened?
Missed and #scriptchat . . . damn! I was hung up with an argumentative writer--I want that hour of my life back!!
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and bin the sin sugar!
There is no time for ease & comfort. Now is the time to dare & endure if you want to succeed.
Take a vacation to Hawaii! New Don Ho inspired Custom and Micro Beds are up now, and available only on #productionvault!
Nice hold Willis!
You can put your snowmakers away now. =)
Oh, you know, To keep your Hopes Held High, And your Heads Down Low ♥
It was good to see you yesterday!
Love Peyton Manning and his approach. Any chance he will ever run for office ??
doesn't it suck to have the tail hitting you in the face the whole time?
Avoid drill overheating when drilling a hole in concrete - remove the drill bit every few seconds!
Ah, so nice! Stay tuned for the answer... :)
Circing ipads? Plan for: settings & restrictions, wiping for privacy, staff training, liability, replacement & repair plans.
is on the boards 2nite at with some of the best vocalist i have heard, im eager to see what this will sound like
Spending the weekend on set shooting "Road Back From Vengeance".
Sorry red cross i am not giving you my blood because people are dying and its not my fault. I hope i hurt your feelings.
Thanks Luke! It's my tentative (or not so tentative) foray into blogging outside of a class.
I want an all white grand piano!
Behind? Now you're talking! (You just found my third personality, BTW.)
“: My sister asked how many unread books I have on my shelves. Uh...I just counted 122 on 3 shelves..." so there wit ya!
Whole Foods
i dont even remember 9os tv tbh... but i remember disney. its full of shit now
my .02c WRA esp. important to small biz not in mdsn or mke who don't have access to resources like we have in bigger markets.
next years mvp! My vote for most heart.
Follow back :)
'Have you got pet insurance!?" "No why?" "Because im gonna hammer your pussy".
Anticipate news typhoons, and prepare to ride the wave. Is there a hot event coming up? A concert? A sporting event? A movie? Plan a tie-in.
Exactly. Read that Tina Fey says she won't speak at college graduations because there's too much pressure to be inspiring.
Brendan Ryan is not good enough at defense to make up for being such a bad hitter he can't even get a bunt down.
I'm good relaxing with a glass of wine at home
I saw that you worked on CSI. That's amazing dude! What was your role on set?
OMW to Atlanta #business trip on my
boys are so stupid.
Hmm, green or blue chinos today?
Love that dirty water...
Hawaii can't afford Congressional election, simple....sell an asset like everyone else has to in order to pay bills.
when girls talk about their problems <
staying sober this 420 ;D lol
go follow ! hes single ;)
More wine!
I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
Detroit vs. Chicago, Monday - October 22nd...no, seriously, Detroit is good now...I'm not kidding...hello?
At Budget meeting, CM Paul Koretz says only reason for OPS consolidation with LAPD is so Mayor can get ranks to 10K cops.
Really! You are asking me that at 11 o'clock we've been in the same room before & you've never asked why now, why today!?!?
Gee that would only happen to her ommg
Well played #Instagram! #Facebook bought you out for 10billion? Guess I Shoulda been cheatin' on ya with
Me and I think just crashed our computer
Richard Siskey is working on plans for the rest of the month.
Guess Romney is right. We should reduce regs on banks so Chase can gamble more bank funds to make up for the $2 billion they lost gambling.
Cats are to purr and not to be heard.
david kahn has tricks up his sleeves
All this Polo on I got horse power.
I gotcha
Is EVERYONE crazy today? Wow. It's too early for this much crazy.
Why does it seem most arguments about "what copyright does to literature" misunderstand "what copyright law does"?
opens in 3 hours. Tickets still available at the door. Come join the party!
A big thank-you to for donating gift certificates to we love local businesses!
this morning's theme song? The Black Keys: Automatic
Always! : WebVocalCoach awesome to meet another in the singing arena!
what?? I didnt send u any picturs
I'd honestly be so happy if he did short Ustreams like this every friday. Just seeing him smiling makes me happy.
It's calculus.
If you're in a relationship and still not having enough sex to feel fulfilled, don't blame your partner — it may be your own damn fault
My spelling has always been weak but I have seriously turned into a horrible speller. 8 year old spelling bee contestants could beat me.
what time tomorrow
no just for the cavs, figures huh
5:45! Look for my MIL and make sure Chase is ok... that would help put my mind at ease.
Dont you love finding good local bands? Go check out Oh, Akira!
Today in Literary History: On March 11, 1970 Erle Stanley Gardner (author best known for his Perry Mason novels) died in California.
okay you will be the first to know.
Overheard at the boys sleepover tonight "wait wait wait...don't unleash the fury JUST yet"
im good. i told your mom you guys need to come over so we can go swimming. would you like that?
Martin's "You So Crazy"? RT : Try that # if it doesn't work call me back we'll figure this thing out! ??
is secret shopping today...I'm about to know what my client's customers REALLY experience
looking forward to dinner on Sunday with my gf.
On the Radio with Bill Edwards In Savannah, GA #WTKS Announcing new record. Comes out in June!!! Get ready!
theBabaSling - Chartreuse Green Baby Carrier price - baby slings
Doin My Laundry TRYNA keep My Room Clean
I want the b-hole and that licky face. Now.
Thanks for great night for the Varali event. It was awesome!
true.. surprises are great. :) I agree with that.
where is that located?
Stoked at how the first #spiritofsport video turned out, waiting on the edge of my seat for the others! is changing the game
just chris and parents
That's great! I need to restart still!
Does anyone even drink G1 or G3?
I just fan a deviantartist who draws herself. Fucking king Louis XVI of France. Over and over again. She's jealous of Marie Antoinette.
If you wanna fuck someone, fuck'm right
Steve Tisch: our $1.6 billion privately financed stadium is big enough for 2 teams. We have enough room even if one team wants to carry 4qbs
“Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age.” - Victor Hugo
"Its a beautiful day, come in and have a stout." I love my grandma.
exactly that... u should try tomorrow
Special recognition to Luis Torres from Texas State University for winning the top student scholarship and Student ADDY Best of Show.
to give hope to all of the ugly teens??? lol
the mord sith costume were so good they were real tight leather
Major blackout in the neighborhood.
The library will be opening at 6:30 am today!
sandra bit my arm & I think I have rabies now :/.
Games about to kickoff who you got??? #49ers Pats
Fml started pouring down rain while im fixing my brakes on my car.. Soaked
Love it! : If was a song, said it would be Eye of the Tiger. Rock on, Survivor.
TruTV is not available in HD at my house...its almost not worth watching
C'mon son!
I can't believe I'm not gonna see Sappy this weekend ;(
Just read that Chyna will be playing She-Hulk in a X parody of The Avengers.
join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com Sell your #music , spread the word about your #band , and keep 100% of the revenue!
Is #letang out tonight?
Live stats are up and running on FIUSports.com
is a damn fool right now! Ha!
The #Packers release Nick Collins...please tell me this is a bad dream...
"Matters like this, could best be solved, if "they" would practice a little... "Excessive Happines", ,
Football concussions: Midday on Health, today at 1 pm with Ravens doc Andrew Tucker
thanks Ash <3 I may have to do the same!
Santorum wants zero healthcare apparently.
Did you pitch them on a switch to the Apple way?
WOW BRO!! I can't believe I wasn't following u, my bad! MAKE SURE YAW FOLLOW ------> Awwreadiii!!!!!
I need to do the same.
RT : Joshua Michael Robinson show. It's so good. You do not even know.
Anything can become reality with a little hard work and dreams!
when I apply a theme after about 24 hours it reverts back to the default theme
The live broadcasting online is a technology that makes use of live streaming to send and receive videos and other types of media.
goodnight moon and goodnight you :) I love you baby girl, sweet dreams <33 #TextMeInTheAM :)
Can't wait for my birthday! 9 more days!😊
Love this #alternativeusesforyournorton You know you're a nerd when you're using the Norton Anthology as a weight to work out.
Guess a public declaration was just what I needed. Chapter (and footnotes!) revised and sent off.
oh, everyone stay out of her way...lol
"Liar" is now my new Jam
if "crazy" we're a middle name, it'd be ours! :) You are welcome!
#MoneyTrainMonday dropping new music today :45am
I asked a #MBTA employee why so many employees sleep on the job. Her reply " You try doing this #job it's Fu# boring. #Boston #Worst :(
shout outz to LANT on the YEAH YAMS stickers....got yur package homie!!! good looking out!!! -billz
omg no cuz of my retarded mom...I can't really do anything any more
buying a feast at wholefoods & making a big dinner for the best Dad!
adorable photo. shes a cutie-pie. love the lighting
Hey! It's Katy from ! I'm doing great. How are you? :)
Hello, just sent a message from recruitinggamechangers.com. Would love to discuss cross promotional opportunities.
wash dc #trademissionto brazil
how are you
"Cool, so if Kayla had the option she'd shoot me." "But it would be to save the world!"
Agree! Absolutely amazing film in so many ways.
Do not want to work. 👎
Im fuckin starving
Wow... just watched an hour's worth of cnn coverage at LM, the crowd grew steadily around the TV but was oddly silent... wish I was in DC!
The Institute will be closed tomorrow, July 1, and Monday, July 4. Have a great 4th, everyone!
watching my favorite childhood movie
hahah thanks julie!!! <3 if only you lived near me so you could be my date ;)
I feel like my first five months as a mama have already flown by! Hate to think that it speeds up even more from here.
Huge win for the #Celtics tonight, led by the captain, Paul Pierce.
we've been following each other for a while but never talked! what part of NY are you from!
add dye and call it "Blue Brew"
Our favorite company of the month is RENT A GREEN BOX. They offer amazing green moving products! Check out www.rentagreenbox.com today.
You fool! That is one of the most controversial topics on all of the internets! You need to hang out on more mommy forums. ;-)
WE are looking for your photos of Love. Do you have photos of murals or use of our merchandise. Send them my way!
- No show at the #GOPdebate? Why not? The public needs to get to know you.
Might as well go for a stroll. So nice outside. I'm sure is straight
Yo dawg, you here? Come upstairs! Pool!
he Makes me cry.
#2012 better be the time of my life.
Got ya hommie. Check out my youtube page www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
If NO is a complete sentence, so is YES. Choose your WORD wisely.
blood money
Going to the hospital to use the local atm still weird me out quite a bit...
Listening to Pretty Lights is like driving on a rainy highway through space where the streetlights are the stars. I Love it.
Good job Grant!
Live chat for the WLA Library Support Staff Conference?
Marvins Room is definitely my favorite song of all time.
Feeling the love... thanks guys! Yep... being at Adobe you would have missed the Revolution. Glad 2 be part of it too!
Every time there is this certain homeless guy on the A train I end up singing his song for the rest of the day/night.
so agree with u
Check Us Out - Pharez Whitted Jazz ETA Theater - Wednesday, July 20 @ 7558 S. South Chicago Ave, Chicago IL 7pm-10pm. Hope 2 C U There.
Well that sounds like fun :)
Holy awesome! The show last night was so fun! Thanks to all who came out for support! We love you
Tonight. Annie B graces our stage. The gals got a voice. Come grab a BBQ and find out why she won WAMI.
I just passed it along from !
Please be sure to check out the legendary rap group Whodini on TV One's #Unsung tonight at 10pm.
Lightning Bugs :)
Serum closed. RIP Blue Balls.
who that check ya dm
Hope you are having a great day!
#happybirthdayaustin Hope you had and are having a great sweet 16!
Alright beautiful (:
Think Pioli has changed? Or more accurately, been forced to change?
hahhaha a que si eres mi amigo k no? :)
Going to the US open final today. Let's go Nadal
Very interested! Could you post them for me? Thanks!
GREAT GAME
PSA to people in Oregon: The water is still really fucking cold. Don't drown.
We're now an 8 egg a morning family. Might need to invest in an urban chicken coup soon.
KAREN. NO MELTDOWNS DURING TECH.
#10attractivepeopleifollow "/ I dont even think I have 10 followers ! Lol New too twitter .
thank you for the kisses ;) lol
here & looking forward to today's tweet chat. this long week has again screamed along.
": LOL what are they saying?!"even the #NFL is wrong sometimes
Nothing feels better then coming home after a long accomplished day and laying in bed!
Wait: it WORKS?
Nice weather out tonight my phone says 102 but it feels like 95 at 8:40 at night I'm enjoying it.
Very cool! Hopefully they will air the anthem for the 76ers playoff game!
I need something to do for my b-day
Let's roll.
Schooling my girls...ain't gonna have no basic bum bit*he's for nieces...not on my watch...So I keep it funky and hide nothing !
It's Mojito time! Let it flow, let it flow, let it flow ;-}
Best downhill bikes of 2011 - check it out, what do you think? (via )
That shower felt too good 
I am having the same problem, I bet it's a Brighthouse issue. The broadbband connection has been unreliable lately.
Yes, yes, and Oh. Hell. Yes. Morena Baccarin confirmed for 2011.
LOLOLOLOL wow only u and what a topic and what VIP ?
Dear gawd they are traffic cones x_x
Plan B and teen pregnancies on your mind? Read about teen parent Reta Ellis. A classic teen perspective revealed in Lack of Restraint.
Oh and by the way! We just wrote two new songs! Retweet if you wanna hear! \m/
Zeus kisses are the my favorite kisses.
Pretty sure there are some little girls on the train making fun of my sideburns.
I was not made to keep surprises.
Why does every girl and my school want to be a dental assistant o.O
My baby gonna take me to ocean city Maryland
awesome.. Did you record it?
i agree, sass
I feel ya, man. Bulls have looked bad for awhile now. Not sure what's going on. Hope they don't blow the 1 seed now.
S/O to loyal, honest, hard working men! <3
we had it washed down for you today - welcome back!
Someday I'm going to drink sangria with this woman!
Audition workshop today from 3-5 pm. Studio theater. Spread the word. Especially because no one knows about it.
kill'm tonight, woo woo !!!
Good Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!! Sad exit for our #Bulls!!!
Bitch, you spilled my skittles! Thanks for the follow!
Back to the gym today?
I take it you are feeling better now that you have left your apartment? Hope that gets resolved soon for you!
It's like this librarian enjoys making my life more difficult.
I challenge to a dance off.
Thank you Bryan!
Android 3.0 Honeycomb more akin to Tablet PC than iPad
I'm addicted to Draw Something like no joke... I can't be the only one...
Amalia has to flip? Crazy!!!
Man iam srry whyte ppl can't dance for shit got muthafukas slipin n sliding around like they riding on swifter jets n shit
Thanks to for a great evening. Congrats on 10 years. Here's to the next decade!
Hell yeah" : G n' R sweet child o' mine. #ohthememories"
Yesterday was rough!! RT Hangover: day 2. This is why I don't go out any more... I can't hang.
i can't believe what's become of sony they tell us ps3 can do everything a blue-ray player can false.
on my way there. Not too worried bout Saturday. Don't want to play OSU
Dear used "She Bop" as lead-in music today as he continues his #hatespeech against #women &
Just tapped, Port Brewing Hop 15 (replaces Brewing Hoptimum Whole Cone Imperial IPA) Growler yes, $3 pints
If You Ever Been Cheated On , This Tweet Is For You .
#lifeforce :P :D
RT : If you don't like your story change it
yes, it feels delicious to just relax! I'm enjoying it!
yea we gonna sing duets lik i sing the pitbull parts he sings the chris brown well mainly just raps
wait what?
Beehive designer co-op travels to Dunwoody (2458 Mt. Vernon Rd.) from 12/11 to 12/14 featuring merchandise by local designers.
shoot me your email address via dm so I can send you Amini Silatolu film.
Really Chad?
Hosanna in the highest! Simply beautiful!
RT : Looks like the hashtag for Frankfurt Book Fair is #fbf11. Good for those of us not able to attend in person.
congrats Patrick. You are my favorite.
Insomnia sucks
Ok all better now, business attire off relaxed soft cotton lounge pants and tank on
Agree/disagree? "Linkedin is for people you know. Facebook is for people you used to know. Twitter is for people you want to know."
yes you are ;)
you crack me up...if you're in atl you're everywhere
In the twentieth century this comfortable closed system was shattered by movements to explore eastern religions and eastern Christianity too
I am trying to spend money with you and the site is down AGAIN and your phone service hangs up - frustrated elevate member
Now power? No problem! Survive after #Irene with a
Well I love knowing what YOU all think of the episode! Aww<3 Magnolia and I love you all!
apparently coaches the Steelers in his spare time.
Had a blast at Six FLags with all my friends! :D such a great day to spend a friday!!
In life sometimes you realize certain things are a blessing instead of a curse.
I'm jealous.you are lucky. I hold a grudge forever.
Okay, I'm getting off. Ally on her way here, and when she get's here, we heading downtown!
Watched Nazareth College play last night...learned a lot. Love their style of play.
Phew-we made it to May!
beiebers new song girlfriend isnt as good as the nsync song wit nelly on the remix lol
I keep running into the problem that students don't believe I work here, or they choose to ignore I work here.
gotta come fck wit me in the booth one of these days
I love people that use all capital letters for everything, it's a convenient way for me to know who the stupid people are.
Perfect day to lay out! The sun is bright & hot, but the temp is perfect so I'm not miserable 👌☀
RT if you remember when McDonald's slogan was "We Love To See You Smile".
No worries! Try the last tip I sent with Auto Expurge off. That should work.
Black folk where we at today in our tank tops shorts and women in dem booty shorts it's
Thanks to you who brighten my days
Register today at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games and check out the forum to discuss all your hockey news and questions.
Yea buddy!
u blew up my news feed
thank you for such a pure interview, asked all the right questions, the
casting Kalinda's ex-husband is going to be epic. he already has so much to live up to.
why you mad at me?
RT : If the US nonprofit sector were a country its revenues would exceed those of most countries in the world!
: Im doing some #wedding planning. Trying to get the bulk done before I start work in July. How are you?
I'm craving wind jammer wings! Wish we got them the other night!
This is horrible I have a piece of tree bark in my eye. -_____-
Playing without Perkins tomorrow would be a big blow for OKC. He helps body up against Bynum down low.
I finish like 10 minutes ago hahahahah :P
Yeah, I think they are going on before Miranda Lambert.
I never doubt about it:-)
On my mind today
lol didnt know if u still wanted to talk
OMG it totally seems that way. He's such a loser in my opinion
Come to Open Juggling tonight at 6:30! Still spaces available for this session's Contortion class, tonight at 7!
February 10 7pm@ Mr. Pitiful's! If you're single ready to mingle and want to find your Valentine..Register at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
OMG yes!! im very new to this and didnt want to mess up bc im a perfectionist and i noticed all my quirky habbits :)
what do u do when u get bored?
Glad you pulled the plug on the wine deal. Talk about drama. It's dumb to have theater in front of a future investor.
greatest tweet EVER RT : the 12:20 wild mix is tearing it up! It's making my booty go pop! :)
lol can't wait!
Marquette definitely the best Illinois team in the tournament.
Bay View, a southeast neighborhood in MKE.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the #2011wesleygolftourney ! It was a b-e-a-utiful day for golf, and a good time was had by all!
It is much better to make mistakes doing something, than to make the mistake of doing nothing. – Fred van Amburgh
What I did for you -Gave you money because you had none -Was always there -Cried for you -Went out of my way to help you
haha Nice! Pretty great open!
thanks Love. miss you super star.
he may have a crippling internet porn addiction and can't concentrate who knows. Bukowski woulda loved that shit though haha
You have to believe that you're the best for anyone else to believe it
hey Brandon!!!!! Hope you're having a great spring break :)!
that's not to good,I had a goofy day tho' hadda sub' so nuff'said lol.
Midtermtest :| proud me guys
It's a perfect morning to drive with the top down. Let's enjoy this weather while we can
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap
Thanks, friends at for sharing poetry bookmarks at the museum and celebrating local kids through their poems. You rock!
I'm sure they all have the same XFS/EXT4 bugs ;-)) BB have it easier, they are "just backup" hehe.
It sucks to be sick, I'm so freakin bored
this magazine says you're beautiful. why's that
did fundraiser happen already?
save me one!!!!
Did You Know? An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter.
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLOW !!! EVERY CLICK COUNTS <3
Reawaken curiosity, embrace wisdom, reconnect with our humanity. #badgerbioneers 2011
“: There is no love without war”
Reading Hannah Landecker on #epigenetics - how might environmental signals (like food or toxins) cause gene mutation now or in the future?
welcome to smartphone world. Now gotta get workin' on that
so it happened recently???
#ThingsHigherThanZimmermansBond Me right now
Yup, that's right! FREE delivery of your $20+ order from ! 1.855.HUNGRY2 or WeHaveYourFood.com
I'm finna shake DC nite life with ...take notes bitches
I'll take the money that I spend at and donate it to
Derrick Rose is out for the rest of the playoffs! 👍
whos my secret santa!!! no im plain
Actually quite surprised that I'm pleased that Kyle/Kurt Busch won this race.
4A area one-game playoff, mid 2nd: Port Lavaca Calhoun 0, Flour Bluff 0; Two-out single for Sandcrabs, but that's it.
