Also, I hope Monday wasn't my only package day because 6 packages wasn't enough for my mail carrier to hate me. :/
Oh you are so welcome :)) Happy Thursday!
yes thanks! Misery loves company as the saying goes.
The road to stardom and success is lined with many tempting parking spaces.
Kinda moved to tears by 's Zone One. Stirring trifecta of nostalgia, wanting, and loss. Some good jokes too.
Marcum:Digital tech separated librarians & scholars?//Really? Would never have considered library job until dig humanities
so i guess you loss intrest in me also!!!!
Kyle Anderson coming out strong with 4 quick points. 21st best hair.
is headlining our ACM Performance Lab stage Thursday along with , , ! Best part? Free.
you feeling better?
Bynum is a block short of a triple double.
Way to provide a public service/education my dear Simon.
Ugh. Monday. -_-
wrong spelling
“: is 1D gay?” lol you must be new :-p YES AND NO
What a great finish, only in LA! Congrats to the 2012 Northern Trust Open Champion Bill Haas!
Thanks for RT!
I think the movie is Sleepless in Seattle...
Thank you! I will! :)
Thank you Gary! And good morning!
True, except he slammed that particular sub in the face with his elbow.....
First weekend home in 6 weeks. First, a Friday in which to make it HAPPEN!
Arizona is home to many mohawks this spring - But three mohawks have no water to drink.
RT : The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a one-year deal.
China Doll Restaurant
what?! pinkberry is my favorite!
what was said?
anyone wanna write a guest blog post on real estate?
I'm definitely not going to be ready to leave Senegal when the time comes. I'm in love.
blasting springstein downtown has never received so many fans
hell yuh I'm watchin it again right now.
you may not end up where you thought you'd be, but you'll end up right where you're meant to be.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom. ~ Mark Twain
Made it to chicago. Connection left without me.
Hey! Thanks! <3
"Tweeting" is so much more better than "Updating my Facebook Status" ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Does your dog LOVE the snow?> Feel free to post pictures of your dog playing in the snow on our page!
Thanks for all the congratulations re: us winning the Pulitzer, but it's really not that big of a deal.
all good man no worries
not till fall
I FORGOT TO EAT MY TINY PIE. I FORGOT TO EAT MY TINY PIE!
a real running back.
oh sorry i forgot i'm only your friend when it's convenient for you...
sorry to see you go
Getting ready for a weekend of baseball at the Murray Park - hopefully the weather will good to us.
i am following you
I tipped over the top! WHERE'S MY BAGEL?!
Browsing social networking sites to avoid making a poster for a presentation. :P
Interesting fact - The USPS loses $25 million per day
Thanks for the RT's and mentions Have a great day!
I literally have worked out harder in the last two weeks than I have in the last two years maybe combined.
Thank you!
xbox360 issues still going on.
Remember when Cool Whip was an acceptable substance to abuse? Sometimes I miss those pre-organic days...
Small-business owners don't start their companies to be short-term loan officers for customers. With 60-90 day terms that is what happens.
Busy day today, as I'll be helping celebrate his birthday then go to JWF for #timbersu23 match later. Plus, it's sunny outside!
Waking up at 7 when you go to be at 4:30 is the worst.
There is a bubble pop game app for the droid they might have it for the iphone too. Hope u get better soon :-)
and he comes OT. FUCK.
on the real though, my boyfriend would look amazing with an undercut.
I feel sick!
Gojee looks great! Any chance you want to share you experiences with an MBA student?
im on my home after i pick up a quick snack
You're very welcome. ;)
RT : Check out – a digital clearinghouse of more than 200 summaries of high quality research studies on #arts learning!
FREE L !
lolololllll I as thinking the same thing!
haha maybe someday you will(: at least you saw other singers and not just him. That's awesome!
Shit, again, the fuck man, ok... now I am mad...... -_______-
Hoping I have misheard - Mom: Look at this! When I was a kid, this book changed my life! Dad: What? Should I burn it?
Something we never needed to know about and learn to identify in the first few notes: "Cheerleader Pop." Into the "no" pile.
So I vowed never to follow you after seeing your C & W pres, and what happens? Presenter #2 fails to show, and I follow Libby.
Purchase your "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt Through www.SNOCLOTHING.com Shirts are $25.00 Shipped!!!!
That poor lamb.
GM y'all
pick an episode. Any one. They all end the same
No DLR-era Van Halen references will work for the #VanHalenFastFood tag better than Hagar era. Sammy at least earned that.
I watch TV to forget about love handles. Not to be reminded of them.
RT Today's Lunch: The Drop "Burger". Shaved beef, Capicola, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Grilled Shallots, Roasted Garlic Mayo!
#3WordsForeYou Take It Off
#AskBUNM from + +: "never ask permission. Only forgiveness." That's it!
The house does not open until April, but we're working hard on our spring exhibit.
“I am free and that is why I am lost.” ~ Franz Kafka
Ha! If I have my way, #HTML5 will get there soon!
Marty Block discussing his AB 661 to create a small BA Community Colleg pilot program in ares of high employment need.
Yay! We can't wait. RT : will be at 's Ball Ball to feed your faces and dance our feet off.
but my guess is 74 may try to talk 46 into staying. In the end, it's exactly what 46 needs. Lots of talent there, unfulfilled.
OMG!!! The funniest thing just happen I was listening 2 the radio and listening 2 Pandora and both of them was playing drake headlines O.o
The 8.8 earthquake in Chile shortened the Earth's rotation causing our day to be 1.26 milliseconds shorter and my have moved our axis 8 cm.
ahahah thank u:)! Love u <3 :D
You'll dress soon!
i'm the same way as long as its a good movie
Yess finally got a new phone!b
You ↗ You ↙ You → You ↓ You ↪ You ↫ You ↲ You ↯ You ↱ You ↶ and You ↴ Follow for some of the BEST tweets on Twitter
"The best is yet to come." ^staff RT "God's invisible work in u prepares u for His visible work through u."
also, when you say early Polanski for WHILE WE WERE HERE, how far into my expectations should I take that?
Most of my peers past is similar 2 a rough draft they all have made the same lil mistakes,same stories,same predicament & same outcomes
Wtf!!!Its look likes gays get married
I really do not want to watch this basketball game Dad. -__-
the camera comes with add'l equipment.
#TWEET Me ღ
A playoff at the Masters is the one and only closest thing there is to the NFL playoffs.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone! Let's go dolphins!
them crazy addicts will get you famous yet
"Holding onto resentment is like holding onto your breath. You suffocate."
Superfast internet for home and mobile, $55 a month FOR LIFE! Ask me how: 210-573-7203 Authorized Clear Agent
Brown Eyed Women _ Grateful Dead _ Europe '72
They say the apple dnt fall from the tree but wat if that apple neva falls!!!....
Griffith hits into a double play to end the top half of the inning. Scored tied up at 2-2 with WKU up to bat.
hell yeah tom!
managed to sleep on my neck wrong again.Causin' me to move around like deranged person 't help that my hairs too damn long either
Happy Independence Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
I'm gonna let 'em know that Dolemite is back on the scene! I'm gonna let 'em know that Dolemite is my name, and fuckin' up mofo is my game!
Starting to get a good number of calls for tailgating at Miller Park this season! Smart folks, because those dates fill up fast for us! ;)
i watched that yesterday. Jay Hernandez is unf!
You know it's a going to be a good day when u wake up & just start killing it on Scramble w Friends
Yup-Yup. ;D It's the Chinese signs for love, peace and health.
'The first thing you lose in a diet is your smile.' -Scott Patrerson
Left my Nexus S in the car while I ran a 5k. Went from 100% battery to 20%. Back to iPhoneland it is.
Absolutely correct
Beirut: Booked. Jerusalem:Booked. This will be one wild and holy spring break. Should I party or should I pray?
I'm sorry, but we don't do Twititions. :/
A successful artist is not just a song and a style ... successful artistry has a purpose ...
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
While patrons are still using your catalog to discover your collection, a MARC record is still important.
I'm working tonight besides partaking in the debauchery
I need a sip of courage to get me through the weekend
#ryanbraun on the offensive. Does this mean he's guilty?
- not surprised. Communicators like to communicate! :)
thanks for the RT :)
Some people need to GROW UP and admit the mistakes they make, instead of blaming it on someone else!!!!!!
1430 union street- hope you made it ok!
we would still love for you to write an article for us! We will be in touch, thanks so much!
damn, that shit hurts the soul.
Starting off with some #coffee from Alterra, the day can begin....
#youknowyoughetto when u with metro pcs
yeah & don't understand the materiality of the digital enough 2 see that it's still things and space, just different kinds!
54 yrs ago, today, I was born. 50 yrs ago, today, my family (my parents, sister, and I) moved to Harlow, Essex, where my brother was born.
Absolutely gorgeous weather! Want a BBQ and a piss up!!!
Pirates > Biological Principles
Good morning girl, hope ur enjoying ur stay in Philly!! Thanks again for signing my book and taking a pic w/ me. Rage it sista
not too great...I'll be ok tho & yourself?
I heard the word "Dial-Up" yesterday from someone receiving a proof. The good old days.. I miss that sound.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
Great day of teaching Bordeaux at the Int'l Culinary Ctr. NYC - back tomorrow for the white and sweet.
How can and be so famous? Please, I love be an actress, how did u can work for DysneyChannel? ANSWERME!
Woman on bus keeps almost falling asleep on my shoulder. Will have to get pic if it actually happens.
Be Jack Nicholson's conjoined twin or have everything taste like a slim jim
Must Have! RT Bar In honor of Shark Week: a Special Shark Attack Shake all weekend. Blueberry. Shake. Raspberry. Swirls.
thanks to his awesome boyfriend*
I need to go spam him
whos leg do i have to hump to get a....well whos leg do i have to hump lol
On oovoo with my boyfriend<3
i'll bring you pretzles tomorrow to cheer you up :)
Leaving on a jet plane to San Francisco!
We're two worlds apart, but our hearts never fail to reach out from each other.
ha! I was hoping you'd use your star power to retweet that.
So ready to graduate
I Had Dreams is currently #11 in US #Drama #Fiction. FREE #Kindle today only. Help me rank in top 10 for today! PLEASE! www.traceyperger.com
Get it how u live u #fake ass
Not eating a proper meal before ice game + 5-hour energy = completely gassed and starving. Feet are cramping up. So hungry I'd eat a shoe.
Seeking a compound-worthy house to buy in Seattle. Combining the Fainting Room Collective and Audaretum recording studios! FAMILY!
What nice day outside today, hope everyone has a good and relaxing day. ezzzzzzzzz
its okay
you're welcome :)
On our way to DisneyLand...
HIGGINS, STOP EATING THE DAMN CHICKEN.
I'm Tyler and I'm a sexy bike.
Successful day at capitol; five of my bills cleared the Senate: city audits, tenant rights, transit on I-5, beach monitoring, solar funding.
it's all about the
How do we not have lightsabers yet? Its like scientists aren't even trying.
he has his moments but the douchebaggery of Schmidt is golorious! I heard he reaching a spin class in LA soon lol
You're one of the only people I know that also listens to Deas Vail. I love Birds & Cages so much.
Doing homework and studying.
I'm here too! RT : Tuning in to #insights201. Who's with me?
actually, scratch that. I might be able to since i already work downtown haha.
you did it... Remember
Can anyone share an objective and high quality international news website? Thank you in advance.
I don't see RGIII as a strong fit for Castrol? Are you more enticed to buy the product now that Griffin endorses it? Not me.
Yall need to do your reserach "before" you sleep with them...
Are you watching too much TV but not doing enough reading? Well, turn your subtitles on.
Don't know if I can make it through the day w/o ):
this is the worst time of the year, only major sport is #baseball, football might not happen and hockey is still months away
Yea I feel that! Just weigh it out, whats gonna be more beneficial its a business decision, u gotta do whats right 4 u
i guess you not dow for no friendly convo its coo tho
“: Tomorrow can wait 'til tomorrow, 'cause it's all about tonight. #BlakeShelton”
it was a great take on things! Kol Hakavod! If you have additional writings you'd like to share pls let us know
#ghlive What is up with all the lights on camera 2?
yeah ik! They all give me such a headache
Thank you for re-tweet. blessings Eric ;0)
sup wacky, welcome to the addictive world of twitter, you will be spending all your time flirting with chicks in no time brah!
Because he's busy caring for me because no one else does.
Rip #stevejobs great inventor
Gosh. This is weird. Dylan in a good mood at 7:13 a.m? Sounds good!
I NEED FOOD!!!!
haha thanks brother
Two years today I've been on The Twitter, or at least so says
I think this is how love goes.. Check yes or no.
That's with you and Bury the Hatchet right??? We were gonna and we really want to, but I told Jeff today that were just buckling
Ever After :)
good to see you too, and I always enjoy my arepas! You guys make them delicious enough to drive to decatur for them!
Great time chatting RIM careers with WWU ARM students! Very bright bunch. Mentioned #thatdelightfullist and
so so so close, great run and nice ground saved by the jock !
Bored, show tomorrow at Giorgio's, comment the pics
Angelina Jolie needs a tan, some fried chicken and mashed potatoes. Jeez.
what's worse? the NHL guy smashing his opponets hed in the glass(2games) or Ron Ron's elbow(7games)??
Adrian Peterson is going to run for like 5 thousand yards next year lol
LMAO....my twitter actin slow..so that last one was really 801....#KanyeShrug....its till
Looking forward to another great weekend of #nfl action.
Dream final: 5th-year Kastle v. ex-Kastle & current world No. 1 Tune in Sun. 7:30 am
I didn't beat many people this year, until UK wins, then I'm in 4th. I will hold my trash talk for after the game.
Give a little you'll receive plenty in return.The satisfaction of knowing your time and effort is creating positive change is priceless.
is pouting now that I told him that won't be at the chicken-fried steak event today.
Global super stars and take advantage of post-feminism trends of the new decade
what it do friend?
Thanks doll 😘 RT : is the cutest 💘
Im pathetic i get it...Even i dont understand me.
ok for a follow back :)
Today is #NationalFrenchFriesDay Awesome! My favorite food group!
People that tell you, get a life, tell them, I will when you do :P
is my hero for not sending a group text
#FoxMole gets raided: RT: According to the warrant, Fox News is apparently accusing me of grand larceny, amongst other things.
yeah i thought u were the smart one
I've officially been at Fox 6 one year! What a busy and rewarding time it has been!
tell my brother Happy Birthday
Titi is a white cat right?
i was just able to open the pix...what a great one! May we add it to our website?
Should have played in Spring and been a true feeder league. Still think folks are starved for football in the off season.
left me alone
3 witnesses say he didn&#39;t plus the girl on the phone and the 13 year old boy nearby and still the whacky claim of self defense?
Nice relaxing Sunday! Time for bed night tworld
The case of my broken iPhone was resolved with what probably looked like a nerdy drug deal outside of this afternoon
Alabama uses form router for online intake, PDF forms
I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords. #Jeopardy #Watson #AI #singularity (Just going on record here. I hope it never comes up!)
What a day. Just thinking…approach things the way Joan Holloway would. With style.
I thought this was about your keen fashion sense #carhartts&muckboots : Sellout, this is about not cartier.
!..~-. NEED INFO FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare. -Benedict Spinoza, a 16th century philosopher
haha i know! good back in sunny ca! we had to cancel the 2nd half of the tour :(
I didn't realize how useful #twitter could be until recently....also...smartphone. I'm great! How fare thee?
Thank you to all the #veterans today!
Law & Order: SVU is the shit.
hang in there!
The size of a group is the size of its leader. If you are a leader of a group and your group is small and not growing, then it is most likel
Easter is hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.
To get into the Halloween mood, I'm watching Halloween 3. Is it the dumbest movie ever? Yes. Quite possibly.
the song came on hahaha:P
We're BFFs w/the prez! #justanotherdayinthelifeofaP RT: Casual conversation w/the Donna
Only if bitches know what they be talking about
I want to marry
I like that part. It's everyone else string commission checks around me that sucks.
#TIL there is a 1976 King Kong.
"Teach us to give and not count the cost." -St. Ignatius de Loyola
New Crew fan followers, #FF - my t-shirt business. There, you'll find links to new items, deals, giveaways and happiness.
a bunch of verified bands I've never heard of are following me...
When I fly, I'll have you know that my crew and my plane come first. RT>>> “: I see some real genius in your flying”
Thank you so much, Damon <3
lmao no. I'm sorry I forgot to tell y'all. But I'm finna leave anyway.
Better to be rung out for a noble cause than to be full, of your self. / LOVE THIS ..
damn son!! Makin me feel like it IS possible. Good work mang!
hell yeah love the HOODBRIDGE
I cook, clean & take care of the household and all you can do is complain??? That shit is so annoying!!! Smh
In The Mood For Some Action
you grow the fuck up. are you kidding me?
I've decided I'm ready for an ipad ;) Glad it went well! Im sure its great. We'll take a look this week.
today just started off all wrong. Can I go back to sleep and get a Re-Do? Or at least a backrub to set things right? :/
well my brother got it for christmas and it is so sick dude! you got final exams this week?!
#glee Kurt's audition is awesome!!!!
I get way too excited whenever comes on my Pandora. Makes me wanna have a dance party in my cubicle.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Las Vegas must be the only city where the weekly entertainment guide lists the Top 10 magicians currently performing there.My kind of city!
Events + Response = Outcome (Cool, huh? You get to choose the response and influence the outcome!)
Peach kombucha on tap! @ Mercury Cafe
Derek Keenan showing the importance of carefully planned curriculum at #mobile2011 to foster critical thinking.
Leaky coffee cup=stained shirt. Reppin my YMCA wrinkled ass work tee til someone can bring me a new shirt. This towed car shit blows
Me muero en el concierto RT : that's mine 💗“: I take that back, De Pies a Cabeza is my favorite Mana song.”
thats a gud look wit b o b i see u bra....
Piece of cake.
front row at the wings game tonight!! :)
See you there!
Poor Blago. Only allowed one personal possession in the slammer... Wedding ring? Lame. #WhatAboutTheHairbrush??
I love talking to and on the phone, its like drinking a couple of social good Red Bulls.
“: what happenned?”hey how is glorious Toronto?
drinking a javalato
Good news Punxsutawney Phil predicts early spring !
He Got That Super Bass|Text Me,.
Conservative evangelicals think God is supposed to uphold THEIR word, not the other way around. 'Fundamental' mistake. Zing!
no shit we've been here for 2 months now
Anyone upgraded to Lion OS? If so how's it going?
Why do I miss Fred? Smh
So happy you're happy! RT : Back at yummy!
I'll drive down for that one:-)
I'm not about to watch a child being born in health class next week. Eewww
you said something about trying someone lol
crucial man....had to shut it down, can't deal w that no more
I'm trying to read some of the NEH seminar materials and one of the PDFs does not want to print. I thought it was the printer, but no ...
How do you find will smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints
okay. now my clothes in the dryer are done. not going to get them. too busy w/ the #1940census webinar ha!
Oh thank god, I'm done with finals. Worst month ever.
league night tonight at
Still sick -.-
I'm sure you'll get through it and I'm sure things will get better for you
has the best twitpic
There is no longer such a thing as a safe and secure job.
Halfway done editing our #callmemaybe video. and will be proud
Going to spend much of the day trying to catch up on #CodeYear. I hear there's a game on this evening, too.
Yeah now I'm going to try to sleep again! Maybe Dashboard Confessional helps me
RT : good morning my brother of the drumming cloth// GM my dude!!!
Ha! And YES. RT : How to lose weight: first turn your head to the right; then turn left. Repeat each time you're offered food.
A reminder that Georgetown has a REALLY attractive student body.
And what a review it was! Thank you!
Back by popular demand, tonight's dinner special is Seared Salmon over Goat Cheese-Tomato Polenta with Corn Salsa, $12.00
Our Customer Appreciation Sale continues thru the rest of the month. Imagine getting free upgrades & rebates too. TheBlindManNM.com
If a person really loves & wants to be with you then superficial things about you will not be an issue to them what so ever.
I need help tweeps...do I start Addai or Felix Jones this week?
#Carey2011Dublin Yes, please! Would love a team effort on these "radical" tweets
a wheel/is a drug
Why do some people make a big deal about how much their clothes/shoes/accessories cost? The more expensive the better? LOLOL fucking idiots.
Careful -- librarian convention in town. Streets of #nola may not be as safe as usual.
I dream about you every fucking night and I wake up crying.
that's the estrogen talking :D Yes men and women ARE different so it is foolish/unfair to judge women by masculine standards :\
When your prom date doesn't give you a chance to explain anything... <<< I have been following you...
with the light of Thy knowledge, not only to cherish those things which are written, but to do them;
no problem! And thanks! :)
"I did nothing. The pavement was his enemy."
sure you do
Yes! Your "mann" is rocking it. bah hahaha RT : are you watching #TheVoice right now?
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
New Ice Loves Coco tonight on E! Isn&#39;t television great??
Proof that the wheel has turned another full rotation: the #StambergSauce is in the freezer.
Just like every other girly girl out there on the internet, I want to feel special. ;)
#ChiCultural2012 Space discussion: Model of #PortagePark needs a center for arts like one that once existed
It's Buffalo, Greg. You meant Applebee's, right?
Finally done!!! let the summer begin!!
#empathy vital for everyone a changemaker rule
shower time
After #URI scores on Joe Landi RBI single, #Northeastern's Jon Leroux unloads on a solo home run to lead off B2. 1-1.
I love but the fact that someone started makes me laugh outloud...
I wanna go to target. wanna come ? Hahaha !(:
ONE DIRECTION !!!!!
Chillin txtin watchin Paper Soldiers this movie mad funny
hey just added another bad pack ;) it is pretty funny!
thanks! I took Spanish in middle school and barely passed. Thanks though! Hahaha
what's the matter, keepin it too real for you? Truth hurt that bad?
I once dropped a girl off to her mans house..when I got there, I met the nigga..(hickies all on my neck)..dumbass couldnt put 2n2 together..
I will be at WLA 11/2-11/3 booth# 119. Please stop in and say hello. I might be bringing something special :) Come by and see
that sounds great - I've been craving
Beautiful morning...
RT if u think the r going to WIN 2night!!
Is it going to be raining for the rest of the weekend ? If so , I am going to be very upset ...damn you rain!!
It's actually the only non-streaming Netflix show I watch. No DVR = at the mercy of the networks!
Sometimes you must unplug. But really happy to see we've jumped over 500 followers! Thanks, everyone.
get your butt up to !!!
New site launch www.mountaindaisy.com
Oh wow. With so much going on with my new job this week, I completely forgot it is FRIDAY!!!! New Gold rush tonight
Thanks Zoe!
sexy(; follow? Happy birthday!
RT : Off to Phoenix for the Davos of the Desert, #eisummit. Are u going? Let me know about best future concepts for highered there.
Had a great time hanging out and playing music with Box Talent yesterday. Thanks for having us!
Well one time me and this midget with one arm met at chucky cheese... RT : “: Body count: 71.5” how is it .5 ?! 😂
We have EVERYTHING you need...
See link I just tweeted to see why I find ideas like "21st century education" unnecessary.
There was a man arrested in New York state for going 170 mph on his MOTORCYCLE?!?!??
This is so funny! His facial expressions! Okay gtg bye
Game time sheeesh
Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight - art, music, entertainment, food and more!
I am so grateful that I got my mom's nutsack genes.
just know that I am upset we cannot do hip hop tomorrow cause she wants to work on lyrical and pom! -____________-
not trying 2 spam but have u heard about this guy who's trying to keep Michael Jackson's legacy alive!? He needs our help!
We love having you! RT : you got me...again!
whatcha girlys doing ^^ I'm eating again :/ I swear I always hungry
I could marry Madison Alamia over and over and over Because I love him so much!!!!
Or just not spend $1000 on a Mac?
that's what's up!!! Congrats
Good morning!
Strange sight of day: burly young CDOT workers pouring sidewalk concrete while blasting Styx's Come Sail Away from truck radio. Kids today.
i was at sw, but now I'm in Denver ✈
don't worry the Heat will be back next year.....HOPEFULLY
"pre-existing catalog"
Shoot it Collison, just shoot it
There are some people that I know personally that I #refuse to follow.
its all good, I understand, i put you to sleep lol. I'm joking but yeah check them out. The singer is actually a female.
Love this chick. Kim Nielsen you are one dedicated, powerful woman. Best on by light years.
That's true. I, like many people, can be easily won over with a high-top fade.
We can't wait to see your work! The site will be ready shortly.
ok. But I texted her like 4 times yesterday and she never responded
Bet well in the next month or 2 im finna try to get a spot down town so #movie!!!
ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN !!! MINK SUNDAYS !!!! NO COVER , CHEAP DRINKS, RELAXED DRESS CODE, IN THE MIX !!!
Tons of #NBA and the #Cubbies tonight! We're a juggernaut!
Who wants to help me write #iOS and #Android apps? looking for a few good devs...
I sure did
If my love is a question, I'm sure u are the answer
Don't forget the Nashville Christmas parade tonight!! Who's going??
We're showcasing our new #Spa-Tinis on this morning! Tune in to see our brand new cocktails & how you can drink for a cause!
GREAT music!!!
i am really happy !
Im not downplaying anything.. but did that battle have you checking for other females battles?? be honest!!
Do you want to do an interview with us for our website? :)
7.2 = still a little seasick
I can't wait until tdwp's Zombie EP comes out:D
Thank you all my friends and fans, thank you for the plays and every great thing you are doing, much respect and love :) :) :) ! rockin !
Yeah, I'd rather have Asik as well.
Any one just see a cyclist on 28? That was me. Terrifying wrong turn!!
I consider it a partial bonus when it syncs sometimes. Still sync normally.
Bow down to the queen of procrastination.
She totally retweeted my last Horn Book blog and I may now retire.
Right now!!
Bryan Carter's presentation on Digital Africana studies 3.0. New directions for scholars.
I've realized the older and older I get the less and I text and drive
I agree I hate it.. Distracts people from the rest of the issues and they end up voting because of this one thing.
wow man.. did you know your godhatesfags website is STILL DOWN? Guess you decided you and God liked them after all huh?
who cares?
glad your doing well 😃 yes deff let's party soon maybe Mikey's Halloween party ? Lmk message me your number
Have Questions about Business Blogging? and will tackle them in this live webinar http:bit.ly/fmloRQ
23 hours into the New Year and the resolutions are still intact... A new record.
Happy birthday to wonderful creative and talented ..nice 12pm Dorrito Taco! ..Venice crew will take you to Chaya sushi HP :)
any details for the event on Thursday?
home from skool.went to pick up . had a good day ;D
Ahh both kids are napping. I am eating my delicious leftovers! Life is good!
taqueria santa cruz is certainly one of our local faves!
The Miami Heat players are like the founding fathers of #flopcity .
Peter's in the office today--he whimpered and whined his way in. Currently sleeping right at my feet. :)
you know it! More hookups to come ;)
Venezuela's Chavez upbeat over Cuba cancer checks
super grateful to have people in my life that truly love me and support me.
Accidentally clicked on stumble instead of email and am now watching Peter Pan online. Score.
In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people's clothes.
no it is not fun. I feel like I have a hangover but no fun getting it. :)
On the ground in Music City! I better start hearing some southern accents real soon.
well that's cool I gues ha
notre dame vs. michigan is quite the game!
Ever since i got twitter, I've got less & less sleep.
I broke my shower faucet :(
You get your eye brows threaded? O_o uni-brow or not, dear sir, that is extremely suspicious
This is disgraceful.
Yea.? How yu aint text or call me.....?yu was sapose 2 let me knw wat was goon on befor yu left the city see play games.!!
check out my zombie reaserch website and become a member - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
I dont know because I don't have access to the information used to draft him. Neither do you. I know Pioli does, though.
Haha no one, not yet anyways. It hurts so bad :( though.
TONIGHT! 8PM! #AllNatural w/Anthony David |
Congratulations to Steve Helm, Dean of Radford University's McConnell Library, on receiving VLA's Presidential Citation!
sure /: thanks hahaha
Yay for finally finishing my accounting homework!!!
How do You see Birthdays on Twitter? Kaise pata lagta hai? FB is so much easier! :)
When I first read that in 's Purpose Driven Life it was a lite bulb moment for me
People come over and cut grass next to me this early in the morning!!!! I'm ab to throw something 
Welcome aboard! #NYG RT Oh, how I want to see the Giants beat the Packers at Lambeau. Pretty please?
Tired of skool
well that's good hahaa
count me in
I love how Pinot Noir is all, "I am NOT Merlot."
Anything special going on tomorrow (Sat) night? DJ, dancing? Anything super rare on tap? Coming up from DC!
Last night was a night for photographs and I took nary a one. Dammit.
My Mother Is Funny
Tired of waking up 2 minutes before I need to be out the door for work!!
Don't forget to add Penn Fixture to your list of stops for Christmas shopping. We are located at 2800 Penn Ave. in the strip, free parking!
he got the MVP chants in Jersey too
Cool, bud.. let's absolutely do that. I might pop in on Saturday at That's Cool if I don't have a session. :)
⚠ Tomorrows forecast : Crooked walk with a bit of a slurr..
I just ate some cheetos and now they're stuck in my stitches.
TOMORROW NIGHT! Hometown Release Show in Jacksonville, Texas! Tell your friends and be there! Doors open @ 6!
“: Everyday is follow friday when you're a stalker.” lol
FUN with #PUNS!: Every time it rains my greengrocer has to shut up shop. He has far too many leeks... #groan (thanks :) )
#JustRememberThat life is short. Always make the best of everyday
I love you, too. Next time.
the one and only reason I got DVR to record because its the best way to end a long crazy day & happy late birthday!
At first I was not sure if there really was a #waronwomen but I am starting to think there is.
Thanks for? :)
This is like "Rocky" if Rocky had fought a guy with multiple severe handicaps.
Anne-Marie Deitering is made of awesome! She does the coolest research studies. Both of her talks at #onw12 have been amazing.
in north hills Braynstream Records studio
If I was an old school 50 pound boom box...
James voted off! Yes! Go Scotty!
This is like a mean joke. I love blustery days SO MUCH, but I have developed horrible allergies to the things flying around in the air :(
RT is giving 1 ladies T-Shirt & 1 Guys T-shirt once we reach 10,000 followers. To enter drawing RT this tweet with
We are open get your last min. Tats in today ! Gift certificates for that special ever lasting gift !!!!
Have to go to the GYM now .
Preparing for #Vistage peer group tomorrow with speaker, Gary Markle, on Performance Management. Should be enlightening.
Saw that Big Business with Lily Tomlin and Bette Middler is on bluray now. What psycho decided, "Yeah, people need to see that in 1080p."
Yo! The Mr Freeze ride at six flags is insane! Can't believe I got on that.
Giant annoyance: when people pile into an elevator before you've had a chance to get off.
Journey Of Discovery Ends In Beijing
No joke!
ooohh I really like the two on the top
4 more days till sunday April 29th S.O.B's live on stage Brand Nubian, Wise Intelligent & Eloheem we will make it electric
is getting reeaaalll nice!
We will be there! :)
are you alright? Will you make it?!
i really dont want to be here.... i wish it was yesterday when i was watching the hunger games
Sister, or sista? I guess it's either B) or all of the above... anyway, shit!! What's the show name & can I hear it online?
great, glad you have joined the cause!
Tune into 98 rock ~9:10am as the Owl Bar brings in some delicious treats to Mickey, Spiegel, & Amelia!
Every body n their mama know my name
At #smwchicago party after a great presentation with and !
how did u like dat retaliation lol
Soft ass niggaaaa
AS would say...WAIT. WHAT?
i would love to watch that series and championship series with you
#sternworldmovietitles Mud Duck II Your Sister's a Ho!
got it! Thank you :)
wish you were here!!!
Can't believe Zola Wine & Kitchen is closing. Just bought some wine there last week. Heading over to see what's left.
I have the most comfortable bed on earth!
Build her a moon base, Newt style!
damn i forgot what iwas gonna do -_______-
at the love shack!
Happy C-Day G
Beyonce is dramatic Not she dropped the mic & bust her jacket open 2 "announce" the baby 1 min her n Jay-Z private well congrats mommy! ♥
RT : Why hasn't anybody released a phone hacking game yet? You've had DAYS!
Be yourself. Trying hard to impress ends up leaving a bad impression on your date. Let them to fall in love with the real you.
waaaooooohh....i get to skip school tomorrow, to go to my friends house...when we will probably just sit there and talk... haha
And.. I FEEL WE'LL be together FOREVER..
I HEAR YEA SUNNY BOY
Posts from the old Flogger Falls are being moved to the new one as I type.
Ah! So excited for tomorrow! I get to see the !!
I totally had that and I didn't even see the drawing.
I still miss my ex ....but my aim is getting better...LOL
Think I'm starting to understand Spanish
yep, and I just got up, went nd got a drink, but forgot the food. :(
Thanks! We're pretty excited :-)
your name is cute! can't wait to check out your site!
I spy
That makes two of us!!
my car is too gay lol
The beginner asked the master:"HOW do you know all of this?" The master asked the beginner:"How do you NOT know all of this?"
ROFL! RT : May your life someday be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook. #quotes #rocktheretweet RT
Ironically David Banner has an MA in Psychology
we are launching a program for athletes to measure efficiency at home or at a motion capture and analysis clinic in Ur area.
I wish I could. RT : #NC #IN #WV -&gt; Who is voting for Newt Gingrich today. ;-) You're a rebel and I love it. =D
and she'd totally love you for it! :) how's your boy doing?
Exactly. This remedy is a win-win.
have a wonderful Friday Mary!
They aint got nothing on u..!
I'm not mad I'm just simply stating the facts
(c) freedom! I guess that's a good thing:]♥
Final presentations from Flight School Fellows last night. Nothing short of AWESOME. Thank you Waffle Shop, Courtney, Jasdeep and Joe.
Watching 'When Fish Fly' student dev team doing a final debug & adding more Kinect code to their game. WFF will debut at #PILGF in 6 days.
#FirstQuestionsAsked "Is that your real hair?"
Oh that's purtty. We'll definitely have to go out for a ride
Follow if you know what's good for ya
Thank you for the RT ! Happy Friday!
If you get a chance, check out , good, local #journalism by DePaul students.
Nobody likes a thief/and talk is cheap/put you under the ocean cuz you wanna be deep/be careful what you speak it might just haunt you
I think you've got someone else. Been years since I've been there, but #sandiego is great right now.
Enjoy the sunset then join us for LATE NITE Happy Hour!!! 1/2 price draft beer tonight 9-11pm...Late nite never sounded so good!!!
Rachel beat me on PIG
McDonald's observatory, Sony PS3 Network, and the State of Texas Comptroller's office. Personal info breached 3 times in last 6 months. :P
Well you know. I'm just that cool I can make it a shout out and a life saver 😉
I just read your blog! So cute!
thank u!!!
K your immature and lane and no one cares about you guys insiders.. Soo
the fact that rowing completely ripped up my hands <<<<<<
Half Off Bottle Night at Enoteca!
If any baseball team has ever been comparable to the Human Centipede, its the 2012 Kansas City Royals.
imma beast doe
where is that dumb rumer coming from
Oh I don't always get it right, but if they post a link, the translation on Goggle helps. I also sometimes post in Spanish.
I'm So Conceited, If She Ain't Worth Talking 2, Then I'm Not Speaking
Dwight Howard is a quitter
for real, I need a damn book that the fwb campus doesn't carry.
you're like 4 feet tall... Shut it
i already follow him
Chilling wit at #BREAKERS watching da game
aka the getaway driver
good morning jenny happy thursday to you
Yes, I've used that one too! I'm thinking of doing some related poetry writing...maybe 2 voice poems from 2 images
great to see you at ICS event on Thurs thanks as always for all your of our school
Democrat turnout was low in 2010. Too many naive progressives did not know the stakes.
ugh. Where did all these people come from and how soon can they leave?
EveryTime We Have Sex We Gotta Break A Sweat
Omg fells point is filled with drunk green people and 1/2 of them are behind the steering wheel of a car.
It's pretty rediculous isn't it?!
Good morning Twitter.. it's too damn early :/
Pasta salad >
thank you ladies !! Looking forward to seeing you at Bootz Saloon !
my infamous 7 layer banana pudding straight out of the fridge.
yes thanks to you and your mom I am doing great! I owe you both alot!! <3 Hannah
Does Twitter have special rates for promoted tweets/accounts for government entities?
Holy shit. What a move. You guys rock!
You know things are pretty sad when just seeing that someone spelled "lose" correctly brightens my day.
If only there were a better way ;) hint hint:
Yes and YES! What time do you want to meet?
Today's top Consensus Plays in Tournament Action are VCU +4.5, FAU +10, Long Beach St +8.5, and Montana at a PK. Good Luck.
Enjoy your day
I'm bored...tweet me some random #1DFacts :) !
I would to...but that takes effort...
Now following you should too! Check it out. Cc
If everybody drives with no speed limit there wont be any. You are stupid for saying that
ILORI Sale: 25% off any second purchase. Limited time offer. See store for details or call 808.875.1188.
did u dm me
S/O to for always having tha best smile wen i see her
Not just an aide, or a teacher, or a coach, or an ABA therapist, or sum1 who enjoys kids and learning, or a student -- I am an educator.
Screaming at my brother in the car.
you are on a roll this morning.
Every picture n my phone has its own story so yes I look at em ova n ova
A productive two days of working to setup audio/gallery capabilities on our site. Almost time to kick off the weekend!
meh! Yeah, we probs won't find out but it could be true, I mean there hasn't been any photos of them together either.
shit idk. traveling involves money. which i dont have. ever. if i win the lotto.i be making my rounds in a 2011 ZL1 camaro lol
I love the lab report assignment! RT :
why u still up
sounds good!
I often say to myself "this is what I get for giving a fuck" ..
Andy is stirring up Lime Daiquiri's for $5 until 8pm tonight. Get you HH on at !
“: Monday night football bold prediction... Packers 5 rushing touchdowns. 0 passing.” you got Ryan Grant on ur fantasy team?
I miss u<333
Yeah I did but now you're not following me :(
Noah's ankle. Why is Taj limping?! What is happening.
Robben is making some good dangerous runs.
"Wearing a dirty, one-size-too-small tank top." remember that? HAHAHA!
happy new years #rouxers !! hope 2012 is a great year for u guys take care :DD
Getting ready for another big day at #SXSW, jamming some Nate Dogg this morning. RIP
A special thank you for the connection goes out to the HISTORIC ALACHUA WOODWORKS Apopka, FL
If you would like to book your appointment now for CES2012, please feel free to send us a DM or shoot us an email:
He Took Two Weeks To Fucking Give It To Me !
Rain or shine, OB is Outside in Aspen...
Reality check
That doc is more about process and procedure than sexy food pr0n. And also: ice in the soup...Really?
I wholly agree with Trader Joe's. Best place for me to find cheap kosher foods in New York.
“: That fanny pack looks badass man"
That's SO lame..RNC=Joke/Fail or better yet, Failing Joke
Thank you for the #FF, Andy!
I just saw a sign that said "Wax your pinche snowboard" lol I love abq
I bought a movie ticket, a slice of pizza, and a slushie and it came out to $38. These prices are ridiculous.
I still don't know why it would affect me so much :/
are you a robot?
Well we havent had ANY interactions on here lately, So. I am gonna throw up 's song again! :D
good morning directly to we are real people that like to tweet real people enjoy your day my dude keep it G.
we love Sleeping With Sirens, so I guess we don't suck. :)
Where the heck is my rep. Duncan Hunter? He should take note of this and get on the twitter bandwagon.
I met Christina Cordova a few weeks ago. She's very open to new ideas from marketers and customers.
Seeing tweets in Spanish and thinking why did I ever follow then?
Twitter and FB posts are permanent, activism can shame/ pressure organizations to change
Writer's block...
Tonight at 6pm- 8pm when we welcome the Svedka Vodka Girls. All Svedka Vodka drinks will be $3 Get your picture taken in the Photo Booth!
Brunch: uptown cafe, cap garage, kupros, orphan
lots of work but a lot of fun
Do you mean weather, or political appointments? :P
Why am I so tired, I went to bed at like 9:45 last night
So like are you dtf? Or
Glad you enjoyed jumping with us!
Any fans of Stephen Jerzak, Relient K, and Automatic Loveletter, I get to interview all of them on Sunday, so send in your questions!
Evan, realistically, where do you put Oregon's odds of scoring Allen?
yee. Im Glad you get to see him (: & yeahh.. hopefully oneday I'll have the chance to go to one of his concerts<3 aha.
"Young Witz" here we go
What do you do when you dont know what to do ?
no no no on that 9-5 lol keep doing what you doing!!!
I'm so confused.
Attending a fascinating presentation by Coca-Cola attorney on negotiation of Olympic sponsorship rights and Oly athlete endorsements.
got me going ape shit in the gym..
The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
And then I thought FaceFirst, with which I am more satisfied.
but rain is cool ^.<3
Friend: I hate One Direction. Me: Oh thank god, more for me.
What's up tho where you been at???
lol. Oh. That's funny.
virtual hug <3
lol! well over 600 followers later... im here too! :p I had mine before Sarah
Thanks Manu and great game last night - you were FANtastic!
Aw had a lovely day today. I have the most beautiful nieces in the world! X
the twins i've been taking care of since they were 18 months old are 4 today. i can't believe it- i feel ancient.
Rachel, seriously. Die.
Everything was ok until I realized I had work
loll sounds like a great night
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 11
: Good luck on your knee surgery Matthew. Hope all goes well, and you are up and around in no time. You will be in my thoughts.
My iPhone and macbook are littered with SNS platforms and apps I have looked at but never use. MS is just another.
Ever notice how most Drug commercials look like they're made by people on drugs?
Did #hahadurbin ever get trending??
Love Einstein and all, but he really needs to stop climbing onto tables and opening child-proof prescription bottles.
Madonna to perform At halftime!???? Now that's what I'm talking about! Long live the Queen of pop!
Every week its the same shit
New 14k White Gold Round CZ Women ’s Engagement Ring
Guess whatt(: I just HAVE to tell you something... you read? I LOVE YOU(; -Samantha
Oh we cannot wait to see some photos and hear about the amazing food! We are so proud to have you as a member!
braves with the win!!
life is shite so i like to write.
Frenchies are awesome! They are a close second to Boston Terriers.
My choices on Twitter : Yankees fans , UK fans and Daniela Yes Yes and OMG YES !!!!!!!
What's on for this weekend, #Boston? Events, great food, or wine you are looking forward to?
how does that happen?! Haha
RT : I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold. ~ Calvin Klein
Final version of 'How to Win Friends and Influence People' for TechNet saved to the cloud. Excited to share what we've learned!
Long days at work are wearing on me, yet still totally worth it (monetarily speaking). Can't wait til it's over. Wish I was riding.
curated all the art by ArtStar and it looks amazing! stop by and snag yourself something pretty!
Austin City Limits
Sorry we missed the #MM S/O's, they'll be coming a little late this week... Possibly in the form of #FF's...
OOMF needs to get at me
Of course! Would love to share my work with you!
he`s my LIFELINE
end of the week or by the weekend i should be back! not for long though im ready for Paris Next than Nigeria
Thanks!!! I'm lucky to come from such a supportive state.
good luck tonight on tv. I'm sure you'll beat the Packers.
no! Why must it be so complicated?
Nothing like talking to something using the word wicked and being asked if you're from Boston.
Thinking about how we create the magical "bubble" that our kehilah lives in - at both #jewishcamp & synagogue year round.
All polar bears are left-handed.
stripper practice from yesterday got me sore as hell. gotta do it again today
you watch it too
I love Nutella!!
I feel like a loser now, but I have my night centered around the draft
im sub-tweeting about you.
Call 1-800-PRELOS9 or email for any help or additional information!! Let us help you find renters today!! www.prelos.com
beautiful. we're going to head to the Depot soon. I'm eating, Greg's St. Vincent-ing. :) thanks!
Its commitment to winning and it's fans and the community,beautiful PPL Park,the river end #MLS #C'monTheU
Thanks and
Book worms!
empire strikes back
loved seeing you again and need to meet soon!
Lmao the nurse is disinfecting everything I touch ;p
From 2 experiences I have to say prepare to be underwhelmed.
Thx very much guys. Really appreciate the critical eye. Very helpful. The perspective will help us get better. Cheers!
Naw I feel you. It's a shame though, because we're gonna need him regardless of who we match up against.
Why does the #NBA ROY trophy look so cheap?
it's raining here too!! at least i didn't have practice =)
Team F'in hungry racing FTW! RT“: who's coming down to the Riverwest Public House on May Day?”
i think u r the HOTTEST,SEXYEST gurl frm England I've ever seen!! WOW!
Gonna bike off my frustrations, hate it when ppl don't follow through with their plans. I better not be a damn fool, again..
my brithday is a week a ways yo
weekly is good to maintain attendance - not all will make it week to week but those that do will build their network faster
I love you more
MI4 = Fun at the movies.
Great me too!!
I'm writing a DM right now.
I am one who believes that one of the greatest dangers of advertising is not that of misleading people, but that of boring them to...
check out for ballplayers and baseball coaches. some interesting discussions going on in their blogs.
Espn and that Jew were out of line on some of their reporting. Syracuse university should sue them too. Fuckin scum tryin to smear our name
He could, but he won't.
Just formed a mini spam musubi-lovers coalition in the line for lunch at I love that stuff. 'Twas fun.
Thank you for your kind shares related to our Bull Run animated map. Most appreciated.
Wow -- what a difference -- energy flows so much better -- you won't recognize this place -- except for the smiling faces ;)
aight man, we'll have to kick it sometime this summer
sure do lol
#wcphilly #day2 : Contribute by evangelizing WP to others, and by testing with Trunk or the WP Beta Tester's Plugin.
Sacrifice sleep for success
Good Morning
Nice try. The cartoon is from around the same time, but it involved a cat and a dog. RT : Doug?
reading my The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie. Thanks
Fired up for the big launch event in Washington DC tonight. Real-time polling is coming to the Beltway.
These high schoolers on here talking bout they sex life just blows me. Lol
“: Zimmerman's attorney asks for a bond of just $15,000 and permission to leave the state.” WoW!!!!
OMG - based on the 1st 2 tracks, the Daphne Oram Tapes may be the greatest thing ever... very much digging the current cackling
There ya go...Darby runs out to bark long after whoever was behind the fence is gone. Well done
People hurt you, God will heal you. People humiliate you, God will magnify you. People judge you, God will justify you."
Make every Saturday the best day to make $$$ w/ EZ hair extensions & wigs! Let Dr. Wiggy train you in the latest, email
Meeting with , & the team at to launch our new video blog, GoGeddit TV!!
ok I have tried to touch base with you EVERY way I know of...call when you have a second
Its only 1:00am and is #onfire the circus is in town!
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved because these days most people confuse the idea of being in love with true love.
haha rough night last night ?
pamplemousse = grapefruit. Only French I know.
Where is this?
funny, gotta disconnect from Quicken chat before I can tell if they've helped me. somehow, they're unable to help me until I disconnect.
Watching 'Ultimate ' on Netflix to help with my high. Probably going to go see it again.
Don't send me promos!!!!
Ha, I should wash my mouth..er, typing fingers..with soap. Slap me if I say "ROI".
I try not to take ppl feelns for granted
It's only 10 degree difference between our Minneapolis location and our Hawaiian location today!
no one wants to see you on tv... You're not cool, sorry :/
104 days is not enough time left to spend with my family. I'm going to miss you all so very much. I love you.
Just delivered our Handel Bed to Glen Boudreaux for the Home of Tomorrow exhibit at State Fair of Texas.Can't wait to see the display! RT
I salute and MMG cuz they ain't goin pop like every other label.
Thanks for coming to speak at WLC! Loved the presentation a lot.
Myboyfriend said he feels bad for my babydaddy BC he has to financially support his kid....the fuck?! Remind me to always take my depo shot
good thinking!
Hi Michael, I'm a reporter working on a story about Delta's Sky Club. Would it be okay if I interviewed you on the topic?
Fail small, win big ...
Damn, Igotta finish this paper before class starts
Wants to show live O's/Red Sox footage. Please.
The best thing about pre foreclosures is the prices that come with them! In most cases,the owner has no choice but the sell the house.
Thanks Bobby!! Enjoy the weekend:))
Kevin Garnett has made 1/3 of the Celtics' FGs tonight. That just seems wrong.
My grandfather Captain Curt M. O'Reilly was the last one in my family to serve in military. He was a MASH surgeon in Korea.
Seems like Radiohead #Coachella set is literally designed for a rerun YouTube livestream as opposed to live performance.
SANDY WE MISS YOU COME HOME!
I hate when little fucking 8 year olds throw fits. Grow up you little bitch. Grow. Up.
Thnks I thoroughly enjoyed & learned from the Wknd Biz Podcast (like eavesdropping on a hi level discussion) & hope it'll ret'n soon
Your perfect!
I am now hooked on The Voice. I DVR's Hawaii 5O, but haven't watched it yet.
Funny, is there an Aldi on Bluemound near the Best Buy? Think of the children was the lame excuse about Hooters.
Yes and also #Vegan people I know all females hm
I plug my headphones into my phone--so the app is like magic. It's called Lightning Bug (for android).
It's coo bro He was on twitter stuntin on me hard.. I plan on WHOOPIN his ass!
Happy Halloween! Remember our kids tonight. Our little ghosts and goblins won't have their moms or dads accompany them on trick-or-treating.
Wouldn't you think France would have learned f the US the past 3+ years
So ready for our match today. #let'sgo
the 90's station is pumpin' out some gems today...!!! Stop in and see us. And, ask about our Specials!! Say Facebook or Twitter sent you....
Couldnt find my fav shoes this morning then I remembered has them 
ready for the next season now
Warm brownies.
Thanks. You're the winner.
no you dont girl. im so angry now.
Never a pass. Respect. Because he is really smarter. But I won't retweet the tail end of your two part tweets and slam them
Old School! Higher Ground, Suck my Kiss, Give It Away, Snow, Under the Bridge!
hanging out with & of before they tear it up
Celebrating web launch! Thanks 4 wonderful design & to & for behind the scenes!
hahahahahahahhhahahaha like wtf. Like Sophia grace or some shit, I should defanitly put her on blast
i am clean clean clean v
I hope so! A little part of me is missing. Haha
"Let wisdom guide my heart and help me keep in mind that each and every student is precious and one of a kind!"
lol it when they block you from adding and other things
you've had over 20 tweets today!
RT Go follow these amazing bands!
#RoadTraveled--the live stream is to difficult to watch, should be a 2 min tape delay or something, it stops, plays, stop plays 4 me
You are a pretty bad ass dude. Love your tweets about being a parent not just a paycheck. Amen to that. Muah. Ty
Awesome! How was the game?
its alliteration...works for both Tues and Thurs
#followfriday Why you ask? Because they are Gorgeous and Fun Tweeps, who Interest me.
Drowning in lemonade.
It sure has seemed that way lately, huh? Nothing personal-promise!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
Hold the phone...NORA discovered Facebook! Lol
So I'm up & not sleeping yet -__-
Hey hey hey :D (Tigress_fighter)
Sontag: "I am unable to put my shoulder to the feminist wheel in the fashion she would like me to."
Game was NBC Sports Network and not shown on MSG. No Rosen/Micheletti. Home game not shown on home network.
Oh my gosh. You crack my up.
happy birthday! (:
Happy New Year!
call it: 10 WAYS TO BE HOT $ RICH.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐭
Thursday - 3/17/2011- Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP
s/o to whoever made this great bob marley shitty by making it dubstep #manfuckyou!
What up though?
Exactly! ...should have never been a candidate at his age...MONEY TALKS!
They need a twitter game where you can level up after hitting various tweet caps.
": #Nw The Temptations.." they da truth
Laying next to the most beautiful girl in the world <3
Do you still have that guitar on whose fretboard you wrote out all the notes?
#Evanovich, Seven Up. The further adventures of Stephanie Plum, bounty hunter. These are very silly books, which may explain their appeal.
Aww thanks guys! I hope you have a great weekend too. :)
Can't wait to see Odd Future in October.
One Time, Lighthouse... OMG SICK!! I feel like I need to go make a movie! LOL
it's such a good chocolate fix :)
haha #whatkoreanparentssay “: My dad just asked if Girls' Generation was on the #grammys. Lol.”
really? but I see you're following me
good choice!
Stop by the west mall campus to make a button for $1 and learn more about Center Space Project our student organization!
Closing the gap of aspiration and enrollment has to be a collaboration between government, educators, parents, and schools.
Each Facebook user spends on average 15 hours and 33 minutes a month on the site.
O ok Thanks so Y 106 say What Trey video u wanna see?
that was my jam RT“: #RnBThrowBacks - Nelly ft Kelly Rowland - Dilemma”
RT : I still say that "Alison" by Elvis Costello is one of the best pop songs ever written. #myaimistrue Word
ok. First of all he's not a player like he used to be, he even got rid of every girl number he had, & he wants to be with u..
Girls have some creepy ass conversations
Sounds tasty! Hope you had a nice weekend. RT: I'm going to enjoy a bowl of your granola cereal in the morning! :)
Don't sleep on getting tickets to BMTH, Death Cab, Gambino, Circa Survive, TBS, or ATL. They'll all be here before you know it.
Going to see the hunger gamess.(:
#Oldage cannot be avoided. It creeps up inexorably and the awareness increases when friends and loved ones pass away one by one
#AdmitIt if you look good in a picture with your friend, you dont give a shit if they look bad, you post it on fb and twitter anyways! Haha
Big day of little school work.
give em a follow!
We are having a HUGE sale today for the #tallandbigmen in your life! Come on in and see us Please RT!
color me hungry and envious
I hear ya!
The village’s own Rocket Man
they do a great job with that show. I had a lot of fun with them.
So proud of you, honey. So, so proud. #ohheygirl!
When life gives you lemons...make lemonade. When life gives you lemonade...you better drink it.
whoa you win
Reading the The Three Marriages by David Whyte, awesome book on life, work and relationships to self and others. Beautifully written, very …
Kim I hate taxes with my whole soul! I'd honestly rather eat glass!
I'm angry that Jon Burge, the Chicago Police monster who tortured suspects into false confessions, sending some to death row, is still free
Why is it every two seconds some body has to say something about my skin tone. Ok yes I'm light skinned don't you think I know that already.
reading ('s) book, "140 characters "; much more interesting than anticipated
Where u play at?
That bench brings all the b*tches to the yard!
I need more followers help a girl out
*shakes magic 8 ball* reads: "signs point to yes"
"I've worked for MK for 8+ years and seen many bed technologies. MK has the best selection at an unbeatable price" - James MK Megastore
where's a good place to eat? :)
always a txt or call away!
would come support us, let us honor you at our conference, to also encourage us young biz people we can get there together!
Q5: One thing everyone should experience in Europe for the holidays?
Oh Happy Day! Finishing week 2 of #Insanity and week 1 of new job!
RT got my ride "imported" from FL. " is looking for some new interns... Must be awesome."// is awesome.
wow holy shit man, hook a brother up we work together haha
fresh! :D Now get them hooked on some MARS from the same era and pump up the volume - dance - dance! cc/
what up stranger
"Mass production created a need for mass marketing which created a need for mass media." -- Douglas Rushkoff
Eat more protein during the day to stay fuller longer- pack nuts or avocado as a snack so you skip the break room pastries!
Yay Stephen got the job!!!!!!!!! Now I just need one
you should get a booth and sell some sketches at
I leave for Branson in a week!!!! Hello wake boarding!!!!!
Aw hail no! #weatherjokes but seriously it is coming down
yes, very intriguing! Perhaps next project after current massive, daunting, all-consuming one. :)
yeaa lol that's how I knew
his head may be virtual, but that beer looked real
Watching WATER FOR ELEPHANTS!! Happy girl right now 👍❤😱😍😃
Ft Worth show opens FRIDAY,1st 1500 attendees each day get a GOODIE BAG filled with coupons and prizes. Info@ www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
I mean these shorts were daisy dukes and hands down most homo thing I ever seen
I`ll miss you on the sets of iCarly & iNickelodeonShow but i can`t wait to see you on your birthday and on our tour!
Didn't move here until Wednesday kiddo. Staying at Sarah's until Tuesday.
I have similarly poor music taste and I survive Dillinger Escape Plan pits. Just stay low and nix the glasses :)
In the first 8.5 minutes of #Rising, we currently have 213 cuts. Damn. -JO
hmm.. I'll think about it.
What are friends for?? Besides bringing the Vaseline when chics step out of line!! LOL
Let`s see who really love the KCA`s! RT if you going to watch!
good post.
I've been good how about you?
I'll be honest. If a dessert is served with jelly I'm probably gonna like it.
she's such a loser!!!! jk love you tayshea!!!
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man. --Benjamin Franklin
Someone please send me the SpaceGhostPurp record. "The Black God" is too smooth to comprehend
TODAY is #trainthursday When u go 2 train museum & show ur tic get FREE kids scoop w/adult scoop purchase RT!
Desperate and Ravenous
I very strongly second our re feet, kids, PhDs, love and add that you are also hot agrees.
Professor says that I have an interesting take on constitutional law… I wonder if this is a polite way to call someone a communist…
What a hypocritical piece of....
Since 50 won't be showing his dong anymore if the #giants lose... ladies get ready i'm taking over for his bet
Mariano Rivera putting up a stellar 54.00 ERA right now, yeah that'll help the ol' fantasy team
Having too much fun on photo booth :P
Here . I Lovee You !
just posted a new chapter!!!
"I love to put myself in new situations. I'm not afraid to be a beginner." Sting: composer, singer, activist.
Mike Rowe's next Dirty Jobs should be Ke$ha's hair stylist
don't know. only away feed i have ever watched. They do go to the straightaway when replaying a pitch though
BCS officials met today to discuss a potential college football playoff.
Joss Whedon never disappoints. Not even Dollhouse--eventually.
I know! I have never gotten a tweet from him! :( #Depressed but i still LOVE him either way! <#
just brought ur new EP i have always loved overdosing. but could never found it! so now im rocking out to it! thanks heidi!
That's how I felt taking my #bianchi home for the first time. Beats a run of the mill Specialized any day.
My pleasure...wish you and the book all the best!
Turkey & Ham & Chicken. Oh My! Today was the annual My Plumber holiday feast which was enjoyed by all, some several times.
Time to scratch!
Festen at St. Ann's Warehouse was fantastic. If you're in the neighborhood, you should check it out. Would love to see it in LA.
post pictures from Vegas!!!
I'd do it if there was a toggle switch like Tumblr has for twitter.
lead is in the middle of a pencil lol
Had a blast last night at marikkas! Now to try getting some motivation to do something with myself.
who is it.! Are you guys hiring.? ^_^
": Happiness is a very attractive quality in a person. Anger? Resentment? Spite? Not so much." darth vader is a bad BF
help fight hunger in #Chicago with Yoplait Greek. www.greek4good.com. (hint: AR ready ads can be found at Ashland & Division)
Hanging out at my favorite cafe with a nice cup of coffee, croissant w/Nutella and Jelly, and screaming Albanians in the background.
ditto. ceiling fan preferred.
Are those green olive on that 'za?
Amen! RT : People can try to hurt you and beat you down, but THEY CAN NEVER KILL YOUR PARTY SPIRIT.
t-minus 10 minutes to tickets going on sale! got my card locked and loaded :)
#pepsi #doritos #chevy... Pretty disappointed w/ #superbowl commercials so far. Following twitter is much more entertaining.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence
yes sir...
Today was a productive day.
best description of a hangover ever
you should get one of those keurig ones! They're pretty nice
It never ceases to amaze me how much stuff I have accumulated. Dreading packing. At times like this I wish I owned a zeppelin!
Look on the bright side, we're 400 miles from ours.
I put in a proposal for #NCTE12 on #flipclass, was hoping to get a panel, but didn't find others willing to join
He said to be cool but I'm already coolest
WIN THIS
#Quote: "[Kids] don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.” - Jim Henson Happy Friday!
Maybe if we could have the 80's stuff with todays tech? Now that would be a win / win...
fuck them punks, if they not ya boyfriend, husband or family members tell them fags to eat a dick!
A woman arrested for setting fires in her Decatur neighborhood speaks with us about the accusations...tonight @ 10 on WAND.
oh great I hear the garage opening -.- , ohwell at least we drop him off at the airport in the morning 😏
I would but I hve bad knees. <--thats no excuse. I will try my best next time. I wish we could all practice once in a while.
Dear tweeters...don't let Rob Bell's words be more prevalent than God's. God's word is truth - Rob's: his opinion. Teach the difference.
There are just some classes I prefer to be to myself in.
Good luck to all our Tweeps taking finals this week! Ot
cop top from the biddy
Feel better! It's too cold.
I want to know what she looks like. PIC PLZ
What fascinates you most about being a lawyer?
I think your link is broken... can you repost?
Payphone is stuck in my head ;p
wish I could get a floral spread in that mag!
To the Devil with false modesty
Listen all day to win THE VEGAS ACM EXPERIENCE! Win $1000 COUNTRY CASH & be QUALIFIED TO WIN the ACM VEGAS trip April 1st
count us in!
#Salute to BossLady for having us on the set of her new music video for "Party or Go Home!" Stay tuned for All Acess!
Wal-Mart is like pooping. Everybody goes but nobody admits to it.
are you valerie? :)
I have received 5 save the dates/wedding invites in the last 3 days... Oye
You are so much fun! Thanks for bringing NYers together for a really wonderful evening! :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!
You're coming with me.
Tell my old boo i said thank you and shut up sabrina
Clippers already make summer vacation plans??
sorry for the late reply. not a lot of time to tweet these days!
Offered a job with the Flyin' Elvises...considering it...
yes I knew Randy when he was with the #Vikings "straight cash homie" is a good term, 1 up on me,now on to our final #Soccer bet
Hey all is giving away a trip for 2 to #ESPN today! For more deets go to "Mark Schlereth's Stinkin Good Green Chile FB page"
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who says we have to go all Mrs Fancypants? “: As long as its in a box, you're good. RT Is it red or white wine...
James please !! Come to phoenix I wanna see you ! :( RT if u read this please :')
I may have just seen the Rapture on the radar headed my way.
here and ready whenever! No hurry
Answer of the Day: Cory Hart.
Damn instagram killed my battery today
Wow there's more carts at the Belmont St foodcart lot! So much good food to try!! Just ordered frm #sushipdx will hv to come bk for dinner!
I try not to look back into my past but damn there are a lot of people I thought would still be around.
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
Nicks "Best Week On TV" Kicks of Dec. 26 with a brand new episode of !
“: Next 2O people to follow --> <-- they will be promoted to my followers now x5”
Haha my sister is getting so angry!!!!!
Honestly don't know why I have them. I'll never use them lol
I love seeing all my young broadies going hard and winning!
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
Been thinking a lot about Portland lately. Can't wait to explore the West coast!!
#NFAIS12 PLoS, is it ok to put up data if you know it's not complete? Yes, if labelled as such.(metrics)
I love that your clingy baby :* your my favvvvvvvv <3
the problem is , you don't answer
": #MentionTo someone who's always in your mind."
