My phones dying, my gas tank is empty, I'm beyond hungry, and I stink to high heaven but that's why I love BYX pledge retreat.
thanks!! weren't you gonna go? I remember you asking me if i was!
#beliebersowntwitter pretty much. yeah BITCH
I don't have Facebook but I still have twitter! ;-)
please insert some form of witty comment and pretend I said it
I would def be open to it...
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the shout out. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
Total rainout today. Nasty thunderstorms with hail. Regripping clubs and watching Wells Fargo instead of playing. Much rather be outside.
fuck people who stick their hand in the elevator seconds before it closes
... We're just not Gonna Be Cool Cuz i'll Kill Yo Lil Ass !
Trying my best. Ugh...so tired but at the same time, i'm excited to learn. Have to go in Sat to train w/ex op mngr.
Funny. That visual invokes The Matrix for some reason...
:( I got it gees sorry then
My friend recommended you. Love the website and magazine!
new #SegWoment: Lady HerOes, gotta love it
You only live once , so live & have fun
don't let the hot dogs stuff keep you up tonight! Urgent/important and delegation!
haha yeah. & nothing much, laying down with my doggie haha. You?
Confront today's challenges head on!
Just had the Best... Meeting... Evaarr... with a new partner/advisor/investor. Can't wait to show everyone what we developed this past year.
LMAOO LML (Like my loaf) loll
RT if you are preordering the Live Tour DVD! :)
making some bad ass shirts for your concert next friday :) we love u down here in Texas see you soon!!!
that's so romantical!
Her entire shoot had a Bangladesh government official on site which gave her a concern they would restrict her shoot
u are homie lets hang soon
#mycrazyobsession new album
We need a brain bowl/decathalon to settle mayor's race. Or mayor v food.
#authorizenet transactions going through, phew!!
Sprinting three blocks in a dress to frantically catch a bus even after your shoe flung off
hah vodka is the shit! wish i had some like last night! xD hah fuck the souls but praise the monsters! hah burnt as hell :D ready bitches?(;
will have to petition for relief more frequently; may increase the use of discovery referees and thus drive up costs
Yad Vashem was a great memorial of the Jews who die in the holocaust, but what of the 6 million others who were killed? Hardly any mention
Good luck, stay safe.
In the studio Wit n Big Lex workin on sum new shit Ready 2 go shut it down 2night at Zona
no im NOT !
O my people, hear my teaching; Listen to the words of my mouth.
How important of a political issue is medical cannabis? How do you feel about legalization?
they suck like that all across the board. it's incredibly hard to find benefits that don't feel like a
hitherto been deemed to be, surely it is to the interest of honest persons to know this fact, because the dishonest are tolerably
75 degrees here in the mad city. Unbelievable.
Happy Mothers Day
i got u boo
I love that movie.
I'm still sick :)
lol that's so funny. I went to the gas station that's all people were doing.
just read the other tweets. Love the outfit, and the ingenuity!
Up eArLy b0uT a gEt my hair did by SoFi..!feelin like ChANgE 2day! HhhhhmmmMM...!? What to do
stressing over not letting my girls down please help by choosing me
don't bro me if you don't know me.
Pretty hype that I'm having my open house with & though!
Q3: Thinking more in terms of ux/product strategy, how can we frame more LBS to not only be fun but "good for business"?
Also consider the restaurants at Whistling Straits & Blackwolf Run. Looks like there's a shuttle to Whis. Strait on the hour.
Follow him he's pretty chill
Can't say enough about how your teaching has promoted my success! Looking forward to more of the same! Happy 2011!
I was excused, so I'm good to go to the beach. Lovely as the experience yesterday was, I'm glad I'm not at jury duty again today.
“: Your turn... What is one of the worst movies you've ever seen?” Showgirls!!! Battlefield Earth!!
I need to spend sometime organizing my twitter lists to streamline my feed. Someone should automate this. Manual grouping seems barbaric.
Happy 5th Birthday !! :)
coffee and wine? That is a very interesting morning combo...I'll have to try that.
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
Well, kudos to for following up w/ me (on the phone) about their usability & documentation issues. Hope they fix them.
Just finishing some papers and drinkn some sweet peach tea wbu?
what do you mean how? This is twitter not texting lmao
Thanks for listening! Our apologies to Billy Joel... Not really. See you in two weeks, Marquette!
RT : Jojo Simmons RT : Name a artist who put in more work in these streets? #king of ny talk<---'diggy Simmons
you got no shot hyun!
Looks like the Huskies will be looking for a defensive coordinator.
#alwaysTRY Sounds like a really cool #song & Uhave been singing it a long time I have #art in my home frm '92-3 &B4 I get it
man, i dont understand twitter...
Went back over mixed media painting to be of rid all straight edges. That 'ole graphic designer part of me sneaks up from time to time.
we're on our way!
Yesterday some whore told me was stupid, today she found out she had AIDS
sitting on couch in DC just reading BR Tweets, and I swear yours gave me goosebumps.
Don't ever give up a good thing in search of a better thing or you will always end up disappointed. - Christian (mutiny on the bounty)
Its may ! Dollar burgers start today at rookies !:)
i don't believe in "swag"
That's your obvious winner! Might as well stop the trip right there. :)
So many political parties itching for the presidency. And more than 1 demanding end of corporate monopolies in Mexico
Brand new Cover Wars going up today! What song should it be?!
Family and loved ones no longer with us. #SomethingiMissTheMost "Keep your chin up and keep on moving"LCL. Gave us reason to make & create
your shady as fuck .
you're right. Muahaha.
What the HELL was #JoshSmith thinking?
#Didyouknow I only got 3 C's in my entire college career? Haha
Maybe we should put together a seminar or something.
Good morning!(:
FIREARMS & ACCESSORIES, FFL TRANSFERS, SPECIAL ORDERS, AND MUCH MUCH MORE!
That made my day :D
tonight's weather ♥ >
I can't wait to watch Revenge. I love that show.
Trees, flowers, grass grow in silence; the stars, the moon and the sun, they move in silence…God is discovered in the quiet moments - CHDyer
This evening, I just had a great time hanging with a great person who just so happens to be a great artist. Thanks Mickey!
DOES. NOT. EVEN. KNOW. Tragic.
Fine writing John. And very touching.
Ok officially bored
Just presented with my enrollment mgt colleagues to the #UWSOAR parents about the services we offer and FERPA.
That was the end!
Chad Michaels for the win!
“: that last express was weak” 👎
Can I come? Haha
Cleveland #Browns time!!!
Oh my gosh, we still have 6 hours to go?
Shouldn't make outs be called make ins? 💋😘😘😘💋
The suns out...finally! :)
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
Off to my bible study tonight and yoga earlier make for a good day
He can smell oak a mile away....
Damn quit complaining....
I stand by this statement. : "Tortillas in Texas are so different. They're just better."
I'll send this up to our environmental staff to see if we've explored this option.
RT : Thanks for sponsoring a fabulous happy hour, ! Everyone is having a great time !
the other ones
HEY beautifuls today was an emotional day, Im really sad!
follow me?
We're giving away a pair of tickets to this Sunday's concert at MIT on FB this afternoon!
thanks man!
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers and are famous preservers of youthful looks. -Charles Dickens
I can NOT wait until friday, and not for the typical reasons.
Jimmy Carter's favorite ex-president is himself? What an egotistic, narcissistic ass!
And to think.... I was seriously considering skipping convo today. Should have followed my gut 😲🔫
Done :D
I was thinking that too...
You were always worth it
On my Carmen San Diego tough :-)
love your tagline Lex, you crack me up!! Give our best to your Dad! love ya'! Miss cheering? lol
- so cool! Stained glass is so beautiful!
no but really did you text me? Because I told you to text me yesterday at lunch and I got a text from a number I didn't know
and that's why i follow you. the game 6 tweet was one of the funniest
Cant' wait to meet him tonight! RT : Come out to the Student Center from 12-2 and meet from the Think Like a Man...
My brother is waayyy to hyper
Praying for Aretha Franklin and her family at this time in their lives. Aretha is truly a national treasure.
Here at Mozaik our estheticians use Cirepil Wax, a non-strip wax and Flora-Waxa natural waxing system.
Up and at 'em! Treadmill time.
i learned today that if you really want something lie really bad. you have to reach out and just grab it because someday it just be gone.
Thank you We've been looking at the stars (& satellites) tonight after a long, but productive day.
Then moved to analyzing Twitter tweets for #globalwarming attitudes.
wanna help me bake a cake for mom?
I know<33 do you have a midterm tomorrow?
Starting an 8 year Education program at 24, better late than never
Pushy mom wanting *exactly* the right summer reading prize for her kids.
If I date again, she's not getting my address, email, FB, Twitter or phone number. She'll have to contact me X-Files style.
I'm not answering your texts for a reason.
how does warped tour this summer sound?.. :D
Be safe and remember: STRANGER DANGER!
: Crazy how people who say they can't do something or that their life is messed up always watch the most depressing stuff (Sad!)
If you get via email check your inbox now & check out the *WIN TICKETS* section before we post it for the rest of the world!!
we'll be making an announcement tomorrow or early Thursday! :)
why thank you
In the the #studio doing work with
"man that harry potter kid is such a jerk, treating apes that way!"
#beer with the tuna. Good to have him back
RT : Q1. Exhaustion in the soul that results in loss of vision/passion/joy and development of apathy.
Yeah, I brought in an extra driver for the nasty weather, because we always get super busy.. but then it didnt rain.
work is not a hopping bunny
according to a group of tweens, I'm a hit! woot.
The whitest.
"The American Vision" at Peabody Essex Museum. Lush, expansive landscape paintings from the Hudson School. Well worth a trip to Salem!
Sam Solstice used to say "In this biz sincerity is everything, once you learn how to fake that you've got it made!"
in other words the guy who has nailed your liberal ass to the wall. Truth is out, your cover is blown. You are now my hobby ,)
yeah, you too.
The winds of change are a blowin'.
U Think You The Shit Since I Cut My Dreads Off Bt Its Coo with
yeahh true!! how old are you though?
haha I'm sure it doesn't. I want to go to GA for more than a layover haha. and LOL yeah, we're so great. :P
#FF singer/songwriter/producer of 112 - You will love his tweets, his wisdom and music!!
Pretty good Saturday, world! It's 1 pm here and I'm still in my bed))). How is your Saturday going?
Interested in learning Salsa (on One), This class will turn you into a salsa pro in 10 short weeks. We begin by covering basic steps and m…
you'll b alright it's, r u smater than a 3rd grader so u should pass lol
Why out of all days yesterday?
is killing it... that's what's being said now at
"bizarrely worshipped Donuts ruse"?!?! Seriously, screw this guy.
finally caved and bought into the office lotto pool.
did you check the flight #?
I'm pretty sure, yes! We'll keep you posted!
Does Heath Bell have an option left?
Puff puff and retweet to the left!
but it's worth the money!!!
A church that doesn't worship, doesn't get it
I think I made the front page on reddit. Does that go on my resume?
The cologne business must be very competitive. With people paying dollars for scents, most businesses would want a piece of that!
can u please tweet every morning "rise & grind" haha
Happy Birthday, Farnoosh! Hope it's a great one!
I need to put things in perspective because I have a disease of perception
I love my man DON'T LET BITCHES GET YOU DOWN
Great choice! Rolling in the Deep is great writing music, as well. Definitely full of passion. ;)
anyone know of any good #weighloss pills?
I should really go study this song now...smh
Megan and Liz thank you so much for liking my video:) Love you all bunches <3 Hannah
Max and dave are bitches
s/o to #oomf for not textin ya boy back!
Looks like a really creepy movie! Was it at least worth watching?
A tenth-ballot choice after smoke-filled Blackstone Hotel mtg = largest popular vote landslide ever, no? :)
sorry girl.. its time us Lions shut U Cheese Heads Up...
VIDEO: Mike Allen, Evan Thomas talk POLITICOs 'Inside the Circus' - Politico
girl, you ain't the only one that's tryna be the only one.
But she's certainly not as cute as you!!!
alright :) and soz it took long to revise, i've been suuppeerrr busy.... EXAMS!!! :/
Alcindor, Robertson, and Fingers also have standing invitations. And Bango would go nicely with the sausages.
Well who is damnit. Dan needs some lovin' too.
Thanks for watching. RT : Watching Prisoner Of Her Past on KOCE. My, what stories told.
I need a job so bad!!! Looking everywhere tomorrow.
Agreed. MT : nothing wrong w/turning a profit for educating people; the way most for-profits have done it is despicable.
Listening to quadjacksdotcom still. BartHanson on right now.
I know you're "nice outfit" comment was your way of telling me to go home and change.
Sounds good. We're planning on getting to campus at around 10!
RT : How great would it be to #win a #free pair of jeans? Tweet/retweet us and help us reach 10K followers for your chanc...
I just submitted my photos & resume to !! I think it went through but I didn't receive a confirmation message?
So far so good! No hazing yet! ;) I do miss you guys in CT. Have a great show!
me: "today SUCKS." "well I guess we could use Ryan's piece." lmao typical day in the life of our crew.
Same page.. Nu name
That 30 Rock is no longer available on plus is basically the worst thing ever. Why, , why?
NP: Hold On, Sounds Of Blackness
What over the counter diet pills do you take?: I know I am going to get tons of different answers here, but I am looking to start tak...
I would hope that the apartheid regime would get more value for their money than cheap, ableist insults.
I'm trying to figure out how to help you. Will let you know.
I WANT YOU!!
well hi xD
lol I never wear them but lately I love them.
hell no!!
hell yeah! Love summer time :D get to be drunk while it is still light out! Good to see ya on Twitter!
thanks man!
is waist-deep in chilaquiles heaven.
It's Cuban Happy Hour! Come enjoy $1.50 Cuban coffees (hot or iced) from 4-7 pm all this week, that's 40% off!
The baseball season hasn't even started yet and I'm sick on Bobby Valentine
- roger that. I can go find it for myself... your comment has me curious to do a little investigating. Good question on your part
Congrats for the Oprah show ! We would love to have your film screened.
awe, please go back to Brazil, she needs you! ;)
Been on a total Ben and Jerry's binge as of late. I can't seem to kick it.
follow me liam sexy hair
RapTV has a 26 year history of doing good business on the global market and our basic membership fee is still just $1.00 per year.
This day in history: Toni Morrison wins the Pulitzer Prize for her novel Beloved (1988)
too bad other people dont
Tuition will come back to you ten fold in aquired wisdom.
Achieve Goals. Make new Goals. Achieve Goals. Make new Goals.
what up Cuzo
today is my birthday and i would die if you said happy birthday!!! ((:
When I met you, any change Now everything is different I want you to know my prince that there is none like you
Potential new office: super cool and bright but needs to be painted, a few things fixed. Sending list of demands with offer in the am...!
Hey : Why don't you follow anyone on Twitter?
Feel bad about lying to the blood center about being pregnant to not donate, but it is happier lie than I got a patient's poop in my eye :/
You not only make the grade, you set the standard for which the others should strive!!
Slow to wake up today. Gray crawled into bed with me to "cwuddle" this morning.
Just had the best dream ever!! Got to meet and all in the same night! I wish it would come true!(:
When you finish reading Ulysses, you'll never get a full night's sleep. ~D
Enjoy! We did a 10:30am Stags Leap #Cabernet tasting last time we were there - can't beat it!
It's NOT too late! Come on down to 555 Whitehall St. for Ballet at 5:45!
It was against the Cubs though.
I am not with YWAM anymore. I live in LA. How are you?
In negotiations class this week I'll be playwright's agent negotiating with a theater re: #newplay production contract. I'm screwed.
I really appreciate it. How about we duck tape the logo and letters on one of your shirts? Fits your brand too!
Congratulations to all ensembles who have qualified for ISSMA state finals!
just stunning
Does doubled-over-in-pain count?
What can I do to consume my time till 8 ...?? Igot nuthyn -_-
We apologize for the inconvienence and we are happy to give you a refund. Have a safe trip.
My girlfriend knows how to make me feel better about everything. I feel so loved and so lucky to have her :)
Have you bought and used a certificate from GTDT? Tell us about your experience. Good? Bad? The ugly? We want to hear from you...
1000 words for the day - DONE! And I'm just getting started, really. :D
S&P/Case-Shiller 20-city composite fell 0.8% compared to January levels; year-on-year drop to 3.5%. Index at lowest level since Oct. 2002.
no one likes me either, join the club!
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
THE FIRES OF INDUSTRY
The girl sitting in front of me is jamming SO hard to some Lady Gaga. And I mean SO hard.
yeee,i'm hungry too hahahaa. and i'm just listening music and playing with my brother :'3
My thoughts r with the jobs'....
bah- that stinks
Redstar has reached for 40,000 people on facebook this week! We are so excited and very proud! Book us for an event!!!
you never reply to me anymore and I don't get to text you...lol Me and my unlucky self(:
wanna come over
samee but you never know, emotions are always high and low, what's the point if it's fun at first then you find out its wrong
I just seen Kwane K @ the HEAT game smh
Kay Kay! Thanks! I'm hoping to make one of them! :D
South Beach Hotel For Sale 15 Mil
Leela's Restaurant in Little Haiti- suggested by the Urban Tour Host
what church you go to?
So you madd??
ayyyeee you got that from me :D
so I stayed away from the twitter machine.
I really hate how you make me feel .
Im fighting for my sanity
My favorite thought so far today: "Oh wait, I have a do file for that!"
what am I going to do without you?
what a hangover.. worth it tho. got to see some old friends i havent seen in awhile.
Needs To Tweet More lol :D
Rainy days are the best
#SMBmad Oh goody I will be back in town. Added to my calendar. #smbmad thanks
": hide ya kids, hide go wife" you already know!!!
on MKE sidwalk just now -"Succession Of Terrible Events Fails To Befall 33-Year-Old Riding Longboard To Digital Media Job"
Just started 2 new lists, "green" and "automotive". If you'd like to be on either one, please tweet us.
Sporting is now 4-0. That last one wasn't pretty, but it was a win.
Happy new year!
Two big auditions over the Easter weekend. Looking for two golden eggs this week!
Fun Fact: actually walks between C-bus and Cinci every week. He has to turn around right away to get back.
please follow me
Great win for the Indiana #Pacers tonight! Still can't believe there were tickets for a playoff game for $3.50.
You too! Always a learning experience when working with you.
Quote of the Day: If we wait for the moment when everything absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin....Ivan Turgenev
Do you still stock the frige w/ Pedialyte?
I may never be productive at work again.
Oh you a baker huh??
Seeing last night literally made my night so much better. #lovehim 😊
Hey LA Max & Ruffy's fans - Pethouse and Pawbar will be receiving their first order of M&R next week! Stop by and get some!
Taking My ACT On April 14th, 2012(:
Literal and figurative Rose Bowl hangover? RT The Kohl Center seems devoid of any kind of atmosphere tonight.
We must substitute faith for fear,fear is only inverted faith; it is faith in evil instead of good-Florence Scovel Shinn
I sure wish I could text :(
I hate that I can't retweet any of 's tweets!
Edna St. Vincent Millay~ Its not true that life is one damn thing after another it is one damn thing over and over.
Great NYE gig , thanks for coming out! Got a video of Crimson, but I seem to have misplaced my camera...
yo I lost u number
RT: There is no such thing as "sales" when done right. Its best to generously solve others problems!
Saturday April 21,2012 at 8:30pm at Left Coast Wine in Glendale, CA jazz with vocalist and Matt vanbenschoten bass.
You know what i am really goin hurt u so where the dollars at if its a real party
Use the Twitter plug-in for Facebook's site, then it will always pull your Twitter status no matter where/what you post from...
I know you are my parents and all, but at least speak to me with respect if I have to do the same for you.
I never feel at home until music is being created.
People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, and redeemed; never throw out anyone. -Katherine Hepburn
sweet! I may have misinformation! ;)
May all your ups and downs come only in the bedroom.
RT : Respect your elders. They made it through school without Google or Wikipedia.
that is awesome man!
Still working on the Camerata calendar issues -- continue sending event info directly to me for now. :-(
Leaving for #rva. I wonder what I've forgotten?
Come watch the cap city dancers perform to "We Will Rock You" and "Moves Like Jagger" at tonight's game! Game starts at 7:30!
Sister Claire we'd like to use a photo of Angouleme from your website for a library newsletter - can we get a hi res version?
Attending the Hope Pregnancy Center of Van Zandt County's annual fundraising banquet.
I've got a river of living water, a fountain that never will run dry.
So great to see and His lovely wife Angela last night ! Thanks for coming, buddy!
Interesting to see if Scott Tolzien will be the number 2 to Phillip Rivers at the start of the season.
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote, T. Jefferson Last Words “At least Adams still lives.” July 4, 1826
Are you still out there? Camping? Mosquitoes are diabolical in the Goethe State Forest.
will it be higher than your weight? 's weight?
lots of cosplay pics uploaded. next week i'm shooting new stuff, it's been FOREVER and i gotta get my cosplay on =)
5th ANNUAL G'S DAY PICNIC SUNDAY MARCH 18TH THURGOOD MARSHALL PARK
Thanks for the shout outs and the RT's!
Nintendo 64 again?
Fabulous Design Tip: Display vases of branches on your mantel. Enjoy the beautiful lines and simpleness of the branches.
Ah, I knew I loved Denmark! One of my favorite places!
Q: Why not define a new word? A: u'r answer is "Because it won't illicit the same connotation as the word 'slavery.' "poor logic
Hawaii 50 set up on DVR for tonight :)
... not thinking about stress management.
“Cheers to a New Year and another chance for us to get it right.”—Oprah Winfrey
Just landed in Baltimore!
I wish I could watch the usteam! :( is someone recording it? :)ohh yeahh and there are too many cute boys on my indoor soccer team! Hehe! :)
Happy Easter weekend! I'm going to be 'peeped' out by Monday.
Its finally frieday!!!!!!!!
WE HIT 500 FOLLOWERS ON TWITTER! THANKS FRIENDS AND
Anxious for tomorrow night!
haha I'm sure the feeling is mutual!
We will be catalysts, we will embrace those who have been abandoned
Setting up at United for #Haiti! Free food and entertainment! Come meet reps from 20+ legal, medical, and service groups TOMORROW 12:30-3:30
So, if by the time the bar closes, you feel like falling down, I'll carry you home...tonight
Always sunny is hilarious
I wish I woulda read this a lil earlier, when next time u available?
Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to the big event! Happy Holidays!
Ah....I was hoping it wasn't going to be something so foolish.
Was that thunder? It is 61 out ...
I NEED HEALTH INSURANCE
the "Upper Dater" silly goose!
side note I love my mommy <3
RT : Are you underwater on your Bank of America Mortgage? Contact Clark Howard's producer
Let me rephrase that.. This is for the people that don't give a fuck and KNOW they're the best. Confidence >
I'm good :) one day at a time! That pic of the newly weds is Gorg. Wish I was in that weather, lol..Gonna email you in a bit!!!
Overheard the Packers (inc A. Rodgers) will be at Zanders tonight while eating there
Hey Followers here's a new number 855-591-1035 - call it and request J. Crist 'Feelin Fine' or text it to 53105
ExtraMUROS using LC's collection of lantern slides to tell stories about the history of the American landscape
Had an awesome interview with ! Thanks so much for your time! :)
President will arrive 10 minutes early
Im scared of eye drops O:
My coffee today is called "intimate." Will there be this awkward silence & do I have to cuddle w/ the cup when I get finished with it?
RT USA only. What us why u love chocolate and u could be one of 30 winners to have Hersheys Drops before anyone else.
That play at 2nd was NASTY
Q: What's a polar bear? A: It's a rectangular bear after a coordinate transformation.
I've missed being able to walk 5 steps without spams. Oh wait ask that too soon...
welcome to twitter
I'm irritated as fuck. Things just arent going how I want and im sick of it. I kno the world dont revolve around me
When you see my face I hope it gives you hell
but it deffinately hurts
“Protecting the rights of those who have not yet been born is a fundamental obligation of a civil society.
Dr Alonso of Balmore city schools and both support the bottle tax which would provide dedicated revenues for school construction
Why is it so hard to save money over the summer
My son be all over me while im asleep i think thats why i always wake up this time
I'm so sorry to hear that Garrettdid you wrong like that Dahvie!
I'll be at the talent show around 2:00ish!! Sorry i couldnt make it earlier!
The full moon is bringing the strange today.
Those look strong
thanks buddy!
I can't wait to see this fucking relationship go down hill in about two weeks, watch, watch(;
Kill strangers in the wilderness and take their stuff. But don't touch the people in the town, they have friends.
good news. Now go play catch or something you wuss :)
Thank you for following! Followed.
We havn the illest house party next month n wilknsburg project x swag white boys n shit ctfu
Kid-Friendly Dinners Pleasing the kids at dinner isn't always easy, especially if you have picky eaters in the house. And let's face it,
Glad I don't plan on visiting Iran anytime soon :)
It's feels good that oomf put me on some new music 😌😏
Let me just get up and finish this goddamn website.
Me RT : I will not tweet again until someone tells me that they want tweet 1300 dedicated to them. come on someone
You've got til midnight tonight to files your taxes!!
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: Art of Dwight.
Thanks for the #FF. We're in good company there!
. Sad that you weren't at Logan this year! Hope all is well with you . . .
congrats! Good luck!
one last good word for SEC to Nerlins
Tell 'im he can play Hillary when SHE becomes Prez! ;)
Last night the #Angels won their 4th 1-0 game of the season, 2nd most in the AL. Last year they pitched no such games,
I suspect we'll need as many fully empowered nurse practitioners and family MDs as we can get in 10 yrs
Why don't you just mention me in your tweet.?
um you mean 5-7? No bowl game haha
so if u tryna get sum placements in lemme see ya catalog
if you are getting advice from in DMs, you are now officially my hero. :-)
RT : if you haven't found your passion, try adding more risk and change into your life. Passions are discovered and not given
- JR yeah! They are trying to pull a fast one with merch that hadn't shipped yet! #pricegouging!
I'm just waking up! I thought it was a bad dream-cant believe we lost-DAAYYUMM!!
pull every morning. Great stuff.
Economy Watch: Productivity in the U.S. looks to have slowed and this puts pressure on profit margins
doing a dirty rice, red beans and rice and garlic bread tonight. will share our family recipes
59 days to graduation...finish line is in sight!
Happy Father's Day:)
About 50 pages into IQ84. I think this is the longest book I have ever attempted to read.
Ain't she the best? RT #FF most awesome band around w the talented ^_^
SO TRUE. See it. // RT : Finally saw Inside Job last night. Didn't sleep. Shit is evil.
RT - like i said Wednesday any games my Jacksonville Jaguars win w/ Luke McCown as our starter is by the grace of GOD...
I'm guessing 29
I hope that I pass the 7th grade, don't really have a good grade in math, and I need to raise them because when the 18th comes, im done.
Fear and Loathing: On the Ice Cream Truck Trail '11
Today here in #Princeton, the #weatherbug reports both a FREEZE WARNING and a FIRE ALERT
Congrats on the move to #Scottsdale! It's great here!
Oh, I see Bob Carpenter put new batteries in his Hyperbole Machine
Woot, what a beautiful friday
Hey everyone! Follow she's smart, funny and hot!
Its just BUBBLING bitch -.-
Put Your Hearts Up for !!
I still think the moon is made of cheese. Agree to disagree.
Back to being focused!
Thanks for sharing! So glad they are reconsidering #directfile in
While I'm in Cali, I've decided that I'm a pescetarian.
bitch ass nigga I got my diss track to u coming soon! Be ready..... BRAINS ON WALLS ENT. - EZ Beatz
Oh we'll do that soon enough;) lol
I Know :P But Facebook...Suddenly Got Addicting :D
'Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark' Cast (Reeve Carney, Bono & The ...
I Will Forever And Always Be Supporting You!!! <3
Our October is now on newsstands! Learn how to find new creativity, become a professor, examine artwork with a critical eye, and more!
Glad to see the Pacers get that one.
Cool: interested in using temporal/spatial mapping to track constructions of race over time.
Haha. This is true! Sometimes I look around and wonder why I'm being self conscious. So many people aren't!
he said "hi my name is Tj.. im only 12 years old and...im am alcoholic."
You have my attention. ": I love that 's parents in GIRLS are one part Freaks & Geeks and one part Bosom Buddies. "
They don't treat any of their non white, non rich, non male voters like they matter.
As it get's cold out, stay warm w/ a beautify knitted headband or cashmere arm warmers made from recycled sweaters.
I don't know about other pizza but it's true for NYC pizza. RT : Maddie says Angry Birds isn't nearly as addictive as pizza.
Nice! See you there! RT : Got 2 Tickets to Charity event tomorrow!!! Who wanna roll
lol that was a good one. 😂
you look like Usher there PLaya
What is Lubys?
Incredible RT : #orioles bullpen ERA down to 1.58 this season
": It takes great skill to tell a compelling story in under 60 seconds."
Wow your Twitter pic...
that's that shit I dont like
POINT OF INFORMATION: ERIC RICHARDSON IS NOT THE LEADER OF OCCUPY NEWARK! WE HAVE NO LEADERS! WE ARE ALL OUR OWN LEADERS!
We'll see you at Slims! ;) RT sounds good to me! RT where should I meet you guys??? Just the three of us
Thanks. Tried to DM you but you aren't following me yet, just my business :).
lol invisible friends
You already have close to an anime name. What's the new short hair look like?
What's his naaammmmeeee?!
im fucking irish
4 camera reminders / day. Shoot your daily diet. Include all your beverages. Should be an easy assignment with your camera phone. Surprised?
Trying to park in a lot will be the death of me
you saw michael's cover of Nightmare right? :)
Struggling to stay awake while writing my paper, so I decided to have a dance break to
Lol this is funny I'm "fake"
Jason, too funny! And don't forget the hand sanitizer...
ok. now im out
Who decides what's appropriate? Again it depends on industry, your personal brand and your age.
I’ll bet a fiddle of gold against your soul that I'm the best you've ever had...
Action cures fear. Indecision and postponement, on the other hand, fertilize fear. Dont delay. ACT.
S. Dakota St & fans losin s*** over winning conf (& rite to face like Kansas in rd 1) is what makes NCAA hoops gr8 (& f'ball lame).
Holy crap. The price of gas is ridiculous.
Just tell me to sod off and I'll belt up.
I had a dream, beauty was only skin deep & if we all believe that's all we need, nothing else can set you free.
now its my turn lol
Digital primary documents are awesome but my eyes hurt.
thanks so much! and i know, shes beautiful!
everytime I'm with you all I can think of is her
i see u in yo new pic. Got da muscle shirt. Oh. Ha.
if I come up there would we be able to meet him or
The VHM is currently without phones or email but we will be open our regular hours ( 9 - 5) throughout the week.
Going to et a thousand chickens for
I need someone to go watch The Hunger Games with me this weekend .
or maybe I was just having a good day. I kinda set the tone the 1st game! Lol
nigga i know , i texted you baac .
thats right and glad to see you on here..need some good laughs!
My head is killing me.....geesh
Sorry I missed the conference call, will try to see about getting in on it next time.
if she didnt know about you why u mad at her b mad at ur mann HER PRESENTATION WAS WRONG BUT HEAUX STAY WINNING
aint that the truth. I mean even Rocky Horror was once cult and now mainstream.
I shouldn't have gone out last night. -_-
"Stand still and know that He is God and theres no need to fight the battle is not yours the battle is the Lord's" i strayed away from this
The ability to play solid D comes not from the confidence of training, but from the desire to stop your opponent from influencing the game.
hey thank you!
someone lend me a million dollars! Shoe shopping is no fun when your broke!
Spent almost 2 hrs today in library basement w/ 2 teachers & 30 kids for tornado warning. Excitement waned as kids' phones had no service!
Even if you can contribute a few cases, every amount helps. Just let me know!
S/O if you're ever down, she'll make you feel better. Follow her! :)
Share Your Dream.
Issues affecting SNAPpers would definitely be a core part of what I want to see, but not exclusively (1/2)
RT : Q5) How can (and should) social be leveraged in supporting learning?
Off to work :( What an early day after working till 1130PM
M... Love is in the air!
Shaq just called Paul Pierce "Mr. Scoring Man" LOL. Guy has been invisible. Guess someone forgot to tell Rondo this game was on TNT
Earlier Kei Kamara was trending nationally!
The authors of the book series Chicken Soup for the Soul, Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen, said that they did five things everyday tow…
In an Indiana casino tonight, studying vocabulary, whilst downstairs, DH fleeces the locals.
Who thinks is the best singer ever!?If you to RT this!!!!!!!
I WANNA GO. Are the seats good? So awkward just saying it like that, but yea, lmao. I'm nice and everything. :)
srsly, shred the chicken off the bones and mix it all together. Maybe add a touch of nutmeg. Sounds delicious!
Must FIRST understand how users consume content to then monetize and tweak to amplify
PHO CITY policy- you can't order an appetizer in addition to a main dish. You HAVE to order a combo! Huh?
Hello and thanks for the follow!
Patiently waiting. . .
Kevin Martin SG for the Kings has 23 points on 8/11 shooting in the first half.
Thanks for visiting #CLT So great catching up!
You have to be aware at all times and respect what you see.You can't bend fantasy into reality, you have to deal with what's the real truth.
Lol...had to repost this ...wow RT : "A slut is simply a woman with the morals of a man."
I meant it. And still do. At least, I meant it the way I *said* it.
I'm so over-caffeinated that I literally feel drunk.
Lots of fantastic discussion on the #cetis12 conference tag; sorry to not be there this year.
impossible to wake me. Just ask
“: I just realized I'm a lesbian” I'm lesbian too
": That nigga used to be my boy too..." dude he use to harass me all the time lol
Burden on Children: How many workers does it take to support a senior?
Man I wish I could go!!! That does look fun :D
Currently working with an exceptional triad of writers.
DP DENTAL SUPPLY IS LOOKING FOR SALES REPRESENTATIVE NATIONWIDE. GREAT INCOME. GREAT HOURS. MORE INFO 321 441 9041
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
Love you sweetie!!! Miss you tons. <3
that is so cool lol
Dan Orlando just started and sounds great! We're up next at Rohs!
yep, my homegirl handles their PR... she shot this to me a couple weeks ago.
HA! Too awesome love the addict of the week
2012 Council seat in district 13. Who to vote for? Contact me...working with an energetic community involved guy. He's the one!
it's gonna be hilarious
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too! William Shakespeare
Sex makes babies
Cameron Diaz looks like she could beat up Dwight Howard
we would LOVE you for our August cover for our trendsetters issue! how do we find your publicist? :)
ur not on right now.
there's a place in S.M. that has the most amazing spicy margs! And then there's the boutiques/shopping.
As an economist by education, it should surprise anyone that THAT is more interesting to him than sympathy.
i should take you...even tho I don't know were it is;)
Here we go...
mm now I'm hungry.
I got a fever, and the only prescription - is more HOPS!
Spending the holiday weekend without my Double Dark Chocolate ? Unthinkable! Note to self-swing by grocery store on way home!
I thought you were pro-transparency.
what's the problem you're experiencing though? no connectivity?
Abandon ship
they'll have to see how they do first. Vermes doesn't draft losers, lol
Bitches love DMs.
"Don't let this dry skin fool you. In the summer months, I'm very attractive." - My pick-up line for tonight.
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
Going Green shouldn't put you in the Red! Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning for a Green Cleaning Experience of a lifetime! 206-414-1039
good so what u doin
Did you know that your digestive system has more receptor sites for emotion than any other area of your body, including your brain?
#Flyers call timeout with 10:12 left after they are called for icing.
can't get enough of Morgan Freeman's Through the Wormhole. i forgot how much i love documentaries about the universe!
10-to-1 Ted Nugent gets audited this year.
thank you for inviting us to be part of the jobs fair - great turn out, let's hope we can help them all.
ZOMG No more Walmart!??
Can't wait to go to the Philippines! YYYEESSS!!
Definitely Erika! You can DM me your email address and I will send you all the info you need! It is VERY exciting!!! :-)
He's on mine too been a bit of a letdown this week but don't worry he'll come through :)
sorry could u elaborate? Im not understanding ur point
Its better to keep ur mouth shut and people not thinking ur an idiot than open it and prove them right...
This! RT: Few things make me as inexplicably uncomfortable as Harrison Ford's earring.
ik.. These idiots get paid to do stupid crap! It's wrong!
I hope she's apologizing for that outfit
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. Women & camp life the #CivilWar. $2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
New videos coming out soon
awww ur so cute together hope this realationship stays forever and turns into something serious in the future♥
U suck #Billycundiff!!
Make a joyful noise fellow musicians. Give thanks for the gift within you.
"bold words for a girl who no longer wears her necklace"
Teach me your ways. You have so many friends and are still look gorgeous doing it.
follow follow follow me
ok show me
Still using Brendon's fone, starting too miss mine but I dnt noe were he put it :(
Mother of God, throw in Madonna and the Super Bowl is truly too gay to function.
#NW The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
2012 film watching! #20. Midnight in Paris (Allen, 2011). Watched the blu ray, and loved the transfer. My second veiwing of this film.
Facing one more of one of the most difficult days of my life. God wouldn't put me through anything I can't handle. RIP Grammy <3
Down to a single digit lead!
Terrific informatics session...lots of new tools to help our patients!
New phone hmu
I think I could need this in my life and I think I'm scared, I think too much
Roll through, I told Andrew we would let you know when we got here
I am up!!! I wanna be down in my bed!!! Bwaaahhh! >.<
I'm in D3
“Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.”
Head over to Friday's for #DJ Night featuring DJ Little B from 9pm-1:30am! Music, food, #drinks and a great opportunity to mingle!
parents are too busy , to take me . lol :3
Patience is a virtue! 😊
#Glee and #NewGirl tonight!
Sending good thoughts towards today!
basically cats are the answer to everything!
She's been here over forty minutes, covered her chair in newspaper and has yet to login to a computer. WTF?
either or... I want to rent till I know i'm ready to stay in one spot for YEARS! but I have to have a house family is to big
chill out and have a pizza nark
Wait a minute...people are going crazy for a Meek Mill mixtape?! Say it ain't so!
RT : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. Confucius-RT
People are pathetic all they care about is themselves glad my real friends came out for my birthday last night
fangirl until someone in your house gets the idea that you REALLY want to go to their consert haha..
They need to shoot lights out and score in upper 70's. We'll see! “: can the 'noles pull the upset?”
....but a pain in the ass to get off.
Looking for low-fee couples or family therapy? Call us today! 3037563340
Fall......Love theres nothing better
Really wants to go to homecoming. But I dont have one :P I want to ask someone but I fell it would be weird to invite myself to theres. :P
Prepping for messages this weekend. Internalizing and drinking lots of water
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
I get freaked out so easily.. Lol
In sexy science revision with
so nice of father
Cheddar peppers at sonic>>>>>
Jayme would be welcome without the jug, but it would be gladly accepted and SHARED!
RT : 8:10 pm ET: Scott J. Brown will discuss the potential economic impact of the earthquake and tsunami on CNBC
#kids Orange County Weight Loss Boot Camp- Anaheim Hills/Yorba Linda: Orange County Weight Loss Boot Camp- Anaheim Hills/Yorba Linda from...
I'm not sure if y'all have been to for Michaels Sazerac? But, tonight it's going for $5. Until 8.
can it be Saturday please I wanna dance!!!
Total USA Domination...#US23's
more info please
The link in my bio explains, any questions make sure to ask me! :)
nobody wants to new cooped up here FOREVER!
A fam just wondering what's the lineup for the king of the Arch battle?
Morning Joel. What's poppin'? Anything new on your iPod lately?
Trying my damndest to fight off anxiety about tomorrow. Maybe I'm not ready. I'm letting my thoughts go a mile a minute.
Omgdness. I'm so tired, and the Dang thing won't leave.
Being set lose at clay terrace with $140 #yesdeals 😄👍
Getting my nails done in the morning with my Ma!
I DIDNT EVEN SAY ANYTHING MEAN I JUST SAID I DONT UNDERSTAND UR PICTURE AND THAT I WAS WONDERING UR AGE TO SEE IF WE CULD
It's absolutely shocking how horrible the customer support is at Atlantic Broadband. I could write a book on the crap they've put me through
i like south african faces
Holy poop. It's flippin cold outside. That wind is retarded people.
No stimulus needed, not one taxpayer dollar, no party bickering, no rhetoric and no legislation. I am creating jobs here in SW Florida
why arent you sleep tho...girl you now you got school lol
I run wit scissors because it make me feel
Foreigner rocked the socks off that state fair.
Trap House...
DC: After the Post, the Examiner and the City Paper endorsed Fenty, the people voted Gray in. Fenty, pack your bags and move to NYC!!
I absolutely LOVE ur twitter name LOL Kudos on the creativity. R U a writer?
you? never. i still have our prom pic over here. oh NAHS. lol. i'll come by to see you and the fam when i come home
thats what I heard
Indeed MT : Occasionally I hear a phrase like "now, in terms of psychographics..." & remember how happy I am to be in editorial.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The program is honestly rigged it is a joke. Whatever u do don't play.
Need Chicago area tech writer, ASAP, for industrial, service manual, project. Interested? Contact or 847.631.1299
I think you one biased accordion player re: rhubarbwhiskey.bandcamp.com
Hey tanya my name is jen and i LOVE otep too!! Have you ever seen them live. . .its pure greatness!!
I'm about to leave school hahah
lol there's another word for what you are (x
Word here at the Rose Garden is that Ty Rattie will play tonight
Which fly captured the ladybird? The dragon-fly.
Round and Round she go
Music in Movies, Shorts and Documentaries: #IHaveAnIdea! Great rock song with clear powerful lyrics abt incest, poor excuse for lust. 31412
Just found out that my painting was destroyed in shipment.
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Derulers are in control (control)
We even have two floors. Maybe one can be republican themed and one can be democrat themed. haha.
she gotta wet pussy like im finna take a test pussy orange and red is the best pussy take a nigga to the crest pussy lol like yeah...
bout ta say ol skool
Well, to be fair, that's the imposter Sin Cara. So there is still a chance that the real one will.
Thanks for the follow Nick!
8 more days of school left... I might piss on myself!!
damn tough choice. Probably parker for street cred
We'll miss you Etta. RT Music fans everywhere are in mourning: RT : Singer Etta James died, acc'd to friend/manager.
- Try out David Wright in Center field and play Daniel Murphy at 3B.
i know. :c
lol! have double work now, finally working on my book again ;)
Because you're a woman. Oh snap!!
haha. I'm such a fat kid at heart.
Fireworks are on sale! You could have your own Independence Day.
RT : I hope Rebecca Black decides to do an acoustic album.
I see the end-of-the-semester funk hasn't lifted yet.
Threw 5 penneis in the air and they all landed on heads!
Follow us and we follow u p.u.
Okay as soon as you open the door you dive into the bathroom headfirst, make sure you have a show with you or whatever (cont)
I just want to be clear on whether or not TSL had an opportunity at all to make a counter offer?
Just spent 3 hours trying to troubleshoot my home WiFi. 2 different boxes failing the same way. Solved, but I still don't know why.
Followin' history folks ... !
Lol oh damn now I can't that tune out of my head
It's a miracle I didn't get my ass kicked on the dance floor last night. Apparently, I forgot other people were out there
uh no? U guys r in the same room
"I cured myself of hepatitis c." - Keith Richards' audiobook.
Haha almost hit
I'm sure that makes you happy. Why don't you watch Dexter and celebrate rather than study for chemistry ;)
awh <3 my prayers are with your family, she'll be missed. x
Listening and hearing are two different senses
Not a fan of spam.
because birth control viotlates religious freedom, duh.
Woohoo I can't wait! You're ahead of the game.
(In another version, Facebook will replace airports.)
"Serial killer" to "intermittent, yet persistent, unpleasant relation"
Just a 10 hour sit at the 'puter workday away from WEEKEND!
Chris Browne: "Dulles is not a fully mature facility. Could more than double activity inside fence."
#i_love_carrie good luck
7 out of 16 teams in the Sweet 16 are either FROM Ohio or in the B1G. Awesome.
lmao u dumb
If you're my past, I don't have time for you in the present, cause I simply don't want you in my future. You're where you belong.
i heard that you like the bad girls/honey is that true?
I love this quote: The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart ~ Helen Keller
nigga nobody cant Stop the Kentucky Rattlesnake and you know that willow does what he wants when he wants cant nobody stop me!
New dress, new shirt, new bag courtesy of Jessica Llamozas , my rich ass sister lol
FYI it means I am feeling superman
Yeah, the time is ripe for Fashion Valley to raise rents and snag super-premium tenants. Like Zara.
Am I not to assume it's an exclusive interview with me, America's First Fish?
If I doubt a word, I always check the #dictionary for the word's spelling & definition. Everyday, I build my vocabulary as a
D: what . lol . i coulda sworn . i was mad at you for like an hour after i realized you aint text back . welp . my bad .
It's called Scalability and Programming, and he touches on the work done at VPRI on doing radically more with less code.
Have to work today. All I want to do is sleep.
i tried! hahah. one day... ONE DAY
about this hiatus, we need to talk! You know you're my shot of morning Twitter espresso :)
we totally ruined her friday ! :)
Paul Pierce comes through in the clutch w/ the fadeaway J to put up 90-84 and complete a 7-0 run. 1:18 left on TNT. ball."
do you boo boo
Love my Blazers <3
No, Steve. No. : Tan is the new charcoal grey.”
Poor critter. He was really, really lost.
Thanks for the follow, write on.
Team no sleep#
I have like five twitters... Is that weird?
I'm liking the pullover hoodie and the keeping it positive shirt, and I'm also really liking the yeti hoodie.
Mr. Feldman: all of Memphis rooting for Chris M. Would be great to see him at TV final table.
At least the Caps won!
waffles… making lots of waffles
Grossest Sunday morning ever: Six flies wrapped in my New York Times.
Praying for my mentor, Chad Briscoe. His friend's family, the Kurrles, were in a car accident in Paraguay. The wife and son were killed.
y'all should go to magic kingdom tomorrow to celebrate your 5 years with and I!
Love living in the city! Home sick and is just outside our building getting me soup at Can't beat that!
Alam Pro Cleaning Services is an aggressive, highly competitive and value-oriented property maintenance company. We have a strong cleaning …
for now
The only people who go to the Kentucky derby are loaded old men with there #HOES who wear bisexual hats
140! :-) RT Fill in the blank: I've been making music for ____ years.
Giving people a voice and letting people tell their own stories seems to be a main interest at this PIC. Wonderful.
I hope ridestthe bus today... I DONT WANNA BE ALONE!!!!!!!!!!!
I had no idea they had kids shoes at the Fox in RWC thought it was just concerts!
"3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that won't cry, lips than won't lie, and love that won't die."
interesting and good: v. sattui angelica. Port made with muscat.
thanks for the follow Lance!
i keep putting off going to the friggin' gym but I can't start my day until i have pumped some iron!!!!! Motivation needed!
I'd appreciate it if they were shirtless. Just saying.
+1 RT : YES! "Be museum experts first, technology experts second."
It is now 4:42 and im still not sleepy
We have a shload of laundry to do. I'm sure it would be more than a part time gig and you can have wednesdays off.
Agi, thanks for the daily mention!
Black keys kicking ass at
RT With our AR project we included an extra layer where we mixed museum content and wikipedia
I love painting my nails.
Back 2 my 1st tweet, let's c some DEFENSE Broncos! Come on Von Miller...
But what do the VOTERS like?
chill out keyleigh jershey shore make shows like your look wack...they have millions of followers you have 5,000 lmfao
RT : End of two, the Hawks lead 3-2.
All I hear coming out of Mitch's mouth is blah blah blah blah blah... Puke!!!
I thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at your library's reference desk last night. You have such amazing & intelligent students!
love the Beast but it is Miller Lite all the way.
lol it was so fun!! :D
hahah uh oh...had the bbq chicken tenders sandwhich
Might be very telling at the end of one year: 45/78 AP ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND COMPOSITION students picked up summer packets for next year.
tomorrow i think im gunna make a bieber background.. if its pretty illg ive it to you
Every thing I touch I bruise
When does wanna got to the movies. ?(:
Great seeing you last night! You know I can take it and dish it out, too!
thanks for the phOtos!
I just notice i have 3 containers full of band shirts and a closet full of more band shirts oh and 2 drawers full of more bands shirts lol
The way someone plays an instrument is a voice, after you listen to them play - even when you don't know the song you know who's speaking.
I see that charm of Ireland Lucky's on Layton has closed. Wonder what is the next themed bar will be
*eats it, smiles*
thanks. preciate it
its ok thanks!!!!
Faith or Reason?
The Boys Next Door
Damn everyone is dry at lunch. Where the feens at!
Got a piece of mail offering a $5000 loan with 30% APR. Think I might sign up, not pay it back, then register democrat and whine about it.
Enjoyed seeing the reference by Austin Keyes to the old movie with Charles Aznavour.
Push it to the limit no matter what!
Interesting discussion on right now re: scoreboard mishap in Pats/Ravens game on Sunday
Ok later though I'm busy lol
Omg. Awesome.
lol wow dont u get bored of it? ;;
People say do what you love and the money will follow.
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world. -Kaiser Wilhelm
and i know. but its hard to be positive sometimes when you are a teen girl and "kirby" fatherless. :(
but do you really want him to go pantless?
RIP #MikeWallace Send us back reports from wherever you end up.
No that's fine! My bus doesnt actually come until like 7:20, but we leave a bit early
Your welcome, glad you found a spot
Local false flag creeps showing their true colors more as their support erodes. Perfect they've chosen shit as their weapon.
Thr CW says it has the goods.
Yeah? That's cool bro.
I want to see a #2012isTheJonasBrothersYear TT
It's time to fight for our inches
O. That's good! Let's go with it.
Mark Barron at number 15 to the Eagles, now that looks really good.
Well fans - we have a new home!! We will be reopening next month on Murphy Canyon Rd and Aero Drive. Hope to see you there
Great quotation - "Dreams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask" - The X Files
I think both crows could tell I was there to help. I made crow noises all the way to the rehab to keep crow feeling safe.
sorry doll :(
Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out?
Welcome to the twitterverse,
"If a girl cries for a boy, she really loves him. But if a boy cries for a girl, nobody will ever love the girl the way he does"
That's funny! And, it sounds delicious.
Its about to go Down! (kevin hart voice)
I'm not sure where this is going lol
I don't even know if only they were ugly then life would be easier
#MISTLETOE already has me in the Christmas spirit! #MISTLETOEISAMAZING cant stop replaying it! Proud of u bro!
every time i see you at an RF match it must be so nice to be such good friends. best seats in the house ;-)
Uh oh. Bag suspicions well founded. Landed in Charleston sans bag. They say it may arrive tonight. Keep your fingers cross for me!!
Come on Grizzlies!!! Don't do this to me. #GRIZZNATION I think we need to go up in prayer for this game...smh
Yes! Best One!! fantastic flying books of mr. morris lessmore
I was laughing so hard.
BO. PURPLE & GOLD only Tony. Have you been away too long? Kidd should have been a Laker. You feel me.
"What exquisite emotional armor you're wearing!" is a good ice breaker at a party
I'd give my life for her I'd gamable it all away just to be with her nobody i dont want to love anyone else but u just u
K-Diamonds are joining African Americans 2012 for Obama2012.
is that because it's supposed to be at 4GB?
Finally got some clarity! And I feel some sort of relief! Thank God!
SAPX radar it this coming week hearing good things coming
haha! Yea! I know! My bad! Lol! & You NEED to check this guy out! asdjklif -->
Power lunch w/ & is a LOT of Georgetown all at once! I held my own, though.
Sox loss is gain!
Hanging at summer camp and not getting paid
My sandless sandbags are the High tech alternative to tradtional sandbags. Environmentally safe. Best protection available for flood control
Tonight's Thai Talay Seafood class with guest Chef Ang Robinson has a fantastic menu! Do you have a favorite Thai dish?
interesting though a very simplistic view of socialism
My gut is torn. I love to teach, it is my truth. But I can't let a bully continually hurt me
Picking up hiking shoes, says sports authority is da place, so I'm checking there 1st
no problem hope you get to your goal(:
Thanks for the RT and the follow!
was just named Rochester's Favorite Property Management Company in the 2011 Rochester's Choice Awards for the second year in a row!
oh yea, pittman's 3 min start to missing in action
Hennepin County Library - Nokomis reopens tomorrow! Come on over! www.hclib.org
that's about my speed these days actually.
oh that sucks :(
Why is HTML/CSS the go-to 'code' language to be used in writing courses? Is it because no compiling needed to see its results in a browser?
Off to Fed I go
6 more minutes till h&m opens
Too wet to even do a strength workout on the court, let alone play.... #nowwhat?
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
Mitt Romney speaking about gay marriage at Liberty University...aka Sunday school.....fucking retard
Yup. Ive been watching since had millz vs Mook. They need to do.something in the Chi.
I'm smdh too.
the only upside to the idiotic pick of Irvin by Seattle is that the Browns have a shot at a stud at 22.
We welcome back Dan Guith to our estimating/CAD department! Great things are happening. We are thrilled to have him back on our team!
We really need a new twitter background. Any suggestions?
I am thinking around 830 9 I will try to be off as soon as possible
Its been Hard Days Nights! RT : Bet they don't know who the Beatles are either ;)
"So you're saying I'll only get $2 million, but you'll set me up with a Raiders cheerleader?"
For you shall go out with joy, and be led by peace. Isaiah 55:12
Get your asses off the court lol
a zarf in words with friends played by my wife, I'm sorry I'm calling bull shit. There needs to be a bull shit button on words with friends.
yeah it was!! i love iron man! :)
Hope you are all well and watching the Basia Show throughout the Caribbean
Mark Twain said, -The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.- Share a favorite clean joke.
Are you looking to turn this day into a fantastic Thursday?
Does #firespaz not own a watch?
I'm currently giving advice on taxes yall! Come join me & at the !
If you'd prefer to shift the convo to email send me a DM please
need a ark? I Noah guy.
Blue looks cool, but brown protects and serves.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool When am I ever going to need to know this?!?!?
Woo hoo neighbor's drilling project is complete just in time!
In the studio wit and man another hit from just amazing are last song y'all we almost there :))
Someone please tell me what's up with my mentions :(.
Kevin Eastman speaking at this years clinic. Very few bring the knowledge and insight like Coach Eastman.
Storm near Lake Mills has the potential to produce half dollar size hail.
While doing research for my MA thesis I found the following quote "In Las Vegas, it’s the museums that are fake, not the paintings." OUCH!
The only thing you can do with your life is give it away. This is the true essence of feeling purposeful. ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Love Tea Chai Te! Used to go there all the time when I lived around the corner.
Stop on by our FB page for free support during your weight loss journey www.facebook.com/LVHCG
#roadtrip #miami here we come.
So are we! RT : Tonight at Roulette.. hear , new piece for bass & electronics,and more! I'm excited!
excited to take my scholar out to dinner tonight from !
Big game tonight for the #FloridaPanthers Hockey! Let's go Cats! #NHL Playoffs
to all of my family, friends and supporters-- thanks for the belief! I wish Wilson well 4 she must make District 17 better!
RT : Remember Gandhi: "Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong."
we lovee yours an vinnys relationship <3 vinny leaving was really sad but if u ever leave the show is over
good call! Enjoy!
Let's just say that I read...a lot. Today I'm feeling extra grateful for my local libraries. Here's a shout out to !
For some reason Jeff Buckley's album Grace reminds me of my 20s so profoundly it's almost too physically intense to listen to.
My dad and me are huge fans it's his birthday today can I get a retweet
Got my Oj...now im good
This wknd, I lrned how to: submit someone with the kimura lock, fix my rear derailleur, & groove to Ethiopian pop.
It was some wonderful teamwork. I love when a plan comes together.
Been helping my grandfather,his parents,his girlfriend and her son move all day ..... I'm so sweaty and exhausted!!!
so now toy hauler is in to have generator worked on. the control arm broke. they now have to send a rep out to see for themselves
haha yes! &iknow, brb. Can't breathe.. Dying!.. Blehh :/ save.me<3
you just gave me a food boner.
I might go the 29th...still thinking about it but I really want VIP so..
In line now!!
Next LCP #hashtag stream coming soon. It'll be one of our OWN invention & we think you'll love it! :) So keep checking our feed for details!
Dude, your links never, ever, work...
Eek! Too soon... RT ": Mavericks one game away from becoming victims to history's 2nd Oklahoma City bombing."
“: can I have or nmber girls” the word is your not or
yessir I will try.
Really pumped about taking my beautiful wife on a date tonight! Thanks Sarah!
Only one consensus on Washington from picks posted from 76 cappers tonight off a 2-0 Monday Nite..See ya at the window
"Not all those who wander are lost."
Any PR students out there graduate this weekend?
it's nothing like LOTR but it's very good, unlike what Dave might tell you.
It's not even enjoyable to be outside right now.. Too many bugs 😝
My Sunday nights will be a little less complete without Kenny Powers.
what a lucky girl! School and the Dix!
My guess? Mockingjays.
Good. Kids in Steelton need more fun and laughter.
Q3: We just carried out an all-frosh Model UN. It would be a great pre & post activity for this.
Chocolate and Churros for the game tomorrow... and a raffle for a trip to Spain! Viva la Furia Roja.
CALL ME CALL ME CALL ME CALL ME!
No mom, you're mad because you're wrong, not because I'm talking back...
Cool never out trumps revenue.
David Beckham's SuperBowl ad proves that he a walking inkpad. Wonder what he has tattooed under those jockeys?
Sugar coated or reality? :-) I'm good, just stressed... you know me! How are YOU?
Hey, how you doing? Congrats on the #SDCC prize pack from btw. :)
I would seriously hate to be one of those families who eat out every night.
"there's only one way to stop seeing so many #instagram photos on my news feed..." - mark zuckerberg
follow back please?(:
Groundswell by Charlene Li... highly recommend.
RT : Has anyone discovered anything new lately from the social enterprise, I need some new cool tools.
hey , love your coffee! Noticed you don't have tasting notes on bags. I don't think it's good or bad just wondering why not.
Not to mention their iBook reader (on the iPhone anyway) is pretty lousy compared to Kindle.
Just received another summer camp order! I wonder how many more I'll get today!
Be safe out there!!
its so sad to think about for both countries no matter what, but I wonder what the ratio is in our colleges vs all of Sweden.
omg. I probably love root beer more than you! But then again, I love most beer.
Yoo Kayla is eating chunky peanut butter on the busses wit a spoon can't get more get than that
I think I'll be hiding in a bar. Lol! Cubs cold beer and no crazies.
In science class with & (x
. . . THATS NOT THE POINT
Anytime I'm off. Can get it done out here whenever we find the time.
I see you! I will say hi during intermission. : ) LOVE this theater!!!!
Yeah that Unlimited Data is on Hit + Hot Spot .. Yeah if U don't Talk much ... Sprint might just right for ya.. 100
We're so glad you found eachother on #Twitter! :) RT congrats, can't wait to see you there!
Party hard don't give a shit!
youtube it bro, i couldn't even do it. my friend did it.
you mean of electric liquid steel red hair? It's really compassion I'm feeling.
always start early at epcot it not as busy as magic kingdom. go to magic kingdom at nap time for the kids.:)
Who #homebrews out there? If so, how long?
On the road in Kansas City for a few nights. If you like Barbecue, then KC is your town!
Sorry little sister
You act like it's you against the world, but it's really just you against yourself.
ouch :( Adjusting screen resolution doesn't help?
Melting from the city heat? Swing by for a frozen mouss-icle. Just what it sounds like, only better. Each pop is $3 and worth twice that.
very well said :)
thankss spaggnolissss <3 why don't u have break that's like torture ya know ? like ?
Have chocolate-covered Pringles been attempted? If not, why not?
I am really bored lol , wyd ?
- checkin' in and diggin' it! Great show as always!
nice eyes.
I dont wanna be here, take me home):
it strikes me that Wordstar had little or no HCI history to consult. Who knew, back then, how people would actually use a WP?
i thought thats why men went to the gym..show off their pecks and meet half naked sweaty women..and cougars with HOT BODS lol
and when i say gladiator i mean black girls that pull hair
Heck yes! It's going to sound awesomesauce with you singing it!
I hope everyone has a Happy Easter. Enjoy.
A man wants his woman to roll up for him but not smoke ... Guessing gotta learn to roll up
I heard the GAY nightlife is to die for....
#BackThatAzzUp Hell of a song!
we really like it. Spiced with fresh dill, thyme, and lemon. Works well with chipotle sour cream!
Hmm... wonder how this day will go since decided we needed to b e up at 3:15am and keep an eye on the overnight rain! :(
yeah I'm going
I did. Yay for more clip shows of stuff that never happened?
If you love someone you don't hide things from them..
haha cool and thats cool and my night is pretty good and my weekend was good except for today brought me down hbu?
Twitter suggested I follow joe buck. Not gonna happen bc 1-im a rangers fan and he's clearly not 2-he's joe buck 3-bias commentating
": The words, "Comfort, o comfort my people" never get old. #wtschapel" amen.
Music is everything!
EVERYONE CHANT... "JORDAN COME THY RICHES NOW"
I have never had a cup of coffee. You can do it! But the question is why are you doing it?
it was so wonderful 2 meet u! looking forward to meeting up more together!
Will short term loans of e-books eventually replace ILL? Ebrary thinks maybe. I can see the benefit to publishers, but what about us?
July 4th weekend coming up. Can't wait.
Good afternoon from Albuquerque! No studio space at apartment but am leasing real live industrial professional space!
“: If Mario Chalmers keeps making 5 3's a game from here on, LeBron will win his first ring.”
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it. Dudley Moore
you cant be classy if you curse like a sailor...it just doesn't work.
#IGN boards are down at the moment. Fix coming soon.
I'm booth #110. It's free to attend. Crafters/Makers/Designers from all over the US will be here.
Makin' the grown up kind of decisions usually sucks, but for once, I'm okay with this one. And... breathe.
Thank you so much for checking in on and grubbin' with us!
thx! It's a lot of work but we are definitely getting closer. Can't wait to show it off!
Well I learned that it started around 1700-1800 so idk much.
Can you plz follow me for a day so I can DM the ebay message?
It's also nice having a Taco Bell that is convenient; Well, I'm also glad they are hard to get to here
yuummmm.... candy corn ;D
Less than 20 minutes until class starts.
Justin Has Real Talent. <3
? Not all girls r like that
nah man, that shits dumb.
92 :( haha ill get you next time!
p by! See you when I see you." 💗
I got mad shit with me today!
Oh dang :(
It's not even fucking trending here!
Congratulations to and for 70 million views on #Kony. It's a landmark achievement
