I think it's tacky how this whole thing is being played out on twitter. Then ask for privacy during tuff times.
lol i miss you too ellie
agreed, but the right to peacefully assemble is legal as well and is being met with illegal force. It's divide & conquer.
that’s Jack boys down stairs No man with the big pack just man with the big gat Tryin to take his shit back cause he feel the world owe him
Thanks for your advice. Calling this afternoon to set something up. Y'all are my saviors these days.
“: go Sharks! ” (it's always cool to see them beat the Ducks too)
There could be something else wrong with it. You should probably have it checked out.
Oh google docs.. How you make my work day a pain to get through.
Thanks for the mention, that is great news!
Heartened by how many times I heard discussion of #incomeinequality on my drive to work. #OWS doing great job of shining light on it.
had a wonderful wknd went my niece's 21st bday party and had fun with the family,
I'm okay now :) sometimes life just gets you down
Good luck to all of those in the GERMS EMT-B class who are practical testing today!
right back like i never left
RT : I did! Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #ivotedyes for #OneUnion!
yes I am! Come and entertain me Lol
Radio is in business to SELL ADS not find HOT MUSIC. If your song doesn't = More Listeners it = less AD Sales. BUILD YOUR FANBASE!
Its all bullshit now a days.
my favorite was when we would start meowing loudly anytime a shitty song came on
Gets online my timeline is nothing but about 's new song. Lol ( which is beast btw!) So i thought maybe he'd RT me if i tried!
Unresolvable tension? de Soto on open info to boost economies v. J.C. Scott (Seeing Like A State) on same as means of state control.
Country Fried Steak!
insert awkward pause here. I've lost your address. Can you resend it? (been swamped with music..sorry)
I'm going all the way down I'm leaving today <3
thnx love you to my little boo boo!
i'm sending all my best thoughts your mom's way!!
TOO LATE
“: Even Bigge Smalls had to come back to Cali Cali.” and he never left
S/O to my phone always being on 0% battery life
All the food coming from the kitchen smells like heaven! Is it time to eat yet??
so do you have to be at the audition to make it or can we upload a video
Yes girls. I do go to school with 0 makeup on. Try it sometime.
Hamlin on pit road when he left the pit
I told Willie but I feel bad he has work I dont wanna make him do that!
“: If mercury doesn't get the f*ck out of retrograde I may give birth to a small menstrual alien on stage.” I love her so hard.
JC Guess drawsomething is on hold!? That is a great picture!
Luv reading the twitter posts by angry #lakers fans who think their team always deserves to win.
Yes, brunch and a movie--The Avengers!
i won't call myself an innovator. i incidentally won't stop others from calling me one.
Really sick and fucking tired of all this shit, cant take it anymore... And people ask me why dont i hangout anymore
w.e nigga
looking forward to seeing you at the next Friday!
good bro, I miss seeing those morning ab exercises in the weight room!!
‘Does this item or thought or response move me closer to my vision for my best life?’
Best thing to do when feeling sad is focus on things that make you happy. (That's why I love photoshoots) Currently "comment-trading on
I Have a Pic I took of Taylor Swift @ the CMF in Tenn. and I caught something that I think you guys should see
WTF is a Yankee Hotel Foxtrot? Is Wilco a company? RT 10 years ago today, Wilco released 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot'
Yikes! Besides rain, we've got hail now.
Suerte! I'm sure you'll be great! :)
QUOTES: It is a good divine that follows his own instructions. _William Shakespeare
yo you heard any hard confirmation on whether no way back was shut down?
Let's get to #OneShiningMoment already
why not!
Just wrapped work on another film! Details soonish - heading into the mixing sessions this week.
Don't worry. I'm a widely known professional stander. I'll be here for quite some time, whether you like it or not..
It's that magical time of year when I start saying, "Oh, is it Easter this weekend? Really?"
Sup bro, looking good sexy. How's it hanging
It has been a very wonderful conference!
#BBN join me in congratulating and on their invitation to the
Do, or do not, there is no try ~ Yoda |
Chute notes importance of meta(meta?)data that explains how data is interpreted in different contexts (and how & when it's changed)
Gearing up for another huge marketing overhall. The best part of being in charge and a designer is when I get the itch to change, I can do …
Devastating break-ups can really inhibit your ability to focus. How can you read Civ Pro when another couple bites the dust?
#MikeBettes from #WeatherChannel talked about what it was like to chase #Joplintornado. Jaw-dropping lecture.
So happy for good friends . . . . <3
Holy crap. This is total crap!
Yes, far too long. So, yes, soon.
Thanks to everyone for ur positive responses after seeing my video, The Moth presents Anthony Griffith
Time for some cable managment with that beer!
Have FUN today!! I love that show so very, very much.
you think you're so funny 😠 lol
Goodmorning.....Happy Derby Day!!!
Sitting on a packed light rail train after NCAA. How can this be in AZ & not WI?
Yes, I did just say "American flag realness." I am engaging in diplomacy.
just now tonight! haha INCREDIBLE Jerry Meals deserves to be fired! Didn't even bet on it but this pisses me off
Oh she merits a month-long celebration! Fun, any priorities in particular? I'm in NYC and love plaques; your site's fantastic!
right next to all the strip clubs on Erie hahaha
Guys are so fucking impatient
Even more tragic if that's possible. Stay tuned..Nothing from Palmer yet either.
Purchase now! Notice the Solution mirrored in your outside world within 24 hours. App Store - The Source Deck itunes.apple.com
Can't Sleep #Tired AF
at hotel delmano enjoying a beautiful cocktail
THERE'S NO OTHER WAY, THERE'S NO OTHER WAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Sorry to hear Levon Helm is in his final stages of a battle with cancer. Our thoughts are with you!
2:00pm news conference to report on aliens in outer space. Will Senator Harry Reid's Dream Act now extend amnesty to Galactic aliens, too?
Hard to decide which Mansfield Park character I'd least like to be stuck in a country house with. Really tough call.
I got an iPhone 4S for Mother's Day!
Will have ppl realize, it was always more than just music!
Idk what dress to wear to the wedding tomorrow.. Ugh
Wtf . She's posting pictures saying inside jokes she doesnt even understand .
hahaha. seriously, I'd even forgotten the album was called Yourself Or Someone Like You. Actually ... not ... that ... bad ...
hahaha yeeeeeeh :S haha woo there's a lor of things O:
You can get away with anything in Georgia.
I smell win #10 for my
My phone is hot 🔥
I hate paying bills. On the flip side, I have one less bill to pay this month thanks to some sort of Money Based God.
Oh my! I'm shocked! They have FOOD in CVS!
some times its so hard to wait for something to happen
Thanks for the follow. Check out other members of
Ugh I need to grow some and go say hi!!!!
snap! Let's get to planning!
What is the MOST embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
it's only a number...i love it!!!
I DONT K NOW YOU STOP TWEETING ME
The awkward moment when you spell something wrong in a tweet and look retarded
also Pepperwood on Burnet Lane has pretty big units for the same $
Please don't twitpic me nothing under 8, catch my drift lmao
Is this implying that you're going to see us soon... Or...?
The NFL and the players need to stop this petty junk... Get them to work before it begins to effect the on-field product...So tired of it...
Good! How've you been doing? ^_^
Bout to walk outside in this heat just fucked up my day
a birthday card from ?loyal. customer.
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
Trying salon for the first time. So far, been snubbed & talked about by front desk clerk. This is gonna be interesting.
The teacher who was in charge for this little excursion is...not an outside-the-box thinker. At all.
I am writing a quiz on TKAM chapters 3-6 for tomorrow. #eng9 Be prepared!
S/O to for being the best friend a girl could have(:
Huh look at that. Twitter looks weird.
Is it too soon to be thinking these things again? :) should i squash my thoughts about it or let them be.
Did Ray Allen just throw up the 3-Goggles?
Oo. I should have been more clear. Because THAT session was earlier today.
Bryan Smith: To capitalize on market, leverage machine-learning, train computers to analyze data as well as people can.
Fuck you Reading Counts.
Thuggin alone today
I have to agree with you about bad sound and now everyone who has a business is doing audio and video.
Ive already gotten a lot of friends to like your page since I found you but they're all too lazy to post on your wallxD
The remnants of 's 2nd cheeseburger of the day remain like criminal evidence in our workspace
you should get "Ball So Hard" in the side of ur head!! Lol that would be swag!!
Any good movies on Netflix?
On the fields of friendly strife are sown the seeds that on other days and other fields will bear the fruits of victory.
Perhaps you need a Music Wayback machine to pick up early recordings of blues/jazz/soul.
especially for Puerto Ricans ... Samoans
Me too. Totally worth the 20K in rent I paid this year. ;)
we could make a killing!
4 years with today :)))
Just saw a girl with a Predator tattoo. Now that's COMMITMENT.
And y'all know I watched Family Business!!! Loved it!
my life is starting to feel like The Pelican Brief...but with more crazies and less attractive politicians
I have a swimmer and have felt your pain! Hope you had dome good books and the kiddos swam well!
Is it wrong to hate pollen? Ugh my sinuses
If you really want to put him down tell jokes about his mother. I kid Mate. Is there going to be a squeal to Master & Command?
=[ i dont get cell service at my house, and my ipod doesnt get calls, if i gave you my home phone and you call and my mom
Great working with you tonight on the Coach's Show. You are a great talent, a pro and you rock!
Eyeglasses or contact lenses?
hey www.JavitaLaunch.com
''Devon need to put his shirt down'' ''Idc of ur opinion'' ''fuck u'' ''im just kidding, give me a hug'' ''you always be doing this shit''
SOME BABYS LOOK LIKE PUPPY BULLDOGS..
Mens dress shirt sizes have gotten wacky. My 16 34/35 from 5yrs ago way bigger than the 17 34/35 bought yesterday. Trim cut nonsense
you shouldn't flaunt it ;) unless you want it.
on behalf of & thank you for your support!
I have and hour half to get 40 followers
I've never had a resume that didn't have my picture on it.
Just got home and relaxing!
Boulder Coffee @ 100 Alexander St. will be hosting a benefit for the re-election to the City Council of Dana Miller on Sept 1 from 530-730.
Goodbye mountains, I'll miss you!
yeah, I looked it up. She's black. And the zombies she has on chains is her dad and her bf.
GROW A PAIR!! ...or as Betty White would say "grow a vagina!"(cuz balls are weak & vaginas take a pounding)
I returned my 2010 Census Form. Did you? Today is the last day to mail it in!
Just checked out the cool show in the sky...alignment of crescent moon, venus, and jupiter
at least a dozen ;)
Okay now that my favorite player #Melo is out...I have to hope the nuggets win...
We are thrilled to be in the semi-finals of the for high impact startups. Off to Boston to pitch!
Happy T-Day !
Just scrolled down my tweets all the way to September 21, 2011... Took a while.. i was trying to find out when i made my twitter
Abrazo desde DC Ken! Didn't know you were a SM maniac!
Groundhog Day is coming. Am I the only one who still chuckles whenever they say "Gobbler's Knob?"
What an incredible day it has been! I am so blessed and Determined!! 808!!
how i go to Drew with all my juvenile questions. Lbvs
#ArtsTech ISO 'concrete' example of disruptive technologies from Jonah Bruckner-Cohen - placing rules on accepted forms of online discourse
Is Looking Forward To Talking With Georgia's Governor Nathan Deal Tomorrow At Lunch.
Hate hearing the, can I hang out with my friends, what a line of crap
microwave pizza.
welcome to ! We shld do a B'more/DC meet up. Cldn't get up to charm city for ur B-NET happy hr last mo. Up 4 it?
Just tagged you in a couple. Enjoy!
myla is her name
thx fir the fav! Today was my last day in biz here Be out there in about a week or so
Want to learn more about Jewish life in Central and South America? Follow at
When people think they can tell me what to do < yeah, fuck you. You're not my mom.
lol in the morning? Or at night?
Are these slides going to be online somewhere?
Stoked for the new Chelsea Grin EP! Counting down the hours til they release the single 'Lilith'
Missed my first #Ravens game since 2007 yesterday - and apparently it was a good thing I did. They'll bounce back against the Rams, though.
If I wrote about the way this guy makes me feel, people would think it was bad fiction. Hell, a few months ago, I'd have agreed. Yikes.
T-Force doing all the right things! Making us proud :)
I wan dunking doughnuts!!!
Senior year, gonna lose some friends, cuz its time to be real with EVERYONE. no more fake, no more holding back. ARE YOU READY.
Highlight of my napa vacation... Oreo cows mating
Thanks Andrew for tweeting about our app Scrubly! We really appreciate your support!
If I had to sum up my life in three words, I would have to say: TO BE CONTINUED
When yhu say olive juice it looks like yu saying I love you
Depending on who it was, my first thought would be not to be in communication with them.
I can't stand sneaky ass MF's...what's the secret? I'm a big girl...what are you hiding?
Hanging out with the bros and ladies of ... Barbecuing it up
Very cool move!
Nap time
peep my last tweet as well
I love when teachers let you out 5 minutes early and act like its the best gift ever
Kopi Cafe, Acre, Hamburger Mary's, (and more) all on Clark St.
just made a *TweetTweet* :)
The only posts about 4/20 tomorrow are going to be from people bitching about people posting about. It's for fun anyways, so who cares
-- Yes, I would rather own Moustakas over Martinez. Did you miss all my pro-Moustakas stuff during the preseason???
All I want for my birthday is a full size, movie quality, chewbacca costume. Or a RT from a famous person. Either would make my day.
Come on now! We all knew it was!
That blonde patch has got to go. lol
Anne Tyler~ It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
sign me following & gaga hiring record label a&r & promoter record producers 4 recording opening act
nahh, i never have!
a diet coke and cup 'o coffee in and its only 8:50am.
I used to love the Teen Titans back in the day, tho.
I think TT will look for a Vet RB,And do a very high defensive draft.
Thank you lord for everything!
How do books win the in the attention economy? Answers during Deliverability: A New Way to Drive People to Content #pbc12 Odets, 4th floor
Riddle of the day: what is black, white, and red all over?
RT : A Romney-Fortuño ticket would be pretty strong.
U GUYS A REAL GIRL GROUP:) U HAVE SO MUCH SINGIHG TALENT AND I CANT WAIT TO SEE U GUYS ON 106&PARK! YOUR SONGS ARE SO GOOD:)
And don't forget, we've got music tonight too - will be playing. Good time for delicious sliders & good jams to finish the week.
Awesome! RT : Shout to #RPCVchat for connecting people. and I met IRL yesterday
She getting a new car?
Unclaimed Idaho Lottery prizes add up to millions
We should be taking innovative steps to use current media in order to prepare for the next
Side effects of stimulant-type ADHD drugs are increased blood pressure, confusion, and paranoia and can occur if the dosage is too high.
Tease with ur tongue + fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy she would start drippin.
Yeah the TARDIS translates the languages, but what about for those who don't associate with the Doctor?
That moment when your about to tweet about someone mispelling something than you realize you mispelled then
Too many spam tickets...
#FF <3 to This band is really awesome! Also follow: #ComeToSoCal (;
I'll second that emotion
Hey!!! Nice meeting you in #NewOrleans - We should get together here in #NYC !
Set off the emergency exit door at the library earlier. Why? Because fuck freshman, that's why. Happy finals!
Been sitting on my flight for an hour now, already 50 minutes late and no updates. Awful service, regretting flying Delta about now
Are you serious? "Gals"? Really? :O
Hopefully you're icing those knees, feet, back, shoulders and ankles on the plane!!
Yeah, they look a bit like they're made for a wedding gown; but, very pretty...
and they all havee
Like the idea of a service model rather than a standalone DH center - scales better!
Beautiful sunny day here at Moorea! Come on down
this is amazing :D
is still AWESOME! and i don't give a fuck about who wins the super bowl as long as i get snacks and beer.
Launch party this Thursday with Enlightened Grain Spirits, 2Face-Art by Lucianne, and Candy's Cake Pops...are you on the list?
thanks will do
I suppose I should do that huh?
Crushing at the shop. Getting amped up for this xmas party. Should be a wild one. Hopefully clothes coming off and/or on. Either works.
someones a good guesser.
can't wait! we'll be ready! cc:
Just took two minutes off of a four mile route I did last sunday! Woot!
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down. ~ Allen H. Neuharth
I used to have the BIGGEST crush on John Leguizamo
Stank breath people should be allowed to start their laugh with any letter outside of the letter "H"
Almost to 200! Please help and RT? Thanks babes (: ask for a follow back. xx
Would you rather have that beer now or that financial freedom later? It's a daily choice, dude.
please tweet us Rena and Gabby ur american fans :) nyc! We love one d <3
words of wisdom, words of wisdom.
Wow you are so cool! Did anyone ever tell you that?
Tomorrow is Boyfriend's birthday! I got him the Guggenheim. Srs.
You at are like best friends lmfao
Ugh I wish my phone would of never woke me up
damn Slocum, you are straight hating tonight playa.
okay, look, everyone has their own opinion and guess what, oh that's right, idc you say!
Hawaiian shirt wearing tourist, getting off bus, for all to hear. "I shouldn't have to listen to a BUS DRIVER. You should listen to me!"
Slow ass day @ work
": I hate how I always listen to peoples problems but when it comes to me, they dont give a damn about it too."
Spending my afternoon at a Macomb County Commission Economic Development Committee meeting. Don't be jealous. When do you leave?
We heard you're making baleadas for everyone. When and where do we show up?! ;-}
The line-up: historic gangsters, craft beer, whiskey appreciation, & When's your trip again? :)
I wanna get a little pig, put him in the back seat, To see if he would say "WE WEE WEE," All the way home..
Hell yeah! Bring back the Seattle SuperSonics, all the great free agents out there can sign to them
Red Bull total zero is disgusting. The end.
Blessing be with you tonight Sir! Have fun and hold on tight to "YOUR" belt.
Today's guest, Mike Fisher, talks ethics and faith in the workplace!
“: Motorcycle day today! Where should I go!” 20 taps!
“: Hey, #NC! Remember to vote "NO" on #Amendment1 today. Equality for all! - Mike”
-yes! That's what I meant. - Sry for spelling name wrong... - pls lmk how you like learning HTML5!
It's nearly time for 24. "Get down!"
Even though rarely replies to me anymore . I'll always remember those late nights on tinychat
#itsTimeForYouToRealize that you can make a difference
great lineup
with great friends! Eager to learn & grow !
hehee thanks! maybe tomorrow?
aww thank you :) im looking forward to meeting you to!
You got the game sold up from R&B, Pop, to Hip-Hop. You dominating! Got my Fortune money ready, delux edition at that!
ABQ has been ranked #1 best place to shoot films by #MovieMaker Magazine! For nightlife, 300+ days of great weather & diverse terrain.
wow, someone is really having a ferris bueller barf outside my window.
Thanks for the shout out!
Something wrong with my twitter
Love is friendship set on fire. But, sometimes, so are monks.
Wiskullsin/Eastsider Brewer Bus Tour. May 19. Stay tuned for details...
I want some breakfast!!!!
Homeless man coming towards me on the sidewalk. 10ft away he pulls out his dick and starts pissing. Never breaks stride or eye contact. Odd.
An ATX landfill is now surrounded by homes that shake as methane gas does its thing. Sane query: Why were homes built there in 1st place?
Jimmie Briggs of the spent 9 years covering war & conflict with a focus on child soldiers
Come out and support your community vendors.... fresh produce, baked items, crafts, and more.
“: Skipstradamus predicted the would take Gm 1 vs What do you think?” He's an ass clown!!!
Thanks for the follow, Natalie.
... how bad.... Hopefully 1-4 bad w/ a loss to the Cowboys next week getting them to 1-5?? how cool would that be.... LOL
It was great meeting you today and appreciate your help with my upcoming workshop. Very cool you worked for our newspaper, JS!
This is exactly what I needed
You getting creepers all up in your business?
Moving into the Cloud with more on line business applications!
I love it when 12 year olds follow me and expect me to follow back.
Janet Reno born today, 1938. Became 1st female U.S. Attorney General when appointed in 1993; 2nd-longest ever to serve.
We provide everything sound related, pa, monitors, tech: for sound ques, 312.714.4625 for me
winter? Really? Suck it up buttercup I am spending all day outside.
RT If you want to punch iJever in the face. D:
Grabbing my gramsci, going down to march w unions
I like using for formative assessments. Lucky to have a 1:1 program that maximizes its features.
I am somebody
what part of education? The "system"?
RT : The game is tied again w/ 8 sec. left in the 4th thanks to Pau.
thanks for having us and helping us get through the hurricane!
Best day ever!!!! I'm an aunt!!
Over-achievers are more prone to heart disease, high blood sugar, and high cholesterol
Good Day: The Old Man and the Sea followed by Robin and the Seven Hoods.
Join and me for #21CRadio tweet chat in an hour for a chance to win tix!
Taught by Master Kvapil? I learned so much about the internet, sleeping, and texting.....
Hello? Anyone there? You guys keep spelling appetite incorrectly. Might want to change your auto-message. It's on repeat.
I hate the term BABY DADDY.
and mr bean is in it
I always decorate with red and green and simple things that won't break for the holidays.
Survey complete
This week's #DC fun fact! University began the tradition of the football huddle in the 1890s, to conceal their signed plays! :)
I'm just saying that it wasn't like yesterday was the first time in his life that he could have supported the right to marry.
OBAMA takes short brake from his busy VACATION & CAMPAIGN schedule to go on 2-week "PRESIDENTING"
RT : Absolutely blown away by turntable.fm. If possible, it actually exceeds the hype.
haha me too!
where you been
Need to learn how to apply analytics data into day to day business decision making? Come to Think Tank Live! Milwaukee in February.
someone thinking they are backed up by the status of the person they with only to really know they playing a role already filled
I jus hate to c a person I care 4 sell dey self short caring so much 4 anotha human who not givin a fuc bout dem, ik dat shit hurt.
Me neither. RT : Just a quick notice, I did not see any #coverthenight posters. Never. Fail?
Depending on who its written about, a song may mean absolutely nothing or absolutely everything to me... <3
just like all the FedEx drivers, eh? ;-)
haha i stay low right now. Aint nobody checkin for me. And thats prolly a good thing
At a couples baby shower. Expecting mom is opening gifts. Kill me, kill me, kill me.
Next week is the last week for
I think, yes, in California.
If you don't want to get rashed on, and Iike your face the way it is, you won't talk to me.
Thanks boo!
lalala, Austin is going to marry me.
While not all individuals on the #autism spectrum talk, they all communicate. Some just use their behavior to communicate.
every time i get upset and feel like nothing can make me happy,,i watch your videos and they put the smile right back on my face<3
Doing another quick edit pass to get back into the swing of things.
26.2 miles!!!!baby!!! My time 3hr30min my first marathon!!!!another milestone in the books baby!
Don't know what to do ....
it's nothin.
Can somebody share the "idiot's guide to persistent URLs" so that I can start using them?
yay! :) can we leave now? <3
Whats today? Wednesday yeah yeah. Almost here.
where do you draw your concentration from to have the power you have big brother?
just go in, hug demi, get a pic then run out screaming!:')
Hey there! How are you?
i hate the cowboys but im a nfl fan i like blue im a star and im from texas nicca !!! bill$bill$bill$buffalo
Hella got complimented today at work.! ;)
ATTENTION ATTENTION if u have recieved a horrible mean tweet from me it waz not me my account has been hacked but i think i fixed it! SORRY
hey thanks for following! hope to see you out at a gig!
was it worth it, I hope?!
I swear people need to learn that guys can love guys.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Portland, ME
Hey are we working with you guys? If not, we should be.
thanks girl! :)
like that quote, how are u?
In the mood for pizza and after work drinks? $6 pizzas and $4 you-call-its tonight at Salute!
Love the Tour De France! Those High Def helicopter shots are flippin' awesome.
Dodger day games make it harder to focus on work.
I feel like talkin
Aw.... you remembered. Just stop reminding me how beautiful it is outside.
National Grilled Cheese Day > National Spoiled Meat Day
No, you're not being lazy. That's the same stuff that irritates me. It's just lame UI.
Happy St. Joseph's Day
Hey Steve. Welcome!
Before there was a hot guy like i wasn't born.. I think with a reason.. I can't live without him.. Love God
i think what makes this one worse is the appearance of actual video
Location 3, Clue 3 (continued): Before you enter the door just look to your right And find a small tree covered in lights
God bless tim hortons iced capps!
Lol fuck him i call shotgun forever.
RT : Congrats to ! #SlowCookerVeg is already appearing on the U.S. Trending Topics list!
What we are doing is only the start. We are aligning ourselves with a health insurance provider. More to follow soon.
Wow-had a few seconds of the #coxcable service rep mumbling to herself 'stead of the inane hold music.
Lead talent Mike Reeping is now on twitter:
See y'all... Stop with the brooms
So excited about finally writing THE END to my first draft of The Flawed Dance. Love the ending, too. Totally inspired. Just had to share.
Happy birthday, Jenna!
Woo it's Sunday, that means one thing
Airport delays...
Did you know that over 55% of small business in the USA are home-based? Learn how to join these entrepreneurs....www.thehome-office.com
I'm flying down on Wednesday. Maybe we can hang out Wed or Thur night?
"Awesome"? Is "awesome" the word? "Best thing ever"?
thanks man!
Still time to vote for Heinemann's favorites that Pfister Cafe will serve. Vote at www.thepfisterhotel.com
25 convictions per 100,000 CHL holders. And which crimes were included in that?
Moving home early....no complaints!
Ashley Barron said we were similar. You know you're from the South when "down South" comes out of your mouth in 4 syllables
Hope all of you, especially the writers, are taking the day off and having a very HAPPY EASTER!
S/O to my new follower
Today's a VERY busy day, but I think it will be a good one!
RT : Congratulations to Jake Zadra, named to D3 academic all-district team. Hitting.367 and carrying 3.98 GPA in biology.
I'm so glad! I love that stuff... happy it's found a good home!
I heard Soulja Boy and Lil B new album comes out in 2013. If so, Lord please let the world end this december. -- Madea ()
singing michael buble, omg <3 simply.amazing.
Hart sucks in right field so if you move him to first our WAR would be basically same with Gomez in center Aoki/Morgan in right.
whats been good my g
media matters is where I found out about the 3rd station :) hoping to see many more follow their example
It sounds so fun out there, but I let the couch consume me and I don't want to move... lol
I wish someone would invent an app similar to #imbd so I can play the game 6 degrees of ! ;-)
Just started watching Assanation of Jessie James. So far so good. Its 155 minutes I think I will watch about an hour tonight.
Join our VIP list for special offers and invites! Simply text your name and email to 512.430.4339
Working with Lit today. Yes, you heard me correctly.
Longest car ride ever. Have gone from KenCen success to feeling like 5 year old in back seat of car
lol word “ : Lmao Jacoby Ford does look like Kevin Hart!”
The iPhoto app for #iPad looks slick. High res, auto compare, and even has some #SnapSeed like image adjustment features.
Oh, Phillies, why only solo homers?
GETTIN READY TO GET CRUNKED UP AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! 1ST DRINK IS ON US!! YEAH BABY WE LIKE TO PARTY!!
Writing a spring organizing article for parents.
Ya'll wanna know something? I'm ashy as hell right now.
Perfect time to get away.
Lol! Just cute. Lmao! RT : LMFAO "omg if I laugh one more time I'm gonna fart"
oh by the way thanx for tellin me when u left butthead!
Watching The Pregnancy Pact <<<< SMDH!!!!!
Cool. I'll check it out. Hope you guys are well!
Alright, Hunger Games. You win.
Shout out to new followers!!!
I don't understand why I always get sick during weekends but during the school week I'm fine.
RT: Found an unopened bar of nice dark chocolate under a chair at the the Museum of Art and Design. Only hesitated a moment.
no problem!
first song was absolutely beautiful. A nice quiet, haunting intro.
I'll try to clean next time ;) lol
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Hold Those doors for her
you know the Indians are really creative...
You ever see a youtube video and just say to yourself-how do these people exist in the world? yeah,just....yeah.
Dear annoying person. You have some TERRIBLE habits. Breathing is one of them.
Thank God for waking us up today; Happy Wednesday!😊
“: and it don't matter what race you are, ALL RACES CHEAT! so STFU! and get out yo feelings!”
I'm starting to get excited about our trip.
against the dying of the light?
Attention NYU residents!!!!! Want a preview of the reapplication process. Stop by the housing portal and take a look; it's up RIGHT NOW!
happy cinco de mayo bud :) lol
mad men commercials can mean only one thing... don draper is on the way
Twittering from church. Lol always fine ppl you havent seen in a long time here
So and I think that should skype with us sometime to write with us for our bands new music. yeah thatd be cool XD
is taking over fuse.tv all day.
I was ordered to take them, so I just thought I'd share. My playmate likes me to share.
RT "Oh you're playing hard to get, well I'm playing walk away." My attitude towards all of you now.
quite a drive indeed...I was thinking about driving an RV or something
Always love when this stuff happens.
we're going to release iOS and Android on the same day, none of this iPhone first business. Targeting early April. stay tuned.
So sweet --> ": So excited for a date tonight with my beautiful wife "
you smell like it too :o lol
Bout to pass out. Got to wake up super early to go to a track brunch then going to the IU vs Penn state football game.! I LOVE COLLEGE! Lol
- Thanks for inviting The Tiger Report to partner with you!
thank God for sweet tea.
Get it gurl
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
too much strobe!!!!!!
screw the pats boo I saw that :(
Thats gr8 my dude. Nothin quite that major this way musically. But stayin humble. Writin as usual.
Doing some booking right now. This summer is looking good! Keep an eye out for dates!
Maybe we should make dog food..a trip to petsmart for toys and dog food...$75
Song Of The Day: "Wake Up Every Body" – by Harold Melvin And The Blue Notes…with Teddy Pendergrass…
Went to top golf for the first time today for our work xmas party..really fun! Basically a competitive driving range
The Walking Dead game is actually kind of interesting and innovative for a casual game.
Hey girl!
alright! I see you missy!
But now it needs to be charged for tomorrow.
mine to brother!!
Wait no seriously how old is Victoria Walsh
my aunt´s birthday is on the same date as mine Haha!! I love you Tia Robyn EHEHE
Umm.. I want to be wherever this is.
Austin isnt a bieber wannabe, he looks up to Justin and Justin is one of his inspirations. so, just stop hating.
- how was your birthday dinner?
This just in :We now have added a place for COUPONS on RichmondNightOut! You will be able to find drink & food specials & print coupons !!
Lmao I use all my extra points for Saturday. Could you seriously imagine me without wine?! Scary.
Lemme show you who runs this
I won't quit until I know I truly tried.
Are you in N Korea?
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake by flossing, it could add five years to you expected life span.
Getting ready for work.....TYJ
#MarkLogic is the enterprise data layer for
It's Fat Tuesday! I wish I was in Louisiana!
I adore cupcakes! I'm really such a child....WHO LOVES CUPCAKES!!!!!
RT : Fact 88% of women in business don't have employees women's initiative
When you want something different in life you often have to give up something to create the space. No guarantees on what will fill the void
That sounds terffic!! Can we connect after the first of the year? #ASID DM ur contact info to me.
I'm so pumped for tonight's #Phillies #Nats game I can't stand up right now. My brother scored us sick seats.
hey guys, we're a skate and lifestyle brand in #vegas We also produce the city's only skate mag. Would love to partner somehow..
Yo I was sleeping so fucking comfortable really?
you learn more a out your self when you do
Everyone I mean EVERYONE is irritating me!
Hanging out in Pueblo today... It's always nice to come home... It's even better when its not 5000 degrees.
Damn it Ryan Anderson. JJ Redick's best play of the year was a missed layup. F.
Poynter's Iron Pit has been jumpin this week. We have saw some big ass numbers put up on the bars.
back in Austin. Had nice session now. Might head out for harmonica blowing at the blues open mic at the blue moon on 6th.
apple stay far far away from news corp.
I hate dudes that make fruity tweets
I believe in the lord and I have faith that god will guild me in the right direction to do the things that I was put here to do
I can't wait to go to the tattoo shop Sunday.
sry late - but do you agree that Ravens cannot win the SB with Flacco-has he grown enuff thru 3 yrs to get there?
Wait, seeing lots of stuff about the next #Throwback. What's the deal? Not happening?
#Fistball Fact: The strongest strikers can hit the ball up to 140 KM per hour
I just watched the PM kindergarten teacher put out 5 fires in 2 minutes. She's a kid ninja!
is getting ready to take the stage for HOT COUNTRY NIGHTS! Come enjoy a cold beverage with us!
Needs no umbrella on this glorious rainy day because I'm being showered with blessings!!
Thunder Heat game has playoff feel
omg i love it!
I sure hope this is true. Hard drive performance is one of the "last mile" sticking points in a solid creative workflow....
Lookin' good! Congrats
Apparently!!! i can't believe it!!
Politico asks today whether #KXL has become House Republicans' white whale. Any use of Melville to explain energy will get repeated here.
How dare you.
Pssst... The secret to life...eat well
The operation in Gaza is necessary because Hamas is murdering Civilians. Hamas has to stop and Palestinians need to negotiate!
Make your Tuesday less boring w/ Monte’s surf & turf special for only $34.99! Call 7188527800 for details & reservations!
GOT THIS CUZZ WE IN THERE
I'm a couple days i'm going to New York and i'm gonna be amazing and i'm gonna miss my girlfriend at the same time..
I am, therefore I'll think.
Give reality a rest.
more than a few, need to bring back the old MTV.
Rebecca Black is at the #Grammys? How the hell did she get an invite and I didn't????
isn't her site super-cute? :) Glad you like it!
That one thing that stays in the back of your head forever <
anxiously awaiting the listing for the Wisconsin Film Festival to be posted online.
One song I do like...Wale.."sabotage" lyrics, music, and actual singing
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to The Big Bang Theory
I honesty rather see 1D. They may not come back here in who knows how long! Justin comes here a lot
Off to the stone!
Flip it back! I already packed up all my warm sweaters.
I am so jealous of you right now man, i'm stuck at work, ur enjoying a Devils game... How are they doing btw?
hopefully we can prevent that from happening!
I will be catatonic when my cat dies, But I think that there is much to learn from another pet. Not a clone. There is only one Aubrey
all good! Or grab some friends and race the Social Cycle to the next bar :)
ahahaha that's amazing timing, the universe has amazing ways of surprising us!!
“: "I didn't always know how it would end" #FiftyShades #ChristianGrey ”
The last Western Conf. team to win an #NBA title outside Texas and the #Lakers? The Seattle SuperSonics in 1979.
df serigfnkjnsfngkjsdfn I LOVE THE SONG!!<3 oh my gosh, Justin is just amazing.
Chapter 2012 Page 102 of 366 Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. Langston Hughes
Thanks for the follow! Viva la trees!
MWP aka Ron Artest only received a 7 game suspension!!? He should be out double that.
That's not how we roll. :)
hmm, new tour dates next monday? :o plz tell me that one is in florida?! Ill be the happiest fan ever.Im dressing up like you!<3
We had our Final Video Review with Catholic Charities for their 2012 Gala. The videos received final approval and we're exporting for DVD!
Reflecting on recent elearning projects; hardest thing to convince clients of is that usually reducing content will result in more learning
After writing a paper on #Twitter for my class, I enjoy the service even more than before. It's incredible how many uses there are for it!
vat are you up to ?
Woot! Can't believe SXSW is in only 2 weeks.
The Heat play the Celtics on Sunday. I can hardly wait to see that series.
“: back home in GA: *cue banjo music*”yay! Miss u guys.
Besides a guy's *area* going into my face when he was crowd surfing, it was good! Many thought Grouplove stole the show.
I'd bet on Mary Brickell Village....Fado likely has left-over green beer from St Paddy's Day....
oh my god I can't WAIT to make fun of you in less than a week
is bored out of her skull in class.
Brent, thanks for the write up! It was nice having you at the demo and I look forward to our next meet up!
The Crowne Plaza San Diego is hiring stop by our Job Fair on Tuesday, March 13, 2012!
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes. --Mahatma Gandhi
about to sleep :D no more tweets tonight! See you!
HATERS! Women gotta get theirs too SMH!
Most definitely.
it's official; we just got punk'd
Here's the belt for a great season. The Pack will be back.
just heard "the only thing internet explorer is good for is downloading other browsers!" lol what video were you watching?
im catching a flight tonight at 7 :( im back here in Dec! Send my love to the family
thanks alan. hope you are doing well!
Pencil in your calendars, the current plan is to host PRSMS12 during the second week of October '12 by
I am addicted to Downton Abbey...is it Sunday yet???
My car is full with food, drink and supplies-loading up for #boardgame night!
CRDM folks: I just wrote a short but neat processing sketch that we may want to consider as the basis for a new shirt idea, maybe
Are you up to Season 2's premiere yet? It's about ten different kinds of amazing.
Picking up Owen now, he's been at the vet all morning getting neutered..
not a problem! Where from?
Thank you for telling! I'm screen-capping like mad...
Happy last day of being an adult!
Woohoo! Spring Break = less traffic!
I have become very popular. The MOB is after me and are willing to pay for my address are you serious. LMAO. Who the fuck am I.
hater ass
#IThankGod for blessing me with a wonderful family
Just trying to "raise awareness"...
Seems the flurries were everywhere but Calvert Street! Or I just sit too far from the window.
Just read this in a quote and liked it, "infuse higher consciousness"
Time to shut the work day off...
That's what they all say
I'm pretty wide open through this weekend. When are you free?
. I was SO lucky to have that awesome Yukon!! 2 days - 5 hospitals - 300 toys delivered. Yay!!
Llama llama DUCK!
Made it all the way to the end of the semester w/o getting sick & now... flu. Before I get on a plane. Only down side to working w students
YES. Also, I've been pumped up about the humanities all day. Thanks, Martha.
Trng is critical! RT : A7 Companies often overlook the importance of providing #sm training to all employees
Dear everyone that leaves their unexpired meter tickets in the slot: MARRY ME.
he worked with you at the gym 😝
yes she does.
Wow this girl on here being so ratchet maybe she need to change her name ... Say what u want do what you --but STFU !! lol
NO MOMMA CAN YOU SEND IT AGAIN PLEASE !! OH AND CAN I HAVE SOME TIME WITH YOU EVEN IF IM NOT .....1080..HAHAHAHAHAH
I think I will audition for Pride and Prejudice tonight at New Dawn.
i had a friend that used get them from the guy... you know the guy with the bell...
Thank you. It's so great to meet you. How are you doing today?
its the fact that it all going trendy lol :) and I'm ranting as everyone is ranting at me today about me.
oh no
Why leBron throw That pass!..
me too! “: Really? 7-2 Giants? These are numbers I usually get in my super bowl pool....”
Reading Robin Dunbar is always a sort of rollercoaster experience. (New book, 'The Science of Love and Betrayal'.)
#RunChat Q4) blasting music, taking pictures, and doing vlogs for our blog. Helps take my mind off of the race and calms me down.
#LiesIveToldMyParents Don't worry. The rock show won't be that loud.
OMG I love Betty White.
even better I've been following you since you didnt even have a twitter(;
all is good sweetie! Don't sweat the small things!!! ;)
drake hands down!!
CivicPlus won the Missouri City, Texas website redesign contract....over Drupal ( open source ) and over VisionInternet ( closed source )
Thanks for the +K!
I just asked you for a favor, if you didn't want to do it don't fucking do it. Instead of leaving me stranded dumbass.
Been grinding 72hrs wih no sleep ugggjjjhhh im one beasty bitch ah ha ha
#nw romeo must die
Maybe it's me that needs to change?
Let the madness begin!
Dear Pretty Korean girl who walks down Wilshire stuffing her face with Cheetos every morning, I love you.
And to be clear language and diction are not synonyms.
Great topic - time?
u r the sperm mika
OU this weekend. I think so.
tonight at the Newport!! and The Lonely Forest on the bill too. Hope to see you there!!!
Quotes Anyone ?!?
Lololol well, I need to find out how that paint will cost, my funds are dwindling time to prioritize!
now you got it...change your password.
why were we never introduced to #pennybenjamin?
It's just a matter of time until Pete Campbell murders somebody...
Kirk Cameron is not a Douchenag!!
Love: "it doesn't last". PEOPLE: "they change fast". LIFE: "No matter what happens, it still moves on"
I'm TeBowing right now. Amazing game!
I agree..First class event from top to bottom!!!!
Just realized that there's a longer guard for my hair trimmer. Much longer. This is a good thing to remember for next time.
Everything is better wen ur high dont believe me try
Absolutely! Please, please pass statewide smoking ban!
I have good and bad news.....
hopefully soon. Need some manhatten. All is well and happy to hear!
Red flag warning issued for RI
Its really cold outside! Bundle up twitters
There are always things in life you should onto & things you should let go-the difficult part is choosing what stays and what goes.
Quit one of my freelance gigs today and it feels good. Can really focus on my long term ventures now
We're in Denton Thursday at and in Austin on Friday at Both shows with our buddies Leatherbag and Last Joke. Yep.
Photo shoot in Bethesda. Hey Mother Nature, how about two minutes of sunshine for exterior shots. Thanks!
I hate when #oomf tweets about me
Very happy...its Friday!
Just can't get motivated today. Can I have another week or two or three off?
Thank you
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: this win will mean nothing
You can kick someone out of your life, but you still can't keep them out of your heart.
I played at Georgia State & now play sand doubles... good friends with Maria Carlini
In 1912, a house on 20th St in Kalorama Triangle had $10k worth of jewels stolen...and the house was only worth $5k
Z is for Moose copies gone but Everything Goes Book looks GREAT
When your #soccer coach tells you he can get you to the next level, make sure they're not talking about the next age group.
Yay!! RT : Reminder that today's #Rockies game vs. #Reds will be televised on starting 2:00 pm MT
Top of the morning beauties!!!
When your boyfriend offers to bring you over food>>> #howsweet ❤
Hope everyone on the East Coast is safe
:) RT : "Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress." - Nicholas Butler.
is comedy gold. end of story.
Quickbooks for Beginners April 24, 9am. This workshop is for new users and introductions to the basics using Quickbooks....
When using cleaning products, blot the area with a suction block to remove all chemical residue.
Really??? Save it mr. Officer I don't "speed" ever
yep. I'm an online creep who will fuck you online in your online ass.
in glenview. You watching the game?
holding it down at the cma's!!!! Forget about genres!!!
Just remind yourself..."It's been weirder, it's been worse" thanks for bein a sport o_O
This week makes me want to break something. So excited for Thrice tonight with !
Sara, Ever trek to Everest base camp? Going in April with some REI gear!! Childhood friends with Peter Whittaker
Dear ESPN I don't care how much you promote the #DoOverBowl I still won't be watching.
Teacher: Why didn't you answer me? Pupil: I did, I shook my headTeacher: You don't expect me to hear it rattling from here do you!
WINGS! Red Wave is full force again!!!
Blackboard "bought" moodle with the acquisition of Moodlerooms.
Started talking about the illuminati & the end of the world & my dad chimes in with "Lou Malnati's Pizzeria is good."
Recovering nicely from the starvation of suitlessness in San Francisco. I am sucker for suits.
I HAVE A NEW HIT SINGLE IDEA THAT'LL BE PERFECT FOR YOU!!!! Hit me up ASAP
2 thumbs down. I wish Charlie was here to entertain me!
Shouts to all our new followers! We follow back! Also, find us on Facebook. Anyone in #RavenNation has a home in the #ATL! BELIEVE THAT!!
thanks. Hope to have another gig ASAP
#RandomFactAboutMe I don't like commitment/relationships.
#syttd either makes me cry or gets me really annoyed.... Ugh! Why do I do this to my self!?!?!?! no more staying home on
I'm looking for some wordpress braniacs in Austin -- know any? Please send them my way!
im in a drake mood. anyone have take care that i can borrow?
The next Ben & Jerry's flavor: Big Red Freese
My mom piss me off smh , I hate when I drive w.her omg
RT : Some ppl love the attention...wow.. Don't talk shit about a girl/guy and then still buddy buddy
lately.. in the past couple few weeks ive been rocking a new wig. a bleach blonde russian barbie jap anime kindda wig x:)
After a total of 8 hours of training and 4 hours of driving...all I want to do is collapse into bed.
:[ cant wait for it tho! <3
because the ask you things that are on your Facebook page.
Thanks for the push. LS
seems kinda gross
Life is short,Break the rules,Forgive quickly,Kiss slowly,Love truly,Laugh uncontrollably,And never regret anything that made you smile.
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Goin to the job to pick up a few units in a lil bit.Employee discounts are the shit.
"i saw you 3 times at school" *person doesnt even go to my school* "what were you doing at jeff??" *awkward silence* "......." stalker?
Loves an her Appalachia inflected indie blues. <3
Why won't my Tweet Deck work
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome
They were awesome, I liked them & I think they knew it. They knew I wasn't afraid, I wanted 2 know more & they understood & showed me more.
Excited for the Packer game tonight! Have fun, be safe and drink good beer!
Man I'm feeling those Cali beats🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
CONGRATS! | RT : Time for a P.O.Box is growing.
both were in Monroe a week before their deaths too. Lincoln was in Monroe Maryland and Kennedy was in Marilyn Monroe ;)
haha yeah bra
Easygenerator is coming to MA/RI area to meet with clients & prospects. May 31, June 1. If interested contact
up go to my profile and look at my pics
Can't wait any longer for homecoming week
shut up
we were there for 2 awesome weeks
I'll take one!
Tweeps, help us help out ! Bring in 2 canned good items to our Eastern/St.Rose store & get a free med hot/iced coffee
going through the oceans....
I think a lot of user complaints about library resources stem from inadequate link resolver services. Echoed by Herrera @
I really like s version of this song. He seriously shocked me. At first I thought it wasn't him. But I realized hit was.
Normally you dont respond when i do!!!
And do you think the FLOTUS vagazzled? It is a special occasion...
Searching for the truth is easy. Accepting the truth is hard.
great tally.amazing how still they'd be trophyless.
So excited about this! RT : Interested in a network of #VSA2011 colleagues to talk to about soc med eval? #letsjoin!
the site is up, no pictures quite yet though! Soon!
Kyle Busch wins Bristol, Dario Franchitti wins Sonoma, and Rubens Barrichello win in Valencia!! good races this weekend
i miss my ex-bf "Ben" i admit it.. i don't want anyone being mean or being a total bitch to him :\
Ima most lightly move out of Penn hills....
blinking heck, I think the heating has gone mental, its topical here at the towers
Oh, what a night! Went dancing, ended up with a bloody nose! My dance partner whacked me a good one. Still sore. I'm gonna make him pay.
Babe needs to hurry up I need his charger
What happens now?
Hey Whats up :-)
My awesome kid: 'can I please have the house macaroni?'
Lol! You were taking a "nap" remember.
Norway Heavy Snow Rally video is rendering now. Seriously one of my most difficult rally races in DiRT3... but I love the challenge!
no, not lying
You know what's funny about today's entire slew of tweets? I don't even feel that strongly for charters. Think some are great, most OK.
Pre-order your copies now! ;-) RT : We are loving the new Rhian Benson Album down at the store...good vibes ()
uh uh, never have I taken a "nap". Always a cat nap :) hahah
Do biofuels like corn make sense? They use a lot of resources to produce.
what r u talking about Kavah?
Who else is excited for tomorrow? , , , and more will be here & we'll be open 'til 11!
IMO, Maxwell Smith looks like he wants to be the QB.
ROLLER COASTER TYCOON 3DS.... Did I miss it? :O
Please send follow up tweet sometime next week when those legs end.
Negativity is born in the gap where love has been excluded.
Haha they should be friends.
Im rocking with #team cotto
Feel your pain, Homes. I had them in the Final 4.
and it's a shame that not every single american feels that way:( thank you sir!!
llmfao lol ok that's word is "suppose" ima send u the rest
a long time ago!! Don't come at my gur!
#GoRabbits RT : watching 4th && Forever didnt know my old skool Long Beach Poly had a dokumentary out on tv for the football team
Andrew. Bird. That is all.
hell yeah!
I could never give that up, that shit's my world! & aw, omg, thank you :'D
its the worst trip ever.
If I got a RT from it would make my husband jealous. He thinks he is the biggest UK fan of all time LOL. Can you help me out
lookin 4 strategies that will make me "click..."
Need some help planning? We can help you find clubs, shows and even some awesome adrenaline rushes ^AP
Beastie Boys tribute all night long at 14th St and H St. We're also drinking brass monkey if you'd like to join. #RIPMCA -
Much better choice.
PEOPLE NEED 2 GET THEIR PRIORITIES STRAIGHT! Tired of everyone lookn for handouts.
my girl lol
You're very welcome. If I come across any others, I'll be sure to DM you in the future!
#favmoviequote "u knew she was bald head, she knew she ain't have no damn hair"-Smokey "FRIDAY"
I think I'm just up to early.
Thanks for sharing. :)
Only two weeks until we enter escrow on the Pacific View Elementary School site. 2 events are planned to announce the campaign: 4/18 + 5/2
Would you consider a pen pal arrangement where instead of pens we exchanged pastry?
Hot girl just watched in disgust as I shoved a breakfast burrito down my face. How you doin?
aww same here! i was on a scavenger hunt for some shit there with my mother in law lol
Why do I watch #GhostAdventures knowing damn well I'm so scary!
Damn man I miss forreal!
Thank you for all the Birthday wishes!!
mhhmmm I got bit by a lovebug..
Feeling good to be in sunny SoCal. Satellite in Silverlake tonight with and Good times!
RT : Thank you everyone who came out last night from ! was gr8 to have you in our house. cc
Unpacking Common Core standards for South Dakota, anyone have any easy ideas????
#FlyMeToLondon PLEASE?! x
sounds good!
we're trying to set something up out there very soon actually. :)
RE-air of the fencing show we did for ESPNU is on at 7PM ET tonight. Check it out - it's done as a documentary of the event.
ok. Thanks. I will go through you when I am ready.
#ThingsOnMyMind Probably better than the things on your mind
If I could I would, but I can't so I won't.
Fresh out da shower finna head to da money
I haven't -- will have to test it out next time! Peanut butter & jelly is my all-time fave, though. :)
My 2nd son arrived today, early just like his brother.
join us for our "Future Forward" theme #charity event NYE! Space Architect John Spencer to present + auction!
Pooch Hall! Nice.
yea at 7 at Tork. Ill take it with me
Good job to our good friends at Lila Ignite tonight...we missed u and u came back as strong as ever...best of luck to u all!
Any day where I can get to work and say 'oh, thank god - someone made Jell-o shots.' is a good day.
Why can't rain just pour out of the clouds??? I hate this humidity
RIP Junior Seau....
Recording is coming along but we still have a show this month, next wed. at Long Wong's, be there!
:/ i mean he deserves to be famous. his talent is just amazing but i want him to myself. is that bad?
Monroe plates four in the second and chases Kayla Negus, but Milton gets one back in the third on Chandler Richards HR. 4-3 Monroe B3
#YouKnowYoBitchBig when she go to a birthday party and the kids mistake her for a Jumper
Ya, but they can be so spendy. Maybe just food. Or I was once at a show where someone actually had a puppy in their booth.
OMG. OMG. OMG. I can't even handle the thought. Ahh, this is gonna be amazing. I just want a picture of them. Like for real.
I've got 99 problems, but my rifts ain't one.
lol it's what I do!
#SadMomentWhen you realize how you feel about someone isn't how they feel about you
Isn't that how most projects work? MT : These trans. proj. have 1 zealous volunteer who does > than 10% of the work...
hm, let us know how that goes!
Inspiring video!
its my birthday tomorrow!! :D -taylorhannish
That sounds/looks amazing. Refined comfort food. M.
#NowPlaying - Six Feet Under The Stars. Brings back memories.
You attending #wgf11?
You better #
Thanks. So much for modern technology; have the same problem at Facebook. Why does it do that? (Rhetorical question, BTW.)
um i dont know hahah sorry i forgot what we were talking about
Imagining the future: Mostly virtual experience, customized learning, freely available knowledge materials.
thanks for joining us, CFS! We just loved hanging' with ya!
kids are victims in this story.
i was born to make mistakes, and i'll die with all of my lessons learned
idk.. we'll just be making out.. and she's sitting there.Taking pictures. Its weird.But its just what moms do
We can start the countdown to the Mayan calendar end of the world (2012) To the one I said not if you're the last man on earth: just kidding
Terrible. terrible. terrible. performance. #grammys what the hell where you thinking with that one?
What kind of acting do you like to do the most? Film, stage?
lol photoshop :P
that model on your twitter page is just stunning!
Music is legit my life. Headphones in, world out. <3
Former #MKTG118 students... tonight is the night for my Twitter class, so you'll see my account active again. Using #EBUS118 hash instead.
I love that song!
I miss
wants some turkey teriyaki jerky
most of the people (98%)populating this country are idiots, slaves and freaks who want to restore the USSR.
We all know tht when we say live life with no regrets we mean don't make stupid mistakes that you'll have to regret.
when I tell people to live tweet from events they never take me serious. You're really taking it to the next level.
Btw the fence to keep the dog out of the garden failed. He jumped it and dug holes anyway! So much for home improvement.
Timsanity... I love it!
Thank you for the inspirational call tonight! You are the best friend a person could ask for! Love you!
And that was the dagger...USA is done #2012WJC #badgerhockey. Maybe they should of had a Badger in the line up instead of a bunch of rats.
It's okay next time I just won't tell you anything
And there goes my life pha
Headed out with :)
i understand reed .... like CC said, thats what player's go thru
Josh's assumption to why im obese.. " dude you could've had a 6 pack by now but you drink like its the end of 2012"
Dance, Mommies!
Heading out for a weekend trip? Get your oil changed & car ready first. Don't even leave the office - we'll come to you!
I love Derek Bieber!(;
Ty Lawson, Jrue Holiday & Jeff Teague, 3 point guards the #Knicks passed up on for Jordan Hill, not to mention Jennings whod be nasty in ny
i always can lighten a mood xD
You tweeted that it contradicts (breaks) Medina's rule
.. we won, because I wouldn't want to get killed afterwards lol. It depends tho. Sometimes I cant help it :/
great set of Colonial hats and hair - nice to see some simpler styles from a century fraught with excess.
thanks for the follow...
The end being the key word here!
The samples have arrived and photos are up on facebook!
Phillip Phillips marry me 😍😘
Indeed! “: I saw that same tour right here in Portland, it was a great show. A very sad day”
Vote YES on the merger
"Bought LAUNDRY MAN. I LOVE Asian suspense." // Thanks, man. I wish there were a lot more people like you in the world...
fosters and stromboli mushrooms onions,cheese m good eats
I finished reading the book Appreciation Marketing! It was great!
How can Obamacare be a good idea? Didn't we learn anything from 2008 crisis? Namely the dangers of companies too-large-to-fail?
Steven, working the night baggage claim at Seatac, went above and beyond the call of duty to help me find my wallet. Thanks!
I think I would prefer the 12' and just use the lane lines as boundaries..what's your thoughts on 6' advantage?
Algorithms, Macros, decoding...the fck!? I'm not a computer science major!
YES! Oh, actually, I think I have one right here...
Students For a SAFE Campus & The SAFE Place present #WalkInHerHeels - a men's walk to stop rape, sexual assault, and gender violence.
Any Rogue fans out there with another suggestion???
Maybe you should hold a "design contest" on 99designs...
hanging out at my grandmothers house with dad wish she would get home already(:
Cherry Blossoms all over my freakin car!
You be my sunny day, ill be your shaded tree.
I think it was the giant douche comment that got me just want you to realize what you say before you say it
Bari sells rabbit, you can ask the butcher for just the saddle, I bet. We just picked one up today...
Haven't been in a thunderstorm like this since I left Florida.
If we dont have to play OKC in the first round we got a good shot to go the Western Conference Finals No its not Lob City, Its Dunk City 720
Chocolate covered espresso beans!!! 'nuff said people!!!!
Thx! Will take a listen & respond.
it won’t work on the GSM iPhone either... :)
I wish everyday traffic was like saturday morning traffic!
shorts today??!!
Not sure I need another social network but I think I'll give google+ a try.
Changed my twitter handle to reflect the new move... now!
Bryz should have had that one
Vince, I got an idea! Wrestlemania 29: The Sisters Of Destruction vs. The Manning Brothers.... Buried Alive!!! Get at me, VKM, lol!
I wanna laugh. But I know exactly what you talking about. I need help
I'm veryfucking irritated right now. She's not our kind and is reading to me like I'm 3.
A March 23rd Zeppelin tribute show is creeping up on us ... What songs should we play ?? Which ones should we never play ?!
Powers out?
- it's lisa from One Club. follow me here, too, for the "real" me - hehehehe
& follow me please #SOMEDAY :)
Hey (:Whats up?? Only 80 more to go <3
the best christmas present a girl can ask for is just a simple hello from you. I love you. <3
"You think i lost the best.. When i could do better in the first place(; Thanks" He broke up with mee.
clearly they've replaced the animal's stomach lining with a kilt
for instance I always teach a unit on Political Participation around the election cycle...
I still can't believe I get paid to PLAY all day. I love being a speech path - best job ever!
we were just talking about this with someone else at the conference so it's definitely on the list!
Lou Harrison: A World of Music (2011): Paint-by-numbers PBS style doc of an individual filled with passion, humor, insight, and genius. 4:5
But what will become of his glasses?
I like mondays less than the boomtown rats
Tea partiers cause the Steven Seagal to be accused of sexual abuse. When will the violence end?
Stopping for a moment to wish everyone a Happy Turkey Day tomorrow.
#japan Why don't we have robots to deal with radioactive materials?
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS! STOP BUY FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WSL
Show at Dales went great! Tonight {Tues.} I'm playing with Casanova at Daytona Beach at the Full Moon Saloon on Main St. Gonna be rockin'!!!
you don't love snoop dog just love him for his doggy style. Haha
Interesting take. Wow! My daughter's tuition was $80K
No hail please!!
Picciano - Big foundations are setting the education agenda in this country - would prefer to see the agenda set by educators.
The EU willingness to stop buying oil by June is directly related to the willingness to use force.#Herzliyaconf amb blackwell.
MT : Ds leap enthusiasm gap. Obama's Columbus rally, first of 2012 race, is dramatically larger than Romney events so far.
Y'all sleep posting yo license pic don't you know it shows yo address?
That shampoo adv comes to mind, yes, yes, yes
So.. #DMB song on American Idol .. Hope for it to be #Halloween !!!
this Avon hood off 21st past raceway has some courts.
f You Have A Gut Feeling To Leave, Then That's A Good Enough Reason.
Thank you, Carla :)
I gotta rep the
damn i need to type my history paper
Thank u very much for liking us on fb! U will recieve a thx from there later in the day as well.
What are you doing in Boston?
I love it
Glad you all liked our #SuperMoon pic - Happy Sunday!
Five years for this track? I think it took Cosmic Gate a day to produce Exploration of Space.
that what I say about all my friends. And man juice. Or something.
#killit : Seein the NCAA championships today at Wickliffe got me pumped for Nebraska.
10"4 brah don't stop the grind stay motivated
What does that mean?
Need to start planning my vacation for the summer
I can't believe it's been so long since I have been on Twitter! Sorry! Way too busy, but that's no excuse right!
Really looking forward to going to Hillsong with 180 tonight! Then Kentucky on Sunday...busy, busy, busy!
What a great Sunday in Miami.
Hey Guys....No Practice Today due to the Thunderstorms!!! Let the colonials who don't check fb know!!!
I should not have played Angry Birds!!!
once i start getting i will get more shirts from an others
Jokes about the racism of Hollywood don't work when you are Hollywood.
Well I just got into twn about an hour ago.Took a look around, see which way the wind blow.Where the little girls in their Hollywd bungalows
This just made me cry :') You are so supportive Alex<3 Austin is lucky to have you in his life
To be honest, I don't want Austin to get his braces off :)
well yeah dood its like if I went back to having my ears at 3/4 it doesn't make sense.
"She was an actress, now she's just a drama queen."
Shucks! Thought you were coming with us.
PDFescape () is the greatest thing ever - thanks !
Time for some #H50 with
No. The heart of the mother that is crying the loudest. If our men are being extinguished, then so are we. Their story is ours.
So why u got one Chasity ???
Thanks Gabe, I owe much of it to you and Rick!
DRINKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER? Raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite. Best drank cold/iced/add lemons.
that's fine. As long as I win I'm good
God night Twitter ♥ x
I got a kick out of the 2nd photo on the front of the "vision & overview" page. I think "Slavic Serial Records" represents the old!
I don't know it Just started! Its scary!
Monday Night #RAW! Yeah Triple H! You tell him.
true, the conditioning is sad. And to have #ThinkLikeAMan headed toward $60mil in 2 weeks use it NEEDLESSLY 3x is just bad news.
You know what's really funny to non-Wisconsinites? When you talk about the town Chenequa.
Should be able to drag and drop to manage subscriptions/folders in Google Reader
Honeybadger don't care. Honeybadger don't give a shit!
Let's get shwasted!!!
wow, beautiful! Echo if you come across similar work exploring astronomy/night sky, send along please!
Is now a full fledged AFTRA member!!!!
Petitioner training/signing in KC at Californos, 4124 Pennsylvania in Westport from 4-6 today. Help us legalize cannabis in MO!
Borders closing = now 1 bookstore only on all of Maui. *gulp*
hope everyone has finished all their work --- grades are due today!
Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best
Oh Jordan, trust me, it's not attractive. It would send any guy running.
who's wedding is this?
Despite the fact I don't vote in #Mexico, I will be watching the
EVERYONE ON HERE NEEDS TO FOLLOW !!!!!!!!!!
Are you true to yourself? If you say you're (a) "metalhead""rocker""goth""scene""emo," etc, the answer is no. Fuck trends, be yourself!
ssssiigh. my panel's over. I have postpartumpanel syndrome.
I'm Doing me. Do yourself a favor and do you I don't need any male groupies
Bank holiday and I'm in bed sound
what about the Green wave basketball team.
moving 4 blocks away. my option to get into the pricey west side market. so excited. new beginning for me. ANEW!
Kurt Cobain > Justin "Beaver"
follow back??
John thanks for the RT.
Theyve won like 26-28 but we just beat them in SA 3 weeks ago, they a lil worried!
refs trying to stop terps from pulling upset today
we can't wait to see you!
oven is humming ..the flashing "FRESH HOT BISCUITS" " sign is on!
yep pricey to live in manhattan...but outer boroughs u could find cheaper spot or in north jersey
It's a gorgeous day in Milwaukee! I'm even more excited for spring break and warm weather now
Do or Do Not. There is no try.
This Sixers/Celtics game is sloppy as hell
Hello San Diego!
what about them o.o
awww yeah. Good luck!
It's on TV right now!
Yes you are correct...on its way out...still have my Nokia Astound though......wishful thinking re: the app. I guess.
Professions that people cheat the most in. Secret Service is apparently now on the list along with athletes, rock stars, what else?
in back bay closing.. Oh no!
I think that could be done...could also build 'mini' events throughout the year.
still aint got no dang Iphone but it's commin
hope to see you this weekend!
Cute! Plus: What a beautiful yard & beyond!
You don't do nothing like that
Thanks to the UVU students, there is now a Google Ad campaign for Jillian's Story! Success is measured by clicking the Google Ad + buying!
who else is here the whole summer
Haven't Tweeted In The Longest >.<
Your Mom deserves the best! Enjoy a special Mother's Day menu for $59 per guest. Private rooms available. Reservations 210-228-0700
That's what you get for following people while on PCP.
She lives in my lap.
Ok I know you said that you don't have a personal Facebook account but someone under your name keeps adding me!
Government says Lozis are committing treason by declaring state within Zambia
as I understand it, yes.
haha... I want one too!
Getting ready to launch my new website and new products, also a GREAT SALE for the month of November! Stay tuned...~Amber~
Local team chairs are selected by that team itself per event. Important to note "local" is not required to be on an event team.
Well, looks like our "San Francisco summer" has bid farewell. Time to fire up those heat lamps and clean out the fireplace.
Ever just want to BE somewhere completely different? Right now I'd like to be in Yosemite National Park in the 1970s.
Thanks for the shout we're excited about this opportunity!
