< I have an Infinity Pool, A cherry blossom tree and a floating Artelian Chandelier in my UFO! You talking abt SEXY! Huh? wha?
Pounding a beer at 5 in the morning #neveragoodsign fuck it all
whoa man, that's a pretty sweet drawing!
if by CRUNK you mean high as a mofo on the glue they use...its a possibility.
I'm sure...haha “: Work should new fun tomorrow”
but ZUBAZ we're the best idea you've ever had... oh, Zubaz, I miss you...
As someone who rides their bike in this city I'm not sure how we won an award for being "bike friendly". Our Drivers SUCK!
when a southern person says "well aren't you just precious" it translates to mean "well at least your mom thinks you're pretty".
Thanks for coming out to support #CashMob! See you again next time!
If I tell u he said he hates me, would that make you happy?
TRUST ME IF EVERYONE WERE ABLE TO SEE THEIR FUTURE ALOTTA PPL GNA SEE SUMTHIN DEY DNT LIKE
"If It Ant No J's I Don't Hear From Ya" Lol
Girls would give up they bodies b4 they name
70% of the time it's Wine Time all the time ": It IS INEED wine time. Grab a glass!"
Hope Puerto Rico is good and as well, take care, don't worry you all will be fine, we're praying nothing serious happens :)
SAVE UMDNJ!!! Plans may be in effect to dismantle! Public hearing will take place on Thurs. at 60 Nelson Place, Newark. Show your support!!!
Accountant now urging me to get a mortgage and some dependents. Has he been talking to my mother?
Time to take out the trash on Facebook today. Hopefully it will bring me under 1,000 friends lol
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is world’s largest spectator sporting facility, w/ more than 250,000 permanent seats.
Can't wait! Chilling with my girls next weekend...
u can tell if kids get disciplined at home by the way act n public. Kids who know they'll get their ass beat know better 2act out n public!
happy birthday!
Batting Cage is usually used by people including baseball players to practice batting or for people who just likes to have fun.
Whats the difference between a peanut and a almond?
The thought of creating this show came directly from Heaven, the show speaks to REAL life issues
CMOs' hot marketing technology buttons: CRM systems, Experience databases, RFPs, Social Media &. Blogs and CI
Never send boys to do a mans job
What a great title! You must have a very creative mind..
I was gonna be on a show but I was to young , I wasn't too young for the job , but my patents wanted a normal life 4 me
yo come to ATL soon bro
You're right. I did mean Gandalf. However, that guy could pass for a short-bearded Billy Gibbens if he put on sunglasses. :-D
Can't even believe it
A. Hargrove submitted deceleration, said he was instructed by coaches to lie about bounties - Reports (ESPN)
Sustainability Center isn't effective at benefiting the economic health of
No, it doesn't bother me that you talk about other girls. -_-
nielsen ratings: per month, Americans watch over 4 hrs of content on mobile devices in addition to traditional tv & computers
Great start today with the crew: We throw a good meeting! Stay tuned May 1st.
This series now has an asterisk.
Haha(: I don't know(: I might have things I have to do.But you should come by and say Hi(:
Happy Hour all day everyday in the lounge
Total Eclipse of the heart sound exactly the same when sung in French.
“: People who use the word "classy" - aren't.”
Oh my, just got your Labyrinth print, brought back great memories of my youth. Fun to draw Bowie's hair?
Ryan, Happy to hear that our work has inspired you. I feel that same inspiration every day-inspiration that keeps me working.
you don't care abt the very poor,y wld you care abt small %age Gays who get short end in $ and civ rights-Focus on Voters
“In order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.”- Jesse Owens
objc needs autoboxing, going back & forth in core data - [nsnumber numberwithint:..] is getting tiring
Chelsea lately fat neck ass..Yu gotta glass eye..always ROLLIN looking ass..pass me day Michael..8mile looking ass
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mother! Love you
I work wit Cory, holla atcha boy! Everybody follow
Last day of work in Lowell. Last syringe I will walk past on the way to work.
Good Afternoon!!
gg pool key may you rip with the other 5 we've lost this summer
social networking is destracting me from my studies..
Tonight's gonna be good :D :*
I love bdubs
good evening beautiful!
When you randomly think of something funny that happened and you start laughing
Von Kaiser is singing at Hula Hula!!!!!!
Someone come tweeze my eyebrows for me I'm too lazy goddamn sex with a person you give a damn about wipes a girl out.
"Thank you!! : Happy Birthday! Hope you have a great day!"
Happy Easter!!
Warren: Who should you be having lunch with? Collaborate with other orgs.
How is it not supposed to be a good day? Its sunny & not a cloud in the sky when the weather called for rain! Studying & laying out it is! ☀
Football isn't a contact sport, it's a collision sport. Dancing is a contact sport.--Duffy Daugherty
Advertiser bough a 2x4in space for a 3x5in ad. (No, it doesn't scale well.)
g2g do my hw idk if il b back D;
HAHA HEY! it's your baby too sweetheart!(:
Once again, I need to announce I am no longer a real estate agent. I welcome the follows, I just want to make it clear :)
Glad you found our infographic interesting, thanks for sharing!
Another one run loss. #Twins beat the #Mariners 3-2. 7 straight L's
yeah but bout to run back out gotta session @ 7 u should come thru and sit thru that
how can you not look!?
alright, anything but bread or sugar attached. :-) (I'm sure I'm missing others)
What's the largest Nano out these days? I am a huge music fan so i like to maximize my shuffle options.
ha yeah right! How you watching it?
Some of the more comical moments in Milwaukee occur while watching people try to operate the parking meter boxes downtown.
700 of the original 1200 goal done.Break to take the kid () back to his dorm at OSU. next year, parking fee is on me
Sweet thanks! :D
you gets no love !
Automatic love note<33
i Know Im NOT , But Antione And Them Is !
I have the most amazing peppermint growing in my bedroom. It smells so great!
Woohoo!! Me too!! :) RT : so excited for tomorrow night!
NLCS Champs! Go Cards!
Welcome media sponsor 100.3 The Sound to this year's Hope For Firefighters!
Hope you enjoyed your beers! They are two of our favorites right now.
RT Sometimes I get sad, Then I remember I am Lady Gaga.
1:20am and all i wanna do is play music
For sure! I would still love to see a test of a G+ hangout. Even the pres is in on that now!
goodmorning how u
I wanted to buy a white Bronco, but my white wife said no.
I Gotta Bad Habit... I CAN'T STOP GETTING MONEY! *Shrugs*
*DA FUTURRE.* Children: "So Mom, who was your idol?" Me: "Austin Mahone." Children: "OMG Dad was your idol?"
who saw the #bitchimfrommilwaukee shirt on the jumbotron at miller park yesterday during the brewer game?
HI Shanta! Please check your messages. I will send you some info. :-)
Listening to 'Angel' by ♥♥
I'm. so. tired.
Much appreciated! #Creative Group , #Recording Artist , and Web
Who here is attending the Western Arts Alliance Conference in Seattle Washington in August?
NEVER SEEN SUCH AN AMAZING GAME ! WHAT DRAMA ! Duke beat UNC in the FINAL SECOND !! 85 - 84 . This is how you comeback.
2nd observation this afternoon. 1st grader asked me why I'm having an operation. Nice to see he was concerned!
I tramp a perpetual journey. Habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life.
I'll post a bunch on Saturday lol :)
Looking to improve your health this fall - check out for ideas, deals, & more!
“: cause I wanna see em”you'll b ok
Christmas tree lying on the side of the highway. Never not funny.
We just had a fabulous and productive board meeting. Go team TR!
Don't expect to find the right person if you aren't willing to let the wrong 1 go.
hi gloria and friends
I wanna get high!!!
only word i can think of to describe John Mayer's new album is "Southern"
Re: Books without Borders: Interesting to see how technology is being applied to assisting developing countries, however it fails to 1/2
While I break this tree down
but its not really a subconscious thought now that i've figured myself out huh?
That Elise/Phillip cover of Tom Petty/Stevie Nicks duet Stop Dragging My Heart Around was HOT. Uff da.
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
thanks girl!!! And don't worry I will!'
Boo you whoree!
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE.
You can't hit a target you cannot see, and you cannot see a target you do not have.
I know. We haven't even had primaries yet in Indiana. The mood seems to favor right-leaning Republicans. Obama won IN in 08
You don't know how bad I want this :/
Wow...That's just scary...
The Dow Jones didnt hold 13000. We will see what the rest of the week brings.
We support our community and purchase everything for our business in Greenwood, Indy, and Muncie...We love Indiana and the USA!
That is what IRC is for, good sir. #gwj on quakenet awaits.
Much needed coffee at Music in Milwaukee panel at
nahh, shake my hand...
ah I love those ! When do those come out?
lol i was thinking in urban areas, more gangs and dangerous stuff, and thus more opportunity to get your ass kicked
where r u moving to?
YEEAHH shut ya up REAL quick...he right here too don't MAKE me tell him lol
Mike Posner's cover of Stay Schemin is so good.
makes me want to know who my other fellow 10% are!
Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens. Douglas Jerrold
What has society come to?
Whoa! That sounds interesting! Pls. let me know how it is!! I like a good scare!
wow lol I'm going to come in their tonight to get my check
heavy music like chelsea grin and suicide silence puts me in such a better mood, i love it.
: thanks! Your name is "awesome" as well. :)
No way!!! What are you doing today/tonight?!
I just finished a huge project that has been at the top of my ”to do” list for months! Happy weekend to me!
how was it?(:
Groom asks why UMW isn't using technology to build a stronger community.
Maciek is awesome...
I have mixed feelings on the 's week long special on 's #CollegeLife show.
I'll say dude is definitely the most 'aware' of TDE. Hands-down.
Already on my way. RT Anybody in the mood to drink heavily tonight? Keep me
“If you want to stand out from the crowd when you enter the graduate jobs market, pursuing a degree abroad could be the answer."...
Hi Wendy, hope you are having a good day!
i think u still like me... Awww
taking out all your frustrations on everyone around you<<
watched Master Class on Sunday. Thank you for this. A true gift.
10 Facebook Tips: never hashtag on Facebook.
Jammies, Go-Go Gomez & Laura are off to enjoy some Smashburger! If you like burgers it a must try for lunch.
ya but I wanted to do something else
yea I really don't want you in Chicago actually
What does #KimJongIl death mean for the future of North Korea if son is not ready to take over?
How do we know if we got m&g?!
Is it time for Happy Hour yet? I hear a Tripel Karmeliet calling my name...
Thanks for the Follow and love what you do!
#nowplaying "because i got high" - afroman, "smoke 2 joints" - sublime, "legalize it" - bob marley Happy #420 tweeps! Fire up!
I will be visiting you tonight, be prepared.
#realtalk I need to learn the importance of waxing #sorry my legs are not summer ready
I get severely upset watching the "can't take my eyes off of you" scene in 10 things I hate about you.
My mother's crazy quote of the day: "That Al Roker sure has a lot of teeth."
It's #talktometuesday Ask me anything. I will answer all questions and I will answer them honestly.
#FF The crew:
That lotion actually made me ashy.. That's not supposed to happen!
"I decorate DECORATIONS!!" oh nigahiga how I love you.
seriously bro, THEY'RE FUCKIN HORRIBLE
The MRT limited the damage to our hospitals, but our healthcare future is still scary. We need $$! Wealthy NY'ers, step up! Share the pain!
Is startin a campaign to send all ugly and fat girls to Africa so they can catch a diease there and rid the world of there presence
I do
Time has been going by so SLOW !
Are you going to make your secure360 preso available or to the unwashed masses?
Black sets a neutral and basic tone.
Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99178; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 70% SHORT
ONE-LINER: Religion cannot be without morality, but morality may arrive without religion.
Thanks!!!!! He is going to be excited, this will be his first time at a basketball camp.
It's #Basketball time!
7 days of consistancy develops a routine today is the 6th day of doin my 3 miles a day im so proud of myself im so focused
Dear coffee, at any point you'd like to kick in and wake me up, that would be great. Sincerely, Josh
where can I find this quad moab vid you guys are talkin about?
I've recently started practicing Buddhism again with intention and so far the dividends from my work have been great as is life
we were late getting situated & anchor tossed it to me as they took her shot...i couldn't lean into shot to put it down-hilarity
haha I did it fine. You'll be okay
People never change
Garcia to bid for Spanish treble Sergio Garcia will bid for a third successive victory in Spain at the Volvo World Match Play Championshi
pitcher Phil Humber is just three outs away from pitching a perfect game in Seattle.
show he just shouted out huge
Re: sort by Pub Date Free Form in RefWorks - no, not possible (sorry for late reply, by the way - let me know if more q's)
So exhausted! But must lesson plan!
libro means book. that's right!
RIP Donna Summer, The Queen Of Disco. Thanks for all the wonderful memories.
- cleaninnn my room, so tired .
We'll be together in 20 days, finally!
It's going to be fabulous!
i had an awful dream last night omfg i cant
#ERL12 Go for being the top tweeter/twitterer(?)!
I swear to god i wish i could get my hands on him, hes lucky he goes to canyon, got me pissed off
Welcome to #edcampss teachers from Perth Amboy!! Excited to meet and share with you soon! #sschat cc
hehe! Yes there was a bit of a "queue". Chortles!!!
Ha! Missed this last week. I'm assuming massive amounts of amphetamines. Oh, and joy.
C.C. Sabathia has the ideal athletic frame to model bowling products."
Yeah I know that movie was killer that's my fav movie.
Have you tried our new Nut Brown Ale? It's a new addition to our fall Craft Pack.
ur growing up rite before my eyes I'm so proud of you :')
you're welcome, I hope you had a wonderful birthday. :-)
oh No!!! I'm right where you left me, sewing kit standing by.
SO excited for my new job I can't wait!!
"Wine is sunlight, held together by water." - Galileo Galilei
Older? What do people think KG will get as a FA this off-season?
Want to know how much stuff we get at the MOMS Sale? Check this out!
Twitter :GoodNight!;)
"You're like Benny the Jet of Almonds." - Best compliment ever.
Im fic this bitch asap
Almost 5pm? How did that happen? Not that I'm complaining...
We're all stumbling towards the light with varying degrees of grace at any given moment. -Bo Lozoff
Maybe it's just me, but do you agree? Most people would GLADLY donate what they've made for circulation in libraries.
Definitely anti-penny! RT : Go away, snail mail. Also, I'm anti-pennies. Who's with me!
RIGHT! and we gonna need some new Ci merchandise this era
hahaha weird is IN! :P
Back to business as usual comes Monday! Get up get out and get that PAPER!
it can't hurt right?
i hate that i miss him so much. Cuz i know i shouldnt.
Yes! MT : #Mizzou wins the Big 12 tournament 90-75 over #Baylor. Great coaching job by Frank Haith...Should they get a 1 seed?
On the "fast" boat from Tallinn, Estonia to Helsinki, Finland w/EJM. 3 days of recording starting 2morrow. Hang tight 4 some tracks shortly.
I need a nap...
If you have a favorite credit report jingle, I think it's safe to say we're not friends.
nytnyt and sweet dreams lil sissie telana~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear lil sis <3
Just catching up on #MadMen 508. Poor Pete, that crumpled romantic, hedged in by his blue blood sensibilities & blue suit sense of style.
Where the fuuuuuuck is and ?!
Thanks #wits for all the fun, funny stuff and fantastic music.
Pink Ivy
You guys been in touch w Deb A?
Check back with us later today for the launch of our new blog!
Seeing randomly at arbys. >>>
BREAKING: Hanson not running in #preakness. Of course, he didn't run in #KYDerby, either...
Greinke done after 7 innings – 14th straight Miller Park start in which he won't take a loss.
Happy Aloha Friday! :D
at my new white chick moma house waiting on the food.to finish :)
so hey again watevere sup
It was exhausting and it rained one day... a very long day, but such a good experience. I love going behind the scenes at museums.
I hope you feel better soon.
Discussed economic development, education and neighborhood issues with Mayor Soglin. Smart guy!
Heartbreaking stat: for every service man or woman killed in line of duty two commit suicide once they're back home.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Watching Wes Anderson movies like it's my job. Because, this week, IT TOTALLY IS.
Dinner with the
NEWS OF THE WORLD DECLARES WAR ON VOICEMAIL PASSWORDS
Need a Broker proxy for Barb??? Count me in.
Johnson on Uthoff's decision to transfer: "This news is totally surprising, to say the least."
Remember Facebook fans get in free - print out the coupon under PHOTOS.
you got playoff game predictions for me today
I just woke up :p
Once again a ref feels the need to decide the game himself.
hope it's not texting and Driving lol
Omfg Give Me Your Hand is coming out on my birthday??
Has anyone noticed how much has improved as a broadcaster ? Hard work pays off.
It was probably chip.
This is what he did back in the day. Nice to see a return to form.
I love you
Feeling good about my decision.
That's the great thing about meatballs they are such a versatile food!
#kids Kids Menu 1/2 Price at Humperdinks Richardson and Dallas Brewery at Humperdink's Restaurant, Sun, May 20 11:00a: Kids Menu Meals...
omg loll this is about to be too funny hahahah
like mad hungry!!!
The #Redskins just bet the farm...hope RG3 is worth it.
where were you today
Milla Jovovich although I don't care for the RE series I still watch it...
If your visiting make sure to let us know you are following us!
Live in Joy, In love, Even among those who hate.
haha cuase I own some NY Cosmos gear?
Attending the
haha..yes. Kind of. Free all week next week though. SUSHI.
I would like to read it sometime :) I'm sure you'll get a great grade... A++!
Wow the shit people say sometimes.
sweet guy= friend zone...asshole guy= boyfriend... lession learned dont b a nice guy if you actually want a girl
Can anyone find the DSLTAG site for #QR t-shirts?
Come on hoosiers!!! Let's do this!!!
Come say hi at the spokane Arena Concourse at Saturday's game!
SODA BAR $10 TONIGHT LOTUS PLAZA WYMOND MILES MIRROR MODE
Just spilled bubble tea down the front of my shirt. Today is not my day!
... in addition to leading the Texans to the 3rd ranked total offense of 2010. * head -> desk *
I want the Guitar Pick Necklace and Those Bracelets & Wristbands so Badly! :( But I don't have money. :(
You should never lose the aspect of friendship while in a relationship...thats when they call it marriage!
definitely a comment on WV.
what do you mean?
I am the best! Great great great great!
here doing my hair & you
I'm n Kentucky. Family is in Indiana
Both and need to hurry up in finishing and releasing their new albums already!
dang if that accident was in real life it would be much worse
Pawcasso Art Auction this past Sat. was a big success! The 2 pieces I donated were both bought for over 3x my suggested retail value!
I think the streets will really love "Like That" you have
I know right?
Sometimes the travel is better than the arrival
#FF A TOUT LES LITTLE MONSTERS ♥♥
sxsw dates are up gahhhhh i need hotel!
Wed.posts are finished with 112 cappers with action going tonight and we have 2 NHL consensus and 1 college on Creighton...See ya at the Win
I'm so mad that we couldn't take pictures! I wanna so ditch class to see him tomorrow but I can't! >_<
you win! LOL
shouldn't you be paying attention to the road and not tweeting?!
"The question isn't who is going to let me, it's who is going to stop me" Oh Ayn Rand.
Dude where's my car?
We bout to eat lunch
I wonder if they're going to do one on Fukushima in 20 years...
thanks for the rec! I basically only read my audioart list... you should follow it!
#mybigfatgypsywedding is fabulous for #accents plus the culture. My not-so-secret indulgence.
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ .
just a cool move by Magic
Rise & Grind! Working through the weekend! Chasing your dreams doesn't take weekends off!
"Mirrors dont show progress, they just show how much work is left to do"
God has Great plans for me!!
My math teacher just put our assignment on the board, told us to work in groups and then left. Awesome. Third class that she hasn't taught..
Surely he could break skin on knuckles in self defence, fighting off attack. And no, no justification for murder.
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet & mental approach
Lol call me chump
Do you want to stay the night? I'll cook for you.
wait til I show u the photos of when I was her for Halloween in 4th grade...and why the heck parents let me do that?!? No idea
Monday gonna be crazy
Hi Laura :) I got your comment and I'd be excited to check out your blog etc I will be back with you by early next week :)
when u coming to Tallahassee fool since u didn't come last month?
I charge royalties you know.
Love doesn't hurt. It's the one you're choosing to love that's hurting you.
happy birthday
We still have a good 4 or more client accounts hosted with , no worries!
i've got similar problems - javascript, ruby, a little java, a little php, a little of this, a little of that
We have lots of Gluten Free options as Elizabeth is GF!
which is too late?
Now I know that I'm not, all that you got... <3
you will man. I just gotta find a whip lol. I cant ever find a ride.
Worked w her recently, Octavia Spencer is super deserving and humble (unlike me, name dropping in a tweet)
follow me okayys
Bout to go see the unstoppable hopefully it's good. What are y'all getting into tonight
Good morning, Rochester! 75 and sunny - perfect day for a boat ride in Pittsford.
Going to look at a potential office space on Tuesday. I am SO EXCITED, you guys. Time to grow this biz.
Lots of notes from the pre-locking viewing. OMG Fresh eyes can tell you a lot about your film. Still a lot to do before we hand it off. Wow!
Christmas is over... Here we come New Year's!!!
devin said snoop dog is "cold" as fuck lmao. cold supposedly means cool lol
Eddie had ol girl in the front rows panties flooded, lol
Breaking News from AP: Supreme Court will rule on Arizona law targeting illegal immigrants.
Thank you for your support in vendor village at the #MLK celebration we <3 YOU
Maybe Nathan Fletcher should run for the Gov. of New Jersey. :)
Do you think they would frown on Black Tea? (I'm kind of dragging here)
I wonder how many more AB's Devin Mesoraco would have if Dusty Baker wasn't the manager.
how's it going?
Fridayy morning :D Have a great day :)) ♥
See you at Stanford!
Oh. My. God. A giant journal just accepted my paper.
He might be made at me; bc I ain't get a call last night or today um
Then lets talk ! haha. (:
Did any1 go to the free LMFAO concert? It wuz AWESOME!!!!!!! It wuz so full but really reall awesome!!!! !!!! RT!!
haha RT Johnny Depp was just voted the Sexiest Man Alive by People Magazine. In related news, I am still in my pajamas
Disagree with these analysts. What sense would it make to attack Romney until you're the clear number two?
only is you run out of whiskey...
are you out?!
Any musicians in the Hudson Valley interested in buying a Marshall cab?
We figured! What a LOSER! Making up lies about other cappers all day!
It's us against the world right now
Silly Hoe, he will never love you.
Congratulations to Alex Broun! Two of his plays were selected to be performed in Take Ten! Talented Australian playwright www.alexbroun.com
that's great, Ann! Good luck to her!:)
Pink is fantastic! Thanks for sharing!
It's #FlopCity time in LA!!!
I agree.
needs to get his ass somewhere safe like NOW!
Another track is pretty much finished up for the album. It's called in the mood
thanks so much for the follow! We appreciate it.
Just wanna lay down and be anti social
Members Card Golden State +8 (25 units)
Valentine's Day is right around the corner. Have you found a gift for your someone special? Visit Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood today!
Just to let you guys know someone has hacked my page and it's sending messages randomly . Don't open those messages, they contain a virus.
hey you. How's your day so far?
"They spend your money and tell their friends everything. It's about economics!". I love you, Cameron Crowe
Was eating out alone, server struck up a conversation, ended my night with "Katherine Westlake, you are cool as hell." #nolongerbummedout :)
Kinda mad I stayed up watching that game. Feel like causing some trouble...
People who masturbate more are less likely to be depressed
I wonder how Gary Williams (undrafted) is doing compared to the other lineman drafted in 2009.
call me
Beautiful Background. Thank you for following me ♥
RT : It's official. This beard does have powers. <-- Powers for good or evil?
I thought you were going to be in L.A. today
Oh man it just hailed on us outside right after soundcheck
When you first start exercising you may feel tired, but once your body adjusts to it, you will get MORE energy and be less tired!
I wanna marry a country girl haha 💛
#teamsundays killed it again
Are you trying to ruin my day?
As good as it gets one of my favorite Jack #
good morning!(:
Nope, b/c I'm a Sammy girl. Well, Seasons 1-4 anyway. Now I'm just "please let this ep be decent" girl.
-- how 'bout more "twaining?"
hey Mi Corazon its Jr you should follow me
Gotta go with Hakeem Nicks. And that's coming from a Hines Ward owner
I guess the job search comes next? Or are you lucky enough to take the summer off?
Getting ready to get my haircut!
Yes, I "liked' it.
#WeWontWork if you won't try
Philly311 Testimonial: You guys have excellent service... I 100% love the service. -May 4, 2012
Billy on the street is my favorite, did I spit in your eye oh okay good
Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
If you know how much I love you...
Prepare meals that don't easily get spoiled & can be recycled.
#phonetag your it;) no tag backs(:
Haven't had to personally but IIRC advanced degrees, published papers, endorsements from someone noteworthy in the field all help
They live in California. lol
Just to add insult to injury, the end of #me3 seems to have crashed my Xbox.
LOL! Don't worry, I'll be working on a split English version this weekend. :)
Get A Job Here.
I was early but metro is late.. Waiting..
Killing my dishwasher with draino and diet coke, an exciting life I live
Who's awake.
Whoever is righteous has regard for the life of his beast, but the mercy of the wicked is cruel.
Let's go ! Beat those silly coyotes!
sure :D i love spaghetti!
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: keep the audience in mind first.
I #lovelove Blake introduces Miranda. Sweet for Valentines and
"Jesus fuck" is probably my all-time fave curse combination. Glad to see someone else enjoys it.
King Felix doesn't disappoint. Ever.
Lol Hamise . . However you spell his name
I will be there
ok well. I'll keep an eye out and let you know if I have any contacts in SF to help.
What's Good Buji
girl, i had been working.
I am staying away from that. Not gonna do it, wouldn't be prudent.
Inspire always. RT #JustForToday I Believe in someone else
December 27th - Pop Burger - Sha Stimuli Listening Party ...
where you moving in GA?!
Hearing mrs.nash got laid off <<<<<<<
Nah RT:Griffin is terrible lol
Ok, there yu have it. that was my last tweet! good night ya. #Teamnosleep #Teamfollowback #LastKings. Deucez~~
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Irish Trivia Question of the Day: What year was Ireland first represented at the Winter Olympics?
Thanks for the follow, Jason! Enjoy your day :)
You're quacking me up :P
Gettin down with and then and at !!!
: The article addresses obvious economic issues. It is accessible if you make a free account (no paywall).
and what would that be :-)
trying to finish business plan for this amazing product. AUTOMATIC BOTTLE OPENER! GO GET TWISTED!
Fuck LAX. Seriously the worst airport in the country. Worse than Denver, worse than JFK, worse than Atlanta. WORST.
Hm, well I do get around. :)
Why does send out a news alert when Cliff Robertson dies but not for news that poverty rate at highest level since 1993?
If an icon has a lightning bolt, when I press it I expect lightning bolts to come out of my phone and smite my enemies.
Awesome! RT : Love the guy at starbucks. He always says, "my pleasure " to my requests.
Well say my good byes and I'm off to the house; I'll visit tomorrow to see the baby
Patti Smith featured on Anyone see it?
LMFAO... This is too true
Soo, I got smoked in the face with a ball in P.E today. Fml. #meatballpower :)
woah! That's
he's tweeting the same thing in this picture isn't he?
kesha is a bitch too!! Dumb hoes lol Im mad yo !! She is trying to hard to be liked!! All them hoes are fake !! Shawnee too lol
RT I wish I could see every night in real life and not just on tour life thanks baby I wish too!!
Didn't want OT tryin to sleep and shit..
I was too dehydrated/frazzled to remember to take photos after but things look so great in the new place. I'm thrilled!
on is down. No es bueno.
#indieview The Pickwick Papers is hilarious!
South Carolina!
Woo-hoo ! (Don't tell LA I'm rooting for the hometown team!)
just read an article and watched a video about psychopath kids made me get the chills so bad...
Its tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme that's right on time it tricky. Tricky. Tricky. Tricky
#MyPastRelationships have been hell.
Lalaalaaalaaalaaaaa ... I'm bored -.-
correction, this weekend: making mason + making movies
So why don't you all sit down, listen to this tale I'm about to tell.
Teaching Research Methods in a First-Year Critical Thinking Seminar is my 9am. Interactive approach in 1st 30 secs is a good sign!
The workplace Twitter account picked up the most interesting bots over the weekend: music preferences in bios, & quoting mostly Shakespeare.
When fat girls were shorts when it's not even hot out
Very excited about "Rembrandt in America," looks like it's going to be a great exhibition!
Well, this is boring. Celtic fans are so thirsty! Thanks for that!
thank you! Only here for 50 minutes though :(
Bridge is written!!! In the studio recording reference piano parts before I lay the drums in.
looks at RT: Sorry junior, I already ruined ya....
Great pick cowboys! Claiborne baby!
Also, that's the closest thing I've had to ____cast in about 10 months. So thank you.
Law practice leaves little time to market? Each day get to the office an hour early and dedicate this time to executing your plan.
Listening to talk about cloud computing at
Leave stella alone, you guys blow EVERYTHING out of proportion. Chill out.
#TIIP4P Lance Dublin: ever hear of the job description "learner"? Why do IDs keep calling their audience learners?
kudos for awesome #t101medialife reference to Bradbury's The Veldt, about people living in a mediated house: Happylife Home
My non-twitter friend asked me if I've talked to on here yet. I started laughing. Holy Grail status remains intact!
You can't cut me off! I need my next (illustrated) fix!
Sounds awesome! Our rush has been very successful. Best of luck this semester -Beta Iota AKPsi
Barry Lutz here w/ the Barry Lutz show! Bring The State back!!!!
what have u been up to?
The Silk Tie likes Matt!
I stay #Adidas Out !!!
": Only 4 more days to enter your dorm/apt into our Dirtiest Dorm contest." Too bad I went on a spree
Thank you! The feeling is mutual!
Follow up q: do we get to "dispose of" Joe Buck?
is hot
Next up is SharePoint Collaboration!
screwdriver in hand, laptop in pieces, hard drive sounds like a rattle.... where's that god damned easy button now?
I'm Kinda Disappointed .
Never Say Never.,!
that sounds amazing.
TT getting the job done!
only if I can relate it to American Studies somehow.
Is excited about launching a new Green Key Real Estate office in Santa Cruz!
Hearing her voice brightens my day!
4th times a charm! BEST time yet!!!!
Minneapolis, MN = 76F. San Juan, PR = 79F Seriously... what is up with this weather? I mean, I'm not complaining, but it's kind of worrying.
That's another crap call...
Maybe women of color should focus their spending power on brands that represent them!
I drank chocolate milk but I don't want to fall asleep ._
you see the wobble wobble clip on my page?
Any other Library with a Facebook Page noticing that wall posts are no longer always appearing in your Fans’ regular newsfeed?
What if the prompt is more general for all of the students & they have to find docs to flesh out the beliefs of their individual?
F.I.S.H=Fuck It Shit Happens.
follow back fam!
#AIMSTech12 We (teachers) know what to do. Do we? What are some of the best ideas in education... Let's hear some...
Watching the NBA semi-finals in downtown Elkhart Lake. Feeling like an outsider in this towny bar.
I just cant sleep with this on my mind.. im almost 18.. #CanIWakeUpFromThisDream #OhYeahIt'sLife
I begin to taste Vancouver's sadness
It's confusing RGIII wears
ha I would kill for some huevos rancheros right now....
OMG did you hear that? RT : Beef awareness day or something. They were also selling beef sandwiches. (Re: Cow on Lowry)
Thanks baby :) RT : happy mothers day &amp; ! 😘
I think they did miss the last decade. Weaver had one good postseason with Cardinals, right?
welcome to the Cool Crowd!
i do. they stand a better chance than the old ass celtics. lol but neither really have a chance regardless. cake walk.
boom got another;) follow!
Picks in action: Nationals, Braves, Nets+11.5, Heat-16
Many historians believe soccer originated in China around 1000 B.C.
haha me too, I use reverse look up to try and figure out who I missed. It doesn't always work.
Monetizing Mommy Core? This is a thing?
We're home from our week at Disneyland... for those who knew and for those who didn't. (Husband didn't want me announcing our empty house.)
Anyone sending pitches to me on a Monday...just FYI, they get lost among 1,000s of others. Early bird doesn't get the worm in my inbox.
Emotion Will Start The Motion of Any Movement...If You Support Love, Peace, & Knowledge Follow Us!Lets Change the World. #Global Unification
One thing that will never change: the love for my family.
she's such a tranny! I LOVE it! Lol
Listened to the whole album and I love it! And by the way, you qualify in any mood I'm in:)
Haha. I hope the food police at least got good food rewards for their efforts. . .
Where are they? Couldn't find them in the program.
39% of #pet #parents say they have more photos of their pet than of their #spouse or significant other.
hehe ^^ we were together for about 1 year ^^
#ChildHoodMovies Labyrinth, Willow, Goonies, Never Ending Story, Adventures in Babysitting, Lost Boys
Life to short tell friends and family u love them every second
about to go ride my bike wit my mommy for a lil while!!!
If you use web-based version, go to settings, add account. Not sure about desktop version.
Ta YOU LOOK SO FIERCE
At the movies
Looking forward to autograph session at #LSP Sat with and the rest of !
A relationship is not a test so why cheat
We need to get "Steamroller" shirts before the playoffs start.
double trouble .. I had crush on the twins
damn just forgot abput me;(
Our Re:tail Thrift & Consignment Shop has moved! Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand Re-Opening.
Thank you for officially creeping me out..
Tomorrow FREE clinic with Coach Winterton for all registered players in the IRT Florida Spring Break ProAm.
Good Night !! SCHOOL IN THE A.M
Off to 2 meetings at Panera and then a late lunch! Hope the place isn't too crowded.
I love Stick To Your Guns. Glad I got their stuff on my Pod today.
kind of! But it's super cutesy girly
75 and suicide? if he would have waited a week or so it probably would have taken care of itself
me too!
dick. in. yo. face
pleasure to meet you Pat!
RT : Congrats, Q2 winner , DM us with your address so we can send your prize!
Oh man. All the awesome science I learned. I didn't? Did I forget tying my shoes too?
I get it. Ball and fall rhyme. Glad to see you read your Dr. Seuss books as a child.
this fly is working my nerves !
beautiful. The view over the bay is possibly the best thing about the Cape, out of a gazillion other options.
Life = Adidas + Nike → "Nothing is impossible" so "Just Do It"
thanks, you, too!
Just finished my last high school final!!
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
The high school league is played in Newtown Square. The next session starts in June. What school do you goto?
"Ya wanna make it in the #AdBiz, you better get used to old white men talking."
Wow. Interesting. RT Washburn told Memphis' DL coach that Poe is better than Haynesworth was at this stage of his career.
I am completely thrilled how about yourself.
Cape Air Flights a Hot Ticket
Congratulations to board member, Leslie Walker Hirsch who was chosen to present keynote address at the NM Grdianshp Assoc Summer Symposium!
well, I didn't mean it...
Ey people finished homework so yeah hehe now I'm gunna read iB fan fictions yeah buddy:)
sittin at hanks ready for this show!
Flying solo for #happyhour totally lovin' it! :)
YES “: My prediction was 2-1, Convey and Sapong with the goals. Make it happen, Sporting.”
put all 6 megaman games on iphone app store please ha i would love to play thrm when i go on big trips megaman 3 is the best
he should
Crazy that this exact statement was on my mind just now. So true. RT : Action > Words
The more I watch, more it feels like NYR is just gonna slowly choke out WSH in 5 games.
They got made cause i didnt want to go to Pride LOL
Back to bed. :)
Wow, project much?
My dude I'm faded, faded, faded.
I know I did...Kaiden just seemed like he had such a generic personality...just had no ties to him
They don't talk about it because they know I'm right but they're afraid to agree.
No matter how dirty your past is, your future is still spotless. -- Jin Tropia ☮❤▲ ()
CAP = COMMUNITY ACCEPTANCE PROGRAM -- This New 'Alternative to the Criminal Justice System' is Coming to America in 2013.
Do you have any favorite events coming up in Tucson? Share them with us, and we'll add them to our calendar!
RT Thanks for the help! As a newcomer, I welcome the suggestions!
A1: personally believe trad. org model does not deliver against org. goals but dept goals (contd)
you gotta love working til midnight the day before school starts, and not being able to fall asleep at all.
Looking for the story you did on the Ella Newmiller 5k race at Millbrook HS on Sat March 24. Can you provide me a link? Thanks!
sunday sangria! deeeelish. i need a spanish wife,so i can it make for her. holla when u find her for me.
Saying "Boss" all the time, and bieber hair
God bless all those firefighters that risked it all and might not get Social Security oh how soon we forget!
OH 😳 RT : Guys with tongue rings must like penis.
Shout out to !!! She's the best!
Have to admit. I feel pretty good about nominating 's Where Things Come Back for this year's award.
agreed!!! there's nothing sexier than a female without eyebrows
oh yummy that smoothie sounds fantastic
Late Night Early Mornings!
You're very welcome! Thanks for mentioning us :)
#BELIEBERS are awesome! They are so nice to me too! has some pretty legit fans(:
You have to teach me how to make jam! I want to learn!
Never forget: the map is not the territory. Also, you're probably looking at it upside down.
Special Shout out to the homie from krown records security osito happy birthday ma boy
with people like me for 24hrs. So much info. Im on the right doing readings, Also looks like my heart is about to break into pieces. :'-(
Ah....sun! Is summer finally here?
Cosmology, dark matter, empty space?
Thanks for the Follow Real-time #CRE Data from
that will cost extra
Congrats on making the Greek Week Finals! They are nominated for best props, flats, choreography, actor, supporting actor!
To say the least. :)
how dare you
Good morning #Beliebers!! How will you fucktard douchebags will ruin today??
I have a love-hate relationship with beer. I love it but I don't hate it.
Whateva I do..its done
Congrats to our friends on yesterday's college fair at UIC! One day = thousands of students helped and inspired.
While we are at bottom of the rankings for job loss, walker keeps pointing to CEOs saying things are good. We don't want a CEO driven policy
Sequel to 's book on Patrick Henry: Billy Cundiff, First Among (NE) Patriots.
Camp Gladiator kicked my ass today. Ready for Addison tomorrow...bring it!
Who's ready for the to put the ball in the net tomorrow night? I AM.
ma why can't ur tweets be RT???
Eastwood makes me feel guilty for even considering buying a foreign car.
anyone wanna chat? im slightly bored :D
Is ready to landscape the property! I can't wait for the day when I no longer have to look at the neighbors house!
RT - Today Los Angeles, in one week: New England for #RedSox vs #Yankees and then #Patriots vs #Giants. Almost jealous of ...
youdabes! Love ya!
When you almost start crying in English <<<
Gentleman, there is only one thing a man can do in a time like this, go buy new suits!
U can follow me. then I can follow u. Now you my boo -_____-
I actually just did exactly that 2 weeks ago. :)
Thanks! RT : 's drinks are a-maz-ing! That green tea vodka is so yummy.
Good morning! Hungry? Egg McMuffin Sandwiches are now buy one get one FREE!
Cintolo begins argument with remark that lawyer's statements are not to be construed as evidence.
I need someone to make me laugh
Cozette is feeling very sly this morning. No telling why. :)
Can't believe Jett Jackson is on
Gotta pay attention and practice for when your letter comes. I know mines just a few years late! ;D
Come to Sabbatic and let loose. You braved 10 ft of snow, angry polar bears, and rock hard nipples. Time to kick back with the Sabbatic crew
Who will talk on the phone with me? I have stories and I can only Tweet so many details. Twitter rules.
lol, I feel you. I'm contemplating on whether or not to join before or after the merger.
both! And yes we def need to catch up! :)
Just finished our final #INElect12 meeting. is ready for tomorrow's primary! I'll be with
looking at old photos of my mom when she was in her teens, apparently she had let her hair grow out till it touched the ground!
So jealous. BTW, whatcha reading? Choice quote from the pic: "I think he's hurting her boob."
You know you are in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
OH AND ZOOMBA. THIS IS GONNA BE COOL.
but of course :)
Unclear. Some reports said plans called to lift out all in compound but change due to crash
I got a positive response from a job I recently applied to. One of these days Alice, my career is going to the Moon!
lol hell yea.. I'm over here trying to play mystery man nd shit haha
wisdom teeth .. oh how i fucking hate you.
Nice. It's a good reminder to all. "Live like every day is Earth Day."
he is the biggest douche on the internet.
Life EXPERIENCES ARE A TRIP!
Check out our www.purevolume.com/thedares for more songs you can't find anywhere else
Just finished up at Rochester's breast cancer walk- have a great mother's day!
President Obama's #MarriageEquality Proclamation Trumps North Carolina!!
Home sweet home :)
Yep, is the man. I () worked with him for a while, awesomeness ensued
&ndd I called u back
Music Mondays- I'm just learnin' this stuff myself! How was your Viper Room show? Was tryin to get there but couldn't make it.
Excited to have 7 songs finished for upcoming CD
Joe Biden and the Seven Dwarfs
2 Chainszz is really still trending ?
We love it!!!! RT : Sun dress on. Festival braids done. Tickets printed. Sunblock ON. Bring on !!
I'm in oak creek wisco or as locals call it "oak crick"
me too :( pasta!
there will be a user-focused one. Working on the schedule now :]
Saints on Saturday, Friday morning Skate King Shit...This a banga for 86' cats...like me LOL "The Way I Roll"
of course you were...
#TruthIs I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious, I get sad. But that's only because I care.
Where can a person be better than in the bosom of their family? --Marmontel Gretry
Now that is some
we would have loved to see you! Keep up the great work
Come on boys, let's win this one and go home
Beautiful Italian quote : A tavola non si invecchia. - At the table with good friends and family you do not become old.
thanks :) sweet 16!!! Getting old lol
Glad you're on board! It's such an important issue. Thanks for the support!
Link's not workin. How's it going?! You doing Conor Byrne Sunday?
Mike Napoli must be wearing 's MVP ankle braces.
lol @ the day that LMFAO is oldies.
Let's just say: It's a Family Guy Marathon by myself sort of night and I'm happy with that. "Over"
waiting is awful but what a great mother's gift to your lovely wife if he waits until Sunday!
RT : From electric wavers to foam curlers, deciding which tools are essentials and which are a styling splurge can be a......
I LOVe Martha!!!.
Made up my mind...for my 25th bday Dec 29 & New Years I'm gon be in Jamaica...Touching my toes 6:30 lmao....Gotta go see my Mr. Patois
Who's Jake? And yes Luke did delete. *sighs deeply.*
Back to the real world this week has been crazy!! Glad things will be calm for the next few days
I need ideas for an art project. Cuz we pick what we do. Any ideas???
Who, what, where? Give me the deets at and we'll investigate.
RT : #BonerAlert Chick-Fil-A has banana pudding milkshakes.
Fam, how far is this gas station??? Lol >>RT : #pedestrianobservation just called bingo on a Porsche truck
hahaha, why not? it seems like fun !
there's certain things you shouldn't have tried.
Final count down to New year! (y) have a good one everyone!
No little Ty Breezy YOU shutup and quit throwin that salt bruh.
I think most kids are born as "geniuses" - then poor teachers and parental and peer pressure knock it out of them.
THIS IS TOO PERFECT
I did too :) I hope you get the position :)
Funny: RT : "I used to teach 9th grade, now I'm an astrophysicist. Astrophysics is easier." John Chappell, Smithsonian Astr. Obs.
This is going to take some thought.
thanks for the support LCK is very tough those ingredients were supper weird but its not called mediocre chef right
Very excited to be starting Discover Your Style at Waterford Mott HS today.
Months of preperation and it all comes down to this....kickoff in less than an hour
make it so. You're both so close!
Well it was good Bye to Roshon and Melissa tonight on #DWTS Bring on the Semi Finals.
Audioslave kinda mood!
You should hit up Subway! RT : I'm hungry. Bout to go eat after this class
I mainly love my sleep. Losing an hour of it is not cool.
Largest lead of the season
Sometimes you got to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you’re wrong. It’s not giving up. It’s called growing up.
FFFFUUUUU- my mom just told my piano teacher that I haven't been practicing.
We gotta get a different cable plan if I'm a b over this muthafucka... Gotta pimp bein denied channels n shit
Only 2 TVs not on #superbowl at gym. 1) Doc on Michael Jordan's baseball career. 2) Sex in the City.
Today was great minus one thing... My thoughts and prayers are with my friend and her family...
Oh wait, what am I saying? I don't speak Utahnese.
Dealer eric likes lol
it's just this once
Has now been likened to Hyde (That 70's Show).....huh....somehow it fits...
“…of the divine religions, which are no other than the oneness and solidarity of the human race, are being established.” #239DaysLive [2/2]
Summer school..
p.s. Gotta movie to recommend to U 'cause I know you love movies. Have you seen the foreign film “Children of Heaven.” I loved it.
Just read about schools cutting summer school programs - big problem given the summer drop off - we see alot of schools now doing online SS.
!! I love ! She deserves WAY MORE credit for being a cutting edge comedian, she could make Stanhope blush!
you make me fucking sick to my stomach everytime I think of you I puke ...
a rec, no spandex needed group ride to discover the many paths and trails in the city.
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't like Subway like that.
Almost show time!!
Drawn Dead Poker Pro makes deep run in LA Poker Classic
Lycee Francais students, you've turned my train car into a cross-country Greyhound bus. Sigh.
What is in it for google to protect your data? To them you are nothing, I'm sure the free 5GB plan will offer minimal, and...
RT : Great people construct monuments with the stones their critics throw at them.
Can't wait to try this new abs class tonight at the gym.
How do you feel about balancing the two?
TY all ♥ I will Tweet When it starts getting bad an let u all know!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip
Congratulations to our 300th follower. TY all for the follows! We love our Twitter fans, 10% off, tell them Twitter sent you.
and donate to schools!
Hey Grandma! Excellent stuff - I have no memory either, but I'm 39 (no snark)
And yes, I'm drinking and cataloging my favorite illustrators on a weeknight AGAIN. You Philistines are lucky to know my kind of people.
RT : i can't wait for the on Saturday! Tux is ready and is going to rock (as usual)
live from Indy it's a love story to SNL
Man I'm here to fulfill your every sexual fantasy. Woman You mean you've got both a donkey and a Great Dane?
Check your DM please.
The good old traditional squat should be a part of any strength workout
Hurry I need more followers so I can follow the rest of my followers back! :)(^.^)(:
Damn it
These people jivin to the symphony are kind of cool
lol shit what's good ma
Can i Draw gonna be HONEST NO
Do I have any of your songs to play on my show?
Haha - lets see how many *I* get! That was an epic ride BTW. Incredible rainstorm!
give a follow to & thanks and have a great sunday.
Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of his family.
Soon off to Urbanna, Virginia, and a date with the BBC.
I don't regret shit just learned a lot of lessons 🔨🔨🔨
Everytime i close my eyes
60% of the time, it works...every time
#GalleryNight tonight - who's got plans? If you're going but want to warm up from the cold/rain, stop in our lobby for a beer and a cookie.
up to my eyeballs in work for and loving every second of it! Follow us and keep upto date with all the happenings :D
keep smiling, it won't last much longer. \m/
the same thing occurred to me last week. let's get the ball rolling!
Very sad... Someone looked out for us, so now it's our turn to look out for them.
I miss u sis :(
Asian brotha told old girl "I want to eat it..." lawl
Zac Efron's friends 'trash his backyard'
“: You was set UP !!!” I know right! Auntie ready to bust my head about lol!😜
who wants to get told off cause im totally in the mood right now these fucking scene kids outside my house
We're talking about foreign policy. Should we be in Afghanistan? Let us know what you think. 424-675-6844
Thanks for the follow, right back to you. Have a great Sunday!
If he really cares, he'll make time for you. No excuses, no obstruction!
i just got a hallo account last night.. any chance of a follow on there and here??
good morning chirp. :)
I just RT like three of your tweets. lol
he's not
Life is too short not to lick the bowl
So happy you had fun! RT : Thank you We're having the best time! Your hotel is really cool! Love the Penthouse loft!
Omg @ replied me for the first time in like 2months yay im like super happy now
If u have cellulite at 18 something is wrong.
if you don't do it then who will? Work work work! :-)
Someone must like the devil out there. Back down to 666. Thanks for the unfollow
your momma runs your life AND has her hand in your pocket! #ThatsWhyYouHaveNOFriends AND THE REASON I WONT LOAN YOU NO MORE MONEY!
Are you using in-camera reflective metering, or an incident light meter?
Shein to End Hunger Strike Tuesday
Who is the guy that does the opening video for the #Pirates this year?
Spider is crawling all over screen again. Still wondering why it doesn't crawl under the bottom and go outside instead of terrorizing screen
...I didnt get a brownie when you brought me lunch today, I have a feeling u ate it!
Go Cavs!!! Way to go on another great win!!!
We love Eme, too! We're also super excited about the Science Fest!
Why can't people accept you for who you are instead of judging you by what you look like?
Got my cap and gown this week. Tomorrow is my senior prom. And I have 7 days of school left.
Got a brief glimpse of our mountain through the fog this morning, and it is beautiful. Hope it reveals itself soon!
tell your momma I said happy mothers day (:
everyone should know how to play euchure. I only had to be taught 12 times.
Tomorrow is the dinner for the HCA convention.
what kind of picture.?
4-3 OLB not worth that high of a pick (Curry, Arrington). Miller always looked like a 3-4 backer to me. Shoulda been Fairley.
Life is too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly.
#Giro they will pass the (very ruined) Roman amphitheatre on the left, almost right across from it the beautiful church of S. Claudio.
I can always count on to make my evening.
What is your favorite food??
Where are the Scott Co fans?
RT Whaaaa? Hetty and Danno into bondage? #H50 #fakeH50spoilers<<< *soda sprays all over my computer* You are killing me here.
Re: perfection has a name. Casey Fox?
Thank you for being our 500th follower!
Just followed thanks for the suggestion !!!!
Don't feel like gettin out of bed. I deserve my rest
Sharing works best when it requires no additional work. (much like Facebook's theory.)
In your opinion, what is the best current alternative to Bb and Moodle?
17th. Was 0 for 8. 5 strikeouts, ground into dp. But got the win and struck out 2 in 2 scoreless innings.
Well the 1985 martial arts film Gymkata is certainly the fuck. Not sure why we don't say that instead of "the shit". Seems more positive.
Well, your weekend is planned
I Want 1OOO Followers Before 2O12 Any Shout Outs To Help Me ? [: <3 <3 <33
work tmrw night but I'll be there for the breakfast and draft Thursday, bros.
Much agreed. knows the in's and out's.
If you knew all I think about you I demandarias for mental harassment. *.*
I had a thin black belt I tried for effect. Didn't help. A thick might work better...
Just checked my grades and so far my final grades are as follow: 2 A- and 2 B. Not bad huh?!
GREAT. My girlfriend's on her period and now I've got blood all over my iPad! DAMES!!!
RT Damn POTUS, you blow'd up my twitter feed.
But I'm soo happy he's living his dreams!
Happy Valentine's Day! 64% of US men do not make advance plans for this day. Surprised?
I dont feel like working at my dads shop any more, i feel like walking down to K-Mart and just chilling there
San Diego to Seattle
Teach him you must. RT : You are the king of knowing how to get clicks. Teach me your ways, Yoda.
Yo Gabba Gabba? Awesome! But what do you really think of mimes? They are definitely not A-Mazing!
I can't move RT : pizza overload! :/
early morning pomp
I think I might ride my longboard to school tomorrow. \m/
all is well
we miss you! Xo
for who?(:
Glad you liked the #PeekAnalytics reports. DM us if you'd like a beta invite to play around with.
FACT: At the height of the housing crisis, Romney invested $250K plus in Fannie + Freddie.
Go MS Bay to Bay riders!!
Qcrew Radio is now a official partner with Can't wait to share all the news and events on air with you tonight at 8pm!
so true! i have lost you way too many times haha
12 days until #Christmas?!
but how/when does it get to an actual court to argue that? his appeal is part of CBA and stays in NFL
Whats up with the multiple spellings of Gadhafi I've seen all morning? Which one is it?
I just remembered why I drive to work.
Agreed! Back on Friday. On the train to Chandigarh this morning- absolute trip highlight thus far.
Think back - what was your first outdoor summer concert?
those are so good!!
gracias ! Hahaa and my friend mike and jose
is the definition of Tall. Dark. and Handsome .!(;
is his twin sister b griner?
What's an upside down diamond?
woohoo!! Go girl. I need to. I look like an ass is sitting on my face. Or something.
*Non-partisan hug and cheek peck*
Now that race season is over for 2011, what kind of things do all of you Drivers/ Race Fans have planned for the holidays?
CONGRATULATIONS! RT : Today was a fairy tale. Wow. I'm married to my best friend.
Dex: I'm a really down to earth guy because, you know… gravity! Me: Oh geez...
dont he got his own bed? U know mary puked all over herself too. Lol.
Up and ready for one more day of speaking in WV!
Jesus said, "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." - John 8:12
Agreed RT I don't care what anyone says - It's officially flip-flop weather in Rochester...
No I am not
This is worst than the Terry Allen era, far worse. Fire Gill already...
is thinking about slow-roasted meats in the Brazilian style.
I oftn put too much siracha on my food.
thanks ed!
What are the two key components of deliberate indifference? Why should facilities be concerned about this?
I hate texting
Hey! I never stopped my grind!
proud of you Naim!!
Bitch I fuck hoes roc ice threwin up gangs sign #MOB LIFE!
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom" -- George S. Patton
For some reason I keep thinking its Monday
Any girl with a judgmental, snotty look on her face, automatically is UGLY. Sorry your mama didn't treat you right.
Gorgeous Full Moon over Coronado tonight
in Athens, OH this Friday!! SNAP!!
What would you rather: glasses or contacts?
Bob: Contemporary preservation movement born as anti-modernism. Hard to get traction to preserve modernist architecture.
Boxer won Battle For Minerva tonight, which means they get to play with NFG, All That Remains, underOATH, and way more Saturday, August 6!
when u wake up and the first thing u see is ur mom in ur room goin through ur stuff
I don't answer to Chambers. But... because I love you I will send you those links. Your blog is looking sharp Rach!
Just saw a guy at #mu bent over picking up a man hole cover as if he were lifting weights and slam it down and proceed to pound his chest
great time at GoRealty Happy Hour! Now getting ready for #FriAt5 &
get off my TL
listen I'm ready like right now hahaha our football team is pretty stacked tho 👍
I can't listen to paradise by Coldplay without crying.
hey TrueBieberFans whats up ? im in class right now (: only a week til bieber 's album comes out :D
What a great day today:)
I already am
No. "Para" means "resembling." Paramilitary are not real military, but special forces are very much part of the military.
Window - Tyler, The Creator
We don't currently have a food sponsor for tomorrow night's meeting. If you're interested in sponsoring, let us know!
My sunburn is peeling so badly; my skin feels so weird and sensitive without its first layer.
Heat got it... 1st fave player (Wade) against second fave player (J. Lin)
I was thinking in Arrowhead. I just saw like 10 over the mountain
Alasdair Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Cleavage is the only thing that you can look down on and approve of at the same time.
Just saw a guy in a wheelchair nonchalantly rocketing down a quarter mile long hill...awesome?
HIS VIDEO NEXT 2 YOU IS THE MOST AMAZING VIDEO I HAVE EVER WATCHED<333333
On a scale of 1-10, how excited are you for Thanksgiving? And no, zero isn't an option ;)
somethings you can fault eve for but we both were created for the same purpose Just so happens a womans purpose is much larger
thank u #McCurdian I too love Jenn, I love she because iCarly, she's only awesome:]
I never meet so many fucking annoying people in my first block imature ass fucking girls bro so madd rite know
well, I NEED MONEY.
I'm a young Pisces with Asian features! What do I have to complain about?
Kids Large - Fun Winter Sports
Also a big congrats to who today officially became a US Citizen!
yes indeed it's c u in a few!!! POOF!!!!
So happy it's Friday-even though - will be working through the weekend making gifts:)
Need metrics for chairs to better evaluate quality of DL courses. Yes.
Its that time.... I have to go to bed :(
TBRED 4 LIFE keep your head up man you guys had a great run!
Great work by Messi leads to a goal by Cambiaso.. 1-0 Argentina
OK thats enough #PracticalSecurityTactics ... I'm getting out of control!
Bosh is hurt... That's one down two to go...
The best thing about in-ear monitors is they allow me to block out the crappy dance music in between sets.
Just woke up I'm watching vh1 videos
Looking for unique holiday gifts and want to have fun doing so??? Go to the Holiday Open House hosted by Another Time Around tonight....
My failure at time management amazes me sometimes...
Church gig done, grocery shopping done- and now for a run before a ton of practice, cooking, cleaning and laundry- just a normal sunday :-)
EITHER WAY I DON'T GIVE A DAMN WHAT YOU THINK I'M ENTITLED TO
Music: the songs that you like sometimes tells how you feel but not all of the time
Don't worry, this line is moving fast.
so... where is your post?
GETTIN ALL THE WAY CRUNKED UP AT SUNSET STATION TONIGHT PARTY PEOPLE. LADIDADI WE LIKE TO PARTY!!! LET'S GO!!!
Get #314!!!FIRST LADY OF FEAR on the cover!!! Great articles inside!!! :)
Would anyone actually buy a tuxedo on eBay??
#bbtweetup10 question: Possibly a #BbWorld twit list in future years?
Organized labor needs to be mainstream supporting the 99% at Occupy sites. This IS Their battle and it is being fought by non union folks.
Nunc est bibendum (Now is the time for drinking) - Horace, Odes
Have a great night guys! Stay safe & dry out there...don't forget to come by tomorrow & BOGO 1/2 off all edibles!!
But I will say the Lions are abt one good draft class away from begin a scary team in the NFC.
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Indeed! Great to meet you, Ben. Thanks for coming out. Excited to see Fat Bottom take shape!!! #moregreatbeerinnashville!
iit's just everyday!!!
You should listen to our show!
ready to collab with you on a track or three. Whats good?
Why can't I just talk to new people instead of sitting there like I'm mute or a freak. So damn shy.Lol someone always has 2 talk 2 me first!
muKit: An AS3 Framework I Have Been Working On | mu/ LOG
Thanks for the RT!
Thank you!
I suppose adulterers are all aboard Newt now that the Cain train has run around.
People do bitch things because they are bitches......period but why get mad I see what my future is and yours is a class room? Lmfao
Wish I could just go to BG for the week
HELL YA FUCK SOME RIBS!! ;) LOL <3 u rock it. sucks i sold my tickets 2 WT cuz bvb was the only band i wantd 2c i'll get more soon
Want to get rewarded for your gambling? See how we can get you rooms and show tickets comped!
“: Just heard the saddest story ever about three sorority girls from Bowling Green getting in a car accident
It was very Buckwheat-esque. Lamb is trying for the same thing, or not trying, he looks so lazy.
For those already in Chicago for #ARL12chi there will be an update on the LibValue project today 5:00-6:30 in the Northwestern/Ohio State rm
👈 I deserve it
holy crap that's bad ... really bad .. yet so funny
I'm with you on that. This year is shaping up to be pretty righteous.
lmao I know who you're talking about RT Man I saw some fake Flu games today @ school
On our Kindles this week: On Chesil Beach, Treasure Me, The Hunger Games. What are you reading?
Christmas shopping...I've bought nothing :) let's go.
how was your new years? Any resolutions ?
“: I like the young man in the orange to be victorious ” Confirmed
i'm working on those new beats we did over the weekend,,i'll probably just get a two track mix done.
It's almost appalling that is so hilarious. Sometimes, it actually is appalling...haha
excellent I look forward to receiving the details
got a table, see you soon
It's Foursquare Day! Enjoy our check-in special and have fun with us tonight!
May 7 Get ready about to shoot new video 4 SHOW OUT FT. SHAWTY LO - D4L/G-UNIT will b n da building!!
#Freshmen yar taught me not to procrastinate, Teachers are assholes the week before the last week of school, and 5+3 does not equal 7
Wtf ??? I'm at a Country and Western Bar!
we pushin it now thanx for ur support please share it
remember being young and dumb...not knowing how 2 act when titties were thrown in ya face..
Jesse Rodin F'12: Josquin Research Project will develop new tools for making Renaissance music searchable.
Robert Griffin prepared for the draft ... and beyond
Happy Friday! As we are winding down our first week of 2012, how would you rate it? Thumbs up or down on accomplishments this week?
this is going to be fun!
awww poor u :( hope u well soon x
Amazes me every day! RT : Seriously. How is it that people have an unlimited supply of stupidity.
#Free Free Free Free Free Free Free
Even after 18 years and thousands of projects, we still begin every creative project, web or graphic design, with pencil and blank paper!
lol thank ya! :)
Sorry Fresca (new chicken place on Lamar & 11th), I just can't allow myself to pay $24 for your tiny organic sheeken.
are you interested in the book series??
I woke up at 1:30 though and officially got up at 3
fixing things are cool to panit and make
Gots to pay the bills. But found out today I am losing the best of these three jobs in the fall so I guess I won't!
Got myself a nickname at BD and I don't even go there!!! 🐎
You are my new hero! Such a great episode of the podcast!
who wants to kick it with me and clay tonight?!
Oh my god, I seriously forgot he played the terrorist. Is he even capable of playing a nice guy?
you are so welcome!
That nap at 7:30 seemed like a good idea at the time...
My only friends are pirates.
Walk back to the cell phone store, return android and get a windows phone. Best workout ever!
I really gotta pe but my teacher won't let me.
My chem is next. So stoked!
best way to see it!
Brutal day OFF work. How ironic. Comcast ruined my day
ive never called him before.. and Im going to too cheer him up when hes done eating.
That's all I drink! Love the Raspberry Lemonade!
3.3% of U.S. job seekers have started their own business in 2011.
These may not count, but over 12 years, they have occurred repeatedly at our NYC bookshop.
Technically same department, but different groups under that department! ;)
sorry for chicago but hahaha sucks to be you
