Good Morning and you are right. Have a great day.
I dunno...9 months pregnant + donuts could be dangerous! LOL
I'm afraid I'll be arriving in disguise. Wonder Woman needs to join Weight Watchers. My outfit seems to have shrunk!
new Celtic away kit is bad ass. All black with hoops
Are john falk's audience segments valid? Even he says the jury is still out. Key is to look at motivations and id-rel. needs.
So excited !! ;-) is the sweetest most Beautiful friend! Love her =) it will be the best season ever..
Drawing a line in the sand and saying this is what you stand for and not wavering makes your stories resonate. It makes your stories matter.
Super long TV show intros <<<<
Bears better be praying in the 2nd half
Shopping, Jamba Juice, Some Old School MTV, Panda Express sounds great right now #really great
Who are some of your favorite bands / musicians?
Coming to graduation? Make sure you're at the graduate reception one night earlier! It's being held on Fri, June 8. More to come!
mine won't either bro
Took a break from my tweets, but I'm back! What did I miss?
You are very welcome! Thanks for the follow as well. Looking forward to your attorney tweets!
Done packing! meeting friend for goodbye lunch tomorrow..
Oh yeah! You got this girl!! lol Let me know how it goes :))
Have fun!
We must play the game of life fearlessly,letting go in each moment of the constraints of our past.
I just got a glowing testimonial from my director for the "mystery gig" that I'll be revealing around July. MAN, I'm excited!
Giant on tiny Conan set! He's giant!
AG Van Hollen: "Even though there are some bumps in the road right now, we are going to have a photo ID requirement."
#BandsILove Woe, Is Me
Babysitting tonight was HORRIBLE! 😖
flight had to return to airport, a door on the underside popped open... Now flight canceled... Don't know if I'll get to nyc
Google bound
Perenniel capitalist problem: greed at top impoverishes wrkrs, who then can't afford to buy anything, which tanks econ.
SHOUT OUT TO OUR ONLINE PROMOTIONS MANAGER Jay Nyce !!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
both correct
Thanks! RT #FF New Follower Props:
Went to work today to take care of email, return everything I borrowed for #thatcamptx, & do a few other chores. Taking off rest of week!
unless its me or Simone than don't do it
I like non-fiction film the best.Short & sweet. Just like books. Why reinvent the wheel?
waddup boi, ren just sent me the record ya'll got to my track
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them. ~George Bernard Shaw
lesson is, iPhone > iTouch. So wait! =]
My cat is so needy 😒
Hyper'in'.
oh my! pic to prove it!
I'm about to break my phone
I've been sifting through it to prep for a convo about grading tmrw. Great stuff!
We're airing a story right now about pox parties... I had never heard of them before.
Lads and Lassies, Runway is Getting Short and the World’s Getting Awfully Big in the Window..Just over 3 days left to Vote! Market your Lad!
Preparing for action in Harbor East. Calling on Paterakis to gather the corporate community to fund school construction
Join us tonight 6:30-11 pm at Southpointe Golf Club for the Community Leaders for a Cure. Great food, auction items, cigars on the veranda
Well it is just me and some buddies so far, but the premise is that the guy is over criticized/undervalued! I'll count you in!
Carmen: (about Juni) The booger was right! I hate that.
No problem as long as you find me a hook up while I'm here!
The Avengers is a very good movie!!! So is Battleship both are great
the person who maintains this account will be moving to , this will be updated by others, some of u will want 2 follow both
Don't know specifics, but if tenants didn't want him at their party, he has to leave.
"You're the lamest piece of shit ever." -
Today's K atty tip: Sharing a project between 2 agencies can be tricky. Make sure the specifics as to rate & expectations are clearly stated
ugh #tired !!
Can't do everything at once.
oohh! Depends on what you're looking for but I <3 Azil in Hayes Valley. Lots of really cute (locally made) jewelry & accessories
oh when the beans, oh when the beans, oh when the beans come out the tin
Oh, good! Sounds like a neat project. You'll have to let me know how it goes!
New patio furniture???
Apparently there was a 4.1 earthquake up by Glendale today. I didn't feel a thing.
happy FOR NO REASON
I wanna see it so bad, and you! Champagne sunday soon? Also aren't you comin' to beefs?
That man does have some sexy hair...
Which team will benefit from that National Anthem tragedy?
yeah whatever nigga, just let me know lol
dude u have a sweet job! I'm a bartender, but music is my life! I play drums, piano, and saxophone. Happy Friday!!!
we did drink all day and got smashed lol
It should be illegal to wear a face mask if your face isn't broken. Go #Cavs!
and get friends
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20% off your purchase! Use Code: CORKY #41points #nosweep 3
It's a packed house for the #CES keynote by CEO Paul Jacobs. Avg mobile user looks at their phone 150x per day.
Can't wait to have a drink with tonight!!!!
what's in store for sun-cap, rising-Pisces, moon-libra?? So many emotions and changes right now!
I guess one hour to go :\
YAY for alternatives. Thanks.
Haha, love the transition from toys to microphilanthropy
We're excited to announce another great speaker VP at Sage Restaurant Group, Chef Michael Carr-Turnbough talking about f&b costing
I consciously cooperate with the creative power within.
green #winter classic
I hate it when people say that they're dancers but they have never even taken a dance class in their lives.
“: Hey what time y'all trynna leave...im good whenever” hey we good anytime aft 10:30
Welcome to my boy restaurant extraodinaire to Twitter! Get the party started for him and give him a follow ya'll!
We are moving merch around! Come see new products and the a changed around store!
Eating dinner at the same diner as a big band from my childhood.
Best of luck to you--you'll be sorely missed!
Bitch I'm opening pockets not legs I give conversation but u giving head
this girls right with you.
I'm sure that's what it is!
prefer rdio over spotify purely for web interface
That's pretty analog. I was thinking about how you work as I wrote that tweet.
#GWU, any plans for the #Superbowl? Come to Metro Diner for $.50 chicken wings and watch the game with us!
If there were leftover Chinese food restaurants, they'd be my new favorite breakfast places.
I'm slowing working through that memoir book. It's stunning how much reading it brings to my surface.
Today just started, and I haven't slept yet, and things are already bad… I have a feeling they're only going to get worse as the day goes on
I'm wearing a dicktowel to the Run Ham Off.
raging and working as usual haha we need to be reunited soon
Slamming at Raymond's Tacos keeping it real gully with gay👦
Nothing because she also ate...THEM :O
haha thanks jamie!!
RT Small blood clot found around Oden's left ankle during pre-op exam. Doctors have treated it, and there are no worries/concerns
Nah. Anything before opening day doesn't count, IMHO. They also lost to their farm team a few days ago. (Pulled starters in 5th)
yes.. Because you really want to our you wouldn't bring it up.
well duh
Cinco de Mayo at a Mexican restaurant. Fun wait... :-P
oh yes most certainly, not missing that again! I was sad we didn't go last year. I have more $ now I can afford it. Goin early for BP
I want that part back. The id do everything for you part. Not the I will reject you everyday part. I just don't know. :/
thank you for the tweet!
Such vitriol. Is this because I'm representing your wife during the divorce? Checking your house for asbestos as we speak.
Thank bro, glad you like the pics :)
Love you!!
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Just realized the Eagles' title "One of These Nights" plays on the common expression "one of these days."
watching it at a bar, the next best thing. #Oscars on mute #nba all star getting top billing.
Thanks bro for the follow back!
Tomorrow: PHAME kicks off our 2012 #phamesparkle gala in high style - we have a kicking event committee, amazing co-chairs + inspiration!
good morning austin(;
ICTs & related e-applications are key instruments providing basic services & achieving the MDGs
Just wish i have some time to skate and learn some trick
Glad to see another kindred spirit... and DC ain't so bad! :-)
Bubbles, Bonarda, Blends, Barbera, Beer..We have a Big Glass or bottle to please everybody...Plus Happy Hour from 5-7pm...Salud!
If you're a DBA and you need help from developers to get connection pooling properly configured you should probably consider a job change.
Looking for a healthy dinner spot? Tender Greens has you covered, its fresh and simple - plus they’re close to our office. Check them...
oh u can't be....come now...come now...COME NOW.
M nmmnmm do love me some fresh herb
You back....and now this
“: they only call games when there are 6 NBA players on 1 team #BBN” LOL!!
Happy Groundhog Day, everyone!
gives terrible advice for places to eat Japanese food
“ A Girlfriend's Job Is To Keep Her Man On The Right Track, Hold Him Down, & Have His Back Through Thick & Thin.. (vice versa)
Good Night. Thank God. Better Tomorrow, America.
do midgets qualify????
I just spent last 2 hours @ Oliver Rec. Talking w/ a Dad who grew up here himself. - Anybody who's spent time at these, knows we CANT cl ...
Wilcoxson : when use of other people's work goes beyond #fairuse & crosses the line to creation of a derivative work is legally tricky
I AGREE
u make it sound like they make good products ;-) im just happy the site doesn't crash.
This just in - Tpaw now regrets supporting Romney too soon. can someone prescribe him cialis
I love you, too, Princess!!! <3
haha i bet
true. But who has the best eyes, Harry or Zayn? Ugh, I can't decide. I think Harry does. :)
Do you have a craft skill you'd like to share with others? We are working on our upcoming workshops and would love to talk to you!
...so does that mean the original Star Wars trilogy is irrelevant? Millions of fans would disagree.
Roger that! The axe was given!!!
A3: If you are using people they should be facing your action.
Spring? Amen! and fill those potholes!
Ha, just a plain band. Interesting.
Did I mention that you rock?!? Thanks!!!!
Today after school >>> (:
Honestly don't feel like babysitting but its money.
Get real with Todd Carmichael Who: Co-owner of fancy-pants coffee roaster La Colombe, trekked across Antarctica for award-winning film (n
sorry..I'm being rude..I apologize..I'm just in a bad mood..
Wow, MCA is dead. Sure to shake up a lot of us Gen Xers.
Can't wait for to get to
Big name pizza places have lots of commercials, we've got lots of yummy restaurants
Tried to cook artichoke hearts and burnt myself instead
time to crack open the long underwear and snow sleds! Come up one day and we'll show u how it's done, wisco style ; )
Burglaries of residential properties accounted for 70.3 percent of all burglary offenses.
Gettin' tiring hearing slammers begin every other sentence with "I". You too?
If you are a scholar or student, this is a great place to call home
On My Way To Finish The Last Scene Of This Video Me N My Boy's workin On...."You Aint Sayin Nothin"
C. Kent Wright~ To sway an audience you must watch them as you speak.
Our love is weak, but sincere. And God enjoys us in our immaturity - not just after we're grown.
RT : I Felt Like Puttin' It Out There Since Want Put Those Girls Out There . ...Its All good.
RT : Downloading the #SMASH soundtrack post math test because you have an iPhone & you can :) can't wait to have my belting...
I love her, I hope so!
I enjoyed you in mattg's videos you should do more with him :)
Great way to end the day! 5 mile sprint on the bike! ...maybe i've been watching the Tour de France too much
son cannot open the video on my phone.
icloud = google apps ios5 = android 1.0 mac osx = mac osx lion = snow leopard that could have been the #wwdc keynote
Happy mothers day to all my followers' mommas
that was the joke .. lol
The difference between a dream and a wish is what you do today
It's Make an offer Monday at www.notnilladesigns.artfire...! Make me a resonable offer by contacting me on artfire and it's yours!
Nothing much chilling. What's good with u
cont... year old comes through.
well when I get my setup you are more than welcome to eat shit on them
Dr. Henchcliffe: glutathione being studied with brain scan in small group of people with pd and controls #pairup4pd nyc
Lou Gossett is officially a #Oscar Gold member
what the hell is all this oatmeal about
I wanted to sleep in, but I suppose with my hours that's what 6am is.
Beginning this wknd, 1/20/12 & every wknd moving forward we will offer tours in North Park! Come check us out in a funky, hip part of town!
actually... Wait nvm. I don't have money lol
I'm going to Atlanta :)
hahahaha I probably don't... But whatever I'm not starting over
when its due
Update from Life Tracker composer Ryan Whitney "Beginning to hit my stride with the process." Woohoo!
“: "scars remind us of where we've been. not where we're going."” love this! Aka love her haha
Yeah, he sure is. Media racket to push ratings! LOL! Women can't be as stupid as men.
Good morning from Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives to our many friends @ the #MLA12 convention!
Happy mothers day!!! Wish I wasn't talking about some girls in our school.
Happy Opening Day!!
Heading to the #Hardrock with to celebrate 21st Birthday!!!!
I feel hyper.
First day at HondaJet...
Pacers is pretty good.
Getting ready for school.
Omg awk day .
That's a fight I didn't think would happen a few years ago. Judah vs Marquez is interesting.
I missed it what did world peace do?
i <3 your tweets!!
"These are rock star educators!" President Franklin of Black Male Summit panelists
What's with all the earthquakes yesterday?! Peru, Wisconsin, Virginia...
Will be watching the #SuperBowl for the first time in 6 years. Lets go Steelers!!!
Just checked out the rooms @ The Palms blocked off for Superdraft this year. Sweet!
Sometimes I think too much then put myself in a bad mood.
follow back?(:
Is it legal to travel down a road in reverse,
Very nice! I love it when I get to meet a tweep in person!
Watchin Total Blackout with
You see, everything breaks before it bleeds.
That relationship where your both Lovers and Friends >>>>
your just too good to be true cant take my eyes off of you.
Flyline Search Marketing is a Google Adwords Certified Partner. www.FlylineSearchMarketing.com Call if you need assistance 866-258-5511
Looking for plans in #Milwaukee tomorrow night? Check out at !
Put that thing away! I can see u :-) : Listen for a pulse light as a light.”
Thank you for sharing that amazingly written story! You are beautiful.
Love O'Connor's writing style. Hate the amount of racism in her stories.
Right now: Avi Nelson, & weighing in on the racist tweets post-Bruins loss. Are they significant? Is Boston racist?
OH: "Do you have a penny so I can make the world safe for democracy?" Sadly, I didn't.
She gargled!
I'm good!!!! How about yourself?
egg whites, swiss and spinach - perfect breakfast for a cool miami morning
today was such a shitty day
my dear,it is sold at the store (& they haven't provided the recipe). A mini-restr inside the grocery store,kama zile za nkmt.
ah, that would be Scotland the brave. I could play that one badly as well.
hell yeah that is ruthless.tell them give me a discount lol it business. next call to AT&T lol if you know what i mean
just heard it you could of sent me that sample , is "she's a 10 productions" hot to you?
Lol, okay but you have to tell him u dont care tomorrow or i can give you his email to email him
the girls just finish eating now they are taking a bath
Follow me on Instagram @ SassnStyle for LOTS of style inspiration. Tons of outfits!
Lunch & now pie from HoneyPie.
I just read Super Fun Night, hilarious!!!! Dude you need a hairy gal to play Marika I'd be honored to audition :)
Grateful for all of your good deeds.
In 2010-31.6 percent of households headed by single women were poor -6.2 percent of married-couple households lived in poverty
hey "Lake" did you know that you're production company bounced pay checks on all the background actors for "in a world"??
When food says "sugar free" or "no sugar added" it shouldn't have substitutes either! Annoyed by fake sugar. Can I just have juice?
I love you too !
woman .NO.19 chemicalclass examination paper .Chemistry teacher ...
nah I was talkin about smokin doobies in your profile. Crack is wack, Chill out lil guy.
mayweather SUCKS ;D
Pitiful how much of a loser LeBron truly is. When it gets tough, he disappears.
That's the fringe spirit! RT : I have an #indyfringe system. I go into a theater without even knowing the name of the play.
Since I'm in Atlanta I think I'll go to
Preds score on a TD pass from Leak to Toliver-his 3rd this half. The score gives Orlando a 37-27 lead.
just had to google #tcot Ironically as bad of an acronym as PPACA. Also proves that I'm bad at the Internet and politics for not knowing
Enjoy your evening Darlings :)
The gauge looks great! I can't wait for the post!
Franchise shantytowns springing up all over America!
What r ya going to do? We r stuck w/ him : $$ on table time: Boozer sat last 16:07 tonight & last 14:24 of game 5 vs
Sending you a DM - let's connect!
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my 'x' without asking 'y'?
Great to hear from you! Send us an email at @ and we can chat!
O now mr. "stomach virus" wants to play mhmm......
Pick up a copy of the Aurora Your Hub in the Denver Post's Thanksgiving edition -- help put a smile on a sick child's face this Holiday!
I hate that song
ha what movie did you see cuuz i went to the movies too(: ??
Thank you so much for spreading the word about the Fazzino RIDE!
i think yu should trash eve nd i think it would be great to c zack ryder vs dolph ziggler for the internet championship w.m. 29
So sad to hear about Levon Helm. The Band has been silenced. Their voices got me through a lot of tough times.
thanks anyway!
Illinois state Lions Club Convention tomorrow through Saturday in Decatur! Lions are great advocates for preserving and restoring
sweet Pens game, loved seeing Sullivan notch his 700th point. Time to try and get some shut-eye to this Kings/Sharks game.
Great 1st quarter
You disappointed me 😪
axe to the grindstone . . . . monday. sigh . already?
Definitely go see it!!
watching shave
away from me when I turned around lmao like I can't even deal with my life right now
Whew! I feel better . . . I was begining to worry that Central Park was dangerous at night.
Great first rehearsal with the cast. We've already taken some great steps and these actors are becoming these characters. Exciting!!
spotted the cure, joy division & wham T's! so cute! will have to make a request for a DM one:) thanks!
Yes, certainly am doing that. Will have outward-facing site by April 11th or so. Thx
RT “: I'm come out when da sun go down”<<THISS...lol it is hot as hell
First thing is see when I go on twitter is Naked Harry..
yeah that was it...lol..the (bro thing),,,had me thrown off for a minute..
good morning =) Im a little bummed I didnt get to see my crush yesterday. I have been so busy with helping my sis move. Nitra and Kia came
Impressed to see the two undead mages in our guild - and - moving up the leaderboard.
Super excited! Received my ARC of "What the Night Knows" by Dean Koontz. Couldn't wait to get started on it, so I did!
sure thing, we wish you all the best!
my macbookpro is not feeling well and is currently in the hospital getitng surgery. have some fab post for you as soon as she gets well!!!
My day goin pretty good how bout yours???
I like it a lot. Next week will be the true test. I'll be there full time. I've only been down there a few afternoons so far.
"I prayed about it, but I don't know to which god."
and a retweet - deep breaths :)
Prediction: fundamental change in education will happen due to a force from outside of education.
Had a great lunch w/our insurance reps & talked about some possible new programs.
"When I text you, that means I miss you. When I don't text you, that just means I'm waiting for you to miss me."
<------Yes. We are the largest provider of GPS vehicle tracking in the BHPH, USED CAR DEALER, & NEW CAR DEALER industry.
my mom most likely
On the editing grind!!! All that time lapse talk these last weeks? yep - now it's got to be cut. And quick! #allnighters ahead of me.
just tweeted a good link to it
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 43
Yup. should have been the 22.
RT - Baseball will always be a legitimate distraction in my book.
You look so familiar. Are you a member of The Actor's Network by chance? Or maybe we took a class together...
I kind of wish that the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson theme song was actually a real song.
I need tickets!
debating if i should run in my sisters room and hop on her bed ??? hm
RT - Let's be honest, the Jacksonville Jaguars are clearly the best team in the NFL.
Today's not my birthday! Ya ya ya ya ya ya!
Yeah you are. RT : Aint been out w/ my LB since he turned 21....um slack'n smh
I have a serious addiction to painting my nails.
that's good. Ready for Christmas?
Wishing everyone the very best!
Im so confused!! SOMEONE HELP ME!! #SOS :,c
awww i was guna ask if you guys wanted to come to brookfield with me and jordan !
DOUBLE DARE YA - Not to talk about dieting or use any negative self talk today (or ever)! HAPPY INTERNATIONAL NO DIET DAY!
I need a new phone
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
I'm using Google Chrome. What types of issues are you having?
I can't look at Skylar McBee without laughing.
i would! Watch him call at like 3 am lol. Id still answer ahaha . I want david or someone to call u too!!:) or dave or troy :p
Can you shoot me a DM about the festival request?
bro don't worry she'll be fine u see her on Wednesday in Spain
Wow my hair is disgusting.
I didn't, I got into it with Barksdale the day after that one...
Last 2 weeks of being 13
drake is da most lyrical rapper out
so since i dont have a phone i'll just tweet at you. Where are you bra?
I can already tell this is going to be fun Chris.
Getting so sick of constant nosebleeds. Especially when all I want to do is go to sleep! Womp, womp.
Need to upgrade my PC. New processor mobo, vid card and sound card. Suggestions welcome. Have an XPS 720 that was great in 2010, but now ...
Neat, I would be! I'll let you know when I get things squared away with registration/travel.
Well... I survived my first final. If I'm lucky, I'll get a B for the class. That's saying something for a Biology class!
Almost to 400 followers!
Starting 2008, crash, then bailouts, then stimulus, then austerity, and back to bailouts. Now the West can't find money, so chaos looms.
Ray Allen only makes one FT. 2 point game at the Garden with 9 seconds left
Congrats!!!! I am so happy you won The Voice!!! U deserve it ... And You Rock!!! Awesome Coaching!!
NEW DANK SUPER STRONG CONCENTRATES IN: Orange Kush Kief & Trainwreck Full Melt Hash, both ONLY $25/Gram! FREE Pre-Rolls ALL DAY! Woot Woot!
Take action with the knowledge you already have and you will experience excitement!
I will not bite my tongue to spare ur feelings
Yes! That's awesome. DM me your addy? I will email w/ details
Ben and Jerry's Chubby Hubby. A perfect mix of sweet and salty.(I should write ice cream descriptions shouldn't I?)
is there a better semi out there?! I think not!!
Tough choice for FFA at 1.07 we go with Cam Newton and build the team from the QB position (16 team league more val on QBs)
God please be with me !!!
Okay, now i did lol
Give us your #feedback! How do you like MobiDeals? We want to hear from you!
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me34
Thanks for the RT
Dang. *owned*
Thanks for the follow!
As they would say in Boston, spare me this talk about family. (Yes, still hurt.)
are you a horse? ..no..? can i ride you anyway? 
yeah they're warm and the chocolate chips are alwys nice and melted...m.
St Patrick's Day so much to do so little time!
yeah! That'd be awesome! Spring break!
Instead of trying to prevent gays from marrying maybe we should worry about the nationl debt and people who are out of work.
Done with my 5 hour dance schedule thank God.
Hahahahahaha! You're so two faced!
can you live without jailbreak in PK?
My husband just told me that #20 for #Baylor is his cousin ...small world.
do they have to wear a hairnet?
Avatarded: effects of Avatar after the comedown. Ranges from haziness after a day of use or the gaping minds of those who abuse it regularly
and no you havent?
Finally they put creepshow on Netflix
Take me seriously because I mean this.
#hautespot So much fun! can't wait to see victoria! hope me and my friends get picked for modeling!
RT Study finds eating fast food will not only make you likely to put on weight but may give you the blues as well...
What we do in <140: Help kids: graduate (our rate - 98%; our district - 66%); make good decisions; stay mentally and physically healthy!
#Fruit !!! Om nom nom, also the subject of my new background :)
"You jump, I jump, remember?" -Titanic
when u gonna lace em up for the nugs again
Its Real Out There
Yep imma mary him , if he ever asks me to marry him in the future ; i most definitely would say YES (:
On the bright side, maybe the Rapture will give Democrats control of the South.
I would rather be ashes than dust! I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot
FREE AT LAST FREE AT LAST THANK GOD ALMIGHTY I'M FREE AT LAST.... WHOOHOO!!!!! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Entertaining for the holidays? Book dinner with us at Grazie: 305.673.1312.
LOVE this move... RT The Falcons are on the verge of acquiring Eagles Pro-Bowl cornerback Asante Samuel for a late-round pick.
Yoga master, touch your toes?
at the 13-mile mark of reviewing papers. breaking for gatorade.
Super Bowl was irresponsible, unbridled machismo and consumerism, and I loved every minute of it.
I never understood that line. It's so ambiguous yet they keep pushing it...??
#NBA Refs rewarding flops is going in the wrong direction. There isn't one #NBA ref that has it together...shame for the league
Sexting my girlfriend in statistics class
Listening to makes me want to write more and become a better artist. One of the best right now. #F&F
Misread an email subject line. It was, "Amazing Bathroom Redos." I looked at it and thought, "Amazing bathroom rodeos?!!!"
#NowPlaying: Fight to Win ~ Goodie Mob & Cee Lo Green
Just spent 18 hours on a new design for my acting website to realize it doesn't work on any level, back to the drawing board we go...
Narb tailgate! What a beautiful day! Our crew of 400+ will be happy!
Even though Ashley Morgan doesn't haVe a twitter she's still cool! :)
about time we followed your lead
Ladies Love Me is doooppppeeeee! Follow me
Tough day!!
Dyeing my hair blue with (:
If I had to make eyeball estimate, I'd say there are about 17,000 in attendance @ tonight's Pacers game. & lots of tix were sold very cheap.
Made it through day one. Going home to chill. COME SEE ME :)
Thanks for clarifying, Mickey!
I hate the word "boi" 😒
School dance tomorrow :)
We live in the same city! We can make it happen for real, even.
Both Bridget Naso and I are sick on the set of KUSI, trying to anchor a 4-hour newscast together. Fun!
Thanks Brotha! " Shout out to I see them killing shit! #respect"
Had an awesome day with the Family and Friends!! :) Mexico WON! and my Bff's 21 st surprise Birthday :) drinking yelling dancing!! Lol FUN
I've passed Management. Guess that means I can manage people. One final left, Information Tech...
Let's go and may be dancing last but you're still first!!
Jeopardy! contestants should yell "Jeopardy!" after incorrect answers.
For 4/8/12 will be one of the greatest days of his life .
succumbing to the dark side of the force...
rain story of my life lol
"URGH" says this GDI. RT : well duh, don't you think the Greeks need more space on campus?
Would I ever ask something daring and innappropriate!? ::blinks innocently::
Rich Eisen isn't very good at his job.
The cat. Although you'd think given the sort of friends I hang out with that it might be the president.
you're nice 😏
got home last night when Tala was already asleep, then finished getting ready this morning when Tala had already left
is a hottie
Um, naked M&Ms are chocolate chips. Don't be fooled.
Q6 I'm really impressed how they write on so many different surfaces
I done ate up all my humble pie
nigga hush I'm following to punk ass
#iwishicould think of something to wish about
Insanity for my cardio day is in the books, now time for a cpl of mtngs, then psych homework to be done. Gotta love being productive :).
we look forward to this year's photos and post. Hopefully we see you before Labor Day though!
lmao! No I'm not gonna do tht to u tonight!
This eagles team looks scary good.
Just saw in the audience of podcast. Amazing msg!
was it good? I'm going when miranda lambert and kellie pickler are there. (:
need to think about creating Leplets (the Leps we should have had at a scale which will work)
Last episode of the Bad Girls Club is tonight. :(
All salesmen are full of shit.
She stretched In the hammock, Sipped Her drink, And said, I'd be A lawyer If I could run Faster. (Copyright 2011 Lew Hagood)
BEFORE and AFTER: Denice is using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs. in 6 weeks. This product is changing...
So I was thinking that we should giveaway a game or two tonight. Should we? Maybe Angry Birds Space?
Your kisses is sweeter then honey. But guess what! So is my money!
good graphics but bad storyline. Cool movie to see in 3D tho.
Is there a way to watch a tv show and listen to music at the same time while still paying attention to both? Someone invent that please.
I think I'll go just to take finals and be done with Consortium.
So not a morning person but today I feel happy 1. It's FRIDAY baby 2. Just listened to 3.It's FRIDAY!!!!!!
what do you mean can two men fuck each other in the ass STUPID
I use goodreads group feature to chat about books. Comment on books students have read and recommend titles
How to appeal your #taxcase with the
Thursday works for me!
#nov1st is gunna be a great day! Happy early xmas (;
Lord, the light of your faith and courage lights our path through darkened days, eyes fixed on the blinding brilliance of your resurrection.
thanks for RT!
Yeah, I was sorta vicious in my review. I'll be sure to check out your post soon.
RT : Ladies keep it tight, Fellas Eat her right ;)
Do you work in NYC? Matthew
good night :) Rock on
My Swagger is galactic, imma need uh rocket
Looking forward to a (hopefully brief!) lull in client work to update the DW website and more.
MLK,Jr was a gift to the world!!
28 degrees.. Love it winter's here
Prom is today and to top it off I feel Like shit and I have to do so much stuff ... Why am I not excited ?
For him to steep so low, he must either be crazy or he's fallen head over heels
what are ya talking about crazy?
Well said!
great to see you on Friday. Hooray for being irrelevant ;)!
Hung out with my sis today for a little while. Enjoyed you bxtch! (:
that's hurtful bro. I spit that Ether!
I want to know why my nose piercing hole smells wierd!
Thanks for follow
Bowl Games are about as interesting as Youth Leage Soccer................It's not interesting.
Speaking of luck, there is part I of luck, Best turning pro. Just can't afford a hiccup in Rocky Top.
Buzz in a bit with Erik. Gonna rawk!
A: We do a lot of things with a lot of the free clinics, we're working with mayor's office on a project in Church Hill
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.-- Kahlil Gibran
i got beat up the whole time i was outside.
“: Sometimes we are given only a few minutes to be with the ones we love, and a thousand hours to spend thinking of them.”
just saw the victoria secret commerical with playing as the background! Made MY Night!
I was wrong. Go figure.
When boys rather stay up on the phone with you than go to sleep <3
wish i could watch... but... uhh... im not even gonna even make up an excuse, ill be asleep... xDD
Happy Leap Day!
So, i've gotten a reply from everyone in except for Cameron and Tyler. Why boys...why?
Should have known that something was up after Ishii's back-and-forth with all the major orgs prior to his debut though.
That was a fun party.
Thanks for sharing today's blog entry!
nope, to Hawaii for the next year :)
I just wish everything wouldn't get so complicated right when I think everything is ok again....
dont forget my Koala. I think he will fit in your suitcase.
My evil twin and I tossed a coin to see who got to play today. Guess who won?
Not yet. Lol. Finishing school is my first priority right now! You?
Laughed in the sun, and kissed the lovely grass. ~Rupert Brooke
watched the interview ... Fantastic! You're drive and passion is beyond enthusiastic... I strive for it everyday!
I just want to listen to speak all night.
Looking forward to it! I can show you our exciting greenhouse and our even more exciting grad dungeon.
golden gold
Find a trusted colleague to provide honest course feedback.
haha - I'm not going to argue with your assessment. Happy St. Pat's to you as well! Have a breakfast burrito for me, please.
I wanna see you!!!!!! It's been forever!
Thats what happens when you are around Angelos for any length of time
Ach, should have brought my ukulele in today! The morning started out so promising w/ the internet down.
Told today I was "L.A. 19". Whatever the hell that means.
thanks! Retweet and tell your friends! We play in less than 2 weeks! :D
Consider using a rep to be the face of your social media program. This allows people to connect with your company on a personal level.
God I hate dc. This traffic is making me homicidal.
#nowwatching Enjoying Everyday Life with :]
So far critical opinion seems to be split although I'm seeing more hate on Twitter
So good to find the BBC and CBC... good radio is...well...so good!
he would tell me you a always get the same thing every time lol so he picked out toppings for me
Is there a lower form of human than the CRAIGSLIST REAL ESTATE "BROKER"? There's no way your name is "Douglas Douglas," Douglas.
Drove past J&B, and automatically assumed and were inside
Technically it was outdoors at midnight... But, details.
Barring a trade, there will be a new addition to the family tonight.
RT : #MutantEmcee 's come out and play ...... www.MutantEmcee.com
Wow! RT : Annika from Rho Chapter at raised over $20,000 for the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center!
Great year at Oswego. Excited for next year.
Looking forward to a busy week for www.green-renaissance.com/fair
fml . i swear.
On the road to Houston, I cant wait to get there already, and to weigh-in tomarrow, IM HUNGRY!!!!!!
Bayview? More like Beardview. Lots of beards here. They gave me one to wear while we visit
I hope I did good on that test.
Good question. While we do pin most joints for strength and durability, we don't typically use drawbore pegs/pins.
CHICAGO SHOW - The Elbo Room - DYNAMIC BOX & Others - 6-11pm - Sunday, Aug. 1st - MAKE your weekend Count! ROCK!
I've already had 3 fights with my dad about her being here. It's what he wants and I told him to leave me out of it from now on.
harry potter was mindblowing.
I'd love to be famous.
sometimes people on Twitter are just creepers XD. also, please follow me or follow me back <3 :)
is the Sanford PD a private police set-up? TY for coverage
this movie is gay. :o i rather watch Fred... :)
I have a feeling May is going to be a pretty fabulous month. It certainly has been thus far.
Glad I could provide a tweet-bite worthy quote to use in your article. Cheers!
I had fun today. Gotta work tomorrow I should get some sleep.. Z<3
its okay, everyone has their moments #awwk (x
appears for 4th time in 5 days. Before game Roenicke said he trusts him to tell him if the workload is becoming too great
A4 a cool visual with great thought make a tweet exponentially more powerful :)
Ate at FoxtailNHounds had Grn Ch.ChBurger a green beer,and a BlacknTan!Happy St. Patricks Day!
It's funny how, no matter how often I take the G train, the smell of feces at each station is still shocking.
Control by on WRVU 91.1 Nashville right now! Winning!
Everyone is saying that. I might have to go.
Should of Hit me Bro
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think America's got talent
when ppl say one thing, but mean the other and think we have mind reading powers to for see wtf they thinking <<<<<
I LOVE YOU!!!! You are so talented and amazing, oh i love your accent<3<3 please please please tweet me back?!?!?!<3
about to take a risk! the life of an #actor is all about tenacity and persistence.
Thanks for sharing #SpaceRace2012 with your followers!
Google Map truck spotted on our street by People were waving at it. Hope he got filmed
"Try and steal this. You can't steal happiness..."
about to whip in some FIFA ;)
THAT WAS KIRSTEN!!!! LMAO ;P
wanna be a winner?? erase that doubt!
Smashing some burgers w
: RT Any burrito can be a breakfast burrito if you eat it early enough.
The shirt ... questionable. The pants ... iffy. That belt ... lawdhavemercy.
Dear #Orioles, thanks for the hope!! Please don't break my heart next year!!
In west virginia. Hello west virginians
Every time I see a beagle I have to resist the urge to run after it.
I love elderly ppl w a passion but they need to have their own lane to drive in...like the HOV-the OPP lane: old ppl plz
im in da studio wut time u get out work!?
Learning from client IU Public Policy Institute about recs in new Policy Choices for Indiana's Future report.
"Father, forgive them" (Luke 23:34) Ignorance is no excuse. Christ’s death, Christ’s forgiveness is still required.
The most realistic aspect of is that composers indeed need an assistant! Picking up dry cleaning and making tea is such a pain!
I believe it! I'll be contributing more as well.
Do you have relatives there?
we have to stop playing phone tag my friend.
good morning dear!
SFUSD board president Hydra Mendoza: "really proud of work is doing ... expecting your students to bring our comm'ty up&out"
And I'm still up.
No problem, plus you're awesome at the job (as well as on NHL Network) Happy Birthday as well!
I seriously hate Ross ...
Sometimes i know you want me an other times I dunno.... but honestly I don't wanna play the guessing game
On my way back home, after enjoying 5 fabulous days in
my grandpa used to say, "there's no such thing as a bad beer, some are just better than others."
- www.MadeInSatx.com has a couple of movers listed.
I just don't get the logic of some people.
Wow really needed this today RT : "If you believe, you will receive." -Matthew 21:22
The Ramayan has lists of allies Rama has when going to liberate his wife from bad guy. Compare Iliad book 2.
give your voice a break, let your beard take over
All packed up and ready to fly home. This has been absolutly incredible! I will never forget this city, the people I met and the...
How does one transcend hot and cold?
I keep a open mind and try to learn new things each day..
Getting ready for our interview with the Cincinnati Enquirer!
Happy Friday! :)
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>> I think Carolina BBQ is just "OK".
Tonight: People's Improv Theater with Tomorrow: Drinking water for 40 days....
I Miss You Terribly Babe :/
#FF support local radio! Follow Fridays!
Point is, about 25 yrs ago, it became v. fashionable for regular old white people to claim native heritage. He's one of em.
Come to the hall 1st RT : I wish I could - but I have the Broadway at Birdland concert!
"Is that rain?" No bitch, you just got so famous that you went blind, deaf, and retarded! Gezzz shows how lazy our society is becoming
John Verbos never fails to mind fuck me. Never.
r ppl still tweetin?? i tink de're 2 busy watchin the show!!
Why do I like you so much
The older I get the more I appreciate the good in people coupled with zero tolerance for stupidity.
Couldn't ask for a better day. RC3 was incredible , Tribes was awesome, spent time with my lady and all this on 4 hours of sleep.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
wats up how u been
sometimes people would give my Dad a hard time, and he'd moon them. they'd shut right up.
I've done both, so I'd say everyone wants the same things: Quality work, on deadline. Do that for everyone & you're good.
send it to me again, it didn't go thru
So cocky. Oh wait... Not Really.
YES. RT : We need some Funk at the next SuperBowl... I'm startin the call right now. PFunk All Stars @ SuperBowl 2013.
Happy Halloween Tweet Ghost Riders!!! Get 1000 Business Cards $39.99!!! Call today for more info 720-542-6105!
Foot: stiff Achilles tendon
I'm good .... hows the lil one
#NewFeds mentioned looking at job descriptions as a wordle. Copy & paste into wordle.net
Yeah man he had all those playoff wins. Oh wait.
If you woke up this morning, you don't look like what you been through.
I'm about to pull my Choppa suit out the closet.
Composing music in Logic is like trying to break out of prison with a nail file.
Ah, as I said, you ARE the most devastatingly devilish demon. And ALL mine! ;) G'night!!!
Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood uses the FINEST ECO-friendly chemicals for cleaning your vehicles.They are better than your dishwasher soap!
"Wicked Wednesday Follows "
i've only packed half of my suitcase -_-
i send you an email yesterday so i hope to hear back tommorow as my client is waiting on an answer
Aud at cmoa is filling up
Dreams money can buy.
That's totally my MO these days. Go home early/ WFH to be as productive as humanly possible. Gotta love the irony!
...if I used a pink ribbon in a marketing initiative and was promoting something other than fighting women's cancers. We all...
The air stings my lungs
things will come around. I'll pray on it. :-)
^ sandikrakowski: I have such respect for those who face their issues and don't blame. No matter what it takes, do the work.
Laying in the sun for 2 hours then spraying myself with the freezing hose = The Best Feeling Ever.
good meeting you this morning with Enjoy the game!
#shehechat I must confess that I have not yet explored Pinterest for myself or my org.
Thanks. Happy New Year from Seattle!
I'm at the #cbjDraftLotteryTweetUp and can't decide what to eat
Whether I run one mile or four, that first mile is always the worst!! After that it's easier.
i salute keep da movement going
RT IF YOU WANT ME TO CALL YOU. (MUST BE Following FIRST) CALLING ALL MY FANS TONIGHT!
I miss you too, but I prob won't see you until June :( We'll see. Hope all is well with you.
When a good thing goes bad, its not the end of the world. It's just the end of a world that you had with one girl...
WOW you loaded a lot into that tweet - nice!
allison call me!
Watching Messi is just unreal. He controls the ball better than anyone on the planet.
Now another Monticello High School student at #bosmtg is arguing money for the #westernbypass should go to teachers in
Very cool. I love Gin Old Fashioned style. Did you enjoy the ambiance and overall experience?
Big city living objective 1 complete: chased down a bus through traffic
Good lesson for all. MT : Pawlenty said learned that he should have been more authentic and "let the chips fall where they may
Very pretty jewelry on your Etsy page!
sounds like espn was desperate to manufacture a story, god knows that never happens
McConnell, Rove, Ryan, Cantor are among the most evil men to ever walk the earth. All they lack is opportunity...
Is it Tony Plush or Tony Clutch!!! Break em' off another Capital T Plush!! Plushdamental 133- Be Clutch
RT RT series on Post-Socialist Punk in Eastern Europe from iTunesU in the Social Sciences section!
Ur a little younger than me..... may b .....when u eighteen ...but we could be bfs if u want....
they need to stand up for you since you can't speak hooman. Mom learned hard way but it wasn't too layte
been on a facebook hiatus, but i'll be there. it was the 7th at charlie brown's right? excellent choice
Work is over and now it's time to start playing some poker on Full-Tilt
I'm in the Club World lounge waiting for my flight to Copenhagen. How did a girl from #Hobart end up here?!
so tired.
hey I didn't say that I said if we were the avengers you'd be the black guy
Writing 500 times in cursive: "I will not be jealous. I will not be jealous..." :)
Also notable in light of article earlier this week indicating fall-off in book scanning at libraries.
not entirely sure how that applies, but hey it still sounds intelligent>.<
whoa! cool
I'm at my daughter's dance recital
Ugh fuck. I love my bestie to death, but he's such an ass sometimes. So glad we ended up just friends.
you alright?
Hi Thx 4 following All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Ltd Time offer Contact
fix the var declaration to use class reference instead of id
I hope it's already SUMMER tho, I wanna swim in the beach, go on somewhere, and no tons of homework to do.
Making beer dip, buffalo-style chicken chili dip, cheese & pepperoni dip and jalapeno ranch dip w/ at 8:45
First week in February!
Boston's throwback uniforms are fucking SiCK!
Is everyone at Super Sunday? I'm at the bookstore and its awfully slow in here...
Finally off to sleep..... Wk in the a.m....Goodnite tweeters....
A new self-guided bullet works similar to a missile, able to hit targets more than a mile away.
#1 for any skin type is to take a fish oil supplement so that you are nourished from the inside out!
I like the thought of sweet biscuits in the morning...
I would love to go to this twakeover, but i don't haves any moneys. Damn son.
LaMont J.'s new album cover is HOT thanks to designer Alexis R.! #workinprogress #staytuned!
Are. You. Kidding me.
TY I did! GR8 Week to u all
Deleting mad people... fuck these flaw people taking up my memory
track?! oh gosh that involves running... Pretend to fall and sprain your ankle! :/ well maybe that's not the best plan...
(: smoke that shit good *cough cough* lmao
get a circle first and keep It small
Any ideas for a new Jae-Wan t-shirt?
Check out my homies from on the T.I. And Tiny show on VH1 right now
So impressed with the city right now. Everything is looking better that expected
Good job on #Firsttake way to rep !
Okeechobee, FL... I would ask you but I assume it's Tallahassee cause I seen your tweet bout headin home today...
“: 35 minutes till its Friday basedgod!” I wish :/
Your bitch give me brain she's a know it all.
it was agreed upon at the book club that this was indeed the case. Take pride! :) (the nasty smiley)
New Music comin yall Way 32 New Beats.6 songs completed so far..recording starts @ midnight...
They love me :)
Sometimes I wish I still had my virginity.
don't be afraid. The mustache will protect you
Parents, advise your student to always talk with you first before answering any questions from school authorities when police are present.
Have fun then. I used to teach Bible studies....random confession haha. I really hope you've had your caffeine!
I will always <3 Justin BIEBER no matter what! even if he dyed his hair bright red. I love JB not just for his looks but for his personality
Imma take a dance class to get ready! And buy Just Dance! And Zumba Fitness! And watch Step Up 100 times!
good luck!
Bitches needa stop it with their drawn on eyebrows . Especially when its hellah too dark and crooked .
understandable. you can general questions to or add their event schedule to your calendar to make their next meeting
thanks for having me
20 more till 1000 followers :D
5.7 lb fluke won the $250 reel today!! Season pass for 1st 7lbder still up for grabs!
cos I'm creative innit :P
I'm getting the feeling that you have a thing for bisexual guys ;p
while every new technology has req'd new balance in (C) law, the Internet may be a unique tool requiring a more complicated process
Wow! Thanks! Yes, I would love to do it again!
they bleeped it, but it was hilarious to hear you swear none-the-less!
Hahaha I know but still. It would be better without him.
Thx, Julia! RT : Good reporting by AP's shows it's hard to be evidence-based in arguing for or against...
muthafuckas dnt wash up either bro, get yo itchy booty ass away from me wit dat
#amreading Provenance: How a con man and a forger rewrote the history of modern art by L. Salisbury & A. Sujo. Great read!
Just about ready to submit my panel proposal for #AHA2013 if I could only think up a good title. Not the best late-night activity.
Fucking kill me now RT": A woman will spend about 3500 days of her lifetime menstruating."
damn its already 9pm..... i just love how i get 5 hours of sleep and work 11 hours and have 9 hours to do what needs to be done
#40DAYS!!! YES<3 FOLLOW BACK, I LOVE YOU.
You too
Love passing T.C. Williams high school on the way to work.
please pray for my family and the other people that have to work security for NATO in Chicago this weekend.
RT : Three killed in Texas cockfight. That's one bad ass chicken!
Most likely to be on america's next top model :D
S/0 to for signing with the Spartans! Big year next year! For Spartan Nation !
This cold i have seriously suckss :/
Love the show Tony And your still unbreaking my heart :)
follow me pleasee.i love you soo much! #NEVERSAYNEVER!
Look forward to connecting with colleagues from and more
Bout to go handle this Business, come back to the crib and chill then practice.
yea the one on ipod is marilyn though
I suggested they look at and CAA as examples of best practice
1421- A fire destroyed part of the just completed Forbidden City in
I don't get why they changed her name. Asha is so much more Red Sonjaish.
And you niggas money funny call that shit Martin
RT : Doing my part to #keepthewebopen by tweeting out! If you are against #SOPA help spread the word!
Damage in coastal regions, like Bulls Head, in Staten Island. Not considered a "typical" flood region so insurance not possible!
Just left your show in Madison with my 15 yo dd. Thanks for the awesome memories - your harmonies still move me to tears!
nacho cupcakes....
: Mark, click on my profile to see my new page - reformatted as a tribute to your work. You'll love it! Happy Easter.
c'mon now you know better. I'm on my shit!
": #ThingsThatGuysLike girls with curves , only dogs go for bones ."
Rooting for moneyball
We're out of hoodies. Which means we got to see a lot of dream cars! Still looking for pics with a Harley or a Classic Car!
Can someone give me some legit DubStep artists?
thanks buddy!
fucking ants crawling to my pipi.
Twitter is distracting me i have to do my SPANISH.
interesting stuff! Where can I find out more about the crowdsourcing?
I don't play fantasy. AJ is awesome. I don't have to tell you how nice it is to have a catcher who can hit on your team. Or do I?
"Accept the challenges so that you may feel the exhiliration of victory." -- George Patton
YES.. brew crew.. thank you for not brew screwing that up
. No one wants to fill out a form just to get another 16 digit identifier. The ID has to do something useful.
do you like the fort waynes childrens zoo?
> Stop by for some Pizza and Brew mates!
thanks for the unfollow! Unfollowed back! ;)
If Its Not Alot 2 Ask Can U do That 4 Me?
No link, but spoke with Rik Hauptfeld and he is willing and eager to speak about current issues not being addressed. Want his email?
"Feel, deal, heal." Iyanla Vanzant on Oprah's Lifeclass
Happy Pi Day *snapping suspenders*
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at Gaylord Texan Resort at Gaylord Texan resort, Sun, May 13 10:00a: Treat your loved ones to our special...
I don't hate you. I don't think I can ever hate you
I've been thinking too much lately.......
Careful. You could hurt your neck. RT :
I'd use "unlikely" but I've been told I'm a master of understatement, which is a little hyperbolic.
Fedorov was still playing?
Kobe system is in full effect folks!
Oh boy. Enjoy your lustrous career at Amazon's Shipping and Fulfillment Warehouse then!
No notable news. is still waiting for Zoe to decide she's ready. It's just one of those days where everything feels right.
In 2004 election cycle, Sen. Marty endorsed Dennis Kucinich for President
People Under The Stairs! Great movie.
It's at the Hillyer Art Space in Dupont, 6:30 - 9pm
Huge win for the #Blackhawks *grin*
Washington Avenue Drinkery was DOPE ... Thank You H-Town
OMG I did it! I'm Gold status! I don't have to fly like a low class citizen in 2012!
$15 off your hair service with me tomorrow at !!! Call 414.988.4165 to book your appt. :)
It's Friday, Friday.. yup, that song is still annoying but here's something that isn't: ALL SPICE BLENDS ARE 20% OFF!! (through 3/25)...
#PunxsutawneyRomney will get caught each time. He thinks it's 1965, we get information before he lies! Next up, Voter Fraud
Happy #FlannelFriday yall, is now influencing my style. I don't hate it...
Former Air Force safety Scott "Spike" Thomas has been elected to the College Football Hall of Fame. He is the fourth Falcon to be elected
Giving the new interns the scoop!
Cincinnati Bible College
I just saved a lot on car insurance by switching to GEICO?
In seconds...one's life can change from the best...to the worst day of his life
You did?! Hahaha is he really like that or is he just a good actor? XD Yeah, we all know an old nasty grandma like that! :'D
What is your favorite French Macaroon flavor?
dance-testing this song for tempo.
we ain't fat -- it is considered soft and cuddle friendly
Bad tv and nighttime workouts. make the medicine go down! i totally look forward to this time of night.
Tony & Guy audition went great yesterday.. now we wait..
LOL that is so far from the truth. Girls get way more followers and RT's than guy's. My whole 20 followers confirms that
i really need a charger for my phone. wtf i feel incomplete without my shit twitter.... cant wait till dis dweeb brings my shit to me.
A4: We have a mobile-friendly website and have other businesses sign up for events using QR codes
Heck - a mixture between hell and fuck
I'm enjoying that demise
I'm in the market for a legit bow tie, where would you recommend I seek one out?
another 12+ hr workday, and still not finished.. :(
Hey everyone come down to Awesome place.
What type of lighting is your favorite? There are many options! Chandeliers, floor lamps, wall sconces, desk or table lamps & novelty lamps.
I think Katy Walker and Dwayne Pfannkuch
#np Drive By - Train
RABURN HOME RUN?!?!?! *blacks out*
WHAT's NEXT ?????? Bashful SPHINCTER SYNDROME ???? Bashful......ah, I'll stop right there.... : )
thanks for the follow(;
I love my background
The Walking Dead > The Academy Awards
Are u a chicago bulls fan?
Bucks opening night!
Hello, #TheBiebster and Time Travel!
was my 11th follower!! I still remember when you used to answer my tweets!!<21
My listing presentation today was in bed with the man of the house. I got the listing. Dont ask me any questions. Who needs a kitchen table?
m/b ignorance is also feedback 4 us all?
A new slap being played in someone elses ride the feelin ..... Priceless !!!
discusses writing process: starts day with twitter, Facebook, blogs, then writes 5 pages. Whew!
I have so much water in my ears that I feel like I'm on the Titanic.
south of what ?
Thursday my geology teacher is going to show us the "truth" of how our earth is millions and millions of years old...interesting.
I wish I was a morning person. Think of all the things I could get done from 7-9am, if only I'd get out of bed.
New york bands! come get some!
“: As I get older I find it's better to have just a few "real" friends rather then many fake ones”
“People say you don’t know what you have until it’s gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you’d never lose it.”
aww :). Well these are just demos that we have and we won't have anything until we get in the studio soon! Stay put!!
All I can do is pray!!
thank you!! Love you!
May 15, staying in Palermo again
his sexiness hypnotizes us and turns us into crazy fan girls... 😳
gotta love mr. Brooks class!!! #gottagiveem'sass
We're going to have the Broadway Armory chock-ful of crafters and shoppers on Saturday if you've got a free van.
Draper looked twisted hosting on this
I wish I enjoyed tanning like a normal girl. But I'm tan enough so that shit don't apply to me.
When you are alone you are all your own. -Leonardo Da Vinci
“: Watch me get into a car accident now ..,.”
Our first Mixology class! Learning how to make some prohibition-era cocktails!
#CoIT Trend: shifting business models require tech savvy employees; 78% rank consumer recos as most credible form of adv.
There's nothing the Gos can't/won't do.
Todd Haley would be huge upgrade..I would like that move.
Thankfully, the only part of it that's true, is the "it's raining, it's pouring", lol.
If the Twins win this series, we know the Mayans were right.
ok i will c
I like hearing Newt explain how a shooting by a racially profiling racist isn't about race.
its like a jungle sometimes, they make me wonder why they wanna take me under cuuuuz #FatTone >>>>>>>>>
Physical symptoms of #socialanxiety disorder may include blushing, shortness of breath, nausea, and/or shaking.
just used i'm in love.
So if he fails I'm letting you take credit.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves Drive slow, especially on Sundays!!!
😔 I gotta stop I swear like I have a g35 n shit lol
Sump pumps suck.
New and improved computer Thanks to my 2 wonderful men in my life...My Dad and Husband...They never let me down...<3 those guys!!
Feeling like an addict must feel when he fiends...
hey :) i just wanted to tweet you before i get to work :) i'll start saving some money cause i wanna meet you in a comic con :)
hang in there
Just voted!! :)
...she said, "that shit is for the birds". She...as in me.
Just finished working with -such a beautiful, accomplished, and inspiring woman! ♥
Going to the RJ Donovan State Prison for Take Your Daughter To Work Day... I already feel like this is going to be traumatizing. 😰
I'm so excited! I just had two lines then minute thirty cut it off. But it was my first time and it will be better next time
Went to a beautiful wedding in Schaumberg Illinois today. A very inspiring ceremony for a fantastic couple.
Poised Creation believes firmly in helping the non-profit organizations of America flourish!
Appointment tomorrow... :-) .
Just got home from Florida and back in the NY..
wife-up strong....will solve that problem..shouldn't do this thing we call life alone...
yeah #robotchicken is off the hook!
Know what you are worth...
Finna take a long walk
Hey good afternoon..I had a good night! How are you???
Thank you!!
:) OK, I'll have to look it up. I've seen every ep. Just don't know the titles :)
Playoff baseball coming on Friday... Whoa! I admit that snuck up on me...
#holiday1kiss spread some holiday cheer through the streets of LA! Blow a kiss to
Thank you for your sweet words! & thank U for loving me even when I shout out inappropriate words when Indy poops in the house ;)
Directors...My play "Falling Awake" is being produced in Midtown International Theatre Festival. Hello directors! Please contact me.
Gogo juice is gonna help us wii-in.
All that noise hasn't stopped the #Lakers from finally playing as a team tonight. Finish it out Lakers!
Go Georgia!!! You made us so proud tonight.
She makes me happy when she smiles.
Combine crutches (or wheelchair) with pitch down (Right + A) and baby, you've got a stew goin'...
RT : High fives to the board! They handled a difficult job last night in LA with level heads and poise. Vote YES!...
People are protesting outside of Chick-fil-a on Sports Arena... Guessing it's about the whole "anti-gay" thing?
You're welcome! You give out some good advice! :-D
If a picture paints a thousand words, #voiceover artists would be out of business by now. They're all becoming professional photographers.
Thank you BOSTON!
Getting things for the annual family Easter egg hunt.
Entrepreneurs: Don't have time to wait - apply to present at the 2012 Angel Capital Summit!
#Praying for our country on this historic weekend. For those marginalized, for forgiveness, love and compassion. We must work together.
Hmm, I think I'd like to be surprised! I'm a big fan of your bear-filled artwork :)
I cut him for Jason Hammel on 4/26 in an 8-team AL only league. Didn't think I would've done that before the season started
Also? I only know you tangentially, but I'm pretty sure you're not maladjusted. Just working through the hard stuff, which is hard.
crap i took my before lunch vitamins too early and now I feel sick. having lunch with friends at noon, and not sure i can wait that long.
Call of Duty
Need to get some house work done, then shower& trynna take a walk with when He gets off(:
Thanks! Let us know anytime or contact for specific questions! Have a great week!
Come in today and try our Almond Joy mocha! On sale this week only and you can get it hot, iced, or blended!
you know the world is coming to an end when Paris Hilton is the voice of reason.
does DVRing it count...or do I still have to pay?
suck it
My favorite candy was always Slopokes
haha i know right? so when i saw that tweet (unrelated) right after his I couldnt help but laugh and now...here YOU are lol
Lol, I shouldn't walk alone. Bitches gonna get cut.
ah today is the day i get to meet you im so excited ill see you there <21
Be iconic be be iconic be iconic be be iconic be iconic be be iconic!!!!
Because Roger is the one to dole out marital advice.
Quote of the Day: Opportunity is missed by most people because it's dressed in overalls & looks like work......Thomas Edison
All lies. If you require assistance, maybe I can help. DM me. I work for the Franchise Tax Board.
One thing C&P data doesn't show: mailing address of vets receiving disability
I love how #MadMen dictates the Trending Topics on Twitter every Sunday night
Apologies to As exciting as SAC meetings are, there really isn't that much intrigue.
all good now mate....well rested and smashed a breakfast buffet in Beijing....next stop Ulan Batoor Mongolia
i hear ya
Really appreciate what this presenter is saying abt the scattering of indigenous records and the need to cooperate to provide access
Co-Merge hosted monthly meeting for San Diego Chamber of Commerce members. It went great. A lot of interesting people.
Good luck with that.
I have 2 tests tomorrow that i am definitely not ready for......
I guess and I just woke up in a #red mood yest!
Life Goes On ♥
yea sorry my iPad was 3% battery and I had to find my charger
love you boo! ;)
Mixed news on 21st century skills from Stanford research...teachers report teaching to test rather than time on crit thinking
“: There's not a day that i don't miss you or think about you ... <3 #blah”
new tuna salad sandwich recipe. bbq sauce and sour cream.
I'm on it. *ayyyyyyyyyyyyy* *CHEA*
well welcome to
I'm pisss. Love u spencer u were a great friend
hello pplz,I'm bored lol =]
apparently not followin me back, lmao
Will you be at WDW next week?
": I don't know who I want to go to prison more....George Zimmerman or Rebekah Brooks." gets my vote for president
Look back at me , hahaha(:
hmm i like that idea...maybe with a picture of a fluffy rodent on the front?
oh i don't have that information ;) sorry
Great Scott!
make it happen
Cranberries are rich sources of antioxidants, with benefits to the cardiovascular system and aid in fighting off carcinogens.
The big ones ALWAYS hit my face, its okay tho, it feels nice :-)
Wow! 40 followers in less than 2 hours?!?! I love you all <3
happy birthday thom
Champions Against Bullying thanks Ruth Carter. It's great that we're on the page!
I just watched "Penelope." Even with pig nose, she wasn't THAT bad. I don't get all the fuss about her. I kinda fell asleep though.
Shorter RT Not like it'd happen, but what wld the game B like if u cldnt change pitchers mid-inning?
ah, I didn't know it wasn't an mmorpg... It's all good, I don't have a 360 either, lol
Didn't think it was possible to be a bigger bucks fan..until today.
Choose to live on purpose.. Let your feelings out & then move on.. Wear a genuine smile!!! Tomorrow can always be better!! 8-)
NO. I'm staying white!
THANK YOU FOR THE SOUND MESSAGE ON SSM.
Does he know it's disgusting to blow your nose anywhere close to where people are eating.. Dude please excuse yourself
We can do that. I work with major labels all the time, I want you to feel safe.Do u have one or do I need to send you 1
Sorry I had to miss DCPS SS meet up group but Im going to workshop literacy in SS on Fri @ #NCSS2012 so Ill bring back good info!
I love when people ignore me
was hoping to do some yardwork, but it looks like rain again. Sprayed weeds yesterday, 1 hr later it rained :(
In other action...Marty Havlat with 2OT GW!!! Great playoff performer when not being Kronwalled!!!
any thoughts of having a mug u buy and bring back each game to get refills?
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects
There is no average person. There is no normal way. We each have a gift and when we find it, when we live in it, it stretches all of us.
only think about tomorrow and what it will bring, in your dreams remember to sing.
U.S. Attorney Hickton presented HCEF's Charlie LaVallee with a touching momentum & gave a warm shout out to
Happy Mother's Day!!
... I don't actually want to ditch the class lol. We get to cuss each other out in our next unit! :').
glad to have you here. As u can see, I don't tweet much...lol
#HappyMothersDay Mom. I love you so much. You're the most amazing mom a daughter could ever ask for.
no i think its tuesday.
School can go die.
Congrats! Moving to Seattle?
ahh tomorrow!! (: can't wait..
Thanks for the follow. Like your book covers. look forward to reading your work.
so you know im on my grizzly
I bet the views would eclipse your great guitar videos :) I saw a vid where a sista ended up drinking from a pitcher of water
A GIS for "James Lipton" includes General Zod. Perfect.
In SLC. Had a great show in Logan, UT last night.
Am really liking the Cleveland show on Hulu.
Been there. But our loving God understands 'growing up' sins. Not excusing it, but understanding & most of all learning from it
This is awesome. Four new custom designed Ed Hale & #Transcendence t-shirts! Including #AllYourHeroesBecomeVillains!
If Jensen elevates a fastball in the zone, goodnight braun
Latin America bus
No ! Yours Are <3 . Lets Trade
I almost forgot I much I luv the movie "Lean on Me" 1989. Principal Joe Clark Hnic....
Heading to Downtown Disney!
is such an inspiration anything you set your mind to can be accomplished :-)
CHECK OUT THE LINK AND CLICK ON ''STORE'' TAB FOR CURRENT PRODUCTS.... CLICK ''LIKE'' TO SHOW SUPPORT ...
Hahaaa, Competinq, Much?? ;] Lol Lets RACE!!. BFF VS. BFF"!. :D
I moved to SW side Milw Cty from Whitewater in '99 & I never left. I always wonder what would've happened if I started on East Side
even tho ots only like 1:30 in the morning here im good, how about urself?
Thanks for the Tweet Craig
When a bitch/niqqa is cuffed & swear fuckin the homies is cute #we don't do those .
I hope you both have great weekends away. What am I gonna do without you??
Any day.
The reason they lost 8 is the fact that defense core is horrific. When grant clitsome is your best D-man your team is in trouble
I love you, handsome<333 :3
excited to see this weekend! i hope he forgets his new iPad & camera here when he leaves :-D
Watching Cardinals get their butts kick!
ha ha, you're here too??
#Nevada. Here we go again water rate going up. You conserve they raise rate Watch our 4 those big pay raises.
chicken pot pie? He should have gone with the chicken fried steak.
I wonder what is doing?
great minds think alike
I thought about you- did you know Bruce Springsteen is playing at Nats Park...but it's not part of some awful concert series! lol
How about this? 2 main channel videos and 4 second channel videos?
who was it that said the GOP is just an organized bunch of petty, hypocritical bigots?
Marketing on the Amazon Kindle is the hottest new strategy online using Publishing.
#stompers ya'll rocked... did new orleans proud have a ball up there. 610 Stompers rock!!!
awesome! I guess I should tell what our plans are!! Lol
yeah I saw that dunk! And I was like Omg your daddy taught you good!
Sold more equipment the past two weeks & now look for what we need to purchase for 2012. Been a decent good year & a great past two months.
Revising the script we'll shoot this week for the Yes! To Cookies commercials that will run during the holidays.
": I might wake up early just to see on the news." Haha yes sir!
Yeah tennesse is a good call I might go that route RT I'll say Tennessee and Philadelphia.
#No Lie im not over him :(
some classes are simply boring from the beginning. Lol
Just a dream ♥
Thank you so much for taking the time to personally reach out to your followers & ask them to follow You're wonderful!
the one I was looking at were for therapists to do evals/probes
This is going to be a GREAT event this September in Austin, Texas. I'll be working with the ever popular Shift Economy radio show host...
Welcome Back Students!
": Bauer third? Why third not? Second?" I figured id give the proven guys first nod
You say that you love the sun, but you find a shadow spot when the sun shines.
Thanks for following me, folks...following you too!
Growing up all the light skin and Hispanic folks hollared, I got no love from the dark skin cats. Now, I get love from all flavors. :D
tonight after 7 p screening of "Jiro Dreams of Sushi," a chat w dir
Checking out the Hunger Games then off for some margaritas!
-- Baseball star Roger Clemens has been indicted for obstruction of Congress, making false statements and perjury.
#EBUS118 Just took my first class via Cool to meet my virtual classmates in EBUS118. Fun Stuff!
BIG NIGHT TONIGHT
#SEO requires being more relevant, more authoritative, + more findable - RT
Hold on gotta get the sticks to #Corndog <3
im not doubting weve landed on the moon. are you doubting that we are being exposed to harmful chemicals in large quantity?
“: Im bored..Q&A time! Ask away tweedos” Person you would love to meet and why?
I'll be interviewed by on the jobs plan presented by and other issues, @ 7:30 eastern time
