Agreed - DM me with your email and we'll set something up.
Wow fuck I forgot we got a new doorknob and I don't have the key. Locked outside my house, sup
Excellent! Perhaps there's room for Guy Maddin & RT Yes & I think its now a 12 top with ClyffordStill & ZahaHadid
how are you guys? I want to see travel pics!
and when is MKE's largest fish fry?!? that's a must.
Suffering threatens to make life meaningless. That is its greatest danger, not the pain it inflicts.
My wife is at Disneyland. I'm not. Wah wah. She saw Brandon Flowers. I did not. Wah wah. She's sleeping. I'm not. Wah waaaaahhh.
i want to win a contest....
Amazing. Doesn't get much better than that! RT : Chick-fil-A for confirmation dinner tonight... What's up waffle fries.
Watching #Jesse Owens on PBS
Youre still awake?!
It's official: THESE GUYS ROCK!!! New members Wade and Mitchell welcome to the band! Formal intros to follow.
The more birthdays you have, the longer you live... :')
Watching a GND episode with being introduced as the 2007 PMOY. She's so cute. I wish I was friends with her!
Just watched the "Battlefield Los Angeles" and it's like if you were part of a game.
#Excusestodrink In Union show!!!
ha i would be too.
Hey ! Saw you at Would love to talk to you about playing fEASTival this May!
Add me on draw something! Kelseysue56 :)
absolutely glued to the memoir Three Little Words by ! What an incredible girl... so inspiring and extremely motivating
The one day I can sleep late and I wake up at 7 -_-
aye sup wit my brodie!!
Who The Fuck Un-followed Me .?
try to ask by school tomorrow cause I need to know by the morning!
hope all is well! We got the credit for the pickup system. Come by the store when you get a chance. Thanks!
We miss you come visit soon!
I wrk hard for my money so hard for it honey!!
see you all in the morning!
Study time... When will "me time" get here? 😔
Lotus is already fully disruptive. Just in the wrong direction I'm afraid
In #blackjack, when the dealer shows a 6, he'll bust only 43% of the time, so don't act so shocked if he ends up beating your 15.
Is playing for the Patriots?
Did you get your issue?
DID YOU KNOW?? We have extended our weekly hours as well! Monday-Thursday 11am-10pm, Friday and Saturday 11am-Midnight and Sundays 11am-8pm.
hey slut
finna go see my nigga Crip in the county than latter go get signature's for my broskie then to work
Preparing to set another PR?
ha ha ha you're welcome.
Note to self: always get in the limo.
REGISTRATION FOR WWVC 2009 is NOW OPEN! Please visit www.wildwestvc.com to register.
Danica, can you be any tinier or cuter? The total antithesis of a race car driver!
you guys are home already?
“: Come to Maggie's for a frosty.” We gonna stop by
you are so right. See you in Colorado!
thanks griffin! you just made my day :)
To our buddies in Cleveland, Ohio, we have one ticket left for the show this Sat at Peabody's claim it now!!!
you realize now I'll be like the only one without a kid. Thanks for that! :-p
Here we go Steelers! Here we go!
I hate knowing i need to study, but i can force myself to.
#fraiku kidnap me from work purchase some honeyhoney let us just vibe out.
I'm on an island surrounded by water on all sides with only 2 bridges out.
She makes me so happy!!!!
Good luck to everyone with papers & projects due this week. Also, be sure to check with your professor for the time and date of your finals!
?!?!?!? I'm just about to leave though!
Why is there not a radio station in Nashville, TN that plays bluegrass?
It's a good thing noone reacted to the situation in agar.
my dog is asleep
I think helpful for community not for art building. other ways to learn from audiences that are more helpful for that.
Retweet if u still up
"Assessment kills Innovation"
i need a run today bad!! thankfully it cooled down here a bit so its not 80 degrees when i'm done work.
haha, they always come back...
Now I tweet like everyday to get #oomf's attention.....
The Thirst is Real!
it was Sasha
Wow. It's like im at an actual comedy show in the pokanos!
LB i need you!!!! help a brotha out!
;> from the little I know already, it is a sweet and interesting story, indeed. I would gladly sit and listen to its telling.”
Change the way I viewed it
cant think of a better way to start out my Sunday mornings at work!
Jean Paul Gautier, we love you
Cancer Patients Suffer Unnecessary Pain
First leg of trip back to DC: Minneapolis to Philly. Hoping to avoid #flightdelays like yesterday.
That was easy lolololol
what would Austin like for his birthday?(: m..?(:
Communication & Collaboration link broken, please update we want to know!
I'm super excited about #photoshop #CS6 reading now about #Premiere #CS6 Is it time to think about a change from #FCP7 ??
Lady Gaga is performing at Radio City tonight and we just delivered some gloves for her entourage. Wish I could be there to see her perform.
Scared to eat but hungry
Funnest practice ever 😄 had to play in my Sperry's cuz I forgot my cleats
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 53
“: Just saw the new "One Shining Moment" does already have it downloaded?” ticked - isn't available yet!
I just noticed the picture you have. omg.... look at my new tweet under, you'll know who i'm talking about
my dad wants to go to the zoo with me and nicki.
I prob was a king in my past life lol
RT : I think I need to order breakfast before I commit murder. Bacon will fix this feeling, yes? << BACON FIXES EVERYTHING!
USAA sucks! A year post repair I find out USAA declared my classic Mustang salvage -- they never told me. How much value has it lost?
Billfold & Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - Official Selections at Wildwood Film Fest
UW-Whitewater up 36-26 at half. Final Four on the line.
Yeah - enough room to breathe. =)
I would love to be a mommy one day... #MothersDay thoughts :)
thanks! Hopefully I will see you at a show in LA!!
“: aw brittney I hope u get better :)” Aw thanks Becky :))
Two random pick-me-up visits in one day. Thanks and non-tweeting Michael Aldarondo-Jeffries. Love friends.
Auditions for Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant this Saturday 2/18 from 2p-9pm at the Crowne Plaza on City Line Ave in Philadelphia
This is the exact kind of drama our fans would love! Impossible to criticize most artistic team ever.
#FF happy Friday and thanks for sharing our Twitter Persona to the world.
My little hummingbird is chirping at me. Today is a good day :)
Yu let me fall
And why should you? That's just genuis at work.
omfg i miss summer camp you make me feel is on the radio😢💜
Going to the badger hockey game with
Really starting to cultivate some pauper quirks. Lately I've been stealing napkins from... everywhere.
Damn started with a few of my friends on twitter. Now it's the whole damn squad!!
Hey.. It feels wonderful to be off...this was great..
#iusetothink making music just wasn't for the money.
God Night Austin!!!!! I love you (:
My friends are the best: they totally let me write requests down and then they sang them!! Most awesome birthday karaoke if all time!!!
Can't wait for tomorrow w/ Olivia and my SIL =)
definitely feeling lost at times but I'm good overall.. A mixed bag means there's always room for good surprises :)
Yeah, not sure you can really afford to be any shorter than you already are.
I don't notice the switch between Mac and PC every day, except for when I try to copy or undo something. I wish I could Apple+Z my life.
shouldn't you be paying attention in class right now? 😉 just kidding, twitter is 103628711 times better!! 😊
Never slipping
Just got it in AQ vs A10 and board runs out 54645 for us to chop. Can't I just run normal? Grinding 15 bbs.
New 3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu coming up tomorrow. Stay Tuned!
how you dern ;)
lol yeah these my last weeks this way so just let me know .
I've finally ruined someone's life....
Can't sleep.
"You can't experience success beyond your wildest dream until you dare to dream something wild." - S. Sorrell
Part of an exhibition called "Descriptive Acts." Writers will document whatever happens in the room, in real time.
#Np D-Mac Haters
I be so high.... All this bullshit don't bother me...
Miami airport is negative degrees!
"It's not you; it's me. Really." [ Want to know the rejections that get me? The ones that start with "I loved this but .."]
nice!!! Yea I totally need sleep tonight so I was supa excited
I'll take a McAnything please.
There has never been so much pressure on ANY sports team in history as was on Canada's men's hockey team to win an event. Congrats Canada:)
Frantically nudging your bestfriend when a cute person walks by. ?
I don't think it's a joke at all. Just trying to keep his reputation up. :)
LALALALALA LA LOLA! have you liked us on fb yet? tell my gf shes hott!
unfortunately cannot - Coach Flan is starting up a camp at a local college in Cleveland - next year though
Jake's a bully
Only day 1 buddy, we'll see!
i want to go to fuddruckers .
you are the best and you will totally be awesome at crims tryouts today :)
way to go - so so so proud of you
Finals rly suck.!
Doctor's appt. at 2:30! Good to take 1 day off of basketball..ha.
It was great meeting and hanging out with some tweeps today, Had a great time as always
110 days until #LouisvilleFootball puts a jackhammer on that #UK ASS!
If you got a fuax hawk you should go lock yourself in a closet with a polar bear.
You are awesome! Thanks!
ON AIR NEXT<< Coast to Coast from 11pm-2am with James Colquhoun and and Daniel Vitalis on the food we eat. Also, stay tuned for...
Making new friends like at CA Consumer Protection Fnd. training in Oakland!
any news on what music might be there?
Harbaugh changes culture. Confident Smith enough to win 9 w timely defensive plays and MVPish Gore.
. will be our guest on tomorrow!
Moving day:D
Now I know who my true friends are and who will always be there for me and trust me. <3 couldn't ask for any other best friends.<3
Hoping for him to Unfollow me! You know who you are :) hahah
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins.
Twisted a Smurf-et for Angel and Shy's Birthday that I am dropping off in Lynn, Ma. along with two bags of balloon creatons
Thanks for your help spreading the word about this program! You guys rock.
I Was Honest And You Took That And Made A Scar.
Hey! How were the Turbo Fruits last night? Awesome, I hope. I just couldn't summon the energy after 4 consecutive nights out
somewhat proud of me. I love you more than you'll ever know. 💔
i definitely have to crash in maryville for at least a week. yall will have to show me what's new
I love the Starbucks table poachers hovering around waiting to dive in. It's like a sting operation complete with guys in a van listening.
Make Crazy Money
probably was.should of said hi! Congrats on new job, I did as well.
OUTTA NUTELLA....going to the store to get more...NOW!!!!Emergency!!!!
In order to win the race sometimes you just have to show up
68,000 people in the GA Dome and it will be rocking today. "Battle of the Bands" comes to town. #can'twaittobepartofit
happy to see casual gaming at #csw with I'm loving the concept story of audio cues, dogs are short can't see over the wheel
#Mediaho preemptive strike backfires! No show tonight after all, oh well, a lesson in PR on a Friday, at least there is
Just watched Exit Through The Gift Shop with followed by scrumptious burger at Mikeys. good transition break before off to work.
Hey! Any #physicaltherapists out there? What do you do to #motivate difficult patients?
Thanks! I'm honored!! {blush}
Support your local business on National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day. Qwip about your favorite local Mom and Pop and share with friends!
Glad you liked the post Rob and thank you for sharing it!
Thanks! I should have thought of checking the folder.
What time IS it?
Thanks for coming last night <3
oh yum! my favorite:)
that makes sense to me, lol. Save a lounger for me!
Gore wants to see
i hope the Saints bury the Falcons
: I feel happy that was brought to memory. :)
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
MAYA is making a special off-the-menu cocktail for the next Art Drinks: a grown-up version of Strawberry Lemonade. Try it on May 9th!
Devil. I should be joining you. Haha
haha don't hate bro. it's way too catchy
Happy Halloween Everybody! .....and the Vikings won yesterday! woo hoo!
It depends on the role of the API, how much of your product you intend to expose via an API, and on timing. Ahh, timing.
Class of 2012...Graduation is almost here! Congrats to all you SENIORS!
Left round table. On our way home noww>.<.
#WordPress #Tools Ajax Spell Checker – Uses a variety of dictionaries to spell check your posts.
Bring me one! “ Homemade burgers for lunch. #OhYess”
Nd I say hell yea hell yea fuckn right fuckn right alright!
Just following instructions? Isn't that unfair to math? I think there's a difference between "math sucks" & "I suck at math."
RT : 2011Review: Falconer's IPA « Beer and Coding in Eugene: I was going to start this post by referencing another beer...
"Keeper of Your Heart" by is perfection.
Slow start for the Pack. Already nervous.
This is what Twitter was built for — publicly coordinating powerwalks :)
I can't hear you so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question...
I miss those summer nights, when we would just lay outside looking at the stars<3
And the operator says "40 cents more for the next 3 minutes"/Please Mrs. Avery, I just gotta talk to her/I'll only keep her awhile--DR. HOOK
you're underachieving
My collaborator and I have pondered this a lot--to 501(c)3 or not? Leaning towards the "or not"...
Demi Is Our Flawless Queen. <3 - You can try and tear her down, you wont succeed. Demi is to amazing to listen to hate. :)
B very careful of who u give the title of "friend" too. A lot of ppl u probably call friends don't deserve it.
Not really sure what we're more excited for: opening day or Fish Fry...
Gracious God, as you walk with us through the days of Lent, surround us with the beauty of your rainbow and the magnitude of your love
Oh, u never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the lava?Please,tell me more about ur amazing childhood.”
yo she almost made me shout & cry tears of joy. I called his name bout 50 times cuh lol
nice! I am skipping this year.
K going to sleep now. Since Patrick kinda...uhm...well...fell asleep on the floor, lol.
please tell Ashley that the kids and I met one of the guys from Swamp People... I'm thinking she said y'all watch it! :)
FUCKIN EXITED FOR AN #ATTACKATTCK concert!!!
: Tell Jessie I said I hope she gets well soon.
I might be sleepy and whiney today, but it makes me happy when people call me to be their sober driver.
#ThursdayNightClass #LibrarySchool cant wait to be done with night classes!
Do The Pretty Girl Rock.
You might be the Star the World just hasn't Seen.
playing with my neighbors baby
The Wonder Years on Netflix!? What? There goes my Sunday afternoon
I Come home and watch spongebob #loser #YOLO 😜
how do I tell this lady her fur coat just it me when she walked past?
WORLD SERIES WORLD SERIES
Congrats to our USF baseball coach, Greg Roberts; named MCC's co-Coach of the year. Great job, Greg!
R-T if you believe in God. Remember He saw you reading this .
Making a yummy dinner. Can't WAIT to eat it!
Guardian gets it wrong in interpreting her message as an attack - I'd say healthy and much-needed skepticism
I can't post anything on FB. Is anyone else having trouble?
I LOVE YOUR TWEETS THEIR SO CUTE JUST LIKE U UR AMAZING #proud of u IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF U FOLLOWED ME BACK PLEASE <33333
whats her twitter name
Rewriting #SportingKC history...actually I'm editing the club's history for an interactive class project.
awesome film!!!!
link broke?
Great work! Shall we brainstorm and trade links?
idk!! But i really need to do something because im worring too much about things
we love the wine glasses! Thank you.
actually may 5th is, ops, but still, very close to it.
Live your dream no matter what it is. Noone is going to experience it but you. Never let your life be in someone elses hand
Uses of and representations of poetry online is the nexus of many online issues
no doubt...69 is that your favorite number?
Wednesday, do not tread on me. This is a warning.
Yawn...the NBA strike is over. Darn it, I was hoping for an April settlement.
i'm thirsty a'f, i need water.
RT this and receive a FREE DRINK on us this Saturday!
I must admit i love it when he calls me boss lady. Daddy you know wassup(In my beyonce voice:-)
thanks for the follow! you are AWESOME, i love We Got Us! :)
Why Is R.K. Wearing A Band Aid.? On The Cd Pictures.?
I supose I gotta get up and get ready for work. Ugh lol
or have your kids wear catcher's gear like I do.
RT - Former JMU star & Cleveland #Indians draft pick Jake Lowery won the Johnny Bench Award tonight as the top catcher i...
Almost to two weeks without soda or alcohol! My workouts have improved, but I really miss soda and alcohol.
I'm in love with it. And my roomies are awesome.
The basic fact about human existence isn't that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore.
So can't speak English right now and just said "stige dave" instead of stage dive...
Good Morning World.
Allgood Road UMC works closely with Allgood school in Decatur GA to collect food to distribute to community in need.
The week after spring break. Most of the full-time staff is gone at a conference. Clearly it's time for printers and databases to go down.
I don't know :/ we might not live in the same country lol
"The age of miracles, the age of sound this is a Golden Age, coming round, coming round" " Clap ur hands if u think ur soul is free"
We cant thank you enough Charlotte! Thanks for followin us!
I want to see a bunny with no fur like how do they squeeze through the tiniest effin holes when they look so fat an fluffy #dontgetit 🐰
Can't wait to get home... Long day
my email address is Please support homelessdogmusic.com.Site is not up yet.
oh yeah!
Thank you for the luv. I will have to look up ur music.
if you spoil the show for me Devlin will ONLY call you aunt.
HEY BRO IF YOUR IN DALLAS TONIGHT YOU NEED TO HIT INIQUITY FOR MY GRADUATION PARTY. IT'S GOING TO BE ALL THE WAY LIVE!!!!!
For a day, Hussey is the Chuck Morris of test cricket
Thanks! We are scheduled to open in late 2010. Your kind of excitement is exactly why we're building one in WA! cc
You can't expect to take a definitive image in half an hour. It takes days, often years.
Anything interesting happening today? Maybe some Facebook or Instagram news? Anyone?
Woo hoo! He is the total package! Go
Yeh. ms Rambler was subing for my english class and told me
When your heart becomes hardened sometimes the only way to fix it is to have your heart broken.
Philly we cominnnnnnngggg!
The wait is finally over!!! The Federal Hill League starts tonight at 6:30pm. Shirts will be given out tonight before the games. Please...
just sent a pro- #vegan email to #RushLimbaugh. why does being kind have be partisan?
both right now, xbox usually tho
better his parents know than to have him turn into some fast little tramp and catch something
NYC Taiwanese basketball tournament all day.
Who has kik?? (: if you do add me pres_marie14
How come overtones and undertones are the same thing?
nice to know that u r a beliver. please uphold me in ur prayer. thanks
Pacers game with the sisters :) leggo.
I am getting geared up for #ALA11 it's right around the corner. What fun things will you be doing in New Orleans?
We got this
RT : Just spent 30 min at the gym = 2 Tollhouse cookies. 12 more visits before I am back to even. Sort of...
theres enuff music out there to play some better ish! sum1 should start a nationwide petition to ban boring elevator music!
At the rusty bucket jus ate a sandwich :)
Jonathan Crary: "I would be dismayed if I prompted anyone to determine if Courbet owned a stereoscope."
because you act like you don't miss me back.
Big Bill congratulates his old nemesis, , on the opening of his bio-flick. For mine, I'm holding out for Clooney in a fat suit!
Grats to both of you!
“: I've done a lot of bad shit, god got even.” & For the price I had to pay I'd wish I'd stop breathing
its all about using the words even if it not those that are true.
Have a Nike day :)
Waiting in a long ass line for the men's room. So this is what women deal with.
Very cool! We just posted a link to your blog post in our blog!!
Call Sat evening or Sun after 9p. 6784684169
A #Tuesday that feels like a #Monday. I should go back to bed.
I really want Jack White's new album. Ugh
NEW TO THE MENU: Crepinette of Slagel Family Farms Whole Hog, Aerated Clam Chowder, Potato, Leek, Fried Belly Clam
8 year old sneaking my Smithsonian mag to read about Titanic under covers after bedtime=awesome.
i'm so bored.
Thanks to all who came out lets take all this energy and think Rhode Island avenue we can make it happen
Some GREAT thinkers frm
My 2:30 just cancelled, let's go down to Oakland Beach for a run I will pick you up now..?
Shout-out to our new Ayla fans!
Have a wonderful time :) Thanks again for using ShowClix Sara
I'm salty as McDonald's French Fries....
come make me a roast and we'll have a sweet viben time
good morning :)
Gum is taking itself way too seriously these days. An inspirational and anonymous quote inside the pack? I need Seth and Amy -- REALLY?!!?
"I cannot always control what goes on outside, but I can always control what goes on inside." Dr. Wayne Dyer
Law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Director of Student Recruiting Michele Hayes today 10/12 from 2- 6pm in Drexel Univ. Armory
My grandpa fixed his Harley, Yes!
Your goals should be of such importance that just reading it elicits excitement, desire and a willingness to do whatever it takes.
don't blame you. I plan on ~splurging on a beer after work today.
I hope Phil pulls a Van De Velde, Mcilroy, Watney or Dustin Johnson tomorrow. Final round 79 would be nice.
3 more minutes until I hit the PS3 for some Mass Effect 3.
#np pretty Ricky - grind on me.
Fuq homework I'm going to sleep!
I should of been sleeping until the apocolypse smg
'You drown us in misery'...
Peer of yours wrote a fun paper about it last semester; I just have to stop staring at old things long enough . . .
he's awesome! I just felt asleep lol
Whoo! Hey, everyone, meet our Data Services librarian! RT : Hello twitter!
Shout out and HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Enjoy your day! Be Blessed, im looking forward to spending more Bdays wit u :-)
Happy Earth Day!
I just don't understand... Can someone explain this to me.
It's your baby fingers(:
our website is also under construction. Good luck in July! Keep us updated about your progress!
I think it's catchy! No denying it's in same vein as Mumford & Sons etc. that's blown up lately tho.
Work hard on your weaknesses so they can become a strength.
Don't you love it wen yor presents pisses sum1 off gotta lov that power!
nine-sixteenths of a second.
Sheriff's Office: Due to heat, last two weeks jail capacity hovering at 98.7%. Has gotten attention of DoJ monitor.
What's the point of havin' a rapier wit if I can't use it to stab people? Jeph Jacques
nah son if you don't know what REAL fans do what you think MY company logo colors are buddy? NOT NO SNICKS THROWBACK COLORS
Fab! Seems like everyone who's seen Schmekel says that! Can't wait for the show
#rimshot RT : Q2 "System root password, all admin privileges, $60k a year, and all the Mountain Dew I can drink. Deal?"
411GreenWave on the hunt for a HUGE solar thermal system in LA. Here we go!
Good morning. Today has some excellent potential... Keep you posted!
Your blog posts have the wonderful & bracing effect of reminding how very little I know about many things. In this case: JavaScript.
All I want to see is a sky full of lighters
Everywhere! But especially the Arts RT : Poll: Where do you see women in innovation?
The giving of love is an education in itself.
night my tweetlings turning of my laptop for a new day tomorrow , shitss going dowwnnn<3
On the first day of 2012, I've spent an hour making faces at myself in the mirrior, atet way to many left overs from last night...
never fear the "said bookism." Sneer, cackle and growl unapologetically
Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. :)
Right?! It was the strangest thing. I almost told him to leave the bar, I thought he was so silly.
My last tweet was 4 days ago? Seems like its been longer...
RT : Whatever Robert DeNiro said to Michelle Obama couldn't possibly have been as offensive as his performances of the last...
I swear I have never heard Joe Johnson speak. Does he ever talk?
barely be on this but need to start being on here...ugh ashame...
The commercials during the Grammys tonight SMOKE the Super Bowl commercials.
Movie tickets special promotion $6 "The lincoln layer" to buy your ticket visit www.tncnews.com
We love this Sunshine!!!
Twitter made me burn the pancakes.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the "I" from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash. Use alternate routes to bypass.
NANANANANANANANA NANANANANANANA. WHO SAYS WHO SAYS YOU'RE NOT PERFECT WHO SAYS YOU'RE NOT WORTH IT?!! blah blah. Glad I could help
follow me!
Hate sleeping alone! <<<<<
Magic's GOTTA throw out the first ball on opening day!
Totally wanna do that Go Ape zip-line thing. My coworker's daughter is an instructor there. Looks terrifyingly awesome! haha
yes! We were melting! How did you survive.
When asked what my past times are I usually say movies, yoga and hiking but what I mean is masturbate, masturbate and comedy.
RIP Virginia Ho, 2012? #willmissmyfriend RT : Can we put the word "ho" (in all it's forms) to rest in the 2012?
Water bottle, Kindle, work nametag, bento box full of food, empty tupperware, notebook, lollipop, misc biz cards, pens, marker, candy, meds
I didn't follow that. So you are not supporting him now?
#NP Chris Brown ft Rihanna - Turn the music up
We're exploring ... who has used that effectively to engage visitors?
I'll always hold you in my heart. You're something special.
Anxiously awaiting to hear the results about the internship positions this week. It is a competitive field out there.
More probs with #OSXLion this time with audio. Sound when I change volume but not in Chrome. + iTunes wouldn't load - audio error. Huh??
I'm so pissed at my hair. I need a haircut. It's too long.
BITCH nigga ypu got mhy money i dont got yours so watch how the fuck you coming at me . its been how long nigga ???
did you get a chance to listen to those tracks last night i sent ?
Without giving too much away. That was just athleticism. Wait til they start scheming him.
I'm looking forward to the show (full performance of the "Lincoln" album with Jonathan Coulton opening), but the crowd size is discouraging.
Get well soon.
someone just needs to photoshop a "king douche" crown onto it.
it just changed all the sudden last night while I was using it.
You too!
Yoouuuuu and I (: Love you too
Why am I getting sick again!?! C'mon man!
Lord I pray I do well on this makeup test
A new day Dawning...
Holy....people still develop for and own webOS products? Just had a developer register two apps with us.
Indiana n Miami gonna be a dog fight? Haha shut up Chuck
Gotta find something to do today!
What if we only offered it for a $1, but threw in Texas as a bonus item?
Oh, baby, take your shoes off<3
panther no panth, I'm going thwimming.
We're all deeply connected. We take in what others have done & make it our own by contributing something new in our own distinctive voices.
This person manages a five billion dollar budget & she only gave $25,000.00 to this foundation! What the hell!
It's all LOVE!
Thanks for the follow. We would love to see some digital Japanese #stamps displayed And the #letters of Japan too
What is your #1 Fit2Go dessert?
Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no lies.
What are you plans for the holiday? It's not too late to plan a family get together. Keep an eye out for PINC's holiday planning guide...
Who kidnapped Bubba Ray and replaced him with this guy that's actually in shape?
how bout sheff pushn a blak benz now tints n sounds puld up on me like look were them flyers got me lmao
Ok, someone tell me... why post a tweet with a Link to the Tweet? what gives? /confused
Every article I write from now on will have the #iPad hashtag so that millions of people will find it and generate ad $$$$ for
I've been thinking about doing something on the Irish post office in late 18th c. but need to get back in the archives!
We preach that we are about defense and not points, but everyone gets frustrated by missed layups. Huge positive is we took 3 charges.
Yo Ice Cube, call the next friday movie" TGIF", and bring smokey outta rehab...
RT Ain't my only one but I'll make you my main girl. -little cocky there buddy. lol.
Later Seattle, it's been real.
I'm shocked at how little information professionals know about the web, technology, and copyright. Or maybe I'm not.
#MillionDollarListingNewYork is THE most entertaining of the reality shows. Can't get enough.
Ace of Cups tonight to celebrate a 30th birthday. Two Cow Garage on the bill.
Nice #html5 site upgrade by , #NewPandora. Design helps keep Pandora free with more ad space. Will users mind the larger ads?
have to go with Messi. He has fans in his home country plus his current/former teams. Reach of soccer more than NBA
We're in the process of regaining a friendship, why the hell are you still finding ways to piss me off?
oh you son of bitch
Will do! I appreciate it man! RT just stumbled across your work. very impressive! keep it up
I really really really love
Anyone who says Kush is btter then sour <<<
...prepare to be mildly impressed.
I at least like how you starting to find yourself, and not have to copy me all the time. -_-
headline is important but old schools news obviously doesn't get the web. Delay is probably intentional to build suspense.
#Heartattack Hepatitis Rates Soar Among IV Drug Users , Study Finds Title: Hepatitis Rates Soar Among IV Drug Users , Study Finds Category:
Riddles in class!
.....it's already closed. Sorry!
Had a blast playing with the other night. new songs are coming out amazing as well. Almost ready to release some of them!
Haven't hung out with Larry for awhile. Hard to believe I actually kinda miss him.
Jfk->sfo! Will miss the warm nights and sunshine and
I really need this summer to get my priorities in check & make goals.
text me girl..
hell yea where you at
Alright, one more chapter & then I'm going to bed..
Rep. Hottinger: "This issue has generated many emails." Why yes, yes it has...
20 minutes in and Algeria vs US is scoreless (with another controversial disallowed goal against the US) and England is up 1-0 on Slovenia
At least your lived one is ALIVE and you know where s/he is.
You don't need to look beyond these five categories, ever
haha so true
when are you going to come to ny ? (:
brainstorming session for a new client who owns several hotels and restaurants around Indianapolis....should be a fun project!
a gift.
Remember, SWAG = Sex With Alex Gaskarth.
Just turned Red Dawn on at work
Y'all had me WEAK The WHOLE ride to the airport!!!! #CLASSIC!!!! LMAO!!!!
If the weather is bad wait a minute it will change
dude I can't wait to see that movie. It looks awesome! No sarcasm intended
My dads letting me blast 1D in the car and he likes them!
2 for 1 Homegrown tickets today at Calkins Wegmans tasting (1-4). Come see Jaime and me and have a beer.
Hear Hear!
“: watching event! Get involved! Tune in!” yes ! watch nbc7sandiego at 7 am pdt
A tad worn out from craigslisting wedding stuff. Still, it's an interesting way to inventory while cleaning house at the same time.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 27
Thanks - it's from the in my hometown, Detroit.
LOL great analogy!
Looking for a new sports writing gig? Sports site looking for new writers? Check out
But you can totally send me a drawing in Draw Something while u lounge
Feeling like everyone is ready to win bundles today on stars, let the sweat begin!!!! Go
We do, but only if our bread is in it!
doing well, Meg, thanks. It's been fun watching your success; it's been a while but congrats on becoming a Mom. Stay well
oh our dear anne zald's assessment talks keep getting the sleepy morning slot. what's up with that?
2012 indianapolis Flower and Patio show. Through Sunday. Call LEGACY for free tickets.
Landlord refuses to fix serious leak? That's insane. Any provision in the lease?
I really enjoy Byrne's Fantastic Four run to about #250. But, all that drama from #257 to Reed's trial in #262 is good too.
"Liberal" should be an adjective to describe a type of policy, not a noun used pejoratively. It degrades the discourse.
Thank you live music for forcing me to understand that certain things don't matter at all. At. All.
“: My chinese friend died last week. So Yung.” lmao
Managers got me fucked!
Manchester City wins English Premier League title JPMorgan CIO who will be kidnapped with Justice
Really?! I need to watch.
Freaking hot
Oh, you're right. It's basically the latest weigh in plus or minus the lbs gained or lost. But might be able to fit it back in.
I wanna go for a walk.
girl you know you want to be on planes where those uniforms are. #emirates is the best flight you've ever been on.
lol im back at ember thursday nights!!
Yes, you are correct RT : it's true! also nebulas are kinda sexy. am i right?
Watching the Yankee's Game with Dad:) Text the cell:). 13 more days(Field days),17 more days(XC), 35 more days(School)
Reading between the lines
Final bubble filled in on my ballot! Probably will wait until election day to walk it in, but still feels good.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Duos, Fat Sammies, West Coast Taco
Saying Orton is the best chance to win for Denver is like saying Bettie White is a cure for male impotency...
Lunch....thin sliced roasted turkey with mayo rolled in iceburg lettuce.
#Ethiosoccer will be in DC ------> follow for more info
extreme cardio, cut diet, supliments, and heavy lift'n
that means when u do move to Miami, you would need to take down all of your posters and you would need to change your P.O Box
“: People with big smiles live longer.” don't know if I believe this .. Does this mean they are happier
People with Asperger's Syndrome :)
55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.
Stop by our booth tomorrow at Women Of Faith in SanAntonio!! Lookin for all the Austin girls!
Happy Thanksgiving too all!!
I miss hearing you on the radio in NY <3
this is the 3rd date i've tried getting VIP for, and this is the only one i've gotten luck for. i feel super lucky. thank you!
facebook fan? friend request us Js Edwards mens
gave me goosebumps when I saw the love tag!
Vinny Can You Follow Me! You're An Inspiration To Me You Make Me Feel Like A Real GRANDER! I'm An ICONic Girl! 4Eva
nice! good for u, bae. enjoy it ;)
we're getting ready to head to #chicago bridal market - what are you looking for in gowns/bm dresses? your input helps decide what we order!
"You jump, I jump, remember?" -Titanic
I can't believe I live wit this Guy
I see what you mean Thanks, that gives me something to think about!
Who named Milton, Hutchinson, & Overton streets in RegSq? All were 17th C english radicals.
are you working for groupon now? :)
None of our 3B's make that play.
i forwarded you my hip-hop recording artist precise dirty version for his single "it's on me" and his bio/publicity photo.
TGIF! Off to see one of our favorite designers Carson Clark of Carson Clark Design. Lovely lady with lovely design talent.
Wow, the palladium is incredibly beautiful.
R.I.P. Parks and Recreation.
im tuned in have you checked out my video blog on youtube? www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
Now I'm setting up some circles to follow people.
Never lol RT I HATE YOU
So jells! RT : Going to go try out my new fancy ass showerhead.
Shes a girl with her mind set on a boy who was never sure.
I wanna take a walk in the neighborhood
Lmao RT": Say something else and these balls slamming on yo forehead ."
I been woke : day one of the switch up is here
Broiling some smoked sausage and fryin some french fries
she's pointing at the camera like excuse me who r u
Obsessed with #VitaCoCo :)
of meeting someone new!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
I'm so sorry :(
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Waiting for the final changes on the mix, working on the artwork. The new record is almost here!
Questions I ponder: Why is Suge knight still walking the streets when we all know that he had something to do with the murders?
Also, chck out that pic on the background. That's from your roof top garden. Jakes will even deliver to you while you gaze...
Was that tweet to me LOL
New blog post submitted about the HUD-mandated count of homeless people that happened here in the San Diego. We counted, did you?
Watching YouTube videos till I knock out 😒
im broke, suspended all week, and im facing charges for assault and battery, buying you a ticket is the last thing on my mind LOL
RT : "What are your Miller Park pet peeves?? SportsRadio " No place to set down a drink in the Women's bathroom stalls!
coincidence that my company and i launch new websites on the same day? yes, actually, it is. check out new boozallen.com!
Thanks for joining us last night!
yea a rare time i agree w. That loud mouth
New week, same locations! Stop by Schlitz Park near Manpower today for all your Haute Taco needs!
$BLOAQ absolutely nuts!
Deadline for choosing is TOMORROW! Please spend a few minutes tonight voicing your choice for the future of San Diego! It's easy!
Sorry... I wish I had better news.
Wow! Doing GREAT with #HCG! :D RT to answer your question, I've lost 10 lbs in ten days and my hubby has lost 21 lbs.
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio with tonight at 7:40 p.m. MT
Klinsmann the MAN!
It's Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby day. Tequila or bourbon? I'm so conflicted!
Will the power relationship shift through obsequiousness, or through non-toleration & challenge?
At 14 years old, I decided to take the bus & subway to SOHO. That experience made me realize the world was bigger then the "BLOCK" ...
we should make a kit. We'd be rich.
er I meant newborn :) no sleep, brain no work.
Go visit in FL, CA, NY, or MA to pick up a pair of your very own moccasin booties! so cute! Best part? They go with everything :)
well idk im gonna try to.do 5 but the other 4 im.gonna get that shit of google
Incredibly impressive Biz pitches 's BYOBB lots of smart entrepreneurs in Philly!
I can't stand people sometimes.
Got home & fave Prince song came on when I parked, gonna stay right here & jam til it's over "act your age not your shoe size.."
u still up
I didn't say enough. NO ONE IS LIKE YOU
I want too party
Were you drumming at a protest today?
The Law of Attraction is really all about following what feels good.
Scandalous kids these days.
Just made another movie! Can you say addicted?
no problem <3
I know these predictions always turn out premature, but I just really don't think I'll ever be down with the name "BuzzfeedShift"
Ha! If you'd had enough beers you probably wouldn't have felt it! RT : Either an aftershock or we've had too many beers.
GMAB ... Give Me A Beer
any time love:) do me a favor?
Someone stole my girlscout cookies but ima find out who it was & they're going to pay me back!
I will do pal. I'm only picking winners when I go. Did you go to the Darby game on Monday?
Nice that we finally get winter in March.
lmao well yea if the fans appear as soon as they tweet something about where they are and they're in their face
Couple new flavors of arizona teas coming in tomorrow, make sure to check them out
Watching play their final game. These guys are good.
Hmn . If this bitch woulda played her cards right no one would be in a mess but what do u think I'm afraid for? Cause I'm not.
A good lesson that no one has learned .
Great conversation. Great night for
Thank God Just To Be Alive!!
RT "Obama didn't inherit the economy. He asked for it, campaigned for it, spent $MM to get it and promised to change it!"
I feel like I had something to do tomorrow. I can't remember what it was.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom
Finally going to see the new ohio union today... First, shopping in polaris
I'm not surprised! You organized!
- Congrats to you all, Jesse!
The most sexual song on the radio right now is "Up - LoveRance" smh
This really sucks.
Did someone mention "BEER"?
#sxsw Okerville River kicking off. A Amazing sound. Cave Singers were super just prior. F R E !
Always looking for volunteers behind the scenes, and right now looking to grow our onstage talent. Contact:
I don't wanna be lazy anymore 😞
LOLZ RT : Glad I wasn't on Twitter earlier when everyone was being annoying about some soccer game.
They would show a dog pooping in Puppy Bowl VI!
it sure wont be a hit
Congratulations to for advancing to the champions league final. #bishop #hailhail once a tim always a tim.
Listening and watching an EBSCOhost for TexShare training on eBooks. Love it!
Several million lonely beasties we be.
NFL announces distribution of Legacy Fund designed to support retired players.
Tell Ty I love him and want to pet him! hahaha
Im mad theres no girls at my work
#RealTalk. "I want to die the way I was born: naked, alone and inside someone's vagina."
No doubt. You have the same number right?
Enough to put Smith on the ground? Sorry, Jake. A light breeze can do that.
haha we better my dude !
Whatever Austin. You creep on every girl, and I'm tired of it.
I shouldn't have to guess whether you feel the same or not..
Hell yeah! Glad you dig it!
They still gotta come home and play us it's cool!
I loved "Boy and His Blob"! I was wondering if they ever were going to do a remake of this game! Lol
thank you!
Lost cell signal during call. #gotmetro'd
Do women prefer lower body weight training vs. upper body? To all our ladies out there…which do you prefer?
Pizza land Fans, Mark your Calendars, JULY 1st 2011, PIZZA LAND DAY, (1st anniversary). great Deals, prize give aways and Fun times ALL DAY!
bitch ian ask you if you was interested lmaooo you cant help that shit if you interested dumb ass bitch
yeah... It would probably be one of those "work from home" kinda days. Haha. Good luck with that.
he is great! ! U can babysit one day lol
I need to run to Target real quick 🐶🎯 but my mom is not tryna bring me
perhaps an appropriately timed skynard ringtone?
It's what makes conventions tolerable.
Crazy how we can blame global warming on the store Spencer's.
I just need somebody to loooovvee. I -i dont need too much, just somebody to love.
Bye bye, Dukies!
awesome! I can do everything from social media, marketing, graphics, audio, pr, etc..so let me know!
Every one go follow he is very sexy and follows back.
Wajcman says that one reason she chose to look to families is because most other studies focus on youth...
It's time to surrender your Wednesday only
If I Follow U N Ur Not Down With Superior Apparel Ur Gettin Dropped QUICK!
ready for our first spring break in PCB #PartyPass puh-lease?
Send your query to YEN group in ISTE12 NING or Community NING
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Failure isn't an option.
Can you recommend any love stories this Valentine's Day?
First rule to remember: Don't ask for my phone number then hang up..I might not answer the next time...:)
I could tell by your last tweet haha (; You're going to the meeting today right?
How is everyone this fine Sunday morning?
#Wondering if the possibility of Zimmerman getting 16yrs is enough justice. Will the case even go to trial? Unanswered questions. Answers?
Oh, oh! Lovely to see you, FastLaugh. Has been *ages! :o) You've been missed.
that is one over whelming trait/Skill.,, good 4 u. Enjoy. “: I thrive on awkward moments...”
Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
Damn right I love the life I live because I went from negative to positive.
r u serious Bubba?? What a shot!
Be sure to join our free email newsletter for some nice specials being announced this weekend, January 7&8
I need someone to read me a bedtime story :)
i can't imagine that there is audio recording/synthesizing software less complicated than garageband even on an ipad...
Maybe I should reconsider shooting people off stage. The music isn't working. We need more cowbell.
I can't wait to finish off this tea so I can get another. iz not so gratez acshully. =P
WRs w/ value this year: Decker, Avery, Laurent, Aroma, C. Mitchell, Hagan, DHBust
I mean this: reading Chekov is like having new skin grafted onto you. Once read you can't lose him.
Left my phone somewhere. . .so, if you are looking for me, I'll be checking in online.
no i havent :/ hopefully i will this year :)
so happy about that!
you already know.....smh
Why am I so fckin tired?
plz answer me
Lookimg for affluent waterfront, black communities -- can you help me find them?
so excited to see Emily on Bachelorette tonight!
met with the hotel staff this am, prepping for
They say good things come to those who wait.
Thunder up!!!
I have got to stop watching this, in other news day 14 done.
We are playing tons of shows in July, August and September. Check our website for details. www.wearestockoptions.com
im gong to FCW then.
Khalyse keeps me moving everyday i will nvr change being being a.mother for nfn
right ... I don't think post-pub comment meant to follow any specific model, so some kind of managed commentary is your . ?
can't bring myself to vote for a democrat. There is no viable 3rd choice...
I truly will see you guys at bronner brothers
Going to Nashville today! Gonna look at a new engine for my Z build, and do some shopping =) can't wait!
Alexa's Instagram:
your funny ass hell homies yhu got me weak im dieing over here.
My attempt to create bread pudding out of stale chocolate cupcakes was.... a success!
.... I meant " and I can't wait for you to come visit!!"
Fieldwork planned for today. I just feel better on days I know I am going to do fieldwork.
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.
Happy 18th Birthday, Beautiful Daughter #1 !!!!
Getting some amazing arrivals this week ! , , !
Hey mike. I'm trying to get involved with ODC tech team. Worked with kenny back nov/dec on some stuff, looking to get back in loop.
RT : Hmm... I thought I was a sub guy, but apparently I'm actually a hoagie guy. Pittsburgh is the gift that keeps on taking!
Steel is real after all!!!
Happy Mothers Day!
it is worth a thousand words
This Summer Has Been Very Eventful , And I'm Thankful For Every Bit Of It ! <3
BEST way to begin your TUESDAY??! Come join me for Extend&Restore + Asana Sculpt Beverly Hills
Girls on Facebook: "getting starbucks with jenny!" 2 minutes later: 141 pictures and 6 videos uploaded.
For so many, the biggest obstacle to success is self-sabotage. Fire yourself up! Open to receive!
Somebody take to to this year oh god.
hanging out at the bar is just not as much fun anymore it is more fun to go to dinner with you one person
Off to class.
The smell of the beach 👍
you are extremely cute and talented!!! :) please follow me you would make me really happy thanks <3 Ti Amo! <3
"Nothing unites people like a common enemy." Question fear-based rhetoric.
Im sitting here writen part 5 :)
One point is equal to 1 percent of the principal, so on a $150,000 loan, each point costs $1,500.
right? I'm real peleonera all of a sudden! Lol.
Lombardi wishes one of its biggest fans...the great actor Jack Klugman, a happy 89th birthday. Jack joined us on opening night!
Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy - Margaret Thatcher
Way to go John! “: Getting updates on my kid's karate performance at Jr Olympics in Las Vegas. First round of kara- win!”
How was the comedy fest?
Hate Liars.
big ed fr twin peaks is in this stephen king werewolf thing. how fun
thanks. I caught that last minute change... See you in an hour.
Kyaa~ Sounds lovely. I'm crossing my fingers I get a Kindle for Xmas/birthday--I've got books coming out my ears these days.
wtf u even want weave for u got a massive amoun of hair u donr need no weave woman!
call yo moms you know how that goes. Automatic loss for you. Tell em I said hey by the way.
When people constantly smell like cigarette smoke
Yea I gave up on the sober life last weekend
Tom Luna from ID: "Most important factor in education is the teacher in the classroom."
Just took the train 40 blocks uptown to the nearest bookstore so I could buy the last hunger games book. #thingswronginthistweet: EVERYTHING
New website launch Sat. April 30th. Tons of new 2011 designs, easier checkout, lighter, softer shirts and more. Get excited!
"Flat Tax Willard"! I could only be so fortunate.
I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself. - R. Buckminster Fuller
Oh boy
Strep throat is bad.
#Brewers lose 5-2. Brewers fall to 12-15 on the year.
Linkedin now has 85 million members and is adding a new member every second
i didn't buy you the corn dog..hahaha
love you<3 and i totally just voted for you guys(:
Know your roots cinco.
There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way. – Christopher Morley
he's been phony supportive all night.
boo what the fick you starin' at mither fucker. may i help you.
would you lie with me and just forget the world
Omg is retweeting so much meek mill shit into my timeline lolol
Chilly start gave way to a beautiful Easter morning ride.
#spiceworld is on... Who said Monday's sucked?
Dear bands, if you don't have a Bandcamp or Soundcloud page, please get one. I don't care about social networking stats.
Debating whether I can crank out a new song in the next hour or so.
It's easy for me, I operate as independent contractor, so all expenses are direct to my taxes. No one to answer to
OMG you recorded it?!? YOU'RE A ANGEL OMG
#OnlyABadNeighbor complains about Michael Jackson being too loud. Hopefully mine share that opinion.
thanks for the pic!! Glad you came out to watch! :-)
Patagonia. Love it so much! :)
:) pick me please
We'll be performing two new songs
If you want that six pack abs, you must eat right and exercise. No amount of sit-ups will reduce the amount of fat around your mid-section.
We hope you had a great time here last night! Happy belated birthday!
you are welcome! How is your thesis coming along?
Been listening to music for some new entrance music ideas
"Your last name is Richey. Are you rich?" Far from it.
I look stupid. Haha our memories there <3 haha
And still designing :)
Excellent idea
thanks for the tweet, donna! appreciate it :)
Thanks for your vote to #PreserveNYC! Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
same thing happened to that #iranelection fad :/
just came up with an "epic" idea with and for the kentucky show ... so excited for it !
Every 45 seconds a cannabis smoker is arrested and people wonder why we're paranoid.
Pre #artofbeer jitters. I've been up Since 530 am thinking of all the rare beers, food, and friends coming today
"name this rock."Agro crag."
"Holiness" is always a result of recognition of the love we are given and not our own achievements or efforts.
Cool. I'll check out your gear when I can get to my Mac.
haha ^_^ I'm gonna order some off of eBay :D
RT I wish I had the confidence of commenters who are proud to tell you they didn't read the entire article they're commenting on.
Almost blew away on our walk from T&M to Paradise Cantina. Some pre game beers and food with !
#raw10 Left Behind Creator said that Pres. Obama was making the Rapture come quicker, n here I thought having Him on a cross was going 2 far
have had one for 36 hours and still going :(
Clark "Mouth" Devereaux - Con Las cucarachas!
he always says it when I'm in the car and I yell at him all the time haha
great jokes? not possible
Shoulda left your feelings at Facebook , this is Twitter c:
That's worthy of a new hash tag / meme-thing...:
Up to six inches in some places is expected.
VCU is trending in the U.S. now
These little FF's are the best. appreciation! RT: #FF”
#Head like a hole just played on the radio. Made my drive so much more fun :-)
Off to bed on this note
Laundry and shower. Breakfast tomorrow morning with momma, and then my little brothers baseball game!
i just checked my local tv listings and it does indeed appear that Green Bay is not playing tonite.
GC Tip: Plan ahead! Check the weather, think about traffic, look up directions, and plan what you'll wear in advance!
Feeling good today need a drink 🍸
if you don't like Jump Around by House of Pain... you don't like to have fun.
Kindle edition of Columbia UP translation of Saussure's Cours de linguistique générale available.
Hey , I've got a question for libchat. If you had $1000 to spend on c-dev, what would be your can't-miss titles? Esp YA stuff.
I love this! -->RT : Mike Barber. Runs healthy imagination for GE. " Health care is a team sport."
This weekend only! Head to Brothers on Friday or Saturday and Unleash the Madness for giveaways and more!
is attending "Why Memorial Day?" A Discussion at AEI.
Apparently I share a birthday with Elmo. But Oscar is still my favorite.
im alright love im livin...
quotesforsuccess.tumblr.com <---- New quote blog that i made, #followthatshit make me tumblr famous? ahaha
$300 for the signed Mike Schmidt baseball!
ur pretty!! have fun, mine starts 10am;)
“: Who was Metta passing to?” To God for a miracle.
just u wait....
Gods Word will inspire you
This is definitely and issue you will need to check! haha
If u be urself anything is possible!!!! Nite
not too many more people besides us know what it REALLY is, once a snitch always a snitch
There are 2 kinds of yogis. The ones who say namaste and the ones who say sot nom.
Million Hoodie March founder talking social and news.
What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived
Relieved to know that James Moustafellos is speaking Greek and I didn't just become disoriented.
Tears, tears, mo-frackn tears! wtf!
Turn around. I'm in the door. :)
LMFAO JAY PARK
Always remember somebody's life is worse than yours. So be thankful for what you have.
Thanks for the follow fam!
my friends are now calling me bubbles...and some say that im a stalker
Thank You
I AM SO READY FOR BELIEVE!!!!!!!! :D I love you <3
Last day of class as an undergrad
A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one.
ok idc lol he a non-factor? Why he in the convo lol. But wyd?
dudes, thank you.
RT : "2 build a mass-based feminist movement, we need 2 have liberatory ideology that can b shared w/ EVERYONE." - bell hooks
NSOs and Refs have been introduced, Rotties have just finished their intro, on with the Maulers.
RT : i always put my hands on my hips in pics because it is a scary sight if i don't
Too much Halloween candy? Take 5 days to wean yourself off sugar & refined carbs by eating lots of fresh fruit and veggies instead.
I am less agitated with Timeline today...Oops, I mean I love Timeline a little more today than yesterday.
Finally joined the , ! Very excited to be "going steady" with one solid professional org., rather than dating around, wondering.
It's really aggravating, isn't it? They need to start selling them unwrapped, in trays of twenty-four!
Don't be afraid of what you don't know, be afraid of what you don't want to learn.
Apologies -- problem fixed.
… but if you're not taking on that commitment, it's much cheaper to define maintenance as what you need to support your UI
good luck to the NEST + M chess team on Monday at our CIS MLK Jr. Day Tournament at FDA- we have 1100 students pre-registered!
More hockey, then Yanks vs Angels for a bit, then time for #GameofThrones !!
You Know He's Special When No Matter What Kind Of Mood Your In , He Still Manages To Make You Smile
Yeah.. Do black people and porn mix ?
Its here we ready!!! RT : I cant wait till tomorrow...
I'm already picking out my outfit im way too optimistic :-)
Hahaha... ok McCain voters... NOW what do you think? This is comical!
people who are hating on you are so immature and they just need to get a life. I love you cady <3
What's for dinner? Is there an open invitation for the Tampico family? ;)
Do you know any crafts that use recycled materials? If so, let us know! It may be used in our "Make Your Own" Late Night!
Nothing but Beastie Boys trending! Love it!
I don't get it..
I'm renaming my daughter LeSean.
Perhaps with the new funding will send out some more invites. I even requested with my corporate email, which I almost never do
Thanks for sharing...would enjoy seeing numbers/assumptions associated with said econometric models!?!
2 point loss. Damn :(
Geo has got to stop pulling everything. At minimum he needed to get that runner to 3B.
Hulu's "Battleground" is surprisingly good.
#Big12 RT The ACC's highest revenue maker (Florida State) made less money in 2011 than 9 SEC schools and 7 Big Ten schools.
sounds awesome! Lots of real friendly guys there too! Haha RT : Working in the keys on Wednesday. Get to stay overnight.
Someday I'll actually have a relationship and omg my boyfriend is gonna hate me. Haha.
yo how did the joint out in BK go last weekend?
This Is For : *on the phone* A:you okay Katelyn? Y: ya but i'm alittle sick A:awh babe, do you think you need a doctor? (c)
Somewhere on earth Steven Curtis Chapman is weeping Hirschy and YOU are to blame!
Tell Me I'm A Screwed Up Mess. <3
Got a preview copy of #PaulMcCartney 's new CD. "My Valentine" Paul, #EricClapton, perfection.
JOHNNY IS AWESOME!!!!!!! INSPIRATION <3
Amen. RT And give me my damn data (RAW) so I can get someone else's opinion too.
Barbara Streisand Record Marathon!!! ...of throwing them around my room with bucket
lmao well they could be dating..Its more obvious now since she posted a picture of them 2;)
Saw an interesting FB post, lamenting about how FB is getting more "my-space like". Interesting timing on the day of FB's IPO.
do I send my presentation to you?
Lol Alexis was picking on the way I talk (:
#PRETTYLITTLETHINGS is premiering in Germany on May 21st @ Circus Maximus in Koblenz
Facebook creepers can't poke my twitter.
"I'm just here to win and have a good time." - Prince Fielder
tuhh on my way
3 minutes!!!! *excited*
thank you bootiful:)
's Hall of Fame Librarian and Librarian of the Year are ~both~ former OPLIN Board members. Just sayin'
At the Bridal Bizaar in San Diego...so many gorgeous displays! Fun stuff! Makes me want to have another wedding!
Oh, Anonymous LinkedIn User. You are like Sasquatch. You intrigue me. But I am not sure you really exist.
it's like that saying goes. "When life gives you lemons, put those lemons in a bourbon barrel and wait 6 months."
Starting classes in June! Have evening broker class too! Go to www.TuckerSchool.com for more info!
It doesn't, but I also know there is some1 there looking for a roommate if u wanna go cheap...
IF YOU WERE MY BOYFRIEND ID NEVER LET YOU GO
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I love Gaga.
Happy New Year, Had a fucking great time last night. let's make shit happen in 2010.
Yesterday I enjoyed a sherbet colored sunrise. Today, the clouds are here. It feels more like March now.
most adults kinda agree
It's Friday afternoon, the skies are clear and the weather is unseasonably warm. Have a great weekend tweeps!
"Cause I'm a lover, not a fighter. But I'm battling a heavy heart. Yeah I'm battling a heavy heart."
Rep. Barbara Lee (D) CA: "These raids undermine the ability of states to faithfully implement the will of their voters."
I think it's impossible for chefs to really hate any kind of produce! Like paint on a palate.
in the studio!
Wow, thanks! : I'll say it again: is a traveler's dream.
is sewing vegetables.
I WILL be the next Bad Girl on .Can't Wait to give the World a Real taste of BAD* These girls... #BGC8 Lol
I miss getting rts from you :(
"If you are not prepared to be wrong, you will always be afraid to be creatively right!" — DJohnson T&B
Coming up this Thursday, August 18th: Fashion Day & Mixer: 330 Miracle Mile in Coral Gables 6-9PM. Hope to see you there!
I felt like i was in the 1920's. An experience I've never had until tonight!
Mother loves to talk about her soap operas with my sister...
amazon.com or bolajitijaniqudus.com
A class on science fiction and the gothic. Leguin's intro was a sharp segue into the movie. How'd they like LHOD? Compare notes?
Need a new case for my 📱. Any recommendations? Small and slim cases only apply please.
OMG, that is amazing. Thank you!
A6: Set a precedent for your marriage. Cover each other in everything you do. Trust and Respect are a premium!
Sea anemones have only one orifice; it serves as both a mouth and an anus.
It's 2012. Stop taking pictures of your lips or eye & setting it as a profile picture. That irks me.
Acting like your famous
Thanks for the award mention Todd. We worked hard to get there & are very honored!
Going out to a club tomorrow night with my babyboy...should be interesting!
RT : Now I can stay on my dad's insurance plan till I'm 26!
It's Here! Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Come visit us today for drink and food specials, live music and much more!!
Bottom line is no team will win because of Tebow. More likely to win despite Tebow. Energized fan base? Vick did that in ATL too..
Kudos to Diane De La Santos of for being awarded "Hero of Wisconsin!" It's great to see excellent work in #MKE get rewarded!
First time trying a tweet chat - loking forward to is
You are so silly! LOL
58 MORE MINUTES.
RIP Don!!
It's my birthday! :D
and ...just had the best darn Tootsie Roll Pop. Thx for the invite/good time.
Can't wait. Gonna be epic!! - RT : Anyone else having trouble sleeping?
They look ridiculously tired out there .... No excuses for the bench tho. Mike has to start hitting shots
Hope you had a good mothers day weekend out "partying." I'll tell your kids you said hello.
Can I have your autograph??
#FF She of the sharp tongue and lovely elbows
We need to be the parents of our future rather than the offspring of our past. --
*hits panic button*
BALTIMORE: Early Morning Procession - beware rolling closures along the Outer Loop of I-695 from Towson to I-95 on the South east side.
What a douchey friend.
you go to sleep yet? Congrats!
“: #WaysToPissOffABlackWoman cheat on her with a white girl”
I don't really understand why it's 1:30pm and I'm sober?
how are you so cute?! ah you are georgous <3 haha
yeah.. I guess so :]
I think 350-400 for a 16gb. I just rooted my Mom's Touchpad to Android so I am beyond thrilled. I like it.
Overslept. Gotta listen to the word via Internet. After that workout, then get ready for rehearsal!
What does January look like? Love to pay a visit.
Crap, I forgot to click on the "Mic" to get the Mother's Day discount ...
I am so excited to move out of here in what six months. The likes of these people are killing me!
#FF S/O to our fam in #Philly! - Thanks for all of the support you've shown us! We appreciae you!
i liked it but i think i needed to go back to a regular wallet. wasn't good to whip out at fancier places.
Clearly, what you really did most as a child was train for excellence in DrawSomething!
Niggas use "YOLO" for anything . *Falls out of tree* "Are you ok ? " "Yea Nigga YOLO . "
noodle legs, cause he puts in work.
Sorry I've been gone so long, folks! -- New phone, completely touchscreen (had slide out keypad for years) #cumbersome!
the iPhone 5 is rumored to be coming out in October but it could get pushed back further for all I know
Sad observation, most folks are educated through news mediums. Today's news cycle makes that deplorable. So much for informed minds.
700 additional embroidered blankets ordered for ad agency... sweet... love the reorders.
I should really start a blog called "[Crazy] Shit My Mom Says." It'd bring laughs to a lot of people.
I just started laughing at my mom for no particular reason am I dumb
today was a good day
Did you know: 72 percent of Americans (that drink soda) drink coke while eating.
can't wait for more updates!
hey player! that because I clicked on it manually, it now says I'm up in Washington, #LMAO you running game yet?
do some thing funny
"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." Norman Vincent Peale
OMG! I missed u! Hope all is well! Please email me ur cell number! I'm kind of bad when it comes to twitter.
Getting frustrated doesn't change anything but your atmosphere! ~SM
Any one going to #CALABA ?
How crazy are you feeling this weekend? MT The day before it becomes a breakthrough, it is called a crazy idea. #Visioneering via
Smart man + smart woman =romance. Smart man + dumb woman =affair. Dumb man + smart woman =marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = pregnancy.Stolen
Where was The Ace of Cakes or The Cake Boss?
What's nicer between Zales, Kay Jewelers or Jared Galleria?? 💎💍
disregard everything I ever said about Odyssey being bad.
Always surprised by the number of people straight up drinking at the airport bar at 8a
Aw mani-pedi always fun!!! Girl time 💅💋💆
So I guess holding my hand during Alesana is not considered flirting now wow why did I even waste my time
haha sounds really yummy! & umm, white. Why? Lol :P
i missed me shawtie
Went over 1000 miles since April on my bicycle ride to work this AM ... then got a flat as I pulled up to the office!
Of course you can. -.-
dinner impressing as expected. Katie Rose's cocktails blowing me away. When's this place opening for real?
Getting ready to watch JMU and Montana in a national semi-final in football
this is bullshit!
Wore my member tshirt walking around Lake Harriet this evening. It got one (audible) comment: "See, she knows what's goin' on."
Would love the Google+ article you mentioned in your session at #asw12. Great presentation!
Thanks! We will make sure to post some photos
Thanks for the tip. What #ffs should be more like.
RT John the Baptist understood that the crowd was never his in the first place.
“: Pretty work, Andy-keep on doing what yer doing and come north soon...” can't wait to get up they way buddy!
I'm THAT guy in the office today: tuna salad & a hard boiled egg for lunch.
must work. no more looking at lenses.
TIL also that nobody in my building will come to check on me when I scream bloody murder in the kitchen
About to take a little nap till my hubby calls. :)
Ruiz proves driving force in Phillies win
good morning
Just inspected? Or also approved? RT From cheeseburgers to Big Macs, we serve 100% USDA inspected beef in our burgers.
User:AltheaRankin262 - Best Idol
My friend from high school is starting to go bald. We're having a funeral for his hair this weekend. It's a sad, sad day.
we're so excited about the endless possibilities! can't wait to see the festival planning blossom :)
Harold Stop !
for sure homies WORD
Just because I don't hang out with many girls, and mostly guys. Doesn't make me a slut. It makes me smart for staying away from drama.
Celebrate National Girls and Women in Sports Day with on Feb 1st #NGWSD #TitleIX #libraries / wk
enjoying 's examples from her creative students. Lots of real-life issues being sorted out through multigenre research.
New nickname: Al Chuckets
What a bad stretch of Monday night football games
now following ..!
glad you had fun!
A man content to go to heaven alone will never go to heaven. - Boethius
RT : Check out the promo video for the occurring this Saturday!
shoot out to some great folks. Happy Friday the 13th.
more than a few metrics show MIL has some 'good luck' coming their way. BABIP has been really high in April as well...
yeah but you don't want to feel like this. i feel like at any moment a baby alien is going to pop out of my stomach. smh
Good Morning Tweeps.!!! 😘
Nah his a nobody Drew. LOL
#millennialmedia a #mobile ad server up 92% on its first trading day, nice sign for #tech #IPO. Hopefully trend will make #VCs eager..
the finished frog eyed sprite on wheeler dealers is a cute looking car!!
hey Christian, sorry we didn't get a chance to catch up, when do you fly out?
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. -Elbert Hubbard
it's a wonderful life....
OMG just prank called us! NO you can't have pets in the convention center!
Thanks, Scott!!
are you going to post more photos on instagram?
LOL I won't. Trust me. Thanks for keeping me in check
I just want to thank Bruce Lampard from for visiting my school today & inspiring my students to achieve & serve.
So proud: Former student remembers my Unix story. RT "something like "biff" the mail checker dog"
U not a bad chick if u got bad credit lol
Heels haven't been sharp of late (though we played well tonight). I wouldn't be shocked to see Terps upset.
I have 134 tweets to look at...
i wanna go back to the beach :3
if you liked it, then you SHOULDA put a ring on it.
The best is yet to come...
Things are getting done and moving right along. Next year will open so may new opportunities. Very Exciting.
Now you get it!
So wonderful.
1 episode of Mad Men and 3 episodes of Community tonight...and we're still behind on both of 'em. Plus, dishes afterwards. Go bed now.
Psalm 99:2 Great is the LORD in Zion; he is exalted over all the nations.
I think someone stole my Jack White Blunderbuss cd. I don't blame the thief, it's that good. I have and the new Shins to help.
As well as if extra yarn in case I finish anything is necessary.
we are all looking forward to hearing your stories. I'd love to get the extended version over lunch/coffee Grace & peace sister!
actually that's number 2... It's actually business plans. Yeah. I'm such a loser haha!
Funny how a dollar can look so big when you take it to church, and so small when you take it to the store.
