When is a recovery not a recovery? When "fair & balanced" Fox is doin' the reporting.
RT : 7.2%. That's what the unemployment rate would be if the US hadn't cut government workers since Dec '08, says...
Pretty sure this made my life! It must have been Amy, I don't write that pretty :D
Heading there now.
yea I know them, good luck tho with y'all season if you play
Had a great rehearsal tonight with - getting ready for 5/29 album release and live shows coming up!
it's been a crazy busy month. We still want to get up and do this interview and maybe even get some fresh gear if we lucky!
I'm still standing!
Goodmorning Milwaukee! What happened while I was sleeping? Oh that's right, a massive hurricane/snowstorm. Not surprising.
60-58 Boston end of 3. No Hardford, no Josh, only down by 2. ATL has to run the old men of Boston to win
It's Refer-A-Friend Friday! Bring a pal down to 739 SW 10 to join Zipcar- $50 driving for both of you! Or, DM us for deets to redeem online.
Someday I will be strong enough to lift not one, but both of us #Tswift!!
i got you do you know how to get to downtown raleigh?
3 miles from the Illinois border, can see the Willis Tower from here.
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
thanks! :) and it's ok, tweet limit is really annoying :/
A new party is brewing for May 20th. More info to come... and get ready for a long day!
Tonight's sermon was wonderful and the ability to donate books made me happy. I love
So PROUD of you best fraaann. Such a grown up!!!
haha i posted the link i have to find it.. i grabbd it way early this morning and seen it last night :)
Graduations are long AF! :/
Hello Steve, my new coworker! Thanks for the follow!
New Florence album plus this sunshine...I'm literally dancing down the street!
Don't forget your Kush Con tix is worth 20% off all week at LoDo Wellness
Bitch you get an F!
omg thank u so much i miss him a lot !!!
Note to self... Toughen up cupcake ... Life ain't for sissies
You might like a quote by Paul Krugman relating people who deny capitalism (well, free trade) to people who deny evolution.
#rampagejackson won? wow that wasn't really that fair
More #Funny #Golf #Jokes NOW @ www.ICUGolfStories.com 'My golf game's gone off so much that when I went #Fishing ...' ~
Happy Friday the 13th from It Came From Yesterday!!!
I want cake...
My plan this New Years Eve is to avoid people who have plans this New Years Eve.
I hope all is well. No doubt your presence means the world to him!
Super persecuted at work today 4 being the teacher coordinator for the Christian Club on campus. Just gonna keep prayin for revival anyway!
is so adorable. Why can't guys at my school be like him and ?
haha well that's good!
This may be possible
The chains that bind us most closely are the ones we have broken. --Antonio Porchia
Use a microwave for cooking items as they can only use 1/3 or 1/2 of the electricity of a stove.
Home cooked food :) >>
Sarah! I haven't seen your face for days... Let's meet up under a palm tree :) Thanks for the RT
Figuring out TweetDeck...
Awh his mom is awesome lol loved her
Anyone got a chart for Moody's mood for love? POOF!!!!
Dahlia's first words: mama, book, water &...adjective. Yes, adjective. (OK, addec-tib). Couldn't be more proud. Her first bday is in 2 wks.
Ugh! Sometimes it's better to just start over than to try and fix it.
Where did you find this fascinating (and depressing) number? 243,542 of 640,000. It is mind boggling.
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand someone pulls out in front me, then doesn't even go the speed limit.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!
Leapster game DORA CAMPING ADVENTURE works on Leapster ...
Jumped out of a plane today!
I wasn't trying to sell, but help consume.
bai guys. ~ - my eyes hurt, so i need sleep. c: ily.
Wonder what the 2012 song of the summer is going to be this year? Let's go through the last 5 years songs of the summer......
goodbye to my other one lol
Thanks for the follow! I followed you back. Check out , you should bring him to UMASS!
RT : We ❤ what does: "Bringing out the best in teens" whether U R a #parent #teacher or
outreach team: heading over to the nepali family's home, to watch the jesus film with them.
#WTF is wrong with #MelGibson's old ass? He done gone and lost his mind and went on a rant....AGAIN! On vacation too!
Plohetski: In San Leon, I want see what may be left of the Topwater Grill. It's owned by the parents of an APD cop I know and is well-known
Did I just see that?! running to the bus?? Noobs! Haha
B did not make it to auditions they tried to ROB me out there. Can we audition in Douglasville or Kennesaw? ;-)
#Maineiacs 5 Saint John 2....what a shocker. Champion, Brodeur, H-Caron big time players for LEW tonight.. mainehockeyjournal.com for more
When is it? N jus depend on how long
“ My dad loves our our neighbor Vladamir so much, especially when he offers him russian vodka .” BRIANS NEW BFF<3
Either that or just Wednesday Afternoon, cause SERIOUSLY.
Watching videos of what the dueling dragons castle used to look like. They completely destroyed it when they changed it to potter
Wish iCuld call my brothers & tell them both I miss them . Stay up . We playn tha time game . Ill c yall again . I do it.for them aw day !
thanks so much! Tell your friends!
I posted the link on my profile and a few of the most prominent ED Groups; wasn't sure at what point it becomes overkill :)
"Pope Slams 'Deplorable' Church Sex Raids" Hey #Pope, how about you slam the 'Deplorable" sex acts that launched the raids.
Ohh shit did you hear that??? Lol :p RT “: I'm kinda scared #NoLie. House too quiet.”
12:15 would be perfect! There might be a chance that I will not be in Wi next week. I'll let you know by the end of the day.
is my baby.
Restless night, can't wait to see tomorrow!!
Weak, inefficient, stupid, and futile, Mercedes
accidentally messed with my sleep schedule while i was at home and now i can't sleep past 8:30am.....
Ben Gaye I~ No amount of travel on the wrong road will bring you to the right destination.
your welcome lol
This game put me in the mood to watch some old episodes of "The Wire"
anyway today was my first day of school and i love everybody there<3
Morning. Will you order me a latte, please?
is working on music before going to perform it tonight! Midnight Sun in 7/4, Long As You're Living in 5/4 and Charlie Parker...
Hey sweetie, just speaking... I was a lil down cause I didn't make it to this past tuesday...
Thanks, for the great seminar at #SAGConservatory today -- I'm looking into your audition class . . .
The workout I started today has me instantly addicted
I wanna tell the world about you just so they can get jealous.
It's nights like these I'm glad I got rid of all the sharp objects in my room
Yes, I repeat Hotmail (Microsoft) failed me. I'm disappointed, Microsoft.
Next up.... Las Vegas Indie Festival!
Thanks for the shout out on new book!
I ♥ Cody Simpson :D
Twitter does not close at 5pm on Friday
when are you coming to CALIFORNIA !?!? Im DYING to know!!!
On the air on Shirim www.wcuw.org - with Steve Meltzer and Kim Singer in studio and will have RObbi Sherwin on phone at 9pm Eastern Time.
60% to 80% of children with Down syndrome have hearing deficits. Early audiologic assessments & follow-up hearing tests are critical.
well at least ppl were listening, which in college radio/underground music is a big accomplishment in itself!
Been up for 23 hours. My bed is calling me and I cannot wait to sleep forever.
whoa, registered with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in the year i was born! Meant to be. LOL
Looks like Caleb can slowly start to try and eat products with soy in it! We are still egg free, wheat free, peanut, and now tree nut free.
I don't have an iphone!!! I can't see it!!!
Every single time I use the twitter web app, it reports that I'm following someone I'm not.
'In 1957 the United Kingdom bombed the 'Voice of Arabs' and in 2003 the United States bombed Al Jazeera. My point being any media powerhou..
I hate getting blood drawn 
“Aren’t we forgetting the true meaning of Christmas? You know, the birth of Santa.” - Bart Simpson
Dumping this thing by Friday. DM me for contact info of you're interested in Pack tix.
#GirlsDeserve the world ...#however if you're a bitch and a slut
Looking fwd to my 1st commencements as Registrar. Congrats to all those graduates on your achievement! The sky is the limit!
Yeah!! Just finished my translation of the Gospel of Mary. I now have translate an entire text, and it feels pretty good.
Well Thursday night just got more interesting for me
haha it's true!
welcome to the wide world of twitter
Talents are best nurtured in solitude, but character is best formed in the stormy billows of the world.-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
IMC Continues Integration of Furniture Markets “Conservatively cautious good news” is the way International Market Centers CE
Jerry Jones just stated on NFL Network that pressures are just as important as sacks. His Cowboys had 192 pressures, 50 hits and 43 sacks
RT : I think this might be the strongest defensive lineup the Lakers have, even if Kobe was healthy.
Dear creepy dude that was at Starbucks, please do not be groaning with your hand in your pants next to me. Sincerely, Me.
no idea. Still trying to figure out where I plug in the mouse.
Finished mah workout and I feel great.
WHY DOES ONLY ONE HEADPHONE WORK. FUCK. THIS DAY SUCKS ALREADY
": If Social Networks Made You Cool Then Ya Really A Fuckin Lame #KnowDat" lmao! Truth.come
C'Mon sharks!
We want to always make sure that you visit a popular and reputed online ink store which will deliver the best print quality
They say hard work pays off. I cant wait to get to the paying off part lol
This movie is crazy!!!
why aren't my @ replies showing up?
2 more days of high school. I've worked so hard to get where I am, I'm not sad. I just can't believe I'm starting fresh...
Kenny, chuck, and Chris haha wii bowling at someone else's house
This is random but do u remember ur channel DONTeffwithJack? lolzz.
me too
liminal is a great word.
This is why I never do the previews lol
Hours from welcoming teachers back to school, still get those 1st day jitters!
Son Como Son tonight, and Tribute Trio on Saturday night! It's going to be a GREAT WEEKEND in ABQ Under the Stars!
Follow me Vin please? c:
ur muzik will b posted as quickly as itz released. No request needed.
I am getting something bigger than a breadbox and faster too...thanks Dave Bogarin for twisting my arm. LOL Fun in the sun....zoom, zoom!!!!
I put up signs all over my U.S Government classroom saying "I love chest hair".
Money flies when you're having fun. (thanks to Victor)
Woohoo! You go, girl! :) You too!
Nothing more relaxing than a glass of wine and classic KING FM when I'm stressed. Does this mean I am old?
I found myself chewing on my fingernails again. Over being asked to edit a corporate notification!
yeah, it was definitely mine first! But I miss you, so just take it...
Crying on the train from Chicago to Milwaukee. Goddam ... Play that horn.
I NEED TO DO MY HW LIKE RIGHT NOW.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
Working on the project list. Plenty of things to do! Most of them really fun and exciting!!!
Why do some lit mags still require snail mail subs? I'm researching places to submit my work and a surprising number still do. Any ideas?
Sign up for George Strait tickets NOW @ the Big R Pueblo with Cat Country 95-1. We draw a winner at 1pm! :)
Mind Over Time #interpol #Wednesday almost the weekend ...
same to you.
Thats why god made race cars! RT Really missed football today! Sunday tv sucks. August seems so far away. Hmmph!
Heading to MOCA at reception in my honor by Dade County commissioner Jean Monestime and mayor Andre Pierre of N. Miami
For I am about to do something new. See, I have already begun! Isaiah 46:19 // totally believing this right now!!!
Just unfriended everyone on Facebook who shared a picture of a lottery ticket. Also, looks I'm going to need some new friends.
RT : Canine Companions provides highly trained assistance dogs to help kids & adults with disabilities www.cci.org
i think she gets them from me
We don't mess around
Texas allergies stink! I never had allergies till I moved here! Haha
Really impressive work by Happ there.
let's see it!!
Never, never, never, never give up.
awesome Mom's rule!!! Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway from Sephora Inside JCPenney
"ugh my banana isn't ripe enough"
Kiss kiss bang bang.
The optimism on stage is tangible as you see them listening to the judges prepping them for their solos.
I've got cinnamon withdrawal symptoms, there's not enough cinnamon bakery products in the UK. Cinnamon is the crack cocaine of pastry world
Never give up.....you are almost there.
My mom not allow me to open my computer before the final test is over :(.
still awake.
THE ONEYOU SENT ME OF YYOUR WHALE!
Typing in "LOL" even your not laughing so hard and your vioce isn't not exacly like "LOL".
so many ideas, so little time ...
I'd rather see your sexy self in the pool!!! lol No dis-respect!
Hi I'm a girl, I'm not funny, interesting, or creative in any type of way.
okay mi amigo
No worries--they will! RT RT : Hoop dreams on now. Wish they would come up with another one this good in 2011.
We've been itching to go there recently. That may be next on the list. Any cocktail you'd recommend?
Waiting for abdc to come on...
75-100 for just ONE day
what do you mean ritual?
I love the smell of cologne in an elevator....
..... and I know that from the bottom of my corazon.
No reply :/
Whoa! This looks great, thanks Martin.
An alarming food mystery: What happened to historic Felix Mexican sign when ... - CultureMap Houston
my bad DRAMA A LA KASA
Per the website, entrance to the snakepit is free with any race day ticket.
I'm a #sundaylibrarian today! Anyone else?
Leaving work smh.
Editing of Episode 6: Dagny has commenced!!
2012 resolution, a tweet a day. I will get addicted soon, right?
"Like" the Rock With Barack Facebook page! *ad
mix is hot!
I am in Kansas City
Wally ...you are quite welcome. Have a great week.
Well, you can say what you want But it won't change my mind...
Don't forget to send me that picture through here; i dont get pic message lol
thanks for keeping us updated
glad you are amused. It's just for one isolated photos database but it still felt good.
Haven't done the research, but hard to imagine many teams who have been favored by as many points over the course of tourney as UK.
Can anyone help out their favorite ice cream guys with 2 tix to the #Springsteen show on Sunday? Plz help.
New favorite song from is wish you were here<333
was invol upgraded to New Twitter. still brooding. not exactly a luddite but i prefer new things to be upon my instigation.
So pumped for #FCA2012 // RT : Ask our Associate Members how they can help with your new projects
What up, Canada! RT : best beer I've tasted in a while
It's so freaking muggy out her and hot ugh :(
Any of you see Dragon Tattoo yet? Any good?
RT In what ways are you using social media in your education programming? If not, why not?
That's good. :) I'm a huge fan of Kickstarter and I try to back lots of projects. So statistically speaking, we are on track?
#DIFF 2012 Day 11 - The last day! Winners' encores and a few special screenings to go!
O Yay. Neighbors across the street have the car doors open & the mariachi music blasting. & I get to hear it through double paned windows!
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
YESS better sing this song! :D
never say never makes u realize u could actually do want u want if u just put it to ur mind u can #neversaynever *~NEVERsayNEVER~*
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
someone come over and watch a movie.
keep it up, Swish!!
That Entourage finale was some of the worst writing I've seen on HBO. They would have been better off with a mass suicide
RT : Once you've allowed yourself to accept the fact that you can have a vibrant life, begin making the changes necessary to...
I MISS MY ONE AND ONLY MALE FRIEND AND I CAN TELL HIM ANYTHING CAUSE I KNO EVERYBODY AND THEY MAMA WON'T KNO lol
So. Freaking. Adorable. And you know what they say, the wonderful thing about Tiggers is Tiggers are wonderful things! :D
We offer 10% commission for any agent who books with us
I have way to much "stuff"
that was just a quote from one of the presenters during the black male summit. start a dialogue with others at
Such a great opportunity for moms and moms-to-be to try out a fantastic, fun workout while meeting new friends! We're excited!
Gonna be hard transferring from doing nothing at hurricane high school to studying ham in college📖
Miss ya!!
What group-friendly attraction do you like in New York City? Tweet us at
That sounds awesome.
Olivia Bends-Sons
Libraries evolving from places to learn to places to do, create, and propagate.
Thanks 4 following the Long Island Autism Fair. Details on our NEW event soon!
Look, I can smile without you
Have you Heard? Expressly Gourmet is Delivering with over 100 restaurants. Catering and personal orders. Place an order today....
l'm really bummed I can't get Jersey Show on HD because I really like seeing pubic lice and herpes crystal clear.
no one likes a bragger
trying to reach you...very important!
Thanks for the follow ,) Jonni Armani
Are there any good sites or books for tips on transcribing in script form? I'm trying to get used to writing full scripts for my pieces.
yes I know! I think you all do great work!
I should really get up..
these R my accounts please follow 4 local info, 4 E mesa pizza, 4 me, for new Sci-Fi
Making the best of what I got! Thankful for my family.
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed the post.
hey Bruce, long time to see! Great to see you in the backchannel today, discussing trust, passion & flow
sorry. Twitter did it. Not Me.
Ad Summit Finished! BAM!
I just feel like the last couple of new years we could've done without him cause now all I remember is him looking crazy on tv
you'll finally be able to watch good football instead of the crap you like!
Using Google Analytics To Collect &amp; Benefit From AdWords Position ROI
Um, thats weird .... I just read all the articles in my feed reader {-_-} ... now what?
RT Don't you ever leave the gym on a missed shot
Haha! Now you know why I had all those tweets :)
Getting paid to watch Saved by the Bell at my student guard desk. A job is a job
So talk to me or I'll spam your TL with my self obsession.
just had a mini heart attack then because I thought you'll be against them.. :)
yeah. It's uh... hardcore.
- it could happen.
Nothing like a good high speed chase in the middle of May sweeps! Ah ... sometimes I miss working in TV.
You're all about walking tall on the people you knock down, so stop and erase cause I'm gonna wipe that smile off your know-it-all face. =))
I can only get an erection if blood rushes to my penis.
Facebook needs a “Drama of the day” section in my news feed.
It can be pretty general. 2 Japa TV folks so far, 1 maybe Chinese cinema.
#Weimereiner in the park.Sees squirrel. owner tugs on his collar.Doesn't move.Stares for 5 mins. Doesn't budge. Dead staredown. I want him!
people still go to six flags ? Been there done that
I Wanna Trace My Fingers On Your Tatoos.
I mean, I think I like food more than people cause food can't talk, you know?
1st day of my 2nd album pre-production, check!
on the Senate floor speaking about #USPS: "If it isn't perfect, make it better."
good at the dentist!!!:(
Thanks so much! Glad to support any #Pittsburgh pet lovers out there. What's your Westie's name?
"First of all, this list is obviously just my opinion. There may be songs that have sicker drops than these"
What the hell is going on?! QPR with the lead!
okay. Well I don't think we are going to go til about 8 anyway.
life's ruff
"Hey your just like a coin" " Awww valuable???" "Haha no fuckin two faced" lmao
Let's skip to the good part ♥
So did i make u blush if you did say Ti Amo and seriously i will flip out if you do well flip in a goos way <3
Jager bombs are awesome!!! <3 ~cheers~
Oh my. I just watched Jane Eyre last Sunday, too!
on entrepreneurs: they're the ones you have to counsel every 6mon. They thrive in chaos.
And I also hate that the email looks different on everyone's computer here!
I really like the heat's bench. Such quality players, such depth. Confident with anyone giving Lebron a breather
"I keep throwing grenades instead of running." --Andrew trying to play a video game.
what time sir, And are you throwing?
im fcked up
Am I the only one who can listen to A Fever You Can't Sweat Out over and over and not get annoyed or..
Mitt Romney ...you will not defeat all that is good that we hold in common you fascist, darwinist , elitist ...go home, you Karl Rove dog
nothing, haven't been on here lately, just working... i'm sorry i took so long to get back to you
Dare to be YOU!!! Write out your biggest dream and start to live it.
If you're going to the NID Convention, be sure to stop by our table!!
I love free Chick Fil A
Why has my phone been dying so quick .. Lo
I watched the history channel fell asleep then woke up up racist....wtf ?
Just skin all I wanna see you in.
I sat at a table with Chris van der Kuyl last night. Interesting guy, and I'm excited about the1940census.com.
havent seen it. will totally watch it....in june. i've given up tv for may!
It's weird that I love helping others, but when I need help, I don't ask for it. Guess that's why God placed me in this situation I'm in.
Making Oatmeal Raisin bars for work. Let's find out if I can bake!
I know..my soul is slightly dying right now as I'm by myself listening to the tragedy that my neighbors call "singing voices"
thanks Bianca, it means a lot!
on our walk last eve I came in 1st. Deer poop covered Flash in 3rd, lazy Fred 4th and Dad last. I was the one carrying Ava!
We’re open regular hours on Thanksgiving so when Mom burns the turkey you have a backup plan! I mean IF mom burns the turkey.
Former mayor of Kigali and current DED of Aisa Kriabo Kacyira speaking now on transformation of the city.
be scared!
Thank you to all the Contestants that performed last night 4 1st Round. We have 1 more show b4 Round 2 begins.
it's fine beer- but not as subtle or tasty as old rasputin. reminds me of three folyds alpha king or stone arrogant bstrd.
Why is Texas so damn lame... I wanna be back in Cancun playing tequila vball or clubbing
Well he might be, but he's huge compared to when he was in Milwaukee, when he was just "really big"
So i guess Everybody Fucking Facebook aint Working ugh ?!
The first time I saw Nadia G. I thought she was bizarre. Now I'm a huge fan. She's funny and her pizza sauce we had this week was fantastic
thank you, sweetie!
"Don't try to quit, you're already in pain, you're already hurt. Get a reward for it. Don't go to sleep until you succeed."
research paper done- check. life back-check. #freeburgers!
Thanks for last night, Macon. I needed that. Next stop: Shortys Pizza in Tucker at 7pm for FranAllen Jam!
I love ghetto black girls. This bitch is singing gospel music and praising God in class.
Well done! RT : HUGE! Sen. Reid postpones #PIPA vote. Congrats Internet (for now, anyway)! No statement yet.
Trick Please !
Dear girls, every calorie is not a war. You are beautiful no matter what you eat.:)
Crazy ass night, home at last. Don't even wanna go to school tomorrow.
RT : Today I used the public library, rode public transit, drove on a paved road, and had clean drinking water.
Is he asking him whether he's going to be fighting Chris Brown anytime soon?
They'll start shrieking about totalitarianism and violation of rights around 12:20 p.m. EST January 20.
Before you delete, make sure to add me on facebook!
Well, okay. Dun want you scared. Oughta take you someplace swanky, anyway. #Maggianos,definitely.
Omg I'm finna text you now then
Just recorded 2 new hot trax, can't wait for the next show to show it off.
Just keep swimming
oh that's cool. :) I still haven't found my phone! :'(
$2.50 Tuesday! Get a very tasty quarter pound Regular, or Polish Beef sausage w all the fixins
checkout www.stickyricks.net
Go to your computer's browser (not on iPhone) and do a Google search for "let it snow", then watch what happens.
double check with Chad/Misty. They may have updated since last time.
just killed that shit!! It can't get any better
do you think they share a table at golden corral
she said thank you God daughter:)
Excited to watch the #24 in the shootout in Daytona! Looking forward to the new season!
I'm programming some New Age piano music crap for an event being held tmrw. Won't say for whom, but if you happen to go, I'm really sorry.
If I wasn't hammered when installing my PSN password with & forgetting it, I would ask some of y'all to play
Cleaning my mommy's room damn Shes lazy but still gotta love her :) CountryGirl:)
Is it wrong to be jealous of your dog's outerwear?
idk just come over
oh my, what's going on?
it's NBA, regular rules don't apply!!
The video isn't supposed to be live yet...
two words: Beerpong and Lotion Party...wait that's 3 words
I LOVE that #Colbert is taking over for 24 hours!
that's awesome! thank you!
You're so welcome. It was a great program.
Its Friday!!! T minus 2 hours to the GMF 2010!!!! Says is going on at 6:!!!! So get down here.
none in the house and the Swede is not a fan.
Our exchange. 1 good answer a day is a lot! ;)
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Settled on goalkeepers, no replacement for Raul -- all questions I would have asked if.... But, not to be.
Meeting three different commercial ad agencies about song placements from my album.
Man it's ova wit
well u can love me and I'll always love you back x please follow me x
I agree 100%, & that's why it broke my heart when I heard about the changes at
i'm about to kik her while i do my homework
Work flow. Up early making 💰
that awkward moment when theres a stranger walking right behind you on the sidewalk
I agree, Courtney! Very difficult. #I'mwithya! :)
Thanks for #FF! Have a blessed Sunday!
maybe unlock your acct and share. I'm happy to share with my followers.
Thanks for the heads-up about the Community Resources Fair will be there!
Anything with plenty of windows and Neil Patrick Harris as a standard accessory
goodnight sweet dreams <33333 you!
I'm still working on that METHOD MAN & REDMAN remix I'll send it to you when I'm done.
called my mom to say wassup and she criticized me for half an hour lol.
Just saw a girl run in the hospital sporting an Oregon sweatshirt! #GoDucks!
More people to follow i see ;d
I really could give a fuck about this game im about my Celtics lol
Thanks for the RT. I thought it was a great video, too!
Watching "Wheel of Fortune" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
WINTER CLASSIC VITALITY TREATMENT $99! Recline under the bubbles from the French Alps – a facial that will detoxify & de-stress your skin.
Alas, there will be no baby birds. Scroll up my tweets for a pic of the empty nest. Eggs were stolen.
Anybody heard of a Jello Shot? Or Whip Cream Shot? Yall gota try that shit lol
Great talk, Chad! Sorry I couldn't hang out in Google+. Would have loved to see it in action. I'll have to make time to try it.
Anyone remember when the Brewers used to make it through the first without being scored on?
I'll find a new salon and you can come to me there, no worries!
i love all my fans. all 27 of you hahaha
please follow she really needs 6 followers til 680!!!! Let's go!
Hey Jasmine - We are a teen webshow, Can we use your tweet for a blog / Facebook/ twitter update were writing on the NC?
GIRL I KNOW!! It's gotten pretty rough.
We called after +hour to see where our pizza was & were told we "cursed" the guy out. Uh, no. We didn't say anything but we r now!
it's pretty exciting! Really deserves all the credit.
"Under the full moon, life is all adventure." ~ Sigurd Olson, The Singing Wilderness... We have one gracing our skies tonight... AwoOoOoOo!
Thanks Abs <3 you're the best
Never quit. Finish. -Diego Castellano
ok, I always miss everything :(
OK...what kind of song would you like to do?
Q. Why dont guys like to perform oral sex on a woman the morning after sex? A. Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
thanks man, yeah, those guys talk it up, ego battle but the more I do it, the better I get, right?
is really a great girl. Loved are talk on hair... Let's go shoppong.
just got #HemlockGrove in the mail. i will read it tonight after i finish watching the last 5 episodes of #gameofthrones season 1 Blu Ray
Here at #SXSW in Austin, getting ready to launch
Today turned out to be really nice c:
rafa specifically said madrid would favour big servers, like isner and federer.
You don't have to hate someone for closure. I'll never hate you.
Watching the game with the family...
O! I like playing with G+ creative kit!
Thank you for the shout out! Have a great weekend. //
Joined the Enzacta team and feel blessed to work with such an amazing network of healers and entrepreneurs!!! Loving the PXP Royale!!!
45 minutes left in the season, and 1 goal separates us from the title. Pretty amazing.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
just got out the studio.. new song commin soon.. I N S A N E !
Parents: Know your rights to organize and fight for better public schools |
I was there for you, remember that.
Do you ever get frustrated with your printer? Watch Icantgetthisthingtoprint.wmv
You haven't experienced #StPatricksDay until you've done it in Chi-town!! 4 days left!
UM IN NEED OF A 3SIM LADIES HER I GO EATTING N SKITTING ST8 UP
I thought it was you!
now following ;b lol
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green. ~TC
- Looking forward to tuning in for the awards show!
RT : Looking for #ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for play dough & bubbles drive. Please DM us if you can help!
Thanks, Scott. Blessed with good weather and good running friends.
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2012 Results on Monday, May 7, 2012
that sounds good 2 me. I'm keeping it a little less flashy ;-) just Chitown in July. Hey ur last blog post was hilarious.
My mind is in summer mode already
Getting married? You need to follow Everything you need wrapped up into one showcase group!
that actually didnt happen. I will call you tonight.
Thanks for the #FF's and
just gave my new favorite TED talk. And to each #TEDx organizer, he's talking to us.
Thanks for following! Our publications, blog, & tweets are about #ed #youth #transition #employment &
If there's one state that it wouldn't surprise me to find Santorum in it's Caucus, it's you, Florida.
RT they should take a cue from T/F and avoid each other until neither are in their primes
Thanks to for contributing music to be used on the video clips for the 2010 International Autism Conference, Jerusalem
You guys rock!!! Much love to all of you at SHOCK!!! a blast filming w/you all!!!
One time you were a glowing young ruffian, oh my god it was a million years ago
Why on earth is it not flurrying in Fairmount?
i love you too!! i freaking miss you
6 bucks will buy you a 32 oz Long Island Ice Tea mug tonight (Indy and Greenwood)
Hi, is it possible to receive some check presenters for my business? My email is, let me know txs.
#dalailama been a refugee for 50+ years
Something I've not seen on the subway till now: guy rolling 1 of those lint removers up and down trouser legs.
so follow me on instagram.
Don't postpone your life. Start where you are now.
Wow, how do I get me one of those? Either the pad, or the PA. :)
Anyone know how to get tix to Cameo tonight? I need 2 for Xavier and I. Please text me: 305-733-7440
Vocals again today! And i STILL sounded like doodie :/- carson
Really curious, where do you get your data? Had toyed with micro-climate map but was going to go crowdsource.
Summer registration starts today!
Hot interview with the last week! Looking forward to their article :-)
I feel 2012 will be the GREATEST concert year\../\../
That really just sucks.
Syllabi are done and submitted! I can come up for air!
...why wont you answer my dm...? sad tweet..
Grand Slam for breakfast....Time for Red Robin For lunch I love free birthday swag.....
Anyone interested in doing a video learning web site?
Call of duty break time...we in here
I don't have a reason to have a phone nobody text me.
Come out tonight to Toby Keith's I love this bar and grill in Auburn Hills!! we'll be hitting the stage at 9:00!!!!
no joke, right?! And to think, all it took was a hologram to bring this "truth" to our relationship. Oh my...
#oomf - "Nothing wrong with having a beer now and then.." lol yeah it is wrong you fucking idiot you're under age. Stfu.
Hey you guys! Thanks for the RT!!
“: aside from us...” good point! Are we the only Marylanders up right now ?
Many car police Chase heading into strip district...
OMG IAN, open up your shirt more
lmao. You're silly.
I wanna buy white toms and then tie-dye them (:
Piccolo Chef ready to cater Italia: Centuries Of Art And Style Los Angeles Philharmonic Association and Italian Consulate
EVERYONE.... PLZ FOLLOW CreateForQuotes JUST DO IT
So glad today is Friday!! Ready for the weekend :)
Been a boring day
Here's the Thing To Posses the Promised Land The Old Appetites And Desires Of Our Flesh Must Be Brought Under! Promise Or Past? You Choose!
Uhh idk what the difference is
not to add to peer pressure or anything, but DO IT.
FrenchLaundry for 10yrAnniv two weeks ago, Denny's (w coupon) this morn for Mother's Day, equally joyful I must say. My boys smiles melt me!
but my all time fave is either if heaven wasnt so far away or springsteen or hes mine
the new feed above your chat box on facebook doesn't look like it follows privacy settings
Watching wizards of waverly place :D I just love you so much!
Spring is in the air in Buffalo, N.Y.
overheard office joke of the day: " hey, its a leap day tomorrow" "we should have an office event, maybe a standing long jump contest"
Come on united & QPR!!!
thank u!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 3
Checked swing on a wild pitch for the 27th out of a perfect game. Ladies and gentleman, your 2012 Seattle Mariners!
The CD sounds amazing so far !!! We are gonna finish by the coming weekend. If you want a copy come to our CD release show
Richard, if that's you thank you for following! him
It's hotter than outside...
Sounds fun :)
Rockin some gear to #THEBANGARANG at in honor of their release party this friday with !!!
Don't get me wrong, love the Cowboy, but its great to hear Marty and Thom call the game.
Awesome baby have a great time ! I have been wonderful sexy x
Warhammer is not a board game!
remove the I prefix for interfaces and people might think of better names for them
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment. You want it, you better never let it go!
just pulled up to Brady street outside club Brady--snow or no snow ;) juice is flowin.
balance between context for the whole scene and the detail, would be my guess.
bang bang, what a pass. Kreider playing like a pro.
Thank You for the follow. Check out my friend DJ !
Cant b nice to everybody
I thought Stanfel was a shoe-in. Why would they waste a 2nd Sr. Nom on someone they won't vote in? Little did I know
the little boy under a spell of pure sunshine from the seas gleem on the seas face of her ways.
Speaker Perez--education should be free. Asks Regents to stop using term "tuition".
Wow, appears to have sold out its first ticket allocation within 1 minute of registration opening. Bummer. :(
OK serious question... how much tuna will I have to eat to get mercury poisoning?
#KFC, stop running ads showing people eating on the bus. Not a transit agency in the country allows eating or drinking while riding.
Don't go chasing waterfalls
Das to dead ! That's why that room smell like yall selling Crabs & Hotcakes !
Thats being nice, as its my belief that they shouldn't come out .......AT ALL! LOL
Life is good!
Oh well then he adopted his ways. I was mad that key characters was killed in final season
It's true..... I go on a twitter rush when I know I on twitter, can't resist
thanks for the shout-out and for highlighting the report on women!
What do you get at Whataburger ??
Came home to find feathers everywhere in my bedroom, a bird with its neck broken on the floor, and my cats laying around napping.
Be cool. Be on time. Be prepared.
Where does one pursue a degree in Ancient Astronaut Theory? Annunaki University? Atlantis A&M?
It's cinco de mayo? Bring on the tequila and limes.
A Miranda Warning is for a Higher Court to Review, This case is about suspense. Now Prove that she commited Murder
I love the tone that's in your laugh Gasping for an extra breath Waiting for the time to pass I believe in days ahead
Final form the Kohl Center, #Badgers defeat Mercyhurst 3-1 and advance to the NCAA Frozen Four next weekend.
Wow, stunning!
i love that i can keep up with the #caps game solely by my twitter feed.
It' Friday!
- Welcome Martin! I like your credits! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Take your mouth off of that woman. That's God's woman. TD Jakes
Thanks ! You know we draw the laxers...something to think about for a little LPG coverage;)
Do you know anyone on Twitter with a cooler profile pic than ?
oh anytime ;)
The debate now on...Should the US release oil from reserves to help reduce rising gas prices? Will it even help? Thoughts???
money scared of 1 loss. Wow
lol are you gonna leave with us or what?
Happy Nurse Appreciation Day to all the #nurses out there! Thanks for all you do!
won lacrosse game:)
thank you :)
New Santigold? YES!
When you make someone a cd and find it in their car and they give it back <<<< 😔
loving the cold weather ;D good night, time to cuddle!
what's good wit ya homie .....
Smashing on my taco bell
crazytown “: #3Deep If they started a Rock and Roll Hall of Shame in Warren, who would be in the 1st class?”
“Within sixty seconds, turn every problem thought into a solution focus.”—Jason Selk
Oh that Theon Greyjoy I could just punch him right in the traitor face!!
indeed. When i started thinking about playing i started to get a little nervous. I'm pumped up to play. Big game.
Hood Nigga I'm Valid!!!!!
I think it's a good thing. Russia has some stunning architecture. At least that's what my tv has always told me
Trying to decipher content from notebooks, most were lost in fire or water damaged. Painstaking work but determined to piece this together.
Me and #twitterless sid kroh just beasted our ap lit group test. #A+
bracket buster
Excited to have dinner with tonight. Also excited to watch Tangled with my roommate. Again. We're going to set a record.
"Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun."
You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice. If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
No I didnt know who that was. Shocking but I didnt and oh.
walnut-sized, you might say.
the david beckham burger king commercial is quite possibly the greatest thing to ever grace my television.
Amazing Grace minor feel Superstition
Have food to donate for the 'fill a cruiser' thing... Too afraid of the Roscoe mascot standing next to the car
yeah.. what? xD
The culture of the USPS needs to be revamped into mobile revenue streams.
So much to do to prepare my #Genealogy research check-list for exploring the 1940 census. Won't be sleeping much this weekend.
Hoefully today is the day you follow me?:)
We make the road by walking
We would also love to have participating artists send us artwork that they would like posted on our blog. We respect copyright to artists.
do it will rain!(: by Bruno mars!<3
cleaaning my room. "/
Had an amazing time St Petersburg yesterday! ♥ to my team walkers & all who supported our daughter!
#geekend #fa115 via thanks for the interesting talk!
Hes perfert , were not . But He wants use to be perfect with Him , quit being ignorant and accept His loving , saving , merciful salvation
I know he's had it for a while but I felt the need to bring it up because It's sexy.
Is now a good time to start a business?
The longest Monopoly game in a bathtub lasted 99 hours!
And Sportscenter starts with that incredible dunk. That was sick
sounding sick dude! keep it up!
Those that think "by the inch", yet talk "by the yard", most usually deserve to kicked "by the foot".
Thank you so much! No I don't, I've never heard of it. I'll check it out
yes! Thank you <3
I’m earning $1 in merch money for every $5 I spend at veer.com. You can too!
no thank you!!! Xo
IM SCARED! );
Does have ?
A formidable list which can make a great team!
Both Iron Man movies were sweet. Captain America, Thor, and Hulk were all very well done, too.
The worst flaw you have when you sing is being nervous. Don't be nervous. You have the skill, just prove it to the audience.
What is in T-4 minutes?
Hey! The Fear of Falcons EP drops June 28th,2011!... Stay stoked:)
please follow me I think you are amazing:)
are you excited to be in San Francisco?
#cisummit we underestimate the value of great design
no. I think he's overrated. Id like him to be good. He's in his what 7th, 8th year? A .250 hitter isnt good.
Next up: Gloria Kim on "The Medium is the Medicine"
You'll never understand, until it happens to you.
Hey , if you want to be an Oakland Raider, GROW A DICK AND LEARN HOW TO PLAY FOOTBALL.
#whosgonnalose - Minnesota v Iowa State - ISU will lose
They don't work with my laziness hahaha.
What you think they stop making Guns when they made Yours !
shoot me ya contact info when u get the chance too fam
shoot, if I was there I would have played it at least twice :)
RT : I got dressed through the mess and put a smile on my face, I got a little bit stronger. -Sara Evans
hey its still early
Haven't asked yet but that's the last thing on my list to ask in this strict country! lol That's at least 10 years in prison!
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars had more tarps over seats last night than people watching the game
I WANT TO BE A MOVIE STAR!!!!!!! MY NAME IS "DINGBATT"
Ugh can't find a half price copy of Catching Fire...I only have 9 days to read two books
WHY DOES HE TEXTS ME FIRST NOW AND LIKES MY STATUS ON FB....
Watching new #787 & #747-8 takeoff/land it reminds me of how the #A300 wings wld curve up just like they do.
What if TSP's merch had a pick? Like not a guitar pick but a hair pick! Idk I have an Afro right now and these are the things I think about.
Hey mamaz... figured you were goin' in extra hard... hit me when ya ready! Luv ya sis:)! BTW... He kicked me! Hehehe...
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. -
cute but funny at the sametime...
I feel like you never want to hear from me again.
Morris Police Dept. looking for a few good officers
Game of Thrones doesn't pale. And they both have Iain Glen and Rose Leslie!
OMG!!! found the CD I made for our limo at prom!! NO WAY! About to go down memory lane :)
I swore to you in front of the blue sea If I have you so I have it all. c:
super excited to have you in Titletown, U.S.A. What # are you going to wear?
Shout out and good luck to all my competin in Vegas! See you guys next year at HHI 2012 :)
“: Yes I beat at the NRA ACM celebrity shoot-You better!
There is a difference between it's and its.
glad PT went so well!
blarg. go back to gush-tweeting about your amazing gf... those I can at least eye roll at!
If you really liked me you would tell me.
i couldnt find your e mail but saw Jasons tweet .congrats on the award...now thats a real deal!!!! you are a terrific lady
"Who Run The World!" ~Beyonce ROCK ON
Thanks for meeting with us, today for CCHI Day at the Capitol!
Chris Daggett acknowledges everyone in #Newark for making the 2010 a success and is excited to come back.
RT : I'm excited to announce that I am the new Community Manager for !
Thanks,you sure got it!
My annual celebration's more traditional: I violently usurp somebody's throne and then come to a bad end myself. With asides.
We're open today 10 -6. Come by to catch some great holiday clearance deals!
do you work tomorrow?
: This time 2morrow ill be on a good one at the pdx Grand Finale...glass to the sky and hand on a QT Pies thigh #MOVIE"
is one of my favorite artist of all time....
Get so fixated on what you want, that you drown out any vibration or reverberation that has anything to do w/what you do not want. Abraham
Everybody chooses between selena and other well what abou demi.? She has been through so much more.
As a Caps fan I am happy Dale Hunter won't be retained....Ovi needs to be on the ice
Herbs that Heal « Civ Jones: I'm a firm believer that God has put everything we need on this earth to prevent diseases and to heal ou...
i would love to see and soon(:
Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market St.) in #Akron is the place to be tonight! Good spirits, good fun, and music by !
Thank you brad! Great to meet you!!!
i don't know... they didn't say... kinda irritating... they just said i'm unsuspended & to review the rules
RT : Chun: What do we mean when we say we are connected? How is connection temporal rather than spatial?
It's official. Birds start chirping at 4:45 a.m.
My car said 106 today in palm springs.
happy birthday and Happy National Jen Day to everyone else!
Niggas wanna have they cake and eat it too smh
Amen! Don't live a life or be with someone that you're afraid to speak about. No growth can come from it.
im not hard to locate
be safe!!
Lol your a #loser and the other is
Printing & Graphic Design at Wholesale Prices Only in New York City! Call 1-800-PRINTING Today to order your Event Flyers and more,,,,,,
1st step to more freedom! HAVE FUN!
RT : Friend of the family has been in and out of the hospital for the past month, doctors 95% sure he has #CJD - So sorry.
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
gonna EAT PIZZA with my girls!!!!!
Carroll Shelby, father of Cobra sports car, dies at 89
" Karma: It's as simple as this~ Whatever you do comes back to you. "
Down! it's like our own mini restaurant week.
Grrrrr i can't find my blue hair ext prices now tho fml
Birthdays then: Wow! Look at all these presents! Birthdays now: Wow! Look at all these notifications!
#Str8LykeDes.. Off for the moment from the money will be back grinding in a few...
of course(:
Watching "Old School" ... I am about to start a Twitter frat. lol
sorry my man made u look like an idiot on ur radio show...I was the one who called in, was in my basement .. got bad connect there
would be there if I didn't have a tap private to teach :(. Good luck though!!
Barney was interested in bringing professional boxing back to Northern Ireland in a big way. Barry McGuigan
best quote of the night! I said to my husband did he say gun or GUT!!?? Bahaha!
I can't believe this girl just said on fb that she don't be having sex! Smh
Homework... Driving practice... THEN ZUMBA!
Great to see how well you're doing without me.
Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were.
these kids are geeked about this telephone booth (@ MIT SC, in the cut)
Headed to w/ & for a little cocktail and a lot of conversation
Losing a friend <<<
There's a Tennessee Loveless exhibit in Chicago starting 5/10. You have to go. His work makes my heart melt & my brain explode.
follow (: She's sweet.
i brought one snap back and whore it for one thing
This Day in Jazz History - May 13, 1988
Off to Ithaca to see Cornell on stop #2 of the What College Will He Pick Tour
no the ones while she was being carried they were pink
We are located 8213 Beverly blvd, just west of crescent heights. Free parking in the back. 323-655-6582.
RT : First night of our pop up! Come check us out in Cleveland park. Margaritas! CC:
when you get it, you gotta show me!
ah I love him hahahah
We 100 percent agree with you!
Diet tip: Jumping rope blasts fat & strengthens bones.
Taped the first show for Servant Warrior Radio today. I'm jacked about hitting the airwaves April 6! More to come. Armor Up!
Had a great time with my baby at the movie's
I can't wait either cause I don't know myself what I'm going to find over there....it will be interesting.....so much paperwork
Good luck Ellie!
When everyone's saying it & no one is defining it, that's usually a hint that the emperor has no clothes.
Food &amp; beverage report highlights real opportunities
Join n Get your friends to join my new site nlytesoldierz.ning.com 4 all interested in music and/or spreading the gospel
Blacklatern in the damn house!
Contrasting Dodgers' left side of IF: 150-pound D Gordon and Juan Uribe, generously listed at 230.
to bed wit u
it's all Lefty tomorrow
I have a whack a mole issue, where if I start giving individual attn to 1 student, some others take it as license 2 misbehave
I didn't know you spoke French...LOL
Milwaukee is such a "small world" place and yet there are times when you look around and say "who are all of these people?"
RSS + github commit feed. Finally, news I care about.
You got it!
I love Pat...I read his book about how the Magic got started, so good
Alive, I think? How's your cow story thing, that story thing about that cow, coming along? You know, the one with the cow?
hahahahahahaha but you love me “: Im very mad for those ratchet pics she just posted smdh”
agree or disagree? "never do to others what they have the capacity to do themselves." - Bob Lupton
DAE feel like the neighbors are watching them every time they go outside?
#FF our supporters , ; they have been so encouraging!
I could tell. It's very natural. You should be proud of your obvious manliness. This is what #boss actually means
Got my clothes out the dryer
Man eating Cheetos almost just hit me...his fingers must be too slippery w cheese dust to drive
Straight Work.. Without work you have nothing to earn..
The whistle of my steam radiator is somehow comforting, like a crackling fire. NYC has brainwashed me.
Shout out to my wife Rhonda on this teacher appreciation day!
So prom dresses... I kinda still need one
I don't think I could do a diet that prohibited alcohol. I mean, there's a reason I live in Milwaukee.
I'll take you as you are, you're beautiful to me.
Pirate's Well! Omg so good to see old friends again!! #love run club
why thank you for following me!!!!
They say a series doesn't start until the road team wins a game I guess we have a series on our hands
yep...I still think that the President is saving the best for October and Romney's got nothing but reruns
we invite you to follow us for great news on CRE lending, the environment, SBA lending, commercial lending and much more!
Worst. Ranking. Ever.
omg! Ahahahaaaaa I see no1 likes her wow!
All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother. ~Abraham Lincoln
Just had a jam session with Austin Brook... About to take this duo on the road, lol! NO, I'm serious!
Today was a good day. Rounding it out w/ dinner w/ a friend :)
Cru De Gra Flyer is up! POST IT!
I don't care what the thermometer says... It is NOT bathing suit time.
almost time for boots!!!
I didn't know there was such a thing!
I'd read that book. Wish I had time to write it.
"Every girl has her bestfriend, boyfriend, and true love. But you're really lucky if they're all the same person."
Sitting outside, reading a book. I wish I had somewhere to go swimming. Mehh.
loved the bussing video via
RT : Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times ~ Niccolo Machiavelli
The fifth St. Patrick's Day special... and we sure aren't leaving the least for last.. Irish Roasted Salmon.. served with Potatoes O'Brien!
:/ why so bitter all the sudden?
Consortia will handle the billing for all the members.Works well for small vendors w/out staff to handle many institutions billing needs
On the + side, I just found my 2 favorite pens in the breast pocket of my professorial corduroy jacket. Maybe my.tmp files are in here, too.
here's your reply
Debit card located at bar....yipee I don't have to pay for everything today.
I almost said "don't say iphone" but figured you'd take my last tweet as a hint. get outta here with that mess.
she won't go she's complaining I spent too much money.. Lk fuck her lmao
your bottom lip looks like an inverted umbrella
Thanks for a great season & - Can't wait till Opening Day
they're gonna be owning the heat
dam #fam gotta call out sick- im all ckn noodl soup and
Hahaha! Oh boy! They are gonna give him a hard time - grand entrance and you are..who?
Facebook will not allow me to have more than 1,800 friends....add this page
just bought "Take Care" by thank you for an amazing decision ;) im loving the album
Constantly visited by sins of fathers when dealing with records in preparation for moving materials RR theme
My best friend's grandpa just went into cardiac arrest. :( :( :( Please keep him in your thoughts/pray for him.
YES BACK IN ACTION!!!!!!! Miss. Irene's fault plus classes started for us
Working toward the weekend!
Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 11:30, a great chance for parents and babies to connect and learn during this amazing storytime!
RT fantasy football update ---- don't draft steve mcnair.
I feel like my bathroom will never be done! Build that cabinet so I can stuff it with crap, please!
I came across a P/T PG course, thought of you when I scheduled tweet. Can resend it. Comp/digital arts, I forget now.
Wats going on twitter
About to board the plane. See you on the dark side of the moon.
Thank you!
Found out my iPhone (3) is two operating systems behind. Revising bio accordingly.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
RT : Tonight -Instructional workshop on cheap and tacky Christmas Crafts. Free eggnog (booze extra)....
wow. that song was amazing. I really really really liked it. I miss you. :(
Fresh Besto Pesto sold at Laurel Farmer's Market Today at 4215 Mac Arthur Blvd from 1030AM-2pm. Free Samples to munch on!, Chef Toussaint
Hi how are you doing and i dont know wat happen to him
Bessie! It is a glorious historious day at the Cow.Pray tell you got see what the witty waiters have come up with for this festival holiday!
You're a idiot RT :If LBJ isn't the best in the world then who is?He could be the best 1, 2, 3, or 4 in the lgue if he wantd!
sunny here!
Omgsh hope you iz alright. But yeah we experience the same things on the same day. Craaaaay!
After awhile everything seems like the same thing over and over again.
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
Since sex got easier to get, love got harder to find..
Managed to successfully clean my fingers from paint only to get it in my hair.
or it's hammer time
absolutely positively. It makes me a touch crazy, but it says something about people doesn't it?
AH! I cant contain my excitment !
thank you for the #ff!! hope all is well with your re-write - looking forward to your next awesome blog post :)
One for you, too, then!
I just realized I paid 25 to get my truck washed Saturday now look
Today the Occupy Wall Street Protesters finally reach their goal.They literally occupied WALL STREET. What are they hoping to happen after?
Can you guys send me DMs please? I am so freaking bored!
what label is he on now?
u know its luck
im special I got 3 #FF's from you today! <33 :)
Happy birthday!!! :) Wish I could be out there today ... maybe this weekend! Save some cake for me!
Good afternon! Was your day like? (:
My boyfriend held my hand for the first time without me actually telling him too. Hmph
That don't work nomore Kobe..
It's Tenessee Williams day on TCM. There goes the afternoon.
your mom has such a cute vehicle aww!!!
i want to ask you are you goin to beat up amy
Rep Berceau it's hard because people want both freedom of choice and public health safety.
FUCKIN TWO BAD BITCHES, AT THE SAMN DAMN TIME!
You can't really build a movement based on a belief that 99% of the world is the same. Gotta recognize differences and then work together.
No problem.
New tour dates coming soon. Sit tight. EAST COAST w/ &
I'd like you to see me more than that!
too bad being a ginger isn't considered a #legitimate lifestyle
Ever feel like you just wanted to choke someone?
nigga u dumb in yo head!! Not only will Melo sling that nigga if that nigga act up! Melo will beat that nigga all day
I dont get a hi from getting on twitter 4 you
Wait oh let me see ya phone cause all them hoes is rachet. N let me get in my truck cause all them bitches'll catch it! 👊💢
Which kind did you get? My Grappa Valleys came in and I love them.
Wish I was there!!! RT : Just had THE BEST night with True Committee! These ladies make my heart swell!
Just got home from watching Captain America & loved it! Thanks to a good friend of mine :)
For future reference, I'm a blogger with an opinion, not an investigative journalist. On some matters, we'll just have to agree to disagree.
love you babe I'm glad I could convert you :)
NEWS: supports full marriage equality! (via )
This may be the last event in this building before the #NHL draft in June.
Given the insane lines at Starbucks near the Staples Center, this place could totally support another (and better) coffee house
Thanks for the follow!
oh then I'm not going the last week
Shoutout to for being a real dude!
U can fight & die 4 yr country, but u can't get married. Sounds familiar. 
This day is already off to a great start. One of my favorite professors just got promoted from Assistant Professor to a Full Professor.
appreciate the love!!
Predictions please....who'll be in the net for the Flyers when the puck drops for game 6?
Yeah. Florida came to a screeching stop. Our inventory of homes here is getting low. That usually requires more building. $$$ :)
I spent 15 minutes on an elliptical machine. 173 calories burned.
Dear Sabrina, i like your name. You seem very sweet,kind,nice, etc. Your very beautiful. We should talk more often. I like your username
We just had a 150 pizza order turn into a 40 pizza order 45 minutes before delivery time. Come by AP Guad for some free pizza & live music
One of megan's clients told us how much he loves her as he left yesterday,we love it when that happens, it's nice to be reminded we rock.
I had to find out through someone else about this problem. It was really bad. I called them and was so honest.
Fairfield Country...we are supposed to get a lot more tomorrow! Stay warm!
Mother's Day is Sunday! Treat her to a first class experience! Call us today to set up an appointment for Mom.
RT GLOBAL HOUSE SESSIONS tonight at with // Come see why Static was voted #1 Dance Club in Pittsburgh.
In one moment of disappointment, you can discover the truest light needed to illuminate your pathway of a purpose-driven life.
Hi I am still so sick :(
Lakers are pissing me off for not using the Paint. They need to use the size.
For those saying my last tweet was harsh consider that 1. That was my extra copy I bought for a friend. 2. Journalists have been too lenient
Dais MUN app coming soon....you're gonna love it.
is that what you are in school for? I think your work is brilliant and will share with others if that is alright with you
We continue to fight for veterans who've been denied VA benefits unjustly! Thanks to all who have and are serving. Happy Veterans Day!
#pricesthatshockyou baby formula...$30 for a can that lasts 3 days!!
hah,u to:)
check them out!!
"Improve" is a good word to use because it begs you to indicate "from" and "to." Glenn Hughes
This is awesome. #nvgop #ronpaul2012 get the guests out. Count the delegates.
I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional. Please email me at
So excited for the golf marathon today!
MT : I think zona would b good for fuller. Maby alburn. Good luck to
"...do you know anyone?"~Tom "Digger" Gugger<--doesn't try2recruit people he finds on Jigsaw<-uses indirect approach
Just killed my air show 5 mo months atl or San Antonio here I Kme yes sir turnt up doe
Attending the Fauquier tea party rally on Wednesday!
Hello Twitter. The Museum of Social Justice is on!
where they do that at?
Thanks for the LOVE! Tell all your friends to come down for a Sexy St. Paddy's Day PARTY with the Hot Ladies of the GGC!
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars episodes online,free access!100%
best kind of pants: cargo
i hope youre talkin about my great xball the other day
are you going to be there, too?
I am bored.
Hahaha yeeeee I already know big dawg! :) we need to set up a day to go out for lunch again!
We are back on the air www.blogtalkradio.com/creativeanimalrelief on Wed nights at 7 est. time this weeks topic - holistic/natural healing
strong point: what 'greens' student is more important than the green specs which universities boast
Margo Martindale another surprise of the night for Justified.
How was everyones easter? (:
FUCK YOU SPORTSCENTER APP i know the score of the goddamn game
my tooth hurts.
Trying out new secret keyboard player for not-so-secret band project :)
An I pwease have 2 more followers?! ;)
Lost my phone.. Fml
my bad, totally haven't checked my drawings in like a week--more stick figures coming right up! Ha :)
Happy Friday to you too!
RT : #lastthursday is way too much fun! Got my face painted and killer feather earrings. Oh and the music is way dope!
Did I see it correctly is Ellen DeGeneres in a Maybellene Cover Girl commercial? Makeup? Sexy???Ellen?
We will gladly be your black sheep. If you don't belong, embrace it.
how are the slopes doing??
Omw home! Somewhat close..
Kenye West truly does have an inappropriate self image if he thinks he can follow in Steve Jobs footsteps. Once again...PATHETIC !
We have received 0 calls today regarding snow covered streets! Thanks to DPW for #gettingitdone for commuters!
Well dam you and your brother (x
#TGIF - have any fun plans this weekend?
Love this...."Bad hair days call for coffee." Better than hairspray!
On erry thing this song hard
"It is kind of hell being beguiled backwards, & It makes you interesting." Gtde Stein to Bob Brown re: Demonics
(Bcuz I know is some teenager) OMG...u need 2
Sending some big love out to a radical little lady named McKenna Mills. U rock, sister! Thanks so much for your continued support!
Heading to the Dutch village of Edam for bike ride and visit to a Cheese making factory
Just foraged 10# morels. Roots is open, new menu. Come on down.
you do a gr8 job !!
Hangin' with some hooligans.
Just started using and pinning away!
Police searching back yard pool in Iron for missing EastHigh girl. Tarp is up. We'll show u video shortly.
Thank you for the kind words, SSG! You guys are awesome! Any #delicious news about upcoming #ORC DLC's? Much obliged! ^NE
Rory is banging Pete Campbell. Paris is banging the President of the US.
haha me either
It is important to understand that blind people navigate websites like they are reading a page. Left to Right.
uhh skrr dont try an hit someone up if you in the passenger side of your homies rideO.o eww bum
Preparing for an #acting gig meeting today, lunch for my little one & feeding my spirit through Proverbs--what I call #productive!
can perform in Indonesia. just not Jakarta, aslong as the city police support it.
Hose socks
I need some bobby pins..
Bereavement (2011) - Official Trailer [HD]
Lets eliminate all the problems in this world. In school, medicine, technology, lets unite and change the world for the best
Yes, he's doing better. He and Bill Walton had some great on-air scrums. But they are good friends.
May is National Masturbation Month. WellP, I know what I'll be doing today lol~
hey i love KATY PERRY As well and BOYS and boys oh and boys and guys !!! oh boys as well lol
Austin sings on youtube! RT if you have a youtube account (:
Just heard Frank Wess at Fat Cat with Tal Ronen. Truly inspiring!
agrees I bet-> RT : anyone who tells you that you can caramelize onions in less than an hour is not to be trusted.
The iPad cookie app is awesome. The built in timers and videos are genius.
here's what I am hearing: strong relationships = healthy programs. And give your staff what they need to succeed.
what about Buddha? Abraham? Allah? Zoroaster?
I love Indian food, great deal
Don't see how schools can control who families invite over, but they can only allow distribution of invites at school if (1/2)
Great picture!
Last week to see #AftertheFall at It's a beautiful whirlwind piece - you should go.
Jered Weaver hugging his dad after his no-hitter.
omg! What part of PA do you live in?? I live in Pa too!
If you haven't checked out 's new video of him dancing in the apple store, than go watch it!
Thank you to all the new followers, If you have any questions please feel free to drop us a line.
wow,your a asshole!!
Mayor says he will not apologize to citizens of Portland for the parks being abused.
3 mile treadmill run this morning including 8 intervals. Like how high you can get your heart rate without pounding pavement.
lol come get some
what, not vi?
So, if you had a very successful lemon balm crop, what would you do with it?
Kings of Leon Closer cover Search KARISSA LYNN on youtube
U FUCKING DECIDE TO ASSIGN ME A 4 PAGE LONG RESEARCH PAPER AT THE DAMN END OF THE YEAR?!?! i hate u....
Here at Fiji Yogurt dishin out FREE Fro-Yo til 8pm with !
Thanks, I wish necromancy were real so I could bring Gibbon back to life. Bet that man could liven a classics dinner party.
lots to do tonight!
Just order online :)
Whoops! Brain is fried. Just fixed it; thanks for the find!
Dear john
Sidebar: Non-Medicaid eligible people who were encouraged early retirement are royally screwed by this. // 31-20-1.
Hey guys! If you ever have a show in LA hit me up for live shots. Would be sick to see you guys play
Never thought id admit it but damn its nice to see my moms face <3 I missed her.
I concur.
Your body follows what your mind tells it!
You are the same kid from canda,That kind of jokes remember me that ♥Love you Teamo :)
thanks man, what have you been working on????
Oh, you're on some list somewhere now.
awe!! Muff Cabbage what's wrong?!! :-/
We're tweeting about the commercials...but I do love me some football...so when's a girl supposed to go to the bathroom!?
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! so hot!
so who was it???
You can never point the finger at yourself no matter what. It's not always somebody elses fault.
Having trouble figuring out who your protagonist is? First figure out the antagonist.
'Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.'
dont be scared mama (; you will be licking me soon
The fact that my allergies are horrible and I have to go sing sucks
you never post anything about Austin. :(
ok tia. You sound like your buddy richard
Thanks! My heritage is Austrian!
Sat down tonite & realized I'd poured myself 2 glasses of wine. It was a rough day.
I can't believe that I miss two buses
Going to sleep <3 goodnight (:
u r crazy lean!!
And after that, Link forcing a horse to run across Hyrule repeatedly.
Possibly car troubles probably a drug deal :)
I think my dog is bored by me.
A WordPress deployment, custom minimal theme and 4 unique Facebook 'apps' all done in an hour? Challenge accepted.
Remember that you are gorgous no matter what anybody says!
#ifiruledtheworld imagine that!
LMFAO.. so do I.. Good insight Fred. I'd follow you anywhere
shut up denn.dont make me laugh.i dont have a gf!!
"I picked the man I love over you. And judging by the way you're treating me, I made the right choice." R to L, G & S.
hell fucking yeah!!! Wheres that at!!!
i hate sleeping alone
u mind doin me one ?? Pwzzz itz for first period :/
I think the social media plan/goals are essential & should tie w/ IT, marketing, and org goals/plan
This feels like Facebook... Bri you lied
please pray for my friend sarah woody her dad just died :( #PRAY FOR SARAH
So when are you moving to NYC? :)
Ha! RT : This month, aspiring VP has tweeted 43 times about her book and 5 times about jobs.
listening too the song my bby posted on my wall ~.~
dems fail to realize that plenty of walker supporters actually voted for falk because she had a 0% chance to barrett's 2% chance
accept it max. Accept it and buy your tix
There is nothing better than some good BBQ at a NASCAR race.
THANK YOU FOR SAYING IT: John Lauber will never hear Romney's "apology."
Great idea, great recipe, great chef ! So proud to be your friend RT : Perfect ROASTED BIRD for Thanksgiving...
Mother Fucking Artist
Some girls have a good guy & every chance to be with him #TreatHimRight don't let your chance go!
we had the same policy at my high school for prom.
#bwela At J Lounge. Great event! Has anyone blogged today?
Great, enjoy!
Fact: If you type "do a barrel roll" into your Google search page, the whole page will spin.
4-car crash on northbound off-ramp from 225 at Alameda, involving someone hit by a passing car. Multiple rescuers en route.
I will definitely be back within the next few days to continue getting my shop on!
yes! Are you coming Friday?
Just threw my phone against the wall. I'm in 's kill a bitch mode.
Hollande backs immigration cap before French vote
Thanks, again, Rachel!
lucky lucky
Feels good! Thanks.
sorry i have no clue! Maybe try google translate?
chilling. You get in touch with calma ?
Ever sit in a hot tub so hot your heart stops?
Saw WICKED on Broadway in NY. Wizard of Oz movie will never be the same for me now. I had no idea what was REALLY going on until now.
If anyone who wants to actually help out people let me know! We need more people for Leo's Club!
BTW, I need to find Frostee Rucker and beat his ass. He's worth $20M but I can't even get $3M from Cleveland?
I think I'm getting sick
Navy SEALs Unload on Obama Over Politicizing bin Laden Raid: ‘A No Brainer’
Appreciate you and your comments Magic. You have earned the right to speak your mind. And sometimes the truth hurts !
When im in a #relationship i dont want to be, but when im not.. i want to be :/
I've just finally watched your video for "Stay"!!! Made me cry! Beautiful! Can't wait for the album!
Anyone going to #Prowein this year?
My pleasure. If I'd known that gluten-free pizza could be so pleasantly crunchy, I'd have eaten it earlier.
I want to discuss your secrets over a fermented beverage in your room!!!
I would rather guzzle paint thinner than take this test
I've just been informed this is my last shift with the wonderful This makes me sad. It's been fun!
