Ahh go away teacher so i can txt
Shout out to the supporters of our reverb page / alot of the tracks u heard did make the cut as well as a few never before heard BANGERS!
we shall listen?
Nov 1--12:30 I'm presenting a slide show focused on German immigrants in Goose Hollow at Zion Lutheran (18th & Salmon). Public is welcome.
Morning! Just two more weeks and i'll be out of school! :D
Lol Linsanity turns it over way too much
“: Romney camp turning gaffe into gift hitting Santorum: SANTORUM: IF IT’S NOT ME, LET’S RE-ELECT OBAMA” thats ok with me!
That makes you a tease! Haha
August! We'll be sending out the details ASAP. RT : I was wondering when the next event was going to be!
says that I am so not feeling the justice system right now. We all need to have candles lit at 7PM. Troy Davis will be executed today.
Will you and Vinny follow me please i would be so happy if you did<3-:)
“I was surprised how fast the Laser hair removal treatments worked. It is such an image boost to not worry about unwanted hair.” Bonnie says
Precisely! Issa's a greedy criminal to the core.
6 more tuesdays until my license!!
The USAID and MASHAV,the Israeli international development organization, are teaming up to promote food security in Africa.
I should get a BMW motorcycle!
I was born in Hawaii and its ok(: i like it!
Yeah, I'm not a happy #bride!
I can only play cod sitting in the same position in my chair Otherwise I go negative
Yay, so glad! :) RT : I am carrying around my bag as a shopping tote today... received a few questions about it!
Thank you Foundation for supporting us to get the final filming in Alaska, we couldn't have done this without you.
I don't let them in the game, but I see them out.
According to the Tweet postings that is correct
How happy r we that Andy is back!!! Would be nice the offense would do something
#BmoreFail Baltimore and surrounding is a risk averse region because most survive off government contracts
Initial results from our Avatar ad test indicates that conversion rates are much higher for ads featuring the avatar
Just had the most amazing coffee chat in L.A. with Exec Prod Jim Shoaf, Exec Prod Stuart Owens and Writer/Director/Prod Jeb Stuart. Woohoo!
Last day of 2011!!!!!
yes I changed my bio so our differences could be clarified, however my name was always the same, even before I knew about you
Kentucky looks STRONG.
My mom just asked me if Indiana gets cellphone signal.
when somebody delete your number & you text them & they be like who this WTF \(°_°)/
I WANT A BOYFRIEND DAMMNIT IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK
For young women, melanoma rates on the rise
Its a snake skin No its a used condom lmfao ! #hangover lmfao
let's welcome Modern Event LA...the best in LA.
what is the box truck and why do we care?
Mid morning run. Bleachers too. Extra cardio feels good. >:)
Every body's sleepingm. N I'm up doin nothin =|
No clue- woke up sick and think its a stomach bug. I better get quick soon since I leave for LA thursday!
Another year of strange sightings this weekend in SF? Time to bring out the digital camera for evidence. #bay2breakers 2012
HIS NAME IS 1A52
now officially trail a team for the first time in the 4th quarter dating back to the beginning of this winning streak.
I know! Twitter things so weird, its a media obsession with her. Sad.
you gotta fly Delta brah. I flew from LA to Minny today and watched the last 3 qtrs on the plane. LSU crushed.
thank U. I'm craving your chipotle ketchup. My wiener should go on the #WWE tour.
Morning you twitter fiends! This week we're focusing on dog bites, so stay tuned for everything you'll ever need to know :)
Happy Thanksgiving!
“: 16 year olds stay in my Facebook messages. 😒” Whoa there.
They learn so quick now! :D
sounds like how I wanna spend today, but I work...
I need to cop that.
You can change your life and release the ability of God by the words of your mouth. Speak life to your life.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting!
storms are coming today. -.- woo hoo.
There is only 4 days left to take advantage of our 20% off special. Don't miss out on this great deal call today! 5034495164
Happy Thanksgiving! What's cooking up in the kitchen?
Exhausted, off to bed. Back in the am -- lots to do!
LOL RT : CNN Headline News tweets... Comedy Buzzkill. Try putting an 'LOL RT" before them. See?
I swear to god i tell that pussy come over here.
um slim to none I bet.
Sounds good! :D
shoot u send to work or yahoo. I'm n orlando
Looks like is finally wearing a suit that fits.
love and sex and magit tequilamania in Me!!!F**K
yes sir JB
I wanna go to the UK. :(
This is your year Tony - you two looked so great last night! Keep it up!
who, me? Don't you know that makes the scene all on his own?
Prom Friday bouta be turnt up
I love the show secret life if the american teenager
They should rename "after the final rose" to "after the premature engagement ring"
Im flattered by your envious ways
I wish I could line all haters up & pour mad hot water on dey hating asses!
If you're getting paid for doing it, you are indeed special.
happy birthday daisy!!!
Let's get it!!! RT : Doors are open! Happy Hour until 10pm and then we pump up the volume with !
Cafe Europa is now serving Greek Style Spaghetti--Spaghetti Pasta tossed w/ olive oil, herbs and grated mizithra cheese Svd w/ garlic Brd
was the point on going on yu love Ian gettin ABDC to show off my chachi fever is pointless :( I'm done wit da crew
Like this...
HOLY SHIT WARWICK DAVIS! I LOVED YOU IN WILLOW & HITCH HIKERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY!
Watching saved by the bell
Looking forward to seeing tonight! He always puts on a great show.
The Girls Basketball State Championship Assembly AKA the Alex Westrick Show
Send those Mo photos to by Nov. 30th to have a shot at $30 worth of free tea! Winner announced Dec. 2nd!
Good morning, good morning, to YOU!!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Great idea. I like it.
Welp, and I leaving are leaving Indy. We had a GREAT time at and we'll be back next year!
Those would be big #s down here... Also, IDEA having lunch on WED with reporters.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS
I'm confused. How can the country of Holland be elected President of France?
Text to Copboy: I'm already bored. Can I go to work? Copboy: No! Get on that couch and veg out. NOW!
10 point game with 2 minutes left. Wonder if Washington Waldorf has anything left in the tank.
I'm trying! is about to pull his hair out with waiting, and that's really saying something! :)
San Mateo Blvd. closed in both directions between Montgomery and Comanche. More on www.krqe.com.
Do you tweet? If so give us a shout! :-) Follow us and we'll follow you back. Hope to read some interesting tweets!
RT : Repurposing an old line: Hanging for his terrible puns would be too kind. He should be drawn and quoted.
Hit it strong....hit it fast
Prior to modern times, it was believed that life was the result of a spirit or force called vis vita.~D
At the doctor's office. Blehhhhh
and that's the same reason why most guys ran track lol
& are the best!!!! Gonna be amazing wifeys!
Brian Moran @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute! Listen now to have a chance in winning the $1000 CASH prize!
I snickered a bit on that one.
77 for today? Feels like it on the balcony of the condo downtown! You get a raise in my book! Great job!
I just got to Gold level at Bring on the free drinks!
i wish i was doing something fun tomorrow
that sounds freaking awesome right about now!! where from??
That moment when all you can do is shove your face into a pillow do you hope the tears will disappear
The environment and a new baby
Pretty much :)
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
#genhopeDC be sure u hve all info u need to attend event activities incldg registration & Thurs' even unplugged celebration
KEEP WORKING HARD AND FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS!!!!!!!!!! DoubleTime
im supposed 2 be taking a class Scape 2 help get ready for #EOG's but im not hahahah
Wowzers. Maybe they were telling you what to order at Moe's. You have the option of a Homewrecker or the Homewrecker Jr.
Everyone has something special to offer if you just take the time to uncover it. Randy Cohen Awesome and so true.
muscle up?
Going out to dinner with and . Yay!
Same as what I just told : We moms have similar sentiments. Love your post. And that picture? To die for.
I already changed the direction of my ceiling fan. I'm not changing it back now.
What's wrong with "Hey, lady"?
Married my best friend 18 yrs ago & couldn't be happier! Now we're both #vegan & couldn't be healthier! True love is friendship set on fire
Today's plenary session at #AWIDforum discussed how to use gender indicators & a feminist framework to measure economic inequality
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. - Benjamin Disraeli
Tell Bizzle I love him with that lil head
Straight from Fumiko Sasaki's ppt "Its always better to be a Gozilla than a Banbi." Spelling and all.
quit acting grown I will continue to subscribe to your tweets & be nosey, now brush your teeth & clean your room
#np cameras freestyle - young g da beast
is gettin it done.
I'm starting to feel better. Later tonight I have to practice some voice acting stuff. Con plague did not kill me this time!
": Getting your boyfriend/girlfriend name tatted on you #DontDoThat"
We said spending was up but also gave the facts in other key areas. Just trying to report the news not take sides.
Our "friendship" is slowly getting old...
A couple more wrinkles...a few more gray hairs...
Congrats! :) RT : Ah. In my robe, beautiful glass of Zin. Great day of Rock the World & can't wait to see u tmrw!
Watching The Borgias the 1st season
Had to check out what hype was about RT Mr. Baldwin, we are looking into this. Please DM us contact information
My mom Is home from Mexico she got me barbacoa from monterrey :D
You Love To Dance........ See How It Happens Dance Happens Incorporated orientation Thursday, September 8th
. He Say We Have Tu Talk Bout Us
Three Olives has a flavored vodka called Dude, lemon-lime flavored.. I'm confused, shouldn't vodka for dudes taste like boobs or something?
WHAT??? PSHHHT no
Get your vitamin and minerals thru eating real fruits, vegetables and nuts. You really don't need pills to get them. Eat clean and real
happy 4th Birthday to my littlest one, Eilena Helen!
Now you know why we're on Twitter all the time!
the cpu will never notice... you'll sneak it right past.
They're running out of clever chants: "no justice, no peace (awkward pause) f**** the police."
The morning traffic report says to be careful because the cars travel at high speed this time of day. (obviously not DC)
Blessed to have worked with some great coaches in my long career.
So bored I'm about to eat smh n I wonder y I keep gaining weight
Think I've discovered the problem. Facebook is blocking links to apps... not good!
what are you doing in Arundel Mills Meng? You're so close to DC...and me :)
Happy 200th Birthday
Cus yuh were in class dummie , and yeaa but tomorrow for sure I needa go talk to my councler or.else I get a whole day of ISS
Thanks for speaking to this Sherry! Shld make an interesting discussion on The View...Elizabeth though...
OMG! I'm a nervous wreck!
Hm, ceiling, yes...crazy patrons, no. ;)
Site looks terrible on my kindle
It's hard to actually want a relationship,,, I'm so use to being single now,,,
Looking forward to working with some talented high school singers today!
Elizabeth still loves you she was just trying to get me #jealous(-;
Nope! RT : DO YOU HAVE TO LIVE IN NYC TO GO?,:(
The Wailing Film Postproduction Mode:ON The Wailing Team
dang that geometry test was #HARD!!! ):
Awesome! It would be great to celebrate her bday on Nov 10th. Oakland is very close to both SF and Berkeley too.
Gomez issues a lead off walk and get an F7.
RIP Maurice Sendak :(
14 HRs in the Series, balls fly in Baltimore
- Golden Palace Buffet on Smithfield & 7th is definitely my favorite. They have the best vegetarian eggrolls.
girl who cares at least we are in!! Oh yea!!
Raise the bar #westbaltimore!!!!
Pencil us in for September 15, 2012. will be back!
People don't care about what someone says about you in a movie or what you say, they care about what you build -Mark Zuckerberg
listening to #AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape for the first time, and may i just say its AMAZING!!!!!
Happy friday everyone! Tons of shipments going out, a few more designs & then.... THE WEEKEND!
new format calls for new, updated blurbs, perhaps? :)
My god...I think my desk has exploded or fallen victim to some sort of paper tornado.
It is a states issue, but it's not like the Presidential bully pulpit has not been used on this sort of thing in the past.
We are performing oct 22nd at southside christian church for their annual fall festival. We start at 6:00pm and all are welcome. For mor ...
I like saying the word "equinox"
many people think you are hacked, it is true?
What do you all think will be a good number? How many do i need to make this a reality?
I wish you knew how stupid you look.
Then she's a weirdo.
Oh, so kind... *blushing*...thanks! RT I wish I was . Seriously. She's that good and you should follow her.
#itsawkwardwhen you're so excited that your dream guy is actually walking and talking with you that you run into a pole
Kind of touristy, but worth it. Corcovado is gorgeous up close. Didn't realize it is Brazil's equivalent of the Statue of Liberty.
nope, sadly I rarely get my hands on single malt
Taking songs for the All Request Business Lunch on
#SI-ssrd Is #openaccess the same as Smithsonian "access"?
It's been a good day.
Congrats to for winning a 2011 "Best Of" Award for Marketing Plan from the !
Awesome video chat on Gtalk and Tango with my family in MD - I miss you guys!
Ugh, I totally agree with this. It sucks to overlook an atrium!
Overeating could increase memory loss among seniors
#okc doing L.A dirty! Like sex in a hamper.
Is anyone still occupying?
Brass Monkey Tour Tonite!!! Pub Crawl starts at 8pm at Brass West Allis drops off at Brass Milw and back and forth all night!! DJ at 9pm!!
God I love baseball season.
It will never make sense to me that racehorses can be pumped full of hormones and stimulants, but human athletes can't take HGH.
you're honestly the only reason why I'm going to be watching the voice tomorrow :)
awww thankkss :) i miss you too! wish you were hear friend
Delayed in Charlotte airport 2.5 hours at gate alongside microbrewery and a Cinnabon. Cannot wait to waddle onto that plane.
I say no suspension because the only reason the injury occurred was location of the play. If it happens in the corner, it's a nothing play.
Pretended to play beach volleyball all day and I'm worn out!
where did she go!!!
sweet tarts, blow pops (the bag), a bag of double bubble, & sour punch bits please :D
it surely is, trust me, we have all been there. But you get use to it after a while
Yes, dangit marketing and your markety ways! Hope I didn't ruin your evening with getting that terrible song in your head :(
yea ill try ... hard to do that livin the life I live, but thanks Kristen
bout to throw down at stagg high school,
looks like House #ESEA reauthorization trudges forward without bipartisan collaboration...
Broken link?
It's just people being very misguided.
thanks for the follow lol. Click the ad for me on the right side of the page.
thanks for the follow, Bobby! We're big fans of your vocal prowess. Roar!
How many steps are in your project approval process? Seems like 7 or 9 isn't so crazy
All they want to do is hit you with a quick pimp walk lol
no u
come follow me its da prince of memphis
What happened to the witch with an upside down nose? Every time she sneezed her hat blew off.
Very close to the edge. I think the final push will be if I don't get to go to dinner tonight. By get to, I mean taken to and paid for.
That explains his penchant for rhyming.
I wish I lived on the beach.
you're right, i did learn from the master. ha!
Gonna take #ColtMccoy's job! Congrats bro!
“: *sad face* why won't you be at #WellnessWednesdays today?” I know! Have to be in Vinings area at that time:(
Wow, interesting! Good to know.
“: Beer.” non- alcoholic?
All shirts just $9.99 on www.yeldahgoods.com.
Rizzo the Murpinator is killing the Cavs tonight. Go 'Cats roll the Hoyas. OU Alum like us need to bring it strong just like Reghi says
I'm gonna miss you Nashville for the next 5 days.. y'know, the lack of a beach and all the allergies... KEY LARGO, FL!!!!
Tonight's special is the Turducken and I'm all in..,
“: living lady! Living' and loving' it!” so that's what heaven is like? :-).
Oh you like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime!
Its going to be close.
Like not even eyedrops and benadryl stop it. ><;;
think my mom knows yr mom & Dad- from Pitt? Mine are Jan and Sy Myers,
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
I think it's snobby, but if you notice... I fit that description. Probably better to make your decision based on recent tweets
I miss UK BB!!! Where is October?
well I'm not sure about him being a flat out baller but how about the team taking down the pictures a day later? That's rude
#imagine you and Louis in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring. L: i love you *kisses you*
#BlueRock is painting our new #edit suites!
I feel it's important to go right into the Booth after the argument. voice
LOL it was so funny seeing Tim Howard out there trying to help in the last minute, and he almost got his head in there too!
Had my first runner's yoga at today. It was awesome! Morning run and afternoon yoga makes for a full day
For the next 1 hour swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: Free Draft with your Steak
Let me know next time you come, I have far better dining suggestions for you ;)
If that "million dollars" thing works, then I will be really glad I sent this reply.
Game 6 NBA Finals getting intense, scrimmage just broke out just now.
Dear Father Christmas, this year I would like an agent, my Equity/AFTRA/SAG cards, a Bway show, a TV show, & studio movie. Oh, & a pony
Did the #Packers feel bad about the call . Then the onside kick ?
Second round
Is there a back story on that Doof tweet? We LOVE him. We named our new laptop "The Computenator."
stop by at 5pm today to check out our 1st #sxsw appearance.
you don't need a case.. Our ikeep will replace it and you will never drop or lose your phone again
still and still loving it!
Here's the real question: will trainers b taught 2 splint crunches during pregnancy & after? ACSM still approves PG situps! ugh!
Was very sad at the Seau news yesterday. Even more sad that he left so many loved ones behind wondering why. Is it wrong to feel that way?
No April Fool's jokes here, just useful trivia. Ever wondered what the wide ends of chopsticks are used for? Does anyone know?
What do you think- are there parallels between Paula Deen and Martha Stewart's behaviors?
My dad thinks hes like the shit just cuz he has a 6 pack -___-
Accessibility is not a solo act. Build a team, says
will refrain from making conclusions on the title race and should just let it unfold, done great with injuries we've had in the PL.
Shepards pie in the oven. Kids are playing together nicely & I'm reading the Dark Knight script. Couple hrs b4 I
I gotta C it Mane!!!
eh, maybe we should. maybe not.
Thank you and all who came to #CelebrationOfTheArts2 last night to support BAA!
thank you! Yeah you can call me around 5 today after classes.
I agree! God Only Knows! In My Room too.
My specialty/delight is helping companies welcome and value professionals with disabilities, including our combat-injured veterans.
Cannot wait for Saturday night to re-join that on #Padres Opening Weekend against Los Doyjers (another year of civil wars...) :D
another morning of snow on my car - ugh!
Let's make some music today
Is finding PInterest far too interesting...
Just getting in 4 cirocs an 2 long islands dont mix well at all...
is on the phone with prospects and media this week. He's ballin! NI style. Be there before they serve dranks!
Can someone do me the massive favor of tweeting me the link to listen online to the boys interview with Ryan tomorrow?!
Arrived where all my peeps?
the Bucks giving him Rondo like money might cause a riot
But maybe that was just me, becuz I went w/ group of whites and African kids were pushing me out the way to get to them. Ha +
I am going to Hell. I swear I am.
The "Emerging" category is up first.
S/o on that new club banga
....aaaannnnddd I'm a dick
Going Back To School For This Ghetto Ass Art Show -.-
The tooth fairy taught kids to sell their body parts for money. Blame her for prostitution .
Adara_Spa wishes everyone a safe & blessed Thanksgiving!
thankyou means a lot!!
RT Sponsor of anti-bullying bill pulls it after House panel guts it with amendment. Jindal, La. Family Forum opposed bill.
Procrastination? No, I just wait until the last minute to do my work because I will be older, therefore wiser.
God is there for u and me. We should neither fear not worry about thing but should trust Him. Amen!
Help us spread the word about Black History Month events at The U of M! Invite your friends to like our page!
The way you drop, drop, makes me wanna pop !
yes mam that is correct. workin on it tho :)
happy birthday!! Kick ass tonight
I was in best buy. Complete seasons. $30 each. Lol
I took a break from studying for midterms to read your piece.
because we are self consious
Day 2 of work. Lets do this.
TELL EM LEGENDS WATS UP I'M DWN TO DO A FEATURE SHIT ARE YOU YO FANS N FRIENDS ARE DAMN EITHER FAN OR FRIEND TO ME OR BOTH SO LET'S GET IT
I just got outta lunch, 40 minutes ago
good point. I believe news sources should be called out when they purposefully don't link out.
hey sweet in a crimial case a defendant does not have to prove anything.
RT "Coke please." "Is Pepsi ok?" "Is monopoly money ok?" Lmao!!!
Following! Follow back and follow !
Playoff 12s anybody?
Changing a word because you can't spell the word you originally wanted to use.
Tonight has been brought to you by Rakote, the fishing village upon which Alexandria lies.
Blessings to you brother.
I thought it pretty nice that FNTP had 7,352 visits and 16,942 page views in the last week, despite static content.
Planning a plan and not following through? What's the point?
Blake Griffen with 2 early fouls, 1 elbow to head, and 1 case of being put on ass.
miss you guys too!!! ❤
Poor guy is going through some stuff right about now ... I would help ... oh wait I give no Fucks ahha
thanks for the follow! How long have you been helping people with jobs?
Go girl!!
y? o lemme guess...u havnt called him in like 4 yrs haha
oh yes!
Getting ready for Canada!
I thought it was a joke, but Philip Humber (who just pitched a perfect game today for the White Sox) was actually a NY Met back in 2006-2007
High Yellas shall hence forth be known as Octaroon coons.
Me and Natalie are no longer your friend for leaving us haha @ mike
Thx for following. Just followed back!
It's Monday Funday... and back to the grind! ;)
I'm not saying this to be bashful or anything, but my ex was really a waste of my time.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Just saw this. One question, I have never registered at the AP forums, so how would I go about the username change thing?
Palko should never play again.
Jim "We might have broken the rules, but we didn't cheat" Calhoun now has more NCAA titles than Dean Smith. Sigh..
I "LOVE"being single!!!!!
That's so perfect 😜
EVENING PLANS Weird pharmacy stop, quick run, pack up the cake vodka, babysit strangers' dozen children, eat German food, drink wine.
Nevermind. Cards are determined to give it back.
always a pleasure, thanks for stopping in
bad omen RT : Hollande's plane turns back to Paris after being hit by lightening en route to Berlin - Presidential source
I already did
Climb mount Everest and see the Earth from outer space.
Hi Klara - you're welcome :)
thanks for the support fam. We are glad you like the work.
is trending like a bad case if herpes lol!
It's a Spirit...
My neck HURTS..
Who is the best summertime band?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR BULLS NIGGA !?!?! Lmao
Indy needs more performing arts venues "of size." Scheduling a venue is challenging with such an active arts community.
yeah downtown it's $4.45 a gallon. We pay a $1.00 in tax per gallon. Welcome to chicago
Awwweeee. Thank you !!!
haha yay! Haha there really good dogs and there So smart!
Not that I care about it half as much as everyone else seems to, but just to be annoying.... I still haven't been Timelined :P
These are our new table tops!!!!!! Do you like them??? Give us feedback..
Marines Helping Marines: Individual Ready Reserve Marines learn valuable information from Readiness Support Group
What are you letting go of? Not me I hope! :)
I just wanted to say that you're picture is a little exaggerated because you are NOT that blue and swirly in person.
especially with me haha :)
The moment u give is the moment u die
Yeah he also demands that gov't "get out of the healthcare business" but is rabidly anti-abortion. So much for freedom!
I may be still part of the 99%, but my wife is one in a megamillion.
I was bout to say Haha..its been a minute since I have tho.u Ight?
I think he's legitimately crazy, but entertaining. The anti-Charlie Sheen
Be careful making statements like that. You will end up organizing far more conferences than you want to!
It doesn't take 20 minutes to put on gas...
iN bed wiTh KaLiaH & this brat doesnt want 2 change it 4rm the SpRoUt ChaNNeL...!lol she strait chaNneL cHecKed me lol.
board President Garcia SHOUTED IT! She made me a believer #herworld. She is such a believer in our young women
I am not a fan of your page... But I will be know. I am very new to this and didn't know you had one. Hadn't gotten that far yet.
Money doesn't buy happiness, but it pays my internet...which is almost the same thing.
haha well we need to do it again sometime soon! it was so nice seeing you again
Creator? Maybe just referencing the man and woman who conceived. Certainly not a religious reference.
Nephew update. The doctors have done an amazing job on him. He was able to open his eyes some and answer yes/no questions. Still in ICU.
I'm fine with 30 Rock ending- that show had a fair run. Parks was robbed.
The new iPhone firmware download took forever and it looks to me like all I got was a new dictaphone-type feature. Note to self - buy milk.
Happy Monday everyone!
For better or worse, that is a bigass phone. Overall, my nexus s, was cool, but the hw was cheap & 2.4 was very notquitethere.
to proove im jessica i know when you lived with us u got a sameri sord for your 15th or 16th b-day
The ARTstor staff is getting ready for this weekend. Expect photos!
2 hr Private Coaching w the amazing Anthony Gilardi - putting myself on tape for Army Wives :)
This is not gonna be as easy as I thought....
AH! I miss my twitter family so much hehe miss you Nessa & Skyler <3 Will update story soon (; maybe... lol.
Hi Rudy, thx for the follow. If you have an iPhone, check out our app - RAVN Events. Would love to hear what you think.
it does suck
I might be....you don't know.
sometimes lol. But you're up early too, what's your excuse??
Off to club B.E.D... Tonight's performers : DJ Silence & MC Z... Visuals by Team Dreams. Special guests are Blanky Blank and MAC Pillow
is manufacturing salsa with locally-grown tomatoes, cilantro, garlic, onions, and jalapeños.
100 its all love
Hey U coming out tomorrow right? Or are u still under the weather? LOL :p
... bumping some Gotye to get back into the swing of things.
Seen the #Chronicle today? Check out the special screenings section. The RBB screenings is what up!!! Hellz yeah!!!!
Thank you! RT :
I feel like a grizzly bear. 🐻
Ron Paul supporters are gathering at the Minneapolis Convention Center. Listen to my report at 6:10. Newt Gingrich will be at MOA @ 7:30.
hi boo , I miss you . Text yah girl (:
The politics of going vegetarian for a cause
I'm even willing to say they were all very cute. ;)
gurl sleep like always
OH SHIT is something I always say and I need to stop
Let's go Phil! #Masters RT Time to shine
I wonder why Chaz & Justin don't chill anymore like he used 2 cum 2 LA & visit Justin except 4 his B-Day
I don't know what's worse: a teacher underestimating class time, or thinking class is canceled and your teacher showing up
I hate ap algebra 2
aw, thanks!
where can I find the dress seen on The Today Show this morning?
Get your costumes and pumpkins ready for Halloween.
Sure. DM it.
Thank you to everyone who showed love today at 1:13!!!!
You can try walking a mile in my shoes, if you want. I mean if you can fit in them. But please refrain yourself if you have athletes foot.
Are you serious? Your nicer than me. I would not be babysitting for fucking free. That's bullshit.
I love being a smart phone for Does that mean I'm his smart friend?
“: is it on you tube?” just live versions... Also a preview of the upcoming music video!
Whose going w me and the Cowboys to Super Bowl this year?
Very Special #FF He is handsome, sweet, and totally awesome guy. :)
Let's never take anything for granted. Count your blessings. HE is good...all the time!
They were all old faggots for the most part : /
I mean, I assume those are just "participation ribbons" like you give to the 5th place soccer team your 12 year old plays on, but still.
Easily make girls fall in love. Look her in the eyes tell her she's the one you want to grow old with
RT Happy to announce that GTG has been acquired by We're down in ATL all this week meeting the new family!
great device! only complaint is we bought 2 and theres no way to sync them both to play at the same time. cc/
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
I got a $20 gift card that I won from in the mail today. It's been long enough in shipping that I forgot where I won it.
I don't get on twitter much. Do radio 4 3 hrs ever day talking bout the good doctor
Thx for the RT! We'd love to see any SJ history links you can find- shoot us some if you do! Great to have partners in crime.
Karaoke at Harrahs in Vegas. OMG - LOVE!
hey how are you?
Watching #BigTimeAudition ...Where It All Started....:)
Is it just me or does the weekend just seem to fly by? ~ Jake
also manufactures Ultrasound Therapeutic Lotion & an Ultrasound Gel with Aloe. Stop by booth 727 for samples.
JUST WHEN YOU THINK ITS DONE SOMETHING BETTER COMES ALONG
And certainly doesn't have to be there for you to go.
thanks sweet girl!! You don't know how much I appreciate that<33
Chutney is an excellent suggestion, but I need to balance the salt in the brine, so I may take that chutney to a different corner
BIG shoutout to Laurie, Tomi, and Donna at for putting on an awesome 3-day graphic facilitation workshop. Check them out.
this may push me over the edge and force me to go try that place. Wife has been asking me to take her there for a while...
I am! I love Disneyland. I'm basically a child trapped in the body of an adult.
Feelin a lil sick . So ima stay home and work on some beats
This bitch.
Let's all just be bestfriends, yayyy
Hey ! We will be at the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority program on minority businesses. Join us and #SupportSmallBusiness!
too much operatic
Pottery glazing workshop today! One of the top guru's at the art center is teaching. Can't wait to learn new skills.
absolutely my tattoo!
P.s. Follow Back Plz.
Why do these dudes look like ghost on Monday Night countdown? Somebody needs to be fired tomorrow.
There's still time on your lunch break, downtown DCers. Stop by Touchstone Gallery for a contemporary art break. 901 New York Ave. NW.
Y'all Up But Not Mentioning Me.? I'm So Fed Up With My Followers 😢😢
I recently read an article you wrote for New Condo Guide. Great advice. Thanks.
I'm in... Let's kill this bitch!
Thank you, sir!
Weekend Special: Southwest Pork Tacos, 2 for $5! Come get some while supplies last!!!
Awesome. These are 55 gallon barrels, so it should help reduce your runoff... assuming you use the water between rains.
Evan Wood & the paper he couldn't write in one sitting.
That's fabulous! RT Guess what ya'll? I'm officially #blogging for !
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. Albert Einstein
Nice Jennifer Hudson. Chicago love.
Thanks for the RT
Win or go home.
Enjoyed "Born on the Bayou (Live)" by Creedence Clearwater Revisited on Pandora
10 Tips to Help You Control Your College Students Financial Future!
Yes, I'd love that! :) (and hi Linsey, so nice seeing you here!)
ahh was just about to send you an identical message! Weird...feel better and good luck tomorrow! To the ramparts!
Shout-out to Oregon Trail! Why was it adopted into the classroom? Life skills?
I have been sitting here for 2hrs looking at a blank TV screen. I would much rather be at practice or training than turning the TV on.
Watching movies with my sister ! ^-^
opens tomorrow!!
Will your presentation/materials at #SXSW be available for those who can't make the trip? Thanks!
Got my new puppie im so happy
All done with the mosaic mural. 313"x41" I'll post the picture later. g'Night-
Echo the Therapy Dog is in da house right now! Go pet her until 12:30PM (and then again at 3PM)
try Picnic Island in South Tampa. Take Westshore all the way down past MacDill.
Lol. True. I put my Liam and biebz posters on my cork board. c:
Another #Maui Tacos opens in Kihei in the Kalama Village Center
Call my phone
I miss u too Baby xoxo
The whole damn day was live as fuck bruh you missed out...
you kno VIVI omfg she is my wifey !! I love her RT“: so.your from Belize thats cool me to! I love San Ignacio"
is looking forward to his trip to London next week - heaps of friends to catch up with & tripwolf business partners to meet
Alex Morgan is beyond a WYF. She's a HATW - how about the weather?
Amazing start!
My lil sister scared my gramma by singing Adele's song Set Fire To The Rain in strange voice that sounds really annoying.
Hey ya'll one of my best (male) friends is looking for a roomie..super cute place in Los Feliz...any takers? DM me xo
I love my twitter followers, please follow my other twitter page Expo now accepting vendors models educators and more
oh? If I do remember, you're the one who wants your house to be a stop on the underground railroad.
thanks for the RT! The food there is good! Simple but delish! Happy Tweeting!
tonight s in the ville is the place 2 be free b4 11 5 after 4939 bragg blvd come party open party til 4am
How's my tweeters doing tonight!?
Cat is afraid of new ceiling fan and won't come into the bedroom. Missing snuggly 4am cat purring :(
Maybe that's the beauty of it all...
I don't hear many referance the name Yahweh that often
Thanks for the RT :D
Good finish to the 1st half Thunder.
hell yeah i gotta 7 week old baby bunny its a "it" i cant tell what it is boy or girl till its one so i named it Schwaggie
shes trying t get attention bro
LOL I think it is more they don't know how to secure their network :-)
lol !!! Check check!
Taglines like are the hardest to write. So few words to say so much.
Wet the blunt on accident lol
you see ESPN top ten???
I feel like I haven't stopped eating since Thanksgiving. I love this time of year!!!!!
Finals week might be the death of me. It's almost over!
I should've gotten a poster!!!
feels like a soda pops kind of day for lunch.
is beautiful inside and out.
You are Bee -You -Tea -Full ♥
Facebook chat is so badly coded and designed it's laughable.
not specifically, but it may suggest a lack of connection with Latino culture...
How was your weekend?
I wanna get off work !!!
; this is gonna be the longest weekend, ever.
Cold and cloudy on the coast. Sunny and 98 in the desert and Vegas... I need to move.
I love that song!
Welcome, Indie writer of my people!
RT Do not bracket nonrestrictive phrases with commas. Nonrestrictive phrases yearn to be free, feel the wind in their hair.
i need more followers who wanna help me out
I thought I was watching the #cnndebate but apparently Three Neocons and a Libertarian is on.
Hmm. Question of the day. Where to travel to in Europe after a friend's wedding in Germany in July?
I'm Stronger Than U Think!
you should make and their cloud product in that link as they are one of the market leaders.
watching QUEENS OF COMEDY POURING UP , WHATS GOOD TONIGHT
Maybe one day there can be a "US" again but if not fuck it then .
Particle physics has become an "indirect science" by trying to describe the tonnage & features of a moving ship as of its wake in the water.
"I DONT DO ALL THE TALKIN" ADD that before I add it to mine. Hit me back so I can show u my shirts. They are Nasty Quotes!
Happy birthday 
Parents came back from the motherland made me so happy Brought food which was delish👌ate and had an allergic reaction whomp whomp whomp 👎
Had a wonderful lunch at the Oceanaire in downtown Indy today with my lovely bride. Thank goodness for gift cards!!!
Q#45 Answer is...A!
For many, the Bosnian War already seems long ago. Why is it important to remember it, especially today on the 20th anniversary of its start?
lol ikr we had fun last quarter! and that's whats up...when u work so i can come bother you lol
Words to live by! RT : I think we could improve sales by focusing less on making our existing customers so upset.
- Exactly. I Don't fit any of his targets. Not that it would EVER matter.
What a show! Thank you everyone who came out to see us at last night. Special thanks to &
Getting sick really isn't an option as a momma. I'm thinking a super human immunity pack should br granted to every mother!
my mom called me to go to carlos & mickeys. i couldnt say no-_______-
Aguado is on the case
I go to work today. goes to Hawaii today. I should have planned a MOH honeymoon for myself.
Thank you to all who attended the Bombshell Bop II last night! tore it up!
tanks for follow me )
i'd hit it
#SOTU should be interesting to watch what with Obama's freshly-grown set of cajones.
Woke up n a good mood...There's bird's outside chirpin n everything!!!!! 2day feels like its gunna b a good day!!!
It's a bourbon and scary movies night.
done. We're going
Well, I doubt that anything has changed. :)
oh, boo. Hope it clears up soon!
I regret saying i love you. because i never did.
ELEVATE IS WORTH THE WAIT >.<
made a decision not to spend the whole weekend staring at charts
Words can't describe how I'm feeling right now. R.I.P. Austin I love You Bro we all do! :/
Mentions going Uggh .
Who's the big purple guy they show at the end of the avengers after the credits. Can't think of the name and it's driving me nuts.
is happy Lisa realizes that Lauren really needed to experience the magical, sophistication that "you've never seen before."
I followed
ya? How many gun commercials have you seen during a brewers broadcast....
Boston put in work today!
look for future auctions by ArtWalk!!
I give myself away on this beautiful Sunday Morning so that my God can use me.......
U got 2 admit their gettin better, gettin better every day
Just purchased all 3 levels of Rosetta Stone Hebrew!!! Woot woot!! Next time I go to Israel I'll be ready
Jason- Let me know if we can help you with this role.
how fun! We'll guess it's John, and if it is, tell him we say hello!
Matt Kemp homers to right. Rockies respond with a run of their own. LA 1 COL 1 End of 1st
we need the Paw Sox team! Carl Crawford took the money and sent a lookalike to #Boston. Red Sox pitchers would rather be golfing.
Awesome post.
Tony Gwynn averaged 21.7 strike outs and a mere 39.4 walks per year in 20 seasons.
of course everything is still busy but hoping to get back to my blogging/tweeting/writing routine soon. Got an article due today
I did!
the birds singing/whistling) haha that's funny right oh well come back soon okay? I miss you :) !*)
no contest, absolutely
It's difficult to take relationship adv from single lonely pple. I never take financial adv from broke pple. Am I wrong? the value?
I miss my love, so much! I need to see her ASAP!
|#quotes When buying shares, ask yourself, would you buy the whole company?
Recording. It's sounding good!
follow before she commits!9
Saving all these usernames and passwords in cookies. M, cookies.
I do think they do. Games 5 and 6 were discouraging, but if MWP can get after KD a little...
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 9
are you losing your phone?
There's more truth to that tweet than is readily apparent! Should we be sleeping by now or no?
Shocked to learn fired (who apparently needs a new handle). Don't know whole story, but he's among journalism's best.
Call me lame but I am only 100 tweets away from 1000 haha
NO RT:Lance Stephenson is the best high school player to come out NY
I lost it for good
": peace fam! One love" appreciate the love.
Sons mom brought a nigga up to the spital I was wishin he even laid eyes on my lil thug BOAH!
its not even funny how bad i am at laser tag..
hey im Trey xD
Whew! team! What a busy news week - thx for all the hard work!
Let God have the impact on my life as I bathe in his glory
So is vodka with sweet tea! Great summer cocktail! #Iheartvodka RT Whiskey in Iced Tea is pretty yum!
You're gross lol RT : I just ate half of it
Good luck!
Pac 12 trying to win NIT and CBI titles #CollegeBasketball #NCAA Stanford vs. Minnesota and Washington St. vs. Pitt
It took me years to finish The Magic Mountain by Thomas Mann. So the classics get a reprieve.
“: God blesses u when ur mocked &lied about because ur my follower.Be very glad! The reward is heaven”Mt 5:11-12”
"Let the church arise. And all creation sing. Hallelujah! Praise to the King! Hallelujah!"
I love u too
- the Japanese restaurant on 1st just east of Soto. Don't remember the name.
OMG! I think I am obsessing! I have been watching the digital clock on my cable box waiting for True Blood to start!
Cool, wet weather throws a wrench in corn planting - Marshalltown Times Republican
Phew, what a day!
Great Q! Drink LOTS and LOTS of water before, during and after and eat as many green veggies as you can!
The essence of marketing is the ability to attract customers attention and then deliver an experience that will assure they will come back.
and heard em say nothings ever promise 2m today
Private pilates classes only $45 each! Or $400 for 10 sessions! Certified, experienced instructors! www.eastvillagebodyshop.com
Take a Friday break today - listen to WAMU Metro Connection between 1 and 2pm for a segment including Jumpstart DC
woah wait what?! As in La Vernia high school?!
So totally crazy! Me neither!
69% of shoppers say the store experience is important or most important factor when making purchase. Visit booth #1246 #globalshop to boost
Tuesday, Thursday 4 - 7pm. Saturday Noon - 4pm. Otherwise, by appointment. I'm usually around the Eastside so let me know.
Drinking hot coco 👌
SHOCK OPERA: The First North American Film Retrospective of Werner Schroeter - Brooklyn Rail
Slept so good now running errands!
oohh yeah tomorrow is like a friday :D
I be needing a magic 8-ball around for certain decisions.
anything is more fun than a 2.5 hour plane delay.
thanks drew!(:
I caught that...my week to your day. Pretty sad on my part....but working in your direction.
Thank you. ~NMRK~
If you give me 5-7 years of living out my dream, I don't care how much negative effect it has on me long term.
Internships can lead to Brain Gain, not Brain Drain. --Nancy Ahlrichs from at the Impact Awards
Apparently some confusion.That was wife Sherry who was honored today. Im getting alot of congratulations that should be to them
Black-robed colleague says, "Bitch stole my look!"
Nick Cannon of Drumline turns 31 today. I love him but not his wife.
"Be yourself. Never change your originality for the sake of others, because no one can play your role better than you"
I am so stressed right now smh
Mayne, I haven't fucked with in like 2 months. If I give him enough rope, he'll give me some new material.
I hate that feeling of almost remembering something
another truth...money can not buy you health....we all need the Lord!
Nice to meet you Luna! Thx 4 introductions ! Miss u crazy too!
I always think of her as Camille Doncieux as well. She only died a few days after her "church" marriage to Claude Monet.
Last tweet via #Forbes #NBA most valuable teams
NOt Sharing...
West Coast Friendship. . . . !
Exhausted already, not a good sign.
#QuestionoftheDay: Have you witnessed or experienced violence on your campus? Tell us about it.
Good morning Baltimore! Looks like we're finally getting a taste of summer.
puff...wha time is it now?
Can cargo pants please be the next big trend? Just bought a pair and they are so comfortable!
just downloaded 7 gigs of new sounds.. been a long day bout to knock nd get back to these beats in the morn…
Anyone have gamecube controllers?
How's your #flow? The mental state in which a person is fully immersed in a feeling of focus &success in the process.Thx
Going to use #amexredbox to get some movies for this weekend.
RT : It’s #followfriday & we love our followers! ReTweet this to your followers and ask them to follow us
Revkin's talk packed with ideas, need a video.
": Have I ever mentioned my intense hatred for Carlos Zambrano?" No but I have D same hatred. N its not just cause he was a cub
The only reason I look forward to Monday, Is because of the Amazing thing called YouNow that Alex goes on.(: <3
and he's excited to be here
My daughter is now an NCSU grad! GO PACK! Proud dad!
No one text me today... :(
Be sure to send in your questions for John Putman for the Discovery webinar today.
Thanks Anne!
The news is so depressing...smh
would you prefer the #Lumia710 or #Radar4G on #tmobile?
Hungry! Thank god itslunch!!
writing a "reaction paper" for an assignment... lamest crap for this class by far.
has the best avatar on Twitter, as far as we are concerned.
Just finished a great 15 minute standup with the ATLAS Student Information System dev. team. Pushing through data conversion and sprint 1.
So Anthony Hargrove is suspended 8 games. That sucks for the
where'd all the good people go?
I should have credited you! thank nikki for the discovery.
Ah, yes! and / can help you with that.
meet in our office. Mitchell b95. Could you bring a camera with?
sorry it won't let me DM you back, so like you are basically picking on how you make the video? So I would be better to make a
yea me too ..need to change ...
WOW... Cut me deep.
Finally got a ticket to see Stickfly on Broadway.
Sitting on a park bench outside in downtown Bethesda on warm spring night = little slice of heaven
Restaurant Week Starts TODAY! Join us all week! Your choice of any salad or app, pasta or entree, and a dessert!
Thx!! :RT Everyone looked fab @ #weddingcakevodka but I think rocked the most appropriate look - loved the veil ;)
I still can't get used to having stiches in my mouth. ugh! I can't wait to go back to the dentist to get em out!
Here goes nothin
Is that more important than my "chocolate is good for you" tweet? I think not! ;)
The piano in Dear and The Headlights "It's Gettin Easy" always gets stuck in my head.
what about you
How to Increase Your Fat and Sugar Burning to Aid Weight Loss
Correction: bet
Omg my house just went pitch dark 0.o
Egypt needs the world to get rid of her shameless dictator! Africa needs the world to get rid of her shameless dictators!
but the people that do are the passionate consumers of content that an editor should probably court, no?
GOD > all things
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are the more leisure we have.
When Brains Last in Laboratory Destroy'd
Getting ready for my fights soon. My dad has been doing real hard working out with me. Getting stronger now
you know me so well! We put Nutella on s'mores last night.. Amazeballs. Let's grab a brewski soon dude!
I miss you too!!!!! Your bright face :-) I'm great, just grinding it out baby. And yourself??
Cody obviously followed me because he wanted to follow his dreams.
Texting my Best Friend at 3 in the morning when she needs me most <3
Congrats to for being chosen as the WINNER of our Entrepreneur Stars contest!!!!!
My wife's birthday is in 3 days, but our 10year anniversary is in just 13 days too. What are the rules here? 2 for 1? 50:50 split? Thoughts?
Rex Hudler....for once The Royals team is better than the broadcasters. Yikes.
JUST ANNOUNCED: Sevendust w/ Adelitas Way, Emphatic, and your homeboys in Prosevere @ New Daisy Friday, July 22!
"Knowledge is power!" true statement? is it really? The answer may surprise you. "Knowledge is only powerful when it is put into action!"
yea i dont know wat arsenal means lol(x nd no u haven't mind buyn somethin for me? (;
i read em before they were cool......
i love the porcelain british bull dog! Old World and dignified
My thoughts exactly. Thanks. My question regards an interpretation of a EULA.
I wanna see what his reaction is lmao
except when the guy pitching for WKU is your old high school teammate
Fun fact: Most people who bill themselves as social media experts tweet so often that I would never, ever follow them.
Get up, Get Out, & Get Something…
I hate when my family asks about school or grades or something. Like if your not my parents then don't worry about it.
Ravens ML not looking good. +3 in jeporady too.
love vince
Did you know we have an all-you-can-eat soup and salad combo for only seven dollars? Perfect for those looking for lighter fare.
ALWAYS I GOT YOU BABY GIRL
rhino magic is really simple just eat breakfast and drink 10 glasses of water a day and use our supplements n lose 10lbs a month
Don't delete bad queries, instead label them as such. Save your work in progress!
Man I haven't been on this bitch in a minute
back to kid Cudi
I feel fight-or-flight.
That's actually not a bad thing...
*Blender Noise* "Collin's up..." (Every roommate of mine... ever)
The end of the speech is this: Fear God and keep His commandments. Eccle 12:13
you've either been hacked, or your a robot retweeting anything with QR in it.
Are any Heat fans actually upset at Chris Bosh for missing Game 3 to be there for the birth of his child? Check your priorities, people!
Deff not this week. Getting a buncha stuff outta the way before Coachella this weekend. I'm down the week after tho!
thanks so much!
Thanks Jen! “: great music!!! Thanks for following!! :)”
In Spanish class
duh, it's from the splooge fairy...
Thanks! Now... on to find out about my options :-)
Aw thank you! <3 I'm so glad you liked it!
can u do more imagines plzz
Cody followed my 4th twitter account. He officially loves me (;
B R O O K E books an editorial for Your Wedding Day magazine!
likewise verbal gymnastIx
I'm good did u ever get a new fone
#LMSunSIG accessibility: needs to be equivalent substitution.
That last set outfits was pretty gross, except for Liz's...Call me biased, but I liked everything on Liz. 2b20!
Talkbiznow.com launches V2 in 9 days - free onlineadvertising for everyone! Sign up now and get full benefits.
Framing photos for Forget-Me-Knot Floral in Brookfield. How's your weekend starting off?
Last day of classes. Study Day start tomorrow, 12.15.2011
Had a FANTASTIC weekend, not looking forward to work tomorrow.
We're in the studio tonight laying down some vocals on a new song.
When I write copy, it's not just heavy, it's obese!
Enjoy your weekend! You deserve it!
Well... Tonight? I'm fucking YOU!
wishes the vendor calls from #edu11 would contain the phrase 'congratulations, you won the iPad/KindleFire/XBox/etc...'
I LOVE SUSHI!! With Ross right now pigging out
!!!!!!!!!!!": Smoking weed and watching BET 24/7 is not a job occupation #niggawakeup"
Mistakes are a fact of life: It is the response to the error that counts. -- Nikki Giovanni
can't wait!
Librarians, early on, putting on head lamps to find the way through the information revolution
Ah! Hey stud! You being on twitter makes me happy! Have you found that broad, Michelle? ;)
My phone fell in water again. -___-
#IAlwaysWonderIf Youu Do The Things Youu Do On Purposee Just To Make Me Jealous ?
we will in time we just gettin older
great match w/ barrett.best match ive ever watched
I am looking for some very original fundraising ideas to get me and my classmates to Hawaii over Spring Break. Do you have any ideas?
"Hitch your wagon to a star." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
sounds like so much fun
twitter was always something i could go away to & not give a shit who would read it. now its another FB where everyone knows you.
Today's motto I needed to keep repeating to myself: Stop thinking. Just take action. Action is the only thing that makes a difference.
Two vicodin and all of a sudden I had a tooth yanked out of my head earlier.
#2: face-to-face required: Google Docs + Dropbox + Skype/FaceTime. Pros: easy, can record video. Cons: same as #1, bandwidth.
So what do people think about this:New Day Films no longer sells DVDs, but leases for the life of the disk for the same $300.Licensing hell?
Two-day corporate training is OVER. Time to start the weekend.
call me part of the 11.1%. Happy to agree and agree to disagree any time.
sundays at 1 oak are crazy. having good times with new friends is all me!
Hey ump! Your strike zone is smaller than your brain!
Thanks, that was such a great read.
you gotta dude? Not that out really matters to me tho #TRUTH lol
Oh good call! I think we can agree it takes a show as good as that to get it right tho.
Hi Noticed that you tweeted about your electric bill last week. Have you ever looked into prepaid electricity?
nice meeting you.
How are you?
I'm not either. No worries lol
2 soccer games today! #excited #wishmeluck #love #:)
yeah, told me he met you along the route. Hope you had a great ride!
how does one look like they were mauled by a raccoon?
We don't want dishonest merchants in our wholesale markets. Remember the days of artichokes and peppers. Now we understand each other [1943]
#NowPlaying Mr.Saxobeat by Alexandra Stan
And the power. YEAH! :D
Can the Cats break a streak that has been in existence since I was 8?
oh Opps. ;) he is still happy. :)
Thanks for retweeting us!
I can't give up McFadden sorry
I didn't know 'driving bikes' was possible
And that's not necessarily the worst thing. :) xoxo
that explains why I saw people with glasses in their hands. Wish it was a tad warmer...
haha cause I beat u
Rose is made for picnics.
": i wonder what my first job will be ." a stipper lol .
yeah sure. Chat me on Facebook sometime!
can i please have a follow im a BIG FAN!! (: <3
Follow back, Show me love. :)
Amile Jefferson will be playing for Duke University next season. Stinks he didnt pick UK but I understand,
I want my followers back/:
I put on the Heat Facebook page that Kobe should have took the last shot and got at least 10 likes LOL.
uh, no
Idk why he keep texting me annoying people
Now THAT is a Kindergarten teacher!
if you have not seen or heard of it: www.sellaband.com is an amazing source to raise money for your band or studio recording project. -mbT
Done and done... Filed #AAAtitlegame article to Now time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo...
Hey! :D how are you today?
How many senators did you start Tuesday with and how many did you have this morning. That's who won. Dispute that.
Lol Your welcome :) I love ur Icon Btw :D!!
Took one outside and she didn't know what to do lol
Everyone needs to learn a proper way to manage stress in their life
Mia hit the jackpot at Dave&Busters im thinking about sneaking her lucky azz in potowatomi!
lmaoo ! I'm sorry !
Today is National Honesty Day, so what do you have to confess? What is the biggest lie you ever told? 978-1023 no names just fess up,,,
Stop acting like an asshole when you're around people.
can u please follow me back :))
Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm.....<<-- that's what u get if u type all the letters on your keyboard in a row. hahahahhaha...
Darn my old job for not giving me my check on time! Thank God for working at forever 21 though!
Hahaha, only you would bring up Swedish Fish in an MTV blog. Love ya boo!
I just fond out that I have volleyball game on Halloween, boo:(
Taking pictures with >>>
Steve Blake, bitch!!!
Hosting a group of faculty from Beloit College in my lab this morning. They're curious to learn what I do in there with FOSS, etc.
: that's a tactless and tasteless comment about Gomez, further reinforcing the widely held notion that you're an idiot.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. ~Winston Churchill
Its only 8:40.... I guess i'm going to bed early<3
Thanks Sarah
#BecauseItsFriday It means we get an #AUSTREAM from <3.
Never gave a fuck.
those paper sculptures are amazing!
Philadelphia Inky Jersey bureau started shaking
Talk Derby to me. #derbytime yeaaauhh
LOL I hope he has to resign his job as well, such ethics is not what the Sheriff Depart should present to the public.
He didn't have to lose me to learn to treat a woman right.
San Marcos! We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network! Contact us!
#yougetpointsif you really are who you say you are
It's amazing how much I smile when I'm around you.
IA! RT ...people that believe in one side want people to listen to their side #reidbill, we should be listening to both sides.
Asia Star is so funny!
I will be good at Madden 12 by the end of the night!
All I wanna do is take a nap. I'm so tired
#ThatllBeNice If I Could Spend The Whole Day With You, Everyday <3
Hahaha, I'm assuming was there with you then. I keep hearing people say that she's prehistoric...
Gotcha. ;) Following you now - would love to have you guest write
Im great. g2g bye
Break a leg!!
Kaytal: the court will realize that the country needs a resolution on this issue.
I would like to develope a more expressive style. I feel like a just copy images in the classes.
thanks for the RT
I feel like I should be playing some elevator music today since my building is a voting location, but is that politically biased?
Conan proved he's the best in the biz again tonight!
I bow down to the master!!!!
: 2/2 st lighting up old fire
Vomiting crew lets the machines do some repair work for them...fixed some damage in corridor one.
Been DVRing for years. It's my sunshine!
Talking disaster recovery at #texastechnologysummit2012 in Houston.
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
I love when rainy days coincide with hangovers
Thinking about making a new twitter...
Great Networking breakfast with the Dulles Chamber this morning! Met many new friends!
ok then im just following ok
How is everyone doing on tis lovely day?
UL UK match up in the final four = epic
This fool just told he's part porkpourri lmao
lol thank u! sorta sad but really excited too...hows the job hunt going? lol it's been a while but I remember talking about that
AS long as you can get in and out of there quickly (haha) you should be fine. Only 4 th inning.
Glee has recently made a few Dawson's references.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Athletic Dept only sends one way airfare.
We've reached over 100 followers! Thank you to all who are supporting us! :)
cant wait until the opens too! Did you know you can get in FREE when you support you or your child's school?
ma petite i knw i should've called back... dnt worry ima call u sometime soon. jspr k u va bien?
I know :( I was so sad. Poor old guy. He will be missed #swamppeople he is now in swamp heaven ✌
my reputation. is ruined )': i need someone to vent to </3
Get your cardio while building muscle with weights - Chicago Daily Herald
You guys go together like lamb and tuna fish
Don't call it a come back
Incorrect grammar and spelling for txt talk or actual English?
When my math homework is too hard my tutor cant do it...
The campaign blogblr, right.
you keep it for now! Don't share.
I need to go to the gym, but laying on the couch watching boy meets world sounds so much better...
We'll talk in lunch (:
Just got to see the legend, the man, the myth at lunch... That guy is just all sorts of LEGIT
Down to the final 3 rehearsals for the The Christmas Message at the Rock Church. It will be on 12/11/2011 at 11am. Hope to see you a there!!
I'm going to dade to take my PERT. Can we do it Tuesday?
power aid throwback lol
Runner's temp tattoo auction tops $11K: " I will be announcing the winner of my eBay auction this Wed. Winning bid was $11,100"
TIP: Poker can be a fun night out, but it doesn't go well with alcohol consumption. Try to limit your alcohol intake to 1 to 2 drinks.
Give yourself a bit of a break! I'm fairly certain not ALL of your word turn out wrong, right?
Paul is sexy
People take shit to seriously, chill out dude
Excess and mass marketing invading HE #edu2011 but masses aren't listening anymore. We r branded to death
thank you(:
lol SHUTUP my booty was moving :))
I can take a phrase that's rarely heard, flip it and now its a daily word
I could eat Greek food forever and ever. Yum!!!
Not into
RT if is not following you. Favorit if is following you
Thanks you very much for the twitter love for our grand opening event series. Hope to see you there!
just in my 4th block. Being a teachers assistant
I guess you can "learn" from your mistakes when it happens once or maybe twice..but not all the time...it's redundant... ;) xoxo
If you are at make sure you mention us and share your pictures !! Let's Go !!!
I got to class on time #saywhat That doesn't happen that often
Wish someone would tweet me cute messages for when i wake up.
Gossip Girl blew my mind tonight, how is that storyline going to work?? #bartbass - cc
The reason there are so many PGH topics trending is because you have your location set to Pittsburgh. But I agree
I keep dozin but can't stay asleep.. It always happens the night b/4 a busy day..
Jessold was one of those miss-my-subway-stop books. Remember reading the end that way. Metropolis similar effect.
NC is the latest state to effectively slam the door shut on same-sex marriages.---> My personal views on the matter are "evolving."
we're excited to have you join us this year!
wanna watch the video!!!
Love that you and the family are visiting a children's museum. Got to love it when learning is so much fun!
There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment.
lol shut up
Do tell... What makes beautiful human beings have low self esteem??? I don't get it...stay strong my sisters, you ARE all that & more. Xx
I got a condo on my wrist I'm cashin out !!!
Who is Matt Barnes' tattoo artist? Satan?
!!!! RT Take a study break with tonight at 11 in the ZSR! Be there or be []
Who's going to #WOMMA in Seattle tomorrow? Anybody know if I can attend just the #SMC reception?
If have only a few aggregated sources, federated search may still suffice
It'll happen... and more than once I promise that. :P
South station, here we come
: can u tell me about the rabbits?
WITTY WED: So how bad is the economy really doing, you ask? "A picture is now only worth 200 words."
Taking Ethan and Jonah camping and climbing. Pretty excited.
expand your beer horizons some. Not that you'll have that opportunity at that place.
Hahahaha i hate you
y u no text back? :(
going to be bawlin my eyes out next week.
Anyone who uses a meme as a comeback is legit. This fella is alright.
Nice! Congrats on the weight loss. It's going to be a great summer of running in MKE!
Hope so. Def wasnt worth 2011 contract, but he fits well w/ team RT : Thompson's comment in the press release hints at new deal
If yu dnt got no ass bitch wear a pancho!
I-95.! Got my Simply Lemonade, Muchies (cheese fix), and Izzy(iPod).... everythings #JustFine. Next Stop Savannah 106 miles.!
I had to look up tunt in the urban dictionary. I get it....
You were missed today!
Looking for alternative bands from Milwaukee to swap shows in Chicago...anyone?
Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant! -
Small child here has informed everyone that he knows a lot about Brer Rabbit because he just has "a really big brain."
At what word length does a blog post stop being a blog post?
8am :) how bout you?
Pacers are getting no love on ESPN from and co.
Worked out today tough but focused. Felt great afterward got to repeat my efforts tomorrow a.m. Exercise buddies let me hear you.
You bet! Sorry for the late response but I appreciate the
and you act like it was nothing!!
=^.^= Offer for Shelves,chrome,pk 5 – METRO | Garage Storage ...
Honey, be careful with that. You know you ain't got a lot of junk in that truck. Happy Friday, sir.
Rack City Bitch Rack Rack City Bitch!!!! :)
"Those exchanges happen all the time during the course of an NBA season." I don't know Coach Spo, maybe they happen all the time in Miami..
you look cute as fuck<3
Who is ready for baseball ? I know the Superfans sure are.
RT : Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true. -- Leon Suenens, Clergyman
" gunna be mega fun on saturday! [Aw yeah!]
I wish I was home :(
Hardest thing ever? Controlling your laughter at serious times.
Whoops. Meant Uncle Boonmee, Senna etc
and Robb how do you feel about him injecting himself with MRSA and then going under a surgical procedure?
Good day mixing drinks 4 the spring menu. Will be heading out 2 see Ashley 4 her last night bartending
Dont say one thing and do another
Just accepted my FB invite for the party in honor of the birth of It's going to be all the rage in the 'sau that weekend.
Getting a wrrist band that says "In Jesus Name I Play"
Antz in pants. Just do it
Venture Brothers Rule!
Michael David '09 PetitePetit - huge red blend of Petite Syrah & Petit Verdot, structured, delicious, long finish, under $20, rated 5 stars!
#Dinner time! Patio weather - who's craving sushi???
Offer ends Dec. 31st!
And everyone thought she was faking it what the fuck, who fakes what I'm guessing is a panic attack like wtf everyone needs to go to hell
yeah at 7:30 - so excited to see you tomorrow!! (are you teaching concert weekend? i want to take a class!)
Want to know about sponsoring the first ever Pittsburgh Vintage Mixer - a vintage vendor fair? Email us!
I'm cold /: I wish I could cuddle with 1 of my celebrity crushes :,(
that statement is false. Sushi's mainstream.
Such a wonderful anology!
Just got a perk for the first time -- sample of #LiptonTeaHoney. Just the idea of it makes me thirsty.
ur dad wanted me to tell u that u tweet too much (;
DS: calling it now... If he's available, Ozzie Newsome will select Dontá Hightower in the NFL Draft.
Happy New Years from Kyle Ean, Kelly Ann, & the entire Haggerty Studio Family!
re: NYC psychiatrists can't make big $$ outside of a crazy city?
major insomnia
- love it! haven't seen you in forever! xoxo
Hahaha love this so much!!!
That amazing moment when you find money in your clothes that you forgot was there.
You're very welcome! :)
Let's Go Dawgs!
NGLC looks for overlaps between their goals and higher ed's goals.
I always start eating a chocolate bunny by the ears. :3
real ninjas troubleshoot
I'm Philly born & bred. Big fan.Tore my achillies playing bball. Was operated on Tues.Said we had same surgery.Any suggestions?
we needed someone who would anger new york. Even i was screaming.
"He took my leg. I don't intend to give him my ass!" - 2010: Moby Dick
I am leaving and never coming back
*flings it across the room*
No charge for the class -- donations accepted!
What do you think racetweeps? RT : Planning a VERY cool giveaway for Tues. What's best thing an #IndyCar fan could win?
Oh Shoot Let Me Get My Phone Now =]
But Pug is awesome! Since the Bertram chicks seem to come as a package, I'd have to go with them...
thanks for the mention! -Mr Gordwin
Dude from Africa just bought a mixtape and asked to get a picture with me.lol Way 2 Serious bout to touchdown in that MotherLand.lol
awww... will we see at 9 month? : Going to 3 month school and wish my girls would be there!!!
I love sleepovers with my best friend!
Merry Christmas from Davalos Tequila! Celebrate with a glass of Davalos Anejo! It's exactly what Santa is doing now. Promise.
That shower felt good, I needed that. Washed all the bad from my soul 👽
thanks for the RT!
Call me cynical but Hobo with a Shotgun isn't that great. Which depresses me.
It's cold af..!! Shouldn't have drunk that float
Thanks for the RT's - Happy Mother's Day!
please follow mee!!
Congrats on winning $30 to our online store! Send us a DM to get your code! The rest of you, watch for another code next week!
Lakers in trouble
Bravo to you for playing our favorite vocalist and song of all time - Whitney will be missed-THANK YOU!
here ya go!
