im so fast i hit the light switch im in bed before the room get Dawk!
I know! I'm gunna go get that stuff thooo.
Just bought China Mieville's PERDIDO STREET STATION on and 's recommendation. What have I let myself in for?
More Money and Success Cometh Now!
Eh. It would take a transparent agency and an open-minded client. A novice designer and a seasoned CTO could be a disastrous pairing.
Big mtn ride today. Fast descent. Attacked it. Chinese fd 2nite - gonna attck that 2!
Just watched Citizen Kane with you. It was glorious. I learned a whole lot. And I thought I knew a whole lot.
changing password now. cheers and thx.
It is likely for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limitations and troubles.
Hi Brian! We went 2 school 2gether, grad.n same class. Congrats on all of ur success! I nvr miss a shw here n C'ville Luv u guys
Front row seats at Jack Johnson, thank youu
Yes. I will go to math tomorrow, will NOT turn in any of my work, and will most likely fail the test
(Not really news in OB/GYN or clinical care, just out of reach cost-wise for most in situations where EC is wanted.)
I love that boy!!
No coat needed in #Bloomington today. Gorgeous outside!
At the #BGHotRods game!:) just caught a shirt!
Even my heart beat wakes me up
I used to have one that routinely changed Edinburgh to dingleberry. Which seemed a bit harsh.
Goodnight twitter(:
probably mid week next week! Release is at City Provisions #CCBW Beer Dinner 5/21 with
I'm also a JCR fan. And a Bridges fan, but his voice has reached unholy mumbling levels.
Please Follow Us For Live Jazz!!
My #Braves beat the Phillys in a great crazy game tonight. Go Braves!
i cant get through either! yeah thats the only one i know!
I just got several thousand requests from North Carolina citizens wanting to move here. Did they run out of BBQ or something?
Praisable Press 7 is coming. Stay tuned.
It might be incredibly early, but Lunardi has #mubb projected at a 5 seed in the tourney.
I'm in
Yes! I haven't seen you since Stubby's!
Every time you speak, I can't help but think a monkey with a cymbal would clearly make you get your point across better.
#2brokegirls = BEST SHOW EVER!!!
Ms. Dolan…Please Realize That”Good Morning, I’m Not Wearing Any Underwear” Is “Not” How We Answer The Phone Here At Citibank…
Whatever u need me to do, I'm there!
I'm at the library now and was literally just thinking to myself about how loud the librarians were! #areyoume?
quickly tomorrow!
Even though had a good time in Chicago, glad to be going home.
consider this an official song request. RT : get to sing his Russian version of Pussycat Dolls
I fucking hate cramps.
everythingg starting to get better :]
Checking out www.bethemessage.com.
its beautiful! But ouch on the pricetag
#houston friends get a pair of guie #shoes for only $50 bucks! #fairtrade #hadmade flats to stand out!
stone ruination and a 2010 bigfoot. paired well with NBA night cap.
Dug out some Kingston Trio for Sunday morning music session
Happy President's Day! Are we the only ones at work??? :)
Were You At??? ( Boost Mobile Voice).
Love that show show too!! Please keep holding on!!! Cheers!!
this tweet was part of her tweetorial
No leader leads alone - they have a clarity of vision #iwd leaders are not as important as their vision
You're welcome.
and to all of our other followers THANK YOU! We greatly appreciate you all!
Modern medicine has already discovered that love increases the human immune response. Create more love everyday.
Happy Birthday, Mr. President! May God continue to protect & bless you...Barack H. Obama!!
okay good tip. Is this because it's impossible to combine the two. Need to know. How about pants wetting. Can I combine?
Ha. Thank you. It's hard to be number one. Thanks for the favorite.
Working on the #ComedyCentral show NTSF:SD:SUV:: today! Booked without an audition!
Stand up for the arts today Marylanders! Tweet to your US Congressman why the arts matter to YOU.
lol now isn't that nice...
Okay--spellcheck that last one.."where" instead of "wear"? That would be the hangover talking..
I'm enjoying my new phone too much (:
Hawks win! Wait, Winnepeg got their team back? Sweet.
Completed 1st reading of Vogue Knitting's #Crochet magazine. Many good projects, esp. 4 newbie like me! Lots of lovely options 4 all levels.
The road to success is always under construction.
Popping back on for Bengals at least. Melvin Ingram seems sensible but who knows with this draft.
Welcome to Utopia #PublicLibrary, where "attendants" watch your children & weirdos are barred from entry.
Let's shoot for 19 more followers by tomorrow to hit 200! C'mon fans!
Next big mobile techn to watch from : image recognition (low infrastructure content delivery) & augmented reality
congrats on the #allstar team big man
During my year at NIU.......i earned 1 C, 2B's and 8 A's.
purr-T pink!!
haha! Good! Cause.... Hitting people is mean. And clarissa isn't mean anymore :)
Nice, did it also have the "under construction" animated gif?
Dear Crayola, Please make a new color called "Jersey Shore Orange" Sincerely, The world.
how fun!!! enjoy, cant wait to see it!!
That's right, I was thinking of Guemes. cold cold cold here. If this is global warming we're getting a raw deal.
there's this kid that has a great voice just like yours and he is he's a great person
still at Jade's (:
On webinar with #mozesinc, invaluable #sponsorship information with industry giants and !
Thanks for the follow back! Have a great Friday!
With #Santorum out of the race, #Gingrich becomes the de-facto second-place challenger. He'll stay in until the convention.
It Feels Like Friday , I Wish It Was ! -_____- Today Should Be Surprising <3
I can't wait for the RobSexy talk Library
Re-calibrated my awesome scale this afternoon. Turns out it was actually a 21.
I guess Joe Biden made a pre-nuptial announcement.
Bumpin all day
That moment when you find yourself being happier than ever before<3
Im just livin 1 hell of life!
man you and aa been preaching #Bud Ice since 97. Maybe you need to reach out. I say Isner runs the table, bryans win too.
Would you want to live rent-free in the basement of Edgar Allen Poe's house, in the Bronx?
I've never done anything to you! But you literally kill me! I'm like dying inside!
Oh I once seen you in Atlanta w/ the rest of AI Season 5 constestant, changed my life forever and can't complain.
down....they needed a starter not a backup
yeah! Hanging out all 3 days! Tomorrow we'll be at the bank clothing tent all day. And AMP musicians saturday @ 5:45 & Sunday @ 3
I should have smoked a Dutch and went to bed at midnight. I was on autopilot for hours last night.
Late show with Craig Ferguson!
I'm ready to win it. What do you wish of me?
You know I will bro. Let me figure out what I can donate first, and then I'll start pubbing it early this week.
Celebrating Milwaukee's birth with the Mke Press Club tonight!
game of thrones season 2 premiere.
Carly:"Why can't you read at home?" Sam:"My mom keeps yelling at the cat to get a job..." HAHAHAHA
Sir Charles and Kenny the Jet as co-hosts
Thank you Knicks!!! #GRIZZNATION appreciates you. Now we gotta grind it out tomorrow for hca.
How are Rick Buck and Melanie doing from season 2? Still together? Let's get an update before season 4 starts.
Oh my god. Most. Intense. Movie. Ever.
Hey Wendy, As always, many thx for the RT!
I know a lot about single-scroll turbochargers and sodium-filled exhaust valves after this morning.
At 22, I said that as an academic, "I'll keep one foot in the academy and one foot out." Am amazed that it's really worked out like that!
Bottles?!?! Last minute hookup text our host @ 630.235.7357 throughout the night! We're open late #Chicago!!!
I am sad must wait 2 weeks for the near chapter
Every time I see a picture of that tanning mom from New Jersey, I am so glad that I've never had the patience for tanning.
Please take a few minutes to check out our Reverbnation page as well as our FB page! WE NEED LOTS OF FANS!!!!!
You know, and I know you know and you know that I know you know what you know!!!
an early good morning to you, too! safe travels all the way out to vienna. hope you're doing well
Eric Sims wrote: “Beliefs create reality” -Melody Beattie
Funtime question of the day! Take a look at your iTunes and the 25 most played - which song is #10?
sorry for the delayed reply. She (Madden) got 2nd degree murder charge. Still sad for both families. Two African Amer in college
I have been tired af all day! but after how long I slept yesterday, no more naps for me, ever! hell naaa! -.-
idgaf that he hates me though hes a bitch lol
Was it you who brought in those brownies today?
Listening to Donny Hathaway. The man was a genius.
Really pumped for another Everest show in San Francisco! March 4th @ The Independent
Two of our designers and are helping today by reviewing student portfolios this afternoon
The Bakehouse bread of the month for April is Italian Feta! Available every Saturday all month long!
Coach Cal extends an invitation to ex UK players to work out at Ky. Make tix available!where do u think money earned should go? tell us!
RT : Congrats to future Big12 member TCU - Mountain West Conf. champs for 3rd consecutive year, first time that's been done.
Kentucky players signed as free agents: Matt Roark #Patriots, Ronnie Sneed #Lions, Anthony Mosley #49ers & Ryan Tydlacka
NO THANKS on the Jeep offer :-) Id love to have more Haiti connections though!
Sort of. I was there, but there's an insanely long line so I passed up the glory of her cooking. They don't take reservations!
Can u please tell me if i could still enter the contest??? i would really love to enter it
It's May Day. If you're not wearing ruffle panties and getting toasted on good scotch, you're wasting everyone's time.
Off to iu soon.
Our kitchen is cooking scrumptious meals for you next week. On EL menu: Apricot Roast Pork, Chicken Piccata, Chicken Tortilla Soup & more!
Wudup Peyton u r da next Dwayne Wade dog my name is Julian paz from AZ i am 17 and i hope u do good at Louisville
hey when are you free this week??
Did you stop hating them when Bruce Bowen left? Is that it?
Oh. *laughs* i was wondering why it was all over my timeline.
Some people just break thru your wall and you have no choice but to let them in all my defenses are no match.
We have a brake from the rain. Come on in and enjoy. We have some great food and fun for everyone.
My throat hurts, I think I'm getting sick /:
haha I know I just wanted to start some tweef. But I diz NOT HOLY CRAP I JUST FIGURED OUT HOW TO LOCK THE CAPS LOCK! AWEsome!
No more school for me , till I start my nursing career (:
Yo Anthony! Stop by booth 318 to start our scavenger hunt. They prizes won't disappoint!
I love the southern guy with the arrow in the walking dead<3 only reason i watch the show anymore
thank you (:
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
Got a smile on my face after seeing what the Memphis Grizzlies did to the L.A. Clippers tonight in Memphis! Gotta love the Beale St. Blue!
word? Hit me up on sat or sun
When Jacob comes by >>
Just bought my homecoming dress! I cant wait :D
please tell us more. I would have love to be part of it. Can you send a link?
let me knoe if uy find out
For sure! RT Looking forward to setting some dates for The Bullpen, Nats Park, or Truckeroo this year!
Happy Monday!
You are so. lucky
"It is the summer of my smiles. Flee from me; keepers of the gloom." From the song, "The Rain Song" by Led Zeppelin.
Thanks for following and supporting us, please also like us on Facebook!
Please disregard and don't click on any errant, explicit messages with my account name...I've been hijacked in a virus scam...thanks!
Subscribe RSS · Email · Mobile
Thanks for the shout out, !
Thanks boo!
oh, that's cool
alright government, it's just you and me.
I knew it was a man. Didn't expect the Piano shot. Don't know what the movie is about, but intrigued? Haha :)
Woohoo -- 3,997,996 documents delivered! We're almost to 4 million and learning who has won our giveaway.
Follow ACLS Digital Innovation Fellows! Who else is out there?
LOL!!!! No plans to go back to Oregon ever! They move to slow up there!!!
lol I'm jk! They look nice
unless of course you ate 11. Then you times 100 ties me
Follow Please.!! She Wants You To Follow Her REALLY BAD :)
Listening to cable car (the fray) on a cable car, feeling emotional and great
Oh my God. My room smells so highly of weed. I really hope my parents don't come home soon.
party it up
shut up!
No such thing as a minor lapse of awareness. You’re either present with what is - right here, right now - or you’re someplace else. Ten
Gregory's wife worked for FannyMae - why are we surprised by his speaking at a Republican advocacy group function?
The great and powerful is now on twitter! Oh haappppyy daayyy!
A saviour will be there when you are feeling alone<3-BVB
A coon in need is a coon indeed.
m---k! ChapMAN uko
Whatever you're looking for in the Universe is lookin for you
": “: Your Ralph Lauren from Ross or Marshals isn't shit.” lmfaooooo" :b
----hold on. jus' a little while longer
What do you love with YOUR wings? Ranch or Bleu Cheese?
It is profoundly more important that we truly love people than that they like us.
you'll be fine!
The enhanced SOTU broadcast is an interesting idea. We'll definitely be talking about it during class on Thurs.
iPhone photography... Thoughts... Ideas?!
watch out I have the power to ruin you life in one cough for the next 24 hours
I'm still fascinated how that could have happened in the first place...
Need a new song? Go to the Performing Arts Library at Lincoln Center - it'll blow your mind.
been hurting out here!
The table next to us complained 4 times about their food and server. I almost confronted them on their selfishness and attitude. Would you?
why couldn't i blessed with dancing skills? no, i got intelligence and awkwardness instead..boohoo.
Butterfly in the sky, I can fly twice as high... so take a look, it's in a book READING RAINBOW
Greetings fellow Mancow/ Motley fan. What's happening?
Hey What's the best thing on the menu?
mayor is a public service. Refuse your salary and rid assistant positions! Saving city potentially millions!
10 Point Game
thank you!
The weather (wx) is beautiful today in Florida. I actually got out side dide laundry and vacumed couch & fan
damn. that's depressing.
Parade on in the background, trying to teach myself to fold paper stars. Happy thanksgiving all!
Yup. Grateful 4 him RT : tweeps, since most of you are #Brewers fans...Are you rooting for Prince Fielder to do well in Detroit?
Because most companies don't see immediate return in blogging because it takes time and effort. FB takes two seconds.
Listening to Mac Miller <3
We UltraSound More Vaginas By Noon, Then Everyone Else Does All Day!
#sla2009 offered most excellent wisdom and guidance on leadership and leading - from Colin Powell to Neil deGrasse Tyson.
roughing the kicker!!! wuz up with that??
Sanctuate! will be on Channel 6's tomorrow (3/29, 9am) - see our in action & watch for a special offer!
Opening night for the Ducks at Honda Center, who's here? Quack out loud.
Panera & new lip gloss :-)) the perks of skipping class
bo the title is misleading, as he didn't live alone for 40 years. Cool story though. :-)
Was just thinking about, lots people I know are going contracting to full-time jobs.
WE GET IT SOMEBODY JACKED YA DAMN JACKET AND FRIDGE!!!
He found time to engage me, and to change me every day.Coco Chanel
#seco2012 is off to a great start. Tonight, join SECO for the Opening Reception at the Marriott Marquis hotel starting at 8:00 PM.
yes we did
it starts tomorrow
it seems that a widow in France, tired of getting tax demands for her late husband, had his mail forwarded to the cemetery...only en France
right on!
Just above Hipster NE Mpls, just below Frendly Fridley. Used to by my 'hood.
One more day to get to the Pittsburgh Glass Center Holiday Show -- 10 - 4 today.
“: Who wants to teach me Spanish?” baby I do I will love to help u
Welcome. Thanks love
Thanks for the RT! We're looking forward to the event!
The app is called 360.
Cake cake cake cake cake
lmfao yeahh ! haha i thought you knew lol pretty much everyone does ^.^
The Clinton version of #HCR was more gov oriented than 'Obamacare's' market oriented version Romeny praises Clinton. Romney=govt take over??
P.S. Your phone just buzzed telling you about this tweet... but I have it
Will Ferrell is a fool!
pics or it didn't happen RT“: Going to work braless and commando. Why, u ask...because I can!! Bam!!”
I'm cool with voting, plan on going myself. But if you don't feel that you're educated on the candidates or issues enough then don't go.
can't wait!
Love shooting His shows are fun and entertaining for sure! Great musician and voice. Wow!
Thanks for entering #KeyToBlackKEys Giveaway for Black Keys tickets!
Sounds like a text/conversation I've probably had...or something I'VE SAID lol
Happy selling. Let us know your feedback
Personal. We do have a band wall too, which has a good number of photos people have posted from the dates.
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you’ve got plenty to watch. - Anonymous
"Katie has waited 10 years to be ordained. What has happened to you in the last 10 years?"
Hurray Mittens!
Great to connect with both of you in the work of improving the lives of America's Children! Irvin here!
are you in Kentucky yet??
You might contact the mfrs. too for discontinued or tradeshow-worn samples. They get a deduction & good PR.
This design thing is makin me tired. Shits lookin coo tho.
strike that. 3 links from and no prompt. I'll be shutting up now. Well done !
What are you looking for? RT : Where r future #FitFluential DUDE Ambassadors? Are u a GUY that's bringing it & sharing it online?
Fun fact. American credit cards cannot be used in many shops and restaurants in England.
depends on who ya wit lmao
It's 1030. Why is there this horrible traffic !
mentally I would agree, especially the Iowa style where it is nonstop from the opening second - grueling just watching it.
Take it back :(
Add birthday wishes from Candy and Simon in Boston.
Could Dmitry Medvedev stand against his mentor Vladimir Putin and run for a second presidential term? WNA tonight
Red label n coke Woot!
!!+||+ G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I wish there was some sort of Gaffirmative Action that could help me get into grad school just for being gay.
Mumford and Sons on the lawn by Bass
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral hearing these wack ass songs on the radio when there is so much talent who gets no play.
I don't even know where to begin. This sucks.
#Ward1TownHall is going great -- great turn out!!
Now has recording samples available for your listening pleasure @ www.myspace.com/danielfoldes. Tell me what you think.
Thursday via train, should get there by lunch. I'm packing a lot in that afternoon!
guess we know who the sucker is now
Today was "search day" at school kids got searched for drugs!! I walked into the hallway and saw a boy in his boxer getting searched!
Niggasz be slandering other niggasz name just to get some pussy that the shit i don't like
hi KT, thanks again for the invite. Had a great time hangin with the pharmacist. See you at MAC
Keep digging yourself in a hole you can't get out of really it's entertaining
The buffalo is spicy but not super hot.
Still going?
Is it because you're so hot-n-spicy? (Ya know how opposites attract) “: Hey fans , why are you so fucking cool ?”
Got a preview for y'all from the mixtape coming at 8
(c) & how girls see those images and get eating disorders and stuff, and all the boys were laughing about it....I actually got pretty upset.
First person to mention this post at our #Madison #WI Store gets $10.00 off any order.
- love it!
yay! i love the visual of Twister for your soul! thanks for reading :D
May 16 - 27, its starts today #CannesFilmFestival - Wish we could be there!
we both know what you must do
Make it a back pain free day!!!
yea and it was loud too.
Everybody has a breaking point. Including almost every condom.
I facebook stalk you all the time....
Anyone taking bets on whether or not Congress will roll Obama much as the Dems did to Jimmy Carter?
if you're flirting with my ex, don't bother trying talk to me as if we're friends
Y my aunt hit da pole on dis bus! Lol! Dis sum BS!
#thatawkwardmoment when you find out justin bieber is older than you
fine and you?
Took too long to load.
same issue here, what was the answer?
Tonight on 10; Reax to IA/ISU Bowls and your latest winter weather forecast!
Fake laughter is the best reassurance....for others.
4 reminders per day to take a few shots. Go outside and take some shots of someone approaching you from afar. Good job!
"Yeah, I'd like to talk sometimes Charlie. Uh...maybe when I get back? .. Uh .. in six months." owned by tess, charlie.
We seriously need to talk about this artist/designer/developer position you have open. I know you're listening. ;)
kirko bangz "drank up in my cup" man hold up i got swangers on the truck. Screwston tx.
ESM client Lionel Smith , CB, Tex AM has best workout at A&M Pro Day!
yep. that was definitely a sign for me to stop. it cannot happen.
Actually, that's not entirely true - there was a stop at Five Guys for food in between bc I overheard talking about it today.
I'm ready that go maybe I can win
#SaySomething is the perfect summer song 😃💓💓when is it on itunes?
See, you can't misspell it even if you want to!
I've had zero luck so far in Boston as well
denver you now have the best mexican food deliveried right to your door look us up at picososmexicanfood.com for more info on yahoo
Thanks for the RT! How's the editing coming along?
Black Friday Deals are coming!
and why do I see your trucks handle "egg product" ?
Act like a woman think like a boss ♛
i'm still paranoid about their security model, so i just keep things there that i wouldn't mind seeing in the newspaper
Are we friends on Facebook? Have you recommended our page?
Just added a 140+ year old photo of North Broadway south of Ashburton Avenue in Yonkers, NY. www.VictorianSource.com
come bff!
Can I get a refill??
When I was a Cowboy Fan at HU (1974-78) and survived all of the Redskin Fans. Living in ATL & Chi - is easier
i'm gonna cut you
new york times and nbc news are covering brooklyn bridge arrests
Hu beautiful girl
you can get the drugs from derek LMFAOOOO JK when i asked him where he got them from he said idk..im going to ask him tom
Ha! Luv that guy! RT You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. - Yogi Berra
Going back to mid 90s this weekend in DFW! But today is SO nice! Wish it would stick! What do you want to see this autumn?
You also thought WPT Prague was gonna be under 450 and it got 571.
bum followed me down Forbes for 4 blocks, yelling, when he spit 5 feet, almost hitting me so I looked at him weird
Does she understand what multi dimensional mean? He's good, but 5 opera songs vs 4 different genres. Hm...
It's gonna take one title and LBJ will get peace. Folks said Manning couldn't win til he did. LBJ Wants to be Pippen, not MJ.
Yo Don, don't drag Foghat into this, please. Shank Hall, Milwaukee, '96, before the passing of Lonesome Dave. Top 5 alltime
In the redzone. Holding breath.
That's greats. See you have a common proper name. Who in the hell gone hiring somebody named Jacquisha They cant pronounce it
I didn't say it was awful! I just said I'd rather spoon my eardrums out than have to listen to it for more than 3 minutes.
Hey now!
Fixed, thanks!
I could do it for you boo(:
The panel overlooks Korean conflict. A nasty three years often forgotten.
uggh. Hope you make home soon.
Safe travels home...glad the gig went well.
About to flip out in confusion ... Texts . 304-608-2662
Hurricane season begins early as Theory of a Deadman blows into the Chameleon
definitely.. And watching playing and coaching are all completely different and it takes certain types to be able to do it
I never tire of Ken Burns' Baseball. It still grabs me even after double digit views. And I'm not really a baseball fan.
Hour and a half later, still no Lupe sighting.
You're absolutely right. Perfect.
At Sheds Aquarium
I have some of the BEST friends EVER! Got a care package from a couple bridesmaids & a home cooked meal from
And not a revenue model in sight! RT : Wow there are 50,000,000 blogs out there!
Luis Rivera should be suspended as a judge what fight was he watching
"Every year getting shorter/Never seem to find the time"
#blackgirlsrock ...yeah, we do don't we.
#3wordforyou get lost loser
good! Did you get invited to littlemonsters yet? How is your life? What have you been up too??
I often tell myself they live in Opposite Land which explains y they get everything wrong.
& in the end you can't trust anyone but yourself.
What did the baby corn say to the mom corn?.. Where's pop corn? LOLOLOL c:
dude same here. the one in the AC robs me all the time.
Been in Tel Aviv for a day and I already feel scrutinized and uncomfortable.
Yeah, I forgot that they were signing Padilla. A's or DBacks. O's had interest until they heard he doesn't like sushi.
Got to be the sure shot RT “: Today we salute Guru he died April 19 2010 but he lives FOREVER!”
Oof. It's a good thing I don't watch DWTS.
hope you are all having a good holiday weekend. my neighbors are cranking the Otis Redding -- Sweet!
⚛ If I could tell my story in words... I wouldn't need to lug around this Camera ⚛
Going to take a nap by the pool. :)
So not ready for work tomorrow. Can't I just stay home and bake cookies? :(
The only limits I face today will be those I self impose. God Himself is holding open the door to my purpose and I'm walking through it.
I've tried that. Not as effective as you'd think. ;)
have you ventured back home already?
Damn Girrl , you wear more blush in a day then i wear in a year ! -.-
Im so excited for the Nicki Minaj music video in 3 min !!!!
yea 2 more weeks
lol other things???? Lol guess what I'm thinking.....lmaoooo
cool lets get it rollin!!
im in college lol and i personally dont give that out sorry lol
Ever just want to kick people in the head and just ask wtf is the matter wth u?
Chicago looks to be wet the next few days. Packing my $5, plastic, camping rain coat. I ain't shame. And I won't be wet.
Nothing better than a freaking out child before the flight. Screams "No Mom, please I don't want to fly". Oh please no!
do cats like sardines?
Just tell'em yes...in about 6 months ;) RT YOU GUYS, SOMEONE JUST ASKED IF WE HAD THE HUNGER GAMES. ON DVD. THE FUCK?
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i will stab everyone in the except for my crush & my best friend ...
I did
Why did someone start playing country on the jukebox
Hey selfish prick celebrity it’s me obligatory asshole twitter guy. How bout a mutha fuckin ReTweet you Bitch!
Ugg... I dislike pushy annoying people who assert themselves over everyone, meaning my neighbors.
been working a lot
Good luck to you both! Can't wait to hear the news!
 more followers than I have  followers please help have that goal and I will follow u back please 
it's a developer account so you can put Twitter into your website
YOU are amazing! Thanks for being a pioneer with us and getting right in there! You're performance was awesome!
Ah, the '60s - when "chisel-jawed blokes with graying temples helped women with pointy knockers into their chinchilla stoles."
LOL, I just can't "No gossip today! I gotta get this coochie together because being tardy for the party is late! "
ah i see thanks I'm new lol
there she was just a girl. she expected the world
more stressful than a couple hundred pounds on your back (I don't have kids yet)?
Having sex dreams about girls . . . awkward.
I have the biggest headache right now.
I understand. I had to start over some years back but you will be better than ever. Don't ever give up. you have a special gift
Odd question, but anyone know where I can buy a #tattoo gun? I am conducting a little experiment...I may be on to something awesome.
oh yea!
They were few in number but by the look in their eye I could see that they would leave only in victory or death
sermon time i want to wild out i really do but im holding it in
U could b a black bird Hidin from da world with a broken wing Scared of da rain just 'cause ur scared to sing u believe ur gonna fly with me
Doing push-ups is really boring without & Video skype next time, ladies! ;)
Luv to hear this! RT finished & I think Im going to have to go buy more highlighters! That book inspired me.
any specific recommendations on sources for learning technical SEO in depth? blogs, seminars, training courses?
One month of school left! Thank the lord.
YVW! |:) Yes~pic~taken @ mix&meet autograph signing after #Tulsa Swan Lake #Ballet perf~b4 hanging up pointe shoes!~semi~retired!
Barnett doesn't care about music, so his life has a "gametrack" rather than a soundtrack.
No work for the holiday? Check out The Real King's Speech or any of Revolver Entertainment USA's other great movies!
Went to the mall and got myself my first pair of Vans today. ~le swag~
i doubt it
lol smh ya'll were crazy. I'm at my moms house right now.
it got hot in there so I moved..
go to Nia at Cheeky Vintage. She is independent but works out of their space, and is AMAZING.
Me and and Jack just wrestled 4 guys for Lupe Fiascos shirt!! Amazing night can't wait till tomorrow
not the capitalist teddy bear again! (our security is useless. just lies here. useless.)
hey how are u sir
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
My friends drink tastes like Robitussin. I want to puke.
ALL TEENS! TONIGHT! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE 8015 BANDERA RD. DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX! EVERYONE FREE TIL 8PM
Another hoosier win!!!!
Three of my favorite things - beet greens, bulgur and eggs! Gotta try!
I totally understand! Sounds like you need some fresh air!
all quiet, but working hard behind scenes. No candidates I've heard yet. Def by end of May..prob 2 weeks or so
Get a manicure at Strange Beauty Show, start at $12 (773) 252 - 9522!
Aw trust me, if they 7.5 or greater, u wont have ANYMORE problems tonight 4sho
Since Sept or October 2011, It has already been "escalated" to mgmt about 3 or 4 times. #NotImpressedWithYourServices At All
Hmm, not a ringing endorsement of my curriculum RT this reminds me of listening to War and Peace in Latin on Audio Book
Vince will be on NewsTalk w/Bruce DuPuyt on TBD/News8 at 10 am to talk about the general election and our town hall meetings!
not again..
12 always the perfect number!
Still trying to remember to come back here and update my updates!
I'm on my way to Gug. It's raining
Fortress_Craft on the xbox 360 arcade version of Fortress Craft :Chapter One it says tweet this account for enquiries .. Is it wrong :)?
well done today!
Google! stop with all the new looks! you are not an angsty teenager!
How goes it?
shoulda texted me!
The horrible pain of putting your retainers in after weeks of not wearing them <<
When life gives you lemons... make grape juice. And let the world sit back and wonder how you did it. ;)
All my friends are at Avengers, whatever that is.
Made offers on two vintage typewriters before 9 a.m. I establish my own personal definition of productivity.
Sent you a DM with instructions Gwen. Again, Congrats! I love to give out good news!
Tosca was absolutely fabulous! What a great night.
Thanks my friend...
I don't think has EVER been wrong.(:
Because I bake?(x
can exist without the other, they've always existed side by side in universities and for good reason 2/2
Formula One Racing
G'Morning bro!
Try to stay focus on the goals which you are trying to reach don't get caught up in other plans that will only get in the way
Go Blazers!
why won't you recognize my existence
Amy is back home in the Rio Grande Valley. South Texas has been Amy's home for most of her life.
If they give me money then yes!
Steven Knows When & Why I'm Not In A Good Mood. He Always Knows Why Not To Fuck Wit Me. Cause I Am On My Period, And I Will Kill Someone☺☁☂✗
This dumb bitch on Facebook just posted she wants to strangle a duck because it looks fun. Really!? Let's let #Peta know about this. :)
Yes, back from Vail. What a trip it was.. miss it already!
Ok LAers... Holocaust museum or museum of tolerance?
:-( sorry to keep spreading the grump. I am the worst.
me too
How's FlA
I'm good sis. How are you?
Lucio Gonzaga has just stopped into the Blast office at Du Burns Arena.
The Congressional leader have thrown their arms up too. They have given up and we have to suffer for their ineptitude.
The spirit of man is more important than mere physical strength, and the spiritual fiber of a nation than its wealth. Dwight D. Eisenhower
can you please follow me im a big fan ! :D <3 and im planning on seeing never say never again with my sister
When I work at one on one I double as a DJ.
are you not concerned in the backlash Obama would experience if the Dems propose a realistic plan for national gay marriage?
who won
These allergies are killing me... #SlowlyDying 😖😷
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 6
More like Best Old Artist.
lol someone got u im assuming forrest is the culprit
Just saw Sarah Silverman, memorable joke of the night "biggest problem Jews have with the Holocaust?" "What?" "The cost!"
Sunday, Funday? The Avalon Hotel & Spa is hoping so! Arrive on a Sunday and get 50% off of Monday's rate! Sounds like fun to us.
Vinyl > MP3s
All this talk about on Twitter about the Supermoon and not a single Uranus joke. Frankly, I'm disappointed in all of you.
I Stare At The Mirror And Realize That Real Lies Within Me..
FYI, is NOT the Will Ferrell movie twitter feed
Two firkin Fridays tonight: barrel-aged World Wide Stout from Dogfish at Fat Heads and Deviant Dales IPA at OTB. Both tap at 5pm.
Is it ironic that Didge told me he couldn't stand my "hipster music" while he was swilling a PBR?
I'm an overcomer.
finds success in Twitter chats to reach younger audiences.
great job!
gracias! Let's catch up soon
Just so you can't untweet tomorrow RT " I have a girl crush"
#shoutout To ! So yea uhm bitches, just bad ones! Follow this dude, Yeaa(: ohh *sprinkles bombassness on this bitch* <3
glad to see you looking less "ashy" tonight
Love ! Quickly became one of my favorite sites!
shit, i was just laying here in bed. then it fucking vibrated hard a couple times o.o
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. – Napoleon Hill
Thanks for the shot out!
Be thankful that you, as I, I have the luxary of wasting time, thought and energy on your ipad or similar device.
If the goal is no feedback, then say nothing
yea it sucks :-(
those are badass! Sure to bring about a result tonight.
you are sexy
RT:Who here knows about Afro Thunda?...if not keep your eyes open cause she's one bad mama that Irles has conjured up
Pléase follow mé! I hope that some day can you follow me! <33
i wish this draft had an express lane
and PS: Mpls didn't declare a snow emergency. You are the only city in the metro area to inconvenience your residents...
stay on your Deen
Well Instagram is about to be ruined! Facebook just bought Instagram for 1 BILLION DOLLARS!
It was so early that dunkin wasn't even making donuts on my way into work!
Did LeBatard have flackbacks of the "Here's your son" moment you guys had on the show last year? I'd prefer it be private.
Laying out on the deck 👙☀❤
I find it funny when people who don't know shit about boxing ask "who having a fight party"..ole begging ass, Felicia from Friday ass niggas
Loving the first half so far. Bit of a slow start, but they look back on form.
not to sound snarky but that #TUF fight was pretty sub par for the best Org. in the worlds feeder league.I guess That was kinda snarky? huh
i hate watching "never say never" and i hate watching "journey to fearless".
Good morning! Another chance to get it right!
I call bullshit, cuz then you'll never know where to go when the volcano blows.
Trinity plays add-on just before the half ends to take a 42-14 lead into the locker room.
whew! Thx for explanation. Wondered what was up. :) cc
Thanks, you too! :)
please baby <3 follow me....u are my idol,my start and my ispiration
so no second period??
omg me too! I thought they would be losing by like 10 but there up by 5!!
I think I wrote on someone's wall meaning for it to go 2 someone else. I'm so tired I can't remember if I actually did it.hurts to think lol
So , I never heard back from Kevin H re: issue #4996785. Situation now dire. Google gave me new info. Need help plz call!
#Packers Be graceful, Green Bay fans. It's only 1 loss. Let us show some class and don't be an ass.
Hello NEIGHBOR!
There is a Brachetto d'Aqcui (bubbles) from Italy that we're serving tomorrow night that is so delicious!
Dear Mark from Liberty.. Sorry I don't want to attend college there
My dawg #MettaWorldPeace giving a shout out to #NY nd my pops hood
hahaha... he has that 19 year-old coked out look down! Gotta love a lil Jay-Z music in the trailer too.
Everyone is about to kill someone here. Lmbo
I don't have friends anymore. Just Twitter and Tumblr followers. And you guys really make me feel better. More than a 'real' friend could.
#ff quality people are people of quality!
What is this fascination with women wearing red lipstick? I'm noticing it a lot these days. Diane Keaton didn't wear it and she was hot.
Anyone know what's up with this morning?
yay!! it feels good to be a fave :). thanks for tweeting about us.
Today's the day -- presenting our #eyetracking study findings to the dept!
"FIRE EVERYTHING"
Coffee and holiday music - a great combo! Have a great Wednesday :)
why thank you:)) RT : following
on the drums though!
These classes are all going by the fucking slow, I wanna go home!
thank you, I miss you
Sexy Momma
wanna be my friend? :)
Pickup Line: Hi, my name's ______. You better remember it cause you'll be screaming it later!!
i bet u is, i'll get dat gangsta out u, ask yo friend girl
This weekend the best Boat Parade in the world....
Tired....gonna go to bed..goodnight.....ly
i don't want to make videos for a while
My Gma just told me that I've got the look lol
Leaving for Breathe Carolina concert in Kentucky in T-15 hours!!!!
We had an absolute blast! We're so grateful to for organizing it - and to you for starting it all!
Sleepy and Bored! Horrible combination .....
yeah, I ran into the same thing
you should've been like "bitch back up"!!!
thanks for the RT!
thank you I need one that's race related
Could you please tell me how I dress as awesome as you? Please! I have some parties coming up and I like to dress nice.
#roaddron!!!! I can't wait until Philly in June.
I love 7on7 ha. It's at Lindsey so we may see y'all!
honey that's what I been waiting on but clearly you arent capable of doing that...
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Vouvray -Various white wines made in Vouvray/Loire Valley, usually from Chenin Blanc grapes.
We may throw the dice, but the LORD determines how they fall. - Proverbs 16:33
Well how do YOU do Mr. Creeper?
Make your home comfortable and green by conveniently adjusting your Lighting and Temperature from anywhere in your home, and in the world.
Where can I get more info on the conf? Thank you.
remember me remember always i will love u even from beyond the grave!
Man... Come to think about it, maybe you DO look like Carly Simon! Then again, maybe not. {hehe}
#Aztecs = Champions. No contest.
How does a guy email you? Interested in hearing more about your company.Thanks! Matt
just landed in philly!! See you soon :-)
00056c Thu 16feb12 . Clock out 2220p . collated thoughts on how to bring sweatshop to the surface; writings / drawings from 1700-2220p
straight forward. just like that
Did she ever pay #straightcashhomie?
Woo! Plants and Animals, my first show at Cosmic Charlies on April 15th.. errrbodyyyy come!!! drinks on me
Hate when that happens ;)": Damn I just dropped the popcorn. Lol"
Sweet! I'm sure you'll see me out there :-)
Twist my arm....I'll look into it next week. Thanks and nice meeting you.
I can't help but think WBC is some elaborate prank that's just going way over our heads.
ICE COLD
Back at you, man...hope all is well. Did you see some of the pics i posted from my trip?
lol game rage?
IBM courts bball
I highly recommend 's #30dayoga course. She helped me strengthen my home practice & she's an awesome lady.
navy pier! That's dope as ever!!
Loving Dallas and the pool weather
In other the PA girl is GOD AWFUL!
I spent 1 hour Bicycling. 766 calories burned.
Stop lying.
Happy Cinco de Mayo BEA Bloggers!
still want my cookies!
I AM ARKANSAS RT : Making plans with to head to I AM MONTANA If we're pick states, I AM HAWAII!
Health is always first priority
Shut up daniele, always confused
me me me! Lol
Correction...nobody in Chicago!!!
Are you in Miami??? If you are, come on over and I'll make one for you
- I'm feeling the RT love, TY!
RT if you love pasta! "Everything you see I owe to pasta." - Sophia Loren
We love you too!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 70F FAIR
Still 3 days left to take advantage of our amazing December specials!
hi i would love for you to change my follow limit to 10,000
Happy valentine's day to my one and only... love you!
I'll donate to either the prize packs or the Kmart tree...which do you think would be better? I'll try to email you soon.
I say Kings, Devils, Capitals, Flyers in that order.
~~ Read Tip 5/7 ~~ Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 5: Use gestures to demonstrate the magnitude.
Early morning training for the week. Got to love the end of session!
Plantiffs' counsel: Writers Guild works w/ porn industry to pay out foreign monies Writers Guild alleges it doesn't collect on porn Both lie
Can't wait to see Glee's Whitney Houston Tribute tomorrow night! =D
Imagine if all professors and students engaged in unified conversation about social issues fueled by 1 book. csus.edu/onebook/
We've got an awesome trailer put together that we are holding back until we get closer to the final cut.
I'm trying to see who lasted longer. Tyler and Dawn or Ignacio and Dawn. HA! Ignacio and Dawn didn't last a day.
Attention Earthlings: Happy Earth Day.
BLOW ME BITCH
& get it why you here boy cause I got that money that'll make you disappear boy
Prob because Twitter is unreliable enough without being polled by millions of devices every 5 minutes.
Worst mood ever, sleeping all day in class foshooo
Mr. - I feel as though you are avoiding my meet up request/proposal for a beer(s)!
Good morning it is National Coffee Day! Stop by either of our locations and enjoy a small coffee and doughnut of choice... Free!
Happy Birthday to one of the greatest people on Earth!
"Siri, where can I bury the dead body"
Praying the prayers of the bible is kinda like "prayer to the second power"
Bish please!! great game!
Spring break is going way to fast!!
going good also :)
What is the one Finish Line product you could not live without?
I feel like everyone and their mother has boot!
Spending the day cleaning with some nice dancing music on!
Creative energy in limbo. Don’t know if it’s the beautiful day, a case of writer’s block, apathy or just plain laziness. I’m thinking lazy.
Its crazy to see and read certain media outlets that believe the complete opposite from another. Things are so twisted in both.
well I just got to the crib. I'm gunna have to call it a night. I gotta be up early.
Good to see you, too!!! Happy Opening Day! (Well, hope it ends up being happy!!!)
it's turned into a mid-late '90s party up in here! It's a blast!
Would it be frowned upon if I go to bed at 6:30?
Yeah but I heard he shot an 82 earlier.
Green-Ellis: 7 carries for 47 yards..
Happy 25th Birthday to my amazing love you!!
You ain't born typical.
I hate having bad eyesight 😖😰💔
my pleasure
why dose Joy always put her foot in her mouth? Yesterday Barbra had to put her hand up & say don't go there. Today go kill urself
Probably Sunday, June 17. They are trying to raise $$$ for the production.
last dance class tonight, and i can't go..
Omg melo is just putting the team on his back right now
My work computer is totally souped-up, in that I've spilled a ton of soup on it.
needs to start shooting more of these beautiful skies...
TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A! GONNA BE CRAZY!!
we've come a long way or same old, same old...?
If You Are Interested for Next Sat's Event -Direct Message or Martin Lawrence Gallery Auction Special Event
Twistii funded Wedding, Beachwear,Swimsuit shoot in Hawaii in August on the black sand beaches & lava flows. Looking for designer partners
yes - i saw this - hendree jones (my mentor) is quoted in this article. important topic!
"Your statement is ready" is my least favorite email subject line! :(
Doing fake drum solos with Solomon. Yall youtube this guy if you haven't already "Sol Philcox"
I feel like women will be much more influenced by it than men. Which may wind up being the point, I suppose.
Approaching my 1 year anniversary with White Lightening- my VW TDi. She's just shy of 20k miles with at least 500k to go!
nonsense, her blazers are amazing. I want her wardrobe.
Sunroof open, windows down...in February. Hunh?
That's real talk, my man. Life is bigger than we sometimes get wrapped up in every day...
fill your cup up and im sip mine
Yes you are!! Miss you Petey!! “ Thanks Y'all! We making a diff around here!”
Brewers all the way.
I hate humanity.
We are working on updating our twitter handle with DePaul Arts & Life stories just in time for summer. Stay tuned!
I haven't DM'd on this account...
We are the New generation! Let's stand together and let our voices be heard among the nations! Glory to God Forever!
know you mentioned Vandy's talents but who would you like in a Syracuse/Wisconsin match up?
- great, but we have lots more judging to do! Can anyone from Canale come on Saturday?
Yeah I don't know when we became kotaku.
Won our last home game of the season!! Great work at the plate and on deffense! Had a blast celebrating at titos with my girls! We
Man droid messed up who got one I can use
Will be there tonight! Do you have nigori? RT Start the weekend off with some Sake...
(cont) I saw this Harry Potter bracelet online I'm sure you would like plus I would send u a candle since u want one lol
thanks for the RT. This conference is about partnerships, which fosters w/ teachers & learning communities
Roll your shoulders back and lift up your heart. Drop your chin and breathe deeply.
I hear Norah Jones has a new CD. Anyone listen to this yet?
Hey Guys FOLLOW She wants to get too 2,000 FOLLOWERS (:
Just had new pictures taken w/Carrie Cavalier. Bought new shirts for my girl next door and some cardigans for my "mom" look! Very excited!
I guess people have very different views on what's private and what's public
*blushes* thx! RT : Yay! Thanks! You've been a great help for the entire conference experience - before, during, & after
Studies suggest that the psychological pain of a break up hurts just as much as physical injury
Good Morning cold day brrr
yayyy thank you!
hahahahha I'm bored that's why hahaha lol 😃😉
Don't mess with me >,<
Legally blonde FAIL .. Lee mead !!.
Working on the weekend; not for the weekend.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
Q1 Negative-not everyone can afford a subscription.
Accidentally drunk. Dancing with a pup to Heart in the kitchen.
you made my day todayatlunch haha
you're the hottest news guy! :)
thanks for the follow
towards the end of the second -___-
The funnies, Vegas-Style
Someone keeps putting their non-recyclable trash in my recycle bin. This is not ok. Stop it, asshole.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
that's cause D Wade is the shiz! Thought you knew?
Walked the Red Carpet at the "New Year's Eve" Premiere alongside Josh Dumel, Hilary Swank, Katherine Heigel, etc. Mirror REFLECTION!
Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 4:45pm for Champaign, Logan and Union Counties.
The Second City performs tonight at 7:00PM. Don’t miss this side-splitting performance. Tickets still available online or at the door....
the only news i ever read
Well now you know... Imy too! Especially in school! Rogers is killing me! Freaking making us write madd essays! X(
BBQ, Umw apartment 424. 12:00-2:00 pm. Would love to have you of you're free!
welcome to my world!
Suppose its time to get ready
Holy Mad Cow!
u should have stayed for Natalie Merchant &
2 yrs ago I lost a good friend RIP Angelo Whittington u gone but never forgotten
More Americans see dentists rather than doctors
We hope this first day of spring is a sign of more sunny days to come
BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH!
you seem to be shedding years. careful, or someone will think you're twelve.
Check it out! is a trendsetter! She began trending #diverocks Follow her lead & tell us why you think #DiveRocks *
Located in #Broohaven Atlanta we are your newest #ecofriendly baby boutique! Stop in to see us .
Dunno if I'm the right guy to test that card in an environment. Can't ever seem to play it right ;)
“: Got tickets to see and today, best birthday presents ever!” JEALOUS. He dosnt come to my small ass town :'(
Boy thinks he can just come on here and rip tribal tats and Alter Bridge? dont take no shit from nobody!
Don't mind me over here... Just quoting business and booking it.
yeah mine to
Freedom Watch will be greatly missed.
developing a new look for the AP website!
#YouKnowUWinning When you can tell your #Wife #HowHott her #NewGirlfriend looks
how do we cultivate new leaders for the future?
looking for mr
"there's sensitive, and then there's gimme a break!" , marketing expert, on the BK/chicken ad "controversy" over
thats how you know you're doing it right
and it's hilarious.
If casey catania sniffs at me one more time I'm throwing a book at her
the limited
you must tell me how you got this job.
Oh look I have more followers to mention
I think me you and know how to throw correctly
OMG HAHAHAHA. Next week!!! You pumped???
LOL I thought of you selling cream on QVC or HSN, then thought those prob not around anymore. But see it on Telemundo at night
Not even going to school. There's no point. Theyll probably get sent home later anyways
not bad but we could do better. This is an untapped comedic market.
I got a chuckle out of the leek in his mouth.
A Guiness book world record float. Surfing dogs! One just wiped out!
Ah...the challanges, the suprises of "the great walk-about". Come to think of it... I never thought it would be easy.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
Olivias Birthday Party . She invited Eric just for me . Yay ! ♥
Hey everyone isn't kick ass like the most bomb movie ever like i found it funny that hit girl chloe did the most work and action of it MFME
(swooping in) did I hear a need for PR???
Thanks for the nice plug! Hope to see you around the Caribe.
Cases of autism up 78% since 2002 - is this because of a more liberal, wider-net diagnosis or actually more 'true' cases of autism?
Sorry we've been behind on our tweets! We've been busy at our annual conference in VA Beach! Thank you to everyone- it was a huge success!
Welp. That wasn't fun. Good win for Rangers. Thought we had them through the second. Oh wells, there's always Wednesday.
WANT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP that'll change your life? "LUSI.OB"! They have HUGE things in the pipeline!
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
rice and corn
Thanks PubNub. We'll have more to show you soon!
Searches often don't have smaller airlines either. I just went to Colombia & never saw Satena, ADA, or EasyFly in searching.
RT : RT : RT : Genius Marketing: #Ikea Photographer Turns Kitchenware Into Art...
Remember Henry Louis Gates and "Our America" will be discussed 8pm tonight with Ilan Stavans
Wanye used to be a really Hood Rapper, now this this nigga wear girls work out pants and skateboards.. and how old is he like 30 smh hha
"You know what they say about holding a snake by the tail. You let it go before it eats your face off!"
Second screening of SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST in Buffalo is at the Screening Room tonight at 7:30, 3131 Sheridan Drive, Northtown Plaza
i WAS JUST ViSiTiNG FAMiLY. MY DAUGHTER AND i ARE G0iNG BACK T0 NEW Y0RK iN A C0UPLE 0F H0URS
hey there we need to prepare for Saturday love
yo rudy how u get so mny followers?
I want to come!! Happy Valentines Day Enjoy!!
Tell me what you like and I'll tell you what you are. -John Ruskin
F@#% being Broke!
guess Havoc must think he is a 17year old rapper.HipHop legends should have enough pride/common sense to avoid twitterbeef.smh
happy birthday :) have a good one
just cleaned up your dog's vomit. We're even.
My knowledge is dated, but find Lincoln Ave, and pop into something that looks interesting.
Getting ready to go check out Glue Fam
:D How many now???
who else is new???
Good, crazy day. Got to share with MANY people, and even met a few people that knew my grandpa back in the day!
Cue adoring look from Microsoft exec.
maybe if some of my old friends reached out to me I wouldn't be so friggin lonely.
SAT Time: Bomb-->plane, Bone-->Padres pres RT : I get a pant full of bone just looking at those jerseys.
Phil are you an hour ahead of me?
amen. #goblue : not even sparta could stop the shoelaces today!
I was referring to his tweet about Nash going to Toronto, though. That's all I saw today.
well thank you... I will let you go back to trying to find your sack again.good luck ...let me know when she gives it back to you
crazy stuff isn't it?
Live like it's your last day on earth. Work like it's your first day at work.
#Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends! I am thankful for YOU. ~Conna
room unplugged
time to turn my brain off.....somehow
Hey guys! If u send me a skype request I WILL accept it the next time I get on I accept all requests so if u send it it will get accepted (:
this kid beating up the badger BB program is an idiot. Read your scholarship next time young man !
Pick up a complementary burger or dog tonight @ Uof Indy for tonights game.Tailgating start around 5:30 pm. Be the 12th man, GO CRUSADERS!!
Thanks so much for mentioning my book. Have a terrific day! Daniel
Joe Watkins on MSNBC: "Reid needs to work with McConnell"...bastard! McConnell won't work with anyone! Not "both sides", Repubs want blood.
Exactly. That's all I could come up with.
hey guys we should play a show together. Were coming to Washington in august.
Have I not followed anyone back yet... Let me know
What if Jesus needs some air in his tires?! Are you really going to turn him away tomorrow....
follow first :)
There will always be those awkward moments when you walk by a person and remember everything you had.
What is going on with the Yanks pitching this series? We r better than this!
i think the musical stylings of ludwig van might compliment the rain rather nicely today.
just baileys for me, hm
I don't like matty ice much either but tebow has as much talent as matty's left nut. He may have potential.. To go to church.
Just saw a police officer ripping down KONY 2012 posters on Beverly Road...
you know how to get in touch with me?
You see the glass have empty but SALVATION sees God with the pitcher.....*PREACH*
Support local music!
Maybe we can even start to see "micro brew" whiskeys, that sounds so much better than micro brew beer.
#replacefilmstitleswithvagina No Country For Old Vagina
something tastes so good bout that processed crap! As long as you aint got nothing 2do for the week.
Paul pierce with the BIG BLOCKK!
Dear Mr Sims, Sincerely
you need to downplay the makeup, black hair and tight shirts. Lighten your hair and get rid of the extensions.
Anything goes in the world of make-believe.
I was watching Happy Endings. They played 'today was a good day' by ice cube in the last scene. That verse made me chuckle.
You dispute this? It is well documented that Reagan funded drug cartels to prevent Sandinistas from winning.
A big congrats to for finding the Mistral goft card! Enjoy!!
INSERT INTO `fam_quotes` VALUES
Mangia will be open New Years Eve and New Years Day 12 - 9!!!
it should be illegal to not sing on the metro. synchronized dancing also.
If I RT your request, somehow you'll lose about 15. Not sure how that works.
I need something new for my show
Alan Watts~ Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel for love is not ours to command.
What was this I heard about a party at the Root Cellar with #AFROTHUNDA playing.
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen". - Michael Jordan <3
“ MY Sex Life Right Now = Nonexistent Lol” smh
i wanna go out west and start over
going nowhere fast we've reached the climax
No school today :) Going to get my braces off at 8!!
The Woman Who Walked Into Doors. Not new but so worth it.
Don’t miss #Dr. Oz show tomorrow. We’re delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
Which Pym novel would you recommend as a first read to a BP newbie with a kindle and some vacation time next week? Thank you!
The pics of the "montauk monster" - aka a raccoon - make me gag.
"Minute #Packers made it to playoffs they went into kill mode" Makes me feel less bad about Eagles loss
Hope everyone has a Happy and Blessed Easter with family and friends!
Looks ok to me in OS X 10.6 using FF and Chrome. Text and images appear fine. Lemme know if you want a screen shot.
about to head down to the Oklahoma History Center (#FF ) on this lovely, rainy morning!
At DT2 ONLY, blue tags are 50% off and yellow tags are 25% off!
Proud new Ford Truck owner
I will never text in the shower ever again. 🛀
What was your favorite X-Files episode?
Lyfe has so many twist and turns dats y I stretch daily...
after having a dysfunctional enter, space, and middle mouse button for a few days, i must say that i appreciate the middle mouse button most
Dude - Today is AWESOME: just said: "Aren't you sweet as pumpkin pie!!!". I LOVE pumpkin pie!
I love Teles! I approve. Watched a bio of Roy Buchanan the other day - AMAZING.
i don't like the new twitter
rancho bernardo hs, his parents still live in this area
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 Cent Wings (not only in Da club) and BBQ Rib Dinners
I find it fun to read after I'm all caught up on FB.
#ThingsMyExSaid is trending... Oh god..
B? Haa u already told me I think...or sum1 diff ?
Hi Will, how's it going!? Long time, no tweet...
ancient aliens. 10 days. you READY?
Congrats again!
": Cant GIVE UP on something I already put some much time in!!!"
i breathe smiles , blow laughter . bitches .
LoL, I feel ya, say here
rip it. bcd me!
im sorry u went thru that.We all deserve b heard.If u'd like 2 write abt ur experience I'd be honored 2 post it on my blog.
I thought I was having a normal conver--ok that's a total lie.
Excited to be and with -- so cool!
as kosher as a rock hyrax.
as you know, I'm not a fan of the pressing, unless... ;-)
September is already half through. Host a party or basket and receive a FREE Medium Warmer and three Bars! www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us
You and Eric are such slackers and you photo/tweets don't matter - it is beautiful here too... not, cold and sleet/snow.
Woops... I spilled the beans. Haha
Is blowing a 7 pt lead w/ 2 mins left worse than losing by 30? I would say so.
Disappointed in the new uniforms. No change, other than NIKE swoosh instead of reebok logo
Looks like it ends today!
Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs crowded with celebrities
did you try taping up a picture on the window so he "sees" it? Maybe something red will cut through the glare...
Conversation 16: Great song? Or the greatest song?
: How was your visit? See anything you liked?
lol okay goodnight
I'd agree City probably can grab 8 pts. But strange things/free falls can happen. Look at Spuds.
hello! their is not a lot of food blogging here in hawaii but it is becoming more of a food meca! are you from here?
I'd love to have you play Doug Briney's "More than Just a Farm." Message me, and I'll send you the mp3. Thanks!
Loge you too!!! You can't imagine how much!! haha!! You're so sweet <33 You should go sleep ;) it's late I'm sure
Good time with good friends in Indy tonight. Happy birthday to !
big girls don't cryy ♥ ahh I love you ☺
Thanks! We look forward to sharing it with you!
THATS the truth! “: As a #Leo you don't really understand people who get all-emotional and sensitive about things.”
I wouldn't mind the rain if wasn't accompanied by a migraine.. At least I get to try to sleep it off guilt free.. Sigh
If I laugh when you use air quotes, it's cause I decided long ago that's the sign for "like a bunny." And now you just seem like a lunatic.
Nice turnout for #Detroit #Startup Drinks at the Old Miami. We rotate days so it will be a Sat morning or Fri evening in May.
theres a word for that bro .its
I think a resident of New York is entitled to talk big concerning his city just as much as the Mayor does from time to time. [1942]
By the way, shouldn't you be sleep ? It's almost 5 AM here which means it's almost 2 in Cali! Talk about nocturnal!
Going over fan mail, this is all so inspiring thank you all so much!
Going to bed early sucks. But if I don't, i'll regret it tomorrow... Well i'm tired
Reduce skip stolens with RTOREWARDS customer loyalty marketing solutions.
Klaus is now tyler.. Guess it kinda makes sense but im gonna miss my love
Had fun explaining the ACA to an under-insured, hard working family man today. He left thinking an insurance exchange is a good idea.
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else. ~ William Rotsler
don't worry...I used the animal excuse. She could abandon us children when we were little, but not her menagerie of fur kids now.
Yes! Make the Guy Picciotto recipe. It will not disappoint. There should be some sort of punk rock dinner party w/ this book
When photographers tell me they are using their cameras to uncover the truth I always feel they reveal more about themselves than veracity
In lecture. The woman next to me is falling asleep. It's crunchtime.
I think you just answered your own question!
hahahhaha spider was a freakin snitch
I go through the day a lot less nervous now that I have that phone interview secured. I am almost nice.
blah blah blah, library branding in virtual realities, blah blah blah #libraryschool is weird sometimes.
i honestly can't help that i like you this much...
Just cut the crap outta my finger with giant fabric shears. Workplace safety is questionable in regards to myself.
if I was a rock star or a movie star or someone that wants to look effing amazing...you're the one to make it happend.
I've accumulated quite an assortment of excuses. If you need to borrow any, just let me know. Lol.
EXCUSE ME DOUGIE... I'M JUST THE MESSENGER... ;-0
Watch me fuck around n get fired Smh...
On Mon., the Wisconsin Supreme Court decided not to review two separate appeals filed by the WIDOJ to overturn Voter ID injunctions.
damn i wana watch da floyd mayweather fight. y it gota be on payperview? we dnt pay to watch nba championships
Perfect outcome :)
This morning's ride was just perfect. Nice breeze, nice temp, even nice drivers. Should have biked right past work...
First day at home for Spring Break. This is awesome. #np #GD Dick's Picks 22 (Tahoe '68)
Many folks identify people "hater" when they dont' care about us at all..and call others "friend" who doesn't really want our success...
#endoftheday but the beginning of a new one! Ain't life grand that way?
At dinner w my stupid family. >:[
Alright Genetics final, it's you & me. Only one of us can survive, and I'm hoping it's going to be me!
Hey , when we get outta this mess and go to the bottom of the 8th, please tell those to get some runs. They listen to u.
Fixed and followed!
it's really a pity that monday rhymes with fun day.
Waking up to a mouse at your feet is the most terrifying thing ever.
Lynchburg, thanks for a phenomenal night. We look forward to coming back ;)
Lazy Sunday catching up with the LA Times, loving that the best parade of the year just went by my house... Happy Gay Pride!
Woot woot! RT : 1 good thing about music is.... when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Researchers here to look at our 1724 bedrug. I want to listen to them all day, but have cataloguing to do. I need a clone.
think i know who u hate.Everyone hates them -_-
Free Nook w/ 1yr subscription to NYT. I'm tempted to accept.
Approaching the PA border near Chester...should be at Mother Prep in 25mins. THX for a wonderful trip!
Lots of pictures from Kennesaw today on the twitter feed
Pretty darn happy
OH SHIT! I put that in as a placeholder for a teachery name and forgot to change it! i feel awful about that. total oversight.
SHE AIN'T EVEN A SUBSTITUTE TEACHER! SHE A SUBSTITUTE HELPER! The substitute teacher ain fucking with me ahahahahah
Trey's presentation got the whole Class dying. Ahh what a funny boy.
Why do awesome songs have to have stupid lyrics like "You could be my it girl baby you da s girl" and "you look better with the lights off"
new beats at coming...
Well done to you guys. Keep the fire in the belly!
Caltrain #siliconvalley dude oozing mucus from nostril to chin reading email. Can one become a pounding capitalist with such oblivion?
awesome. Hope your dad is doing well.
Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following
we love to follow everyone! Make sure u check out our videos at www.silverproductionsmv.com
#win $100 #Amazon card from and Friends
I'm counting on you World Peace!
The Institute for People with Criminal Records is organizing Great Books discussion groups for probationers in Chicago, Denver and Boulder.
RT : Follow & for a chance to win IT&LY's Racing Red Ionic Blow Dryer & Flat Iron as seen in the movie Burlesque!
oh Luke. &hanging out
Looking forward to fun with friends tonight for event !
College hill is too much. Lol. I used to love this show
Took my daughter to the beach today - first time this summer! Finally the weather is cooperating! :-)
Our rooms are waiting! RT : I need to go to
Playful, inspirational spaces are important
That's the power of Persuasion baby!
I know! I know lots of other routes and cut throughs, just not that one.
you gonna watch Avengers?
Good mornings from strangers feel so honest
The call code for today is 5080255, right?
Yeah, so about this research paper...
Great article. You know how it's done! I'm working on booking gigs right now. I'm shooting for Dec.
Lob city
email me Bro
Follow She Deserves More Than 75.5 K Followers!
exactly - how can the GOP not claim they are carrying water for Wall Street?
Home and back to the Moon Man for more. ;)
maybe this weekend or early next week?
RIP Steve Jobs. Your creative mind will be missed.
Deep Space 9 isn't too bad. A bit different from the other Star Trek series, but not bad at all!
These tanks will cost $10 each. We will accept payment before or after the order. You just won't get the tank top until you pay.
Okay so on the bus and at a red light the guy 2 seats behind me threw a gum at the car next to us and it sticked on the car...poor guy
Ukelele too! RT : I didn't realize the 'Guy playing acoustic guitar at a campfire' cliche was rooted in ABSOLUTE TRUTH.
I have school I'm right now on school ..!!I'm so tired ..!!
“There's no place on earth with more dumb girls per square foot than a college in California.” -- Roberto Bolaño --
I hope everyone is having a great week!
You would be good at that. What's the salary?
Derwin & Melanie aint comin back on the show ! ( im not watching it any more ) that just made me mad .
a girl is beautiful; not hot. she is not a temperature.
Looking forward to my Personal Empowerment presentation at Admin Professionals Conference tomorrow in Lebanon, VA!
I love how Sara always shows at least her belly button.
thanks, anna! <3
Our spring issue is out! Pick one up at , , , , , and more!
yo momma so fat the back of her neck is like a pack of hot dogs
The government really doesnt care about sending this country down the shitter do they?
Bulls are effed. RT : BREAKING: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs.
Christmas grocery shopping with the determined suburban moms of NJ makes wall street look like child's play
whats good cooks
i'll get back to you, m'lady! i'm not sure when me and my roadtrip leaving are leaving for
I know right? I need to think of a cute way to say yes.. I'm thinking sky writing? Maybe forking his yard with a big 'yes!'
It's funny how the directors that won first and second place wanted me in their scenes :)
Exactly! Or waiting for time to expire... also a decision.
Just got home props to Cochino the room was fantastic the bitches work off the chain
Dear XM 90s on 9: You really didn't have to include the Macarena on the playlist. Really. It. Would. Have. Been. Fine.
Milburry assault charges dropped.we are pending the hearing of milbury vs the new york islanders fans .i doubt he will be as lucky
“: Can you blame me for having trust issues; I mean we in a world full of fake individuals #ijs” < #real talk!
Looks like we are all showing up for work today.......
All I see down my TL is the word "titties" & links to Teyana Taylor's titties + Rihanna's titties.....Lol yall r crazy... Titties!
Of other people's money. Or perhaps more cogent governments. I'm overthinking this...
Here comes trouble, lls.
Ah... Right. Belt goes on pants to keep them UP. Knew I forgot something important on my way out. At least I had pants on. God morning!
i dont wanna talk so stop texting me.
Klara Dickinson of Hyperion "FDA driven by safety more than efficacy. May not serve orphan indications well"
Checking out tonight.
Remember I use to be stress over a nigga, now I don't give a fuck about a nigga.
One day into the relationship and I have already made him mad... I asked him how old he was and I told him how old his cousin said he was...
We're getting ready to go live at www.trailblazers.com with talks of play-offs, animal videos, and really tiny british hats. Join us!
Hey David, thanks for the follow! May you have a charmed day.
Thankfully no. He did try and put the pirate hat on our cat though.
Like a lemon to a lime a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women.....RIP .. Beastie Boys MCA!
I think I did... though it was not fun to not have my ID with me this morning.
RT : MEAN JEANS, COLLEEN GREEN, COATHANGERS
Ha! Me too. Or I think if they primarily work from home that they need to be above average computer literate.
Don't forget LiLLiES is still accepting reservations for #Thanksgiving dinner! ...a four course turkey dinner for $21.95!
#detroitbiz Curiousity is the DNA of Creativity #joshlinkner on Collaboration panel
I'm getting annoyed now.
