yes ma'am, if you say so. Sigh.
....and if we could put the crossover dress gently to sleep, I'd like that too.
man Huntington b makin me mad. They never kno nothin! How the heck the don't kno where random $$$ cum from.U SHOULD KNOW THIS
or Butterfinger :-D
Armed Executive Protection, I love this gig.
No pressure, but Christmas is a week away. xoxo,
Compared to the other characters she was a little bland.
Why #thevoice is better than Idol? 1 hr finale show versus 3 hr finale show
Yes, it is most definitely all about hard work :).
The music on today makes me feel like I'm back at a junior high canteen, without the awkward slow dance songs.
sweet foxy baby! very fun,thanks for pics
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
I'm so cool most of my texts are from Twitter
First day of my big girl job tomorrow. Feels like the night before the first day of school. Butterflies!! So excited and nervous!
I won't give up on us Even if the skies get rough I'm giving you all my love I'm still looking up
My birthday is in 3 days! :D
Jamming to paramore so much earned me the nickname "Riot"
Awww, you are always welcome! #Cheers and enjoy your Monday (is it the weekend yet)
What makes you think we ever had @ andersoncooper? Remember, TeaNN pays his salary.
Yes, Caro's massive LBJ bio could have been shorter by a third. But then it would have been written by another author.
Cronkite, Lucille Ball, Oprah and Homer Simpson
oh clever! Ha yep gonna be a good night :)
You're so welcome, it'll stay w/me for a long time. V important for people to know. Sending good thoughts that you're done!
this is why i complain about pc's. :/ i want a mac ^^
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina "Harry Vagina and the deathly hollows"
Butch with a huge block and he followed it up with an assist to Trey Johnson to put Bakersfield up 87-68
haha thanks! I wrote it for my English class
DUDE IT'S ME! CHECK YOUR DM!!
Exciting RT Congrats to , , , and you are the winners of products!
Let's watch The Lion King yes?! Yes! :D
Same story year after year.
Just because I point out that you're easily distracted by "bright & shiny" things, that doesn't necessarily mean I'm insulting you.
She's a fighter when she's mad, and she's a lover when she's lovin' and she's everything I've ever wanted ♥
I'm here!
getting ready for school tomorrow.-___- what are you doing tonight?(:
NO MORE COMMERCIALS, I JUST WANT JUSTIN.
why are you so fine ?
Yo what good Fam? I am Bri's manager and I am hitting you up about her doing a radio interview
lol them colors smooth
Ward puts the up 10-8 with three seconds to go in the third quarter.
love it!
Alex: Are you ready to leave perfect weather? Me: It's nice in RI too... Alex: I said, are you ready to leave PERFECT weather? Me: No...
25 more minutes to sign up for the tattoo giveaway from Hardluck! Good luck to all! We will announce the winner tomorrow!
Do Join GALLERY M beginning July 7.
I saw something that reminded me of you... I started cryin 😭 but then again I remember all the crap you did to me a year ago
Looking forward to connecting!
Haha this boy looks like a carrot
Thanks and welcome, Tianna!
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn - so very true!
Whew. Promotional tweeting is HARD WORK!
finally made it into continuos integration BoF at #DrupalCon, so far it's a "why" lecture than discussion of "how"
hell yeah its our time I'm gonna have a toast for u its all luv # TEAMTAURUS
i gotta hit it tonight cuz i'm only in town for the night
Done for the semester!
RIP Etta James. God needed a R&B singer. ;-(
didn't know they made it that big!
a beautiful day in the 719.. about to be in the 843.
Might need to get a number 33 jersey... too far? (or not far enough :P )
Some qbs quiver when they look across the line at him. "Don't he know we're on the same team?" Leonard Shapiro Washington Post Aug, 1978
float on ma niggas
Real niggas use straws!
“: True friends are the people who brighten your smile everytime your with them.”
cause he just makes me so happy :)
Hockeys back go to www.watchnhllive.com the links will be up to watch all your hockey games live for free,just register and enjoy!!!
I'm going to the session on educating special ops forces. I'd tell you why I'm interested but then I'd have to kill you
you're gorgeous! sending lots of love from Seattle, WA! night! x
Pandora is on point..
Same to you, Lynn! Congrats on all (and thanks for the retweet of my new Interiors of a Courtyard recording!) Stay in touch!
Happy National Butterscotch Brownie Day! Yum :)
thank goodness they edited santorums speech for the news he went on forever way too long, it was painful and confusing
Thanks for the follow BNI! If any of your members need funding they can post on !
I miss Baltimore so goddamn much.
But he was gonna hate me? He was gonna UNFOLLOW me?? Guess that little plan failed?? #KarmasABitch #SorryNotSorry (:
Carolina people! We've got til midnight to vote for SC girl Elise Testone on Amer Idol. Gotta keep her out of the bottom! Call 866-436-5704!
: What's your location? Your phone is going to voicemail. I finished up earlier than I expected.
what sort of cost and minimum hardware requirement would i be looking at?
Oh i swear to you.......I'll be there 4 you..... This is not a driveby
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain. :)
RT : Original paintings priced at $100 visit www.timhovde.com for details THANKS FOR THE RETWEET!
Phone off, neck kinda hurt, and now boring ass ECON to top it off...gosh cant wait till April 27th.....only days away...
LIVE at 8pm SAT on C-SPAN3: uncorks the HISTORY OF ALCOHOL IN AMERICA annual meeting in Milwaukee. WATCH & LEARN.
Wait…the same Klein that used money, earmarked to reduce class size, to increase number of charters?
ugh frustrated with this Sky thing !!! Too bad it wasn't Jana that went volcano diving :)
I want my nails to be another color
Thank you so much for walking with me! You're one amazing lady! Love you Alli B.
I bet you are
After you've done all you can JUST STAND, sing Donnie
Like selling a car. If you list it over price, you have a good chance of getting what you wanted in the first place.
Congrats on your award last night!
I hate mornings
anyone in the dfw interested in getting a photo shoot for $20 including behind the scene video, contact me asap this offer is this week only
Looks like you found better friends
All I want right now is to listen to Animal Collective & Vashti Bunyan's 'Prospect Hummer' EP and hold a cat
While his change in policy is good news, I'm pretty sure everyone suspected that #Obama was secretly pro-gay marriage for a while now.
you too!!
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
Panera Bread needs to bring back the strawberry & chicken salad now. Also, the lemon flower cookies wouldn't hurt either.
i am currently a librarian. With the economy as it is i hope as a librarian
Our reservation is in an hour. Any left?
Up late kickn ass in this #Call Of Duty #MW3...Playstation ID spidermantical
Omg I'm obsessed with Prince Royce now. #CorazonSinCara C:
FINALLY eating...
Had a great day today @ the creek!!! Two more days off, what to do what to do ??;-&#41;
I'm going to need it to get dark out so I can put this child to bed. I need to write a paper.
cool! I will add it to the RVA-ish list!
Steve used to say, #PlacesIveHadSex in the mouth, in the bum, in the vag and in your mum! don't know if that is true, but is amused me!
excited for lunch with at today! major catching up to do!
We have officially started a waiting list for new students. We're accepting resumes for piano instructors to fill an immediate position. Se…
James Jones holdin' it down!!
man jeydon! you make me wanna go to timmies now! even though i live in the u.s. of a. LMFAO!
RT : What is your favorite SWV song? -
I miss hanging out with my boys
got an email to send content to?
Don't like it, no one will, but I understand why and will continue to support you and The Colts as well as 18 where ever he goes
never take anything I say seriously:-)
Nah..it didn't work out. She fell in love with that guy...you know that Captain VonTrapp fellow! ;)
I'm up Need my MEDS ! Who's up ?
so it went ot OT?
Karoline Khamis is spinning @ 2nd Annual Pink Ink Event @ Massive Tattoo(cameron/hacienda) 40$ pink ribbon related tats!
12th grade mission to grow "dreds" #epic fail
happy b!!!
I'm copyrighting Hi Entropy and Low Entropy Transform HELE - It's changing a pile of sand into glass. The glass is brittle.
dude are u from LA Puente >>>??
do you follow back? thought so
Stays 15-14 Cal at half. Ducks D and passing game will have to step it up. They way they're playing, a 1-point deficit is a gift.
When do libraries need to advocate? All the time! We are all advocates!
And what about messages warning "somebody's saying something bad about you" with a link attached. Why would I want to click that?
The message of the cross is foolish to those who are headed for destruction! But we who are being saved know it is the very power of God.
Who's talking about the rotary phone!?
yes, still planning to start a new venture, working on identifying a viable idea - got any?
AFterthoughts of bday party. Awesome that police came to house. More awesome that they liked the really loud music!
thing I spend too much time doing #133: designing each semester's office-hours door placard using seasonal borders in MS Word.
gurl what we gone do for our birthday!!!
A lot of energy just went into locating the Sprinkles Cupcakes ATM. Thank goodness, we found it.
NEGATIVE lol “: lol it's ok to be Americanized a little bit”
Just saw Cody on the preview for the next Punk'd! (:
NationalLibrarian of Israel: To get collaboration, we need more ego- less institutions. #cjh -a2i
But Funny doesn't fade. Plus you're probably better in bed.
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs Black Boobs
I wanna make a Sims version of me and Alexa and make us fuck a lot and have many brown babies.
Stop in Olsen's today at 3:30 for free beer samples!
ROC Public Relations wishes you and yours a safe New Year's Eve and a happy, healthy 2012!
I would rather have a million friends than a million dollars. -Edward Vernon Rickenbacker
Good morning all. Here's to a great day!
Thank god for muscle memory for that Hedo 3.
What the eff :/
What kind of bee can't be understood ?A mumble bee !
To that lucky jackpot winner in Baltimore County, no charge to plan your celebration. I'd just like to have fun with it. Hit me!
Weird. I dress up like that every Halloween. My limited vocab friends and neighbors hate it.
I use animated gifs like people use emoticons. Its the next evolution in communication.
#MikeBrown if Cleveland didn't want it; what make u think LA would love it! Coach's dream LJ and KB still can't close the deal! GottaGo!
I think it's funny you @ my brother there ha
Ramen!!! Out of the box on this one. :)
Come hang with the L.A. Proper cast at Beverly Center for
Depending on whose idea keeping Inge around in Spring Training was Leyland may deserve it. Who hates Raburn?
your car is running so rich it is giving me a headache just following you.
My best friend is now a Dad. Everyone congratulate and retweet this. Congrats my friend!
#oomf change boyfriends more than they change they draws!!
Halligan Bar $2.50 Well and Call Drinks tonight! 6 Day's till Paddy's Day!!
Today's finally Friday, I'm so ready to sleep in!
awww.. I feel bad. At least you can teach your child not to be like you.
the sane create cages, the insane live in them
I think it was more of an angle, thankfully...still a very bad hit that appeared to collapse the SAFER barrier to the concrete
what she get? Did she accept??
me too most definitely!!!
There you go beatiuful.following the cherry id like to eat! ;]
check out for awesome pix of our new space on campus- the welcome center -opened on Mon!It's got an awesome video & cool swag!
haha ok Fine!
Jury is out still.Do we know that wasn't for political reasons too but that looks like a classic flip flop..oh boy!
Yes. Catching up on things around the house. :)
U should stop reading the tweets out loud to ur self lol Jk RT : If I can just go one week without losing my voice!!! Ah
Po Po rolling deep at gold star.
a_lex_uh Thanks for checking in! Hope to see you soon!
Good source for acapellas?
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on a rope.
Is Derrick Rose the Next Michael Jordan? GQ May 2012 Cover Story: Profiles: GQ...
Robert Shiller In my book, I got in trouble talking abt #goldmansachs Read 90yo John Whitehead's book LIFE IN LEADERSHIP
overheard at LSP: CJ Sapong's car is really crappy. Better step your game up
Damn, YouTube app. Suppose to be singing "I say A Little Prayer for You". Oh well! :(
Thanks to all who came out to Saturday night. We had an awesome time playing with and !
Oklahoma, and OU espically very awsome places with great people... Hopefully my masters degree interview gets me there
One of my students who stutters VOLUNTEERED to talk on the mic in front of the whole school today & he didn't get stuck once!
At a school assembly for vets today. Despite what we've seen this week, we live in a good world with good people. Thanks to all veterans.
I want a bunny soo bad.
going up
I am thinking I need more sleep
I think you can bear going to one place every once in awhile that doesn't have a bar.
"Man or Muppet" won Best Original Song at the Academy Awards last night.
she said no -.- time to go cry to my dad LOL
RT It's no surprise that improving quality of school environments can have a powerful effect on student achievement.
I wonder if went through an internship process? DK is doing one more round of them now! Ask your RA for more info!
Glad to hear your son is OK!!! My girl had an ER visit in June for a broken arm. Terrible but makes one grateful for nurses+docs
analyze the situation, understand the situation, address the situation or CUT the situation! ;) know ur worth hun
NT swore by him. And this dude makes up words like Emmitt.
come to Madison WI where we're keeping the temperature high on Walker and company
that's called Hardcore Sitting and Google Aaron Fotheringham --they reinvent the rap:-)
#3 is the hands down winner!
": Only female mosquitoes suck blood."
I remember when I found out middle school had no recess I was too upset
That's what happens when you use promo code "Guzio"
Are you a sweet or savory flavor person, ?
well, we might have a project to do together.
Fat Pat - So Real
I'm doing "On My Mind" for my school talent show!!! I'm so excited!!!! If I post a video of it, will you watch it?? :)
see ya there
you have to give me lessons...I'm a dork...help!!
Its worst cuz when she with em she think of me but she won't leave cuz they in too deep
How did Joe Walsh get such good seats?
i aint take my pics yet but somebody suposed to do it for me but ill chek out ya work u got link
at just taught me a new plural for cow, and I am from
Freeney only dangerous one, Sanders ALWAYS injured, Addai a bust. Ayers will= Mathis w/ this offense.Bailey,Doom, Von,DJ,Fox
I do "like" that article. "Once, there was something called a point of view..." Yikes!
I hate when they let ghetto people use the intercoms
Cheers to the freakin' weekend w & at No Idea Bar. #itismyfriday!!!
(: have you been to Buc-ee's?
So sick of STUPID BITCHES. I quit.
What a fucking day.
can i please get a happy birthday? <3 (:
Shut my door you stupid whore!- my mom hahahahaha
Avocados are the best! It's like a little thing of healthy butter. :) Also, guacamole.
Watching Never Say Never. I will never stop loving and supporting this boy no matter what.
I HAVE contacted support and I'm not getting any answers. I need to know what's going on with my money NOW please
Still time this evening for VIP night at the Scholars Inn--buy one/get one free on all appetizers every Tuesday!
Still surprising to me RT : The Office will be back for 22 episodes this fall. It is not detemined if this will be the final season.
Yoga peeps. I just found out about the Wanderlust Festival at Lake Tahoe this summer at the end of July. Has anyone ever been?
I think we are going in like 4 weeks or something like that?
right nows: say lol right now
Anyone have ideas for a last minute date tonight? I'm scrambling to figure something out!
Schools, universities (and libraries?) need to facilitate learning by doing. Mitzi Montoya: Stop divorcing engineering from tech.
I know, right? SIGH. Wedding planning. Going to el valle this weekend. You gonna be around?
I 2nd that
can you a dm with your email address or follow me so I can drop you business note.
It took me a while, but I'm finally getting the Nook commercials. Now that I get it...not bad.
Uugggghhhh do I really have to go outside and look at the sky for astronomy. It's so cold.
Where is your favorite spot in #SouthFlorida to grab a quick, delicious lunch? May we suggest Nature's Way Cafe?
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to The Office online streams on HD
Everything was deleted off my phone.
TWiTTER DON'T EXCiTE MEH ANYMORE; iT JUST GiVE MEH SOMETHiNG TO DO...#✌
We are hiring for a serving position and a bartending position immediately. Please email resumes to .
God's grace and mercy is free for everyone, no matter how scandalous your past. He's all about second chances!
:O you are the luckiest person in the world.
that is beautiful! You have a job after basketball!
well you all have a very good night .. see you tomorrow.....
Nothing like the morning after a 1 am freak out!
Clicking a Facebook link or searching Google for credit card processing is a good way to get a deal right? Want to know how it really works?
Single most important skill 4 any person that does anything w/ #online mrkting - good HTML skills. I'd be in world of trouble right now w/o!
Haven't worn my subway stuff in mo this and it still smells like bread...
After this week, I've about had my fill of swamps.
Everything in my refrigerator is frozen due to the drop in temperature outside
OMG can't wait to see which of these amazing people will win love them all
I'm in a ridiculously good mood today :D
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
How is my beautiful cuz doing this morning?
looking forward to seeing you guys on Friday ! #willTJbethereohplsohpls???
not cool D ;)
It's a gray day!
Wait, what??? Also picked up the Zink issue with and Oh, Kelso..
I miss seeing these two fuckers together, never have i seen something equal these two live. < 3
That's what I like to here!
More reason to love ! :) RT The Gauchos, The Poets, & The Little Giants...just some of the strangest college mascots!
Should be working on my Marlowe chapter, but I'm having the urge to finally read John Bale.
You will see them so soon.
I Know For Sure That 2012 Is Your Year.<3
not gonna lie, I'm kinda jealous.
Thanks for the follow, Nadine. Nice to see you again.
go pix mix!
And to you! : ~ PEACE Be With You my Friends To Freedom, & TYVM4 the MT's. *
Holy crap ... I've got a lot of season finales to get through tonight. Thank god for the DVR -- and its inventor Douglas Vincent Rader, Jr.
It feels like April outside. I'm all for that.
interested to see what you guys are doing
or charging by the pound!..& extra for carts/strollers/etc..
Nice to have everyone on the Eli bandwagon with me. Welcome. It was lonely here in 2004
when is Andy joining the team, we need him big time now with Pineda out for the year.
❒Single ❒Taken ✔ I'm saving myself for
Wow. Just seen a random man riding a horse down the street with two dogs.
This chick got a pancake ass! Lol
How do your allergies impact your life?
So #mittromney If you don't remember holding down and cutting hair off a kid, what HS events are big enough for you to remember?
Playing a late night game of bag in hole with the fire house? OK! Don't mind if I do!
I hav 2 really watch my mouth when I hear garbage abt Obama. ": distorting history."
1.5 hours left to pack
Internet wasn't working at game. We were in 314. Looks like you got some face time
Thanks to #CleGiveCamp we are getting a brand new #Wordpress website! Thank you everyone!
aishah miller: this is what the #beyondhunger conference is all about - getting YOUR voice heard and have great conversations
ok just watched eclipse and yep im right...jacob rules!!
no you not
I wish I knew how to not be broken anymore.
Good advice: A woman's heart is as tender as a man's balls. Don't break hers and she won't break yours...
Our conflicts with others reflect the inner conflicts we have with ourselves. Being honest with ourselves we open up to others.
Don't forget the event is tonight at 6:30 PM.
i like urs way more:)
“: I really wish I couldve talked more with ya...” me 2! We will do it again
Passover: ponder both the terrible cost of sin and also the tremendous redemptive love & power of a God determined to set his people free.
you have gauges?
Sometimes I wish would look at her phone.
Y is my computer full of random pictures of other people's lives. I just spent an hour deleting faces I don't even recognize. Weird.
hope you saw earl the 135lbs
": Yahoo!!!!!! Just submitted $100k grant through work for praying it gets approved!!"//so awesome! Praying!
#PlansForTheSummer go to Cedar Point
pffft yeah, but I don't have vinyls of my band... Or even more, a record player. Oh and I don't like Justin Timberlake.
Happy new year anneke!
Ha! Good answer. :P
What's the link? We'd be happy to "like" your page too. We also have an alumni business listing, if you're interested.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who calls the boyz my babies(:
Can't be open on Saturday. Hurts.
DO NOT LOSE FOCUS!
You can come with me Sam
Good. RT "@ Payal_P: Another loss for Chicago. Bulls went from favored to win it all to the brink of elimination in the first round."
is that good?
Need a new color for the office walls
layoffs are a hard thing to experience and watch go on. My heart goes out to everyone.
Take that Canada
#Shaka Smart is the new Mark Few. Don't be critical of someone for being satisfied and content with life. Not everyone is greedy.
thanks. how should i get in touch with you? (or send me a message on FB or email, ).
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you do not trust enough -Frank Crane
Amen! Please pass the offering plate! LOL.
Holy fucking D line.
Wanna win a 51' tv from Paul's tv? Text "TUNE" to 25543 right now
Earlier testimony today by teacher Eleanor Miano related Loni's first telling of abuse to Miano and subsequent intervention of CPS.
I know it's wrong to laugh in a person's face but sometimes I just can't help it.
You ain't even that bad
(4 of 5, #igniteSmithsonian) Thank you all for coming to town and making time to share your thoughts with our community.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
Dare you to wait till noon for a Jack. RT : Beautiful Day today. Time for Weezy and I to hit the pick 6. Derby day baby.
you've hit me enough times to make me think you quit smoking everyday I've seen you.
imagination is more than knowledge only if you want to ignore/hide truth, but together with truth they are pure creativity
Do you ever feel like there is so much to do but never enough time to do it?
If your engagement gets called off does the woman have to give back the engagement ring? VOTE by replying with #yes or
Where's your job interview going to be at??
I love that song, me and my sister went to see when she came to jersey and it was awesome. :)
at caps game for friend's (surprise) b-day celebration. happy birthday jeff!
rather than CORRECTION. :)
EEk. Can't wait to hear what you think, Evan! Have a great time!
Storms moving in. will have the latest on which areas will receive the most rain. at 5:30 on
Thanks! Glad to help!
John Daily... I hate to burst your bubble, watching your show does not make me want to fuck
I'm going to start it up right now, I'll let you know!
Who this nigga Sam gotta date with?
Swimming by yourself < swimming with friends.
Elia Goat - Performing at this April's The Heights Music Festival - 4/6 & 4/7
Ever see sum1 so weird looking U hope police just arrest em on the spot. "if this dude hasnt bathed in blood yet...he's planning to"
Live without pretending. Love without depending. Listen without defending and speak without offending.
Go into a field, esp. medical, b/c you love it and there is nothing else you can imagine doing... never b/c its a good job...
Battier is in. no wonder...
A4 What works for one artist or in one venue may be distracting for another artist or venue. Know your audience!
Execution of Minor Convicted of Murder: Cruel & Unusual Punishment? 2005 #SCOTUS Oral Argument: ROPER v. SIMMONS. Sat 6pm ET on
just told me he was in the Hospital and broke both legs... I was so scared for u.. Then he tells me hes kidding
The measure of one's soul is not something that can be seen, it is something felt by those in your life. - Trog
Ha, sounds like the pressure is on! #gameon cc:
Good morning #Indy! Special shoutout 2 our newest followers: & ! A fantastic hotel & a unique wine experience!
looking forward to see if it still holds some terrorpower
Us Capricorns are usually attracted to those who can loosen us up a little bit. I wonder who I hang with who fits this description?? lol
Leyland was probably looking at Porcello's pitch count which was 103 pitches. Still a good outing for Porcello.
EVERYONE IS MY REAL BROTHER IRL
Charity work? Whenever u feel like u'r not getting what u want out of life, think about the last time u helped someone less fortunate.
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen i watch videos on youtube
why we remember this a decade later is beyond me. but that wb show also had Kate moenning from the L word...so,points for that!
im done with him
Social Centric will be back shortly!
It's National Margarita Day! Come in and enjoy one of our house-made margaritas!
Seeking an Assistant Director of Compliance with technical proficiency in all bank regulatory compliance matters and 3-5 years experience!
Create an environment for success with your words....you will become what you speak.....!......
re: cookie promise w/o follow through. I agree completely. how rude.
That was very sweet, Shauna. Thank you.
. Collaboration can make writing faster and richer. It's good for interdisciplinary thinking and diversity of perspective.
Yup. Do you hate me now? Haha
I will never forgive you.👌
It's RadioBedlam tonight and every Tuesday at 7pm. #openmic #belltown. Free 12oz drink for performers who sign up.
Rip #55 RT : Poice are investigating Junior Seau's death as a suicide.
Wondering....will I ever see #7bbi again....h
Babe we're eating the same thing.
I know this Universe will never be perfect...but sometimes it feels perfect.
happy b-day! Hope its great :)
also: I have emptied all my files in the filing cabinet in preparation of next year's GA...
Riding to Fridays for and company for his birthday. Happy birthday Yams 🎁🎉🎂
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. — Isaac Asimov
I hate you Peyton Manning.
On The road !
Rick ross same damn time>>>>!!!
Well, glad I got singing "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" at karaoke out of my system tonight FOREVER.
nothing lasts forever. so love it while you got it. and live it like tommorrow is your last day.
yeah team bopper! Glad they won't be last again.
13. I HVE SOME FRIENDS THT IVE BEEN FRIENDS WITH FOR YEARS, BUT NEVER MET THEM FACE 2 FACE.
u should care because u r a cutting edge social media loving kind of guy!
yeah we should!! Sweet dreams babe (; talk to you soon
Gomez looks like he tweaked something. Hopefully not too bad.
i love those little vodka gummy bears.
Do I get a win in Fantasy Baseball for having my 1B get the win in the 17th inning?
“: Abraham Lincoln was a licensed bartender.”
#StillUp..... this trends every night and Ive never responded..so figured Id join the party
“: s/o to my nigga #TeamIphone lol” lol shot out back to u #teamfollowback and
Session done and I'll be back to work in 4 hours No sleep grindin hard
Blake is getting beat up this game
love you too! We should share a bowl on Skype! Haha but really...
Girl Is On My Mind
Then use see what cases cite those cases and contain "syllabus" or "lesson plan."
GREAT vid bro.
miss him?
I don't want followers, obedient people. I want intelligent friends, fellow travelers. ~ Osho
Make money off your list by using advertisements on newsletters and promotions that have a call to action
": Be ready for your opportunity when it comes!"
Doing historical research and knowing how certain stories turn out results in experiencing a lot of dramatic irony.
Hoping this isn't for entire program of lib passes. Have to ask when I return this one. Will be super disappointed.
Just because there is a revolution does not mean media freedom and access to information are automatic.
where are you Rob Ford? You evict #OccupyToronto and not a peep from you. Shameful cowardice
If you want to be a Mason in my lodge, it's not smart to walk up to me and start trlling me what you think you know. Ask me don't tell me
What are the odds? Well , now we know where we will have to go next year . . .
Does anybody know if it's illegal to send somebody a text calling them a cunt? Say for example your boss? Or is it just frowned upon?
SPJ Awards Banquet tickets almost sold out. For real. Get them while you still can. www.spjsandiego.org.
Yes thank you. Now I really want to watch it.
my job is never done...off to Glendale....
VERY clever! Like!
upper tampa bay park for a little while before work.
Good sign Browns will go with Trent Richardson. RT : Minnesota is trading No. 3 pick Cleveland.
Being dead broke is the root of all evil -
im fine with the 1st T...the game was lost with the foul...but you CANNOT get tossed and face possible suspension for game 2
Tonight was a crunk juice kinda night
follow me back please
Yay!! the rain didnt stop our BBQ
Should be the best one yet! Weird seeing just four of them...
Is your mom trying to look young again?? LOL
Oh well lunch is over : (
Enjoy your Sunday and be on the lookout for icebergs.
Conference track meet today !!!! Let's get it !!!
The massage nearly put me to sleep, now I'm
FINAL WEEK OF RUINED! Closes this Sunday. Tickets at 816-531-PLAY or www. unicorntheatre.org.
Yes indeed, though we're looking for intellectual framework at this point, not simply exemplars.
I can't decide. What's the best 4th of July movie?
The things that you do when nobody's looking, is what defines you.
Oh man, I didn't think about the sending pics part
we already went and saw my dad and i screamed "WHO IS THAT STRANGE LOOKING MAN?!" and he turned around and said "ewww"
Claimed turkey carcass from girlfriend's family's Christmas dinner. Next stop - turkey soup!
We bump that b shels shit all day.. not cuz that's my nigga, that shit is just hot!!
Those commercials by Americans Against Food Taxes are funded by Coke, Pepsi, McDonalds, BK and Wendy's. Give Me A Break!
On my way!
Love the new avi!
And the hardest part was letting go
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows...
They should have an eHarmony for people with herpes. That way people with herpes can be with other herpes people. eHerpes.
That's big come from AK! How are tricks?
Haha, I bet you read some of them didn't you?
thanks for the follow and read!
Did I tell you abt Nozze at La Fenice in Oct.? Ended w/ Countess taking header a la Tosca!
I'm a light sleeper but a heave dreamer <3
haha I'm good thanks
Smh had to put my blunt out
deadline was yesterday. Thanks for inquiring though.
The caffeine is BEGINNING to take effect....here it comes....almost....okay. I'm fine. Have a good Wednesday and don't be a dick.
My dog is a re-tard.
well that works too. eating pie for breakfast probably necessitates that. :)
Would live to be getting/givinh some head right now...
I'd rather have 1 hit then 50 fillers!!!
Happy Valentine's Day to the 5000 beautiful people on my former page until 8.26.2010.
Ain't too proud to bee
Its crazy how somebody with NO college education is trying to go on a person who lives with their parents..smh
Pres. Obama: In pursuit of a durable peace, America has no designs beyond an end to al Qaeda safe-havens
B scam alert. If you get a B complaint letter double check the link it wants you to click. It is going to a phishing site. Do NOT click.
need to do a comic movie together i'm in the a email me
": People who are happier are less likely to catch colds."
I do not want to use the YAA Twitter page to go into details but I will discuss this on THIS account next week.
Where u wearin a hat?
A: We have to change the business model. Successful org's will be low-cost, high-quality.
Pryor makes it happen. This is a frustrating drive for Ducks fans, who had OSU stopped twice, but for penalties. And now the Buckeyes....
Gonna go see my dad. So I can get some money.
iPhone auto correct has led my wife and I nipping things in the butt, bus but not bud this evening. Damn auto Corbett.
Shouts go out to theis
learning how to strategize madonna style
it's funny how the bad things we hear about ourselves from others are so much easier to believe than the good ones..
Always better the next day: pasta. Rarely better re-heated: Chinese food. Why is that?
9p, $10, Euclid Tavern, the band Airwaves Ignite and more!
YIPPIE! We will be loading this morning so if we aren't there, pick a spot and toss it in the ground!
If only it was true and you where not just in my dream...
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking. Friedrich Nietzsche
Just not feeling it today!!!
I swear Jordan Hill is afraid to dunk the basketball
would love to learn more about your organization! website?
anders osborne another sell-out (advance)
Go home Jeezy.!
feel the same way
“: Wait, when did "cake" become slang for "vagina"?” Wait, what?!?!
Its 2011 ppl just take a shower nothing more needs to be said thank u
#Texas my photographer in Austin on.fb.me/kus0IF
Excited about Gospel at the Gallery Saturday Memorial Weekend. Taking over the Art District. Where they do that at? Las Vegas baby
what's your beer nerd guilty pleasure? 's is Leine's Berry Weiss, but people judge her when she says that.
School is so close to being over.
On line checking my tweets.
And one last thing before I go deal with dinner....well, at least we aren't the Twins.
I hate feeling like this for a guy:(
my mom
Glad you landed safely.
I'm n pain right now is in my hometown 3 mins aways from my home & my mom, my HS friend met him & I'm stuck n Orlando UGH!!
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was getting me to date her.
Good morning world. Time to get up and be productive today
My lawyers will be in touch. Bourbon indeed. Tequila, man.
Riddle: What's the difference between Google and Yahoo!? A: Yahoo! still use that awful exclamation in their name.
Thanks! As an avid traveler, I think your content is really interesting and helpful!
Congrats to our winner What do you want your awesome bag to look like?
I just had a dream that Don Henley showed me his kick ass comic book collection ( he had every fantastic four)
Baseball game should get the win
wow! Versace for commercials are the creepiest thing ever!
Red Velvet milkshake- the perfect afternoon treat!
haha I would hate you if you did that to me.
nope not at all
If a guy never starts a convo with u an whenever you decide to start one there is always a short answer.1 He's Mad or 2.He's not Interested
like totally, omg, that was so awk I almost vommed. jk
How's it feel to get licked
Oftentimes the innovator doesn't win.
DO TELL!
I wish people in silverlake drove more than 5 miles per hour!
Hey #Boston #whisky fans! We'll be at the Royale on Tremont pouring tastes of Eades from 2-6:00. Join us & other spirits co's.
Thank you so much! We love you too, and thanks for riding with us again. :)
no he has a Little blue sign but hes online
Sure, I'll think about becoming a Viking fan this year. Unrelated -- let me go check the temperature in hell . . .
What do you do to fix this Bucks mess? Sadly I'm not sure this is rock bottom yet.
Welcome to the news business. What will you be doing there?
#MoneyMovies "Fast Five"
A walk outside is usually a good place to start for me. RT : How do you just be happy?
I had 6 iPods donated. 1 broken, 3 stolen, 2 left I'm afraid to use. Stolen when I was out of room & it was locked when I left..
Just saw a cop ticket 3 different cars for parking facing the wrong direction on the wrong side of the street.
That dog is only 7 months?!
This happens at papers of record and with opinion columnists that one might not expect--apparently not able to create new work of their own.
#Contraband was much better than I thought it would be! #TheDevilInside, on the other hand, was pure garbage.
#RiseNGrind ... Time to hit up the gym, eat a big breakfast and then finish up more of this work. I'll be able to sleep in a couple days -_-
YES, OF COURSE
teamminaj is a bunch of airheads real squawk! I will defend any REAL female artist that is proven fact better den nicki
Buy Ryan Adams tickets for his show at the Walt Disney Concert Hall, LA on 2-17-2012. Show tickets available at: 888-493-0004
Assyrian Proverb~ The hammer shatters glass but forges steel.
thanks for the RT!!
my eyes are red and puffy, and a refuse to straighten or curl my hair. I look so attractive today.
With and delicious ravioli.
We enjoyed it! :)
This summer will be amazing, no doubt❤❤❤I can't wait!!! #June6 #graduation2012 get here already!!!!!
bro you gone be me they cool tho and I'll throw em some smoke and we will get plugged
Me and Alyssa are so silly sometimes.
Fun time tonight at Chicos Angels! Danny Casillas is so sexy!!
Getting excited figuring out our #sxsw schedule, any suggestions for great panels or events we should attend?
Hey ladies im on :)
Nothing like the morning after a 1 am freak out! Get ready!
Whenever you are sad or depressed , DO NOT listen to Drake . His music will make you feel even worse . Lol
is there a point for me to hang off in the club?
bases loaded for the second time; it's the second inning
Security, safety, trust, privacy, etc. still in W3C pipelines; takes a year or so for tools to catch up
You're too concerned with a small piece of a much larger puzzle.
Nix just faked Kaminsky out of his sneakers. Welcome to the B1G tournament
Good idea! Or maybe I'll just burn it in winter to save on the heating bill....
At #UMW basketball game in the Anderson Center. Are you?
ill respect it more if you dont do it for free
But which singlet? I tried to convince Adam to wear a singlet & glitter tonight but he told me that's inappropriate.
without question my friend, sleep wellRT : Maybe France + philosophy is getting to me ;) RT : How profound :) RT...
NO #SOPA and #PIPA. I support a free & open Internet, especially with amazing organizations like emerging.
Well, we definitely both know - Howdy Kifah!
maybe t hey should offer you stock options? hahaha great meeting you yesterday
#blago still shaking hands and kissing babies.
RT : Awesome comment -> RT : The only thing your competitors can't copy is your culture...your people.
Design Tip: Create a dream board of how you want your home to look. www.cliointeriordesign.com
black sails ipa now pouring
I need a little 2 bedroom condo in #FortLauderdale just love the weather!
Watching a bunch of people I know tweet from MLA when I'm at work is a bit of a bummer...
Are you gonna hang after you play at Bamboozle?
tryin to ball sunday
You're Awesome... Thanks Danette! RT crazy good talent on Glass Circle!
i wouldnt mind if mikey came up and started rapping in my ear
“: I'm ready to have my car back!😢 ” I'm ready to have mine back to!
Good morning peeps! What's on your gay agenda for today, Saturday May 5th?
Wen people fall asleep on u>>>>>>>
Thanks for the Follows
"What I mean is all I need is Just a little emotion, Cause all I see is you're not feeling, And you're giving me nothing nice."
I have to say I found some interesting stuff.
It is the score .....I dont expect much integrity from that station as a whole
Beauty call La is proud to offer - chemical free, paraben free,& preservative free products and treatments. No gimmicks just real skin care!
OK #ParksandRec is my fave show on #TV right now
all I need is that one thing to go right... that one thing that will prove this is all worth it
I love Freakonomics Radio.
Yes ma'am
If I died right now it's obvious u wudnt care at all
of course not!!! I'd love to work with Justin beiber!
First step toward conquering the world...
all kinds of men's T.I.T.S. gear
Today will be a great day! Hannah is in town and only 2 meetings this evening!
Rachel Degrosseillers -Your strategic plan should be your guide and not your comfort zone
For all the dog lovers, what great places in DC do you see while walking your pet that could benefit from free web exposure?
Can we add KFC as an exception? Those eleven herbs and spices have eluded me for years.
The beings were shining like silver or a mirror but nothing reflected off of them, I was looking for a mirror effect but there was none.
would be great if we could be afforded the rights of the liberal state. I guess a camel jockey will always be 1.
My iPhone fitness tracking app was clearly not designed for archivists, because there is no category for "schlepped 5 pallets of boxes"
why do weekends have to be so short ughghgghh
I just bought your cover of Pumped Up Kicks on iTunes(:
Interesting. I rarely use a lid for coffee, even in the car. I guess I defy physics -- my petty superpower.
Staying up until midnight is worth it for music
Ivy got news for you: Intel's latest superchips launch - TechRadar UK
found some fun knitting events at the in the next few months!
Special thx to for the opportunity to be part of Friday Night Eclectic last night - it was a great time!
ask mady rau if she knows who i am because when i was looking through yearbook and saw her in the fifth grade el class?
and he got another follower...
NCAA academic progress rates for the final four: Kansas: 1000 Kentucky: 974 Louisville: 965 Ohio State: 952 Guess I'll be rooting for KU.
Getting my hair done first stage perm yippee
Join for her "Living Your Yoga" workshop tomorrow night from 7:00-8:30pm in our TS Lab.
your going to have so much fun tonight!:) my boy takin care of you;) love y'all!:)
Garcia and Scherzer
BMSPF ON HIGH ALERT~HAVE A CORE POSITION~EXPECTING A BIG MOVEMENT IN THE NEXT FEW TRADING DAYS~
Two girls wear the same shirt, "She copied my style..." Two guys wear the same shirt... "BROTHER!"
Until I recently upgraded, mine was running at ~100 KB/s. It was a sad time.
I firmly believe that being democratically voted into the Presidency of the USA by a million+ votes demands respect from all its citizens!
Definitely! RT : Flea eggs can survive for a year, so you gotta kill em. Again, avoid the flea powders and sprays...
Remember the Columbia House program? 8 CDs for like a buck, & then they'd send several at full price or something like that.
Remember, a man is not where he lives but where he loves
playin wipe me down word to OG
ah oddly mine doesn't either as much as I would like it too.
Ha. Twitter run by Ravens fan?
I hate when people text me first and then don't keep the conversation going.
It's what I use to do.
...i think its in vs. #27.....sheep hear His voice and FOLLOW:........Hey Ms. TJ
sometimes all I ever wanna do is hop on the treadmill.
don't you just love payday!
RT : Sharing insights on Hootsuite for account management
Only a few days left to get your FREE tote bag w any order perfect to store christmas gifts and drugs and shit like that..
Thanx for the follows everyone! Now, how to find a trustworthy marketer? I need marketing, any referrals? Need to get my App bizz going.
I won't get to see my friend today :(......
Off to leagues with the team!:D
What if medical community treated "patients" as partners?
No dumbass, not all guys are like that.. pretty sure not everyone falls into that sterotype.
Thanks! We are very happy!
Christmas follow?(;
I heard! Did he play his humanize song for you?
my relationship is real... thanks tho.
Happy Summer #PDX! What are you doing tonight?
OH: "What's gonna get the cat smell out?" Next to dry cleaners.
Way to go Pearland Little League!! Good Luck Tonight!
Happy Sunday everyone. Just posted an update about our Kickstarter project. Just see "Update" tab on Kickstarter page. We are trying to rea…
Then can't hold me down, they can't stop my shine. They can't block my grind. shawty, it's game time.
Our $3 beer and 1/2 price bottle wine specials are still running, until Thursday!
alright, kind of mad that we got hacked. wbu?
I hate Boston so damn much. Glad to see them lose.
7 tonight is when it opens, but I can take it until Wednesday. It's on Blackbaord. Wanna get lunch today?
(abstract vs. Concrete crap preference) abstract crap only smells in theory.
mother's day 6 song set = success. Credit to 1. Lou, 2. George/Paul/John, 3. Ted Leo. et. al. go moms
"Life's just too short to play little." -Robin Sharma
Sounds awesome...What type of icing/outside shell are you going to use?
14. I HVE A TENDANCY TO GET OFF TRACK SOMETIMES...
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 45
could you text me? We needa talk
Really now twitter after dark go to bed for that sht
good morning <3 hope you have an amazing day:)
1987 changed the face of music in many ways...but The Joshua Tree has a spcial place in my heart...it changed my life. Thank you U2.
Laying on my trampoline
Build your body and your mind will follow
#BostonSportsReport: Kyrie Irving selected NBA’s top rookie (The Associated Press)
I knew you weren't the one when you said you didn't drink #Leinenkugel's
": #jurgens be fucked up " we need attorneys? If so,defense or divorce?!!
aw pretty princess!!
Yes we are! Do you want it?
okay im barely going home
“: I hate bad texters..don't get me talking and then shut down”
Less than 24 hours since we "went public" and already some great applications for #thatcamp Columbus!
#MaybeIshould think before i do things
can you ladies please have a talk w/ my dad? My ptnr of 12 yrs & I have made no progress w/ him.
Strength traiing isn't just for men. Women need it to help decrease osteoporosis risks.
lol nah were just chillin hard that day
A career path which requires me to wear a lycra unitard. And a requirement of sobbing.
Its such a good song<3 Ke$has mom and Akon wrote it! haha
agreed. And tweet amended.
Yall just dont know!! The unspeakable sinful shit Id do 2 him! & he has full authority to get raw on me
Tweeting while being chased by a dog # #I'msoskillful
The Service Industry tonight at Club Deville for FREE WEEK in Austin, Texas, USA. Come on down, ya cheap bastards.
what did u mean??
He's like...one more beer.
Help a Nigga out.
Very interesting points by Dr. Stephen Rouse about additive manufacturing in medical devices and healthcare.
It's okay to realize you can't please everyone, just try your best.
International reaction to Arizona at meeting: "Best place in the U.S. to be in business and be from somewhere else".
wow what article/subject?
I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA SAY THAT! K was like, Which part scared her? and i was prolly the orange dudes and then your tweet popped up.
i love your city when you are born ,please follow me i love italy... i'm Italian... i love you <3 follow me
Lovin' Jack DeJohnette's latest " Sound Travel" especially with Bruce Hornsby on " Dirty Ground" and Jack's nod to the great Levon Helm
Commission meeting is back in session and is providing direction to the line drawers.
When the got a penalty my cat hopped up and meowed at the TV.
Meeting in building blocks away canceled
Maybe ya won't go so hard on Kobe and the lakers next time.
Not to be reductive w/pro-athletes as ultimate bros, but when A.Gonzalez ret. to ATL as tonight, does he show Brewers, e.g. best clubs/eats?
I love you thank you <333
Wrote 15 reports; 12to go...now it's time to watch World's Strictest Parents
Lookin like a hobo
#Huguely defense rests.
no worries... they did :(
Awesome Scott Pilgrim shirt on www.teefury.com!!!
There is so much good stuff to read on the internet today.
Hello twitters!!
#GoodNightWorld ! Work in the AM ..
is this Jesse or Travis? So unoriginal!
Hi Mark, Dave from StoryFirst. Would enjoy meeting you one day soon. Mike says hi!
“: you mean his wife?” -- of course
It has been totally worth the cold fingers.
I'm definitely in my zone...
Just saw the movie #Limitless. I strongly recommend it. Also, honest Droid Razr review coming soon to my blog (I need more time).
Hello gang. Been a while!
... omg watching Tamera getting married , im finna Cry </3 , wish i had that !
Game seven glory!!! On to Oklahoma City!!
dumb blonde.. And where ur forehead or like ur actually head
Follow me and I'll Follow back Promise..
Aaahhh this is the first time I've wiling up bymyself this early aahhh
HANNAH G shoots for TEMPTU today!
Just finished the night with a good work now heading to bed 
thanks Matt. Let us know what you think.
I like moving. I see it as the beginning of a new chapter.
After early Nfl it looks like Minnesota might cost me a couple hundred
True or False - Mac computers can not get a virus....
Horrible dream last night. I hate that shit..
Biggest takeaway from DistribuTECH is that US economy is strong. Industrials big and small: "best results we've seen in years"
I'm multi-tasking
i think ima take a nap.(:
Midtown's clean and green teams will be finishing work at 2:00pm today due to Code Red heat conditions.
The big boys went the distance! Decision looming... #boxing -ms
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: Reason No.9: Niagara Falls, the Niagara River, Lake Erie, lush countryside.
lol xD I love you loser
Why is Jennings on the bench? Wtf
When I was in #PR, I resented reporters who deleted emails based on the subject line alone. Now I find myself having to do exactly that.
i was walking home down the hill and he drove down and stopped and asked me what cosine(a+b) I literally just stared at him
stoned fucking vibes.
Well at aunt barbies house... i miss kane and today was kinda boring.. well goodnight everyone!!!!!
Havin A Rockin day !!!! Working On some New Radio Version songs In The Studio!!!
RT : I'm on one
#tayloralderdice on repeat all night long.
omg asdfghl; they have the formal dress i want in stock omgomgomgomg<333 brb ordering it <33333
the best! Read all the ones in my mid school library in only a few months...
the weeknd... extremely, extremely dope.
3. "How did they make you become a "sambo"?"
So glad I was born a #Kentucky fan! Where else do you expect to win National Championships every season?
Marketing Friday
. you are on Sir. Tomorrow it is.
Almost everyone of my teachers today has said something about 4/20.😄
great ideas in newest issue! Love all the pictures
appreciate the countdown man! May 22nd needs to be here fast! #beast mode
... sensitive areas between partners.
what would you do if Ben secretly liked you ?
THIS IS BUGGY ~`I`~ BUGGY SAYS HI THIS IS BUGGY WHEN A CAR COMES BY =() he says "mom i gotta an owie"
Why is Arizona banning books about Mexicans who live in the United States? Aren't those books protected by the First Amendment?
Glad you liked the show! - The B Side RT : Phenomenal performance tonight, Sir! Really well done.
Monday Motivation: Exercise has to be a priority that rises above the convenience of when your schedule allows for it!
I'm thinking you should follow me. ;) Yes. You should get to that... :)
Congrats to Bruce Wayne for retaining Alfred's services.
Interesting? Maybe. I was able to figure out what production was filming on my block searching Twitter over Google.
settin up nice 4 #DEVILS huh
Trooper wrote me a warning for speeding today-was highly respectful,too. I hope he isn't furloughed over MN legislators' temper tantrum.
I hate my name 
aunt; earthquake lets go! me;what?! aunt; lets go! me; WAIT lemme go do my hair and make up before we die!! :D
Watching Love and Hip-Hop...this is my guilty pleasure.
both kinda lol
- rlly lk the post - thinking abt digital examples of pseudoteaching? Engaging content- little learning
good call!
Hi Beth we will have more shirts next week and will send it out then. Sorry for the delay
Friend told me of Japanese saying: What you are at 3, you are at 100. Keep that in mind for Romney.
cause I look like brad pitt, right?
And yeah, get up here man. I'm also long, long overdue for a trip down south sometime soon.
Happy Hour til 7pm! Come visit Jeff behind the bar! $3 rails, $3 select drafts, $3 house wines!
is the guy for
Work on the Christmas piece still proceeding (Westward leading, etc). Lots of pseudo-ethnic bits; fun to write for organ for a change.
always great beating that town
Rivera, Kahlo, Picasso, Van Gogh, Sierra, Rousseau, Matisse, etc. All under the same roof at the
Jessie J is way underrated. She is far above the level of Ke$ha and Katy.
You can drive a nail with a wrench, but a hammer works a whole lot better.
I feel like a good view is a great distraction from people digging around in your grill.
#Np Tupac Hail Mary and fixing my paper
It is!! Flo Rida "Good Feeling"!
Loving the rain in Austin. So, so good.
Thinking about jumping on the Toms bandwagon - are they really that comfortable?
Hungry for "Steak and Eggs" with ginger soy fried rice, and an egg any way U like? Think FUSE....
I have so much laundry
Where is
Now THAT'S how you get rid of a dictator. Egypt is on the road to freedom.
follow back? Lol
You are very welcome
“: Chinese Telephones might be my favorite band” <-- Yea! I bet would agree too!!
Ugh why do you make me so weak?
I agree its awesome that facebook is integrating everything we do. It creates a scrapbook for you with out having to do much work
Eric Church epitomizes the kind of guy I want to marry.
Lights; Elli Goulding ☺👌🎶
new southern banger from "racks n bands" ft Cap1
After a great wknd we made it back safe to ATL. we danced, we partied & we represented our PasoFino family well! See you tomorrow!! ;)
come to Jazz crib.
Hm... about to go enjoy front-row Orioles tickets on a rainy cold Saturday night. This is why you should always buy at the last minute...
Nothing gets me energized like spending time with & Wyldlife guys. As usual, when I teach, I learn from the pupils.
When a cute girl retweets me>>
Well played, Roger. Well played. RT Well, at least Sally didn't walk in on her dad and Megan doing that. #MadMen cc:
Like u weren't cheering for econ to tank in '08? You're not above it, tho people were dumb enough to think u were
My favorite kind of boring! I've lived through enough "excitement" in my career...
Like the idea how the Assets project derived query suggestion terms form logfiles
Love being in CT again...Milford yesterday, New Canaan today!
bet make tht real world cut now lol salute!
I love yoga because in yoga there is no way around, eventually you must go right through.
Waiting for the insurance guy to come assess the hail damage to my car. I've never filed a claim before, I hope it goes smoothly.
True dat! RT : I wonder how Scott Walker feels about unions today
Only if you Rocked and Rolled all night and partied every day
maybe fall. depends on radio momentum!
RT : Today in Jewish History (1939) Bday of Israeli writer Amos Oz
lol we do it best.
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
haha oh well thanks for sharing
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman. ~Coco Chanel
thank you for the review and mention!
Pay up or pull out of the euro - tough choice Germany may soon face. If the bailout bill skyrockets, going back to deutschmark is attractive
Okay, whatever, Don Rickles is NOT following me back.
maybe I can meet them. Trying to set it up early in summer so it won't be too hot. :-)
#Bengals having a real nice draft.
your welcome...how's your bday going do far?
Sunday will be the first time that I'll see the Indiana Pacers play all season & playoffs
Have a goodnight everyone. If you haven't checked out bartenderme.com yet or recently please check it out. U will like, happyhour and events
My company is the only creative resourcing firm that offers talent management and HR services to make agencies better places to work. Kinda…
let me see you workout for me workout for me
RT : is that a banana in your pocket or oh cool yeah good source of potassium.
When your night consists of watching cheerleading videos.
So glad I went to Notre Dame and only became obsessed with our football team. Can't handle twice the disappointment.
What happened to the So Listen video?
maximizing is sometimes about supporting one great brand/cause and compromising on other things
One of the hardest things is seeing that you're perfectly fine and happy without me
S/O he follows back
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase ~ Martin Luther King, Jr. |
YUH BITCH MAYBE NEXT TIME BLAKE
Everyone's focused on year-end activities, not refining their practice or thinking about next year.
Welcome to the 21st Century Montreal Canadiens with the great hire of Marc Bergevin!
if i turn into another, dig me up from under what is covering, the better part of me
The Skysailing exhibit will now be INSIDE Century Rio 24 for the movie Rio. Come out @ 11am tomorrow and check it out! Lots of freebies!
#GirlsWhoDontWaxTheyCoochie Why is this trending? Lmao!
Hahaha... The time change note was a great giggle! I can see your face at that very moment!!
#ThingsAboutMe I'd rather be hot then cold
as soon as I get my license, I'm coming straight to your house #planonit and I'm
You need some good mushroom tunes, too:-)
#thoughtsduringschool where the fuck did this random boner come from???
leaving GA now from a gig! Wish I could stay. Kill it tomorrow! Just like that Georgia clay!
I just had to busy out laughing at that last tweet.
RT : Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
God, Kyrie has an actual personality, isn't a jackass, and is totally genuine. Refreshing.
Tomatoes = Awesome, if you have no issues with nightshades. In fact, liver sauteed with tomato sauce is great, IMHO. :D
Flaxseed, which is rich in essential omega 3 fats, is an excellent source of protein. Add it to salads and get more vital nutrients.
I'm making a do me face at you right now
Okay after swearing up and down I wasn't going to give into Instagram.. I did #saysomethingbitch 👊 📷 #followme hi_imcarlos 😁
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, come on y'all
Finally #GOTDay! Less than 6 hrs to Season 2 Premiere. I'm not sure what I'm more excited about #Dragons or #Dinklage!
Chill tonight, kickbacks? Let me know.. Loser mode B)
Lovin'  'Signs and Signifiers' on Hi-Style! Answer our prayers & play for us in San Francisco! www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
Went with my Uncle to a signing around Christmas when the book came out in Bmore.
Oh this is a real person? OH LOL!!
And the #Bruins take the lead on a patented Johnny Rocket slapshot. 2-1 Bs
Cie bgt :P RT : Your greet cheers my day :D
follow back :)
saw that coming, he was due
Don't forget to RT the contest to be entered to win!
I hate crying infront of people. Fuck
i LOVE how the Miami Arena is Totally SIlent - #Funeral like.. HAHHAHA
I don't know much about it but I know that Spetsnaz are some of the scariest human beings on the planet.
Kerouac's an award winner in my book.
Please you guys shud do fan calls! Or mayb even webcam?
Now's the time to say goodbye to another hero who became a friend. R.I.P., Brother Mike Davis from the MC5. Keep kicking out the jams.
hope you get better soon!
Thanks Ms. Wirth! :P
im a #MindlessBelieberBrezzyBaby you can only call yourself tht is u support #MindlessBhavior #JustinBieber and
he must have saw my tweets saying #NowPlaying Arron Kelly I don't wanna miss a thing or something cuz I never talked to him
yeah that looks cool :)
Same for me as I live in the Twin Cities as well.
that's kind of sexist. I'm a guy and I read American Girl books in elementary school - Molly was my favorite!
If I yell at you tomorrow, don't take it personally.
The lowest.
When the teacher tells u to turn down ur music so u put it up lol :)
Such a great day! Goodnight 💤😃
I'm homy. You read it right...I just wrote it wrong.
Someone in the office forgot to pay the Internet bill. See? Corporations ARE people.
Growth via Partnerships and Alliances will enable you to increase scope & reach while minimizing cost & risk. Explore it as an option!
Yes its good and nothing. Dylan&Tiff<3
I knew the intersection would be closed eventually, but didn't know it would affect that much of Sare.
I put mine up yesterday! It makes the apt cozier & what else was I going to do while listening to the she & him Christmas record?
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle FACE OFF......
Do you read books? Can you opine articulately? We're looking for book reviewers. Email us at
So proud of
HAHAHAHHAAH! that's hilarious
Love the nautical look of today! Ready for our #DC cherry blossom boat tour!!
o.m.g the he had it coming glee vsn is so good <3
Aw man bad timing! Next time perhaps :)
Meeting tonight to plan for this weeks EPIC commercial shoot!
my love <33 text me good news for us!!
You have the wrong ! You're talking about
Huevos con chorizo or pastrami melt?
Happiest couples in the world never have the same NATURE. They just have the best UNDERSTANDING of their DIFFERENCES.
Looking forward to TEDx here in San Diego in December. The brightest minds, the freshest ideas...always a must-attend event!
wat. 40M$ over claims about shoes?
Go #celts #okc #nuggets #spurs #clippers and
If I die before I wake, I pray the lord will clear my browsing history.
Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear I sentence you to be exposed before your peers. TEAR DOWN THE WALL!!!!
#HappyHalloween from the Memorial Branch, Los Angeles Public Library. Come on in tomorrow for treats... oh yes, and candy, too!
LOL!! It has grown on us...took awhile though : )
Spiderman said: with great powers come great responsibilities. #bizforum folks - let's use that big data responsibly!
the fast green fox jumped past the tired dog.
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online HEUIEHOIUEHE q trend perfeito.
great news! And is there any indication as to what "indefinitely" means in regards to chris bosh?
oh and a steak hoagie?
“: #Gemini can't tolerate bad losers.” YOU KNOW IT!
i would love to live ur life kate.. ::(:(:( take it easy mi kate.. love ya
I wish my brother would come bring me food :(
We are so excited for Empowered to Connect Dallas! Let us know if you're here today.
i thought today was sunday, all day til just now.
listenin to a collab of the two worst rappers of this century LMAO...Soulja boy & Lil B
Beautiful weather think I'll do some landscape art today
Movie Pass should start paying you for their marketing ;)
congrats sweetie! :)
Nope. No translation provided.
"The truth is that leadership opportunities are plentiful and within reach of most people" -Bennis and Nanus
how long will you be in town?
I brought Small World Underground to HASTAC. wussed out.
“: I almost came to your house and smacked you. No country”country is good Tyler ....
Congratulations and ! They's gonna get married. YEAH!!!
"Technology is only a small part of the solution - it involves people, understanding and time" - at #TechCamp Ramallah
WMAQ: All-clear given on Delta plane quarantined at MDW. Passenger says someone had bug bites, not communicable disease.
good morning, tweeters! last day of the week. finish the week strong!!!
LMFAO! Justin Bieber can't sing live anymore.
Are you sure you just didn't watch a Capital One ad?
That is just not right!! Lol
Hey, just wanted to say I love you! Well thats all, byee <3
Thanks for the follow Palmira!
Chris Bosh have any rings?? Ohh yeah, he doesn't.
: “Gaga feminism” argues for always seeing the big picture; change for one identity means change for all identities
Its a lot eaiser to deal with your problems instead of ignoring them.
Donald Driver Special: (serves 20-25) Cheese & Sausage Platter, Relish Platter, Taco Dip, Ham, Tortilla Pinwheels Only $80
Indeed! I did some acting in my younger years, and I've done some acting classes at ACT in SF over the last few years. Cheers!
yea!!! Thank you so much! W.marlenebrehm.com
Hot pot got me stuffed
Are you guys back/open again?
Moving up on the #reverbnation charts. Have you ranked us yet?
Take time to let a conversation develop. Don't always go for instant gratification.
Thanks for making your 2nd tweet ever about us!
yeah that service is. We have 3 services. The electric is the third. Worship leader has to do some traditional but mixes it
in bed watching tv and listening to lil wayne
Its hard to look right at you baby. But here my number so call me maybe;)
If You Don't Have A Dream You Don't Have Nothing
Thanks. It was a great day!
lol my bad now following
Excited for the Wedding University meeting soon!
Any psychopathic person that likes to watch porn would enjoy our school because i see it in the hallway
your a dork and my friend and I love ya hehe haiiiii!
I'll try to make it out brother!
Sadness be gone let's be people who deserve to be Loved because we are worthy
Hopefully, I will make it to libchat tonight. I'm no longer working Weds. night so this evening librarian is no longer at your service.
congrats bro. the whole family is proud! one day sir. one day.
What are some of the best games for
Philly folks: have 1 ticket for tonight's performance of 12th Night @ 7 by Pig Iron. Message me if you or someone you know can use it.
we feel terrible about your predicament.
VJax wants 17 mil a year as no 1 WR so isnn't 8 mill second reciever freeagent money? Even if might not be worth it as player?
me, too. sorry to miss
I've asked a coach. I'll get back to you. :)
happy friday! :D
Tomorrow: Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares for her Central NY bistro.
There's a new book titled "The Loyalists" which gives an interesting perspective about their plight from New York years ago
This time last week, I was on a plane on the way to Disneyland. Right now, I'm dipping pretzels in leftover Taco Bell nacho cheese.
Feel like it's gonna be a good night for #p2 voters. RT : Greetings #lastword!
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my boyfriend; I ♥ my family...really hoping what i heard today isnt true!
Dropping off a fresh batch of crocheted goodness to Corazon tomorrow! Check it out! New owl hats, new button-up neckwraps and headwraps!
I know
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. ~Rene Descartes
RT The best friends aren’t always the ones only true to your face. It’s about the friends who remain true behind your back.
I loved that show! RT : Welcome back Mr. Kotter! (snort snort)
A HUGE thank you to everyone who came out to the Four Corners scholarship benefit last! 's Bob Herzog was AWESOME!!!
I mean followers ..
I needed two ips because I needed Drupal and Wowza to both be able to listen on port 443 at the same time, hence two ips
Looking forward to a long friendship!
I love being angry when I'm working out....I love taking my anger out in the gym best stress reliever
Pilates...too nasty to run & I usually run in all conditions...what about you?
you're gonna have a HUGE game tonight! Go Magic!
Done for the night. 6am flight to AUS & my first #SXSW. Speaking at 3pm Friday on tech & work w/ a great panel - cvntn cntr 12AB -c u there!
#True RT : Make sure I stay motivated
Yep We wOn QT : So did my MAVS win or what?
That slow smile at the end of his campaign ad springs to mind MT That creep-tastic smile is beyond priceless.
hahahha:) me either!
A cold front this aft. will usher in cooler and drier air for tonight and Saturday. Today: AM Fog and Drizzle, then m/sunny, high of 84.
my coworkers need to stop making fun of me for using the word... dude!
Tell me all your secrets.
thank you for the retweet sister!
Yeah, kinda like fish that are brought up from the deep sea and burst on the surface?
Practice makes perfect! :)
I agree. I favor inclusiveness
That was a terrible shot
Is that grammar really? Or just common sense.
#Friday's Here!!
Im Freezing where my Wife donesha at i needa jacket !
Great 3 hour nap. Time for Lakers and Nuggets.
if reoffense is high for other crimes then Wayne should have voted for tougher sentences for violent crims who violate parole
I'll have another glass of u...this tyme on the rocks
why is there explosions at the Country Club?
Listening to Wiz Khalifa..in a better mood than earlier..
Fuck being sick:(
Thanks for the follow: ,
If #Romney is the nominee then the South could be in play for #Democrats. VA, NC, TN, etc.
Excited to discover that my #MLIS advisor (Dr Johnathan Furner) created the Dewey Decimal Classification for #quidditch I'm a
YES! And of course this type of thing always happen on the weekend #peoplewithnolife :) cc
Twitter won't let me follow people back: (
Agh, my eyes and my throat hurts . & im fucking sleepy.
Were you in Legally Blondes? :)
hey, james your performance was amazing
RT : Bernard: Data centers are the fastest growing consumers of power on the planet.
u'r da best!
Wait, did tweet that the Good Captain may actually join Twitter soon? *Falls off chair*
hahahha i know right
