working with a stray dog. He almost eats from my hand.
maybe if they didnt smell like mothballs and urine they wouldnt be alone.
OH MY FUCKING GOD ARE U KIDDING ME I CANT UNDERSTAND THIS
#Nick Carr just began talking about how #cloud became a viable option for all companies.
was that a good or a bad thing for you?
Why is m hall so freezing? :(
#askaaron you mentioned the Giants faking injuries in the game, do you think the NFL needs to address this? and how?
hell yeah ! Haha
If I were to write the song...
See you soon!
Any good music must be an innovation. --Les Baxter
I hate chains (although I will eat there nonetheless). I love dives. Probably why I dig the so much.
Cannot wait until we have our boat!!!!! 🚤🌅
Haha so much win. You peed away the maybe. Avengers this week?!
wooohoooo!! LOVED your dresses
i don't know, we're making yeast raised waffles...
This room is on overflow wow super wifi super hot today.
I bet the teams are wishing the next race was at Rockingham
are you being an investigative reporter?
ready for some football
I was straight. I had a wonderful marriage 2 a fine man. This month is our 19th wedding anniversary. But Obama just ruined it!
Had to work last night but #80plates is on DVR! Decent? cc:
anytime keep up the good work lemme know if you ever need a #3d modeler
Sounds like a plan, I will get with Gilbert to what is available at Echo maybe? I think April is pretty open right now.
I"m in Argentina. Woot or Z.
come see us this weekend at with !!!!!
I kicked Jason S. because I wanted to!!
Ancestry.com Rules!
iCloud seems like a really neat concept. Apple (and Steve Jobs) just keep the cool ideas flowing . . . what will they think of next?
iPad 3 for work (free)... don't mind if I DO!
If you're studying/ volunteering abroad, don't forget to call home to greet your mom Happy Mother's Day!
thank you for reminding me again about the most important part of strategy 2012. :)
Biggest ray ray fans follow me it's that simple!!!!
cute article about you in USA today!!
Pistachios at work was a bad idea.. Sounds like I'm eating a box of dry noodles over here.
Oh, YUM! I ate like 6 cupcakes yesterday. LOL Freaking Devo would claim that. Hahah
I'll just come over bro I'm omw now
....has some very exciting news to share! Stay tuned! #greater!
That would be cool. Powell's is an extraordinary place. English accent stands out here! I tell guests I'm from Texas!!!
well,u dnt know shit ive gone thru nor go thru, and i dnt expect u to, im jus lettin ppl understand "me". im tryna stay real
Time to update my Thunderbolt firmware, apparently.
Thinking good thoughts for your father and you. All the best.
Sometimes I just wanna hide away and cry!! Then wake up then there will be my true love kissing me to wake me up!!!;) #TRUELOVESKISS<3
Right to Heal stop in san fran at the war memorial tonight!! starts at 7pm. follow us on twitter
My Christmas Gift is to see my Autistic Students smile as they succeeded in a feat!
both of those shows r weak so idgaf
I think I'll go play some Bioshock or maybe some Boarderlands :D
Thanks for following this. Hard to believe that this company's VM service has been MIA for over a week.
I have a nosey ass neighbor
The RLC in the #UMBC library is buzzing tonight! Thanks to everyone who participated in our furniture feedback survey!
So ya. Today's my last day in Buffalo. Fuck.
Three walmarts later...I found a bug light bulb!!
Biggest Loser trainer: Bob Harper spotted at Girl and The Goat....Its a cheat day apparently!
Send me your weird facts! I'm working up some Weird But Trues for The weirder the better!
tell me if you find anything!
Definitely! RT : I'm sorry I couldn't make it out there tonight. Next one!
Amy and Saroj's collaborating with child care providers program was great. Feel like it also confirmed fppl is on the right track!
Great luck with that!
Pimp C gon but he still wit us cuz its still muthafuck that Hilfiger
where did you grow up? I grew up in the Midwest and LOVE storms. My mom grew up in upstate NY and hates them.
It'll be a major part of the discussion.
How's your job going?
Cecil's old team. Start the dad-son drama talks now. RT prince agrees with
just mean we gotta make it better
Ahh this better not be some shit
Pool party at mi casa <33
Hot damn. I really do love
#ithankfeminism that my mom willingly worked in dress factory so I could get a physics degree.
Congrats on the followers. Well deserved!
#winklevoss twins own the best pistachios commercial
#Thethingis Sometimes I don't believe you because of my Trust~Issues....
Just ate a flour restaurant,Thanks guys for a great meal.
Tried the strawberry banana this morning, instead of my usual honey flavor. Really liked it! Any other good flavors?
make sure 2 have another pair of shoes available the 1st few wears! Breaking in boat shoes can be painful if u aren't careful!
Looking forward to seeing who you trade Morneau for and maybe even more who you talk into taking him...lmao
Oh, right. The Democratic war on stay-at-home moms. That was a long day. Is the take-away here that Dems fight shorter wars?
oh for sure better come to san diego then!
Wow! Cinco de Mayo and the Derby on the same day.
Follow my best friend! He just got Twitter!!!
Robert Pattinson: 'Rags by Rob', would you wear Rob's clothes? - Metrowny.com
be glad when my stimulator get back
I wanna cake wit her
lol fasho I'll fuck with u when I get off work tomorrow
Whats everyone moaning about money for tho
If my recently-posted comment criticizing Community doesn't receive 100 "Fuck You" replies, I'm convinced I shut down
Pop Quiz! Which celebrity chef "Wolf's" down Marukan?
Don't dwell on what you don't have or what you need but celebrate what you do have.
I want to get married ... one day
hard to pedal & tweet :)
Check out Portland Open Studios today and tomorrow. I'm at Shyama's studio at 6413 N Boston.
Now testifying in Roger Clemens perjury trial... RT : Now comes Kirk Radomski, former Mets clubbie, former distributor of PEDs.
Americans have no choice but to be slaves to the economy..Shits crazy
Do more than is required. The extra mile that you walk makes all the difference.
My shoulder hurts! I hate when I sleep all weird.
if oprah and i were friends she'd probably get on nerves with the gloating
No coincidence that 1 winning badge system is in sustainable agriculture. Sustainability = integrating many complex, concrete skill sets.
whats good sexy
wakin up w my bae... he luvs me....i missed him
New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
Time for the Reds to start a winning streak... Need a good series... #GOREDS!!!
Just arrived at LAX. Probably my last tweet before landing in Beijing tomorrow.
RT Anyone have extra free day passes to the gym? Needing to rid of some calories through exercise!!!
I want to wear shorts and sunglasses to work the #MemorialDayWeekend home games. Do you think I can?
Twilight was actually a pretty decent movie
Is that Danny Alves? No, it's Seth Sinovic!!!!
Altoids slogan 'Curiously strong' no longer works.There's stronger mints available. I suppose in 50 years we'll just use battery acid.
The Paige Haas Benefit is TOMORROW from 3-9! Please come out and show your support!!!
#ThinkLikeAMan was the SHIT!!!! Kevin Hart at his best
no doubt dude
i havent had an actual phone conversation with anyone in a long time
i know thats why i said im coming when ur out lol
But other than lifespan, they're the same? Thanks so much!
Overtime?! Aaagh. This team never fails to try to kill me. #Hoyas BEAT THE BEARCATS
": the wizards are god awful"Tell me something I don't know.
On Fridays U need 2 B quick 2 win our FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothies! 1st 10 to RT Friday win! NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules4Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
exactly you and the family...my house is open to all of you
We are open 24/7/365. We never close, and you will always talk to a live person.
can't get enough of cam2cam. do u like to show off as much as i do, baby? cum take me somewhere secluded, so we can see eachother get off...
One question here is how idiosyncratic data is and how to support instant-gratification exploration
I want a fuel band!!!
my pleasure. Sassy is all I know how to be-even after 58 years. Happy 2 be sharing tweets!
hey how ya ben dude?
Night life 😏
That is the saddest looking podium that I have ever seen
Thanks for sending. Definitely along the same lines.
Barrett is showing just how classless he can be. Funny part is, he is representing the left quite well.
Common complaint: "We threw a lot of $ at our old #SEO company, but have no idea what they did." We clearly communicate approach & RESULTS!
great! If you're up for it tonight let's meetup once you get settled in, otherwise, maybe plan for lunch or breakfast tomorrow?
CCA releases new report: "#Remediation: Higher Ed's Bridge to Nowhere"
Sorry to say that I have no idea! I've never heard of it. But I haven't made much of a dent in my local bar knowledge yet.
First rule of _______is you do not talk about _______.
today is the last day to let us know what #makesdsdifferent and be entered to win a $50 gift card!
wow, thanks... humbling... lots of great, great, scraping and data journalism at
Oh no! It's so cute!
Hooray! has an official Android app!
can you give me some advice, I'm trying out for a crew next week?
Work with GT Events! DM us or contact us and see that we are a full service agency with much to offer!
Sometimes it drips onto my computer
Nazis of peace..... Kay
RT : You know what? You rock!
PW: That eternal love story between Elena and Stefan is something that I hope everyone always roots for. #StelenaIsForever #WeNeedStelena ♡
John Brennan: The U.S. govt. "conducts targeted strikes against specific al-Qa’ida terrorists, sometimes using remotely piloted aircraft."
no way Jose!!
I looks great. The one time we went they about an hour away from opening so we bailed..I want the fish tacos
and yeah I changed your account photo to the one I adore the most <3
Review: There are things about this book that are unconventional, including the detective it introduces; I was hooked from the start.
Want to lay out in the sun. Need to work.
Was a Tad under the weather over the weekend, slept, organized, ate soup...I know laugh in the face of danger eh ?
So I was all: How you doin, moon? And it was like: Super!
so i'm thinking Buttermilk Waffles from scratch and Bacon for lunch! YES!
Channing Tatum looks remedial.
seriously what profession is there that you can't reference something when you need to.
Heard on XM this morning, "Trevor has hair locks of harmony. It's gorgeous."
Let me know if you ever get "Green Spot". Best Irish Whiskey ever. Thanks.
send me more information.
When your talented its not a question of 'if', its a question of 'when'
RT : Good morning Here's to a great event. Opening plenary at 8:30am.
Last l0 minutues of class feel like FOREVER !!!
New series this morning is Let There Be Light. The story of Christmas told through God's gift of light on Earth.
A day without a laugh is a wasted day. -Charles Chaplin
“: Hi, I'm trying to start a Twitter account for people to post their fight predictions. could i get Good idea!
I keep telling myself just three more weeks.. Just three.
Wow! 500 Followers Thank you! Guys! I love you
so blessed i have the opportunity to play my instrument,
lol just being real
What if I add an INTERACTIVE CD? MT If you SNAIL MAIL me your resume it will go directly in the trash. Digital creative my ass.
lol you just tweeted like 30 different adjectives.
Mondays < Fridays
the 30th? I have a birthday party -- i'll be at the culture club, dancing like a fool. we'll figure something out!
lol. No you don't
What are you working on?
if you're in L.A. i could take you to this sushi place in North Hollywood. Its Bumm!!!
The only Guy I will adore is gonna b my nefew Tony cuz I know he'll love me forever. :)
sad to say, it's off to bed for me. It's been so fun chatting w/you 2! Good nite! 1/2
BIG SHOW VS. KANE
I'm not an England supporter. By all accounts it was woeful - I wouldn't know, I went to the Shunt instead.
On my way to a Press Conference in the Bronx.
RT : RT : Great #Twitter140 list on , but where are social innovators like ?...
fo shizzle. Think of the possibilities! Hunan Ravioli. General Tso's Pizza.
They'd just finished 2.5 days of TEI training and LOVED the toolbar.
Welp... its ice cream weather! What to order.. hm
Found another great frozen yogurt place , in Lincoln park.
what does it say about me that I'm choosing to watch a DuranDuran docu on VH1classic instead of SuperTues returns? Oy!
Umm, Sorry Sweety I Wasnt An Accident, Im Here For A Reason. :-)
#FridayReads Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder. Jurassic technology never goes out of date.
What #luck you have when it's pouring #rain when you go outside, and it stops #raining as soon as you get into your car.
it's a hard lesson, but worth it in the end once you learn it ;-)
I am trying not to be bad... But it never works out :(
It was great!
10 Yahoo services that should be killed by Scott Thompson's restructuring plan - VentureBeat
only in fuckin Nashville. Ppl be fight errrrrverywhere
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!. )':
#truth RT Biking when it's super windy out is no bueno.
does charles not tweet because he can't figure out how to type a stutter? Lol.
Thanks for the recent RTs & mentions
Apple&Cinnamon, Bacon&Chocolate, Cherry,French Vanilla are just a few Vodkas out of the alphabet of #NashaRashaNYC Join us #Mother'sDay Week
I am an internal coach at Bose and also have my own practice w/GenXers called LeaderLabyrinth (website in dvlpmnt)
muscles are sore. "Elliot!"
could go way back and bring back the Seattle Totems
Happiness resides not in possessions and not it gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.- Democritus
I've spent most of the day trying to wrap my head around javascript. Ugh. Now it hurts.
"A foolish consistency is a hobgoblin of little minds, isn't it?" Dwight just went to the kitchen to look for more food.
RT : haha, yes I do know who to send it to. And that's exactly what I'll do.
And the private company gets bailed out with taxpayer's money. So CHEERS to u, you're a #tcot tool brainwashed by !
In the end you're the one missing out. Remember that
I like Mohamed Sanu to the Bengals, who need a WR opposite AJ Green. I mocked Kendall Wright to them before the draft
Thank you! RT always awesome seeing other young professionals who are equally passionate and talented
that is too sweet...now where is my baby..?
EOC exams today
Current word count: 805. Today's goal: 1605.
I just wanna cry
I love old people. 👵👴
getting inspired listening to Stu Maschwitz
Like who is this guy & how did he get in ? Haha! This is hilarious!! :))
PMFI trying to go, some resistance at .01....
Portland's housing market is on the way back. Sales in January were up more than 18%. More from the Pros at 6:30pm
She is beautiful, does she have a friend for me :)
It's the last week of the month you know what that means....
for real?
Scherer: Took 3 years to form 50 #CMT Support & Action Groups across the country. Took decades to identify the 50 genes impacted by
agreed- i want to know! give us hints at least :)
Her blind dog sucks balls! He pees on everyone!!!
If you aren't living on the edge, you're taking up too much space.
Thanks so much!
ha! I'm listening to Crush It! right now. Want to apply to my video production co.
I think they may need a little help if they don't get going !!
Haven't been on for a while (:
It's nothingg.
Thanks for the kind words & feedback. RT The redesigned UWBadgers.com has launched.
#bucketlist :) RT ": Driving by Miller Park I realize I need to tailgate at least once in my life"
i keep losing followers
Blessings to you, too!
My mom last night: "gangsta rap? Ive never heard of that. Have YOU heard of that?" Still cannot stop laughing.
I seriously need some "home cooking" right now! Mom needs to come here or I need to go NC!
I'm back
Who wants to talk? Message me XD
My bongos are dragging.
Happy Friday! Make it a great one, #indianapolis!
Wow TheOnion tweets parallel several topics I want to hit in my blog and An encouraging calling to add satire and humor?
I saw you buttholes at Ivan Green this morning on the way to my practice haha
I say fuck bitches and then I fuck bitches and after I fuck bitches I be like yo fuck bitches lol
Laura aka "Lil G" is having a ball at the #Hillcrest Farmers Market. She had to stop for a snack break...back to shopping!...
we here in manhattan are all about Columbia bball!!
maybe you should do your homework and practice your spelling :)
Eastern gets a run back in the B4 on St. Xavier's FOURTH error of the game. Tigers still lead 6-5 as Eagles bat w/ 2 outs.
haters hate me because i dnt try to fit in lile they do :D #gay #proud# forever
Don't worry about sweetie! You'll do great!! I believe in you!! =)
Ice cube
Thanks, I'll check it out!
While it's true that the key is to keep getting up after you've been knocked down, try once in a while to keep from getting knocked down.
Having #Meatheads for the first time---I approve!!!
it's cold as balls here.
If everyone thought before they spoke, the silence would be deafening
Me an ma classmates got shouted at 2day cause our teacher said we're doin maths 4 1hour and we said ah
5. Make it verifiable. Source information if safe to do so.
RT : Social change begins with commitment to sharing museum's content with participants.
Needless to say, you'll be sore and jittery for a while. Everyone should go to the doctor & get examined just in case.
If you drink bud light, you're a fucking pussy.
You know how motorcycle folks wave each other when they pass by. I'm doing that with my xterra family in hopes that it will catch on
Thank you and for inspirational studio tour today.
and hows ma best friend doin?
“: #IfOnlyICould make a phone call to Heaven..” ah yes. <3 :)
yes sir
Will you offer a collective second interview, Dr. Gasser?
try Tylenol pm
What I'm saying is, MY EYELIDS ARE DROOPY.
To all the mommas out there, Happy Mothers' Day!
RT : Asante Samuel may be a better CB than people realize. Was thrown at deep (20+) 12 times last year, allowed 1 catch.
is the BEST DANCER EVER!!!
holy crap, this is actually happening, I'm really moving in with my boyfriend...
Ever drive your filthy car in the rain, hoping it'll be clean when you arrive? I tried the same thing with my horse. One word:
The guy in front of me is buying a pregnancy test. I bet this is the only time he would rather be buying tampons
it really has. sleep well! nite!
Morning mamma.. how are you?
I'm guessing you knew that before taking our quiz :) Have any of your friends been persuaded by their matches?
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched. . . but are felt in the heart. ~ Helen Keller
you get a cookie
Now listening to endorsed candidate for April 26th's DC At-Large Council Election, !
RT : but you ain't the only one that's trying to be the only one..
Watching lifetime movie network I love movies
I think abc should show the last 30 years of the apple falling with Dick Clark tonight! omg so many loved him! please pray for his family!
Wishing I were at NAMM right now. CA is a million times warmer than IL right now.
haha still don't really know what it means but it's def something diff
thats all going on with me at the moment..........Have a Good Night and Sleep with the angels I Love You!
Love me a good old fashion ass whoopin' - #RedSox just got taken behind the shed
Dear rain, no one warned me of your arrival. Please go away. My ysl wedges and the slick soho streets do not agree with each other.
why yes, i am ccapping people again
thank u sweetie! Were u at penson's tonight?!
feel the same. thanks, thanks, thanks.
yeah, that kinda crossed my mind too!
Sorry for the radio silence over the past few days, folks. I was suspended for wearing my cap at too jaunty an angle.
What's with everyone getting these emails about someone saying something bad about them I got a lot of them today
Good luck to the Darlington/Cuba City girls in the Dells at Sectionals!
In Excel ALT+E,S brings up the paste special box but you still have to select an option...
I've touched Austin Carlile too! When I met him ;)
yesterday on a sales call I was called "baby girl" I also had to stealth maneuver away from a hug.
Thought on Ghost Rider boycott?
goodnight ariana!!! I love you so much!!! :) <3
Sing Say Ahh and your from Sacramento you got my vote
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and balanced their food first
is adorable;)
The worst days of those who Enjoy what they do are better than the Best days of those who don't" --Jim Rohn
you need to join in Nashville!
So... is that the third (in the rule of threes)?
I'm slow but...did you get a puppy?!?
oh don't act funny now, you and I both know you know your role
"working meeting" = "jumbo shrimp"
If didn't go to bed at 4 a.m. last night he probably could have made me bfast this morning.
I'm considered making my bed less comfy so that I don't fall asleep everything I touch it!
Thinking about making el wire antennae for #bm09. There are many construction options. Any tips?
I understand celebrating #JuniorSeau's life, but how anyone can have respect for him still is beyond me. If you're selfish enough to...
collocating life threads/people, sharing YouTube videos, seeing pics of friends & families babies, passive stalking, pics of dinner
Practice safe sex kids, go fuck yourself.
And the fireworks have already started in the D-Sho.
The "hole" truth about the site at 8th & Main revealed today at 11 a.m. Come join Zions Bank, Gardner Co., & Mayor Bieter
It's all about the Benjamins.
When someone u thought was gonna be your best friend forever doesnt talk to u anymore. Dont think u can get just get me back
Still waters run Deep
SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS. I don't have a problem with some of it, twitter is jus so much more fun tho.
The Chiefs d-line is killing my franchise on the PS3!
Some people will NEVER look past skin color to see anything else. To these people, the "greater good" doesn't compute.
Yes yes yes... Go RedWings!!!
Why is Fred Armisen on so many stations?
I shouldn't, I know, but I get a kick out of Alan Simpson. He's 80 and he talks like that. (See last RT.)
I hate leaving my phone at the crib when I'm out /:
At least the won tonight
Bitches wit bunyons..i tell ya...smh
Ready for day 2 our Learning IOS Dev with #cocos2d workshop Physics and scrolling today :-)
Any other #dash4 teams working on the extra credit puzzle?
Question... It's pitch black outside why are you driving with sunglasses on??
Gulf Coast Blue Chips-Eite 9U...#1 team in the Greater Houston Area!!!
I never thought we'd have a last kiss.
If your a BAD BITCH stay away from me with your Defective ass
Just saw the remake of The Thing; very nicely done! Definitely a "Go See" if you like horror/sci-fi.
I gave up Facebook for Lent so I haven't been on any of my Social Networks much since...
Is it 4 pm yet? Oh yea I'm ready for this wedding!
yes. Nothing.
Pro Tanto => So far
does anyone have a recipe for honey? I lost my cook book and and i'm trying to make a salad
Thanks for another year of great tweets and blog posts!
wonders if the vosd article on how demaio made his money will show how his experience qualifies him as a "businessman"
Finish everything I have to do by 9, still going to bed at 12. That's my life. :P
True Born Records u
was good to all my ppl
Thanks for the follow, Rod! Check out our live show at Plush this Thurs. We have 2 new songs we're excited about!
Children are a great comfort in your old age ~ and they help you reach it faster, too. ~Lionel Kauffman
avalon mission bay is much better than YB unless you must live above whole fd. great young working professional crowd. pricey.
Hey, can we all put a moratorium on being clever for, say, a thousand years? It'll be better for everyone.
Just email your files to
holy shit what a skel cut that mop rico suave
MSU yall still my people win or lose ............ooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOHHHHH looks like we won!!!!!!!!!!1
You are one of my favorite actresses. I loved you in Sister Sister, 227, One on One, and more. I always believe in you ;-) Love
my dudes!
friday is here.
#SkySAN supports up to 28 x FCoE ports in a single 3U. Can your storage do that? Learn more here: bit.ly/omfyas
The Boulder Running Co and Mile High Track Club is running pace groups for the half and full visit their booth at the Expo for details!
Remember folks, let you faucets drip. Open cabinet doors to let heat into areas where plumbing is located and check on those who are alone.
I need food
#RVAgptw tablemates reporting they discussed integrity, enthusiasm, humanity, inspiring leadership as reasons their workplaces are great
congrats on submitting the thesis, darling. we need to cheers to you soon!
#funfact taught a "delicious" Beyonce routine yesterday in his master class yesterday in marvin!
So true, Ben. The odds are higher on those neighborhoods ;)
A)where is "joses blue sombrero"??? B)the chick on the "korean taco" bilboard they have is sexy.
Hey all, I am working very hard to get The Total Pet Spa out to you animal lovers. Putting on the final touches.
Police officer: "Didn't you see the arrows?" Guy in car: "I didn't even see the Indians!"
And that killed me...
haha oh really? ive seen it thousands of times! (x You like it?
...but if the poker community understands the benefits of membership in a players union, membership & influence will increase exponentially.
Yeah, I already dislike 6th because of that oppressive feeling. Also, the codices not the core rules are 5th's problem
Enthusiastic anncr makes viewing exp better. Nance great, better suited for golf. Look forward to him covering
Ru givin some #Ruchology to the girls
Thursday. Art walk. Cap hill.
lol great planning ky. At least the s.drive won't crash lol.. See you there.!
lmao I wish
TUNE N TO RICKEY SMILEY MORNING SHOW. WE R CLOWNIN LMAO
#NowPlaying: "I Love You But...", by
I don't love you, but I always will.
it's okay , I am sometimes :) hahah 😁
That's because the quote is All your base ARE belong to us. Allyourbasarebelongto.us is taken.
by eight and that's how tall your
have a blessed weekend :)
im winning... i think
gl, sincerely qu1etr00m.
Major costs of attaining degrees are dropped in case of online college education. Give it a shot and take your life up by a nick...
My first #FF! Hello and thanks for being inspiring, creative ladies :)
Public job losses like teachers... so teachers lucky to keep their jobs can hv classrooms w 30-40 students, instead of 20-25.
I'll embrace/match that swag one day
That probably means he's being released. That's how Ted Thompson rolls, like it or not.
Just talked to my neighbor who will be playing Cassio in Othello for Shakespeare in the Park. Looking forward to seeing the play.
ok im not that bad.
Had a BLAST co-hosting w/ on the Total Access Radio show in NY! Details coming on when and where to catch the show! :-)
Ready for some Hot Yoga followed by Sushi with the girls
I'm not super patriotic when it comes to politics and such, but I'm incredibly proud to be from the birth country of the blues & jazz.
Sleepy! #GOODNIGHT!
doubt it.
I wannato six flags
I will definitely send a birthday wish to you!
Yep 16 followers to go!!
Have fun on your quest for world domination
Today I'm interviewing a child psychologists about how to deal with "unlikable children".
Excentuate the positive, Eliminate the negative
heard u selling socks & tighty whiteys! Hmu i need some
Tequila sounds good right about now.
Tuesday your in CT which is near & I. We need a #LarryStylinson pic so lets sort this out!(;
DONT BE NERVOUS YOU WILL DO GERRATE(: i pinky promissee. Winorlose you will still be my INSPIRATION!
Or as Woody said to Sid: "Reach for the sky!" Great costume. My daughter 13 is #HarryPotter and my son is 16 (no more costumes!)
Locked outside my apt but I have work today... can't get ready out here.
That terrifying moment when there is a spider on your chin
I was born in 1997.. And I miss the 90's lol.
thank you you too :D lol
I don't like when people leave their idols for the next new hot act... if you were a true fan you'd stay and support your idol.
changed name to
What's a bee-line ?The shortest distance between two buzz-stops !
At the antheneum Detroit preparing for a crazy night if celebrating and my birthday!!
"When you catch a duck, kill it. No, I don't mean utterly, but kill most of them.."
Chef's knife, for sure. Then comes the santoku & tomato knives.
I wasn't I was calling Erick
I want a tattoo from Kat Von D.
my rents are in sec DD
Happy bday bro
free dinner at 60 thompson hotel at 10 and then to private club rdv;)
you wrote it!
Rise and Shine! Heading to the hospital for some pre-chemo stuff for Gram, hopefully all goes well.
50ºF outside , yard work's done, noshing on paté and almonds, sipping Aviations with the neighbors on the porch in the afternoon sun. Lovely
thanks guys - tonight I'm watching a Robert Rodriguez classic in my Catalyst Built cinema. Oh so good. Oh so good.
Through April, Marcum has been his same old consistent self. Melvin totally whiffed on buy low opportunity.
cuz they use to bustin down
I wanna get my associates degree so I'd put it towards a new computer
aw lol. Okay!
Niggas comen on to strong, Want me in they life as they Wife
I mean brah….not that spelling of that word is important.
yolo is dangerous for dummies cause they really believe the hype
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Reoccurring Theme Today: Don't wait for the Title to Start Doing the Job. Be Proactive. #WIS #STEM via
Starting to finally make progress...been a long struggle....
Cinco de Mayo is one of my favorite holidays
Dude, I know it. Have you ever seen me post "I just ran 500 miles, and I feel fine?"
staying for WGG @ Congress. Hope to see u @ mid
A6. Always following up build trust. Compliments that are earnest and public build trust, too.
I will in a little while,promise-I've been crazy busy.I am also building my website...more infos coming up.Thks for asking!
Call me ASAP bro.. its about the shoot
By the time this slow poke get down here it'll be time to hit the
“: They called the girl name to graduate and homie yells out "Its about time!" Lmfao”>>>LMBO 😳😁
i want it to be with that one person tho. :(
Thanks for the RT! (Lee)
We are happy to be hosting the dayparties this week during the MidPoint Music Festival. Please go to brokenmic.com for updated schedule!
we'll go next time hun. Just the fellas this time
No friggin doubt....and no
We could use a bike rack in front of our building when our bike messengers stop by. It would be nice if they can lock em up.
Went to hockey tonight. Then got asked to play a real game. I'll take a 5-4 victory to start my career.
Meeting adjourned - questions can be submitted to this hashtag any time.
16th birthday(: goo hard!
no. stop.
I’m Off to Nourished!
Listening to: Keith Jarrett Trio- The Out of Towners
I would rather pay for luggage than have it fly for free if it arrived when I did or wasn't on tarmac 1hr+ after I land
I believe! Go Damian!
Needs this tea to go directly into the vein
Make her say ah
My migraine-esque night was apparently caused by food poisoning. Has this happened to anyone else?
Patience, Defense and Smart Plays will = #Cuse Win Exciting!!!!
Cheers to these Amazing
those do look. Unfortunately nothing within 10 miles of me (DC)
Thank you too! RT : Thanks to , / & Professor Dan Isenberg for a great talk tonight.
you're welcome, you owe me
She yelling god you would think that god was in it ,but its just a nigga god invented
Might depend on and his Wii skills...
Find A Man That Won't Cheat On God, And You'll Find A Man That Won't Cheat On You.
How does your gf like them?
Marine out for Obama Facebook remark
some of the people i associate with a disgusting.
I get to sleep in and wake up a 730 am
RT RT!!!": I need someone who understands my PAST, compliments my PRESENT, & supports my FUTURE!"
dance and change for me
Our #GLEEfulweek glee clubs featured today are the Winchester Thurston glee club and the Pitt Men's Glee Club. Tune in to hear them on air!
Great #BeingHuman episode last night, and great cliff hanger to end it!
Fake news has become more popular than real news. Our hope is the same happens for fake podcasts.
My pleasure. Great event.
Congrats #entrepreneur Anna ! Independent Fashion Bloggers released list of '20 Fashion Bloggers On The Rise' was included!
lol so what's up?(:
Y u mad Nigga !
Hosting a dinner Wed. night! Don't forget to sign up for the restaurant round up!
yea i am
Dating or in a new relationship? Try not to show your emotions alot. Stay calm and cool. Showing you're too into him might scare him away.
No doubt. MMA fighters, good ones, are really smart. They tend to be well thought out, very articulate. Love them MMA men!
Let's Start Over!
Check out my new site www.high5creations.etsy.com -- You will love it!
I'm jealous you're gonna live in Roma!
Showcase went amazinly well :)
you need to come Soon, I have stories to share!!
just dandy 👌
DOG LEATHER MICROPHONE VANDAL ROUND 2 VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT/// HIT US UP
Just discovered the hashtag for #ltf8! Been tweeting from the conference this morning, but now it's official
Nice..wats the number?
Ordered MetaMaus: A Look Inside a Modern Classic and book 1 from Charlaine Harris' Lily Bard series. Can it b as good as Sookie Stackhouse?
Nice, just toss that one in there. I want a pony!
6 out of 3 only works on
wake the hell up!!!
OK CARLY RAE JEPSON JUST FOLLOWED ME
Celebrate the 1st annual, Pittsburgh Craft Brew Festival, beginning April 20th. Sounds like fun!
RT : Please stay forever with me.
Lau, or somewhere else that's convenient for people heading off campus.
Congrats to Emily Fairey, Jessica Haas and Katherine Pradt - paper accepted to International Conference on Tech, Knowledge & Society
"teachers" that don't even know how to teach <
Wanna be in our next music video? We need 5 people who will be featured. Send us an email:
I REALLY Hope so !:D
Apple wanting to talk to anyone is unusual.
You can't go to bed at 6:30
Okay so next time there is a Burnham concert in st Louis we're meeting! Lol
come visit us today and pick up some new accessories! you might even find a new bike! you could always use just one more!
Interview leads to article by Kevin Carey coming soon.
Looking for people to add, store and share materials in MN learning commons
:( They had great season. And, there is always next year.
And, what's your t-shirt size?
IL Gov's short-sighted elimination of $$ for drug/alcohol treatment will have far-reaching devastation to the field, even if $ comes back.
Udemy have over 50,000 people learning on higher ed free courses
Touchdown better and now the win..... GO GIANTS!!!!
I love how some ppl go to a different universe when they are txting
and the future looks so fucking good! RT : i never look back, it distracts from the now
The #DAYTONA500 race continues for the final 40 laps Looking forward to the #Vegas race in March
#20ThingsAboutMe I always sleep with a fan, & if I don't (over at a friend's house, etc) I tend to wake up earlier 'cos it keeps me asleep.
Stress-eating my way through a tunnel that leads to the meaning of life.
From the sound of it, either it's new years, or the Russians are invading
Celebrated 17th century physician Charles de Lorme: "qui plus en boira, plus il vivra" (He who drinks more will live more).
hey there Delilah! Thanks fur the rt!!
Praying for safe travels as we travel to Detroit to remember Robin Glover. RIP Robin our Warrior in Pink!
Waiting for my flight to London now. I will probably play EPT side event # 3, a 5-card Pot limit Omaha 8 or better tournament tomorrow
Tired of your holiday parties at the same place every year? Then come check us out and schedule your party today!
Just got my flu shot
Just downloaded The app ,Instagram. <3 LOVE IT <3
ah! followed us!
Skype me do! What's your Skype?
Earth Day celebration now in the Oak Grove and used book sale in front of the library --including such gems as Cooking With Frozen Foods.
Recommend directionality? RT : Rush, just try holding a cigar between your knees. (via )
#Yankees closer Mariano Rivera currently has 35 career saves against the
#FREEBOOSIE ...... "touch down to cause hell"
Its the fastest that gets paid and its the fastest that gets laid.
no I wish, place sounded amazing
Hope you're all enjoying the weekend! Stop in tomorrow for a delightful #brunch at LiLLiES #DC #WoodleyPark !!
I'd say Super Bowl MVP Aaron Rodgers knows his stuff! RT Rapinoe=awesome
I never realized how important you are to me , until you were gone .. ♥
incredible, they look pretty calm :P
Gotta get paid what I told my mother
you already know...
PLEASE REPEAT LET FREEDOM SING!
waking up to this weather >>>
Haven't forgotten you guys! Will keep you posted with an opening date.
RT : Dont allow adversity to steal your dream dont even let it conceal your ultimate goal.
100% okay with not having a Valentine
Well hell yes. I will be your newest neighbor come June 1!
shawty whats yo name...that song is stuck in my head
When I see a sweet ass guy going for the wrong girl <<
Good Morning!! Feel like a weight has been lifted today!!
there are community gardens all over, might be worth seeing if there's one close to you.
Who's getting the calls now?
Thank you, thank you!!! xoxo
": TRELLAAARR. I hope you're ok and feeling better soon." Me too - you ok?
Come in, Go out
Service Update: We are aware that some members are having problems logging onto Paltalk - our engineers are working to resolve this ASAP!
I DO TOO
Get to masterbeat.com Free your body edson Pride feat. cyon flare is #4 on the top sellers list.
Are you here? I'm kind of at the front!
I used baby kale. They were... not as good as I expected them to be.
Thats good... Nice to here your doing good without me :-p
LOL that would be crazy if it was a Lakers vs Clippers WCF. No need to worry about Traveling
ohmigod. - SPRING AWAKENING. just saw it for the first time
Good acting job by Kimba
#butfiatisfugly? RT : Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
Setting up twitter accts for myself & work. Can't find my work acct. Really twitter? I just created it. It's there. I see it. No fun yet.
ok pops
Arias has a "forearm contusion" and x-rays came back negative.
thank you very much. :)
Another good night txt :D
The Lord is in his holy temple, and His throne is in heaven...
unless its poisoned...
We want to play too!
awesome! with peeps?!
Last minute group cancel for tomorrow! 7 & 9am tanks. Sneak into our busy schedule w/ $10 off. Call and say 'I'm from Twitter!' 503.384.2620
there's times I cuss like a mother fucker, but forreal its trashy when people have to cuss every five words!
Ordered Underrated last night! Can't wait! <3
I love that someone just pulled a Mortal Kombat reference!
great way to start a cloudy cold effday is with - Let Go , all time favorite for many reasons
Yikes. That was a beat down. Yeesh
bringing back so fresh. Love it.
Dispute it with the card company imm'ly! 2days ago, unk chg by wwwamermallcom on my Visa, ISP says URL unsafe-new card!
LOL. I'm a belieber and directioner. You mad, bro? I'm also a mahomie and ICONiac and GRANDer and so on (:
thanks for sending another pair of #UA cleats. Great customer service pays off.
being a money maker makes me grind even harder to make more money
lolz I'm always late to school :p
S/O to my favorite CSU ppl lo-lo & tee-tee love you guys !!!
Thank you for the precious card!!!!!! Can't wait for you to meet Reese!!
Speak Life into yourself! You are worth it!
the round green fox waslked over the tired dog.
thanks! there's even soo much Civil War history in our own city & state, including the 150th anniversary of Antietam in Sept
I remember all of it!!!!!!!!! Who's your fave character from it?
is wishing everybody a happy National Grammar Day!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 89
Investing in film is like double-edged sword, such a tricky business to make money, harder than a tech start up!
yea yea lol was he suprised? When by told him about the game?
"most students away from vulnerability" In what way? Seems to me they're being exploited & defined by data.
Still have a gnarly cold but WAY better :) Thanks for asking!
how is everyone doing
It's not a great day unless I get to hear teach people over the phone what a browser is.
nah i'm in jersey for the summer
Don't pay any attention to what they write about you. Just measure it in inches.
thank you!! Enjoy your breakfast from wherever you take it!
Special Thanks To for an amazing night!!
Apocalypse Eventually, Maybe
that's pretty gross thing to say lol joking
thanks :) I can't wait to gradute!!
Showdown Practice - Noon ET Friday SPEED All-Star Practice - 1:30 p.m. ET Friday SPEED Showdown quals - 5 p.m. ET Saturday SPEED
i am ready to be ungrounded 2 things i caant stop thinkin bout her and ballin i need to ball god plz let me be ungrounded
When it rains all I want to do is have soup, watch black & white movies and build a blanket fort.
Most amaZing girlfriend
Yeee I got a troll face pin C:
Expectations today r disappointments tomorrow.hence look to fulfill unrecognized needs.
The #Heat about to meet a different kind of team the #Mavs have more then 1 really good player they got like 3...going 2 be a great
Movie in bio 👍
u cant steal that cuz i said that first so i won
Talk to me about the upcoming #Chicago #NATO Summit. Museums are closed? Is it taking over the city?
I'm not going to tweet just to tweet... I'm not going to tweet just to tweet... I'm not going to tweet just to tweet... dammit.
bout to skype my new boo, never chase, just replace
Airport with #bigmilt ready to go to the left coast!
Excellent convo with yesterday, hope she's still my pal today! ;)
K pgroove finally bout to start at boulder theatre!
Does anyone know of a dog-friendly summer sublet in SF? I found an inlaw unit, but it's not ready yet. Thanks!
I found a new venture... I'm goin' all in
love you, teach me how to tweet like you, taught me how to dougie
Thanks Justin. Hope you can make it down to the Bistro soon!
Carnival with some friends!!! :)
Don't regret ... But LEARN
Nice--wish i were there. RT : ;) talking at #iStrategy about "doing well by doing good."
Get back to work mark!
I don't need help, but thanks for your offer.
Will this feature only one band, yours? Or allow others to sign up and list their bio, photos, merchandise, downloads, etc, too?
Good morning! xo
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Er'day.
I hate when im tired but cant seem to fall asleep smh O___o
: Wow ordered TONS of pizza for Boston's ! Design4Good & eat pizza this Sat 9/3 iconathonbos.eventbrite.com
when i wake up im going to be going to the gym then to practice for singing lessons. (: hope tomorrow or um later today will be good. (:
it makes u feel like a badass.lol
omg that scared me ;o lol
says he supports more parental control in public education- public charter schools give families choice and control
Leaving to practice
I'm not sure what you mean by that.
": VIP motorcade around White House currently near Pennsylvania and 17th." One benefit of not going through UnionSta anymore.
A woman that plays her position deserves anything she wants
you definitely should try lia sophia! I've been doing it for almost 8 yrs now
at the Avalon in Hollywood on the 13th November. Gonna be a wild ride!
#iWish my eyes could take pictures.
will do!
Hope everyone is have a good week make sure you spice it up with some tunes from yours truly!
RT A hot bowl of posole makes the wind go away. Ok, it doesn't really, but at least it makes it bearable.
Nothing man just living. Hows it going?
Summer is nearly here, and it's never too early to protect your leather seats from the heat! Let us give them a pro conditioning treatment.
so a vessel has made a mess...el...
Damien Flores-Slam scenes are producing teachers in big numbers and getting children involved in language
Just got a press release for an iPhone app called Fart Alert. I don't think we'll be posting about it.
"Beyond the Sea" is firmly embedded in my head.
I'm in love with your icon :) you look so pretty!
Way too soon to tell! RT : On tonight's show, which judge's team do you think has The X Factor?
Is there a website?
someone should be talking, so did gabi tell u that I saw jb on the way home from nj
Chicks before dicks
*Job Hunting*
Post it notes, not even close
In many cases, this raises best-execution an eighth of a point, but there continues to be a lot of variation in pricing between lenders.
Shopping with my Sister Kristel. :)
your mind is my favorite mind. no lies. i'd probably trade my picture for it.
2day was huge for me. Performed solo risk assessments & counseling seshes. Though my feedback was "learn to listen to their story."
you tell me i'm cute, yet you call yourself straight? no nigga, you gay .
sorry that I'm a badass
Can someone help me? We have our tv on your channel & suddenly a commercial came on for a trailer for a new HORROR film? WHAT?
RT : How to Survive the Holiday Eating Season: A little thought and planning now may keep you from having to diet later....
Soon. RT : When are we getting info graphics?
I would put money down that wins a championship before lebron.
Super Excited about TONITE - - on Deck w/ some Island flavor TONITE
need to get this project done , I just can't find this article
The world of mobile software applications has evolved so rapidly in the past couple of years, it will make your head spin..
😊 RT : Every1 knows its important to have a mentor & guide in ur career. As obvi as it is, it's sometimes easier said than done.
Agreed... very good stuff for sure.
Glen... Good luck on the next move, I'm sure it will be the best move
Shark Tank was good tonight. Last guy was an idiot. Daymond had to dumb it down to the simplest terms possible to get the deal. Moron.
heh. Not at all!
Feeling so thankful. Thanking The Most High God Almighty for continuously Blessing me and helping me prosper. 🙏
Great friday, waiting at the terminal for my bus c:
Always a pleasure ... How many games we got on the schedule tonite?
your not aloud to come back to the clarksburg stands
Sup twitter homie
Candy Buy Back Nov 1, 4-6 pm...help support our troops!
in the end no one looses or wins
First person to tweet/Facebook us a picture with their certification pin (and a big grin) wins a prize! Be that person. Show off your bling!
We miss Vinny!
GreetingsTwittees, I'm NOW Crying, On Oprah Show ProducerTom Shadyac Downgrading His Material World Increase His Spiritual Connection <(:-)
RT : Scott Van Slyke goes deep and the Isotopes win again...They beat Nashville 4-to-2. || Red hat streak continues!
Meetings are indispensable when you don't wish to do anything.
what kind of backlinks do you have?
hope it gets better. Have a safe flight Kle.
hey Wes! Its going by quick to me
good luck on your exam tomorrow:)
No why him ..
im confused as to what part of iI CANT TALK you don't understand
Dang 3:30!..where did time go?
LoL Except for yours...right? hahaha j/k
RT : Watching a chase from Chopper 4 right now on Hwy 45. Tune into for cutins with
Good luck to all the new and returning Cannonballers! 58 are registered. How many will make it to the starting line in Georgia?
🎬 movie time
I've heard stories floating around my gym. I'm sure it's a jealousy thing. Let's just say I'm glad to be leaving there
Looks like it. And with Al Freakin Horford defending him. RT 99 percent sure he dribbled out of bounds too...
spamming saying follow me wont get him to follow you.
So true!! Also hate when a valance is to short = ready made !!
free wallpaper Neon Game for AndroidDroidMill - free wallpaper animated
My gosh, that would be amazing. I think it's a capital idea!
OMG!!!!! This old lady just coughed n her tooth came out. And I'm not talking about dentures! I see weird things daily lol
to each his own. I'm 100% positive if you saw it, you'd be glad you did. More than likely it's not what you think it is.
I HAD A GREAT WEEK!!!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com!
Hey Chicago! We're back tonight, with ! $15 manicure + martini, 10pm, punk/r'n'r by Melissa & Lisa, tonight at !!
Cruising back to the D yo
Saw abduction yesterday it was good
Couldn't be better, having a blast, moving to east bay in a couple months
": SOMETIMES! sometimes you just want some sex lmao"
new meal this week - smoked salmon breakfast sandwich on an english muffin with red onion, capers & cream cheese
Wish you all could have just seen my wipeout in the middle of the street.. I'd give it a 7, plus 2 points for style. #touche mother nature
I want some freaking sushi is what I want...
thank you so much!!I had so much fun.Looking forward to coming back to London soon.ciao!
Big S/O to one of my former coaches at Old Dominion, James Johnson for accepting the head coaching position at Virginia Tech. Congrats!
i should finish my Spanish project ✌
cause that's where I live!!
what's up guys? Pls check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
it's positioning, not poisoning that makes you get popular.
“A leader's job is to help people have vision of their potential.” John Porter
“: Off to see #Avengers.Tried yesterday,sold out. Who else goes, just to see #RoberyDowneyJr?”> what other reason is there!?
no problem look 4ward too your tweets
Been on the takeoff strip for two hours..at least I'm trapped with a ginger angel!
Tonight shall be EPIC.
Long live the king!
the Republicans are nuts here!!! I shouldn't be surprised, It is a nation that thinks news comes from Fox
Thanks, , hope your day is going splendidly.
I have no idea. I really wish I knew. xD
The vampire motto: YOLF You Only Live FOREVER
That moment when you realize you haven't tweeted in a week and are like "I had NOTHING to say for a week?! But I'm such a mouthy douche!"
I don't even need to look at the link to know what picture you are referring to!
My boy right now >
So bored in class -.-
Follow me on twitter {'',}
God is in the rain
conquer local starbucks, go from there RT : I'm real, my ambitions for world domination may not be so realistic.
A wise man only speaks when he has something to say. A fool speaks simply because he must say something.
Just re-arranged my room to #sound #better . looks pretty awkward.
Austins probably signed...
Please give us a report about Gizmodo Gallery after you go there tonight, Thx.
Lol I just needed something to do wit my life!!! lol
If you're listening to right now, I wanna know what you think of our Cover-to-Cover tunes today.
Good Morning! All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography. -Federico Fellini
did you know?Bingo is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box.
Loving this rain but I hope it calms down before I have to drive. :p
I don't know why anyone would ever think about transferring from OU! I love it here!
You're welcome! Thank YOU for listening!
Happy Spring equinox...hope there is a spring in your step today.
Listening to announcers question Artest name change... Hilarious
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Spent most of the morning working on computer issues in the office. Now I need to focus on clients to keep the computers running.
You love me!
the Vegas gays say hey gurl on the road to Disney listening to your show
wats up boo I got ur message get at me shawty
how has he been doing?
Wake up call @ 630 am. Can't wait to hear your voice 😘😍. Goodnight!!
And if you're getting back from the dance, GIMME ALL THE DEETS PLEASE(:
Spurs vs clippers Let's go spurs 🏀
...Drink? RT : Philadelphia had to break this open. Didn't. They will lose. Predictable.
Ooh how I love watching lion king 11/2
Fuck everybody and their "glad to be home" tweets. This car ride will be the death of me
That was a great day of football. See you in two weeks for the #SuperBowl. (it's crazy to think the Seahawks beat those Giants)
Three push
looking good guys. Now keep your feet on the gas.
#IfWeedWereLegal gee whiz
Excited that I will FINALLY be getting back into the studio, check out my website at johnboatnerentertain.com
Why does the post office close so early??! Now I can't send my late Cal Grant thing. Ugh. Fml. u_u
Hence the recent ballot box idiocy, one might suspect.
agree...RT : Dirk has more confidence in Haywood than Big #33 has in himself
#IfIHadThePower I would go to Uganda and Get Kony My Damn self . #stopkony .
Out for the show! Just heard the opening act Lucious from Brooklyn. They're kinda awesome!
Every girl wants a bad boy, but they don't want bad things to happen.
The business building mindset is being focused on what you are doing. On the input. You You are focused on things that you can control.
Gilmore Girls, hands down. Outside will be there tomorrow. But where else can you get all that witty teenage banter?
I'm hungry though.
Hey! Once we get these photos back from , we'll finally send our interview back to you guys.
Happy Anniversary! Thanks for sharing your special day with us!
Ive had enough of you.
i should be doing this take home test, but here i am on twitter and facebook smh
they say i aint pussy but i aint stupid... disrespect... Imma be a stupid muthafucka..
Unbelievable two events back to back at Franklin Lakes New Jerey with over 15 stars...Get ready for april 1st event in Poughkeepsie
M I think we will go to the fair! Stucco'd all week...need a snack. LOL
I bet this scandal opens the door to a Mary-Matthew reconciliation. I just want to know how it all turns out!!
": Your car is going to be fixed, in the name of Jesus. :-)"~~~Lol!! Thanks Corey. I've claimed it!!
Water. Lots and lots of water.
H8te fake bitches!
I moved to CA to join a tech company. Please #stopSOPA. This is the most important issue for getting my vote.
Telling someone else to tweet/facebook differently is the most awkward thing.
will be here in ALMOST 1 HOUR (1pm)! We can barely contain ourselves! (And we HIGHLY recommend BREADCRUMBS!)
My man left out the coffee on the counter. That's almost like making it for me:-)
lol yes! Made me laugh! I've read them all like twice lol
Angry birds space is fun af
haha what more could a grl want after a day of helping #Audubon for #Servathon? ansr: drinks and a Tunisian camel.
It didn't happen. It was all a dream...no, it was a wonderful experience. Great meeting & talking with you, too.
wow.. finally i can eat this food
you poor guy.... why do i relate! i want someone to listen to my podcasts!
ha- just suburbia. will try for Suburban next time.
Wilson Phillips has a tv show! lol they were singing that song from bridesmaids
It's funny how we can remember the lyrics to hundreds of songs, but can't remember anything when we study for a test.
Love this! My next house will have a bookshelf staircase... RT : Finally a Tumblr site that really makes perfect sense to me.
I have been riding since 1971. I ride almost every day. My favorite place to ride is in NYC. My son is 13 & we ride.
lol you finally post.
Sitting here waiting for the toaster and I didn't even push it down! -____-
haha you forgot ">:)" hoorayeeeeyay for evil planning!
Fugazi's Repeater is still one of my favorite albums.
Radio all day.... Needa get a life!
thanks for the heads up, should be fixed now. I'll add your comment, thanks for the tip
text me
Morning skate was fun. I taught C. P. some more gangsta moves today to use against my other former team when we win.
but does twitter love you?
Sittinq here at (HOME) watchinq tv with the neice decidin if I wana cook breakfast or should I let my moms cook ?? Ima let her cook.
My Heart is real that's why I speak from it
Pretty sure my driver was laughing at my hiccups
Go with the flow ...nothing that you want is upstream.
should be there by mañana let us know if not!
ha! Well, for those that don't elope :)
Yes, if they incorporate creativity into an assignment where Ss display application.
I think being famous makes ur skin magical. cuz i notice that whenever u see somebody famous that they almost NEVER have pimples and stuff.
Can't wait till march
Thanks for tweeting the stats from my preso. #3 was 120M people choose travel vendors to rack up 500B points per year
Listening to my memory card on the 360
: Thanks so much for serving as a panelist and workshop facilitator!
We're so grateful and excited to be a United Drives partner!
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20
I like that, Matt! Will be excited to read as well.
:) At Starbucks filling out applications. If you want to hang. Ask for my number!
The Federal Independent Contractor Proper Classification Act will enable workers to request an IRS determination of their status.
I know but they are better than the grey ones and on top of that they are classics
Great saturday night! :)
I don't think we'll be in doubt about deuces this weekend.
If the Warriors could somehow find a way to get Terrence Jones in the draft we'd be set at 3 for the future
lol hell yea
Word is the GUITARMY will leave for Union Square promptly at 2.
“: because we love you and the hunt, we set this aside for you. album cover? We think duh. ” - BEST curated goods in Nash
Ya but if it could do 3D modeling... : But doesn't create a 2D image and need a 3D image?
They really need to ditch this segment, its pointless
GRAVITY getting pushed back to 2013 reminds me of when they pushed back ZODIAC from late 2006 to early 2007. Couldn't stand the wait.
of course vinny loved the big teddy bear.
Follow my new twitter
Time for my bathroom break!
Thank You!
The ghost of Cantinflas?
Our Hero doesn't need a night light. His heart glows in the dark.
Congrats on making the leap. Beautiful words -- thank you for sharing with us. Looking forward to reading more.
"I love you" means either you just want sex, you're desperate, or drunk until after you've known each other for at least two months
WIN STREAK! Sorry, it's been awhile & had to let it out! lol
The weather is perfect outside
Never punish yourself or others for a past negative experience. Our lives are under constant influence; exercise choice in their effects <3
"Writing is its own reward." ~ Henry Miller
Happy anniversary and Have a great time in Vegas!
Weird things overheard in the office: When's the next Zac Efron movie?
White Boo Gon Wild kill that
hang in there. Hope you heal up soon. I'm sure I'll see ya around sometime this winter. - Bean
been sketching, sketching, sketching the last 2 days...it's a nice change from computer work
you still there?
#oomf Bald Headed Ass .
Really want to be on a tropical island right now, chillen on the beach, with a coconut rum and sprite cocktail in hand!
On the way to the French Embassy for private tasting with Remy Martin. I hope to make the Nival ReLaunch Party in Chevy Chase.
RT @ LoveSexNotes RT : Hate dry ass people. And they wonder why you never hit them up. Im not with that one word reply shit.
Jared Allen is friggin awesome...the dude just motors for 60 mins. Proud to have him on the team
Tonight at 7pm, catch the Dallas premiere of "Berlin '36" at Studio Movie Grill on Royal Lane. The film focuses on the 1936 Olympic Games
...give incentives in focused aware green communities and raise energy motivation and perception towards efficiency and engaged DR events...
Visit dc !
you are the fakest person I know, I can't believe I wasted my time with you #fucku think again about that”
The chicken that crossed 8th Ave NW has crossed the street yet again - this time to its home! Thanks to all for the tips....
Minus about all of those but 10. ;D
Finished A Secret Rage by Charlaine Harris, author of #TrueBlood. I love her mystery novels. Her Lily Bard stuff will always be my fave.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week!
It really does feel good to be a nice person to others
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional
Me: "What's a good tweet, baby?" Leeann: "I don't know..." (walks away)
I'm impressed you're on
Will video kill the camera? Forget the radio star!
We run it and they know it
Henrie of Mesquite: Salaries frozen, no master's reimbursement, planetarium closed. It affects learning.
tnx for mentions
Calm down you conceited bitch.
God clearly has a plan... Man!!! So excited!!!
On The Edge is absolutely amazing!! I can't wait to hear all of it!!!
Or Judy you didn't hear BT's stone age phone's spacebar is gone
Little Yvette speaking about bullying at school. Her big sister holds her as she cries about bullying.
Bahahah Justin: Roses are red, violets are blue, i forgave you and you forgave me! Ah good times in english baha Jennifer and i were cryin
'iOpen a Restaurant' it was so amazing episode! Can`t wait 4 the next one,'iHalfoween'!
RT : Early morning! Continuing my book tour on Already on my 3rd cup of coffee
Brand Affinity Technologies Secures New Financing Round Of $7.5 Million to ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Nearly one in five users tap into check-in services like Foursquare and Gowalla.
Thanks so much for the shout out! If you or any colleagues need help or a place to start, check out the WeSeed EDU section.
The Review has given up on fiction. No reviews at all except for Sam Sacks' column. Thx for cultural leadership.
I So Wish I Can Be A PornStar Like You That Would Be Some Much Fun =D
#ChicagoSoupCompany releases its first weekly newsletter next week!! If interested please send me a tweet response or message with email!!
": "People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care." - Mark Twain"
The times you saw only one set of footprints in the sand, Jesus was carrying you. But I was carrying Jesus.
you need to push kids over too
Tiger's in contention. I'm definitely watching.
I've never really gotten into boxing, but I definitely want to find a way to watch this Mayweather-Cotto fight tmro night
Oh, good. Glad we all agree.
“: how exactly do u debate against the bible ?” It's fairly easy really
my boys, if they so choose, will follow the same path.
my favorite book character of all time is anne of green gables :-)
I hate it when the person that always makes me happy is sad.... I wish I could give them the same happiness that they give me.
Amen MT Angela on academics:"You must realize u have become an expert in ONE kind of knowledge, not ALL kinds of knowledge"
Great to see you too! Thanks for the cmu contact. Was out of the office Friday so I'll likely find the email tomorrow.
Just curious, do you tweet because you know your thoughts will be posted, but lost in the shuffle? I'm considering the anonymity of it.
Glad to be a part of the collective.
It's a Cannon - we actually got it at CostCo! Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a camera #latetweetback #sorry :)
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts. -A.C. Carlson
HIV Drug Tenofovir Safe During Pregnancy, Study Suggests
George, how about being a guest on the JT Show?
Because I'm on there yet :/ this summer!
: Oh geez! -.- #peoplethesedays i tell ya!
#NowPlaying: Do You Know Where You're Going To by
You sound madd lol at who?
RT if you're part of the ONE DIRECTION family. YEA 1D YEA!
The line between crisis and opportunity is a fine one - and it's your choice alone which side you'll come out on.
anythung u want
Steve Alford from New Mexico and Randy Bennett from Saint Mary's say hello from Bishop Gorman gym in Las Vegas today.
@ the yardarm apts w/ 4 the Ice Rays Food Drive. come by. 5pm-8pm
An interesting undiscussed topic: Plagarism/theft by journalists --e.g. trolling social media for then barely disguised "new" columns.
Loving my girl Madonna!
Nothing like watching Deadliest Catch on DVR and working on Cougar Week in Spokane
ITS OPEN MIC NIGHT AT ! We have 2 SPOTLIGHT ARTISTS .. Alt/funk/Rock quintet, BLACK STARS + BDAY BOY, BUNNY SAVAGE.. 1030pm
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
lol, I know right! Nd I'm just watching tv, on twitter, and texting :)) hbu?
A year in review (Part 2): Cosmetic Dentistry
Childish Gambino has always been dope as fuck
Dinner tonight...what a great way to spend Mothers Day!
Man City!
the mom in Malin Alegria's new Border Town series is a very strong character!
Sweet flop, Rozsival.
ughh , a really good dream Yee ♥
man oh man your video really hit me in the heart dude...There is a special place in heaven for dudes like you
Nah,the gearheads in Hollywood are just looking for the next big thing. Home HD is inferior in resolution to theater
made a widget.
good morning. Following back :-)
Awww thank you!!
That pussy so good,he let his friends try it
What do you do when your dreams start coming true?
Let me know how it goes - sounds like something that would work really well at our library. No pressure to finish!
We have a small handful of appointments open for THIS WEEK (9/12-16) call us and get them while they last! 412.475.8192
..3-2-1 boom! the Islamic conspiracy comes up on #60Minutes #Gulen schools, US edu is crap on the global scale.#Gulen works. Don't fight it.
JENFEK fans are awesome we love you all!!
Congratulations! Did you do other sports/exercises at the same time you were doing those workouts?
Working on a lot of movie trailers - Looking forward to sharing them soon!
What is another word for a python ? A mega-bite !
Charles, you charmer!
Seriously how amazing is #FrankSinatra after a long day of work!. (Listening to Frank Sinatra Irresponsible) sigh
- hey touching base to see if u will still be able to finish the HSSS stuff. I know u r probs busy but just want to know :-)
Order your Christmas cards TODAY @ www.threesquaresgreetings.com.
Just finished writing a "happy engagement" card. This would have been the only time when attractive cursive writing would come in handy.
Wow Ryan Evans!
girl we going to get you a damn phone LOL...
Oh fudgenuts. Thank you :P
Nerds didn't honor my request.
I fucks with One Direction
Feet in general...
Dom dnt fuck wit her old Bestfriend no more she forgot the kid
Already my nigga.... Smh that's wrong as hell..
Amazing example RT : Apple sells innovation. Disney sells magic. Volvo sells safety. What do you do?
Ah Today was too hot & the sun messed up my head bad ;o quick shower than off to bed (:
We think you are one of the most exciting musicians!!
It's almost to late.signupfor the Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event..don't want to miss this www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Dont nobody watch no dang on "Sprout" anymore ... ugly ole Channel !
The winner of WSH/NYR will prolly win the Cup, but I'm pulling for LA.
let us not forget to "breathe normally" during this crisis that resulted in dropping oxygen masks...
im out
Fact: kids who live in Texas and walk home, also get suntanned :P
#thosetimeswhen you wanna punch someone in the face
A #voiceover career cannot be bought but has to be earned.
please do! It'll be good incentive no matter where I am in this ms. Hopefully halfway through...at the least...lol!
Our #VITA program is still going strong! Call us today to get your taxes filed for free! (323) 604-1973
Good one! RT : and 'typewriter' is the longest word that can be typed with one row of letters
Lastly, our winner for the state of Minnesota...
Surprising - govt has cut off funding to RECs to get new physicians on board, implementing MU.
Excited to learn you are hosting the Tony's again! Definitely tuning in!
Don't forget the foie in butter and escargot in butter. Love that place. Enjoy.
Yep. When I throw a tantrum, I don't script it first. I just let it go.
Need your pool cleaned before fall starts? Crystal Clear Pools can help
Flea called. He wants you to put a sock in it. Or on it. So to speak.
life is awsomeee
Our Traveling Museum and team is ready to hit the road to Wheeling for the Create WV Conference! Will we see you there?
remember you said she said if i ever need someone to talk to that shes there for me? That was really nice of her.
Ouch - never heard of that!
are you doing anything awesome tomorrow night?
well I sort answered off the cuff. With deeper contemplation, my answer might have been different. :)
": Ridin round down here enjoying derby weekend #livinlife" « how is/was it?
Once again i wanna say happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers in twitter world.
has two great screenings tomorrow: 'Living Together' about alternative lifestyles in the '70s & Greenaway's 'A Zed...'
