I follow everyone that follows me :)
this could be a possibility. Fingers crossed that its not one of those gutless nights that we have so often.
Haa. Its not the same.
Felt the exact same way leaving there on Monday!! RT : Frys Electronics is the worst store for customer service --- another...
Love these warm nights!
Often we see that newbies are simply not invited back, sometimes due to not capturing contact info.
So long David DeJesus! you've signed with the Cubs, and I'm sure you will bat .320, hit 20 HRs and drive in 75 RBIs.
Wow, thats just wrong! What up with Florida, remind me never to go there, well Disney World ok!
I feel like watching Bug Juice.
I have been dying vying, trying to see that movie...aha, let me know when lady!
lets #chill .
get em lebron...finish this game!
Yeah man. Because sometimes I'm in the mood for a good bar fight. Gotta know my target.
seconded. Electra bike was the best thing I ever bought Jan.
Pacers showed some #TrueGrit. Loved Uncle DWest's ushering of the kiddos off the floor.
To look at the reviews apparently I'm the only one who has figured this out.
All forms of government ultimately are not going to achieve success in attempting to control or censor the Web.
YES I DID.
Jamming to Justin Bieber on my way to LA.
I'm disappointed that the station that airs the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show thought it needed to censor Time's cover.
I know right?!? I said the same exact thing on facebook :D
yes I can
I always manage to spill something at a dinner table. Hahaha..
loved your #success article - thanks!!!
Sorry babe, will call you. Just been really swamped lately, which I guess is a good thing. I will.
...So I'd vote for just a basic website and then an awesome query letter, as someone below said.
Happy National Pancake Day! Wonder what sort of pancakes they had in Spanish Colonial times? Pinon and Blue Corn? Ha.
There is a lot of buzz about future HARP changes. We can help now, with our DU Refi Plus program. Let us connect you with a loan officer!
Age aint nothin but a number
i would love a GoogaMooga ticket if you still have one to spare!
We are very happy to finally get to work with you guys.
Oh. You're dating my ex? Cool. I'm eating a sandwhich. You want these leftovers too? :)
RT : "Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want." - Jim Rohn
Did you know there are over 35+ Co-working, Collaborative Workspaces in the Mke Region? You can check them out during #MKEInnovationWeek!
The mother of LA arson suspect Harry Burkhart says he is mentally ill. Or as most of Hollywood would call him, German.
Advice often overlooked. Nater is full of awesome wisdom.
like clockwork for the nuggets.
Blessed at the wonderful service at tonight. We have INCREDIBLE worship leaders! Thank you Stephen and Star Smith!!!
And the this
I was attracted by vision and mission for IAWBO. Also loved her commitment to achieving more online in record time!
Nicki's clothes are outrageous, her wigs are over-the-top, her flow schizophrenic but she can't sell any of that live or in a video.
you told me you loved me, so why did you go away?
I could use a hole to hind in right now...
ughh im tryin to fix my facebook cuz it got disable... nd im loosen my patient wit this piece of crap
Today is National Peace Officer Day. So may friends in law enforcement. God bless you folks for what you do.
Would way rather be going to kickass show tonight then going to work! Hope you guys kill it!
thnx for the follow...
Thanks. Yes that's the plan. Clubs are a little dusty. And I know I'm a bit rusty.
Yup. 1,000 crabs...4 hours! It's what we do Baltimore! Thank you!
surf surf surf
tks always looking for new technology to use for my students and myself
Watching potential of wx pattern to become more stormy late in week, going into week of x-mas, across much of East. U.S.
nothing really u?
This week with Spott, you support and their Gifts of Life catalog, which keeps Tijuana health clinics running...
lol, it was too big and I couldn't hold it, so what was the use of knowing how to play?!
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Sidebar: I had absolutely no expctatns b4 seeing "Think Like a Man" but it was hilarious!! I actually wanna c it again lol
thx. Let's keep the channel open.
Just found a street in SF named "O'Farrell St." Nice. :)
We've got amazing prices on Flyers and most of you need new flyers right now!!!
A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all the other virtues. ~Cicero
love you too 💗
he made my night !
.: I think the #American people would want us to chose #children and their health insurance."
even though we about froze to death!
Jewish Proverb~ Never trust the man who tells you all his troubles but keeps from you all his joys.
not a flight risk and turned himself in. Has to be looked at independent of media storm. I know that's one helluva debate!
Don, great connecting w/ you at LA this week & thanks for the Twitter shout! Shot you an e-mail & hope to follow up w/ you soon.
Who will be
“: I miss my boyfriend” oh wait, I don't have one.
Let me put the real pussy in yo life ;)
Mane m not coming out here no more wtf !
you read strib comments before 9 am on a Monday? Brave man.
#real men hm real men are so hard to come across in these days of time very few actually exist def taking my time when it comes to "love"
Nice night for a walk. Too bad I’m in the wrong city for that.
Both Hindenburg & Titanic carried mail to subsidize their journeys. Mail contracts were lucrative.
2012 is starting off with a bang...just signed with a fabulous Literary Manager & about to start Text You for Teens.
You right tho, my ex LOVED to just watch in anticipation of her serving lol
in desperate need of a tan
okay...gotta go to school. have a great day, friends!
very proud of you!!! ❤
So glad its my friday, lookin forward to 2 days off!
looking forward to meeting the team!
don't worry I am
no because the guy is will
Booth 39 at Rossini Festival -- see you soon!!
I bet they won't! your not that important! :)
#JamesGangSKC Where would you like to watch SKC games at in St.Joe?
Oops, meant to send that from this account. I hardly ever check that other one.
loved my otterbox but not watertight. Lifeproof is watertight
In Milwaukee strippers ask for tips when they show over ..
The Chester County Hospital () has announced plans to construct a 3-floor, 93k sq ft patient care tower with 72 private rooms
all guys are the same. once i meet one that's actually different, then i'll say that i was wrong. until then, FUCK guys. #dumbasses d:<
Miles Cole was Oxy's low today with a 75, Weiss followed with a 76. Full results to come soon...
People really need to get the full story before making false accusations...
2011 is starting slow.... but I'm having a feeling its gonna pic up. s piece has reinspired me to concentrate on head pieces.
Tony Bingham, CEO of ASTD is now talking about importance & future of mobile learning.
Thanks booboo. I get to present my fav subject ... cats!
Vote n the primary tomorrow!
They're still trying to do hip hop in that old ass coffee shop?
and date guys with beards cause bearded men lead more peaceful lives
relaxing in this nice weather how u doing
have you tried another email address? I just checked and it worked for me. Is your current email afraid to rock?? :)
Serge Iblocka doesn't let anything get past him
Thank you Kayak--your thoughts mean a lot on this long ride home...
If you have received a direct message from Renew Chicago today about "bad blogs", please delete it and do not click on the link.
She left RIAA "to spend time with family" before Bieber existed.
There are no such things as miracles. It's just plain luck.
Metric-Eclipse(all yours)
Livetechondemand.com online virus removal, via remote access! Anywhere in the world all you need is an internet connection
stay out of the stabby zones! I want to see your pretty face again.
lmao! I know right... Ima need you to be here to hop in front of some bullets just incase lol
New Kids On The block had a bunch of hits - Chinese food makes me sick. And I think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer." ::lfo::
Just booked a PayPal commercial! Yippee!
I got my
I wonnder if a tall skinny person & a short fat person waz on fire who would
Will have to check it out Mike. RT : Thanks to Paul Dickson for the enjoyable new book on my Dad. Fun read.
DEF: DiBernardo did not shoot to kill victim, accidentally fired shot into abdomen when victim moved toward DiBernardo
yes better starting point would be: "all about the experience." inevitably leads to procedural designs, real participation, etc.
When did my area become a haven for potheads :-) lol second day in a row the area around my corner store reeked of pot
Loving the pandora comedy stations
I have a crazy idea for you. Anxious to chat. Cheers!
I like to sleep.. I just dont like to wake up or go to bed. x5
hii bo boo i love my lil sister
Think about it. Pray about it. -JOURNEY YOUTH
This restaurant is so fucking lame as hell
GR8 point RT : "Youve got to want it, to win it." -You cant force anyone to learn anything that they dont want to learn.
Well he`s definitely a contradiction to the core of Christianity.
Be sure to stop by 2nd & Wisconsin Ave & see a beautiful display by in , announcing their fall arrival Downtown!
Being #unemployed and struggling to find a job has to be one of the worst feelings ever!
I second, search results are no longer showing up.
Every time I think I have figured out where Nauert's strike zone is, he confounds again
RT : Feels like a good night to hit 3,000
hope u find one patti and pray that i can i get motivated to get out of the house and find one myself.
[cont] propaganda fueling nationalism, corruption in favor of the wealthy, the corruption of politics by wealth, etc... )
my favorite kind of BLT!!
Are you guys coming back to the upper west side? Need my joyride frozen yogurt fix!
ok nia....how can I get a Chris Hayzel ringtone
that is not good.....
oh, it's 's birthday?! Happy Birthday! And didn't leave you for Prince Harry, so things are looking GOOD!
what no Penelope Cruz?
Actions cause responses (I.e. positive or negative consequences).. Religion/Morals/Philosophy influence a persons actions
You're taking the pessimistic approach... one can always strive to do better. That struggle represents the fuel of humanity.
lol glad you figure out how to work it :) better than pandora ey? :)
Monday morning, hesitate, can't get out of bed.
congratulations on your unbridled ambition and desire to GSD!
I need a #PickMeUp to outweigh the bad. Looking for the good in this mess.
The ground of justification is the blood of Jesus Christ. He paid fr this righteousness given 2 us (Rom. 3:24; Heb. 9:22).
“: Best friends don't let you do stupid things..... Alone.”
Wow, that was fast! Everyone go follow if you don't already!! :D
if you see this by any chance can I get a follow from you, 💙💙
Good day at the cherry blossom festival on the sw waterfront. Music and crab cakes from the. Not so many cherry blossoms though.
welcome to my world
Parents are quick to point the finger when their child acts up, when they are the blame.
> $4.25M in real estate sales YTD plus I have another contract offer currently being considered. Good for me, my clients & the econony!
At Bankers Life Field House in Indy watching 's Hawks take on 's Pacers.
Is Fried's breaker just an out pitch, or is he comfortably throwing it in any count?
A great day for our next generation today
OH CAPTAIN, MY CAPTAIN!!! BOOM!
There moment I wish I was invisible to u
what is he supposed to do for his fans that live far away? There's nothing besides ustream. He hasn't even had ustream for (cont)
Totally stoked! I just won tickets to the Dublin Down Festival from #UNLVTickets. Awesome.
NIce one, G!
#Aquarius are...what you want but can't have!!!! Lol :p
First two days of camp were Amazing!!!
Goin places, rollin j's, I live the life you wish you had. #Wizdom o_O
Can't believe I'm actually at a 10pm movie AND it's scary. The Thing.
Your mother is so careless with semantics. She replaces indefinite articles with definite ones in series titles.
Annoyed by liers
The Lord is compassionate and merciful, slow to get angry, and filled with unfailing love. -Psalm 103:8
but I'm da youngest of the 3 :)
Tarmac not a good place to be waiting after this supposed earthquake.
I hate to love you.
you're the nasty one- I was talking about my psychology! Sheesh... Lol
just signed up on twitter. I handle the neuro at PLoS Bio. We should, like, know each other, and stuff.
I've always wanted a pet pig too! Maybe we can adopt one together and have joint custody?
It's not to late to get that great Valentines day gift! We are open til 7pm. Bath and Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE !
"ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber xo"
I've come to a realization today....... DISCLAIMER: WHAT I SAY IS IN NO WAY INTENDED TO BE RACIST.
heads up that I'm seeing a bunch of HTTP 500s. Although I'm guessing you use one of those error reporting services!
Went to WAPF Ventura meeting and met Theresa who is going to help balance my pregnant state of mind: www.tvernonlac.com
Dance meets technology in 2 performances of Alban Elved @ SECCA/ Sat. and Sun. Check www.secca.org for ticket info. Hope to see you there.
Other industries have discovered the efficiencies of #cloudcomputing and SaaS combined with getting your clients online. Healthcare is due.
If you could make a wish for the world and have it come true, what would you wish?
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Open The Bathroom Door And Somebody Is Already In There
I need to focus. I can't have anything distract me. I have to do this. I will get myself back to the person I want to be.
Someone likes Eraserhead...Great work on the vid buds.
Me too RT : I could probably subsist on guacamole and cheese alone.
Preparing for the next trip to Cambodia! Want to join in?
#ReplaceSongLyricsWithPaul Do you ever feel like a plastic Paul; drifting through the wind, wanting to start again?
On the dango paper chase mane I done been up for three dango hours gettin this dango money mane!!!
In many situations, the breath becomes the lifeline. The breath is is one thing that we can hold on to.
Gethsemane's Garden, Golgotha's Hill, the borrowed tomb, the ascension to the Father was all unto Pentecost's Upper Room.
Who knew? RT #DisneyFact The Aristocats was inspired by a true story of a Parisian family of cats c. 1910 that inherited a fabulous fortune.
My nails are a lovely shade of Bud Light Blue.
That Happened to me not too long ago
alright meet u ther opr ill see u inside?
Can someone keep me posted on the Baylor Game.
Another Perfect night last night. 4-0. The least two Days have yielded a magnificent record of 13 wins and 0 Losses.
Hi there. Looking to see if we can book you on this Monday PM on SlutWalk. What's the best way to reach you?
Just relaying the past. :) If you have MLA annual meeting venue ideas, suggest on MLA '12 evaluations.
Be sure to join us in the library tomorrow 12:30-1:30 for a Maker Break! We'll be creating paper snowflakes and enjoying hot chocolate.
Click the link and then go to entertainment heading. Scroll down and its on da right next to my pic.
Wow. Fantastic updates to the My platform. Great customer user experience
I'm not from here
I did everything that came across my desk. So I'm ok with it!
and it begans
. Diz-round1, D.N.A -2, and D.N.A edged it in the third cuz Diz wasted time and d.n.a made the crowd boo Diz.
Bisi, that's a legit price or are YOU trolling? Lol
CM Drunk Is trending? come on guys that is disrespectful!
My heart is about to pop out my skin
do i cry while watching casper? yes. yes i do. p.s. devon sawa!!!
I'm broadcasting the #Broncos #NFL #Draft Party live tomorrow. Follow for the links.
great seeing you too, lady bird! Lets do HH soon.
Weaver's reaction is just awesome!
Wish me luck on my Softball Game? <3
Aww my brat of an 8 year old cousin was in tears when I left. I can't wait til his wedding to remind him. <3
It's true, rocked the house!
What bands are you playing with these days?
I just read. I'm so sorry for your loss. All my prayers to you and xoxo
A Charles #Dickens quote for CIOs in honor of his 200th: "Do all the good you can, and make as little fuss about it as possible"
Congrats at achieving your Kickstarter goal!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 13 Washington Redskins 20 End Of 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Ted Williams the next Bob Shepard? The current guy at the stadium sounds like he sucks on helium before every pitch
1st LoveVoodoo DE Meet & Greet will be this Friday, Jan 6th at Tom Foolery's in Middletown, DE. Come join us!
I LOVE !!!!! BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!! Thanks for your help, Jason!
#Scorpio always takes the sexual temperature in any room! Stay one step ahead of them by keeping something hidden from them to reveal later
Business n bullshit today. I'm ready fa it to be over. They kilt my bday fareal
laundry is going watching titantic searching youtube. im pretty cool
It's officially my favorite month :D
you don't look a day over the 363rd day! Happy Birthday. :)
well i'm a woman and i would be completely freaked out by it! if that counts for anything.
Woohoo off of work till next year!!!
Hey , what's a good use of QR code in classrooms? Got a teacher presenting her 5th grade service learning project via QR!
Autistic people need to turn to someone to help, because NO ONE helps Autistics & no one cares.
Anyone have an affiliation with the police? Would like to speak to someone about ticket scams.
Line out in Bath 22
thats way cool kim.. Ur amazing:-)
that's why we always have to take my car.
#WeWontWork if you never make time for me
he love the way im #ridin , they love the way im #ridin ~ciara-ride
At pizza ahuttle
The Zooey Deschanel and Leon Redbone version of Baby, It's Cold Outside is phenomenal. I can't think of a better rendition.
thanks so much for meeting with us this afternoon. We are excited about the future!
Whoever said "It's all in the journey" never had to deal with Penn Station.
Thanks for sending me the new twitter address (handle?!)
Wish me luck! Just applied for a paid internship for the Modesto Nuts Baseball media crew!
I'm wondering what your biggest paper organizing challenge is. Please share.
i miss you guys, so much. We should go get some mexican when you come to dallas! c;
i love the supportive ppl in my life. L O V E. <3
ha! Agreed! I love her, I mean I want to be her, I mean idk what I want! Hahah miss u!
ha no its cool. we talked about it. she wasn't tripping her sister just made a big deal about it
I love spending my Cinco de mayo at the hospital. -.- 🏥🚑😷😒
social websites are startin to suck right about now
Minus the eye liner. RT : amy winehouse
Can`t believe it`s the 81st birthday of B`ham, AL`s Willie Mays. No question he was the best that ever played.
It's So Nice Outside :)
thanks for music recco : . on rotation now, me like.
Great insight today {Shopper Centric Design} Huge thanks to Kelly Smith !!
What kind of herbs do you suggest for cleansing?
#Badgers Cassandrah Darrah named #B1G Co-Pitcher of the week. Posted two wins and a 0.58 ERA to help UW to a series sweep of Penn State
yayayayyaya. you dont know anything about me
ha, for reals?:o
send me an email to let me know what times you are available to do the mix show.
Correction, 3k activist join for #vasen call!
goodnight then I got the message loud & clear!
Is the book really better than the movie or do you just want me to waste time reading this book?
I believe God is constantly challenging us, stretching us to dare to believe Him even when things seem impossible.
Fell off a cruise ship. I wouldn't say I survived, I'd say I thrived.
In the fat cat room at the Humane Society 
Females really thinking they're attractive because a lot of guys want to have sex with them... NEWSFLASH: HE HEARD ABOUT YOU.
really tasty!!
And the best team won!!! Go Habs GO! Must book flight to MTL now!!
Guys have to be treated good too, its not all about the girl in the relationship.
Thanks lover!
"There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you."-Maya Angelou. Happy Birthday, Maya!
Hangin with and at 's #next # superbowl Party
did you get deets yet?
ok baby:) i love u kisses!!!!<3
Thanks so much for following us! Keep up the great work!
Bout to hit those streets with love of Christ!!! ~ EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
Things that make you go hm....?
Thanks for the RT's! , ,
Great thought before bed: RT Behind every great achievement is a dreamer of great dreams. Robert K. Greenleaf
have a heart... give it to some one! Happy Valentines day People!
RT : Btw if u put 5 different colors of M&M's in your beer mug, your beer turns green.
Speak Up provides school,district&state leaders w/similar local or regional data from stakeholders to inform their policies,programs&funding
so much. You haver no idea.
Can I get a little help #sschat in coming up with lesson for columbian exchange incorporating real foodstuffs?
Our Sources tell us Bobby Brown intends on filing a lawsuit against Whitney's Funeral Security Detail, man he won't let Whitney rest!
Shaq just graduated Barry University? What a guy. I hope to be back in school soon.
stfu always beating to the punch 1 of days i am goin to have a badd ass female nigga that u can't have
: "the interactive portion should be an adjunct to a real, live community."
Ehh... no... haha . but it was a close game :3
Currently looking for staffing professionals in Manhattan! A/F Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan IT Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan Sales …
Funny, I've had a "Tweety" profile for over a year but didn't get it. I think I get it now...
I think we're influential about unicorns according to Klout.
It obvious your fine, but I just wanna make love to your mind
I don't follow too many ppl who r paleo insiders. What r they saying?
"That's the way - uh huh uh huh - I like it - uh huh uh huh!"
Chipotle serves us kid size burrito bowl per request, then charges full price, explaining they don't offer kid size. Please.
RT this is making sound botlike #cyborg - block of vision and the feed. wow.
your on my Twitter!
I been on a super loss & rarely gain type thing. I lose people or people let go of me.
that's too mean
hope my classes don't conflict with the cults show at
MIAMI (AP) - Florida International has fired men's basketball coach Isiah Thomas, after the Hall of Fame player went 26-65 in three seasons.
": What'd I miss?" not a thing whats good
You're welcome! :)
Working on my new website. I hope to launch it by May 1st! Stay tuned for updates :)
thanks! We should be recording a new episode this week. To post your sessions, PM me your email address and will set you up.
On my way to work
Why do the spokespeople in Kashi cereal commercials always come across slightly ....special?
when I'm with you, it's like the world is just for us.
FLIPPING OUT CANT WAIT TO SEE 's BOYFRIEND VIDEO!!!! :D
Boom. Nailed it. #oneillgglass RT : Long Day's Journey Into Flight.
Wow, that 3 day weekend went by quickly.
maxx. sock monkey. i want one in each color.
I believe there is a mad Mex down under. You should check them out.
Looking forward to heading to Chicago for #NASBHC conference on school-based health care next week. Watch for posts from event.
stayed up till midnight doing homework i could care less if im in pjammas and its supposed to be 70 degrees today
New Orleans kicked my ass
Love the proactive listening from the and connecting with me after saying I want to see them live again soon. You guys rock!
Then monster & 5hr energy! RT : Monster > RT : Coffee... Yes yes, that good kick in tha a$$ in tha morning!
Shorty just attacked me from the blindside. Used to be a player now I'm sidelined. Connect like wi-fi, Mixed like tye-dye.
she just looked at me weird.......
RT : The Local Web: A Video Infographic. shows local opportunities national brands are...
Tonight's show with Behemoth / WATAIN / The Devil's Blood / In Solitude is completely SOLD OUT! GET READY TO ROCK!!!!
keep up the good work!
#askzayn Do you need to cast off the post to attract the attention of millions, or something else??? ..
Mavs fans sick right now
It's a new dawn. It's a new day.
I'm still too pumped from The Avengers to sleep
Reed Hastings speaking now at
Looks like we'll have to attend! RT : Looks like we'll be serving tacos at the Urban Garden Party next month!
Knee-deep in SPSS for a custom report on a client's student services. It's been a long time since I did a survey project.
Both. Personal content is valuable to businesses. Utilities/tools/offers are important to the consumer.
Thanks for the warm welcoming ladies. I fear another technological addiction is on the horizon.
Yeah. But now that I see what scalpers are getting for them I'll probably just sell your seats and by myself a new car.
#YEE Pizza time! :D
Alert: September 2nd Art, Music & Old Fashioned Soap Box Speeches with Clay·Glass·Metal·Stone Gallery - bit.ly/southfloridaalerts
Welcome to those faculty members visiting from Poland's Adam Mickiewicz University !
Go ducks. Who knew?
Why do I keep running from the truth All I ever think about is you You got me hypnotized So mesmerized And I’ve just got to know
I would LOVE a with you How fun would that be?!
who knew this photo shoot would 2 b an all day "production"! the finished product will b worth it, shout out to KUL Magazine! Lets Get It!!!
let's get a matching pair! 
#Thatstupidmomentwhen you apologise to someone and they should be the ones apologizing.
Thanks for coming! RT : Had a gr8t brunch Need 2 go back 2 try da rest of da menu. #TriTip Hash &
You too RT : Thank you for the follow!
*hugs* I know you lost a friend, too. My condolences.
I am that Ambitious Girl wussup
I feel your pain. I've been setting on a story that could/should have been finished 3 years ago.
no hon. NYC only.
Oh me too! but I'll spice up twitter in a bit >:) lol
Actually ! MT On w Rachel tonight on MSNBC at 9. My task: explain how bad GOP budget is #HInt:ThisSpeakerGoesTo11
Wow Carrie Ann calm down! Talk more about the dance please!
Eager has degressed over the past 2 years.
Happy Turkey stuff and stuff.
“: RT : #stlcards have called a press conference for 9 a.m. CDT today at Busch Stadium < Pujols is staying!” or Tony.
you lucky girl!
I hate Jb
okay YES PLEASE. Zeus isn't quite as appreciative of my dance moves.
Today's tip: Try adding in a little exercise before a meal. Even just a 10-minute walk can help decrease your appetite.
Roll call: I'm at the Spring Game... Who's with me?
- cracking me up tonight, man. Also a '97 grad still waiting for the phone to ring. Lets go CAPS.
"Satellites are a motherf***er!" - 😁
love da song cant wait for the cd and you grown up to be a sexy man
call me
thank you 4 following us, very nice designs..
thanks babe (:
Quarterback Chris Forcier will participate in Pro Day at Furman University tomorrow.
That was freaking amazing!!!!! :D best night ever!!!!!
Spring Break>>>
TELL #WFX- What is your greatest need around training for your tech team?
Rick Ross just signed Omarion to MMG
Yeeeeaaahhhhhhh. It's probably not your face. Are they predominantly male?
I hate the fact that you say you miss me, but you don't do anything about it.
Does anyone have a Pinterest account? And if so, would you be willing to send me an invite?
thanks! I have to show you it when i see you! and yes! Im so excited!
. And we will work out the details. Have no idea how that happened! So sorry and chat w u soon!
And Elijah Johnson for the lead!!!!
7) Be lucky. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #8 coming in 4 hours.
110 cappers posted today with tonight's action and 5 consensus from their pks and looking to repeat like last nites 5-1 record and all FREE
holy shit either get back together or stop tweeting about each other daily cuz we get it
Here's to a wonderful and prosperous 2012 for all...
: please that's 's fault for not reading the pitching reports that I put in w/his daily bible passages
i just can't! i'm a die hard. they'll come around one day... even if i'm like 90 by then.
Bill Clinton #obama support of #gaymarriage ensures support of all #seniors who dream of grandchildren in same sex marriages.
I understand!
haha no i wish :( i might be lucky tho this summer cuz im probably going on vacation in LA :)
Futures favorite drink is sprite & lean
I'm filling my fridge with pickles and Arizona's! Say something if you want to but I suggest you pack your lunch when you come over.
poo on hackers!!!
#OTH break over and back to studying!
Had fun this week with. Brooke,Hope,Layne,Taylor,Rylan,Shelbie,Sloan,Sawyer,Evan, and Aaron(:
On my way to support my sister Prophetess Angela Jones, it's about to go down!
I do not want the inaugural championship trophy to bear the #Paterno name. Will become known as Stagg-"insertpun"
this kids name was fuk (pronouced foo-uk). Whenever he said something werid we would all say what the fuk?
WOWWW way to steal my shit!!!! And I get no credit. Ima start copywriting my ish
you and Mahomies~we are forever and always a family~
may i recommend one of Dr Bailey's Hot Toddies? 29 out of 30 Helens agree it beats the shit out of Nyquil
I cant believe i'm having a hard time drawing white ppl! This is so not good.
It's all happening in Oakland right now: the occupiers vs. tear gas, grenades, & a new armored tank. Yeah, Oakland has a tank.
for sure lol
King of being the 2nd best on the heat .Game throwing fucking rich ass loser,you need big names to save you
This fight is sick. The crowd loves the underdog, always.
LOST my FRIGGING PHONE! NOT HAPPY JAN!
76 pins in my head.
On my way to a shoot w/
. thanks for the shout out! It's going to be a good year for the races
RT - Two first place teams, the Indians and the Yankees, collide in Cleveland on Monday for game one of their series...
City bbq smells soo good
Have you seen it? <3
I hope The Sixers Hulk Smash the Celtics!
First session with "Business buyers don't buy your products, they buy into your approach to solving their problem."
I know thats right
#ThingsMyExSaid "my ex means nothing to me" .. or "your the only girl in my life " LIES ON LIES ON LIES ya hurd
good. And why not?
This weeks special: $59 Sky & Sea Facial includes mask, extractions, and pampering for one hour! Say Ah!
I wanna go out I'm bored I'm sick been and house every weekend
LOCAL commercials during the super bowl.
I'm so GLAD it's Friday! Been one hell of a week, and I need to get Drunk!
Intermission at 'End of the Rainbow.' Tracie Bennett giving it her all. Incredible portrayal of Judy Garland.
Thanks for the great writeup in the a few weeks ago! (Better late than never, right?)
RT : Throw kids gifts out? Sad? Kids have nothing to do with this.
How are you my dear? Keeping people honest and in the know I bet;) Change only happens when we are informed!
Big Basketball tonight! Tough road game @ Wisconsin. Join us for some Badger hunting.
I had the same thought! So many looked older than 40...then I thought maybe that is how I look :)
Today I'm listening to Vic Rosenthal talking about solidarity with immigrant workers in Postville, Iowa, on MinnPost.com.
I thought I was rachet though!
Forests: Britain and businesses to tackle deforestation
that's gross.
I remember singing "Girls" in the first grade. "that's all I really want". RIP MCA - Lots of great B-Boys memories.
Weds night the place 2 be isBroadway Bar(8800 broadway)No Cover Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party
Happy Easter By The Way(:
it kinda looks like you lol
I'll be up there!
On some real shit im fucked up!!
Make today a Powerful Thanksgiving .... and make Tonight the start of the BEST Christmas Ever.... (New Music released tonight Facebook me)
Family Camp 2010 :)
Wish I were camping right now.
Rangers' week: Royals, A's, Astros
Actors/performers if u need PR done, choose ANYONE but David Salidor. Unless you want to be charged 4 work that won't get done & thretened.
Bwahahahahaha! Heading home in the bus from the class trip
Twitter= I need to pee. Facebook= I peed! 4square= I'm peeing here. Quora= Why am I peeing? Youtube= Watch this pee! LinkedIn= I pee well
I am diamond enjoy your celebration:))))
I wonder what magazine the photoshoot was for? Probably a fitness one or maybe Playgirl? :O lol
Literally don't know what to do right now
Who is the real Ndamakomg Suh on Twitter? No. No. I'm Lavander Williams:)
Wish I was there. Break a leg. MT : About to speak at CSA conf at UC-San Diego, "Addiction and Its Others" panel
stiff collar? stiff upper lip?
Ozzie Guillen is so great
i luv to talk but i get shy, weird huh???
I love empanadas! we gotta work it out so that the mayor gets special discounts &
"It's insane to dislike something because more people know about it,
There will be increased police presence at the Capitol tomorrow as more Walker supporters join in demonstrations: Elise Schafffer.
Planning on incorporating the annual #NOLAEats #Crawfish Boil into 's inaugural Crawfish Mambo, which I'll be judging. Interested?
#Nats gotta let Strassburg try to work out of this. Not sure he can.
thx for the RT! Very excited about Touring OH-features 12 Cincinnati area neighborhoods ch 411 hope u like!
Love is what you've been through with somebody
Anyone got a Moog they're looking to sell?
RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 40-0.
Oh Bondi Band guru, do you have to buy them online or can you find them in stores?
okay yeah zach just said they're due thursday
I miss my Dad so much 💔
still writing it, no link yet!
Although I feel bad for Colt, and I don't think he got a fair shake in Cleveland, Weeden can be a major upgrade at QB. 6'4 w/ a rocket arm.
Goodnight handsomes (: I love y'all very much!!(:
Wow! you got to do the real fire test. When I took extinguisher classes, it was via virtual reality.
That quote came from the President's statement today on the Meeting of the Interagency Task Force to Monitor & Combat Trafficking in Persons
Yes! we'll be watching you on tomorrow then. So proud of your actions, both on & off the battlefield. Semper Fi
chefs also have very thin, I mean thick skin and like to be teased:)
so is Ebay going crazy with Carlos Fuentes autographs?
When people are high-beaming me, I death stare them..then when I pass them and they didn't ever dim their lights, I'm blind and sad.
"Is that a finger?!"
| Thanks! Let's connect soon!
no, some other GIZMO did!! of course!! w/o u I wouldn't have ever gotten in2 twitter!! my goal for =500 Followers
Yeah, do try Dorian Gray again some other day is right - Once you are past a certain point, it gets really good.
Good morning Have a great day love
Freeze it. Fry it. All good.RT : So this is what happens when u leave your computer where your 1 year old can reach it
Woo playing music finna blow me
What's up Miami!! Who's partying in South Beach tonight??
Good times in #vegas. Now its off to #portland for another shoot. Let the good times roll!
Indeed great if managed well + get influencers involved
skincare is transforming my skin!
Great prices on label change for your t-shirt relabeling 1 or 2 label under the neck tape e-mail us at
Officially Stage Mom for dance recital! Kids learned last bit of routine, now to polish their moves. Recital packets next week.
"aggressive" roving reference. Rarr, watch out.
Love comin' back and ballin' w/my boys! Miss it. RT : nice of to return to the west lafy hoop scene today
Man, early ass shift tomorrow morning
Nope, but my GOogle™ $am$ung GALAXY™ tABlet let$ my lyrical AB$ orbit peacefully
I hate sleepin alone
are there any glassblowers on twitter? Let me know. I'm 1 of 2 in Albuquerque... that I know of.
that's it i Quit lolol! this album is hot! u make me sick lololol!!
Finish them off!! : TWO minutes left in the 3rd period! Empty net in the Flyers end. #njdevils”
Congratulations to and on tying the knot today at McHugh Creek and gathering friends in Anchorage!
Thanks to the tip from , & I were able to submit our score for the CrossFit Games Open! Now to cleanup my snatch...
haha nah I'm just trying to find a way to not do it :P lol tv is fun :D
The Housemartins, Eurasure, Yaz, .... Ok, I'm done, unless you want to switch to hair bands
Derby Day, Cinco de Mayo, and Karl Marx's birthday, quite the trifecta
Dropping a song in a few mins!! Just for fun.. Can u guess what it is?
iSatori Releases RestorAID™, Full-Spectrum Muscle Recovery System, to Help Athletes and Bodybuilders Get Back to the ...
NRA at CPAC: Obama's complete lack of any gun legislation in his 1st term was just a way of softening us up for a total gun ban in his 2nd.
Morning, morning
alright then.
following you now
That sounds like a wonderful job! :) Love it!
RT " 'Anarchists and provocateurs' to blame, says Oakland police chief bit.ly/spGgp6 "
Sure as soon as I leave for class #Chelsea start scoring. Hopefully they keep it up
"We will never listen to your rules...we do what we like and we like what we do!"
"Get you, 3,4, get you, like the number after 1, Ima get me 2!" - Lil Wayne (lyrically ridiculous)
Andy might speak a little.
Free bus ride! And the decade ends with a bang.
omg that freaking made me cry. That was great. She will love it.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?!
Full flight. Middle seat. Always lose.
Have a blessed night #TeamLNC #TeamLesbian #TeamGAY #TeamBisexual #LateNightLesbiansRadio we had a great show tonight ♡
Partnering w/ WiGiT 2 offer skills institute on new wireless grid architecture. Will feature Prof Lee McKnight...
Don't start nothing you can't finish lol
Jazz Guitarist, Educator , Dom Minasi Now Teaching In The NYC & Woodstock/Hudson Valley Area Email Dom:
It’s Really Getting Bad When You Start To “Envy” Homeless Men…
Goodnight i love you guys:)
how can i get an ad for weesandiego
wish i had something to do..
Thank you my Coworking brethren for keeping me conscious of the long view
Welcome new consensus seekers and keeping voters engaged
i do it for fun
Every time I hear or see something about the avengers I think of you!
Need a vacation? Go to purgatory.
Going to see Breaking Dawn in Burbank!...maybe we will bring some cd's with us :)
Saw that...I just think he's the definition of everything wrong about things...no vision, dirty, & a lot more
#EBUS118 Remember you can search for #EBUS118 to review all Tweets from your classmates. May be helpful for online students who come later.
Hungry? We have helped kick off the summer with some delicious food. They are now serving Lunch and Dinner!
Wes Anderson soundtrack released today for Moonrise Kingdom. The question is: Which Stones song did he pick?
Thanks for listening! ^BPS
hey! It's goin good aaha and no problem!:)
happy mothers day everyone <3 about to get ready to visit my grandma with my mom and family :)
We watched the movie 'The day after tomorrow' yesterday. Very apropos with the storm. Except when the wolves started chasing people around.
People have no lives these days >.>...
As a constituent and a user of the internet, I oppose the SOPA and PIPA legislation. , ,
Wesley Snipes!
Will you show me how?
Me to leave him. I mean, Come ON! You are in your 30's! -Maria
RT : Women Rock Climbing with Teamwork In Action / May 5th, 2012 (1day) - DIY Santa Fe - Santa Fe Creativ......
Does anyone know wut time was the world supposed to end ??
Great did you follow us yet?
#vegas users - if your near or #mgm take a photo of the sportsbook area & upload to Earn cash for your effort.
it's turkey time ... almost! i LOVE thanksgiving. time to bust out those brown-n-serve rolls
Nervous for tomorrow haha lame
I'm so jealous
“: I saw a store advertisement that said "The AFTER Christmas sale starts THIS Friday (12/23)" O_O” LOL
broke two years ago now im worth a milli....jacksonz to the ceilin thatz how we ballin.....
MY graduation party bout to be like that i stamp bout to have some bands in their monopoly bread and i hit up bookin joint so yeah
Henry Red Cloud, 2010 #Nuclear Free Future Award Winner, encourages Puebloans for Smart Energy - Video - urlm.in/hlgx
police in aurora on a serious manhunt or something-Florida and Parker area-what's up with that?
#WorldCup !! GO #USA , #Germany and #SouthKorea ...the last one is for my boy
Ugh. I forgot how humid it gets in Baltimore. Let curly hair summer begin!
i remember laughing at *some* of that witticism. Curious, is there a link to an audio archive of sxsw panels?
Show us what you're made of TONIGHT | Open mic | 8PM onwards!
Kinda excited about today ... Get to spend it in Malibu
Guitar class then December Nights tonight, great day ahead.
Phil Mickelson (-5) has sole possession of #PGA Golf lead with J.B. right behind him. via
If you had a habbit of doin bad good is your enemy makes you wanna go bad agin !!
Sunrise Homes, Tampa about to launch new web feature: interactive floorplans deploying their touchscreen presentation on website.
Dear pornstars, no one believes you started in porn to launch your DJ career.
I love sleeping, because my life has a tendency to fall apart when Im awake.
Mhm tell me about it. I'm 85% Irish. I'll never tan. It's okay doe.
C! RT : Lol @ Alien Ant Farm's mosh pit.
: I'm about to pick at fight w/ you !
How are you now?
man... What a privilege to be able to watch an extraordinary Christian make an impact like this. God bless this guy!
We love this! how was breakfast???
I love jennifer hernandez soo much
Thanks for the tip! We will be in soon to try the burgers!
being this bored should be illegal
why they don't give me code?
Outstanding! Thanks for being our fan ;-)
On American Idol I wish you could vote against contestants, like
yes he does
Sitting in the Apple store, awaiting my genius bar appt and I really want to pull out my Kindle and read #HungerGames !!
“: Girls Who Party Every Weekend Is Not Wifey Material...”
This week's #TrendsTues is Jewelry! What is your fave piece right now? xox
please don't watch that. hoarding stuff is one thing, I fear watching animal hoarders will just be real sad and disgusting.
Your performance in TPP was fantastic! Congrats 😊 So happy to have a night filled with Alexa! That's 2 movies on Lifetime now!
she is a great actress alwasy good to watch you both
I just realized your mom never texted me back....
All Systems Go for the Wednesday Morning Drive....
Anyone wanna see my formal dress? -Alex <3
Yessir, that is correct.
For everyone to have the opportunity to own a home.
hey Serenity
Thanks for all the attention, Melissa!
#loveislouder than hate and jealousy.
any new airlines or new city anouncementscoming in the future
hell the last one when she had the baby
Thx! Thx for the follow.I'm looking forward to reading I Wore the Ocean in the Shape of a Girl. Even the title is gorgeous.
Only ONE day left until the HF-Twestival. Omggggz
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. -Zig Ziglar
Nice. You fly, I'll buy.
You bet. Same goes to you. Have a good weekend.
Uffff this Starbucks Coffee Ice Cream is definitely hitting all the right spots
So true RT : If you want to get off the treadmill, you have to get comfortable with being uncomfortable
Excuse me miss can you spare a dime .... Uhh, no ! In broke as fuck & you smell like piss.
I'm #juicing beets -- it looks like vampires have attacked my kitchen.
EPUB standard does not manage high design that is typical in textbooks, gives a flatter presentation of material
Always And Forever You And Me(:
i love you!
just started following. I expect some good stuff! :)
Broncos defense is a huge force to be reckoned with. Love Von.
The ArrayFire SOLVE function does this already. For hermitian / pos def matrices, it uses the Cholesky based solver rather than LU.
ikr lolz ....he come out of no where
Thought and prayers are with those affected by 9/11.
What's your favorite song to sing?
Watching the #e60 on Aaron Rodgers...its pretty awesome.
RT : RT Delicious users: If you haven't transferred info to AVOS yet, do it now or risk losing your account.
Uhh..is that John Locke doing commentary for #TheKentuckyDerby ?
What is your Favorite GA winery and Vineyard?
According to Giroux, he's one of the best in the league.
The "lost episode" SF Sketchfest Airplane! panel is a must listen, hilarious stuff and great insight. Thanks for unearthing this!
cool crew!
Prostitution is revolution. You can hate me, after you pay me
right?!?! the suggestion that they might is so insane that it makes me laugh.
beckett, can you go back to playing golf?
Thx for joining us! RT Thrilled my parents loved Mother's/Father's Day gift to wine dine & have a great time !
Mr. Hindsman did his best $1000 is still something
No thank you!
Adios Ruby on Rails, welcome back JavaScript
hey hon thats cute
Rain, just rain, increasing through morning. Brief showery break early afternoon before increasing rain near 5pm.
Never herd of it but ill check it out
really liking my "new" laptop given me by a friend to replace my 8+ yr old one that was giving me the ominous blue screen daily
Stirring Straw will be in Section 203 of the Bleachers today as and are on hand to see Hughes on the mound.
Up like 24hrs every other day! I guess I'm like a Supernova! I'll burnout before I'll fade away! "BOOM!" BURN! BABY! BURN! Looool!!!
you cant this Saturday?
Psychotic love is healthy love... 
Do you try to stay offline on Saturdays or do you still check email?
Is working in Entertainment all its cracked up to be? Jeff Schulman gives the REALITY of working in a VERY tough industry...
King of Kings and Game of Thrones
oh he clap too!
follow back please
#prsawebinar Looking for some good ideas to move social from one or two people to a team effort!
Hi GMc All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
We love KGW! You're a great anchor. Contact us about you and your #colleagues coming in for a free #adjustment!
So do we!
environmental portrait today, should be interesting!!!!!!!! Leaving the strobes at home for this one.
pretty sure the majority of what i've said for the last hour has been "I'M HUNGRY" and "CAFE BRAAAZIIIIIL"
lmao no problem
I will always follow traditional NL rules. The best way to play baseball.
Producers of Avengers, Invictus & CrazyStupidLove Tell Stories for storyprojectLA fundraiser. Students get discount!
Wow. Yes security is a MUST! :)
Thanks for the retweet sweetie!
Will power wins again, and Sim Pagenaud was definitely putting up a fight to win the race!
Holy quads! Changing up my routine really made a difference.
Hey sweetie! Heard it went well! I talked about it for my entertainment report
Getting ready to head out in a bit for some night-before-birthday festivities...
Off to the movies after a long day of work.
Good you're doing great things..all the best 2 u...great site by the way. Forever a Hulk Fan!
Thank you to all of our Veterans. Please thank a vet today and buy them a cupcake or a piece of pie if you get the chance.
omg yes!! That's why! She's so scared to go over there. Gosh you know her too well lol
The excitement is here! The Tea Party is going to be so awesome. I can't wait to see everyone in their beautiful hats.
sorry about bboy confusion the other day...was aimed at brian about "80s band" moniker :) Fav album? Paul's B/Hello Nasty for me
Barrow Alaska had its last sunset of the year today. Next sunrise: January 23, 2010. Any complaints about weather in your town?
I wish you were following me!</3
As long a new followers idea of "social media" is not sending me a DM asking me buy their product. A little etiquette goes a long way.
I'm not sure if I'm a good or bad person, and I don't really mind.
you can count on me, like 1 2 3 and ill be there. and i know when i need it i can count on you like 4 3 2 and youll be there.
Drake - look what you've done ♥
when r u coming 2 milwaukee,wi??
We are looking forward to our Juilliard Jazz Swingin' Alumni Celebration next week!
Them 20's I jus got dem
r u kidding...he can write a check to the treasury anytime!!They will not refuse it
Are you releasing songs with no plan or direction? Do u need a REAL producer 2 help you make better sounding records?
Wow... we're growing up... you have kids, he has kids... :)
2 Supernatural trending topics! Excuse me while my eyes X!
Haha it's not. Except they had Abita Purple Haze on tap and had been nagging me to try.
Also a nice reminder than skillful quantitative analysis does not necessarily require massive data or techno-studly hardware
never mind no city cuz my gay ass mom is too lazy...
camp is gonna be wild
Hey, I'm sure you know this by now but we have picture but no audio on ESPN 2 in Nashville. Not even commercials. Others ok.
The younger, faster team won tonight.
you should, but you won't!
EMS grind has Etta James radio playin via pandora. For. The. Win.
Tweetdeck just keeps getting better and better.
The race was incredible. It was fun and very challenging.
Today was interesting. I hate the Internet sometimes.
Hey homegirl... please hit me back or DM me... really would like discuss casting you for our project we film in May. TY :)
This is I'm sure one of the reasons he's your Ex . Good riddance to bad news and keep on crapping
The main things I like about doing our own kitchen remodel: It's a lot cheaper and it looks a lot worse than a professional's.
Is there photography?
I look forward to seeing you all in Denver!
Me Too! What a Man!
Be modest! It is the kind of pride least likely to offend - Jules Renard
Its a good thing I'm a good person
I thought there were no dumb questions...only dumb people who ask them.
I Wonder What Happened...
I guess :P
Adult me agrees that's a great idea. Wonder if anyone ever has trouble finding parking in F'Burg?
Should I? Nvm
thank goodness for emails, I almost forgot it was at 8!
The sun is shining and in 3 1/2 hrs Pettitte will be staring again.
There's so much pressure for a good first tweet..Anyone notice that everyone loves ? Even the thugs from South Bronx love her
That 3rd Q was a big ol' mess. 7 turnovers for BOS, no offensive push.
There will never be another 'oldest teenager' not even close.
Doors don't open they self so we gotta push.
Karaoke normally at rustys old 50 has moved to Rock Bottom !! (740 n plankington) As of tonight!! Come on down and sing!
Ooh, can I order a pair?
No, not really...
Happy Birthday Miller Time! Hope you cap the week off with a Final 4 birth!
Welcome to the life of an archivist. :-)
First one with be my favorite Beastie Boys cute that I still have on wax....Hold It Now(Hit It)
I burned a 5 dollar bill lastnight , thinking it wasnt going to burn .. Yeah you know i was drunk lmao .
phew..thank God!
Minnesota Vikings have favorable early schedule in 2012
Tigre best hider ever. We started playing hide and seek last night I still can't find her.
Last week of my senior year. Holy shit!
do you have fb??
“ What a wonderful surprise to have such a warm welcome to twitter- thank you everybody!” she's too precious
thank you
RT : Bvxbbhhhngfhyghug talk to you later : Carl thomas featuring Usher RT : What's "Ctfu" mean?
I can feel a migraine coming on.
Sad news: I will not make it to #IHOP in time for free pancakes tonight. Primary night pizza instead. Also free, but not the same.
Life must be good when u don't earn that money you blowin..
Can't wait to watch the #DragRaceReunion again tonight at 6!
Josh Hamilton is killing Baltimore all by himself he has hit 3HRs and has 6 RBI
“: my whole team balling NO NBA #BossBandsBitch$$$ ”Aye
Holy cow! RT : Twenty full &solid reps on leg press w just over 1,000 lbs. I'll have full handicap parking privileges by tomorrow.
Robot Chicken!!
Penalize them for being successful! Stay at home spouse tax? Democrats can spread wealth to women who make really bad decisions.
Tattoos & Bandeau's :)
What goes great with patron? Girls
yep, and there's no *right* way to do it.
Hey girl! We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. We work with RDB! Check us out? :)
RT : RT : Under a #Leo's shield of armor, lies the most tender and fragile of hearts of the zodiac.
It's a shame when people live up to stereotypes...
Where?! I live off Cumberland blvd ext directly across from there. Literally...
Hey revisted the McManis 2010 Petit Sirah and it was better the I remember and only $10. Great with all meat pizza.
Ohh shut up Shawana.! If nobody wanna speak back to you then ALL WELL.!..........But GoodMorning.! :-)
And its bedtime! Two exams tomorrow and my brain already hurts ;)
will do thx my brother
A limited number of tshirts will be available to purchase tonight at the show!
One can lead a horse to #water, but cannot make him/her drink.
I haven't tweeted in days, such ashame!
said her front door be lookin like a mercedes!
with powerful jerks driving them haha but yea that is true
Now's your chance to get on tv! Stop by the KARE barn at 4, 5 or 6
Ridiculous/horrific crash at Vegas IRL race. RIP Dan Wheldon!
lol good morning to you as well sexy. I think you just made it an even better one lol ;)
Is it possible to get #CarpelTunnel in your right-thumb, and only in your right-thumb while all other fingers are ok?
RT somebody's getting snuffed 2moro! #O.K.C #L.A (There can only B 1!!)
O I feels the love!!!♥ Have a awesome day boo RT : morning boo.. Have a bless day.. Besos ☺
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart Lyrics & Music take up 99.9% of my brain honestly...
Lets go #Brewers get it!
Trying to decide if I want to buy a puppy or not. 🐶
Somebody getting punched and/or pantsed. RT : My defense is better than all stars offense.. Stay tuned to the rebirth of Ron
don't charge gas
love it!
All new patients receive a 30% disc off their eyeglass purchase. Call today and schedule your exam appt. Now with 5 locations to serve you!
Making my list ... #TheNewYear ... What's on your list?
Huge ethical quagmire in that article. Intolerance of intolerance. Social media as whipping boy. Hm indeed.
I disagree with ... Petrino will be hired, and it will happen soon. He's that good.
baby I will.keep dming Bella till.she follows you <3
great privilege analogy! Thanks for sharing
Home improvement weekend day two.
Thinking about who im even gonna keep in touch with after this year in time for my birthday..
Can't believe UNC took care of #Duke last night so easily in their own house! Ouch!
such a great meal last night that I had dreams about the fried oysters and Mac n' cheese!
We're beyond excited too- tweet us what you order for dinner! May we suggest the Chocolate Stout Bread Pudding for dessert, YUM
Ballin's not a hobby, it's my occupation
Is there any more news about the Brookhaven Airport crash?
I'm already eating ur NACHOS bro!! Hahaha...
love your work!
We are excited to be helping to introduce a new generation to the life and legacy of Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.
RT : I'm not psychic, only use math to do astrology forecasts for you. Also, astrology not about predestination--final...
Looking to add a pet to your family? Try Francesca's Puppies and earn #cashback for being !
I love my lil brother buh fk is he ever annoying
Who knew phone is enable of texting Kristina back, hm
Ear infection :( wah go away pls
happy birthday hill!! :)
Got some Death of an Era merch?! Post pictures on our facebook wall and include where you're from!
So serenade her with your last pathetic suicide love song.
OG BIGG TRAI AKA MR.COWBOY GOOGLE THAT AND HEAR THA O.G SPITT ON THA MYSPACE MUSIC PAGE..... PEEP ALL THA JAMS.MUCH LOVE ADD CMT GOD BLESS
I like Rear Window plenty too, but not because out needed virtuosity.
I do
Me: "Thank you!" Bus driver: "不謝!"
That would be Dave Duerson.
Can't sleep... Gonna find someone to talk to! ;)
i might be going to a couple of your shows!!!
that's been a strong rumor. would be a good choice! rt I heard it will be the next bachelor.
Thanks for the #FF !
Really Carlos...Can't you see I'm hungover
Total bummer, the wonderful assistant who was helping me wont be available on Fridays any more :( back to the drawing board...
If you focus on success, you’ll have stress. But if you pursue excellence, success will be guaranteed
Just found out that Google Buzz works on my Palm Pre! w00t!
I kinda think i wanna call u... wait no
STIX the CAT sez, "thanks for the follow - meow!!"
please follow me. *puppy dog face*
Who has two thumbs and thinks her mother is the greatest??? THIS CHICK!!! Happy Mother's Day!!!
thanks for the S/O
Kalleberg: Employment trends over past 30 years: increasing polarization and precariousness of jobs.
I know, sad, so sad.
risotto night so white here, but I like rose. It makes odd looking risotto, btw.
R8O » Blog Archive » Might Be the Best Reason Trees and Shrubbery - trees shrubbery
I like to think I bring the class.
Happy New Year. Brunch til 3p. Free shuttle to MU game. Free food at the 1/2 of the GB game. Come on down.
When your jealous Of Anyone That lives in New Jersey!
#np Eve "philly philly"
im convincing my mom to get me a pass for bg pass ;p
It's a ciroc and sprite night :)
May the fourth be with you
excited the are headed to the should be a great show!
Gonna head offline for the night. Goodnight all & sweet dreams! :)
Or just tweet us on here...we'll deliver them to you!
Is your Twitter account ok? Getting lots of ads for weight-loss products, suddenly.
never read the comments after midnight!!
Good morning!
deep bow to the artist, captures the sorrow underneath Henri's shining coat.
Hello Sam Thompson welcome to the NCAA tournament! better late than never
Penguins dominate, bring on the next series
Celebrate 2nite! NO COVER b4 11pm! $2 drinks ALL NIGHT
Proud of myself!
Considering new Windows? Watch out for the company with the first visit offer to buy. Guess what? it's never, ever real. Never. Not once.
Usually, you must join as a condition of your hiring.
get it girl!
wow #powerade throws down the gauntlet. what a burn-by-advertising lol
SO WHAT?
A ton of writing to do this week and most of it pays $ !
Jen jammed out with the lovely ladies of crimson countess
Saw Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts (and their kidlets) at the playground where Luna Park used to be in Union Square after brunch today.
thank you sister:)
Happy Birthday.
No but in all seriousness, Jesus is the man. And if I believed in Hell, I'm pretty sure I would go there.
i co sign co sign co sign
Cheering for my UW Badgers tonite to come out victorious over MSU. They nearly had the first game except for the lucky catch; payback time
woot 3 amazing demos - so much merged into larger working projects - it kinda rules!
Moylan's Special Bitter English pale ale now on draft.
Happy to share tips to help people get their
Things are good when they're simple.
Good Eats is ending??? I wasted so much time watching Lost!
"Dr. Who" Thanks for letting me sing on Twitter
How does LA Vikings sound to you?
Great night at the JSS studio !!
That's how he came to us. I just fixed him up.
I'm good! How's life?
just made it in my mouth on the first try!
I can't believe Netflix is down for scheduled maintenance. *grumbles* Et tu, Netflix? Et tu? Also... scheduled my... *coughs* butt.
love u on CBS
dude thats sick!!!!
Beach was amazing..definitely got some much needed color!!
Hell of a game
Shouldve gotten breakfast
Is that ...can I actually hear my upstairs neighbor snoring? That can't be possible, can it? I blame SUPER MOON.
hey, if i can ask you for a favor, there was a recent account hacked SK_TheKing, a report just has to be filled, thanks
Had a blast at #SMCSpark! Looking forward to the next one!
Thanks. RT Nice ass.
That's what she said. ": We're working on something big!"
you did a great job this morning!
your dick resembles a piece of poo... congrats poonis
are you going to update your keeper rankings at end of year or wait till beginning of next? thanks
who wants to be my 300th follower all you go to do is rape that follow button i will follow you back?!(:
I'm glad the weekend is almost here....
God created Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve.. Are you for or against gay marriage? They need to legalize weed an get it over with.
WHAT DIES IN SUMMER also potential YA crossover. E-arc on Edelweiss - will link tomorrow.
Fiction 20 Down, Capital 7, Blue Haven, and Groove Juice tonight at 7! Hope to see you all there!
Poor Pacers are getting worked by the refs.
Man wtf. How in the hell did i crack the screen on my laptop!
We are happy to introduce our new tech Stephen Wood into our company this week.
5:04! “: did my ears deceive me, or did I hear in the 5:00 hour? #musthearradio !”
“: "Forgive, Forgive, Forgive, Forgiveness, Forgive, Real Talk Man, Forgive" - #NYULilB”
#Dubstep sounds like two computers talking shit to each other.
Took our 10yo to on Fri. Sat in choir seats. Highlights: GG's face during Haydn & percussion up close during Dr. Atomic.
"Now you just somebody that I use to know"
If there's one thing I can't do, it's sit still for extended periods of time.
I aint never been the kind to back down
hey now
Cool #fact: Google runs over one million servers and processes one billion searches a day!
I tried to explain this to my best friend and she looked at me like I waa crazy.
y you say that
Car crash with injuries on the E470 northbound on-ramp at Gartrell. Rescuers en route.
thanks Jay!
RT : If you hate your job, always remember it could be worse -- you could be handling Ryan Braun's piss
All of the people who are all upset about Hunger Games, did you watch the same movie I did?
r u foreal
did you happen to meet my nephew Galen at rehearsal? He's having his WISH from MakeAWish Foundation
I wish I could grow a mustache.
I want some cheese sticks from captain d's now thanks to
truth. I sleep on twitter alot hahahah whas good Wednesday?
We live a country where bitchez suck thoze dikiez just for an Iphone yea right..
Do u think if I sent a letter to Shopper Stopper telling them that Im goin on a hunger strike til they stop sending me papers theyll comply?
We're unveiling some new products and updates during #pla12. Visit us at Booth #1817!
#entertainmenttalkshow He is risen and He is Lord. Happy Easter all. Be safe
i miss you to steph
Folks, we're getting ready to start up the KIPP Scribes again. Announcement later this week, kindly wait with bated breath until then.
So nice! Looks like there will be full pits. ": Hope #thedirtnetwork enjoys this lovely evening . Have fun guys."
GET THAT ASS
oh man. you just gave me the craving too! ha. what toppings do you get?
Awesome! RT : That's a "Let's Go Mountaineers" chant that just broke out at PNC Park for the #Pirates #Nats game.
I just finished with season 1 of Strike Back. It took me 2 weeks but I a truly impressed.
That means that 50% of AEC firms don't even track hit rates... or project wins... or press hits. It's insanity.
Enjoying thinking about all the people hung over this morning - amateurs. Now for some lounge music.
yeah tell her to back off. my mom was annoying to me and it didn't get her very far... lol
For reals! And not very charming either.
God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:6, 7 NET)
its crazy that hes only 20.
BUT education is key to success so i guess i will get my butt up tomorrow and make use of all the money i spent on these books
true ppl kept telling me just imagery when she really start to full blow talking
Half hour to go !
Someone text me. :)
Because it's the game thread. No thinking allowed.
He loves me :) RT Ben Askren appears to not be Chris Lozano's biggest fan. Related: Not able to properly type twitter handle
You got it!
Today has not been my day. Off to the gym to grind it out.
Im self made, self paid and I gave myself a raise!
I'm trying to get the #diarrhea song trending. Will you help?
What labor wants? more schools / less jails, more work / less crime, more leisure / less greed, more justice / less revenge S Gompers 1893
So is Steve Blake the only player from that 2002 #Maryland team in the NBA?
Pshhh No ! ucant call no more and im missn you smh now ii know how neyo felt cause im sick of love sonqs lmao
oh thanks!
Always appreciate the pictures
Same thing happened to me. Then I looked into it. Problem on their end. Your Xbox Live didn't actually expire.
they're mine first, i guess we have some good taste in men and food!
True. One can only hope this means someone drug Yuni out into the parking lot and shot him dead.
I have a new idea for a creative personal project that I'm really excited about! Can't wait to get home and start work on it.
follow back
I watched #MB on So Random Last Night ! I went #Stupid Mindless ! Ahhaa (: ! Mother: What The hell ? Lmfaooooooo I love :D
thanks for supporting your fans! Ur amazing! <3
Got nominations for this week's Turds & Blossoms? Send candidate blunders and kudos to asap.
i don`t understand how you can say 2 words & the other person sends you a huge paragraph #yo,SHUTUP!
If you're not a friend to me then stop pretending to be
I am finding real companies ready to break-out, only want 100 in my newsletter club so hurry up www.mariasirenas.otcprophet.com Luv You
Jus bought Rosetta Stone Korean ^^ YIPPEE I will learn how to speak Korean now... （＾∇＾）
omg where in la are you guys!? im here to!!
I just wanted to say Thank you for trying to make me feel better earlier, Even though Iwas sad you made me smile, Ilove you!
Looks fun, we love your place!
San Benito converts but Roger Garcia steps in front of the 1st down pass to pick it off to probably win it for United, 1:09 left
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.—Confucious
Have to love #Nascar and #Baseball season Lets Go Braves!!!
We're getting excited about the LA premiere of 'Honest Man' next week. Bring your guts of steel and an open mind.
#TBBT overran our Buzz Leonard Search Feed..RT : Hi, I'm Leonard and you are beautiful, you pop, sparkle and buzz electric.
its going good! I miss u too wish you were here?
I forgot what sunshine looked like in WI... 😒☔☁
Grateful and inspired!!!
marking my calendar as we speak for !
Best. Show. Ever.
it was racist. At least what the parents phrases were. It was funny but the parents made me cringe
HEY LOOVE lol. I miss you too
lol i feel you on that one I'm the same damn way
Wow Colton! This game came to play! Great performance!
Unfortunatly there will be no entertainment at this year's block party, hopefully in the future we can line something up
Light Please go off!
Finally finished my statistics finals!!! Three more classes and I'm done with my MBA - whoohooo
Bode totally wears boxer briefs. PS. I'd hate to be the FIS employee who has to conduct "underwear permeability tests."
Tell me about it.
Right on! Go Predators then!
your beautiful Haha
will this be recorded for people to see again later?
Happy Friday! We have so many great new followers and we want to say hello! We will tweeting some of the great ones throughout the day
its E's birthday. Everybody love E. Wish her a drunken birthday. Will take a shot for ya.
I have never made homeade salsa before but these recipes make me want to try!
"I mean to put forth no better argument than the truth will allow." From Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by Gordon Leidner
Getting ready for the half marathon at Ice Age 50. Feeling great and ready to rock this race!
your done !!
I think OKC going to bring out the broom in this round. R.I.P. Lakers!
i wish you would follow me.. or atleast reply please make my dreams come true..
Good Luck on your finals DONT SUCK!!!
I am a guitar tech tonight at Red Rocks for the bands playing for Film on the Rocks! If you are going, look out for me.
AYO welcome to Tweeter;P
Agreed! RT : The pet name 'fuck bunny' should be used more often...
Happy 420 world wide web
Everyone in New York City for The Holidays should check out Best show ever
as long as the world keeps turning, something will come around
Congrats to on #ONA11 win!
you are snapping on twitter. But u got some real ass tweets tho!
i sue
Tomorrow is my dads birthday❤
oh yeah that's what I thought
a canned ham! The unions won a canned ham!
Thx for the follow. Shalom
I just walked a plank and then went through a tent to get to school.
did you produce that?:)
I almost got run over by a clown driving a station wagon. A real clown!
There is no key to happiness. The door is always open~ Mother Teresa
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night drinks ( beer & mix drinks ) from 10:30-5am come get it in best deal in the chi !
haha thank you both! quite the greeting for sure :)
Thus ends your pep talk for today.
are you planning to go through Denver?
Weed to. I don't know why people enjoy inhalin that stuff what is so damn good about it?
tyson house smh nigga don't deny it lol
You know, I miss those days when we NEVER fought. WE got along just fine. Yes I am gay. Who cares. But Oh well it was fun..
I thought this shit wasn't gonna be tight anymore after the hype died down, but this shit still got my face hurtin lol
InfiniteSkills - Learning CSS3 Tutorial Energizes CSS3 Fundamentals, Teaches ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
But you can't put him at first with how well LaRouce is hitting...and you are not putting him at C. No place but OF
Some people need to stop bein so damn gorgeous!!!!
Would like to send you James Bond Unmasked, featuring interviews with all six actors. From Spies (The Making of OHMSS).
Little People at the Other Side
what is ur favorite song of all time
Downbeat in the house
Barbara Walters is a hot old lady
Sorry for not tweeting and not answering your questions! Im headed home to my laptop to answer all these great questions about the contest!
Most people use the Complete Length Super Grow Oil as an Hot-Oil Treatment
