Wonderful to see you all today.
Hi, Stan!
She doesn't bother to read my twitter.
Susan Stockdale will be reading and signing her books at Edgartown Books, 44 Main St in Edgartown (Martha's Vineyard) on 7/13 from 4-6pm!
Dont give me hope and fail me. Just let me be in my sober state of mind.
Giants break the 3-all tied with a touchdown! NYG up 10-3 over GB.
It's a classic
you got a big butt? :O
Real tired of waiting on you.
I'm waiting for a Public Anouncement from pres. Obama wishing all Mothers And Fathers a Happy Mothers Day !:)
Going to get my trail time in early today!!! Operation "Get Fit and Get Fine" is in full effect!!!!😉
Are you doing the sports tonight? I hope so!
I've been too caught up doing my own thing lately... going to go check out Johnny V, George Porter, and Luther Dickinson at the Maple Leaf!
We were born to be ready for the weekend!
fuck me then. Like a give a shit. There are bigger fish to fry than perpetuating more race bullshit
thanks for the #FF!!
Oh happy days!
that bloody bar looks heavenly-where did you find that?
Meet Mike Curtis today at St Michael's Auto Show in Maryland.
I be on here mo if I had da followers
follow back bro. #BIGFAN !
feeling crummy - got a cold - low probability of work tomorrow.
Can't wait till 's 1999 tape!
Sorry, that is Bruce Kiesel from Thomson Reuters!
A few showers and storms developing over ern. IA will move into SW Wisconsin over next few hours. No severe expected attm.
Be kind to the environment & your lungs, request low VOC paint for your home
Guess what I got on my Exam last week I got an A+
OMG I laughed my ass off watching the sneaking around Kevin Spacey's house/cat attack scene in Horrible Bosses I almost died LOLing
I hate stuff that taste extra fresh, if that makes sense, lol
Cheerleaders are like transformers....
Penelope Ann Miller (The Artist) hits the carpet looking oh so dazzling
Beth says thanks Susan. Merry Christmas to you and Tim!
morning! How are you?
What a waste of time
I need to tan.
Seriously, why do people pronounce it "Wesconsin"?
like the comment if your tuned in!
Lol asking Siri how she feels about Steve jobs passing away !
I can get the suburban, u just need workers
Q+A for Bogost raises idea of philosophical concepts as "play objects."
If it don't COME to me i'ma GO get it
Thank you! RT : Portland is the Best City in the World!!! with businesses like &
Thanks!!! Excited doesn't even begin to cover it. Holy crap. ^__^
- hi! How r u. Been off for a minute. Been trying to take care of my parents. Miss u twitfam/JANfam/MJfam!
I think that BITCH racist, prolly in the clan.
I talk about celebrities like I know them... Lol
Holy hell. Just...ugh.
why is there bamboo at the masters? Phil is out of the tournament
RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Austin is my inspiration, because he tought me how to live out my dream :)
It's my perogative >>>
RT : So it's national peanut butter day AND national pancake day? I know what we're doing for dinner tonight!
#demf how many times will utter the word juggalo today? If he were in Detroit right now, would he say it more? No doubt.
Drew: is this a good match up for OV?
we are blessed; family and friends. Materialism can take a flying leap over the Pasadena bridge.
"sigh"? DON'T DO THAT. Condescend much?
Turning the Voyeur Cam off... see you at 3pm PST!
Sounds like you are going to have a fun night of celebrating!
RT Calculation of the day: Every minute of the Afghanistan #war under the Obama admin's budget for next year, costs $182,911.70
The weekend is just around the corner, what big plans do you have coming up?
HubSpot's Blog Analytics also provide valuable insights about what content her prospects find most interesting and compelling
Four years later, I think I have finally mastered the art of eating at an AYCE Indian buffet: Just eat one plate man!
"That's it! It's done! Rob Portman is THE VP candidate. He passes the only GOP qualification!
Congrats! Sounds like an interesting job. We'll need to chat once we're both installed in our new positions: some real overlaps.
#pmasetest. How big is each cohort? Do we have smaller groups to work with within the cohort?
is she a believer in Christ?!
Power is now out in Crystal City.
gonna give her one of my signed posters. I'll be seeing Cody at least 4 more times this year, so ill get it signed then.
gnsfinfspifnadighiopdvng this is new to meh.
so intense!!!!!
We've made it up to Bridgeport...our trunk is getting full! This thrifting excursion was long overdue.
that's heavy. What time do you get off mañana??
Love that moment when you look in the mirror and have a huge pen mark on your face #whydidn'tanyonetellme
On this 9/11 anniversary, are your thoughts of patriotism? reflection? sadness? pride? something else? Whatever they may be, never forget!
It's a double-up xmas movie season this year: Craig: TINTIN/TATTOO. Pegg: TINTIN/MI. Spielberg: TINTIN/HORSE. Cumberbatch: HORSE/TINKER.
I'm good. Weather is finally nice. Sitting on a patio drinking a beer.
If you could ignite fire with rain, we would all be in BIG trouble #nightmare city
There's some great academic research showing a single retweet reaches 10,000 regardless of how many followers the sender has.
lol that's that classic E.C sound. I almost didn't add nothing it was almost done lol
If she feel used she gone dismiss you
Where's brostey? RT : We hope everyone is feeling good this morning after those 3 Goose Island Tap Invasion's last night. Whew!
Blue Belt! Movin' on up.
Can you tell me why states who win race to top funds waste it on writing new standards? This does nothing to help students.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
that's a tough one. Never thought of it that way.
hey what's going man
LOONEY TUNES BANANAS
i play fair
“The only discipline that lasts is self-discipline.” ~ Bum Phillips
Making it happen
Congrats on 10 great years. I wish I could have been there to celebrate last night. Here's to many more years...
can't wait for our new neighbors to open! We have been telling everyone about you! #bestneighborhoodintown!
Ack! The expression u use when u realize u picked up someone else's dogs' poop and narrowly missed urs by centimeters
Invest more, spend less RT Dennis McDermott of JPMorganChase says _INVEST MORE in early ed means you SPEND LESS in special ed_
Bottles (and other drink paraphernalia) for holiday giving Tenuta I Collazzi Toscana IGT 2007. "Super Tuscan" might sound like a vino sup
I think they should. Most of the times people don't know they are learning but it should be the museums' goal
I'm in Los Angeles in school and prolly this summer!
Taking a copy of Naturally Thin on my trip to New Orleans - pretty sure I'm going to need it!
true everywhere I go I see people have an iPhone even I have one
Our 200th tweet is a thank you to all our followers and anyone who reads our site! Can't wait to grow even more w all of you!
#shoutout to the "Starrs x South West" #sxsw show sponsors & our hosts &
"Ward, I have a confidential mission that I can entrust to none but you," Mr. Lincoln said.
gabby fr fr . Im soo serious right now .
When something is so vast it's hard to find focus.
Considering writing a proposal for #hewebSYR. Maybe. Possibly. Someone hold me to this.
thanks, Mike!
#SAYSOMETHING is going to be amazing cause Austin's singing it..he makes everything amazing hehe.<3:)
Going in for #1k1hr. It's that or stick my head in the coffee pot and take my chances.
I knew the time would come when you would stop doing ustreams and you would stop tweeting weird things...):
Shout out to my new followers 👍☺
of course! :)
another lazy sunday......wish my old buddies were here and hang out...lol
Specyphi will be on the Radio Tomorrow morning with 96 Rock tune in about 8:25 am ..Call in and request Specyphi...513-834-4095
Just jumped on the bandwagon. I'm in love. Thanks for introducing us, ! Such an awesome talent!
Its almost killing time I better get sharp ...
I remember meeting a little tike, you've changed a lot. Good to hear you hung on to the autograph. Right on.
11th inning base's loaded 2 outs 2 strikes Ramos with the game winning hit!!
no but I should.
're going to do an ustream today? :)
The fear of #Fridaythe13th is called friggatriskaidekaphobia...say that 5 times fast!
Thanks so much ;)
LOLL true. I can't stand Kk either -.-
The one act went like, perfectly.
Have a great Cinco peeps! Xo
bieber fever(:
#Go Dodgers
Watching Charlie's Angels 2 on TV :)
Keeping and his family in my prayers
Very cool streak RT : Re: the Hurricanes' NFL TD streak: We were all ready to highlight #150 on , but couldn't.
Order Online Now! Only 2 days left to receive 20% off your entire online order!
SMOKING IS NOT COOL ANYMORE LIKE IN THE 80s , EVERYBODY SHOULD QUIT...
feel like my heart is pieces
Reassess initial decision to offshore/onshore if environment has changed dramatically in global commerce.
At a talk on motivation w/ & other peeps.
so true, whoever took that pic clearly is an amateur photographer
thanks for the shout out. glad you dig the posters.
“: I wish R.I.P. meant "return if possible.” #RIPAngel 💔
Lame, but got some in. #plankaday. 5 sec.
Need #DairyFree #glutenfree microwaveable rice cereal for mom. Any recommendations?
you're so ugh :/
2mro the greatest match-ups will happen! if says so it gotta b tru!
Start without who?
In case anyone's wondering, yes, my teeth still hurt.
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear you ARE the father!
beautiful day on Mass Ave! TGIF!
But if you're a male homosexual, do you. Just don't come at me with some gay shit.
Haven't had a good dream in a while
your deff not funny looking. lmao. Your cute :)
You are the best. Will you pass it on to wwpr folks for me?
you're welcome :)
...or work. Baffled by people that don't have true friends.
Cool/annoying when searching online for info then clicking on top results leads to stuff I posted...
is that a fish fillet ugh that sounds nasty srry tho
oo now I feel slow lolz
Suggestion – Sixth, Do a very quick activity that involves them in some kind of physical movement. It makes connection with the audience.
im obsessed with the whole album lol especially drummer boy haha
Social leapfrogs search as top online ad choice
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be.
not good I'd rather be a prisoner in Alcatraz.
will you be at the Florida Film Fest in Orlando next month?
Sprite, good. You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
Senior health fair set for Clay County
Thanks Bro - we're having a great time. You'd love this band. I'll send you a record (cd). Happy Globetrotting! Hope 2 see u soon
Kinda what I meant. Or it wouldn't be metonymy...I.e., high-flying fuckheads are like, hello SFO!
its a lil cold today
Playing in Summit, MS tonight Chapel United Methodist Church' 2093 Chapel Drive Summit, MS 39666
Creative and PR teams wrap up a successful shoot in Manila. Off to Italy!
It is not what we have in life, but who we become and what we GIVE, that gives true meaning in our lives.
Don't forget to follow to get the latest & greatest info about our June 13-15 Annual Conference! #AUC2012!
did yogurt cup work to get her down?
Tues tip: Lighten up your key ring...weight can wear out the tumblers in the ignition & lead to ignition switch failure (Via )
Great lineup of rooftop films!
lol you need to hook me up then jdawg!
I appreciate my mom!!!!
": Working out everyday, eating way less. #cantwaittilicansayimskinny" a Me too... summer(:
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
Springbreak t-minus 6 days and counting....
oh nah at Urban Outfitters
We can do music videos for you too! Starting at $500 all the way up to $1 mill!
Homework time, finally! :)
I told my mom if she let me stay home I'd help her clean. Guess who has been sleeping.
15 hours and 15 minutes until #Nanowrimo I am starting to panic.
I know. I kinda wanted to go
Drinking Dreadnaught at Three Floyds Brewery in Munster, IN. Armed with 15 bottles of Marble beer and other good stuff for Dark Lord Day.
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
awesome you where watching the game :) now pretty please upload the video please <3
Tethering with my win7 phone fuck you At&t!:-)
y is #NickMarasAss trending ???!!!???
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
Not all of them yet! :D
Checking out QuickenOnline. Uses the YUI library and has a user experience surpassing that of any desktop financial app.
This #jeopardy blows!
I would like! I want to go to your talk but instead I'll be fretting over gov shutdowns and traveling to nyc. Good luck!
super sexual. Me likey. ;)
yo! You nailed that on the head. Can't stand the guy. Just fight bro. I wanna see him fight u, Andre, Bute or froch!
#BestOfBothWorlds....i thought of Hannah Montana...hehe
Up early fina go get my dl should have been done it
Thank you
looking for an artist to help with the #NotTrashHouston recycle vehicle for the upcoming pride parade
Happy Mom's Day to all the Moms out there but most importantly to my Mom!!!
yes indeed! And all with no fuss!! I am blessed with some talented dudes :)
Can't wait till next year when PCAT gets a distribution check from
yo, that is #dope what's in the package and where is it headed?
Sroka, John Sroka, it's a damn pleasure to meet you.
The first verse of Kirko Bangz "Drank In My Cup" is the definition of #Treated. It's gotta hurt to have another dude talk that greezy to you
Seems the Tribe and I were crossing paths yesterday seeing as I was just IN Minneapolis haha
don't normally listen to the radio but forgot my ipod today and discovered the 2oclock break on behind the breaks, I'm in love!
My application to become a #TillmanMilitaryScholar has been sent downrange. Thank you for your consideration. //
The Goby was wreaking havoc on the local eco-system. The only good thing scientists could say was that it ate a lot of zebra mussels.
still writing my essay. lol, whats #sleep?
ha ha my brotha! Good job as always!!
- Yoshi was a dinosaur not a lizard! geeeeeze #comeon :)
sent info to your UTD account.
You've seen the Avengers 4 times?
ATTENTION!!!!! MY 21ST BIRTHDAY DINNER IS TOMORROW AT CASA OLE @ 5PM ! COME CELEBRATE WITH ME!!!!!!
haha, and no one questions you when they can't even spell what you just made up that you had ; p
I should yeah. Actually might have some other people coming out in May though. Have any dates in mind?
Go outside [no clasrm] with your stds, tell them that millions of youth around the world are crying for classrooms!
Show was success .
Pro-tip:Do not assume, as I did last year, that mentioning your beloved on Twitter will be a sufficient Valentimes gift.
Tip for the new Dirty Dancing movie: Cast a non-stunning lead actress. That's why the 1st was so successful. And why Havana Nights wasn't.
GOAL! We're tied at 8-8!
im about to jam out to sleep... Goodnight
U can't B watching... Kobe is killin more than the flu! RT : Couldn't resist... #fakersflu #Nobe :)
ugh I keep almost putting gabbylovesjb808 but how do I change my bio shit?
Well, at least you were writing book reviews at 12. I mean, how cool is that?
That was likely to set up a slider.
Great news folks, our opening date has been moved up to April 19th Hip, hip hooray!
Thanks for listening! Tune in again at 9pm when we'll re-air Jaime's "Face the Music Tour" show! www.nkairplayradio.com
Hop rhizomes will ship llast week of March or 1st wweek of April. Thanks again for ordering!
We're super excited for the gin meet up - and our handle is :)
lots of work to do before tour...
travelled overseas a bunch. What's up?
Can't wait for #MarkMorrisDanceGroup L'Allegro tonight! Read about it in 20 years ago...
i hate the world and it hates me back may as well just fade to black let me find some kind of peace let all the pain cease. have a nice life
I imagine a lot bloquiaron half moody account but I'm OK I have a little cold but I'm fine and you are telling me :)
I do what you won’t today, so I can do what you can’t tomorrow
You're welcome! RT : #FollowFriday Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
"All I Need Is A Foot In The Door, Dammit Give Me A Toe"!
#ThingsThatILike Partying!!! Oh yeah!!!
"The biggest room in the world, is the room for improvement."
When will he ever realize that I'm the one for him?
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! I hope you're having a wonderful Tuesday!
Hate to add to all the posts, but I really am excited to see The Hunger Games tonight! ;D
Staying at the Hyatt. It's about half a mile from the Renaissance. And I don't think so on C&W. At most, they have next year's
Hello ! Thanks for helping keep NumbersAlive!
you're awesome. Saw you...looked beautiful. :)
I love going to school downtown. It has the best weather compared to other schools in SF.
tearin it up at the chinese buffet lol.
Me 3. My fractional Mohawk is not a rez pass. I respect by not appropriating.
National Signing Day today... Time for something new and exciting! Go Bruins!
Do you know anyone at any venues to get Shamarr into Memphis? They will be busy w/ a week in Brazil & 3 weeks in Central Asia.
What a weird and windy Wednesday it's been! (read: Saturday).
Looks like I'll be posting one of Sunday's poems for #openlinknight . Once I do that I may think of something to write. ;-)
mizz independent I c
thanks 4 following
nigga is rolling balls!
Haha..those are only for ME! ;-)
Cannot wait to check out the newly renovated, Howard theater.
Not only is that particular video my favorite thing to ever come out of the Star Trek universe, it's some motherfucking Space Shiiiit.
$12,990 left to meet our year-end goal TODAY! Thank you so much for supporting us.
There is immense Power in praying simply, "Thank You, Jesus." ~ Jesus Calling
TY : Love and hugs
Day 3: starting in St. Louis, MO and hoping to get to Oklahoma City today. But not before stopping to see the arch first...
i love giving them.
I know a lot of people that quit #fb and joined #Instagram this acquisition brings them back to the (new) big blue.
RT You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.!!
78 degrees in Chicago I am starting to like climate change!!
some bashed wives another blamed philbin hate to Crabtree
Thanks! is the Pastry Chef & is amazing! :)
Frank Ocean
Alright, voting like a crazy person next week for !
I'm gonna miss the KILLA VILLA BABES
Driving down the 105 through scenic Oregon listening to singer/songwriter music from the 70s. Peaceful state of mind.
Count me in, I'll see you after work! Thanks again for all your help this morning!
Lots of yellow cards so far (3). So I added a new question to #SportingExplore: will there be a red card?
that shit was so funny
Appreciate the loved ones in your life.
thank you snooks for not tweeting ur fans to follow so and so and retweet and blahblahblah like all the other celebs I <3 you!
rape conception? really? damnn son thats harsh
Crisis adverted. Next time, can I recommend a shoe?
People who don't know you personally are cheering for you too! Loved "getting to know" you on DWTS!
you can lie, and you can have friends, but don't fucking lie to your friends.
was the only one killing it tonight at hiphop :).
;) that'll do
RT If Mitt Romney holds a 2% lead with women, either the poll is flawed, or they only polled Rushbabes. // or his grandmothers
Whoa.. is endorsing Pepsi? Lol does this mean I havta start drinking that now
#Salute !! RT : Everyone show love to my bro and retweet my last tweet.
So fucking annoyed.
Your invoice is in the mail.
so u wud stay with someone with bad sex n order out lol ok
Gotta love seeing #TV #ads for computer products which disclaim that it excludes Macs. Yet almost every computer shown in the ad is a
Impressed the #1940census enumerator got spelling of Uithuizen, Groningen, Netherlands right as 1935 residence for a family in Los Angeles!
...My first 'query' hit after installing GoogleWebmasterTools-- #8 spot in a search 4 'butt lint'-- Ooh, I feel like a prof. blogger now =D
Dinner w/ Next stop DBA w/ 1/2 & all of
Good game....good game
Ryan Suter seen getting fitted for Red Wings sweater come July 1st. Parise is next.
Thanks to all of you for coming to Beer && Code last night!
I hope all is well with you too! And I will always support lexi :) hopefully I see you guys soon!
Mention this tweet and get 15% OFF all Parts & Accessories through the end of December!
you rock Brian!
BALLIN BALLIN I BE GETTING MONEY.....follow big Bruh
excellent! hope you had a blast
is true. I am sorry to say. on way and in late tonight. you're with Herbie I take it. see you soon!
I'm following 911 people kinda weird...
RT Lindsay2Oh #boston have you taken the climate action pledge? Did you even know about it?
nice! You'll have to tell me what you think. I've hear of some guys liking them, but I'm not so sure yet...
Those who are asking, yes Yung Rizzo is now in the Philippines, upcoming tour dates will be up soon.
Gosh I love Harry Potter weekends on ABC Family so much.
no. Boyfriend is #4 and Turn To You is
Hosting the Blanco II party. Get here early.. Live on the mic and Let's get the party started..
Five hour nap and I'm not complaining... Until tonight at least.
is happy to no longer be trapped in the Holiday Gift Buying #MADNESS!
YMCMB double M we rich forever
A TRUE friend is like a seatbelt, you may not always need them, but they will be there just in case.
RT : Sarah Palin said, "Polls are for strippers." Cute. Guess what Grandma? Birth control pills are for teenagers.
I have been there! I remember it.
i have a few friends who go to the CrossFit gym in Clarendon across from MrDays. They love it.
Liars.....I hate them...I just want to be told the truth for once......
The Big 10 championship game is amazing. What an inaugural game.
My mom "the last movie I saw with your dad was..." My brother in law "Charlie Chaplin?"
thank you! And back to you:)
Oh, yeah thats true. Im class of 2016 -__-
Love hanging out with my mom. She listens to everything i have to say and is always on my side.
I love Fridays!
Against The Law?
#harrison smith packers
if u've got 5 apples in one hand & 6 oranges in the other what do u have?
Can't our scrubs keep their poise?
Blueberry Bliss Luna Bar has got to be my favorite one
"Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass." It is not just a romantic love story. It could be in family, hobby, and buddy
" : New placements of our songs on MTV,ABC,CMT!!!"
I Am!
Ohh need to talk to you
Scuba Steve! Damn you
Love life! #ThankYouLord!
A nerd rock concert at #EC? How could we not have heard of this event until now?
The First Lady (a new gospel musicial) written by Lawrence Floyd. Starring Taimak "Bruce Leroy" from the cult classic film, The Last Dragon.
#FootballThoughts crap I just tripped on the kickoff...i hope nobody saw that...
To place an order send email to with "NX Order" in the subject line. Include the items you want to purchase
I love when people assume I know what I'm doing and I make up not real terms and they nod and say "yepp"
will call?
some nigga my mans know ?
It's strange not having poetry responses to grade this morning.
that was exactly wut i was thinking... after i finished freaking out
RT : ABC, Fox, SpikeTV, NBC, & the Big Screen are the music credits I share with #FF him &
Cause messing with hoes you get stuck. Ironic after sex that's right when you get fucked.
Last day of the month. Why did the name April catch on and not October? Maybe it was in a movie or something. ~ jesse
So proud to be a UK fan. Such a talented group of young men. They deserve this and congrats to Cal. Amazing coach. Finally trophy is back!
nice, maybe we could get some live footage when we come out there with you.
L O L
I AM HAVEING A GOOD DAY I GOT 45 CLIENTS ALREADY AND IT ONLY 12:33AM OMG
Omg !! Tell me more ?? You drunk lol
I'm thinking you might want someone to job shadow you this summer, say the weekend of July 1-3??
For now, an Ellie's Brown Ale, some pistachios, some rest, some research and then back on the road!
I don't understand why the #Bruins physicality has disappeared. Last night, they were out-hit and out-worked by the usually timid Canadiens.
Happy Halloween! Stay safe tonight! We'll see you tomorrow. *cough* ;-)
Or maybe we just start our own tiny desk concerts here! :)
Agreed. Pretty much the best of both worlds!
A special ed gurl at school was trynna fight me haha
So thankful. Jesus paid a debt He didn't even owe just for me and you. Now that's big stuff. Happy Easter! <3
will do, we need to hang out! :)
Hey guys! It's Taylor (Jey's sister) :) What's up?
We have a duty to encourage one another. Many a time a word of praise or thanks or appreciation or cheer has kept a man on his feet. Blessed
Big sunglasses solve some problems.
Good Morning! It's Derby week! What is everybody wearing?
_!_~!. G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
great local #leesburg author with new book coming out in november to follow:
Agreed. There are R. Grants, Blounts always undrafted. Take a chance on young, hungry, UDFAs - not has-beens...
Super excited for sister time with tonight!! Xo :)
is hiring an event planning intern. Thought you might be interested!
(: great minds think a like!
In my new interview with John Wood, he critiques low-residency MFAs, praises #JulianAssange, and refutes history.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it. -- J. Jenkins
haha that's awesome. I got some beautiful pictures of your man Harry Styles for you ;)
Politically, I think that we need to do away with political parties and focus upon people who are best for the job. Divisiveness must go.
could you send a copy of the assignment? I would be very interested to see it.
Thanks for the RT!!
i watched to
thanks.... 100 is on my radar, but need to experience the 50 first and see how that goes. Baby trail steps I guess...
You lucky bastard.
Haircut and then play practice!!/:
i need to get off this emotional ish ughh
We've put our community outreach program in San Diego on hold as we figure out next steps. Stay tuned to for news & updates!
How did we go from "I love you" to not being able to look at one another?
Only took one listen but I quite enjoy the new Best Coast record. Some definite depth and maturity there.
so far my weekend is awesome
I love you babyy! (:
Ugh I miss my bed already
The better part of valor is discretion. ~ William Shakespeare
changing my old ways in new ways 1 day at a time.
Just saw a great performance of Ragtime by a local theatre group in Hudson NY.
thank you! It's like 50 shades of stalker.
This quantitative is so embarrassing.
Looked at old party photos intesting thing i look like a whore in all of them
i keep refreshing the page just waiting to see that little envelope ......Follow me!
Well yeh!! always and forever RT: Thank you SGTC for being there for me. You are my beautiful elites and I'm so proud of you ...
Man sues BMW for 20-month erection after bike ride. Lawsuit is for emotional distress and mental anguish. Hm
:) Looking forward to it, thanks girl! See ya tomorrow
“Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.”~Arnold Bennett
just in time for Draft workouts and apparently you're just up the street!
Want a fancy ceramic coffee mug? Stop by the office - we have one for you!
Do you know where I can find some backgrounds? Dying to find one!
My sister is a freak. Please. Walk around like a pregnant gorilla one more time.
BREAKING NEWS: Mayweather Breaks Hand in Sparring; Fight with Cotto Postponed Indefinitely!
Hi Check with about student involvement and implementation with Project Share.
so much homework, so little desire to do any of it.
I hate that crap.
"Oh you're dating my ex-boyfriend? That's cool. I'm eating a sandwich. Would you like those leftovers too?" I adore you
Listening to Michael Jackson.... actually Im not listening to any music right now I just wanted to post something hahaha
I wish I could end my contract daily
no question! life is full of good intentions, no? :)
So true! RT : #Sales tip of the day: Life is hard by the yard, but a cinch by the inch!
Way to single track the red line on marathon day That took careful planning.
Maybe a grassroots party plan is in order?
Microsoft Works
Don't mind me for the rest of the week..I'll just be crying for the rest of the time in in high school😭
prolly Saturday lol new schedule comes out then
Thank you! Would love your input tonight if you can join us!
Interesting, would love to hear more about what you've found. Grab beers soon.
what's up!
Well, that's kinda how I'm doin' it! The company would be nice and warm, though! :-)
I just finished a 4.12 mi run with a pace of 10'22"/mi and a time of 42:43 with Nike+ GPS.
Adam called his wife's nature Eve, because her impersonalization of evil was the keynote of all living^.
I have a blackberry torch and got a 2 in 1 how do I switch to the other theme?
Using to clean up my address book. Hope it works!
Attention DC Wardrobe & Loc Stylists, #RGIII is officially a Washingtonian and he needs your assistance. BAD!
pretend that said at
It will be my parental triumph as I am learning along w/them! RT : How important is it to teach your kids Spanish?
I think that's right these damn ot rules are fucked up
Beechmont and no trivia
i dont know yet. gonna call Drew and Pef tomr bout noon. sould be a good time
Yesterday I told my sister I'm disowning her
Krav Maga, a potent fighting training, is meant to keep one fit by emphasizing on the natural reactions of the body
I just finished a run of working 12hour days for 25 day straight. Time to do something special for myself. What should I do?
I can't wait till school next year. Atleast I won't be at trap hill .
What is you biggest "tattoo peeve"?
Headed to the broken spoke, for some more authentic country.
ABX is open daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner starting at 9 a.m.!
I hate waiting at the doctors!
It's a very nice day in Austin, hope you all can get out and enjoy it!
Cause yea bitch I am single cause now I am single
I was going throught 's tweets there mostly to haha
what s the good news?
RT I go so far as to think you own the universe.
why u think I'm try to do
RT : "James Howard Kunstler dissects suburbia" - check out his ClusterF*ckNation blog - it's awesome!
Also, most scl comp work I've seen doesn't speak directly to such big debates--mainly focuses narrowly on data w/o much theory
I know, it was a joke that the SI reporter tweeted, at least I think it was, he played pretty awesome considering pressure and drops
keep this in your stallis files "Jerry curl sighting at Ballys this morning #stallisfacts #stallisgymfacts" -()
Sick of these M&M bitches. Yeah, they might look different but inside they all the same.
Boston can't wait for the new show!! Keep spinning and creating songs.Love what you do! #BostonSwag #BostonOnTheRun #FollowBack??
Terrible line out leads to USA turnover
Thank you very much for the suggestion! It's a good one. Anyone else?
Oh, fun! Go E! Hope everyone has a wonderful time!
IT DONT LOOK GOOD LAKERS FANS!!!!!
“: “: PUNKD tonight on Watch me get mr fitz, peeta, and vhud !” ” Ah I can't wait!!!
No one @ work but me finds guy claiming 2 be 1/2 orangutan & screaming @ cops to take him to the 'fusion center' for his monkey blood, funny
thank jesus we are home!! that was a long car ride.
Woohoo! Its a sighting of the little tokyo bike ballerina guy!
I love working out and women, but i am a #nerd at heart. cant wait for some
RIP #GT51 - thoughts and prayers are with you, your family and the Gopher football family.
I'm focusing on the dirty martini to clear my head before I go back to hang myself... oops I mean more boards
Yup! Can't wait until #TheLakeShow steal game one!
Thanks; looks like a great read for my games class this fall.
checked out my daughter's grades yesterday and I'm a proud poppa. she has been holding steady with a 3.0 gpa the whole year.
Still following 13 people Will today be the day you will make me the 14th person you follow?
“: Don't end up in a roadside ditch, Pittsburgh.” Hah yes. Literally chuckled out loud.
Softball later
But she was no angel so we never waited
I didn't know he was on the soundtrack of #ThinkLikeaMan. He sounds good though. How is the baby?
Jesus knows I didn't want to go to school. Good lookin out. 💙
How is it only Tuesday?
Volatility will get crushed this Friday, with 4th of July weekend coming soon. Sell call and put options, collect theta.
WORLD PREMIER The Kid Bre album Rookie Of The Year 3-17-12 available for free download on Thekidbre.com, datpiff.com. 2012 begins
Listening to WMYB, missed Zayn's solo, restarted WMYB.
oh, right! twitter!
Set your goals higher than your dreams, have no limits
LOLOL PhiPhi you were actually the ONLY non-winner in the finale... ouchie! She'd cry so hard her snaggle tooth would show.
I FEEL LIKE making a BIG OLE pot of greens with some cornbread on the side... And for the sake of being EXTRA blk kool aid as my drink
been trying forever it seems to reach someone so I can buy a gift certificate ! Please email me :(
Where is my invite for FL???
Damn that's fucked up you tell yo parent?
So are than and then. Don't get me started. RT : Fact: worse and worst are two different words. You know, like dumber and dumbest.
i love this song,she is really good <3 and beautiful :))
agh everyone stop talking about #SherlockPBS! while we're at it, don't talk about the Avengers, either.
Just watched the story about the #AngerRoom on #Nightline and LOVED the woman who created it. Too funny and super-clever!
" I love Restaurant Week Columbus "
back from track:)
Again!? Are you hooked now? I'd join, but I'm taking my mom out for dumplings, then I have a meeting after.
loved it!
What! What! RT : U gotta follow and
you couldn't have put it any better - thank you!
Oh baby baby it's a wild world, it's hard to get by just upon a smile
RT: "Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment." - Bono
#EverdayIThinkAbout Being Blessed To Be Alive Each & Everyday , <3 :)
Im so bored iwent to target ystrday and spent 60 bucks!!! XP gonna go listin to my new cd now<3
That's what I'm thinking. Its from 7-10 so I'll just get there at 9 or so. Lol!
. Ask all Dem Questions !
I hope JCP is paying her a stupid amount of money because Ellen DeGeneres is awful in those commercials
did you just diss yourself ? wait lol
you went to City Tavern? I'm jealous--didn't get to it, and I love that place.
Im doing good and yeah I am, I want winter to come.
Thank you, Michele Bachmann, for drawing the media's attention away from Sarah Palin.
Lakers vs Hornets tonight! 3 in a row?
“: Well, it's "Fat Tuesday." But for a lot of America that just means "Tuesday." Zing!
you dont stat until 6 now, stay up!
A huge thanks to & Johann De Nysschen for sponsoring 2011 Challenge. Looking forward to a beautiful day and a great ride.
I need to smoke a fuking blunt!
I watch ur show and im so proud of you both. you guys are so pretty and respectful to yourselves. god bless always
Incorrect #IntorvertsOnSocial RT : Everyone on Twitter is an extrovert.
Is that you, or the consumption talking?
Sounds like there probably isn't a license installed; any type is required for pause cues.
EVERBODY HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Nice one handed grab by Dan Majerle! Get than man a glove!
Back home in ATL!
how about a follow?
and if so, misapplication or bad application isn't a reason to not have those laws. Keep it tight and simple.
Damn that nap >>
Nipple marks.. hahahah:)
Hey T, thanks for the interview. Let me know when I can come back.
I really wanted to stay asleep today, wtf
I rediscovered my love of Golden Grahams tonight.
Come hang with Calvin Evans. #comedyshowcase at the Linger Martini Bar
I pick both! Hehe RT : Indy or Pacers, who u got?
boat noodle hits the spot! I'll try the jade noodles next time.
i saw a status on facebook a few hours after i asked. haha
Conflict resolution learnings at Kellogg school of Management
what isnt ethnic? Mashed potatoes.
Is there a hashtag for the GBCAN conference? Maybe #gbcan ?
Wikipedia now supports 283 languages & was the first to start the trend of providing multilingual content through its contributors.
We'll also have bottles of SmartWater Zero for our sassy swappers compliments of Kim
Just did my first blog post on blog. So much fun. It was Truth or Dare. I did Truth.... (1/2)
Pizza is seriously the best invention ever.
Ur love is my drug <3
We hope you guys like our t-shirts as much as we do! Keep supporting us, we appreciate it!
follow and please :D x86
my joy. Ty!
Sitting back waiting
": Aye S/O To My Bestfriend For Bringing Me Home, I Love You Brother <3"love you too sister I got you
I can't believe i studied 3 DAYS NON-STOP and still got this grade, I am not taking this I want a freakin' recount or something
u should have asked for patron lol
And this makes 30 officially signed for #Timbers: TIMBERS ACQUIRE FORWARD SEBASTIÁN RINCÓN on loan for the 2012 MLS season.
Today couldnt have ended any better(:
how has being a coach changed your thoughts about managing some day?
When does an open tab finally shift into the I'm-never-going-to-read-this-article-and-I-should-just-close-it-and-move-on-with-my-life realm?
i don't either but she is very lucky and if she hurts him she will be attacked by 21+million Beliebers!! LOL
hat channel
Wishing our readers a Happy #Passover from Jerusalem!
lol you're funnier than your brothers
I think you nailed it. I need something about being open to negativity.
Just Googled myself. It's interesting that my LinkedIn+portfolio site come up earlier in search than my Twitter, even tho I post there less
FYI - special election for Leesburg Town Council on Tuesday 4/17. Grab one of our fine local papers and read up the candidates & vote!
Bulls looking good
Feel like being totally inspired? This movie might change your life... Watch "FORKS OVER KNIVES" right now
Name 10 children…that you know…that would be great in their own "Black" television show?…(first names or nicknames only please).…….
Bentutensil is now varifying plans to play an outdoor show in battleground august 21. please come check out details on facebook and myspace.
Thanks Harold for RTing!
Recession hits home. Looking for freelance and/or something more. Need Flash design/programming? Website design? Gig posters? DM me!
Seriously. Rush hour is a major shock for me now.
I'm indestructible.
Sounds great! Where?
2 weeks from today im no longer a teenager....damn
Can you please follow me or tweet me it would mean the world to me im not having a very good day and it would make me happy.
Just change it. ;)
I get the games in digital (HD) format, but they're 1.5-4 GB in size...
A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results. B. C. Forbes
rally for tax justice begins in ~1/2 hour, stay tuned for pics, video
Welcome back Phonathon callers and a special shout out to our new callers! Start the year off right and make a gift to the RISD community!
QT : keeping it cool in the kitchen. Get a brown bag dinner for the crockpot Building PotPie with sis
no you are! Xp
there the best lol. ": the shows my mom watches on lifetime <<<< .."
This summer me and my wife to be better reconnect lol...
Think ima get somebody to do my nails tonite!
My baby just texted me =)
please tell me you are going to tweet that picture?
Please tell all your wealthy art collector friends to come to Hager-Smith Design in Raleigh and purchase one or two or three paintings.
But... I don't think you're aware of how much I love you.
Lookin' good Bob. RT : What's wrong with this tweet?
I've never seen a corona used in that manner before
But yes, we *must* get together & catch up. I'm flexible, we can work around yr schedule. Any days off?
omg i luh u.
Bellydancing tonight! First time dancing with zills!
*grand theft auto anonymous group* Hi Ben
I had my daughter when I was 40. I had a healthy pregnancy & have a wonderful child. -Diane Reiss,Biopsychology, on kids & science.
In ISS bored as fuck -_- This is the dumbest shit ever and I got three days of it. Cooll
Singer Etta James was released Thursday from the hospital - James is battling the final stages of terminal leukemia, as well as dementia
Volunteer freelance work or DnD planning...volunteer freelance work or DnD planning...decisions, decisions.
New York is live tonight (:
Love hearing that!!
I have to find quality help soon
Some people take social networking to serious. HEY LOSERS "You are NOT famous!" Why not #FollowBack!
picking out cute outfits for photos is probably one of my favorite things to do.
No wifi?!?!?! You need to get that shit checked out!
me too looked at moving there but 2 expensive
follow back(: Id be grateful!
customer service dept should actually read refund request instead of trying to ignore it on a trumped up technicality
legge may or may not be in a ride. Jake query tweeted legge would take ROP Thursday but he didn't give an engine.
cool! Festival of Nations in my Lex In The City seg today on Fox, great event...for cultural crafts too :)
High Noon for John Eddie. You should be here too!!
All right tweeps...its #FF follow friday. So be sure to show the love to and Happy Friday!
But anyway...
I bet College Park subscribes. Take advantage!
Hey #pens fans. I want to go to the practice at southpoint to see the practice tomorrow. What time? Any hints for meeting any players?
You should all read my last tweet and do it! Come on!
l LOVE IT <3
Oh cool!! That's soo much fun, is there a place we can see current entries?
And we're off! is now getting started talking about Ruby on Rails.
My day started out really well and than it just went downhill...
Time for a hot tub and glass of red wine?
lol I think that's what meth is for
I wondered the same. Think everyone commenting are the folks rooting against the Cards.
So do you just spam that in hopes someone will realize that you didn't actually give them klout and give you +K anyways?
Try to get some writing done b4 school starts. As a procrastinator I have found Freedom helpful: macfreedom.com
Hammy is a beaasssssttttt
What was she thinking !?
Percy came to at today...most of the rest of the #Vikings seem checked out.
The Devil Inside looks so lame... I'd rather watch Beetlejuice tonight!
I'm a fan of blue monk and coles. great bars. Was at Jack Astors last night with Nugget infused with nugget hops from the brewery
oh yea that is memorial day weekend! I'm with my boo that weekend: Beyonce!!! 😁😁😁
That means we beat you guys! haha. Did you play that game?
I hate everyone who lives Florida right now
slept the whole day
Awe Okay well yup That's What's Being Sold & Of Course My House...
Doc said Claritin for 2 yr olds... a little Delsym... and STILL not working :( He wakes up every night at 12:30 coughing.
It is strange and sad to accomplish something significant and not have parents to rejoice with you.
Attending a Ready2Model event on Thursday! It's a different kind of gig...details to come. Have a Wonderful Monday All ;)
Sound checking at 12th & Porter. Make sure to come out to our last show in Nashville for a spell!
My itunes account doing numbers lol
Ty!: Thanks and for setting a standard of board excellence. You and Tim Grant inspired me today!”
(step two in a little bit =)
your welcome very happy you enjoy our vodkas. Have a great day.
one of the only people having a busy president's day: doris kearns goodwin
Manville vs. Brotown: Battle of the Lunch Tables
Knowledge, as a form of power, is dangerous and always destructive in the possession of the foolish and unjust!
Agreed. And I'm gonna add some "W"s: EWWWWWWWW!!!!!
oh dear. Ok. Keep me posted?
me(: you should go.
": I love to death!!!!! #mybabe ALWAYS there. #realnigga" real recognize real
Im starting a May Day annual motorcycle run twitter account. Please RT this into everyone you know. We would like to get the word out.
Forgetting the avocado on my GF sandwich is not a nice surprise deli people. I feel incomplete.
Get it RT Don't be a fuck. Go follow Death of an Era on instagram for all the hottest pics ;) username: DeathofanEra
Stirred up? What an "intelligent" answer. LOL. That's gotta be freaky! And I'm so with you with the whole bottled water thing
Hey I'm the Newest Baller on Twitter! Follow me!:)
Is it bad that I keep some people's phone numbers in my cell just so I know not to answer when they call.
Long time, no tweets! ;) How's Fall 2011 treating you?
let's do something tonight ladies and gent. No way I'm staying home bored tonight.
haha I still have that magazine.. I can't read the article though cause its in Spanish haa
Not you.. The bed... But ok, not sure how big you've gotten lol,
I just did that one on my own around the bay here. I want to sign up for a real one with bibs and chips and everything soon.
Morning Ms.Kimble! Another day of hair,but that is why we love our craft! Because we could not imagine doing anything else!
tHiS MoMent <3 *.*
it was amazing! I didn't find any ghosts, but the energy was spellbinding. I took a bunch of pics on instagram :D
#fridayreads from another local publisher "Weighing In" by Julie Guthman pub by
Just keep it close to halftime, we can regroup and execute new game plan in 2nd half.
I hate when I'm laying on the floor and trying to move my legs out my cats way when he just walks the direction I'm moving in. Bastard!
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book. ~ Groucho Marx
My 11 yr old prayed that kids who don't know Christ, & think it's cool, find Him..."cause you can't be cool without Christ." Amen, Noah.
bahahaha... Yeaaahhhh, clearly I should have told the story FIRST then said what happened.. oh well
day 3 of my isagenixs diet. Hit me up in 9 days for a beer.
consist of unlocking a door that isn't locked
We appreciate all your support! Please take a moment to "like" WowSouthFlorida on Facebook. Have a great day! :-)
Who is
Hey glad u like all my runs, u run too?
work work work
Digital artifacts can help explain a concept easily- lesson plans not necessarily best tool for educators
the usual, isn't it?
Good morning all you sexy people!!!
GUESS whose going to Manhattan College right next to CMSV where we can be bffs :)
GM Tweoples we back @ it!
Aight ima send them Gmail .gotta clean em a Lil bit more
You are perfect in every way. (:
That's awesome! What's your favorite thing to use it on?
you are amazing! You love Ed & Henry Rollins!! Best friends it is!
Having a good day and you walk into your chemistry class and your mood totally changes
Really you're all the way in Tampa and you're calling me about shit that hasn't even happened.
How did the Blazers blow that one tonight?
Death takes is the moment we relinquish control to outside forces.
Architecture arouses sentiments in man. The architect's task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.
I smell like chlorine and lotion. 😖
So for Android users,, how often does the android os get updates? when was the last update:? haaai
#15peopleilove Chelsea Love.
We were in Mexicali more than 10 years ago,and it was Amazing ! Incredible audiences,looking so much forward 2b there again, can't wait !
omg that sounds so yummy!
ahhhhhhhhj I wanna see him!!!
I stand corrected, but barring the improbability of Denver losing 3 in a row the Suns control their own destiny.
100th Anniversary of the Titanic. People gone, but never forgotten.
Morning #cuppa: River Place Rose green #tea by - romantic rose petals & jasmine nestled in
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver ~ Maya Angelou RT
Thank you for the follow back as well!
reminds me to stay strong <3
After a fatty meal , the gym sounds like a good idea . let's do it !
Gamel is one hell of a hitter! It's going to be fun watching him this season.
Melvin Ingram, DE/OLB, S. Carolina. Jags gotta start somewhere, dude can get to the QB, something Jags struggle to do.
I miss lucy.
"thanks little mother" rofl
yes! Tell her i say hello. She was supposed to give me a ride too. Ha
I downloaded 12 of their songs yesterday...
if you follow me i'll buy you a unicorn, but you'll have to come to Chicago to pick it up cus shipping and handling is expensive.
tagged a couple pics to you on FB! ;)
How many of u can guess if the right answer Do I smoke weed? Yes or no What do u guys think
Sitting in my room listening to the rock it out playlist on my iTunes trying to be happy :)
Short skirt and a long pancake?
very good to hear, tell him to tweet more, he fell off my twitter radar.
still up working on my pitches
#ColdChills “: #41- damn this a great song ”
more than expecting.
To all the women on twitter Happy Intl Woman's Day!
I am by my self
I swear, I will never forget how he broke my heart. But I promise he will never forget how I found someone to fix it.
Girls who act dumb on purpose <<<<
#Scandal #ABC congrats, love this show, you ladies ROCK!!!
you can also email directly - let us know your site and we can take a look at the support login issue. Thanks!
I think we have to understand, and he has to understand, how it happens and continue to apply
Your importing options are really easy to use (and pretty fast too). Nicely done. Now on to copy.
Second lunch meeting over. And by "lunch meeting" I mean "meeting scheduled during lunch," not a meeting providing lunch.
If it's too late for that, then don't let them trick you into putting your pants back on. Go big or go home.
what's up man how is the acting?
Girls local vball results: Midlo over Monacan, JRHS/Clover Hill, Matoaca/Pr Grge, Steward/St. Margaret's, St. Catherine/St. Gertrude
When will this team make the leap past medicority
#AskAlexConstancio did you just read this tweet?
in just a few more day's plz
Of course, I don't tell them I usually SPEND more on dolls than I make. *whistle*
well my name shouldn't have been in UR anything!!! U don't kno me!!!
putting off thinking about/realizing the 'G'-word, ;) Good luck with everything, Rob
i get so pissed off when someone calls me when i'm sleeping
Summer means nothing to me. Just heat strokes, and a lot more work
you guys have to win… like it must happen…. :)
So a couple of geeks at work stood over my desk and talked about who I should be more afraid of. I'll say again:
A low "carb" diet: Good for us, and good for the planet.
Thanks for sharing your metrics process and admitting how much work it is!
acceptable substitute.
I can never depend on people god damn
Don't judge me unless you know me. Don't underestimate me unless you've challenged me. Don't talk about me unless you've talked to me.
Listening now #hurly gurdy man by the iconic
I will come and hang this Saturday!
Kids Cooking Videos These kids cooking videos are a great way to teach kids (and adults) how to cook. Use these videos to make fun recipe
Bro do you know much about Dubai?
Faith is the vision of the heart; it sees God in the dark as well as in the day.
Ugh...moving. My next three weeks cannot move quickly enough.
Meow, the nationally famous 39-pound cat, has died of pulmonary failure in a Santa Fe animal shelter. Last Thursday, he had begun wheezing.
Im so glad i found out about Austin and I because a Mahomie. Im so much happier now!
ya'llz better get better. i dont want that ish all up in ma face u feel.... im kidding baby, i love you and get better<3
or at least until you pee...
Love is on my list of things to do
In Motley, at Lexi's game...
like when you see super feminine shoes at Nordstrom excited????
it sure is
“: When my youth leader comes up to me and says "Your new boy is cute, I seen him on Facebook with you!" >>>>>”
LOVE UR VIDS! especially Justin's curretn voice Kiss and TELL
Fear feeds the devil but faith feeds God
Wish i was in NYC right now for the tree lighting
Everyone, go follow ! She will follow back!
Hi baby I miss you iam still in Atlanta waitin on you to get out miss you baby
what is it?(:
that is quite possibly the most offensive thing i've ever seen. my determination to hate you is renewed.
es & shes like hurry up & find it bcause myh dad gave it to her when they started dating &stuff #valuablestuff :(
Everyone can have a unique message of their own of course. ^^ Though when you guys show your ideas I can't help but think "Not a bad idea.".
Hows it going? Did you see I found you on squidoo and read a few of your lenses?
Old man, look at my life, I'm a lot like you were.
#stronger on repeat tonight 🎵🎤
I am lol it's just bruised
oh cool, thanks for sharing - ill check it out!
It is still winter time, y do i c people with shorts on this early n the mornin and its only 42 degrees. It's no where near 70 yet
it only takes one? I want to live there!
Happy Mothers Day!
Gerber Walking Dead blades make great gifts. Bought 3 Gator Pro machete as gifts, 2 if you consider I bought one for me.
Sweet. I have the #pocketwizards, no worries. I will chat @ you later. I should really think about going into
AH! That is exciting! Which locations are you thinking about?
We all love you too <3!! Be ICONic ... Right There.. Yeah Buddy!!!
Do you mean main character or lead actor? If the latter, one obvs. answer might be "Dr. Who." That's a strange case, tho.
narrative made THE SCORCHERS more exciting than first person... Time to proof it
Stop by for cupcakes and coffee in Suite 1507 of the We are celebrating our new award winning collection!
Been waiting three weeks for my ProA12's. The anticipation is like Christmas morning!
When you lie the lie get worst there's no way to Stop it! :-( it 's all my fault. So so sorry
is your BBM still down?
show is great...it started off great and I know it will end great.... :-)
RT : 3 audition cities down..1 to go! LA ARE YOU READY?!?!?!
LMAO I think the same thing. Why haven't we been back? It was all Cold War bullshit
good morning Vin! I'm good! How's your work?
!!What's up DENVER!! We can't fuckin wait to see all u wicked mother fuckers at the Gothic on Sunday!! It's gonna be a sick ASS show!
damn caf food got my stomach acting all funny..smh!
I try to do that in weekend-long increments each year, it seems. A great eating city.
Still into highschool girls I see. Sicko. Hey, guess my phones autocorrect is still right.
#Perry has moved on to thanking people and giving shout outs
Loved loved loved the Vatican comment....
#sacscoc NeXt Gen utility imperative=no information without application
Artists remember to visit the opportunities and resources tab on our website on a weekly basis!
I always think #ShamelessProductPlacement but secretly hope #don'tlabelme
Have to say, it's pretty sweet to have a business concept that can be run from an iPad.
heyy.. I hope you have a good day mahomie!#yee I <3 you....
Cleaning my room and putting ALL the things away. Then homework, band, and more homework.
Just as I were to officially place this week into the L column, announces .fun playing the Oasis. Woo!
What are/did you ordering?(:
Movie theaters make me sleepy!!!
A beautiful Friday in Colorado. The birds are chirping, the sun is shining & all seems right. I wish I could share my peace w/the world.
So not ready for show choir performance tomorrow!
i'm doing well as always!
Bout to go swimming
I just knocked again and someone looked out at me. I couldn't tell if it was Chris or not.
On the plane sitting next to a baby that has clearly mastered the art of non-stop crying.
s/o to this silly ass foo here from Knox Town
On the phone with :) . He's madd Cool
This movie sucks
Why is so great at the beginning of the flight and so slow at the end? And why is CAPTCHA necessary?
Cultural Heritage community needs to work on explaining value of Linked Open Data
Yes! Excited about this organization and the opportunity. Thanks!
The aggregate of weak ties can create strong impacts. => You learn from people you don't know well.
Happy Chinese New Year, especially to fellow Dragons (1976)!
“Just being awesome.” — Chris Bosh, on what he’ll be doing on the Heat’s bench tonight. via
Nearly blew a gasket watching the #Lakers last night. Up by 2 going into the 4th quarter means we usually win, not get out scored by 9.
I don't understand why girls put in so much effort to look cute at school. Who are you trying to impress?
Who are you and what have you done with John Klima? ;)
let my no my dude
OAP integration with Ultracart has stopped working over 4 days ago.This is getting embarrassing... Refund requests and all... :(
srry cause i move srry im so srry do u 4 give me
Took a half mile walk this morning in beautiful Keystone, CO. Gasp. I need oxygen. Living in MD has depleted my red blood cell supply.
thanks for the RT love!
oh hell no. I'm pulling up in school now :l
Rocco's tacos weak drinks....
WHIP CREAM WALLSTREET......Also FUN !!!!!
RT I feel lazier than the guy who drew the Japanese flag.
What a semester this has been! Between teaching, job market, and writing, I've missed my Twitter cohort. Hope everyone has felt productive.
my science teacher was like people was talking about the doomsday shit and how something was gone happen today lol damn
Maybe, but certainly not too late for a post meeting drink.
coolest 2 days of my life. Red or blue, you gotta love these boys. Pretty stand up of you, Ev. Thanks.
M... Victor from Dance Moms is perfection. :)
Why I love Mos Wanted Crew. ❤
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Theodore Roosevelt
Patron you my nigga .
OverDrive Tutorial: Downloading E-Books is being held at the Main Library on May 19th at 12 p.m.
#Beukes, Zoo City. A reviled minority in near-future dystopian Johannesburg has familiars and magical talents. Cyberpunk meets urban fantasy
thank you, i thought it was too much at first ! lol
People can't handle the truth.
your welcome :)
“: i'm feeling sexy & free.”
she likes guys that are older than me = she likes guys who have done half of what i've done in twice the amount of time.
tired sleepy wtf
Sikk side and this Shit is history in the making fool
Hopefully my food is done in the oven soon
Hey, I hear you have something in common with Ryan Seacrest.
Hi......i m a big fan....plz tel me how cum u r so short but so hot
Hey US Muslims, SPEAK UP! If you love the US then stand up for it.
well go ask cause aunt tang wants to know and I told her I was going already
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing following what they see and become a leader on what they wanna do
I wish my love life was like an Al Green song...
okay, well now I feel stupid..
The latest Woodburn High School changes next w/Tim Riley
Worst part about seeing musicals is laying in bed in the middle of the night w/ the songs stuck in your head. "he had it coming.."
This reminds me of a quote from the movie The Big Lebowski: "The Dude: That rug really tied the room together."
Off to New York to see how much food I can sample in five days!
If you play connect-the-dots with the stains on my shirt, it reveals a picture of a grown man who needs to use a bib.
Said the exact same thing on the petition that's circulating. We deserve to know how this happened and what'll happen next.
Yeah, having to weave through throngs of tourists when I'm trying to get somewhere in a hurry sucks. A lot!
Looking for best Japanese restaurant in town? #miku across convention center #AERA12 #AERA2012 simply orgasmic
The poor will freeze/die of heat stroke if they turn off that coal fired power plant. "Green" electricity cost 900% more.
#MyWorldTourMemory when I say Justin you say bieber. Justin.. Bieber.. Justin.. Bieber. When I say one you say time, one.. Time.. One.. Time
Live with p-s on mainstream a-z. random stuff to be heard from all of us at to all of you. stop by.
only four days until strawberry season begins. yum!!!!!
Watching "The Seven Year Itch," then going to bed. <3
Damn my city needs to be on. Niggas getting racks to spit garbage.
wow jazmin you mad it seem really dumb aint that.dog there??
WE D.J.'s HAVE TO KEEP THE TORCH LIT, WE R THE HEARTBEAT OF THE HIP HOP CULTURE!!!!!
I wanna get a couples massage for me and my boo:-)
i agree with you
packing up for the NYC book launch
To the person singing loudly in the unit upstairs: shut up.
um im not black. im mixed. thanks! :)
Do u ever wake up in the middle of the night n wonder if the one person u truly love is thinking about u like ur thinking about him or her
very productive for a change, lol =) and yours?
Link popularity analysis tools-check who's linking to you and your competitors. Popular tools: SEOMoz and MajesticSEO, says
THANK U HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY I JUST WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS
Broke 2 of my cardinal rules for church clothes. I let my son wear shorts & I wore flip flops. In my defense, they are leather & sequined.
I was sampling. I didn't eat it all, lol
Is it wrong that I'm seriously considering making an reservation based on whether the host is involved in a #startup?
America's Got Talent former starEli Mattson is at Ivory Room tonight! 7:30pm, doors open :30pm...we still have tix left get them at th ...
RT : Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year? Show your support for #BullyMovie and RT - movie opens tomorrow...
#oomf just txt me and thats my word i was about to txt him first !
can you PLEASE send a shout out to Chula Vista! thank u
If follow me I will die I already had a rt by him I almost died but when he follow me I will die
you're welcome ma'am
Can't sleep. Nothing good on tv.
Ah, I never went with that union shit chief! RT : u guys paint in the union?
Varitek is mushing him with a catcher's mitt while wearing a mask and full gear.. Bahhhston would take pride in that
Bass is knocking my shirt
Free promotion for followers. Hundreds can be got fast. Try it out. do you follow4follow? let's trade. :) <3 u
not the indoor soccer I play!
I love smallvllie lois and clark belong together
My mom=Wow!:P
Just back from a night hike!
lol, i wish i stayed home today
that's a piece of what we need you to deliver for us- u streaming it?
Last night was a blast at The People's Choice Awards.
Very talented group of middle school musicians from Dana performing before the meeting. Great stuff!
Have fun at the game! RT Blackhawks game tonight
Hm. Ok. I'll have to think about it, I guess. Thanks Marlow!
we're working on it, thanks for bearing with us!
I really wanna go Thrifting today.!!
Grenades were invented in China over 1,000 years ago.
I'm not looking forward to working this black friday..
I'm ahmazing! You?
to your job? Or the new one?
Watched #RedState (again) by the genius that is - Just as badass the 2nd time around.
You're welcome and have a great day too!
Your idiotic belief in The Bible doesn't preclude other's civil rights.
U kidding me Durant!!??
Bord as hell !
Eyy guys! So It would be super epic if you followed because he is super fricken amazing! I will give you a cupcake if you do!
TONIGHT: pork belly; spiced Lamb T-bones; bacon wrapped monk fish w/shrimp cream sauce; Berkshire pork chop w/ forest mushroom sauce.
What is a pocketbook? It's either a purse or a bag you dumb bitch. Pocketbook makes no fucking sense!
ok, standby please. i'll check this
lol ok im fina inbox uh
can you DM justin bieber for me please ?
yes!! Congratulations, guapa!!!
One week from today, we'll be getting ready for another amazing First Steps to Success event in Chicago. What will you be doing?...
I just bought the mac book air and not sure why I didn't have one before.
Have a great vacation! Happy early Easter, if ya celebrate!
Honestly, that's would be my biggest concern as well.
its close but dew
Thanks to for the opportunity to sit on the ECE panel during their "Classrooms to Capitol Hill" conference today!
Ha! That would be a mess. LOL!
they might not hang around the whole season, but the Mets are fun as hell to watch this year.
Happy New Year from LB Hydrobikes! We have some fun things in store for 2011!
HOLY SHIT. *finally* built a contact importer. No big deal, I've only been waiting for this for five years.
"Conceptual objects tell the story of the research." Smithsonian presentation on repository-enabled VRE at
I'm not hungry
Ancestry.com's wild card searches not working. Using an asterisk for birth place, nothing found. Anyone else experienced this? GRRRR!
I also wish you could send me 15 ibs of chocolate. To share, of course.
listening to Circa Survive. Anthony Green's voice<3
Or ignore me. That works too I guess.
- Thanks for following
yes! I'm scared to see how big he gets when he hits puberty... I have my cat to protect me :3
Hi again, TR needs 1 person from every state in the USA, earn commission just by tweeting more info
aww thanks sam! I'll miss you too  I'll bring you back something (:
I just entered win to a XPS 13 #Ultrabook from
Ayers: "Mapping shows us where things did not happen as much as where they did happen."
I got hacked. DO NOT open any links from me. Changed my password. Damn those hackers...
Big day! #SMBFW and #USFFW alumni panel with and twitterless JSims on video in our jobs/life.
Best of show goes to ! For their Scion interactive game and site. Congratulations!! Time to celebrate!
You Beautiful , You Have Sexy Lips :) And Your Name !
Redneck sin number 1 "saying the pledge without your hand on your heart"
mwa thanks love me too! Very happy about I and in the end the results will be worth it 😁
Housework, work, work. Turn on computer and schoolwork, work, work. Turn off computer and back to housework.
Any Portland psychologists want to explain our fascination with the 4th of july and more specifically why we enjoy things that blow up?
hey beautiful ;) hah
eyes wide shut
I'm dying right now. Oh Pell no!
Bumpin That New Miguel Song Called "Quickie"......I May Have To Remix It -Breeze DTA...
So is your face.
Yup - refs so anti-Saints! RT “: F the refs. , seriously look at that strangling of Brees.”
oh a new thing. don't wanna put a label on it just yet - I understand. I have a younger sister, you?
Do you guys have events that you need EMS support onsite?
Really not feeling the fun for today
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
RT from Iran: Unconfirmed - the military has refused orders to shoot protesters -
Da paparazzi took a photo of Whitney Houston dead in er casket and sold it to the national inquirer,,,do u still wanna be famous???
I was wondering if you could settle something for me, do you tip on takeout?
I'm going to be in Los Angeles on Mon and Tues of next week. If people are about in the late evening, it might be nice to say hello :)
Wish me luck. Details some other time.
ms. you have such a lovely voice. this is the reason y i love u so much. #tears. you r the sexiest rapppin white girl i've seen.
glad you didn't die
first lesson math? me too :/ but tomorrow i have two math, horror :( ♥
Good call on Bishop's part to avoid distorting the ballot
#FF , In the military, thanks my friend...
he works at the carnival with tbone, mr. B and the crackhead pro shop worker
Want to do lunch?
#Boyfriend no.1 on iTunes! :D Proud of you
Everybody has great ideas.The successful act on them.
come Friday with us Seth
If you don't know how to properly put your condom on then come to my bed and I will show ya on my stiffy. Then insert in the exit. ;-)
Natural Health and Wellness Radio Product Profile Mar - Vitalizer & Omega Guard on www.ESHKRadio.com.
Congrats to the 28 African American boys from Oakland who received perfect scores on the 2011 STAR exam. You are our future leaders! -HG
Holy shit Cat/Man and skeleton dragons?! This game is badass.
Night TweetHearts <3 lovin' this thunder&lightning! Makes me sleep like a baby!
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
Over bleacher report and twitter. I've never actually met him in real life lol.
awesome day, better night!!!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW..............
Style Test Drive: We Catch Scarlet (Hair) Fever! Red has definitely been the hottest hair color of 2011 —and it doesn 't look like the
can't sleep :(
This Homeless Dude On West Rd Sign Say "To Ugly To Be A Prostitute And To Pretty To Be Poor Help Me"
you guys should do sweet tuu
did you know there was a great game that was played today
Preparing to teach Chehov's short story "Enemies" tonight at San Quentin Prison.
play your best without gamesmanship and let chips fall where they may. If your #integrity doesn't impress them, nothing will.
Did you get into the series FlashForward when it was on a couple years back?
#JustRememberThat "We are what we repeatedly do. #Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
About to set up at the WH BrewFest... Come out and see me in VIP!
Today in #actualPRpitches: "***TRULY APPRECIATE IT IF YOU CAN POST ONLINE. THANKS!***" in huge red letters. The news? A movie showing in CA
Lady Antebellum & Darius Rucker are coming to rock you in Bank Of Oklahoma Center Tulsa, OK on 1-27-2012. Get your tickets now: 888-493-0004
O, that makes me wanna fap it!!
Hey whats Jim doing? Awww dang. He's getting milk from that cow like a baby calf.
I miss being 21 :(
SO MUCH TO DO.
you were my first.
I Obey! RT : The rulebook!! OBEY THE FLOAT!!
There is no place like NYC in the world. It is a great experience for a young person.
has anyone used phpBB (instead of Ning or a university CMS) for discussions in online classes? any other discussion platforms I should try?
Does Jenn tweet much anymore? Her tweet handle never populates 4 me and I don't know it completely off top of of head lol sparklez something
No one knows how I feel about you but you, But no one understands why I still go back to you after you hurt me the way you did..
The burning fire smell just hit the office with a vengeance and boy is it nauseating.
