I'll start a new card line for people like us. "Hey Dad, Mom's eye healed up real good! Oh yeah, It's Father's Day" :P
Heading to see Band of Horses at the Fox. Pretty excited!
Just finished speaking at the NAFA Technical Seminar on Integrating Social Media in Your Marketing and Customer Relations Effort.
oh yeah, baby! Just when you think hair couldn't get bigger. I looked like a blonde version of Hagrid from Harry Potter. Not hot.
Get to know us and each of our personalities better on our personal accounts: and
Don't know but I find the NYPL or other public libraries may provide that though specific channel delivery.
Can some one tell me why I cant get a boyfriend? I bet its cud I'm too ugly!
I'm a vegetarian. No fish too. But I will not rest until I see your bloody remains on the palm of my hand, mosquito.
Naming your friend 'Justin Bieber' so when they text u it says 'new message from justin bieber'
AWESOME! Congrats!!!!
enjoy it!
dathin new #FTBOA gig is very nice. Very busy right now, don't tweet as much as I like. But love it. Headed to #FlaDerby this weekend. Thx
Game at Pershing against Ferris 
Jack White !!!
The awkward moment when someone chats with you and you're typing your message back and they go offline.
Ready to bounce the fuck out of the US right now.
of course haha that shit goes hard
What a great winter tour. Thanks to everyone who came out along the way!
LOL we're annoying?! Oh you'll see annoying today just wait! Hahahah silly Rachel.
gotcha. I just thought that everyone knew he didn't have insane stuff, just gets it done. Shocked to see so many walks
just remind me ;)
Sure thing! I'm going to be getting on the road soon, but would later this afternoon work? ~CA
thanks for adding me to ur list!
cause im hungry as shit
Anytime & thx for following me too. Nice pic! :)
Winning a single game, during a complete season, results in rioting.
Um... Wow, this dumbass lady. The sign said "Lunch break 12-2" the door was locked, and it was dark. She's saying we're late?
Pepper spray is for wimps--I say slather them with butter and boil them alive!
Let me lick you up & down till you say stop let me play with ya body baby make you real hot
And by sometimes I mean All the time and by people I mean people I don't know.
I don't wanna think about you anymore
" can y'all record a live album so I can play in my ride?" > just 4 u! ;)
Check out 's Twitter page to see some answers to fan questions! #HCRfanQs!
Tnks for the beautiful tweet! I RTed it to all my followers! I have a prayer-app - perhaps you'd like to see? www.birdofprayer.org
THAT IS LIGIT THE GREATEST TWEET EVER!!!! JUST SCREEN SHOT IT
ugh people who make news out of this annoy me!
Shoutout to for nailing that Ron Simmons #triviatuesday - follow them to tweet wrestling!
I have the new May scent of the month.... If you would like to have a sample... msg me please... you are going to love it
#museweb Great addition to NMAI's website portfolio. Looking forward to hearing Matt Fisher this week to discover the source of creativity
Working on report to funding agency and drinking green tea.
hey follow back? (:
I wonder how much the violence in Jamaica will effect tourism? My husband n I have trip planned 4 Sept. 2 Ochos Rios, plane lands n Kingston
i love it!
worked from home today. the only thing that topped my productivity was the volume of food i consumed.
Great Line: "I'll be right back!" (Tom Hanks to Helen Hunt, as he leaves to board the plane in Castaway.)
Rain, rain, go away ☔
HAWES COAST TO COAST!!!!!
None of us is as smart as all of us.
#JackBlack in Shallow Hal never really gets old for me
Just got done with a nice warm shower after taking the Polar Bear Plunge this AM. I'm still missing a good 2 to 3 inches
good looking out on the retweet. got her stuff back.
My pussy is hot!!!!
Give me one good reason why you thought it was appropriate to wear a heavy sweatshirt and scarf today. Just one. I can wait.
If Romney gets elected, I don't know if I could breathe the same air... LOVE my girl, Cher!
Heart is warm. Arguing about Christopher #Hitchens on Twitter has been a Christmas Eve tradition in my family for as long as I can remember.
Woah Randy Foye just dunked on Serge Ibaka like he went off a trampoline. Yes, I miss slamball
So why aren't you guys coming to #SEATTLE I'm very sad and dissapointed you're skipping us. #HOWCOULDYOU I still love Logan though. :)
Curating a setlist for a 5K I have not yet registered for, instead of doing homework assignment.
Thanks for the follow! --Jo
She devoured them. She says they're terrible.
Have fun doll!
the striped one :)
followed u ;)
Please see my answer on to: My child support commitment is about to end, what do i need to do? - You need to fi...
Don't forget about the performance competition taking place on Feb 12Th. Details on .www.winterfilmawards.com
I know! I've been trying to find out where I can get one.
No matter which movie fills more seats, will be bigger. It's science, foolish young people.
Has everyone lost Linterest in this Jeremy Lin character and the Knicks?
I think we should write some sort of AmLaw instructional essay called "A Cautionary Tale about Writing Cautionary Tales"
has e-filed 2 Federal tax returns, printed out 2 Maryland tax returns, written checks for horrific amounts of money and still has just en...
: Best of luck. I know you'll do well.
I freakin' did it! I paddled 12 miles on The Mississippi in 2.5 hours. I'm still tired....
Hey Blair! Hope you're doing well! How are you enjoying life in Philly?
Turn your phone on Tux must be back by 5 pm !!
thanks to the recommendation to set up a #ncph2012 column in tweetdeck, I'm going to stay tuned all week
I've had a very productive day! Now studying for precalc.
Thank you for retweeting our post and helping Blue Water Baltimore!
Douglasville and Atlanta
You got yourself into this mess.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "I Owe My Father ZERO Instructions; I Owe Him a Level 10 HONOR"
just eatin' my oreo (;
If I EVER get married I will be requested that no strippers are at my bachelorette party..this is scary
Got it! Thanks, guys.
Hate when they introduce a song as "new" on the radio. That shit is not new..
merry Christmas, follow me
Good luck with life and love, seniors. Aways in my heart <3
and a TL is?
Excited when read "Talk & text for free, worldwide" on site. Fine print reads: "Talk and text...with anyone...who also has the app."
Listening to the new album and am disappointed to detect Auto-Tune. Ladies -- what happened? I know you're better than that.
hey Skrillex. Good luck at the Grammys. Hope u win all 5 nominations
For some reason Pandora is playing all of the music I have on my iTunes.
Call things out. Demand it to come forth. Jesus did it and so can we.
Where do you vacation in the summer? We are looking to expand our operations...
It will hurt Wright a bit but he'll get on base
they are so hard to find!! What gives?!
I burned my head with the flat iron -_____-
Purdue student , loved the reassurance of it doesn't matter where you start but where you end up & how you got there
Happy New Year!!!! Many good things to come this year.
Got a date with and Leo.
I have a black hand towel for the lights on the computer. Now that the comp's in another room, I think i need to find it!
Awww hell naw. Where the f*ck did my coffee cup sleeve go ?!
It depends on the issue. Please follow & DM us some additional details so we can look into this for you ^CH
hell yea lol! so when you comin to a studio session wif us!?!?!
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. - Dennis Waitley
looks like the auto industry has their money back
Only rappers you listen to is E-40 & Pac? RT : right here Precise I bought all 3 of those albums I love E-40
Let's stop bullying now with #dshunt let's do it
thx for following my #twitter page nice those #85.000 followers.
Thanks for the butterflies<3
I already asked him.. He says he doesn't give out his number to fans.. :(
MT : "I find the Debates in Digital Humanities volume tremendously upsetting." says , provocatively.
She's even Jolie-ing that leg a little back there! ;)
My test of a good novel is dreading to begin the last chapter. ~Thomas Helm
Apparently, the entire Hawks offense runs through Jason Collins tonight. Just as everyone predicted.
AWH baby you're growing up so fast. Wished the time didn't fly by so fast.
Taos rated near the top of Smithsonian&#39;s &#39;20 best small towns&#39; in US
Your welcome. Have a great rest of the week.
2 day trunk show at Equinox in South Beach, check us out!
(The "test" won't require the students to purchase the book; I can distribute copies of the chapters to them.)
your welcome! 💙
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
Bring back the Zen Master Phil Jackson!
Good Luck BMF
Do dried fruit or nuts spoil? How long after purchase do they go bad?
"My brother/sister/nephew knows html" "make the logo bigger"
Target actually has really cute little girl's clothes!
Turning our amps up to 11 today!! Jye!
Deb Fischer wants FOIA to be applicable to Congress.
- Happy Tuesday :)
Thanks so much for the follows. g
I heard this old Italian proverb in a movie: "When a woman runs away it means she loves you." What are your thoughts? True? Ridiculous?
Andres, can you explain what the Klout score is?
#NowPlaying #chess w/ a 6 year old
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. ~ Dr. Karl Menninger
I think would make a lot of people's lives better if #OlensTips was a daily occurrence.
I'm sorry for disappointing you But I'm done With being up and down and pushed around No more
If grace is an ocean, we're all sinking.
belated thanks for the Forbes piece!
RIGHT? Was checking out craigslist for apts/jobs/internships and was thoroughly appalled. -___-
chicken and crab melt there is good stuff
"I wasnt that drunk" "DUDE! You jumped in the pipe screaming "MARIO! I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!"
Cozart delivers! #Reds. Let's go!
Live every moment, love every day, cause before you know it your precious time slips away. - REO Speedwagon
Safety Tip #1~ The sun's reflection off of the water is very concentrated....make sure to use plenty of sunscreen!
I can't stop listening to your covers! Your just perfect <3 I wish I could text you and be that special girl <3
:0 I am so sorry </3
Did you know that only 75% of owned dogs are spayed or neutered? Talk to your Vet to know more about it!
tell him to be my hook up!!! Tell him that I look up to his swagg hahah
naw I do it on here
I'm so sorry. #RIPAngel <3
and what is that :P
Woops: That's
I get the fucking stomach flu while my mom and bros get to go to LA. Im the one whot wanted to go the most, but Im stuck home with my dad.
I cant wait to dye my hair.
That means Cap won't want any food from Buffalo Wild Wings. We'll cancel his order.
It sure is difficult to write this software when I don't know what I want it to do.
I'd be in a Twerk team if i had a butt!!! lol
vikings lose! the SAINTS get home-field advantage if they do.
You met my dad yesterday! I'm so jealous :(
my family is even crazier babe :/
RT : Whoever's behind this is getting fired.
Looks like I lost the Burning Man ticket lottery. Just as well. It was better in the 90s & early aughts anyway.
word em up!
I understand sales calls from payroll companies & insurance brokers, but if I haven't returned ur calls in 5 yrs, you can probably give up.
I had a weird dream last night with you lol te amo<3 x
ITS HOT AS HELL AROUND THIS BITCH
Does anybody buy music these days? Lol
As much as it hurts to say this, GO HOUSTON! At least I can root for Aaron Brooks, being a hometown guy.
I'm in New York from like the 24th to the 27th
4 AM and still can't sleep..This is annoying, g'night Tweeters ! Love Xx
yanno how I do ;)
Thank you I'm so glad you liked it. Happy Birthday Lisa :-)
I'm gonna just go to bed. Forget this debate crap.
Hi Matthew, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand client's campaigns Follow 2 DM?
Tonights only gonna be 18 degrees!!
I love that all my Bart alerts are ten min behind. What's the point of signing up if I know it was resolved 10 min before u report the issue
Her name is Selah. Pray for docs & her complete healing.
You got it! make sure to keep telling your friends about us too =]
I'm like Dylan Thomas.. I don't like going to bed and I don't like getting up.
to annoy my mom I just walk into the same room as herRT bored so to annoy mom I dropped my pants & rubbed my butt agnst her
Niggas always leave they ole lady for something worse....they be losing.
No prob. You're welcome. Great questions!
hahahahah ikr... but gag is she on the way lmfao
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaa dying omg
Hey, guy who tripped on my cane then shot me a dirty look: I'm totally using it to bug you. You have foiled me.
Web marketing makes me giddy. Seriously. At least I know I'm doing what I love!
« Did she really just pull into Price Chopper like she dnt know im tired & hungry?!! I can't even eat now #maf»
RE: colts - that wouldn't be Late at night, would it?
RT : What number is this, Chip? 7A! Okay, I mean it, don't get excited man, it's 'cause I'm short, I know.
I'm VERY thankful to be getting interviews... but Jamie doesn't do so well in a suit with temps above 62*.
that "everyday im shuffling song" is getting on my nerve!....so played out! hmmph! :l
and I love being with you!!!!
loved you're little dance to 'Love You Like a Love Song' at the TCA's! ;D totally gona start trending a new dance move. lol
I lost 30 followers. Fuck you all t(-_-t)
And always in our business
so great seeing you!! How about Thursday? Xo
Gingrich is sitting at the head table, Perry is shaking hands and working the crowd at each table.
Congrats guys! This is gonna be awesome!
not sure but I'm hopin to make it out there soon! What's going on in #Detroit??
hope you guys are opening up with this tomorrow. Josh Hamilton. 4HRs.
Don't you dare go runnin' down my little town where I grew up & I won't cuss your city lights.
NO I LOST MY VICTORIA SECRETS PERFUME.
I still have never felt like a plastic bag drifting through the wind wanting to start again. Stupid analogy is stupid. Goodnight.
I'm feeling like a drunk monkey today... Stomach virus really sucks!
What are the thoughts on the possibility of a new look to the UM helmet this year
lmfao Heat Fans. They mad as shit. As usual. Especially ... He always so mad. smfh
Great lunch w/ Pizza never tastes as good as when you're half starving.
we're generating buzz for our #HondaCRZ Road Trip thats fueled by #recycled cans! We love fbook/blog comments and RTs !
RT - #Cleveland #Indians Win! 6-2 over Diamondbacks! Take the series
: where have you been ALL MY LIFE?!
Wish I couldve been there! “: Loved clinking margarita glasses w at Gueros tonite!.”
3515 s/o goes to : #FollowThem!
did Kobe hit the #TurnUp switch already?! Lord help them Nuggets
Hiya, Spud! I've missed you too! Will be popping round to your place to reconnect. :)
Glad you like it
Your source for exotic hardwood flooring.
where ya working?!
Tells myself to pay attention at church!
wish that i would have had one of those yesterday. RT : Everyone should have an emergency cookie handy.
And the winner is...... ! #gzu loves you! So glad you're part of our #HOUSE :D
don't miss! RT : Check out rock center nbc at 10, great piece about 2 adorable little girls and the haitian quake 2 years later
So who all is taking apple cider liquid or pills or vinager. How are you doing on it.
RT : Have any questions for Zoe Saldana? Send your #AskZoe questions today!
Thanks. I always liked his work. Hi Steve :-)
sounds good to me
Loved Phillip's version of CCR!!
some ghosts are totally into that kind of thing ;)
Thanks Pretty Lady:)
Just sold outta NM Frozen Hot Chocolates! No worries though, whipping up some more now!!
Then your awesome! Sorry the things automated whenever someone follows. CAUSE TURTLES ARE RAD!
LOL Hope it was good for you too! ;)
so glad I could b of service to u, I'm always good for a laugh HAHAHAHA
It's a new week and that means new Early Week Specials! Skyy 80 vodka 1.75L, the big bottle) only $20.99. Price is good thru Wedsnesday.
“: or take the rest of the day off. jk =p” No...we are making more projects for you!
God or Mother Nature (take your pick) apparently doesn't want the TMC Prudential Building to come down.
The students are off today for term's end. So that's why it's empty.
HELTON! Cmon, the rally hat is on!
My aunty got me dis credit card with $150 on it, first thing... buy an ICONic Boyz shirt. Boys Will Be Boyz!<3
i think your great i loved you when i saw you a few years ago you still kick ass
I bet that should be 1956, not 1946.
dude i'm sorry - dont be mad - u got a twitter mention to make up for it :)
Just doing our part to pick up Billy's slack.
i really don't want to go to busch gardens now.
...I hate when you're watching a movie, and a $5,000 Mac computer is just a prop. Waiting to be smashed -___-
Also, I'm okay. My hand took the brunt of it.
How ironic is it to be dating two guys of the same name and zodiac sign
no i cant for another 30 minutes <WeMissAustin!>
If you fall, I'll be there. -Floor
em-dash -- I love them too!
Now hosting ProTools online tutorials...get ya shit crispy!
Will be hiring go-go dancers with their photos already taken sexy, classy and upscale for our promotions and Latin Night events.
Thanks for sharing our post with your followers. :) Hopefully it helps slow this scam down!
hahahaha ill let you borrow letnek only when im asleep tho lol
A fire alarm is going off in the building, nobody even considers evacuating and I'm sitting here tweeting about it.
I like my music real loud (:
I should be just getting home from a long night instead of just waking up
hahah. it's almost summer so i'm sure you'll be saying the opposite soon enough :p
One thing I've learned is that you can't fight what's in your heart.
Bitch ass customer on the phone said I sounded like a 10 year old.
Hey . would love to set up a shoot with you
Wolf Eye Designs will be upgrading stay tuned for more details. Looking forward to the new look.
Is an Auburn person really calling someone else a cheater? That is too funny! haha
Grocery shop when the kids are in school. Kids they will pester you until you buy some junk food.
Katy Perry Believes In Aliens, Is Headed To Space: The MTV News Quote Of The Day
Tired from a long day at work and then gym :( Going to bed good night guys!!!
What are some cute tumblr urls? I want to change mine!
In high school, my mom said I could have done better. In college, they live getting my grades.
yes, that's my secret to being mysterious! lol
Taking the train to NYC for the 2Q VMware Partner Tech Talk. Should be an exciting day!
Bunda holding first Internet auction Friday
Snow on the continental divide this morning, FINALLY!
Oh blah. Well let's declare a nation wide librarian 's'mores day. I vote for this Friday.
For once I gotta hand it to Apple RT : A visually impaired friend says Siri has allowed him to fully enter Information Age
#ShesToYOUNG4YouBro She doesn't have to shave... down THERE.
Oh man nerves
Alan the fat bitch Leon trying to start shit over here?
Cymbal sectionals outside #gettinsun >
RT : The I accept your apology, but you make me really mad sometimes kiss.
Re: last RT. Love seeing creative designer mind turn twitter into visual communication.
At Classified ENT with Lakeland own JOSH DAVIS working some music making history
Right Its Awesome
Shout out 2 all the single moms doing they thang
hahahaha shut up . i was in such a hurry 😁
To My Heart: Thank you for sustaining me. Working tirelessly, uncondtionally. Reminding me to keep on going. I forget, but I love you deeply
Oh yea! My parents saw it just before I went to Eastern Europe for a backpackers trip. Bad Idea!
Runyon it is this afternoon.
I think steel is a much smoother more fun ride. Unless you're in spandex like 3-4 times a week not worth it
Hangry that's hilarious but please try to use a diff adjective "rape" is horrible
It's a beautiful morning ;)
all I'm trying to do is re-sign my lease lol
Director, Jeff Sable arrived in Idyllwild for . Adrian R'Mante and MARC SINGER will join him for Sat. 10 am screening & Q&A.
I'm happy for her. She's better than Baltimore. She will be appreciated elsewhere. Watch.
That's the wrong thing to do.
If stealing creativity was a crime Half the uncreative people in this world would be locked up
Prayer changes things....
'duck, duck, cute' - instant classic!
another great show sweety !!
I really don't care if they are or not lmao .
“: Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing. Harriet Braiker”
ALL ARTIST SUBMIT YOUR VIDEOS TO www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com send them to !!!
but im serious
Like condensed milk that's been heated in a double broiler til it's brown? Yummy.
no kidding. Although at least we didn't hear it much when the flyers played the Rangers this year lol
I left my phone at home. One part of me feels disconnected. The other 99 are running free screaming, "You can't reach me, fuckers!"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I LOVE YOU!!
Listen to your gut
im here early.
Minnesota costing me a couple of hundred quid. Not nice
Dude! I hate it when that happens while I'm cutting my nails!-_-
You ever ask someone a Q and they answer without answering anything you asked -___-
He was only famous from Justin :/
My posters are ready I pick them up tomarrow yeah dat
I need some courage and a load of cconfidence.
you have a weird aftertaste.
haha ..gtg.. :( I LOVED TALKING TO YOU. not talking but..umm.. singing? :P xoxo
i love what i do =) music is my boothang
Great day at ASTD ICE. Esp good session by on Marketing Your Business
#JustSoYouKnow is the new quote. Forget about #Yolo. Lol my science teacher (Mrs.Gregory) went H.A.M on some of the kids lol
I need to talk to you. :o
15 minutes left! Here We Go!
I have no patience for card minimums.
The Houston Hoops family's thoughts and prayers go out to Chris Washburn and his family.
Herr (High Pitch Voice) ! Pure comedy !!
Why do i always seem to screw things up with people even at moments where I'm not currently interacting with them?
Clippers Headlines: "PAUL: BEARER OF BAD NEWS FOR GRIZZLIES"
hey john are you greek
Ones or fives, possibly. At odd times even tens. But not hundreds.
aw i been good just grinding wbu doh
Perfect gorgeous day for it RT : Just had a delicious lunch w/ at Great way to spend a Friday afternoon
People- Don't click on anything that says "someone is spreading rumors about you" It's a way hackers get your info on here.
Warm weather on it's way!! Who's ready?
Ur clothes dont do u justice so get out of them!!!
How can you hesitate? Take risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
And don't forget his utter lack of defensive effort
I really hate field day...
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” ― Mae West
Shibboleths: I'm seeing hegemony a lot! I'm probably pronouncing it wrong. RT : a priori & hegemony ;-)
Just met the guys in Under The Streetlamp. Great hangs, pumped for their show at 3.
on the bus back to Boston from work retreat. mood is, shall we say, subdued.
TRAFFIC - Crash - Fish Hatchery Rd @ Petra Place
I'm feeling like a star. You can't stop my shine. I'm ridin' solo
I just love how my family is out eating without me.
I mean it's because your black
That really is an unfortunate shared acronym.
Jack in the box is apparently a police parking lot......wish I could have taken a picture.
price matching ='s hell #neveragain #wasteofmytime Driving around to the actual stores is less of a hassle. seriously
tell your mom i said thank yu for havin a GORGEOUS child (your sister) lmaooo
you're adorable but AUGH don't rub it in! Its rainy here, then snowy tomorrow! :/
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! But I feel like its IMPOSSIBLE!!
When you send a text about the guy you like to the guy you like.
Still wrapped up in THE KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES by Jussi Adler-Olsen, read by Erik Davies. Disc 8 of 13.
Dani Rodrik's "Goodbye Washington Consensus, Hello Washington Confusion"
Active users of any industry.
Why do i have to be knocked up with a cold????Why????
Let's win this one, #SFGiants! Give Cain some run support!
happy burns day my fellow scotsman. Stab a haggas now.
Slept like a baby last night. Best sleep in a long time.
We are all human here at DotGov. ;-)
Any IIS experts out there that want to give me a hand? ~ Brian
he doesn't play at mayo. Do we have to wear mayo stuff tonight?
Don't worry. They'll grow back. Hopefully mine will too.
he says Hi back :) haha
this starting to sound like Dallas Cowboy fans, I'm just saying.
DO ME A FAVOR PLEASE FOLLOW ME #AlexLovesUs I know this won't get REETWEETED :-\
Yes, just block both doors leading out so no one can enter or leave. You're conversation with your friend is clearly THAT important
Primarily because they don't CARE about OTHER people, they care ONLY for themselves. #Selfish&GreedyGOP
RT Correct indeed, but let's not forgot they did not have Tony Parker. We need to run run run tonight!! Yikes
Of course! RT : should a freelance developer w/ no products or startup of his own attend #DayOfFosterly ?
I looked for places to visit in the new city council district 7 and found just 1 place. How is this list developed?
The church tour I have scheduled for next month is moving in the right direction!
Ready for a getaway like right NOW...maybe next week I'll take a trip with just me and my music
thankyouuuu!!!! Boys really need to think about that
Maybe they were at the hotel?
is on! Yay! Time for some knowledge!
just to find a donor who doesn't mind their contribution being recycled every 7 years or so :P
agreed re: message refinement/design -- also ideally there'd be an easy way to measure how many people view the message + act on it
Hey guys! When you get a chance, check us out at facebook.com/DeathbeatJam & reverbnation.com/deathbeatjam or follow us on instagrm- dthbtjm
How cool are the bikes though? That is the important question.
yes ladybug, u know SEXY girls find one another ;)
Kim K sucks.
Atta Boy! :') RT Fuck this i'm eating:p
Ha! The "regular meeting" is open but boring, mostly members talking. Open hack is at 8pm, that's when people make stuff.
You are getting old when your friends look like your parents.
If you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in Love <3
how was Iris?
There's another playoff point for Kreider
You should be SO sleep right now.
Lets take off!!
Olympic athletes. So come on Toronto---and Canada---let's give them some attention and encouragement. Pro-teams can wait a couple of weeks!
GAMEDAY! Milwaukee Women vs. Seattle 7pm at the Klotsche Center! UWM students are free with ID. GO PANTHERS!
Ugh my tummy hurts
I haven't heard from you in a minute bro. How you been
Trey and I recorded a new show today, it'll be up on Friday. Thanks for your patience - D
I wonder if my co-workers miss me. I bet they do, LOL.
just back from a week in Ketchikan Alaska. Worked on a new technique and then enjoyed the Great North.
Man Dirk
You lie so much.
Love isnt overated but the word is
I'm done exploring the tech tools, show me the results and data of improvement.
Watching final ending of Terra Nova with my son
Brace yourselves. The references about getting high are coming.
Never fail...you look like shit, you will see the one person you don't want to see.
Just watched the show. I was embarrassed for her, shocked by her disrespect. Love to see updates on her experience at the ranch!
We're exploring Pinterest's usage of copyrighted content by its users. Some call it free PR. Appears to be widespread CR infringement.
really appreciate the suggestion! We will definitely keep that in mind. Hope you're having a good weekend!
Looking forward to more images then. Enjoy the tour, and next time may you make it to the middle of our little country! best.
I just found $60 doing laundry.
sorry, also , I am teaching way too many students for a writing intensive class. so you and i can fix that, too? can't wait
I heard lol and Thank You; that's where you're going too.
it's about time :) Firkins up the kazoo
I was going to message you to tell you to snag Parmelee. Probably made Liss cringe. lol
Definitely reading that one. Thanks.
3:15 on 3/15, the most birthday-est time of the day
Whatever. RT : "Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row.
Tiger is back!!! Nice win next up
Scrubs until I fall asleep, wish me luck
Gotta get in one of those, I have enough patience to sit down and make one moods
I bid you a fantastic hump day evening my friends!
k, so I am dying to find a GOOD colorist for Blondes!! ahh no one gets it right, pls share if you go someplace good in CLT thx
"illegal" migrant workers and their kids took real risks in seeking to speak out - it's not a night in jail, but deportation on arrest.
Hello, everyone! Head still full of 's fab KJB talk last night - but now it's time to get started on JOURNALS DAY! :)
Welcome new followers , , & ! Thanks for joining our cause!
Gotta love anyone who can take a Lady gaga song and make it about muslims! RT: : is great!
BIG few weeks coming up. Working on music.
Hi Benjamin :)
Oh rats, not you, too! Good luck!
I haven't--would be a good idea to do that with them though.
(snark) Yea be like sneakily grab it later RT : #sxsso don't ask for more permissions than you need. Panelists agree
see you down on the Mall!
Thanks for following me(:
In our house, discipline was doled out with a fraternity paddle, which lived on the refrigerator with dust bunnies, cigarettes and vodka
I can forgive stupidity. What I won't forgive is willful ignorance, which appears to be on ample display as usual.
I just came up with a great 15 second teaser for The Red Rider! Will Chet let me put it up?! - Josh
Happy #TravelRally Day! #VoteTravel! Help our industry spread the word!
Newt Gingrich says he'll end his run for president next week. In other news, Newt Gingrich was still running for president.
bishopwayne.com, is updated new photos and new changes will be coming, also in the studio working stay tune at bishopwayne.com
didn't even tell us he was going home he just left
What are you talking about!? shortening it is adding 'VE to it! THAT'S how you shorten the word have! The word OF is its own word!
well, if i could take the sickness from you, i would.
Sounds awesome, thanks!
Had a great day with my wife and family...thanks!
well, I lookee into the legalities, and for all the legal involvement with Booksie, it just isn't worth it :/
Getting pumped to whip some Sens' butts tomorrow
i love you too!!!! <3<3 I miss seeing your beautiful face
RT : So saddened by the news of Junior Seau's passing. The hearts of the Trojan family go out to his relatives and friends.
clinch a playoff spot tonight!
wait for :D returns tonite cant wait ive missed him so much
I think this COMMUN1ST PLOT MUST BE EXPOSED
Never enter a battle of wits unarmed.
tomorrow* that is.
My Birthdays Tomorrow. It Would Mean The World To Me If I Could Get A Happy Birthday :) :)
... I get pissed! Then they complain when Jordan curses on twitter and blocks them! Smh -_-
"Moby Dick; or, The Whale"
Great to see you today, Larry! How is your week going?
I am playing at The Cage right now. Man its hot!!!
Well you can always come hang out with my family... That would be one way to learn a NY accent. :)
Everyone say a quick prayer that I get this job at Raleigh General! :)
your welcome i really want him to read it haha
If someone truly cherished your friendship, they wouldn't let their boyfriends talk to you like you're a piece of trash.
Suzy is trying to indirectly salt you up.
i wuzn't trying 2 be funny u know??:|
oh it wud be so kool to make a living with acting!!!!!!!!!!!!
your language is about as delightful as a beautiful set of boobs......Fact!
Would you all like me to make a list of our members on Twitter? If so, @ reply with your school and election yr and I'll get one going!
Goodnight tweeters .(:
It ain't the year of the, its the engine and mileage, you rock it til the wheels fall off and I'm overhead flying
Thanks for posting that pic of Media Row. Always curious. Now tell your bosses to get you that deal! We need you back, man!
YES RETURN OF BAD V!!!
do open platforms make sense? Wondering why trains can't stop where doors meet railing openings.
Waiting for the neighbor to finish mowing his lawn so I can record some piano. Life in the home studio...
your pretty cute, wanna date?
I fear no one because i know we all have the same ending.
lol please do!
I wish I was more organized.
Joe Pa or Ugga the Dog....who had more influence on the their teams over the past few years?
hahaha if they turn out good!
Hi! We're really glad you are following us to keep up to date on what's going on.
Awesome pic! Thanks for coming by!
u there?
What a week ..record now 8-11with double ot win at tj last night. Thunder dome tomorrow @ 1:00
#thingsgirlswantboystodo is be a nice jerk?
Sunday morning Gospel... "How I Got Over (Album)" Smokie Norful!
I been blushing <3
Ladies , it's cool playin hard to get and all but damn… Give a nigga a break sometimes !
Name the weirdest thing you think we could find in a #WarholTC; we've probably found it. #IsThatAHumanBone?
Fashion blunder or Freudian slip? I realized during my Web conference with Ball State that I was wearing an Indiana University T-shirt. Oops
you don't know about that
Columbia: good to review what hasn't circulated in 5-8 years; lots of non-English materials
My buddy: "I wonder if Andre Miller would make more shots if he jumped."
My head hurt bad, headache really sockin me!! :(
So Fun!!
nope but downloading it now. Thanks!
What MBTA station Transit Police found the woman?
here right now on the patio! Good stuff, sitting next to your Texas themes laptop. Thanks
Katchafire Radio on Pandora all day.
Ah, yeah I know what you mean! Well I'll be praying for you, your work is really great!
Go Hawks!!
hey(: have you seen what some sicko put about Justin?!
boom! its oooooficial! stay safe! xoxo
You can say my breath smells like an ass. Thats cause i'm always talkin shit.
Heading to #dctech meetup tonight on mobile technology...with over 1,000 of my closest friends!
Nova Baby
Too much treble.
IMVU is so weird...
Thanks so much for the RT!
#GoSpursGo now have won 7 straight with win over the Nets, longest current win streak in the NBA. Great start (3-0) for the Rodeo road trip.
HELL YES! RT : that concert would be sick!! :)
: Yup. I take most of my life advice from drunk people at casinos.
Lakers Just Got Dat Ass SPANKED !!
Home from blood drive. Thanks for the lunch and tshirt
My 10 yr. old daughter is running around the house yelling the "Sporting, Sporting Kansas City" chant.
are in da house! poor sloppi just learned she has fuel pump worries-Y DO TRUCKS breakdown a block away? 3rd 1??
😌Did you Move to Miami??(:
to be a part of The River San Diego vision !!!
Just tapped New Belgium Pink Peppercorn IPA.
give my girl a follow she just got her twitter today! 💙
The question is not at what age you wish to #retire-its at what
Where is that? On a special diet but i could have an iced tea.
yeah I see ya fam will have my assistant get that to you shortly! I appreciate you homie! KILL IT n send it to me!
oh yeah lol, best phone ever but blackberry need to step up they app game
foster failure?
And you will need librarians/curators to manage the big data!
lost over 60lbs and put on 20 lbs of muscle
so i think i can still graduate if i don't hand in my finals... or at least sneak in the back.
Truth in comedy, yo. #wishiwasthere! RT : "Don't try to be funny. Try to be real." - master class at
Music Gotta Be The Best Drug Ever
you are, sir!
with my actual face? i think it's probably scarier for some people. but it was about time to make the switch...
So my son won't go to sleep as he's freaked out about Santa coming into our house while we're sleeping... He's got a point.
watching the Roomate in honor of Friday the 13th with
You're welcome :P
Surprised at how the WR's are falling in the second round...
one of the weekend mayne
Start the long weekend the right way. 10 mile run followed by a cool swim. Oh yeah.
RT ": Diss Adele to me & I will block you so hard your buttpussy will fall off."
Well at least I understood what bane said
Tonight you should wear some green and go see at the hen.
before the devil knows your dead yeah? Wasnt it tight seeing phillip seymour hoffman put in work!?
Happy Birthday to one of my most loveliest/awesomest followers ever ever ever! Happy Birthday !!
Would it vex you if I went to without you?
One of these days we'll be in the same place for more than 15 minutes! :-) Hope the rest of #IACPNYC is fantastic.
HS always has been & always will be number one in my book. You'll headline a big show in Vegas on your own soon anyway. :)
I seen the light excite all the freaks, stack mad chips spread love with my peeps.
Do All That Shit You Be Talkin Bout. When You Gone, Shit, Netflix On Yo' Couch.
WOW Don Cornelius committed suicide??? SHOCKING NEWS!!! R.I.P. (still SMH WOW...WOW)
Wanted: Better attitude and more sleep. Will pay in homemade pizza.
Well, my life sucks right now. Happy New Year to me, right? HA!! Nice joke being played on me!
of course! always looking to co-opt the hip new thing.
Really cute red-head in this store;)
Just wrapped up celebrating my 9th year of marriage with wifey. Thanks to all who have helped us along the way...an eternity to go!
Jupiter student oboe (Jupiter 355) & the Selmer, is made of ABS resin body & silver plated keys.
or tax preparer
And in the end, you learn that the people and the moment are all that matter. Everything else comes and goes.
Let me put it to you this way. Your friend is an idiot that can't read and you are an idiot that cries over Twitter. K?
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year! From and Here's too great 2012! Live well, love much!
Home Opener at King Field this Saturday at 11 a.m. against Norther Michigan! Come out and show some support for your Warriors!!!!!
Love your profile pic. Your tagline on Google plus is appropriate. If you need a place to crash, I've got a futon.
Five minute warning on the reset of the wireless access pods with flower's names. #CILDC Save your work.
whose going to be in middle skool?
Heading to the Arkansas Minority Health Summit at Excited to see the presentations by Olympic Champion !
#oomf are whipped and it's pretty obvious. Lol
It's been a while since we rocked an impromptu karaoke party. We have the most talented (and today probably most hung over) staff EVER.
don't forget you are one of me bffs
Yes. Sometimes regularly.
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale has officially been added to my list of holiday must watch movies.. Yes that list is messed up, but I love it
When will fat guys learn? They're never as funny when they get skinny MT : Jets Rex Ryan has lost 90lbs this off-season. Props.
Get him Mancini! beat Ferguson's old ass!
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 learning archietect, learning concierge, innovators; DISRUPT traditional notions of librarianship
Pass them out around the world, so hopefully they make their way to your city! Great info on them, posting those this week on FB as well.
this Sunday is so chilled and nice for me. To complete it. I wish had a BBQ :/
Rainy days at home are relaxing, rainy days everywhere else is just hectic!
A little Sinatra, dash of Glen Miller & a touch of Harry James make 4 a perfect ending for a gr8 Derby Day!
David Roth is at Giambi Birthplace and Museum, West Covina, CA, with 44 others.
and moved so well. What a cutie!
"All we wanted was oppurtunity" *JUST BLAZE*.....
Bruschi and herm Edwards says bears are a bigger threat to green bay than lions and may come out on top of the division
What Are They Doing Now? Arsenio Hall...I haven't seen dude since he played Simi on Coming to America. Where is this cat?
d Chris has his shirt. Thanks.
Where were your pants ripped ?:P
When you call 911 just remember they can NOT fix STUPID!
is tweeting Celebrity Rehab right now!
#FF Last one before Midnight.
Physical Therapy…
Shoutout to the beautiful R&B sensation on the follow. #TOPFAMENT Call us about our promo packages 410.513.9199
I feel like took on some of Jaco's spirit. Noticing their similar skills for the first time.
Some moms sing Raffi to their kids. I sing Moneygrabber. #Fitz&theTantrums
Haha, I'm referring to the character who is mostly disliked although there's a strong group cheering him along. Make sense?
After touring homes for a few days, you will probably instinctively know which one or two homes you would like to buy.
good morning :) have a nice day! JesusBless☺
Today 1874: Harry Houdini born in Budapest, but later claims to have been born in Appleton, Wisconsin on April 4, 1874.
80s sitcoms for me as well please. :)
At the cheesecake factory with kyle and stacy. real classy. except for the part where kyle keeps trying to send me pictures of his poop.
I'll make it work earlier if needed! 2p? Email me.
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Wild Mother's! You are all true health inspirations to your families and to all of us. Enjoy the day.
Just some graveyard shenanigans
i mean if i had the worlds biggest ass, i would have to get some kind of surgery or something, i just don't get it oh well. O_o
that's great! It's pretty cool there :)
Jealous about all of the iPads around me.
(: good day at school today!!(; but #single is horrible!!!:/
Hell nah, he said "I shit on a regular basis" ahaha
#Eugenides, The Marriage Plot. Somewhat disappointing & overrated time warp back to my college years. I just wanted to slap that girl silly.
Jalisa in here tryna shoot me with this BB gun.!!! CALL THE POLICE SOMEBODY.!!!!!
consultations always free, come talk with us!
Name a difference between the traditional UCR & the enhanced version NIBRS
thanks for thinking we're funny. It's really just carrying the fat guy and Miss Daisy's "white" driver.
Hh with a good friend!
If you know God WELL, you know God WILL.
telling me would've been better.
Did you know that if the city council passes their medical cannabis ordinance as written it would close down ALL collectives in SD ASAP?!?
It's Titanic, man!
Doesn't it depend on what you dreamed? Foretelling sunrise won't sell too many books :)
That sounds good Team Elenjah!! :))
Nothing happens without reason:Well you better have a damn good reason for acting like that
I think I can see #Newt waving at me from the #moon tonight.
Hi fr #GA ! Happy Holidays!
Back in the Recording Studio laying lyrics like layered bricks.
Just passed Jamie Lee Curtis on church st. She looked as manly as ever...
I really want to!!! And okay, good :)
I wish i could bring everyone that hasent with me but i cant. and ah i hope!!(:
Sorry to hear that. Be well!
Sending love from GeorgiaI luv you all
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F OVERCAST
love singing with you! such a great performance last night!
ahahha me too
I want pictures!!
i remember the time you told me that you love me and i told you that i also love you...NOW YOU COMPLETELY IGNORE ME! >:x
Q7: We don't have any fiction in my current library, but they were housed in general fiction at my undergrad library.
Nothing like sending your available to shoot schedule to remind you of everything you have going on.
Thank you for the #FF love!
all together dropping 40 songs in 3 mths u all will hate cuz they got no $20 lease exclusive soundclick trap beats
aw babe, maybe sunday? ;)
lol never a dull moment!
RT - Miami Dolphins doing a Gators & Tim Tebow tribute the day they face the Broncos on the field of the Miami Hurrican...
on it!
last night I was drinking alone, watching my New Kids on the Block DVD. So ur def not on my level of loserdom. Feel better? Lol
I apologize in advance for whatever my mom did last night?
You are super gorgeous,ur def my fave on the show!!
Today has been a good day...
Feels good to be back home!
American Dream. RT : McCourt: buy Dodgers for no $ down, fight with Selig, divorce wife, file for Bankruptcy, sell for $2 billion.
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack Boy Meets World. Best show ever.
SOA is going to be great next week
looking for booking, features and track submission info. Thanks!
dont be so quick to judge, specially if u neva been thru the struggle
stone sublimely self-righteous at tom d's house of beers for a night cap.
Eating breakfast between a Food Network producer and a still drunk newly 21 gaggle of girls...(cont.)
lol it's a #truestory though!
That's how my hen's party is going to start ;) x
It is a scorcher today! Come in and try our Juice of the Day...Watermelon Lemonade. 24oz for only $2.99.
Good choices. :)
summer time = no relationships ; )
be on the look out :)
The red faction game? That's on my list. iOS is good right now, just very very busy!
beer in the mornin, beer in the evenin, beer at supper time. when beer is on a bagel you can drink beer bagels anytiime!
you didn't say happy birthday to john :/
12 Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens for only $12...Add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!!
I've done pretty much nothing today... and I'm ok with that.
looks like #sportingkc is off to see the Magic play in Orlando tonight...I was not invited...
Take that, paper. I have a whole week before you are due and all I have to do is put in quotes and draw a map of Portland. Ok. That's a lot.
just got a chance to listen to your beats but the dope we definitely gonna do something, I'll give u a call next week 4 show
promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
yes sir, not sure when the bus comes to the stadium though
I'm On Another Level My Thoughts Don't Make Sense To One Track Minds
MANDA call me now!
Heat players celebrate after charity event
My son just whipped it out and peed on the leg of the kitchen chair
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 19
that sucks, sudden death of loved one is the worst. My Nana was a jewel & she taught me how to love cooking! Italian yea
10 minutes until your loving PRD girls are on the air on your local PBS station!
Thanks for the detention Ms. Arend.
Our students have the ability to produce projects of quality and beauty.
who?? did u see troso
Every risks we take has its own peak and downfall it could either break us 4 the rest of our lives or elevate us from the ground up.
put his number out there so BBN can put him on blast!
I feel that way more about parenting than I do about work, have seen IS referred to in that context, too.
Enlightened is amazing. Ep. 4 & 9 are two of the best episodes of TV I've ever seen. Hoping to hear good news from
Office or house moving?!
“: So the world is falling apart and we're spending all this time talking about gay marriage? Pretty depressingly frivolous.”
Aeropress is the only way to go.
Watching movies with the fam when I get off...I love movie night!
HART Alert! Preston Thatcher, 14, dirty-blond hair, warm brown eyes. He's from Seattle. Rosie, you better watch out. Preston's MINE.
So annoyed
:( feel better! Fluids and rest!!
yeah I'll be there...to pick up chicks before their dates.
The EBBY ftw!!!
: the DH did nothing to academe. The fried chicken and faculty meeting rally beers did.
I love how big of a cunt you are
About To Eat Some Really Good Food :)
My special announcement is...I'm releasing my first original album on May 25th!
Santorum: I’m Not Going Anywhere!
I miss The Walking Dead.
As of last night I am now addicted to Breakout Kings.
Canyon ranch Miami- a must! They serve wine too :)
Now we cooking with crisco.
That is SUPER cool!
Question for - does the ALA have a statement on #CISPA? If not, we should!!!
I see the nuggets are a worthy adversary. Even with their ridiculous name.
best way to do it I always say. Rock on.
Can't wait to go to your concert !! ((: -IloveyouMahone<3
tonight and Mosaic with Jeremy Pelt, , one of my favorite trumpet players. Haven't seen him in a few years.
GETTING READY TO TAKE JAYLYNN TO THE DOCTOR THEN HOPEFULLY I CAN COME HOME TO SLEEP!!!
A #goodfriday workout makes for a good Friday!
last week at this time i was sitting in the ER getting blood...tonight i'm sitting through ubaldo jimenez...last week was better...
okay Back On twitter. I found myself being a little distracted.... with all the damn twitter wars...
Pre-gig playlist includes Earl Hines, Erroll Garner, Clark Terry, and Sarah Vaughan. Let's get this party started!!
HubSpotters also take pride in HubSpot's innovative and analytical culture, casual work environment, and no vacation policy
... Tomorrow our landscaper comes to talk pool design! Yippee 🏊
You ever farted while taking a bouble bath?!?
that's why it's called truth juice
Another hint: Native speakers don't always test well & may not b the strongest #documentreview #contractattorneys 4 the matter.
Thanks for the follow, much appreciated.
Lrt's pray for a world free from stereotype and prejudice.
Hokies strand a runner on second in the bottom of the 3rd. We're scoreless thru 3 complete.
full slab of ribs with prohibition sauce for dinner tonight
Are you feeling like "enough of the orange already!"?
it's not funny >.< I wanna go!
So I've been studying Ethnic skin on my own for almost 2 yrs & I'm continuing my education thru various training sessions but...
didn't work for me, already tried that one
Hey girl do you have a instagram and a gifboom?
Best #Valentines prize to the person that shows up and makes my toilet stop running.
So yeeeeaaah... This girl needs to stfu already.
She can run...but she can't hide..lol
don't forget to add the hash tag #brewersfantasycamp to the facebook page. Can't wait for the final letter.
you gotta take a pic of your cheetah'd out room...even with the pile of cheetah shit! lol!
Trayvon didnt even PINCH that liar George Zimmerman, let alone give him a broken nose.
Where is spiderman when u need him
I CONER MY WORDS INADAPT WIT DA INK RITE ON DA PAPER DAT HAPPEN 2 ME ITS LIKE I RAP IN A STREET USED 2 TRAPPIN WEN UM RAPPIN BUT NOW I RAP
Happy Monday - already spilled my coffee on my ivory shirt.
Thank you for all the information shared this morning! I learned quite a bit!
Sitting here LOL at the randomness with between shows on Sat. #coolingwater 🎵🎶
This old ass man downtown just Said I made his 4/20 , he's bouta go get some loud , like BYE ASSHOLE
Interested in your thoughts. I love woody Allen and thought I'd like it-- but i hated that movie...
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: When creating content be as unique and individual as you can.
Sorry I am late! Hello
Thanks, Lexus, for once again making me feel inadequate, that I cannot afford to buy all my loved ones a brand new luxury car for Christmas!
Holy cheese loves his fans so much big fan big fan<3
F5 BIG-IP Application Security Manager Awarded Five-Star Rating from SC Magazine
brianna you are MEAN. :(
thanks girl♥!:)
sim, e do twitter tbm hahaha
UT hoop gets 11 seed in the East. Will open with 6 seed Cincinnati Friday in Nashville.
anyone have a fog machine or laser they wanna sell or rent to us?! very interested in all things party!!!
nope! im gonna avoid you!
R. Kelly and the lazer light peek show on little girls equals
I be so fuckin exhausted
Imma just start tagging random celebrities to see if they RT me..
Cousin Pat: next year we go kill our own turkey! Ha!!!! Woo lol
Most people wish for clothes, money, mansions, fame. Me? I wish to meet my 2 idols. & ♥
you mean the world to me and you always will :) <3 you changed my life and I thank you for that ILoveeYouu.<3
stop driving and tweeting!
be careful
Its hot!
The average age of a Twitter user is 39 and the average age of a Facebook user? Take a guess!! I was shocked.
thanks. I want to reach out and motivate others cause i know iv been at that point with life and soccer.Like most of us has
...well, I nailed the Kevin Smith type. But was it the right one??? Now off to rehearsal Fools Theatre!
Show us some love and share this page.
Love my #Caps! What an awesome series.
Jkt consulate denied aunt's visa app b/c she doesn't have "strong ties" to home. They didn't even look at documents she brought! Apoplectic.
Hula at the Flower Show Polynesian Cultural Center dancers performed three times during the Flower Show that was open to Pennsylvania Hor
It's not who you fall asleep thinking about, but who you dream about.
They told me never fall in love it never works out in your favor, you’re way too young and right now that's just human nature
She wanted something to happen - something, anything: she did not know what.
They go on n on about how we need to be considerate nshit..... practice what you preach.
thanks Jonathan, you the man.
RT "Those who tell a story rule the world," a Hopi saying.
sat in ikea car park! Hurry up mother!!
i guess hes cute and all but hes not really my type. but to each his own.
Well done! (although, I really don't understand that scale ;) )
awww thanks for the #FF although I am the opposite of an extraordinaire and my blog is empty. Clearly you haven't been there!
And gets out of the inning with an out at home. This is absurd
awww Id love too thanks for saying I can ;)
fuckin right??! That's just the worst, shit makes me rage.
At least that many odd chefs in DC, I'm sure... RT : Hilton DC can accommodate 1200 guests and 50 odd chefs....
when i was little i always wanted to be 16 so I could be like all the people on disney channel, my dreams will come true tomorrow
So glad that I reworked my piece because in the extra reporting, I found a treasure trove of ideas.
They're the best! Have a great rest of your weekend :)
lol no I didn't know!!!;D
the hits just keep on coming sometimes ha, getcha hands up.
Soon as you truly let someone go you find someone better!!!
Great! The larger the heads, the better! :)
Getting together with a friend hitting the mall together to blow our paper :) on Friday. Can't wait till fried day
lol thanks for the mention. We need to get our venue and stream stuff situated, and w'ell have something to watch. :)
oh I wanna see now
Getting my dog cleaned up so he can go visit my aunt
Jus gettin home from the E. R
I don’t know about you guys, but I don’t like stepping on broken glass, remember Mifflin during the block party is a glass free zone
Finally showed replay of Eric McClure crash, took direct hit into SAFER barrier, being airlifted to hospital...
tell me when u got my edits
Why.Would U Be On Twitter When Mostly People r Asleep
good song lmao
What an honor it was to be a part of the Minneapolis St. Paul International Film Festival! Sad to see it come to a close.
Flipping back & forth between Family Guy and Stepbrothers. Such a hard decision.
okay but I feel really bad
Maybe they're texting you random #s that only happen to correspond to the weight of Jessica Simpson's baby?
Those middle months were beautiful. This ninth month, not so much.
we miss michael jackson :/
THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING! #Boom!
Loehr's tale of Andre Agassi's disenchantment w/success reminds me of Dr. Tal Ben-Shahar's personal story in his book 'Happier'
You can see a comparison of the tank's condition via my twitter feed.
My best albarino exploration was when I discovered the Licia Albarino 2010 while on a trip to Spain. My favorite!
In charlotte waiting to board the next plane on to tampa.
still, it was very nice seeing you again this morning & sharing brekkie (tho beers are better. ;) Have a great trip!
Someone asked who I want #Dolphins to draft in round 2. I said "Don't care. They already drafted their QB of the future" IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
Efficiency… It is possible with social media.
Our favorite tea geek gives a nod to mom and Lord B.
lololol. Back in Russia I bought a loaf of Russian sourdough with Russian pappy and nana
mine has to have banana peppers, onions, and mushrooms
If that's the way you treat boys I'd hate to see how you treat girls
thanks but i have rehearsal every night until 1. the show opens or 2. i have a nervous breakdown.
i love you so much Vic :} thanks for being such a great inspiration!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! Busy busy lunch!! looking forward to dinner and Happy hour today. Free Queso and $1.75 all beers.
laying on the couch typing this paper sick as eff wbu?
There is nothing like #TEA with
Met the most wonderful new addition to the world today: Miss Paige Pratt. & -- she's beautiful.
if you write my lab report with a guaranteed A I'll make you so many birthday treats!
I love that #MiltonChen talks about the rules of #improvisation -never saying 'NO' and using these principals in #education #actingrules!
Loving this panel with Mindy Fletcher , and
Prolly passed josh but
here's the list of beers aged in a barrel for 2yrs bourbon county rare..and avery's meretrix ..are there any others?
I dont understand why people lie to me. Ill have more respect if you're straight up.
ughh yea that ish sucks, I don't know yet probs layin low been out too much last 2 weeks and that's no goodies
At some point I will do some work and I will feel good about it and then reference that time I did some work for about a week
Vanilla U-Swirl #FroYo + Dr Pepper #Thirstbuster = AWESOME SUMMER FLOAT!
Pull can put you in position, but it's PUSH that keeps you there !! #I'mTRAPSATIONAL !!
#occupyyourtv Miscommunication for the Masses!
I keep seeing new jersey license plates but none of them are the boyz, its just boys -__-
#WaysToMakeMeHappy if u see me smiling u doin sumtn
I got quoted today from an interview that I did with last year, but no one notified me. A reader I know caught it. huh.
"Hey I haven't talked to you in forever" Well if that's the case then obviously I don't wanna talk to you.. Idiots.
so glad to see you here :)
don't forget my present tomorrow
Good luck at school! Hope you stay awake. Love ya, but I'm going to bed now.
Dear life, When I said "can my day get any worse" it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
same here
Call us we rent copiers and printers. 303-778-0600
still looking cute
Is everyone but me having sushi right now?
I'm up now rayle' prolly want some pancakes her greedy self,lol!!!!
RT : Atlantic County OEM enroute to the Hammonton Airport for a missing aircraft. No further details.
Ooh, there's a new M R James omnibus? I always like to think that someday I'll time-travel to one of James's Xmas ghost storytimes.
I love how hateful you are.
Yammer? Until recently, Facebook.
#sometimesyouhaveto go m.ia. and get yourself together
I'm alright. What r u up to?
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves."
Congrats to my NYR followers!! A well fought series..NOW BEAT THE DEVILS!!
I just got an email that Adventures of Tintin is waiting for me at Circ - pretending not to care. re: Game of Thrones
does his officiating clothes fit?
On my way to the Chris Canty golf outing
Hemp smells so weird
thanks again for buying a kit. I can totally help you put it together and I'm sure really appreciates what you did as well!
Hope everyone had a good week
All kinds of 1sts over the last few days! 1st: LP, viral meningitis, multi-night hospital stay & MRI. I'm ready for the excitement to end.
Holding my breath to see if , and are joining me tonight.
Alonzo - it reminds me of intense, weighty, and philosophical
you are a MASSIVE twat.
My daughter made those this am. 1st attempt, not bad! I'm reviving a catering co,new menu,open house w/tasting in mid-May.
Stuff I hear at work "I'll be back in a FLESH!"
. is driving my car. May God watch over me.
another month where the JOR deadline is missed...
those were so good! next time we need to bring gummy bears!
corollary: and pushes the risk/reward down the ladder
me too haha
"As God is my witness, ill never go hungry again!" -Scarlett O'hara #gonewiththewind on
Smile with an open heart.
2nd graders were SO excited to vote for Maryland's Black-Eyed Susan pic book. They loved I Voted stickers too. So far, it's a close race!
When was that?
thank you :)
Thank you Mo for telling us about this creepy Pedo dude
Starbucks line at #TheProject show is so long!
Dear Mr President - I'm a fan and I'm pleased you came to NJ, but I got home 5hrs late - next time pls could u take the train! Frustrated?!!
Good morning all... New Year's celebrations are over.. how are you faring?
lol idk i made mine when i was 11. but 6 year olds? im like the only one in my whole grade that has one (and actually goes
no lie, I dreamt night that I spontaneously got an octopus tattoo and I felt quite a bit of remorse for not including you too
Whats the point of going to school after we are already done with all the test? All we do now is watch movies in every class.
Royalty statements? Are you feeling well?
follow 4 follow over here
Especially bad when my deadline was yesterday :(
At #ikea with "i feel like a bug, just drawn to all these sweet lights"
Lol yes and imma need tutorials for dis crap
About to start my diet! It's gon be hard but I can do it!!!!
best? did i hear best?
When ur washing ur hands at school all u can hear in the stall is moaning ..... Smack dat
Tuesday....Tonic...,Tonic.....Tuesday. College night! Ladies free till 10:30p. in the mix. 18+ to party.
The dirty looks, the jealous stares. The best part is, you think I care. Roll your eyes and talk your shit. Jealous bitches make me sick.
I will thanx!
great idea. we'll make sure he rubs up on some to absorb some of his cologne
Me: Breathes. Mom: I AM SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR ATTITUDE
Biden tours the Basilica of Guadalupe in MX. Sen McCain did the same in 2008. Is this becoming a new election-time ritual for US politicos?
people r following me yay
Chupacabra sighted at 12th and G near metro center. He seems to be in possession of delicious hot soup.... New developments at they develop
I see why. Good luck
Broncos should've kept Tebow to at least back up Manning. But instead...they trading him smh
LMAO I was just at the Fitness Connection down the street from there yesterday.
Tuesday is field trip day duh (;
I still have Sailor Moon toys...? Nope. Looks like it's just Jupiter. I can deal with that.
I recommend vacuming then wiping keys w/damp clothe saturated w/white vinegar & hot water. Cheap/clean/enviromental : )
Damn that sucked!
I don't need your love anyway
i'm telling we totally traded pix during work hours
's thanks for having and see you next month on the BIG stage.
show tonight with , , To the Sky, Rattlesnake Island, & the Runaround at ! 5pm $10 all ages
Its truly amazing how sum people want to be so important!!
It will be much better once I get my hands on a #cherryberrychiller!
cause SOME still view the fit woman as their competition and not their complement
Throughout THE AVENGERS, I was consistently reminded that Joss Whedon spent a decade overseeing choreographed kung fu and is great at it.
RIP Mr. Jobs, you are already missed.
you deserve a break for the amount of responses to your followers. Bravo sir
Traveling the world!
Peter Thiel does
RT : Hey C21 -Tonight 7:00 and 11:30, Chris Owens is opening her club at 500 Bourbon St just for us. Blues Band - Roster
Super excited for Jermaine of #thevoice. Well deserved win.
*LAST RT* AMEN TO CHRIS BROWN. HE KNOWS US BROWARD COUNTY GIRLS ARE GAWWWGUSSS :*
good to know cuz the movie is so MINUTE!
My initials are TCB . In case you didnt know , that stands for taking care of business (;
Great lax game between Jefferson and apple valley! AV wins 9-8 in 4OT.
honestly, your the best friend EVER!
I've heard good things about Yu Darvish. I'm looking forward to seeing him pitch today. Hopefully the Indians can get to him!
ahh. Saw wife surrounded by 5 kids & I thought they were friends of Duggars. Quite a few guys live in PV, right? Furyk, VJ..
so for the summer im thinkin about gettin micros
I just realized I don't own a hoodie. Does that mean I'm old?
Excuse my hair didn't feel like brushing it. #butitscurly :D
i love yo uand tottally going to miss you lots when i move :) luv you girlie
great to see you at tonight!
our country was built on religious values, and now we have to fear lawsuits from atheist groups. What happened to our USA?
She drives fast in the slow lane.(:
Gonna go get my nails done ^_^
Just rsvp'd to the #saa11tweetup, looking forward to it and #saa11 !! See y'all wednesday!
Who dresses this guy?
Damn Cleveland weather
:I FEEL YOU!!!! YOU SHOL GREAT AT IT!!! GOD BLESS YOU LIL HOMIE!!!
dude you guys should have do some vocals in atleast ONE song... please?<3
This prom queen nomination should totally turn Quinn's life around.
That's where we differ. #rapture4sho Shocker. RT : Many of Camping's employees... don't believe the Rapture hype
Gonna lay down n talk two my baby til its time two qo two bed.! The lil ones already n bed.!
My beloved 97 yo GMA died last year during the Texas series when she realized we were not going to WS. It devastated her.
count me in
still do :)
especially when they breathe all hard after running like a little.. haha
Got it thanks!
That's gorgeous. I think I can see in through the windows.
Glad you liked it!
went to a wedding reception once that was held at a funeral home. that was kinda weird.
#TwinterGames= #3WordsAfterArnisPizza: Jan. 16-23, describe the perfect Arni's pizza in 3 words or less. Use # and tweet back to us!
Gagnon's been dominant in the Midwest League through a half dozen starts. 2011 3rd round pick.
Maine using the model and support from will have a public charter school law next week
When a female says and make u promise "till death does us apart" about a fone call u should run!
There are people who have money and people who are rich
Of course you can!
We're building an Android version as we speak! Stay tuned! :)
Wahoo! (fyi.mica.edu = Localist!) : Just heard a radio spot for fyi.mica.edu on NPR! So cool!
#angrybirdsspace...I heart you.
I love you! Follow me PLEASE? <3
Fair enough. I'll be sure to include that in my cover letter!
I know I'm going to end up living downsouth - but where? I need to be coastal that's for sure!
I was very nervous, and in connection with this phone I have a cheap
Haha , I Think It's Funny How This Girl Thinks Shes The Bigger Person , Lol You Act Like A Little Kidd !
I understand so much more now about you guys. I'm so sorry for what you went through. That Interview does explain a lot.
Courses Vail Values in the Fall
Brain fried so to clear my brain I have to kick it off with Jerry Springer.
Omg I know! RT : Can't wait to see the pics!
Pagan or not, us in the Northern Hemisphere of Earth can look forward to more sunlight. If you're in the Southern Hemisphere, Happy Fall!
How was it tonight?
haha how's that hickey?;)
Today was a bad day, but, you know? you make me smile in the bad moments. thanks chirstian:)
Gah! Can't sleep!
Yeah, I should have mentioned that in my original tweet.
Today's Trivia: What was the first manufacturer of black dolls? log on to www.americanlegacymag.com to find out!
Good thing I'm sober because my cousin sure the hell is not... Ooohh family weddings
I hope all Nassau employees and their families enjoyed the 3rd Annual Peter Cottontail’s Egg Hunt which was exclusively funded by donations.
is one of our favorite clubs to play at! Made our trip to Montreal perfect! Can't wait to sing there again in the future...
Still on the subject of ladies being trained as practitioners of health...
Do you agree? RT : Never feed a post player until he calls for the ball! -Hubie Brown
Mineral water> purified water> spring water
hey Lala how was your easter?! :) also when will you be in NY?!
I agree. I too miss the stylings of The R.O.C., originality at it's rawest.
Right?! I also have a Jewish mother... She alternates between wanting grandkids & me going to Hell in 2 religions.
They arent that great
haha its never my fault for anything
Thanks for tweeting that link!
I'm watching a guy try and get his car unlcoked with a coat hanger. Bum way to start the week by locking your keys in the car.
It's ok to call me a social media computer freak - so is Bill Gates & Mark Zuckerberg. haha
Of course I decided to go to bed and I get the hiccups. Universe you never in messing up my sleep schedule.
About to cry
Tampon Ben Kingsley
People lie about the most trivial shit.
About to go tanning with my baby! I love that he tans with me, haha :)
Wouldn't doubt it. RT : still think mariano rivera could strike kevin youkilis out despite the torn acl.
We should still play a show sometime... Our schedule is still dick-fuck busy right now, but our powers must combine soon...
I know. I hate scalpers. I hate ticketmaster too!
NBA ALL THUG TEAM who is the starting line up?
“: 94-year old billionaire dude is marrying for the 5th time, and wants 5 or 6 more kids! That's living life!” I would!
how many kittens are you taking home today?
Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand
"Damn the guys that follow you are hot!" In the words of my best friend ester lmao.
Discouhnt expires THIS Friday! Register at www.smartgridiqpc.com
Rams signed him about 5 hours ago
"burger comfort" haha
Thank you Pres. Obama-- for taking stand on same sex marriage! <3
oh COME ON
