that awkward moment when YOU can't even comprehend how #phresh you are.
Marx: "libraries are in the business of ensuring that there WILL be culture"
Hey Farmers...Our strain of the day is George Clinton, stop by and say Hi!
Omg is hilarious! Love him! Hire me as your next assistant, I promise I can drive lol
I had Michigan State too RT “: Fuck everything”
how many
Better hang on if you're tagging along, 'Cause we'll be doing this till six in the mornin♥PicPerPic. Texts are welcomed.
The only downside to having my mom on twitter is that I can't talk about her presents.
RT I swear i don't know how I'm gonna be able to wake up tomorrow for school ..
Jonny Amaronte absolutely killing it as usual. Unreal, lets go!
Thanks for the shout out: I will retweet. It was a fascinating conference and I too can't wait for Gravity.
Thanks Leila, we are excited about the story tonight.
did you see beach house was added to the pitchfork lineup? (!!) and youth lagoon, nicholas jaar... :) :) cc:
Not trying to watch American idol
Who won??? Ross?
Cool then we can talk trash about him! LOL
thanks for following me :) #MUCHLOVE <3
Just awarded a new & unusual green roof project or "Fallen Star" by artist Do Ho Suh on the 7th floor of the engineering building at UCSD
Free Vintage Car Show! All Weekend! On Water St. in old Henderson till Sunday! 1,000 sweet vintage vehicles! HendersonLive.com
yes meeting at 7 central yes spiderhouse also
BROOKE EATS BABIES HAHAHA
It's April 27th and the inside of my car is broiling. Texas forever, y'all.
"But the wild things cried, "Oh please don't go- we'll eat you up- we love you so!" Goodbye Maurice Sendak. You will be missed. :(
There may be a delay as full service is restored, thank you for your understanding as we continue to work through this.^CS
I am a humble star I know without ur fans u aint shit so I am tryin to get yall fucks wit yo boy I appreciate all the love
It is my pleasure!
Watching a great Gulf War documentary: "Inside the Kill Box" while doing a little bit of catch up work.
were at some park now with amish people :X
I'm pretty much hoping to wrap this up and start drinking!
lol she's not the best vocalist but she is much respected what's the 411 and my life were classic albums
I'm looking for any digital projects on the history of agriculture. Got suggestions for me?
Idk if them pats gon recover
think we need the fridge portion more than the freezer portion, but I'll check with our chefs!
oh you mad?
Sounds great - can you do a Skype call tomorrow? Or Friday...preferably late AM EST? Let me know, this time no fooling around
you are amazing! I loved the on the spot song for the audience member!
I always remember my wallet but it's even more important to return its contents
Buzz Williams makes me want to sit on my couch harder, I cann see why these MU kids play as hard as they do.
awesome! Glad you enjoyed the experience. Heidi said your kids afe adorable, and so are you :)
Omg that sounds delish..hey anything to satisfy the craving lol :)
I know I do, but still just thinking about being on my own is scary
Love it! When you start Vlogging let me know. ; )
Home Alone : ) I love this movie !
AUSdgarjgnasekn! I'm having so many "FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUU-" moments at the time. -.-
piano concerto no.2 ALL OF THE NOSTALGIA
Did you know it was once believed if you found 2 yolks in an Easter egg you would soon be rich? Happy hunting!
Follow back Kat!!
I haven't played katy perry or t-swizzle in a minute. It's been about that tip. Get wit da program.
call m ecrazy...but that flick cracks me up!
. The contract I signed to purchase a car yesterday disclaims all warranties. The car salesman had never read it.
Who wants to bring me food to school? I'm HUNGRY >:S
for sure
Thx 4 u tube video about us! Virtually Staging Properties is ur agents new marketing tool 2 sell vacant homes fast!
Denver Pioneers beat North Carolina 16-14 in Men's NCAA Lacrosse tournament.
Fim de Semana Fadista....come hear Salome Sing this Friday and Saturday.
Looks like my 6 yr old iMac can't update to Snow Leopard, so no iCloud for me. Need a new computer soon...
When I think about you I never thought that you could break me apart.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
is at Nick's bday dinner shindig. :)
im something different.
Im back (:
It's fantastic that they're making two epic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
AKC Pet Recovery and caring stranger saved my sanity and united me with my baby. THANK YOU.
u got 2 repost camel toe thursday on here my dude
RT : Retailers Should Use Their Online Properties to Offer an Evolved Shopping Experience: A new report from the NPD ......
my mom fangirls over John Mayer........hahahah.
I can't wait to check each others backs! #thetool #blackheads LOL
My honey is home, drinks, matchbox pizza and the Redskins pre-season...wooohooo!
Just wondering, do u get the "I saw DWill at the gas station and he says he's gonna be a Mav!" more than usual this week?
alright then......i cant make up any jokes XD
Fine Mom fine
Boarding the plane for #Miami! Hello 80 degree weather. Welcome back to my life.
Coming to San Diego will definitely wake you up - April 21st - April 23rd - Think about it!
If u don't like the taste of my inner-man gland, then by all means - don't swallow.
Today's mantra: do not try to reinvent the wheel. It's just a dissertation intro. Plus the Incas didn't even have wheels.
Well I could follow a worse template! I'll miss my contacts though, & not looking forward to demonic right eye.
Welcome new follower — and I'm envious if you're actually on the spot, in my beautiful #Umbria!
Basketball 101: The ball needs to be moved sideline to sideline (reversed) to weaken the defense...this makes it easier on your scorers.
Quotes, Quotes, Quotes ... Lets go!
Your biz is never too small to have a code of ethics.
I feel horrible!
Just sent my first message to someone I want to meet using the Highlight app. Waiting to see what happens...
lmao!! Leave bones ..I mean TYGA alone
before making new twititions for #Bring1DToSTL make sure there isnt one already. xx
What a game!
Also: Isn't it weird how rare some people think luck is? I wonder if they fail recognize it around themselves.
83 degrees, humid and breezy. Looks like summer in maryland is here!
From work happy hour to play happy hour
If you're in Wrigleyville & see us riding around in our DARK SHADOWS decorated hearse, come say hi & get some free t-shirts!!
it's the truth. Look at the top power hitters in club history. Amazing so right handed
Yes! We should!! :) it'd be fun. Lol
I Heart Stevie Wonder!
I'll give it to ya, you took some shots hahah
We're ready & featuring our Smokin' Hot Cheese Dogs today! RT: Who's ready for #DOFL? Can't wait. Help support tonight!
I meant pick us up from practice my mom can drop us off if you want and we can just walk to coles.
what beer did you order? Most are 4 or 5.
Sloppy play on a routine liner
I miss summer. Why isn't it June already?
Just got thanked for my service and by and Happy to be part of
so glad to be connected to you both-so amazingly talented & beautiful
Installed High Security, pick proof and bump proof locks over the weekend. Kwikset Smartkey locks were forced open...www.alcatrazlock.com
I believe it when I see it..lol
ok call the station line
on to Mother's day May 8. great fun wine gift. www.giftedvine.com Use coupon code MOM010 for free shipping on 2 bottles or more.
is my direct email
Matt whats wrong?
Clever! RT : A4: When I was job hunting, I also set up google alerts for job key words I was looking for.
sr trip round 2 anyone? without the rain. or the mighty ducks themed room.
#YouCuteAndAllBut, you're a manwhore ;p
Nice Sultry Sound!!! Much Success! Eric
I know it's a late reply, but we are glad you like our jams :)
Congrats to all the graduates today! This is when it gets interesting!
#DAMLA why is no one tweeting? I want to know what happened after I left!
take me with u
Enjoying my new copy of "Firing at Will." Compelling, humorous intro. (Guys on my team: don't worry; the author's a friend - )
do you know what your lookin for ?
I can't wait to see your new nose!
Someone just also told us a story of catching their sig other cheating, caught via Foursquare check ins. Who is that dumb?
Beautiful weather in Wisconsin turns 2 snow soon enough...fight frigid temps in your home with home energy efficiency upgrades! I can help!
favorite line"don't say my name unless you call me JahReezy"
I'm outside!
If you’re dreaming you’re sleeping … get up
Celebrating birthday yesterday was so fun! Definitely useless today though…
Would you ever text during an interview?
Thank god for over staffing tn, no work more sleep!!! Woo woo!
Cutting heads off? Ted, we know it's tough being the poor man's Mark Farner -- but cant ya just open a titty bar like Vince Neil?
basically lol. Doesn't sound too pleasing if u ask me
what do you think about this Bucks trade? Will this make me go to a game this year?
Tee shirt giveaway tomorrow. Don't miss it.
Lol you are not alone. I'm way more excited for The Avengers and the next Batman movie.
I loved having lunch w/ u today girl! Sisters forever! <3
to win our co rec softball season tourney on Friday night & celebrate at !
I still don't understand why Angela Chase didn't just want to bang Jordan Catalano.
Brilliant! Thanks for the idea...
After I feel a connection...
Thanks for the Founding Farmers recommendation! We had lunch there today and loved it
Justin Loves Curves
Good Morning!! Have an amazing day!!
Does anyone know why there is what looks like Aladdin's lamp on the City of Austin Seal?
And I'm saving all my love... Yes I'm saving all my love... Yes I'm saving all my love.... For U
Our owner has just ordered her first items from the store. Are you going to order from us to help spread the word?
NICELY! I hope that by tweeting at them they'll give you some free shit
that sounds like fun! thanks for the invite. make it extra funky on Saturday and i will get the crowd dancing :)
I'm going to the Marlins game tomorrow against the Pirates at 7:10 PM and have an extra ticket. Any takers?
Take note: Green Mountain Rec Center will be closed May 7 - June 4 for repairs and maintenance
Thanks Sharon. Looking forward to connecting through our tweets!
You must post the list of songs, you know.
Dogzilla baby! #LML RT : Set time for Simon Patterson tonight is 1230-2am! See you there!
If I am not mistaken (I can always be) it was in week two or three Clay Tweeted that him and a few others were going to be there
My phone is dry! Anybody wanna hmu?!?!
yes he weighs moree than me !!!!!! Its so bad
If you are not listening to the Many Moods of Ben Vaughn on right now, you're screwing up
Hello there Thursday Blessings ALL
I wish my girlfriend was straight edge :(
Thank you Blue Angels for providing lunchtime entertainment =D
Nice. I am trying to get us to start using real differential patches (.msp), instead of patch script installs. Long process...
i'll bring you one! :)
I am so sorry I doubted you! My husband just brought me a cake pop!
I'm seriously crazy about Jake , I can't stand being a second without him.
Beer bar? Renovations? I'm so excited!
Last chance to see the raddest one acts in town. 8pm tonight. Pinkbananatheatre.com for details. 414-278-0765 for tickets.
ya :(( true..ima sleep. feel better good night!! <3
couldn't miss this. Thanks! :)
AGREED! MT Thank U for a great evening ”
"Some people dream of success... while others wake up and work hard at it." ~ author unknown
hit me up today with a update. A lot going up here as well
I wonder if that Kony 2012 "Take the Night" thing is still happening. Did the naked tantrum kill it?
I will be seeing you soon beautiful :)
✋ RT : Shoutout to the people going to prom today, sore from dancing last night.
did cabin fever finally get to you? or was it the lack of food...
likewise! I loved tonight :) mellow mushroom soon, please :)
you look HAWT
you had me at polish, love the hook up! I'd bring you an arrangement regardless though :)
you sharing my dirty laundry babe? xo
right there with you. I'm happy that I escaped with a B- in Filak's class.
We miss you. :(
know of a good one?
I am also watching the Sun Devils basketball game.
Way to go, ! You're a tweeting machine!
yours bluffing
I think it's appropriate that National High Five Day is my last day at work before a 10-day vaca! Disney Cruise, here I come!! :D HIGH FIVE!
We are going to #MagicKingdom and #AnimalKingdom today. We'll have some new #videos to share with fellow #Disney enthusiasts. 2
": It's an easy Mac and ninja warrior type of day." amazing show and awesome food(:
The real Snoop Dog on next?
I'd much rather play Utah, AZ and So Cal schools than continue to go to OK and Texas. CU should go to Pac-10 next year when NU leaves.
Reggie Evans = Workhorse
The woman across from me just pulled out "Fifty Shades of Grey" - what fantastic Bart reading. Hahaha
About to watch the World Sheepdog Championship...ah, England!
#Halloween Trivia tonight at 8pm! Come in costume & you could win a $50 giftcard!
MedPAC looks set to approve permanent "doc fix" solution. By my count, only 2 of 12 members that have spoken say they oppose. Need 9 to pass
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. -Thomas Alva Edison
its always best to leave tha drama to tha side, especially if u already gt problems
we were holding our breath for a couple minutes earlier today. Everything turned out fine. Was sorta hoping for more excitement
Google what he wrote. Doesn't come up anywhere else.
Generals in Fawkes masks.. brilliant!
Er... no. Survey is read 4 essays, rank, rate, short comment. Followup interview is a few questions. 15-20 min each part
tiger army was my first show. tiger army and rancid, it changed my life.
I'm staying in let's drink
awe :D
Happy 10th Anniversary !! Need to get some of your latest batch of Black Gold My plants need good dirt!!
At tmj4 for a morning blend taping for a client. Happy Friday!
Salute Your Shorts ....We laugh, we talk, we sit && play...We row && go on trips..but the thing that lasts FOREVER,,is our DIFFERENT-SHIPS !
Good night world!
Another sexy day;)
Im thinkin about goin to an african american salon-no one knws how to handle my curls! I dont wanna str8en it i want to go natural!! Grr
In North Carolina on an interview...
I never understood why FCS is allowed to play FBS. If so, make it a week 1 preseason game, then your 12 game schedule.
Getting the lowdown on humblebragging from the guy who started the twitterfeed /cc
You guys sound badass! :D
Time for sex music....I mean
I will die. I seriously cried at school today because of them. If she met them. It would be a friggin waterfall for me.
#itsawsomewhen He Told Me Appreciate Me........
About 90% done with a tough but rewarding project I'm working on. Most of it finally today. Should drive it home this weekend.
smoking all that weed with the current players will lead to the munchies, which means he's going to get fatter. Weed and Raves
. <<<< Goodbye Norma Jean. She has been disassembled & heading to her new home in Palm Springs (a more fitting place). Gotta change my avi
hola 2012 my names lou💜 pleased to mert you partner😉
Nick Collison jumper DRINK
Oh, im ready too :)
Your in for a few sexy surprises if your coming to my show this Wed 9pm! Trying on RetroOutfits 4 U now HOT!
hey follow me
hi how things going
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Just 7 more normal work hours until the real fun begins.
I have never been to Pride...
Thanks for the RT. Let me know if you are interested in the job.
I just found out and I'm dead! Like really?
there's still time to get pierced today! We are taking walk in's for TWO FOR ONE piercings today until about 8:30!!
hypocrisy is a fashionable vice, and all fashionable vices pass for virtue - moliere
all the latest #LeBron rumors here-USSportspages.com
I will, I will.
the only nigga to get drunk and go to class..
nobody talk to me for the next 30 minutes!!! #Entourage!!
Stewart: New administration could reverse Wire Act reinterpretation: very unlikely but it could happen.
Happy birthday to my Lil bro you've come along was from bolingbrook. I wish you continued success!!!
That's fine & dandy, but geeks can "geek out"(like seeing The Hulk smash). What do nerds do, "nerd away"?
Hittin the studio with later but now is time to get some sleep
Patting myself on the back for getting my tix early. It appears the battle for a ticket is quite a stressful endeavor.
Shaking my damn fro
Find the perfect #antique love seat while you were out thrifting? We'll have it looking good as new after an upholstery cleaning!
It was a wonderful game. You were awesome last night. Thanks for the autograph for my daughter, you made her day
Whats the project? I wanna know.
They say they want that dUmb shyt Well this is Ignorant
I seem to be in "booking NOLA gigs for cool Chicago musicians" mode today. That's not a bad place to be.
We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us,but what we forget is that paths are made by walking, not by waiting.
I forgot I was eating spicy chips and I took my contacts without washing my hands:/
Gonna go help my mom finish Getting our pool ready! Be on later :)
you forgot youknowwhat!
“: I'm pretty sure I'm a paranoid schizophrenic.” No, everyone really is out to get you, it's not paranoia if it's true. jk
There is no way I would ask you to help pack all these books again. But perhaps it would be more fun than the conference?!
New on iTunes today! Go get it! It's only 2.99 and it's quality.
So when I meet you tonight we are calling so she can say hi to you! kay?
Great job -- keep it going!!
Very exciting!
listening to music
one time we had to evacuate bc someone was passed out... It took multiple police at least 30 mins to get him awake and out!
Early bird doesn't always catch the worm...finally watching Moneyball but with the added bonus of a Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill Q&A
Everyone have prosperous day! Real talk!
thatll be one expensive Smurfs outing.
except half the stereo wasn't working for the first 80mins! gah! so I went back and re-did the whole thing 6 hours later!
Eating at El Coyote tonight down the street from the grove. Great food, amazing prices :D
Video of Navy Seal in boat going in a helecopter... www.apinsights.info
awww! Uh no! Your really pretty
George LaRoux has resigned as the varsity basketball coach at St. Lawrence Seminary in Mount Calvary.
you can't force the willing, Ben. you can't force the willing.
Cuts by Postal Service Cuts Will Slow First-Class Mail:
I know the theme is "We do big things" but I'll remember Congress sitting together like adults - and "big things" too.
going back to bed hopefull my mom wont wake me back up for school..
And that's all she wrote for Chicago hockey this year.
Grateful for loyal clients, guitar, piano, voice, bass, and trumpet lessons and recording studio musicians. www.hansonmusicstudios.com
Happy Mothers' Day, Peggy. Thanks for the retweet I'd like to interview you for Mysterious Writers. Please get in touch.
I don't want perfect , I want real <3
deftones always has and always will be my favorite band. <3
ya so what's ya doing tonight
I just retweeted ....
Followback? :) thanks:)x
I Wanna Rock!
just took an 8 hour nap ...
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. Benjamin Franklin
I'm hungry now after talkin' bout alfredo
My last name is diamond..RT : Diamond are forever! She my bitch forever!
Special Sunday Shout Out thanks to , , , and (plus 3 whom I can't yet find ! Yay!
abcdefg gummie bears are chasing me one is red and one is blue one is shiting on my shoe.....
Woo hoo! Thanks Paul!
LOL! Absolutely. Retire you bitter librarians, I needs a job.
Gummy Worms ♥.♥
Listening to sneak-peak mixes from the Thought set done by - YES!!! can't wait to show the world!
Is headed to Alabama. Gonna stop for some seriously good food
Thanks for following and enjoy your summer travels! I can give tips on Barbados and T&T.
The Chargers select Melvin Ingram
hahaha! This is awesome Dani! xD
RT :...assumes... < they probly want to lrn something, just may not b what you want them to lrn #realwplearn <Exactly!
Comedy Store. 9:30PM. tonight. award winners of improv comedy -- 8 Ball! come on out!
I think I'm done with living in kansas already, I'm moving to canada
76ers up by one with :20 sec to go! I love the
Say what you will about #Netflix but it's given me Damages, Luther, and Sons of Anarchy. Well worth the $9 a month.
Checked my spam folder -- Was awarded a Mellon THATCamp Fellowship for Toronto/GTA!
- What's good Sharon! Thanks for following #Kayuhbicycles! We actually need some fashion tips!
haha, I had no idea that I would "literally" be a "1 percenter".
benched McNabb.
We look forward to seeing you! Maybe you could come on a Thursday for a Firkin Fix! See ya soon!
Clippers gone take it .
oh snap! I thought I was watching the 2010 game.. not 2011 .. I didn't need to watch the Packers lose this morning.. sumbitch :(
And I would also take care of my grandma in her old age.
Homebuyer agreed to buy home at set $; why renegotiate deal by reducing principal owed? No fan of banks, but home price wasn't hidden term
At the Community Intergroup Seder through the American Jewish Committee of Cincinnati. Thanks for joining me
Herrah its friday! will be going to grandparents house.
Can't wait to see your human billboard! -
Martin Luther~ Earth has nothing more tender than a womans heart when it is the abode of piety.
Money Bagz would be dope. his battle against Real Deal was incedible.
My favorite holiday for chocolate is Christmas - cookies, pies, truffles, oh my!
that's tragic.. and sorta hot ;)
So true! Sadly, my life has been the other way around. Spent my adult life regaining my creativity. Still a work in progress.
It's always a pleasure to chat with the Have a great weekend Hannah!
Few more hours till rocks Tonight! This is going to be wild, crazy & filled w/ sexy people! Cheers!
First review came in, 4 out of 5 stars. Great feedback from the reviewer too.
Me too. You'll be waiting a long time.
RT Mack headed back to DC - site of NCAA tourney wins over ODU and Pitt this year. He will join last year's No. 1 overall pick John Wall.
If I hear Jigsaw Falling into Place live on the 31st, I will lose every facet of my mind.
thank you!!!
To Yale Class 2011: The World is Your community. Go Serve. Yale President Levin
Looking fwd to celebrating 20 years since bringing #phideltatheta to #EWU in Cheney this wknd.
Here's a way make derby more awesome: invite Stormtroopers. And uh, their boss. Looking forward to a visit from tmw night!
Are you excited?!? LOL I am!
I tried memorizing the number Pi when I was younger 3.1415926535 is all I got now. Happy
": Ravens still working out Curtis Painter and Kyle Boller lmao" y they always get the shitty qbs they r not trying to win a sb
Wonder when the Hawaii Food Truck Association will be created #ideas... :)
Some people who I thought were some what of a friend arnt friends
My dads taking forever to leave the house -___-
I'll strive for orange background with portraits of #Conan next, but one step at a time!
Quick tip for reporters covering the Mac virus outbreak: there's a difference between "hackers" and "viruses"--ugh, fine.
I think I should try to get on don't forget the lyrics! it looks like so much fun
Texting "I'm on my way" when you haven't even left your house yet.
OPEN HOUSE/Career Night this Thursday 4:00-6:30 Tech Campus
Also, you can call our customer service line at 888-987-4987 for other options available in your area. :)
I hate it when I'm at the gas station and girls hit on me. 😂
Just tried a Skinny Cow ice cream sandwich!
#500kMAHOMIES! Austin, our family has grown soo much! Now you need to update your Ustream page from 250k mahomies to 500k
Happy Mother's Day!
Now Playing on BaltimoreNetRadio: Sam Cooke - You Send Me.
Besides the monthly distribution, Hearts & Hands does emergency food needs as well as shoes for SY School District students.
Great dialogue with and at the #OMI panel in Atlanta.
Back to knitting haha :)
Ferret Fact: Ferrets have no inherent fear of humans. ~ In my observation ferrets have no inherent fear of ANYTHING. ;)
WOW! you can get mine for 18.5 million cheaper. We're banking that someone feels they get into thisneighborhood for under 2 mill.
#Amwriting tonight. I'm behind in my writing goals for my two WIPs.
Another interesting script is in the making...I'm feeling accomplished!
Rangers lost? Time to punch fire extinguishers.
construction outside my apartment door...thanks! Helps me study a lot
Lovely evening with
Appreciate the follow! :)
sweating.. in Minnesota
you are better off playing with the 2010 roster than the 2011.....
All negative outward appearances are dissolved by the light of Truth and have no power.
The strength within me is greater then any fear before me.
Some Firends Are There 4ever When Others Just 4 A Time Or For Some Dumb Stuff They Want From You Even To Use You So If You Lost A Firend
I saw the Eames documentary this fall at Boston MFA. FABULOSO!
LEAVE NOT IN THE MORNING FOR WHAT YOU CAN ACCOMPLISH IN THE EVENING
you got it!
Why do my tires have to cost so much?! 
I had a blast last night thanks to my lovely girls and
We're getting excited about tonight's sold out concert at Are you going?
is listening to ravel's string quartet in f mvt II "assez vif- tres rythme"... again, and preparing to walk to the radio station in the rain
Thank you! Can't wait to perform at the fair. :)
when are people going to grow up and face reality..
For some reason I absolutely love that typo and will be using it from now on.
RT : #NF I like the thought process, opinions of your own! NICE << Thanks!!
#BSBforever and always!
Lol. Did you watch it? Richard Hawkins is great in it. That dude is such a BAMF! Definitely one of my idols.
Back to feeling like I live on the face of the sun!! UGH isn't it fall yet?!
I hate crying
Watching goodfellas . Italians are jealous ass people . Lol
"Moldex Metrix," a company name that mixes high-tech and fungus into one
You there?
Norman Mailer's fav. political parties: George Street Jumpers, Gasoline Ghosts, Purple Raiders, & Bughouse Beasts #totalassaultontheculture!
10 min till show time!! The NBI that is discussed right at 6 is really important. Don't be late!!
": You're starting an NBA team. You want Rando or Lawson? #HEELSBABY" Lawson for me thank you
See. Maybe I just wasn't meant to watch this game?
Yo these Madagascar penguins are hilarious
there's a rather startling density of zombies in Fort Wayne. Good to have my suspicions confirmed.
Happy holiday weekend!
Lol thats good! I have a wiener dog! her name is kocoh!
U r so sweet! Thanks!
whatsup wit my hat that you kidnapped
Elway: Early in the draft we have to find guys that are going to be good football players.
I don't get all the Tee hate. To me, this means we are closer to bringing him home in a few years.
ion call NA nigga baby, bae or anything like that! Thats DISRESPECTFUL to my man.
some moments dont require you to think twice.
at 79¢ a pop, too!
Adrian? who that be?
All you gotta do is put a drink in my hand
We hope everyone is having a great time in Sin City this week for CES!!
Chipotle's chips and pico de gallo sounds soo good right now
don u live by kroger on hunt rd?
you should interview her. :-)
I think we're long overdue for an Offshore pint. How 'bout it?
Thank You so much, you are someone that makes me smile when it comes to a singer supporting a singer.
Wow, the Chicago stands are empty. Crazy that we have more people in those sections than the Fire have in any of theirs.
Tested out iPlotz today for rapid prototyping & wire framing, really liking it.
in most states, this is illegal without a prescription, which requires insurance pre-certification.
": Shout out to mu uncle, one of the best producers i kno of. I pray fer his big success <33" Much love nephewz*+
Was that ad made in 1976? Love the retro guitar rifts. Hilarious!
It's a beautiful day at #crew96 stadium! #36days til ilfe is back in balance
Well Hello there Mrs Sykes ;D Thanks for following us xoxo
ALL WHITE MAYBACH!
Not a good week @ all smh
Good Morning
haha they still have you working nights!?
I say next season we wait till mid to late June to enjoy cold ones by the pool..
I have to get up at 4:30 just to take my stupid medicine 💊 I hope the swelling goes down ;c & the pain goes away ._.
you already signed a lease gurrll
um #hood follow me bk
The world just got a little better - #TwinPeaks is on Netflix Instant
Gave my chef a few Rad Reds. Upon looking at the label and seeing the motorcycle he gleefully muttered "Ninja!" with a smile
can't wait to see you
Thanks for the follow!
Agree RT : These men chose to protect themselves over a child. Prison may be too good for them. Penn State may never...
delia your just jealous punk
when I listen to music I listen to like 2 songs over & over & over & over again til I get sick of it then I wait then I listen to them again
Pick up your phone French Laundry!
Found $10 on my walk home from work. Thanks, karma!
Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July!
JUST got home from church and voluntering... God Im freakin TIRED!!!!!!
Phone takes them further faster
Haha. Yeah, it looks so terrible. I've never wanted to gouge my eyes put with a spork so bad in my life!
First you have to pay to see me. (;
A mexican (pancho) just attacked me :/
It was hard to watch. It was too real. haha
RT : Don't miss the Teacher Town Hall tonight 7PM on #NMPBS! Local teachers discuss the #dropout crisis in #NM w/...
General consensus- you're rude
Jr. Sioux Wheelers to play Dells - Dell Rapids Tribune
Busch Gardens is pretty fun!
thank you, Korean Jesus!
- I heard from quite a few thank you dolls! Have a fabulous day! Xox
Iowa boy charged in slayings of grandparents Police arrested a 17-year-old boy Monday night who is charged in the slayings of his grand
right back at 'cha mike...gettin' looks huh?! :))
RT : RT : #TeamHairartist Let's Get It creativity awaits us!!!!!
Kk im gonna download the app.Thanks:]
Ecosandbag.The best and easiest sandbag available.Green Product. 100% biodegradable. No sand required. Deploys in minutes.
I'm never going on a trip with you guys again... Be there at 7 my ass
Im rooting for the Rangers to beat the Capitals!!! That will make it all the better when the NJ Devils win the Stanley Cup!!! :)
We're thinking of doing a Model Me Kids group this summer.
Re-volution. Fundamentally requires a new system to replace the old.
My banhammer hand is getting a mite itchy.
wife is TU alum, we went to our first game on Sat night...very impressed. season tickets?? maybe...
Where has all the tasting gone? Gone to palates everywhere.
Can Conan do radio? I would love to have him as a guest on Everyday Autism Miracles www.toginet.com/shows/everydayautismmiracles
Start your day with water; Your body says thank you!
Congratulations on the Baldwin article! I look forward to reading it this week.
youtube.com/1upproductionsmusic check out the 1st video. we did everything our selfs. a real production ya digg.
Excellent trip concluded. Early to bed, early to rise and drive back to that city where all those nerds hang out.
are you dancing on the finale of
Why does my twitter keep unfollowing people?
RT : Comparing Jefferson's original rough draft of Declaration of Independence to final version is always instructive.
bumpin #willrap4beats up in Miami right now s/o , aye bruh tell'em #Rozaay on the way!
New Star Trek!
Yes! RT : We're doin it Nashville! Cohosting morning show with ! Listen now on
there is a name for them
RT - The 1966 New York Yankees made history by doing something the Cleveland Indians never did. The Yankees finished in 1...
Absolutely, it was great!
I like hearing & on the radio again. Should've played the feud for ol times sake!
it Cannes't come soon enough! I leave Monday! Have an amazing trip tot Costa Rica!!!
I follow you now for more than 3 years through your various activities and blogs
Dressed in some sort of fucked up 70s safari getup tonight for dinner. Woof!
You're welcome! Doing very well over here, hope you're having a wonderful Wednesday!
glad I could be of service, thanks for having an easy product to sell! can't wait to see what the next couple months bring!
My Fair Wedding with David Tutera is amazing.
Let us know when you are downtown and and I would love to do dinner or happy hour!
Last day in #sanfrancisco. I'll miss this crisp air, beautiful atmosphere, and amazing shops.
Where have little black books gone?
I want to #read some Salman Rushdie. Any recommendations about which novel to start with? I've read "Luka and the Fire of Life" so far...
I do everything lol it's not gonna be a cheap it's a 07
Ch8 what are the three qualifications in order to qualify to be a judge?
Thank you!
I thought they were pretty good! But they definitely get better as they perform more.
Would love to join... Where is this taking place?
I have a jennifers body tshirt
When I actually get the opportunity to text and she falls asleep <<<<
Saturday spent watching bball preparing for district tourney!
I was just thinking I was getting hungry again. I wanted to be asleep by this time
Remember when I lost six pounds after I peed at Mackenna's house?
When you go to bed count your blessings in sted of sheep Thn u wil wak up wit a greatful smile and relaxed atitude GOOD NITE!
how are ya
Am now going to watch my paper w about social media via the twitters, since I'm not there.
whether or not 's following me or not, I'm still #TeamBaeza that's all ! <3
its all good!!
Stage party leads the recessional. Everyone is invited to join in welcoming Provost Homan at a reception in Brickell Atrium.
I was ready to take a damn nap & then this shit -.- lol
College Bounds students visiting ad agency Zenith Optimedia as part of the Zenith Gives Back program. Great intro to a career in media
sounds like he is kinda dense!
Thanks for the shoutout! Glad you're excited!
me too! And omg faulty trampoline! :O
Google voice sends texts to email
can I hit u up with my soul sister
if Yotes go to finals he loses no money and he actually will make money in playoff bonus
Criticism is going semi-pro -- Mark Pinsky
One more time! Stevie!
Checking in on Blue Expo Train line in LA. Total game changer, no traffic or parking to USC games, Staples/LA Live. Just 50 yrs 2 late.
We've been finishing up our enclosed trailer & should b back mid-week...thanks Happy Jack
ALL WAS A KINGS SWEEP AND NOTHING HURT.
"I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants."
The human brain is unique in that its the only containr of which it can B said that the more U put in2 it, the more it will hold.Glenn Doman
#WeWereCoolUntil you started irrelevant drama . Ain't got time for that Bullshit ..
They are live on twitter tonite
#McCartneysays "bring me more guitars!!!"
well don't you forget, SHE MUST KNOW BETTER. right?
Chicago recruiting event Fri 9/30-hiring engineers for chicago area contract/perm placement positions! email resume
It's monday, lack of fun day. Welcome back to the grind. I got a new coupon coming your way. $19.99. CASE OF THE MONDAYS get it cheap
lol shiiid bet not be! My lawyer been had me jammed up today baby! U know i love yo ass negro
come to Hawaii!!!!
Let's go
Best Coast kind of overreacting to a drunken "play the hits" heckle. Like, you have none! (Saying this as a giant Best Coast stan.)
We're down sizing
This panel is blowing my mind. I want to have coffees with every single panelist, all so interesting & inspirational.
You know, it wasn't always called bipolar. It once was called "being a b!tch"
and Mayhaps my tweet will be read on #WFAA tonight and the #Rangers see it for motivation. Grin.
sorry Soror but it's true
Damn so teachers these days are fuckin pathetic yelling in shit for what ?damn
Yes!!!! Best part of my day, haha
Success requires 3 critical components "preparation" "enthusiasm" and "Gratitude for interim achievements"
To the pilot on my flight to Atlanta, I hope you read craigslist's missed connections #you'reprettyfly
Wilson Tennis – Public Service Tennis Announcement Funny Wilson tennis public service announcement. Wilson Tennis believes in anti-shanki
atta boy! Proud of my soon to be Fayettevillian!
then i drank leche!
so much in one tweet!
Yup, the restaurant will be open 11AM - 3 PM, and the production brewery will be open 10AM - 3PM
Ha ha. Me too! Although you seem to like Stabler more than I do.
HUGO is playing at this week. Probably the most fitting venue for the film in Chicago. Go see it (on 35mm!) while you can!
No, no, lol is hilarious punctuation to funny or unfunny remarks.
Holy spacebatmobile, ! I wanna play!
I'm here. Yeah Vegas!
Awesome! Do u have any t-shirts/water bottles left? They are a big hit!
Why the hell can't your dumbass just drop it? You supposedly have friends of your own now. Why the fuck are you being a psycho bitch?
keep your head lifted high
Might be a little drunk after an huge drivers license issue.
Sorry, have a 3 year old hanging on my neck now... Sounds like same issue, but I can Google more later...
Pictures: Megan Fox Doesn&#39;t Look Pregnant at Lakers Game
Maryland, Virginia and the court that divides them
This day needs more coffee.
txt me sent number to ur msg dm
Interviewing tonight before his "That Day" premiere! Tweet us any questions you have for him!
That Fuck tha roof Go dumb
In Ny! #OpeningDay tomorrow!!
Free kittens, 5 months, spayed, all shots, and litter box trained. One declawed. No adoption fee! Great gift idea!
Confession Time. My name is Michaela.. & I love , , & . Thanks for listening .<3
its nice to go somewhere & people know i'm addicted to ice,and they just bring me a cup of ice without me asking(:
At the Tucc already and yes its 7am Wtf. Construction starts on the house today boo ya
Thanks so much!!
that's adorable, oh my goodness <3 (who lives at the house on my street? That isn't their house is it?)
Good to luck to the on their multiple games vs the this weekend!
B&G Foods Reports Strong First Quarter Net Sales and Earnings Growth
This stress needs to go away!
Lexington bound for graduation! He's a big boy now
I'm glad my life and my strong faith in Him made you a stronger believer. :)
And need support. MT Those of us who are one-man PH shops have a unique set of difficulties teaching digital
Listening to License to Ill in honor of #MCA - I'm getting old b/c in the day, I ENDED the day with #beastieboys. RIP Adam.
#Pens winning 3-0 after the first, and I couldn't be happier :)
Kyrie for the win! The kid's gonna end up being more clutch than Lebron. #WriteItDown. Cleveland sports are on the rise
It's a heater kind of night...
yeah I agree
your lucky gurl(:
Ask the exhibitors to speak up!
how many, exactly, is "X"?
Are you running the mini? I'm doing Geist Half on May 19. My legs hurt all the time the last few weeks.
Octavia Spencer looks elegant
I'm a tempeh and quinoa kind of guy.
Ding! Had me at steak. Thanks, Frosty. You still saving your change for a trip down here for a game?
Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives
mathcounts competition tomorrow. then shopping with and katie. cant wait!
We're blaming 'society' yet we are society. So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.
So board I started talking to my Twilight posters. I've hit a new low.
HI HI HI RT i seriously have so much anxiety about my opening tweets. so. much. pressure.
My tattoo is ______ and I love it!
They are almost always benign and may have been present for several years. As we age, the number of red spots increases .keloidsurvey.com
Since you are the biggest fan, I know no one better to ask. I made two vids yest for GAC and they're still not up. Any ideas?
Damn turner!
Your Super Awesome For Following!
I'd say that was a pretty good day as well
That ESPN Michael Jordan commercial is classic...
Spotify is on random... currently enjoying a bit of dubstep.
Find A Los Angeles Plumbing, Heating &amp; Electrical Service
Looking for side projects vocally!Trying to stay musically busy!-Mito
No but I think went to the Newseum and said it was very cool. I have heard good things!
Can I help someone you may know? Thank you.
I absolutely love the books by , my favorite writer! Everyone should read her books
Shoutout to for being the realest kid ever!
#NP bruno mars- just the way you are! <3
I really miss :/
That was a playoff game? Or a dress rehearsal for the Texans? There's still room on the couch.], boys.
When girls copy my nails, I get so pissed. Do your own thing!
Hemingway and the Black Renaissance edited by Charles Scruggs G'84 now available from
im completely into the adventures of Finn and Jake. yea.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ,he's my inspiration,my hero,my everything and I love him more than anything in this world<3
Anaïs Mitchell is proving to be the perfect soundtrack for this afternoon.
Getting ready to chillax in the hot tub with my homies and
or better yet - San Diego. Where we have...a high cost of living and pollution too. wait...
Share the news not the weather!
Nice meeting you too!!
Is $90 million even a real number?
Mission Impossible I and Casino Royale: down. Next up: Inception.
There is nothing worse than having to sprint for the train in the morning.
Happy Friday!!
Its a tweet heard if know one's following......? One of life's many questions.......
let's hope so, That was unbelievable! Go Bruins!!
If you remember Atlanta AM radio before the advent of "talk" then AM 1690 can sometimes bring back really good memories.
I'm trying to go if you are
RT : True, Networking is what gets you in the door, but how smart you work keeps you there.
RT - In a display of rugged American sophistication, I'm drinking instant coffee in a plastic Cleveland Indians beer cup f...
Where has been???!
Got any recordings yet?!
Bargain hunting at garage sale is all about timing. Arrive early for best selection, come late for best deals.
how am i fuckin' up ?! & okay.
Still in shock that the #CATS won the national championship. I will never get over it.
You would make my day,if you follow me :)
Happy Birthday From in Las Vegas...CAN YOU DIG IIIIITTTTTT...........
Cross Country Flight !
Real 💨 out. Yikes. Getting blown away!!
I know your happy now that people can seperate you from the real Chachi lol Love you ChachiBear
you're no complainer you're just smart!! ;)
10 hidden Easter eggs found on websites
CP3 is Isaiah Thomas 2012!... "He like Anthony Mason...always trying to fight somebody." Lolol
How is school going? Are you baking or knitting? I have not been knitting, and am ready to get back in!! You must visit!
Fun Easter Sunday with and all my other cousins up in OC :)
Great job tonight, ! You were amazing! 
it's not that deep like i said ily and wanna hang wit u soon
I'm in the afterlife
Back in the day I was the HBK
Faculty, admin, instructors, practitioners from 7 schools at #UVa and the community
why do I always get these sudden bursts of ideas so late?? wish fits of inspiration happened between 4-6, when I'm usually useless...
you liked it
The Game 1 collapse by the Grizzlies is going to haunt them in the off-season.
What I love about #NYC: life-long learning for real - last night Sara Ahmed Tonight Noam Chomsky
What can I say? It's all natural babe hha ;) & I know,I just drive you insane ;) and well before I tweeted you I saw a pic of
Governor says special session will be focused on civil unions. Says it will start soon and doesn't know how long.
Never stop learning!
great to be connected here too!
Today was awesome :)
440 mb/sec.
So glad! We have a Cali guest all wkd and I think he's gonna hate the weather!
Wow I definitely thought bisping had that, but sonnen is absolutely hilarious
Tomorrow in LA I represent 2 ppl charged drive w/o license The citizen is convicted, the illegal goes free. Official LA Policy
Thanks, Rachel! :)
"If you look for me whole heartedly you will find me"-Jeremiah 29:13
Old jacket of my dad's from the 60's! Thanks brother;)
Did U see my #WellnessWednesdays blog? If you get me info on the photog I can add pics!
congrats. Caleb will be showered w love and blessings
Command it in the name of Jesus!
Step it up fleury
What a nice day
Just got done ballin
time for a glass of milk :)
A&A welcomes and David Berman (CSI) to our Advisory Board. They will be a great additions to our nonprofit organization..
The #TowerHeist curse strikes again. RIP Heavy D!
#OSU giveth and OSU taketh away m*c*g*n's Big 10 title hopes. Dear m*c*g*n, you're welcome for the taste, but that title is ours now.
cats are always involved with my tweets. even if they're not.
Sometimes i just need to be alone. Having so many people around me at one time makes it hard for me to hear God.
Watching right now.. boy I'm glad I'm a Portland native because Portland is such a beautiful and weird city :)
Totally agree. I generally de-friend a nice chunk around election time.
Prevent Injury in Golf: strengthen your rotator cuff muscles.
should it be a surprise to hear lawyers discussing (probably privileged) negotiating strategy over the phone on the #acela?
okay thanks for telling me. will it be like vinny's workshop?
Pace out yoo goin to ma other class! XD
Working on the websites! About time!
gingrich #Dodge, you didn't answer the question on how long unemployment
Thank you! West coast loves you!!
So where's the best place to get empanadas in Skyrim?
Nice to meet you Heather!
STOP:( I look horrible in it.
i hope he moves out by then
Woot! Way to go!
#CelebrityTwitterPasswords Mine is "forward slash forward slash forward slash back slash"
Also, next year, how about toilet papering homes of the Justices who voted for #CitzensUnited?
But where did Jason Garrett keep that Smirnoff all game?
"you kbow what i miss the most? That tiny squeaking sound when you rub two pickles together" best quote from Spongebob
YES! “: #artbasel hangover cure from the spa: drink ginger tea to ease dizziness -- read all the top 5 tips here: bit.ly/utPYSV”
thanks it is going great! Would be better if you and were there in the front everynight!
hahaha that's alright, I was a wicked cute kid!
Also...Chris has gotten progressively more and more pitchy...dude BELIEVE me I want them to be awesome still
TKAM Test time.
ok here's something what's up sweetie
I'm waiting for both Griffn and Ginboili to hit the ground at the same time with no contact.
Everything is starting to fall in place(:
Holly is happily married and has moved on in a new direction in her life.
has created Digital Sisterhood Legacy for women and young girls to help build up their legacies #digidoy DMIS
Damn straight.
Thanks for breakfast. Starting the day out strong! Tea in hand and nice crisp weather, what mornings should always be like.
KLOCKLE.com list for free! No credit card needed. Use this code US270911 and its 100% FREE! If you dont see your city listed add it.
thx Jamie! Miss you too! :) I am enjoying #freelance work!
Thanks to pieces of the aids quilt will proudly hang during "United In HIV" June 14th at Sidetrack
He'll never fall in love he swears as he runs his fingers through his hair, I'm laughin cause I hope he's wrong..🎶
Glee time!
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to burn his ships and cut all sources of retreat. ~Napoleon Hill
Tell us what's on your mind, the naughtier, the better!
true story my first plane ride was to Green Bay to my first Packers game
Money is my motivation
Justin aprahamian just blew my mind. Only 3rd coursr
Thanks Taryn! Prepping for it now and excited-and I hope your time away from music has been great for you-I'm sure you'll return!
": Patriots officially Patriots signed RB Joseph Addai today." please don't cry
what world is that Rhonda? lmfao
xo - thanks!!! Good seeing you today!!
Or is it ma petit chou?
Who's been saying that? Sheesh.
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3
We look to you for social media direction (and in awe) in higher ed! #TwSIG Thanks for letting us know.
Aaak! Kill me now! It's the Irving show....
tell me about it.
We're preparing for a themed bridal shoot this weekend. Spring picnic for two, anyone?
Girl movie night! The vow or new years eve??
oh geez! Haha. I thought of you a couple weeks ago when I saw He was sweat'n my LV bag, you kids crack me up!
“ At The Same Damn Time .”
aw :3 nah, beautiful is fine Ü
"I think same-sex couples should be able to get married." RT if you agree.
I wish just once that someone would remember my birthday, without facebook. Or someone buy me balloons.
Watching High School Musical 1 :)
ehh that weather looks like it be kinda crap at the
ft the weekend - crew love.
oh my god. I have tickets in Detroit for July. CANNOT WAIT!!
The #edcampcolumbus organizers are all attending #oetc12 tomorrow. Hope we meet some of you there.
The best part about that class W'land Hills was .... EVERYTHING
For grammar advice, it was someone I'd always turn to.
I sent you a email over at your hotmail addy. Let me know what you think. Thanks
": Most Beautiful Eyes >>" I will never forqet this tweet he use two be so sweet :(
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
we are back! just for today every pair of guie shoes for $45 dollars!
#WhenAustin tweets good morning with a ';)' just to make it flirty. ;D
Sounds like we'll have to talk Silvy off the ledge. :): Im thinking lots of interesting conversation tomorrow
Have you ever visited Petra in Jordan or Machu Picchu in Peru? Which should I try to visit first?
A short saying often contains much wisdom - Sophocles.
Going to see Bruno tonight
Oh I haven't been on this account in a while, but congratulations on getting verified ! :D ~Love your swag
She so fine... She can ride my face. Lol
only the strong survive
I'm so jealous! I talk about how much I love and miss EVERYDAY!
My best friend went home so now I'm sad :(
Heading to see Hunger Games
WIN A FREE SPRAY OR WEEK OF BED TANNING! HTTP://bit.ly/lEJg12
Wait. Nope I can't get comfy.
#DavidHallberg of ABT and the Bolshoi dancing on #TheColbertReport was seriously the best thing I've seen on TV in a while.
Sioure Data Centers Have added redundancy to protect from
Had a fun shoot with today
i'm planning to race sat. see you there.
Join Social Room, in arena district & receive $400 Free Vegas Nightclub VIP passes from SincityLV.com. Email Name/Address
omg, we are going to sweat our asses off this weekend with the Riots! Pick you up at 10ish tomorrow!
Happy Birthday Ciara! May all your hopes & dreams come true!
I live off Mt. Royal, work on Pratt. My view of Baltimore is skewed. Glad for sources like to stay sorta informed
The ' kick-ass #recycling saves them $50,000 each year by cutting their waste hauls in half since 2007
RT younger men when should help the older and wiser people that are around us.to help them when they fall are need help with moving stuff
when are the parties in Manila? I have a plane ticket there and debating whether to go !!!
when I talk about data, information, & statistical literacy (especially in the context of #opendata or #datascience) I feel very lonely
RT : Oh you have a baby on board? I'll just run into the car next to you.
Close captioning can help kids learn to read.
Just go indie. No one really needs a big record label anymore.
we should point out that Genital Hospital is also available for parties of the wedding variety.
Yeah, I'm thinking that saying you're in beta for 18 months is a
Do you have a facebook? Like other than your page?
I JUST MET THE ALL AMERICAN REJECTS, NBD! #JK #DYING #CLOUD9 <3 ah <333
I work with joe germanotta everyday, when lady gaga comes on the radio I remind him it's his daughter...
I know, & that's not fair to her.
“One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.” ― Bob Marley That is why I should win.
Lidocaine ..is the correct name or heart poison if not measured.
If kamikaze pilots still existed if be the first to sign up
RT was badass-- thanks to all the wonderful ladies (& gentlemen) there....
I would direct message you this,but since u are not following me and so called blocking I will just let the world see..
It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom
Sum ppl should really have auto correct spellin on if dey cant spell simple words like bored, goofy, tired etc..
I Heard The Funniest Sht When Ths Couple Was Arguin: "Nigga My Hole Aint Loose Yo Dick Just Little" --- I GOT WEAK!
Dreamt underground artists took famous paintings and there works and remade Star Wars ep1 into an animated surreal existential masterpiece.
I invite artists I wish to show but I also like there to be opportunities for people I don't know.
love u! It's a great song!
Did Clippers give up anything but cap space?
Dreaming of bbq
Reddit is planning a 12-hour blackout tomorrow in response to the Protect IP Act and SOPA.
such the contrarian/apologist you…..
i don't know who ms Hinz is lol..
Be sure to LIKE PHAME Academy on Facebook - amazing photo album of pics from recently wrapped #phametour - !
When arreeen't you ;)
Fuck this shit dude. For real. It's like everyones gone insane.
I hate when mom talks baby talk to me. In public.
I ain't in it for the fame!
She's interested in library science and Web 2.0 technologies??
Good morning peeps!
A technical on who)
Just had an awesome meeting with my superintendent...SO excited for Westonka Tech Academy this June!!
True. RT : I just figured out whom Romney reminds me of: Ward Cleaver (Hugh Beaumont) from "Leave It to Beaver".
Happy Easter! Good luck today! Relax and go get that green jacket!
looks like he came 3rd in a hatchet fight. What happened to your forehead cuz?
packing for ga
I will! Sorry I haven't checked this in a few days
The Zingaro is set up at Tractor Tap Room on this wonderful sunny afternoon!
Let us know how it goes - will be thinking of you!
Good Evening Jazz Fans! I hope everyone had a fab Wed. Join Sheila Anderson & myself @ 8pm ET on Evening Jazz. Ciya there!
These miracle molecules are then extracted from the media using a sophisticated filtration process, leaving behind the actual stem cells
You were fake, I was great; nothing personal.
3 more piano students. Can't wait to be in mah bed!
Long hours last night of working on a new site...looks promising, things are looking good :)
Really!? It took me a while lol. But I worked hard on it!
there will come a day where i won't miss, think or wonder about you anymore... but i guess today isn't the day.
I hear ur headed to Paris - Ur rockstar lifestyle of traveling the world & living it up is starting to make me jealous
The coaches on The Voice should've picked just now!!! Seriously. She made me feel it w/ The Power of Love song.
I wonder if we can get some investors together to buy The Flaming Lips "blood" albums and clone 4x to make a pop supergroup.
Haha! - so true!
Remember how much R stuck by McGehee during the season…think R has made it clear that JH is it this postseason
so, what's for dinner today? Lol
And when we think we lead, we are most led
I need some more hornitos.
is 'celebrating' developer community more than skin deep? I hope so!
Lunch at Campi's. Give this place a try
Bel Air but I left thank god! Just in time to head down to the game :)
App update submitted to App Store. Time to relax.
kris carpenter (ia): companies deciding they don't have resources to customize for every environment; html5 meant to standardize
Whatever happens tomorrow, we have today.
ur the cutest baby ever (': can't wait for u to grow up and see this!<3 (:
#askzayn Have you boys even been told off for being yourselves??
. Ha! Would dearly love to engage, but local battles make taking on another front impractical as this time.
Leadership in the professional world takes effective communication, high-level thinking, and integrity. Foster these qualities in employees.
RT me from 2011: Is there a term for when AI behavior in games leads to unrealistically perfect decision making?
Congrats to my bestest friend on getting her job!! She so deserves it and we need to celebrate tonight!!!
hope u like Florida!this is my home state!:)
Tonk's inaugural trip to the VA. A little scared; I told him most DC residents are scared to cross into the VA
listening to boyfriend with my belieber brother :) <3
Meeting my celebrity crush #priceless #Induetime Who you ask Don't Worry bout it
and I booked our flights. Let's go
My boyfriend >
We are a volunteer run group, & it' s hard to keep up with staff that works elsewhere full time. Anyone else?
Watching the #Packers game alone from the green room at work. Sad.
I'll be honest...I just got a #diabloboner watching more Diablo I videos. C'mon May 15th!
I still have a stomach ache from yesterday. Ugh.
There have been requests for a beer booze camp. I'm gonna need to talk to the fine folks
Game night with Aka time for you all to checkout some hyebye! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
Just Shaking My Head Mann To This GAME!!! #HeatNation Still No Matter What.!!
Holy hell Nick Nolte looks ruuuuufff.
so true! I much prefer mission to chipotle and free birds etc.
WoW, Westbrook airlines open for Business
Lemieux's second and permanent retirement came in 2006, shortly after being diagnosed with atrial fibrillation.
thx u 4 supporting statement as Ann Romney had a LOT of help raising those boys unlike most stay @ home moms!
For as much chatter as there was about #Dolphins planning massive improvements this offseason, they look to be regressing quickly.
Hey - oh! RT : Walker has turned Pittsburgh Pirates 19 straight losing seasons into 2-decade dynastic glory
what a joke...shame on BA. They've lost my business.....
I need to get my money up so I can go to Disney World.
why does it feel like friday
If I do say so myself, Brantley Gilbert is quite attractive.
Week 4 is on tonight at 7:40 pm with on Whose got the Mic Next? Tune in!!
lay down and count sheep 👍
": Never look back unless you are planning to go that way. Henry David Thoreau #quote #rocktheretweet RT "
Is there a difference between age restriction on cigarettes & alcohol and what SFO & NYC are doing w/ Happy Meals?
Everyday is #EARTHDAY at ! We will recycle your old Macs/PCs, hard drives, cell phones, iPods/iPhones or small electronics 4 free
Life is too short to not do what you want
#citytalk Public/Private partnership - Is Hope VI in US really working?
Back on twitter. New Job is finally sliding into place. Wassup, y'all?
Brooks at #NEASC11 What would improve political discourse? Modesty (knowing you might not be 100% right). Bourbon (or just talking together)
Normaly im so strong but i cant wake up on the bathroom floor like a thousand times before knowing that forever isnt what we think...
Just saw your post about being born in the wrong time period. :-) I SO relate!!!!!
R O C K in the USA.
For a black girl I sure do have some white feet
THE city? MY city? Rock on!!
Hey Vegas! Call into KUNV NOW to pledge your $upport for Neon Reverb Radio! $50 gets you a NRR t-shirt designed by Flock! 7028951234
RT : dear please cover the 13 passengers of grey hound who were thrown off the bus, for being with the #OWS movement.....
Such a great program, "" on
Like. “: my foe is the pavement, my therapist is the next hill :) #trailrunning”
Grease is the One that We Want - Leominster Champion
No it's not too late! Call today. 914-533-0333. xoxoxo
Yoooo...headed back now son...they ran out of dookie ropes so I got you the rubberband joints...LOL.
Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote
it us oh. Its just a pedophile attack
Does anyone else get pumped when a prince song comes on the radio?
From : Poll shows SD loves #TheKiss, #SurfingMadonna, #SoledadCross. "most popular" among voters in same poll.
RT : Government brand: you are the protagonist for quality of life.
#welcome back my tl missed you lol
I find it HIGHLY ironic that you are posting this on twitter.
Yay! RT : Proud of my sister. Her essay --"Azeroth," published in AGNI -- has won a Pushcart Prize.
HAPPY HALLoWEEN
Home from Crossfit and some grocery shopping. Not going back out. Everything is prepared. And so, let us pour...
I know i forgot to tell u something while you was here
Thank you for your heartfelt tribute to Hubert Sumlin Friday night. I could feel the love & Hubert was smiling down no doubt.
It's funny, you have a gf yet you flirt with everyone. Way to be committed
How long will it take to buy a #MegaMillions tickets? I'm heading out now - I'll report back.
A lot of people are gonna owe me blow jobs when Jr KOs Sergio!! A LOT of people!
You clean your food before you eat it =)
Time change might hurt, but I think it has dropped off because of Monday's.. so how much more could it hurt?
We're excited to celebrate Becky Sykes as she receives the Special Recognition Award at Nat'l Philanthropy Day tomorrow!...
Mother monster come to peru please
SEXUAL BEHAVIOR AFTER LONG-TERM REHABILITATION: PSYCHOLOGIC AND SOCIOLOGIC VARIABLES
Plans for the weekend involve bars. This has been a public service announcement.
Please make that a promise.
yea boy
My stomach hurts too.
Done with pleasure, Stephen!
we would love if you could follow us on here please =) -Kayla & Patience
oh, just catching up on timeline, I see some beat me to that observation...
O I love that you have a jeep! Its the vehicle you were born to have. 3pm on Sat!
Great personal stories from and Chair Rosie Mendoza Now tell us your story
right on! peace!
SchoolBoy Q is a beast.
you were staring. I wake up and see you right by me just staring. #creeper:)
RT : Just a prime example of the silos that exist in health care today. Where is the team work and the collaboration?
haha I ain't know what I was doin, she took over from jump
Just cut to the chase...or should I say cut to the motel, hotel, Holiday Inn (say what?)
Sundance is this weekend... What are you doing? Are you there or are you making, acting or doing crew work with a film?
Whoa! I totally didn't know The Four Seasons sang "December, 1963." Total DERP moment! O_O
-- I'm in LA but I enjoy Santa Barbara -- the American Rivera
"Be" the kind of person you want to be be friends with, work with and fall in love with - than watch the energetic exchange happen!
gonna do a few more things before bed, well goodnight!
Any pick could be a bust, but based on scout coverage + college performance, couldn't be happier with the #Patriots first round selections
To you lucky-ass peeps going to the Jane's Addiction gig tonite -- have fun & send a modified fist pump or two to Perry & the boys for me
mail me some.lol
Thanks for the LOVE on !!!!
congrats to ur bro
THE DRUGS NEVER WORKED THEY'RE GONNA GIVE YOU A SMIRK
haha no problem!
Freaking out on the old jail cells. #ghostadventures (via )
it would be nice if you wished me a happy birthday(;
RT : three model bitches, cocaine on the sink...And I'm so bout it bout it I might roll up in a tank
can't wait for your interview on #fashionstar for ! =)
Why so bitter, Truvia? Oh, I get it. You're trying to wean me off the gauche practice of sweetening my coffee. Thanks, it's working.
One of the greatest reasons why these should be seriously employed as a source of marketing is their feasibility.
Die Hard movies on both AMC & FX, that's a good night in the sports office ... I mean we're working hard, watching sports
aite I'll hit you up
My boyfriend needs to get off work. I'm ready to have a good time ;)
I don't know...
Doesn't matter how much money you pour in, - a monkey dressed in silk, a monkey 'tis still.
I got chewed up outside when we were looking for bugs omg I'm do itchy Dx, I didn't even know wtf it was yesterday
That short nap>>
My method (doing it right now): 1. Look at my comments on the original essay 2. Look at the revisions 3. Type "unfixed" 4. GOTO 1
That is great! I love my bobble head!
i BEEN GOOD AND URSELF?
"Ambition has one heel nailed in well, though she stretch her fingers to touch the heavens." Lao Tzu
Goin to sleep twitter
Wow. That's serious redundancy. I don't even plug in my camera to get photos off. No way I swing that diligence in backup
Feel the need to reread Marbury v. Madison
Purchase my books
Will you ladies quit talking about melons! ;)
Truth. ": The best way to grow your business is to put your big goals down to ninety-day chunks."
Holy Santa clause shit my head hurts! Good night!
Im Sorry I Just Wanna Remember The Name I Remember Your Face.!
#HIRING #CONTROLLER Accounting Manager in SOUTH FLORIDA - must have FOOD #MANUFACTURING experience contact me on kimberly.mclaren…
thanks and you rock to bud :)
Girls are sneaky, I'll give em that. Ha
oh no! Who's missing this? RT : Found a MacBook charger in breakout room 1
Hello, Bruce!
at least you got to see it haha. I haven't been able to get down there.
Im hungry i need something to eat lol (thats that fat shi*) lol
What movie did you say you're in again?
I'm trying to clean my room...
Sometimes I cannot believe "how people behave"....then I remember I used to behave just like some of them. CHOOSE LOVE.
“ Air Bud > Lakers”
Good luck to the DC Spartans Co-Ed Basketball team tonight!!! Finish Strong!
YES!!!! *fist pumps*": Steve McQueen, Adepero Oduye and Chiwetel Ejiofor working together...LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!"
In college, I made a film using (digitized) 8mm footage my grandfather shot during the 1940s-60s.
now we talkin' street journalism!
awww you're too sweet
Washington State
Aww =( yeahh, my ex GF tried Taking her own life after I moved. Long story short, she was my 1rst & my mom & her mom found
Hey im planning on doing tue or thur what time should I get there for the line?
So are we! RT Looking forward to the artist talk tonight!
I love making new friends !
white or something light colors.
I wish I had some cake
Haven't had fast food for about 2 1/2 weeks. I'm proud of myself.
Flying saucer with
If Faried was smart, he'd foul Kobe in the stomach, causing him to pee out his butt!
Mum came to watch the movie with us. What a bum, shes makin us restart it lol
see ya soon
Support your local bookstores and request COLLABORATE OR PERISH! today!
can i have a bad bitch without no flaw
Let's go LA!
please follow me i voted for yall over 30 times and im a dedicated mindless fan<3
hahaha I'll take your word for it. How's Pari?
Let's go #Seneca Wallace!!
Teaching children that unquestioned faith is a virtue primes them..to grow up into potentially lethal weapons for future jihads or crusades"
The more the merrier!
question for Canzano: who is the Blazer MVP this year?
please do not feed fruit loops to the koala.
Bronson: "I did the crime but I didn't intend to do it. I wouldn't hurt a fly & if I would have hit somebody I would have stopped." Knew CPR
RT Exercising on an empty stomach makes you more likely to LOSE MUSCLE! Have a 100-200 calorie snack first.
My parents rush me out of the house but yet when I'm already out they are still in there for about 10 mins.
Thanks for the RTs!!!!!
How do you break up with a cop on Valentine's Day?...or just break up with a cop, for that matter?...
I can't even imagine writing a symphony. Talented people in this world....
Thanks Tracey.
ya, didn't realize they were all the same and it didn't matter. Interesting, I guess my ending just made more sense than others did
Everyone PLZ FOLLOW Kentucky's SON! Medal of Honor AND True Hero! REAL Inspiration to EVERY1!! Thank HIM for His Cont Service
OH: See you on the command line
ha.ha.ha. its jakob. Yes. Its with a k now.
WebDAM is pro internet, creativity and innovation. Show your support against
Happy eve eve!
. don't listen to It's all about the Brewers!
Don't be such an attention whore!
you too, safe travels man. And let's leave the biking to Hrapsky, haha
ed sheeran jam session
It's a sad day for ! Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys died today! The music industry has truly lost a great!
I use Twidroid and think it is pretty great.
Thanks for becomeing a fan , Welcome Heather! :)
We're still here....
Cool pics in your gallery w/ you & your lady doing adventure sports. Live life to the fullest and embrace it. (1/2).
New tutorials up on our website! Check it out www.wearelux.com
ill help lol
j Stewart or Brandon Jacobs at 2 rb?
he drinks Johnny Walker black & red bull. For a fact. “: Congrats to Yuniesky Betancourt for finally making it to the post season.”
Dam DID BAMA WIN OR IM DREAMING
Treat others the way you'd like to be treated.
We just got out of rehearsal about 50 minutes ago. Good session! Bummed about missing Delta Spirit at Webster Hall tonight.
