how u
I feel the same way with Trending. What doe that mean exactly?
Finally got back on twitter what's up with you?!😃
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'Clash of the Ratchets'
Dam me huh
Wish I never met this chick ... Hoe straight bugging WTF!
#TheUsociety is a family of Ambitious young men and women that believe in going after there dreams!
New Logo, same snowcones!
Dell Talks 13G PowerEdge Servers as 12th Generation Hits Market
taking away features when people upstate is a horrible thing to do
Dammit I still have some eyeliner on from yesterday's rehearsal-
You'll never look back. It's a de-papering addiction.
I keep telling myself you not worth it but when I hurt myself everything is the opposite.
they be trappin', they be slingin'. i be rappin', i be singin'. i am not your cup of tea but who made you the king of england?
So why hurt you? Thats the question, it took this long for me to learn my lesson
smoking, pedicures, coffee, and heroin
Orange Leaf tomorrow with and #twitterless Jordan before the game. #VarsitySwag :)
You are talking about #ChristianMoerlein Lager House, yes?
Kennywood and the zoo tomorrow :) No school :D
u r always twisted sir
Thankful for my wife!
I been good
first tweet in three days
Some courses are taught in intense manner in two days and for some training is given on one night per week which continues for 12 weeks
Minnesota school leaders gather for a summit on bullying today. Details coming up on the
SO 2 cast/crew of for a great shoot today. New footage on the way! MiraSteinzor GerdelBusto
Just start swapping "whine" for "wine" and you'll be good.
Turned Yankees game on radio and 1st thing I heard was a Luke Scott HR. That's my cue to turn game off.
what's this?
Printing on paper gives landowners reasons to grow trees. Print IS sustainable! SOS Printing is an FSC Certified Printer
need to be lookin at #Princetons #15... #justsayin - go ivy right quick
Im bout to have Wale playing all night...
Like the term contributor as well.
Empty fridge? Empty stomach? We've got it under control.
I am cooking up some killer designs as we speak
meant witch doctors are hard to play as due to quick mana usage
Cutting off an ambulance is just bad karma...
RT : Paraphrasing Don Betts at the Winnipeg WP Meetup "Bad design is unethical."
well thank you (:
Lol. Just referring to your trade idea...
Hows the fight, im working
Most of what the VA is doing these days is still going to the Vietnam generation, it's going to be that way for a long time
omg. I will hoist a beer this evening in our honor. 15 years. Man.
Teaching Jen how to tweet :D
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. --Henry David Thoreau
going to sleep to wake up in an hour. shiaaaaat.
Bike friends: notice that after the road construction on Washington, the so-called "bike lane," is gone?
You're 13 years old, you smoke, you're not a virgin, and you wear more make-up than you do clothes. Your mother must be so proud of you.
yessir! now, how can i help more?
Been learned when you hold em' up too high, It'll just make the drop worse
WHAT. Now I demand to know!!!
is getting 1.4B ad impressions/ month (and that stat doesn't annoy me, because their opt in/out targeting is thoughtful)
love u more!!
How long before these #sonics go out of business , man they give #fastfood a bad name
DCcarlisle, thanks for following us on Twitter!
nice article on using scenarios to keep elearning real in T&D magazine!
I just added "Meat Sweats Survivor" to my bio. What's in yours?
Learning about sex in health.
Bret, thanks much. Looking forward to getting your resume/headshot. Best, Matthew
you are about 30 minutes from me. I do wanna take a drive up the Mountain now.
Can't drink all day unless you start in the morning.
and Portland makes a desperation and pointless 3 pointer as time expires to lose by 3 instead of 6,
One of the keys to achieving a life of freedom is to define what freedom means to you.
Here in class day dreaming on what life will be like after all of this is done.. BIG DREAMS!!!
Do u wanna see me laughing wivout u? :)
No one to talk to... What a familiar feeling.
I wish I was never famous
Wow -that is a stellar lineup, but I don't think I will make it.
Good Luck , , , in Series finale today in Athens!!
yeah! Back at ya!
I kinda feel like doing nothing
haha, still on the second part of that one?
Thanks Bookmarked that one - now if I can figure out how to find it
Tea makes me pe alot .
Very excited for Los Ranchos farmers market tomorrow and Fishhugger salmon! Here, fishy, fishy!
Put em' up!
Glad that your kitteh and my doggeh are at = cuteness levels :)
that song makes me feel like I am being violently bored to death
I wonder the same thing!
Ask about our beef buns special tonight! We know you'll love it!
Yuck, it's slushing out!
If anyone from the Columbus Crew comes to the station, will you let me know? I know a young man who is a big fan.
I decided to get a Cuba libre instead of dinner.
We are excited about SUPER BOWL SUNDAY!! Come and and get started with a fresh breakfast taco,Migas, Tostadas and much more. Go Packs!!
only that it be collaborative (so far).
English pubs are always the greatest. No questions.
I've been forgetting my phone a lot lately.
Question from a fare: Hey Murph, why are people working longer hours and getting paid less?
July 20th! Station 4 - playing with and - cya there!
We <3 and hash-tagging!
I have zero energy no way I can stop this flow of waterfalls, makes me sick to my stomach how dare I
I haven't gone a week without listening to Casimir Pulaski day at least once for the past year; about to download the whole album.
Don't sleep on my lakers
Our thoughts are with the families impacted by the DFW tornadoes.
that sounds like a so much fun...
Nba 2k12 is the fakest bullshit game i ever played
Agree with I NEVER click on a pinned tweet. No need to clutter the stream.
Remember when we shot a video in Boulder?
I don't believe they account for reliability.
there will be no miracles here...
: same with this lady here...she was for real going through a thang...
yeah buddy yeah buddy! Did I ever tell u HAPPY BRITHDAY!
Second day in a row eating skyline....
No, I wish.Soon :) Have you?
Listening to some jazz flute on 88.1 tonight.
Great stuff. Gandolf at the end is the best.
So close! Help us reach 2000 Followers!
You can either have results or excuses.
#OppositeBandNames The Black Polka Dots.... (The White Stripes) (x
I have the same problem.
#Romney is in 3rd place in both primary states, behind both #Santorum & #Gingrich. I suspect it will stay that way.
I need something to do bad.
you ok you done you suck at life
I vote Moon Pie RT : I vote that the next unnamed version of #android should be called peanut brittle.
I can't find a hair clip but I can find about 10 pairs of iPhone head phones...hmm...
already done.
Enjoying life!
RT if you have done something for others today!
We will be traveling a lot this year, so we hope to meet you, or even see you again! Old friends and new too!
Celebrate summer as we explore the amazing world of science in The Bakken Museum's incredible outdoor gardens.Saturdays in Aug & Sept 10-4p
Truth is truth, it matters not from where or who it came. If a truths origin alone is the only way to make it "So" then belief becomes void.
HEY FOLLOWERS! new TT #WereNotFriendsIf RT this for a follow back.
impressive, but what about on on-screen keyboard?
PM me cuz my fone is a piece of crap and takes forever to write a txt
I dropped my phone at the bottom of lake Michigan :(
Please tell your lovers and friends that Usher, Jon and Luda had to do it again ;)
She will be loved
touche' my friend....pathetic
thank you, also how do I post my biz in the directory
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to spend a weekend with her.
god damn!
Bounce A Gyal!!
sacramento kings
Enjoyed our time at the 3rd Annual GO GREEN EVENT @ Windermere Village! Thanks to Reaping Nature Productions and Denise Carleton!
Here's to the Directioners who weren't here in the beginning, but will be here supporting them till the end.
my Ethiopian queen? Been a minute. Follow me and add me on FB. .
Firing up the waffelbot
Everyone look at the youtube channel #tysonthibodeau . He has hilarious videos! Haha
Yeah! That's a pretty sweet deal.
Thats not fun!
Love it!
haha same & doing my damn research paper -.-
hello kay~ good morning~ love you my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
I haven't checked my mail in a day, so I'll let you know when i get home. did you get yours?
I am. And I'm taking my family of four.
That happens to me all the time. For me it's because after I download a song and slide it to y iTunes I delete the icon from...
feels good to co/inspire
congrats on 2 million hun! see ya in june <3
Hummas and veggies. Cheese and crackers.Anything and Marshmallow Fluff. (There's no "e" in marshmellow? Who knew.)
Today in Blues History: Blues artist Dr. John was born Malcolm John Rebennack, Jr., November 21, 1940, in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Watching some highlights from the last GOP debate..... All issues aside - there's something about Newt that rings my alarm bells ....
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
"Toss me aside like a broken Russian doll!"
Market tanks again......yet, my stocks went up, way up. Better review my portfolio.
good morning I'm in the office now, at home mine has a timer so it's done when my alarm goes off. Thanks for your service
Feel like if I watch the new Google Chrome commercial drunk I might bawl.
Hah! Is it "tessaract" or "tesseract"? Maybe I should just call it "Macguffin cube."
There it is! :) theres that wonderful chain. :-)
The ONE chance I had to write a song with Kenton is gone because my video isn't uploading I'm pretty much crushed!
Hey come check out this new clothing line, follow eugene clothing
I love my family. "No one called you in here so there's no reason for you to open your mouth."
I'm either really feeling myself at the moment or really feeling beside myself. It's a true toss up...,
Energies for good things in operation...
Follow back pretty please !!
most likely because she had point for sexy little rewards online, and you can redeem them for cool prizes :) I work there.
Congrats too to and the rest of the Jr Kings 18s -- what a gutty performance today at TSC!
Checking sound. /te
I dig your work, pal!
It's Friday, thank God! Made it thru Teenage Wonder's first semester as college student, don't know who's more tired, me or him!
I can't imagine running more than13mi(w/o walking). 50 is mind blowing! You and others like you are AMAZING!! Good luck to you :)
Paragon Innovations Designs FemCath Mirror, Groundbreaking Product Giving Female Patients More Confidence, Freedom
TAYLOR GANG
McDonalds, beach, cigars.
you're awesome! I wish every band had fans like you!
</3 you broke my heart
RT : each & every wine is loved by me I produce. some r easy to work with like kids and some r more difficult
I don't think he was disputing that, just saying some "footnotes" are more relevant than others, no?
This girl is on the phone and blasting her ipod at the same time. I hate my generation.
Excellent: It's not your client's job to remember you. It is your obigation and responsibility to make sure they don't have the chance to…
Did you start on the 1st?
Get a break from the pace of downtown #indy , Stop in & get a dose of the tropics!
I love how the Tom Brady one pissed off all the Patriot "fans" guess the bandwagon is still rolling
Had a long day today. I'm tired and a bit irritable.*sighs*
Woke up and asked 21 questions whatever happend to good morning smh
: Hey there! Seriously-lol-i am such a goof! Trying to figure out the twitter password! Lol
Ooh! I forgot about trailers. Just looking for some general insight. Would you mind if I emailed you?
I'm not a gardener but I play one when my GF wants to role play.
Cute in the Avi...you look good too ;-p
VERY good stuff and what a shame about ShoreBank. Thanks for keeping us informed. Say 'hi' to Sean B from UNCA.
I think my wisdom tooth cumin n
“A true hero is not someone who thinks about doing what is right, but one that simply does what is right without thinking!”
Painting in the headquarters.
I heard the gear is in. So excited to get my gear!
science is a dildoe.
Quick Question: Who wins, Duke or Baylor?
what kind of makeup do you wear?
That's sad.
I haven't seen it officially but there have been a lot of television writers I follow on Twitter talking about it.
Was just asked to put my John Hancock on some flyers for this play. Interesting...
where can I get one??!!
ill follow back in a sec.
Just don't feel like doing homework...
dude wtf, i click "purchase" on the last step for my sigur ros tickets and your system completely dies??? COME ON
ill probs end up beating my head off the wall all night
the same people who shit at a club
Skype me and message me for name
I'm not too proud to declare that "Last Dance" was my favorite song senior year of highschool. Godspeed,
MY FAVORITE POLKA? "Tick, tick, tick tock. Goes the clock on the wall..." April 17 is four days away #deadline,
You Are The Reason My Middle Finger Was Created.
Definitely done that before! I understand how you feel <3
I used proactiv when I was in college & it works if you follow the regimen,plus the technology has advanced since I had it. :)
Oh no, it's #snowing again. Winter will be over someday, right?
“: Fox's Gus Johnson calling World Cup games? Seven years is a long time, but it could happen.” - please God no...
#idRatherHave a beautiful mind over a beautiful body
I just posted a video of Cesar Millan, "The Dog Whisperer" and myself here on my profile. A message of encouragement and hope for college g…
two old ladies sitting in the park when a flasher comes along and flashes em. One has a stroke and the other couldn't reach. ROFL :)
I love how people in Georgia are so sweet and friendly. Must be that southern charm thing.
Hey In case of spam monster redux, notifying you that I responded to your email. ;-)
ya u shuld try bruh. Im on my ipod right now n the link aint poppin up. ill check it in da mornin doe
Now sleep for a few...on news channel 6 in the morning with my #BlackRVA Family!! Gnite luvs 💋😘
5. Forever I believe my work is done...Then I start back at one
Quotes from Alan Moore dissing both the potential readers and the creators of Before Watchmen...I'm almost shocked.
Nice Card
Easter: The day that Jesus slapped YOLO in the face
Boston club royale was off da hook last night, jumped on plane at 5am and already in vegas! Poker time
even if so much of it was relevant to my roommate, last night's "bad tina" episode of bob's burgers was one of the best yet...
thanks dude! RT “: Your power of love tee is clever. Keep up the creativity and good luck.”
I hate running into my former "sisters" who glare like I'm the scum of the earth and non-existent!
You're welcome.
I don't think there's a fresher nigga over 250 than the kid... U kno! It's a few close but!!
Feeling nostalgia for eras I never experienced.
oh god, they firewalled Texts From Last Night at work. help.
Snacked on a delish snickerdoodle this PM nothin else to report except I'm hongry for another.
im on it
I gets no love :)
hahaha. Over/Under on runs scored in the series?
Scoring more points won't hurt either. RT “: If the Pacers win the rebounding battle in this second half, they'll win this game.”
girl yes! this orgo is no joke - I can't wait to be done with it for a while
BOOM, roasted RT : that show smash! (it's for musical geeks)
Have you got a specialty you want to show to the world? Google Places lets you do just that to boost your business.
It's about time, I was wondering when people start taking notice of #Bahain. We need more people paying attention.
Success doesn't come to you...you go to it.
Save your recordings to view in the future
praying for you!
Teeth kill.... I swear the day I get my braces off. I'll be the happiest girl on this planet!
thank baby geeezus for vasilia and that website <3
Great social media panel! Fcommerce, #Facebook commerce, hm... They get 30%. Not trivial...
Thanks! #DETROPIA will be opening in select cities in September! Like us on Facebook for updates!
I'm gonna kill you Payton! lol
Sort of odd: like to put things in dropbox and then read via the cellphone client in bed...
thank you!
You guys looked amazing! I saw pics at Granny's. Glad you had a great night! <3
Yall make sure u checkout new tape production frm on dat thang
lol lucky I want to be in bed. I'm tired tonight :(
Today I had the urge to ask Siri a question but then realized she doesn't live in my iPhone4 without the S.
Test of voting equipment finished - and successful! On to Election Day, Tuesday, May 8.
Oh word so good
Let's blog to get things done!!!!
new nomination: Hawk Harrelson
News just said 6in of snow on Monday. Guess I will delay staying in my new house a few days.
QOTD and it's ONLY 8:30am: "WHY are you trying to make decisions?!?!" Everyone is challenged to use this once today.
with happy houring before #rapture hits WA.
Delighted to learn that (MJP project manager and former JJQ intern) has been admitted to NEH summer seminar on Joyce. Congrats!
look for the stinky hummer. Might come by you. Had me at red velvet!! Lol!
Uh oh... Kobe has 14 points in the first quarter. It's gonna be one of those nights for him! Sorry Denver
I kinda want to though...like on something ridiculous!!
Thanks Helen!
Happy girls are the prettiest.
nice. Got to hear roses are free in colorado.
he not here,these guys only -28bb & he didn't want to get off his sleep schedule + laundry issues + traveling w that blender
"How to Respond to Any Situation" I'm mentally challenged on my father's side.
sweet I can't wait! :-)
do you remember when flew on a flight as the only passenger?
I really hope that Trek 2 has some next gen characters interacting with NuKirk and NuSpok. Fingers crossed.
Oh , the polkadot princess. I love you so much, Mondo. :D
Yes indeed. I saw it in 3D at a 4K cinema. Story, dialog, effects, sound. Everything was there. (And two bonus scenes! :)
all your answers are belong to Rebecca.
A soapy tit wank????
I feel like it! I passed out at 8 and woke up at 9 lol I feel like Ren and Stimpy's HappyHappyJoyJoy song in physical form
In 1996 average internet usage was 30 minutes an hour. (Audience laughter!)
not really
BookHolders has tons of locations for buybacks today! Come see us at Walgreens on Fletcher & Bruce B Downs, 42nd st, and Avalon apartments.
#beauty shoots next two weeks!
love love loving all the cool info as it happens jojo!!
same. My kitty unrolls the toilet paper on a daily basis.
Maulers timeout with 1, _1_ second on game clock
Dream it, Achieve it !!
Applied for Hoping to make the cut.
I hope we get janurary
lol i will tweet in the name of that blue bird of all that is twitter lol
If I lose something, unless it's my remote or my phone, I don't even look for it, I just be like "hell, it will pop up one day"
hey rick:)
..have a new mix, a sic Electro and Top 20 mix.. Gonna post it soon...
577 players in field today 945 total in the two day 1s. Glad one Southern poker series still going strong!
Lord, we don't need another meadow.
Thanks to and makeup tips I've stayed shine/oil free and matte all day! I love
Gregor Blanco leads off 8th w/SF's 3rd IF hit of game; picking on Tulowitzki's replacement at SS, but dont think even Tulo makes that play
God is with you in all that you do. - Genesis 21:22
Watch the College National Championship at #whiskeytango Monday Night!!!
No,Marlo did not say she wanted to "make it rain" in the club in Africa!!!
Now obsessed with & gossip girl... #completelyfabbb!
how do you upload songs to your youtube channel?
Angry Blake Griffin is my favorite type of Blake Griffin.
I am inexplicably delighted by the Manchu Wok every time I fly through CLT... But I won't be on the way to #MSA12 today
GAMEDAY at Sessions Stadium! hosts Mercer at 1pm Come out and enjoy this beautiful day with some baseball!
Today's BTU inspiration: "May my soul bloom in love for all existence." ~Rudolf Steiner
re: the o'reilly book - I wish, but unlikely. :(
Read a book? Mow the lawn? Spackle the den? Martinize your shorts? Eat Olive Loaf till you puke? Okay not all of them work.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 83
Love this show #TheTalk and the guest hosts from back in my day.
lol, we got plenty!!!
Yeah, but we're better!
possibly getting a Motorola Droid RAZR this weekend
Rushing to the airport with no food in my belly!
I NEED MORE PEOPLE FOLLOWING ME SO I CAN FOLLOW EVERYONE THATS FOLLOWING ME ME:-(
Off to church then Starbucks, games and newsletters. Love Sundays
writing this
Holy shit. Just looked closely at a bottle of Mrs. Butterworth. She's an old white lady! I feel so deceived.
yes! And warped? Rose might come too!
I WANT TO PUNCH CHRIS COLLINSWORTH-LESS DIRECTLY IN HIS MOUTH! WOW I CAN'T STAND HIM!
u gotta retweet the link vicky!
I've been doing A LOT of self assessment, I need to involve more peer assessment.
RT : Romney up by 4 in Illinois. I'm calling it now -- he's going to lose there. The tide has shifted. Santorum is coming/surging?
Very proud of you. YOU did it. Great job. I am sorry I cannot be there. But still love you the same. You are family.
R&B is my medicine
Congrats! Today, Sacramento. Tomorrow, the world.
I see Y it ass is n west boons farm and shit lol
#AllMyChildren being cancelled. ugh...grew up with that soap
Sure thing!!!
Hey Ladies, How was Diva night?! Find any great buys?
What's Worst The Pain Or The Hangover ??
re tweet that same shit and see what happens....
Merry Christmas
I'm not sure I trust MS Word's thesaurus. Surely "educationalist" isn't a synonym for "teacher"?
Looking forward to meeting you today at ! Thanks for the invite! Quite sure it will be Fabulous!
Swedish Meat Flaps > Swedish Meatballs?
Know how to ask. There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier. Baltasar Gracian
Very quiet in the street. Already.
The only thing better than Hairspray, that's me! :D
What the smell?
Got plans next Saturday evening November 5th????
Lebron winning the MVP is cool with me, the man is the BEST player in the World.
Happy birthday x1
Lack of Tony nominations spell doom for two plays: will close May 6 and will follow on May 12.
In theory anyways ;) Thanks for the mention.
This party a-go selloff. Gettin packed already.
OMG THE ENDING OF SEASON 3 FOR #TVD D': CREYS I CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON 4
Most interesting thing learned @ conference so far: Brazil has compulsory voting. Related: Brazil has a problem w/vote-buying.
you didn't mean it
Wat u cooking
I do not like what I see happening with #Firefox. Not at all. Time to explore other options as my goto browser
Thank you!! RT : Nope. Super overrated. RT : Just finished the movie Drive. Am I the only one underwhelmed by it?
Confs make me feel important. RT : Only a few more weeks until the NACE conference...YAY professional development
work out those glutes! ;p and i'm just cleaning my house. -.-
i love seeing "denormalize" as a "do" when talking about data
about them for long but I have longer then them.
just said she would eat a cricket covered in chocolate for $5. Let's make this happen.
bouut to gt in traffic wit my mom thou, lol
Are you happy with the way your home rose to greet you this morning? If not, time to hire an interior designer.
Sports writers love them, too, since they're usually the ones who report on the threat before it even has to be made by the team.
how do you pick?! They are so good together!
To get to the other side?
Seriously. This is getting ridiculous lol
My takeaways: Asik has no clutch gene. C.J. Watson is the goat. Sick, sick loss. Sorry, Bulls fans.
nothing really... Anything new w/ u?
My favorite thing about Pacer games is if I can't watch it all I have to do is check Twitter. and have every update
The Used is playing next week and I really wanna go, but I don't wanna go alone :c
A code of silence inside prison leaves rapists free 2 act w/ impunity. Every society must monitor its prisons
Social Media Monitoring Tools increase your knowledge of public opinion and manage reputation #ICUCLNL via Marketing
Would you rather smell a bums pocket or give the bum a manicure? Time to find out once and for all!
Come on Packers get in the game!!!
so true!
Your welcome, a big jonas fan. :)
We are so psyched about all our actors, but especially our young actors. So excited about this project. Magical!
BalanceLady Designs show...sucessful & fun! Hosting Bridal Shower on Sunday. What an eventful week! Need a vacation! Nashville here I come!
put in a good word ;p haha
": - Amazing designs I would never want to eat your cakes they are too amazing to cut into!" Tks UR2 Sweet!
oh that gets no response back on the txt side and a dial tone on the phone lol just me
what about running one in Cardiff or the valleys ??
“It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.” 😊
Oh I could join you on this topic tonight. I'm anti anyone w a Y chromosome tonight.
if , and followed me back, i'd be the happiest girl on this PLANET <3333333 :D
follow me please! I love u Matt:$
Like free stuff? Eating at Tommy Bahama? Say "RELAX" to your waitperson before 4/19 - it's the password.
New York hip meets Midwest gothic in "Catfish" (2010), a docu-thriller that gently unmasks a woman w/ multiple Facebook personality disorder
I know the week just started but i want it to be Friday already!
haha that was slag ass Aaron and his sexy Tune Circus suuurreeee
This Easter Sunday Catholic mass is all stand up, sit down, up, down, up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, Start.
Green is going to cost this game. WTF was he doing??
Cameron is a hot girl....
Chilled with a new friend from Alaska, got a yearly scholarship for $18,000 and it's amazing outside on campus
Pray with Faith! If you believe God can, God will!
I Promise to love You Forever- Every Single Day of Forever.
where is that?
Join one of Lily's FREE guided cultural tours today. Amazing #Keauhou history shared.
All smiles this morning happy its Thursday.. , one more day! get you tickets already!
“: #Libra's only like to wear the best clothes.”
Smokers are likely to develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums & suffer bone loss. www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm Use CloSYS!!!
um excuse me, i was listening to this song when i read this.
what no. I'm ok with being sassy bffs but you know who my heart belongs to.
Hail to the king shut out in game one for King Henrik 😄👍👏🏆
What troubles are ya having with the accordion menu?
I ain't even tryna drink it's comin out like water
(Rich) Tweeting from live investigation Saturday night at house 8:30pm eastern.
Twitter is a microcosm, and my feed is tailored to people like me. Not representative of larger conversations elsewhere.
My Week With Marilyn was amazing. Loved it! =)
Starting now!! #sociologist 's talk "Social Communication in the Twitter Age" in Brown Lab
People are booing about birth control?!? WTF
I never claim to be a philosopher of any sort. I live life, and choose to share some journeys with the world around me. That said,
RT : "No Fate But What We Make"
Atlas Shrugged Part 2
it was in reply to a conversation we had a bit ago. a whoops on my part.
Will be praying.
I'm a hoarder when it comes to deleting apps off my phone.
Chicken butt ?
I've done that before, although with Coca-cola or Mountain Dew. Co-workers had it, too, was like aliens communicating, so fast.
♀Trying to walk in faith without love is like having a flashlight with no battery♀
The hero is the one that stays and the villain is the one that splits
Haven't had filipino food in awhile *sigh
Ha. Neither did Joe in Joe vs the Volcano. (I find a fan, I don't let up. It's a character flaw of mine.)
Roasted eggplant with garlic, EVOO & parsley featured at #Tapas tonight
Phew! RT : Thank you again for the amazing talk today! We definitely support the new look, too. ; )
"Hangovers are nature's way of grounding you as an adult."
One way Pres is making my life harder: I have to wait a few extra days to watch football. #whodoeshethinkheis? Oh yeah....
HAPPY HOUR til 7! $3 select drafts, house wine, rail drinks!
Perfect nap day, no work, no homework.
hi Jess I'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup (cofounder) Send me an email
just looking at list of entries for midwest emmy awards & got chills. there are a total of 14 entries for our series category. yikes!
I was wild last night. end of story
wtf, the President wasn't even done talking & you cut out for commercials! Real classy!
Okay . well imma get Some MB Genre to Get on There (: shooo ! lmmfaooooooooo
oh I am!
You're welcome.
What's not to love
Looks like you guys are getting hit pretty hard right now. Should begin to clear up later this afternoon. Stay inside!
The 2012 Mayan prophecy is the first time White people have listened to Mexicans about anything.
RT : God Thank You !
See you next month! RT : had an awesome first time at first Friday! Definitely going again! :))
God helps those who do *Not* help themselves :-)
Haha, really? That's awesome(: I love Justin too! And I'll send you the link to my story tomorrow(:
Hey Stranger! How are you?
Waking up to Starbucks >>>
New twitter icon. Miss you!
Electric is a good word for the T&M. Can't wait. Hopefully see you there!
nope never heard of them? Would I like them?
My love Follow me PLEASE PLEASE.. You is very BEAUTIFUL !!!! Love youu
LOLOL #LIES!!!! I'm too cute to fight ugly hoes!!! LOL
oh my Jesus Griffin! You should invite to Hoot Fest! I will definitely go, if he goes! <3
Nicely done Katie , there are exactly 150 restaurants participating in Seattle Restaurant Week this year.
I love getting freaked out. After a crazy night and then the next morning thinking i lost my wallet. Hahaha #Everything'sgonnabeokay
Blue October and Imogene heap #softstartfortheday:-)
My Chemical Pancake.
Exhibits hours for Saturday - 9am - 5pm Be sure to stop in and see what's buzzing on the floor.
This time they tweeted ferocious and mercenary
Getting ready for our trip to Key Lime Cove water park in #Gurnee. The kids are pumped!!
went to the doctors
Knowledge is power, so I am a student to the world.
The best part about Friday's is #FF mentions. They are the best and deserve an award.
of course I can! (: aww YOU'RE so pretty! (: thank you though! I'm good, how about you??
Planning new cosplays. Ohayo con here I come.
Occam's razor would conclude that DOJ wouldn't do Tapie Deal, Pokerstars came in. FTP and TAPIE got pissed and made offer start new corp.
Chris Martin has an earring now? WTF?
Don't live by stereotypes.
#hacknight is tonight at Reno Collective. What are you working on?
great idea :)
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh so now I have groupies that's what's up
If you find a path without obstacles, it probably doesn't lead to anywhere ~ ANON~ I LOVE THIS don't run away from the Struggle!
how about dating me! Laser Show Pedroia!
Oh really? I'm not really into celebrity news or shows like that. I miss him on the radio. He's opinionated, but super smart.
well said!
It's Hump Day! Friday is so close, yet so far... how are you staying busy?
As long as Barça is winning, it will be THE place to be :)
Bitter Sweet!!!
Awww I hope your weekend goes better!
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breast
#Avengers> 2 thumbs up sons choice!
I keep seeing people on motorcycles here in LA and now I'm thinking I want one too!
RT : It is what it is And, it shall be what it is!
Our bros THE HECKS open up for Black Dice tonight! whoa! MOONRISES play free at E. Bottle. Zang! Get in it, Chicago!
Each year, Americans throw away 25 trillion Styrofoam cups. Let's be green and use re-usable cups!
have a great day !!!!
Unbelievable progress on our promo. It's going to be a beautiful thing. Should be ready to release in two weeks. Very excited & inspired!
I like how Texas was an option, when it actually isn't :-P
I had not seen Pencil before. Points for open-source!
Uncle Charlie should've been there!!!
Amen. RT : im ready for happy hour
you told me to take my time that's exactly what I did
Feeling a lot better :)
I bet the first lady is blackmailing the president ...
. SEASON.OPENER THIS SAT 5/28 at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County http:://n-xbl.com.
Must have!! RT : Make sure to purchase your #ChispaBox ladies!
Now designing mobile sites and iphone apps |
traffic school? ;)
Okay. :) RT : okay, and get a shoebox.d:
Do you mean the weather or what?
aways remember that, no matter how useless you feel, you're someones reason to smile
Actually, the UC's high bond rating means that the state uses it as a cash cow; UC takes out loans then loans it to the state.
R. I. P. Mc. A- luvd the Beastie Boys!! Only 47, life is a gift so please dont take it for a joke. Health is big factor in our small world!
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY INJURE THE FORT
Glad we have trust. oh wait.
Ssssswwwwaaagggg LUV #BOYFRIEND ah listened to It twice and i already kbow half of da song ah
Wondering how my friend and his network made it through the storms? You OK? Need help?
the rodeo houston coming and i need to find a date... just saying!!
Even though it doesn't feel like it here in #ABQ, Happy First Day of Spring!
playing a free show tonight. Come get some 1/2 priced wells. $5 Fireball Whiskey shots.
1st Lady Lucy Hayes had first White House telephone installed on this date after demo by Alexander Graham Bell. The WH phone number: 1
MT : Memo to : HS fb games will be played 8/24 & 8/31. Plz try to avoid them. As much as we like Graham Harrell...
nun and i owe the school sum money
#iLoveMyMomBecause what's not to love
That's exactly how I feel tanner I couldn't make it without u and u could have anyone and u chose me :)
It's a new week! Make smart choices and reap the rewards!
I'm creating a chain link thing to countdown!
At 20 years of age the will reigns, at 30 the wit, at 40 the judgment.
wanna hear a joke about potassium?
It's unbelievable how ONE text can make your day! :)
You know its not really winter when ducks are in the pond by your house
How will I ever get to sleep tonight when my heart is still a-flutter from coming face to face with Tom Colicchio today?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you avoid going to court where you will likely lose all chance of reconciliation.
where are you moving to?!?!
Agreed - great idea! RT : I think I'm 2 the point 2 abandon #e20 tag & only use #socbiz - it's more relevant in my mind
jermaine finally got me hooked when he let loose in soul man with shuffling shelton. Who knew he had the moves.
Just sang...horribly I might add. At least I get to play Apples to Apples with a load of people. Kind of feels like a drug ring.
RT : TT: "I've gone crazy," when asked about trading up twice in the same round.
14 minutes in and I'm already pained and have grumbled uncomfortably 32 times.
Best of luck on the GMAT!
Okay I am Done Trying To Get Twitter Jail ! (: its Getting boring trying to Figure out what to Tweet and i have to go wash my hair (: lmfao
Romney no need 4 you to worry about the poor – they got their Food Stamps, free school lunches, Food Banks and all sorts of other goodies.
7-Eleven to launch low-cal Slurpee Lite The 7-Eleven chain is launching Slurpee Lite, a low-calorie version of its popular frozen drink t
Getting Started with Affiliate Marketing in 6 Easy Steps
#oomf game is weak....
Stfu u stupid ass. nobody likes an attention whore. smh
Pay attention we're LIVE! #XFactor LOL:)
#PLACES this Thursday @ 7: Will DeBoer on the Final Resting Place (cemeteries=awesome) & Deborah Harrison on Haunted Manitou Springs!
Glad you find our tree site useful! :)
I'm a mainstream moron. What do comes to mind when you think of "hip?" especially with women and clothing...
I should put together a video telling the people who don't follow us on Twitter about Stubs.
I'm still sick as hell *cough* *cough* i hope this cold goes away soon....nothing worse than working while being sick :-(
love you too ❤
West Palm Beach: This Sat @ Swamp Grass Willy's ALL AGES show with Johnny Cakes and The Four Horsemen of The Apocalypso plus the Jellyfish
What a wonderful talk — felt expansive and exciting. Thank you.
Omg yes! Can u email it to me?
I hope all who supported my fight for marriage equality will also support my fight for our children's education.
is it bad that the intro is my favorite track on Dreamchasers 2?
watched the #bachelorette tonight. i usually like bachelor seasons better, but it's summer and what else is on?
Santa,Boise State would like a kicker for xmas
thankk youu boo! Love u too
Thanks for sharing these #LinkedIn tips to maximize groups. Very helpful!
Florida ya girl's comin' home
Happy Valentine’s Day! Did you know that George and Martha Washington were married for over 40 years?
ugh. just got mine in the mail, too.
good luck fool!
just had to mess wit ya lol
Great end to the night! :-)
GODS GIVING US EVEN MORE CHANCES
Trending things not just for our role model but for her mamma too! #ItsAnArianatorThing ♥
Hate on me haters. I'm going to do me with u or without you.
Dragon Box 4 from FUNi Channel?
haha you should have known or been in contact!
#Cavs win!!!! Nice team effort tonight
Thinks if u r wearing glasses at the tip of ur nose 2 drive + have 2 keep adjusting them 2 C, u shouldn't B driving or U need new eye doc!
Gotta Love Cole Hamels admitting to hitting that punk Harper! Time to sign him
I've been trying to figure that out for 7 years, I'll let you know when I get it
Good day :)
honestly I pretend like nothing ever happened. I just block everything out and pay attention to the music.
if it makes Dollars, it make CENTS.
Google; Poster Printing NYC
Downloaded and started using SG Project OnePage. So far, so good.
does thay mean I get a free download when you make it?
I'll be pricing it at $.99 in the beginning so that everyone can get a taste on Undead Zed
I guess 'seductive' is too sexually charged a word for my computer's thesaurus to contain. Apparently 'Jesus' is okay, though
no problem
I hate when things get tweeted out of order
I have to work with the crackhead today. Commence annoying/ pissed off tweets in 1 hour 15 minutes
how did you get involved in public affair for the USAF?
Drew throws darts!
We've got #Sunny95 playing this morning in our office! The non-stop Christmas music puts everyone in such a jolly mood! :)
We're asking the top 100 DJ's around the globe to check out #AMP. If you love music check these DJ's out. They are the best of the best.
I want a book and a poster so damn bad! lol
College kids...whatcha gonna do? I hope mine don't end up on YouTube someday
Make sure you vote today-polls in Virginia close at 7 pm and you must be in line by then... Thanks!
Waiting for the coffee to kick in *twitting thumbs
NCAA kicks off today! Tonight is Oregon vs Boise St at 7:15pm.
Still trying to conduct work -_-
now you know
Dude- sorry that was in response to ur DM lol! Yes, send me your latest work, would love to see it.
I voted 50 times for you :) #messengers all the way!!!! :) go Colton!!!!
u friends with or do you despise him. #justcuriouse that dejavu shit u cant fuck with though.
thanks, given up hope for it today 😏
I speak the truth , but I guess that's a foreign language to yall ..
If I text you an essay with a thesis statement, good topic sentences, and a well devised conclusion, I expect more than a "K"!
#SUMMER-- the time of hot and warm weather! We'd like to know: what's your favorite #summerflower?
hey any chance you'd be interested in skyping into the class for a Q&A when they're done with MTL? They'd love it!
holy shit, look at you! you little sneak! you're so sweet. :* RT : i long to be as stellar as bri griffith..
I really Never lost nobody that I was really cool wit n till now....SO I may not No how 2 handle dis (R.I.P Rodney)
Heading to be sure to check out the #Freekbot show tomorrow! Hit me up if you're upstate!
I hope Dylan Bundy is still playing for Delmarva when they make first trip to WV. That could be a fun matchup to be at.
I use Waze bc the iPhone lacks a native turn by turn GPS. Don't use gamification much. it's interesting when they have themes
Bitches get laid.
I will if I haven't already. I have a weak memory in memorizing movie names as I watch many :-P
Come check at the Pilsen Community Market today...last one of the season!
My riding buddy and I did 27 miles RT on the Towpath on Saturday. Ouch!
the seniors didn't pull a prank lol...
Congrats to Butler University, University of Arkansas at Little Rock, Oakland Golden Grizzlies for making the big dance!!
should start the first hour of the show singing time passages haha. I think people would dig it!
Nice meeting you yesterday!
Next is Drama
you in Seattle??
Let Lawson run the point.
Dude, my grandpa, when my mom was little gave it away to her friend. That same friend disappeared, and they never found the body
this is my secret super hero identity
How is everyone's day going?
I'm bout to take a hot shower.... I might as well since I can't sleep
Patron wanted me to find a quote's source. Found it on a photo of a plaque in a 1972 newsletter after zooming in
Leading Edge makes learning fun! Contact us today to learn more about our programs, flexible hours, and affordable pricing!
RT I am #standingwithmark because bullying is never ok...esp not in church. #gc12love #gc2012 . And all means all.
Then what did she ask Siri? “: Eating cheeseburgers, scribbling on guitars, writing songs with :)”
Yeah! Sounds like you deserve it!
The Gymanimals are fighting childhood obesity by throwing the biggest skating party of the Year!!! The Gymanimals Beginning Of Summer Skate…
#HowToMakeItInAmerica take what yours ...leave no prisoners
If no one gets more than 50% of vote in Portland Mayor's race, top two advance to November. Polls suggest run-off almost certainty. But who?
"Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it." ~ Cullen Hightower... HAPPY WEEKEND ;)
My Pleasure - Good Stuff There
New client's social media is so screwed up, it's now on hour forty in cleaning up old (failed) initiatives.
Stand beside me Let me see what those hands hide Don't be scared about me I am here just to see you die
It pisses me off my brother got a 2010 corolla
Can't believe I'm already setting up a blog post about what to wear for Memorial Day Weekend! Summer here I come ...
if decides to go this year I may tag along, and if I tag along I may decide to do a lightning talk... we'll see ;)
Seriously, when the loved one is out of town, you will lose weight. It happens to me every time
I did signed it but it works for real??
I may have just introduced my seventeen year old son to Pippa Middleton's ass.
sweet dreams.
Damn, heard someone saw a rat at the sushi spot I go to all the time...gotta find a new place now!
ha! Learned about it from you!
So no more women will be told no to a raise because they don't support family like the men.
Boy do I know someone who wants to attend Media Day!
Thanks, You scare me haha, that fu***** video... I will not sleep tonight lol anyway good prank!
RT : RT RT IF UR BDAY IS IN JUNE SO I CAN TELL U HOW GREAT U ARE AS IF U DIDNT KNOW ALREADY
RT : A burger with peanut butter and spam??!! Sounds so crazy it just might work...
": LeRoy Butler will announce the #Packers second- or third-round pick. NFL using alumni again." This is pretty awesome though
word. Traveling?
Respect that. Know how lucky you are bruh that you get to. Have a good one fam.
thanks dawn! would love to chat more if you want...
"Fragile. Do not drop." -- Posted on a Boeing 757
"Be prepared that a conversation is coming back to you," adds Listen to the feedback & make changes, if you need.
Hey, how's the MMA going?
we belong at the top but we aint trippin cuzz we get there in a minute
Just started! Thought-provoking debate - social media in museums. Session goes live @ 3pm! Follow
Have a productive week unless you have made other plans to couch potato the final week of Jan!
WHO DAT!!! LETS GO SAINTS
Our trail work event is this Sat. from 9-12. Who's in for a run afterwards?
F yeah dude! We will see you there!! Only 2 1/2 weeks away!
Voter number 29.
Here's to the passing of my 20th year on earth, as well as my 1st spent with Justin. Today rocks.
Jim Crow has not died....or even retired!
STEMCELLS......... Challenging the incurable diseases that devastate ours lives and the lives of our loved ones.
I hate whe She feel asleep early cuz now Im up with no one to talk to but creepers on on here lol jp
I just wanna go jump in a pool
Hope these weights pay off kuz this is not fun
hi u in Seattle? nice to see a female doin her thing
RT : Beta is dead! .mov files rule! Welcome to HD. All our highlights and sponsor elements are on hard drives
Long walks on the beach with the devil.
$$$ DOE... RT : I'm on the same ish feeling like crap
Thanks again to ALL of you for a FABULOUS show/night at the LG Arena, Birmingham on Friday night, and also to Oritse and i
Can you hear the music play? You can hear the voices in the air but they are so far away.
the maloik is real.
I love people who like me. For their good taste!
This the game he turns it all around??
Is it crazy windy where you are ? All I hear is breezin' at my window!
Endless music tonight!!!!
Focusing my thoughts into action this afternoon is like herding cats on catnip. So many fun distractions to follow.
I am just so impressed with the Libyan rebels and NATO! I hope they use this opportunity to create a free society.
Last night's show with the CCCP and Rico Pabon at Disco Volante was sick. Rocking.
What's a good song? Old, new. I don't care. I just need some new songs on my ipod. haha
...they just need a recognizable jingle...
Looking forward 2 spending time w/ Kathy and 1 special girl from on tonight's Tuesday's Child segment @ 5pm & 10pm
you just noticing that
RT : Want to know the secret to success? NEVER envy or wish bad on someone's good fortune. Chose to be inspired instead...y'all
Just watched video - Chubbs is precious! Thanks for sharing.
Yes, most people piling on haven't like Ryan for a long time anyway. Now they have something to latch onto besides UW's pace.
vicki tomorrow night. SUNDAY! we just added !
Dont let your talent go to waste #makemusic #success stay inspired even if u have to inspire yourself
yeah, but don't know for how long. They want me to go on a job tonite.
Yup. Pissed me off during promo when ppl were saying Tommy couldn't play. Dumbasses don't know a thing about performing.
Great service and tailgate party at ALWC today! Thanks to all the awesome people who give and serve to make days like today happen.
13 monkeys at the nu art.
Ok, millions of people say they love Niall. I'm one of them. I honest love him. If I knew him, I would do absolutely anything for him.
I'm going with a Dog-N-Shake shirt.
My boy #Lucroy!! First homer of the season!!
THIS!!! --> RT Shaunie O'neal should be embarrassed for allowing such a bully like to do that to another person.
But He Ain't Tell Me Nun.
thanks for the follow - coming again this year? : )
Have a wonderful birthday !!!
Had fun the other night!!! Get over to my house right now if you want some nose candy!
Love that!
I think so.
Interesting to see how poorly video does in this FB insights sample.
Hiya my name is Mason today I am the guest tweeter for pretty awesome what this race is helping
yes please! It is only Monday and this is already the worst week ever...so not my day. Just want to go home!
haha we spotted him when watching the other day
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Getting over a cold, eating Cheez-its, listening to Top Tech Trends from Midwinter, catching up on email, was last night's House a good one?
“ The niggas gossip more then these bitches.” u sure
#JOHN CENA IS SEXY
Smells so good! Tx for the rec! :) RT I brought mine in to share with the women during our 3-day retreat!
They're perpetuating a horrible culture that's affecting even student leaders
Wow your acting lvl is like porno Cheap and unrehearsed
ICYMI Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions @ #PurdueCalumet this aft. to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day
not worried at all.
My dream last night was that Google cancelled the #AdWords program and we both lost our jobs. Happy Mothers Day!
Happy Friday!
my friends made up term for farting lol
#NP "Like Someone In Love" Sarah Vaughan
Victorious ' Ariana Grande Shows She 's a Fashionista to Watch It looks like the Tinseltown trend of stylish teen queens isn 't coming to
Good Moanin ppl
Florida beer Swamp Ape. Every swig tastes different.
I HAVE BIG #BOOBS MEHHHH:(((((
": I need more followers help a girl out #TeamDJPaulyD" @ thanks girl
Sipping some delicious Gin! cc
Did something I'd never do for anyone else today lol
SO DIS WHERE EVERY BODY AT 2 NITE?!!! OKAY! HELLO WORLD!!
R.I.P. MCA- beastie boys were part of the soundtrack of my childhood.
Follow Friday
silky pants
GOTTA FIND SUM FOOD & GET 2 THIS HEAT VS KNICKS GAME. TIME 2 CLOSE EM OUT U NEED MY $$$
no problem. 74 not a surprise tho. tiger hates tpc and never plays well there
Politicians can learn from musicians who must listen to each other to create perfect harmony. Politicians refuse to listen & create discord.
LMFAOOOO! Drake?! come on man! LOL!!!
you should bring the warmth to Denver. Its a blizzarding!
I love both your followers and who you follow, though with who you follow, the love is spread a little less thin :)
#geekend #fa115 passion = determination against all odds
man come get me let's hang lol
The Weeknd is the best singer there ever was or will be.
no really. 2 teams, each in a city I lived in. One favorite. likes every team he has ever seen play.
“: “: "... Love each other. Just as I have loved u, U should love each other." That's my favorite verse!! -KB
everyone follow she is new on twitter.. she follows backk!
ipad 3 eh? 2047x1536 is one hell of a resolution. Too bad videos are going to be all stretched since few/none use a resolution that high!
Melville House Press sells those...
aww what a nice surprise! Pls kit!
And as for Gladiator that's fine, is long as it's accompanied by a photo montage of Russell Crowe...
Cable TV & internet service interruption from
": text me" I need your number!
love that I am not the only one up early and working all day!
Wow, treasure that time together!!! It's not everyone who can go to BD class with their mom!!!
She's only for the show; She'll never understand the making of it
LOL, they're a favorite here too! RT : there will be squealing over the journals with the scooter riding dogs.
Just finished watching NCIS: Los Angeles, Congrats man. I enjoyed it.
Stackexchange: a perfect case of frostbite from the cold presumption of what you surely must already know if you're asking that question.
gets down on mixtape covers!!!
Can't wait to try out the new Lion OS...
Jus paid for my myrtle beach trip...Black bike weekend,I'm coming back..Super hype now to Bring this Bmw s1000 RR out..
I just wanted to say hi and thanks for following me! :) I also like JB for his passion and talent but I also love him for his..
oh no! but so many cute ones out there....
If you sneeze too hard you can fracture a rib.If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
who is that in the picture
Today was a good day.
cuz it's in 3D. I own the DVD. Same reason I saw lion king in 3d to feel like in there petting simba
Are you talking about Freddy?
How's his car?
I feel weird googling "how do you say butt in French" while at work.
me too. Dad has perm ringing in his ears from 'Nam so we have to "yell" a lot. Doesn't seem that loud to me & sis but it is
I got my hot chocolate.c:
awarded a $10,000 scholarship today for getting a GPA better than 3.0 cumulative all 4 years of high school
They just sung #HappyBirthday to me lolsz im feel special
No, they talk a good game about mothers but they're not going to do anything for low income stay home mothers
What about ROI (on yr social media effort)? Better question is "what do I get in return?"
lmao The black you've encountered don't... Not all of them. But I understand. Bur trust, their not much different..
school is def back in session the gym is packed morning seshes from now on
Reason 1: You want someone with your industry or product knowledge. If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now.
Hahah I win bro she gave me the yummy
bus 40 min late, cust srvc closed early and you dumbasses are raising fares! WTF?
The logistical expertise fandom has built up over decades of cons is not evident at #worldcon09. Oh for talents of LASFS, MCFI, et al
Okay...resolving to stop reading comments on CNN, USA Today, Yahoo, etc. The stupid, racist comments are so rampant it's sickening.
good times good times
I foresee a massage in my near future. and lotsa lotsa water and gatorade. maybe even pedialite. I like the grape flavor.
THEY DID!!! i posted a pic of a K hood and captioned "now THIS is a suspicious hood"
I want to say Dublin, but I don't think we're going to just stay there. Might golf a little since they're famous for it.
Only you Louis! Hahaha(:
hope you at least covered the spread
Rider beware: traffic, and therefore buses, on the verge of apocalypse
Ugh this guy annoys me 😒
wats good bro
#wordoftheday Cockalorum (n) a boastful and self-important person. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
Sleep > everything else
that would be tomorrow.......Sunday!
The notion of naming ones genitalia has always seemed childish until I thought to do it after MST3K: Cambot! Gypsy! Tom Servo! CROW!
Four people away from our 1000th follower! Who will it be! RT!
yea it is defintely geared towards blacks and minorities in general. I saw an asian in there too.lol. smh.
this is why we can't go to nice places. Do we have to photographic evidence of the water battle?
Your welcome!! I LOVE making people happy!!:)
hey are you in Florida this week?
Thank you & for standing up for women today. When discussing women's health, our voices deserve to be heard.
YEAH BUT I DIDNT KNOW HOW TO ADD THE MUSIC AND YAY TELL HER I LOVE HER <3
the Instagram papparazzi is always out
work!! weird that I live in MKE again.
DM me your email and ill send it to you :)
Somebody better buy you something stiff and I don't mean a body.
For sure. Same to you.
Look like a man, dress like a woman...
We love Demand Force! What a great tool!
how was everything for you yesterday?
wtf you cant even do that?
Take a look @ www.AxeOffUSA.com. I'ts a monthly guitar playing contest in New Orleans, LA @ Hard Rock Cafe.
have you seen manuel delanda's movies?
Great seeing you all last night, who's hung over? Raise your hand!
-- id hope so, he's #fugly. But now it looks like she's trying to get closer to Jesus by gettin with #TimTebow. God help us lol
lmao I wanna hear this!
my DREAM job!!
Storage Unit June - Renting a Storage Unit and want to stop paying $50 to $150? Place your cool stuff for AUCTION with BId Daddy Auctions
Our generation is fucked up o:
The E-Trade Baby has become too weird...
It was inspiring to see #EvoNexus successfully help SD startups land big opportunities with major corporations. Keep it up!
Why am I dealing with everyones drama. Fuck this... IMA GO EAT ME SOME ICE CREAMM!!
the holy bean
Dyed my hair dark...Going for that Pocahontas look
Great meeting today for us
going riding with my friend Wylene today! Gonna practice some gaming... gonna be awesome! =) <3
I want to see 1D to dallas or houston tx id cry if its sold out plzz help
lmao! Just took 2 seconds but by the time I finish typing will be 10. Btw...u read slow if it takes u that long to read 24 words!
Greatest season in #Brewers history. Glad I'm old enough to appreciate. Last time they were this good, I was 4.
shocking that you didn't answer my question
lol i cant call i have no other phone in the house, and i checked all over i even took everything off my bed and went under
Leaving Boyle Heights. The Hood.
thank you.
I love him tho
I really love #3 on the list "tell little human stories." :)
show notes!
Did you laugh and pee your pants? BC I did :) YOUR BIRTHDAY IS SON
I will be there next week Friday !! I am going to miss my guys though until Mike comes
my really good friends name is Kaitlyn! Mine is Bridget
RT : sporting wins 7th straight/royals lose seventh straight/hm
congrats on your multiple emmy noms!
Looking to sell my car.
Cops are looking for someone in chelsea ridge what? o.o
Take a sec to help me WIN! Unlock my badge @ www.kupoz.com/kupozchic I am really close! Thank you!
I see y'all
what a night in #cincy! I love this city! but who invited bambi?
the one night when we were all tweeting each other and u were with and yeah!! u know
Looking for 2 INTERNS for this spring..if interested contact me at
do u know what twitter is??ucan follow everyone u want too..if u dont ill unfollow u.no worries :)
Yeah, at least one fatality.
follow me
Go I'm happy to be part of your team!!!! Yea!!!
Doing Death Of The Weekend this Sunday w/ and more. ! 10:30pm! Free!
What do a roomba, a ghost, raisins, and an El platform have in common?
Hit us up if you're in NYC tomorrow during the day. We're filming a little something.
you are right on about Good! Was thinking the same thing last night watching Deliver Us from Eva.
What's your favorite thing about business travel? For me, it is the food. Nothing like foods you can't recognize and shouldn't ask about.
How's it going cousin?
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Spokeswoman 4 tells me they won't change Gov's Fishing Opener May 12 on Lake Waconia even if legislature changes opener to May 5.
Regretting not flying home for spring break - I didn't get to sit in the airport and people watch.
Ever checked out WebCamWindow.com before?
JSD clinic is in Austin today!
Just cause you get light skin bitches dont mean they bad #LOSER lol
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Carrot Ginger.Sugar free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Tears from my eyes keep on falling.. Wait its not cuz I miss u, its these damn onions I keep cutting..
so excited for cougar town tonight! I've missed you guys!
Its sucks that I cannot watch my favorite WNBA player the rest of season... Get that knee to work soon CP3 ! :)
Mowing my grandma's lawn. She's ninety and still thinks she needs to guilt trip me into doing it :p
IHEC Blog SPAM: "I will be social bookmarking your online net website i genuinely can simply amass way up via the possible."
The 2011 DIY Street Fair kicks off this thursday at The Loving Touch. Performances by K.I.D.S., The Sights, and MORE! www.diystreetfair.com
She can ask for donations from local business in her county.Ask for help from local historical and state historical society.
Yea but it's very cheap check out rebelriotpromotions.tumblr.com :)
you can HEAR the producer talking to the host!!!!
I have spent golden week shopping. At sogo, lake town mall, and odakyu. No more money :(
lookin forward to tonight #twitterlesspat.. etc have fun at 's
I do I love hard core pawn
Nerves for school tomorrow
Just remembered how badly bein single suks :/
you made an academic award for a sports team?
depends on what the color is it's usually no more than 60 for both :)
#MagicNumber = 8; Saw it in person with
It's tomorrow night at Wright's Unity Temple in Oak Park. RT - Evening Leadership Event with
#blues looking confused, shocked. #kings dominating right now, in great position heading back to LA.
Black Veil Sexy
The House paused today to remember Ellery Hatfield and Don Bragg on the 6th Anniversary of the Aracoma Alma Mine explosion.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the child ish is over time for growing up ....*looks at sophomore and junior yrs* why is ppl still on kid shit?!?
Turned a normal bar into a rave. #Win?
good to meet you!
everyone knows but me. I don't take the bus often.
Since the Zorich survey of DH centers published by CLIR in 2008, has anyone assembled a more up-to-date list of DH centers (US & abroad)?
RE: Monday "Fun Day." Lord save us from the "chronically cheerful."
M... I do love oatmeal. Could be a good use for my Benton's ham stock too. Or risotto. Or... steel-cut oatmeal risotto!
"The supreme reality of our time is ...the vulnerability of our planet."
It's our last week to host a party at #KinkiThursday. Let's do it big one last time!
I realize... Somethings you gotta do yourself. Even if you gotta go at it alone.
Setting up my twitter world
Walking around NYC in cowboy boots is a hoot
I'm about to get gangster big on twitter! Can I get a woot woot from my 10 followers!
#NoLies RT Rihanna deserves those nominations for billboard. She puts out fresh music every year. She's forever relevant.
Now at $83k. $17k left to go. We're going to get there! Thanks to all who have helped. The generosity of strangers is humbling to behold.
Morning! Small steps add up to leaps and bounds! Always remember that when trying to reach your goals. Patience and persistence= success!!!
Love the giggles! Happy New Year to all!
And here’s a related credit card saving money tip: simply call your credit card company and ask for a lower interest rate
Negative ghostrider. The pattern is full.
turnovers are the causal factor there. The Lakers were taking care of the ball like a JV team.
take a shot for me oh oh oh oh
I would love to dance with Austin.
Happy Easter everyone have a great day!!!
Most unbelievable soccer match I've ever watched, absolutely unreal
When people are afraid of what people think of them. Lol, sucks for you. Stop trying to fit in. :)
Rappers are Ru-Paul, I'm the Kool Aid Man comin through your fuckin wall - Gangrene
Well you better figure them out... quick!!
hope recovery goes according to plan!! glad surgery went well :) get better soon! <3
good good oo
thanks Ralph! :)
Raise your hand if you googled "Ab Strain"? (hand up)
RT : RT : Everybody wanna hit da lottery but nobody wanna work and go get it! ==> they worked for the dolloar they ...
Top NBA picks will suffer the most if there's no season. Even with endorsement deals, nobody knows who they are.
I knoww. I was laughing at how her little legs were goin when she was dancing, lemme give her some fried chicken&collard greens
Breaking the rules and watching the #Creighton game online - come on boys, you can do it!
Brian Newman workshops going really well. Great turnout for Saturday's. One last today and then ... "get to work?"
You can't tell me Avicii's song Levels doesn't put you in a good ass mood. Never will get old.
Don't let the gloomy weather keep you away--relax with a tan or massage at 123 W. Madison!
And the social media final comes down to vs. Already voted today, we're up by 300
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together.
also Sears warehouse in Lawernceville. Scratch and dent but come with full warranty. Bought refrig, stove there.
you grew whiskers!!
That last check in was in honor of the one and only
it all comes down to the grower. Both coasts have some great talent.
I just shake my head through the entire thing. I can't not watch. It's like bearing witness to the birth of a three-head calf.
A lead coming back to the same site a couple of times in the same day may be an indication a sales rep should give them a call
hahah thanks sweet girl! Totally found it in my moms old clothes! Rockin the retro (;
just did =D
Krieger,a bigger man and a hardened warrior supports his prince, Sebastian;steam rises as drops of his warm blood rain onto the cold ground.
and not sure that RB/WR/CB combo is gonna be enough to make up the 27 points we beat you by in 2 games last season ;)
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 21
Almost Died?
Too much homework u.u
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
#All Girls Are Beautiful inside and out so go out there and live your dreams!!
Colton Dixon would make a great John Hughes character.
Leaving school to re-dye my hair and coming back after.
I've been with these crazy ass friends of mine all day I'm to tired.
Have y'all been up to the Cascades in Washington? Beautiful land there too!
750AM The Game just said security around the Timbers fans at Quakes game to "rope (them) in".
Will do! RT : Enjoy ur brats & beer at the Tweets lots so I can live vicariously. :)
is definitely hot right now
good game today. Heading back from the game now.
Diggin this rain for a little
I can't find the phone for Matt :(
What's the move??
Bacon makes everything better
I'm still waiting for one of my Facebook Friends to say, "Good Morning!" Oh God...this might be a terrible day!
if you're lucky you might end up with a mug & a magnet.
What? No questions? Buju... no questions? I want more images!
Today is National Honesty Day & #Chadevans2 passed a polygraph. If that's not a sign! #wronglyconvicted & needs to be home w. his family
i just ate a muffin and it made me hungrier.
Happy Mothers Day mom.!(:
NYC seems to be really attracting the big dogs of silicon valley. Tech boom in the city.
will be there opening home game, please all I want for Christmas is for u to use that frame to drive to the bucket and avg.15ftat
Do I see you have move to Arkansas from Minneapolis?
< u seem like a cool chick,i be sayin lil shit bout u just 2 make my dog mad bcuz he likes u...so I apologize okay?
The hidden ball trick gets them every time.
April Fool's Day is for cynics and suckers. Cynics love it and suckers like me hate it.
Well, singing Adele in my room. How how I love her. She is amazing. Going to sleep soon.
If Cinderella can get her prince charming without taking her dress off, then so can you.
Any guitars would be appreciated. Thanks!
Breakfast:Biscuits & African Farmers sausage topped w/ homemade gravy! Lunch:Fresh baked roll stuffed w/ sausage & unique spinach & feta mix
Come on Get it straight. It's San Ysidro. Your staff should know better.
I don't know who you talking to...but you preaching Doc....
Me as well. Had to turn off Bull & Fox.
Great time at Jabberwocky tonight. Sandra Harris won the contest!
I need to get out of the retail business. I can't stand people at all. Especially old ass people.
That was all part of my master plan! ;-)
Back at ya! RT Happy following , and !
I haven't been to Crystal City in years -- last time I was there, it was no better than Rosslyn...has it changed much?
This tweet came from my Twitter app.
fed ex. Memphis is the base of fed ex, so he wouldn't be working for the competition
Secret to getting my script out without stumbling over my words (and therefore less editing): read it over super-fast before recording.
They done gave Joshua Ledet a jacket from Freddie Jackson's closet.
Word from Des Moines is that Vinnie Chulk has been called up to the
nice how long are you here and does your phone work now?
Its funny how your day can be made by the smallest things :D
another reason you shouldnt be hating on them. They're older than you so show some respect. I'm done.
The best part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it. The worse part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it.
I know right! I honestly looked for 10 months and I finally found myself back at that area. I like it.
My cab driver just said he brought earth, wind, n fire into Austin this wk. I told him I'm probably more impt. Pretty sure we're both lying.
would Tuesday 19 october around 17.00 h be ok for you?
Thanks for the props Stephen!
that sounds like a long day of cinematic goodness!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Mix tape coming soon give me shout outs and get me more followers I will return the favor!
Herman Cain quoted Pokemon in his statement to end his candidacy. Wait, what?
I break GOPer stereotypes. It hasn't come easy! Lol
Oh man. Hope that you heal up quickly! You deserve, at minimum, a 5 yr reprieve from health issues at this point.
I followed because you tweet about green. Would you rather I do not follow you?
Im good to Just got back from work not to long ago, how was the Winchester show
Remember that night when became mad and threw his notebook?
RT : I'm in the Mood to Kiss Until the Sun Rises, Sadly I Won't Be Getting What I Want -.- lol
just cleaning up my house before i get ready 4 work
RIP Steve Jobs
how hard is it to make grape drank, sugar water purple!
I just KNEW you of ALL people would both catch and appreciate my Batman tweets lol
AMEN! RT : RT Who depends on another mans table often dines late<- CC haha reminds me of RJ's house! :)
dude, I miss that van so much.
Miami-Dade County closer to launching home-grown CiRM for 311 operations. big win for #open311 #openapps #opengov. more soon.
what are words for if no one listens anymore
Got my Almond Milk YUMMY(:
what's the link?
