Watchin behind the music on biggy smalls...and this detective had some good leads on suge knight but lapd refuse to take on the case smh.
Antony, I'll definitely look him up, thanks for the response!
so tired stayed up til 4am getting my hair done now thats dedication
Damn, HGHS just tried us
BITCH. xD have fun at rotr though! ^-^
Heading out for a few days off; radio silence until next week. Have a great weekend, everyone.
I wish I could tweet some questions I receive on my #Yelp account :)
ADAM JONES with a MONSTER BLAST to put the O's up in the 15th inning! #oriolesmagic feel it happen!
Was very curious to hear if it *might* have something to do w/ not getting bunt down. Very very unlikely, but curious.
Psychological Fact: To dream that you have a crush on somebody is a literal reflection of your attraction & fascination for that person
The Brewers have a day off today. Let's take a look around at how the standings are shaping up!
BOXERCRAFT just licensed the Choosey Chicks brand!!! "Choosey Chicks by boxercraft" will launch next week at MAGIC in Las Vegas,
Doing my thing, producing. You?
Thought Kyle Kuric was the man...
Even though I do not support #OO anymore I was horrified by this image. Pure sadism.
Scary movie one is so funny haha
I am a huge Juventus fan in Serie A. In the Premier league, I usually like Arsenal.
Get the chiefs to put that on a shirt!
wheres that single?!
wonder if i'll ever do that!
Thx for the followup. All is good now. Just wallowing in your glory- a GREAT idea properly executed deserves nothing less!
when is your album coming out?? :)
Fun fact: your brain uses 20-30% of your total oxygen intake!
we love the Samurai!
Felt like old times
I gave her my heart, she gave me a pen.
Merry Christmas everyone! Have a beautiful day!
Hey strawberry Stoli and lemonade, did we just become best friends?
We can't decide what to cook for dinner. What do you suggest?
I accidentally have two copies of Aja in my iTunes so each time I listen to the album I hear each track twice in a row
America's naptime.
Alright we just waiting for the right time and the music is gonna be phenomenal I promise that, have I disappointed anyone yet?
- great presentation! good ideas and makes me realize I could do so much better
who Mauricio Salles just red carded for Gone from the game and ineligible for Monday's game 2
thanks! I must have been high and missed that. And thanks for the FLAC love.
Also saw local documentary film doc and frequent NY Times medicine columnist Ben Daitz MD doing interviews at the UNM med school today
I'm determined to get mentions from you that are not related to food. Time to diet! (starve).
Not one, but two v-necks? That's right tonight and tonight only I will be sporting the rare double V.
apologizing does not always mean your wrong. It just means you value your friendship more than your ego.
Production meeting at The Abbey with Corona & food :)
People wanna make a million dollars but dont put a million dollars worth of work into there craft
Someone just take me to Arlington.PLEEEEAAAASSSEEE.
75 degrees sounds nice in theory but not when it's mixed with monsoon-like rains!
I wish my hotel had a yearbook! So cute!
you're cool.
snow ball run is dope!
The worlds definition of love is Made up of fake relationships with painted smiles over frowns. Nothing is what it seem anymore.
the glory days. RT : I miss giving lessons on rap :(
thanks for coming out today Michael. We really appreciate it. Glad you liked the :)
have you seem Wrath of the titans? and I saw it this weekend.
Weekend Sale Save 10% off all products including SALE items. Use code: WEEKEND
I've never been this organized, made myself plan ahead or been so committed to anything in my life! Serious dedication!
Not being able to run tomorrow is killing me.
Hey #beerclub. What's up?
CAN'T WAIT!
A great way to spend a rainy Tuesday night...watching the original Halloween 2 :)
FUCK YOU FAG
so what does everyone think of the Nike jerseys?
check ur inbox lame
interested. There's also a sweet water event
1800s: First Principles + Free People = Unparalelled Prosperity. NOW: Free Nation + X + Y = Choked Economy. SIMPLE: Solve for X, Y & remove!
Blue Collar Wednesdays!! Come and get it! Show business card or come in work uniform and get 20% off your meal!!!
Congratulations to the #Nuggets for winning last night and forcing a game six! Who do you think was last night's MVP?
I'm excited for that (:
Were playing with Dangerous Summer and The Morning of August 12th!!! Contact us for tickets and more info!
it is when your a fame leech like her
Meeting a good friend at Huntington Beach Pier for dinner and drinks.
Stop by the blog and tell us about your favorite JPS books! jpsblog.org
So no one won the draft contest. So the 1st to contact me who entered the contest earlier wins the autograph
Gearing up for our 5th annual Day on the Docks this coming weekend! At MarineMax we do it right! Boats, food, good times on the water!!!!
That's so RAD! I LOVE Dave Grohl!
Okay so I'm on my phone & when I click the link to listen to Dementia I see the article but I can't find anything to click on to play it...
+|!!!+ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just noticed new avatar.
lets start hanging banners
except, I've now resorted to eating cheese as a procrastination tactic.
Yes! And how about actually addressing the biomechanical faults that caused the issue in the first place
The fact that Crave beat The Grey Plume as best new restaurant is a travesty.
I'm veryy sorryy to hear your sick, I hope you feel better!(:
we like how you operate :) ^ag
OMG. So glad to finally connect with you! Safe travels to Alabama and can't wait to work together! Woo hoo!
Work is going by so very slowly ! 5 more hours!
Terrible customer service at #southfield #bestbuy. Only 1 employee who know anything about camcorders and he is tied up. HELP
I would be fascinated to hear your theory on what Brownback's staff was trying to do.
Lol this is a good day!!
hahaha yes and because I felt sick in the morning :/
Time for Happy Hour to kick start the weekend! Stop by for some great barbecue this weekend!
hey now! That's not fair.
QR codes – have a plan and don't just slap it up there because it's the trend. Make it go somewhere interesting.
Thanks for following us the other day. We're following you back!
Please check out and her #Eugene marathon recap. Holy amazing.
Went to the pool yesterday. Had a great time, and set for the year on the tan part of things. Ouch. '-.-
M...probably not :/
Advice at cyberbullying seminar yesterday for teachers - join networks/sites your kids are on. See what's going on not just on FB.
*Reminder* don't open DM from me. It is spam..
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 313
So much for our blizzard... Roads are clear, yet the schools are closed in a panic. Lame... Wish I had the day off, though...
thanks so much. I will be sure to read this later on
YAY! I can't wait!
going to #knicks you will be missed in
get over what? A thug? Should be banned for life. Utter pest.
Undecided about a platform... Cancer Awareness or Save the Arts.. both hit close to home...
Bonus round for #30daysofbiking today. Biked to grocery store for dinner makings. One less trip by car. Woot!
Good morning virtual world. How many people have more friends here then in the real world?
That studio f-n van died out on me. And it's pouring rain.
Want to know which restaurants will be featured at the May 26 Silver Spoon Awards Party? Stay tuned!
Grind time.
Congrats, Mike and Sable team!
Back from a long vacation in India
Tornado in Forney reported just now.
“: Any status on Braun for this weekend? I am catching the game in San Fran Saturday!” - day to day (aren't we all...)
Almost Friday (:
Want to send a big thanks to everyone that has purchased tickets already! Very very good response!
Theres these really great songs and then you hear a reggae cover of it in a grocery store.....its like crapping on a greally good painting.
Actually, 8 Mile should just be re-made so it's Eminem vs GOP. Everyone knows Lickedy Split was the best battle anyway. That's Santorum.
Dare to dream!
Pappy's Funk Party tonight ! Pappy's gettin out the whippin stick and Momma's gettin some before Mothers Day Brunch tomorrow!
The local library has reduced hours, no doubt to save on personnel costs. Do you really need more reasons to be financially free?
If im not followin you back hit me wit a mention so i can follow you.
#THING I HATE
you're so cute. I wish all my guys friend's are as cute as you. I'm ugly. & your not.
Ditto! RT : thrilled to have u in LA sept 30 !!! Thanks for joining the fight against childhood cancer
notice giving the look of skepticism that a wise man knows to give
ha! “: Really need to change the name of Joe to Slow the Art of Coffee.”
thanks so much for checking us out! Means the world to us :)
Naw nigga I'm good son
Hey Cupcake lovers! Putting together a new Fall Menu...anything you would like to see???!!!!
Can someone please tell me why the beautiful days always happen when I'm stuck inside at work?
Ha, well he's sure doing a great job showing you all that you're not missing
My hands shake when I drink those. Be careful!
OMG my eyes BURRRRRNNNN
I was on the warrior news throwing up illuminati Cole World lol
how's your day going so far this awesome Morning
Still looking for that last minute meeting location?
RT : HIDE THE REMOTE! For every 2 hours of TV watching your risk of diabetes goes up 20%, says new AMA study.
#RWPRSA was fabulous! Made some great connections and learned so much more about
I don't wanna fuck any man bad enough to use the same toothbrush. Never.
A3: Broadway sports plays will happen until they stop making money -- remember they also must have relevant timing - these did
Pat Summitt is probably stepping down to recruit a young team of scientists that she can coach to an Alzheimer's cure within 2 years
you've been there twice hahaha. Ah, well I'm really upset so I had to go dance it off.
Hate science.
Windows down :)
It's the 6 most requested songs of the day! #MilwaukeesMostWanted starts at 8:00! Turn that 'ish on!
who wants to DM me im doing it now?
I could see the Galleria requiring one.. it's the GALLERIA. But Northpark? The upper-echelon version of Towneast? Smh. Smh.
You somehow manage to look like a crackhead AND be fat as fuck at the same time. Please don't have babies.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Good night beautiful people :D
Loved the Sanchez girl on !! She was great!!
They're so amazing. lol. voted on my mom's phone. my dad's phone, my phone and my grannys phone(;
fallow me:)
ha i do what i can!
Is the #Clippers and #Grizzlies the most exciting first round series to watch?
I am enjoying Angry Birds Space! Pretty fun. Thanks for mentioning it.
When Justins offline: JUSTIN PUT JERRY INSIDE ME!!!- When Justins online: I love you so much, your my inspiration #nsn #believe!
Spring break here I come
Thanks for the follow. VA guy? I was a Richmond Spider, back in the day. Keep working hard.
thanks :) Glad you like it!
awesome! Break legs! Be sure to post or add a link when you get a copy or stills! 😃
Full moon, shinin bright
We've secretly replaced the audience's popcorn with methamphetamine.
so this is now officially a PSA
Check your file sizes and fragmentation status....if you need to clean up your file...do it now...don't wait til busy season!
Planning on seeing the Rembrandt exhibition on Sunday
hey Chris whatsup?!:)
That is truly incredible. Compare 16,285 psi to the 14.7 psi of sea level. Deepest I've ever been is 80 feet.
Another dub for the Money Team
I have the next two days off and seriously want to play!
wow, at #wholefoods for lunch and #spicegirls are playing.
that was my day off. drat!
Spring break flew by, just like winter break...I'm not ready to go back to school:(
If I Get To 400 #followers My Friend And I Will Make A Video Of Us Dancing And Singing To #SOLISTEN From ! Plz Cody! 143!!<3
RT : Just sent off the first installment of chapters for the #SAP #HANA #ebook to layout team >Thx, Jeff. We're on it.
Have all these options , but I still Want You
Wow its humid tonight!
Wobegon.... WHERE ARE YOU???
He brought Pete home? Awkward.
I didnt actually READ my speeding ticket. I thought it was like the terms and conditions on a website. Who knew it had instructions.
"sodfather" hm creative !!!
lol...it really does. He makes me sick.
Good Luck
I am not a woman who argues. I have been operating in a false behavior and today I correct that behavior and become true to myself.
This Israel can do no wrong attitude had got to change in order for there to be real and lasting peace.
“: Gary's hoodie must smell the best”
I believe it's nap time!
It's time to do some ziplining this morning:)
When I wear flowers in my hair ________
My four groovy buttons! RT : My buttons! My buttons!
Did you hear about the stupid Kamikaze pilot ?He flew 57 missions !
Happy Wednesday Oakland!
No sleep, no talking , no smiles,wow just like school hahahaha...
Another time. Good luck with your paper!
Hey Roger, craziness of course! lol Thursday or Friday next week possibly? or beginning of following week?
Jessica, are you still in twitterland? Can't find you :( ...........
Sad if true! ": A law enforcement source at the scene tells us Junior committed suicide ... shot himself"
Phillies game. Come on, you got this Phils(: my babies needa hit a homerun <3
#cnbcdebate the only person up there whose word you can trust is
I'm not felling it today wunna sleep rather then work
'Cause all of the stars are fading away
The Dogs have had their baths....
easy on the hot-linking. Those images are ~15mb.
Playing for Best Band in Denver tonight. Guest judge will be Shawn (Clown) from Slipknot!
Everything is urgent cause all we got is now!
Watching wife swap in class today
if you read the instructions that come with condoms then clearly you are just fucking yourself
The 5k books of #thepeopleslibrary have been thrown in the trash.
That is so cute! What kind of pup?
Congrats Bruce on your #12 jersey retirement! You were critical to our team's success and '03, '05 and '07 championships!
did you leave bud light in my fridge again?
Omg rob, are you alright?!? Are you sure your not feelin alright?! I'm berry disappointed in you. #Notcool ;)
lol. If its coming out of my mouth it is!
Tweeting live from the swings at fiesta Texas just to say...BRING ON THE CLIPPERS!!! #GoSpursGo #SpursNation stand up...time to kick ass!!!
Jenny Bauer... So good to see you.
i have a horrible headache
I love y'all <3
We all have that friend that acts innocent, but understands all the dirty jokes.
Details! Seacats, PonyHomie, Temptranquil & City In The Sea show this Saturday at Ground Zero. $6 or $5 w/ a can of food.
It's unreal how much can happen in a year. So thankful to be at Belmont and in Nashville.
UGH i hate the new facebook profiles SO MUCHH.
These commentators are bugging! He's 1/10th of the 1%... hm, sound like some new world order sh*t to me
had a lovely experience tonight. posh car, friendly driver, quick service.
It was fabulous!! #nom RT : Today we're serving lunch to !! Thanks for having us. :)!
u waffle 😁
You are amazing please dont ever change the way you are :)
How many wins do you see for the G-men this season?
If u fail 2 plan then u plan 2 fail.
Don't blame me on your personal problems.
yeah, I'm going ahead with it. I'm waiting on a response from the artist. :))
doing well, I can see my degree coming soon. I am starting to formulate business ideas..I am determined to open up my own shit.
Oh twitterfeed, I can't keep up with you.
Interview a bunch of people about a certain topic and pitch the media on doing a story or show about what you discover.
Clipper fans throwing their brand new tees into the laundry & reaching for the vintage Lakers shirt they've always owned. Typical #LA fans.
Let's hope the grand jury found it isnt needed for something so obvious.
my dream car is a yellow bikini top jeep with low or no doors p.s. i l o v e y o u < 3
I'll be live 4pm with important details about the condition of Junior Seau's brain and possible damage caused by football
until my
Atlanta, have you seen the Freedom Hand sculpture off of I-85n? The symbol of
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 8. UK Riots, Politicians blamed mobile phone text/instant messaging....
Hmm, where'd that come from? Dad, from my home computer? Tweet-mistake.
Have to say...so impressed with's desire to learn about local organizations and our needs. Inspiring questions.
“Clothes make the man. Naked people have little influence on society.” – Mark Twain
says "That's it! I quit! I'm movin' on" - at least until tomorrow.
Downtown LA Law commercial coming to a station near you.
wow I need more followers 99% of my stuff on here is from u lol
Fudge yeah! Go Egan!
And for my Kentucky fam, it's not hyooostun. It's howwston. q:
We'll be at #AREAA today. Come by and say hi.
Fascinating discussion about the problems with structuring patient data -> long text is a slop bucket for unstructured data
Maybe probably going to Farmers Market. Maybe see you there.
Jimmystanch is rocking out in Phoenix Arizona...
4Humanities both a "platform" and a "resource" for humanities community.
1653 beers ago
No, first level of movie isn't set in slasher, it's set at location that audience knows is simulacrum of slasher.
Cant wait to move to my city! February 20th cannot come fast enough.
RT : RT Inspiring (& a bit addictive.) Some great business advice straight from successful startup founders...
": Looking at a photograph and wishing you could re-live that moment." Thats how I feel looking at the pics of playlist!<3 :')
Seriously Marcum??? Never had it all game
And the Lakers are losing by 27. Really?
Quote of the day-"it's like #shawshank #redemption, just gotta keep chipping away" - BW
"Resignation imprisons love." ~Alison Armstrong
Hooked On2 running a special on NY Style On2 Salsa Private Lessons...Give us a call to get further information. (786) 234-3776
In need of more Yarn, Stat!
love life
I want to lock myself into a culture of dependency with you.
Thanks Ashton! We're planning to come to vancouver next tour so 'stay tuned' ....
The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning anf a good ending; and have the two as close together as possible.
Luckily, I don't there are any arm mangling machines in a radio studio.
yum I'd be happy to seat you next time you come :)
Happy Draft Day!
Thank you!
RT : Success woke me up, Motivation made me Breakfast, Destiny gave me my Agenda and the Lord gave me his Blessings.
Yeah surprising!
oh yea?! I'm showing my lack of NCAA basketball knowledge right now...
Good call! Hit up Clermont Lounge tonight lol.
Good day my fellow twitterling.... how is everyone.. i know i missed #tittytuesday.... so how was it lol
aww that's sweet.but i have no style
sent off encylopedia entry... on to the next task.
Back in the day, I'd be blogging the hell out of this.
Received a compliment on my eyebrows today. BEST COMPLIMENT EVER.
Accepted to College in St. Paul, MN! 3 for 3!
rain after a drought... It feels really good, not like winning a world series but still. You in Bloomington anymore?
Just as whiny as his father was. Though most of those killed were clones! ;-)
RT “: gothic chola is in” : Finally!
I wish I could base my ENTIRE life on a book of metaphors. Then I could go to heaven, and not do a GODDAMN thing.
TGIF indeed! Be sure to follow this weekend for updates on the #NABEFCareerFair and
#FitTip Supply your muscle longer with amino acids after workouts by combining whey,soy and casein protein
Dear lord, Mirror Mirror! What did we do to deserve that? (I'm totally showing it to my summer FT class!)
Off the backboard playa, I enjoy to bank. Plus my people smoking on that pack, noise complaint.
I'm on the road to nowhere...
Yours is for sure the bigger and better view than mine.
how are you Ken?
If you're not at to see the #CommunionTour ESPECIALLY , check yourself, 'cuz you've already wrecked yourself!
Eric Church <3
OH some trainer telling clients to give up nightshades to reduce inflammation. Great half advice. JFC.
Gotta get the website done and put the finishing touches on the plans for our 1st fundraiser. There's a lot 2 b done, but our team is ready!
Can I pretend that my long overdue rejections are because the editors are duking it out over my work? Good plan? Y/Y?
it depends on how hungry you are!
Smoke rings yer buddy
OK SOUNDS GOOD
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty. ~ Robert Frost
so that all become users, and the community helps each other become more effective and so quality of use improves? 2/2
super! Thanks Brent!
And your no saint either. Nothing but lies from you.
supposed to leave tomorrow morning but now it's Tuesday. If you want to grab a beer before then let me know!
well said well said
Happy Saturday ladies!
RT "When a person does not have their own Important targets, goals and purposes they are inclined to resent th ...
LOL...yes, may necessitate some extra, er, "compression garments"...
lol tommorow on hurdles your gonna be feeling the pain!!
Fondon issues another walk and loaded the bases.
i`m thinking every draftee has 2 1/2 kids each.
Hey Everyone! We're playing @ Mixtapes, Fight For First, Trust Issues, Roswell, Story Mode! Repost and tell all your friends!
Damn my nigga Damn #gone 😲😲😲
It's okay. Anybody who reposted that is too stupid for Facebook as well. :)
- have to cast a vote for Fratelli's Flathead
did anyone record austream yesterday? :/
Please let us know if that works out for you.
electrifying 2nd performance tonight! Wow.. I got the chills again!
Random but I want to go paintballing soon.
Email is the devil. Know how to tame him.
!!! RT : I feel like its such a small world, I have this eagerness to branch out and meet new people and experience new things.
We are hear for you! Prost! Glad you you had a good time.
go get 'em! wish i was there but i'll be watching :)
I somehow knew that was coming! I haven't had vino in forever, count me and my walker in! 👵👌
About to perform Harlem.
's always comin at my head on twitter !!! She knows she'd get that ass beat...
Three Doors Down, "When I'm Gone"
a good slab may be worth missing slot
Carlisle just stole "battling" from Wash. Guess that's how sports interview go.
What are some of the most confusing terms associated with #desktop #publishing? I want to hear from you!
Are on 2+2 all the time ?
hope you feel better soon :)
Thanks for the follow. Keep us in the loop if you hear of any good history exhibitions.
Thoughts and prayers to fellow Hoosiers in southern Indiana.
Yes you do! Simple pieces... like basic shirts and chic scarves. You'll look fabulous!
Why be a flute, when you can be an electric guitar ?
So wrapped up in the comedic uproar of #celebrityapprentice arguments, forgot #Girls was on.
Do you want to go do karate in the garage?
Seriously!? This whole spam thing is getting really old. I guess it's time to change my password!
Wouldn't surprise me but no time to be bitter now.
Being that one person that everyone looks at after a One Direction refrence has been made.
I need a new battery for my cell phone! Gahh >.< Or better yet, a new cell phone. #iPhone ? >:)
Thanks for the help this morning - Hope the parade is the best one yet!
OH: "The most people I ever see is at Wal-Mart."
RT : Excited about our Seattle trip! Just booked a room with Their service has been amazing. Can't wait to stay!
Key in the job search! RT Taking advantage of social media as a conversation rather than an announcement platform.
aww how sweet!!
How in Vegas of all places do the resturant/bars in this airport terminal close at 8pm?
your amazing Amanda
the 1920s called and they want your dated references from the 90s back
"Cut me down, but it’s you who’ll have further to fall ghost town and haunted love raise your voice, sticks and stones may break my bones."
Thanks! You to!
- #RedSox are opposite of Tribe in "Major League". Instead of "lets win the whole damn thing",it's "win or lose, we're rich!"
Bored w
PIERRE is a happy truck! Union Station Ficellenians treat him like a King today. Thank you so much for your preference!
Nothing geeky about preparing yourself for the worst. Congrats!
Thank you for the RT!
so talented you are lol
so said right NOW
Still havent received my Jay-Z e-mail for SxSW tickets??
My ancestors must be in a Witness Protection Plan - Unknown Author
America's greatest state trooper.
You better get in, it's been the real deal. A lot of blood, sweat and tears in the gym!
Said by no one never RT : The Mets game CANNOT START SOON ENOUGH.
Interviewed an author this morning. There's something strangely ironic about one writer interviewing another...
Excellent Sarah! ~~>Way to catch up on that email! *wink wink* Thanks!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
I hve a low tolerance for ignorance! # check yo self
thought you might have some thoughts on this
I like it
where are you tonight?
Very excited about the conversation at Harvard today. Thank you so much to participants retweeting for us!
Big screen set up and area reserved for game watching at B-Dubs Polaris.
thank you, most hospitable :)
Turns out gcd was fine all along, the core data context i was sharing among objects was the blocking among operations, duh
really interesting stuff!
hi joey:-)
OKAY WHATEVER. HE IS ANNOYING. HIS ACCENT ISNT EVEN SEXY. LIKE ONE DIRECTIONS IS.
buut.. being a nurse = making a difference in the world <3
Going through the motions. I feel like a robot. When does this end?
still mad at me? Lol
nb. so many great things about California, wonderful people & beautiful place, but I hope it's not becoming the Golden Cage State.
Thanks to all our new followers. This Sat. On SL: Jazz Porn, Rhianna gets back in the ring, Ohio pro wrestling, drunk 9 year olds, & Lent.
Don't bother Songs/Dying Earth ed. GRR Martin, he needs to focus on finishing his Ice & Fire series before the next ice age.
gotta get #ohcaptainmycaptain into the mix every once in a while
The human centipede 2 is fucking disgusting. I'm gagging.
these tweets are gold!
I just can't get right yall! I'm sorry!
Pacers Win!
I'm Johnny! Nice to meet you. Yeah, I run the SongwriterTips facebook page... Talk soon!
Ugh! Another storm with heavy rain & more hail.
Now that I'm all done with this installation part, I kinda forgot about this 20 page paper that needs to get done as well
Yes! I'm watching Survivor and at the commerical break, the video resumed while the KFC ad was still playing. Starting over.
RANDOLPH ANDTHE FAMILY BAND Killed it tonight!We were honored to open and set the funk up for their band!Thanks
I feel like this ALL THE TIME.
ooh, i was playing with my mic. settings and now my voice sounds a lot clearer & a bit echoey [cool-echoey] :D lilly likeey.
#PiePdxFAQ Q: Isn't a scam by where we do all the work, investors risk their investment and he just takes a cut? A: Yep.
I forgot the charger for my iPad keyboard so I guess I will have to use the iPad keyboard until I get back home.
What? Do I need to make another trip to the dirty? Bmore careful!!
Start TODAY and make #homemade #realfood gifts for your #glutenfree or #paleo #primal friends... huge post w tons of ideas!...
#ChuckNorris can slam revolving doors.
vermont is great! i wish it would snow! i am thinking about coming down in jan! i'll let you know. :)
Lisa Moriyama~ If a relationship is to evolve it must go through a series of endings.
all the older designs yeah and the EP artwork
I can't DM you if you aren't following me
Whew! Made it to #ewgc. Hi, all!
Calling all #jiujitsu practitioners to #retweet to unite our community!!! #OSS!!!
do you not think so far ahead because i been thinking abut forever
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil u come to a speed bump -__-
aw he's got a cast lol
Exactly RT i think diaz looks awful. terrible at the bust area. bullock's dress would be better if it wasn't so loose at top!
why do graduations piss off relatives?
Reardon staff moving a little slow today,
SOLD a Honda Car yesterday for $650.what a deal someone got.
Best entertainment in TV!! I was surprised Aubrey wasn't in the final 2, but I think Clay & Arsenio r great.
I reseeded my lawn today, which of course means that I fed all the neighborhood birds while doing nothing whatsoever to improve my lawn.
Excellent. Will check it out! Thanks!
waiting for the next talk to begin, the sound crew was playing "Eminence Front" by The Who. Interesting choice of music.
it was subtle. I almost held it up in the air at one point.
you still sick?
Any bros want to play some Madden 12 on the Xbox?
Mowing the grass and out of breathe ,I need a new diet plan lol
It is muc better than passively tweeting.
same here
Yes. In that eventually you say "fuck it, what are the odds that I'll get audited?"
From an old Army pilot to a brave young Marine...Semper Fi...
I wonder who gone miss me after high school?
S/o to the next big social network
I'm SHUNNED by some because they can't figure out who running shit, Its the Guy with his thumb by his chest - Index points 2 my
I still wanna see "The lucky one" I have a thing for movies like that c':
All the tix are gone! Hope you all have a great time!
I've never seen this movie. Looks boring
I for long thought GMs are from Ivy league grad or scout. Player evaluator to MLB clubs as to Stock broker to Wall St firms
i am only responsible for what i say. i am not responsible for what you understand.
Let's run away and don't ever look back.
Does have the stupidest fucking hair or what? Is it the 40's?
It never fails, the #Giants defense always collapses in the 4th.
HERE WE #GOBREWCREW HERE WE GO ((clap.clap)) & Repeat
Why is my twitter unfollowing people?
Don't forget to enter our sweepstakes! Winner drawn on Wednesday!
makes it sound so simple
When I turn 21 I want 2 be on the bad girls club.... ;))))
recording guitars
Weezer - Pork & Beans.
Thanks for the #haberdashery love !
Scavenger hunt 10
Here comes the schedule
8 to midnight
Happy Mother's Day to all you Hot Mamas!
Amazing turnout for #BT2012 last nite. Congrats on another milestone to and Urban Ministries of Wake County
That awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
all day!
Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way and who will be sharing the adventure with them. – Denis...
“: “: : how is the sexiest couple in Miami??”>> Very Sexy!
that's so sick! I won't forget, believe me lol. C ya on the 26th of Feb!!
Just carb loaded with a ton of pasta pre-race!
Private bathrooms? Exclusive beer tastings? Umm.. yes? Only way to get it is with VIP tix! Availability is VERY limited!...
I got 2 callbacks!!! 1 is a SAG feature
How's Lenovo support (or have you ever had to contact them)?
Tonight at !! DJs Gary Janota & Michelle Riot spin punk, ska, soul, reggae & more! Vee guest bartends! 10pm-4am!
that last tweet was for #nosubtweet lol
I don't like because she's cody simpsons sister. I like her because she is a classy young role model to all 13yr old girls.
So we are somewhat ready for the show this Friday with Xibalba, Soul Search, Bust, and On Track. Make sure you come out. Show starts at 4.
We got to say... thats a bit odd
DC Urban Farm - they have social media but not enough -
My diagnosis: one fractured rib a dislocated knee and a broken ankle :( this day just keeps getting better!
Never wanted some1 so much as I want you Henry! in my crazy place miss'n you bad! Screaming 4 u but u dnt hear me. :'(
“: thanks love i appreciate =]]” no problem :)
Ugh! i wanna get breakfast.... anyone down?
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book. ~ Groucho Marx
I just fell of my chair. OHMYWESLEY MY OVARIES JUST EXPLODED HOLY CRAPPING HOTNESS
I don't use Tweet Deck anymore, but I am pretty sure you can. Or could. Not sure if you still can since Twitter bought it.
Looking for regular low limit mix game in LV. Any suggestions?
Julian Lennon performed for the Internation Association Against Drugs on this day in 1998. Umm...didn't he do lots of drugs?
Who it remind yo of ?RT : Everytime I watch cheaters I get mad smh
I may actually need a vacation from the govt..get it together...stand up for what you believe in...
Miami in October for the birthday kickoff???
graveyard double feature - tonite at 4am. PORKY'S + MARS ATTACKS. join Larry Lava for movies, popcorn & mai tais. only at Frankie's
Res Dolls 166-Unholy Rollers 129
Omg about to be blown over today!
"If happy ever after did exsist I would still be holding you like this" ...ya right...happy ever after my ass....
Their run ends vs. Butler...VCU can't handle the bright lights of the Final Four and the Tenacious D of the Butler Bulldogs
Saddest day for me!:'(
"Truth begins in heresy and ends in superstition." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Babe, is it in?" "Yeah" "Is it hurting?" "Mmhmm" "Let me try to put it in slowly" "Ouch, it still hurts!" "Ok, let's try another shoe size"
up 4-0 in the bottom of the 6th after a 1 run single by JJ.
looks so delish. Send some to San Diego so we can try.
In 2012, I hope to ski on a different continent (Europe, S. Amer, or NZ) and to see a whale shark in the South Pacific.
I highly recommend the smoked turkey at
and i will always be down. especially lol.
Vandersloot has self deported his company into failure!
stop by my place wife
Awhhh, just heard auto guru Carroll Shelby died.
I kind of miss my ipod. :/
INSANE. So cool. Very inventive method of storytelling. Just wish there were fewer people there so it wasn't so crowded
I swear my friend sounds like whenever she tells stories from home! Sound effects and all lmaoo!
Whoever closed the bathroom door at the house when the lights were off...you suck, walked right into the door.
it will be possible =)
I love David Grohl. Hes sexy.
here u uhh, screw this i dont know how to speak british. MY MOM DOES.but i dont.if only i was british...THAT WOULD BE AMAZING
Fwd: If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put my dick in your ass.
Im still on
Right where she wants me .... RT : He was running around in the pocket of my cargo pants
& people are crazy.
I hate it when people use emojis in EVERY tweet.
- imma bring my board and stuff tomorrow. We can blow it off for networking etc. if there are no waves.
If you are coulrophobic that is not the book for you! Very creepy!
Urg. Tough morning, and it's only 9 a.m.
sounds fancy tho! I been to a gala in highschool. I met serena williams lol
RT : This Q&A w/ John D’Agata and Jim Fingal in is more interesting than “Lifespan of a Fact” itself...
Wow, thanks! The good words are very much appreciated!
thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend.
": Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women." I can tell by art the tweets on my feed...
TUESDAY - Big day at our Office. Summer Interns arrive. We will introduce them in the next few days. They will will be with us for 10 weeks.
Who wants 80% stronger #hair, 35% more shine, and 67% more color protection? Call today!
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
Hey stranger! Long time no see!
Became a Department Head in the Business career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
amouse Heller sed to send a encouragement message so here it Is good luck to u we love u !!! :-)
You're welcome!
see you soon man!
Working on my honors thesis after getting a nice workout in. Can it be Monday already?
Cards baseball up 5
About 60000 chippies Home game fun
Good stuff. I was planning to be on campus on Monday (not sure what time), so I'm sure we'll meet up sometime.
I love the steam rising from the capo and drummer
tell your mom me nd jesse said happy mothers day
Hey Boston Celtics, yeah this is crazy. But you lost, so go home maybe? :) #SIXERS #SHOWYALUV #BYEBYEBOSTON ❤💙🏀💙❤
LOL. You are probably right. Smokey wins.
hey, nice picture! Terrible photographer, though I'm still taking credit...
Thanks, looking forward to it!
yes:) I liked ur fb page, loved the music there. Do u have a youtube?
The Broncos are Cash poor because of Orton's contract and Shanny's and Mcdaniel's contracts too= no big signings
accor need to sort their aclub shenanigans out. it's confusing, one time i got a 15% dining discount, this time no discount. what the heck.
P.S. and a handful of Ryan Gosling movies.
Those who covered Bulls injury updates know that's not good RT : Tom Thibodeau reports that Bosh will be a game-time decision.
hey whats up
Grammys #wine pairing: 2010 Michigan Riesling w/ aged provolone. Listen to tonight's award winners while enjoying ours. Cheers!
LeBron's first game back before he ripped our hearts out :)
If Buzz Williams goes to SMU...he better not. Those must be pipe dreams for SMU, even if money talks, get used to 3,000 in stands Buzz
LOLOL..yea, she's about to be GROSS...I feel cheated on -__-
Ministry is about willing hearts and minds committed to be obedient to God's vision. Happy Annivesary !!!
played the song 'Untouched' by TheVeronicas on #
RT : When we copy we justify it. When we are copied we vilify it.
Can't seem to get a reupholstering company to call me back. Can you suggest one in #DC?
I've decided an workflow infographic is just the thing for my film project manual! And FINALLY it will be finished.
RT : Thrilled to be in the same room with & Alex Kotlowitz of for & literacy.
they say true love is when u cant sleep at night because reality is finally better than your dreams maybe one ill know if its true or not
Surry, twitter isn't a diary. Take that to Facebook.
not surprising. Have I missed the obligatory Rob Patterson post? Alejandro working at Waterloo? Billy Ray Cyrus?
. Still disappointing for those of us who are longtime supporters. I know some who are dropping because of it.
Nice! And good for the student for asking a credible source about how to find credible sources :).
I love u you and Zenday are my role modlos and I know Zenday
Heading out to Atomic Koi to add another client to Social Inbox! Blowing up!!
So jealous. RT Just received official approval for my Rose Bowl credentials! Cannot wait to go to Pasadena.
don't rely on social networking for a confidence boost should totally be one.
OOps! sorry, not 4U Pete...
I OFFICIALLY HAVE A PENNSYLVANIA DRIVER'S LICENSE AGAIN!!!!!!!!
So which players who's last name start with the letter "G" are projected to be there in round 4?
friends are great
what kind? 17183165249
Today was such a great day :))
Not talking about cliche libertarian talking points. Talking about long-term real reform putting California on move again.
check out aka Thomas I did the artwork for his flash fiction cards.
Thought only the bakery was open at Ganache; called and that is correct -- bakery only.
feeliing pretty dope right now
sure thought he was on letterman couple nights ago #FAT=funny
I want some dinner. To bad no parents are home
yall come with wooden jewelry, I give her diamond dick.
Senator Victor Ramirez voices his support for for Congress on the air.
Huge event going down live on Facebook! October 1st. More details to come..
: New York's Iman Shumpert has suffered a torn ACL in his left knee, league source tells Y! Sports.
Can't stop watching #nextironchef ! Can they all win?! Or they can come cook for me! I'm talking to you, and .
thank you for arranging a very fun and educational event! I am already thinking of ideas to pitch for the next one :)
I promise I'll be ok...and thanks for being there :)
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
so difficult to rank up when ur a B!
this is amazing. Gotta save this for next time I see him!!
grab something....like a bathroom weapon, and go out there.!
I love you guys! Work has been super busy and I love being able to order dinner, come home, crash, and hear the door knock.
Happy 99th Birthday !
Blowing minds and there is still a hour left
You're welcome Kim!
ow, doesn't matter sweetheart. I checked out your twitter and saw you were following me. :-) xo
don't insinuate cuss words at me.
what's that
Great meeting w/ OU colleague ! looking forward to pairing alumni mentors to current student ambassadors!
I swear she checks herself out in the mirror... Haha thanks for my braid girl 
Happy #EKSDay! Headed to the National Mall with my family to celebrate my mother's legacy. Play unified to live unified! eksday.org
Melano blog: if you think youre going through, just ask around and I bet your problems want seem as bad.
have you decided on a song for your audition??!
- Watching " Little Rascals " .
he basically just owned everyone.
Ready to roll in this #pack ed heat
Louise Shelley, TRCCC GMU, #ISOCDC Net fights corruption but also aids in human trafficking (via Craiglslist). Corrupt DMVs sell over-18 IDs
Designer David Peck on the Challenges of the Eco-Fashion Industry
duke sucks just sayin
Has decided that going to bed early and then cooking everything scratch tomorrow is the most viable option due to lack of fridge space!!!
Early goal for my "hometown" team! Granada 1-0 Real Madrid
when all you can think about is the one that broke your heart
it would definitely be an exciting day. bring popcorn
Going to see my Daddy! Missed him <3
Not as exciting, but it counts all the same.
Second set of amendments says bill does not apply to distinctly "private or personal" facilities, but doesn't specifically say bathrooms
Been working since 5:30 this morning and am SO ready for the weekend, especially since its 's bday!
I was told this was some gas
I can't remember the last time I used the word 'eerie' but I'd definitely use it to describe the moon tonight.
soo lol now im a twitter one
another question- anyone have a scope and sequence of programming concepts/languages/projects (all things program related) JK-12?
Let's go nuggets...you are the better TEAM.
Missed her at but got Alice in Wonderland signed by at in '10
it's just so cute that you like him tho! But B has turned into your babe!
Never heard of "My Ghost Story"! I'll have to check it out this weekend.
Next time dear friend. The winner has been announced but stay tuned because there will be all kinds of contests and giveaways!
that looked a cool night out , fighting !!!!!!! were they hitting each other over the head with there walking sticks
don't you notice a difference when u drink up?
I need dancing music if I'm going to survive today.
Hell yeah! AND my truck has 31 inch tires on it, so I'm a contender!
Congrats to - #Masters champion!
i never said it was bad! I said i was weird but it grew on me! So shut up!!
Wearing my new hat and scarf made by ! Thx! Love 'em!
Thanks for RTs, mentions,
AWESOME! Girls, COOL BACKGROUND
#CommunityX3Thurs #TheFallOfChang I know are dying for tonight.
Our Facebook page has increased its reach exponentially since
RT “: The blood on my wrists.........words i can not express.”
Soon, we will watch away sporting matches, in our home stadiums thanks to the Tupac hologram.
Chaos teaching theory introduces elements in training to throw one off usual patterns, teaching them to quickly adapt and stay focused.
Happy Turkey Day to all our US peeps!
I watched that just the other day, pure cinema magic 💗
I wish Wiz would come out with mad songs man!
I'm above James Cameron
no worries, there will be multiple chances per day to win
& WHEN IS #CoolMorning3 COMING?!
6 days til Battleship? I feel like the battle has already been lost.
That awkward moment went your really confident and you sing the wrong lyrics to a song!:o
Bulls win!
Everyone should get back to the basics and start creating original content. Maybe then we'll have a new story to tell.
im loving cumberlamb mall. So nice. I feel like I've been here for hours tho. I dont even like shopping lol :)
Don’t miss your chance to take in this beautiful weather! Make plans with your favorite people & dine on our outdoor patio this weekend!
I love you ♥
The Wells Fargo Here+Now 20TWELVE is 10 days away! EXCITEMENT! RT if you have your ticket...bit.ly/SEIPDX
Study... Study... and more studying...
was that you singing? Guy looked just like you
if you have a juicer, you can use up 10lbs of carrots pretty quick making carrot juice.
How old r u? 13 fuckin problem???-,-
This is bad how, exactly? MT : Est. 20.4M women benefiting from expanded access to preventive services at no additional cost.
yes, I hope to have libraries named after me! :)
SGLN~200k per month revs, 2 contracts worth 7.2M over three years newly acquired Eden Technologies LLC~trading under .001~WOW, run coming
Are patient education instances recorded in new health information sharing models? Interested in impact on cost&care metrics
Moved back to LA, and it only took one day for my husband to find a Philly sports bar, that "coincidently" is right down the street from us.
sure thing Hannibal
Shabbat Shalom - wishing you all an easy and meaningful fast.
let me know when you're home so I can like ... Leave work. Lol
Our usual House Blend and dark rich Colombian on tap this muggy morning.
New Figues intern starts today, welcome Diana!
I do like you on face book, you guys have a Great Week End and be safe!!
it won't let me tweet a picture to you asdfghjkl; -.-
:-) Have a great day! RT : great analogy!
Sorry I posted that multiple times. Twitter gives me problems at times.
Follow me on instagram ✨💋
You can tell when i really dont give a fuck cause i will playing Asking Alexandria :D
check us out, we're new to vegas but not to music. I know you'll dig it :]
I really don't either lmao I wud watch American idol but I always forget :/
Celebrating my birthday on the rooftop of at Le Bain! Feel free to bring whomever, everyone is invited! See you tonight! Xo
Obama just opened the Gay Portal
Soon!! I will be back in June, at which point we will reunite FOR SURE. Hopefully with too? :)
Wohoo been trying to fall asleep for 2hrs now.
“Forget safety. Live where you fear to live. Destroy your reputation. Be notorious.” ― Rumi
what face down ass up?? Lmao... Get outta here
what's good ma? How u?
can I get a happy birthday? Oh and I'm gonna be in Towson late afternoon so if you wanna drop by I won't object.
Only two days to #Padres baseball!
I once met Frank Carson in an airport, he was very polite (even after me saying 'its a cracker'). Nice guy, rest in piece.
I haven't paid for cough drops in years. In fact, I get upset when they don't have my fav flavour.
the #Nats are hanging tough!
"lovin everything you do"
finished info sections on new website...moving on to photos!
You are most welcome.
Thanks for claiming it :)
I did. I like your family. I keep hoping to get adopted :) When are you coming back to the bay?
Kill out of town niggas, sell dope, move out of state
I need a haircut while in #Pgh. Not a $100 haircut, but not a $10 haircut, either.
It's my birthday!!!!!!! 🎉🎉 first , breakfast with the best step dad ever ! Cx
Throwin money in the air like idnt really care
lol yes no doubt bout tht
That was not a charge.
Do you know about Wingate Scholarships? Harold Hyam Wingate Fndn. Might be worth looking in to.+
KITSUNÉ YOU ARE A GENIUS.
ya i lost respect on chiru the day he merged his party in Congress. Im glad Pawan Kalyan is not in politics now
No mocking from me. I step away from Twitter, particularly, for days/weeks at a time. Keeps it fresh and interesting for me.
Someone lend me their boat for a few days.
can't believe he would call out Karl like that! Damnit!! lol
I hope she's not talking about him....
I've been everywhere and nowhere, lol jk. School+work. I deactivated my facebook so I've lost touch with a bunch of people. You?
"Ever wanted to tweet a bunch of "guy who pitched" scenarios?" guy who pitched "guy who pitched" tweet-off.
Thanks! I'm an SEO Analyst.
I hate irresponsible people .
I wonder if they have Prisoner Cell Block H a British show with "Queen Bea"
Wow. The are just a stupid, stupid, stupid baseball team. It's embarrassing to watch.
Looking at switching to a credit union, anyone in the Bay Area have any suggestions for a good one to look at?
love that... have had it at the top of favs for awhile =D
#ImWeakFor A green eyed, brown/dark haired boy, AKA Nick :) <3
Having a rad time; people over her are crazy... Just like I like 💗 RT Having fun on "Empire State" set? (:
Just drank a Rochefort 10 and getting ready for a St. Bernardus Abt 12. If I am still awake I'll drink a Westy just to compare
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#FollowFriday Have a super day!
Out on a run today, saw a horseback rider turning it loose on the eastern sands of Standley Lake. Impressive.
I don't know if you noticed but I'm not putting smiley faces in my tweets or any faces so what does that explain. I don't know what to feel.
jealous!!!! Let iz no if its good x
What songs are on your running playlist?
Just saw some sort of pheasants
Hence thinking in the blues and greens families. (Also planning to buy some neon-ish yellow).
ohk cool, dont mind the captions about rihanna i was bored lol
$1 scoop Wed is back (after a Lenten hiatus)! You are delicious Maroon Bells!
at the crib feel like shit bout to take it down
Who's your favorite comedian?
good night tweeties...
live a little...
ima swim threw it if the water aint deep
You and your stats...Geez.
Follow our girl and tune in may 16 as she does her radio interview from vegas!
Hm...we don't know. Half a bottle left and have leftover champagne so we will have to think about it. Good problem tho.
What the fuck is Loiter Squad?
Welcome, David, Drew, Sen, Nick and Monika! :-)
I feel you. Skate later?
idk what do ya do
i don't understand how the indian ocean is always the right temperature. (see manville, sabrina. twitter. 23 jan 2011.)
aww thanks buddy, my wallpaper has been a Delorean for the last day or so, thought of you!
“Respect is love in plain clothes.” Frankie Byrne
Drinking with MYATT
I dont do covers guys working on my own original music
help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen on water street saturday night.
Louisville game AYYOOOO!!!
way to commit to your punishment Q! You were really digging 4 gold. Hysterical!!
working on a motion to dismiss this morning.
It makes me unaccountably happy that Jose Canseco's ghost has it's own twitter account, ESPECIALLY because he's not even dead.
low goal tomorrow?
Sophomore year was the worst year of my entire life
We'd like to thank our loyal followers & #travelers THANK YOU for booking travel in #Outlook, web, desktop & iphone with us!
Make the gameplay tight and good. Quit worrying about getting new customers with new crap. You will lose your loyal customers.
American Reunion with & ! Watch that movie if you get a chance, I Rawfulled so much!
I just definitively proved Tom Hanks looks like head of Cauliflower.
Only have time for abs OR cardio? Try doing Mountain Climbers at variable speeds, from slow to as fast as possible.
I think I am destined to forever be confused by 1 Samuel 28...
I wonder what orifice iPod headphones were designed for. Certainly not the ears.
I'm crying during this #Revenge episode. A lot. :(
We're here now!
hidden valley ranch and sriracha are all you need.
Thanks! It is the moistest chocolate cake because of the zucchini.
That just really pissed me off! anyone who knows me would instantly know if I come to them with a problem it shan't be simple
Yayyy you made it! Have so much fun and avoid all the you-know-whats we discussed...
Is there Hooters in Manhattan?
Got more than i bargained for watching #Drive. but ryan gosling never disappoints.
#FF love, one of my fav brunch spots in nyc
thats why you eat ice cream and take a nap :O
we can start low and bump it when it fills!
aw;D THANK YOU
aren't u on vacation?? Put ur mind at ease and chill. Enjoy paradise.
Is there enough REAL Americans left to save the republic?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
“: She prolly thought that was very funny too smh”<I'm #weak that nigga a aviator he good
I hear good things about C25k
Thnk God for Danville, IN, and every other place STILL like it in America. Just went 2a live Nativity scene at the UMC & twn Sqr all lit up
Just found a baby bird that fell out of a nest and died. I have no stomach for this - I think I'm going to be sick.
I won't tell if you don't :D
Happy Spring! Who's headed to Rita's Italian Ice for their free ice today!?
omfq my head hurts!
m, very
your fans #TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it <3333343
Eff' Justin ! My phone was supposed to have an incoming call from YOU hours ago !
primo couch snag at lau. hoodie. chucks. coffee. ready to buckle down.
At a play supporting my best friend...
If you follow , is a must-follow RT Had a great time at #spop12 . Nice folks and lots more to cover.
All of a sudden, my vision became so clear. Everything I needed was right here, Before me
I think I misread, I apologize. Yes, I would likely take that deal
The Goo Goo Dolls <3
& , thanks for following.
thank you!!
please? Suppose to be 80 tomorrow...
#ionlycanwish will ever notice me!:(
I'm ready to push it. That tracks got fire with it
Where are ya moving to?
That was a nasty pass tho
love you guys!!! xo
awesome!! Thanks RCB!!
*cuddles with you*
I find Steven Tyler cute, in a weird way.
Work is finally done. Time to do #Vegas 💋
hey tay u better follow me back bro
come to magic kingdom with and I tomorrow!
Hey, I love your band!
I actually knew a guy names Lou Stools - no joke
TAKE THAT BACK.
Doors back on the jeep. Sad day.
that hash tag can be interpreted as something else! I read it incorrectly the first time. ;)
that was legitlyy the BEST ustream ever i love ur shizz dance pretty sexii,I also love the video of you&Alex.Love you guys! <3
it's called Heavy Times email me your address I'll send you a copy
if your spirit don't convict you neither do i. Stay Blessed my brother
I did! I told Tom's group I should have taken a picture for Dane :) Think it was an 8525
Anyways , Congrats New York Mahomies .. -Ally
Does this mean I'm a senior now?
<~ the best!! #RockbabytvFamily #mademyday xo!! :o)
NFL Training Camps are starting up...Jets need to get Revis to a long-term contract!
Who has the best connection for laptops/internet and the wireless wifi to enable laptop to go with you
Thank all my followers for following me
Where My Birthday Present ?
But it's not that simple no, sometimes we feel just like machines.
Yes. We need to use wine cozies next time we hang out and drink wine :)
BB on the call on FOX! Yay!
Getting into the holiday spirit by watching Miracle on 34th St. Forgot what a great movie that is!
Any Exercise May Cut Alzheimer's Risk at Any Age
You didn't get the point
Okay my feet hurt. I vow to NO more shopping for a week until my time for the #R5westcoasttour! :D
I died
Awesome. I actually talk a lot more sports on Twitter so we will get along great here :)
Did pop call that time out? Sneaky fucker
paparazzi taking pictures, we famous
So summers almost here and my school gave me summer school yay!... not! Plus i only get 1month and a half of vacations fml.
Excellent!! We definitely have some exciting things in store & can't wait to be there!!!
it was an honor filling in for bro. We killed it!
Thoughts on SF, ? How does Google fare?
Straight shooter has yet to be proven, but I believe the rest of it.
love the hair
What a day!
You thought there was only one Todd? We're multifaceted personalities—I don't even happen to be into feet, I'm mad for elbows.
The pawnshop is a struggling musicians best friend! :-)
that is if my mom will let me out...
"grandma, why do you serve us (chicago public school students) the food you wont eat?" Catherine, a cafeteria worker at CPS
a friend just recommended your book. Looking forward to reading it.
Justin Bieber blowing out the speakers in the car Lol
I'm confused. Why are acting like cowboys??hahah
are you spinning this Thursday at BB?
Hey Ben, thanks for the follow got some friends in Lexington, great place.
you could also you that was developed here in CLT
Do I need anymore stress in my life? I'm on the urge to just destroy everything here.
Happy Valentines Day!!!
too all m tweeter lets get a move on.. visit and register at www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com see updates on a daily basis. lets get a move on
In movies, when people go underwater, I like to hold my breath and see if I would survive in that situation.
I'll bring the George Foreman grill, and you can bring the chill because you are the coolest B-Rad-izzle!
": The prodigal son story captures perfectly the outrageousness of grace. Who fixes a PROBLEM, with a PARTY? Our God does."
Had a awesome time with the guys today :p can't believe the summer is almost over :(
Hi. I love you. I miss you. Okay Bye. <3
It's ridiculous to wait 2 hours for a doctor appt. Doctors cancel and charge you for being 15 mins late, but you are expected to wait hrs!
hello?! Happy christmas eve Sam!
we decided on the light finest - plz confirm
Dodger Dee Gordon can fly
if you haven't seen Mic Macs you should rent it. Same director as Amelie.
I'm getting mean-mugged by a fan in sec 113 for cheering defense. Welcome to Indiana basketball.
Vita Foods wishes everyone a safe, relaxing and FUN Memorial Day weekend. Don't forget to grill it up this holiday!
Ah! The sexy , is now following me! #happytweet :))))))
If 1st u dnt succeed dust yoself off in try it again.....
thanks for the follow brother Greg!
Hey Chicago! Check out our new mobile deal @ www.Kupoz.com - unlock by sharing on FB or Twitter and get free chocolate cake and a badge!
i loved GOT i haven't read the others yet but i have them for my NOOK.. if you want i can send them to ya..
he's the MVP it still wades team did you see him spazz on coach spoelstra lol?
Finally! I just received my #holidayvoxbox from I can't wait to open it up and check out all the products.
Just saw some jerks drag a trashcan and a bench into the street, and some nice folks cleaning up their mess
"I used to cover everything in class, and students didn't learn anything." Very well said.
your indians are looking good so far you must be proud you think they will win the division
Check my interview tonight at 6pm on ABC Action News!
I enjoyed it :) it was hilarious!
: fine art sponsor - thank you for the helmets!
AutoClam promotion, half-sheet foil stamper and die cutter for roughly the price of a 14x22 - see it at Odyssey in May! #diecut,
Fire alarms are STILL blaring! Maybe we'll meet some hot firemen at the pub?
Last minute flower shopping FTW! cc
I just got the ok from the boss. Want to car pool?
lol miss u too .. i txted u the other day
Awesome! All good fun.
Not really looking forward to starting both sides of the ball this week.
i hope your enjoying JAPAN!!but we miss u in AMERICA!! come back soon JB;)
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME FRIEND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER!!(;
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <33 xoxox Follow me
ok so that is weird. I'm assuming the airport is not a great place to eat.
yah, it still says "failed to connect"
indeed. Went with Parmesan mashed new potatoes and fresh sautéed asparagus. Lemon on top. I'll throw up a pic in a sec.
I will see you there or I will see you at a different time.
That was pretty funny. The way he rattled off those names was crazy!
We're bringing back backwards messages so when you hear the next Mill's End single don't be surprised if you have an urge to eat bacon.
You are awesome. Just purchased the album to use next year.
You are right - titles are not protected. Maybe different laws outside of the US? I just think it's ironic... What's Yams/Jams?
Hey ...so me in Raleigh is NOT a good match. I just got called a Nigger Lover... Gotta love the south.
Do you contribute or run your company’s blog? How do you keep your post ideas fresh and current?
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it.
that's what I've done in those situations actually...
watching footloose makes me want to learn how to dance....specifically country line dancing
I don't know if I'm helping train the Siri servers or vice versa. But I swear we're communicating better with one another.
You can throw out the records when the Jazz and Hawks get together.
This calm steadiness of the senses is called yoga. Then one should become watchful, becomes yoga comes and go.
Barack Obama It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur
You must be in SoCal, too.
Thanks for the RT.
Wow - appreciate the cause marketing tweet, thanks! Hope to see you in Chicago soon my friend!
Madness at Bobby Rockets... MADNESS !!!
"Beliebers And Directioners Are flawless"... Well, obviously...
I'm working on researching a cold case from my hometown since I was a kid. Working elements into my story with a wild twist
im in the middle of two girls, threesome?
How Much Do I Really Mean To You?.
I need a leopard print shoE asap
You have cute feet! Lol
oh & I forgot too tell you , you & zach are the C U T E S T couple <3 .. #YinsAreGettingMarried <3.
x: if the summer will be as hot as the previous one, the most pressing will be rolled up, "Hi, I have an air conditioner"
RT : What's up with ppl congratulating jay & b like they know them meanwhile they don't call there family members when they give birth
surgery for what?
Damn, damn.
come keep me company at bucks and bring food. I'm concerned about your safety at home
Guitarist Felix Rodriguez serenades w songs of Spain & Venezuela. Beautiful last night W
some people will NEVER appreciate shit . ehh your character , not mine ;
Clean your room!
What a moment for scott feldman
He just came to my house.omg
thanks for the invite. Can't make it tonight. Keep me in mind for the next one.
thank you for sharing. i have only recently started receiving royalty checks again too for my books. sigh.
Im so down. Should our costumes be the outfits from the set?
Good morning SE Portland and environs -- the coffee and tea are ready -- Greg hung a really big RC plane from the beams -- looks great!
If we are to look out for one another, then how come the world is full of users. I need something I can hold on to give me something real.
No, it only works one way. Dem Presidents can always blame GOP. GOP Presidents can NEVER blame Dems.
Anybody interested in having a Scrabble tournament? With drinking rules of course.
Sounds mysterious. Best of luck.
aw ok ttyl night sleep well<33
happy birthday!!! :)
Ran 8 miles, worked in yard, grilling steak now... My kind of Sunday.
I wish I had somebody to talk to right now
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :( its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :( :')
This project is POOR.
Going to SA Business Journal's "Best in Commercial Real Estate" luncheon today to hear script I wrote for the program. Tnx for invite, SABJ.
Can you take me back where I came from?
snooping only gets your feelings hurt... but it aint snooping when your on my damn timeline wit your bullshit...
“: Devils score with 2:39 left in OT to win 4-3.” // Seriously anti-climactic evening. meh.
Im so excited no fuckin clu3!!
We always strive after what is forbidden, and desire the things refused us. - Ovid
This week <
rte 9 is noisy. I moved out of a "pent house" on rte 9 Framingham for that very reason.
With God's, you can take dominion over sickness, depression, lack, worry, disease, fear and over all that works against you in the earth
What you know about the trap game?
It would be more fun if your peeps were with you ;)
Thanks for the follow!
Yes. RT Anne Geddes is like the William Wegman of babies
I heard that a bunch of people were gay, and a bunch were happy. Or maybe, vice versa. My TL is very long ...
look at the S&F in the context of the PBS doc Slavery by Another Name
great job there! Perfect presentation.
I just want the baddest bitch right here in my lap.
I'm preganant.
nah I'm good
Why do difficult conversations occur at IEP meetings?
And when I say San Diego I mean me
Yes Jordan, did we not discuss this yesterday? U prob forgot bc u were so GROUCHY!!
Does anyone know of an application that can play .RAM files that doesn't crash CONSTANTLY like Real Player?
I want the Caps to win...but remember when you actually had to slash a player to get a slashing call? NHL refs are worthless.
hahahaha. Sorry! How ya feeling terminator?
always have been but just getting the hang of being funny in 140 characters. I'm a bit longwinded most of the time
Lacking motivation 2work out? Find a fitness buddy. Instant accountability.
That's it: I'm committing to an alpha-test deadline for my VST Instrument. It won't be perfect, but it will get tested!
I could imagine:\ Do you have any other sibligs?
I love books to but they take up a lot of room and when you are trying to simplify 1 is simplify than many
Hello, kindrid spirits! Thanks for the follow...I love your blog!
I like baby cat, MEOW!! Wake the fuck up mother fucker, MEOW
Top Freshest Rumors And Facts! If you want to know everything about celebrities!
Congrats to for bein my 300th follower! Now he owe me a cold pop!
Officially jealous...smile :-) RT : Canary Islands, Spain, we have over 350 days of sunshine year, sub-tropical climate :)
Entertainment features include: Children's Museum's "Trash;" Guys & Dolls review; Benny Benassi; Casbah coverbands; new Comedy Club opens..
Vegas bound in a week for SEMA can't come any sooner. Oh and the partying that will be done. It's going down!! <>
True. Twice, actually. FLO is more mainstream, though.
Delicious is down - blast....
Im pretty sure Ted Nugent's song "Cat Scratch Fever" was written about the dangers of transmitting Feline Aids.
(Overheard) "I don't know who's in charge of that brand but if they self-like another one of their posts I'm going to delete their page."
Playing a private event in Decatur
LMAOOOO haha sound like an old man name xD
I'm like putty in ur hands :)
Rain won't keep Whoville from celebrating tonight! Forecast looks clear tonight, but activities will move indoors in case of rain!
RT if you aint have school today!!!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first person I followed was
Okay short stuff, whatever you say
Please Gods of RookieMag and Tea, save my Thursday night.
sorry about the April Fools gag... its not the first time we have been inundated with requests to actually do one of them!
anything tat I get to record you playing.
I say he will be at least two hours.
Pre-procedure Captain America is freaking my shit.
Sorry we didn't get to chat on Sunday , hopefully we will have the chance soon.
I'm so hungry
...i think you're going to really really enjoy your summer....
im not looser ! Im peachy:) haha
"Gimme the hot sauce"
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my boyfriend; I ♥ my family...some ppl just make me laugh...=)
A blog is personable. An article is informative. Know your audience.
Well, it didn't take two hours (A MIRACLE), but it was INCREDIBLY PAINFUL. Sheesh.
Thanks. Arrived at the conference around 3 p.m. yesterday. Hope you've had a good conference so far.
“: The melting temperature of bubble gum is 125 degrees Fahrenheit.” really?
#ThoughtYouShouldKnow that YOU are fearfully and wonderfully made!
we should be jus lmk the details & ill let u kno
My baby cousin was just on stage with Madonna!!! Proud of you, Jeffrey. Also a little jealous :).
No - but they were all excellent! Come and visit! xoxo C
Say not you know another entirely, till you have divided an inheritance with him
#cr_myers Shaq says play the #raaaaaa defense on Sunday against
6th graders who think their cool but their really not >
awesome weekend relaxing on the cape. now working on a strong start to this week.
#whatdoyoudo when- u find ur one true love hates ur guts!? helpp.?! :(
want to get a tattoo soon but cant figure out which one I want to get. Maybe Ill just go with the smaller ones for now.
I wish I knew someone I could refer you to in NY, but I'm coming up blank. Acupuncture would be a helpful reboot for you.
I get pissed when I'm not asked to become the godfather of a newborn.. even if I barely know them.. I want the title damn it!
