It is really fun listening to #Cubs games, 3-0 winning in the eighth, now 3-3 bottom 10, error on sac bunt, first and third no outs.
If Steelton hasn't changed since the last time I was there, that runoff is like a country club.
Good work girlie.
Reason to #party today: Something good is happening to someone somewhere! like ur friend, family, biz associates,random dude at starbucks!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
haha no. fixed it faster than they could respond.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 52
that bullet time....stuff out of a movie bro
me too, I don't like mine
Back at my mommas for the week. Miss my baby already. I love you Brian! We will be back again soon. <3
please notice me I try everyday and hopefully today is the day!
I celebrate the me yet to come
its sad that it takes someone to die for people to notice there is a problem...
Isn't it? Tell !
Thanks for the RTs , , and
Same shit I been telling ya weary pathetic in and out of love every other wk ass with a new guy....where are your prevention friends; damn.
Wait, what just happened? RT Ppl wana sleep under the fan n have ac on but b the 1 taking all the covers
Highway Unc iorn Road To Love I Wan t gaga
Great stuff at the #ProBonoInstitute conference in DC. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to speak tonight.
Ima miss seeming the seniors Monday at school
Good morning sunshine!!! 🌟☀💐hope you're feeling better !!!!
Rocked it on Good Company this morning. Very impressive.
Rumors that city will be evicting tonight. Sanitation workers advised some occupiers down at MP they would arrive at 11:30pm.
I'd go with an 8ft+ spinning outfit around medium action. You don't want something so heavy you don't feel strikes
Didn't know was following me. Dope
Are you accusing us of a shameless/desperate Twitter marketing stunt to further our own popularity? #accurate RT I don't buy it.
1st Question, Where The Safe At Nigga!
Do you support Spaz's termination yet?
all the databases I have access to start at 1970 even
It's game day...hopefully today flies by
This sounds terrible, but I am legitimately afraid of anorexic people.
Looking forward to hosting #GenCon Indy this week. Come see us in the Circle Centre Mall. We're opening at 8 a.m. on Thurs. Fri. and Sat.
and on a side note, I haven't been this excited for a game in recent memory
shutup. Youre beautiful. Dont ever let someone tell or make you think otherwise<3
Shawni need to get back in fuckin contact w me bro. She piss me off when she do this shit...
happy b-day Bro!!
Holiday shopping from the comfort of your own home! www.TheArtPlant.com
Got some special stuff for tonight. Make sure to come in & see what goodies I found because I had to try a different market today!
The principles of how to put together an "IBM PC" were created in the 1980s when manufacturers created what were called clones.
i miss you filzo!
Pleasant morning, beautiful afternoon, and now this awful night. Somebody shoot me please.
Request Request Request: (Bad Bad Bitch)!!!
hey I'm sorry... I've been in a lot of pain this pregnancy, how you been?q
here, just sent you an email about an opportunity for next week. Lemme know what you think...!
Looking for a home in the Austin area? www.Luxury-homes-in-Austin.com
Record numbers tonight in my #CoreFusion #Cardio class and it was the loudest I've ever heard them count the 5,6,7,8!!
Last day of school for me is June 27 blah
,,,he he.....Just ,in first of all saying,..Sorry, i feel Really BAD that it has taken me So long since the end of Sunday's
Looks like NY surrenders. RT BREAKING: I have found a bottle of Jack Daniels. #developing ...
let's work ! Shoots ?
Blue Skinned Guardians
I really really really HATE contest rules.
Those people that put some form of smiley in every single text
Dead wolf photos stir tensions in West SALMON, Idaho (Reuters) - Photos of dead and maimed wolves have pervaded the Internet in recent we
At an IHOP near Grand Rapids...all the servers are my age
the musical stabs in John Wayne movies are unreal
watchoo doin creeping on innocent hipsters?
Baby do it for the thrill o that's wat u want?.!!!
Remember when we were 17 just trying to fit in the downtown scene
Only Minnesotans will stop to ask you how your day is going if they have called the wrong number
I think your mommy loves me :)
no.... Its an order!!!!! Lol cant wait to see you son dork :p
If you took a shot each time Harbaugh was upset with officials in this game, you'd be dead.
what is the app about?
can you let eceryone know about your fan club at
Okay, 3:40, I HAVE to sleep now. ;~; Goodnight~
“You can call me whatever you want,SNAKE, BITCH or OTHER WOMAN, but I promise you, I will never be a PATHETIC and BORING housewife.
Ireally dislike the TV with a passion b/c ain't shit on
Bed time...then Baltimore...then Denver...So excited abt the new administration!
I know that Patrice is and i think Rashella as well.
congrats on the IP nomination! I <heart>
I'm pretty sure Pres Obama would wipe the floor with Newt, but it is something to think about.... History does repeat it self time to time
I am completely full today I'm not going to eat anything else until tomorrow
Off to join the conversation around Milwaukee Succeeds. We're ready to see students reach their potential!
Watching a Globe Trekker (Lonely Planet!) episode about Rome. Great series for travel/history fans. The coliseum, Vatican, Roman Senate!
Weighed in at 150 lbs....Feeling fit and ready....Thanks to everyone for your support.
I just sewed a dress, practically, well almost, it counts tho!!!
Standing with bhv_station with our mouths wide open c:
Can you send me contact info on Bella? I will post an alrt on Facebook and website too - .
because your so hansome.. and everyone loves you...you our hero.
love when we o
Yeah like replaying it all the time! Or stopping time when I hug Hills! :))
True - but I'll bet if grandpa OHd their odds would dim somewhat haha
Wondering why varies up to 0.3mi when measuring the exact same course.
where your not Jack...
Hopefully it will feel more intimate! It's so big right now you feel so far from the action.
Adams: The whole disability system is kind of based on 1950s America. It's morphed gradually over the years, but doesn't (cont)
Will do, Prof
DON'T PLAY STUPID WITH ME ...I'M BETTER AT IT
please say hi back please I beag u please you are so cool please I beag of u please u awsome please
lol no they won't. They hate you
People who take the elevator to the 2nd floor need to be shot in the knees so they have a reason not to take the stairs
Lmao no +k for me?? Hahaha
": I'm a little tea pot" short and stout here is my handle here is my spout
#YouUseToManyMeaninglessHashtags golf is better than you.
In the end, it was all about the money for Pujols. Feel bad for #Cardinals fans.
+ Congratulations Dacia - now a published author!!! :-)
umm.... pain medication... they want me to shut up and sleep but i never will
Cant see how u past dudes fkd up.
its a song...
It's great to be connected on Twitter. I'll be in touch soon about next interview steps. Have a rockin' great day!
hey talia- when you get here, ask the bartender for an envelope I left for you.. you get some drink chips :)
Hah. No kidding goods. :) OK ? xx.
Hi Artie! You are the cutest bunny I ever did see!
RT : #Google has $43 billion in cash...
I'm counting down the hours, minutes, seconds... Until we're together. :)
I just meant if you are on reddit that I'd follow you if you have an active username.
Hi Alex, looking to network with business minded individuals and ran across your profile. How are things in Canada?
Everyday Twitter also reinforces that famous and stupid are inseparable
Scorpions - The best is yet to come (with lyrics): via
I'm at Open BI initiative #edu11 and coffee is no longer being sold? WTW?
ahahahaha although I live in the US I voted for london(: lol
lol very true
i have no idea yo but im going to bed hun, night love you!!!!<33
yeah, every time some one says "I'm a Christian so (insert generalization here)," I'm like, "um ..."
Ah first day of school...remember to slow down in those school zones now! :)
like i said, just lucky... i was on and he was on! i alos didnt and dont spam him like some people tend to do..(not u)
Lol! They are dope! Proud to represent brudda :D
is having its first general planning meeting tonight at Coffee Cave 45 Halsey Street 7pm ALL ARE WELCOME!!\
And that's an hour of my life I'll never get back
Never saw a dude roll a blunt on a bus! It just got real!
love you :*
Its Monday Morning. Forgive me if I grunt excessively.
OMG YOU HAVE TO
blowing up like balloons right now!
I can't fully articulate how much I hate my Chromebook. Everytime I try to like it it shits in my face. Wish I bought a MacBook Air.
RT : #ff the new and best way to drink your beer you have to see the way it works for yourself!
I miss u so much!!
hey thats me.:)
YESS HE IS !!! HES A VERY ATTRACTIVE GUY
lol I'll talk to him ;)
Congratulations to Brian from the HubSpot team for his finalist nomination, and thanks to MassTLC for honoring our fearless leader
You give what you give, what you dont give is lost forever, this day will never come again
RT University of Richmond Robins School ranked #1 in International Biz for 2nd str8 yr by Bloomberg BusinessWeek
#np running (dying to live)
I asked "How did he make that!?!?" but then I realized that Dirk Nowitzki is a flamingo.
Happy Mothers Day to my tech mama 's where I get all my awesome nerdiness :-)
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mommies!! ❤
#smbmad #ford Excited is under statement. We are almost at capacity & have great sponsors. What more could U want.
making an effort to change it :D
check out who's on 1st with Abbott and Costello.
Just seems I've never in my life heard of a guy calling into work sick with a migraine but countless women do every month.
Purple and Blue, and Neons! lets just say
I can't see the little pictures :l I have an android ...
I fucking hate bus stops that don't have a bench !
Have a great weekend!
so do I!!!! Let's go this summer!!! Shall we?
Thanks for making a great event happen for !
There's a difference between implementing the mandates and advocating/agree with them, isn't there?
RT : Looking for something to do? Don't forget we're celebrating #BlackHistoryMonth with events planned now through 2/29...
Not to be a downer but so far age 5 is proving to be the same way. My child can demolish a room in no time flat!
Basic video needs: Hi-resolution camera, tripod, learning how to shoot/frame, lighting kit, clip-on mics, and editing software.
Seau 911 call. Dispatcher: "Where did he shoot himself?" Girlfriend: " I can't tell ma'am, it looks like in the heart."
Besides, wake me up when it's Phila vs NYY.
Nothing goes better with a hot day than iced coffee, patio seating, and #fireflycupcakes!
Cute shot. BTW love your song to that Fireblossom on Youtube!
Proving point about genius of the collective: crazy brilliant ideas for ArtGameLab. PS I want to be Zork
Sun is down, time to get down.
Noon starts w/ Breaking News about street closure @ I &11 & said ”reason 4 street closure was unclear,” 1 search 4 #occupydc = BP!
My zipper on my pants broke today, that's crazy they are the most expensive pair I own. Not too tight either!
Mostly is evaluating articles not only citations but tweets/FB/Citeulike etc.
I am going to be late for my 9am but I'm back on Twitter bc I also wanted to give a shout to & their teen playwright fest on Sat.
love my life! even my stress has a way of letting me know I AM ALIVE!!! Have a good weekend Friends!
Petitioning "House to House" with a team of Genesee County neighbors today. Our momentum is really catching on in the GLOW counties!
Not by name, but items like Pork Soup Shao Loong Bao are dim-sum-ish.
. Too bad it wasn't cited well, bc that book is actually very good
TOMORROW IS GONNA BE SO AMAZING FOR ALL THE #MAHOMIES OUT THERE!! Knocke em' dead Mahone (;
Agree, my gut says he's out for the season. Day to day for 3 weeks is never a good sign...
BECAUSE YOU ARE.
any time, it was great to see yous all!
Perfect day!
Heading over to the Hard Rock with Doc to see Aaron Lewis of Staind! It's going to be a great show
Today went by so fast 😞😒😠
so did the Fins know about Marshalls night club incident when they traded him? hm
I don't want to rub it in, but counting today, I have 5. I don't think I'm going to make it.
bowling like a gee!! cause
when oh when is the collage coming out?
u should come to vegas to teach! :)
Heading to Fresh and Easy with the Roomie IM STARVING!
and many of these lawyers in Congress. Bad idea.
is super awesome now that he's on Twitter!!!! Follow him guys!!!!!
Good luck! RT : I will be #bobsting for my LAST FINAL tomorrow night. Save me a seat?
"As he looks at Anna in her apron, his face beams with a great happiness."- CHRIS CHRISTOPHERSEN
I need to get a focus group together for a scholarship program - any Baltimore leaders, community organizations, etc interested? Message me!
Anybody know of a good pube barber? I tip well.
Stunning. I'm very sorry for your loss. Hugs.
Attending GA . Good work happening!
"I'm going to go pay this $800 fine and my checks have baby farm animals on them, bitch!"
I feel like the #WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty trending topic is getting inappropriate.. Maybe it's just me idk lol
Finally got linked back up!
Hey! US & Canadian librarians! We're offering a special 20% discount on our CBO Psychiatry Collection! email for info
he better slow down with the food that is not safe. Things get hard & may be painful for him but he better get it 2gether quick
Joshua is killin it on American idol
So what's going on? I just called the WAC, asked if they had any spots open, then laughed heartily and hung up.
TebowGate: winner gets drinks - Kubs =Jags ...
Great set last night :)
looks cool as heck to me!
#Aquarius the country MB will take you to: Greece
it shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't...
Yes the weather around the southeast surely made plans changed for everyone! Hope you had a great trip back!
Some of our dudes are at today working with Crazy good stuff happening.
Happy Birthday! to
I love that you are consulting on #TheVoice tonight - where the heck have you been?
trying to convince my mom To let me go to your guys concert at the rave on April 22nd. Almost broke her!
when do y'all want to go let me know so I can ask off on a Saturday
Where is moving to?<33
No matter what, have fun.
DAMN YOU PIXELS!
it's a grace digital radio. The preset stopped working this week. I searched wcve and HD1/HD2 are listed but won't connect.
Seersucker is a bit more flexible but the rules are firm on linen and white accessories.
One realizes the full importance of time only when there is little of it left. – Paul W. Litchfield
Why was the hot guy voted off #DWTS? That's not how I would have played that one, America.
these are going to be the longest 3 weeks of my life.
And I need, my anger not to control.
PS: Have you heard about dance clubs that are powered by the energy of people dancing? (where else, but Scandinavia)
Lost a bit of my soul lastnight.
thank you :)
plus some pastry varieties, like pan in Japan.
the jetts told you to make it real, but you didn't...
absolutely I hope everything's okay
Can I get some whitespace? Please. The enter/return key is your friend. SeriouslyINeedSomeWhitespace.
Pumpkin fest. Pumpkin beer
Dear Self: GET OUT OF BED!
yeah me too. but now I'm serious about it because i cruise next month and I'm way too big to be cruising right now lol
B 1-0. “: POLL: which Club advances to the Champions League Final today,A) Barcelona orB)Chelsea? Letters only, please. #UCLonFOX”
Ahh! I didn't even think of that! Good idea
fuck smelly ass people.
rt : From Propellerheads, the makers of Reason: "Figure" for iOS. Holy crap this is rad. // so sweet... totally agreed
#toy2012- Keisha Lewis will always be our best!
Hey everyone complaining that Grammy's are delayed on west coast: Step away from your computer, go do something productive, and watch at 8pm
I got a new Video card yesterday. I was so excited to install it & play games, but it turned into 3 hours of frustration & blank screens :-(
It's beautiful and peaceful. You'll definitely be able to relax.
Another call saves Cal. Kenny Vac flagged for interference on 3rd and 20. Ugh.
Prince Royce ;)
headed stateside? Lemme know....
he accomplished more but sterling was waaaaaaayyyy better. If not for the injuries sky was limit for sterling.
My hair got three shades blonder just from the sun here
Yeesh! No more talk of darkness or 8 am meetings...
Another good dimension of our work. “: Global Civic Engagement as information professionals #iplan”
. is asking us to turn off cell phones...yeah, din't think that's gonna happen.
I liked the endgame but the episode sucked. Himym opposite imo.
Well Packer fans, the judges aren't gonna help any, so GET TO VOTING!
Talent gets you where you need to be, Character keeps you there.
I'm Gonna Do All I Can 2 Make The World A Better Place..
Freezing from the game! Need hot chocolate now! ☕
well see ilse this is where your wrong ;)
Dora: What. was. your. favorite. part. of. the. day? Me: uhh not again nigga.. Dora: I. LIKED. THAT. TOO.
I hope your life is how you want it. I hope he's what you want.
dude.. I was.. No I'm actually still very pissed off!!
thanks for the shout out!
Off to San Diego!!
Ladies...if it doesn't work out between us, the VERY next guy will get you pregnant.
So my brother in law compared the army nanner I made him to pink socks that he shouldn't take to work. Lame... ;)
I've stopped watching clips and trailers for PROMETHEUS. I'm already sold. I want to walk into the movie and genuinely be surprised.
#MyPastRelationships don't remember them. Maybe cause they weren't real. I role solo because I'm unwanted.
Newark Jobs Fair -Wed 29th February- Town Hall-10am-2pm Come along and meet TRAVAIL to talk about local jobs, get information and advice.
No one has ever become poor by giving. –Anne Frank
#marriagechat - Hello all!!
I don't disagree, but part of the problem is that they keep shows that aren't highly rated. I love Parks and loved FNL. 1/2
Falling asleep to #ADayToRemember?! I'm bound to sleep good tonight. 🎧💤
Loves having to be reminded to kiss my love before I leave the house.
Successfully reached over 4600 followers!
I wasn't at the time
So relieved that YouTube reinstated the Kate Upton video. Because it's an important statement about free speech.
Hi - any idea when the next Comedy Class Intensive will be??
great meeting/shootin you the other day at the school in san jo! footage looks great so far :) (i was the one with the j's)
Unfortunately, I'll be out of town on a hike tomorrow morning ...
Catch me if you can though.
can you take naps at work? Just saw on the news a few nights ago that local company has a nap room at work for employees.
i still cant trust you exbestfriend ):
Happy New Year Aplin Family, Kabul
Living the life <3
thats so cool! You can come early and watch me!
Morning, everyone. :)
we shall see!!
PatMania 2 is on hold. But have no fear.. new #patCAST's are on the way!
RT : Great job by on outlining concerns facing school and public libraries, especially issues!...
Latest mixtapes videos and interviews on Fixurface.com!!!
No kidding! Rest my #@&! I have to go to work on Mondays to recover from Sunday!
Julie's tools Mimi Robertson and Janet Freese estimate they've logged 65 hours so far cataloging the objects from their late mother's kit
well lookin at yo skin color yo eyes and low and ya hair from da stor i cant deal i need 100percent korean asian
#RITBob Schieffer is in the Student Innovation Center, right now!
I know I did! I thought I was sick of pumpkin pie, but here I am, having it for breakfast with my coffee.
Blockbuster Video was the bane of my existence. I'm glad they went bankrupt.
Wonder how many roadies and tour support have unexpectedly lost their jobs because cancelled tour.
Alright. "Immortals"...let's see what you got!!
Stay tuned later today for an announcement about the 2012 Teen & Miss International opening number dresses!
text me
shut up
Ahh, officially 2 days until I move!
Unique is bullshit. Newton & Leibnitz: calculus. Darwin & Wallance: evolution. Bell & Grey: phone. Is it a business? Test.
RT : today's weather has really gotten me in the mood for can't wait to get started.
My belarusian friends wanna see me ASAP, so pretty soon we will finally meet!))
thanks for the #FF as always ;-))
Mark your calendars, New Yorkers. will be back at Rockwood Music Hall on June 2nd.
Quinces practice today:))
Purple-spine... Well, where can I hear these spine-tingling sounds? Is it anything like the ROL album?
i4 looks nice...wonder how much it's going to cost?!
Cranky that the wine bar/coffee bar across from my house has a slow connection and no outlets.
its sexy xD
I'm a late second round....early third round pick.....
Auyoung: BH thematizes our inability to know the entire world - characters constantly find themselves on one side of a surface
I love the variety of pet pictures you see on twitter and we all think our pet is the cutest!!!
nicee can i be ya company
Had a blast tonite club ceasers oh yes!!!
If you didn't get the chance to celebrate the 1st day of Summer, celebrate the 2nd day at Wet Stone...Tropical White Sangria anyone?
Tonight Valentines Salsa Social with yours truly Chino Nunez and from NYC Ray Sepulveda. Goldcoast Ballroom, Coconut Creek Fl 9 pm.
i kno, she so Hollywood 🌟🏆
Good suggestion! Thanks!
im acctually not jealous of the girls who have already met justin, since out of all those girls he hasnt found "the one" yet. haha :) -steph
Cool! Will pass the recommendation along. I'm clueless these days... all clubbed out from the 90s! lol.
your racing app is printing cash mate...best 99 cents around. Great write up on Mallyon/VainAttraction Tactics!
she let me diver her daddys lambo i told her i wasnt going to crash it aha
OK conners - your big day - lots to see inside the SD Convention Center - and near perfect weather outside - looking for sunshine and 73
Have Faith In Me - A Day To Remember can't relate to The Titanic. Rose said she'd never let go, but she did.
Hi tweeties, haven't been tweeting much.
when is the broadcast going to start?
#top10Lies White girl: Yeah, I can dance.
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
lol u was...glad u had fun tho lol
Just overheard someone at the bar say "I wrote the book on illiteracy".
almost 90% of the problems in the family starts with lack of transparency
YES! RT Some artists create every day. Some don’t. Be you.
Holla at me I'm shootin a reality show in ny
Good question Silence from on the subject...?
Ah, they must being serving you Haterade
Unless you're Bill O'Reilly.
Thanks for two great seasons DT! Good luck at the next level.
Timing is everything.
my cousin loves zayns hair and people at the bar listen to wmyb. My bro likes them too... Theyre like 20-.-
Happy 10th Anniversary ! We loved bringing in beer to the studio. :) here's to another 10 years!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Crossing our fingers that one of our docs will screen Love their festival.
At #actioncampsa Social Media for Nonprofits run by great volunteers. Thanks!
very cool. would love to see it when you're done. Thanks!
Hello♪ Follow me!
“ gross bro. There's gonna be doo everywhere.” your gonna look like Arnold in the end of Predator.
Who wanna go out tonight? I think I want to go to a nice restaurant but I don't know how nice im going to bill when that bill comes lls
H-Town Married Man#
Oh cool, glad you liked that page. Right now, that article is bringing me a lot of my traffic. Like every day.
Giggling at myself because I ordered something from American Eagle…
Give them nothing but take from them everything
should I contact regarding my book?? I'm so excited to get it.
I have 50K words. Can I go home now?
are you at the house?
thoughtful resources to support inclusive, accessible, informed community engagement in education include forum & edu glossary
if there was an mvp for the night, it goes to me
Prep for #JMS480 PR proposal= lots of charts, meetings & creative brain power. 1 month left to plan an idea that'll knock their socks off!
which Chloe perfume do you have? Need to buy it ASAP.
Maya Rudolph is in a Prince tribute band. People are seriously stealing all my ideas while I tweet and play Draw Something.
Last Act of Bye Bye Birdie 😭 #birdiegang or die 😠
PERFECT RT Also, being sandwiched between the Bronte sisters after several rounds of hot toddies would be ok too.
I guess now I am love. Lol
Just because you have the newest Jordans and a SnapBack on doesn't mean you have swag.
Del Negro is dipping deep into his pomade. No other tricks up his sleeve.
You got to hate your coworkers ?
damn u look GOOD
I'll keep pushing on though this perpetually darkness. then in hell I'll seek my confidence
Cant believe this game, welcome to true post season suspense.
OMG I ABSOLUTELY LOVE SAY SOMETHING !!! It's amazing! Do you know when it's coming on iTunes?
You use Safari, right? How long has the User Agent menu been there? (Translated: WHERE HAS THIS BEEN ALL MY LIFE??)
Thanks. Do you get a lot of engagement?
I just posted both your article and the one you sent in the same tweet...is that bad? Will you get sued by u-know-who?! Haha
Long distance salute: ": I brewed a black IPA. I'm only missing two of my favorite people to help me enjoy it."
kittens for you.
Grey's Momma!
Get to bookie now!!!!
Zamnnnn she came at the whole org. though.
motorcycle cop runnin radar on 50th and prospect
great piece! Self realization of the inherent risk of loving sports in a corporate fueled environment is a nice touch.
RT Oh look, a really comprehensive study on #digitalpreservation training has just arrived in my email. Thanks
kiss me again - we are the in crowd feat. alex gaskarth. ;D
This stuff is pretty mellow. This stuff is mild. It's dope you can reason with. It doesn't mess you up.
Wait...doesn't everyone narrate their everyday lives like its a reality show? That can't be just me.
Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass red lipstick. -Gwyneth Paltrow
your best addiction is my beard ;)
I can't wait for summer cuz I've got some stories to share with you guys haha
Dear #NBA , that unfamiliar sound is money being spent on other professional sports.
me! Just wish it wasn't at such a horrible time here! I have to wake up at like.. 3am.
You busters need cars ! I need a ride home
Gotta start making some usf bulls new dancing shoes & Tee Shirts for Selection Sunday !!???!!!!! #are u from here
Don't forget the EHS Facebook group is closing very soon! Make sure to "Like' EHS's new page today!...
Fashion forward?
Just found the perfect Brittany-from-Glee winter hat at Gossip. Bring it on, cold! Please?
big things coming from this year!
No outs here fellas. Let's get one in.
Im doing ok just the game
Thanks to new followers and !
thank you! Good night!
My Twitter numbers right now: 161 following; 162 followers; 163 updates... any numerologists out there who can find meaning there?
Say hi to my friends! ;)
Good thing her email had noting to do with what I dreamed about.
wats good with that session im tryna #getintune with that lbs
why you tryna play me on Twitter, you know I ain't got no bullets let alone a real gun!!!! *throws hands in the air* UGHH!!!!
Watching #manup- i love that show!! They are going
Absolutely NO traffic on my way to LGA!!! Rock on!
I just saw a silver Beetle but it wasn't you. Cute girl though. The 9-1 hot-not ratio still stands for female VW drivers.
if you start liking him maddi, swear to god i will kill you, Hahaaa hes hit. af'
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen ~ Albert Einstein
that literally just came up again. it happened at least twice a month which means there's nothing else for them to talk about.
Watch The idiot cycle
Make a wish! ♥
#me too
I have passed on the message, which resulted in chuckles. I think you would have lots to geek out over :-)
thank you! all designed in-house by ux superwoman
Lisa we answer our phone in 45 seconds or less, plus we are open 24/7 :)
looks like fun!!
Gonna start my homework. bye guys ! :) - Danicia
we are working on that and have featuring the equipment room.
fun fun never been to Michigan
you got a tony nom. yes, yes you did!
Awesome! Always a great time at Venice beach!
Here come the tears...*tear* *tear*
That awesome moment when your favorite song gets played on pandora 4 times in the day!
Got Netflix!
Thank you for the RT :)
What is your favorite CMS?
Finally starting Season 5 of Californication. Damn, how I missed this perversion.
I hope is having a wonderful day
yeah shit can happen haha x)
We're back from San Francisco! What an amazing city!
I pray for my enemies
So funny. So prescient. RT : Welcome back, bubble
Whats good with everybody? What's poppin tonight in LA?
If it is urgent, please email our help desk at and I can check on it for you. Sorry for the inconvenience.
oh yes!! Lol.enjoying my.coffee lol
'' I'm happy for you!' is the hardest lie to tell when your old love found someone new.
Tip 6: Maintain languages on an individual basis. Often you don’t need to replicate the same content changes across all languages.
LIKE MY STATUS IF YOU GONNA WATCH MY MUSIC VIDEO ''VA BAE'' WHEN IT DROP...
is that a type of hot beverage?
I stay leavin my pop when I switch classes not today this pop was $1.50
Birthday to you!
Who wants a #FF shout out ?
“: Wat the fuck was Mario charmers doing taking that shot ..” he told Lebron chill I got it bro
BT made me dinner, bought me a book and chocolates, and is playing our favorite album while we eat. I'm a lucky girl :)
Dreaming about fiction, facts, radio, being a guest or a host in life with while overlooking the pacific
Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams
MT : The #NASASocial is now scheduled for May 18-19. Confirmed attendees have a new e-mail from us
Speaking of hearts ...Can I have yours?
": Anyone that quotes Tombstone in their bio deserves a follow! ;)" You're a daisy if ya do...
FOLLOW > , she play in JONAS LA!
not that I know of. What ya thinking?
Call Exotic Collision Center today for a free estimate (339)224-3771 .
I hate when I have dreams and I get something like money or something and then when I wake up I really look for it like a dumbass
And now back to sleep.
Hilarious. RT His Palm Pilot finally loaded? RT : My boss just responded to an email I sent him... in 2004.
i got SOMEDAY : by justin bieber today at macy's......ot smells so
I definately love it it's play on my computer over and over and im not clicking the repeat button my computer is clicking
got the blue slide park album on my itunes.
Spin. Bring it!
absolutely!!!! I believe in you. Wanted to be on the road too ....enjoy the journey. :) it will unforgettable
well its been too many days already! :(
laptop gonna be burnt out
He is the mighty mascot of catalogers all over the world
if the money doesn't flow then I might add well have an invisible supporter
that's like saying Ariana Grande is ugly...yes I just went there. You still have time to take that statement back :)
they need to learn their place
Just think of all their smiling, beaming faces covered with frosting & sprinkles ;-)
Wow! #mcdm RT : Took over 3 yrs for Twitter to pass a billion tweets. They now log that much every 4 days!
hey i saw your pictures and i remember you from your audition!!
Heyy. Wanna follow back ? Thanks.(:
Oh jesus! Why dont you tell me these things!?
Dam i like free tatts lol
The more thankful you are, the more you'll have to be thankful for...
Congrats :D
Do some good today! Visit Westfield Plaza in Carlsbad TODAY for Real Living Lifestyles Real Estate Community Service fair!
YOOOO>>> Stand up session last night .. DOPE collabo.. Start to the new era
Yes, that's because we're awesome. Next year will be better.
Copper Mtn: 8:30am, 1ft of fresh and still dumping. Just slipped SBX course...#priorities?
Go to our website right now & you can win a free bag by emailing and the 1000th email will win! Just email us to win!
nah, friends don't take friends to , only lovers do.
Trulia uses "real estate resume" as your profile page; like linkedin for real estate. Lots of tools to help agents connect with leads.
Oh, Jenny Elasciiu, you so funny
they thirsty ass.
OMG! Andrew Bynum is finally beginning to believe.
your both DOPE!
waiting patiently for you to put the link! #EXCITED ! :D <3
I think Sarah wanted to go there later!
that explains a lot.
dude with the shotgun is raw. And dudes boogers are in full effect
everything is good now
Thank you ! Happy Mothers Day!!!
testing 3-4 yr olds seems so odd to me.
really thats kewl :)do they have a twitter?
same thing as social media + music, it's a mask itself. different age but hendrix or srv didn't and wuldn't need it. truth spreads
"Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image." ~Denis Waitley
Thanks for the mention, Happy Friday!
OMFG. my over bite is bad & my open bite. STILL. fml.
HURRY BACK!!! I'm hungry and need one of those sandwiches again! lol! Hope LA is treating you good:)
oh when you walk by every time talking sweet and looking fine I get kinda hectic inside.
thank you!!
Yes. Yes is was.
No matter what seat I have on the plane, it always seems to be in "Group 4."
christ, this audio sucks though. really annoying.
I'm secretly killing your multiple times in my head.
profiule need to be upgraded
You've seen Bottle Shock, right? Very cute.
OK...what bands can play our "we aren't at sxsw / st.patty's day" party?
I'd rather die than sit and watch the NFL Draft for one minute. I can get the exact same information on Twitter and get something done.
Preach!!! RT : If Obama raises my taxes I will fire my landscaper. Now he's out of a job. Fuck your socialism, blacky
Cowboys can't cover LT. killing cowboys all night!
Stoked to be playing next Wednesday with , the ONLY Indie-Electro-Hip-Pop band worth their weight in pop rocks!
Really bugs me when people on instagram get so many likes on their dumb pictures. Like, don't just post pictures of yourself all the time.
There's nothing that's been so good at waking people up to #water issues as $100/barrel oil.
the chipotle spiced chocolate cake is making me salivate and it's only 10 a.m.!
Love this company. Anyone selling anything. You need this on your website. I would love this one your site!
Tough loss, but respect to the buckeyes, they played great. Still love my bearcats
geaux #lsutigers! college baseball sec champs.
Watching poor people play every number combo in the lotto as I sit behind them for ten mins,makes me legit want to murder them in cold blood
I'm disappointed in you, I'm a Tony Stark disciple all the way
It's all about the Hamiltons baby!
The deadline is fast approaching and we need as many #videos as possible! Show us something from your weekly routine!
iPad time! “: Lights are dimming, Apple CEO Tim Cook has taken the stage.”
Wishing a relaxing weekend for everyone..
Someone asked me whether our UIUC GSLIS discussion boards were archived. My reply? I freaking hope not!
You're follow is no longer in vain and unrequited.
mostly the issue was walking from Columbia Heights to Union Station with a little extra wandering
So necessary. I love u boo 😘 life chat to be continued....
What is ur favorite #cookbook #author of the past? I love Hannah Glasse & Mary Randolph #recipes. What era do you study?
Another slow start for
Life sucks I think I want to die!!!
What's everyone up to today? We're still looking for a new guitar player. Must be hot and over 21. Love, the PR girl
THIS IS FUCK ME HEAVEN.
We are half way through the month of January. How is everyone doing on their New Year's resolutions?
How's everyone doing tonight?
Super #FAIL! I'm out of Chardonnay! Today of all days!
Tonight's all nighter is brought to you by Disney Channel and chocolate pudding.
Now chillin home.
there ya go lol
Who are you gonna call? RT : Hey, you know what you run into when you get off the Franklin stop on the 1? The Ghostbusters HQ!
u do know I'm from Shaolin
Who r u & y are u angry at bella ?
Louis is gonna be one hot 6th grader Lol
RT : Q1. Once all it took to be successful in biz was to make a quality product. What has changed?
GOD everything is annoying and FAT and GIMPY and ROTTED OFF AND DYING TO DEATH
Jazz Slang: Zoot: Used in 30s & 40s to describe exaggerated clothes especially a zoot suit. Look at that cat's "zoot" suit. It's crazy, man.
Thanks for the follow ! I look forward to your tweets!
sounds like me! Just hard to beat a good book.
I don't need your opinion.
Nice! Loved the "twitter junkie" comment in Final Thoughts -suspect your twitter activity=many views
yeah, i know but trends in this game suggested you'd be better off bringing more pressure on that 3rd and 10.
Can you daydream at night?
Gabby&#39;s Garden: Decomposed Granite
Wannabes nd in austin texuss off ur ass, douche!
Good luck to all my coworkers presenting at #DLS15 this week. Wish I was there too. The library is quiet without them here.
8am and I'm finally gonna try to sleep. Is it weird that I like not having a normal sleep schedule? New vlogs this weekend! Gnight!
Loving our tees from ! Great fit + super quality! Every #foodie should have one!
So much for friends.
Hey beliebers I have 1 request please pray for my friend she got hit by a big truck and she is in the hospital please pray
#Hurricane #Irene top the charts at #9 for top social media
Today was so good I forgot to tweet! I'll try to do better tomorrow.
I like saying 'quesa-dillas' instead of 'quesa-deeyas' to make people mad
:) RT“: I literally jumped for joy when I found out is coming back for 2013!!!! Can't wait :D”
Observation: drive-thru coffee places seem to do big biz, at least in So Cal. Biz opp for other types of niches? As a mom I sure appreciate!
Elway as gr8 at Exec than under center...
thats cute :)~ good luck
Very hot out..... its 102 now.. only getting hotter!!
#WaysToIrritateMe -- Calling with absolutely nothing to talk about.. Wasting my unlimited minutes!
Fergie and the rest of will be there - will you? Next chance to win your way to Vegas for music fest is coming up at 3:20!
Can't beat yourself. At least make the keeper save it.
and you do well at it :D
Great workout this morning. Now sittin on my porch n the rocker waiting on my bud to pick me up. Gotta love car poolin!
IM MAKING A POINT!x “: if your really nicki why dont you get your old twitter back ?”
IT'S #FRI-HIGH-DAY BITCHES!!!!
SELF-SUFFICIENT.
Offensive line is looking good Gabe!
We like to think it's what Gorillas eat when they're high,
all men are different luv, we all luv our loved ones in different way's. hope all goes well for you and ur family!! rt
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
my sis watches
And film.
haha I guess ^^
Gota tell my coach some bad news...wonder will she kick me off the team or take my uniform from me?
Every time you make a "your mom" joke, I call my mom to check. Most of you are liars.
What a great picture!!
I've got friends taking couch, but floor is open if you want it
love you too girl !
As much as I love 'Cuse, I'd hate to lose a few days of hilarious stuff from
Thanks,I finally figured it out.I went to some site that explained how to do it,& it was having me dwnload all this crap
Final edits sent in. The next issue should print later this week. 10,000 copies for the first time ever.
Happy birthday
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
What Bill Gates Says About Drug Companies
Stay tuned for Charlie Boy Gang new Mixtape dropping 5-28-12 NO GRIND NO SHINE. Weworkin!!
What? RT DC mayor's budget calls for new tax on #theater tickets at places like Arena Stage, Shakespeare and Studio theaters.
You're gorgeous! =)
will be on The Boston Local Music Show on Tuesday @ noon. Just confirmed!
jeez i am tired as hell!!!!
"There are certain people that are marked for death. I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly."
First issue: Who shot first #HanSolo or Greedo?
My man is only following 2 people and 3.3 million followers .. this man has juice !!! Lmao
you need to be quiet. or I'll shove special a down your throat
Sorry. We didn't use an HDMI cable today. I hope you find it!
to choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
#Bulls go down again... What a joke! Now it's time to see a real team play #LetsGoHeat #brooms r out in new York.
Happy St. Pat's!! #drunkyet?
[Psa103] FatherGod thru Lord Christ has forgiven all of our past+present+future iniquities & has also healed all our current+future diseases
yes sir come thru got a couple new goodies
It's Earth Day! Tell us what "green" actions you're taking, like switching to paperless billing, riding your bike, or recycling.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Armstrong: Can you report a story about Haiti without talking to Haitians? Journalists seem willing to do that all the time.
Does anyone know a solid microfinance outfit for those interested in "investing / lending"?
Number One With a Bullet Kisses!
At the Nursing Home to see my Great Aunt. I hate being here 
#PetPeeves when I'm on the computer listening to music doing homework and someone turns the TV on. It irritates my fucking SOUL!
I love it when a short story starts writing itself, but now it's turning into a novella!
All you elitists and your Macs on Ikea furniture!!!
In the story of Mormonism, speech Romney just gave at Liberty was a historic moment. The highest-profile attempt yet to bridge rival faiths
Love this picture...great blog...keep all of this important info flowing. Namaste!
Sitting here in Iowa eating breakfast alone without my family <<<
New Group: "People for the Ethical Treatment of Sleeveless Fruits"
this is kind of sad, really. I was afraid that I might find myself in one of those years!
SLA Housing is our only official hotel service. All other org's are NOT approved by SLA and are not authorized to call you. thx to
Oh my :o I dance :p And you had school today?
They have Peanut butter vodka now?
you & Courtney.. Lol
Drunk phylosophical musings by my cooks after service.
Kobe is 14 for 56 in his career for game winners that's 22% but he's clutch right haha
Knocked up big
That was an ok comeback. What's it Luke being King Of The Steroid users?
when are the food trucks downtown?
Two big interviews downtown today. If I get one of those jobs, I am moving back to the city immediately.
24hrs from now will have 2500+ppl rocking at #CowboysThursday. Don't miss it!
I got it! conditioner and bush!! haha
All night!
The number one thing stopping you from being successful is YOU... Period... Stamp it on your forehead. We all get hammered by life, some of…
Wake up and grind hard!!!!
This was definately one of those weekends. On that note, it is already starting to look like one of those years too.
sweet. Also sending you and email about when you are here in Aug. Stuff for wives and kids to do.
Oh Tiger.
Not a fan of the Knicks signing JR Smith
#Pirates first team since 1968 that hasn't scored or allowed more than five runs in nine straight games. Heading for 10 tonite.
same salary like everybody else who gt a max contract....not proving a point...
One time we DON'T want to be first. MT Washington Post is NOT reporting that Santorum is dropping out, despite tweets otherwise
- hope you enjoy. Has a really interesting premise!
If you bout that life, let Me direct your next music video.
sounds like a great run! Where did you do it? trail? inside? sidewalk?
I bought a box of animal crackers and it said on it "Do not eat if seal is broken." So I opened up the box, and sure enough...
My stack drying is architecture.
what's that show about?
Johnny Rocker
Thx, lucky for me it's jeans day too! RT : We want to wish our Dir of Talent Dev, , a very happy birthday today!!!
Juicing 4 cups at a time recently. Too much for immediate use. So I drink 2 cups & save remainder in a ball jar in fridge for later.
yeah im late to it. Lol. Its tight tho.
This morning we are in Fontana and Rancho Cucamonga Court for DUI's. Think people still drink and drive?
I'm gonna miss you guys!!
I voted and hope everyone else has or will!
Weight on target! Weigh in sunday for WKA worlds in germany. Repping combatcompany.co.uk with team england for MMA and full contact ossu!
Im soo blessed to have my first grandson born on Feb 3rd..AIDEN..your Nana loves ya!
She's cooking dinner with ur pans.
GB defied odds last year. This year your in charge of GB destiny & history Big Fan U Guys R Great !
okay well you "owe" me a taco when you get money! A taco bell tao in fact
SAME WE SHOULD GET A GROUP PIC
Can I say Mark with only his underwear and one sock on was really hot.
Polo down...
#chocolateweek I love
we are thankful for you too
There is a chick named Theresa from Washington? Random
Account just called in a panic."We need an extra delivery this week,we forgot about Cinco de Mayo" Idiots thought it was on May 1st.#cinco=5
Please RT is looking 4 lunch spots.if u know of any businesses that would like country cookin @ their door pls let us know
May The Fourth be with you!
Woke up at 6am, actually, 6:30, to interview one o the world's greatest violinists. Scored the only interview in town. Am happy but tired.
How depressing is that?
NASCAR - explain it to me. If all you do is drive around in circles how are you ever going to get anywhere? ...Sigma out
I did hear that yesterday.
Well I guess I am. Son there is much about me you do not know. You must learn about your DNA
Confess that I am still boggling over the loss of all my vacation time. :(
My email address was specifically for red envelope. I've given it to nobody else. I'm getting lots of pharmacy & malware spam.
Thanks! You as well! The Coffee Urns are working out great by the way! Keeping bevvies hot and looking good! A great value :)
High hashtag usage for the #superbowl commercials! Love it!
The snack does not offer satisfaction or closure; it demands a more responsible future that might justify the present indulgence. --
Speaker pointed out use of tiny vs bit.ly - ty
Happy Mother's Day Alaska and Beyond!
you just trying to find any reason to get out of KY! i would make you go to the canyon with me to hike! lmao
Thanks Gail! RT : Don't listen 2 YOU're better looking twin, Wes!
aww that's sucks ask if he'll give you the point?
Now I can do all the hw I neglected to do last night. My new temporary obsession: Degrassi
Awesome! can't wait to make it...
Tsk, Tsk. See you in 2012? > RT : wish I could go to but its sold out. I never heard about it until 15 minutes ago.
Morning, peace,peace.
what up guys are yall happy ja rule and 50 cent have the same friends and the fact beef is fading out of hip hop in general
ooh I almost put them but then went with my faves - UNC & Syracuse :) Good luck!
#firstdayofschool -- out of 15 students registered, only 1 shows up -- and he was 20 min late!
oh #seesmic I had to move to a mac and now my desktop doesn't work. can't get my replies. suggestions?
I haven't had it in ages and a #2 for spicy is killing me. I'm so weak, now!
? RT : Dude at the gym videotaping himself in an Ed hardy shirt bench 185 for 2
Dirty Dancing never gets old. It's still hot all these years later.
Papa john's pizza @ the gate is tempting
is laughing at the idea that octomom is the personification of the stimulus bill
Now you want to raise parking ticket prices?? You are the scum of the earth your employees don't even fix our shitty streets
You have too at my wedding! cheetahs and lions!
#177133 jason from both
Running from your problems is one race you will never win.
Come find me, I will be in the boot, can't miss me!
I can report my fuel is low and I know what to do next.
It can't make the ABC sound any worse. RT Is Portman clapping ON her microphone?
“When you come to a fork in the road, take it.” ~ Yogi Berra
Government should only be required for art students if the only requirement is drawing political cartons.
well good for you, now do me a favor bring me my bathingsuit or I can wear my 2 piece ;)
Rain raain go away, tryin' to eat some sushi today...
Join our Irvington Green Initiative for All About Upcycling and find out how some local businesses are converting 'trash' to 'treasures'.
6 in a row for the #Orioles..Hell of a job
beautiful city / people, have a safe trip home. I'm headed your way up to Silicon Valley now :)
Laura is pregnant with twins!! Get your private lessons in during January/February before she takes a little time off! Call 206-7707.
Blessed precipitation.
my life has changed so much
so the story goes… ;)
My husband and I go back to rome for a visit in about a month and he is so excited about it that he's already thinking about what to pack.
Heading home from SF...Inman conference again a wonderful experience!!! Thanks Brad and gang
Morning Rockstars! > We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. - Cicero
I need some shirt ideas.
Well that's a tempting offer if I ever saw one!
Happy Leap Day!!!
A beautiful day in Las Vegas! Sun and 82!! ROCK!!!
#TowerHeist's Eddie Murphy will be hosting this years #Oscars. will be producing! univr.sl/omGRnc
recommends using different platforms to reach different people. One she likes best right now? Tumblr.
I run a nonprofit called Pando Projects. I am looking for the best platforms to manage/analyze our social media strategy.
Waiting for The Game to come on. They been gone for too long
I love my space heater too!! It makes the day a little toastier :)
good game y'all!
Are you rejoicing or complaining? :) I'm not loving it. RT : more rain! more rain!
i do not like "flexi-pop."
no I love feet. I put people toes in my mouth. And put lotion on peoples feet. Yummy
you guys were awesome!!! thanks for coming out & supporting us!
Kevin Na will be immolating himself on the 11TH tee at 5:30 for those who are interested
15% of adults engage in half of all sexual activity.
the most important thing is your health second is your freedom. and if you ever lost one of them for along period of time u would know that
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB!!
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of Wal-Mart? Ping back for more info! :-)
you're pushing it buddy. Good thing I didn't make you that extra special limited edition fcisoae tall tee!
I just told Chuck about your tweet. It reminded him of Frutiger and Ruder. We all miss you Sean!
A Virtue for Courageous Minds: Moderation in French Political Thought 1748-1830 by Aurelian Craiutu F'08 now available from
Follow me & I'll forever adore you. <3 :)
“: That awkward moment when you take your one legged friend to IHOP.” hahah whaat??? So weird.
Only the Strong Survive N/p Fukk Wit It $$$$$
Had a Good time Watching my Ravens Practice Today!!!! Go Ravens
RT In #cloudforce session. Cool stuff. ": More Info on new Social Hub™ & Radian6 for Service Cloud http:
annual "Guac-off" live on air now. you are missed!!! Tequila & guacamole? Si, por favor!
Romantic Tip #14: Pick flowers from the side of the road for her (P.S. don't get arrested)...www.familyandlifesolutions.com
What's 50 grand to a motherfucka like me, can you please remind me?
so a week and a day to my birthday and I still haven't decided what I want to do. I kinda want to do Universal but it depends on $$...
Totally agree, it's the only thing that keeps me sane
I woke up this morning with The Best Original Story idea EVAR. Just wrote it down so I remember. This MUST be written.
FLAG COUNTER has freaked out! Now one hit equals a DEATH PENALTY! FLAG COUNTER KILLS! DON'T DO IT!
It was very good! Lots of interesting info, though I would've like the ability to connect more on twitter :)
Our album is now available on iTunes Japan! 私たちのアルバムは現在iTunesで入手可能です日本！
two under mentioned challenges of trying to do public archaeology by social media!
Hitting up this month's Design Conversation. Topic is "Commonwealth/Open City" which should be interesting.
##Spent the whole morning at the gym. Boot Camp and Sauna,AWESOME!today is closing night at the Mint Theater, NYC :)
It was great to see everyone at #JLWL12. Have safe travels home!
Adapting some grilled sweet potato fries for indoors: 1/4 inch wedges, oil & salt, 400 degree oven, 15 minutes, flip every 5.
is this even the real austin mahone?:) and awh okay, but why would you have 2 twitters? I'm confused:) and why june2nd?:)
if u let me go shopn Friday while u at work
no im going to really do it! Haha
Lol I have nothing but respect for this man
That in no way excuses local media from giving the team, the organization, or the sport its due.
Crazy night with Rach
lol well as long as the heat don't win I'm happy :)
u dnt like me .. that's fine(;
Loving all the sexy photos by MacDaddy Jim Conway that are surfacing on the twitter this morning!
#alexlovesyou follow me please? (:
man! I'm not... But I still wanna know that proposition of yours!
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"........
I was hanging out in a bookstore and thumbed through Carol Alt's book. I was hooked on Raw after that.
That's a good point.
it is
": What do the red cards say?" Red card for racism
: Thanks for great post on Those Who Save Us book club ideas, esp Brotchen recipe!
KENTUCKY BEATS LOUISVILLE! YES! Final 4!!!!
got ya
Our sites are coming right along. Hoping launch will be monday
Everything there is to know about the Rim Country.... as soon as we know it. Starting around 9:00 am daily, except Sundays.
IT'S FIVE IN THE MORNING WHAT AM I DOING WITH MYSELF
RT Thanks for showing me Path Dave. I LOVE IT!!! Xoxo (with Dave at ) ... and that's at Path
u better go!
with Yo, " *sniff sniff* That's the Power Of Pine-Sol Baby!" slavin' ass
☛ Thanks for all the new follows, RTs, mentions and conversations this past week. Have a great weekend & hopefully see you #ROC at LilacFest
Thats stupid, She lost a great person.
Commercial Printers, Binderies, Paper Converters: Who do you call when you need equipment? Do you have a go-to person?
Paul McCartney Is The Richest Music Maker in UK
Come see me on Miami Music Television right after the Jimmy" Kimmel on Abc, come see what u are missing . Want to be on MM TV ? RT.
Whenever my hair looks like crap it always puts me in a bad mood.
lol I was but now I'm doing hw... #ewww #hatehw. And I've been sick since sun!:(
Trying to find out how many manufacturing jobs are still in the U.S. Just need one number like XX million. Any suggestions on where to look?
Funny how my taste for things subsided..now on to part 4 of the Obama Deception, very interesting
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND.
At 00:06 in Justins new Viddy, I love the look on his face. He looks fierce.
"The Last Airbender" left me indifferent. I am, however, still a big fan of the animated series.
what is it about?!?
Thank you Good Day Fox 4, we had a great time this morning! Looking forward to our show tomorrow night at Prophet Bar in Dallas!
It's a pristine day down here on Shelter Island. If you come for lunch, you'll never want to leave.
Made dinner, went location scouting and pooped all in one night.
What? I already had one. Oops, want it back??
Sorry Howard, we caught it from someone else, but it should all be cool now. Thanks
you still doing the breakfasts? When is the next one?
The meal plan today on Reshape is named "Steve Jobs Day". How apropos.
wit some toast an apple jelly lol boy thats that big mama breakfast
TBW Appreciates the care. Until Then, think big!
rickyrozay are u looking for blazzin new talent to sign if they hot
I know! In the Canadian study only 6% picked internet over sex. Canadians are FREAKS.
I like this whole getting off work in the afternoon thing.
Oh, and Ms. Bunting said she wants to stick to tax payers and to county employees alike by attacking the pension fund.
I am most grateful. I am accustom to intense pain and now I have an audiobook to distract me. :)
RT : It's hard to wait around for something you know won't happen.
To all the fashion bloggers..Do I have anyone that would like to do a piece on Sixty Seven? Our fall/winter 2011 has been doing fantastic!
seems to have her whole panel to herself, so we will learn a LOT about Afrodite Superstar. Studio F! Come on down!
What's everyone up to tonight?
Freestyle footbag is meditative creative expression
Who is Floyd?
Performing at #TheDuplex tonight for September 11th. Beautiful music, incredible voices and touching stories.
I'm in Ca. And you're not. That's sad:(
Shoutout to everyone should follow her.(:
Your not alone Bro!!! JO-WAYNE
I had an awesome time at CoDance this weekend!Our soloists & duo performed beautifully & classes were outstanding as always!
my boyfriend sorted it for me thanks though! :)
I'm getting into the holiday spirit, it snowing outside, I am working on a magical christmas card and drinking hot cocoa.
Thus proving my point, The black quarterback CAN throw the ball, is faster more athletic and is the future of football
When people play with your hair >>>
lately I wouldn't mind having 1 every night lol
I Dont Sale folks dreams I Sale em Plans!
Anyone know of a some good restaurants in Tulsa?
Words of Wisdom! #parenting "Stop trying to perfect your child, but keep trying to perfect your relationship with him." Dr. Henker
I did the same thing 2 weeks b4 having my girl;not having to worry about it in ur way & those little grabby-hands-you'll love it!
I love it when people follow me right after i follow them just like did! Go follow 4 a follow back!
And I even took my own advice this gut aint nothing these hoes will like. I said I look like LL I took my shirt, she claimed "I can't tell."
Just had guac what a treat! We kept watching them make it so we can duplicate it at home!
So stoked I ran the race. Whoop whoop. Scratching this off of the bucket list :)
oh gosh lol
we like to shop like we give a damn! can you link somewhere non-amazon? we'll tweet it up!
We did! I'm at my mom's now and she's with her family. We love you!
LOVE IT
I didn't make this bucket list for nothing. Any takers?
#shoutout to the kids who have to deal with bad parents.
I was gifted a "Drop Not Bombs" this past weekend! It makes me smile... and want new TOMS. Silver maybe? cc:
It's a great path - gorgeous view of the snowy mountains today with the super clear skies.
Um, the limit is 140. N00b!
u r funny! a tambourine can be a deadly weapon, that is certain.
Usually at this time another side of me would come out....
ugh. i hate people sometimes!
I really don't like you.
has to be the ideal wife. seriously.
$3400 ++ this week on the $500 bets. Not a bad start and just getting ready for the weekend.
I get one and you can have mine.
We also support
honestly j-hay...i feel bad for you...you're gonna get your feed BLOWN UP by us 2!
I always had crazy insomnia as a kid. Disappeared after college mostly. Seems to be back 4 years later. Weird.
could have 6!
LG city council votes 3-2 to give city employees a stipend, based on years each has worked in LG, Mary England and Howard Cook dissenting
>>> yeah.. I'm trying too see if I can get on the hook... But this will be the one homie... U did get that email.
I named my remote "Waldo"
Hello, long lost sisters! :) Just want to say hello & imy...I randomly remembered ”aggresive go getter” today lol
New belgium fat tire at DC happy hour prices
your so hot
Finally planning a Hendrix cover...maybe to be unveiled in Lincoln.
Whatever happened to nice English names like Ingemar, Twicga or Waehlheard? I guess I'm just old fashioned.
I wanna call someone! WHO WANTS TO TALK TO ME?
you're not the only one.. lol.
I sure as hell wud wanna know. If they do it once they will probably do it again. What's ur take?
Thanks! RT : Great crowd #2012awards - amazing growing tech co's like TRX &
lmao in that case first one to get alcohol poisoning wins
I know there's a 2002 one about Gulf War coverage, which might be even more salient. Worth putting in dialogue w/ the affect crowd!
Think of the why you should! Not why you couldn't do it!
|_+!~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Zora just sang all the words in her bedtime story. She’d make a great cantor!
SK Foods' former CEO Salyer pled guilty to racketeering & price-fixing. He allegedly told his team to bribe purchasing agents at Frito-Lay.
Man if only Yanks-Sox wasn't rained out. Gotta love Sundays.
"Vicious carnivore" - ha! Love it. Maybe mermaid without manners? ;)
Anyone else think that it's weird that the poeople in the movies never go to the bathroom?
Always have an exit strategy in mind when you launch a business.
Please follow me! Today's my birthday! :)
According to ESPN, Kobe has not made a single game winning shot under 10 seconds in the playoffs since 2006...
someone who will remain anonymous has an ear infection... so lets delay :)
"You're the most beautifullest thing I've seen all day" - Sigh
Lunch & then the last day of ministry. Afternoon @ crisis shelter & evening w/young moms & kids.
planning on it eventually!
yes but Nathan could be gay
LOL!! Love it! Also love the Eats, Shoots and Leaves book. Isn't the Oxford comma what would appear after "Shoots"? Or not.
What are your new goals for 2010?
watched his NYGiants SB#46 Blue Ray again and was soo happy he and cap america r NYGiants fans! Not Jets fans! Lol
The Beauty of Music Is That It Is Truly Universal, Not some *Esoteric* Language. We All Speak Some Kind of Harmony
Congrats for you're Pop Culture award at the #tvlandawards!! Thanks for making me laugh uncontrollably as a youngster !!
I love how espn ain't showin imam shumpert no love and him and d.rose had the same injury
Check the Achievement of a Dream
we are closed on Sundays, sorry! M-F 9 to 9 and Sat. 9 to 5.
hahahaha yes I am! I got my mom's old one, it's nice and duct-tape free!
Missing Abel Okugawa Wright and Peter Agelasto at the studio today. :( At least it is beautiful outside. :)
watchin the game at work and loving every minute of it!
The Silk Tie likes Frederic! Ties rule my live, thesilktie.com
1st day at new day job, training like crazy. So much to learn, but so exciting, too!!
it was nice chatting with you the other day. Send me that e mail when u get a chance to my account
Girl, smutty. I can't put it down. :-)
Vintage KG tonight he is on fire! Let's go celtics!
Chicago aint much better than Detroit..... Its worse in a way, more people = mo ignant ass niggas/bitches , stuck up crackers and so on
is currently filming a short film.
Checking in with
just realized this show called ninjago has a lego guy called Zayn !! :D
#whogivesashit about hockey
MT: Issue 3: process & performance is now live! Join us this week to check out the articles
* whistles.* RT ": young folks."
I'll think about it
yeah. I'm thinking it goes 5 as well, but at least the Jazz aren't getting blown out by 30 like 's Knicks.
Please use #USCEdGrad to tweet about #USC Rossier Commencement. Congrats, all!!
I'm calling 3-0 victory w goals by and . Let's go #SKC win this game!
Who has any recommendations where to eat while in Los Angeles...
don't understand anyone in houston scheduling anything the day of the art car parade
Lady taking my money at the gym just asked if i was lucky enough to get the senior ( over 60) rate. Time for 'just for men'?
LOL. I think I just saw the 'Tweet of the Week'. #Oomf hit that.. she was on point with that one. Good job.
Watching a movie and eating a greek salad!
I saw u too, boo!!
I could go for some alcohol right now the next 85 minutes of this play are going to be hell.
has a sensitive side too you know lol.
yes you will! I'm home now but I will be visiting sometime this fall are you staying there this summer?
Love family game nights, now back to the grind before I go to bed!
I do love ATL, but since I came bck from Arizona, im thinkin Im movin to the WestCoast.
LOL thanks !Networks 4 having my cousins TV show follow me & tweet my boss 's new TV show everywhere!!
One game at a time re: Fleury, but if he does keep up this higher level of play, the #Flyers and #Pens are going 7
This is like California rain. Cold and steady and no thunder. Dog is still in the closet. Afraid of all rain now.
your a fine girl what a good wife you would be but made it clear, no harbor was their home
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
#FF - sweet, kind, beautiful, generous soul
oh I see now. Wow ur 13 hours ahead of me. How ur after noon coming along?
Attending a session featuring books #kzoo12 Medieval feminist publishing.
awesome thx! :) u?
New avatar! I like!
Great to have you on board! ;)
No trip to east penn is complete without a cheesesteak from Pat's
just booked my flight to Hong Kong!
goin to the y later
go to our discussion boards on facebook to give us ideas for our upcoming photoshoot....give us whatever suggestions you have and help us!!
Hey, everyone! If you got a message from me saying that " someone is saying something bad about you" it's a spam! Don't click on it!!!!
Talking To Eddie On The Phone.idk I Think I Have Feelings For Him. Well In A Few Days He's Leaving For Cali with the Fam for Vacation Uh :'[
Clothes,shoes &accessories are my incentives! P.S. follow me
The book? Heard it was #BossKanky RT : Ayyyyyeeee What's the word on
Spelling out cuss words somehow doesn't have the same effect
Win some lose some
.. lyssssy , you going to brits Saturday ?!.
Its sad thats she acts like this even on mothers day though :o
me: i want to be an actress when i grow up, hahahahhaa jk. ramsie: don't acresses have to be skinny. 😢
FINALLY. Riley to the #Lions. Way to represent
EUREKA!!!!!! Finally, why do i always have to be stressing in order to make magic happen, lol ugh, lol
Niggas will do and say anything to look Cool...that's shit LAME
i didnt recognize the pic sugar
Ready to be a #Vampire again! Will spend xmas sharpening my fangs!
Ha! Brilliant! RT : We've decided to hire a conductor.
when I'm 18 :P
yeah, who needs Gus anyways! Not too much is new, we should plan drinks or something this month
#Fuck it, and I are just gonna keep this amazing vibe going and shoot ALL DAY!!
thanks for the follow! What's your favorite #mix1 flavor?!
Just a ham sandwich! Tired :)
Spring Swap Meet Time!!! Woot woot!
Is there really any justification for having a solid wine list, creative cocktails, and then a beer list that tops out at Negra Modelo?
Extremely annoyed
You need to close your mouth cuz u aint gonna tie me down!
Every thing I've lost no longer makes a difference
Love me Good...Fuck me Better
but when one wants to have sex, women have it so much easier. :-(
Boyfriend just left. Now about to chill and eat chill and eat chill and eat.
Closing in on 500 followers, come on all you Las Vegans, get us to 500. Thanks
terrible headache and lots of work and crap before my big trip in two weeks...but I'll live....did you see #H50?
ur cute just saying
u lame!
Instead of buying her flowers that will die in a week, I got my mom a calendar with pictures of my brother and I :)
Sometime u gotta learn 2 to swim with no lifeguard when the storm is rough you could either be a competitor or get out the bad weather
thanks, gonna do that.
Regret is forgetting to check the "cut sandwich in half" option.
Take tht back! Im not sleepy!
He sat next to the fire. The fire was warm. It was good to be near the warm fire.
can't decide lol....its all tempting
OTA is the best HD you'll get. Cable compresses the hell out of their HD content.
Very much appreciated man.
Ive heard a tagged player nets 2 1st rounders in a trade. It could happen.
Having spaghetti dinner with my 'ohana & watching
Y is it that a male and female cant hang out without ppl thinkn thier fukn??
Love it! In fact #totesamazeballs idea, intro the spouses to #streetcorn. We're in!
Is your Clouchebag score adequate?
You know those days when you want to just choose to not get out of bed, you're lost in your head again.
this is an amazing photo! I love it!
Why is it that we only value/celebrate #care work when it is done in the confines of (white) reproduction/kinship?
she's got the tone but not the runs!!!
RT : Whenever someone trends on twitter I automatically assume that they died.
Fun! Black cats are hard to photograph! We had to choreagraph this photo! LOL
// why don't sports stadiums offer wifi to at game fans? Seems like There'd be many benefits to it?
Done and yeah I'll follow you!
In need of a Chai Tea Latte from
hit me
Went to the gym and now i just finished eating #Isuck 
kewl. My birthday is in April
Its a lovely day...who needs a copy of Pflames The F Word 2 ride 2???
Relief. :) Yes, they have funded. Emailed them to see what can be done. I'm a proud backer of others projects on Kickstarter.
Right! RT: We have a strong team for this project. S/O
I love your videos. (:
I love using Chrbit for making audio bktalks, and the QR code app for making a code to put in the book!
Man whatever stayed in room stays in my room
All my lies are only wishes, I know I would die if I could come back new...
Its weird the guy said its judgement day on may 21st diz coming Saturday .
Thank you!
Prepare yourselves, minions, for The Megalord will be returning to WLUW for one hour tomorrow at 8pm!
Joey:aww bro I'm getting a toe cramp" me:LMFAO bro ur doing pushups how da F. U get a toe cramp!? :I get them all the time.LoL
thank god for worms
yeah! sometimes true
