ill bring the chicken
See you tonight at the Squealing Pig for LISSA/ALASC Fall Semester Kick-Off!
This is climate (and work related), I promise: It would take approximately 84,375,000 gallons of water to fill the Rose Bowl to the rim.
Something I love...walking through my museum before anyone gets here :)
What is your favorite #FrankSinatra song?
Yeah! Give me a call!
I'm lying. Lol. Next week we in there.
Curious how your social media traffic might change You have a beautiful family. Enjoy Mother's Day weekend!
Today's wedding soundtrack brought to you by: the ice cream truck rolling through the neighborhood.
WOW I just worked out for 3 hours
Alternative is to buy some FA help (D. Lee or whatever), but I doubt MA is going to OK more spending.
The most important part of the story is the ending
I literally had the EXACT SAME conversation with myself 5 minutes ago. How? How??
Texas Academic librarians interested in some free Intellectual Freedom posters & flyers? Contact
Some friends are taking me out to dinner for my birthday.
it was and I won't ever do it again unless it is someone I know and would do it for. Yeah but it sucked! It was crowed and yuck
Well I can make that happen!! Im giving Britt a helicopter ride next Thursday! Should be fun!
so how's your turf toe are you playing this weekend? hope its getting better
Fun game: How many of your Facebook friends have FB-liked Nickelback? (I have, eek, four)
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
“Hope” is the thing with feathers, that perches in the soul—and sings the tune without the words. And never stops—at all. – Emily Dickenson
Missed the metro by 1 second! *sadface*.
Evidently, you can tell Rush Limbaugh to fuck off.
OKAY COME OVER SOON AUSTY JUST BOUGHT NEW AXE ;*
Haha, agreed!!! I use it quite often.
RT Props to FSD recognizing the 1 year anniversary of Verlander's no hitter vs the Blue Jays.
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved..”
Does anyone remember that creepy Second Life thing? Are people still engaging in that wierd avatar world? If so they should stop.
haha, the maraschino's will be on the ice cream later. Those are cherry tomatoes : )
Tebow is my hero what up merril hoge? #stophatin #suckitsteelers tebow averaged 31 yards per completion stop crowding the box on him
You two will win!!!!!
RT : #ThingsBabyMamasSay Maury, I am 1000% he's the father of my baby, look at their nose and ears.
I don't have the same feelings about eleanor & louis as i do danielle & Liam. maybe it's cause I've always had a soft spot for hannah, idk.
What Do You Think of The #AmericanJobsAct?
Never mind I see that you already did but could you ask you friend to follow me and Bella Thorne
Likely Ruby, but TBD. Saw you , nice presentation! Ping me if you want to chat 206-420-8456 or
I never go to the trainer. Probably bad for me but I don't ever want to sit out on anything
What up doe
recommendations for a half marathon playlist?
we had an issue with our first shipment, but we should have more in tomorrow afternoon!
so how have you guys been? crazy weather where you live?
This girl I'm sitting next to on the bus right now legit smells like cupcakes
Thanks for following! We absolutely LOVE your children's book...will there be more? I'm sure it's getting busy for Sun 'n' Fun.
Good day to you all.
thanks for the follow. I have some fresh stuff for you!
Why do people have to say really poopy things to me first thing in the morning? It's only 6am and I still need more coffee. Grrrrrr
Armour Home Electronics Introduces The Q2 Wi-Fi Radio In The United States
RT Going for duke tonight!!
I've just been very surprised to hear people say this has no effect (or maybe a positive one) on overall marketability for sponsors.
Cartoon Network's 'Beware the Batman' Teaser Hits the Web (Video) - Hollywood Reporter
Stop Smoking lol
Thanks dude! The roman numerals are my wedding date... Turned out great!
i get lost in ur Pretty Brown Eyes
Plans change when you're talking about one of the ten greatest QB's of all-time
Really George Hill? Your actions make you look like Bynum.
Only today? It's 2012 and jeans are more expensive than slacks. Why not wear them everyday?
haha! You saved so much money on your car insurance!
At the car repair place, and fox is on. Obvi having a great morning.
and have no future good picks say thanks to carson
Somehow I don't believe you! ;-D
Mom is helping Niko Bellic choose more appropriate clothes. She doesn't like his style.
I thought I saw your reflection in a cigarette machine
It really sucks, how after everything, you're still the one I want Hearing Your Voice makes everything all right.
GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE.
I love catching the cheaters, but I hate hate breaking the bad news or confirming the bad news.
-- wow. I'd not seen those before. what a simply astounding performance of "Born Under Punches".
xJets0_0Lifex if you're a #Sneakerhead then follow ---&gt; iantunes113 ...he can hook you up with a discount to karmaloop
Correction: Detroit will upset Kansas in the first round and take the tournament by storm #cinderellastory RT
National Ave / Greenfield area have some issues. I like the area you are looking at.
Sign up for our email updates and we'll do our best to keep you literated!
Give Up The Gimmicks: How Groupons And Coupons Can Damage Your Brand - Fast Company
Happy Monday Thanks so much for the #SHOUTouts - Have a stellar day!
Can not wait till my iPod gets here
this summer: BBQing @ my place!!!
if you can tweet you can mint!
your a fucking slut. Die slow
I need to see & STAT.
wow, Jimmy Kimmel is slaying em.
lol dang I know u was irritated ...yea it's cool I had got a flat tire and knocked the air pressure sensor off
Nestor Carbonell just walked by, #lost #sdcc best of luck on The Ringer
RT : RT : All these May 4th people...Don't they know hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster?
Ok so I'm an official fan of supra's smh
Congrats to Tim Hays on Caroline Street, who won our donated house history at the Dupont Village auction!
What's the scoop on opening date? Good baristas are hard to come by and well appreciated!
<-cant wait to find that kind of love!
iight bro I got u
Yay! RT : Ready to start building some great work for Help us welcome another new client,
WBBM reports low voter turnout. Come on, Illinois! Your vote matters.
OPIUM HARD ROCK baby!!! I haven't been out in 4ever....GRANT ME MY WISH, & !
i want YOU to be all mine.
rehearsal for what?! I wanna see!
Ready to get your new business off the ground? Hit us up 2day for a quality, professional web presence!
Loving the #Google logo video today!
we didn't really like February anyway
you in the clouds bout to hit Jupiter?
Delish apps and cocktails
I appreciate the fact that we still keep in contact with one another, though.
across from registration on lowest level
Cool! We are also using UBD. Would love to share units.
Its sucks enough having to walk through insanely congested city sidewalks at 5pm. But now I have to dodge ur 8ft diameter umbrellas too.
Hope all ya'll had a blessed Easter w/your fam & loved ones.
That hoodie go hard bro
no:( well lets still do something
Pagliacci Pizza building new restaurant in Madison Valley via: cc:
Just got hooked up with Google Wave! thanks... Can't wait to try it out.
Drug addiction is a disease, and whether you know it or not, relapse is very very much a part of recovery. Spoken from a professional point.
So over it; this keeps getting worse every week. I seriously want it to be fixed, #sobad. 😔
yea we needa gone and set that up
nah man, long beach still. Any plans to come down here? Been too long dude!
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she can shave her head and still look like a woman.
sorry you missed #FoodieandTheBeast at dc - & I ate your Penne Allan Vodka -- fun
why is Larry Fitzgerald so sweaty?
omfg! :D so happy for you!! ♥
“: who is the iPad dev from Bethel?” // That would be the amazing artist, filmmaker, and cool guy:
btw I'm in Seattle & then San Francisco next week. You are traveling near there?
when's the douche-itor follow-up come out?
How does a pig write home? With a pig pen.
Hey everyone! sorry i havent been on lately...busy. but im back & for good. (:
Bye bye drose. Coach tom. What were u thinking?
Thomas on fire early! Great hand there
Eff you for this text: "Seeing the Black Keys, Avett Brothers, and Trampled by Turtles all in the next month."
On this date: In 1780, during the Revolutionary War, the besieged city of Charleston, S.C., surrendered to British forces.
Escapism and conformism are both forbidden..we do not seek to preserve our holiness by escaping the world....
Cool, thanks for the link. Such tasty looking restaurants and nice hotels
My uncle got pissed because I was blasting at 4 in the mourning! C:
If being sexy was a crime i'm not sure you would get charged...or even get a jury summons....
God bless you. I am happy to know your relationship is filled with His love and favor. :)
The teamakers are still creating the freshest tea surprises. Make sure you ask what's cookin'.
Watching this old skool Simpsons ...still funny...but Family Guy is kiling they azz!
Customer loyalty and employee engagement is the key to the growth of your company. Learn how RTOREWARDS can help!
Tanning like a boss.
Who the fuck gets panda express for breakfast
Bitch irritating as fuck
I'm an enigma, don't even try to figure me out.
I bet he will love that!!
Great article yesterday
4 reminders / day to take some shots. Find a subject & take 3 shots of the same pose with 3 different backgrounds. Do you like all of them?
To the BAMA fan that just chose to NOT pay your tab at Phoenix Sky Harbor, you just robbed my sister
Register and pay before Dec 24th and be entered to win a free iPad2!
#sometimesiwonder why so many people can't tell the difference between reasons and excuses...
Terrible what happened but I commend you on the way you handled the interview. Like a professional and a champion
I think it's taking as long to load the picture as it did for you to bake the tart
is taking shape b/c of Girl Power!
It's almost the weekend!!!!!!!! Live it up, school starts again on Monday.
your welcome
It's the only way to own it.
Thanks love! Back at cha!
That feeling when you get your nails done>>>
I hope you had a great day!
Man and Woman of the Year Nominations are available soon.
Very sweet of you to say! I had a blast singing Journey, The Calling, Hunter Hayes, and Rick Springfield on the premiere!!
if he never go out wit you in public then
Watching my first episode of #gameofthrones I really don't think Im smart enough for this. There's so much anger!
have show choir auditions in a bit.
If thats all ur gonna say dont bother texting me at all!
We must dare, and dare again, and go on #daring. --Georges Jacques Danton
Wonder how tonight is gonna go?(: Butterflies,so bad right now!
How fake, now they are hugging her! When they should have stopped Tami from jump!
": Only by spending time with a #Pisces will you be capable of an intense view into their feelings." Kinda true..kinda
Cutting my Ortiz short. The collar suffocates me..
Hi! Guys I haven't been on twitter at all mostly cuz school and homework but I'm back now so ,,,,,,,, Helloo : -)
The best part of Unknown? Watching January Jones blow up.
I think there's a weight limit for any human female walking around the CNN center. It is 100 pounds or less.
She promises a champagne sip and reinstated pay if $100k is raised in the video.
Oh Etsy! You broke when I was messaging a Bride-to-be back about a 6 piece order for her wedding! Jeepers! #etsy #etsybitch Earthquake?
#iwny for the pitch event at 1 today. I wonder which five twitter submissions were chosen!
Grading, grading, and more grading. Followed by Metadata group meeting for Digital Curation class.
Dear #MSSQL experts, Is there anything you should do after creating new indexes in SQL Server 2008 R2?
Started getting ads that ask "Single and Republican?" on Facebook.
IT IS PRONOUNED NUCLEAR. F-
That's the only song on my work playlist....
Goodnight Austin<3
Our Holiday movie this year:The Artist. The opening credits were all the re-habituation we needed. "With Pleasure" indeed!
yum! I wanna stop in there and get some pizza dough...
Yes! Dinner on you! :D : Finally got my paycheck!"
Sign at Miller Park today said bring back , I think that's a 100% correct
Im nice by nature. Im only an asshole when people take it for granted.
That extra late night snack wwas definitely not needed. Run tomorrow, needed.
And summer will unfortunately be disjointed enough to disrupt efforts to solidify schedule, social network.
I hate feeling down...
Sorry if I am being a asshole to anyone just somethings make me mad
Settling in for the night with ep 2 of #Luck on
u a simple minded nigga. Everyone in industry wears it for photoshoots. I was play but didnt kno ur stupid for real yo
US wide! Open to everyone to purchase!
Ah…Just saw that already posted the Dube article
The fact that I can hear from my room lol
At red Robbin with my love :)
RT : "Need a more sophisticated consent system that enables more granular sharing."ONC gets it right re: behavioral health!
Today marks the start of my birthday month. I fully expect everyone to kiss my feet for the next 31 days. Is that so much to ask?
Fancy your interest?
watching #DogTheBountyHunter is what inspired me to go to law school :) I look up to beth.
#MessageToMyHaters Cheers! I drink to you
Oh my man i love him so, he'll never know
I propose today's MBA student learn, employ, and seal every deal with a hearty "Jim Harbaugh Handshake".
besides, i think that by sharing ones own accomplishments, it drives others to want to have great accomplishments as well
Photoshoot with Brooklyn! WITH BUBBLES!!!!
I ain't even gon front girl I think you is the one So lets fall asleep with the moon and I will greet you with the sun
Mikey I will not go to sleep until you follow !!! Haha jk ima crash soon but please followe her b4 I do!!(:
But aren't we supposed to be using rdbi now?
Perhaps Mitt Romney's first name should be changed to "Biff."
You're the best
“: Quit acting like a bitch, you hoe ass nigga.”
With 7:11 to play in the first half DU holds a 5 point lead over 25-20 Stafford leads the the Pioneers with 8 pts
Ford is introducing five new electrified vehicles by 2013
that's too soon
Steve Blake? Are they joking?
On to next Broadway show, 's The Columnist. I LOVE the Advertising image!
“:Meandmygirlfriend are really worried that our parents will never approve of our relationship.Especially our dad.”
Well, that was anticlimactic in a monumentally awful sort of way.
Welcome back to America.
what good is capitalisim if its against the rules to win..and enjoy the fruits of labor
woah tht girl has some issues ... Haha nope ur not even close to that you waay soo much nicer ! (:
mhhmm what to do???? today i got shocked by a plug :O my arm went num :P lol
Did you hear the Pacers huddle when their coach said, do it just like Mavericks did? (But then they lost :(
On my way to the gym :)
Megan fox, Kate upton, alba, Scarlett....
I really think Lil Wayne is gay
please please go!!
Discovered new bike route into fern mpls: prior-Gilbert-Cleveland-st Anthony-Beverly-st anth (again) to E River and u know the rest. Tight!
3 of 16 in race for WSOP Main Event seat...we!
Just realized why has been complaining why she needs to poop....its a full moon tonight
Being single doesn't mean no one wants you, it means God is busy writing your love story.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT !~
haha you would think
My oldest son made a list of songs I'm not allowed to sing. The top of the list is Timberlake's Sexy Back.
It's good to know who the real friends and the back-stabbers are. Just remember what goes around, comes around.
&quot;Avengers&quot;: The Hulk Gets Hacked--Mark Ruffalo's Twitter Account Hijacked - Forbes
Also, Kindle Fire does not report itself as mobile!
got u that sounds like a good move mamaa so happy 4 u ... we in the booth asap when u get back ,, love u cus
it was because I was a junior I bet!
We will be holding a Penn State vs Pitt Tournment all weekend long at the Pittsburgh Mill Mall...Come show us who has more spirit!
lol sorry it's late. I was at work last night!
"All things are difficult before they are easy." - Thomas Fuller.
Well said! RT : Happy people understand that to enjoy life you LIVE it -- you don’t THINK about it.
We will miss u 2..but were not going anywhere anytime soon!! #HappyHour tonight is going to be epic!!
Aww gee thx! RT : Been in Arizona for nearly six weeks ~ I'm missing that wonderful meatloaf from
I love you! <3
Have yourself a merry little Christmas/ Let your heart be light/ From now on our collops will be in plain sight.
yeah, I know that DJ have other band that he is in its call SIXX AM
Lovely ladies topless everywhere! Where you at again?!
Im just a lucky man for the woman I have
Man everyday I pray I run into you when the week is over..literally pray
Just admit you do John - no shame in your game!!
A Taco Stand at a wedding reception! Awesome!!
Prom prom prom prom.
Thank you for all the follows!
The Tonight at 7:40 M-J holding down week 5 tune in and hear why hes on it! (RT if your not a hater! lol
Hahaha... thumb bitings. Thanks for reminding me.
Haha she said smile for me daddy, so I showed her my grillz
hah, me too. she's definitely 'meh'
Who wants to get Chinese with me after school? Ali bailed 👎😢
Focus of is returning to connecting consumers to local biz. 4 #nashvilleflood relief info, follow us
Congratulations to of the , the newest President of the !
Humans resemble earthworms in how they're always out on the sidewalk after it rains.
what happened? Miss your flight?
lecture, internship, tutorial prep,... tired
you are super talented and inspiring :) your songs were amazing!
How long before my new paperless philosophy offsets the environmental impact of my recent iPad purchase? Do I need to live 200 years?
I've been vegan for a decade maybe? We should touch base at #BWENY to see if we can eat together!
i NEED to read a tjy young adult novel! "better than today" is another perfect song to get yr blood going when it's down n out
Mention this post and receive $1 off drafts during Pens game at 2pm! Hell, there ain't nothing else going on.
asked me what my thoughts on men & dating were, I asked him if he heard J Coles lights please
Thanks for the mention!
I know I am flying high!
down at Curtis bay rec center to share
According to my friend statistics show that if you like someone for more than 4 months you love them. So I must have loved many guys....
You KNOW Mike Smith has thought to himself at least once "I'll be the extra man."
thank you friendly guy at GSLIS help desk for your assistance. You rock!
Thanks! We're glad you enjoy it! RT : The feed might be my favorite thing about Tumblr
Thank you for the follow.
haha okay and no problem <3 please tell ur friends about my music!
#TextsThatGetYouScared do you like surprises?
Put your tongue back in your mouth . Who do you think you are Gene Simmons?
A San Diego bar has a Halloween party listed as an upcoming event. I was going to tweet them about it but they haven't tweeted in a month.
#LETSGETJOOOOOOSED!!! at 's house
Don’t Miss #anhkc events Bread Dinner in conjunction with breadkc and Kansas City Moving Images by local film makers, both tonight at 7:00
yes! It's really just starting, but we're hopeful and excited. (we don't have a 3D printer, but the nearby DC FabLab does)
wow late not sure yet
Happy Mothers Day To Jada Pickett Smith Your Son Everybody LOVES Him U Raised Him Well And Im Talking About Jaden Christopher Syre Smith
4 more years? No way! BHO has proven himself UNFIT for the job. Voters know better now than in 2008. ROMNEY IS MORE QUALIFIED!
The cleaning lady?
Someone come write this 5 page English paper for meh! D:
I know your heart broken and I am too, to see you have fallen for my friend isn't cool </3
20-25% of #HIV+ people do not know they have #HIV. Knowledge is power! Know your status - get tested!
YAAAAY The first star has followed me!!!
You know, if you'd follow me I'd pretty much have the whole Toledo News Now newsroom following me.
THAT awkward moment when your listening to a slow songs in a row and a fast song comes on and messes up your mood
I found your post off Google. Here's some you might want to try. rememberthemilk.com requall.com gopingme.com
RT : 's Blue Crew Kids Club packages make great gifts! Order by Monday to receive in time for the holidays!...
Would love a model for I-90 traffic
you're right; there are too many symptoms of people being left out, ignored, treated badly on so many fronts!
"someone invented lickablewall paper!!" "gross"
Alright, last tweets for the day b/c I'm actually supposed to be on the road to my parents' now (oops).
Thank you(: an me too
Why is everything at the apple store so damn expensive?
The ref looks like he belongs as part of the Sons Of Anarchy cast
thanks for the #FF!
Every day, I'm just slightly irked that 's map of front pages defaults to the East Coast.
yes very much do but we have been getting a lot of growth lately . 10k in transaction within 2 weeks so people seem to like it.
Still can't believe I'm going to see tonight! :') I want to kidnap them ok
She'll be here (LI) Sunday, but the rain has already started.
Dear 's Slug; will you be my date to my senior prom? <3
guess who WILL be at church to see you on Sunday!
NBA Playoffs 2012: Power Ranking the Championship Favorites, 2 Games in - Bleacher Report
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime The Crystal Method - Vegas
I prefer the Bieber Christmas album. I bet you secretly have a Bieber shrine in your bedroom.
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie......#OrNaw it had a good run
Systemic error in #Math216 grade calculations. Time to go fill out correction forms at the Registrar's office. Yay.
LMFAO recount, it's my week so I don't understand why we don't just split it? Cause it is MY week
Singing up at shark city bar and grill!
ps it's snowing here if it makes you feel any better!
my birthday wish is to get a follow from you!! make it come true!!
Thank you for reaching out! What is your neighborhood of specialty?
OMG Elijah is back!!! I love him
Can you shufflin ?
yep, best of times for a few, worst of times for many...
Just typed "infortunately" instead of "unfortunately." Might like that spelling better.
I think it says, "You diseased ridden ho bag!"
Aspire for more or retire you whore!
what's good with you how have you and the fam been
Just trying to get better & stay prepared
Man, Im going to miss my wife this weekend. She's going home to visit her fam. So.............. who wants to do something?
Personalized image versus mass marketing.
sad thing is, I actually wrote that.
I mean that's what everybody wants right, for Westbrook to keep shooting? Awesome strategy.
Also Beware: The fog is thick this morning .. visability less than a quarter of a mile from the central Minnesota into Western Wisconsin.
oh brother.
she's been equally moaning about the lack of features in apps and cuddling the Angie Pad all day.
I must have heard the same guy--there just a bit earlier than you!
Can you get me their info?
Come back soon! Some of the team will be in Copenhagen in early July, hope to see you then.
Tomorrows friday and hopefully I have a good day!
Myers couldn't hit the broad side of a barn...from the inside.
Hmm. It may be time to stop being so damn passive.
Exciting news: I'm now writing about start-ups, entrepreneurs, and the growing tech scene in Los Angeles for
Tummy ache. Draft beer is the reason. But I also think it could be a solution.
no.u not
RT + (South Coast Winery) should top everyone's list of finest Southern California wines.
Show tonight to tiny's on the northside! Last time I rocked there it was 400+ in the building we gonna dub up on tht this time! Be there
Lil Twist & Lil Chuckee was all young with them Lil ass girls in THA back , aha
and me are planning our wedding soon sorry I nullified our vegas slip up shes a detroit girl now
S/o to tryna c what your beat packages hitting on fam
holy shit. I turn 18 next year. oh my..
Hey Keith O Current drop the ball you are talkiing and msnbc has already showed what happen and the guy''Cpmeon big guy get it right
EXCLUSIVE: Millarworld 2012 Goes Viral Mark Millar goes back to school to promote his incoming Millarworld line of comics from "Hit-Girl"
Heyho, what should i call you?☺
welcome ☺ don't let anyone make you feel blue !
We are now linked with a solid sponsor One OC and look forward to better times.
thanks man 🎉
Tobacco is born a gentleman, and in its economic development at each step it acquires titles and honors by reason of its color, it's aroma,
my fav food and my fav film in one single tweet - it must be christmas!
Are you as tired as I of blind tweets solely written to make you click? I think it borders on being rude.
Hello Twitter world! Been MIA for a bit, huge site launch coming this month for a national AEC firm. Woot!
okay I'll talk to you :-)
Just finished "Inside the world of #espn" Long, informative and inspiring. Olbermann, Kornheiser, and Simmons the clear rebels.
although our country kick can begin after tonight, it won't be complete until Pittsburgh decides to stop being a fuck
lol forgot to mention ass too .!! && what .!? you a bigger fag
and dance teacher want one. 2 people paid. I'm just gonna have to pay the extra $
Whats the point of making Dr. appointments if they dont see you till way after the time they told you to be here?
a liter of woodford it is!
Time to sit down and watch some Chelsea action. COME ON YOU BLUES!
you are still weird. Lol
caught up with writing. now for edits. 3x5 cards everywhere with story ideas. where do i begin?
So is it about the vibes the person sends out, or how you interpret them? I'm kind of asp'y so I'm bad with social cues...
What I do when I like somebody: 10% - Talk to them. 90% - Stare.
At least Truex gave it everything he had... twice.
Why the f*ck to people bleep out f*ck? Holy f*ck, its just fuck.
Q3 Indifferent, but... Might get mispronounced "lame" & Do we really want another acronym?
Mentions are dead... :L :P -izzy
Who let you that close to the equator? Gingers shouldn't go south of the Mason-Dixon line.
Prague airport to be renamed after the late President Vaclav Havel. Yay. Hopefully, CSA will play Vltava when landing, again.
I think most of the time people just want an encouraging word...
A real friend is someone who walks in when the rest of the world walks out :)
RT : my,"When UR right about an issue, how necessary is it to make the other person wrong?"
Me too i dance to it everyday and i never get tired of it
Does any woman ever think, "oh damn a man with a flavor saver and a mustang, what a prize!"? Guys. Rethink these things.
Pennant rehousing is going smoothly. Coolest one today? A 1919 pennant with Sherwood Magee's photo on it.
Not sure how serious C-Bosh's abdominal strain is, but I had one about 3 weeks ago and it doesn't feel good...AT ALL!!!
go to menu, profile, then edit at the top.
Jeff Suppan made a bad career decision in 2007. He signed with the only major league team he could still beat.
Bout time tho damn
Tally Benyon/Wolfram Alpha demos Mathematica. Glad I minored in math!
Merry Christmas to every one of my followers hope you guys have an awesome day!(:
Not sure, send me an email with some detail.
Thanks! It is great to have a yummy treat that fills you up and is easy to grab and go. I love them with coffee!
Empire District Electric to reforest #Joplin this weekend.
Good to see you at the event last night!
NF ; tweetzz__ !!! That moment when you wanna fake a cold to get out of school & your mama says go to the nurse :/ ^o^
RT My life has not been this stressful since... well... since my parents got divorced.
You fucking tripping.
RT : Push back...what is different about pbl today? I know...I'm hungry
Thanks so much guys! You're so kind!
yeah it's def not edgy but i'm def watching her
hell yea I need plenty help lol.. but I gotta do this sumhow
Wish I had someone to hangout with over this three day weekend.
Well, I guess it's time to get to drinkin.
yo bitch i weigh 88 cents but ill still kick your ass bill chin
Now dinosaurs. Its like a Nova sampler.
made it on team revert! :) everyone follow and my personal twitter
this movie doesn't even make sense. I'm so confused!!
RT : lol either that or they gotta shyt hit em wit the #4KNUCKLES< lol I'm bout ready to open hand 5 knuckles
- I went to their Race Against the Machine Symposium at MIT. really interesting. you should definitely read the ebook…
I got mean at the end. I used words like "off-putting" and "annoying."
I used to stress him, find ways to impress him. Now? I couldn't care less for him. Shit, I wish the best for him.
LOL you're not a charity case Burke. :D you know we luv u
Wealthy citizens in the northern pan handle of West Virginia opposed secession and pushed for a new state!
my point exactly jackass. In boxing everybody gets paid under the table! I was referencing WWF in terms of how fixed the shitis
Looking forward to have on the show that interview is Tuesday!
Big Deal: Big Deal - In Los Angeles, Condos Are a Tough Sell So far, high-end condos have been a tough sell in Los Angeles, but that coul
Anytime. It was great to get a jump on some NBA Draft talk.
"to err is truman"
"Source citations are also reminders to us as genealogists of what we've looked at." Tom Jones
Oh Linda, it was a blast! I forget #FF s lately, thank you for yours!
mmhmm! makes everything! lyrical, club, party, etc! dont sleep on him!
“: al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy hug for u” the hell are you talking about? Al Gore is alive.
thanks! I read it too, nice piece. What are you up to these days?
And our handles are somewhat alike. Mine is Russian for "library hedgehog."
If I lose followers, I lose em, they weren't real in any way.
I love it! We're here to see and it's going to be amazing like always!
Picking up my new laptop...excited
We're having our First Annual Pig Roast actually. You coming to Texas?
*tucks pistol under front seat*“: its beautiful outside.......means #ClubMixx gon be off the rocker tonight .......#TurnUp”
I hope any big decisions he makes is not related for being an election year.
Hatley Branch Library Book Club,Tues, Jan 10th 2pm."The Patron Saint of Liars" by Ann Patchett. Coffee and dessert following book discussion
unsubscribed to Living Social today... what does this mean, am I claiming I'm UN-SOCIAL?? oh oh. must rethink this.
We're #inspired by ! Check out his blog and twitter. How can you give back to community?
we're playing in C Stat on Saturday!!!! I hope you're there!
I love my mum.
Order sent to Jennifer in NJ!
Private show tonight at the Las Vegas House of Blues!
your tweets make me mad we aren't friends. thought you should know.
And I totally know of what you speak. Scoring of movies and TV shows is out of hand.... seems like every second has music.
Should have:*
the medium is not the message, right?
Thanks for the #FF !
Welcome to Twitter!
Just please don't be mohamed sanu, watched that kid at Rutgers. Nothing fantastic. Maybe a #3 Possession WR on the team
Hello beauty peeps RT : #FF #hair #nails #funny via()
Fat Tuesday is almost over & we still haven't broken into our leftover Valentine's Day chocolate reserves. What a waste of a day.
lol your eyes are welted?! Lol u crazy girl. Auto correct has taken over !
Ugh. And here I feel bad if I even wear a shirt with red in it or something by accident
My Mom sent me 7 new workout DVD's, 3 of which are abs-specific. A hint? Possibly.
I think I have the stomach virus. I hate puking but if I do I will stay home so I guess it's a wining situation .
i like girls that like girls....
True to my nature.... Down in new Orleans!
“: Let's keep it up!!!! Let's keep it up!!!” I'll keep anything you want up papi :D
haha that's kind of asking a lot now...don't stress who's driving??? Lol and with Emily. You?
Of course we are open on Mother's Day. 11 am to 4 pm. Come on out and bring mom!
And she probably wants a guy to txt her smh
thanks lex :D
100 on my math test.
oh ok I will
Why am I not in the city I love on friday night!
im high, im flyin, and you aint cuttin my wings
I understand things aren't exactly what's expected but just remember that if you aren't satisfied, it doesn't necessarily mean its forever..
it's about damn time!
Bummer. Remember that one time we were delayed at CVG. I think we were eating at Outback.
love your wifey! Been watching Cheers reruns on Netflix for the past couple months :) Thanks for keeping film alive too!
You say you're a full time Queen,and a part time Ni**a/Ni**er.Will you give me your understanding of what a Ni**a/Ni**er is
is getting married Saturday!!!!!! Can't wait!!!!
i love you so much and im so proud of what you have done and become! #proudmahomie #SaySomething <3
Nigga You Work For
the action is sick in that league. I'm an action junkie... that's why I hate on the slow athletes & low scoring of the big 10.
okay i'm at home
look and see what it had to offer
god I miss the shield such a great show miss you a fan...
I am so fucked. I can now only hope for the best 😖
After a 16 hour shift from hell yesterday I am SO grateful to have the next two days off. I plan on staying in my yoga pants and being lazy!
The great tweets of heaven and hell have been written and the great tweet of earth remains to be written.
One Year<3 cruise in the a.m!:D
Heading to ALA Winter in Dallas tomorrow - IF I can get out Seattle. A single snowfall a year is perfect for me.
As of today, we have 68 College/Pro players registered for our Off-Season Training Program. We are looking forward to another great Summer!
RT : Night yall going to sleep
I haven't seen my speed go past 15mph smh
I need to stop seeing my ex in places I dont want to see her...
Care to list them?
Playing with my new Satellite. What a good deal!
Nice work on the writeup!
Enjoying your music w/MBT's Concepts II performance!
what up
If you take a picture of something beautiful, post it to Project #Lookup and we might just RT and add it to our photo stream. :-)
technically, im typing, not talking.
The official announcement comes out July 18th! It is going to be a great season! Stay tuned!
Ok here's one I haven't played in a while... The Monaurail! Yeahh...
- wow. Crazy day for you, methinks.
Walking hard uphill. I wear myself out, then there's a view at the top. Works less well in fog, though.
Hey Justin this is your biggest fan Alyssa Holmes from Carrollton ,Georgia and I just got my cousin listening to ur music;)<3
Countdown to my 25th.
Absolutely! I'm there! RT : Coming to #4sqDay in Seattle?
Don’t be discouraged if a publicity stunt doesn’t work. Even if you did all the right tricks to attract the media, nothing is certain.
Oh I know, but once it happened why not try is what they're thinking.
Goodnight. #NP: Back for another one- ft.
Hey anyone want to plat ultimate frisbee or wiffle ball
"My life is only important if I can help plenty of people.” ~Bob Marley
major thinking!!!!!!!!!!!! goin on rite bout now
have you tried it? Did it work for you?
We take the Risk and Liability off your family or your company... Available 24/7/365 - Free Estimates - Crime & Trauma Scene Cleaners
#online f4f everyone @
lols shudup !, i just made one so i cn tweet about my problems lols !
Avengers or Lock-in tonight? Hmm.
Congrats to 's ferris state on going to the ship
grape is my favorite too, though triberry and fruit punch are not far behind...
#Zumba Fitness with Ruben at 7pm Monday-Saturday. Join the party! Be Fit and #Be Happy. 786.287.8487
How awesome is ? She told us things people don't tell you about building a million dollar business. Motivated?
She Say I'm Gettin Cocky, I Say I Been A Dick
Again I must note that people only text me when I step away from my phone.
Derek Fisher!!!!
onion rings
Its all about passion. We are passionate about making coupons be with you in the palm of your hand 24/7! www.Qponomics.com
A very fair point! /cc
Awe! Thanks lover! xo
Not to sound abrupt, but when youre giving a presentation, please make sure to clothe your hanging belly so its not a distraction.
Like like like like! That game makes us feel like we have giant fingers :(
Prison psychiatrist says Loughner has been violent; thrown chairs and spit at atty, so needs anti-pyschotic drugs.
Follow if you live in NE so we can get 1D to come to here!!!
We want to think our new followers for following us!
Maybe Ed can talk some sense into you! Not likely since you watch GBTV! Bwahahaha!!!
COOL, I guess you don't love me. I understand, I just want YOU happy.
Hey! Welcome back to Twitter!
I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. ~James Michener
The beginning of self love is when we start telling ourselves the truth.
What is your identity within #Washington #DC?? wants to know who you are!
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
This day is already too hard but now its harder. I'm so tired of verbally and emotional abuse.
Finally home from work =]
I wish everyone who thinks dance is easy could go to one of my breakdancing classes
Freeman Rebel Men's Volleyball continues its roll winning against Atlee Raiders. Onto James River tomorrow night 4 regional championship.
That's Easy, Popeyes.
much appreciated
who? hell no
that's what we were told. The film crews bombed all around on sound and production.
I havnt had Swedish Fish in like 2 weeks. -.- not cool.
Web 3.0 has to be about single sign on. Account proliferation creates a huge security risk + password mgmt sucks for users
can you give a shoutout for some more followers?(:
Sounds great! Shine responsibly!
i wanted to ask u a question can u help me get Justin Bieber to follow me cause i think he follows u
...like the Ebisu Garden Cinema. EBC shuts down in January of 2011. K Theater Tokyo takes the venue in May. K Theater Tokyo=live K Pop...
love me some GCB
kso um just saw the end of the episode. Holy shit. I'm going to die now ok.
nope, apparently we're supposed to ship everything with everything else
Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter. Poor thing still hasn't found out about global warming.
excellent choice!
I recommend Guy Delisle's "Jerusalem".
There is no chance anyone in the world has a physical copy of a Boston Globe from 1904. . . .Is there?
You know the classroom is too hot when your boos are sweating. #girlproblems no itty bitty titty committee for me.
What floors of have you never been on?
You need to, its summer, reelllaaaxxxx RT Seriously hoping this month gets better.. What the heck is going on?!
Whoa, just realized WorldCat has a Cite/Export feature that gives citation info in multiple formats/sends to EndNote/RefWorks!
12/6/2010 Williams: Build community to build marketing success The Times Record
This place is about to fill up with 4 year olds. Or "little monsters" as they're known in the business.
I'm not really even a baseball game but that was by far one of the best (and worst) games I've ever witnessed. Amazing!
Harry stlyles is so cute :)
yes!!! And they're everywhere in Dublin. No one even knows how to use them!!!!!!!!
welcome to the streets , you can't get in wit out me 😁
3 some?:o RT : well that was actually probably a once in a lifetime thing but...yeah im proud x)
The world needs both the "Microsofts" & "Apples." Tradeoff is backwards compatibility vs. innovation; diff need/diff times
RT :reports from all over tehran of shouts of Allah Akbar. Other cities joining in
I am attending the Race to the Top meeting in Minneapolis that is being conducted by the US Department of Education.
Gonna miss not being at the in a few months If you have never been, iT is one Hell of a Networking Event
Darn right! RT hm. actually makes me think Winfield was pretty good
masking jealousy isnt cool
I SURVIVED CONSTITUTIONAL LAW WITH AN A! :)
MKG with two fouls already. That could hurt.
Good morning! :)
I could use some pizza for breakfast right about now :)
DID YOU EVER WONDER... Why does Superman stop bullets with his chest, but ducks when you throw a revolver at him?
Not at all surprised RT not a one!
yeah man, i'd be down.
Bye, last day of #sxsw Old Crow Medicine Show, Edward Sharpe, Mumford... One of the best shows I've ever seen. So talented.
yes it does
New shit in the works.
That was my first #Padres win I've attended this season.
Nope. Gmail. I'm just overwhelmed with them right now and I'm tired of the bold reminder.
Delish! New item?
Had a long night
been on hold for over 30 minutes waiting to speak to someone.....really? This is what I pay for? Some "service".
Im home, take me drunk.
This could be considered a plaid convention.
This is gonna be one long ass day.
I'm gettin those
Thanks for the note to our nurses!
#FF Send out daily tweets on the following subjects: Justin Bieber, American Idol, and social media guru. LOL :)
The Africans at my school said kony was a good guy lmao they funny af
You're a little too short and ... um ... Caucasian to be confused for MJ. / cc
Now i might have to smile on my next picture... Tab, i miss you baby
Had fun learning basic HTML/CSS from Thanks!
Almost to Heartland Park. Yaee (:
Love your new #Profile Pic!
RT : #FollowFriday time! The social media squad //Love it!
I promise one day we will work together maybe I will pull a shangela ;)
Angela, thank you so much for all of the hard work you've done for us! W/o #volunteers like you, we couldn't keep it up! MT
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW KATIE COOL AVI -
haha my hair isn't even long and its a problem.
Haven't been on twitter much lately...having really bad withdrawals and stuff, miss my whole shawnee 2nd fam :(
Hey Cutie ;DD Follow Me & Thaa Bestfriend !! <3 Please With Strawberries On Top (;
Dart Wars brings out the worst in people -Michael Wade
Screw my job. So unprofessional.
Thanks for the follow Big fan of your work!
Love seeing and respecting the legend Earl Scruggs. Y'all are two of my musical soulmates
TIME IS RACING TOWARD US, TILL THE HUNS ARRIVE. HEAR MY EVERY ORDER. AND YOU MIGHT...SURVIIIIIIIIIIIVEEEEEEEEEEEE.
thankyou for the follow! :) x
spencer finch or eliason?
it seriously is a fact. BB is slowly going out of business #maketheswitch it will change your life.
There is NO comparing the CTA to Metra. I'll pay that money to ride the Metra ANYDAY! The ratchetness on this red line is unbelievable...😒
Kimi looked good on the podium, like he belonged there.
Just played Tears for Fears' "Mad World" on the acoustic. Will be adding that to the 3-man show set list!
If San Fran loses tomorrow, we dont have aeaninful game for a month.
With the passing of the World Series and Halloween, let's get focused on good books and reading amidst the fall splendor. INDIGO TREE PUB
Hey, at least you got his attention so he's probably thinking about you too. Just stay positive and it'll be okay.
Jacks: terrific MLA panel with T Stern, R Preiss, and W Hyman.
Tree Raping. It's never consensual. That's why they call it a Weeping Willow. -Otis
Why do you assume you are anything? ? -Michael Jeffreys
Is there a difference between being socially awkward and not picking up on social cues???
I thought he looked familiar!!
Olwal: what is natural interacting with a computer is kind of like the difference between talking on the phone and talking face-to-face
- i could have used that commission man! where you sittin, whos the lucky rep that sold you the A's
thanks for rockin with me in Manhattan! last night wish I had shout you out more girl luv4art.com wants to do an interview w u
Smart about #Gamification in the Enterprise: cc
Sounds like another Battle in Seattle is in progress.
Yes I know I'm loud now. And I know I wasn't this loud in 7th grade. Maybe its because I moved here in 5th and didn't know anyone.
I love you Bob Evans. M...
I'm getting a strong Liz Lemon vibe coming from you right now.......
can't we get some kind of cam for that? Radar should get on that.
Yes, I've changed. Pain does that to people.
thanks for following! i'll follow back :) and yes, those boots are to die for! i love the girls at :)
so how many nannies does it take to raise 7 children and 536 foster children? #bachman???
Saturday early evening LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Thank you
Men, don't double ur pleasures. Its too much happy lol
Tks for the RT! Hit right in the sweet spot :)
-- That's not why I bought it ...
WAT UP NOW DEN BLUE
with my girl Gloria for the next two hours
Whose coming to Monk's today before the game!
" I would not wish harm on anyone because I know in this life everything is paid :) "
I really don't understand the point to anything anymore. -_-
"I'm driving a van. It makes me feel underpriveledged." - Caitlyn Wicks ()
nowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness. George Santayana
still have dev songs playing in my head
Nice going - looks like no one did the due diligence on the (un)availability of
Merry Christmas xoxoxo
Group birthday lunch at Azteca - hope they have enough sombreros!
sad to say bye to sign-face-guy as the avatar...but couldn't pass up this shot of Lenny peddling my hometown's claim to fame!
word .Tell O and Stanky to come to. It's 5 dollars to get in tho. Tell Omar steroid ass he can lift too
League Finals Went Well ^__^
What a beautiful day! I hope everyone has a safe and fun weekend. Remember Sunday is Mothers day. Thanks to all the Moms!!
you are so right about that
I know but Its just the people who make you feel useless. They use their unhappiness against you. That's their 'weapon'?
Show Nov. 17th. Come and hang out! :)
Not quite sure what the deal is, but these are some of the worst Ref calls ever.
I'm very glad to hear that, James, because we were kinda counting on having you come audition! :)
Can we all just like Madonna and ? why is everyone making me feel like i need to take a side. =/ love them both.
: In the studio doing something completely fresh
To not do a Single Sit-Up in 2 months. Body is still in Top shape!
”Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life.” -- Picasso. www.itsartnotstuff.com
Thanks for your kind comments about "One Day, None of This Will Be Yours."
Thanks for sharing!
took care of a few patients over the weekend. In between soccer games! They didn't mind a doctor who works out!
This insomnia is driving me crazy. What's bad is my mind is asleep so I can't get anything done anyway.
I don't eat pizza. But thank you!
yes life is definitely crazy now
Aw, that isn't fun at all. I hate flying!
yes that is a big encouragement! I will need you to cheer me on throughout this process :)
CLEAR VIEW OF MIKEY ASDFGHJKL;'
I miss you </3 I wish you could come back and everything would be okay and you'd be safe.
Is Omega HD still coming to Dreamboard?
Happy Easter Everyone!
That's not true. Gov't couldn't punish him for his idiotic remarks. And that's my point. Only refers to gov't.
iPhone 4 delivered today, looks fantastic!
making a list of British celebs who own motorbikes. Suggestions welcome
Somebody play me on words with friends. A full game please.
We would like to Congratulate Associate Alan Waller on passing the Tennessee Bar Exam! Great Job Alan!
Why thank you Mr. Zouch!
send the train this way
Too bad they wouldnt be able to use my hair for a good cause since its not Virgin :/
Good times.
lol damn.. i nvr seen that ..
had his first Western meal in Chengdu...at IKEA: pumpkin soup, salmon plate, mashed potatoes & gravy, tiramisu. Tomorrow it's back to rice.
Chocolate coconut water is the best!
I am somebody
Odds Thompson still drafts a C in early rounds to mentor under Saturday?
U aint shit if u aint #HardWorkin all day in the paint
All you need is love. Love yourself, others, and everything on this earth.
Just booked the role of the Captain in the staged reading of a new musical called "Babes at Sea", very excited to work with
kk :) ugh yes not kinda for me, I completely cannot stand her and she's not a good friend 😒 especially from the last ep
As an all-Mac house, Indigo Tree honors the memory of Steve Jobs and offer up our prayers for his soul. Thanks for all you did, Steve.
#IMAGINE mikey:look you; what mikey; ur beauty you: ily giveme a kizz mikey ;no you;=o y mikey:im loving ur beauty *mikey kizzes u*
holy kitten!
Chicago NATO summit......Why Chicago??after all the NATO meeting have been in Washington....something seems fishy here...
Thanks! Any update on the Internets situation?
What is sleep tho??
is that the rafting thing? I heard that's fun and also renting a boat on Lake Austin...?
I'll understand if there's no Ustream today. Austin is going through a lot from yesterday. -Ally
Girl please, that's my second job. ;D.
Dear Chelsea, I'm sorry I used your name to get in as VIP at the club. Hopefully you didn't show up. (Thanks )
nice try though
you're phenomenal love
this is my real account :)
Bold colors are in especially for jeans...a very good purchase for summer
- Do u want 2 do a live-shot for 6pm newscast Fri nite from Shoot To Cure event? Let us know. We'd luv 2 c u there.
But if I'm swaying, I'm still on vacation...
And I remember when they won it all back in 1976. And you? Not even born!
You can't linger on it your whole life, you can try and take a stand and make it happen but if it doesnt work then move foward.
our nefarious scheme!
follow back please(:
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
Your never to old to have a dance party!
: Today, 17 teens will take their own lives due to bullying. RT if you think bullying needs to stop.
Yes, the site if down. :( They are working on it.
Shooting Steve Harvey Show segment... early call time.
=)thx love ya!! xo
At great business networking. Very interesting info!!
Tea time
looking forward to our panels together. See you soon. Sorry for this crazy Austin weather :)
When babies have babies, you get an obvious story.
I’m not perfect, and I don't live to be. But before you judge me, make sure your hands are clean.
Heeheehee #LoveThis RT : Always a good idea to recover before returning to real life.
I'm glad I have a phone since so many ppl want to talk to me.. Oh wait.. Lol
no, i think thats just you.. RT Everyone Admit It, We Have All Got Gummy Bears & Made Them Do Sexual Things To Each Other! LOL
Just on the Comerica scoreboard during the annoucements..._____ you are going to be a DAD. Great way to find out.
not officially, but possibly. In CA for sure though.
When I still get likes on my Interlude on the roof video. >>
Celebrating st Patrick's day in the traditional way with tacos and ancient aliens
This is absolutely absurd!
hanging with my family in spring lake
Houston bound this afternoon!!
much love to you on the loss of your wonderful Father.... There are certain places for people the hurt others like she did u..
Sorry…it's a bit off-thread. I got distracted ;) You can check out the conversation later.
it's always something.
Please note that the official hashtag for the conference is #idea10. Thanks!
3 submissions in, few hundred to go! Playwrights, parents, and teachers: Deadline is February 10th.
Putting together our Kentucky Derby and Cinco de Mayo events in MKE.... If your bar has one, let us know!
oh damn
Riding in the trunk with ninjas? Blargh, that would make me nauseous.
it would be nice to have you as a bestfriend but i just have so much feelings for you, it would probably just hurt me .
I can't believe I'll be 17 on Sunday. I'm getting so old!!!!!!!!
yes! That'd be great :)
they are pretty overrated, in my expert taco opinion.
How can we resist this RT? RT : no prob! thanks for being awesome!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 36
haha oh lord
I want that.
Back poppin o yea!!
It's Friday bitches
Maybe we can kick it when I got the time, be my backbone every nigga need a spine.
Boxy and I have gotten pretty good at speaking in broken Swahili... which will totes help us here in Cheney...
Starting BETA testing Task Prioritization tool. Please send us a tweet if you'd to give it a whirl.
This is what I do darlin...this is what I do. (J.Whedon)
hahaha! Okay! Tell me? :D
RT : mixed signals <<<<
No one asked you 
Thank you! Hope the new gig is treating you well :)
which one? I love The bu Nana king
Good Morning everyone! #Tuesday is the day to get things done, so why not order those shirts u have been meaning to? www.shirtguydirect.com
First word I saw DC in room was BALANCE! Was on a card re: no smoking in the room! But still - it's the word that rules my being.
Do people really still go to ranch parties...?
Remember, Tuesday is our monthly neighborhood meeting. We're looking forward to seeing you tomorrow to talk about Redistricting and more!
Home sweet home.
Don't hold your breath for gas prices to come down. Always an excuse...Summer blends, Nigerian oil minister sneezed, etc.
amazing album. can't stop listening to it
lol do you guys remember astrojax?
Livin in this glorious moment.each one holds the bare essence.Learnin how to remember in moments of truth,where I stand and what I stand for
i'm proud of my "punk rock" band. you good sir, can shove it
unfortunately, i left a few weeks too early to hear the case...
Sen. Maj. Lesder Reid is expected to announced agreement for the votes Wed. 3:00 on GOP CR and Dem alt. 3 hours of debate starting at noon
my eyebrow!! :) totally sick
If I looked good I would run to holiday for a red bull.. but I look like crap.
final four >>>>
niall would ask about food. Hah
already followed her ;)
thx. If you ever have topic ideas give a shout. Good content always needed :-)
O.o Lol
There will no wet kisses 4 me. The one I love leaves me cold. Enough of me! LOL When hubby comes home plant a big wet one on him.
The clouds have cleared and it's going to be a beautiful evening for some FREE Jazzercise 6-7pm.
Busted!!! Disgusted!!!!
Let's face it the eastern conference in the NBA is awful
♥ i dont believe what happened last night ! im cry and i didn´t stop becouse you are really amazing your words touch my heart ♥
Woow i hopee he didn't put what i think he did in my freakin cookie-.- buut still feel good!
Back safe from my daytrips to Muncie and Indy! All that driving sure was worth it :)
If that had happened, my life you would be complete
As long as the leaders would trust their followers :)
one must have standards!
Repeat Champs. Roll Tide..  ": This TL gone be fool when football season start up again"
Happy Jonas Day! , , & thank you for always being amazing to us fans. WE LOVE YOU!!
lol forget school. i'd rather just work.
Super disappointed that I failed to get sours dibs today. Whatever happened to second chances??
You should know by now that when the world becomes dystopiad, it can NEVER EVER be fixed in one book. Not even The Giver...
Happy St. Paddy's Day y'all. They're live streaming the best parade ever in
Shocking, I know.
loved the dueling hoards on 5 decisions away. East coast / west coast!!!
Spending 4 days being extremely social means I cannot WAIT to get home and not talk to anyone tonight.
cool i need tickets for that
Packing for a weekend in Colorado Springs with my sister is easy: dump hiking, running and yoga gear into suitcase. All set!
Omg what a great show! I officially have been through the shadow of deth twice and can't to again! return to Indy pronto!
I just saw someone get slapped..lol
RT : Pleasantly surprised by 4th & Forever, reality show about Long Beach Poly, airing on #CurrentTV. Good stuff...
need more friends on facebook add me on my facebook @ facebook.com/toninkajj or tis is my email
Brewers win the first game of the NLCS and Packers beat Atlanta on Sunday Night Football....I think it's a good day :)
Hello NYC, still wish I was going to the garden tonight
In traffic reasons I never drive downtown
RT : Tomorrow is Local Business Saturday, which means you save 5% when you mention this to your cashier.
guess I'll burn this pinner now.....(((sigh)))
we did...but holdin off for the moment on picking anything up..dope stuff tho man..we'll holla no doubt
playing Monopoly in marketing, and what this guy already has Monopoly with a house on each property.
It's great to know that more people are pulling in the same direction.
Mitchell Baker #Mozilla #GlobalINET Net censorship & regulation is threatening connectedness even in "free speech" nations
thanks more bringing a chuckle and a laugh to my day with your tweets!
Today is for ___________?
tonights show was badass, thanks to everyone who came
I am pretty sure that the ocean and the wind want to come into my room and extinguish my life. Tonight sounds monstrous.
reply me
do you ever wonder what happened to richy aka zip LOLOL
Wish me luck for the Nature Of The Beast MMA Gear and Apparel Contest ♥
thanx for the s/o boo
I love how grizzled Johan Franzen is! Definition of tough.
yea came home last Friday
I was worried you'd say that.
It's Wednesday! Which means Ruth's Chris has half-priced select bottles of wine!
I wish we would've gotten the chance to chat! Thanks so much for having us last night!
Hi, a minor correction. Museum Month goers don't get 1/2 off Titanic tickets, but they do get a discount. Opens Feb 10!!
Thanks for following! I'd love to help others and pay it forward. I'd love to get rich and give back!
new song in the works - almost ready to record - destination Austin, TX - love the people around me - feelin' good about it.
It's amazing how angry I can get in the .5 seconds it takes the car in front of me to realize the light is green.
I just saw MB on tv and screamed my freaking head off!
I always try to be here when u r here, bc u r such an important person :)
#WeLoveOurKidrauhl he's everything to us, he gives us something to believe in, I love him so much!<3
Hope everyone is having a good Saturday! Hope you're taking advantage of this pleasant weather!
Dear , you just broke my heart. That was the single most dissatisfying ending to one of the most satisfying games ever.
that's what made me think of it ! Not in their delivery range So jealous their boxes look amaze !
Happy Tuesday! NYE is 4 days away, don't delay in getting your hair done. We have appointments available for today and tonight 614.447.2600
Drug search. Yay.
Tomorrow is thursday and friday comes afterwards
Ewh RT : How are you gonna steal from your own friend?
(with caveat that I'd need to go look it all up again, etc etc)
Christmas eve, bitch.
Don't let the snow keep you in, come out to the Black History Month College Movie TONIGHT! Student Center, 7pm, Rm 289.
The collective IQ of this accounting class has slowly declined since 10 am.
party here I come! Holla'!
Dude doctor offices take forever! Been sitting here for an hour really!?!!!
No worries I'm sure you're too busy. I just wanted your thoughts on a few photos that's all. Take care.
impressive, real books are so retro
“: terrifying” if by terrifying, you mean beautiful, then YES omg
When TREJO talks, people listen.
Going to keep my comments to myself for now #Nuggets #Lakers I love game 7's don't you?
YOU TOO! How is that beautiful city of yours??
I do! :) if ur offering, have you ever tried to make sangria?
i dont always drink, but when i do i beat my wife and children-
Zombies just want a hug... hahaha
sorry sunshine
Yes. And without VisualStudio and SourceSafe I don't know how I can generate any code
I just love snow days :)
Nashville man! Moved down about 6 months ago for grad school. You back in CO?
Happy Mother's Day, Meach!!!
The Notebook...
WOW I am confused on how my page on Facebook and my ID work together. Anyone have an explanation???
Morning people
okkaay, most people like the black&white one. so do i. i should order it but idk what size to get...
Wait, we have cake, too!! But oh well, you will be missed....
Main reason to have a phancy phone is to play words with friends. Play me! I'm ktRnst.
I wonder what the world would look like if Christians maximized the measure of faith they were given.
dent in the armor. More will sprout up like weeds. If u want 2 help, donate 2 amnesty. org, not this guy who is profiting off your good will
happy Friday! :)
“: Tamron Hall: "50 years ago, I was probably a much tougher kid than Mitt Romney." She's 42 years old.”
so true
With at yo la tengo/wilco at Cyclone Stadium
All I can think of when I say joda-time is that country song "Livin' on Tulsa Time"
In Madison, you can get 's MIRACLE BEACH at Booked for Murder or Room Of One's Own if you want to buy from an indie book store
yes we must rap-a-taste soon. I'll def see u in florida. Let me double check on mich 👍💁
#donnydeustch is RIGHT! And you Joe are in 'lala' land if you think you're right!We will nvr apprec.,
Happy to see what a rich full life you have!
Indeed he is. Nice strategery, waiting for the game to (finally) end.
Sad day when you realize you're too old to headbang without needing a chiropractor later. Fortunately nodding befits an older, wiser, man.
Oh yea school is boring but yet i still go! ha ok ok peace out!! goin to another class!
stay tuned for my interview with Boris and Dylan that I conducted today
Either love your players or get out of coaching.-- Bobby Dodd
The only thing we know is, work hard play hard.
I HAVE TO MEET DRAKE.
lol no its fine. I should probably know..
I am what i am, and you are a bitch.
hell yeah I am he on his way back from Wisconsin
it took them this long to figure that out?
Why are my flowers dying!??
You will never find people like them anywhere else but the big LV.
and sorry for forgetting the H graham:)
it's for community service
I want too but time will tell
That, but more so blowing out Gallardo's knee in 2008.
Pure plant oils is the best conditioner for dry hair.
stay sexy<3
A clean sweep for the Mavs at the won every award they were nominated for, team and individual!! So proud of my team!!
Thank you for visiting us! I hope you enjoyed it!
2 finals left between me and Christmas break..
chris, i like your profile photo. :)
Hey #snowboarders, wear your wristbands from the # GroundZero premiere & get #HappyHour all night! RT plz.
Oh M Gee! Cell Phonez :D
back at you! Hubby wants to be at your table today!
Did anyone hear you??
I was charmed,and I was harmed. Couldn't say,I wasn't warned. I was high, and I was low - I was schoooolllled.
You know what you should do?!!?!??? Set me up with Ryan<3 gotta love him;)
So thankful for for sending me the #catdaddy video at work this morning
Finally i said what ive been wanting to say...
not looking forward to this root canal Thursday, yet it can't come soon enough 😁
want to see your toes.
Thanks for reading!
any word on the seriousness of Shields' injury? Think he'll be back to practice next week? Haven't heard a time frame yet
On blue line with heading to Kings game at Staples Center. Happy Holidays!
He needs some Midol ": Chris Bosh pulled a muscle in his abdomen that connects to his vagina."
This is my type of weather
O-o RT Chinese businessmen r shareholders of the 70% of the land in each and every Western US and Canada city...
A storm with wings is a sight indeed.
I literally have been tweeting all day.
Dear customer service, for one time, just ONE time, could you NOT call me "maam" or "miss" ? I would really appreciate it.
That horrible moment when you take a swig of milk and realize after the swallow that it is SOUR...Will I live? WIll I die? Will I throw up?
Thanks for your compliments on the piece! I'm looking forward to trying it out!
Come to Dean's tonight for 5th of November that you will remember! The Kinship, Blondes Make Better Victims, Days Drive and Life Stage
oh ok, jordan 10s are the best pair of shoe's I've ever hooped in. How are the lebrons? They look heavy.
Welcome #Doll❤
I get it.
I was too busy being all thought-provoked to tweet. :)
All the #OccupyOakland tweets are a bad start to the day.
Finishing up a proposal for a mediation conference today. Got asked to do more Cal Lightman stuff.
remember when we used to make videos?
AND THAT'S A WRAP! Minor tweaks and edits but we are finished. Poster printing imminent
Project hydration 💦
some folks told me they saw me on tv recently. i finally figured out the podcast from fall 08 is on ch.26, ABQ. cool! thnx to yusif's & tim.
And it is for the very same reason. Funny how that works. We begin so innocent/gentle and become so jaded by life on the way out. Smh...
This morning I'm realizing that I am in DESPERATE need of fall/winter clothes
You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose...but you cannot pick your friend's noses!!
Wearing a my pink today!!
good morning lover dover :)
LOL, okay. Wood extract versus dirt. Hey, just me. Obviously like some 'cause I like the highland whiskies :-p
Would you say that's net-specific, though? I think of Hitchcock's "Rear Window"...
Hey everyone, check out this racist flag flying, homophobic, walking epitome of right wing religious stupidity----->
**Going to RSA/Secure World this year?** Let's plan ahead and schedule • Meetings with you and Symantec Executives • Briefings on Symantecs…
“: Working on some connection demos" <-- Nice!
Just got a new phone. Yayy
I treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how
Thxs, will look into it. Right now just trying to bike again, it's hard to find extra hrs Either working or w/ kids how do u do it
I want some seafood hope one of my sisters can get me some
": Zusi is 70% of the way to his career high/total last year for assists in 4 games #SportingKC"
sounds good. Be sure to watch us on Wed. at 7pm to see our BIG Prime Rib!
Back to performing six nights a week! Awesome, Hoping for a great season!
Tasting room OPEN today from 11am to 10pm. Tours at 2pm and 4pm. Stop down for a tasty craft cocktail made with GLD Spirits!
Shoutout to the rando girl currently snoozing on my couch. Bigups bigups
: You know, a life in art is like riding a horse, you know you are going to come off "Spin", the game is getting back on the pony.
AH 10 more minutes!!!!
is it stupid that me and my friend are going to try to audition for #XFactorUSA??
Pet peeves... 'Double U' not 'dubbu'. 'Of-fen' not 'off-ten'. One Hundred Twenty dollars not One Hundred and Twenty dollars. Thanks.
no probs can't wait for you to be in the purp and gold.
RT : Tho you speak to me of madness...we will find a better way (John Denver)
Time to get on with tasks!
Back from the hospital fuckers ! Yeah I'm back which means back to the mixtape.
you've really blown a fuse!
Alt: What Ur not up on, Ur down on! RT “There are some people that if they don't know, you can't tell them.” -Louis Armstrong
“: let me guess.....you started watching with 15.5 secs left????
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
The next public performance of will be next Sat at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club located at 318 West 53rd St.(by 8th Ave)
I love oh canada
I love endings, I love beginnings even more, it's the whole middle business I can't quite get the hang of...
yes he would be a perfect fit.
Hostess Brands filing Chapter 11?
Can I get Oregon Donuts, too?
I'm so full of pasta... and regret. Dang you, Buca Di Beppo. You get me everytime.
TAYLOR SWIFT "SAFE & SOUND" MUSIC VIDEO FOR HUNGER GAMES?
The agency is closed until January 3. Happy New Year!!
TC is packed - finishing movie projects, lab reports, essays, quizzes, etc...wow. Happy Monday
Hey San Diego #photogs and #divers don't miss Al Bruton's Asmp presentation on underwater photography this Thurs. bit.ly/oh2ygf
haha yess! I go there about every Thursday! Do you serve there ever?
Home, but gotta get some sleep. First a little TV. Yard Crashers or How I Met Your Mother?
I'm sick of hiding my feelings .
Thanks for coming in to teach BAA students a master class this morning!
I need ac this ish is hot
just curious, how often do you do these spotlights?
reading a physical book. like i'm old or something.
con las pi
Got a full week ahead of me! One day in particular excites me!
LOL!! Yes and..RT: Congress is now considered a Vegetable!
Well awh, Andy can't say no to that, can't you Andy?
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave. -
I'm at 17MBps today, ~1000x better than 20Kbps yesterday evening. Thanks, and Happy New Year
Getting excited with the new packers fan club. Name suggestions end tonight
Today would be a good day for Google's self-driving car.
rock n roll
We have to create daily. Thats why its called a masterpiece... fragments become whole.
Husband: I'm going to check out that new Acura. Oops, just accidentally opened Slayer pinball.
So sad to hear about
Yeah, his singing is good but he annoys me for some reason. I'm sure he's sweet though. I don't like being mean. Lol!
Rendón: How can we construct new vision of education that cultivates "una persona educada" - knowledge that transcends degrees?
The shit better be off the meat Brennan, I bringing lesbians who will only fuck me if your funny. Don't fuck this up for me!
I CAN'T sleep :/ i have cramps *cries*
Got a damn speeding ticket this weekend : /
don't wanna go to school today!!!!!!!!
XBOX Kinect - yet another activity to remind me of how out of shape I am. On a serious note, it is some pretty cool tech though
Defending the Dark Ages tonight. Party like it's 999 y'all! RT The Dark Ages are unfairly maligned.
“: No delays, in early, luggage here... #thatwaseasy” In Colorado?? :-)
“: A quick Mother’s Day moment of silence for all you single, 37 year old cat ladies.”
Just added to the #WFX2012 expo floor Active Network, Communities
Favre is waffling...next will be a press conference where he announces...nothing. If nothing else, he is consistent.
RT: Really enjoyed meeting yesterday. Thanks !
so bored
