Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
I am proud that the tools given to me have enabled me to be an agent of peace and to hold to my promise of undying loyalty.
just killed it at the 930 club!
thanks for hooking up my bro mark with the sb ticks your the man
Don't worry, they come back (for Mother's Day)! Tweeting from my parents' place ;)
gangster party at the dmv
Don't data puke everywhere -- strategy before data.
of course everyone decides to get loud whenever I wanna take a nap
Need some excitemnet!!! Have been a bit board lately.
My iPhone's autocorrect has learned to spell Yuengling.
#Harbaugh says #Ravens "never hold a walk thru" the term is "forbidden"
Oh Duke LAX night.....
i smell like bbq
RT : True sadness is reaching the bottom of a cup of Potbelly's chili.
The Association of Rehabilitation Nurses thanks for her inspiration and service to our country.
happy birthday Emma!!! Hope ur birthday cake candle wish comes true!!
I'm so nervous
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'- Martin Luther King
I'm in Louisville on location filming "Intrusion Disconnected".
There is film of Aaron hitting pennant clinching home run here in 1957 w/voice of late Earl Gillespie
Just received the best text message ever. Thank you for making my day!
The moment when someone jokes about one of your insecurities and you have to act like it didn't bother you.
Was trying to see if anyone recognized the movie with all those silly lines. Miller's Crossing. Lebo got it immediately
Out and about this weekend? Make sure to check out the Death to Dollars exhibition! You only have a few more weeks left before it ends!
People get mad about others opinions....that's sad.
Friday evening elation. Golden sunshine, family, music....yum.
Sometimes I want to ditch your body in the woods. Yes, YOU. Damn you.
IF & my bab Dont go to my show,Ima be mad cause I wont be able to see my bab!:/
what up bro!
The Worst DJs In The World now playing a taunting jingle about someone who is "bigger than a scholbus".
I drink beer out of a bottle cause that's what real women do.
Congrats! RT : This summer I will be working as a Marketing Assistant at #AmericasLargestWaterpark #NoahsArk!!!!!!
This episode feels like #MadMen had a baby with The Office (U.K.)
RT Another attack on DIY bar #Yerevan. No to #fascism posters burned, swastikas painted on walls. 2 reportedly detained
MAD, MAD PROPS to who built and designed our site. It looks awesome and is functioning flawlessly. WELL DONE.
I have a theory that the chicken crossed the road because of all the weirdos that were watching him
Finally making it outside my apartment for the first time today. Last night was amazing but holy shit am I destroyed today
I just realized that looks a lot like a grown up version of the little boy from Mary Poppins.
Thanks! Glad you like the podcast!
What's going on with the news end of the world may 21st what is that
Mj did his thank 2 all supporters that came outw/ S.A. Films
don't get mad, get even
when I have a bigger apt ;)
gahh they are perfect :P
Good Plan! RT : I'd LOVE to get together: I'm face down working on a deadline for this level of Blaire Sees Bears, play by ear?
Only low life's bring kids into an argument! #PunkAssBitch who says things about kids? You're so grown and mature though right?!
(: Glad ur a fan of his now!
Giving in on socks and boots...brrr! Grrr... :|
lmbo that's not nice
are you drinking fluids and sleeping, I mean more so than usual.
And the triathlon training begins haha
Just Open a New Bailbondsman Office In Broward... 786-445-2171 I'm Here For You..
OMG TAKE ME
$3 You Call Its For Happy Hour Tonight!! Come on Down and finish your long weekend with us!!
I like you. You like me. Stop worrying about them. Worry about us.
They probably will win both.
Lady at #ctia registration askedbif my name was pronounced 'Reesee'. Um, no. Last E is silent. Like the candy.
To all the teachers across America: we wish you a great 2011-2012 school year. Thank you for helping to make #RealChange happen. Please RT
Get ready for your hug! Countin down the days til Orlando.
Thanks for the link. You are so very right. What a great example a museum living up to the words in its mission.
Asked Siri to remind me to do something. Obviously she wasn't listening because when reminder went off it said, "Find some crack".
glad you liked it! Maybe we can get to perform his solo at the apartment?
That's for sure. I heart that guy!!!!
#mn you were awesome!
he knows that i love him more and that he is my whole life and that is how i won
how old is he?
You can now make play lists on #myspace. Oh, and the new album is rad.
the feeling of growing apart with an old friend is a truly sad one
The only way you can counter absurdity is with greater absurdity. :-)
Can some one update me on Christopher drew any new songs i wanna no
Bad day?
you have indeed sir. I think your parenting cannot achieve a higher goal.
(gmail dr) doesn't this just go to show can't believe the "cloud"?
good morning people..
“Love isn't a state of perfect caring. It is an active noun like struggle....
Relaxing night at home.
Oh hell. Updated my iPhone and all of my photos were deleted! $&@#!!!
Great My Own Fingerprint photo shoot in Hollywood - the models were amazing!
The balloon is at 34,000 feet!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Bella Bacinos - Italian (live updates)
maybe you should try rehab. It worked for Lindsay Lohan...
Ok... that's what I thought. Thanks!
Playing Charades with the girl I like... Picked 'Sex & the City'... super awkward!
You still Looked Beautiful! Get ready gorgous big meeting in NYC on the 11th :) SO proud of you!!!!!
OH: Is she derpy cute?
Just tried to pre-order the but the purchase site seems to be all B2B...I will wait until there is an easier path.
Yeah, I wasn't sure.. thought I'd give it a shot.
loved ya then.. Love ya now! Wish the CMA's would acknowledge your talent!
How is it 3:45 already?
ATY Radeon x1600. It's a shit card, but I played the beta...no idea why now it isn't working. No drivers.
*Correction*, Co-sponsors. Still no primary author.
The linchpin of the Council drinking game is retiring? Say it ain't so!
naa dude I just woke up lol
yes, he is. He mentioned that Sen. Graham is running late and Sen. Leahy is unable to make it
I know nobody likes me. I didn't need you to tell me.
#NowPlaying #Beautiful Sinner
Musicians are finicky people.
QoTD: "Men's best successes come after their disappointments." (Henry Ward Beecher)
Follow Us! BostonOnTheRun
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
I asked a question at 10 about the big "X" at the airport. Overwhelming response from people explaining it is a closed runway.
The B52s on the #tvlandawards NOW !
you would never be second string with me :))
Feeling ambivalent about my exams this week... I feel like I might be prepared, but at the same time I'm afraid I'm being complacent :/
visit anytime--love to have you!
Incidentally, soccer fans, I recommend the BBC's 5 Live radio broadcasts. Long live the interwebs.
Works for my dog Jasper. RT "Why can't wars be decided by peeing on things?" -- A pacifist pee fetishist
Down in St. Louis, getting ready for J's #marathon tomorrow!
I'm getting kinda pissed off over this shit
LOL @ "coz ur a fob" ...hahahaa, true cuz, I need to get over it. And look at you with all that strength #POLYNESIANPOWER lol
If she will give you the last dollar out of her pocket,Then she a real woman
That would be so awesome to have both, then this would be a city fulfilled with sports.. We do support our teams well>>
Marty swears I like Jude, omg
Lovely meeting you all
Di grace a god
kebo what up homie u still got the same gmail my nigga?
1st to Tweet "Griswalds" wins a Chrismas Vacation Ultimate Blu-ray Collector's Edition!
indigo in hyde park? Love that place. often go there with my dad when I visit back home
Chill on the hill in good ol' Bayview
Hi Alessandro, is Unify is adding that HTML?
you coming to bvu lunch and learn tomorrow?!?
Man its to damn early for her to be having an attitude
Big ass bags of weed look like im finna take the trash out...
we should too...
Of course, i keep some bad women with me in the back sippin rozay with some hash twisting
thanks for chatting :-)
Epic fucking night. Stopped by tylers and el patio in simi. On the way to Alisa's in camarillo.
Hello old friend! Still got an egg for a profile pix, I see :0)
so how many tweets are you getting about your penis right now
thank-you!
text 99888 and put the number 1 in the text to vote for !
Cheetah hunt bitch! _changeG$
OMG RNG !!! Their preformence was DOPE!
can you please tweet some more quotes soon? I need my ghetto hikes fix.
No ricky, No Pek, No J.J. NO PROBLEM. Some Monday morning greatness.
There's more cheddar there....RT : 23rd right now tho!
thanks! “: So happy you're running! I ... am spreading info about you to friends/family in the 915”
AY! what's good over there?
RT Tonight is kind of like LeBron going to his ex-fiance's home with a bride on each arm.
Girl at Coney Island wanted me to sign my receipt, but didn't hand me a pen. Dumb bitch.
Society would be a lot better off if people understood that responsibility outweighs entitlement.
Why can't LeBron have more contrite and humble pressers like his exit interview? Is he finally realizing how cocky he comes off?
Our duty is to be useful, not according to our desires but according to our powers
I wanna see Jack attack those fuckers with a plant.
Hey, thanks for the retweet and excited you started a IA group! Can't wait to hear how it turns out!
After a little convincing from me and testing the bacon packages for explosive traces, TSA let me (and the bacon!) through.
BIG BLUE 99 yard TD pass!!
Family guy gettin old
This week should fly by quick!
thinking about hitting some golf balls...
Early Morning Workout
It was worth the wait! The Game of Thrones second season premiere was amazing!!
Thank you for sharing my pain. Miss you!
RIP Vidal. Let us know if there's sasooning in heaven.
people keep telling us that. I think we must be at some sort of limit and so when I follow people it I follows them.
What's the buzz? Who is hot right now in alternative land? We have some ideas, but, YOU tell US!
Never again
I'm sure I could shoot 25% against the Heat.
it was a pleasure to meet u too. And don't fret about the screening. It was canceled but next time you're totally invited
what a great idea!
I have finally defeated the chapped lip phenomenon of winter
wanna go tomorrow?
Jamie Moyer has 268 wins now-- tied with Jim Palmer and more victories than Bob Feller or Carl Hubbell or Bob Gibson or Juan Marichal.
Welcome to the twitterverse! :)Thanks for the follow.
Can i be your Nandos ? So that you can eat me ! :DD
that's only because Steve trachsel is out of the game
You know the Brewer game has gone WAY too long when we are on the 2nd sausage race of the game!
Wondering what to do with yourself this glorious Saturday morning? We have the answer: have brunch with us. That was easy.
Great blog post about attracting young(er) audience. We're a museum, but points still apply. Thanks!
When I saw Funny People this morning I quite enjoyed it. Probably the least of the
Peter, I haven't seen you in months!! How is everything? And acting?
Looking forward to watching the Tour of Flanders at 8:30 am this morning on NBC Sports. Go Garmin!
yes it was renewed. I meant how things ended between Charlie & that show.
You should try "Krave" granola! That and special K are my favorites! Yumm<3 LOVE YOU SO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW<3
i been had a tumblr and i go on it way more than i go on twitter!! its so addicting it has amazing pics and it is way better than twitter:)
Can't wait to see your pics! I absolutely LOVE alpacas! :)
no he didn't lol. Is he still there?
For today's #WineWednesday, may we suggest our Bin 36 2010 Zinfandel? It pairs great with our Smoked Tomato and White Bean soup.
Any bands need a New Years gig at Minglewood Hall? DM us ASAP!
Extra frames, fun game RT : Mariners!
You may have hit upon the reason!
#ifiDontGetBelieveTickets ill hang myself
Sorry your worst boarding in months! #flight949 why is the gate area blocked?
I wanna faithful one ♥to</3
Great! Keep us posted!
.... bryanna vera Watch, she's gonna see this.
eagles are dog shit
#ThatDepressingMoment when you realize that you can't possibly fix every broken soul.
wat everybody doin im bored than a mutha rite now.
118 cappers posted today and 7 consensus from their plays off a 4-2 consensus day...Off to Station Casinos MM party and banquet Sat...
Josh, are you currently working on Pinterest with a few of your brands? You may be interested in
Q mal me siento :'(
Total Knockout Kisses!
now following my guy >>>>> he new so follow my guy btw see you tomorrow!
you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . So don't come back for me . Don't come back at all .
What's your Vandy connection?
Let's do it!
Are you participating in tomorrow? If you are, direct message us with details and we might stop by and pray with you!
I think we need to cancel #SOTU opposition response. The setting of the House Chamber is never matched and makes the opposition look weak.
How did I not know you had a twitter? Let's go more brewer games!
One of my best friends live in Lincoln. You know the Schleppenbachs by any chance? -Adam
less than 5 months until The Script :D
Rode 17.1 mi on route 'Work & home', in N/A (avg: 0 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
I'm liking DC's Earth 2 title. Its a new fresh challenge using under-used characters in a new way. Golden Age Today.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you’re ugly too
do you really think sucking up to someone makes you friends?
I had FSU in the final game as well...I swear if you know too much you will never win.
hahahha yeah seems like it ;)
RT : Calling all AU alumni! RT us so we can reach 2K followers by 4/30, and we'll send you AU goodies, so you can show your...
Hell yeah! Through Being Cool would definitely be on ours.
Good thing Rooney Mara's acting is way better than her fashion sense
It's windy as fuck.
I'm honestly working on not caring about my people not supporting. I don't think it can ever be 100%, but I need to get close to that.
get it my niggy
Congratulations!!! Love you!
can get rough when meds take over:-/
Yes I have to work and stay busy. Need the exercise. Wear respirators all the time.
a Palinesque fantasy intriguing !
I know the entire Xena: Warrior Princess intro monologue by heart, holy
I'm sure you're a good reporter, but you and your POS network look really bad with how they continue to hammer
Unreal performance..
aww sounds amazing(:
One more follower and we hit 300! Help us out with a shout out and you will be our best friend :)
RT : : Catch me at Endless Music THURSDAY w/ the ATL
it's not in Omaha, but Benson raised 's film #canyonroad is debuting trailer tomorrow at
I'm officially the best packer ever. My bag weighed in at 50 lbs EXACTLY! Farewell, Colorado! Until we meet again...
WOW 145 cappers with plays on tonights short card and 6 consensus now in college and 1 NHL and is all available FREE
I might be a cuddle whore
me and you HAVE to meet and Rob someday!!! :)
I'm rude. Quiet .. gives fucksless.. speaks my mind mhm (: yup
“: she got to get unfollowed for that shit”not to much
I am sorry but I really don't consider "Apple Ipad runs 12 degrees hotter" to be *breaking news* that needs a push notification.
Its always an interesting day when we are equated to space aliens and livestock! lol
I know! I suck
shower time. :)
I hope it rains. ☔ cause its been hot and humid lately.☀
sure thing!
“: So fun! : Having the best Easter belated bday ever! Champagne tasting w/ @ justinherman &
the have shown winning and grinding mentality the whole season.
Some people are so damn hard to live with, or even be around. Your shity mood rubs off on everyone.
ha your in denial.. mine is clearly dope shit ;)
- wonderful! So glad to hear it -
I get off at 5pm - let's go together.
Its a nice day for a parade.
pfft whatever. By the way answer ur messages. You're so busy being a bloody lamb you got no time to write now? Lol
i just want food and for you to text me more often.
top of the morning to ya :)!!! L
Tell me, where do you stop? Can you comment of institutional preservation?
What do you think about splitting the supreme court into two courts? I want to know!
i am enjoying this.
The highlight of my father's only trip to the Holy Land was at the Garden Tomb.This is his first Easter enjoying this hope from heaven.
Hey, you can talk to Liesje on twitter at
Anyways, about to watch Jedgar.
follow and get more followers
OH: "...like, spread yr cheeks, if you know what I mean!"
“: is my favorite player in #ithasbeenannounced” I'd rock a Suter Ponies jersey all day.
the first things men look at when they see a woman. hands to check for rings,
oh hold your horses. children are one of my top 5 fears…right after snakes and mold.
Happy Labor Day Weekend from the Black Lab Theatre. Hope you all enjoy the extra day off!
This bitch stay off in my ear, talking dat shit I don't wanna hear...
SOLD. Where's my ticket?
I went into The Blackbird to talk to Joey about our grandmother being in the hospital,and he Kicks me out!
That awkward moment at a feminist picnic when they realize no one made sandwiches
hum... i think the wizard is stealing 's thunder...
Jazz also seems to exist in a weird universe of polar opposites...either ridiculously traditional or way out in left field
Twitter, please tell me where I want to move/work. I am at a loss.
ok, but only if u check me out on FB. Look at my drawing on there.
Have fun creating your new line! I'm also starting a new spring jewelry line. :)
Cheers! Keep up the good work!
Be present, Spirit of God, within us, your dwelling place and home. ~RT
awesome, thanks so much! Good luck! :)
Messed up shit today! !
Can't wait for the new season!
Can't wait for Charlotte, NC show with Baylor's Eye and Final Curse! Horns Held High!!!!
Dried apricots. Just not a whole bag. #lessonlearned RT: Q9 #Foodiechats u have a #SweetTooth What healthy option do u choose?
This game is a ridiculous defensive showdown.
you gonna bring that heisman home to Ann Arbor this year
#13 #TheLastTimeIChecked It's about a personal relationship with #Jesus not religion. #GodlyBroTips Matt. 23:15
Thank u sir
He should be...brutal ": If I know Aaron Craft, he will be pretty despondent after the game."
Is that bad I don't know what that is yet..?
Pie (numerical value) >>>> Felix Pie
I'll love you forever
Blow me.
I wish someone would come right now and wash my hair!
shoe obsession; 4 new pairs in the past 2 weeks. 20 year long fan and still going strong!
dropbox was offering extra space for testing that feature. I'm up to 18G free I think.
Miracle pull
school < anything else.... :P
I'm having an #everythingisstupid moment right now.
. I am surprised the percntages are that high!
What A Shame! Such a marvelous artist. A gorgeous human being. To end at 48 is a tragedy. Poor creature.
Thanks to the best vocal coach in the world !! Mama Jan !! love you so much !!
On This Day in 1982 - The first issue of "USA Today" was published.
it was great to see you at Reboot
Just finished watching a cut of Life Tracker. I'm getting excited. It's really coming together!
like they do to the rest of us making us look smart lol
": what song is that?" Me u and Makey..
i had a softball game today and i wore your necklace for good luck. we won, we won just for u prince. Happy Birthday 1-4-3
Foot feels better!! Time to hit the road and do a short LA trip. LA here I come!
great coffee shop on 21st. Do you even live in Nashville? Haha
Tomorrow, it will be either Neon Indian or The Globes.
go to sleep.
MATTHEW HAS MUH PHONE
any other theme that doesn't ship with core
I am currently taking donations for a pair of Jeffrey Campbell shoes, help a girl out!
We would like to welcome our new students to the August session at Harriet Fulbright College!
First annual Phil's Friends Golf Outing on August 4th! More info: www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=120833574598625 or www.philsfriends.org
Happy birthday to The Greatest of All Time: Muhammad Ali!!!!!
More comfort and drive knowing that you have enchanting options
hey hey hey. How are you?
Come up town! At least hit the Trading Post. RT : I'm hungry AF. But I'm at Keuka college.
!! RT niggas be so fake they don't know what to do with themselves ctfu
Don't you hate when you tell somebody you will do somethin an they say "no I got it" then get mad cuz they have to do it. Told I would !
Follow he is doing his thing and lookout for tour dates with Florida legend the original Mr. 305 JT Money!!
well, he'll never know unless he tries!
75% of Japanese women own a vibrator. The worldwide average is about 47%.
“: "I like girls that have small hands cause it makes my dick look bigger!"” 😂😂
Thank you for calling a special session. They need to act like adults and do their jobs!
Thanks so much!! ": "Hold hands, you lovebirds!" ...congrats in tying the knot!"
Discussing the finer aspects of journalism with on the 107th floor of
Never again will I love another man in my lifetime. Love is just another 4-letter word...
Just realized that liking soccer and becoming invested inMLS is like loving art and getting REALLY into Portland's gallery scene.
Great game #Sixers! Only lost by 1
": I like you. You like me. Stop worrying about them. Worry about us."
welcome to tone's house party party
I want to be on the show
“Live by the spirit of faith.”
Hey guys! receive 30% off hair extensions and accessories this month when you log on to Clipitz.com and use coupon code: I076T52ID5
Can't believe my sister is graduating tonight.
Morning y'all. We're still awake. The #100innings of Baseball heads into the 71st inning with Team Lembo 71, Team Rudy 56.
These industry things are always very interesting...
Lmaoo Naw You Only Talk to Me When I Got Food ....
Is anyone getting work done or just watching NCAA Men's Basketball March Madness?
You got all the questions I know all the Answers.. I done took ya heart girl hold it up for Ransom
lol well now you know what to do next time :]
Call our informative sales staff today at (888) 378-5237, or come and visit us in person at 5700 S 27th Street.
Girls these days be trippin
Thanks for the feedback and support.
Heading to Indy tomorrow. Should be a blast.
Don't got much but I take wat ever I get
I went running in my new #fivefingers earlier and now my calves are sore as hell. Can't wait to do it again tomorrow!
Maybe a little sheer sparkle?
Guess i need to spend some time on here. Can only #Follow 5 tweeps at a time due to lack of activity. I will #Follow all back!
Yasssss! LOL RT : well, we may have to get a special booth. We love our
5 days to go for FANSHOES FIFA International fashion show displaying our country spirited shoes, 32 teams partaking in the 2010 world cup.
With each accomplishment take a knee....a humble spirit allows more room for growth <3 <3
Thanks! I really appreciate the advice!
Starting the Long Island wine tour with Pindar. I know I'm spoiled by living in CA, but let's give this a try!
Friends don't let friends do stupid things •••Alone•••
so you're not lazy. :)
I Took The Pic! RT : lol and they knowingly allowed you to snap the picture? Smgdh
- I use both. Have them sync via Google Sync / CalDav. Totally easy and you can use both to update.
We got baseball bats like them Indians and my team pop off like cowboys
when we release everything i'll be sure to send it right to you! thank you for always being there you the best! :)
Is it raining? (sarcasm)
Ridiculous how you can find tons of tutorials to color correct in #fcpx but nada for sound design. Sound > color
I soo dont wanna go back 2 school!!! I didnt do much this summer:(
Ha :-) Yes, a lot of poop around! RT : and a lot of poop!!!
loving the inspiration! Thanks for sharing!!!
you have a nice butt
#conflictparty Boy & Bear rocked it!
My best buddy just posted a pic of the #supermoon on #Facebook. Looks amazing. I'm on a plane so I cannot see it yet but i want to.
I'm just gonna sit here and tweet about awkward things. I have a very weird obsession with Narwhals. I love them to pieces <3
Retired State Police Colonel Tom Foley wrote a book on the Whitey Bulger chase
UL fans welcome
haha that's cool :) lol and really :P ? And let me guess are you listening to Davina :D lol ?
Found in 19th Century Masterfile: The evolution of newspaper advertising, 1897 is Lippincott’s Magazine
Yeah, it's pretty amazing how similarly the communities respond, as least in the article.
no problem sweetheart((:
Looks like we're shutting PDX down tonight. Just make sure your at The Society nightclub. That's all.
Bum ass hoes taking pics in front of the DFACS office
I had an amazing tonight at the concert. Thanks so much to for an incredible show. It's great to see people who just love music
You really need to quit taking my picture. Ha! Glad you had a good time.
German sausage jokes are the wurst.
that is so beautiful :O
A love like the movie The Lucky One
watching the #SwaggaRite ClockWork
Summer = ice cream in hand...log onto www.s2yd.com and check out what Carnival's has to offer
May Andrew's voice live in all of us who value Liberty! Take up his mantle and continue his fight, my friends. Bless you, Andrew and RIP.
Stop time? Now that's a concept...
Somethings need to come back into fashion. Women wearing gloves and hats. Men wearing hats (not just basball caps), more suit wearing too.
Got our copy of 's Monkey Truck today! Such a fun book for preschoolers. Monkey Truck will be released Jan 18th!
Dude... Anyway.... 9 MINUTES.
long week of hard work..now resting my back a little and then heading out.
Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed -Peter S. Beagle
seriously! I tried to watch once to see what it was all about. I would have done better to watch "Grease"
I love it. and also i had to use one of you twitts on my fb MY BACK IS NOT A VOICEMAIL SO SAY IT TO MY FACE so true
cheap timberland online for sale | longking
Great presentation today from Tracey at Ready, Set, Grow Marketing!
Recent studies are saying mothers of children with #autism earn 56% less income. What are your ideas on how to overcome this or...
It'd be hilarious if a terrorist blew stuff up so everyone would read his manifesto, but he had really bad handwriting so no1 understood it.
thanks for the time you gave & me 2day, hope u solved that bug issue at home #huskers, #ketv & thanks !
Taylor reads our diaries. can I please have it back? You seem to have transferred it into music ;)
thanks so much Kristina! Hope to see you soon!!
Yes...Sup pitched great. ~sigh~
Well Dad, it basically comes down to this: I've decided to quit geology and join the Village People.
Watching news stories from Lexington glad we drove home Saturday after the half marathon. Craziness there in KY!
Very Nice post on Jopa and Jaypa.
Breaking News: Foreclosures are stopped indefinetly..
I just sludged thru 8 million Bills tweets to find last week's playlist...nothing. Please post! #whatisthenameofthatsong?
or playing the Nigerian lottery.
haha of course you do
POWTY/JCC kids are home with their family and now we'll be home in time for Latke's birthday!
could u give me a shoutout please??
everything just keeps getting worse
Solo until the end ....
Is it wrong to take a nap when I've only been awake for 2 hours?
in love with your icon
that sounds like the summary of a gay porn.
Love when my car starter actually decides to work, I may survive the bitter cold of Rochester after all!
She's a badass b**** and I love it. “: Michelle Obama was viewed favorably by 71% in a new poll survey; Ann Romney by 41%.
Thank you! The welcome has been so warm today :)
Thanks for mentioning us!
Boo come back to Indy
I didn't know I had unfollowed you. Following back again.
listening to #Prokofiev Sonata #9 - amazing and underestimated piece.
FUN FACT: One of the many British slang terms for a Female's Period is - Auditioning Satan's "Little Fingers." Source: God No! by ...
Damn....catching up on my Ringer episodes!!! This show is so good!!
suree now you wake up, you just missed the twitcam!
Just finished two great estate planning books: “Wealth in Families” & “Beating the Midas Curse”. Must reads to say the least!
Tutorial: Recycled Bangle. Check it out!
I LOVE YOU❤🆔
"Technology is an enabler, the success of your program will depend on its management." - at
Gym Class Gyros
Putting together an informative presentation on ageless design for the upcoming Environments for Aging conference.
nommin on some tea and special k...sadly, my fruit supply has diminished
we can probably get you right back the way you were. I don't want to step on your uncles toes tho! We've got awesome tools!
Im at jordans
lawd, come chill tomorrow
aint noone got shit on the cupcakes i made, i mean paid my lil sis to make! lol i frosted them white with some sprinkles LOL !
corn muffins for Chili and soups!
I have stomach ache ahh
haha yeah, it was silly :)
Justin Bieber is amazing, and just living his dream.. So don't say you want him to die just because you don't like him
"With respect, we're letting ourself into your house to take your tv. But we'll fix it up & you can come over and watch it!"
Thanks for telling us about how you are celebrating Jazz Appreciation Month
I apologize to for my #obesity rant- it irks me like Jose Conseco irks her.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself
I Got a Free Ping Pong Racket - ping pong paddle butterfly
James Schuyler, Selected Poems
I'm toasting this tweet tonight! Luv You Obee!!!!!!!!!!
Now this is cool: I just got an invite to be a guest at an upcoming Wizard World Comic Con! Now to decide which one ...
that's what I'm gonna do . Let's go Portugal ;)
If u miss #BESTOFTHEBEST comedy show
I need some good sex
Seth put Benydryl in my drink...sabotage. Lots of Benydryl.. going a sleep a hallway...NY club..Seth you little.....
I'm such a nostalgia junkie. Just signed up for !
they make life worth loving!!
Enlighten us.
is that a Nielsen stat?
nights like these make me wonder why we even question it .
drink the Starbucks now and the energy drink at lunch. Brilliant(: TY!
When ESPN guys talk more about TWEETS than SPORTS, it's time to hang up the jockstrap!
IM NOT LIVING RIGHT IF UR NOT BY MY SIDE!
rub my head! :D pet me like a dog! lmfao
ryan can youu please follow me ? :DD
were you or brittany on the dr phill show in the audience? Thought I saw you...
she is just like her mother:-)
ohmigod "song poems"
xD RT #Leo's are so hot they turn themselves on.
The sound of the raindrops on my skylight is very comforting.
Friends, is playing tonight at Go to there.
i think i mite bring hoe ass (:
Follow our new account , and you'll be entered to win a brand new Roomba 530 ($299.99). Follow us by 6.21.09 to be entered!
They are the HUGEST regret and waste of time I ever spent in my life >.>
I want a dog so badly too, but my cat would have none of it.
Appalachia has lost its mountain tops: See 3/3
Seeing the same close-minded #SXSW first world, upper-middle class presumption that everyone has a smartphone.
The New York Mega Millions Lottery Jackpot is now at $540 MILLION Dollars. What would you with $540 Million Dollars?
they do when they go against Sonia Gandhi.
Haha! BTW I'll be ordering more slather!!! Love that stuff!
RT : It’s #FF, You Should Be Following:
Early markers of toxic excess is mild intestinal discomfort-including cramps, flatulence, gas & bloating.
RT : People hate on happiness, period.”
I am looking for candidates to perform free Health and Wellness Assesments on, please let me know if you would be interested!
I feel the only benefit of suffering is being better equipped to help others with theirs. Can't wait to exchange hugs. HNY <3
i have back sweat and kind of feel icky.
Can you ask Mitch McConnell if this is good? RT MSNBC graphic. From Jan 09 to Feb 2012 the public sector has lost 584,000 jobs
Did you know? May is National Hepatitis Awareness month -- and >65% of people infected don't know! Get tested May 19! (official testing day)
Calling it a day and letting everyone know that Tango Tuesdays and S.I.N. Night are cancelled next week. They'll resume the following week!
Art of Design event tonight! from 8-12am live ice sculpting, welding, massive Old Milly and PBR cans being painted! Beer,food!
Follow for updates from the game. #Badgers vs.
People are driving like fuckin idiots today
well played, my dear. WELL PLAYED.
Excited about adaptive payments (preapproved + chained) announced by PayPal at
I find the smug look of David Stern off putting. Isn't it about time for a change of direction in personnel for the NBA?
I think Brian McKnights rap name should be Dr. Showoff
I wonder where that dream cam from haha.
Santorum winner in North Dakota, Romney projected winner in Idaho. Ohio still too close to call
Heading to the red carpet.
I have not yet! But thank you so so so so so much bea!!
Well thanks for taking the public embarrassment. :) ps we made you a bttm lol
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts. Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The day the titties stood still ;D
Hello Marketing team.
And anything is better than Tebow.
Her status said [NoLamez]...bt he didn't get the message....
You know the feeling when you really wanna say to someone.... And then the relief when you actually do it
That's the thing, Artest is stonecold CRAZY. Who does OKC have that can rock with him?
very..have you seen the whole thing?
don't:) it happens to everyone<3
Can I visit and test drive an R8? I #WantAnR8 and would like to test drive this week.
A single man can and will kiss as many as possible. Come on it's New Years!
Who else out there feels really great about their cracked I phone?
You guys dropped the ball at WonderCon. Get the merch out before opening! Come on now.
jatlin <3 cause they are REAL
The inconsistency in his rulings are inexplicable. Like it says in the article, seems like he's throwing at a dart board...
Thin-skinned.
Until Big Play RAY can practice...
it was fun!!! my hair and make up looked great! :)
WE killed the 5 on 3!!! Quick that was amazing :)) Great D too!!!!
I had a surge in creativity. Sorry to fill your inbox :)
OK. Thank you!
I'm about to pay y'all in pizza slices for y'all trading advice lol
glad you loved it :)
I feel like korn is in the house!!!! Awesome!!!
Spurs vs Clips! Lesssgoooo!!
next year maybe we'll try the bnf approach and bring everyone up on the stage at once! :)
lets go lol jk well it was nice talking to you cutie:)
Shout out to my network - Booyah is hiring! Check out some of these positions and get ahold of me or pass on to your friends and colleague…
Thanks, and happy Friday to you, too!
I hear he keeps da beast well groomed me likey lol
Why is it that the cat always wants to cuddle into the guy (me) who is allergic to it? Inquiring minds want to know.
Austin's mom "security said there was over a thousand people there" Austin "who's telling the story here?"
thanks Adam, we cant seem to find enough people. Its an odd problem
For Thirsty Thursday you should try out the new
4G a ma'fucka works quick but drain the battery bout time you take it off the charger
bonus points for your "location" ! and thanks for the follow!
I think more glorifying than The Avengers movie itself, is knowing which movies put those actors on the map. Great cast. Reap that reward
See, you can't hate till you participate.
Happy Birthday to !
I guess my dog think im in the bed too early. he got too much energy.
RT : Not so keen on that hash tag. The kind of joke that gets you locked up or deported or both!//#blackoutkorea still lives,so...
Good Afternoon World!
I believe that you will outlive the pain in your heart.
I got Wisconsin losing to OSU in the elite 8 so I'm in trouble if that upset occurs
Oh crap! Now I got Cyndi Lauper's song "The Goonies 'R' Good Enough" in my head. So freakin' pop and nostalgic.
Probably meant holodecks, developers like to hang out there sometimes.
Being a real man, doesn't mean you f**k 100 girls. being a real man means you stay with 1 girl, even when 99 others are chasing you
2nd day of Early Voting.... Punch #21!
Yes ma'am!! That's exactly what I'm talking about.
It is called Everything Cast Iron Cookbook and is about $11 on Amazon. Chapter 1 are recipes for a new skillet. :)
My brother is a good person, and everyone should know that. And if you don't your life sucks 
we at the house
It's not that I'm a nihilist, it's just that I believe human existence has no objective meaning, purpose, or intrinsic value.
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET we have a program to fit you!!
RT !!!!!!!!  “: People could say whatever they want about me, I'm still going to be fierce and fabulous 💁”
Yo I ain't sat and looked thru my TL in a good Lil minute.. I'm fuckin up...
tl is boring, i need to follow new people.
haha I wish I'm only 16! But it is my golden birthday tomorrow! 17 on the 17th😄
Two strangers completely made my day today. Random acts of kindness. ❤
Thanks for the RT !
Whats good my man!! good to meet you at the Music Video Premiere!!
I can't believe how fast this year is going by.
North Carolina please Vote NO
Robert Algieri: best way for lawyer to improve your personal brand? Smile on your website bio photo!
I can do whatever you want. <3
though, to be fair, they didn't look _that_ much like beating us either. Unlucky today, but lucky at DC and CHV so...
my stomach is ready WoOWOwoWOWo
cool. email me at and i'll send you the information. let me know when you email me so I can check it.
What about the other 5*?
Still got lots to do and the day doesnt end until it's AL done!
I cant admit it out loud because ive spent so long convincing myself that it doesnt exist.
That horrible moment when your contact decides to help out the back of your eye and not come back.
We have some of the best fans ever. #TeamOtenki you all rock! - Enoma aka
RT : #ff The Chicago Jazz Festival is on twitter!! Follow along for all the latest jazz fest info!
Kill me dead, I feel like an overblown balloon with a little bit of water inside. Fucydhvufjf
Orange roughy can live up to 120 years. Most caught are juveniles. Give 'em a break, get something else for dinner.
cleaning my closet to unpack and i didn't realize how much i missed my clothes!!! <3 <3 <3
Happy birthday to the sexiest person I know
I want a man that will treat me good.
Found a pack of skittles!!? ( ) time for a COOLMORNING 2 replay!!! It's gonna be sweet and hilarious! #yeee !!
Who wants 25% off food and drinks? You do. Come to the Copabanana @ 3rd & South tonight between 6-10. I'm guest bartending.
thanks! Ill check it out!!!
should i tell him i like him? or should i just keep it to my-self?
hell yeah!!!
I wanna train in New Mexico because of the high altitude at Greg Jacksons MMA or in Cali
But different lucky #'s. Not real sentences.
It's dripping with so much male privilege that it almost makes me nauseous. And I'm a man.
Sort of. I'm helping with NASA's social media efforts, but I'm still doing my job at , too.
Nah id wait til it come out on dvd. It freaked me out more than pranormal but story lost me!
Thanksgiving planning can be stressful, nice of you to include your dog too. What kind of sweater do you think you'll get?
i am loving the fact this is my first tweet thought i would dip my feet in the waters
I like your whisle you should send it via Bluetooth
are now playing live on at SXSW
Cohen: Derrida avoids cinema because a citational structure of the image is already monstrous, the mechanical reproduction culture of [+]
hahaha hi BILLY
yes! forgotten about AGAIN!
Thanks for being Dianely's fans!
I can screen print anything you need including oversized and all over. Just let me know your budget and I can work with you
The poet Se7en spit some real at the church this morning... Wish I woulda got it on video
I need to motivate myself to loose weight
sick as ballz
I am seriously contemplating getting that half-off Amz Prime membership now. I read a lot, and library K-offerings have long waiting lists..
watching kanye's #runaway. brilliant!
why dont you take a picture and post it on fn awesomeness dot com backslash we rule!
Thanks I'll see if my friends need any extras.
where are you hosting the next presentation?
Am I the only one who thinks TLR is somehow behind this?
Holycrap! Was selected to audition for in Austin. Nerves kicked in just selecting my time slot. Hope I can make it through!
Had a BLAST at last night's Buds Bash!! Thank you to all who came. The discussions were inspiring for a greener environment!
save me!
lol, are you thinking of going to pep?
Only a few rooms left this weekend!! Call now to reserve yours, ask about packages!! 2 adult 2 kids tickets !! 317-578-1200
Dick Clark is going on my dead list
O interesting. Glad someone's writing abt too. We've a lot to talk about at whatever conference we're both at next
This town has way to many bitches.
I'm reading and meditating a bit. I'm beginning to feel more serious about it but it's a long journey I have to take seriouslol
Haha!! Thanks man! I appreciate it.
: I love that I'm #firepants just because of that one time! Maybe I'll bring em back. Maybe.
looking for something in my tax book and LITERALLY opened up to the exact page. Strange
No matter how much of a learning process becomes mundane an monotonous.
Possible album ofthe year contenders... , horrible crowes , , or F**ked up. yours?
CAN I GET YOU TO FOLLOW MEE ?
Pls 4low me when u get a chance. U'll b happy u did due 2 a Feature Film Bidness Proposal 2 STAR
Whatever creativity is, it is in part a solution to a problem. - Brian Aldiss
Really want a cigarette right now but I refuse to do it! #badhabit #notworthit just going to try and sleep!
LOLOL. Three years of Italian finally came in handy 'cause I actually understood what tweeted. :D
RT : [Denver News] Denver man pleads guilty to kidnapping hikers near Nederland: BOULDER — A 44-year-old Denver man p......
Start your Monday off right with 1/2 off slices of Red Velvet Cake! Only $1.50! Hurry while it lasts!
wanted everyone to see my black stiletto's and be jel
Bummer, I wanted to hear more about the exhibit. Join us next time!
Black Friday Specials! Check out www.ruthlesscultureclothing.com FREE SHIPPING
Thank you for the follow. Maybe someone would be interested in creating something about in it's inaugural year?
I love my mom a lot & I'm thankful for her .
. Congrats, that's terrific!
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh! giants won the super bowl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#Avengers Assemble!
You're a true, Inspiration. <3, Shine bright .(:
Hey everyone! Great to be on twitter!
I can't take all this studying anymore. 3 more fucken days!!
A lot of comments for support. Many concerns about traffic flow in area proposed for mosque in Brookfield .
I'll take 'pinched nerve' for 500, please, Alex.
It's so nice to run a report in which all the errors belong to other campuses, but not my own. If only I could keep my kitchen this clean.
Cool. Thanks for the info!
I swear if the packers got rid of Chad Clifton I will shit my pants. In te negative sense
Duly noted. Thanks.
#rejectedpromthemes Your Mom and Dad's Favorite Music
I just got back from Vaca to see that you sent me a DM about a lamp but now my DM is missing! Call me at the store - 412.630.8001
i love fannypak:-)
Happy Leap Day. Go ahead. Take the day off with pay. Tell the boss we said it was ok.
girlfriEND,boyfriEND,friEND. It All Has a END, but noy famILY<3
Going to the Aquarium!
S/O to the one and only for being my one and only... Love ya!!
Thanks Guy - Appreciate the kind words
i dont have school tomorrow its a holiday good friday
Off to work, wishing everyone a great day! BBL.
“: dont sweat the negative people in your life.. time to cut them out of your way...”
You overreacting little attention seeking whore. I think That goes for both of us?
Nothing rader than hearing personal info like former & about to be laid off employees info by your D-bag boss!
is waiting so jealous!
lol ohh do u think u need one cuz thats all that.matters
don't most nouns that pluralize by changing a vowel (goose, mouse, foot, etc) go back to proto-Germanic, or am I misremembering?
All week a $10 or more purchase, gets you a $10 off card from one of the indianapolis dining cards eateries! See you soon
oh god i screamed when i saw austin ! Your trying to kill me or something ?lol
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 3: “Use a strongly visual story. “
settled on lowe's giftcard prequeled by an ecard for mother's day. it says, 'i love you, but i am also lazy, and you can't yell at me'
Maybe it's a hickey?
With all these great resources, is it too early to start a Christmas wish list?
my friend nd jenna went :)
Good luck :)
“: In other news, Nathan is hilarious hahah ”
Australia: basically America, but British.
Just learned that #Yourfavoritemartian songs are on iTunes.... Im going broke I swear
Back to working on a #genealogy brick wall that has stumped me for years. I'll tackle this guy's mystery yet!
Joshua is like my twin, my niggah
what you mean honey?something bad happened to you
Money team, yo!
I'm feeling really good since I've been going. The trainer is kicking my as!!!
Me &&* Brother makin french fries (; they are pretty BOMB if i must say ..
My vote goes to the candidate who can improve the Gross National Happiness.
RT WOW Laury.!.. #NASCAR will never be the same! A Checkered Flag Event-Your Vegas Dining Book & Racing! A Winning Combo!! :)
'This user does not exist' :/
Felicia will be available at the TN SHOW to CLINIC/COACH so get with her if you need assistance.
could learn a lot about advocacy from
hey sorry fell asleep just now,feel really bad now :( just wanted to wish you all the best for exam,goodluck :) xx
I love the taste of your blood baby...♥
I could have got ya. Working from Waukesha tmrw. What's your shift?
Is that the one who got married? Is he happy so far?
totally posterized that guy. what a dunk.
Are we not formed, as notes of music are, For one another, though dissimilar? ~Percy Bysshe Shelley
My #puppy sucks on my blanket. Too cute
When you give advice, and others don't listen and turns out you were right.
Learning priceless stories. How "lickity brindle up the middle" originated! His thoughts on the "dirtiest" player he ever saw.
I want a warm, scrumptious delectable 100% angus beef burger rite about now
Following certain people on twitter makes me even more confused than my own tweets.
I know weather can be serious, but the CBS Cincinnati weather holding a filibuster...
:) Thanks for the RT!
all good though. Thanks for checking sis
Hotel engineering dispatched to fix the lack of power on the strips in the front of IB Center at
Change the game forever.
I will be unavailable and unreachable at 8pm tonight
Damn I'm in the mood for some Tasty Taxi.
Greg Notess: "librarians are a little different than other people."
Just landed at La Guardia airport in NY
Reliving the donut stick ordeal of 1995 to roommate, as yet unresolved.
ALERT: RT : : USC students think listeria outbreak in cantaloupe may be just another outbreak like E.Coli
you hipster
#PawneeRangers episode of #Parks&Recreation is now 1 of my fav! #mradamscott dressed as Batman crying. Doesn't get better than that.Awesome!
Hi Libchat, I'm Monique, a tech specialist at an academic library.
Once again, it became known that the doping test failed Ar-Truf, according to some rumors, he was smoking grass
If u grew up on Raman Noodles retweet!!!
Guess i'll stay in and watch Hatchet!
wake up
I think the only thing you have to worry about and real question is: do your cats understand that?
Great to see the sun. Feels like the first day of an arab spring!
lucky bastard
Thanks for the follow Loraine "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
BAD CREDIT,SLOW CREDIT,NO CREDIT OR BANKRUPTCY,WHATEVER YOUR CREDIT SITUATION IS,WE HAVE APPROVE EVERYONE,
Oh for heaven's sake! The Word Press spell checker changed constructivist to constructionist!!!
Keith Haring exhibit at the Brooklyn museum was good. Chicken and waffles after the museum was even better
ah, thanks for letting me know. still wise words though!
what's your secret?
When you've hit the wall, that last 15 min at work can feel like an eternity. I've had 15 min to go for the last 2 hrs.
it hurts to be perfect?
My uncle used to tap us on the head as kids and say, " And a Boing for you!" We loved it.
Haha! Those things are smarter than we realize :)
Let go of the Old things so God can send you the New!
was great to see u, thanks for coming !
I know they're all jerks.... and you don't know who he is?!;O
I've decided to comment on the article (compromise?). Maybe I'll tweet my findings.
I never said the game was going to be close, just that Ok St. will get in over Bama
this is a sickening joke that you play with my emotions, so i pray you burn in hell & never find the ocean .
The Akward moment when you though you see at the zoo but it wasn't him it was a look alike I had to take another look :)
Ghost writers in the sky.
I still hate wearing these retainers. 😒
True story: I was at a small zoo out here today and told another mom the same thing.
Our waffles are made with love and care and beauty, plus normal foodstuffs.
I've never pretended to have discerning taste in music...Exhibit A: my itunes library. So Selena may be the gal for me!
Goodnight Planet Earth
More events on The Trail: Food and Wine Pairings at 3 Fox Vineyards; Wine Camp at Veramar Vineyard; Music by Ken Wenzel at Lost Creek Winery
hahaha that was hilarious
It's truly hard to believe that Justin is turning 18 in just less then 2 hours I'm just like wow omg he just grew up so fast like the rest
Just making sure that you received the case studies I sent you, were they what you were looking for?
Bump & grind
"What happens in Vegas..."
nope cause Robert looks like old sucker.
MY FAV WAS JASON AND SAMS WEDDING AWESOME
I'll sleep when I'm dead!!... and when I'm tired, because I want to have enough energy to enjoy life here on earth!
If I could get a S/O from that would make my daayy :))
ps that's me in the Crawford jersey
RT Pasadena Playhouse's new season: 'Sleepless in Seattle'
This is why I never look back at old tweets on my personal account. RT : just realized how boring I am. I'm old and boring.
yes, it's pretty spot on! because, who actually leaves danny's w/o making out with someone?
How about you?
this is always true... and true to all circumstances.. the "self" is always our best foe....
haha i call everyone tht. and same here lol. my mom is big on bollywood!
I just want to be happy.
Congratulations to the students that are #graduating today!
I hate it when that happens!!!
Alright, its time to pull Nova now...
Follow back?
Heading to Chiyu Sushi tonight in Mt Washington-hopin the downtown traffic/83s is worth it!
My cat turns 18 next month, meaning....now, she has to register to vote. And for selective service.
totally agree! RT : I think many of us have had ineffective exp w grammar as students
Ugh, I woke up late.
Okay, is there something you'd like me to actually do...or should I just continue to sign up for things?
Yeah, but this isn't a good thing. RT : Each of the last 12 and 18 of the last 22 runs by the #Mariners have come via the home run.
Since both of my teams are out early, (AS USUAL), I'm rooting for my favorite player Kobe Bean to get his 6th this year
accessibility to opportunity for all must be available to all if we plan on sustaining ourselves into a healthy future of prosperity
Legendary house DJ will be tonight. Care to join?
The sign is in the yard. Let's sell this house!
RT : Love is holy because it is like grace—the worthiness of its object never matters. -Marilynne Robinson, Gilead.
Morning all!! From all of us here on the iCBallers staff, we hope you have a day full of unexpected greatness & positive opportunities!
No shoes, no shirt; and i still get service.<3
Hello Drew Brees! Another proud Purdue graduate! Nice work!!
Mike Brown is a defensive-minded coach whose team has shitty defense, and an "always prepared" coach whose team is never prepared.
I think I still have to start a fire while being interviewed by to get that badge.
#RocRoyal you can bring yo friends and i can bring my friends let the party begin, begin
Happy easter
silverlake farmers market now till 2!!
I didn't realize the fresh prince played for Wisconsin...
Not his second AB...
Mya Hatchette lawyer from Winderweedle, Haines, Ward & Woodman, PA in Orlando deliberately filed my case in a far away wrong Court 2abuse me
NATHALIE ROMAN. If you are reading this, let me know. You changed your username.
will be releasing updates to the Bonamour pre-launch web site today, stay tuned.....
Coming up soon! NS Live with Richard Reed Parry (of ), , on Wed. 2/8, 7:30PM at
why are you always sick tabby! Did I stay home from work??
for my art, I know what you mean. I know you'll make it big :)
"Let us boldly approach the throne of our gracious God, where we may receive mercy and his grace to find timely help." Heb. 4:16
thanks Frank u da man!
A thing or two amiss wouldn't let the party stop, but your failed glance puts it out completely
Surly Abrasive is available online and in-store...
whats good wit it boy follow the shop back
thank for the retweets, have an awesome Sunday~
is the man!!
Happy Mama's day to all the lovely selfless caring dedicated moms out there!!
Students: Goal for 2morrow is get gradebook completely updated. Look for (hopefully positive) changes to your grade by 2morrow PM.
Justin: she's beautiful Ryan: she has pretty eyes Chaz: and a nice smile Kenny: she's sweet. Justin: and she's reading this now." ♥
I second that. His head is messed
": BEST PICK UP LINE: Hey, does this rag smell like chloroform to you?"
The inhabitants of this northern clime are distinguished from those that dwell in southern lands by having a national dress (1850)
I'm more excited about "Rock of Ages" than any other movie this summer. Yeah, I'm that girl.
Samsung Galaxy S I possibly revealed in leaked images
Thats awesome. Where are you at?
Happy Easter everyone!
Beautifully written
Haha yeaa a lunch is early
no, cause theres no one in the house lol no reason to lol
Got that supersoaker. Pussy pop like cola coka. Plus its tighter than a choker. Got you smiling like the Joker ;)
Thank goodness both Seders are over. Didn't overdo it on the matzo, but I also don't want to see food again for about a month!
Good luck
Great men are rarely isolated mountain peaks; they are the summits of ranges
Looks aren't everything
Go U.S. women soccer team!!! Beat Japan on Sunday!
Its Wednesday :)! That means I have late start and early release at school today! But I'm stating to finish a test. But I'm gonee :)!
I love Rubicon! I missed the past two episodes. Plan on watching them on-demand this week :)
Cheese, cheese, cheese, tomatoes, cheese, basil, garlic, thyme, cheese, sour dough, rye, pickles, pretzels, crackers & cheese. & wine.
I've seen that cartoon once and really liked it. What, when, where is the feast?
U go through those times when u feel like ur done with life.... Then.... Someone comes along and shows you that they are what was missing
Thanks for checking. It would be awesome if you guys had an old set of equipment.
Boozy-mocha-a-go! Thanks for stopping in!
Eating the last of my NYC bagels...
Debating selling a ton of my size Medium shirts..
What flavor did U get? I want. RT : I always think of whenever I get Tasti :)
I was wrong - Pocket did save the bookmark, but it says I should retry.
Gaby charged in hard. He was over the ball when Buck was still making his way to it. He had the play and hesitated.
& on top of it i have to babysit
Khan himself is even starting his own school to address some the admitted limitations of his videos.
Dr. Bill Sysak () will be speaking at Beer-Con. Register and listen!
I guess we agree to disagree... If you follow regularly on the #backchannel you will find upbeat news, events and conversation!
Just ate a shit load of fried chicken
On a scale from 1-10, you're a 9 and I'm the 1 you need..
(I bought the first one - and absolutely love it - but that's not quite enough to fill an hour long interview...)
Guess what happens when you have a vivid dream that you're taking a piss.
let's get a crew to go chill in Sam's car hahah
No that wasn't. I couldn't make it back on to post it. So two today!
After 5 days, I've almost recovered from doing pull-ups. Time to do pull-ups again!
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen
I should probs tweet more
is fighting over the electric stapler.
Inspiration can come from the most unlikely of places
oh my gosh! I have been to that French tree chapel... years ago! Good memories. Thanks for the reminder!
Love Google's #StPatricksDay logo - pretty sure they know I am looking at it from PST where its still March 16th though :-)??
we might have new speakers in our neighborhood now "we upgrading?"
Precious in my pants!
Looks at alls my followerss.. thanks y'all
keep calm and carry on. Dawn victor in full effect now!!!
Thanks Ray. Have a good weekend. :)
#Green, A Hard Day's Knight. John Taylor of the Nightside becomes Walker, finds Excalibur, meets King Arthur. & Mab, Oberon & Titania, oh my
hope u had a good xmas, sit up!
Weird, people who listen to you, only to escape from the the shitty main stream news, don't want to hear that stuff? WTF!?
The best part about me having all these weird dreams and shit is that they normally translate into something more. Something bigger.
okey dokey talk soon I know you r patient
"Each day, you must rise with a restless enthusiasm. If you don’t, you are working."
There is never enough time to do everything grrr
Glad you like our names!! RT : And their storage system is called Corral...
Its Nice Outside;)
We should just # & @ mention the shit out of each other for one day, just to see if we'd start to trend. That would show em!
Hey, thanks for the mention! We're flattered! Let us know if you have any questions, we'd love to help! :)
Can I be Frank with you? No? I wanna name change so I can go incognito. ~ Lisa Morgan
no lie-ee-i-ee-i
I hate when mom ask stupid questions and when I give a stupid answer she gets pissed
Thank you $10k donation this morning! Now at $24k... $6k to 30% hurdle!
Really enjoyed the AMT crusader tonight! Stay blessed and be safe everyone. Calling it a night...LOVE YOU ALL!!!
just in case I forget, happy 30th buddy, welcome to the old man club. :)
it's a community of dope musicians/artists basically. A way to share ideas and progress together.
Fact of the day: You don't have to go to church on Ash Wednesday, its not a Holy Day of Obligation
Wow surprisingly my mother didn't yell at me...let's hope edlines not bad tonight 🙏
u the man! After all these years still doing ur thing!
Urgh, spam Dms need to leave.
“Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.”
Haha , I'm pretty for real so don't ask me ; for real ? - nah dude , for fake -.- Dumb
Try tonight's special: The Mario-Gherita Pizza! Fresh mozzarella, vine ripened tomatoes, garden picked basil & house tomato sauce. Only $5!
I really need to find the on/off switch for my mind cause this not being able to fall asleep stuff is becoming an epidemic.
Study: Less Smog In Baltimore-Washington Area But Other Types Of Pollution Are High
#LasVegas area residents should #text GAVISH to 90210 for #RealEstate info from Gavish Real Estate. Do you want a similar program?
So um I planned a trip to Canada & I'm going with paola :') gr8 <3
A Reminder that Hayao Miyazaki Isn't the Only Director at Studio Ghibli: In the United States the studio is best known for the films ...
Trying not to panic - I can't find my Aussie power adaptor and I need it for my hair straightener... crap
Never thought i would look forward to a game between the Heat and the Clippers
Want to know if you guys received my direct message as requested for the TM prize win? When will we here from Sony? Thanks again.
Though you are disappointed is hope; never let hope fail you! Though one door is shut, there are thousands still open to you.
Need a neww bio!! I need help!
Definitely do it. I'm going to see if I can pull off getting to the show in one of the cities, but I'm not sure yet.
The best man is he who most tries to perfect himself, and the happiest man is he who most feels that he is perfecting himself.
Good luck to everyone doing their SP today!!!
That'll work. He hasn't lived till he tries parking on Farwell Ave. though.
LeBron & D-Wade are really going to have to get Mario Chalmers involved in the 2nd half if Kansas is going to come back in this one.
Who is excited for the new Greene Turtle?? We can't wait to open up and party hard! Can I get a RT?
Do you PIN on Pinterest? We do!!! Search GAP State Street to follow our pins... we would love to follow yours as well!
ESPN Pre-Draft party tomorrow night??
New addition to the terrible rapper bio files:.... "Bio: I'm just trying to be you're favorite rapper."
great to hear from you!
And when you're gone, living you own life, making new memories and meeting new people, I hope you remember me.
If I worked on a restaurant on Valentines Day, I would put a fake engagement ring in every girl's drink.
thanks for the great show at the Reading Comedy Outlet. We love you!
terrell suggs' injury will definitely force roger goodell to consider what the NFL does to prepare players for offseason pickup basketball
Join Las hermanas TONIGHT: Health & Minority Youth at 6:30PM in Marvin Center 402!!!
Really? Did you erase last year from your memory?
Too tired.
Love is a temporary madness.
Winner winner chicken dinner!
Peter Crouch already sent off! Sorry Tottenham, this isn't going to end well.
BTW, that is us-19W towards Johnson City. It turns into i-181 after JC and will run into I-81. N on Hwy 19
Never a hater always a motivator
Tony Parker pushes off a lot
At this meeting atlanta tryna pitch for radio play
Girls like we do nice stuff to them, sweet and shit. We'll guess what guys like that there girls do also .
Looking at freshman pictures. God, I was so wonderfully awkward.
I just followed today so permit me to say Happy Belated Birthday!
RT : ..focus is education, distance learning or career development, follow HIMSS' She's tweeting live at
Congrats! May your experience by as awesome as mine was!! Have fun!
im muscular.... there jus small becuz im skinny -__-
glad you like the new Shack!
If you're a bird, I'm a bird.
Sorry, Laura. Hope you can find something else fun to entertain your guests.
The cherry tomatoes in my salad (From QFC) are less than fresh. But I already put dressing on so I'm past the point of return. Wish me luck.
sweet got next Wednesday off work! To the Davis Arena for a great night!
Do you suppose the fact that people perceive that Romney stands for nothing except lower taxes on the super rich will hurt him in the GE?
yes n there soo sexy right??
Welcome Scott! What brings you to San Francisco?
Yea! Great to hear, thanks for coming out! RT : Fun 80s party last night - will be back! :-)
When your cousins jocks your shit!
I better see in the Cannon caucus room at some point today
Any plans to offer night or weekend classes?
#bro I stay hye
I don't hate you but I just wanna save you while there's something left to save, whoa whoa
thought you'd like that ;)
are you going to respond?
Salute to the following: for staying this the game PLUR
Grave Goods - Ariana Franklin
Autopia at night is the best.. Even though I cant drive and the cars keep dying :P
Wish I could read Paul ryan's mind while he listens to obama's #SOTU talk
You always make me feel relieved. It's a gift, you have.
I stayed at a really nice, really fancy hotel this weekend. The towels were so thick I could hardly get my suitcase shut.
hi, how are you doing Eliza? ⚽
Hi Mandy, Thanks very much for the follow, cheers Stuart
Stoked for #Alcatraz tonight! Such a great show!
just read your take on the movie. Come take a look at what I'm working on at www.iNeverSayNever.com
Come catch us tomorrow in TOLEDO, OH at @ Headliners. We play the main stage at 12pm. Don't miss it!
Great day to be a Kentucky Fan!!!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime He-Man :-) :-) :-)
Sadly I don't have the gym all to myself as I thought I would
Do you have skin care questions you have always wanted to ask an expert dermatologist? Shoot 'em at me!
Twitter is just always fun .
fuck u im doin jus fine without u now u c u made a big mistake so save it im moving on
Thanks, I'll take a look at it.
Driving and shop Tmr!.
true self.
Did a story on a cat today that made it's way to Madison from Webster, Minnesota under the hood of a car! Amazingly it wasn't hurt.
I'm gonna get yelled at for being so lazy, oh well
Beautiful day in minneapolis
One day I hope you look back at what we had, and regret every single thing you did to let it end.
That's putting it mildly. I couldn't believe he was a contender. Political memory is short.
the day he follows me, i'm going to make a cake like that:P
we are BEYOND in love :)
You Are One Of Kind Girl 4-3-12:)
Trayvon Martin Limited Edition Skittles bag o.0
GM twitter world C
"TIME IS A TERRIBLE THING TO WASTE" Aspiring models 4 work send us an email for further info
attending a Lions meeting on Wed. evening. Plan on promoting Bauble. It's a perfect fit!
ill be there at 7:30. You ll get to meet my husband and parents.
but they are playing the Devils now? I feel like their time to celebrate a quarterfinal victory against us is far than over.
Or MySpace?
Good Morning #Hou. What a nice way to wake up.
The rumbling is upon us in Center Line/Warren.
nun how you been?
Hunger Games >>> everything EXCEPT
I'm nuts about handbags!
He is trying to rename me..and it's not working!!
You should only be able to "tweet" from experience!!
You're most welcome !
There are too many words to express how I'm feeling right now. Drawing it out.
m, sounds like we'll have to add it to the list of yummy things to make when I visit... next to fried rice :)
Taylor Swift is getting on my nerves!
You just got #YOLO ed
FA cup started and I'm not sure who I would like to win. Both teams have players that have issues with people that are not white.
LMFAO how awkward, my bffl tweeted that.
Me: So, did you play a lot of WoW in high school? Him: Hell no. I got laid a lot in high school.
Contrary to the opinion of many people, leaders are not born. Leaders are made, and they are made by effort and hard work. Vince Lombardi
Me and my bro are getting distant from each other. He doesn't know it tho.
halloween plans ppl?
having a numb mouth >>>>
38% of people comparison shop online.
do you believe in taxation without representation? Mmj?
Shit got real 😳
Still not sure whether I should keep this gray hair and look old or pluck it and look bald.
The grass is always greener on the other side, but it still needs to be mowed.
Thanks for the follow Frida...going to have any gluten-free offerings?
I'd expect more after 30+ month relationship than grabbing $40 bucks, slapping me in the face & suggesting I keep paying you
Great quote from Matt Dernoga: "The only jobs plastic bags are generating in our county are government jobs picking them up"
#baddjnames dj scratch n sniff
I'm doing well. Keeping busy. Where are you these days?
It's been a long dayy,
Thanks. I will track it down using my 'research skills' (i.e. will google it).
That's what I was thinking too! thanks :-)
my father-in-law just killed a black widow spider where I was sitting just an hour earlier.
HahahaRT : I'm in the studio holding a new born baby as I do my drops for The #HotInCleveland Mixtape and we're both HOLLIN!!!!
Hearing my sister yell "I am an adult!" to her child leads me to believe otherwise..
Good Morning! Next holiday is New Years and our Anniversary! We were married on the stroke of Midnight on the Millennium on Capital steps!
I'll have to read that one. What was your take on it?
"Love stinks yeah yeah"
What is it to be In LOVE with the one? Is there really a "one"???
Updated Logo and Cover Photo I will be use that for my videos from now on -ProtoSkar
Wearing a fake mustache in class tonight...classy, professional, and absolutely academic. FUN
oh, aqualung
Umm, a lot of people say I'm weird. So everytime I'm around those people I'll talk about blood/death things to freak them out
: #Romney can't wait to be able to use the #Bully Pulpit.
