Can my need for Diet Pepsi overcome my revulsion at drinking it warm? Yes. Yes it can.
Of course my horse/pony! Thanks for the camera fellas, safe travels!
great read. But then I knew the facts already. Nice to c people who care about facts 1st n not their ideals despite the facts.
Yeah, problem is they're human and like no other sport seem to get influenced by the crowd/coaches/players too much
Lehrer: Honest mistakes in journalism are OK. Political mistakes are not.
yeah add me to your twitter
So much wedding planning info out there! If people's insane energy could be redirected to something more useful... Cure cancer?
how do we get a new mod? at least rfranke727 is holding it down...
Great sixth inning
2008 Grabber Orange mustang gt :D
Saturday, Center, in Green Bay lol
Happy New Year from
#YoungNTruthful #SelfMade aint even gotta say nothin, you already know what it is.
Happy Purple Friday #Baltimore! Show us the Purple!!!
Well I'll be a jack spiffy on a horn toad! Burt Odelsen, the lawyer challenging Rahm's residency, works for James Meeks!
": Caught up on ur ex still? I can get you past it."
it's kind of intense writing. Just started tonight. Had to take a breather.
give staff art supplies to re-realize their inspiration abt object in museum&discuss and share personal stories and connections
Final paper done! #boom too bad I didn't finish the other one :/
Treat yourself the same way you'd treat someone who you love & adore :-)
"Tell me the one thing you love more than anything else, and I will tell you the name of your god." ~ Elisha Hale
Thanks to this one person i cant fucking sleep now...
But I know my dad is giving up the TV at 11 so I can watch Friends.
Listening to parts on last.fm. I'm sure you can even find it on YouTube by now.
Paper cuts are a poet's best friend, for they provide you with paper and pain.
Kohl: look at brewers. When they got Miller Park, their team nothing to brag about either.
And auto correct messed up my hash tag so no one is seeing my #ISUSMSymposium tweets lol
Trying to keep a straight face watching this morning. and Life Colors.
Love the pic! Now, Suze are you still running for President in 2012?? You'll straighten up the economy fo sho!
What don't kill you can only make you stronger...
Hope your ski areas are finally getting some snow...look forward to your info...
#almostonemoreweek til Hannah has no more friends! 👍 #sarcasm. I'm dreading the end of summer..... Ugh
cool!!!! Hope you like it in Bangladesh!!
Will the Spurs sweep the Jazz
OMG... My head is banging right now. Too much thinking for one day
Big time excited for Elvis Costello and the Spectacular Spinning Songbook tonight.
Esposito (Phil, that is ...)
#TheMostCommonLies ~starting monday im on a diet
I need a physical
Kindoms of Amalur is an amazingly fun game :D
I will mention it to the Team and see if they want to take a little road trip! Really appreciate all the info.
I still like you - I just don't like when u talk about my Steelers!
i haven't seen many films from people of color, woman and others of diverse backgrounds, so our goal is help the diverse ...
Thanks for the RT last week, Liz! Hope you're off to a great week! :)
Awesome video! It's a must watch, for sure. What day are you guys playing Sasquatch?
Isn't it amazing?! You're entered to win - did you include your ring size anywhere? If not just tweet us back w/ it please :)
Prof. Seberius - moderating panel on start up nation. Mentions 2012 Harvard trip to Israel as "life changing"
healthy sorry dont know what happened there x I had 3crisps,curry and chips, and 4mini rolls today sod healthy x
Its cool I'm on some other shit
About to take a long hot shower lata!
Dear Red Sox. Please don't trade anyone away. I love you all too much. You can trade the big Twizzler necklaces the pitchers wear, though.
Life is passing me by
Chemistry is going to be the death of me!
i love justin bieber
Sometimes happiness is a surprise transfer on your metrocard
- very sad and disturbing.
m que ricoo ☺ I love my tiaa ♥ :D
Following a bus. Looks like a tour bus. Who's in it? I want to look into it.
Oh wow. I can't help but take away the pink and hair and see a stubby-legged dachshund AT-AT. :)
Want to clarify, that is 30% LESS than avg natl salary, not 30% of.
UP WATCHING "HERCULES" (DON'T ASK)
Learned to fly Ripple's tops'l... Woo hoo
I suspect harbors a secret desire to be a rocket ship...
Romo's done for the year. Maybe this could actually help the Cowboys... too soon?
its really good
April fools!
its our obsession too!
When did side ponytails become a thing again? I saw two this morning.
Thanks Everyone 4 all the Shouts! Busy planning a Grad Party & not much #TwitterTime Hope ur day is Bright,Beautiful & filled w Music!
Afa Jr. pins Patriot I with a cross body block.
Awwweeee yeah, hello new pink laptop (;
yes I will throat punch you for not behaving yourself. That is all.
Give us something to believe in, haven't been to the SB in almost 20 years the are in their 2nd in 5. Frustrating..
hater. “: Lol, i'm happy that the cowboys lostt.”
Just flip a coin, and then drink alone.
I'm not going to jump to conclusions...I'm NOT going to jump to conclusions...nope.
What is it gonna take to get you guys to wish me happy birthday? Please. I am begging!
maybe. It can beat rim, sure, but it's not a leader
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I’m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Catch game between Arsenal and Chelsea at Publika in Solaris Dutamas
Cupid, we have to talk about your aim...
We never really grow up, we just learn how to act in public.
Good Morning!
i miss you so much hav any new frds babe?
Lol! It seems to never....
Some one broke into my house last night, it looks like they didn't take anything and there isn't any damage, there are clothes every wher...
loved my fresh brew..lucky to have David on your team #Detroit! contact for cafe
Affordable housing, expenses at City Hall, livability & farmland protection are all big issues in
The reception for The Working Homeless starts at 6. Come and cheek out a multidiscipline discussion about the the social problem!
Oh the things one can do whilst hidden under rented academic regalia.
If only they had cell phones back then... #Madmen : You forgot something, Don.
I’m pretty sure the whole “ladies first” thing was created by a guy that just wanted to check out a girl's ass.
": PS I'm STILL laughing from seeing Bridesmaids two days ago." Gahh so funny - I got the first shift
Aww...really? How sweet.
lets go lakers
So glad to have you all! RT : Parc at #Piedmont residents went to French Bakery for lunch! Delicious!
today is good, along with my music choices
Back in Chi-Town for a 30 hour whirlwind
I'm bout to be mad as fuck
This time next year i will be in California! ;)
God mawnin everyone!
Kevin Durant is on fire!! And the Laker bandwagon is pissed
I GTL'ed today. What the....?
' his daddy house
"if you like pina colada, or getting caught in the rain..if your not into yoga then you have half a brain" </3.
I want some chinese food m now
at least its fixable :)
I won't, I LIVE HERE!!
Its about time the snow got here! my day is made :)
Favorite Primus track?
Just tapped, Interurban IPA (replaces Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA)
me too!
&' If them bishes hatin, it ain't none but a hair flip!
Just held a demo here in Austin showing recent dev work on our ETD management software. New embargo functionality will be in next release!
I felt bad for him after this episode
I know right lol
Thank you! RT : #FF for my Recent Follows
I don't care either, but I just keep thinking about all the $$ he spent on shoes.
Don't be disappointed when she says no.
Tempted to eat an apple. But, being in the audience of a conference, I am overly aware of how loud the crunching may be.
yea you good
i hope she dies
When she wakes up I will
": Where you at? Where you at? have a fantastic week!"RT: Thanks.... What's up sis?
4 hours and 200 mail messages later - the various mailboxes are back to a reasonable level.
Drinking problem? Bronson: "After this accident & seeing...how I've ruined ppl's lives, yes, absolutely. I will never drink another drop."
Nothing like rehearsal for 's with and the rest of the cast to lift one's dreary spirit!
Cannot get over Nancy Grace's use "tot mom" in her reporting of the #caseyanthony verdict. You're not a headline - use correct grammar!
Mayra let's go to CVS after school real quick to buy water or something?
Glad to hear you're sticking around!! Looking forward to seeing you healthy and tearing it up next season!
Perhaps if people could run out of lies.......then maybe they could start telling the truth.
Congrats- to Prince Fielder- MVP of the ALL STAR Game!!
Hope you are better soon.
I'm pissed. It means Kawai Leonard shouldn't have left early,could have played one more year at San Diego State.
They are so AWESOME!! I had so much fun!
Haha! Everyone says that to me. But it's really not my thing. When I'm older, maybe. (;
bringn Brandy to New Hope....bout to get ma buzz on :)
Thanks for sharing your post and thoughts on higher ed federations. I'm going to make it to EDUCAUSE one of these days. :)
Amen RT #toast 2 our success
Texas, you?ツ
Saw Jaimyse Haft in, "The Blue Room" last night at the Pan Andreas Theatre.... Great!
- Hella Craving Nuggets Right now.. $4.99 are you outta yo mind!? =)
Always stay happy everyday :-)
Jeremy Lin is single-handedly saving the NBA this year.
The Bellmen will throwing it down for
One Direction Did GREAT Lastnight. :)
John Hill and George Pruitt – How to Evaluate Systems
Anybody get in on the Groupon IPO?
Kristen's like a twitter ninja assassin. nothing escapes her
Last day of vacation, time for a nap. Expect to see more renewal/cancellation updates when I wake up.
I am spending my Friday evening tearing apart 3/4" U-matic videotapes that broke at the leader and repairing them. It's pretty satisfying.
#shehechat A2: Agree with others that knowing the material cold is key. Allows you to go off on tangents. Can't do that with scripts.
3 hours of sleep. 8 hour shift at Menards. Sweet.
a pager affixed to a wig. twang on the jukebox. a half-empty pack of virginia slim menthol 100's.
Jays vs. Long Beach State on Bracketbuster Saturday!
No way! replied to me and woohoo! :) lol
your tweets make my heart smile! You always brighten my day! Thank you for all that you are and do. <3
the goo is gone! ha!
Good Morning, Toni!
If any more people want to get involved Tweet at me! #ARW #servemarketing RT PLEASE!
Well I'm looking forward to seeing you!
: ARE U KIDDING!! YOU DA MAN..I LOVE it and posted a comment...where is it on the channel but do not see it!!
I missed "Red Lights." Is it screening?
saturday morning -- one day off from exercise! lots of cello today.
Wow. #Boardwalk Empire. Compelling, shocking....just a fantastic finale. Can't wait for S3.
That is an excellent book indeed!
aw i thought i was a dirty talker :/ lol
My favorite accent is the one where uneducated people don't speak.
medium cherry limeade (:
why can't we be friends, why can't we be friends? (:
I'm in San Diego but I wish! RT you loving nyc restaurant week too
RT: What's good ! Uniondale - come visit me today at my tent! Huge signing announced shortly!!
much better than the Blazing Saddles
Damn I been sleep all day
In the studio for the rest of my life (y)
How can I get Twitter to stop offer Arnold Schwarznegger's tweets?
Just came from the gym
Is this you, Miki? You make it remarkably hard to find you. Well, not remarkably, but sufficiently.
At ramshead live waiting fot Marsha Ambroisa to take the stage. Jenna Andrews opened and was awesome
Nothing beats being woken up at ungodly hour by a text to landline message from a wrong number ... Except jetlag. :p
DripSync is the first SaaS solution built for infusion centers by infusion center operators.
“: It's hard to find good friends.”
Hey there.
// I'd rather have the approval of God than of men.
Just saw a plane touch down out my office window near O'Hare International Airport. Hope to fly them again, soon!
Rizzo for Cashner and his dodgy shoulder? Dunno about that....
True Story: A libtard tweeter rudly insisted I refer to Obama as President Obama. I said fine, how does President Jackass work for you?
I know that's right :)
Today I'm rooting for the Wolves. Sorry Brent, but it'll be a sad day around the house if the Wolves get relegated
thanks n yeah it can :)
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that swears non-stop.
If my crack was out then I would feel the breeze
haha! Sounds fun! Perhaps you can give a talk at Twitter sometime.
Should I give him a COOKIE?!
blake says im on the naughty list now for swearing after i burnt myself..lol
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
Oh! Its 5pm! Now my work day can begin!
only really new discovery I found this last year was Vaughn Duffy. Old intern. Friends with Zepaltas too.
So quiet in LA. Get up kids, its the playoffs.
I spy you with my little eye.
Getting contacts tomorrow ! (:
why do u keep tweeting that are u in love with Keith
im n phx bbygirl :) its so nice
I recently rediscovered a record book of every band I saw between ~2003 and 2010. Apparently I saw the J&MC at Coachella 2007. WHO KNEW??
hahahahahaha i was thinking that too
The Great Paranoid is available on Itunes, Amazon, Zune, and many more. Only $7.95!!!
Nearly half of west Virginians opposed the creation of their own state!
FASHIONABLY LOUD!!! Prodigy did one but the favorite is Lit during Spring Break when the dude grinds on Carmen Electra.
May tomorrow be as blessed a day for you too.
well! i'm impressed!your English is so good!
| Excellent! Thanks!
I would like to buy an ammmburgah.
Knew I should have had a
Hm. Clearly this man is the closet-kenyan/marxist my neighbors have been telling me he is.
": Off to the gym to weigh in, wish me luck! :)" You got this!
add no voice and that was me earlier this week :( hope the tooth fairy made it before your little one woke up!
Tiff's baby shower today. :)
Packing for the weekend woo
Ugh...so many phone messages to return! This feels worse than owing people money
let's go. Rock the vogue tonight!
“: Almost... ;-) RT Almost as pretty as the #24 car ;-) #Corvette #BJA2012 - I love those cars
WE DID IT. WE FUCKING DID IT! THANK YOU, GOD! THANK YOU ATHLETIC! THANK YOU PEOPLE! THANK YOU LLORENTE! THANK YOU BIELSA!
don;t forget jesus RT
ok well if I bust early I'll send u info on my whereabouts from riu.
Yes I am looking forward to my visit to DC to teach this summer.
angels getting back in it now
Early morning baseball <3
i wish i could be on a beach. I was exhausted on Monday SMDH! Our events for summer start tomorrow and I'm all stressed.
me too!! I want him to win it all.
I think I attract mothers of all ages. No joke.
yes im finally done with my hw for friday...i came up with something great
Listening to Thella Bowens talk about the new British Air nonstop to London. Get you tix now & you get tea w/ Wills & Cate!
Sucks to be a Laker fan
still on?
spring is sweet summer is the best. winter is death. bring on the heat!
I've been telling people for tow months that no one wants to play Memphis in the playoffs!!!! They are whipping the clippers!
seriously. tweegrams should be banned. instagram is for photos
How does one get their cupcakes featured on the blog?
Called that 5 mins ago. E-Rod.
Off to LA to get the latest inside info on the real estate market. I'll share it all here!
lol it won't bother me . I have so many followers on my TL anyway lol
Just got home from Occupy Cal. Still enormous crowd when I left.
shutin the club down this Friday wit my bro Donovan he buying shots and I'm bout to tear da muthafuckin stage up
A coon hunt during work hours. Now this should be rich!!
We are sad the kitties had to leave, but they are with an exceptionally good family. That takes away a lot of the pain :)
you do:(
wow I took a girl to that Movie on my first date.
Congratulations to Hannah Logan who just won Young Artist of The Year Award for Best Performance in Theatre!
Wow. Kaitlyn Stroud, the Kansas keeper, denies A&M on a penalty kick! Score still 1-0 Kansas over A&M
And the truth shall set you free
Looks like the devil's here to stay
you always get goodnight tweet, but not me ):
Sent you an email over the weekend, and want to make sure it didn't go to spam. Let me know! Thanks! :-)
Leadership is the challenge to be something more than average. - Jim Rohn
well then all I can say is... enjoy the little things.... life sucks
Korver is whappy from the line
So here we go. To all my Brothers and Sisters out there..Happy Turkey Day! Enjoy ur 4 days off!
ithink you should settle down...you deserve it :)
They wreak havoc on the repressive Lent character Malvolio by making him act incredibly stupidly for their amusement.
There's alot of wish washy fans on my TL, stick to your team
2 Parties in Darley Park, one in Barlcay and now to Harwood. All this after door knocking in Midway. Whew!! More door knocking ahead..
i follwed....and your band and everything lol :)
- there are no throwaways; we can't cherry pick ourselves to a great society
but it's been about 30 yrs since I woke her up for a cuddle :)
I was just watching the Celebrity Home show and I LOVED DANVILLE -- I totally need a NanLand with all the places from my Adams Grove books
Only 6% prefer to read digitally, but over half choose e-readers to search text. Are students reading or looking for answers?
IP attorney Terry L. Clark, formerly of Harness Dickey, has joined he D.C. office of Nashville-based Bass Berry & Sims.
But yeah... It started late. :c
Spending Mother's Day with wife & daughter because that's where Mom wants to be.
Crazy World or Crazy Day .Start the Day with Amazing Smile Zig Ziglar
First pitch --> last call. MT : Pat Burrell will throw out the first pitch prior to Tuesday's Phillies-Giants game at AT&T Park.
We're pumped to sing at Cherry Tree tonight! /yd
I'm drained and exhausted. I'm pooped.
I love you all
Dreams are necessary to life. - Anais Nin #quote - What are you dreaming about in 2012?
I'm not gonna waste my time watching your fucking kid all day, I never wanted a brother anyway. fuck this bitch.
YES let's #byow to
All New Tonight = Gossip Girl's 100th episode at 8 [The Wedding!] followed by Hart Of Dixie at 9 [Zoe's having awesome secret sex? Say wha?]
HAHAHHAHA..lol or how about "SUPER FREAK" Rick James? LOL
good morning back at ya, you talented young artist you!
Playing with Backbone Router. Finally...
Am I the only one that didn't go see the midnight showing of the Avengers? :(
Just south of Las Vegas Nevada is a dry lake bed. A few years ago, I was driving past it on my way to Arizona. I decided to pull off and ...
I feel sorry for the Kings! oh who am I kidding? LOL
I appreciate that Bill. Have a good one.
please follow back???? <3235264 :] :D
I really love the John Malkovich character and I feel that's a flaw on my part (or a good indication of my taste in men)
So cute.
Glad you liked it! RT : How does do it? InstantData is amazing!
Uh huh, you know what it is.
This nigga just said he's gonna tat food stamps on his arms. LMFAO fut no lol
go do that hw
Kobe hits the dagger to send the Nets back to the east coast! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP! :D
Ironically, I'm part of that 77% :(
#DPLA Audience and Participation workstream meeting is getting started at the Dallas Public Library. We're live streaming too! dp.la
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV
Ha! I hope the client pays by the job, and with nonfictional money.
Friday, say HEY! & I also want to say 'pre-shate' the follow &
Already putting on my sad face in anticipation of the #Cleveland #Browns draft picks tonight.
Looking forward to meeting the new Graduate Instructors at the Pre-Semester Workshop.
"Schl libraries are a place where our students can develop a love of learning & discover big ideas that help move the American story forward
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small...
Even though I now call California home, in my heart, I'll always be a New Yorker, so Happy New year, everyone!!
Laying With My Daddy Watching My Lakers, Missing My Brother
Ugh... insomnia
would love to tell you it ain't so, but it is so. Bye Sproles. Soon it will be Bye Chargers.
Hey need to run something by you. Pick up.
I like!!
Messi still has another game to go. So he might yetscore 53 in 37.
"I don't know." Smartest thing DW has said all night.
damn its 2 oclock already...time flies
aww i bet his smile is amazing
Plus Mila Kunis is pretty damn awesome. Phone even had some pics she must have taken on set still on the memory card!
I love portlandia.
Controlling a storm is a useful trick indeed.
I hope everyone enjoyed their Valentine's Day!
Curly fries >
"Here's the difference btwn Bill Maher and Rush Limbaugh: The people who watch Bill Maher know he's an asshole." -Jimmy Kimmel - HAHA!
My dad set me up with two fishing poles😃😃😃 now we can go fishing! thanks for the fishing idea!🐟🐠
Immortals, meh. Entertaining enough...
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Great canvassing today, thanks to all that came!
my myspace account www.myspace.com/slugo3
Watching weight loss shows makes me hungry.
:)) yupp. :p Im coming to LA in march for spring break! i cant wait, but spring break is so far away. :( lol
Time to leave Santa Cruz :( I had an absolutely amazing few days and I'm excited to come back as soon as possible!! Loved it so much here!!
Resist sir!! Fall not to the dark side
I know it's bizarre, but I love grocery shopping! Have u been to Sprouts Market in Culver City?? Best grocery shopping ever.
Will Middlebrooks, your mother should be so, so, so, so, so, so proud.
Guys, if you love amazing craft beer, head to because they have 3 Floyds Zombiedust on Tap right now. INCREDIBLE
Dear dinner - Please show up at my door with little-to-no effort on my part. Thanks, Liz
Must be summer fever when I'm excited about Keith Urban popping up on Pandora. Crank it!
I feel like a baby. All I can do is eat and sleep, and walking still gives me some trouble.
I changed my username again :|.
Stay tuned...exciting news to share tomorrow!
Ha, I crushed one of those earlier today as well. Contemplated mixing it w/ some whiskey
Bali may be the first country to have it's literature available online through Internet Archive - Brewster Kahle
Stoked for tonight. Seriously, my favorite show on television!!
You know it's a great date night when it ends with learning the "Fake ID" line dance from Footloose :] And yes, I finally saw it!!
The cat tunnel pictures are too adorable!
IF OUR BUSINESS IS ABLE TO HELP YOU, LET US KNOW; THANK YOU AND HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!!
a mouse singular. Mice is plural. AND WE HAVE RATS. There's a conspiracy...
Today's first afternoon session at #GenieFair2012 is Army Service in the War of 1812 with John Deeben, #Genealogy Archives Specialist.
"I'm a little scared to hold you close, cuz I just might, might never let you go..." ♥
Got me an interview at Guaranty Bank!. :)
Have empathy and compassion for others, but always compassion for yourself as well.
I need lots of #monsterenergydrank for this upcoming boring 4!day weekend :(
Worried about the heat? is here to help keep festivalgoers cool. Still haven't found the lemon sticks, though.
Ohio statewide tornado test happening at 9:50am, but apparently Defiance County's clocks are slow. Sirens not going off in the city yet.
You should get while he's home recovering!
+1 RT If any of my neighbors are awake, I'll buy a beer from you for $20.
Operation: mom bday flower surprise was a total success!
Thanks again to the man myth and legend for making my crafty new picture. You're already following him, right?
Dope vid n track!
You should be able to in the registration area.
Use wordpress to make websites... super easy super pro way less geeky than html coding :D
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." ~ Mario Andretti #running via
Welcome. And why?
I am so incredibly fly, I can assume the form of a Gulfstream G6 airplane
It's all about Jesus!! Merry Christmas!
Chunky white people painting pictures of "angels". That about sums up my evening.
depends on time of day. If a newscast was on...I'd go there first, otherwise I go online. :-)
I wrote response to your awesome review of the movie God Bless America
maybe I'd actually like superman then
I would love if was taught in school.
Some great thinking came out of today's #EdInnoMeetup; thanks for organizing.
HELL YEAHH!!!! Lets freaking paint this dull city red!!! #thisplaceabouttoblow!! :))<3
These folks are hella goofy
#gcyale : Influence doesn't always have to be blunt. Access journalism is a mutual co-opting of journalism and gov't.
I'm guessing your success rate is high, haha! Luv ya!
The fog is creepin me out. Having vampire thoughts again.. 8-O
u r welcome darlin'
im glad no one i know hasn't started that lol
Every 30seconds! RT “: our professor makes low-key racist jokes everyday class”
Laughter is not the best medicine, but it does let you forget the disease, at least for a moment, so pay it forward by sharing it
Ok everyone I just send a direct message to the winner of the contest
awesome cover tune for
i highly recommend the Night Cirus by this may be my new favorite book!
yes. We will be open 9a to 9p.
#Ifyouweresmart you'd call Charlene and ask about starting your undergraduate degree with #NECB on Monday! 1-616-603-6942
Just finished an interview for umakrishnaswami.blogspot.com where I talk about how books achieve life beyond the page, and more. Stay tuned.
hahah damn catching bitches steady talking about með
Tall bitch just had to sit in front of me didn't she?! MAKE ROOM FOR SHORT PEOPLE
Get #Trueblood V at vblood.com
off to "Ingredients for Success: How to Launch and Operate a Restaurant in DC"
I'll show you how to hold your liquor. Lol
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit. Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
TODAY:00: Gabriella Lukacs, "Dreamwork: Cell Phone Novelists, Politics and Labor in Contemporary Japan" Brooks 2nd floor lecture room
“: So who wants to help fix Scotts broken heart...” uhmmmm me(:
I love it when everyone stops texting me at the same time.
im bored courtney!
>>> Are you pumped for your free white iPhone 3gs you'll prob break in 3 weeks? You're welcome for being your brother.
BORDER TALK In-studio guests Valentin Sandoval & TJ English talkin Irish Mexican Alliance, Mexican & Irish beer, poetry, music Sat 501 Texas
I can't right now dear:( I sent you a message!!! Check your inbox!
its ungodly the amount of places I have applied to in the past 2 days
Finished off the beer breakfast with buffalo chicken dip. I am a role model for those who wish to eat healthy!
How is #packernation today?
One. More. Day.
is the only way to go
thanks for your support from me and artist moody #RT via thx u both
Thank you following! :)
I'm good anytime really!
We believe that social media is more #spiritual than
omb I feel the same way! I better be seeing you at prac tomorrow or I might die...
#FinalWords man relly went beast mode
RT New mission: visit every bar that I've been kicked out of for life and see if they still remember me. So far, it's Bars 0, Mike 1!
Benny! Yes! So glad I'm not the only one with pre-teen musical tastes :)
Watching Ghoulies, anyone know where I can get one w/o the over-the-top rituals, i need them to ward off the douche-bags
DO AN AUSTREAM SO THAT WE CAN SEE UR NEW ROOM
Retweet Police have issue an order for all tents to be removed from civic center #occupysd help us now!
hope you stay in portland, been fan of your game since you came in the league.. The team does need to change something though..
is ready to go play! Yay!
yeah, whole place cracked up pretty good!
Gotta say, a Italian Special on parmesan asiago bread with red wine vinegar = pure deliciousness
yea! What system were you using before?
That commercial just made me through up in my mouth. Poor kids, brainwashed so young.
Someone wanna go take my algebra final for me?
Yeah, I already have my future planned out;) I hate being a sophomore. I'm going to MSU, then going to teach Eng & Db8:)
ah that sucks!! When are you coming to LA?
ha. Nah. But thanks babe. :) lol
oh man. Cheese. What kind?
I still remember wanting to be exactly like Lindsey Lohan when I watched Parent Trap for the 1st time... awks, bro.
outhouse's still exist???
Thanks for volunteering. This event wouldn't be possible without compassionate community members.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME! (:
did you get recruited by zynga?
RT : RT : The ESPYs are God's way of telling you to read a book.
Is cleared to play football again!!!
yeah, we're working up a tablet-compatible ux now. We are using the YouTube HTML5 api, though...
Rt: don't miss r online casting director workshop w/ David cady Monday night. All classes , cd & agent workshops only $27 a month.
tight...where is it?
Ready to hop in diz shower den be on da way to wrk to make diz money
Congrats 20. #NYR first of many.
Don't talk to me I'm not your friend. I'm just a fan of a fan
She still talkin ?? Damn shut up already
I wish! Kill it in SD + RT : "Are you the whale vagina girl?"
Thanks for the retweet.
I try lol
haha. I like it. Tell you what. If you're serious about an order I'll hook you up best I can.
London 2012 - Disney-May targets individual berth
Let's go Devils! #ABF Anyone but the Flyers...
I should curl my hair tomorrow!(:
Doesn't want to know where my friends stand on the whole politics spectrum. I judge them if they're not on my side.
yep its installed now. Didn't even realize they updated till your tweet
Also Wool, the Omnibus edition, by There's a library of sorts in there. And Swainston's *No Present Like Time*.
My hubby is a redhead with blonde eyebrows, arm hair and eyelashes lol
Merry Mad Men Day. Can't wait.
Jersey Shore tonight!!
Not at all.
Relationships are like glass, sometimes its better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
it's impossible for me to drink Crystal Light without picturing a DFAC
Thanks for the shoutout!
did being sick make u speak latin?
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true. -Brian Tracy
just watched some good music check Em out , energetic and fun
Follow me if you've ever had a #nugjar break on you - 2K Unbreakable nug jars will ease your mind!
You...are funny.
my 100th tweet :)
Okay buddy but follow back - thems the rules! ; )
tune in soon on www.otnet.tv for my show with the most powerful names in Entertainment
pain is weakness leaving the body :)
now I understand why girls strip and pay tuition
God has TRULY blessed me with patience in my life
My #lrt Aww , I Feel Bad For Her . Lmfaoooooooo ,
that awkward moment, when im not in your bio. #uh 😔
stay yo ass out the sun
girls who have the best butts in yoga pants >>
Agree. Apple would not stoop to these measures.
Very cool, that sounds like her
Fun fact: Jello is gluten free.
Good bird - nice job!
I'm so excited for the Brewer game tomorrow!! :) yay
Try signing up again, you may have mistyped the password!
Car stuff not so much my thing, but I would love a certificate for car detailing.
Yes $25 includes admission,appetizers,2 drink coupons, hourly giveaways.if u want to come i can give u $5off
It is only the best thing ever!!
lmao it says playoff jersey
ill follow if she follows back :) its only fair. :)
I really don't want to see smug Lebron James win.. here goes the 2nd half! p.s. I love basketball! I don't even recognize myself anymore.
Always wondered how marketing folks got away with inventing "blue raspberry" but they threw in the towel with "orange"
#moverslongisland available today! get movers last minute with no extra fees!!! we have some new pro's in the company, excellent references!
Doing well. You're right, I guess I had been kinda quiet. Back now. Great to reconnect. Hope you are well. Beat 'em, Bucs!
Yeah, we like hot shit, not cold diarrhea.
I'm predicting a run on #5HourEnergy #RedBull & #RockStar tonight. #HungerGames at midnight crowd
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied." - Pearl S. Buck
no I updated #mendeley and lost the citation extraction feature :(
one of the best tweets I've ever seen! lol :)w
Trabajo con mi
Writing on the balcony this morning! Whoo!
Thanks for the mention! #MarvelousMonday Follow and RT
Please check out our new website. www.fortheloveoflisa.webs.com
HOORAY for FIRST DAY :)
way to give an interview! Signed O.J.
. Yep. Sure did! Hope to see you again soon.
mis ojos are looking extra blue right now
Well i be damn tebow... You still suck
HEAD SCRATCHER! Some say there's a difference between nigga/nigger. Does that spelling "rule" apply to brother, bro, brotha, brutha, bruh?
RT : Okay, off to anniversary dinner. Our 12th! It's tomorrow. Same as Darwin's birthday ;)/ Con!
I can ignore you so hard you will begin to doubt your own existence
I am on a new phone so I am glad u and ur friends enjoyed the fun and then some.
Now that I know about histamine intolerance, it explains other things I've attributed elsewise. Including connection to estriol.
It sure is a beautiful Sunday afternoon to play catch with Jaden.
Ohh.. have you bought their album?:)
Wait whats the bull balls kid name? you've probably told me already or something. idk.
Good news: N. Korea rocket launch failed! Bad news: back to coverage of Hilary Rosen/Ann Romney
Looking forward to that stylish "heart" necklace Jason buys me & then signs me up for a 2-year car lease, signed by Santa the car salesman.
Kale... how goes it?
Unfortunately the advisors do not have access to pull former transcripts. Unofficial transcripts are fine if you have a copy
Sketchy wi-fi is KILLING me. Finally turned it off and am using cellular.
Thanks for the re-follow!
Thank you, lady :)
details are almost a month away!
I can't sleep. Rewatching all of 's keeks! He got me laughing do hard and it's 2am :D
Reading Crank #3: Fallout, by Ellen Hopkins. The only way out of this fetid mess is through (apologies to Robert Frost).
care to back up your local survey with specific information on how the poll was conducted?
#thingsisaidinthe90s its britney bitch.
it taste better then it looks ;-)
Break at work. Mission: buy lotto ticket (or 3).
Drinking and finally catching up on my shows. Now this is relaxing, maybe get a massage and ill call it heaven
Oh my god , listen to #noname . So good (:
Up today! Douglas Silver's "Intangible Objects." translitmag.com
Finally Friday!!!!
She said "What makes you happy" I said "You" I'm such a cheesy bastard but its true
Show is great!
You chose to download Doodle Jump?
ya cool froend
Get ready for high gas prices, ABC reporting CA at $4. Don't add to the expense by having to replace a windshield, #WindshieldRepair saves.
because I wanna be able to say I'm the youngest in da collab, Joe is older than twelve too?
Complex Variables, Differential Equations, and Linear Algebra is the 3rd course in the Calculus Revisited series at MIT OpenCourseWare
ahh yay! Thank you! Day has been made.:) it'd be even better if you'd steal it and bring it to me.😊
This week we are hosting the Youth Round put on by Fremont Abbey Arts Center. So excited for it. Make sure you stop by. Friday 8pm $8.
working at my regular table. The table next to me seems to be the revolving door for Boystown first dates.
Book-signing TONIGHT! Meet "Grosvenor Square" author Katherine Ann Meyer at Hill Country Bookstore, Georgetown, TX. 5:30 - 8:30 PM
It's going great! Thank you Sarah! How are you? I hope to meet you someday soon!
you have to start fresh in November though, don't ya? I wanna keep this sucker goin', haha.
agreed!! NBC can suck it.
Monday night
Wisconsin's Jenni Radosevich earns NY reputation for DIY fashion - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Maybe I can do my homework outside while drinking a beer? Now that would be multitasking at it's finest 
can't wait !
I grew up a fuckin screw up!
worst thing ever. More companies need to just record your number, enter it in the queue and call u when rep is free. Simple
The dudes in the car in front of us are dancing so enthusiastically that they made the dude in the car next to them dance!
The 1st #opera I conducted, #Halevy's La Juive, was produced and overseen by soprano legend
you have an awesome day too!
He clearly has spent time with Decker and McGahee.
I only fear What I don't know
8am games are rough, but both teams came out ready to play...BABC vs TX PRO
see a trend here? somebody please show me a #civilliberty that is still in tact...please.
a real nigga would have food and yams lined up.. im slackin smh.
there is still time! Though and I may have eaten all the free cookies
I'm giving away ten 6-month subscriptions to the premium content from The Art Of Self Exile. 1st ten to reply, "me" receive them.
i be jealous too..i take my baby from him
Any suggestions? : It's getting close to being stout and porter beer weather.
Indeed. Wrong Neil!
OMG I MIGHT GET MIDNIGHT TICLETS FOR NEW MOON EEEEKK!!! LOL I REALLY HOPE I DO!!!!
Sending out a #prayer for all you mothers.... you're wonderful...
zoe they kno wat it is
I'm not even close :-) but follow a few of the "top dogs"
Apparently the memo about wearing as little clothes as decently possible has hit the expo.
Conductors' barbeque today. Lots of good food, always. (Should clarify...conductors doing the BBQ, not being the BBQ.)
MAJOR PROPS To and for giving us "NYK Fans" some hope by winning today ... Let's keep it up
come on :(
Feeling drawn into a primal darkness, into a deep and endless red, feeling the need to dance alone in a stormy sky, feeling the need to fly.
4 more days left in Gold Card Week. Great time to come in and save on your monthly supplements!
So glad you raised the issue. Still hoping for more detail from Google!
#SeaDogs and #NHFisherCats playing for the first time in 2012 and Dice-K makes rehab start for the #PawSox. Updates at
Think im gonna change my number
It's pretty cool, , that you get all of those different woodpeckers at your feeders!
We are, too! See - it's every day!
Join us today to hear what Michael Bergdhal has to say about the 10 Rules to the Success of Walmart!
He wrote back, "Eric? Smooth." That was the whole email. I feel bad but dude, have a sense of humor. It was an honest mistake.
what's up miss awesome !
im in shock that the beacon show is next Saturday ............i remember when i was fighting to buy my tickets ......... lol
jeter is the captain of the "evil empire". Perfect music. Let's just hope he doesnt land on the dl with a severed hand.
English research papers with ridiculous completion grade points. #sofargotzeroooo #yeedig?
lol yup to bad I couldn't spend more time with my BF
yea kimmel usually does well in situations like that...funny but not too offensive or crazy
Yeah but it's putting money in my account ; ] haha And not really haha You?
Listen to Ratko Zjaca's latest "Now & Then" this guy can play.
no bullshit.. widen your brand!
Lookin for any artist to work with! Whos interested? Email
Oh my God! Family will test your patience!! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!
Burn bans- #Centennial, #Golden,
Live music in the Artsgarden starts at 12:15!
Salsa dancing in rockville? Oh ight!
they have a freakin app?! MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
I mean it-I'm gonna buy shoes, and I'm ready for the weekend!
thanks for all your great ideas and help with !!! Was a perfect way to spend the afternoon.
Don't lose your mind this winter.
You're welcome! I'm hear from the beginning till the end! :D
I know hahah
The Lakers Better Not Lose
I am a yarn first lady also.
I hate it when you tweet something that wasn't meant to be tweeted.
Watching The Voice...love this show
I'm so disgusted by that story. That's not supposed to happen.
It's one of my favorite hats...dirr :) On or off, I'll still hold you accountable ;)
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 4 Junior Ent Sapling now!
ha. C'mon man. The Denver Nuggets took them to a game 7
All day long hearing that I'm fat I'm ugly. just makes me, mad at my own self..
only if it's sexy data with a real hook... “: ‘Data is the new creative brief’
Wilmington, El Monte and Pasadena bound...
hi Jennette! We're holding a charity event in 2013 & would love for you to attend. We know you love charities! :)
Was the list set up specifically for that purpose? I assume not, but kind of like that idea.
On my way to the HOLA Awards ;-)
on NW Sports Tonight at 6:30 w/ talking Ultimate Fighter on FX and more
lmao I mean I'm not gonna not talk to someone if they use certain faces. I like >.< and ^.^ a lot.
.your sickness beat ur asian fangirlisms.
Getting frozen yogurt with babe.
Thanks for all the RT's!
This just in: is officially done with college exams. Proud of you lil sis!
we LOVE them! Try making your eggs "green" with chopped up parsley and herbs... it's our way to make green eggs!
just had a baseball game.... those guys were cocky F&%#$
Is Mark Loretta gonna be a regular guy? Love Lo.
With Andy Kushner Entertainment, Inc. tonight at the Marriott in Bmore for a corporate event!!!
I Have 6$ Reserved For You. (;
In the house of lovers, the walls are made of songs, the floor dances and the music never stops--Rumi (via )
Thanks =). I love testing my limits.
I do, just not formally. Is that tweetably incorrect?
SUNSPOT SYZYGY: Sunspot group 1023 has an eye-catching shape--it is a straight line. The group's four spots have formed a rare "...
ola's, Tuman's, zakopane...probably after 8...I'll let you know when we are out
- Just got off da phne my Guy bestie Adrian....
lol yea. Wen u get the chance read the books.
I think I broke Tumblr.
And they're very rich now ...
Gonna go on a limb and say that just about every pic of you looks kinda good.
We promised each other we wouldn't date him but you went behind my back and dated him anyways??
Beautiful day for a road trip ! Headed to Alabama with the family to pick up Gerald's new car ,he made me promise no more stunt driving :)
RT'ing protected tweet is pretty much useless to everyone except 370 followers who can actually see the RT'd status #justsayin'
Is it bad that it's 8 AM and I'm already looking forward to drinking my Tequila tonight ?
The rain out there calls for a perfect time to get some of your clothes & things clean! Come in today to be productive during this rainy day
project sounds like it will be a classic would love to be apart of it anyway hope to working with you soon.
Never tried… don't have anything we can send now, but might take you up on it in the future.
I hope to outdo myself every time. :-)
I just found out that my first 5K is actually an 8K! Oh my!!
RT : follow this extraordinary man that he is! < thanks ! You're the sweetest!
it's not the same idea but close enough, apparently Zuck's med school gf and Steve Jobs was this inspiration
Happy Hump Day to you, as well. Btw, I like your new profile pic. :-)
Not one, but two new blogs! WOWEEE. check them out here... www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
what goes around comes around like a hula hoop
They're Beautiful , Would Of Been sexier WiT My Name spelled ON them Ha J/K
No! are playing the same night as the Scripps Spelling Bee finals! This is a tragedy!!
you need help.
we love you <3333
Slutgineers? are they real?
Good Morning to you too ;)
Top a di mawning Fb, such a beautiful morning here in the Bean. Sending mi luv to me Canadian family, can you feel it yet {^_*} Much luv!!!
i'm thinking sometime this week! I've only seen it once..and its one of the most quotable movies ever<333
Thank you everyone who made it out yesterday for Jete Society HH @ PingPong in Dupont! Fab turnout &good times! TWB appreciates ur support!
How long you tolerate unhealthy circumstances is the only measure of how long they will last!
haha ya the new transportation
RT :...theres a lot i love about NYC, but I am SO ready to get the fark outta here. // Goodbye trash tumbleweed of Astoria.
I'd rather be with you
Too many gods/gaining importance over/other absolutes
confirming my recital this coming Friday - April 16th at 8PM My hand is better now and I hope to see all friends on Friday night!
i love evey one of my followers yall make me the happiest person and able o do what i do :) i wont give up ill keep moving forward
FML-Bank of America can't verify funds to pay a check funded by a BANK OF AMERICA ACCOUNT!!!
Thank you Red!
“: #sharethelove with the your family and the kids out there who needs help! #HelpTheWorld”
thats why i hate going to the store. you see everyone you used to know! smh
Need to learn how to be strong
awesome! Who is the speaker?
#nobeuno When My Mixtape Get Me Famous n Haters Try get in my face NOBEUNO
When you get reassured that all the bad stuff isn't true! 😄👍
What the fuck going on twitter
Well .it's been a long day good night .twitter!!!!
Goodnight everyone
pretty weak
Holy shit! If you buy a suit right now at Joseph A. Bank, they will give you another 9 suits and raise your grandmother from the grave.
Thanks for the follow!!
boycott Target this holiday season due to that annoying chick in the black friday commercials
I can't wait until #summer. You know that feeling you get when you hear an ice-cream truck come down your street! :)
RT : If it takes special-interst big $$$$$ lobbyists from CALIFORNIA to #moleg to pass it, so-called #edreform prob wrong 4...
I know you do, figured we would have a little fun at your expense! Pioli's forehead #thingsbiggerthantheRoyalman'sTip
Fantastic feedback.
Who is going to see a big name from the #80s tonight with her number one girl? I am! And we'll have sushi too!
haaha stfu, trust me no one thinks that. Maybe creepy as fuck. Creepasses these days...
I stand corrected.
Nope. RT : I think it was you. RT Who said that? RT : Quote: "I am the inverse Anthony Kiedis"
The Awkward moment when doesn't tweet u back.. . Lol
sorry about that tweet the other day someone took my phone in the infield
What is it you really want? im tired of asking
just woke up had along day
My name is Clinton Murchison. I'm a Youth worker. I work with troubled youth within our community trying to make a difference in their lives
thanx for the RT's! Have a good day!
u being forced to move out of your hilltop castle = that wuld truly suck
I think I have a brain freeze, wait can you have a brain freeze by thinking about ice cream or eating ice cream?
I luv Ernest Hemmingway. I do very little sober Ernest darling.
m m mm love bein in rehearsals with and among others!!!!
are you washing it all down with
Excellent. Hope she loves it!
Wow, it's Wednesday already. That rocks, right? =)
Totally forgot that my parents went out tonight #onceinabluemoon I'm home before them.....
No. Not yet. But I will. I'd like to review your blogposts on the D Plane first.
I have just seen the Germany top and it is bright green, looks good. I thought it would be the dark teal from '90.
Super excited to be in the mix with my man at Lucky Lounge in Oakland. Come through after the fight for drinks & good times.
goodnight i loved ur show tonight <3 .
I always say things I want to then I'm like why the fuck did I say that
My love, my heart is beating for this moment in time. <3
One of the biggest local sales is just around the corner! Shop tomorrow - Saturday at the KidStuff East Louisville sale....
We are l ooking forward to Gabby's interview tonight!
its okay
TRINGLED is a feature that is rife with conspiracies and conspiracy theories. You'll only be safe if you trust no one!
What is the definition of meme? A unit of cultural ideas that spreads and mutates
you're different. ;-)
“By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day
RT Wow, that's a shame, he was a nice guy. Rest in Peace! ...yhoo.it/qny16O Indeed, RIP bro!
I do too ugly! :) how are you??
School tommorow. Not ready to go.
ahahhahaa just got my sister's vote :D because of the opening performance.
we look forward to host your sites! Thanks for the nice words ,
Hey, thanks for the great suggestions!
Yep, it's already gone! Lol
RT Fat girls, just because they make your size, doesn't mean you can wear it.👍👌😄
I'm still too new to twitter to have encountered this issue...but I have to believe that there are others with experience here
In Flaggstaff AZ looking for somewhere to play !
He might be but I will be tired
I'm there from 2-10 so maybe ill seeya again!
There Aint No Women ALIVE That Can Take My Momma's Place !!!!!!!
Only 30 spouse of the entertainment industry shall be selected into the Cs branded Trading Card Series. Tell us how you might like to see i…
Jerel worthy my home town homie is on my radar
exactly. I wanna be forever young.
you all come up to upper lobby after tonites dinner for after party.
20 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
yes, very.
if Taylor swift shows up tell her I love her and im gonna marry her one day. k. Thanks.
Well other chefs used fat and confit and cocacola let's see if lean meat and tofu gets it
Cirque de Solei wants you to know that movie theatres are dangerous places. After seeing this year's nominees, I'm inclined to agree.
#Irene panic in DC even worse than blizzard panic.It's going to rain. A lot.There'll be some wind. Sunday the sun will shine.The end.
RT Congrats to Creighton for becoming the Missouri Valley Conference CHAMPIONS in both Basketball & SOCCER!!!
Perfecto!! Love bubbles!!
your tweets crack me up! I read Matt the one about shoe horns ...his response "I love shoe horns"...he was serious too!
All I really need are some ears to hear me dream.
They served their purpose. Maryland got everyone's attention.
Dick for that hahah
King of the web? Hm....
I assume you don't mean running into the Cheesecake Factory...
Girl I tell myself this all the time! Lol 😒😏
In rare cases when the diagnosis is in doubt, your doctor may suggest blood tests or skin prick testing to confirm your pollen allergy.
No energy to finish getting ready...
I will never understand
O MY GOD DO YOU SEE THESE TWINS ON THIS J-LO DANCE SHOW THO?!?!?!!? DIABLO THESE LATINAS ARE BAD!!!!! DONT CRY BABY!! ILL MARRY BOTH OF U
Snow in mid-April??!!
#digiconf12 O'Leary: Kobo launched in Germany with 3 times as many books as Amazon.
Software for Video Conferencing technology is also used by the HR department to carry out interviews and by others to train new recruits.
Day 4...Prelims at the LVHilton tonight featuring the glam state costume parade with swimsuit and evening gown for all 54 contestants!
Atria Books Publisher Judith Curr says QR codes have between 100-300 scans.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
Happy holidays!
Packing to move < anything else
Had an amazing night <3 prom couldn't have been better :D
Had a dream about Darth Vader. Cool.
is in Portland tonight... Wishing I could be there :'\
Sean Paul came to Gaby's in Pembroke Pines?! Wow! I'm late.
I'm doing great! How've you been? You going to be in Chicago for the NRA show?
auburn put a javascript in that puts the bib record number in the prepend
Ashley Young, yes, but Rooney, no. Not a noted diver. He'll take it when it's available, but he's no Drogba. Not even close.
hi David!
Beach Bodies.
Single but why is that?
Yes, definitely! We'll be at the Greater L.A. Writers Society Booth (C11-14)/roaming around.
Sean Sellers has been an obsession of ours for a while now. We are writing a concept album about him, and the ensuing witch hunt.
It was a recap of what had happened previously.
There's only one thing to say after you realize you've just fucked Lois Lane: "Your ex boyfriend is who?!"
Spin class instructor quote" Everyone take their heart rate, Hey HOW OLD are you? Seriously?...Come on Man....
Books cannot always please, however good; Minds are not ever craving for their food. George Crabbe -
I...am...nothing...without...JESUS
The best way to prepare for LIFE is to begin to LIVE
in barber's chair in
The junior girl i was with last saturday, knows my bro, and she told him i'm so adorable...well<3(;
will be deciding on wine to share for holiday get together...stay tuned.
yo bro can you follow me back it will help me out alot
Haha : I am undefeated in the arguments I have with people in my head.
The #MatrixTrilogy is legendary. I can watch them all on repreat.. Maybe not Mat Reloaded, but you get my point.
good morning!! :) thank you!!!
Good morning & TGIF! "Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." -Albert Einstein
Im rollin gasoline bout to blow a gasket
That's fucking awesome! And, yeah, you're kid would go apeshit for this movie.
"profersonal" I like that. I also like using lists on Twitter to follow groups.
aww thanks! wish I would have been there.
Beer thirty! Come grab a drink!
My Sis said hoes will do anything for da D
Wonder if Tebow is hanging with his bestie since he's been gone for several days. I think that's how the story goes?
One word: mintchocolatechipicecream
I wish friends were like money. You can out them to the light and see who is real or not.
Woke up with a hangover, hangover gone.
I'm so stoked for practice tomorrow, been awhile since I've played with the guys
And they say he cant hit
the steps beat u 😄😱
Business in the front, party in the back. Yes I have a mullet..yes it has racing stripes and a lightning bolt on the side.
Halfway through list. Save yourself from Midnight in Paris. #theantibestpicture RT : push starts this weekend.
Design Tip: Spruce-up a room by painting a different color on one of the walls. Use artwork or fabric for the color inspiration.
No kidding. Another great one today. I'm so impressed. How are the bobbleheads?
Today's BTU inspiration: "Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out?" ~Oliver James
lets make a movie when u come to #charlotte. what u think
Going back to school unprepared <<<<<
Pacers > Heat
Even the grass gets drunk
OBAMA IS the most INCONSEQUENTIAL President in HISTORY. NOTHING is his fault.COULDN'T fix ANYTHING.
I'm at a social media workshop. Good speakers. Starbucks coffee though, not a fan, tastes burnt.
is happening Nov. 9-13. I'm excited for the tasting events with
Congrats to ORU basketball on their 27 win season this year!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms of the world! -Team Ares
Next week we reveal the first two guests for the Bases and you guys will love them! Two very famous people. One has even been on NBC
thanks for the SO!
RT if you love Big Time Rush <3
IF ONLY I COULD RETWEET THAT UHG
hell yeah that Arab on at 64th on the strip be tweakin
New episode of #DanceMomsMiami :)
Testimony ends on #coasset bill in House Finance Committee.
Had an awesome time in Sioux City this weekend!!!
Paul Rudd DOES. NOT. AGE.
it's true, I do really love solving the quadratic while boarding down the mountain.
thanks for stopping by.. Great picture! Enjoy dinner!
Almost 2 months of school left? Lets do this poo!:D
If Austin come to Indonesia, he would love it and I guess Austin will never forget the day that he come to Indonesia
can you follow me please ?(:
Witness prep was outstanding today...the 4.5 hour drive home was not. ouch.
I don't listen to Andre kiddo
awesome. I don't have quite enough for a quilt but I've been tempted to make commemorative pillows out of some e.g. Tigerfish!
Seriously how the hell do you get a time out back! You call it to bad.
Preparation If youre only focusing on your lines, youre only doing half the scene.
Good work today Chef!
LOVE your work! Saw the BFF Pendants on Pinterest and getting them! Thanks for sharing your creativity!
you need to. I must go to every Caps game! I'm going to saturday's game though. I'm getting a free Backstrom bobble head! :D
anything you freeze is good later if you stove top cook it or put it in the oven.
#GoodMorning Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful Mothers today. You deserve it. Enjoy.
Im so shambly today
We are looking for the right Tech vc venture funding or private investment group to partner in web technology Chicago IL NYC NY Manhatten
Nice game #Wisconsin. Gave em everything they could handle
Hi Jean - thanks for the #FF mention! Bewitching #FF is very intriguing . . . Have a great weekend!
butt you lovee me =)
its crazy cuz i fux with all music so the soundz is still melodic and hermonic enough for a nigga spit yall cold joe
Working on Preserve America Grant for a client in SC and submitting a proposal for strategic planning services in Marietta, Ga.
okay. i think that should wear a pink bikini [; & should do the dance dare!!
sorry I'm behind but working on this. Before Saturday? :)
Everyone: this crap going nation wide!! Me: nation wide is on ur side ^.^ ~LOL
The Jawbone UP can't count steps when you're pushing a stroller.
dont you have a comedian, to cover comedy things?
Today's the big day for the Avett Brothers ticket giveaway! So many entries...
Me &nd my fourteen happy with just us;
agreed. so much of this #multichannel participation is tightly interdependent on various factors
Mischa Machez throws down from just over sea level at gastropub in Bristol PA tonight, support live music & grab a CD.
Hollywood thinks we're stupid. Like flash and bang will make us forget how stupid a movie is. Our pockets won't forget tho!
locally, Miller Bakery
Which strategy was worse: Pat Barry purposefully trying to weather the Lavar storm or Dr. Pepper telling women not to buy their product?
I'm participating in the #DayofSilence for the kids who have gotten bullied and committed suicide/killed b/c they were gay RIP Lawrence King
sometimes I wish you could see like I do
i freaking love jenna marbles
follow us on Facebook! Lots of fun ideas for language enrichment!
teaching moment :) but I understand, for ease I often describe myself as a librarian, but I'm really an archivist
If my co worker Matthew had a Twitter.... I would thank him for being a great friend. He is a little mean.. but he actually has a soul. :)
aw I'm sorry :( I'm here if you need someone to talk to though!
Narcolepsy seems like it would be fun, if it weren't for the whole falling on your face thing.
thanks, bro.
chillen lol just wanted to say what's up
Have a Safe and Happy 4th everyone! Thanks to all the reps who are out working promos for us today!
ha! No way.
HAPPY 18th BITHDAY hope you have a great day!
I am FEARLESS. I am making hokey pokey with honey, and I ain't skeered neither.
Who would win between Chuck Norris and 'the most interesting man in the world' (dos xx)???????
In SilverLake, at Intelligentsia, feeling good bc it is packed at 11:30 on a workday, work? And glad I grew out my hipster beard.
That was such a cheap shot by the DSA.
enjoyed our pizza lunch and convo. happy to have you visit.
if u wanna drive back w us you're more than welcome xx
you should be watching #pinkfloydweek on No foolin'
I need to remember all the ways I can make Josh malleable: when he is, he does stuff like laundry. When he's not, he does stuff like WoW.
The JFK killzone tours are pretty interesting and strange.
it would be amazing if opened for Jordan knight!!!!
I mean, I guess you're stereotypical-attractive, but that by no means makes me think you are.
to your question "What would you do with more free time?" More time would allow me to skype with my family.
would love to see his answer
No No ! Thats not what i meant
Honestly just wait and see.
Vinny got one! :)
I hope they were tasty!
i was just for mother's day and some of today. Back in Athens now
Lost in my thoughts so to avoid getting stuck there I'm saying Good Night
I miss you too! I was just talking about you today to Janett.
Off to Minnesota and Salt Lake City. Make sure to check out my new blog, TeenKillers.com. And GO STEELERS!!!!
Battleship is 131 minutes long. Battleship. 131 minutes. Battleship.
Nichols on differences of opinion w/Johns Hopkins press abt what an e-journal is. Eds expected to use images, JHP thought PDF only.
Greyhound driver chic.
EXCELLENCE IS A VIRTUE THAT COMES FROM WITHIN LEGENDARY'S WHAT I BECAME SOON AS I PICKED UP THE PEN
So sorry! USE the strongest pain meds you have for a few days to stay ahead of the pain, that's what its for!
Well I've got like-minded dudes in Detroit or Vancouver . Newport, Boca and Brum!
Tweet back 1 word that best describes Gandhi 4UR chance to win 2 FREE tix 2 screening of BLACK FRIDAY on Fri Apr 13th!
was a twitter virus. Reset your password of you tried to open the link.
Daylight is finally reaching Africa and I am loving it!
RT : "As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the "how" will reveal itself." Tony Robbins
That's OK Elaine.....we all ridicule him too! ;0)
goodlookin bro i appreciate it much love
today I signed with a hollywood agent and after signing, your song a moment like this came on, it took me 8 years, thank you
It's Wednesday. It's 1/2 Price Bottle of Wine Night. Need we say more?
attendance is required in this class of people.
You're blessed when you can show people how to cooperate instead of compete or fight.
I was being sarcastic.... haha we obviously have been apart for WAY too long if you didn't catch on to that
It's really takes being around optimistic people a lot in order to receive inspiration to succeed. Like minds = a superhuman mind together
Get your basil on with our dinner special tonight: Pesto Shrimp & Pasta sautéed in garlic, olive oil & cherry tomatoes, just $18.95!
I can't stand ignorant people.
when do you come back to pulaski?
you are forgetting Richards too
RT : What are you following this weekend in sports & entertainment? #WeekendOutlook Headed to Madison for the Wisconsin game
True story.
Never turn your back on love.
Being introduced to Starcraft=playing in the wee hours...
In other words, yet another "give 'em what they want" vs. "what they should want" dichotomy - not easy for profession to tackle
Heyy Beautiful :) How Is Everything Goin ??
Normally, I agree with your articles, but I'd say all of those are avoidable as long as your paying attention.
XRadio.biz & Vegas Racing hangs out (Racers' Playground) inside the Luxor, Wednesdays, doors open , see you tomorrow!!!!
they go to armpits.
there i signed it :)
“ To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. ” Elbert Hubbard (1856–1915) American publisher and writer
If you can't win Ohio, you can't win the White House.
(smooth) #CSS3 animations for ALL browsers!
The duration is 2 days, 0 hours, 6 minutes and 0 seconds Or 173,160 seconds 2886 minutes 48 hours (rounded down) FOR PROM !!!!!!!! :)
Hey friend !
Sore and tired after a long day moving. Love the new crib!
RT : The restroom in this restaurant is marked "BOTH". Does this mean I was supposed to bring a friend?
Come on rivers!!! Get it done!!!
OK if you had to pick one fiction book to win the #Pulitzer, since the judges could what would it be?
Follow and for the latest on AL attempts to ram #HB56 "tweak" bill thru legislature
Lololll is lois grandt a dog ? Or is that sassee...im confused lol
Happy Holidays!
hit my line cuz
Oh my goodness! We played endless hours of solitaire on those Treos! :)
Give thanks, I've started to follow you also. Peace.
1/3 of the women in china are millionaires
When was the last time you heard of N*SYNC or 98 Degrees? And they were big 10 years ago, and nobody even knows them anymore.
ceelo said it right when he said u shred like a really good guitar solo.keep doin ur thing lady ,ull go far !
I wish more people tweeted in the morning..
At least the #Celtics are kicking ass!
Hello and good morning...everyone
about to head over to the Bluebird for Split Lip Rayfield.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!86
Saw this comment on 1 of many stories about Black Christians response to gay marriage: "We don't care what Blacks think, just how they vote"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
What is the context of that question? I saw how Nutella had a backlash since it basically so bad for you.
yeah that's a very cool touch. Is the book "The startup of you"? I heard his co-author speak at an event- interesting guy...
Follow me on instagram :[ im new.. And I only have 2 followers.. #loner. follow Taralovesyoucx (;
Thank you! And hopefully very soon, only times I'm able to record are weekends during the day because of my neighbors hahaha
#Aulani was designed to keep Hawaiians in mind- Joe Rohde. I was there in Sept. And they really did keep it very Hawaiian
Thanks for the mention, but we make handbags and totes, not jewelry!
One day, everyone will 'pledge allegiance to my swag' - love that joint! TI hit it right on the nail with that one!
and no responce... THANKS
-- players like Lin come along regularly without the fanfare, but suffer same fate: better players to to shut him down.
But I guess that's just karma for intentionally throwing at Prince's head 2 years ago!!!
Hipsters, just because you use "Instagram" does not make you a professional photographer.
Screw AP clasees! ugh.
“: For Jones: Can you give a more concrete description/example of asking tough questions again during interviews? #sxmggp”
Thanks for the link. I am looking forward to checking it out on my computer. On phone it is tiny.
Avengers was amazing. Childhood heroes still do it for me!
#speak my mind
Every GPS system is the same. The narrator always sounds put out when you miss a turn. "Recalculating! (I told you to go right, moron!)"
I don't think Billy Gibson is showing up...Why are we always on he hunt for Billy Gibson?
No prob, anytime! LOL #SheMeansBusiness. I do when it comes 2 my Giants! I mean, I named my cat Timmay Lincecum!
Impressive, Creighton raised $20,000 in the Pink jersey auction and collected $9000 more last night in donations, nicely done Omaha
What is up.
Absolutely Shanna! Looking forward to chatting with a fellow San Diegan wine junkie :)
SLOVENIA, ALGERIA, ENGLAND & US IN POOL C OF
lol! yes, most colorful though too ;)
I've had an iPhone for 2yrs, an iPad for 10 mos and a MacBook since December. And I STILL can't get the hang of #iTunes! #soannoying!!!
I can't wait til you come over cause I'm feeling like you ready, ready!
lol do you really wanna kno
"I'm going to go find Ethan a dad to come pick him up".....um did my father really just say that shit to me???
Stuffing my sleeve full of tricks for tonight's "Dynamic Deception" at Dada's Restaurant and Lounge. Check my 2 shows starting at 10 PM.
Wondering if the windy weather in Denver will preclude PORTUS from looking at solar panels....but it is a photo op.
You get the award for the best line at the office today: "try and get through my lysol gauntlet".
Just happy it's fucking Friday
jus got home....... i guess im bout 2 try nd dance
From chocolate bars to chocolate cakes, countless individuals good adore eating chocolate
Wow, I almost forgot that I haven't watched last nights The Walking Dead . . . off to the DVR!!!
Can you imagine cleaning your teeth with a mixture of honey, bones, eggshells & oyster shells? The Romans in 200 AD did.
This is going to be a powerful week getting the balanceof my $2,900.00 to attend the Wisdom Course. I will make it. Go Cynthia !!!!!!!
This is a good movie!
Awwwwhh(: Thanks ! So Much! (:
great seeing you last night. Sorry we did not have a ton of time to catch up. Gordon
oh snap, i didn't know you had lost that. but that's good that you found it :)
THX for retweet ! PLEASE bring Schlitz to #Boston! The only place i can find it is Kappy's! Schlitz & #PBR ROCK :)
They call me RI BREAD ;)
Life is a mystery..everyone must stand alone..I hear you call my name..
...tell Me
PSA: My birthday is in 5 days.
There are two kinds of worries - those you can do something about and those you can't. Don't spend any time on the latter. -Duke Ellington
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this any more!
Headed to a 3pm New Media Specialist interview downtown. Keep me in prayer.
Yes! I can't wait.
Celebrating cinco de mayo style.
Wow.....Zimmerman got $150k bail and a fuckn ankle bracelet! Wow....u can KILL some1 and just go free....this is complete bullshit
And #Go Packers!
I may have been unclear; I could, I would, and I did. Grover is exempted from my anti-flute biases.
marie here yaay!
Yes!! Way to go #Canucks Presidents men 2 years in a row. Nice works boys!
Morning all! Wondering if I should got to library this afternoon or just work on other projects.
gonna layout with the roomie, (:
ball sweat will kill ya on a day like today
Tell me more, Virgil
thanks good luck :)
BABY GOT BACK! = YOU! xo
