They could care less about you as a person thats trying to provide for her family!! #VeryFrustratedTweet :[
sad. Dif note: guy on elevator named Andy looked like andy samberg, which probably became a positive once samberg became famous
lol totally agree so glad my son stopped watching that show
My mom would claim that Clooney counts as an American Masterpiece.
Yeah, I was so glad Cora didn't go along with her this time. It's worked my nerves how Cora has been her puppet lately.
#ows needs to find a unifying goal eventually. I propose getting a law pass stating that corporations are NOT legal persons. rt if u agree
I'm hoping we get to see the JSA again soon.
The art of smile and nod when all you wanted was to punch them in the face
so dreary out -- on a better note -- flyguys tonight!
#patriotgala thank you for supporting and doing the reading of those that serve our country from NC SC
are you actually watching this game? This game just like your laker games are rigged man.
No need to watch today; niners lost , w/b the steelers?
Britian discussed plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves five months before invasion tinyurl.com/3j7odc4
Sang at BFMS 35th anniversary festival with Leah Ulansey. Singers, storytellers, dancers, blue sky, and smiling people.
BUT WHY?! RT : I dont do weddings, birthdays, or bar mitzvahs or baptisms,
Adam Sandler & Andy Samberg pure genius #420 "That's my boy" gonna be comedy gold @ the box office $$ Lorne's comedy Jewish sons
I work for Cornell here in DC and getting to Ithaca is difficult, esp. with the USAir-Delta swap of slots LGA-DCA.
News flash to the GOP: Abstinence-only ed DOES NOT WORK.
FOLLOW ME LIZZ(:
I like LOVE Jordan Mark Witzigreuter. He's cool like Jesus.
hi Mark, that was awesome! Thank you for sharing!
Got my annual appeal from the bishop. Patrick: "Honey, your Catholic bill's here!"
No worries, let me know if there's a visit that's not so busy and we can catch-up.
YES SIR
for sure at the gentilly stage on sunday!!
I concur :)
RT : Today is Wellness Tuesday! Save 15% on all health & beauty purchases all day long.
Will you be back to South Lake Union next Wednesday?
your good people I can spare a few hundred as long as your ready to party
Tomorrow morning we will be open at 7 am! Come by and get a delicious Stumptown latte!
RT : A tip for families. Have a technology free day. My family had so much fun 1 day turned into weeks.
Flight is booked :) cali may 5th
LOGO turtle shoutout!
Much like the undead, at dawn we sleep.
A dream is an answer to a question we haven't learned how to ask......(Scully...X-Files)
Proverbs 25:9 9Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another (KJV)...ALWAYS deal w/ the source.
I know dude... i felt like i aint never played before in my life
It is unpleasant, loaded words. Can he brush it off with his press person? Maybe not.
haha yea it came back on in like 30mins
Teamvic is the Next up for Dreamteam Jan 17th, www.dreamteampromos.com the kid is a straight beast and an even better person!
Pepsi pushing people to &quot;Live For Now&quot;
Thanks for the kudos!!!
That's a good one.
Thanks for the email!
You can't overdose on music.
the link to this profile is the person that was involved in a shooting that took my homie tony duncan's i hope to see him behind bars 4 life
Kimmy u would laugh at that ": HAHAHA RT “: Remember when was pretty? & cute? . . . Yah me neither!”"
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris is my guilty pleasure of the moment.
Hahaha :) I try to kill YOU! xD
chillin B! What's good?
Ha! I was gonna do the quinoa with it, but just dont feel like washing a pot. Lord help me...
editing...editing....
#Firehouse Subs is my new favorite restaurant.
Love going to the dentist at 8 on a saturday -____-
I know we will haha. Me, you and <3
And thanks for yr tweets!
Woo! RT GO PACERS! " vs tonight! homecourt advantage is the difference maker, so come loud and proud.
praying my stomach settles so I can support the at Buck a Bone night tomorrow!
We will be celebrating by spotlighting each of our amazing members!
Just listed Say-N-Play. The site looks great - Congratulations!!!!
Come on the Bolton
and me too
no im not.
NIGGAS UH SPEND THERE RENT AND THERE FLIP MONEY ON A OUTFIT WOW I CAN FUCK A BITCH WITHOUT THAT SHIT REAL SWAG
I'm not convinced Denver's d is for real, SD hangs 28 on em tonight
I messaged a friend of mine who does drag. Hopefully he can point me to my local options.
I am excited for prom this weekend too my sexies. Flawless fierce and fabulous!!!!
i think is cheating on me with
Tonight thread party at Sassafras. Come ck out the new catalog items and the lovely Sassafras boutique. 7-9 pm
I'm a little late! But HAHAHAH. CLIPPERS LOSE BITCHES.
seeing my TL say about Austins tickets going out im just lying here being jealous on whos gonna go
that should be me hahahahaha
I have to take a bus to Queens or get the G train to Carroll Gardens to get into the city tonight!
The call is in, hoping they come through for me, if I have to repair it, I don't think I will feel comfy racing on it.
I'm beyond confused right now but I'm not asking questions.
It's ROSE BOWL day!! Let's Go DUCKS!! It's O-TIME!!!!
Picked the winner at our #KentuckyDerby pool, thus adding to the legend of Lucky Lustina.
We're officially up and tweeting! If you have any software questions, concerns, or just want to talk...we're here!
Forgot they still make antennas. Wow lots of free stations and better picture quality than comcast. Cable guy no-show did us a favor.
Just wrapped a great recording session at Bad Animals. www.badanimals.com
We almost have 1,200 twitter followers. =D
i would totally have sex to mike posner's voice.
To be quite honest, I've been very blessed when I've worked with Hollywood. -- Nicholas Sparks
Working on new JJ Abrams pilot in LIC tonite. Yes, I am a 'Person of Interest'. Great day on Blue Bloods yesterday. NYC, it's for me!
More like Syd and Julia... ;)
you're a man who is seriously considering pectoral (boob) implants
Is Bertrand wearing white flip/flops as part of the Coyotes white-out?
looks like, cuz the higher you score you get results of Mostly Noise or Bit of Douchebag I need to work on mine!
Prepping for New Members sneak-peek of my fall exhibition on 1920s Greenwich Village--including the bookshop door with its 238 signatures!
Thanks again , you make some good weather.. RT : From Rob, Morning sun then more clouds. High: 72 but 60s lakeside.
This prom shit zoning me out .
Selena Gomez is the most. Unique amazing. Voice and personality ever she is amazing no wonder Justin bieber. Like loves her she's beautiful
happens to the best of us partiers
Hail, high wind with storm moving into Oilton/Mirando/Bruni. Hebbronville should watch this storm.
LADIES NIGHT. Just like it sounds. Ladies drink free. Bring your bros.
It's a great movie - apart from the friction amongst the band members, it also abounds with the joy of creation.
what are you talking about? Sir
What the hell is wrong with Cameron Diaz? Go easy on the sauce.
aww u see this? thank u
yes we do and we have great pricing speak to Jevante 3472344888
Long week but it's finally Friday! What are you up to this weekend?
use to see what the apts look like before heading there.
Whitney Houston is gone, now how about we get rid of the "whitney" TV show while the name is trending
Fair today! C: and i'm late for school v.v
Thanks for sharing, Tim!
yeah u guys could come with me !! :) idk wat time but yeah
I heart you.
Great. Thanks!
Still feeling under the weather today
Enrique questions pdx light rail economic impact based on surrounding mobility and design. I say transit mall of 5th & 6th fails on both.
On #PghTodayLive at 9 we have the latest fashions and trendiest Valentine's day flower arrangements to share with you! Be sure to tune in!
"So whoever think they words affect me is too stupid, and if you can do it better than me then you do it"
I'm working on it ;)
Yes! Chiefs take Dontari Poe with their #1 pick. This is the guy I wanted.
been on oovoo with for 4 hours, we have no lives.
The decibel of silence is deafening.
Woohoo! Replaced the keyboard ribbon on my MacBook Pro! Finally have my keyboard back :)
wen do u want us to roll over
Salted Vegetables!
A little over a year, shes a tree walker hound lol
People really don't understand how hard it is to be a diva.
Just completed a 3D animated spot for Planet Shark - Australia.
Feeling so very unprepared for class. Which is a real bad thing.
Shocking & disappointing to see so many people show up so late (hr+) for Jury Duty here in Suffolk Co. Come on people.
ill b that lol
get it green for a day!
Missing him already :( but had a really good day with him today.. im lucky to have him :) Goodnight twitter ~*S&T*~
- I really do.
RT : #Breaking a SJSU student was groped this morning at Joe West Hall. <-- Was she at a Frat house ?
hey Lisa - I'd love to connect with you and chat #edtech sometime! :)
I don't believe that's accurate. We're doing a little more than that. And it's costing local taxpayers in DC minimal amount.
Cinco de Mayo: Shrimp tacos with spring onion salsa
you still in Denver?
It was summer just the other day, but Costco is already selling fake Christmas trees. I feel rushed.
Group 7, Citizen Engagement and Neighborhoods: social media personalizes citizen participation and the way people experience...
Arkansas Parks & Arkansas Festivals rocking Rogers Little Theatre.
Playing a FREE show at Brainwash Cafe tomorrow in SF! 7pm! Come on out and hear some of my new songs!
he's here ?! Omg
no problem - enjoyed some kimchi fries + galbi tacos a mug of Cass for lunch. Quite tasty!
Thanks Bill!
oh I hope so.
I am reminded now why I never had a dog before.
a gentlemen never tells.
Omg, can u say "feathered hair", lol
Was at TNA lockdown last week and was disappointed you wasnt there.
love you regardless
t(-__-)t tats
indeed. Words to live by. It's the year of the bird!!!
Jesmyn Ward's reading at Stanford was beautiful. The NBA couldn't have gone to a more talented and humble writer.
This is brilliant. Thank you.
What a fantastic accomplishment! Congrats! RT : Finishing my first Half Marathon!!
So much happiness is floating through the air. I LOVE feeling the need to smile while doing work.
I got cho protein right here.
good luck :)
Thank you for all you do to honor our heroes!
RT : I am ready for the next #teenhoot (:
Interested in a public relations internship this summer? -e-mail us. :)
weridly, it takes some avis'. so pelease. i'll try which ever worrk.
glad I could keep you all entertained!
Haha, that's awesome!
Yes, it was a flash mob.
saw u on mike and molly you and carl r funny together maybe you will get a spin off from this fingers cross : )
Goldilox Hair House...extensions that show more than tell.
Had a great weekend and finished it off with a great service at church. Ready for a great week.
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and others..IFLY
"End of Summer BBQ" Cooking class, 09.14.Hot Smoked Salmon, BBQ Chicken, Potato Salad & Watermelon Gazpacho! $40 pp. Call 404.681.4434.
When tweets I cry a little coz it doesn't go to our Facebook page. Make me smile, go to Comic Nation TV on Facebook and "like" it.
Please do! I need to know right now. RT : I'd like to ask this guy why he has a fake Louis Vuitton wallet.
I apologize for answering the question you asked
Sometimes... I order bloodies just for the toppings. Except by "sometimes," I mean every time.
Bout to lay it down 4da night Thx to my new followers :-)
Damn rain☔
1st sand volleyball game tonight...hope i don't act a fool!! better set me up!
Beat the snow, come get yourself some hot and sumptuous Indian Buffet, or just get it delivered!
Mayne my grandma dont never txt me no-moe!
and i wouldn't say its absolutely disqualifying, but it raises serious questions about his judgment
Same here, why do you think we never go to bed at normal times and stay up really late doing stuff.
nigga I know.
@ Hard Rock Hollywood. "Beware of the River!" Cash Game Poker Book.Come down to our Poker kiosk and get your Blue Shark Optics...
Hay I'm not fake fan of justin Bieber!!!!!!!!! For a long time I listen to his songs and sang them :-)
No presents yet :((
Wait I NEED Hot Wings.
Me too! RT : I can't believe that I am going to miss the super bowl game..
There 's no crying in weather!
Say Word RT aye I'm more than likely coming home tomorrow y'all
Bingo! RT Seems almost immoral to enjoy my morning coffee *this much.*
Any of my UMW friends have campus photos from Snowpocalypse 2010? I need one for my convocation speech tomorrow.
I get enough of that on the interstate.
sweet! More awesome members!
Teenage dream playing in mcDonalds <3
What a great day for American History at
Stay warm! I prefer many many layers of fleece. That is if I have to be outside. Heaters are nice too. Cheers!
Killing hataz softly with my love/ its that crucial killa love/ yeah that cornerboythug/ so what's good what's up
Cirbo was on the news for sleep texting. Haha
dang girl you go on vacation more than i do
Hehehe did John tell you bout him wanted to go to high school in Amherst!?
no problem ma, im slow sometimes lol Happy New Year
smile for me beautiful
City Ordinance of the Day: Glass in a glass free zone, FINE: $303, the Mifflin block party is a glass free zone
digital, media and global are the 3 new literacies
East Side
Hm boondocks?
Yes, it's the real Joe Frazier. Nice to meet you too!
I was bummed when I found out it was invite only :/
But it can be as long as 3-4 weeks!
11 days till the big 25!
#arlington speedtrap at George Mason and 10th St heading towards Wilson!
Thanks for the follow , my favorite Actor's Advocate!! :) oxo Your assistant and I grew up in the same area... #smallworld :)
puff and chill yung bull
It's a full moon in #hollywood - I have to go out!
No he doesn't. That's just stupid Long Islanders trying to convince you he does.
Best fight scene in a movie, Jason Bourne vs Desh, Bourne Ultimatum
Haha no but they must have known I was coming.
Damn it feels good to be a gangster.
Tim Duncan scored the Spurs' first 6 points. Tony Parker has 6 points. The Spurs lead the Jazz 14-13 at the first timeout.
laronda, oh my lord stop! lmao u are killing me! lol
Still looking for a girl to take out on a date .... =\,
when r u coming back to Boston. My wife and I loved the special tonight.
It's awful! I mostly can't go because it's a Tuesday & it interferes with other things :/ Wa!
i think so? I didn't talk to him! Who do you think i am, some social butterfly?
“I don't feel like texting” then don't have a phone.
watching a movie all by myself...
#23 do you hate me?
Wow, sagging is retarded..
Anyone else going to this year?
I thought the video was awesome, too.
we are glad to hear you like our place :)
the Murder Inc crew <<<<
lol. he's a douche. but I still love him unfortunately
stop expecting things from me.
So sad. They aren't used to a non-lapdog media. Gonna be a fun fall!
Why is fighting Michael McDonald on UFC paper-view right now?!
Everyone has that one little secret, that not even your best friend knows about you.
You know it!!!!! ...We need to take over management! (:
Im going fuckin shoe crazy right now!
we sure will! cheers!
(aside) I love the way that pronounces 's name. Just sayin'.
some local theaters have begun selling #harrypotter and the #deathlyhallows tickets. it won't be long now ... Yahooleee!!
RT - #indians whoopin that #reds ASS again. #cleveland owns kentucky.
A fine is a tax for doing something wrong. A tax is a fine for doing something right. Author Unknown
I need to stand side by side with my wife for you to see mine. It takes two pairs of buttocks.
Off to my first ever Zumba class.
Giving away Holiday World passes in 5 minutes...have your speed dial fingers ready to dial 239-1067
; i love you & i miss you
I feel like a bit of a sell-out since I've put a semi-slick on the rear wheel. See ya, rear Panaracer FireXC Pro! You have served me well!
We had a lot at Purdue. I'm sure the nuclear engineering dept. had something to do with that! Safety first.
i like the name, "Nick's Chocolate Paradise". Its catchy. And lol idk about those pony tail dudes.
30 minutes more...
:O that's mean
nice guys finish last
Thanks for following me #Welcome Following back... Have a gr8 weekend! ;)
thanks man! Will do!
Just recorded the most minimalist guitar solo ever on the track "unconditional" less is more.
i know she is so annoying she treats us like freaking babies
Hi there! Happy thanksgiving too...
I love you so much.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 18
SO to St Stephen's Green in #Philly for being wonderful hosts to the Philly Finnegans Wake Group. Go there and give them your money.
saw ur face on a few billboards round town. Schnazzzy
Life is to short... so add an extra e.
Libraries are the rural extension service of the information age.
On the plane! Headed for Chicago, then Vegas! Finally excited and ready! Wish us luck! Xo
remind me to share a video of my first year of teaching. YIKES! Thanks for joining the #ECET tweetworld!
totally terrible - do you know who they are using to stream?
I work with a register and as I tell the total to the customer sometimes I read it backwards lol
Writing a new song. Sounds like noise now... Soon it will be music though. im sure of it. Lol.
Glad they did, but Orange fans really failed tonight. #NoHomeCourt advtg. via “: Illinois is a dangerous team when they make runs."
i wonder if any ones wearing shorts tomorrow. derp
Finally done!! hurry home festivities starting soon
Long night at work...but I work for all I got..shorty got her own :)
She needs an interactive V-tech baby laptop. She's smart & will catch on quickly.
- Thanks for the mention! We are both cut from the same cloth - GET IT DONE!
People need to stop saying YOLO.
Where there's a Le Barron, there's hope.
Only if you follow us! :) btw- get your butt to MN. KS95 hasn't been playing you as much as they should be.
Watching 80's videos on VH1 Classic, Ahh! I miss the 80's!!!
Everyone go check out our music on Facebook!!! We are gonna have our Debut EP on March 30th so pumped
Driving 60 in a 35 and then realizing i don't have my license with me.
Your hot.😁
no!! It would be miserable with you
": Naw I'm not" I be hearing abt you & your groupies
I just ate about twenty cookies.. and milk(;
Harry Edward Styles
why don't you have no where to sleep?
Knew about them already.
Rudy's breakfast sucks
WTF it's the police. Apparently the house phone kept calling 911... How does that happen?
ight one more question!! you know how in pro tools u can do audiosuite. like eq one region! can u do that in logic? thanks!!
Thanks for the follow, Liz. What is your secret to getting so many followers?
it is easier to attack others than examine oneself. Keep fighting the good fight. You are a brave lady. Much respect.
And giving the rest of the world an opportunity to appreciate the music as well! There some dope artists comine out from the islands
listening to one direction. what else would i be doing? LOL
I can follow up with email questions later, but just want first impressions for now.
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. ~ Sammy Davis, Jr.
I wish you were awake right now so I could talk to u :(
I wonder if the Burn Book would happen on FB if Mean Girls were created today? 'Mean Girls' turns 8 years old today.
please follow me so I can reply to ur message
thank you sir
Meeting this morning to plan our fall newsletter issue. Anything you'd particularly like to see covered?
A pair of tickets to ' Earth Jam Fashion Benefit coming your way to win before 5p!
Hide ya kids Hide ya Wife RT is blowing up my news feed
It's been 2 months for me D: WAHHH
Guide To Clickbank - How to make money on hub pages
*Despicable Me* when he goes to the Bank of Evil & hits all those cars out the way to park
Hope it doesn't rain
o well ain't going to hurt my feelings but I bet tomorrow there will be words... lmao smh
You are soo beautiful OMG
come on haha
Preparing for Tennessee mornings tomorrow..Tune in between 8:30-9. I'll be singing a couple from the upcoming cd "Out of the Shadows".
Wtf I look like being a grown ass woman with kids taking another woman's purse & goin through her shit? Never that.
Back from Italy with more dances to teach! What a beautiful country :)
Great weekend at Officer Training! Now it's back to the grind before Thanksgiving in two days! Two tests stand in my way!
What are some of the cooler radio station shirt designs you have seen?
can we get some updates, 2 storied programs there
Do we loose punk points because in the office today we have the Bette Midler "For the Boys" on our netflix?
If they are not selling any gas, they will be inclined to reduce their prices. If they reduce their prices, the other companies will too
Been reading and connecting on & other sites, reading and...expanding my consciousness...sounds better than sleeping right?
Baseball practice, Tarpon Springs, Magic Game then New Smyrna Beach.Lets go!
You are our hero! Thanx for the tweet 'craving confessions'!!
Shout out to for keeping us posted on the status of the referendum!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 2
very cool
I posted a status and now people think I'm moving back home..
Why do i still give af'
Lol! Yay! And you're invited to & my wedding on 11/15/11 my bday when I'm old enough to legally get (c)
I agree to the content vs. fan idea. There are lots of museums that have great collections but are crappy museums.
pretty good, how'd mommys day go?
wat happen to my video
Surviving the Applewhites by Stephanie S. Tolan: Bad Kid Makes Good...
After watching on #BizarreFoods Syria, I want to take my wife and 3+ month old newborn there. Crazy?
Yep, I feel exactly the same way. It's a good realization, though, because there's always a clear road to happiness.
Big Fair is rocking it at the Children's Hospital Boston Battle of the Bands!
Once you fall for someone's personality, everything about that person becomes beautiful.
for a good min, I'll be here thou check dm
thinking that play always has NO construct is a narrow view
Couldn't watch rangers win! Rcn does not offer nbc sports bo.
hahahahahha "WE'RE SO TAN!!" ... *3hours later* sunburt red ass gross lobster hahahaha
Now we don't beef bout nthn unless money involved...
It's hard to get out of bed when you know that all you'll be doing is studying all day
I hate so bad.
#middlefingerup To The Ones That Did Me Wrong Including Family
money from strangers
I love you too much to let you go.
hey please RT this and follow me
As an Aggie, I'm sure you'd change your mind if Baylor produced a few ewes.
Robert Downey Jr is by far my fav actor
YOU CANT TELL ME NUN CUZ iDUN BEEN THRU iT ALL
It was big success! We had 670 donors!!
I want to be Shooter McGavin. (D-WHY)
Another spectacular win for the home team #Broncos 13 vs #Chicago 10 in overtime
IM trying to just vibe tonight
We were super picky with selection - everyone's been on top ten lists w/ LA Times, LA Weekly, Buzzbands, etc or
yeah thats true! hate being forced to work in silence. -.-
thanks!! Why am I on the RnR San Diego website right now??? :)
Have you guys heard 's new single "I'm Not A Gangsta"? It's totally hot right now and in the clubs!
I wanna run and smash into u just once
I see you speaking, but I just hear piano!
Thank u! Thank u! We appreciate the follow and luv ur tweets! :-)
Do you think #Facebook's purchase of #Instagram means that there will be no more "Share to #Twitter" feature?
Season Opener is away at UWM, follow closely as gameday approaches for more news and updates!
#Germany is bailing out #Greece & I'm in for it all!
one of the guys on the bachelorette just said the corniest thing of life.
5/12. Celebrate spring w/ live music, complimentary wine & appetizers on The Bakken Museum's beautiful outdoor terrace! www.thebakken.org
I think I'm just going to start rumors about reunion shows and will them into existence.
Old creeper walkin down the aisle and I have no clue what he said #Some1TellMe!!
glad u enjoyed the John Williams. Glad we made ur lunch more enjoyable! Thanks for listening.
RT : How are you going green for #EarthDay? Tell us and you could #win these eco-friendly goods from ! Rules:...
So, the grand total of the Personal Details section: Height. Hmmppfftt.
Did u pass
i hate the wait. prefer the direct injection from the dot com.
Kick it out only if you can't make the shot! PS I think you are Great!!
😂😂😂 RT : I don't care if they pay you in Trident gum OJ , don't you leave us!
Hope your week is going well!
the pursuit of happiness starts within. Too many times we look to others or situations to make us happy when it's really your own choice!
Sacha Baron Cohen is a tool. I get making a statement but he's just an ass.
tell the boys I miss them!
Cp3 rips everyone I swear
Thanks for the retweet, this is vital information!
It tends to do that from time to time. Not really sure why.
heard about you through VIP. You need a designer huh? Want to get coffee soon and chat?
wow...so much packed into that little 2-tweet story. greatness.
No man is an island. Those who believe they are tend to be deserted.
you are such an inspiration to me!!! when im upset i just watch the videos with you in them and you make me smile! thanks<3
at least Verlander's throwing in triple digits….IN THE 9TH
1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open pantry. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards. 4. Repeat.
we are! ;D
look at my fancy Accord dude!
I was overseas in Europe. So I missed it. I can imagine. Throwback uni's for the #Jays and the blacks on the
Connor just needs to turn and talk to maci!!!
Had a blast at Sweet Georgia's Juke Joint on P'tree! Check it out.
why is it that the mistress is always busted looking?
Do something that makes you feel great tonight, as long as it doesnt hurt anybody
Lol what's the point of a team if half the kids only play 5 minutes per game LOL OK I hate sports, happy I quit soccer
Peach Cutoff and redbull... Yeah... I think I got a new drank. This shit good AF....
are you taking Valium? If you are like me, that made everything worse.
#rocketfizz delivery to the studio, that's how you start the morning!
So glad the rain has held out for the game. Go Yankees!!!
It is amazing how two imperfect people, Fit together so perfectly <3
Wynnicism #5: It amazes me sometimes how contagious ignorance is. What about Love?...and Patience and Understanding??? I think being ...
I meant to say have a fun day!
I think I might love her as well.
you'll be missed ;-(
Look some one understands RT : hell no I'm 18 and watch regular show all the time
Y'all knoe I been COLEWORLD bt that drank in cup freestyle was pissy!! Jus like work out
Love that #POTUS recognizes value of community colleges for our improved economy.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
#ThatPerfectMoment when you think you have had the worst day ever and then you see his face and it suddenly becomes the best day ever
RnBThrowBacks R-kelly bump & grind
Congrats to Ryan Gentry on his 3rd place finish and nice score at harrah's rincon.
thx, you too!
I haven't lost faith. The next episode, for sure
3 more day for mothers day
Classic Slice North Ave is 1 today!!! Come celebrate with us! Double punches on slice and pie cards tonight 5-close!
Retweet and follow if you want to see my young, big boobs :))
#Telljimmy to stfu joshua deserves full credit and killed the whole show last nite
You are dangerously close...but ultimately wrong. Keep guessing, fella.
ya no problem anytime man!
just heard Tulo is supposed to be on Intentional Talk tomorrow - MLB Network
Good Morning wishing everyone a happy Friday. Please don't forget to visit www.thecoupondeal.com for the latest offers.
"Why I hate Facebook"- Brilliant. Fuck Facebook. Deleted my account this past Saturday.
Watching a reporter in Annapolis on CNN...I'm worried about my East Coast people!
The vodka bout to start flowing
GOODNIGHT TWITTER
looking out the window ---then WHO'S WATCHING THE ROAD! LOL!
Bounce Sporting Club & present "The Kick Off" NFL Draft Party 4/24/12 Sounds by Launch of
Thanks for joining me here from
they are definitely overpriced. I didn't know you cant set the optimal power, that's just silly
So excited for game 7!!! #blueandyellow BABY!!!!!!
ah that sucks! .. what is plan for tomoz... noon?
Hair appointment tomorrow: considering trading in my caramel highlights for garnet ones. Yay or nay?
my site stats have becom my therapist: "anne raquel trubek fishing for compliments" I'll get you back, !
Canada: Justin Bieber. Australia: Cody Simpson. UK: One Direction. USA: ?
Got my graduation dress today(:
the next person that says "if" and not "when" the zombie apocalypse happen is going to get cut
Didn't know about it! Thanks! We'll try to check it out and pass on the info! Merci!
What is MentorTech Ventures?
My tweets are not for you to judge. I tweet my thoughts for myself, your welcome for granting you permission to listen.
I want to go home.
such a solid album!!!!
Yeah, giving the ball to Mario Chalmers to shoot it makes COMPLETE SENSE there
Aye now that's my song turn that up lol but sit down
not at that moment I did do a bunch at christmas...
I'm jealous of every girl that has ever hugged him. Because for that short second, she held my whole entire world.
Summer Show: Company Shorts. Finally all cast. 1st read-throughs this week. Very exciting!!! Get ur tix: www.theatrecompany.biz
The good news is Jesus is back. The bad news is he uses "your" and "you're" incorrectly.
Just heard my teacher say homesexual ahahhahaha
I've had a lot of help along the way thanks to you!
If you love someone don't let them go just too see if they come back because they might find someone else who holds them down
If everyone were able to fix whats wrong with themselves and not worry about whats wrong with others,the world would be better.
hanging with my baddest bitch !!!
awww thank you :) brought a :) to the muse today :) ♥ Aoede ♪♫
Would you get in trouble for saying dirty things? lol
Getting so stoked for the & concert with & !! Extra stoked 's goin!
RT : follow back...DONE!
No rain on our parade - the Wash. Met library opens in 30 minutes!
yea that's what all the over weight americans say...even though I know your not ;)
has $20 #wine bottles all night long. Would you be interested in these kinds of #specials for the #shastic Beta? -
I tried for the first time a few weeks ago and now I'm addicted. Delicious!
weekends like that make me miss college
I like my MacBook Pro, but it's nice to be back to three monitors.
Sen. Ron replied to some online petition I signed with a boilerplate full of teahadist talking points. Does that count?
off of the shots fired soundtrack radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.
you crazy.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
#smh such a disappointment .! 😠
Slow ashh. Nigga lol if u listen to asap rocky u listen to kendrick lemar
I missed it, I was away and wasn't able to see it. Incredible story, can't believe they play a whole game.
Why does Jello have a smell when you add the powder in the water,
is addictive. I can't stop adding things to my wishlist...
k ill meet u in the auditorium
I like seriously hate everyone in my class, like I can't tolerate anyone, like stfu you're not funny, you're annoying.
“: okay wow i dont feel loved ALL me brothers and my sister want me dead.”im ur cuzin and i dont wanna you dead
I believe im a redneck
"GOP Rep: Federal Student Loans Have Given America 'Stage 3 Cancer Of Socialism'" #huffpost Maybe this guy can get Stage 4
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
well everything is back :) .
right lmao yo i got scared, and it take alot to scare me.
RT : #RelationshipsRequire sacrifice, commitment and leverage. Not all about you or them, it is about you both. Equally.
": Vote for Alonzo Jones aka #TURF #TeamTurf and hit for direct #TURF info. #Retweet &
"If you a make a sale you make a living.If you make an investment of time in a customer, you can make a fortune" Jim Rohn
hey now!! OHIO!!
no the guy was like 40!
j.cole
At We lik to party. Kum vibe with the prettiest bartender... Me! Lolz
Already saw my first proton pack. Now off to a party!
I'm fine. Wbu?
How was everyone's weekend? Mine was ballin', I tried my luck learning how to jerk on Thanks for teaching me !
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale County until 03:30 PM
& those who do are in the restricted section anyway MT : "Nobody likes pain for its own sake" is a pretty good start to a TOS.
good call. Just switched it over.
": So much hate I need AK!" Say ye say ye
Spent the evening at , engaging in critical conversations about the future of education :)
Im never really that insane... Unless someone steals my heart...
Bout 2 inbox u my number mama!!!
Got to get ready and write down my many questions to ask the post office. So many different shipping plans to consider.
People who spam need to realize that nobody is looking at their "newest banger" or "dope video". Take time to actually network.
This is ugly. Marshall better slap some composure into the team at halftime, or we're going to see that 12/5 upset in the next hour. Frown.
maybe Buenos Aires.
Come on, the "Chapter 11 Theater" line was fantastic.
SO CLOSE CAN YOU FEEL IT?
Why wouldn't we save the Captain for your birthday and drink incredible hulks for the Avengers?
Howdy, work partner! Hope you're enjoying your Friday!
happy Easter to you too I miss our jam sessions
I approve. :) Beer makes an appearance in my slide deck as well.
ugh, I totally just got sucked into watching The Kardashians
Lost a lot, but a lot of that weight was lean muscle mass. Good mental exercise. I recommend doing it once to see your patterns
that's how I'm feeling too. Let's continue to focus on writing instruction.
Indeed >> RT : Always stay close to fam! Girlfriend, Boyfriend & Friend all have END in them! Family is forever!
tter, couldn't get there:( Hope u enjoyed & made some connections!
Watching Tina Marie....wow hard to believe she's gone.
its cool I've stayed in different places but I plan on moving to Florida in the nxt couple of years
is great to follow - very active in the Twitter sphere
Damn, Riley almost screwed up! That was a cop on her massage table!! Lol
what's your favorite song from them?
Great second day at school! Shower time :)
glad you made it home safely!
Why are you being harsh and embarrassed about it. Own it, live it, don't be shy or you're just frontin'
all she did was stand up for herself and now you call her someone that's being a boss to you?! yeah no, you gtfo, not her.
Of course. You and Greg will be invited. :) Love you both.
think I just felt an earthquake for real
It's NBC Miami that's reporting that D. Rose injury.. Think I'll wait to hear it from espn..cause that sounds like miamis wet dream
This cats dad is fucking killing me rite now! Lmmfao!
my 6 yr old niece: "grandpa are you a player?" Grandma: "yes, he's a women player!", , HAPPY SATURDAY
"I gotta see the landing strip" - *REAL TEARS*
New Thursday night starts this week called "Bangers and Mash" Launch Party April 30 with Drop the Lime @ SSL
Do what makes you happy, do what you need to do to 'create' a smile.
game back on! RT : Luckily I'm in Florida getting back to my ways
OMG that photo
I'll spread the word. :)
I sure love musicals too!
All effective innovations are the result of passionate simplification in design, processes and procedures.
cost? who cares, you can finance ur 24 flash spinners for only $2500 each!!
what'd u do to ur facebook?
You're not alone, friend!
"Welcome to my world fuck yo girl i am legendary." -
I'm tired.
Draw something night at work
yes NCL Pearl w/blt in Germany he w/aboard 4C testing
25 is good. But ill be 22 forever.
good morning
watching true blood with my friends...this show is getting a lil silly now. :)
wise words. “: sleep”
yep, we don't do that in the Mil lol
Fave purchase: Intellectual Freedom Fighter bag (featuring titles of banned books) from the Unshelved guys &
I'm new in town. What's one Portland holiday tradition/place I shouldn't miss this year?
its all in what you do with your thoughts when they come to you.. however they come to you.. or however you can get them to come to you
Have you checked out Wine Vault's Thurs & Fri bargain menus? Great 3-course meal at $20 plus $12 wine flight. Can't be beat for quality.
#4hb just works. Boring but effective (and I'm barely exercising)
Just tweeted her-be back 1:15
already have written about that one several times.
I'm looking for a 1 bedroom guest house/apartment for me. Preferably in the Studio City, NoHo, Sherman Oaks & surrounding areas. Msg me!
i will never kno what hes thinking when he looks at me that way hahaa
you don't have to thank me your fire!!! ;-) so thank you!!!
YOU ARE SO AWESOME!
QoTD: "Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." (George Bernard Shaw)
Excited For New Jonas Album 36
watching THE INN KEEPERS and really enjoying it! First act, stopped to make pop corn...
whats wrong with YOU?????
Welcome to Twitter ! Can't wait to hear more about your dating experiences!
Why you acting tough, heard you work at Build A Bear
Great advice.
which time are you talking about? You cried twice
just log in to the one you don't want, go to account settings and delete!
you didn't bother me. Thanks for letting me know what you are up to. I can still pass along info despite my tastes. Cheers
Fun day on console with hoping for a successful test of some of our hardware. Cross fingers!
": No reason to complain about anything when God gives you another day of life. Always be grateful!"
All 7 contestants remaining r good - didn't bother me to see Jessica almost go home. Veto is gone - next week should be fun.
I hope u ready! I'm ready to see nicki minaj in concert!
I miss you too! When are you coming to Dallas?
when you getting up here son ?
Hello :) hows your vacation? x
Concha y Toro is the World's Most Admired Wine Brand for the 2nd year running, according to a survey by
are questioning his awesomeness
#USHLI Thanks and to Col Peggy combs for their leadership and support.
Can't stand it
RT "You just can't beat the person who won't give up." - Babe Ruth
yep. I lose myself before the concert even starts. But on a serious note...I'm actually more excited for the doggie olympics.
second "now should be" *not
Tonight I will stay up all night just to vote for :D Even though I have school tomorrow ... it's alright
I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
RT . THIS SATURDAY!!! MCFADDENS IS HOSTING RASHAD EVAN'S UFC AFTER PARTY!!!!
true its no disaster he's great but if you close your eyes and listen, i take ms houston. and def not dolly parton =)
Fuck bitches, get $$$.
ask -- She's a pro at gluten free and she is an amazing pastry chef!
Me: I can never spell necessary. Him: Why would you need to? Me: I find necessary a very necessary word.
Guarantee turn a square into a bi bitch..
A Kentucky wildcat fan4 ever go big blue
flashing foam sticks tonight?!?
#Russell got in a fight?!
This past week have enjoyed 3 Canadian brands in NYC - , , and -- go Canada!
#IT & #Web Business Info
You know you had a fun night when you wake up with a burrito in your pocket!
going to TJs tomorrow. Thanks for the tip!
Going to be a long offseason for Kyle Williams
Is anyone going to the #TimMcGraw and #LadyAntebellum #concert tonight?
get us some followers
#SometimesAllAGirlWants to be reminded that you want her happy.
" Chat with artist Kristin Lucas today noon, at 1100 East 5th.
Summit Park Hospital and Nursing Care Center may be forced to close
The world gonna end this year:our mixtapes gotta b like Bibles :
Ron Swanson is my co-pilot.
Nash, Rivers, Bucks' staff take home PBWA honors
The fear of failure is perhaps the greatest hindrance to success.
At this point, I'm thinking I want to take more public policy & finance/stats classes if I can.
We create the best hashtags! :)
But why should they if you're gonna name-call her for how she chooses to dress?
Got that right!
I'm done with the soy whip in the can because it NEVER works.
Keep believing that, dear.
Amazon is currently running a promotion on my book "Dogs I Have Met." Kindle edition is just $3.99; sales rank is #377 out of all titles.
I think I may develop gossip withdrawal from you,
I love the fact that gamers have a night to celebrate. I never dove into Diablo, but believe me when I say I'm stoked you guys are happy.
bod is so sore from last nights dance moves
Whoa! Usually people don't wake up from dreams like that. Congrats :)
^___^ thanks. It's only getting bigger sadly lol.
If you don't like the negative thoughts in your mind, think the opposite!!!
lol yeeeaa dude im workin late but im gunna try and make it up there to get shitty real quick wit you guys.
This outward Spring and garden are a reflection of the inward garden.-- Rumi
#NFB GO FOLLOW HIM. WE DO THIS #MUSIC ISH.
Its Already 2012 In New Jersey?! Its Barley 9:07 Here in LA!! :O
oh really? it just recently showed up for me for some reason :P
Great! So happy you had a great time
An ad: online treatment for internet addictionJ.
Sorry, had to be done. My love for His Bidenness is a BFD.
The Notorious T.O.M. visited mater academy last night
It's National Bagel Day! What is the best bagel topping?
Free ticket giveaway at the next #FreshCoastFridays. Come out tomorrow from 6-10p at Ryan Braun's Waterfront Grill for your chance to win.
NF the ONE n ONLY SEXY !”)
Buying fruit for my boys soccer game. Dude at the sto spoke arabic, spanish, and english
God know my heart, and He know I'm a work in progress...oh yeah, you suck at Bejeweled, step your game up or hush up.
Happy Friday every body!!
Whats good how can I get one of my artist down with the team check him out
Mention you support TCC when you grab a bite at , , , , &
Style sheet gem from Joe Abbott: "so-called + quotation marks = overkill." Authors and unrepentant ironists, take notice.
Oh snap they got a basketball wives CHICAGO YAY YAY!!!!!!
Great! I look forward to it.
my life is ruined.
Them Lewis chessmen are really something, especially the berserker one, who bites his shield b/c he's so eager to fuck someone up.
One of the dogs is taking up half the couch. She allows me the other half.
Get ready to get Whipped this week as we bring you to this Saturday Night!!!
How cool! Wish there were an unabridged version where he gets to adventure more on the upper level before getting caught.
Runway is on mind...really thinking about it! Lol!
Syracuse has a lot of white guys on their team, then there are the guys who play.
I need to get studio time and a model before friday. ugh
the human brain operates as fast as the slowest brain cell
the stock hit the 1,80's 3 times, 1.90's once. Hitting my above short term target 4 times.
Lady Antebellum announced that their OWN THE NIGHT 2012 WORLD TOUR will be in VA BEACH at FARM BUREAU LIVE AT VIRGINIA BEACH on Sunday 6/10
at least the employee who delivered the baby got the rest of the day off. Socialism!
#oomf is a fool with it lmao wow
i fucks with it!!!!
Really don't want to vacuum my room. Though I know I should.
Looking for some playmakers...
A guy like you should wear a warning!
Computers are a necessary evil - it is difficult to go an entire day without one.
whos going to the NKOTBSB concert in phoenix Arizona? I'm planning to. :)
Had a good day. Been working my ass off all week. I have pushed product this week!
Damnit, I'm late
love you too. #pacoforpresident incase you bitches didn't already know!!
Merry Christmas 2009 Everyone!!
Tweet Tweet
and #rest351, could you provide examples from the text to support this statement? :)
happy birthday to Spike Lee
A WISE MIND IS WELL WOKEN SO IT SPEAKS FOR ITSELF
FArthritis thanks for following me on Twitter!
or walk… walking might be safer.
I only count my blessings when I remember that I've never taken a religious person seriously.
My butt does, in fact, get cold sometimes (and yes, when I'm wearing pants). I can relate to "butt ass cold".
Follow for her birthday 2day to get her to 300 followers! ~<3
omg, you totally made me laugh out loud with that one.
We are lookin for independent and/or unsigned country music artists & bands! If you are one & would like music reviewed, contact us!!
True but Im going to error on the side of the technicals which look bearish to me
I know like they already came to our house. My mom is just hard headed
We love you too! Congrats Big Time Rush!
94 on my anatomy final today too!! :) how about you?
Charlotte is a mess she needs to stop !
Playing on my violin for the first time in like, 6 years. Yeah I still know how!
I never win 50/50 either :( : I'm not playing the 50/50 here anymore.
Oranges are hitting the pitch. Hopefully my sore muscles loosen up quickly (that's what I get for a big weight room day after weeks of nada)
Taking my advise you would be hedged or very short in equities now. Rolling shorts make money even in up markets. This is the BEAR
You are welcome
RT : Do you know an AASL member who has recently received an award or been spotlighted in an article? Let us know! Email .
The world is a vampire
I see yout Twitter has gotten a lot of followers in a short time frame. We need more families like the Hammers.
talking in person >>
let interview you for representing #westernPa. and #Pittsburgh in www.viewsandvoices.com!
I'll check it out, Kathy.
el punto es que sea real-time y no por el Twitter,que sea como una conversacion
oh Joe...that was deep!!!!
OMG WHEN?! WE MUST HANG OUT WHILE YOURE HERE
Childbirth is hard for women, but what about kid? Baby's head is smushed. It looks like this (). Takes 24 hrs to round out. Thaz long day
Oh snap!! Way to get em #WVU :)
And how many realize that's what it will take? ...and how many are even willing to do that? Sigh. It just seems hopeless.
Yeah She's good girl... Please protect her : )
Don't be mad at me cause you can't get right
Just hit me I get to see and Dan P. in a little over a week. Havent been this excited since 3 days ago when I found my fav lip gloss
hi! How the heck r u? Where r u now? How's life? We miss u in SD!
"Cause I always thought no matter what a smile could make you stay."
Omg! Robert stop! Your gonna make me fall in love<3
on my way to get my Harry Potter tickets! WOO HOO!!
Scot Lehigh: Tim Cahill was incredibly ambitious but he was somewhat ethically oblivious. There needs to be accountability.
"There's a reason..." - "I don't believe in reasons."
PLEASURE IS ALL MINE!!!!!
Dear Blackberry, Why the cellphone with white color are costlier than the black one. Sincerely, Stop being racist.
“: Ayes 68, Nayes 31 - #VAWA was just passed by the Senate! now on to the House. #immigration” Excellent news, but 31 no votes?
" All good things must come to an end. " I disagree.
There goes your overall #1 seed with 22 points at the half, lol. What a terrible first half.
": Banging that Ol dipset double album down the I 95 #classic"memories lovely times
Couldn't sleep at all last night.
Thanks for the follow, Tom. Like what is going on with MPR's #DailyCircuit. Like to hear from more Europeans - local and abroad.
WHATS THE POINT OF WEARING NEW SHOES IF U GONE PUT SOME OLD DINGY MIX-MATCH SOCKS ON???
Fast five is my favorite one thus far
Editing the video trailer for my book with my brother the filmmaker. Soon to come!
Jamming out to with and ! :D Omg its soo amazingg ! <3
Can not wait to join the Y!
Seen on CNN there is a new smart phone App being introduced that anyone with in 150 ft of each other can see each others photos. Creepy!!!
THANK YOU. Wonderful news, IT'S NOT BROKEN. God is so good and we are SO thankful. Thanks for your prayers. 😘
Love it.
I loved your tips on making Homework time easier for kids with ADHD
Bruce Nelson, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
At the diner 3 blocks away, I didn't feel the #earthquake that emptied out & everyone else at our Queens bldg. Weird!
If yesterday's parties were not enough for you and you plan on partying through the weekend dont forget to restock the fun juice!
Drinkin' alize with cereal for breakfast
who the fuck are u
people ate the fish too. Ewwwwww.
What's yo fantasy?
slow day, made slower by powerpointing
Dude, I know I had an awesome time!
BREAKING: Colorado House speaker says lawmakers reach impasse on civil unions bill; legislation dies.
shucks..... just trying to Rep the burque.. u coming back in March?
Den I get dis random restricted call n to no who called, is a big shok. I'm n aww n like it must be a set up
#Writers — #UNOILUVU. | So much-I want you to hook up w/ literary agents/editors 2 get published [ #Tweetup 5.16 @ 12 Noon]
the first hour was a lot better than I expected but he tanked terribly near the end. Not his fault though, awful skits.
Bail bonds. When you care enough to help someone who was having an awesome weekend but crossed the line. Oops.
Good morning dirtbags. Remember, before you go crying to the chief about our dirty police work, we can still kill you and get away with it.
Wow. I'm sure will be at the NY tour stop. RT : Journey with Benatar/Loverboy??!! SO THERE!!
I Am nt tryin to b ur wife... YET in the next 5 to 10 years if im nt married then i will give up on men
I detest community bathrooms.
Need to stay married, so sadly won't make the trip. Spending "soccer wknd away" card in Montreal this wknd for #IMFC-#RBNY!
Waking up to good morning texts :)
It sounds like people walking on a path, waves. More waves. Oh wait. Those are gun shots. Lots of gun shots. -Me, listening to a rap tape.
Oh sorry.....thought the government took that program over too, Boss
The Weave SNATCHER '-' ←cool Name
MT : That Twitter only goes so far, and the time has come for a conference on #musesocial. Set the table.
I will send them. Thanks!
Good morning!! How are you? I'm kinda tired so I'm going to hit SUBWAY for breakfast and coffee. Join me!
. How about this for our brewery?
#ConfessionTime i want another ymcmb song, all together again,like 'bed rock' omg
“: No Drake, I'm da best. Best he ever had.” Lmao <3
RT - Taylor will sign a one-day contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars on Friday.
At end of legislative session, without ever holding public hearing, legislators voted to reduce nursing care standards for FL nursing homes
I know you like to avoid negativity but when do we start worrying about Diem? Are Link or Rietz comp @ RT going into next year?
K nevermind, figured it out :)
Thank you!!
Will this be the second one? I loved the first one!
Checking out the new album from 22 y.o. saxophonist Hailey Niswanger...1st time I've heard her & I like what I hear so far
Can't wait until Sun to see the #ParadeofLights? Watch ABC's Makeover where we put 1 together for a deserving family in Aug(!)
It amazes me how often my mom and I wear similar clothes or colors. Olive green skirt/shorts and white tank/tee today
hope you're having fun in KS and the very cool ICT!
So... You're telling me that you dont want to invest in a car wash business???
omg :) soo cutee <3 yeah haha you guys matched, you look cute what you talking about .
Follow for some great social justice reporting from Guilford College students in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Gotta call my crazy ass momma tomorrow
uh-Maa-zing love it “: it makes cute lil R2 noises when you turn it off/on #nerdgeek”
#brewers win! T plush!
AMAZING use of the macro filter!
Latest poll in Portland Mayor's race suggests 30% of female voters have yet to make up their mind.
Paul not Weller
And they weren't about Dick Clark!
some fun, some not so much.... Tweeted pic of me at party... You will see what I look like... Ha!
new web site! www.nejm.org
Watching Doomsday Preppers and decided that instead of prepping for the end of the world, I'd rather enjoy life today.
Generators ate noisy and inform the enemy; solar much quieter : strategic advantage
Packers pick Nick Perry good choice
Yup, twitter "lost" our account and our 17,000 followers!!! We are starting fresh. Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the follow. Happy to
Pat Summit to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor our country has to offer. Well deserved.
Surprisingly common conversation at #gencon sales booth: "We are sold out of all our 3X shirts, but we have a mountain of smalls"
bring her with you is alicia right
don't think you can go back:)They got their commission.It's all good. Inform new agent of conflict. You were great,they renewed
Watson will solve the riddle on my blog May 13 if nobody else does first
“It's never too late--in fiction or in life--to revise.” - Nancy Thayer
What stops innovation from flowing from the developing world to the rest? Hubris.
I think Im gonna kill someone, Im not losing him! EVER</3 I can feel my heart breaking.. :(
ok so fuck everybody and all ur ideas ...Fresh lol
WTF Wednesday at Davenport Lounge SA Right Now!
make us proud u.s ladies
#pupuplatter wasn't as good as I remembered it 25 years ago
Are we living? Or are we just a figment of imagination.
Boy, you havent been around me long enough. I know exactly how to talk when trying to get hired or even get an app.
at the hospital. looks like baby is coming.
changed my avatar, hope you mamas are having fun out there! Chai latte this morning, yummy!
Pretty rattled for hitting the #bucciovertimechallenge on the head and getting no love
Do you have Ms. Johnson second period??
Slow walkers....those suck
Cucina Toscana is amazing! I live in SLC & am cyberstalking #altsummit I work a block from Grand America so might sneak in!
Restless night.
got a rocking gig lined up at Sat 12th Novemeber. Grab a burger and rock out to the best 80's cover band in LA!
O, *catches kiss* ;)
So did Wisconsin gain or lose jobs?
lol don't worry about it
By being able to provide environmental professionals with the documents they need your Phase I ESA will meet its deadline
Check out "Quest" mode on #GoogleMaps... Makes the map look like an old video game... Guess that's their #AprilFools joke
The love fern is dead... No hunny its just sleeping
Add me to the list! Can't wait! MT 's Want to see live tweets from #ISConf attendees? Just reply to us!
Thank You! Happy #WW to all!
Congress says "When we fail to successfully educate on the front-end, we all fail on the back-end"
I'm seriously hoping she does! Can't stand her annoying persona
Dear #michigan.. The game started at 4pm.. Just thought you should know, your friends at
Graduate with March. :))
unless I am hail marrying a shot because everyone else is to tall. Ha.
a little jealous your in #Cali! Hope you do well!
Bad news arrives with Browns rookies at minicamp (The Associated Press)
alright then i will just do that
“: I'm gonna skate to one song and song only” and I hope it's iPhonic
I knowww how are you!! >.<
Reason 1: I have the leadership, qualifications and vision to move Alpha to the next level of excellence and service.
People REALLY need to keep their opinions to themselves sometimes...
So this guy said "so wait you're a janitor? That's your profession?"..like I've said before dumb sh*t doesn't need a response !
Can't wait til Paranormal Challenge premieres tonight! So excited to see my man :)-
#What2ChainzWouldSay Yo Girl Thirsty Need GATORADE, Report Cards? Bad GRADES, No Allowance Still Gettin PAID, Her Pussy Sour LEMONADE!
Is there a study of the female editors of #giftbooks ? Students sensing research possibilities!
IT’s TODAY! 8 fast fixes to immediately increase your energy & performance! Want more energy? Exhausted by the afternoon? Always tired? Get…
heck yeah!
that gum u gave me today was so addicting I had to go and buy some haha
I haven't. I heard it looks really, like, tablet like.
“: The rule that says a ball that grazes a guy's uniform should count as a hbp is ridiculous.” Why don't players wear XXXL?
I hate when ppl bitch over small shit...
Bourbon over ice. Period.
is it the anorexia in her voice?
Immigration again</3
Anyone know y #CQ5 RTE image support let's u drag but drop fails? Unstructured image node with string property features=*
I just earned the Rookie badge on #Yelp!
that tweet you put abt a Lemon Wedge Lmao!
Hahahaha I was gonna tag that tweet with #nopicsplease haha
A female doctor traded sex for health care with an uninsured patient....i'm pretty sure that's not included in Obamacare...
#Miami (FL) withdraws from bowl consideration due to ongoing NCAA inquiry
I'm bored.
Thank you for your amazing support!
Tonight on WGN News at 9... Bodies in caskets piled in a storage room, the man who uncovered the secret shares his search for the truth.
Who's working Super Cross? This chick :D
A bustling lobby here for the #CTAC. Big thanks to for donating some drinks, people love them! #whodoesnt?
But of course!
You all need to go follow matt malpass of The Cinema we might be collaborating in the near future... ;)
Carrie Underwood's "Before He Cheats" karaoke style>>>>>
Welcome, small town person like me.
their last album was weak.
Stop attacking people for having differing opinions than yours, you're being equally oppressive.
God is my GPS...."He Will Guide You"
absolutely, Carrington can cover
My apologies. 10 seconds off of the 18th.
Tell me more. Regards and cheers.
I wondered why they needed cameras for "roadwork" MT Watch The Williamsburg Bridge Blow Up In The New Dark Knight Rises Trailer
Almost done with post. Will be finished in December. Thanks for asking. RT : when does the film wrap?
Nice to hear the pharmacy was a welcome reminder. Thanks for sharing your memory of Jack!
Paul Burch at Ginger Man!
No not all of us want something from you.
My pleasure.
oh!!! Good morning you sexy piece of azz!!!
Pondering over what my next painting will be once I hit the 2-week break before my next class begins. Something mysterious I think . .
Good Morning<33
that's one of ours!
I'm chilling by the bus and by chilling I mean freezing.
guess what?! :)
we all know you aren't hitting a lick above .150
DSL is not available in my area, as it is considered "rural." One more reason to move?
Sometimes you wear it on your sleeve:-)
Make Your REALITY OR live in someone else's.
heheh! I love you! Closet cleaning date ASAP!
You never sleep lol . txt me
Save $15 OFF on order of $75 or More when you buy from dog.com use code SAVsurf Rise & Grind Family Matters.
I just asked someone about the size of their data set. I feel dirty.
#Marketing w/social media means building up your brand on multiple platforms. Each has a language and audience of its own!
I take it you guys and gals are chill'n in the big L.V. tonight, i.e no iPhone Live?
SO CLOSE YOU TASTE IT
He will, when his contract is up
Thank you for using our website! There's so many fun books out right now - almost too many to read!
Steady throwing me shade lbs
Just read some of your work about unsigned acts! Thanks a ton. Been looking for tangible info like this for a decade
Any time I watch a movie I put on two pairs of underwear...because I laugh so hard I pee my pants, ya lets go with that
video tribute time.
it gotta come with complimentary Kool aid packets and KFC coupons RT�GhostwritaMusic: if you want one of custom glow-in-the-dark durags�
I know. I owe Jvo a steak dinner. Might have to buy a 1/4 cow
lol win den
ehh. It would be amazing if you'd follow me (:
pissed off. hate my life.
we need to hang out! I miss my wittle seventh grader!!!
Please stand by...
Uh. Have you even read my site? LOL. Yeah, no, as long as it's not, like, "OMG OSHIE I WANNA HAVE YOUR DRUNK BABIES" 24/7.
Likewise brother!
The fact that I'm going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow....I can't even explain. So much talent rolled all into a 5'7" ginger. He's amazing.
Y'all old pictures ugly ass fuck
doing anything after work?
": no "e" in that bye Barney Fife. Surprised didn't catch that one". Yes there is dunce!
- most definitely glad to see you Olena, will be at the studio a couple more times this week for
I'm following you, now you follow me!!! SOMETIMES friend! ;)
since u took up my timeline, hello!! Can I get a RT #
By the way, the common thread? Cut up the credit cards! But you knew that already, didn’t you?
The Joy of Painting or Xavier? Hm
May you be remembered by people circulating their favorite doodles by you.
wait are you here!!! I'm at my car! Where are you?
Google refine is very useful for dealing with messy spreadsheets. Who knew? Thanks
good work!
I have been napping way too much :c
ah hopefully! I've seen him near the tour busses and thats it :p the flashmob is for 1D were recording it! This is the
Playin truth or date at work. 😂
bra what it do
Process Lola Process
welcome to twitter! ;)
#songsillnevergettiredof What Do You Say -Mickey Avalon
Me you = my room now. Pants off! Let's get crazy!
"Come on class this isn't rocket science," says my english teacher. Me looking at her like This Bitch?
:D Im glad and sad to hear that!! :) Lucky me and Unlucky u. = / Good job with the Followers. There goes my class record.
Day number 1 of our new workout :)
Congratulations! That's awesome. I'd love to have one of those in Richmond.
Its not even funny lol
is the sweetest :)
I totally dressed wrong for the weather today -.-t
Check out these American high school kids who give a shit about Africa and making a difference in the world. Awesome.
You Only Live Once!! 
I really just walked up in Papa Johns to pick up my pizza with my slippers on.
"Please estimate your effort and scheduled completion date for every single bug!"
already Ma! We need to put one in the air....
So....I can still wear this cheese hat the rest of the year right?
Not really, gonna get an iced coffee. Carry on.
Thanks for the RT and yet 1 more kick ass #FormulaDrift live stream
yep sho did
Good Morning! What a beautiful football day! The tree is up and it's time to watch football and decorate the xmas tree!!! :)
Getting every email but the one I want
Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month
Yanks better win tomorrow... 2 home sweeps by the Sox will have the boss turnin over in his grave
Froget murderers and rapists and drug dealers.... those internet pirates man!
Hey - that's great news. Let me know the dates. It's only a 3 hour drive from Seattle :)
CU earns 8th place finish at #TOCNationals! Congrats Buffs!
#YoMommaSoFat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof
I hate going to sleep but then I hate waking up
RT Alcoholism? Put an aspirin between your hands--no more drinking.
When the power is out, does the Internet really exist?
LOL! Yes, that would do it too
Excellent news! Hope training is going well Eric. RT HUGE health update, cleared all my surveillance tests...3.5 yrs cancer free.
People still play rock band and where axe body spray.
Like chapters of a good novel, life develops as growth wutg turns, inner conflict, side trips, adventure, moments of sorrow, and silence.
aww :) how are you?
um yeah(:
Going to bed! Good Night<3
im an alcoholic #
It's very difficult to write about a book you haven't written yet. The agonies of the book proposal.
oh really then where is the cakes? haha :) *giggles*
Thank you ever so much!
Facebook & Tumblr i need to use you both more often : /
The U.S. Department of Transportation today fined AirTran Airways for violating aviation laws prohibiting deceptive price advertising.
MY CHEEK HURTS. I want food now.
thank you :) I heart you too.
Thanks for the mention :)
Omni #lets get it
It wouldn't be a not top 10 w/out J.McGee.
if your ever in Rochester NY I will let you do a few songs with them. It would be our honor!!!
All kids have hopes & dreams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a dream for some. #StopChildhoodCancer!
HELLO...Wgats up?:)
Radio on Pandora >
Emcee communion Party done..back at the radio station working..goal is to be home in time 4 apprentice . Lisa goes all the way?
Planning something for your Friday night??? We're open LATE (4am) and have a bottle service special of $100 for grey goose! Just message us!
On my way to airport to fly back to miami from chicago
Champaign on a Tuesday? Haven't you gone all Hunter S Thompson.
Cyfalls RT : Cy Springs legend Clint Everts pitched the 9th for the Blue Jays today vs Astros. Tough time staying healthy.
EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR
All that she wants is another baby. She's gone tomorrow.
ok...I love Regina Spektor. Her lyrics are SO fun and quirky and inspiring. OH YEAH! ;)
I just finished my lamb meatballs at lunch today. Friend-inspiration FTW.
im at tbell right now lol
Celebrating Easter
So if i go to NYC and go to your favorite store and buy a shirt and send it to you,you'll Love me forever?
Hate to sound like a neophyte, but what's the consensus on Klout?
My arms feel like jello. I think it's time for bed my friends :) Goodnight!
My fail. Seeing the new plan for #Carmel Midtown explains why it is not permanent. Mid-Town =
Ryan Good Has Swag <33
I feel like shit right now, and gaming out didn't help this time.. it sux.
my dad knows we're dating.
GM, did you receive the email about being a writer? If so, just checking, we finalizing the writing schedule now
Last few tweets are sidenotes from Swarupa Anila, Detroit Institute of Arts
is at home relaxin...its cold and rainy out there...brrr!!!
LOVE THIS QUOTE <3 IT IS SO TRUE
Excited to redesign #jbphotography's website with a sweet layout. Anything anyone thinks a photographer should have on there site?
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
Kimbe and Della at Salon Ramsey Buckhead are the greatest sprits walking. Thanks 4 your kind hearts. Rita Brown
Burning roster spots is fun, kids! Seriously, though, I hear you. I hope he makes it, but .240 with 15 HRs would be optimistic
if only you knew.
Haha. Glad you liked it!
I already knew you wasn't ready 4 this..
Say more about Harvard Thinks Big. What is it?
It's so beautiful!
New ouutfitss ready to rock em tomorrow !
#kids MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event: MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event from...
One of the best parts of #oah2012 #ncph2012 is finally meeting all the folks I only know through Twitter feeds and tiny avatars.
congrats 2 on the release of #redtails .Ne-Yo is available for select #speaking #events this spring. DM us for details
Woo! made her delish pizza.
rumor has it bass & drums are done for our new album, gettin' it done son...
thanks! I'll start CCing you on all my email so that you'll know everything I'm up to.
his cinnamon challenge is perf. you need to do it. c:
Oh boy. RT : What's the over/under on your career, AD?
that my heart would yearn for Jesus more than anything else.
