He never said a mumbling word
Me too! Feel like he just needs a legitimate chance to show what he can do in the
they have them? Lol
RT : Hey , I'll give you $10 if next week you blurt out something positive about guaranteed minimum income.
ok, nice. Thnx for chat- gotta run, crap load to do....ny bureaucracy, here I come
As a scholar, and the models of teaching & research I am seeing, concept of libs and service roles is exciting to design for.
"10 steps ahead of these niggas… that's why they fuck with me instead of these niggas, YEAH!"
iJust Realized Is Only 10 Months Older Than Me (: And A Day!
the twitter sometimes so silent~
no competition. Think of the most beautiful thing u have ever seen, now times it by 10. Now you're seeing
I used to be a college athlete too.
First, to optimize, always understand your current performance - understand how you're doing today, says
Wtf I'm never gonna be done with invisalign-_-
has upcoming rehearsals and tech week for "Anything Goes" this week.
Who thought Posada was done not me.
I thought I had mono for an entire year once. Turns out I was just really bored. Hope you feel better.
can I get a tweet? You'd make my day
Remember, you can use Antengo to help you find carpool buddies. Check it out! Its quick, FREE, and easy :)
Rocking out to #withoutshoes in our OC office.
#obamabirthdaypartygames Duck, Duck, Capitulate.
yep. & a 50 ? Packet due in my math class...
Wake up from that dream!
I know.french lol
I really really really miss him that's my problem!
is filled with anticipation right now. having "an evening" with david sedaris. not a book signing. hmm....
My ass is small.
idris is fine..!
bit.ly/uRl6Oh Having a sale on the Wave Multi-Tool. Great tool for rescue and other uses.
Forcing myself to get up
TROLL HARD Y'ALL.
lol oh haha! It's alright I guess,I like my other one on my real account better!
w/GET
I feel guilty about buying new stuff when I've got stuff I need to use up.The "haul" mentality of many beauty bloggers grosses me out.
ok, be there in June, FAM reunion
Address for the family of Arthur Jordan: 4219 Eton Ave. Bronx, NY 10466
hey buddy - we thought about going & then thought better of it!
Fake Friday, you got me again!
See you in St Louis (Now there's a tune). I'll bring my dancing shoes!
lol. no doubt. i never either. what class are you in?
I guess we are just too green… ;)
Done!! Bloodys with are the best :-)
Great. I've caught a few problems w/ curley quotes in the text, a few other minor things.
I give suggestions to teachers on how to help with handwriting, organization, social skills and homework of my son with Autism.
if you haven't noticed, is absolutely everywhere. bieber should be worried!
Our 500th tweet was actually a RT of the totally awesome Um, Omar...are you running the Relay? We'd LOVE to see you there! :)
oh hi
KCs best burger, gyros and fish tacos oh my!!! Come get what you want at 18th and Locust open til we sell out!!!
Or that can happen too mmhmm yep mmhmm
Rove kept saying," Economy - Economy. Don't get in2 social issues." But RWNJs pushed, Santorum flourished &now BO is out on top
some people are ignoring the poor black child tortured into a coma via electric shock at school while his teachers laughed...
Dana would like to thank Howard Wasdin, author of SEAL Team Six, for a lovely dinner after his HANNITY taping
Desktop Wallpaper Calendar: May 2012 Web Design Brisbane
#fashionista their styles are both amaze but so diff. Kate is very hipster chic and Lauren is Chanel chic :)
OMG...I love Melatonin. It makes sleep so god.
It's funny how much my sister loves to embarrass me.
Insurance Exchange Panel Discussion is underway, with fmr. Miss. Gov. Ronnie Musgrove and MT Insurance Commissioner Monica Lindeen
no idea mane
Now Laker fans want to root for the Pacers because they know their team is gonna get swept ! Haha
If he is convicted of being an accessory to the murder of 27,900 Jews, he will face 15 years in prison.
Put me down for Aliens.
When you have a small screen and a large font size, some of the worst UI on the web is made by How is that possible?
How can you tell when a drummer is at your door? The knock gets faster.
Headed to DC Monday for a few days with a good friend and hopefully some relaxation.
You seem #hip, ZsaZsa. But, aren't you from #Houston?
love YOU!
samee Iv never regretted mine tho
no sir lol
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle between Southbound 183 Loyola & MLK exit in the left lane stopping traffic
Destiny's Child Swag
Happy Sunday! Need custom promotional shirts? Let us know, Email :)
or what?
It is both energizing and inspiring. I do believe I am addicted to delicious coffee.
When was this? We seem to have a lack of communication!! John Taglieri LIVE in San Antonio on Ft Sam!!!
Thanks for sharing your views!
Thank you guys!
I want some more tattoos... random , I know .
im guessing w.r thomas imma miss orchestra
Looking for training candidates in the Miami, and Oregon locations. Travel Industry or Sales Experience needed.
Cheboygan Memorial Hospital closed April 3, after its sale to McLaren Health Care Corp fell through.
After a very successful Insurance Leadership Forum earlier this month, I'm back on the Twitter scene. Happy Thursday!
#BlackMamaQuotes " What the hell you crying for ? I'll give you something to cry about !"
All Lifers,Follow This New Account They Support #SoSoDef & The Whole Empire !
totally agree! You've inspired me to get to work on mine tonight. I have a redline conquest pro that needed some serious love.
We all have that friend that everyone secretly hates.
All people love a lover. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
I just got called ''sugar foot''
good and u? <3
Happy Friday! IDA tonight? I think YES! :-D
What can i say? im a sucker for a pretty face! :/
u mean to the house in charlotte?
yeah, I'm fine. Thanks bro.
yes they are. I would hate to be the 4 seed that draws that 5 seed in the tourney
lol.I got that from
found a great #organic and #glutenfree restaurant close to me! Can't wait to check out in Studio City!
Niggas be fronting! I'm bout that life!
U ARE the weakest link...Goodbye!
QoTD: "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." (George Bernard Shaw)
A happy birthday to THE Mr.Smith!!! May you have a tip top, top notch day!
I would love to see UL UK rematch
no digital copy but not difficult to make one. tho the contents are almost=to Mascall's Profitable Booke, which *is* avail.
Never trust a man with a clean pair of shoes
Geeks rule the world. Don't forget it.
Wonderful to hear!!
#Hiddenmind is making moves watch we goin make noise
yes I have thanks
superbowl game was good, but i wanted the hot tom brady to be a part in winning! :\
Thanks, though I feel like I have no idea! Gotta start somewhere, though, right? What're you proposing?
wow!!! Too bad there's no Bashas near us anymore
dont pump their heads up
Donald Driver made it to the Finals!!!!!
It's easier to write songs on a nice bed or love seat, rather then the floor a hard bench
i was mad man...lol
Microwave Pot pie
Let's get together next week and discuss some options.
Lebron still sucks at this 4th quarter thing
Obvs marketing to "jersey shore" wannabes RT No, don't think I'll rent your beach house you call "The Chum Bucket."
We need more men like this ----> I salute you brother
Leaders aren’t designated; they emerge
Watching #The10ThingsIHateAboutYou Great movie RT if you've seen it. (:
Hey - how do I find fellow temple alum in #Denver CO?
That's a hard-to-forget image.
Tomorrow w/Greg Kihn: John Dioso from talks the last days of Jimi Hendrix!
Yeah.. We are supposed to do a 4 miler.. LAEKKERT!!!
I actually have more band t's than friends..
Remember the street children all around the world. Be their voice and help fight #humantrafficking. May God protect them.
what are you eating? Keeping a food journal can be helpful.
RT : naw not at all. Ya snooze ya lose. Slomotion is no motion these days
One more reason to get to BEA, or KidLitCon12. I'm so glad I got to see you dance--no telling when I'd have that opp again.
I have no choice but to represent for my lakers! I love them even tho they lost. They always gonna be the home team 💜💛
Going nowhere fast we reached our climax >>> Usher got bumping again
thank god it's friday night and I just just just just just got paid.
Dear Publisher: My book is quirky and lovely. I promise that it will sell. Love, Crystal. How's that?
My tummy hurts a little
Actually hello follower - glad to see you here
"It could have just been a dull gloomy moment." - from Dijkstra's "I See a Woman Crying"
16s defeat Playaz Red in first round of bracket play at Next Level Baller Spring Showcase
sneak attach bbq on the streets in caton by the ETC - i think mp3car planned to hold guerilla bbqs around town
Research clinicians talking with Young Inventors about the heart and the work they do
What happened to all the away teams last night?? :O
Surprise guests at last night's post-reading soiree: the Decemberists, John Wesley Harding, Peter Buck.
Tonight is opening night of Carmina Burana at the ! A few tickets are still available at www.kennedy-center.org
Thank you, Joachim, for the retweet!
Listening to speak about human trafficking & advocacy at
He is moderately excited about this, like the sun is moderately hot. Yep, to approximately that extent.
As long as you don't cover her mouth with your hand you'll be fine!
Hi Scott, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Blasting Bob Marley on while making dinner.
much appreciate to have it :]
Trying to find a hall! 😏😃😡harder than I thought
CAIN LASHES OUT: 'Media Is Obsessed With Nonsense' via
I will lose my mind if Spielberg makes Jurassic Park IV happen
MT ''It's not surprising, then, they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion..."
yeah... But the heat felt so god!
yup! Go gators!
The automatic assumption gets to me... & there are perfectly serviceable terms to use that don't make those assumptions!
awe. thanks austin! hope it goes well! (: <3
you're up early! Hah(: but goodmorning :) have a great day :)
Those who are investing in #highered, students and states, are looking for ROI, not necessarily a narrower definition.
You're wasting your time, Juju. I can't tell you how many times I've put moratoria on "hipster" only to be disappointed.
Are you excited about BPA next year?
Brew up some fun this weekend...Cheers!
Heard "We Built This City" earlier & waited for the rock and roll city structure Starship spoke of. I guess they fired the city planner.
oh wow, who suggested that show to you?? ;)
Have you ever felt like slamming your head in the wal would be less painful than working with people? Well that's everyday working in shoes
i'm so confused why all this stuff is being mentioned. lolol #amIdelirious?
Teh Bieber is in my head. This is your doing, Pie.
The short bitch Nataliz has charisma but no she short.
Drake songs never get old (:
Our region has so much talent... But the slightest idea how to push over the hump to make it...
Cant sleep
LOW SCORING ASS GAME.BUT LETS GO
#RedSox are spending a lot of time this year promoting their park and history. Need to also work on their present, i.e. clubhouse & winning!
Loves when someone out of the blue asks "how was your day?".
I blame for me not having a date for prom.
love lost abbey great choice
Happy birthday, Myles! I love you!
Jim Thome getting a standing ovation an PNC Park almost made up for a dumb loss
u can get smart via twitter that's fine ..
Looks like I'm having an early night.
Thought for a second Duda had caught that. Camera angle of runner initially made it look like he was going to dugout.
RT : The Butcher? The Baker? The Candlestick maker... Who is your favorite local independent business?
Yay. I fixed my computer
I missed your last two visits to Houston, Hopefully I'll be able to make it Oct. 7!
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas. The Grannies are so happy to be with our loved ones and hope you all have a spectacular day too!
AS I WAKE FROM MY SLUMBER.. I THINK NOT OF YESTERDAYS IMPERFECTIONS BUT MORE OF WHAT'S AHEAD WITH AN ABUNDANCE OF FUTURE ENDEAVORS!
Nice win by OKC!!!
#QuoteFromThinkLikeAMan Ms. Lorretta I'm ready for the rest of the tour
! We hope to see you then!
There is no salvation in becoming adapted to a world which is crazy. --Henry Miller
He wasn't able to make it but he sent a video for us to present! Thanks for following!
It was great getting to catch up with you yesterday! Let's do it again soon :)
72 Dolphins also Miami..... hm
Yes u should stay after cuz there's 2 clips after the credits
It is a story about a man's love for his country, his children, and most of all his wife. It is about the eternal nature of true love.
there's a twitter account? Seriously?
Christmas is Right around the corner I cant wait :D !!!
hi Victoria!! I really love you an think your extremely talented and pretty!! Please reply if you can. Have a nice day <3
The future is now
Guys with dimples>>>>>>mhmm
It's too bad he also endorses poverty.
Beverly and her damn tears!
Watching with my dad :D
Just got my certificate. The return from exile is officially copyrighted material!
Hogs are fighting back strong in the 2nd half
We'll save you time & money with NO out of pocket cost to you! How can #AtYourServiceConcierge help you?
that boy too raw
Watched a lady drop her phone on tge track getting out of the subway today.
Will post when there will be another one. Not sure when. Sorry!
A major reason capable people fail to advance is that they don't work well with their colleagues. Lee Iacocca
Sad to See Richco in Harvard IL go. Looking forward, ex-Richco employees are welcome to apply at A+ Staffing in McHenry!
My sources tell me that It was Jack Bauer...
So many fiction plots would be so much less painful for everyone if more people were poly. Just sayin’.
You know how sometimes old people will randomly click around and accidentally delete stuff and have no idea what happened? I just did that.
Honestly that's so depressing and upsetting.....you've actually gotta be kidding me right now
Niggas only lift you up to drop you.
I'm not giving out participation points. Yet.
#younknowitsreal when you make him food
Hurlburt Field in Fort Walton Beach Florida. He's not currently overseas (yay!), but he was and will be.
I think you radio guys are the only people in Milwaukee that care about the anymore.
Thanks for the kudos. I have now officially used my humor and wit for the week.
New #UWM AD Andy Geiger is cool with lack of football pgm @ UWM. Makes sense Considering he was at Ohio St the same time Maurice Clarett was
oh yea tell yo coach yo papa said dont Text&Drive with hiz grandson in tha car
agreed we will get it done
So nice to meet you at
That's why Honeywell's suing 'em. Can't compete. Decades of shitty UI.
At 4 pm last Saturday, Bob Huggins was drunk at Nike Coaches Clinic. We had in our gym working with our kids.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
PLEASE stop Jon from talking POPCHIPS, he's driving me CRAZY!!! :))
lol!!! till about Monday.
my mom told me that yesterday ... lol bad joke lol
Yay!! delivery right on time again! Time to make my famous matzo ball soup. That will kick the last of this sick right outta me!
I did. LOVED it! RT How many of you took advantage exclusive screening of ' #Warrior?
RT : . officially launches #BigFuture today. Follow them for updates from today's event.
So they found THC (Most likely from weed) in Trayvon Martin's system. Part of me could care less, but wow this case is getting interesting
What are you guys doing on this lovely afternoon?
yeah right off the bat I would say I disagree too since graffiti perceives itself to be Art. Still need to read the piece.
Good call on Addison Ave Target store. Got a few Wu items, no problem. But they didn't carry any of accessories! Not online either...wa!
Looking for more writers. Georgia Tech and the Braves are where we have spots. DM, mention or email me if interested.
Wait for a table, for sure!
when u move back to nola, you can send her to Sacred Heart!
yes, seems we have! You've also exploded (made a child, not bang) since I was last in Wales. I want to visit! Miss you!
#HipHopEd Is it too late to propose a cypher for a roundtable at AERA in Vancouver? Lol!
yea! Haha“: Amber fixes problems :D
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. ~Arnold H. Glasow
Wondering how many men are making women officially mothers at 230a on mothers day just sayin'
"Instead of rethinking the racial categories, the Census is trying to beat us into Whiteness" Manuel Pastor on how "Hispanic is not a race"
ph.ILL is INVINCIBLE! We got proof... studio proof!
#InOurGeneration many of us depend on lower standards to make up for the lack of effort . . . Now those who rise up stand out even more
Calendar of Events May 2012: Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge and ...
Listen to my HeartBeat
I called u cause I made pancakes eggs and bacon
Is it your birthday?!!
I saw the tweets coming in and that was enough for me. "I shouldn't have showered with those kids." No kidding.
Really not liking that im home by myself -__-
call tmrw am?
Ha. Just stating the facts. BTW, it's pouring in Baltimore so you may get your doubleheader wish after all.
"Goals affect outcomes." Glenn Hughes,
'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel SO LALALALALA MAKES ME FEEL GOOD'
Haha. Terrible ": 50 question math exam done in 20 mins.. Sketchy . I either did really well or failed embarrassingly lol"
HUGE thanks to Munsch, Hardt, Kopf & HARR attorneys and councelors for providing pro bono legal advice to the Homeless Coach!
and thank you! I've been doing some more strategy teaching like: scan for words with sounds prior to reading, High freq wrds
wait! Erock...That's your kitchen?! How come we shop at the same petsmart? Lol
... **LIKE** number 900 will receive dinner for two from Cantina Laredo Penn Square Mall! Tell all your Facebook Friends!
Had an unexpected second interview today over coffee at #PaneraBread. They really like me!!
RT : Thanks for the welcome note. So much to absorb - I have to figure out how to budget my time on here!
Going to NY. Dinner with India's Consul General. And witnessing my friend Ritesh;s wedding
If youare giving up Big Ben and Battle for Brady - I could get behind that. Wouldn't quit on Mendy
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASEPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASEPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE<33333
Thanks for the Tweet! I was homeschooled, too. All 12 years.
if you say the word "douche" fast and repetitively, it will sound like the beat of a techno song :)
Thanks for the RT and you're welcome!
Oh yes, lil pecan, oh yes oh yes oh yes. But then where would that leave me, What would be left for me to wish for?
LP Thursday! New records on the play list, try the new 2008 Mysterium blend from CA, and limited release of 19th B-Day Suit Sour Cherry Ale.
I STILL CANT FUCKING BELIEVE THAT GIRL JUST TOLD NIALL TO "GO AWAY" LIKE WHAT THE FUCK IS HER PROBLEM I WOULD BE BLESSED TO ME ANY OF THEM.
bc I like the idea. I would love to eat some drive through cookies and milk, but its unrealistic.
Rehearsal today club tomorrow night game saturday show Saturday night bz bz bz !!!
Naw, don't think we'd clash. I shoot from the hip when I am face-to-face--don't even realize where things I say come from!
"Board the windows.... Try to hide.... They're coming." From The Stranger in the movie, "30 Days Of Night".
Not even paying attention to what the College Gameday are saying
thanks :D
. very excited about the P&F shows in march. not so excited about the hack job on site/ticketing.
happens to the best of us
Thanks to Facebook I now know what everyones bathroom looks like. One mirror at a time lol >^.^<
man u r so dope like for real I know this song is going to be the #dopeness appreciate the opportunity
On my way to a VOICE Buffalo fundraiser. VOICE is a congregation-based organizing group which 1199 recently joined
Happy St Pattys Day!
Esperado a ! lol, don't think I speak spanish or sth.! Just a lil bit.. I learn it in school! ;D
Jem is coming back to TV!! Countdown till May 28th :)
Don't mess with She will get you back
when/where?
Fanboy!!! :-) I was actually referring to Jim but it works for you too :-)))
Thank you for being in my life drama free people!! been attracting that good energy lately love it!!
Nothin' but love, regardless of the crazy. It's about the music. AND welcome to Matt and Rob!
#oomf is a hottie and I can't tell u.
I'm off to join the social network world!!!! It's scary but I can't wait. 
Do agents still get paid even if the player is suspended?
The best Happy Hours are on Fridays!
Can't wait till tomorrow night!! we're gonna rock Alex's in Long Beach..... who's coming with us?!?!
#Van, thanks for layin' down the tune #intothemystic , relaxes the dna. cheers. May someone return the favor to ur ears.
1234 how's it going
Ha. It his Dad! “: Fox Sports just showed a fan that looked exactly like Pat Hill.”
If I buy something from you, will you stop running your ANNOYING ads? Im talking to u & ESPECIALLY U
i don't even wanna know! but i can't wait for the next episode! I went back and re-watched the last 2 episodes cuz it's so good!
Streaming EP repeatedly while working on business mgmt and business law papers. You're jealous we know ;)
Stop by Diva tonight for the game!!8:30p (Paraguay vs Venesuella)
don't mess with DR!
McDonald's AA drinking game: drink every time they say Kentucky or John Calipari.
more than you and with only a little more than a year in the biz.
Uhoh. I'm out of coffee.
~Let's get your account verified!
asked Keits about it actually. It's a thought but right now ufgt Is the place to be for it :)
Ann rocks!! Good luck today Ann, in a few short hours you'll be done!!!!
Humiliated in their own court! #HEATNATION #HEATWIN !!!!
Summa yall need to GO TO WORK!!!!!! FA REAL
When people try and talk to your soon to be boyfriend just cause they don't like you. <<<<<
Laughed so hard re: D. Summer. Closest we came in our death pool was RuPaul :( Aretha was much better.
I still haven't given up yet!! So how's your art sketch mine looks good so far but I haven't colored it yet so we'll see!
thanks for the follow! Coffee?
Walmart: because going to Target requires a shower.
hi, i hope u smile today =D
I'm on the Orbis plan now.
GoTo has bad quality and unsecure audio.. I could demo webex for you, but it seems like you'd be better off with globalmeet
that's sort of scary well just answer and say I like apples better
Have a wonderful weekend!
OMFG IM DEAD! I can't breathe. Someone call 911. Did ya'll see his pelvic thrusts? omg omg omg
It's time to shake it up, #Milwaukee. Today, you can Defeat the Wheat! No upcharge on #GlutenFree food. 2-4-1 New Grist beer.
Ah its the first day of spring!!
Everybody thinks you should be happy just because you're young. They don't see the wars that we fight every single day.
Arod been a chose artist Tigers baby told yall lol we c them Rangers next
I don't like guys that disrespects a girl. My job is to go comfort her and make her feel better. Just to see her smile is the one thing.
About to set up my desktop outside to enjoy the weather. If you see a guy with dual monitors sitting along Wilson Blvd you know it happened.
lol me too!
one book down in under 24 hours, two to go. #hungergames #hungryformore #PUNNY and my stomach just growled.
I hate condoms, but I hate kids more. STRAP UP !
At Charlies without cause he's a loser
case number 7138... why is this taking so long
#Shaqisasusefulas a prude hooker.
thanks for the great sticks for our drummer Shawn Duncan!
I think it is :(
thanks to for dropping by with Cupcakes today. y'all know how to make yourselves popular around here on
i've approved your mailing list post and responded
my birthday is tomorrow !!!!
- A huge plus right there. Kenny Rogers, , Avetts, etc etc etc etc. Someday, maybe. :)
u ain't let us kno...
Making mistakes is a natural part of progress. RT : Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new
But now I have a huge bruise on my hand. :(
#FLYERS WIN IN OVERTIME!!
What would make my night? A tweet from <3 that's all i ask.
I feel as if I should read a detailed manual next time :) I will not give up though!
It's going to be in the 90's tomorrow. Ridiculous - how am I supposed to be camera ready if I'm melting!
Trying to party FREE in DC Sunday | Text LuxSundays to 74455
AMEN! RT: I'm ready for February!
Yes this fan will cheer for the this game, but it's all so I can have the Super Bowl I want to see
It seems that my body rejects sleep and caffeine.
had a ball performing at Wilmette Theater on Monday...sound was very lush for the naughty 50's jazz that we were making;)
Fresh off.. Sore then a bitch!
Yeah, there was that too. Display went a little haywire.
Hmm like 10? That's what time I went last year, what time were you thinking?
people who dont know that story might get the wrong idea...haha
RT : Newsie is my new favorite app. I've been looking for a solid Google Reader app...
It's not like Tom Barrett has got time to traipse around the country raising money. Only a jackass would blow off his job & do *that.*
Found pretty good seats for only $262each for the 1D concert! Hopefully my sis agrees with me 😥
Your new nickname is mister fister RT have you guys ever wondered how I came up with doctor nice eyes?
FiM in Netflix!!!!!
jtfo they got a hole in them, thought I was the black night in bed with my girl...still clean.
Starbucks white chocolate mocha. M M good
hmm I mean that was kind of easy for Marlo but what are you going to do I guess. Hope she is not back though
2012 Resolution #2: Create a budget, geez!
No one really knows about her?? I guess no one in the kid's 5th grade class...
Used to mix Kessler and Sparks. Called it Ass Pixies. The diarrhea was magical.
I love when my dad calls me kiddo 💜
#MU doin there thing so far against Wisconsin ... got get this W though.
Good News! Itll be free!! Tell your friends!
#prayforLewisMighty Young boy dying of cancer, who's wish was to trend on twitter. Make it happen <3
Headed to Chinatown for some excellent dumplings with M.
I sent you them
Yup. Got our yesterday and delivered it right to the recycle bin. What a waste!
": um no" so you're not a millionaire playboy airplane maker?
xD lmao! yet... he got injured a little while ago lol
Just got in ima catch some z 's -_-
going to see chevel tonight? take me back a few years!
man that's crazy, glad I don't know dude
RT : Damn it Twitter, i'm sleepy but i can't put this phone down!!! ««
wazzz up? Smokin like a wild fire
Happy cinco de mayo
This nigga still talkin bout "I Heard This & That"
By now everyone knows that is closing, but NONE OF YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WILL CRY THE WAY I WILL.
Thinking about Law School? Meet Rep tomorrow,Sept.20,at CP LawFair,12-3pm,Grand Ballroom, Stamp Student Union
Thank you! xo
Segway? Or short-term? There's no Segway parking at MSP.
happy wkend Loving our mild NYC winter!
Opening: Pina (in 2D), Pariah, Black History Month Film Festival Continuing: Oscar shorts, The Descendants, The Artist
RT : Stop by the Visitors Center tonight. Notaviva Vineyards is offering tastings.
Why do people beat their clocks?To kill time.
Mya Hatchette knew when she lied to Federal Court in Pensacola saying my case was "employment discrimination law" that is real property case
Thanks for the follow, and the good beer selection.
Good morning! RT : Good morning! Xo
13th audition of the week on Friday...lucky 13! Hopefully that means a booking is just around the corner!
What are you doing with your 3-day weekend and how's that cute puppy of yours?!
IF I WAS BARON DAVIS I WOULD OF BEEN SCREAMIN LIKE A LIL FUCKIN BITCH RIGHT NOW…DAMN SMH
I am familiar w/ potatoes. And Idaho. That's...fun? Maybe not as fun as Kentucky though.
What a crazy house party last night. You missed a great one,
Whoa! Justified!
Hi our paper picks up spotters like Christian who notice your article. He's referenced only as a spotter not the author.
In NYC for #SocialMedia Marketing 2011? Say Hello to 's She's speaking on “B2B Social Media Marketing"
good idea. Maybe I'll just steal his lunch money..
I'm going to warn you that the MLB2k series is notoriously buggy. I have like 3 of them.
So sososo hungry
Get on #nogpong right now, and play to support a charity! nogpong.com
with your favorite teacher Mr. Smith :')
Love cum a dime of s dozen.....good luck
I LOVE YOU TOO (;
Finally in Jacksonville for the World Poker Tour! Starting to feel like its the "Third World Poker Tour". Time to eat with
I'd like to hear some ideas for events at the shop from the community, any creative ways to entertain ourselves?
Went & got a massage. While rubbing my back she popped my zits, then after Rubbing her front I popped my cork on her tits...
In his 17 seasons as a forward with the NHL’s Pittsburgh Penguins, Mario Lemieux scored 690 goals and had 1,033 assists.
sure. send me an email to
Me too. RT I thought John Edwards already ruined the sanctity of marriage in North Carolina.
So great finally meeting LA Housewife who looked gorg in her dress !
well I never been to England but I kinda like the Beatles
What breaks the power of sin? A knowledge of righteousness! Grace breaks the dominion of sin over our lives! 1 Corinth. 15:34 / Rom 6:14
Drove for the second time today :) I feel like Louis.
1963- American officers were accompanying Vietnamese soldiers into combat
You are most kind. I am honored. Thank you
I think every food place shhalllll delivverrrr. Were all too lazy.
There used to be a house there. Old guy lived there by himself; retired balloon salesman...
Bad dream but im in a good mood .
Text "CELL" to 313131 now to get monthly updates on the latest phones and FREE stuff from your Denver Boost/Virgin Mobile!
Early CCP policies were enacted by a new govt fighting to hold power. Ask Native Americans abt early US policies.
RAWEST RAPPER EVER. BASED GOD.
Sacha Baron Cohen is not funny.
No problem - I forget things too lol.
Ouch.. RT : ohh good comeback loser -_- get the fuck out of here
had a fun time at paranormal activity! work tommorow : (
So happy to be back in the studio with GRule
Come hang with us! Auld Irisher in Orange, 9pm;)
Christina needs pants
old school rock and roll rules
Oh man, this is going to be a long night
My goal is 100
Rico... This still doesn't make up for the world cup....
Why Search? Just Twittitt!" Google Powered - Twitter Inspired DM to be Twitter Of The Day!
and the poor will use the text as a heat source. Given its length, should last 5-7 minutes. For that, we can be thankful?
working on two new reviews for Friday. "Beginners" with Ewan McGregor, Christopher Plummer, Melanie Laurent. Also "Larry Crowne"...
I'm praying for & this morning. I'm so proud of all of them!
Happy 20th (again!) RT Thanks, ladies, for a Really Excellent Day.
Chillin' home. Everyone have a good day?
Ah got it - different computer.
no problem, I'm following you and wish you lots of happiness and success. Any way I can assist you, let me know :)
So disappointed in the people of NC. Just because you believe your way of life is the only way to live doesn't mean you're right.
RT Boys are like Ants,,They take a piece of something and walk away</3
...you sticking around to see the Insight Bowl? Boomer!
Don't you want a sparkling white smile when you open up all your gifts on Saturday?! We can help! www.kravitzdental.com
That fight today at school jst made my day though.. i think im good for a minute
Love seating in players wives section!
A golfer has one advantage over a fisherman - he doesn't have to produce anything to prove his story.
They say he [Thales] found the seasons of the year and he cut up the year into 365 days. D. L. 1.27, DK A1
The past. It'll always come back to bite you.
A friend is someone who understands ur past. Believes in ur future and accepts the person you are today.
Great win for the U.S. women today. Take care of business in the World Cup Final.
There's a few things I should be doing right now but there's not a lot I WANT to do right now. Feeling a bit blah. Probably the sugar crash.
loser. That's twice in a row
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose. Why didn't I watch this when it was really on? Loving #netflix right now!
A person has a choice to either be in your life or out of it. Choose one.
Completely! It's a mystery of life. How is it SO much harder to find something in a small purse?
Ball coming down does not cut it. I have been in tournaments where I actually indentified ball then it got taken & got penalized!
Seriously just sitting here replaying ' be mine ' By and
Joyce and I walk in the middle of the street like pure badasses.
Sephora discontinuing Vincent Longo makeup. All remaining merchandise now 75% off.
“Too many things are occurring for even a big heart to hold.” ― W.B. Yeats
Don't continue to go after some one whoses not going to treat you the way you should be treated ...
The shoes were amazing. You are very talented.
it's arlyn, but my iPhone thought it would be kool to autocorrect
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ~John Wooden
#NeverTrustAGuyWho tells you want you want to hear. Trust those that tell you the truth even when it hurts or makes you work harder.
Whoa which one?
I don't like getting jealous...
#bbworld11 Mobile Central- Bb Mobile Portal
SAYING ANYTHING RATCHET!!
I specialize in communications and am volunteering with the event--not sure what comittee I'm on yet. Are you helping out?
Car vs. pedestrian accident at 83rd and Greenwood, and that's 's helicopter overhead. No word on extent of injuries.
hey babe! Yes, I will. (: can't wait to see you #missyou hey. you need to text me because I have to ask you a question.
I don't have time to play these stupid games.
So fun and creative. Thanks for sharing :)
AMAZING new fashion company, join the fashion revolution www.velvetbrigade.com
We used to watch the WB NETWORK all the time but since The CW took over, I dont think we have watched CW once.
Hey Bonnie! Happy #FF the 13th! :-)
For fantastic advice on how to market your coaching/training biz, #FF ! Seriously, you'll learn something useful today!
i just hate people! Haha x
Came back from school :D 3 more tests to go -.-
All smiles
GM Tweeties, up early enthused about reaching my goals believing God that with Him we're going to make it happen! Have a successful day!
No more drama.
So true RT : That awkward moment when you see someone you know but neither of you can remember how or why.
mr. nice guy
Thanks yo! RT : Iced americano at + in the background + gorgeous day outside = beautiful morning!
Took some time today to study the cats I consider great. Moving with conviction
thanks George
Blues drop 1st game 8-3. Still alive, need to score a lot more points next game.
false sir
I'm in p.e. bored :c
More vol. and SUNB could break out
The site isn't working right now.
In one of those moods.
aw thanks sweetie :)
Something tells me the Bills didn't cut or trade you.
My 3rd cylinder is misfiring #ThatShitGay carpooling to work though :)
I saw lower level tix on Stubhub earlier today for $4. Pretty sad.
Hi Rebecca, what application has 'open tweet' option in the tool bar? I've looked for it in Twitter & Tweetdeck w no success. (:
idk who you are.
I wish I could say im happy but thats a negative
I am so thirsty; where is my coffee?!
D sorry, fat fingers....i work at 10news, can you tell me more about your truck ?????
#Brewers kicking ass. Cubs are the worst.
come over ... You drive or me?
I guess im now apart of the Blue Angels travel ball team.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Massage can promote tissue regeneration, reducing scar tissue and stretch marks
Obtain a home loan with as little as a 500 credit score! Contact me today!!!
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. Mother Teresa
And youll add my name to your long list of traditors who dont understand.
Russell Westbrook transformed his NBA-issued Thunder workout tee into a v-neck. Interesting.
In town for the ?? Come check ! We are 7 minutes from McCormick Place! Best Italian in the City!!
Now we gon do this thing alittle different tonight !
Forgetting your headphones and having to listen to the loud, obnoxious kids on your bus at 7 in the morning <<<<<
damn i want that
Moving to Vegas next year I told you id pay you a million bucks to visit all my houses around the world Im not giving you $100
I just finished a 1.36 mi run with a pace of 8'28"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Decorating for Christmas w/o was NO FUN! SO wish we could ALL b together!
If someone acts like they know it all but need advice and scoffs at your insight... Don't help them.
Basketball game today (: wish me good luck(:
i have sand in my socks, lmfao.
Sometimes I wonder how some of these retards got into college in the first place
#imsofuckedup I let someone named KAI take me home
Lol, hey I hear that. *Cheers*
I almost sent out the SWAT team this morning for cause he was lost and i couldn't find him.
Is Dreamhost a real colo slice? If so, you probably want to shell login and check how much memory/CPU is in use
Watching finale of #Chuck ...Hope I don't cry:( Gonna miss
that's similar to case study, good starting point. The diff is U do not make sweeping generalizations
If I was a Miami Heat fan I wouldn't get excited until the Heat had a 10 pt lead with a minute left in the game
You wouldn't have hid. You would have been too busy laughing at me.
well u betta fit us nto anotha tweet hell
Life is an empty canvas, and ultimately consists of what we paint it with. -Me :)
Got an I pod touch XD
No one HAS to care. people, including parents care because the want too.
Yeah past.
did you know May is national Bike Month?
(AP) -- Betty White says her plans for her upcoming 90th birthday might include "a little vodka on the rocks
So come on out and visit! Miss you!
then perhaps partner with the CA to share the prize. It's a thought.
Thanks for the RT. How about a follow?
I feel like Nilla Wafers are making a comeback. Anyone else?
Advice &amp; Consent
hi! i want a copy of first aid kit's newest! i also just wanted to say hi :)
MT George Clinton type funk! RT : Luv dirty wines #cotesdurhone always fits the bill, yummy & cheap too!
i already did im exicted about it
wow! Congratulations! What an exciting day for u!!!
hey this is hey Hun I'm teething from my bands page follow us =)
i think that still means it's vegan
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning!
Sad to hear the news about JoePa.
Vote for your fav restaurant; ballot enters you into a SD HOME GARDEN FACEBOOK drawing for $100 gift certificates
Someone do something with me tonight and get me out of this house. I've been home for two minutes and I want to murder my mother
morning sunny world! out to soak in some rays.. :)
lol! I wasn't talking about you.. Your tweet just gave me an idea :b
omg I think I'm goin sky diving this summer!! Lol
Never seen a man cry until I saw a man die.
Fully-Featured Wedding Websites by iWedPress, Try It Now
Save room for the key lime pie!
Is there some kind of award for world's worst mother-in-law?
Purdue girls just weigh more than IU girls.
“ It's ironic that in life, the person that brings out the best in you and makes you strong is actually your weakness”
So how many of you left Kenny Britt on the bench last week and started him for a whopping 0 points this week??? FailFL it!!!
Thank you #bisg, speakers and sponsors for a really great #mip12 program! Loved it!
I don't think she'll ever go on TinyChat again lol
if I do, it will be females only. If not then I just cringe ...
How are you tonight, Ken? Did you see "The Avengers" Movie yet? I plan on seeing it.
Hi Miami! Mets fans at 125St.HQ would love to learn if attendance at final celler-dwelling #Marlins game of MLB season reaches 5 figures :)
Thank you for the RT!
Try to lend a hand to someone that needs it today. No matter how small or how large, any help will give someone else hope!
are there any JB AMEX card specials in effect? Traveling this wknd :)
Your interview is up on our page also we added your video Save Our Souls in our video section =]
Miraval...a life in balance. Here I come. Have wanted to go for 10 years! BalanceActLady is exited! No make up! Don't intent to leave!
love you too. you did great singing. glad you're better though!!
Like real hard I'm thinking like let me go upstairs I don't need my bd tripping on me blood lol
#SomeonwIwantToMeet because he is AMAZING!!!! Hilarious, and original :) and because I love him!
exclaims, the carnivore..
Please don't go.:/
A guy has a jersey on with the name on the back as "BIG DEAL". You gotta be kidding
We had bear sausage at Easter. Had I known, I'd have brought you some with a cert. of authenticity from the hunter.
lol i hate u, i'm tryin to change my ways ok! :(
He just left for work. Time to go back to sleep
love it when they cut to the Tigers dugout and you can tell Leland is thirsting for a cig so bad tbh
People who put Y.O.L.O after everything. Eating some cereal!!! Y.O.L.O, Getting in the car!!! Y.O.L.O, Taking a dump! Y.O.L.O lol
my pleasure... have been very curious to see how it's received by other foundations
My parents are blessed that I'm a teenager who stays home&tweets her idols. I could be doing drugs, getting drunk or high. Stop complaining.
OH: it's not often I go to breakfast and not drink alcohol
look what we can do.
Happiness is not having what you want, but wanting what you have. ~Rabbi H. Schachtel
Don't over think your moves, just flow with it.
tweet tweet!! The International Indoor Soccer Arena is now on twitter!!
Okay...AZ strikes again...touchdown run and the two-pointer is incomplete....41-29....12 point lead...they need two touchdowns now
Smart phones=working on vacation.
lol - how/where does alan alda fit in? ;-p
Huh back to this shit -_-
love your playlist
Peanutbutter & jelly are too highly priced
up All Night c;
Wish I could join you. It started raining here.
This is the first day since who knows when that the core FOGs are taking a much needed day off.
I had a similar thought about you while listening to you sing Starships. But not Beyonce, Rihanna.
The key is to stay yourself .
$5 drink $10 tip. He was beautiful so its ok.
Why do people put tape on envelopes? Opening them is like trying to break into Fort Knox.
YES! Is he still on city council?
we would love to have you in! Call 402-714-3888:)
"There's more culture on this corner (Magzine St, New Orleans) than in the entire city of Charlotte combined!
Haha, I was just there.
On a boat mother fucker
Today was so depressing and upsetting. I wanted to cry so badly.
yeah you better love me. Not everybody would carry your unconscious body into their house in the middle of the night -_-
#NOT RT You can easily manipulate a #Sagittarius with compliments and sweet words.
Only you would notice that. :P
for as frustrating as Peprah was in loss to NYG, must remember that he was a starter & solid player in #Packers XLV run.
Millions of hot women use vibrators, while frustrated men start wars. Just bad distribution of resources.
I think is spot on regarding Ovi.
your face nicholas. Your face. Oh I needa talk to you.
Retail in NYC is hot RT : Best Buy not closing any NYC stores...their nyc landlords are probably disappointed by the news !
#ThatMomentWhen YOU JUST CAN'T STAND YOUR PARENTS !!
Be careful what you wear to bed at night, you never know who you'll meet in your dreams :)
“Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver” – Ayn Rand
Phone will prolly be off all weekend w the plans I got.
no me gusta.
So many tissues will be needed
RT Prostitutes in Spain have to wear reflective vests (like highway workers) to reduce traffic accidents!
I now accept the fact that women are going to wear PJ's, bathrobes and Uggs in Starbucks...I'm going to start showering there.
Happy late v-day.
I'm a goner
i hate how people rumor and gossip and make a huge deal about something that was nothing gosh i hate drama!
I wanna thank you for being here for me!Im crying my eyes out!Now i really do feel ugly!/;
We're officially hungry. Bring on the grilled cheese coma...this list is delicious!
1958: Superstar performer/ businesswoman Madonna born today; 1977: came to #NYC. Often ranked as a top artist of all time
ahh i love that movie!
First time in the history of the world that the words "smile" and "surgery center' were used in the same breath
The Prominent Silver Jewelry | Home And Family Style
Two new blog postings! and I am in no way encouraging anyone to click on the ads on my blog. that would violate terms and agreements
I'm remixing black and yellow and turnin into pink in purple becus that is how I roll
@ how'bout them #nuggets?
thankfully those teens were charged in the burning of that boy (well obviously) but seriously what is going on with people? disgusting.
finished Buddenbrooks. 19th century German bourgeoisie, you been told.
What'd you end up getting and how was it?!
Pittsburgh freelancers, have you checked out the in East Liberty yet? Looks like a great work space.
Lolololol I'm 27 with no kid RT : im juiced got to buy tickets are you going?
Though, seriously, after all the self destructive things I've done, I'm surprised I'm still alive.
If you're going to tweet about what someone is WEARING at least spell things right and try not to sound dumb
Happy Day to , Jay Klauminzer and people all over the world that like Flags.
When gives you dirty looks and throws candy at you >:l
Love the pants J-P!!
Boss bitches dont need a nigga dey just want him>>
album is SO GOD! :D Will be my summer CD for sure! Buy their album, it just came out today!
New Natural History Museum of Utah verdict - best NHM in years mainly because of the stunning collection on view.
Actually the most shocking to me about The Crying Game was seeing a young Jim Broadbent.
Nice work, Karima. I read through a few poems and like your style.
Sure, I'm game - email me the details :)
Gov't Data & The Invisible Hand by Harlan Yu
Partys rocking with going till noon. If ur not in ur out!
I'd go with #Vols RE:: Is there a hash tag for Knoxville?
Prayer should never become a mindless activity
I'd like to see a futurist novel set to this idea.
A myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes.
what's up twitter?
“: It's like I know what I'm going to delete before I even type it.”
5 question bonus quiz? Not mad about it!
On desk for the last hour: helped find Wright bros. books, hold on Hunger Games, hold on Bailey School Kids...
Lmfaoooooooooo <3333 RT : I can't believe what you did today I was so ashamed omg hahaha
well shes in enrichment so it dont matter.
S/O to for always making me laugh
happy 1yr & 1month anniversery to me and my everything :-*
That was the first time I tried it and it's been my only cooking blunder to date! Don't hate! Eat a plate! Lol I rhyme :)
A great slam!!! Excited for verselandia next week!!
Hi Topher - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
RT : #WeWontWorkOutIf you're a Republican.... .just kidding!...sort of !:)
#High is an amazing video by and !!
Somebody's a Debbie downer. Live in the moment, Rick! “: Second day of tech. Ugh. Can't wait to just do the show.”
Lemme see you put your hearts up Yeah! <3 <3
We had a power play?
RT : Event Reminder: Wednesday March 7 SAG and AFTRA informational meeting in Los Angeles. Get the details here:...
I met him a couple times:p
Failing or Taking Flight......My chances 50/50
lol of course I should of known.. Ur everyone's favorite duh ;)
HOT TIP: "GEOLOCATE" is a killer feature that can be used for all sorts of non-weather related applications. Enjoy.
Hey bro, what's up?
#DemandMore I'm a huge fan of
Leaders who win the respect of others are the ones who deliver more than they promise, not the ones who promise more than they c
Wearing flats today because I'm still terribly sore from Wed's workout.
The are a mock Oscar Awards granted to the worst films/actors, etc. of the year.
sorry. Atleast your at home in a bath. I'm stuck at work cuz the wife has my car.
Getting on the plane now heading to san diego
Thanks for the follow... nice ink work!
uh oh...you may just have jinxed it!!!! Aaaahhhhhh!!
Ill be attending the Mid Palmer Park Neighborhood Asso. meeting tomorrow morning, Saturday 9:30am, Northeast Bible Chapel 1722 McArthur.
Got another important meeting today Y'all can't wait God is Good :))
I wish I had Jason Terry's pull-up
RT George Harrison >>> Ryan Ross.
Jury is in for the first time today. #Huguely defense medical witness is restricted in testimony by judge.
Tweetaholic last night
Lunch crowd has been getting good reviews! Thanks for everyone's support! Please come in and tell us what you think
No Prob! :) Thnx For Following Back. :)
omg the new spider-man movie looks like its gonna be amazing! but I'm gonna miss tobey mcguire,kirsten dunst, and james franco though.
Burning steam at the ARC after a ridiculous Laker loss.
BREAKFAST AT MY HOUSE
I am older than you by almost a year and a half!
Country Boy (You Got Your Feet In L.A) - Glen Campbell.
I will use you in the future.. As you do some great work!
was nice meeting you at the event at the Ritz-try out sometime (I think your readers would like it
why the hell is my internet so damn slow?! Wtf.
Mr. Oxendine- I would love to set up a time for you to come to Clayton County and the City of Morrow in particular and participate in our
Pretty sure the only reason it hasn't been called yet is they haven't determined what to do when they call it.
Time to rally behind #Romney! Let's band together and defeat Obama!
Had fun this weekend visiting my Grandparents and Aunt Kelly in Springhill.
Just bought a pair of slacks from the Elvis Presley "Love Me Tender" collection. My hips feel strange.
i like how your just jealous cause has a boyfriend and you dont. just please...oh please ! QUIT COMPLAINING !!!
anyone have a pic of Rondo from this game?
your alter ego is a drunken slut. Shut up.
Monday I have test!!... what EVER!!! LOOL
I guess I missed the Minaj bus...bored.
Is Tai Chi supposed to make you frustrated? I don't think so. Why is learning these "relaxing moves" making me uptight???
And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen?
Solomon said it is all ashes in the wind. It all passes away, so what do we have in the end; nothing but
I was up first. I already got the worm.
our tchrs r good, our kids r smart. The big wigs changed the way they graded FCAT this year & scores fell. Not teaching prob 2/2
Unlimited enthusiasm means not giving up?
Thank you! Really wishing I was there, but on the bright side, getting the orders out from L.A. + Atlanta, so there's that:)
I used to dream of saying, "But Dad- mom said I could" yes- DAD. Mom SAID schindler's list is a great movie for a 2nd grader to watch.
talk me to in the morning ..
I fuck like a champ.
I'm not a frequent txter so whats dm?? :p
Thanks for the follow Julie! Get ready for an awesome weekend!
there are quite a few! We have some big things hopefully happening here very soon!
To the person who dropped off 2 free tickets at the box office for very good seats at tonight's Yale hockey game: muchos gracias.
Good luck to the folks running the #ROC Flower City 1/2 tomorrow morning. Especially KL who did 24 today.
It's a beautiful day, #lakeview, stop in for a fruit soda and a hot sandwich
This is exactly what I've been saying all month RT : I just need some good news.
first internship interview tomorrow Dx
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
Damn!! I'm out of town till Tuesday. I will, however be in NY in May :)
Could you send me your rates please
#whatihatemostaboutpeople is when they act COMPLETELY different on the internet then in person
I'm sorry! RT: #awake. No sleep today for the giant.
Because you'd like the government to redistribute that money?
Me and just whopped on in some showtime.
Pure fear has no reason to scare you with shock and awe. It works you from the inside, where there is only silence.
*throws on Sam Perkins authentic*
R.I.P my cousin Manny Wilson <\3
I wanna go outside and tan today. Guess what? There's no sun.
I hope I have a good 2012.
Each day I am reminded more and more why having a home outside a home owners association is they only way to go
Stumble on Pinot tasting party at Sokol Blosser. Yummy!
aw! Thanks girl :)
Smokin on that good......
Ready, set #kbis! Great new looks at cambria
so he got really pissed off and then broke up with me! :'(
You're surrounded by uncomplicated, apparent solutions that can dramatically boost your earnings, power, influence and success.
Great deals during NFL tonight. 11$ pitchers of Miller Lite and 3.50 drafts. 4.50 for a pint of Dale's Pale Ale.
NO I DON'T!
is my nigga yo , real rap .
PSA: if you call yourself a blood throwin up a "b" in your eye on that old jim jones scope shit, go get some leggings & lime green uggs. NH
Avengers was possibly the best movie ever, and just sayin I would so love to be the hulk wrecking the whole place!!
do you know what time the undercard starts on facebook
“: Omg omg twilight is coming out soon omg omg I'm losing my freakin mind omg omg lol but not really #ihatetwilight” //LOL!!
I called the grand slam with my daughter & neighbors said mark it a grand slam rookie! And he does it for me!!! What a shot!
you're seriously pissing me off, i can't take this
Come in for $2 hot dogs, $3 bottles of Louies and cans of Damsel during all Brewers games!
Am over here
Jeff Van Gundy "I would use numbers to my advantage, if they weren't, I just made them up. The players didn't know the difference." Classic.
not reviewable and the whole ball has to come out. Only half did.
- It's most definitely real. The reporter (cough, cough, ) is proud of it. Check her timeline. Embarassing.
"Forgiveness means that I give up my right to hate U for hurting me." ~ Jack Graham
LOL.....but when you get to your destination you will remember the struggle.....and it will keep you humble. :)
Come enjoy the Pacific NW. Our property is a convenient starting point for either a day trip the Columbia River Gorge or Mt. St. Helens.
OH on Philly radio on the way to the bus depot? Spot for new book Best Friends Forever
I hope they have composting toilets at the very least.
ONE DIRECTION TONIGHT!!!!! i guess big time rush will be there too....
Off to the field today with a targeted workout! If your in metro #Detroit and need a jump start follow a great personal trainer.
love it! And love working with you
In what world is a corporation a person but gays...not?
ESPN needs to start broadcasting winter league baseball during the NBA lockout.
Store flammable and dangerous products away in a safe place with a lock. (That's a great tip)
Want a copy of the book?
chris hope to see you later
Fun fact: the chances of you getting a sword decrease dramatically when you tweet us at 10:30 pm on our way home.
Crushes on straight men. -_________-
good morning sir
It's unbelievable how much has changed in a week
movie night at Joel's tonight! 7:30. You should come. I think we're watching Moneyball or Midnight in Paris.
RT All things are possible to he who has faith in himself, he who believes in his own abilities shall achieve.
this will only be my 3rd summer... by far my favorite type of vball tho!
Just walked across the stage. It's an amazing feeling!!!!!
hot dogs are pretty good...lol
ssi and welfare is getting cut in CA.
hotel beach party this weekend? i think so
Work off...FLORIDA ON!!!
AL GORE overdoses on GAS X in his futile attempt to cut the ENORMOUS amount of TOXIC HOT AIR he's producing.
my mom is so embarrassing. She waits by the door when I go to the bus stop...
Join our us coast guard pool on espn: group name: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
girl it's easy af to wand hair lol
I'm off :D
RT : I'm entering the Body By Vi Challenge after losing 40 lbs in 90 days. Are u ready 2 be ur own CHAMPION?
Always fun to send emails and here his inbox ping repeatedly.
Thinking hard about the meaning of mordants in the 16-18th c printing cycle. Yes anachronistic, but still important to work out.
should have hung around longer.. Then all my sentences sound like one word.. AWESOME.
it's been a while since a good ole #motn... Rebelution - "Good Vibes"
At rick ross bday event..... Every body is in here... Frm ne-yo to diddy to wiz to...... RICK ROSS IS shutting it down! :)
There's no speeding in the trudging zone.
Red John killed by Patrick Jane? I don't believe it. No way!!!
Ah, what a shame that I missed that! :-(
Re-reading book. "Success occurs when preparedness meets opportunity."
Reader: You're doing it wrong. Me: No, you are. Or at least, that's what I hear in my head.
singing #AngelsAndGentlemen in class while everyone else talks. Helps me focus :p
Patron party tonite its the weekend #cablegang new video (indian) coming soon
Wait, let's think about this. "roll roll ya sniff twist it at the end" could go viral as a catch phrase.
This is what a sports medicine doctor likes to see..a good competitive injury free game of football. Go Dolphins!
Final class tomorrow. Two papers to knock out this weekend. Then done forever.
#RT if you from the west
love your show!
I'm going 🎿 tomarrow!! Haha can't wait baker just got 7" of fresh powder!!!😝
In the club doing spanish
YouTube is my life 😁
Excellence is not something you do; it is something you become.
yea,savannah?yea a long time ago.lmao
Does this mean Mainsail Art Festival in St Pete will be cancelled tomorrow? Bummer.
If you tweet about being on Community tonight, you can win a Time Hoodie? What is a Time Hoodie?
#FF a unique LA based mag produced in digital and printed formats. Perhaps a collaboration is in our future.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet.
french is such a pretty language :3
The more you know about anything, the more creative you are about everything! DM
wow can i have him back plz :(
I KNEW #MAYWEATHER WAS GOING TO WIN
Watching it to": Watching House an thought of "
break a leg tomorrow, elmore,
happy birthday nicholas cage
amen couldn't miss him less!
Seeking: Database Developer/Administrator for NYC trading firm, Assist with selection of proper database technologies for company, and inst…
Donovan McNabb. Football player.
Witch is better Facebook or tweeter
What happens in Vegas...
nah , we're getting a lot of good hoppers from different schools . From the looks of it , it's gonna be a good season .
Remember, alcohol and/or drug abuse is involved in about 90% of campus crime.
Since when do I have more than 1000 tweets omg
Normally this time of every year I'm hanging out in DC, but decided to pass on it this year. Money over pleasure.
no, she's going back to Guatemala tomorrow Everybody said their final good-bye's today.
Christmas party
Off-hours, it's not so bad. But otherwise: still I-95!!
yes, rackspace is definitely down again. down time by rackspace...
Want to try the new #LUNAFiber bars, especially the Peanut Butter Strawberry flavor. Sound great, but need more protein/less sugar.
You are the best!
At U of T, they created "modules" relating to crit thinking & research methods that can be used to support variety of disciplines.
visiting the #ceoclub luncheon
What theater blogs do you follow?
Inventing the unicycle motorcycle today. If you want to invest and make millions just let me know
Going to Disneyland today. Hope to see everyone. Who's coming?
“: Shut up, you sound like an idiot #dadeprobz ” lol at least I'm not the only one that sees it
It is very fun Tiger stuff....The $68 tag on the cool hoodie makes me take a step back, though.
p.s. hey Santa, remind me to write "oxy acetylene torch" on my wish list this year. I want a new toy to play with.
Teaching abstract class today, using magnolia blossoms as jumping off point. Pics later
Can't just take a knee to run out the clock.
We aren't technically opening for Britney Spears or anything, but we ARE playing the same music fest. The biggest music fest in the world.
(cont.) and the business underwent several changes over the following years, including becoming a partnership venture
Netflix was the greatest idea ever. 🎥📺❤
tell that hoe its a GO on site! we swingin no hesitation!!!!!!!!
Follow today. Let's start a trend.
thanks for following me, l look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
you so read our minds! See you at Walmart girl!
Hey, #BBQ sauce, outdoor cooking, spice/seasoning, & kitchen-supply companies: Wanna expand presence in #Texas? Be a part of !
A full day of Atlanta shopping lies ahead. The tornadoes and truck size hail have finally passed.
A few members from our #HR team and #EBP niche will be at the HR Leadership Awards. Headed there? Let us know.
I hate how I have such a soft voice, every time I yell at someone my voice cracks & nobody takes me seriously .,,
I better not see him give someone a wet willy in the dugout tonight RT : Wright scratched from tonight's lineup with a bruised pinky.
I have a question & Do u know any upcoming auditions for Nickelodeon or Disney Channel? If u do can u reply back ASAP.Plz & Thnx!!
And pleather? RT There's definitely a foreign fish in it. RT TWIN PALMS (7/12) trailer
I know we haven't! and im sure you did great! im pretty good thanks you ?:)
might not notice me but atleast i know he loves me(:
Great bootcamp workout this morning...now ready to start out this day! Happy 4th everyone!
its a #beautiful morning!!!!
Clooney's publicist earned their pay today. Finish this sentence. Last time I took my dad to a protest was…
I hate tweet stalkers
Sorry, but I don't get why ppl love this fucking song.."Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number..." such a SHITTY SONG
no Reeboks, sorry
“: I ain't tryna do it big, I'm just tryna do it right.. remember this?” what is that? lol
Taking our son to school with
I don't know what I think anymore. I kind of hate my favorite team right now so...
"Paige, I like you a lot. But I love you more than I like you."- #ilooovvveeeyou #bestfriend 😊☺😍😘😚💜💏👫
hahaha ur too funny my love... where are my cookies :)
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to your wine tweets!
": That moment when you realize you said something REALLY stupid and you cant take it back..."
Ahh...yes. #CHIA street teams all over NYC and other cities today.
Thanks for the #ff and right back at you Looking 4ward 2 collaboration & following the fab worldwide instructors u suggested
Thanks for all the #FF love!! <3
thanks! I like QR Codes and mapping-connecting the two works well. Need to do more with them than just link to a plain site.
This video trippen blood
aw shucks. miss u guys too! Had a music rehearsal tonite - since i've been a lil addicted
My burrito always falls apart in my hand
When twitter first came out i thought it was wack! But now i think im addicted!! O_0
I need to do it. I just can't.
text me back stupid dime piece!
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. -Jewish Proverb
RT : A new report has found that the incarceration of juvenile offenders has failed to stem or reduce youth crime |...
I really wish I could tweet all day during work. It's great sarcasm/snarky relief. :-D
sorry its late! but followed(:
time to clean the litter box, my cat just dropped a fresh Daniel Barber
Funniest American Dad EVER !
I love pressing buttons, so as you could imagine this makes it really difficult for me to be around nipples
you're going!??
My husband and I created life!! Our tomato plants have sprung plump, green, nubs ready to burst with juicy goodness! Hope they ripen soon :)
It would thunder when i have to take this long ass journey home from school. Damn it I got that umbrella though.
It made my day to see your tweet. Am doing well. I love being a librarian; don't miss the stress of acquisitions @ Basic Books.
Still out shopping... Wth this is really shop till u drop haha.
Thanks for the shout out!
you are in for a dousing, Joy
Phone need charging.
Thanks for the follow! Digging your music, too! See you up the road.
I must be doing something off b/c I have a lot of highly religious folks following me on Twitter lately. Maybe they know something I don't.
Because they haven't polled it yet.
Yoko Miwa Trio performing tonight at 7:30pm start, one set only. Hope to see you there!
Anybody know what's the cheapest way to get a SIM card for 2 weeks in the US? (nothing fancy, talk and maybe SMS)
What do you think about empowering customers by giving them the Android app experience before they buy an app? Our team created a system fo…
I was very sad for Sam Neil on that submarine.
Brandon Stockton or Oliver Simmons...
Ain't that the truth, Brooke. And you know what's awesome about this semester? StudyBlue is at the tutor booth.
Great photo on your blog of you and your assistant. Absolutely adorable!
Ron Paul Comes to Fort Worth Wednesday! It's better than Christmas!
How did the dancing go?? I'm so sorry I didn't get to help out.... :(
we got all the bitches you niggas need to come occupy the ladies!!!
happy birthday to #Doyle and his #bahama mamas
Ugh I have class tomorrow God please don't let it rain smh follow me and I will def follow u rite back :)
Do you have a lot of natural lighting in your home? If you don't how do you make the most of the #naturallight you have? your answer!
All fans can agree that a #Pacers vs #76ers East Conference Finals is exactly what #HeirStern & the fans want.
"They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel." -Carl Frederick Beuchner
Lots of office activity 2day: follow-ups from yesterday, next week's speaking engagement & emotional eating elimination event prep. #DoIt!
Texas!! We're playing the phoenix saloon in New Braunfels tonight! Come on down. 8 pm
We have time for some Q and A - If anyone has any questions for us. The dirtier the better (kidding)!
they're probably thinking the same thing while reading this..
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed King Tut!
Republicans are right: business owners create jobs, not college students. At least not yet.
#Derulers, but his fans voted for the name
2012 Debate Point: President means one who presides. To preside is to occupy the place of authority or control====>LEADER =
Watching Titanic.<3 My favorite movie of ALL time.(: Jack and Rose are so cute together! <3 Gonna get to crying soon!:'( #Bestmovieeverr ((:
she doesn't control my retweets, she just loves the Beatles.
Workin alone today...ugh
"Im renting DVD's by mail" Me: eww that is so last year!
Oxy Mo: Chilling Fever
Thank God No Snow in Chicago!
listening to 'Forever Young' by One Direction,trying to hold back the tears <3 this is so beautiful when they sing it,gets to me EVERY TIME!
this is the best tweet you've ever had
Thanks, looking forward to the game. See you Sunday at the Galleria at Sunset for UNLV Day.
do u have a website for ???
It's autumn and it's chilly. That means Knob Creek and possibly a fire while the Brewers clinch.
Happy Birthday to
Alot of things has been changing n i dnt fucking like it one bit at all !!
#TIIP4P Matt Donovan: probable explanation for lack of UGC in engineering/manufacturing is that its just not recognized.
sometimes i wonder if people reads my tweets :P
At least it's not Monday
Auditions this Saturday, May 28th at COCA (Council on Culture & Arts) from 10a-3p! Looking forward to meeting everyone.
fuckin right. im so ready dude !
Are we gonna see you on Saturday? What time are you coming?
Ozzie: "To have the ability to go back and get a player you would’ve taken at your pick is good business for us.”
Adrenaline-Gavin Rossdale
Haha aww..what kind of dog?
Nice time-out McCarthy, trying to match Bielema on stupid time-outs?
Many thanks. Can you switch files from Dropbox to there or do you use both? Which one do you prefer?
use! You, too!
Oh yes! Something was lost now it's found! Now on to the next thing! Ready for another prayer to be answered!
DO YOU THINK ITS TRUE IF A PERSON TRY SOMETHING THEY NEVER DONE BEFORE WILL GET GOOD OR BAD RESULTS? SO WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF? LIFE!
$11 bucks to watch the bucks game? On TV? Really?
RT "Photo: Someones a bit camera shy (Taken with instagram)" LOL Matty! hope you're well. That pic is hilarious.
If someone is in Cambridge, MA at the Old Man Gloom show, please grab me a copy of the NO record!
Speaking of Doritos that new Taco Bell Doritos shell taco is weird. Idk if i wanna try it or not..
Endings are vital because of just that. Leave a reader disappointed & they tend to hold grudges. I don't blame them. I do too.
I could just picture security ripping it up and stepping on it, only to give you an "I love Impact" sign.
proud of the Noles!
Wells Fargo Bank in Carbondale robbed - Glenwood Springs Post Independent
A woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea. ---Honoré de Balzac
Deals & maintaining loyalty is all about context - treating all users exactly the same is not going to create loyalty.
Goddammit world just wait until I'm thinner and gorgeous and then you will have to suck up all the bad thoughts you had about me.
"Early morning Thursday morning...we were on our way to work. Lady on the 80 in her white hot universe."
How do you get a job as a seat filler? #oscars sign me up
If you haven't heard the latest mixtape yet check it out on datpiff. Give it a listen, local Pgh rap fans especially goo.gl/G01At
im here for the masses.
This is the second time I've heard Call Me Maybe in the last two hours sitting here at the game
Patriots or Giants?
/// Lakers are getting PWNED tonight.........I love it!!
quit trying to be me
Spring Break WOO!
The Jets got Tebow...Dreams really do come true!!!
thank you so so so so so so so so so much!!!
everybody else says "garbage"
Junior year will be the death of me!
Cinco De Mayo RT : Q1 #Foodiechats What is your favorite cuisine to create a theme around for a dinner party?
should come back to US Market
Timmy doing work
