Little wet here, north of Boston, too. C-r-a-z-y day, but also pretty productive. Now off for tuna melts w/my daughter. Yum! :)
End of the week I spend his whole paycheck, he show me bank rolls then my pussy get wet!
Yeah They seem to be making a comeback. The last few years I don't remember them stopping the game this often.
some cool , funny , crazy stuff coming out
Nobody w/ tose glasses or lips could possibly be a womanizer
Architect John Mock Lives! Couple restores his 1964 Mt. Helix mid-century classic in SD Home/Garden's Nov issue. Living history.
<racecar revving> <guitars blaring>
Our carpet footprint <<<
I'm ready(;
better be jk D: whats up?
shit internet a bitch
Pretty sure it was in MS Word based on the clipart.
Thanks for that follow friend
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will." Gandhi
seriously?! But I could have sworn she said the day after tomorrow!!
lololol Jackie and her mom and christina are still here . xD
RT : This is new beginning :)-yaaaay ☺
we think along the same lines, you're right about him staying in WI. Same as Rubio in FL and Christie in Jersey
That feeling when you see your first crush <3
I'm expert at wounding spys, practicing on 'Does THIS hurt?'. Trial & error works best.
Don't let moments pass you up to fix things before those things become worse & worse to you.
LAST WITNESS!
I look forward to reading your review.
We start day 2 of the Norwegian Championship in about 30 minutes. Blinds will be 600/1200-200. My 63k stack wants to grow!
Someone remind me why I thought a 3-hour layover in Akron would be OK.
everything out of bachman's mouth is a joke.she needs to really watch her mouth with that commit.
What fun to drop the pots and pans on the floor when everybody else got to party all night and is hungover. Ha Ha Ha!! (I wish I had gone)
Thanks girl!! Glad you like it!
eehh I wanna go to tennesee ;P
A night of spiked cider and wine with & others. Silver snakes...eyyooo.
White people don't have pimps.
I used endomondo before my Garmin. I liked it
The janitor is an asshole at out school
Fun fact. I officially have not urinated in 24 hours.
Happy Father's Day, dads. Enjoy your day.
Basketball (x
Dont play catch with
Dam impact study kicks off upgrade
Pros & cons
Tosca - My First - 06:08 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Did someone get a UPS delivery? RT : Definitely found former Northwestern QB Zak Kustok at the Derby
It is what it is...
more monies for the ignorant!
please read the hunger Games:) its awesome and a fast read...the next two books are also awesome:)
Sitting at Home with Family *Sleepy Queens* Happy New Year everybody! I hope you left the shit that brings you pain in the Past! YaY!
I hate going to funerals. My mama always make me go.
WORST NEWS REPORTING EVER!! The Purdue Women WIN the Big Ten Conference and are buried at the end of the men's loss to IU?!
Money doesn't buy class.
Put away your pride come on I can see everything by looking into your eyes
Pick up a giirls at the dollar store, they can never say you haven't lived up to the high expectations they had of you when you met.
I tell people to use Dropbox or OnLive Desktop that way you can edit if necessary before sending it mobile.
Your Peyton article yesterday was bushleague. Mr. Bündchen is 0-3 in last 3 playoff games...WITH his full complient of players.
MSMQ: Humanists traditionally didn't worry about utilitarian modeling because we didn't build things. But now we have that capability
Saw The Freestyle Battle When You Tebowed <3 Made My Whole Day. Especially Because I'm A Bronco Fan <3
Get the heck outta here
Whoever wins the fight becomes right, and the blinded opinions of those men become justice
Anyone got any vids from the show?
testing again 2
true but of course not the way id like to be watching. thankful for the computer though
Please don't rub your eyes when suffering from eye allergies. Not only will this make the itching worse, it increases risk of eye...
nope but tried to get him to notice u xx
Whose ready for summer?? We got new tanks on the way!
Woke up a little while ago my arm still hurts from where I got my blood done. Didn't sleep that good but good enough. Now time to Tweet. :)
-Ok I got you homie!!
“: "I don't get hangovers" means you're doing it wrong.”
Good times shall be had! RT : We just sent in our merchant agreement. coming soon to
I love you like a love song baby , ♥
Baby sister just got engaged!
here we go
you should have to you're man should have that covered right??
#bdayflow kickin it wit the bestie & going to enjoy some retail therapy :-) <3 Saturdays off
No I'm not, me and my friends just get real bored... .-. hahahaha
2nd most? getting behind someone applying mascara.
Getting Ready to Buy Tickets for Coachella @ 10am! Anyone Else Going This Year?
So glad to be awake early to watch the Roland Garros man final, and man is it a fight. Allez Roger!!!
TinyVox app... dreamy cassette format.
is your team all set for Chicago?
Table-Nine Bertuccis
I'm sorry to read the sad news.
Dj is so understanding
Of course Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd comes on once we get in the car from the cemetery.
I really wish I had a hot tub.
cuz it pays bills lol :p
nice enjoy! Have some oysters for me
I agree. Let's focus on players playing well that week. On LPGA tv show more players to get viewers excited
yeah i def think i will...he has some really great techniques i never heard of or felt...im sure they are amazing
waiters not found in (windowless) farms?
Did u find it?
s/o to follow her!!
#sla2011 great session on Integrating w/ sales & marketing. 4 top notch speakers!
come on out then! It's free for goodness sakes!
those glasses are cool. Ya looking important & scholarly.
The art of government is the organization of idolatry.
Tweeting a useless tweet just so I can still have a higher #klout score than :)
Twitter is reacting with "Dear North Carolina" trending nationwide...right alongside #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle. Ah, Twitter.
agreed. Anyone seen a checklist for what elements to include that make a presentation worth virtual sharing? What is solid content?
How much would it cost for you to wait in my attic and force my roommate to pay the troll toll? Serious question.
bracket shows 17/21 so far...dang, I was on a roll too
I'm so excited to go to the "Haywire" premiere tonight. Such an amazing experience to have worked on that movie!
Sorry is the only Twitter account for all Milwaukee Public Televions channels. Thanks!
Not have a V makes me realize who my real people are... #Damn this place Fucked up!!!
Cocka-Doodle-Doo Buggs! Order Cupcakes 4your next meeting, special event or just because! Email orders to . 2 doz min.
please like my page :))
Swag doesn't involve being an asshole to girls. [S]he [W]ants [A] [G]entlemen
Coffee..blues...smoke..Studio sesh
The flip side is that the OldOnes, aka over 60+, are not leaving their jobs so it becomes a catch-22.
Not happy that im sitting in traffic right now. :(
HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO SHARE WITH YALL
I know I saw you guys tweeting about her so I looked through his mentions omg prime example of a dumb TRS fan.
I need to go to sleep lol✌
Im trying to deal but I really dont want to
that's a relief to hear. I didn't think such junk could be coming from a Risley computer. My favorite site davidrisley.com
You know your gf is out of the country when your phone is at 57% at the end of the work day
Frozen grapes are delicious!
Do u like NYC?
Dammit Chelsea. Stop being such a failure.
Time to break bread w friends and strangers alike in memory of heidi
My bun looks so perfect today :)
I just ousted as the mayor of Fremont Coffee Company on !
OH. Look mom and dad friend requested me. * DENIES*
nothing wrong with that
not from me from you
I feel like I should DVR his postgame. So I can bust it out six months from now and get really depressed.
In an effort to fund a new Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Tablet PC, I need more work. Anyone need a website developed or semi-pro pictures taken. :)
Yuengling and metal.
what'd you get? I thought Redbones to be much like Famous Daves. Really enjoyed SmokeShack, not perfect but very good.
Finishing up my first vlog. I hope you all like it. New song also debuting via mailing list tonight. Drop me your email to join the fun!
Frozen yogurt is now an Irish song
Can anyone please tell me what's going on, every time I press "settings" it pulls me up to a blank page. Reply if you can help please.
Not your laptop :O This guy behind me had a Dell and it sounded like a windstorm!
I will submit an outstanding paper and get full credit! Then, off to #sweetwaterfestival in
check out for Sweeps Week! RT : CBS Supercharges Sweeps Week With Social Media - t.co/Myueou5i
best month: 8pril
Hows everyone's Thursday going? Ours is going great here at Fastino's. Come in today and enjoy something from our wonderful menu.
Anyone else having trouble tearing themselves away from TLC's Cake Boss Marathon? I really need to go for a walk...
REALLY GOOD live music, tune into www.theroomlive.com, 8pm West Coast time! Watch Live + ALL new Single Chef show on MONDAY 6pm ROCK OUT!
I did (only a little crazy).. lives here in Boston
or laid haha
Yea when
Getting ready to watch on my ellen<3
love it girl! xx
Syracuse Basketball Icon Jim Boeheim Joins Cellceutix to Fight Cancer - MarketWatch (press release)
God Bless America, land that I love.
Standing at the base of the Statue of Liberty
Interesting-never saw a tweet from WH. Little unnerv'g for a sec! Just a retweet. Once received a call on a Fri noon!
Order sent to Zoe in OH!
same with my school! Everyone is so disrespectful !!
One day somebody is going to piss me the fuck off and I'm just gonna snap, I feel sorry for that person when that day comes 👿
“: 5 days left until my birthday, I'm getting old! FUCKKK! D:” you'll be 17 :P
oh I got this shit
sube las fotos de los muppets!
Getting ready for my segment on Dave and Carole, which should be interesting, because I don't yet know what we'll be talking about. Tune in!
WAKE UP NIGGA!
ok draw it out and give it to me on wednesday.
Face Time c;
Who here likes the old Mo-Town music? We love it! Classics!
Tweet us if you wanna meet up here
The Public Relations Team is #fabulous! You ladies rock...
Excited to finish up the forever waiting video shoot today!
Skip is going to eat Lebron up tomorrow on FirstTake...
feeling some type way #smh !!!
I am clearly delusional at this hour...don't pay me any mind. *eyes glazed over*
Instead of ADDIE, Michael Allen recommends SAM: Successive Approximation Model
RT : Use user generated content - feature popular items in your campaigns -
hello to you have a great Frday
The poet Joyce LeeAnn Joseph is unveiling her book tonight at #TheBoweryPoetryClub at 6pm! For more info, go to www.instereopress.com
Happy Friday dingleberries!
RT": Just renewed my subscription to "Jorts Illustrated.""
Have a wonderful weekend!
What a deal can always appreciate good food and a great steal.
. held up by as the model for institutionalizing new forms. Here here.
What to put in my Mixed Greens salad always stresses me out, and I always prepare it mentally beforehand too.
": Any guy who thinks he's playing a real woman is actually playing himself. A real woman is a great gain, so that's his loss."
Happy 4th of July to all of our American tweeps and peeps! Enjoy all of those BBQ's and fireworks!
thanks for the follow and support Jenny can't wait to meet you check out
I'm sick of this game, got my heart jumping
Was interested in the Starbucks trip to Seattle till they said it includes learning how to make lattes. They gonna pay me min. wage too?
Here's to the mahomies that will support Austin through whatever!
I don't use protection on my tweeter either... O_o
If you're looking for some great design ideas, make sure you follow ! She has some great tips and ideas!
If u weren't feelin her anyway that's a win-win
RT GOP base still backs Cain after he assures them that while he was harassing women he was never for one moment Mitt Romney
There are a couple of metal doors to former safe like areas but I wouldn't call them fancy. Did you mean gates?
Okay. Calling it a day. Thanks for the sprints! I really needed the kick in the pants! Again tomorrow?
You're right. I should. :)
Congrats to the people of New York!
"We didn’t have any parts where everybody played well at the same time....We had little chunks at a time" - HC Al Caravelli
“ #NovemberScope2011 Gemini Romance: Make your decision about what it is you want and then stick to it...”
It's all fun & games until the cops get involved... got pulled over with a ticket because the Fl # wasn't on the ski.
Hey, SPHers, congratulations on wrapping up the school year. On to summer!
best of luck to you Laura Jane. Way to live your life the way you wish to. I support you!!!
Personally hated it. Guessing it's the taboo nature-- but I am perplexed as well as to why it's appealing to women.
Yesterday was National Wine Day. How did you celebrate?
Save Energy! Conserve energy by checking the temperature setting on your water heater. It should not be above 120°F
...I just said that
Craving a big fat steak and a block of cheese...odd?
u mahomies need to wake up to reality tht all
No Name Brand Tanpons ! Wear They Do That At ! Haha
Another missed pick! #Oscars. Damn!
whats next week
Watching and OLD #Roseanne! Darlene and Becky are so young :)
ain't no way around it
Your pic is beyond beautiful!! It is practically angelic.....btw...glad ya' got my eyes. BOOM!
Yes, i'll take NC State +10 for a night of beers
absolutely! Where are you staying at?!
Yes! Great song. Perfect choice. I feel like I remember hearing that MtFlm used #ArcadeFire in a previous year. Yes?
Welcome Brendan!
Lol were at RT : party this weekend?
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you. Maori Proverb
Cleaning is good. Found the notebook with the garage door code written in it, lost for the last six months.
loved the weather today but hate my allergies :(
"You are not what you own!" Fugazi's prescient take on fair use.
1960: Roger Maris hits two homers in his Yankee debut, an 8-4 victory over Boston at Fenway Park.
do you have a day/time in mind where & can stop by?
I cannot comment about your parents because I do not know them or the context of these Obama comments.
Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.
Cover Show April 1st at Unit Six. We will be doing an entire set of songs by Brand New. Let us know what songs you want to hear!
I want to meet Nick Jonas :3
Finally in the Midwest!!
my wife and I are doing the same thing. We need a new vacuume badly.
Today I saw a woman attempting to push a huge piano up some stairs - no Three Stooges, just one fucking idiot.
Bring on Yuan Williams for SC primary debate...anything to do with race? Just saying the obvious
so sick. i just want someone to care.
the good doctor is very committed to educating the public - especially committed residents attending the Academy!
how are you using the Hangouts?
If you really didn't care then you wouldn't respond. Hence disproving your point. "That's stupid" now that's a response.
It is not whether your report is factually correct, but whether you see what God intends. Ten spies not technically wrong about grasshoppers
August 3-11 some of the best comedy in Milwaukee & beyond will take to the stage! 255 S. Water Street. Don't miss it!
YES": Kirko bangs fine ass"
CC cost me
James Murphy: thinking of a single magazine as an intranet embedded within larger network.
I was on 4G in St Louis all weekend and it worked pretty well downtown. And my battery didn't die fast when I left it on.
I think it's great that you are running the race for life (: you are such a sweetheart (: hope all is well ^-^
I think you mean Vandy embarrassed Marquette at Marquette....
Major back spasm during p90x plyo today. Only made it half way through. Smh
is always discreet and reliable. I've never had a better ticket experience. They're fantastic!
Closing arguments set today in freeway shooter trial of Stephen Dragasits.
thanks jojoe, ill kick the weight, then kick butt
aw thank you!
I can literally quote most of Bring It On.
De'Andre Is Good :) He's 1, Turning 2 In October :D And Yeah You Do, I Started Sendin Him To DayCare Now :)
That book is actually In the Garden of Beasts (not beast) by Erik Larson.
Oh I'm so gonna feel this in the morning...wait it is morning and I am feeling it. Ahahaha
Can't say I love the mello-dramatic, lyric based, ultra embarrassing tweets from Jim Irsay.
Granger a bum.
The world would be such a better place if people knew how to drive.
How is this different from ?
Philly Sports: Does NHL Need Rangers to Win Game 7?: A Fan’s Perspective (Yahoo! Contributor Network)
What is going on? Went to a new store in IL and they were disorganized and unfriendly. Very disappointed.
Retweet annoys the crap outta you!
RIP Leslie Nielson
&#39;I Can Smell The Fires From Here&#39;: Broadcasts From The L.A. Riots (EXCLUSIVE AUDIO)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool should i go to my next class?
Thanks for swinging by for a taste of one of our favorites!
power out for an hour, nearly choked to death, purse stolen.
call me: 5136003654
Mascherano! How good is he.
It's starting to feel more like spring in Indy!!!!
where at
MARC train better be on time.
Enter to win advance screening tix to #LOCKOUT & qualify to win 2 passes indoor skydiving! Txt SKYDIVE & ur ZIP CODE to 43549!
If I care about you , when you need me.. ill be there for you , all the time, everytime , anytime.
tryna cut deals out here - getting destroyed. NYC's cool tho, u gotta get me tix next year for your MSG game. how's the stroke?
Someone just puked at The Institute show. Woo!
email and you blocked me. End of story.
Very nice win for the Tribe...Taking Vinny and Haggs off the hook for giving it up.
nothing much just working away
Cush on my breat. Cocane on my tongue. Eat her pussy, make it numb. She can't feel herself cum. Pop a molly, smoke a blunt. ...Damn weezy...
Shoutout to my mum: MUM, I've eaten 6 servings of fruits + veggies today. SIX! COUNT EM! Do I get a reward, like bacon or choco?
Thanks for the
Happy monday everyone!
i dont know.
wtf does this mean??? Lol I think I figured it out after about 2 years
Yes RT : "sandwiches 4 eva" your next tattoo
I thought that was a requirement.
Do you ever find yourself 'out of your depth' with some of the subject matter?
I see you lurkin with your lurkin ass
WITCHES WITH RATTLES as in three witches dj in between red rattles songs at black market moto saloon on 3/17 otherwise known as st.patrick's
Confusing monogamy with morality has done more to destroy the conscience of the human race than any other error.
"When I was dead broke... I couldn't picture this..."
Oh man, shop to the nats would be glorious!
Is Axelrod's appearance on Meet the Press this morning sponsored by Target?
Changing the way we think changes our life. If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
#BKFerry . Tonight. . I'm excited.
…we have had intermittent actions in Yemen since the USS Cole bombing, and Central America is not a country.
you are amazing & you MAKE 1D & any so called "directioners" say other well there rong & have no rite to be call directioners
And it's only the first half #WVU!!
I love my new car! Thank you , for a stress-free car-buying experience.
I hope you have a good day babe
DeCosta: still a lot of goo player out there. The hunt goes on.
My Teacher told me that I was a piece of shit, seen her the other day...drivin a piece of shit!!!!
congrats dev!
Haha : ) My friend named her baby kyle : P Is ur nickname River ?
What can i say, I gotta crush on you! <3
its matt's birthday on the east coast!!!
Fuck what you heard; recognize what you see.
the fact that wednesday will be one year, <3
Thanks for all the RTs, and tweets on this busy Friday... you're the best! Every one of you...
I love to c u smile
It's times like right now I'm glad I'm nowhere near a TV. The #NFLDraft is terribly boring TV.
Let me know who still needs a follow back if I haven't already followed you back! <3
Goodnight I Love You Till Ma Heart Stops.
UK leaders at half: Davis, Teague, Lamb 8 points; Davis 7 rebounds; Teague 4 assists.
Off to do Character Building Shows!
Happy Easter!
Over 100 varieties of tequiila !!! So, how do you like your margarita?
Y not allow gays the same benefits, we as americans don't cherish the privilege that much anyway...
There aren't any secrets to accomplishment. It's the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
I can't wait to hear it
Hey, Ted!
Rice University is trying to sell KTRU, but community members are still fighting the illegal sale.
Wish me luck!
you're fortunate to live close to the land. It's like L.A. around here.
So it seems I'm getting a Bolland jersey instead of a Belfour one… I'm still good with that
Talking to the person that meant the world to you and getting the feeling they forgot it even happened <<
The New Orleans East don't have a hospital #blankstare 0_0
That's a beautiful bullish engulfing candle on $SOHU. Textbook.
Happy 21st Birthday, Andy! Love you. :)
In the neighborhood? Don't forget to check-in on facebook with us at 631 Folsom! We've got 38 check-ins...
I need to get out of the water from time to time and just...breathe fully. Fill my lungs with life and possibility.
Now that is following me my life is complete
Levi Johnston, 21, is about to be a father again: TMZ reports that he and his current girlfriend Sunny Oglesby, 20, are expecting.
This weekend going to san fransico
he's in the finals!!!!!
“: Right back atcba! Xoxo Please tell everyone you know it's time to #HireMarkEdwards.” Hire Mark Edwards!He rocks!
Tramp stamp is hanging out today.. #croppedtee <3
note taken!
- my first thought was "holy cow, look at those paws!" What a sweet looking pup. How old is he?
that's the way to go lol
next time!
is honored to represent the company at the Red Carpet gifting suite for the Academy Awards!
As long as you're across the street, we hope we're BOTH here forever!
Twitter builds people self confidence , that's nice and all but if you ugly.....you ugly 😲
Keep the world safe
Did they just draw a line through it? :-0
Wondering if Siestas could get a copy of the commission you read? Moved 2 tears w/my new friend as we spoke it over 1 another X
A brand for an organization is like a reputation for any person. You earn name by trying to do hard things well.
As a daughter, wife, sister, granddaughter, and niece of a Mason, I can hold my own.
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate
This lady gave me $3 in bills and added 5 more bucks on the receipt! :D
Engaging Our Most Challenging Students session helped me generate a long to do list for this summer.
You're welcome! Keep an eye out for some exciting updates to our career tools coming soon.
Cavs just rolled thru the office, only autograph I wanted was somehow he slipped passed me.. Andy did rip ass on the elevator tho
"mental weight loss"?? It's called exercise
Make sure you download this week's #honorsystem song, "won't say goodbye" at www.honorsocietymusic.com
Former colleague, , is talking abt #interedition annotation server--based on OAC-=that really shows the emerging standards potential
Joseph Morgan: But there is always going to be this connection between Elena and Stefan. So maybe eventually, that will win. #Stelena ♡
My printer is driving me crazy because I'm doing the same thing and it's giving me different results. Isn't that the definition of insanity?
": Saying "I'm fine" when you're not, "it's nothing" when it's everything, "I'm done" when you know you still wanna try."
Its gonna be MURDAH to concentrate on Final Projects when its 85 degrees out today = #pooltimeandbeerminute?
After sending this to my friend I get it. A bunch of my exs have begun talking to me and it bothers them I'm in a long term relationship
Hopefully not!
haha well you should have come out!
Excellent. We're throwing a little party Friday night if you get into town early. Otherwise, make sure to say hi on Saturday.
I know it will be exciting hockey, heck I'm hyped for Coyotes/Kings
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - Louis Hector Berlioz
Happy mothers day ma! I love you with all my heart!
Just realized - I now have a purple mouse that matches my purple computer.
RT : . Most definitely! ... what supports the meadow .... And there isn't a better voice to be sharing it :)
Happy early birthday. If you guys keep creating like this, you will attract a a huge following. No doubt.
BBQ sauce and onion rings...sounds like the Rodeo burger they used to have at Burger King ;)
Torn between the gritty raw Juliet Simms and the powerful Chris Mann! Love them both on #TheVoice! Now onto
are u at home or out?
Sometimes I think I'm not doing enough with my life. Then I remember some people ONLY smoke crack. Then I am comforted.
Hey! This is from True Colors. How are you all doing today?
<sending Aaron gallons of paint-remover> Wishing you the very best of luck with that look, darling!!
Thanks for the RT!
np 'Marvin's Room' by Drake
Hi Chrisina Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
CAN YOU GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT TO PROVE TO MY FRIEND WE FUCKED LAST NIGHT???
Quick overnight trip to San Fran tomorrow glad to be flying though
Thanks Santana! So great to talk with you.
Drinking mate in Buenos Aires
Heat lightning is the bomb
So much potential, I bet I can empress you.
Mostly people leave eating meat and start eating vegetable or reduce the amount of food to greater level
Do it. Balki commands it.
Just another jump shooting team. If they were in a position today like how The Pacers were in the first half shooting the
Remember that you are first and foremost an artist, and only then you are an Entrepreneur!
well I mean I use an alarm clock, but I guess a coffee pot works too?
this one I'll wholeheartedly agree with!
Inspired too & realized that I been doing Bootstrap UX already! I'll be talking about it Fri morning at 8
Ha! The Leftovers by Tom Perrota
Just saw and tweet at you. Cool org! Know about ? Would love to have u attend
It was beer marinated bacon cooked on the grill in the can :) I cannot take credit for this idea.
Adam Jones with Adam Bomb!!!
I will be there from Sunday till mid may
Did you finally make it on to D3? :p add me! H4ck3rGyrl
Man @ amtrak station: "Excuse me miss, I just got discharged from a psychiatric ward this morning, Do u know where the Walgreens is?"
Ready? Best Beatles album. Go.
But together is fine, lol. Are you talking about Arron? ;-)
I am 99% positive that Cee Lo is a Tamagotchi.
Forgot how much I miss basketball
GREENS, so pumped for the game today you going? Terps best be ready
You can't dare the impossible.
That's was up. Good stuff
aaawwwww it's gone be ok link! *hugs from afar* 💗💚
they see me Rollin they hatin
Ha! So true. Poor cabbie.
Do you know of a merchant who would want to run a #local #dailydeal with ? Introduce me and if they run with us you get $50!
At least he is famous for having
RT : A7 Leading is influence even if its just one other person.
Board meeting at our partner this morning.
Any chance u could help?
i followed!
Still grading!
RT : Don't be sad when u r far apart from someone u love, remind yourself how lucky u r to have someone so special to miss.
I don't want Tuesday to roll around...at all...can we just skip it?
you are not answering your DMs!! Why dont you wanna tell why it was the best day ever?? And u said you'll post a pic about it
great to meet you as well. Glad to have you here in Austin as the first leg of your nationwide adventure. Enjoy the journey.
I know, it was somewhere I always looked forward to going when home on breaks. Sad.
Happy birthday to ! <3 u have inspired me and many Mahomies! Have a great day and hope all ur wishes come true! <3 xoxo
Girl...u killed it...Sang it girl!!!!
Rack 🌆 bitch, rack rack 🌆 bitch.”
"so...do you know what swag is? [pause] I think it's bad news" -Dad
Me too, me too! Excited to see what's in store!
I mean LA
Good luck at the Toronto Marathon
CNN projects that Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett wins the Wisconsin Democratic primary for governor to face current Gov. Scott Walker.
Jim Morrison was the most beautiful man to ever walk the planet. Love watching The Doors: Dance On Fire. Amazing.
- Thanks LeeAnne, you class us up with your great work! :)
I used to like Dirk. This game is making me hate him.
Making ya boy breakfast....so nice!
Thank you! Sundays & Mondays are $10 sangria pitchers. Spread the word and see you soon :)
:D that's funny
Q4 build upon knowledge as course progresses, don't give instructions for previously learned concepts
I'm not interested in putting Vons out of business. Union supporters should still shop there. I'm looking to save at Walmart.
i crack myself up
#FF Shes a talented up and coming singer!
Thanks...I've had a good run so far with baseball and the NBA...going to let it ride tonight, I'm either up $4k or even!
really? check the history behind Reagan and Clinton
& tearing the stage at 's event
People constantly use me for my notebook paper. Do I look like Office Max?
RT : "[Universities] need 2 figure out how 2 produce master learners: people capable of learning anything"-Michael Crow <-I like that.
Win Chicken McNuggets from McDonald's! Just tell us your weekend plans. Email with your answer.
I am encoraging families to come together and Pray april 2nd @ iwillmovement.blogspot.com
#RewardMilk hangover ... only cure? That's right,
yes! I'm dying!
its all good....its on now....
If they are door masters why tha fuck would u lock them behind a door REALLI MUTHAFUCKA
WTF! You've already seen them I WANNA SEE
Looking at the schedule for the Board of Elections, it looks like it refers back to the page I sent you re. social media.
#Swagger isn't something u do... Its something u are!
Cool. I don't really do much Broadway, but Bernstein is tight.
About to lay down the 2nd Below The Influence, pre-mix checklist: #redbull ✔, #menthols ✔, #booze & #dubplates ✔... Here we go!
So, if you want two rad, readable pages on Beethoven's advancing of sonata form, check out Solomon, 254-5! - DvL
i'll say this once again you people you are my friends the devil he can't come in tonight that's right
Bynum & McGee - too much YOLO on one basketball court.
It seems like everything I do I just can't please anyone.
You're not too whatever to fast! Your fasting may be the cure to your diabetes.
Started day with 12k at 2/400/50a. Chipped up to 30k in about 45 minutes w/o showing down a hand lol. I am now busted though,hands to follow
Good Morning !! Long and busy day today... Have a great Thursday everyone <3
damn devils
Requet sent -- thank you :)
White makes start, finishes fast
Job posts are shots in the dark. Job posts on Twitter seem like shots in the dark while riding a train.
needs to make more songs like "state of the union"
Might be too much work, but could dark archive some digital copies of papers in expectation that opp. will die down.
Look us up while you're visiting Indianapolis this month. Grt food, drinks, music and fun. Close to your hotel too.
Hijacked again! Sorry everyone. Please ignore that weight-loss spam from me.
thanks for sharing with your followers! greatly appreciates it!
Thank you!
New Years app is currently 75 in top free reference apps and has over 2 million fireworks shot off!!! 2012 New Years Countdown!!
just started following you based on the interview you did with Serial Optimist. You rock!
I'll have to check it out
RT Thanks to everyone for a wonderful day! Hope you all enjoyed your night out in #mke. See you all tomorrow!
My Recruiter Said "Just Hope You Don't Have A Stupid Bunker".. I Feel Bad For My Bunker Then lmao -__-
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic restrictions and problems.
Happy Saturday! Welcome to all my NEW followers ♥
I've had so many of these
The season starts 2nite! Kick it off w/us! 7 HD TV's! GameTime Specials: #Beer Towers $30, $1 off Apps, $4pints w/$2 refills!
Seriously it's grind time. Make sure you enjoy each and every moment of that grind though. It's not all about the final whoo ha successstory
Can't beliebe how much i think of you and know you..but you don't even know i exist... (:
education and family are the two pillars our organization was built on...glad we share similar interests.
RT Coming to America never gets old.... NEVER GETS OLD!!
my mom took my phone and laptop again tonight because she realized I took them back.. i take it again when she goes to bed
The sad moment when I walked by josh Hamilton from the texas longhorns when I was in Minnesota and I didn't even realize it
Actually, i love skittles. So id love too (:
I can't really complain at least I'm playing good and consistently cashing. Up a few grand in the last few weeks from it
Tomorow is 420 and i bet none of you are still gonna do
I hate it when a guy calls me "dude". I'm not a dude, I'm a girl.
"India conquered and dominated China culturally for 20 centuries without ever having to send a single soldier across her border."
Bored out of my mind!!
#AustinTo700K !! Come On #MAHOMIES We Can Do This! #AustinTo700K <<<Trend!!(:
best of luck, Alec!!
I always feel so sick in the mornings.
throwing on some makeup then going to work..
Why do everybody want to play mind games? smh
Who's ready for summer? ;D
I love all of his pictures. haha.
YEAH TOUCHDOWN :D !
if you want punkrock listen to Jolly Badfellow!(they have fb&myspace, no twitter) or listen to just because :)
waiting to hear from you re: sloppy, crooked installation of dishwasher yesterday.
Yay! RT : Hooray! just got out of her lumpectomy & is ok. Send lots of love right now, Twitterverse!!!
I need heartburn meds when HRod pitches! DAMN!! How do we all not have major ulcers thks to him?!!
It doesn't look like it when you watch match vids though, you have to play it to understand better.
Falling asleep in 1 of ur most boring classes
"RT: I'm from the apple so that makes me a mac!!>>>>Bo!!!!! Lol
That's them. As long as Florida State Unviersity remains accredited, I have no problems. All this money Im paying.....
Happy 20th Birthday to the World Wide Web!
suggest that the political statements made about the Awlaki killing be held until the facts are released!!! Not a chance!!!
One of the few times the WaPo 4th floor (Style, Arts, Sports) is bustling like the 5th floor (National, Metro, Politics, Foreign).
feels squeaky clean Refresh citrus bodywash/shampoos are lovely
I'm here for a conference, and I'm pretty involved - wouldn't have had much time to visit :( Miss you guys!!
me neither. According to nfl app, he has fifth round value. So...makes sense!
thank you for keeping us informed!
Developing Designs for Chalk board vinyl - stick it any where and "poof" you've got a chalkboard - very cool!
omg i got backom twitter lost my fone im back guys lol how r u guys
“ You have crossed the line to the point on no return, what you do from here on out i am no longer concerned”
not at all, girl! I got this!
that sounds awesome! stay tough humps!
The closing ceremony for the breast cancer 3day in Atlanta was incredible, if you can volunteer please do so. I do every year...
What the hell is going on? Honestly?
they're just in time for the spring weather! Glad you like them. We appreciate your feedback.
right on brother!
“: God does the supernatural, we do the natural - Willie George #c3conf”
Damn its raining dime pieces @ my audition #ILoveDaisyDukes - XavierLT.com
Scalped a loge ticket for cheap, then talked my way into the pit for titus andronicus at the wiltern.
#Molanlabe from Baltimore... Bring it tomorrow
Good evening, gentlemen! Thank you for the follow. I hope you have a productive weekend.
Calling Boosie a modern day Tupac is like calling Lebron James the modern day Jordan.
Never cry over spilled milk just pour another glass
What are these Repubs trying to pull tonight? I'm not an ignorant American. Half the time they mumble & don't answer the questions anyway!
LAME! That show sucks RT Oh sorry! No 1 told me new girl won't be on tonight due to American idol. But next week we are back
who's concerrt?!?!
Snowshoeing at Beaver Creek today! Yayy!
sounds horrible.
Fabulous article that tells the story of the only "prescribed" wine making methodology in this country!
I did, I did!!! Thank you so much!!!! We will definitely have to celebrate!!! I might try to come to the center next week! :D
is finally learning about the twitter. I hear it is all the rage with the kids.
Very cool watching work! Cc
thank u..
Incredibly proud of you, and so excited to see you at #NAMM. You rock \m/
Wearing my Bobby Weir shorts to my last meeting.
I miss warcraft!!): it'll be back in two days for me though):
Gym time a lot of cardio 2day backed up with a chest workout. Some ppl rest on Sunday I opt out forget rest I'll rest when I die letgo
Pastor Kevin Wehr bringing God's word this morning
The toy can grow with the child through more than one developmental stage.
Visited you guys in Santa Monica yesterday! Loved it!
Whoa. Final Dress tonight. How did that happen?
don't feel like waking up this morning (-_-)
Lookin at The great on Mtv Jams love the real forever #daddyfatsacks:-)
Finally touching back down at tha crib.
thanks for the follow ; )
You definitely should. Great networking opportunities & tons of model business leaders sharing insights and strategies.
Looking to heat up your meal? You're going to need to try some Wasabi. It's packed with antioxidants and some great flavor.
what's good Miss...
Bobsled & toot
- I spent several hours yesterday figuring out how to use OpenOffice. I am rooting for it to wean me off Excel.
I miss you to. We need to hangout!
It's tough to feel pity for you when you are on your way to Hawaii. :)
Anyone notice Greg Jennings holding his arm tight to his body after the missed TD catch? He must have hurt his ribs sometime before that.
Successful people know that the past can't be changed, and the future is the present.
New NYPL branch in Battery Park City - first green LEED certified branch in Manhattan. I will finally visit the Irish Hunger memorial, then!
#saturdaynight spent with my pigs #ilovethem :)
I be damed .
New hat samples submitted.. stoked!
": You can make a difference by yourself. But if you gather the right people--you can change the world!"
: I am going to attemp to duplicate Ronnie's efforts this weekend.
We're basically like evite, except when your friends open the invitation, it's to a web-based fitness challenge . . . not a party.
Shaving your arms is risky business
wish you were here open to close at
:) RT : Had a GREAT meal there tonight! Awesome that you offered the Anniversary Week specials this week. Be back soon
Don/Gene Kelly "Are you doing anything tonight Ms. Lamont?" (Lamont shakes head) "That's funny, I'm busy." heehee treated
wasn't even gone speak on it but yea that nigga bolt looks like some off xmen first generation or the avengers or sum shyt
why do I always jinx myself :-(
Bourbon = Cookies = Awesome.
The ignorant are too dull to know that,they are ignorant..The rest of Know when we are ignorant don't we?.Happy Happy
I'm seriously disappointed. I will find some food/drink to steal.
#wmusocmed a node is a connection or a hub.
HEIHE : I do too but I'm still alive! (: RT : I PUNCH COMPUTERS! : Haha, believe!
Enough showers, more flowers. RT It's May?
why is this year going by so fast
I'm giving up. Waiting for something that obviously won't happen ever again.
YAY!!! Congrats so exciting!! I have to have back surgery then my husband and I are going to start trying for our first :-)
Another playoff Overtime game for the #Devils... Stop doing this!
It is great to see your face. Miss you. Are you somewhere fabulous, exotic and sunny? It is raining here today.
Just got the word: rentals for the museum are up 3 times this August over a year ago!
Accra is awesome, but poolside naps sometimes must trump cultural immersion.
I'd be down. I don't know anyone.
Pathetic Nanny State... and who actually pays fine? Us, that's who!
our first #CSA box of the season arrives today. can't wait!
they're getting new beds this year and a chew toy or two!
So sore. Conditioning kicked my ass yesterday.
Can't think of another, but lots with in-house quacks
Rascal is wagging her tail in her sleep. At least she's having a good dream!
Wait until their teenagers, it changes to. "Do I have to go to Seminary this morning?" ;)
RT : "Marijuana In my System You Can See It In My Eyes I Got A Pocket Full Of 100's Man I Feel Like Plies"
Hi Ekaterina thanks for the follow.
Tonight was the most surreal musical experience of my life. Still cannot believe what I got to do! I think I'll keep this one to myself.
Urban Fondue portland, gave us worst seat in the house.
and 94 west is bear.
This Real Vice show on Scott Rakow is terrible.
Ryan is the only one right now that keeps me sane enough. My muse. 2more months to see him yay
Yes!!! I hope you stand up and support Ron Paul, we need him in office, asap!!!
“: Luck sound a lil slow when he talk or maybe im trippin”<~~u ain't tripping lol
Right?! RT : Haters call the Jonas Brothers gay when the Jonas Brothers have had more girlfriends than the haters ever will LOL.
YARCE! Keep me posted on where you is
2 boys asked him if he wanted to smoke grass. He replied there are 22 varieties of grass, warm and cold climate. Warm climate is not good
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
yeah I realize I forgot about it
Hi Jonny it's me Devon farrington
Or it's great score. Danny Elfman WHAT? Also, I like its final lines. Creepy.
no way
47, I believe.
I'n crying and speechless. I wanted this for my Mom. I'm going to call her now. I love everyone.
RT : RT : If I could figure out a way to slap people via the internet, I'd be rich.
is it jan 14 yet? My flight leaves at 5:20 am.
excuse me, but I was more than a lil offended by your absence from karaoke saloon cosmos tonight.
Thank you all for the follow! Have a happy day!
got any examples of what you're looking for. I may know someone. :)
Hi Kristin!! Thanks so much! That is super kind of you. :)
So good to chat today! Look forward to meeting up soon.
I did until I saw devour a while basket of them today RT : Anyone else wondering what a Frickle is?
I've had my Dell laptop for 4 years. Not one problem, ever!
Great #SocialMedia quote: "When the marketers move in, the members move out"
thanks dude!
Driving through the lackawanna projects with and trying to ball
FOH I DO NOT!
are you training for an upcoming race or marathon?
"and lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the age.” Goodnight
as the scars fade i must try not to create more
SKIRRRRRRRRRRRRR ✋ bitch please say it to my face
Commission public input hearing starts in San Jose.
Which conf, Heather?
what? You got me an early Christmas present? Lol
Studying at the Reflection Pond. Two exams tomorrow.
don't go to volleyball then. Easy solution!!
talked to Patek about that 2 years ago. That is tragic and stupid. Those guys have royals pride and played right
good evening :)
RT Diet & Exercise
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE LOVELY :D have a great day today doll! Best wishes xoxo <3
#COPS is bootsy
: Whoops...all that will be on my other account...I'll reiterate there.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Don’t use foul or abusive language. Let everything you say be good and helpful, so that your...
yes. God, yes.
RT : Happy St. Bike Sale Day! Doors open at 8 for the bike sale & Public Store. Live auction starts at 10! Also: GO SOUNDERS!
So many tourists
when you're stuck in traffic! lol But you're right..I do live by the water, so its great to walk, reflect & recharge ;)
everyone go follow our local rock station in New Orleans
The Hulk can't life Thor's hammer. So if the Hulk fell down and Thor dropped the hammer on him he wouldn't be able to get up.
I am a giant 2 year old
forget bl3nd...i just bought a freddy kruger mask. My new name is now DJ M3RG3
oh to do the things my heart desires. It will take time it will take time, and maybe a fire lit up my ass.
That sucks... 0_0
Uh oh what's happening..
Good morning, all
#America's Got Talent.....Go granny G :)
Thing I have learned today: A Ditto machine is also called a spirit duplicator
You know what... This IS Class Warfare... and it is about time we fight back!
#2ThingsIAppreciate love and my life
Steven Alexander covers the Timbers for the Trib 8:05 NW Sports Tonight. #timbers plus Portlandia chant
NO WAY. We are awesome.
I LOVE YOU! TE AMO! JE'TAIME (if thats how u spell it lol) anyways I LOVE YOU
RT : AMBER ALERT for Santorum is canceled.
thank you so much! Sorry for the delay, I'm playing catch up right now
done. pigeon on its way to yell at you about the cans tied to its legs. (might take a while)
Just signed up for Florence tickets!!!!
RT: "Among all medicines, there are none with the #healing powers of #love." Masaru Emoto
I love being recognized as "one of the librarians" & being asked reference questions on the street by folks I don't recognize (No sarcasm!)
Happy Tuesday :)
I meant to say FREE beer! ;-) Seriously though, it was a good segment. I may pick that book up!
Calling Zardari the face of Bhuttoism is like declaring Ghaffar Khan the idealogical successor of QuaideAzam;)
"Well does it too", the entire office stops dead....Deja: "YEA, Alonzo does it! Perfect reason why NOT to do it!
Yeah, it was new but the previous year's model. My current one is a 2012.
Everyone! I have Step Show fix. Call if you need some. Tonight You can find me in Akers from 6 p.m.- 7 p.m.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
GUYS, where is there a good barber shop?!
a geologist drinking from a water fountain? Thought you would know better!
#44555 elementary middle or high school??
Last night, a mom thought I was 34. I'm 23. Still old I guess, but geez lol.
followed, follow back?
It's Free Soap Day at my laundromat.
It will cost $751,527,715 to run this City next year. That is about $2,000,000 a day. Well, it is a big City. [1945]
Game day!!!! Suns Home Opener tonight! Who's going?
The foundation of lasting self-confidence and self esteem is excellence,mastery of your work. Brian Tracy
Great read! I always find it hard to initiate a conversation with a pr agency on twitter, I feel like a doufus
when cheddar bob shoots himself >>
Maybe. But, I don't think Kentucky will let that happen to them again.
Hey loser
Tex Mex and BBQ: the reasons I keep going back to TX (well, and a good friend).
Congrats! We miss you today!
Wow just wow .smh
RT : Today, right now, take 5 minutes & plan out Monday morning. Bonus points if you'll spend 15 minutes & plan your week.
it's like, write dope content, dont dupe me into this back-and-forth nonsense.
Gwyneth looks amazing! Love the dress so much more without the cape.
Follow back
History, I'm going to make you my b**** tomorrow.
Our #martinis put Sex and the City to shame! Ask Samantha…
Why can't it be Friday today?
The only way concert could be better would be to see it in person.
The guide to the papers of bacteriologist and public health pioneer General Stanhope Bayne-Jones (1888-1970) is now searchable online.
FUCK THIS THUNDERSTORM.:(
I've been waiting for a Zach Randolph post-up for awhile now.
The #builtheritage chat starts in 15 minutes! Just enough time for a snack run before we get going!
Feels great when voters say I've given them something to think about. When I get on the Council, I'm will raise the bar on public service.
nope they shouldn't be!
Congrats to Norfolk State who played the perfect game at the perfect time. Now go put the slipper on & keep playing Cinderella.
I think it's time to start my senior outfit slide
Excellent. We look forward to seeing you there!
hahahaha I just saw this :)
I'm still apart of #TeamSharina though ... lol does that balance it out ?
Diane Keaton is always in the same bad movie about old people falling in love and having awkward sex. Just stop already.
OMG so true...whats the point
Don't hesitate, why wait to embrace our fate. First step- lose the hate. The future is now yours to create.
Visit topnotchescorts.net... and my personal site alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
nicks bathroom? always quality shit on those stalls.
Wait once again beiber is trending.
Prostate Protection from Enlargement Can Be Achieved Naturally ...: This condition is widespread, as according to the National Instit...
I can't wait to see clowns dressing up as James Harrison for Halloween this year.
Me too. Now that's drama!
Eh, going to school.
sounds fun
If you're not using , you hate music.
Great idea! I completely neglected my flowers last summer. Plus, I've been meaning to figure out how to do some veggies.
it is almost poetic...
Big thanks to for making it down to Brooklyn to see Wonderful Town at !
we have time for everyone we run a business in 5 states and travel all over. Yes sure DM somemore info.#cityglamevents.com# loving it.
come visit in booth 2321! You can register to win a Kindle :)
Yes!!!! Miss you girls tons
As usual, great job AJ. You never cease to amaze me.
I totally just fell off of my bed and busted my butt. And in the process I broke my belly button ring. :( but I fixed it. :) #bruised&sore
There are three choices: waterfowl down, polyester fill and fibre-pile
7 days left for Artist Registration! www.ghartwalk.com
it's a toss up
call of duty: modern warfare 2 O.o
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it starts out being for the kids but at 9pm it turns into a grown folks party haha
Hi Bianca - thanks for the RT and best of luck with your WSET Advanced, not easy but will definitely help your career!
in sleep what dreams may come
Just saw Brandy and Monica on GMA their new song sucks but Monica be looking damn good! LOL
Alas, did not grace us with his presence. We sure wish he had!
Always good seeing :D
Yes any Simpsonizer can participate! :)
that gave me a 404 I think they moved it
: I believe a sexy female would get a job over a pretty female/unlikely for either if female doing hiring
And...? How is it these days? If you're there another morning, think about Carman's Country Kitchen. Not open Mondays.
Your acting in Jumping the Broom may have been imperfect to you, But to us... Perfection! It served a purpose to entertain.
nah but all you do is make fun of me , your not a friend your a scumbag.
is wondering where the snow is hiding. I am looking forward to playing in the snow with the kids and puppy. It's Jade's 1st time.
Woohoo! SO EXCITED!! My pre-release copy of LOVING by is here! THANKS Karen! Yup, I'm doing a li'l happy dance as we speak!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "not another Hunger Games quote!"
it was pretty good dude ! Bunch of homework though haha
WHY HELLO SIR, HOW ARE YOU DOING?
I just wanna be loved its so much hate in this place we call
Tomorrows gonna be tough..
Melting.. could be taken literally or figuratively at this point
Appreciate the kind follow. Would you be open to connecting about a wellness business? I've loved the experience. Thanks!
*Yes*! Go "like" Spin Magazine on FB for the link to download "Newermind", the album celebrating "Nevermind's" 20th. Playing nonstop.
2pac dear momma
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
I didn't know whether to enlist the weatherman or the vet to help with today's NY Times crossword puzzle.
That wasn't offside either...
We will have details on the next TV guest appearance, all schedules are currently being worked out.
thanks Tiff hope to see you
well she's not here!!!! Let me call her hold on
bitch u aint shit n ni**a u aint either I don't fuck w/bums I get my own
Looking for a #PS3 #BlackOps Casual #Clan - My #PSN id: Kaptiv8
thanks for the RT you two! appreciate the help!
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of some1 to blame it on. Robert Bloch
James Levanthal - "I thought I was Pepsi Generation, but I drink Coke"
PickUpLine: Nice pants, can I test the zipper?
I geting glasses
I auditioned today... and found out the great news today. I booked a part for Good Luck Charlie!!!
Ok..thanks love ♥ ttyl ♥
I wish my mom would just trust me. -.-
I love steakhouses. They always have the best bread
What exactly am I doing wrong?
Thank you for your very helpful advice for artists wishing to progress their skills.
or better known as "mi pobre angelito"
(Chris) Analyzing evidence with Savage and Phillips. Interesting stuff...
If it ain't your spit game, it's your dick game.
it went gr8. It's in post production now. Can't wait to see the final result. Working on something new now. Apologies 4 lag
Wht can be better than this
Hahaha love this
follow . Very witty, read tonight's timeline
can u just fucking have a meet & greet in New York?! :'(<333
Three companies going live with Salesforce.com next week: TabletKiosk, PPN Health Access and SG Biofuels! Great teams, Great projects!
FUN with #PUNS!: Can I tell you a story about my bed? I made it up :)
Thanks for the invite! And the shout out!
Excellent!!! : “ 1.29 million signatures for #TrayvonMartin” awesome! Mine is one of them!"
Wish I could go to Tulsa. Never been there. But, just can't plan another trip right now. When are you planning to go?
ha! I if happens again tomorrow I might be tempted!
its not my nap time its Makaylas...lol
Am I actually hungry or does food just sound good cause its 10:30pm and I shouldn't eat? That is the ultimate question.
Looking forward to continuing the conversation tomorrow and working together to grow #JCMO!
#WhenIGetBored I sketch mellow yet tasteful charcoal portraits of dancers in the rain.
I feel like today is a holiday really enjoys celebrating...not sure why
I went when i was little. I have A shitload of pics with all these characters lol but I wanna go now that I'm older
BIG UPS to . If you haven't swung by the lately, check out their remix sitting @
Can't wait to lay in my warm bed. (:
I just finished a 3.12 mi run with a time of 1:08:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Put something good inside and reflect on all the goodness around us! Sounds great!
The Saints are imploding before my eyes.. even if they over turn this fumble.. this is pathetic.
If you would create something, you must be something. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
shame on you.
bro that's tragic. sad to hear most def. smh I think he pulled the trigger on himself
She has a good sense of humor so she found my protest of selling the apartment amusing.
lol i would kiss him and i would kiss my cousin loves louis lol
I left Indy yesterday morning in the low 50's looking forward to warmer weather. Mid 90's in Cordele, GA is more than I bargained for!
not a problem. the reboot is the quick fix/bandaid, let me know if you need a hand getting appt setup.
If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart, I'll stay there forever. - Winnie the Pooh ♥
So ready to go back to bed
I do that constantly and drive myself crazy. I don't believe there is. I just delete it and repost.
I'm trying not to
Just bought 8 bottles of some AMAZING Zin at Bev Mo. Buy one bottle get another for 5 freak'in cents!!!!
Mystikal still got it.
They have superordinate and subordinate nodes. How are mind maps non-hierarchical?
ok ..time to cook some seafood risotto
LETS DO DRAG BINGO!!!! And you forgot "Having a sailor fall in love with me during fleet week"
i know. but i love the bubbles!
Thank you, Zap Laser Adventures. Without your blacklights, I would never have realized how bad I need to clean my nails.
Tipping slow I'm in the mode, if u don't like it then pardon me, what u kno the 4 on me, better bring u a whole army
anisha_scott Has spoken lol. Most ppl who think like this have a style of their own.
#RESPECT RT : hell yeah we gonna rip Memphis a new one on Friday. Gotto blow them out
is traditional sales dead?
Lol , I wonder what there doing now xD , lmao !!
follow she is the bees knees when it comes to Nascar!!!
Follow alum 's , helping human & animal victims of #DV reach safety together.
Any possibility of a strike-shortened baseball season this year?
“: “: I'm such a creep..... can tell you guys how much of a creep I am. Lmao.” mos def! ;D haha.”
Where's this fool ? Prob the post office
THANK U! 
Thank you! RT : Proud of the 200+ employees taking part in Day of Caring at IPS School 14 as part of our #Serve360 initiative
yes im sure
Lots of talk about opening Court proceedings. PCAK supports this one – a good compromise. Call 1-800-372-7181 to support.
that effect makes it seem like you have a full tatted sleeve on your right arm. Looks good Bubba!
This is horrible. Too slow, ugly, lots of nonsense on it that nobody wants
SO. Sore. It will be worth it though! Cali here I come! *eager voice*
We're feeling social so a company happy hour at La Sandia kicks off in an hour!
Really, really wonderful post Erin!
yeah, but thanks for disagreeing. Could've made me feel better.
I'm not though
I'm wearing my 2009/10 back2back Lakers caricature shirt today.. Hopefully we channel that same passion & drive that got us there.
I did, it's good. Lol
sports awards <3
follows me (: get #FollowMeConnorFranta to trend, and perhaps get him to follow you!
Karaoke has started
Blowing up education with mobile with Bill Zobrist is starting. I have high expectations for this.
my 2 favorite songs at the moment is lovestruck & i'm what dreams are made of. (: proud to be a member of the #sgtc // <3
Yes They Are They Been Arguing For A L'il Minute!
He is !!!! :))RT : He's a beast!!! Love his class ": Mr. Monarez: I never carry cash with me, cuz then you freakin
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!
Nothing as essential as a college education should be hoarded or rationed
Thank you for getting Trapped to 400!!!
No, def think it's just a "people" thing
Whats everyones plans this weekend!? Let us know what's up. Facebook.com/johnnyrockette
Working on the Non-Event year-end podcasts. So much great music to choose from.
Night Twitter! Have a great Tuesday night.
I've been in twitter jail for 3 weeks now. WHAT THE FUCK.
Know of a local business in Milwaukee that we should be following? Tweet us at
I followed her ya tard!
Woke up with tears because of a bad dream.. ;l
Only for mothers day or work, will I get up at 7 am.
finna log off , finishe eating my food downstairs & go to sleep . goodnight <3 (:.
GO BLAZERS!
"The strength of what we believe is measured by how much we are willing to suffer for those beliefs."
What's going on with you guys today?
I'm most surprised by Parks & Rec. But all 3 trail The Office in ratings despite beating it in quality
i always forget how i feel about someone until they come back for a day and its like the past 5 years just came up & smacked me in the face
Wishing a very merry Christmas and a wonderful 2009 to all my Twitter friends!
I think your next #twittertuesday should be
Christmas is a wonderful time of the year. Unless you're the one doing all the shipping, that is...
I just got done with my first periods test...and I have a feeling I flunked it
Taking the Food Stamp Challenge with Congresswoman Jackie Speier this week. Trying to live on $4.50 allotment per day to gain understanding.
Happy Memorial Day!
Being christian is more than just saying so...
yes and skittttttllleeeeeeeesssss!!!!
you mean like the freedom to kill 5 hookers?
not me! I was a miracle! Hahaha that's what I hear every year.
aye-o
How have things been going since FBS?
New album and announcement of Chicago concert!
Union Rags is walking inside his barn. He definitely took a peek into Hansen's stall.
Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot.
You may want to see that TV before you commit. :-)
Nothing like an ignorant person telling another person they're ignorant, lol.
thanks so Much! Everything is going good!!! Hope all is well with u too!!! :)
Anyone notice the guy hunched over in front of the Supreme Court for the past 10 days?
mike and I have a philosophy: ALWAYS BE HAMMERING. Sounds like you do, too.
(1/3) Little fly, Thy summer’s play My thoughtless hand Has brushed away. Am not I A fly like thee? Or art not thou A man like me?
im sorry do i know you?.
Bulls off to a solid start
hahaha yes RT : Do you ever feel like taking a shower is more of a favor to other people?
I took all the hate and rejection & used it to fuel passion.
omg i just won $100 thanks to <3 i love you guyss!!
Can I sit in? Sounds great. RT I'd LOVE to work with students on the intersection of social media & leadership.
that is a concert not to be missed!!
DAR WILLIAMS & JOAN OSBORNE - Tuesday, September 27 @ Turner Hall Ballroom - 7:00PM DOORS - Tickets on-sale 7/29
How does looting and destroying your community help protest against a police incident. No matter how controversial? Idiots!!!!
I told you I'm bringing it back!!
In other news, I desperately need someone to come over and open this jar of salsa.
Even though the stream is down, don't worry, we can still get it up. It just takes a little bit of coaxing.
Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law.-Proverb
“: I don't chase, I replace.”
Final 2 hours on duty before vacation. I feel like one of those veteran cops in a cop flick, only 1 week to retirement, doom cloud looming.
Washing my hands of it............... They feel much better now.
Thanks the mention!
But the money keeps you there. Ugh.
Will the 1.7 pistons have the same IDs as the mod? If they do, will the pistons in my existing saves still be there?
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
stop blaming other writers......you opened the can of worms re: #Pacman. I guess it was the bad writing....
it's great!! -_- lol....they'll unfollow me soon. You can't say anything without having a random page follow you lol
I know! I hope I can go!
I have Yann Tiersen on repeat today.
thank you <3
it's been a FANTASTIC day. how about you?!
thank you sir, it was a super fun burger day. pics later
He waited until now because he needed something to take attention off the economy. Mission accomplished.
What if anything do you listen to before you slumber?
Yes, let's go with pack A and use the extra to purchase graphics, etc. I can add on as I learn/grow if needed in future.
What Am I Doing ?.. Tweeting you & waiting for a response.
Not watching playoff basketball instead watching hockey. What the kings are doing is amazing. Hats off to them man
Another selfmade #JerZday - miss y'all -
County attorney said Reno officials have refused to give county info on SAFER Grant. City says it's not public document until award is final
Looks enlightening..thanks again.
ah ); guess who got caught me ); no more computer today
I'm pretty sure I'm a carrie.
beth is cool dog nice love ya both from oklahoma
the 7 one i don think we would make the 5 one :o
HAHAHA one thing I'm not looking forward too when I get older.
For my new followers I also make jewelry! In my spare time on etsy
LOL ": “: What a group of FAT and UGLY B*TCH#S RT : <~~ hahahahahaha!! You stupid! Lmao!"
i love you.<3
After sleeping all day, I'll drink wine & watch Network (1976). Maybe the best Christmas thus far. Maybe.
Author Trivia: did you know that our own Susan Madden Lankford has 2 French donkeys named Andre and Jacque-Pierre?
my sister says "U can't save the world" I sure wish I could! my sorrow for the Planet is no different than what I feel for a homeless person
how was your day??
Thanks to everyone that came out to last night for Cinco De Let's All Drink Too Much Tequila!~ Anyone remember to take pics?
Y'all. Chai latte with almond milk from Argo Tea = dairy-free, soy-free DELICIOUSNESS. , you'd be all about it.
AGREE SO MANY LOLZ
no lol I'm sick is all.
Jamming to a mix of and Love these fellas!
Just got home >
My day will consist of soup, Brand New, and a ton of home remedies to get rid of this cold or whatever I have. #sickpeopleproblems :c
. I greatly enjoyed the Cheeky Yinzer. The KBS 2010 was also amazing.
You say that now -- numerous will turn a blind eye. IMO very few would turn their kid in.
my vote is for Patrick paolantonio and Matt salemme
ncis is the best show ever ncis los angelers is great to will after 11 days off i have to go back to work not good not good
omfg, your recent tweets = THE TRUTH. I love you.
I promise to invest my lottery winning towards the cure for hangovers and change the world
Everything you can imagine is real ~ Pablo Picasso
#20thingsaboutme I have a strange obsession with the airport. Hahaa for the longest time I wanted to be a pilot. I love flying(:
Oh shit, did Edge just challenge Red Spice
When im tired I say the randomest things [=
ill black and mild you
:-) happy i seen my buddy..
they --- they kiss in the video o.O wut!? you make your fans upset/jealous -.-
Sklar: we should listen to discourse of shared respon in progressive era to give us lang to use today.
I blame you you you, you and that smile.
Holy #BB13 !!! it's actually kind of sad and pathetic how Rachel crumbles when she knows Brendon is leaving...wow #isthereaDRinthehouse ?
0oh.i got kicked off stage after 10mins of being on stage
RT : #Trayvon's mother at #millionhoodiemarch: "This is not abt a black and white, this is abt a right and wrong."
These refs are ruining this game.
People with food allergies live in fear of going out to eat or eating at a friends house. There are many types of food allergies, for...
no lol I miss ya
It's like trying to turn around on a one way street. I can't give you what I want, and it's killing me.
NEW FEATURE: Mean Sea Level Pressure (MSLP) is now included in all forecast features
Revisiting twitter to give it another go...
later alligator
Got to enjoy it for a couple hours here before the clouds took over.
create #app that improves #grocery shopping. improve efficiency, track frequent purchases, endless possibiltiies.
& there are people who i just hate....
-O love doll!Great pick!Ty for playing #TrendsTues!Please follow me for #celebritystyling&#fashiontips!xox
you are very honest. Lol
talking about #thewalkinggallery questions? #cocreate2012 is there a common theme in the jacket owners stories
Somebody come hug me :(
12 missed calls, 6 voice mails, 4 emails and a death threat. Not a bad weekend!
Your very welcome!!!!
Big thanks to our guests on The Shakedown tonight: Jerry Falzone, Anchorage Nebraska, & LastNote!
when my stepmom calls me her daughter<<<<<<<<<
My Moms Crazy I Love that chick
Thanks for posting!
Faith and a little patience for this heart of mine. Though I would stay here waiting for the end of time*
covering the NATO craziness this weekend?
How I got a B in history tho I'll never know, swear I didn't quote nothing on that last essay I just kept it 100 lol
#Thankstaking Fact: Its often said Indians didn't understand private property when they sold Manhattan. Proof: Indians were communists.
Then I Gotta Get Back, change, Grab my Bag and Hit the Train again to Brooklyn. Did I say, I Hate this weather. I need to get a Truck.
any way your dad can say "your passafired!" For your baby's first binky?
Clippers choking
thanks dude! I rewrote it before I posted it and I think it's alright.
You can't be scared to put your dick in a blender.
I love your tagline!
They judge without giving you a chance.
yeah! I'm glad. I totally felt you on that post.
haha the glowing eyes are fresh, but I gotta save up for those Air Yeezy 2s....
totally wrong about my twitter acct, confused it with G+
wtf when was this?!
ha ha! Yeah, then 1 night in the garage will let him know #scrapple is off limits... But I wouldn't leave him alone with any
Prosser's total went from 739,070 to 739,072! They found my and wife's votes in Milwaukee's 59th afterall! Every vote matters!
london. It's parliament I went on a mission trip there
congrats on $75 mil. some nice things happening in the lifecasting space, and plenty of innovative work coming from y'all.
We totally agree! We are so excited to have AHA in town.
Dear neighbors is it really necessary to have the lawn guys come at 7am.. I'm pretty sure the grass won't grow 10 feet by lunch time.
getting reckless
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
Yes, exactly. I'd love to chat online sometime. I'll send you my GChat info.
Hello boo, if you're there x
My, my, won't she be a silent hypocrite if she ever changes her mind & eats meat!
You're most welcome!
It's cool. We were gonna give you royalties, but my bleep button had to get your cut.
