Red Wing Red Ale will be brewed tomorrow... Spring is almost here!
You always my Dawg. Don't worry about it.
Good morning! :)
Thanks so much for the follow DC!
how did u do it?
Letterpress Tip: Hand-deliver slippery or small sheets with ease by attaching sandpaper to your finger with a rubber band. Tape works 2.
Aim low, reach your goals, and avoid disappointment. Scott Adams/Dilbert
It is not sufficient that I succeed - all others must fail.
know that!! Love u boo;)
“Assumptions are the termites of relationships.”
check out #barnesandnoble for some Barnes & Noble Classic NookBooks for free! I like the B&N brand because they are formatted better.
Best Western here I come! RT : I believe today is waffle day.
Im getting my penis tattooed with 'mack attack' but i'm worried it wont fit.
Breaking News: Gerald Laird survives vicious attack by first base
We're giving away 4 tickets to the Georgia Tech vs. Clemson game on Saturday, October 29th! Just like our page and this comment to enter!
I'm not gonna lie. I enjoy all the May the Fourth be with you stuff. I'm sharing my birthday with the Star Wars fandom :)
So who had fun at last night's Champions Reception? Use #ACG12 and tweet us your top moment from last night or send us a picture you took!
SFR's #BestofSantaFe Special Issue Part Deux publishes this Wed! Pick it up or read it online at sfreporter.com
Vleminckx is one of my favorite places in #Amsterdam. But what sauce did you choose?
That SOB #Binladen should be stuffed and hung at the Bush ranch in Crawford
Middle of the work week happy hour 3-7 today! Come on in, you deserve it! We're in the Grossmont Center in La Mesa.
Sounds awesome :) Keep it up!
Hell of a beer!
I'm looking for it and found Sociopath Next Door. Is that the one? Always wondered how they feel no remorse.
Amazing that racism still exist in America 2day. I never really figured it out either. Skin color just shouldnt matter that much.
Off to knoxville this week for the Indiegrrl conference & festival!!
exactly - and goaltending is dead!
you gave me goose bumps tonight! Great job! :)
I hope I can stay awake until #MadMen. The perfect excuse to get coffee. If not, there's always the DVR.
I have Ice cream, But I think I'm just gonna let it sit on my bed and melt..
justin should come out with detergent that smells like him so that we can wash our sheets with it and feel like hes with us everynight<3 ha
Two fails don't might it right 😔 “: I haven't seen Avengers. So just us 2. Lol!”
More motivation is all..
i have to fix my comment function then. So much spam!
When your gone ill still be Bloody... MARRY
I jus made a crazy hook to the beat i bought from Lex Luger. The producer that made tyga lap dance, jayz and kanye Go HAM and rick ross BMF
Iam worn out
I need to learn to drive , get a job, save money for a car, save money to get a place! Ahh! Too many things in life. But I can do it.
she can probably see this tweet as well
Student swapped the "n" in the title "dean" for a second d. Not cool.
hi tweetles. its been a while.
If I am Kung Fu Panda are you Master Shifu?
Enoying Monday off!
looking forward to interviewing you soon during my show's Entertainment segment and having you in Nashville, TN!
im pregnant with his kids...so
It's NOT your relationship, so get the hell out of it!
steak n shake >>
I see
Am I model material for the #NOH8CAMPAIGN ?!
Off to for the game!
yep that's the homie
Bronsonarroyo's place
Okay, let me sign off to go catch the BNSF Metras at Roosevelt/Canal. Will save loco #s and times seen to my phone. Later Twitterland.
I love kale yum yum yum
This weekend might be the death of me
...Indeed. Took it myself. He was being sweet and blocking the light from my eyes & it made a really cool silhouette :-)
Yes please! Count me in for sure!
Toddlers & Tiaras is the WORST tv show ever! Poor little girls :(
Lol... I hear my last RT to much
Now hw time ):
that is a great article
Patron when we can afford it
Tossing some Hollywood glitz and glitter your way. :)
"Never can say Good bye" HAPPY BIRTHDAY Michael Jackson!!!!
iCBallers... Building the dream one day at a time. Stay tuned for some pretty exciting updates for our company in the future!!!
Psyched about the summer!!! Georgia heat, incredible concerts, friends and fam, and #Braves baseball. Life is good.
It's
They should make a newer version of the movie "Spawn." That would be tight titties.
I don't trust these guys behind me
I had to re-read that 4 times
getting tired.....
this girl was annoyingg me really bad -_____-
Weren't the #Mets among the teams that squawked about the Braun decision? Wonder if the ump knew something in that regard?
they said late this year so I guess sometime in the fall
happy Monday :)))
Thank you for the tip on printing I will look into my options.
Saw "The Artist" with at the Academy tonight. Brilliant. Jean Dujardin is amazing and very dashing. See this movie.
A Northern fairy tale begins, "Once upon a time..." A Southern fairytale begins, "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit..."
Not gonn a lie...I think playing Zathura would be kinda fun o__O
: it's not just about access - it's about delivering the right content at the right time to each student.
MY arms hurt so much right now thanks to Shaun Johnson
House of the Vestals, A Gladiator Dies Only Once, and the new The Seven Wonders.
hahaha i miss being young
THAT is a fantastic idea. DK is missing a huge market here.
You know what happened the last two times you called out people on Twitter. One went into beastmode. The other told you to shut up
Drinking chocolate milk.... but im hungry not thirsty
Love this > could you define the 'good enough' point & STOP then?
RT : The amazing will be at the #mktgchat today (2pm ET). All about crafting a message that people can connect with.
Are you a lawyer who can't keep track of deadlines? Then, you really need this tool. Let us show you how to use it.
GJ calls in for his Bro in Haysus. Just like mommy did back in the day!
“: Oh. Unisex AXE. Now women can smell like douchebags, too.” AXE = Marijuana Smell destroyer ... X-}
AWESOME! Congrats. When will you be back in Madison? Let's get together.
O MY....i just hooked up my 37 inch monitor to my PC...so freakin cool.....
BAILEY LET ME LOVE YOU~~
sounds great! Keep spreading the news!
Super excited that Christmas is getting closer #i<3xmas
hope this is the day you follow me it would make me happy!!
A Walk to Remember will always be one of my favorite movies.
it's AWFUL
Only place to be @ surrendervegas
Hi Kyle, I typically follow whoever follows me. So if you 'follow' me then I'll receive the email to follow you back.
Melanie Kehoss talking about what drew her to experiment with the material graphene.
You are THE cutest.
Where are the great ones?
What to do when you have a super ridiculous professor......
they call me heat meiser
Oh, it's Wednesday alright. AKA Moe's Day - $6.50 burrito & chips!
Yes, you can submit directly to editors. If by "editors" you mean Amazon.
Cool article, thanx for sharing!
i swear..i was on the bus..i wanted to slap a hoe lol
I will have to pull my heart away is playing! Miss you
im never on twiiter ... had to stop thru today and see how is still active lol
You coming to check out the 9' Menorah Lighting tonight?
Might get my Six Flags pass this weekend
If you notice the ppl who love and dont try to spite each other are the people who receive the most blessings?
A can-am Spyder! MT #bachelorette- They brought the chopper way to early...need a new form of transportation on this show.
I need you to need me. RT : I want you to want me!
Sure thing!
and it's free too!
What was the last item that you purchased yourself?
The question was posed...what is success?
Bill Russell has more rings than the bobcats have wins
Thanks for the follow...right back at ya'
Best craigslist car listing so far: "Check enigne light comes on but goes off sometimes" and "Bumper not attached BUT I HAVE IT"
Watching HOBO WITH SHOTGUN! This movie is gruesome and hilarious!
what up?
There are two reasons for doing things-a very good reason and the real reason. ~ Anon
And when you're done listening to WORT, head over to the city-county building for the rally at 1:00.
On set all weekend - wrapping on the drama REACH & the dark comedy The Uninvited Guest! Then shooting in Atlantic City NEXT weekend!!
Just got named the new editor-in-chief at Florida Equine Publications (Florida Horse, Fla. TB Breeders and Owners Association)
words create lies, pain can be trusted
M ace pear cider!
Grandmother now listing prices of goods in the 50s - makes me cringe to think of my monthly grocery bills.
The overcoming a 21 pt deficit after 3 qtrs ties the NBA Playoff record set by the in the '02 ECFs
i miss those good times
CHIPTS | Center for HIV Identification, Prevention and Treatment ...
I LOVE Bailey's man.
Individuals, groups or business can arrange a visit to to see how we support our patients and families. Contact 01636 610 556
I love it!
what did dyer say about karma?
ok 4 sure
Silly, but sexy. Hehe ;P
Make no mistake: I went into librarianship for the big money.
I'm short ^_^
oh shit we got the raindrop!!!
ICONIC BOYZ OMG OMG OMG
- some can walk and chew gum at the same time... Ben can sing and tune a guitar at the same time... that's talent!
Yeah I got a series of notifications of everyone joining Highlight!
We are reviewing application #130171 - Eric Peterson.
Damn ill send u some money then!
WSU Cougars at UNLV football game moved to Friday, Sept. 14 so it can be nationally televised on ESPN.
I'm so into you, I don't know what I'm going to do.
I like that.
What's the news on #etech going away? I've heard that it is. Anyone know why?
I'm hungry! Working late, of course. Hope the kids I'm touring don't mind hearing my tummy rumble. Then meeting Krystal to plan our vacay!
gonna GO WASH my own clothes for the first time =/ hope i dont screw up
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her she has a great big vagina
I'm riding around and getting it!
So much of playing effective team defense is linked to what happens at the other end. -Phil Jackson
Yep! That's Elon's best program. Figured it would pay more.
I give it a 65% chance of happening.
SIL has done homeschooling 4 yrs successfully in another state. Local homeschooling group gives lots of support. Find 1 4 u.
I sign my own checks
That's it - we gotta get DW back over ASAP to talk some sense into these people!
aha sure!
Day #967 of the exile. NVG mods were spotted running security at the local Occupy camp, just to stay sharp.
Johnny is on fire right now! RT #noontimeworkout going FUCKIN HAM right now. With and
Rehearsing one of my favorite episodes on set! This one is called 'iStuck Everyone'! I can`t wait for the premiere! It will make you laugh!
LOL - No, that was in Winston-Salem, NC this morning. Burr!!
your eyes are super beautiful :)
Please check out the incredibly hot 's "Rock Show" video!
Miami tripping but we got a whole half left
wierd! o.O
Attending a meeting on the maintenance of ISO 3166 - Country codes in Berlin
Goodnight everyone :-)
i think it was the shotskis.... shots on skis...
heading out after a long conference call, sun is out, gym-time and thought-capsule-time....
Eat wash up in smoke the loud volume in head to the mall
Just had a great lunch with marketing genius ! Am now taking over the world :)
Good content should never go unnoticed :) RT : Thank you for RT
Something fell off a truck in front of us, and the bus ran over it! Luckily, no blown tires or anything. Scared the crap out of me though.
I'm telling you, she just needs to meet !! RT This just keeps getting weirder. Emily needs to get the eff outta there.
hearin alot about ya, ready to see you in a razorback jersey hoss. WPS
Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella -- tell em!
#ChuckNorris has a vacation home on the sun...
Happy Birthday to Val Kilmer today... I still love you.
wats ur num i can call u but only once
I see no signs of recipes
Your thesis can wait. As if it's conceivable you won't pass defense anyway? Take the time to make the right decision for PhD
wow well that's just too sweet. I wish I was that funny.
Someone's paying attention....sharing our articles before they've even hit inboxes :) Consider us impressed!
The amount of homophobic speech coming out of these GOP candidates mouths is truly terrifying. How is it the American people stand for this?
Ariana Is Beautiful ♡
get a blunt tatt'd there lol
Like our page on Facebook and find out more....
I'm obsessed with Bangarang -
doing well and doing good at the same time
Happy B-day Marlee Matlin! Mazel Tov! You will never be Trumped in my book!
4mi run in epicenter of american tobacco industry, now largely dismantled
Enjoy your weekend! Include us for your Saturday Brunch 11:30-4pm.
"Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong." How true, Ha! Morning, Voodoo
oh god minnesota would shit itself without the puck.
Little Man just said "Look at me, My hair it's weird. Like a weir-do!"
It is Power Ballad o'clock.
3 workouts today! Lets get this money!
I'd do anything just to see Justin smiling, seriously anything, even if i had to kill...
Hey Roc'n Deals Fans! Simply check in and tag your friends and you'll receive Roc'n Bucks! Ready, Set, Go!!
I greet people, give remarks, take photos, get business cards, and even make the band laugh. I'm a
.... And nobody told me?
Who tryna check out this song before I upload it to my youtube?
damn I hate my autocorrect I live on US
Yal would rather be "cool" and rather party then be successful
Today in Literary History: On May 9, 1860 J.M. Barrie (best known as the creator of Peter Pan) was born in Angus, Scotland.
we'll be updating the website very son ;) i'll keep you updated!
Text me💟
Happy march! 8 days until i'm in sunny Phoenix! Cannot come fast enough!
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams. I ain't reading off the script that they picked for me.
im so sad
shouldn't be spreading bad rumors Frank !!
New #Shindig followers are awesome, YOU ROCK! Thank you!
PLEASE TELL HARRY, LIAM, ZAYN, NIAL AND YOU TO FOLLOW ME THANX I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!:)
Could 7:49 Saturday honestly take any fucking longer to come? I want #kubball tip off now.
is partaking in some liquid relaxation.
n6 fats have been shown to cause inflammation, causing heart disease, while n3 fats have been shown to reverse this.
Love waffles. I've seen pics & they look really good. : "Hey you should have on the show soon."
I go 1 on 1 with Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta in a UFC special report tonight on FOX5 news at 10.
ATT has the worst customer service ever! It's a shame that they are the only ones with the Torch.
RT: RIP Melody......who's Melody?
My hands are peeling..?
Ugh. Can't we just have two hours of Martin Bashir instead of Ratigan?
Restaurant Gift Certificate -- I still haven't used it!
didn't Evelyn tell you to go to bed?
Public employee unions corrupt govt, just as FDR predicted. End public union contracts in Arizona.
you should see your face all the 937382648times I've scared you, I'm a pro, young grasshopper;)
You know it's St. Patrick's Day when you were invited to have jello shots for breakfast
Lunch Special! Homemade Potato Soup, 2 hot, soft, Bavarian Pretzel Sticks, and a side salad. Oh, and a bunch of big beers to wash it down.
and a bank that is "too big to fail"?
GAME OVER! Indiana Ties the series at 1 a piece!
Hey read ur story, I thought it was cute... I'm on the site too... my user name is JBPolkadottedgiraffe15 =) Follow back?
it's so hot!! thank god I'm not at school or work placement today! :)
wow Mexican independence day and the birth of a #legend thanks guys
coming over from #lrnchat I have high hopes for learning from "y'all"
I'm afraid those are cryptic crying-for-help messages. Poor Who knows what he's been going through
Good morning beautifuls!!!:D
im confused
Who Da Man? You da man!!! Yeah, Cory in 2016.
You know you want Kendall to feel up on Carlo's ass!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling.
Today was my 3rd anniversary of working at ! Tomorrow = celebratory chocolate bundt cake.
Here we go! Second Week of Blithe Spirit! Break a Leg guys!
Gorgeous picture! We see a few clouds near Qualcomm Stadium.
Hey #verizon why dont you ever offer deals to loyal customers of 10 years? Only brand new customers can get the best deals. thats crap
It might be Oulipo email time. : you in?
Twitter fans: If you could get a FREE happy hour item just by replying to this post, what would it be?
Improbable as it seems, the 5 publicly traded hospital groups with market caps above $1B had a good first quarter; stock gains across sector
How I Feel, Sober, Alanis/KOL mashup, Ready--please & thank you! :D
MARTY SAYS NO!! O_O
Deja Vu Come in to hang with the hottest girls and smoke the best new hookahs flavors!! Free Limo rides! $75 bottles of Vodka!!!!
You're welcome & thank you! XX
I need a job but I need to volunteer more.
Lupe - Out Of My Head (Feat. Trey Songz)
AMERICAN IDOL FINALIST Colton Dixon will be at this weekends White House Correspondents Dinner
NRA Convention this week: signing books, singing the National Anthem, and performing at various sanctioned events... I love my job!
Words can't describe how turned on I am right now.
So the clips are going to make this a game, the series narrative demands it.
be looking for my new mixtape
Now that would be interesting :-). Dracula and my band just chillin at a concert... Watch your necks though!!
Breaking: twitter love in the air betwixt Reps. Greiling and Garofalo. Very nice.
Read more of #TenthGradeBleeds and I'm loving this series!!! I feel really proud of myself for reading today ^_^
consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your venue This tour available at iTunes. Contact us:
Lol my dad got in my truck and he goes "why does it smell like marijuana?" idk padre. Couldn't tell ya
hm u dont remember me
A reminder that the Schmooza Palooza is June 22 at Conseco Fieldhouse. We're excited to be there next week. Who's going?
st party's warm up... Get here
Don't be afraid to be original
Shout out to my homeboy Andre Berto.He just walked in the ring Jaming to one of my favorite songs "Turn My swag On" by Soldier Boy
enjoyin miami weather!
yikes.....I've never had tdsskiller not launch.
Tonight! : Roy Loney and the Longshots w/Young Fresh Fellows and The Mighty Squirrels and Slims Last Chance: NW Rivals
"My job at the robot assassin factory is really stressing me out."
Hey Lindsay. I don't have a badge so I couldn't get in. can you get into Bing event with just a badge?
Ofrenda was amazing! Hats off to Henrik!
I hear his battle with Wolverine was pretty epic.
is there a service where you can find someone with the exact same foot size as you to do your shoe shopping ?
deep CF fly out for Walker. #Pirates need some wind
I hate when in a Rick and hard spot lmao
life is like a hike. difficult to get to the top, but when you make it the view is so worth it:-)
There's nothing left, I used to cry, Inspiration has run dry, That's what's going on, Nothing's fine, I'm Torn.
Don't call me bro through the intercom, cunt face
I think you're on to something with the extra top coat—the cheap ones tend to chip, but that would probably help! Thanks!
The fact that i paid full price for that book when it came out....grrrr
yea. Shes changing her sleeping schedule so that's good.
I can care less on what Bill Nojay thinks about anything!!!
“1/3rd of your pillow's weight comes from dead skin cells, bugs, dead dust mites and their droppings." Yay I live cuddling w/ those things!
Just had tests done and (yuk) blood drawn...so I won't know for a bit. Thank you for asking!
(I will watch them when me and basketball are back from our break.)
"fund what is UNcomfortable!"
did we win scrimage?
haha bad team bad product. Good call.
Collaborator. RT Watching "Waterworld" this morning is making me realize my life is painfully devoid of improvised ziplines.
Pointless they only concern is themselves
Enjoying #AllStarWeekend with like rock stars
♬ Later this year will be posting competions for Album Design & Songwriting among a few, With some great prizes ♬
Come to Miami!
2012 48 Hour Film Project is Aug 3! We can't wait!
I wanna go see the Avengers ! Scarlett Johanson is so pretty
Heading out to the Roosevelt for a meeting. Can't wait to see if my vision fits into this space.
Multiple projects. Multiple opportunities. Not the old days, but....
Idc how you get your money, just long as you getting it than you good.. We all survive in different ways..
Today Wasn't My Day :/
Are we an accident in time, or part of the grand design?
NBC Sports Network to televise ALL USA games at the IIHF Men's World Championships from May 4-20. Former Pios Stastny & Butler on USA.
Watching computer reboot. Have been watching. For half an hour :(
All is well in my world tonight. I leave you with love & hopefullness.GN
Our Hydration Specialists will be at Rolling Hills Spectrum handing out ZICO samples 8:30-10:30am. Get some for your workout!
I accidentally slept for 7 hours. Apparently my cat slept with me the whole time c:
Just saw that and thought the same thing! Hahaha....
Would love to tell you more about Nextdoor. If you are interested please email . Have a great night!
I watched your video. Are you trying to become a successful singer/musician? Maybe I can help. Let me know!
MILE HIGH CITY STAND UP (:
is smoking on the dance floor!!!! Wow!
America's dependence on fossil fuels
Deep Song by is a fantastic album, it just is, deal with it.
My momma love them damn old movies man.... we jus watched Stella Dallas back to front
At least to the level we have taken it. iPhone's made in china for an even higher profit line to an already great 1
i only eat them with milk tho
The bus coming from Ballard smells like the ocean! (^w^)
Thanks for the follow! Am happy to
Tried Out For Talent Show And The Audition lady Said We Killed It!:D
yes my cuzo is the beat using his gift from God sinxe we was little at grandad house keepin all that noise in da basement
honestly we were so ridiculous i really dont know i have like 6 more and theyre all hideous and picniked i h8 us
Got to luv ya ♥
Much appreciated and provides very useful information, for my followers definately someone to follow!
#20topfavouritesongsever Mariah Carey/Bone Thugs - Breakdown
Jets could. RT : do you think anyone will jump to 3 and draft trich leaving the browns once again with short end of the stick?
I'm with you - a few well-chosen items do it for me. :)
secondary is the best, trust and believe.Middle school and elementary might seem easier uo until you hit the real life classroom
I can't wait to see it!!!will it be another music video??
hey Damon! how was your day today??
I was the one who let the dogs out. And I'm proud of it, dang it!
some dude at taco bell was trying to offer us a free, brand new home theater system, and my dad said "no thanks i'm Buddhist."
wanting to tell someone how you feel, but being afraid of it all just falling apart, and becoming a disaster
Goodnight Jordan
Touchdown Pittsburgh
Oh shit im done
check out our spotify channel man
lol I didn't ditch y'all ! Lol you didn't even go with them either that night lol && whatca drawing !!?
-it feels so god outside.<3
we use a cloud platform to address this problem; our approach preserves the original app format on mobile devices
Only 2 hrs. left! RT We're giving away two tickets to all day for new members! DM us for details.
up down up down lft rt lft rt a b a b start. Get some
Hit No. 3,142 for Jeter passes Tony Gywnn and ties him with Robin Yount for 16th on the All-Time list.
Is there anything more meditative than painting miniatures? The answer is no.
As a native of Western NY, I have to say: yes, the wings. But Beef on Weck is not to be missed.
Let me know if you want to know anything else! Or contact , Queen of All Things
I heard abiden and Clinton could switch places in case Farrakhan crazy azz right re assazz
Philly philly philly here I come
AV club in full effect at
Of course it exists: the term "swingles."
I definitely like Comerica Park, have a sister and brother-in-law who live there-that made trip good & the casinos LOL
Got a lot to do to get this twitter going...need some followers...FOLLOW ME BITCHES!!!!
ILY please follow me:D x
Get some pictures, Ward. I don't believe you.
#Chulavista city hall looking pretty empty as employees readying for holiday closure from Dec. 26-Jan. 2.
HELL YEAH!!!!
great. Orlando Public Library is getting a 3D printer. we were just getting caught up with eBooks and now this.
By now I've gotten like 3 letters from interested colleges..and they're all in New York. Okay I don't know who gave them the memo..but YES.
Unto you I pray mighty Negus safe us and protected us my lord an majesty heart a luv mi frens on the sabbath morning!!!
Was gonna go for a run..but no I had to do homework instead.
has a free show at the Intercontinental Hotel tonight, music starts around 10:30...gonna be a great night!
I can tell you the non-3d version was awesome.
I don't know man, I'm just glad is back <3
HA HA
"A day without sunshine is like..." -eh night? ;)
you're awesome!! can't wait!
Apparently our first chuggers thought it was a sipping contest. Show us what you got.
Don't be afraid of saying no to the "wrong" renter - why risk your good tenants?
Your my best friend my baby there is no doubts or maybe. you give me butterflies you make me feel like i can fly
My cuz hasnt done anything but x BOX 360 fo three days
My mello has officially been harshed.
Office A/C fixed this AM... humbled by the support from our neighbors bringing fans and offering spare offices... good people in
niqqa u don't smoke
Happy Birthday!!!
Riley Reiff #Lions. Last year, it was Nick Fairley sliding at d-line. This year, they get Matt Stafford a needed young protector.
hype ass.. Take yo goof ass on lol
Our Family > Lol... Text boo boo... I need to tell you something ;)
have you seen our adorable hand painted slobber snaks biscuit jars?? go to www.slobbersnaks.com (gear) and orders your today!!!
Thanks for the follow back yummy hottie. Love a dirty boy.
I hear y'all. Life's a bitch.
Report: Competition cuts down Medicare fraud
thank you for joining us again! That was a blast!
We will be closed for the holiday and reopen for business on Monday morning. We hope you all have a great Thanksgiving!
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother Your role model is Yaris Sanchez.
It's been five days since the last time I was at my apartment. Two more then I'm back in good old Burbank.
The best highs come from your worst lows
that's better than Boyz II Men - End of the Road... "...It's unaturaaaal..."
Terrence Is Too Sexy I Would Marry In A Second !
“: much love and respect can't wait until you and finish the new record”<< Yes, it's going to be a HEATER;)
better not be no bitch !!!!!!!
your a lucky man DC! Big fan of yours here in Chicago for over 20yrs. Cant wait for the new album.
i just just got $3.52 for buying a peoplestringcar magent on Vista Print
no more soap?!! Sweet, so that's her name then....Nina?
Belmonte has the best waffle house on the planet
ha! Something happened with the display :(
Seriously, police motorcycle escort from the airport is cool. If the other drivers only knew we are nobodies. I know I'd be pissed.
good for you!!!!
Just watching Keeping up with the Kardashians!
Just spent the entire day biking around Copenhagen with Mom and her boyfriend making stops for beer, food and sight seeing :)
Had A Great Day ! , I Hope You All Did Also ! <3
We're looking forward to the winners announcement in November!
Travie McCoy is in love with cheyenne
Catching up on American Idol...DVR'ed it. Don't know if I'm feeling Aaron Neville Jr...
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there!!
Me too!
you should really visit Kansas city one day...the people here r pretty amazing :D lol follow??
:) i guess not
Go to sleep lol
Alternative rock band in NYC seeks Bass Player! Send your info to
Quick Reminder now offering discounted room rates & show tickets to see Celine Dion. @ Caesar's Palace in Vegas Ticket prices from $55.00
oh nice! you are going to USD next year? you should come to my gig tonight in downtown Denver at Summit Music Hall.
Dear tea party folks: a photo Pres Obama's face on a chimp's body is racist, in case you didn't know.
you beez in the homework boo ♥
You're welcome :)
there is, stupid
but really, where is paul rudd and why haven't seen him yet? time to work the social seen yinzer-style for results.
Why do models always look pissed off in casting waiting rooms? And why is everyone so quiet?!
Our cousin turned 15 in october&all she wanted was a follow back on our shared account (this one)&she still never got it :(
proud to have you as a CAF athlete and excited to support you & your athletic goals
"Ladies & gentlemen please dont panic. But scream. SCREAM FOR YOUR LIVES ARE IN DANGER!!"
RT : Take action when the idea is hot & the emotions are strong. Set up the disciplines asap or the intention grows cold.
LASER HAIR REMOVAL FOR WOMEN: Full Legs only $140 Pay $80 for Lower Legs and get Bikini 50% Pay $40 for Half Arms and get Under Arms 50%
I'd better be on the list.
MDC spring graduation ❤
We r in the thick of things . It is bad. Eyes barely open but still making maps.
I think I'm in love(: he's cute, he's funny and he likes 1D! :)<33
DC, Philly, NYC, Jacksonville and back. A traffic jam and worry washed away by 3 great launches with wonderful partners of MyFreeTaxes.com.
*watches do the vagina vogue*
So weird when a guy walks into the bathroom and it sounds like he is on a conference call while taking a pee.
"yo teeth so yellow, when the sun look down on you he be like 'that's my boy!' " rotfl Georgia killed her
nigga, the game ia actually good.
i just hope they're serving beer in hell
Is #LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans?
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcom S. Forbes
Today in the office are doughnuts, chocolate cherry cheesecake bars and pizza. I am enjoying (OK, not so much) peanuts in the shell
Sitting by the water, writing music #SpringsHere !
Happy National High Five Day! I haven't been this excited about a holiday since National Polite Head Nod Day.
for real and it's only 15 dollars bitch
Pounds Of Tattoo supplies For Sale.
Not sure what to do today, waiting til Wednesday to get #Mockingjay in the mail...guess I'll read The Rum Diary!
Seriously? Also, why are they only $8? If you can go to a great live music show for less than a movie... insane.
I love my God-kids to death. But I have a serious migraine after chasing behind them yesterday... #RethinkingKids :-/
Who will win the #MLSCup? Who do you want to win?
Thanks!! Enjoy the tournament - great day to play!
well, you were rude to that broke girl. but the other girl didnt need to step in
Working a 14 hour day with talented people is not just fun but easy.
follow me so I can reply to ur messege because twitter wont let me
And they are so
When people vent & put all their trust in you >
Just built a house on idgaf avenue.
Tmi-ish but I LOVE my new boy brief underwear. Super fucking cute/flattering and comfortable. :) And with that, good night.
Pan Ass Maniak Put Me At The Table, Shit Was Starting To Get Wierd
On tour tomorrow . Any friends in Miami?
I let someone borrow one of my signed CDs and he lost it! He has no idea how bad he messed up. I'm so pissed!!!
#SDSU #Aztecs Basketball move up to #12 in coaches Poll! Waiting on AP.
Pardon me, but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a f*ck. I like that line !! loll
omg! You have 11 followers!!! :) haha
I see the coveted George W. Bush endorsement has arrived.
that was a beautiful animation! and it was so nice to get to talk to you and learn more about your projects :)
All these interviewers are saying Justin is all mature and I'm like, no he's not. LOL.
mayybee! we'll see =] legitimately not sure yet. and we'll be in Jacksonville april 13!
Sad to say; the rain has cancelled this morning's 7 Mile Bridge Run via
Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Scavenger Hunt Party Game.Enjoyable Parties Guaranteed With Downloadable Ebook(r) Packed Full Of
ya know when people tweet that stuff I'm always worry that I might just be dead inside. Luckily I LoLed.
YOU TWEETED!!!
En route to meet with about a #documentary he's making.
broke my heart.. smashed that shit into little peices.. probably already on to your next one huh..
Thank you! Always appreciate your support :)
Blunts>the world
dont get a lot of good baseball talk anymore. Appreciate the response. Take care
Follow because he's real
HEADING DOWNTOWN TO VISIT MY NEW SCHOOL.....
The finest..
I was just gonna show up to your house even if you couldn't ..
#ndsamtg Day one was great -- terrific insights and input from all. Very constructive review of work and focus on future efforts
geez, another one?!??!
YEA I HEARD
OMG HAHAHhaha I QORRY ABOUT HIM.
working on a project for custom lapel pins. Theme:
attention anyone in miami? does anyone want to do anything? I'm bored as hell
Life is short but a smile takes barely a second.
fallin' asleep to justin's beautiful voice;-) #TurnToYou <3
Thanks, Ressa. See ya.
Flying home to L.A. today. Ready to get back in the mix and book some jobs!
Re Saints vs. Pats punishment sounds like Saints are paying for lying and hiding, opposite of what NFL said Pats did?
U dont have to be thin to be beautiful or attractive. Being urself and haveing confidence is all u really need
lmbo! Why the straight face?
good morning how is youre day going so far
Saturday 1:15-4:15 Shoulder and Heart openers workshop, Yoga Tree Castro. The heart of your heart, lets meet there...
The #Aztecs are starting to build a nice lead 57-46 with 6 mins remaining!
yeah I think they did. I will follow up
I bought it but there appears to be a link going around.
Sipping a Vitamin G while awaiting my Shamrock Special to go. It's larrapIn'!
I love mine. Warning though. Every other monitor will feel tiny from now on.
Q Cafe is now open! Don't forget to stop by this morning and grab some coffee and a vegan-friendly pastry!
did laundry, now I cant afford to see the avengers anymore
very cool
": tell ur followers t tweet me fan questinsss" (Anyone have any questions for me tomorrow?) Ask
Hoping to start this MLB season off right with a Cardinals win and losses by the Cubs and Braves. 1 down 2 more to go...
exactly, i have spanish, it freaking sucks bawls.
Agreed, we have needed stronger leaders for a long time. Truth, Integrity very important
nah I'm trying to get nasty shredded
Demi Is A True Beauty She's Such An Inspiration<3
And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.
RT i have the randomest followers #ohhwell s/o to
I concur! And people do get motion sickness, so Seamus' dia isn't terribly surprising. RT :
Anthropology 1010 – Signature Assignment | Carl Smith – E-Portfolio
Hey students, has a project for a freelance graphic designer. Payment in American food, drink and maybe some cash.
Your the best man ;)
Didn't get a chance to see my mans go off to prom but ill catch him today
3 days till and #outbreaktour :D
Huge fan of your work! Your birds were inspiration for my logo.
don't you love how the queen of rap always do her thing and keep up the good work!!
The countdown is on to Europe 5!!! Will you be there?
Thanks for coming to play on #BigTimeRushSeason3. Hope you had fun!
Although I loved both my Land Rovers, dealing with LR Capital Group has made me second guess another--they don't care about the customer!
I cant go to sleep.....this sucks:(
I really needed this, but now I'm so bored. D:
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: P.J. Clarke's - Streeterville - Pub (live updates)
Twitter obviously knows nothing about me, if they want me to follow a sports team...
Regurgitating the lines fed 2 u isn't talking sense either. Your statement here is proof of that.
I will be one of the Zombies infecting the OCCUPY group of NYC today in Bryant PArk!! I will post pics!!
We're broken down across the street from an old auto shop.
turns out, I do follow - but thanks for the heads up!! We'd love to feature it on - let us know.
my 501st tweet goes out to because idk what I'd do without her
love the muppets
ONE ACCORD (Jn 15:4) Abide in Me and I in you! We can produce nothing alone; we need God if it is to have any LASTING VALUE amen. #Sir Court
All the nannies out there: What is your favorite part of the job? We wanna know!
Stay up late? Then you should join us for great Nite Owl specials after 10 pm. Wine & beer specials, discounted apps, 2-4-1 rail drinks.
But More is always said than Done
-*g o o d n i g h t fam:) bout to txt baby daddy/boyfriend until ii fall asleep:)
did both of you guys ever like the same girl? Lol
I Want 2 Follow My Dreams Nd Be A Singer!
Heading to the New blog party with
House of the Dead 4 is coming to PS3!? I NEED A PLAYSTATION MOVE NOW!
U went out with a bang on the #BGC much love
didn't realize you were in MN full time.
- Hey have another Bay Area event. Will tap you. DM me your phone
Follow Me :)
When are you coming to Chicago?
account may be hacked. Happens monthly! Will change password again. Thanks for heads up.
morning..rise and grind...follow me on twitter :)
#571 me; madison sabrinaa; T-Money (:
best week of the year: Cats win title, Reds season opener, and Masters weekend. Wow
i love rock the boat
If (operative word) the airlines had a clue, you wouldn't have to!
RT : Agree: We need to make education more about learning. Disagree: its about the tools. #intelvisionaries. TRUTH
HI there, Trying to get the hang of this tweeting!
I think i might go to miami next month i really can use a vacation
I a buy my little brother this really nice jacket he wants from Pacsun, he gets it in the mail yesterday, someone at school stole it tod ...
now I'm seeing on TV a poor cat fell 4 floors and was impaled poor thing!
Working on not cussing, so I have been using biscuit as the variable. I don't give a flying biscuit
Bill "The Big Unit" Michaels and the Chevy Sonic
At urgent care with my 5yo because adding a fever to our "to do" list was exactly what we needed.
Shut up and kiss me, don't need to tease me, you don't need to say no more.
Don't wake up one day wishing you'd tried.
No YOU are so sweet! Always great seeing you on our way in & out! :) See you tomorrow!
thank you for a great morning laugh from a follower in the States!
Icy morning in Milwaukee! Hope we all got to work safely!
2 Tix for tonight Celtics game For sale. Lodge corner 8 row 26 seats 10,11. Hit me up if interested.
what happens on the bus or with the bus stays on the bus.
enjoyed a fun panel, happy to connect w great people:
Congrats to #UArts 2012 Silver Star Alumni nyc downtown dancer Hilary Clark '98 and design guru '70 see u !
LOVE THIS. especially the create your own instrument! How fun!!
There are so many delicious Christmas foods & desserts to choose from, its no wonder the average American eats 17 pounds of turkey a year!
Thanks for the #FF!
He may be tasked to identify bugs in the game so that the developers can fix them
For real. I had a few high school moments tonight. RT : Ah the ataris!!! So good. I want it to be summer of '05 again!
Running off 450 Midterms. Yay, not really.
" yo, skipping the bucks, bulls, & jazz can yall dm me three games you could attend this season? If so asap plz
#Khedira was everywhere tonight. For me, he was the man of the match... Real Madrid back four as a unit not far behind.
Thursday Tweetcast: Sunny, lower humidity...highs in the upper 70s. Rain risk returns Sat/Sun - details on WSFA-TV from now thru 7am
dear neighbor, I am sorry that I laugh so obnoxiously loud.
This is the official Twitter for the Pittsburgh, PA based band Le Cachot. Add us if you wish to follow our happenings.
You're so sweet! I'm glad we made it into your top four. <3
I don't really care if you don't like me
That feeling you want someone, but they'll never want you again.
That's what you have tumblr/twitter for! RT See, I can't fangirl on Facebook cause like 60% of my friends are family so.
Imma get u a jersey dat fits for next season
#SuperBowl When in doubt do a Ferris Bueller commercial.
#WordOfMouth Referrals are the BEST! We appreciate each and every one of them!
I don't listen to people Wen I'm texting LOL:)
FML, I can't find a way to download music and it's pissing me off!!!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! SHES A #DIRECTIONER #ICONIAC #GRANDER AND #MAHOMIE ! SHE DANCES TO (: FOLLOW HER !!.
We can handle more categories than choices.
I think the three day hangover has finally ended. Plans for another are being hatched as we speak.
says 10% of marketing budgets, time should be spent on measurement
I'm sure it will too! I hope that it doesn't storm too bad tomorrow! Jakes car will leak on me!
we will see what the committee thinks
btw, you're twitter picture is hilarious haha #classic Meter in 50 years
Vote graham . #votegrahamgbt the power of directioners yes
no more ice cream for you! go sit back down in your seat!!
Miss you!!
I could help you with that. (Seriously, though: glad you're okay!)
haha exactly. Cotto ain't looking too bad though
Poised Creation network is on a growth spurt.
Fuck it. I'll take care of my own damn self :'(
agreed. Subject dropped.
Who needs to get their hair did? This guy.
If it's majority college students using spaces like Twitter, are we disseminating knowledge to ppl who might have access to the info anyway?
I think this may be the only context ever in which I might like this UI. Undecided, but find it appropriate to coll.
It was obvious!!!<3
We’re moving Twitter accounts in order to better server you! So please join us at for the latest Derby Festival info!
is sexy yummy
Oh my INGE.
The #RomperRoom is not fun today!!! LAME
How do you make those pictures?(:
I no longer prevent myself from receiving, because I now am aware of the judgements I've made about myself and my career. I release it all.
jim talk to me about ur Uggs slippers. Worth it?
who been following me
I'm so hungry right now, I can eat a horse, a pig, a cow, all in one setting; but I'll have to settle for this prune right now. yay
Top 5 shows?
well come on down!!!
Obama looked strong tonight, if not fed up. Liked the tone.
If You Wanna Co-Own You Must Use This Account And tweet Sometimes ... If Your Interested DM Me (: -Ally
Only 5 minutes south of the stadium, we were voted the most peaceful park benches in
Night tweet world. Gonna fall asleep to some Seinfeld.
bellydancing is cool...) (
yea I agree but too happy to not include everyone
Beautiful weather today!!
If you're a man 25-35 + and you're still playing games you need to be ashamed of yourself. Get it together and grow up.
Thanks #Austin and #SXSW for a great festival! Although I think a cleanse is in order. See you in 2013?
PL accuses health ministry of &#39;swimming in lies&#39;
So? He's still dead & can't defend himself. All Zimmerman got was a bloody nose. Martin was fighting 4 his life, 4 God's sakes!
I doubt it. All Mauldins rule!!!
thanks so much!! :)
it's alright, the capital itself is horrible! Don't take the states for granted!
If each day is a gift, can somebody please tell me where to return Monday.
A running toilet can waste a lot of water. Replace your toilet’s flappers (water control diaphragms) & fill valves every few years.
We've been hittin the studio hard for the last couple of weeks!!! GAME DAY IS ALMOST HERE!! The NY Rebels & Lady Rebels are getting ready!!
Oh man am I loving Charlottesville 88.5 24-hour NPR talk. Never again shall I suffer through boring jazz while waiting for Fresh Air.
Can't wait to these folks leave so I can just chill in my boxers.
you should make a trip down here...Cheryl did :)
ah I cant wait to hear the new songs :D
When creating content to build community keep in mind that if u don't think your content is cool either will they
A mother from Northamptonshire has met a paramedic to thank him for saving her week-old baby daughter's life.
A Peek into the Black Friday Mobile Crystal Ball Last year on Black Friday 5.6% of consumers visited a retailer ’s website via their mo
you must be a model
idk my sister ordered it for me. It was like some strawberry minty thing. Everyone knows how I love me my mint. 🍃
Was McGhee just whistled for tickling?
It sucks seeing 2 people who were so close, become so far apart after they break up
His YouTube channels Yoitsmau. (:
Money N My Pocet N A Couple Albums Droppn*
think I finally figured out how to hook Twitter up to Facebook. I am technologically challenged
small news coming in a very long time. <3
CHI-TOWN stand up!!! The best city in the World!
last year I gave my sister in law one of the #punkybrewster seasons on dvd. She was so happy she cried.
The strap from my shirt just popped in class 😰
Do not feel obligated that you have to add your "2 cents" unless what you have to say is worth more than that!
done. You are welcome.
Writing about a subject deeply personal as a journalist is probably the hardest thing for me. I want to rant and cry and yell all at once.
Another hard day at the office working on this #HTSSS12 x design ft. w
Aw. Sleep on the way there. Take a pillow. Good advice? No lol
RT : I'm glad God allowed me to wake up today! >>>
WE OPEN TOMORROW!!!! come visit us for lunch!!!!
My birthdays today!!!(((:
Watching a Bigfoot show. I think I may have seen 1 in Lewis County, Ky. Or could've been my dad's wife mowing their yard.
#jerrysnsx Am I still getting paid?
No worries, just thought I'd ask. Love to see the show!
Just WOW...RT 5 people charged after Chinese teen sells kidney to buy an iPhone and iPad - Xinhua via
late night phone conversations((:
I'll retweet it for you. Hope it helps!
why? What's wrong?
Had the biggest audition by far in my career yesterday, and knocked it out the park! Can't say much but more info to come, A major motin pic
is painting a great picture of how branding could work for
There will deff not be a third time!
Its going to be Great! RT: So excited to see Nina Sky perform this Sunday night at Revolution!!
We're having a meeting Jan 31 5:30 PM to introduce the next producer/curator of !!! Be a part of the tribe & join us!
#BCS title game prediction: Brent Musberger bets the over.
Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wallet - Sun-Sentinel (blog) Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wa
Dropped my phone for the first time and the battery dropped 50%...
Agreed...Ellen is classy and cool!
Winter #luxury. Fresh raspberries. Yum.
Drinking too much 2nite? 1-800-A-HELP from 6p-6a A will get u and ur car home for FREE. Be smart, safe and save lives. RT please!
In those shoes you were wearing I would have paid to see you drunk :P
Ok so - G Road 15s in Big shots champ 16s in Silver champ game and 17s in adidas VIP Semis!
Aww, thank you! : We love our friends at ! RSW hoodies should be available after next week!
PAUL. i thought he was adoreable for jess.. but clearly there is some "tension" between jess and nick. DON'T YOU SEE IT(:
At the Met watching the Opera La Traviata and the drama that is the old people fighting with each other right in front of me.
Interesting choice of preposition RT : Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum conclude their man on man meeting.
RT : Event Reminders 3/5 in NY, Minneapolis, St. Louis, Seattle, Tucson AZ, Boston, Washington-Baltimore, & Sacremento, CA....
Good morning everyone, Its another great day to be alive, breath the fresh Colordao air and be thankful for what we enjoy here.
According to some of our staff, the top 3 eats in the Big Easy are Brennan's, Bon Ton Cafe, & Cafe Du Monde. What are your faves?
WOULD love to see Crawford here
Barrera only wants committee to consider closing schools where kids would get a better education at another school
Just learned I am headed to Bangkok for an industry conference in mid-November. Exciting times!
If I heard him correctly, just said they're going to drive the #shuttle around DC 2morrow & take pics of it in front of monuments
Just a reminder: we have frozen yogurt flavors that include gluten-free, no-fat, low-fat, no-sugar and low-sugar options. Try us and see!
Luciano De Crescenzo~ We are each of us angels with only one wing and we can only fly by embracing one another.
thanks for sharing! We hope you are learning great action items from the book.
This is shitty
Some might say with your beard, YOU look a lot like Daniel Faraday.
I feel like the one handed man kicked my ass!!“: Yes it...
#youknowyourhighwhen you feel like your from that 70's show.
what is kissing? think about it.
": Has kobe ever been sweep in the playoffs" Last year Mavs embarrassed Kobe n Lakers so bad, Phil Jackson had to retire Sweep!
cause u said the challenge thingy u would wanna try ;)
LOVE chia seeds. I soak them in water and blend them in a green monster smoothie.
A mere 12 hours and change.
The semester for me and year have both been a tremendous journey. Struggle but success also. You are almost done. When times
Lesson of the Day: Antebellum Boston loved their ventriloquists.
I just watch your latest video on worldstarhiphop I'm really feelin' the video but more with the song
omg I'm seeing my babies on friday
Fab Design Tip: Keep an inspiration binder of your favorite decorating ideas.
love and miss you kat :)
“: Farcate (noun) State of over eating”
Celebs do festival chic
Find a little wiggle room - Bangkok Post
Jennifer Hudson wore it better
that shouldnt stop anybody lol, do you have last lunch?
"if I am louder will you see me,will you lay down in my arms & rescue me cause we are the same u save me When you leave it's gone again"
Doing good how about you
Seriously, a possible movie offer ? Fingers crossed. If they can make What to Expect While Expecting a film, they can do it
Hatley Branch Library Senior Pot Luck, Tuesday, Jan 3rd 12-3pm. Bring a dish to pass. Bingo and cards. Free blood pressure screening.
i'm not even hungry, i'm just eating because i'm bored.
same here my problem is i really like this girl i work with she is married and she is going back home to colombia and nothing
well it's done already handy copying
you're loser
Happy Birthday!!!
If I could make a living out of loving you I'd be a millionaire in a week or two
Such would make citation easier, free people from expensive proprietary software, and, I think, contribute to preservation.
We done!!! RT : if I was I wouldn't tell u anyway
We can call you on her house phone!
..."as if they were yours, Daddy."
FBCD BIG BIDS!!!
": Dame my followers are Beautiful :-)"
"You're a talented writer. Why don't you do more with it," he questioned me. I smiled and shrugged.
Ok, it 6:17pm and you just turned the online stream on.
We’ll tweet five #SunbeltTT questions today. Each correct answer with the hashtag earns you another entry to win a box of cereal!
Its thursday so make ur way over to 2nite... video mixin all nite! Ladies get in free all nite...
It's our proud boast that our CD & Record has over 250,000 rare items in stock.
do you think they will stay at # 11?
thanks for the plug Jonny!
No matter how many naps I take during the day, I'm always ready for bed when nighttime comes.
Major Melvin Russell was our speaker today. What an inspiration! We hope you will join us sometime too.
true enough indeed.
Laughing at the enthusiastic Z-Bo fan after the And-1. The Internet need him.
I predicted Octavia Spencer will win the SAGS and she did! Totally love and admire her
goodmorning everyone! muah!! come check me out at topnotchescorts.net and also alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Had a huge crowd at our Ambassador info session last night. Missed it? Join us tonight 6:30-7:30 in Butler Boardroom.
Rebel America Inc. lands placement for Photography Web-Ad Series. Congrats to Songwriter Alicia Pavlis and thanks to Jim R. on the assist.
Iria a lo del domingo solo por lo de Mcklopedia.
And maybe a silent night remix?! Haha
It's officially May: Green Thumbs Up month...and the gardens were watered for free today!
Web site authority discussion related to recent, naive Museum News article "Let Us Now Praise Museum Authority"
Always have traveled internationally with Verizon and had excellent service on three continents.
haha love you!
How can anyone think can fix our economy when he thinks encouraging education beyond HS makes a snob?
“: you going to the match today?” yes, are you?” no supposed to go to Stl for Easter. have beers for me!
Glad you enjoyed your Museum trip!!
We've got some exciting news coming this week!!!!
okaay . good job !
I'm excitedly awaiting the Death Scroll. A twisted display of posthumous popularity. I love it.
Heading to my pierogie making class with apron and rolling pin in hand! This should be fun!
The food & drug industry, politicians, and medical professions have a strong interest in making money and not in protecting our health.
More police and media than protesters at
I'm following your girl. :)
WHAT! #mindblown RT : "Bye-O" RT What is the correct pronounciation of your last name? I've $10bet on this.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men. ~ Mae West ~
Please FOLLOW ME I REALLY REALLY WANT TO GET TO KNOW YOU AS A REAL PERSON NOT THAT BIG HUGE STAR! I KNOW THAT UR A REGULAR KID
I must admit I've never tried that lol... Kinky
Forget what you heard. The key to your success is mastery of your mind!
Let's take an actual ride through a Rep. Brain.
Hi, Thank you for the follow. I love your Sangiovese and Syrah wine. Both are delicious -- and made in San Diego!
Just had the WORST customer service I've ever experienced calling about my #Uverse bill. I'd like to talk to a manager.
Home today -- vacation day!! On the agenda -- organizing, organizing, organizing!! cleaning, cleaning, cleaning! Oh and coffee!!
This NC amendment thing has me depressed. Gonna go watch a movie and try to forget how many people think I don't deserve equal rights.
fasho fam, you know i always got something up my sleeve... things are going well though, whats good on ya end?
As my great-grandma used to say: "You know what they say--the first hundred years are the hardest." Died at 101.
Have a Good Night! Sleep with the Angels.....I Love You!
RT'S MAKING EARTHQUAKE'S WHY??
and the tech req'd to make a good video recording is cheap (75$) but I hear hotels make $$$$ req'ing confs to rent their equipmt
MAHOMIES - follow she had about 32k followers and then she was hacked.. help her gain some more(:
ja rule & ashanti was the shit back in the day
you lost 25 pounds? Holy shit. That is a big number. How did you do it?
- hey there.
A tsp of raw honey will help soothe and heal that.
you bitch!
Come on #louisville...you can do this..
Where is everyone going to be about 5?
Have you seen cannabis heal someone other than yourself?
Me too, I agree! The #foodallergymomarmy is the best!
you already know ❤ haha
Work thinks I have class today. I didn't bother to correct them. I think this calls for an Everwood marathon and a day in bed!
right? Like all I want is a picture
That is the general consensus.
so, um.. can you show us miranda's ring?
I have!
Can't wait to see #TheHungerGames SO MAD that I haven't had the chance to yet!
I Don't Like The Fact Of My Big Broo Gettin' Cool With All These Kennett Niggas .
Time to take the first half of this day out with a JUDO CHOP!!!!!
RT : #WhyILoveMuseums it's a way to see the world through someone else's eyes.
: #JaxState is thinking of our friends at #VaTech - RT if you're a
We love your blog posts !! We'd love you 2 guest blog for us!! Interested?? U can reach me at :)
thumbs up if you feeling Wale when he said "Teacher fucking up your last name"...I am a witness #OMONaija #No Shaking
touch ~/Dropbox/katie/*
Jeremy from WGR too. Kicked him to the curb a while back
Thanks for the mention! :-)
Oh I should look up Anthony Bourdain's recipe. I'm interested in trying a new cooking challenge.
Balance feedback from customers with your own vision
All the time!!!
We're not against rap, we're not against rappers, but we are against those thugs...
Football I love you and Welcome back... :)
Le final es complete and I am officially done with my Real Estate Economics and Market Analysis class! HOLLA!!!!
I wanna turn my room into a ballpit with all white balls. And then, I wanna find at the bottom of it.
does anybody else hate commercials as much as I do???
Thank you! Why must people be such eternal dummys?
Yes, my bag arrived at 1:30aCT. Such a relief. London/Paris? Business or pleasure? Next mission Tweetup, u need to come.
Sure wish that "luck" tennis pundits say Fed has would show up for some of these "random" draws. Sheesh. Go Roger!
Own yr negative keywords. Tess, Steve--this will work for u!
so did you like the movie?
Y u wish to play with me go to bed
my turn for a s/o
Glad you like it! we are trying to get our touring schedule solidified soon we'll let you know when we're coming to Bama!
Good morning Andrew Humphrey! How much snow should we be expecting all together? When will the snow first start to arrive???
i love you (: its actually our poor girl c-rob. <3 shes doinnn a good job though!
RT IF YOU USED TO CALL THE PRETTISET CHARACTER ON A CARTOON AND CALL IT YOU LOL..
Just saw a nice older couple sharing a couple mini milkshakes. :3 Daaawww moment.
I am honestly beginning to believe that today's #youth don't have a strong relationship with soap & hot water
Can you pass me your digits - my 646 number is in nyc and I'm in DC til Friday... WHAT UP?????
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
Is this tradition now that we have witty banter after midnight?
nope too far away from OKC
NO I DONT WANT NO SCRUB
#spoileralert So even just talking about K, without any pictures, is an aphrodisiac?
on my way to shoot my very first Hip Hop, Reggae music event. Yyyyaman!
I still want to know more about the Dharma initiative.
Bed has never felt so good.
Sean is awesome
idk we have to do something... Lol
thanks man! I knew it wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea.
People just need to realize when I say "Swag" I am being highly sarcastic.
In today's mail: a program for a conference on the 50th Anniversary of the NY Mets, to be held at Hofstra University.
February Only! Spend $35 in our boutique & receive a complimentary Lexus hat or water bottle! Not valid w/ any coupons or discounted prices.
Wonders why I got home at 4am and been up since 7:30am #lifeiscomical #therapeuticreleases (this week was weird and got weirder)
Loved the Duke/UK one I saw, although I seriously question your judgment in schools. :)
Him: u gettn 2grown, dnt make me take my belt off!!!.. ME: don't threatn me w a good time!!!
We were looking forward to having you over. Sorry to hear about your flight issues.
Oh and btw my heart is... still beating... red ;)
You really can't trust anyone.
rt St. Pete: get ready for domination
Going to hang with daaaa boys and my girls at brown park. Then, Kayla is coming at 10:30 tomorrow morning. (:
you're a good man. Thanks for the awareness
where you stay at
Hey Adam, thanks for that Herzliya retweet. Nice to *meet* you there, though briefly. Congrats on FreeBeacon launch. Nice one.
Things are good, keeping busy! Had a quiet day at home together which was nice. How was your weekend?
Evil overlord tip #3: Protect your candy and explosives.
yes, downtown, San jacinto close to 59. Can't remember cross street.
I'm confused
thanks for the pep talk #coachwoodard. I'll regain focus. Onward and upward. #gobucky!
lol Nah, i've been ranting about this all year
Thanks for the shout outs regarding the Comm/Mktg internship!
did you know that In Baltimore - It's illegal to take a lion to the movies... I think cougars are legal though ;)
HAPPY 7th BIRTHDAY TO MY BABY GIRL...Tia u are one of the biggest blessings in my LIFE...I LOVE U SO MUCH!
Watching live. Insanity. Wish I was there. Live feed is the next best thing tho!
Never get high on your own supply
Thank God for Twitter or I wouldn't know when things I've done have been published or released!
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I was the agent to many soap actors
Question: What does the reboot mean to their flagship title...BATMAN: ODYSSEY?
lucky duck
#WordsofaWiseMan Its just the drugs bro
make your way back East, Stop in NY and stay here please. <3
Those are good cars!
The "bounties" did little in that one. All Talk!
Band practice tonight. With our drummer still out of town, it will be a song-writing session. Excited to work on some new stuff!!
I got a friend moving to Memphis. Church recommendations?
Wanna meet new people. Wanna talk?
Nothing like watching my mother on Say Yes to the Dress to amp me up for a big night at
Thanks for the RT Tom :)
follow me. PLEASE
Excited to get my Valentines gift from my always Valentine...my daddy!
Wow. This is really nice. I mean a really nice Tee. Tequila makes me crazy.
JUST IN...White Sox convention will now be the Andrew Shaw Convention! Now people will show up!
i want to be a dj, i want to be a great dj! there's just one personality trait that i have to fight, and that's laziness.
Thomas is counting on being close to us!
“: ChildPlzzz! Lol-”damn say no mo
because you allow it to be. Let the stress go! Effects the body badly.
RT For those attending Social Nonprofit today : check #SMW4np to see signs todirect you to parking. (pics...
We changed the binders so that all the tabs show up, unfortunately your history binder will now be hard to read on a small display
You were gone?
Despite national economic crisis, Steve Forbes spoke optimistically about Nevada economy at a packed lecture hall on Wednesday at UNLV.
Swag swag swag on you i sing at home ops neighbours are angry they are calling the cops? gotta go
are we still on for tomorrow?
has given an autograph for a #superbowlcontest !!!!!!! So who is ready for a contest????
Right? How do you feel about Jennifer Lawrence? I think she's perfect.
forgot to say a few days ago that I really like podcasts. Listen to 3 footie ones a week. But not everyone's cup of tea mind.
Nice seeing both and at #Coyotes - #Kings last night. Holy Jumpin'!
i understand! Ur products are simply amazing! Especially the eyeshadows! :D
The Tin Rum
I Hate Overweight People that's motto baby IHOP
I was just "singing" the whole thing! I like checks with a lot of zeros!
D.Rose been injury prone for a minute. Hope he good for the playoffs.
las nite really happened! I got Hangover pics to prove it! Lol
If people like u r care to no wht u r talkin bout they will follow! No need to pay !Keep it real!!
Thanks and for being our first followers!
Went to the Dr today and have an upper respiratory infection...fun fun! On antibiotics so hopefully I'm better soon!
Follow #tweet Yes! It's very hot & fashion forward + all glam! Excited about the new #collection can't wait to show in Fall2012!
Listening to for Pres album while editing photos.
I can see it...
Good Morning Vietnam!!!!!
shoot at trash facility starts at 11 am. Not 8am.
Check that...spending Sunday night calling the vet about the cat :(
Made sushi rolls w/ the girls. Our rolling technique needs work, my rice was too vinegary, but a solid first effort.
. good luck!
Watching "Everything Must Go". It's pretty depressing so far. Is this the story of Job or what?! lol
Keeping last night's tornado victims in my prayers.
Don’t let your meat loaf
Reading about 's trip to Australia makes me want to go even more. Definitely gonna have to happen soon.
Gnashing my teeth at the price of the conference #ala12 $220.00 really. Looks like if I can afford go ill be staying with the relatives.
Been working on Dr. Pappoe's Marketing Strategy this weekend. Getting really pumped. This organization is going to rock!!!
All the nominees are in: Jackson, Douglass, Farragut, McClellan, Lee. Who will be #POTY1862?
ooh ah. Let me know what you hear. *nervous*
me to
06 Le Vieux Donjon CduP. Rich, but still reserved. Very tight nose. Minerals, tar, cedar, black fruit. Strong lingering finish. 92 pts
60% of NEMESYS just crashed The Best Band in Denver finals in support of Denver Rock! So proud of this town!
please take a different route home. Love, your future wife.
Agreed. He looks like pulled something RT : Tiger looked like he was grimacing from injury but CBS' crew didn't notice/explain it.
It doesn't matter if the whole world thinks you're a failure, as long as you're a success in the eyes of God.
Any video bloggers following us?
Homerun ! What an inspiring,energetic group of doers. Made some great connections and plans for future projects. thank you
-sounds great. The process runs shortly after midnight.
#philly gettin desperate
need to go back to bed for a few hours... have a long day ahead of me
I wish we could have 24/7 Bryz and end-of-the-season Bryz at the same time.
Remember, comparison is the thief of joy. Always strive to do your best and let the Lord lead you in your job.
Watching kindergarten class use twitter at the School at Columbia - very cool!
I honestly hate when a parent asks what do u want when u give them a hug or act nice to them, its like maybe i just wanted a hug :/
Excellent! See you soon!
The reporters are now looking at the 2010 data set for Major League Baseball players.
None of those require a degree to obtain.
Sobering! How do YOU combat this trend? RT For every 100 FB fans, ~16 see your post (unless paid).
It's a good way to promote what our community is up to - and that Radiohead set was amazing. Thanks for sharing it!
Loving myself for having a bag of puppy chow at my bedside
Why can't Chris drew make a movie with other famous people
Going to an event next wknd with Jimmie Johnson. I family member just enlightened me as to why that's really cool. I'm #Nascar dumb sry.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no.
Tex is a great defender yes,but be can't hit lmmediately Cano walked,I should ve told yall Tex was gonno so that.look at his batting average
Nice move. CC/
I forgot my mo
i go to a ratchet school!
Support a Sister Giveaway Winners: His Revolutionary Love
you are horrible at responses. :)
My mom called to tell me that my mother's day card made her cry. Mission accomplished.
isn't "a Confederate Army of home run hitters" an odd comparison?
So it snowed pretty heavy last night. Something I've not experienced in 13yrs. That was crazy seeing that. Permafrost will be any day now
you drive a hard sale ;) /
spichael, if you see this, hi c;
Awake before Jesus. Total victory.
Here We go.
Of all the freakin days to have a fire in the building it had to be today.
My ankle is swole!
que le sucede!
Happy New Year to all Downtowner rlando & Lake Davis area. Catherine Steet
I hope you were besties :)
great speciall comment last night. Keep them coming
Manny is not anti gay or not even homophobic. He has gay friends too. He just don't support same sex marriage.
Yeah. "30-person line at Marriott Starbucks" would be a good one.
You just have to be willing to jump into unchartered waters and trust you will figure something out. -Marion Pines
baloo u from alabama
RT : Nope! It is #backupthursday after all. I'm heading to the office shortly. Well that's a relief
#TweetMeCody or just marry me :)
just like yo momma!
yeah, I have that shit locked down. Going in tomorrow first thing to replace keyboard. Sad pants.
Apparently Rees also threw a lamp at the cop but it was intercepted in the end zone #toosoon?
Happy Easter!
just saw it. Thanks!
there was a Roadster by my work in Pioneer Square this morning. it was silver and gorgeous and i felt cleaner standing next to it.
Alas no, I forgot we have a meeting with Ben's teacher this afternoon. Can you live tweet it?
When you overreact to something as stupid as a picture of a text
you should try to get Mos Wanted to lip sync to Call Me Maybe<3
*Wearing it doing anything at any time this summer.
This old lady better not be trying to talk to me all crazy like yesterday,imma judo chop her ass in the neck👋
could we get an interview with you?(:
Seeing him in #HungerGames was just YES.
send me a seahorse? :)
I find, my body is functioning more efficiently. My breathing has the potential to be very settled, almost nil at times.
Agreed my friend. So sorry he left.
Getting most in Kansas City isn't so bad when you happen upon good coffee.
The freaking Clippers into the second round. What's next? The Browns going to the Superbowl?
Person was talking about hitting a bar on Friday after maybe getting sushi. But "she wasn't sure yet."
Oh Arden you so classy
#FF #FollowFriday Graham Webster; Political science Ph.D. student, journalist
12 - 34 year olds more likely to watch TV programming online.
I'm with you! ;-) Enjoying my coffee and looking forward to the day!
I want to live in Canada.
at #apaie partnership discussions focus on trust between institutions. How much compromise is needed to create win-win partnerships?
Hi Linda, business is going great, thank you for asking. How are you doing?
New track for free download coming soon! Army Of One! Ephesians/Psalms are the inspirations!
People lie numbers won't.
