Congratulations to ! He will help to guide the power of #swang across the world.
listener too. I'm a portugese american living in USA. Listening to the game here on the radio
“: mine is the 21st. Happy early Birthday”~ lovely! Thank you so much and you also...:) xo
Have fun running the today & Colin! (cc )
Looking forward to talking to and all the guys on radio at 9 p.m. tonight about the MMA Ban. Check it out.
Lunch bitch!!!!
you just won the Kentucky derby what are you getting? "I'm getting a hot tub"....or ...I'm getting a hot dog"
3-3 Goal by the beaked bandit
Got my copy of Borderlands back! Wheeee!
Heading across the wild west to albuquerque.
omg Rest In Peace Donna
Hey Guys! Tonight, 10:30pm at The Bitter End in NYC, The Sliders will rock your face. Are you ready?!
Good Morning All! One step closer to my goal :)
Music, music and more music!!! what is ur face genre?
So yummy and chocolatey and don't even get me started on the frosting!
We're really squished into MPR 1 but it's a lot nicer than the auditoria.
you can find great lakes there. Plenty Michigan choices (see Gillard, scottie). Obviously goose island
thanks friend!!
I've got a ticket to come into ATL on Thu Apr 5 at 3pm. When is your class? Maybe I can change the ticket to come in earlier.
Miami is such a flawed team. They don't deserve to win.
Guess who's whipping on good friday niggas!!!!
Congratulations to the Newsbrief Award winner Nadia Drake!
Wonderful presentation and video. Looked like a great turnout. Looking forward to helping you out next week.
Yo-Yo Ma will be at the Kennedy Center - Concert Hall on June 29th. Have you gotten your #tickets?
#spoileralert All the fat people get thin. Switch over to
Ha. Not at all.
New video being uploaded today on Youtube look out for it!
yes of cereal hahah na you know that MJ ;)
swimsuits out in stores already? #whoanow #julycomesafterjanuary?
we should trend #WeLoveDanielle :)
sorry holly I'm going to a bmx race darn I really wonted to make your day
but will has favorited my tweets so he reads them
Finding it interesting...a little too interesting...that the iPhone comes w/both google earth & a compass.
Iran Nuclear Weapons: Israel General Claims Ayatollah&#39;s Are &#39;Rational&#39; - Are They?
Niggas gonna hate what more can i say....
mist new arenas have practice facilities inside the arena, why didn't Kobe go in there to workout?
Happy mothers day to all good mother's ! tell your mom's I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY & thanks for raising wonderful boys ! ( :
Stereo love!
its not that person you were that matters, but the person you are working towards becoming.
We adore you ladyface!!
10 yr federal spending plans remind me of USSR's 5 yr plans, since no plan passed by this Congress is binding on future Congresses.
definitely agree. They all should get the help they deserve.
I hope we can fix our relationship....Check out the eat cheap week specials!
We will soon be introducing some new design from a CRAZY new artist. Keep on the look out.
omg i just saw this huge azz bird what the hell was that?!?!
try and find the playoff 12s anywhere and let me know
got basketball practice 2 day
bringing out a tribe tonight all your friends shannon Burton green Tye Davi Davenport Radio tv Personality
and loving kobe right now ...
Not gonna cut it Bulls. Where the F is Derrick. Why do I feel like they're not telling us everything there is to know?
its only like 100 or something lol Naty II you going to the movies Friday?
thanks n whatz good
I DID IT!! I DID IT!! I finished the darn bibliography! Phew what a #NIGHTMARE now I gotta get ready for school. Yay
funny how quickly Verizon changed their minds after FCC said they would investigate.
Which foods have you guys gotten that you liked? Their nachos were yummy.
Let any burden inspire me, motivate me. At Peace, realizing that that I am who I am from all of that which has taken place.
hey what's your schedule like today busy bee?
I'd watch that! Too bad we aren't on our couch at
Amazing job ! Loved the video. I Love You
You're most welcome!
Eddie Rabbit loves a rainy night, and so will you while your warm inside munching on your dinner from Typhoon with free delivery after...
i dont think he noticed me though
good luck! Been at it for 2 years and nothing
I took medication for my shoulder. This sucks. I feel weird.
dang thats whats up, when was this
loved our convo and really love your space. hope to continue our plans for world domination.
bahaha that's too funny :p
I wish the reunion was 2 hrs long
A simple message can lead to much.
thanks for the follow Dani
Gotta think that the right-wing overreaction to HCR passage plays badly with your everyday voter. The sun still rose today didn't it?
I will
and I maaaaayyy be putting up a song on the interwebs in a bit here...if we could figure out this software! Watch out for it!
START nation
Today is the 10th year anniversary of "we talkin' 'bout practice." Jesus, time flies.
Officially a senior
Enjoy a #lifestyle discount getaway $100 per night visit us
If you want a good game, fly your ass to Jacksonville.
Oomf is so difficult to talk to ughh
aww shucks *blush* -CV
Good Luck!
So much crazy news today. Kamara's name change, Dwyer leaving for England. Question everything, believe nothing!
At work with my sister
Was thinking that myself..with too": We'll have to retake the photo with you - Nice red tie!"
What i meant to say was TRAITOR ,quit taking twitter so friggin serious peeps!
whats been good wit you
Plz help! I need info in how to deal with defiant behavior in an #adhd 11yo child.
waking up to the sun #NoAlarm . best way to wake up<3
"I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.... People think pleasing God is all God
and band losers?
When you wake up at like7 and your kitchen floor is being taken up wtf
If any of my old friends are at or this week, maybe I should have stayed in touch with you
"Missouri fans chanting SEC, but should be thankful didn't play Kentucky 1-3 times this yr//Big12 18-game schedule tougher overall
TrancenDANCE is so cool. I am thrilled to have discovered them. I will not only be back, I will be getting involved.
true #SMASH love and dedication in Hawaii. "Don't Forget Me" is my text tone on my iPhone. Can't wait for next season!!!
calm down yellow book.
Uhm excuse me, I am on Honor role so I am not a slacker and I am not even at school so I can't do my work sorry!
thanks for the support!!
Check out My Heart Remains #MHR #RTHT were playing all nights somewhere!
I love my mommy and daddy...and I thank God for them!!
: somn I. Its this new phone guessing shit
RT : Tomorrow tune in to Channel 6 SD 9-10 and see me perform and talk about How We Get Fooled (The Show)
keep on working bro!!
Paleography tool intended to be expanded to analyze non-Western languages.
Wait a minute BOSTON???
I never see Kevin lol
Thanks! RT : The line at the beginning is so catchy!
John Edwards faces campaign finance charges - Washington Post
I hate college basketball right now.
Off from the day job now time for the studio good day
Pullin for my boy ! Beat these scrubs !!!
i dreamed that dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he died.
I feel like I made up for not shooting them at Doe Bay. Photos coming soon, hopefully :)
Leaning that way. When were they here?
Liam Payne! :)
Back into go mode, back into go-go!
Happy Easter and Passover to all who celebrate! I'd love for you guys to send me some questions, and I'll answer promptly! Anything!
Can't wait for the details,
Cold and sweaty. Not a cute combo.
It's tweet your favorite picture from Label 7 day!
the rest of the team have a great game tonight from all your fans and at bar dynamite! give em hell!
Just made an investment towards t-shirt time.
Sweeping the Pirates would be nice. Especially since it'd make the Tigers 1 over .500...
What you mean is, let's poor honey all over that bunny. ;)
I want you & nobody else...
NICE win in OT tonite!! PROUD day for Heat Fans!! Great Job BOSCH, WADE and JAMES......!
thank god you got away from those steelers , to bad you could not have stayed in ohio!
you should come visit America come to New York
Hey stylist, time to weigh in. RT : What’s the one product you cannot live without?!
t minus 40 minutes until the Weekly Howl! this week we're discussion post-show discussions. Join us 3-4pm EDT
Nothing better then some good old Southern food on this gloomy Ohio day makes me want to go back to Texas! :/
* Okay, so I think the correct spelling is Bigham. My bad to him, but it was a great play.
ePatients bring a wealth of info for a doctor, and docs use it... IF they pre-agreed to that helping hand (pt2)
Dad:'What's a cooder?' Me:'Where did you here that?' Dad:'A cooder is a vagina..' Me:'No dad..I think it's a butt..' Dad:'No Syd'
Love to have you #Guacstar RT : When you visit Chicago.. Check out RT : it was from...
let me know if you need a makeup artist...
These hoes are limited!
All the white girls with big butts!
Local car dealer opens shop doors for DIY repair - Norman Transcript
I MISS PEOPLE TODAY.
I would certainly order one offline if I found one...
thank you for posting that 'ideas' section on your blog - gave me some good ideas to concentrate on.
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off purchase + 10% off for life! Retweet to share with friends! :)
Despite a few weeks of mostly gloomy, rainy conditions, the U.S. Drought Monitor still classifies all of NJ as experiencing a mod. drought
Did you lose your Richard Brautigan book? It's in the women's room at OAK, third stall on the left.
Roll Tide Roll
Half way through #20thCenturyBoys. NyQuil is taking over. Why did I not watch this film years ago?
Call us today! We can help you get into your dream car! Sales: (888) 378-5237
NO SHUT UP OK. THAT'S NOT TRUE. I LOVE YOU OK.
Becoming number one is easier than remaining number one. -Bill Bradley
are u reading this?:)
": woulda came back 4 u , i jus need time ... to do wat i had to do"
I can top that. We don't have a car. My mom rides a broom. MOL!!!
Thanks for the follow! Wishin ya much success in your future and career
Lob city bitch, lob lob city bitch... This is MEMPHIS! We grind here!
torn between beautiful weather and convincing my husband to go see the premiere of miranda July's The Future"
nice photo. Can almost see me behind the stage at
yea i know it makes me angry!!
im tired of collecting dust. everything always looks the same.
Seeking a PR and Marketing intern! one day a week. please contact me for more info, benefits, duties, etc.
#Twitter tips for #corporate learning: Have learners identify and “follow” virtual mentors to learn from!
why is it so hard to understand you can not make contact w other players heads
perfect! Thank you :) and yes i can
When I listen to Justin Bieber, and look at pictures of 1D, I feel like its such a contradiction...
Looking forward to boozing and benefiting with you tomorrow night
I was just told by that the project was spearheaded by He has awesome pics on his feed.
I wish I had the organizational skills for something like that. :)
works perfectly! =D i'll text/PM you tomorrow with a good time!
RT "Polyhymnia" by Jonathan Little nominated to "Best Album RNA of the Year 2012". Congratulations!!
My brother had a baseball game this morning \m/
Sore from what
What to do today... Hmm.
I'm speaking at my #almamater graduate school today.
I'm not sure who this Raider QB is but I'm really liking this guy!
You're welcome! Happy #FF!!
Nordstrom racks on racks on racks.
My dad picked me up!!
that's awesome!
Did u know excessive tension on the hair can lead 2 to traction alopecia. It is among African-American women & children
@ laraalexandra what other sandwiches do they have?
Listen to the intelligent mind, listen to the stupid heart. Be stupid. (Demi Lovato)
Haha! Yeah, looks like it will be a bit longer for NFC to hit mainstream retail, but exciting opportunities for early adopters!
Read that last night. Nice work.
I need help getting out of my bed lmao
Ready to play "Wonderful Tonight" by Eric Clapton for 500 Songs for kids at Smiths Olde Bar
I'm seeing more and more how genius Lauren Hill was. True charisma and star power. And she wasn't half naked in videos.
#TIL twitter.com/scribe accepts the #HTTP #parameter 'noob_level'. Obviously, in my case noob_level = null. Who are the #noobs, ?
RT We did it. We raised $30,000 in 18 hours. God is big and wild.
Because of this trip, I can safely say, Google Maps on Android, is a TRUE GPS system. Voice and everything!
Field trip &VolleyBall game todaay
i won a bong from mellow mood yesterday... it already needs to be cleaned. : )
Our pleasure!
Had a fantastic fundraising committee meeting with my fellow board members of this AM. Looking forward to PEG 2012!!
What about using social media as part of the art experience itself. Is anyone doing that?
RT Free Fair Trade Coffee in library mall in just 1 hour! 11-3pm today!
Everyone Stop What Chu Doing In Follow
No, He;s gone its been over 9 months. I'm over it.
It's 37 degrees and snowing here in Canada
Little girl took her pet rabbit for a walk aw!!! :) Omg
haha... Wife and I just said the SAME thing...
Feels exceptionally large today. Oh, Alice... Why did you eat that cake?
I think my tie is too tight!
Amen! Thank you! re: : I just don't think anyone, especially women, should be told what they can or cannot do with their body.
I want to destroy these loud ass ghetto bitches on the bus. feels me.
"lol no one loves me" BITCH WTF. DO YOU WANT TO READ MY NOTEBOOK IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU I FUCKING SWEAR.
#sears doesn't get it. Rewards program requires you to receive 'stupid' non-custom emails, and lots of them. So 1997!
will be rockin Girl's Night Out tonight at from 7:30-11:30 pm!! Dress to impress ladies!
#NP - Rise of the Fenix - Tenacious D - "They'll them removed. They'll have to laser off the D Tatoos"
I HATE GOING TO WALMART
Pats running back Taylor to have ankle surgery
those are some cool projects you are working on. Living my dream :)
always wanted to name a place Trough. What do you think? There is a communal table, right?
For inquiries, daily specials and private party bookings, please call us 559-761-0669 and we will gladly make arrangements for you:)
Few more days until the weekend, can't wait!
Thank you for the follow
My official response to the Magic Mike trailer: jhhsddhsysgsjsyged
just block him
#songsiwillnevergettiredof - pretty wings by Maxwell
Cause.... You're Sexy And You Know It
#atxcouncil is back. first item up, AUstin Energy's tree trimming contracts
I hate being up all night only because there's never anyone to talk too
What topics are you hoping to see covered?
My choice::: the REFORMED bad boy. Tee hee. :)
Draw Something: TeddySolano ¦ Words With Friends: Teddy_Solano. Let's play!
Houston Hoops now 3-0 in Minneapolis with a win vs Jackson Tigers (67-44)
I got about 8 oreo's and a glass of cold milk. Good times
Who's trying to get turnt up tonight? Porn and chicken #Chicago #Feedthehomies before hand
Moving right along with my moving plans. Just booked with the freight company. Texas, here I come!
Thanks for this! It's such a pleasure to watch someone recite something they love. Plus Stevens is tops.
It's never too late to become the person you might have been
hey, what neighborhood are you thinking of moving to?
sure but the angel/slut analogy is a patriarchal paradigm that needs to be blown away. The current elections in the US and
I CAN'T SLEEP
idk yet ! I might(:
is hunkering down for pre-pro on What Would Bear Do?
Son is grinding up some for my morning brew.
No one ever pays me in gum
Live steam and chat at 2:30 today with Congressman Mike Coffman. We will post a link later this afternoon. Join us and ask a question.
My true blood guy is sexy eric of course!
these last few weeks are gonna be amazing (:
This is going to be the best summer I just have a great feeling about this! <3
“Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true”
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 43
Any catering suggestions in #SATX? Appetizers specifically.
My 2nd mailer I talked abt my Colonial Bill I stole from Senator LUCIO (he he he) & then gave to Shapleigh. I have NO colonias in my distrct
Monday May 24 the new Bachelorette!!! !!!
": People take my tweets too seriously -_-"
HAPPY OVER-THE-HILL.....LMAO!
OH SNAP
cuz I just found out the guy I like, likes the girl I don't like-_-
GO TO BED.LOL
is the best girlfriend ever! :)
Telefónica in talks to share German backhaul network Telefónica Germany confirmed that talks are underway with two other mobile o
lick my p***y and maah crack!
I could do work. Or I could listen to the Beastie Boys, drink Diet Coke and look at pictures of Idris Elba in Thor. Guess which I've chosen?
And most of her opinions actually made a lot of sense to me, usually. Very out spoken about it.
thank you =)
Dam I want my snake bites already!
I'm supposed to meet Anni for breakfast in 15 minutes. I'm still in bed. Lawls.
ur right u can but like I said ship jumper ur not a true magic fan or u wouldn't of jumped ship
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Dexter's Laboratory :-) :-) :-)
not me. relied heavily on it. Reviewing web-based art w/clients&collectors while on ph w/them. tether issues too
hello how are you doing?? Did u get my tweet the other nite??
First night back at hapkido and my killing powers are undiminished. My gut, however, is very minished.
You're going to kick ass! Best of luck!
Great briefing with Cynthia Clark, 1to1 Magazine, on LiveWebAssist deployment at The Four Seasons Hotel
Minnen: however, the research isn't there for us to know what the 'standard' gestures should be. The tech is just too new.
My favorite part of The Bachelorette was when everybody got cold sores. /via
RT : Denver's elevation was the deciding factor. I always wanted to know what being light-headed would feel like.
o u talkn bout like makin collages and stuff
Added a new event to the monthly LOVIEE since I just found out about it: Houston Museum District Day (Saturday 09-25).
Welcome to all those viewing by holyconnection.tv! Bask in his presence!
not funny god idk wat king of sick humor u have but ur not accomplishing anything i didnt know ppl were so heartless.. :/
#thingsthatgetmeupset bad breath,I mean really horrible bad breath
Social media policies should identify corporate culture and support the role of social media for strategic communications
this semester is kicking my butt! How do you teach AND hold forth on MSNBC?
Excited 2 emcee #alumni event 2nite!! Excited to meet Kelly Larson, HS & College Alum, Pres Allen & Coach Jacobson
Anyone who thinks live tweeting in theatre is a good idea should have been at our preview the other night...
I heard a rap song today "take it to the head"? Come on guys really? Lol runnin outta words?
Come up here then! hahaha Maybe we can have a Skype baby shower? I am feeling good!! :) You?
These athletes running in the Baltimore marathon are incredible athletes. 26 miles in just over 2 hours and barely broke a sweat!
" If every educated person had knowledge we all would be successful. "
Satan loves me 2
Agreed, though I think Twitter makes me go why even more
Okay, where is my sandwich? oh and mom you ruin my life... D:
Take a break from this winter weather and snuggle up with a hot cup of Joe this afternoon.
I miss you guys - and the dogs.
#Gemini Mb guy of the day: Ray
lol well give it a few years, I'm sure they'll have an app for that haha
People who go to self checkout with 20 items <<
No coach in your area? I see that Accenthelp.com is 40% off today and tomorrow with discount code 'roadtrip.' (Good materials in a pinch.)
Thomas Keller's Perfect (Yes, Perfect) Poached Egg: BA Daily via
I'm ok...on my way to buy some clothes for work and do laundry. I'd rather lay down and watch tv all day. Crazy 6 day week I had.
Can't wait to teach a class where a statement like "America is a Christian country" isn't a truism and needs to be supported by evidence.
Sue Gordon at #WMNatSec: "Be who you are every single day and people will learn to count on you"
INDEED!!! ;-) Have an awesome Cali weekend, babes!!!
Accused Groper: Police Have the Wrong Guy Karl Vanderwoude, the 26-year-old Brooklyn man arrested earlier this month on forcible touching
You did amazing tonight on the "Macy's stars of dance" dance :)
Never been the bitter type.. Ill let u be miserable while I enjoy my glass of Riesling & live it up!
How great the pain of searing loss.
You can’t change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
Let's see if this Twitter integration works!
and the Countess stays, of all people?!? And Kelly's crazy and harmless...it seems like an unnecessary cut :-\
Getting a crash course "When In Georgia" from GCSA
Good luck! :)
Kudos to Elias, Jose and the Mekel MACH V for scanning more than 7M images/week (16mm microfilm ) on a single Crowley project.
I find testing software to be oddly soothing. Finding the bugs and bringing order to one small corner of the world.
it was actually one of the more dramatic moments of this trial.
That has be one of my favorite Bachelor moments ever, one point for true love!
Time for bed soon
lol michele obama is at the KCA's
Law Biding Citizen .... in the kingdom Of YAH!!!
I'm definitely sleeping in this front room right under the window
“: I had a great time teaching at tonight." / One of the innovative voices of
Day 2 of weaning off coffee. DR said coffee is like pouring gas on a fire for anxious people. Plan: more water!
Then there was avoiding the lava...
RT: If its going 2 rain, rain fuckin tired of wind and sprinkles. I got your sprinkles right here.
I'm telling you, the freshman class is morphing into one!
hahaha indeed you do. She has a pawtograph signing coming up in the month of June for a new book shes doing x)
I agree that wins!!! Good luck
Definitely the weirdest winter ever.
how to use a slide show with jQuery plugin and customize it in some way. Also manipulating gui with #jQuery plugin would be cool.
Tv night at home with my sweetheart & the poodles. My wit & knowledge may be limited for a while
About to watch some anime.
letting iTunes DJ create the playlist for my Monday work day...Sinead O'Connor "black boys on mopeds" first song...should be interesting!
#FF - great people to follow!
i dont even get a summer vacation that long. cheer starts back up SUPER soon.
Truckers Use Rigs To Prevent Suicide Police in Minneapolis recruited a group of passing truck drivers Monday to park on a highway in an a
I can get em for me hmu
not that I know of...did I hurt his feeling last night?
and Thank you for the #fridayfollow #followalibrarian love! ~tail wag~ Tweet on ♪
just seen your new single video and heard song from e-mail link, thank you, it's great...cheerd me up and has done alot
To skip French and do hood rat things with or to go to French...
D': ohmygawd I want my freakin twitter back. Why mother._.
MUHAHAHHA Nick jonas is single again *.*
Class all morning, work all afternoon, homework, #capsim, and networking in the evening at
but only by a nose. And that organization shall remain unnamed (since they do some good work, horrible fonts aside)
RT Cabrera and amarista will be #padres dp combo now as they look to the future. O-dog gets release papers, bartlett on dl 1st
Libya/NYC same mentality. Dung fucks.
So simple, yet so true RT : You cannot live a positive life with a negative mind.
I'm so bored!
When subs think they are in control
Thx. It was worth a try!
Ahistorical! I am leaving up a variorum of my comments! (Just kidding. Off to see what's up.)
I love this quote!
Bank of America planning more job cuts - WSJ
👊💢👍.... Nah I've had about 20 or so. I can feel them coming now. Soon as we hit the boat I seized. But they had a nurse for me. ☺
Downstairs playing the Bass at ridiculas volume, slaping it up just a little bit.
amazing :) sweet dreams sweet friend :)
RT : wes anderson is a pretentious monster and the simple fact he has yet another tedious movie makes me want to stab a hipster
I just wanted to make that clear, because DAMN.
the #whodatnation is also up and you know we stand behind you!!! Ignore the haters til they fade away!
unfortunately grass has been outlawed in new houses here in Vegas:(
Follow #NSF2012 to stay informed over the next 4 days on 2012 Forum happenings!
Hi goodies
You're welcome, Jack! Thank you for the friendship. After all, best friends make the world go round. It's science.
when u ready
Damn. You find out who your friends are.
Thanks for the support, guys. Can't wait to see you both on the 28th!
I would take this offer myself! Kate's working with Maria Sera for an NSF/REU. I'll send her to say hi!
What are your #family’s Sunday traditions?
Im one, Florida bound!!
Have a great weekend!
Reminded me of Cam on Modern Family
Deleting half of my essay. Crap.
This has all the making of an entertaining #Pens game!
It's feel good Friday! What are you feeling good about dreamers?
Our grandchildren waiting for a terrible future: the grandmothers with the tattoos on their ass and grandfathers dancing tecktonik!
Tosa Fire responding to Car vs Tree. 2200 block of Wauwatosa
SUMMER CAMP
Hiya love! Hope you have a great day!
I need a vacation...
hehehehahaha ugh i miss him
i need some shout outs pleez!!
thanks, u're cute too baby :)
my #shop has been feeling so neglected lately... pay it a visit?
hey so I wanna know how many of you guys have a tumblr. Let me know I just made one and Im new to it lol
Yeah, Rachel is my chick. Leave it alone and I've been on since me, , watched it last summer.
Follow my blog at:
Thank you, I am folowing you.
I like that one, because Gary & I were able to find some common ground, even if we disagree on other stuff.
Sweet. RT : Full of win: analyzing Ira Glass's speech using Python. Linguistics + coding = awesome.
"Why do you eat peanuts in the shower?"- Marge "Can't start the day without that fresh from the circus feeling!"- Homer
I'm getting random text msgs from unknown numbers..
Lol i'm tired!
you have an amazing son, and i bet you're soo proud of him<3 I know all us Mahomies are. He's come so far(': it amazing<3
Sometimes I feel like I've lived several life times...
Thanks to whoever gave me this cold. I hope to return the favor someday...
#sometimesiwonder what if i never joined
At least i hve my sister to share excitment with me..Fuck everyone else
are you gonna continue supernatural or do you consider it done? X) haha
haha yes I did!! I missed him, but thank you :) miss you
Let's try to get #PutItDown to the main iTunes chart we can do it
you're not working there anymore?
Missed seeing you all at #12ntc and DM me some possible happy hr. date.
Really NYC? I hope you don't rain the entire time I'm there!
thanks for the rumpus piece. i just noticed it among my msgs.
I hate stereotypes
When Chuck Norris had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors.
Miracle on 34th street on NBC RIP Natalie Wood
Just updated my iPhone for AT&T. 5.01 and I got 4G baby
i have successfully destroyed yet another "indestructible" toy. go me!
Slow going but going well. Today, working out some problems in post-wikipedia anarchist epistemology via weird science metaphors.
I celebrated today (2-1-12) by playing Rush ... all day. Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose.
I'll be on a panel with Colleen Lye and Jennifer Ho at the American Literature Association's Circle of Asian American Studies panel! Scary?
trying to work are you gonna be around Norfolk?
I'm tired time for bed.
Cuervo Carter Street Team
This week in Washington: We play @ PromiseChurch in Woodland Wednesday, the in Camas on Friday, & Bills Place in Yakima Saturday!
Have you ever been to base 3.5? It's really gay, so I suspect your former boyfriends have taken you there.
You were born an original. Don't die a copy. ~John Mason
Performance @ Dade-County Youth Fair tonight!! See u there
jacks dog farm in plumstead is where I got mine. Google jacks dog farm it has good reviews or puppy barn in new jersey
my 56 year old social studies teacher stood on his head on friday...hahaha i kid you not!
FUUUUU I should be at that damn concert!!!!!
tehe! 😊 I'm glad they interest you so much!
Entertaining or not for Memorial Day but placed some wine orders online to Napa & Sonoma just in case.
works for me. Where and when?
god doesn't love you
I'm a little tired :p and that is cool(:
your a great singer! :)
Can u send me a kit too?
RT : Thanks for a great workshop today. We are excited to use the Yard to prepare Brooklyn students for STEM careers
what it is bruh?
The JLo commercial inspires me to vomit and never buy a Fiat!
I know it really IS THAT bad, but they didn't have to be all excited. He literally told me he's "excited" about this project. lol
yeah not to mention my date
“Boldness in business is the first, second, and third thing.”
Congrats on joining our team of freaks! Be sure and keep a close watch on us in the coming months. Many awesome things to come!
One of the best nights I have had in a long long time hanging with all night. I just love her
changed my icon :) It's now and (:
I spit out my drink cause I just saw the same sign comin in from the west
thanks for the #ff! :D
I'm gonna use my one time on my poker career as a whole.
It's getting cold outside! Be sure to stay warm and dry. Give to the RISD Annual Fund and feel warm inside and out :)
Not bad considering I am at work, you?
Avengers movies for the second time today w my bestie
U need to follow . I just discovered her and I want to throw a frying pan at myself for not paying closer attention. Now, obey.
If I die young, please don't dedicate a mile of 495 South in my memory. I WON'T appreciate it.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Mexico City, Guatemala, Chicago, Montgomery, Winnipeg, San Salvador,St. Paul,New Orleans,Minneapolis
damn. Sounds scary. Could be the cemetery. Or someone gettin stuck in the grate. Lol
Tuning in to 'Twitter Power Strategies' with at
Lol had to do it once I saw the poop emoji.
#RIPDirectionerPaula <3 I know must have loved you as much as you loved him! You'll always be part of the 1D family <3
free my fam
Life is good!
I scared my accountant so badly he broke down crying to my lawyer as I told him he was stealing from me.. I was right in that instant though
The Idaho Potato Bowl?
Totally thinking was gonna be awesome, but I like better! :(
I think Justin is crazy because he was wearing a closed jean jacket long jeans, and a freaking beanie at the beach today! AT THE BEACH!!!!!
why they always show our stuff in the middle of the night though? The 1st HOU game was replayed at midnight last week. WTH?!
Having a cold on a nice day<<👎🔫
Kudos New York!
Thanks boo for helping n I help those cray cray lesbos!
regarding the Grizz....
Contemporary art folks quite like the word "activate". "Activate" might be the new "the ask".
Calling all #singers! Choral Arts hosts auditions for 2011-2012 -- final season for Founder Norman Scribner. Email !
Stay Modern Pony Boy.
#librarian #trick a dryer sheet can alleviate the musty smell from old books...
Hahahahaha that's now me😁
How so? RT : I take shit way too personally in business.
So much to do, so little time.
Next thing you know we are going to find out that Mitt played rough in organized sports in high school.
"But isn't it expensive to go abroad?"
Metaphoric of BB? MT : accidentally just dropped blackberry down elevator shaft. I take this as a sign that I need to buy an iPhone.
Y'all remember pogs?
Bigger sigh.
hey Loyd, did you switch over to Crossfit from 24 hour?
She can make her eyes REALLY big. And she's brave with hair colors. And...and....that's all I've got.
"If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger." -Frank Lloyd Wright
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you by my side:)<3
your very cute :)
Only Simon Cowell can get a freaking ICON that's still HUGE today to judge on his show!! 😢
Keep them 🔲 out your ⭕
I am economically proud of myself that I bought two cheap bottles of wine instead of one semi-expensive one.
hey! sent you guys an email!
pR3dxclan doing some trikshots today!:D
Dats wrong and Dats my friend ..of course imma say something ..they just needa stop..>:(
Oh well thanks anyway where r u from?
"They chromed it and put lights on the bottom so it looks like a spaceship." Lmfaoo oh Justin.
The automotive section at #Walmart is not the appropriate place to check out with your 100 grocery items
Did you know? Rick James had a pet dog named Ganja.
"show me his real birth certificate" Hahaha
thank you! I love the contrast of the sweet and the hot!
u ain't right
love your dress
.kush rolled,glass fulli prefer the better things...dudes wit no money act like money isn't everythin....
Come down and check out tonight!! My homie will be DJing tonight!!
love them!
Me: "I'm going out drinking at Port Discovery." My wife: "Good. Good luck not getting beat up." Thanks?
hay guys have a great and wonderful march break!!!!
We have some exciting books on slate for publication. More specifics to come.
That was a really long day of relationship debates.
They're back! Round 2: Invasion of the moths.
“ im f.ckin sleepy man”
Girl: " I found the knife you lost the other day". Friend: "What knife'? Girl: " The one you left in my back"!
Thank you for the follow and continuing to inspire and lead!
Portal 2, you sly fox... gimmie back my day off!
I didn't know they still called travel in the NBA.
I heard alot of people didn't like the newer seasons. that's sad because the first weren't too bad
still absolutely in shock about Pujols
Poop. Is it really 9pm? I haven't done my workout yet. Here I go...
Just added Web of Knowledge to the products available to our internal users... looking forward to promoting it to all 9000 staff here.
We can quote you with a bunch of A+ rated companies at once to save you time and money. May we help?
Sam Cooke - A Change Is Gonna Come - 10:35 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Thank u 4 writing this. Don't understand- my daughter had 2 have an endoscopy 2 be diagnosed w/ CD we aren't making this up!
By it's very definition, Glee is about opening yourself up to joy.
"The most tragic thing ever written..." LOL :) That brightened my day considerably
Fun fact: SenRoJo, who voted to ban earmarks, also said he would stop the streetcar. But to do so would require earmarking the money.
I hear you brother. Acussed of the same thing. Yes I am Union.
we're not homie
great thanks and you? 😃
Obama chimed in: Broncos' chances at signing Peyton: If natural beauty has anything to do with it, then I’m sure Denver will do pretty well
Weneva he want he can hit it!!!
Night night! Don't worry, be happy! :D
Self Inflicted injury *
Got my mom something cute from Gaiam.com =) can't wait to see it when it gets in!
Have you done the monthly full discharge on it?
Haha, 2PM turned into naptime for me today too! Not sure if it helped...Z...
see you there. Can't wait.
oh well excuse me then
and think of all the money town halls will make on the sale of marriage licenses!
i know no one can understand the amount of pain you feel right now, but just know WE'RE HERE for you(: #CheerUpAustin <3
Making solid progress with the team. Super stoked.
RT : was supposed to fly home (SEA) with my family tomorrow, but I may need to stay here in (DTW) for a week?
No prob. One day it will change. Prob after I retire though.
The sound of the #Oscars is, well, quite metallic and bad! Somebody's getting fired.
To save the sheep u have to kill the wolf!!
When it popped, people were looking at us like: 😳😒 LMFAOOO and when you couldn't reach it. :')
we can check out the hot lifeguard;)
Doing some production with
Friday Night Open Courts! All Winter Long @ Ultimate Sports Center... Check www.capitalcitysports.com for info!
just misread "columnist" as "communist"
i Love Justin Bieber soo much i cant even explain it ! <3 (:
Pregame starts now. Get here
Blue Valentine is such an amazing movie. Its so real and reflects what happens in the real world. Finally a movie with a realistic ending.
can't wait for the sale tomorrow. Those crab cakes are AMAZING! :)
follow back please!
Thanks for the RTs!
Thanks I will take a message from you any time :). Miss YOU.
Sure they can. Employers will sniff around as much as they can.
at #suny farmingdale today and - looking for a link to the faculty development event - anyone?
Good bye old friend. Good bye. Good night.
Glad it's Friday night, had a wonderful dinner with my wife at Crazy Water, time for some sleep. :)
There's a 24-hour Greek restaurant near our station. Their gyros (and calzones for that matter) are gigantic.
AND... One of em slipped on syrup.
#fuckyouwashington for thinking we do see what you are really up to! You are so fired!
That ain't nothing new though
There should only ever be 4 things trending on twitter and that is bacon, beer, bitches and John Wayne the real American hero.
Happy Labor Day Weekend !!!
What were your favorite films of 2011?
"There's nothing wrong in making mistakes, what's wrong is letting a mistake stay as a mistake, without the effort of making it right."
Cheer Practice Was Booboo ! (: lOl . It Was Boring , I Thoughht It,Was Gonna Be Funn ,
Have you ever started over your Twitter account? As in, maybe taking it to a professional level? What's the advice on that?
I know, right? Not sure what the deal is...
fans, it's time to #RocktheRed !
Turning Nancy Kerrigan, into Fancy Kerrigan!
Probably from the crack.
Nice! I can't WAIT for this movie!!!
I'm convinced that every boy, in his heart, would rather steal second base than an automobile. ~Tom Clark
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 19
if you know what it is
In a good mood :) On my way soon to the church, going to help a bit, then work more on my sermon!
seriously the best thing ever. 😍
They don't do it because its easier to stay up all night playing a game than it is to stay up all night bettering yourself.
What is Ambient Awareness?
Thank you! We hope you enjoy our Tweets. We're sure we will enjoy yours! :)
TGIF tonight playhouse with the crew:-)
No sign of a tornado in east Dallas, but I hear the sirens and loud thunder.
The Centennial makes perfect blog writing music. Now if only I could stop starting blogs and start finishing them.
follow me back.
Funny video! "Volcano: The Series - Episode 1"! tinyurl.com/5ue65we NEW EPISODE COMING TOMORROW
If your titties saggy unfollow me now. I don't wanna see them shits!
Thanks Thomas! :) Glad you liked it!! Hope you are well!
I love being babied when I'm sick
MOS WANTED CREW WAS SO FUCKING SEXY AND AMAZING. THEY WERE LIKE AN ORGASM ON MY TV.
your lucky he follows you.! lol and in the picture you said you won't ask to follow anymore, do you think he'll follow me
Girls that wear black underwear and white pants <<<<<
That awkward moment when you walk through the metal detectors at the airport and your abs of steel set them off.
like to be in the gatorade commercial! When and where is it??
hahahaha love you too sugar plum booger butt
I wish I could go back in time to the first day I met you and walk right past you
best invention ever!!
See if your manufacturers or retailers or other business partners might be willing to link to your site
you're always a drunk bitch <3
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight!
wowww i got 2 wks off...last wk was the last week...fall break...
Wow. Just followed me on twitter, out of the blue. Pretty cool, if you ask me! Cx
Big News coming from Full Circle Studios...Stay Tuned.
M the guys at Menards 😍😍😍
Pot holes suck ass
ugh people make stuff so complicated , but ok lol
Walk in after my soccer game to see the Pats up 20-7 yay!....Sit down and boom! Ricky Williams 20-14.
Hi, Kristen. Thank you for the laugh on Facebook. :-)
I always like JH. Hope folks stop talking about his demons now.
I just updated, and love your calendar! RT But yours comes with a story
Many of us picked on ourselves unmercifully before #recovery. We may also have a tendency too pick on ourselves after we begin recovery.M.B
what would be your idea of a perfect tour? (TAP included of course!! :D)
I hear dat!
Last day working with :/ What an incredible ride it's been.
see you there!
Hahaha so true!!! <3 There's way to many things about Austin that I love.<3
Can't wait to be with my boyfriend tomorrow #LoveHim ♥
I'm oh so serious!
Happy Birthday Brandi. Can't wait for the new season!!"
The real world is a joke.
“Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.” - Walter Cronkite
Saturday FEB. 18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of !!!
Omg omg omg!! Just booked a room at #TheFlamingo in #Vegas for a June vacay! I'm so pumped right now! It's almost official! #Yay!!! 
Just did my first 5k after knee surgery! 11 minuet mile, I'll take it.
Happy Mother's Day! <3
rondo has 20 triple doubles..and tonight at the game Reggie Miller complemented rondo on his shot
Going for another win tonight on the Wildcat.. Pick Atlanta -12.. It's easy...
Chargers land safety Brandon Taylor with 73rd pick
jail abuse commission has agreed to just get select and redacted personnel and investigative records instead
Registration for our Programs is Now.... Get Signed Up!!!! Parent Meeting Will Be Next Week.
Talking about the history of maniacal panic attacks in my Italian family - zenlive.tv
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
Everybody just feels like they can relate...
i feel like i was run over by a steamroller.
Wait, I didn't know Glenn Close made a movie about Renting it now.
thanks! dm me!
Late night subway tonight.
Thank ya:) RT : lol nice quotes!!
lol just can't leave that bitch word alone hun?
Sitting on the bus :/ and has a very sore throat and a busting headache Ughh :/
Follow Me? It was my birthday yesterday.(: & So far today, I have voted over 200 times. :D
Found my bubbles socks now I shower it up :D
That makes sense. Maybe also where they did it. People on the street seemed to have the toughest time.
RT : Sometimes I replay the mistakes i've made in life and they still make me cringe.
#FF the writer of Richard Griffin's amazing film THE DISCO EXORCIST
Kelly Colonna, Matoaka Town Manager, came received $3,000 grant Funds will go to repairs at Matoaka Towl Hall & street repairs
I gotta pe
I love to sing ...And I love the truth. So gospel writers combine the two. Read the word and rightly divide it, for the new songs.
FEDLINK business plan pillars: identified trends driving programs, benchmarking and smartgoaling, strategic sourcing.
Congratulations everyone! Why am I not surprised?
May as well pour some hot coffee on her so she can go for the double....
Drinkin wit #np his iPod on my player
Here's the big question: Who will replace ? And why can't Boston have a better Dining Section. Nothing can rival
Drive from Death Valley to home--from hot and dry through sleet at 5,000 feet to a peaceful rain at home. Love those microclimates!
sentences seem impossible sometimes
75 days left till my summer vacation (˘̩ʃƪ˘)
ME TOO
> I keep tryG to tell and tht there is no need to Fear Th Superpac...voters are hip to th BS!
reminds us of what a good medium paper is. IMO it's not going away for this reason. It's the right choice for some things.
Must. Write. Paper..... Turkey. Coma. Setting. In. :-\
Kind of asked for this one, I guess. I'll definitely take it. RT Laden Brooper
#BmoreFail 4.0 students coming into college are risk averse
soy sauce?o.O
I know! She's such a good singer. She sounds even better in person!
Why has it taken three years to focus, like a laser, on jobs?
Thanks for the plug, Lisa!
mitsubishi tv parts wd-52525 mitsubishi galant 2000 code - mitsubishi tv parts
I'm going to hold myself to drinking more tea and buying less frivolous drinks.
devonthink is blowing my mind so far. Built-in concordance tool & advanced search & auto-classify is awesome
if he look dumb you look even dumber
a lot words are like that. big words made up of lil words with same meaning.
This period I enjoy the most; 7th.
When we allow ourselves to see the best in other people.. It allows us to find the best in ourselves!!...Seeing people how GOD sees people!
well it is a big deal nerve racking more then anything though
On average, women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are
so haven't been on here much lately so busy with so much apologies for missing the last few #FFs!
Hahaha loving "balls to the walls". We're getting to see the real side of Clay tonight! ;)
Taylor swift's eyes are wonders
I'm hoping!! Is it at Peabody's right?
My twitter keyboard is my bestfriend I tell it everything
No worries, dollface! Unfortunately I JUST gave away a bunch of ARCs before you guys started asking for them.
Thank you so much for you kind message! It's really my pleasure to pass the award to you. Have a great day!
That is great! RT We book groups for dinner here every year during Fiesta.
is #stillkidrauhl Damn and I'm scared to post a video on youtube. Proud of him. :) Wish I was part of the crowd.
I want a mango smoothie from mc donalds
Can I get a refill...
Even if the tickets for Newyork sold out me and my mom are still gonna go even if we cant go in well stay outside and support!
tired/grumpy studying wbu
This is one of the sloppiest games ever. I honestly don't care if the Heat win if they are going to play like this.
Whoa, now I see where the "merlot" comes from.
hell nah is he on twitter? nd im finna dm u aight
Cabin in the Woods!
Any special bennys associated with ? Absolution of sins, maybe?
"More media should be as fair as Fox News." ~ Mitt Romney
I really don't like Steve Blake.
"At the same damn time"... Is stupid and wack... At the same damn time
Oooohhhh gosh!!! BEST OTH episode ever and it's only 10 minutes in!! I've missed you luke!
Oh how I love to work, but hate my job! #HEB aint that great...
Woohoo! My stats homework is done.
Brilliant. I'll quit my day job and commence songwriting.
I know u guys got the brews this Friday but wats good with that hennesy?
Busy day here at the Marina. We are maximizing your enjoyment on the water. At MarineMax that is what we do everyday. Have a great day today
missing being with my family
My neck is so busted right now that I can't hold the phone to my ear with my shoulder. This is making multitasking very difficult.
TGIF!!!Don't forget to check out OKC Russell's tonight.
That hand clap in Adele's Rumor Has It >
Reading some of your guise tweets makes me wonder... Why don't I talk to you people lolol
Happy Niner New Year to Niner Nation!
Fearless Radio interview in 2 hours! Tweet questions to now!
RT Jared Weaver's old man with one out to go in no-hitter. Very badass. Also, the Weaver hairstyle is clearly genetic.
yea bro!
ill be out there in july bro
If you're trying to write a "hit" you're blowing it. Go to business school if you want to get rich but leave the ART OF MUSIC alone please!
im kidding f'course ;)
Somebody's a sore LOSER! : great win? shoulda blew us out at fagbo field. Ur lucky don't stop ur face
Ppl Go follow his just an amazing person u wont regret following him lets help him reach #5OOkfollowers!?
Feel like crying but the tears wont fall smh hate dis feeling
Clipping nails at one's desk in an office should be outlawed. I feel the need to hover over my coffee cup.
There's something wrong w out Internet connection again. I'm on 3G so sorry if there's some delay on my replys
I'm a hot and bothered astronaut.
Please don't tell someone what's obvious to them.
i can't be there w/ you but i can dream :)) #vibe'nn .
hook, line & sinker.
Eric put it back on thank goodness
What biz did you see us in?
The Super Moon is coming... Watch out for Werebeavers!
Registered for SLA/ALS/SLS Joint Spring Conference at Jenny Wiley State Park. Kentucky Special and Academic Librarians share & network.
New day, Browns....
I'm nervous!!! :-/ RT : can't wait for this Thursday :)
Time for the TRUTH
RT : Barkley: "This game was like Kenny's prom date... ugly" Kenny: "aw I liked ur cousin" HA!
If your windshield must be replaced, make sure your installer is certified by the National Glass Association
Thank You NASA, and the space shuttle program, for 30 great years!!! New Samples and Drops are up now!
DVD Review: Jane Eyre
It's clever, tho background distracts a bit from logo. Maybe chef's hat should go on straight or O as mouth? ;-) Nice job!
turn to you on ITUNES
Just in case you forgot... has 53 Beers on Tap. Dare you to try them all...
Thanks for including SHF Ron! Hope you are well!
i hear you on that...
now you lost three... *walks away crying*
this particular item wasn't available on prime. (much like my favorite wines....)
that's my kind of math!! Margarits for the win!
We leave next week!! End of August will be brutal. November to March will be nice!!!
IN OTHER WORLDS, by Loving the essays "Dire Cartography" and "Homelanding."
#interviewtip (DGE) 2 find ur dream position, connect w/ recruiters n ur industry on & watch for postings on open positions!
Better places. We's all lookin for better places to be in our fool heads.
California past, California future.
Back into the studio to do finishing tracks on "Suicide by Music" . Releases tomorrow at 11:59Pm
Hate when people criticise others when they only know one side of the story!
I would go as far as saying that she is extraordinary. Wait...
A year ago today Michael Jackson left our world. Remember him today, listen to ur fav song, do something to "Heal the World" L.O.V.E.
Dudes dont realize when they messed up a great thing
ctfuuu white chicks are g's too lmaooo
I'm going to try and get to mcgee's at 9 am sharp they apparently have some tailgate specials
FYI - we're introducing our banana pudding frozen yogurt tomorrow! 1 of 4 new flavors for February. Also, it's totally my fav.
Check out our Facebook page! We took the plunge and got Timeline! Hope you like our cover photo!
Can you PLEASE follow me??? It would mean ALOT to me (:
// Thanks, we'd love to see you.
I don't know if it's my computer or just Flash, but embedded youTube videos just aren't working with me today.
I wanna download The Window, but I don't get DatPiff on my school laptop. Any alternate links??
THANK YOU #UMFTV for letting me see yet ANOTHER great concert!!
Feelin much love right now <3 Thanx to ALL the new followers :) Yall really are somethin' special :D Follow --> !
I have used social media to make money and educate others.
I can not wait to get shattered saturday night. work work work until then
Of course!
GOOD MORNING FROM #TEAMYCB ... WE HOPE YOU HAVE A LOVELY AND SUCCESSFUL DAY
Hey I heard you were a wild one.
Don't let her fool you. SHE SET THE STAGE ABLAZE, DROPPED THE MIC and said something about her being Rick James
Thank U! Such a nice guy! And u fans are awesome! RT : Such a great interview with Adam today!
Man I'm so glad I learned how to write in cursive in 2nd grade, I use it so fuckin much.
Good morning friends. Just woke up and heading to the beach in a few :). Happy day for all of u.
wheeewwwww made it to austin after 12 hours of airport bulllllllshiyteee
How are you at UNH Winter White & at Splash in Boston on the same night?
“: If my mama proud of me really cant nobody tell me nothing”
1/2 Friendship struggles are often swept under the rug, trivialized, or ignored. At , we think they deserve a whole book!
Almost Over...
except for the lovely daily perks app, which pops up every few days like spam. I never once opened the app, yet there it is.
I was insanely close to sobbing in the Hunger Games during the scene that Cato died.
yes I forgot to put your name lol
it just goes to show how the want for a black man in office, and how ignorant America has become.I will never ever forget.
Some things in life are worth every moment, every thought, every feeling, every step. They're undeniably worth working toward & waiting for.
Very good morning tweeps : )
Laboratory Supervisor - New York City, New York
I need month off from work to re-energize.
#quotes It's not the situation, but whether we react (negative) or respond (positive) to the situation that's important.
A guy just got on my plane w/ "I love explosives" written on his t-shirt. Should I be worried?
is helplessly obsessed with the idea of a large, heated, bamboo frame, back yard dojo... background threads working overtime on design.
I have not. Is that some ferret documentary?
Ah, first crash with CS6. Good thing I saved my progress. Repeat to self: "beta, beta, beta."
BBQ Ribs tonight w/ corn on the cob. New beer on tap: Boont Amber Ale @ pikelongbeach (via )
Oh gee are you alright? Now I feel bad... :P
Longest day of my existence.
this is such an awkward oovoo conversation lololol
believe me, i considered breaking it just to taste sweet freedom.
Awesome job!
I hate this school );
shoutouts to all my new followers:)
CHECK OUT NEW RELEASE FROM * B.H.P ~ HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1 THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE OUT ...FEATURING: RIO SIMS / YATTA IMEAN / MURAK / PURP
we're all locked outside. The key hasn't arrived yet haha
Tx for reminder, it's a one-one-wonderful day.
Happy mothers day
Responding officer reports, "It is a big turtle." Approx. 40 pounds. Aggressive. Wants animal ctrl to come.
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
When people don't cover their mouth when they cough..
I wish//RT I think you made those words up...
Tell me what I gatta do to please you baby anything you say I do. C
Fact: Without there would be no That's a true story.
The gum is GONE & that voice is BACK!
hold in alot inside lately i hate for a nikka to feel this raft shit aint goin to b pretty, im tring to just meditate so no case get caught
“: you don't need it!” <---- right shira that's what I said
Your PAST developed you, Your PRESENT is sustaining you, but Your FUTURE is waiting on you . . . Time to GO!
“: Join Us for $6 Kettle One Martini's all Evening!” - and Kettle is spelled Ketel (Dutch for still)
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
congrats on the move!
I was talking about those in Hannaford. Let's do dinner Sunday?!?!
It looked like Bynum and Gasol were plotting to take over the Lakers
No on #raw? Best part of the show!
i fucking hate the world, I fucking hate myself. I fucking swore I’d never feel like this.
i am not mean to you, you shouldnt kick doors nigga!
Thanks for the RETWEET
Freezin in my own fuckin house! Ugh
hahaha, probably because I was trying to say "skeezy"
"Nine" opening night. Woohoo!
Left my water inthe car. Wondering if it's worth the effort to get it or if thirst is really a lie perpetrated by the Giant Media Conspiracy
Brain damage? What the?
These kids are so bad o.O
?Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
...but when you sleep, you dream (even if you don't remember). So technically you are doing something to keep yourself occupied, right? Lol
no no no step away from the site....careful, careful....now run! Phew that was close!!
...I wanna sneak down to the gift shop, but I know as soon as I leave they'll be looking for me...
Only a few more weeks :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "How's college?" Fantastic, I love studying my life away?
I thought that might be funny to you RT : lmao!!!!
np, congrats again.
BHO is the click that I'm stuck with. MPR is the niggas that I fuck with Huh Lol I love that part!!"
Thank you for supporting my record!
pretty soon Intelen brand new web site will be on-line...just before unleashing global innovations & services for new gen smart grid sector
i love it when you are still awake so late and you tweet so i can tweet you when i just woke up :D<3 lol. i love you :*
Thanks for the support!
read them all.. Waited 7 years for the last book
Pair a wine with each course for another $10.
Thanks! You do the same!
Our CLEAR cleanser has Green Tea in it to help clear pores & remove excess oil & debris! What is your favorite Green Tea product?
Hey Austin, if you didn't early vote, you have to vote today. Mayoral & City Council elections today. Make your vote count!
Fathers Day plans ? Breakfast outdoors on the river not bad... Live music with the family in the afternoon even better.
So happy...we got the house! Can't wait to move!
you need to get a life you friggin miami pile o shit cant win without a team of stars
Thanks for following! I can't wait to show you some new tunes :)
Sipp-a-dee-doo-dah! Let's go #Tribe!
Me and Becky need some shots any takers?
What up, Jalen? Thanks for the follow.
Go Green!
“ #IAlwaysWonderIf I will get myself outta these damn situations”
Take your ticket stubs from today's BBall game to Lobo baseball at 4:30 p.m. at Isotopes Park or UNM Softball at 5 p.m. and get in for $1!
Sacramento endorsements this weekend!!! LA underrepresentation bodes poorly for LA Candidates Hectore de La Torre and Janice Hahn
RT : Today is the last day of class work for my PhD, and the last day of the last #J202 lab I'll teach. <- sniffle, sniffle
me to
Now we're talkin! So what kinds of beer did you win? I can't believe you got the grand prize!!
madonna is doing better than I thought she would. cool show...
I can help you have more power. Hire me for mix, I work in one of the top 5 mix rooms in New York City.
hm, I think I would rethink using the terms "missed" and "used cake" in the same sentence
This is tough to watch, 17 straight outs by #tribe hitters
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
I'm from Harrogate, had Taylor's in my bottle as a baby :) can't live without it! LOL
that flick is so kick ass! Love it more than I love murdering yuppies!
I'm glad I can get by reading in French ... but I really need to get better. I suppose I ought to move to Paris.
One more thing before I get some shut eye My sis tiara dude "Danny noble" frm the Toledo rockets signed with the Tampa bay bucks S/O to him
Ooohhh congrats and enjoy! They've got an amazing (and local) beet and goat cheese salad if you're into it!
Why's there a video on my computer of Biden, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Sec'y Duncan, & Geithner singing "Call Me Maybe"?
Let's Go Rangers!
good luck with getting everything fixed!!
#Healthcare #ethics #socialmedia #collaboration recent articles or reports? Anyone?
Casey is barely a Democrat, he's basically Repulican Light... That man has got to go!
Still can't figure out why my #iPad formats all phone numbers as if I lived in the UK (yes, the system settings are right).
I think I uninstalled that voxer app
I love homeroom.
After sitting outside of Starbucks, sipping tea and relaxing for an hour, I am completely out of the mood to go to the grocery store.
no, but i would gladly vacation thereif the disney people built it somewhere near a beach
LOvE HER! RT : Saddled? Ha! These two are too cool for school:)
Life is good. Pray and you shall receive. Sometimes the answer is not the one you expected. However, God is good and will do what is best
I shouldn't have to tell you that will be hearing about this. Refusing to acknowledge or honor advertised deals is WRONG.
ok cool i better get an invite to that tell ya moms I said whats up
oh no! I hope you have some consolation treats on hand. can you just knock, drop the papers, and run away?
Just participated in advocacy training for Tuesday's Congressional visits. Glad I paid attention in AP Government and Politics
women are the route to all evil, but i love them!
HAHAHA this is why you asked how to spell my twitter name???! “: RT is the coolest dude out there”
SAWS is doing an emergency water cut-off for about 4-5 hours and it really sucks.
it doesnt say "Follows You" next to your name...maybe you could change that? (;
Mary Cook & Associates wishes you a happy and safe Thanksgiving holiday!
I love you mama bear :)
Andrew Luck better be able to play with the big guys.
wahh when could we hang out D:
This is great! How about drinking when a #WeatherChannel reporter gets blown over by the wind on the beach?
Trying not to.
If you think any of this is Bobby Valentine's fault, you need to look at Pitching in today's box score. Valentine didn't thow one pitch.
Check Six's vs RGNArtist on the #MLGOrlando beta stream!
Subscription to an NFL Breaking News service..Not anything that I'd necessarily put money on, but they usually are right..
great to meet you too!
#iReallyHateWhen people ask stupid questions
Randall Cobb everybody...
Did you buy your ticket already. Don't miss it; #BuickVerano is an amazing car.
Auto-limiting function of home speaker systems: YOU SUCK! Stop pulling the life out of music and beef up your amps if you can't take it!
Cold and windy! Posted up at 2nd location for the day. Craving coffee!
That shower >>>
awesome! Once again love the way you interact!
Best CAA moment so far: in panel on int'l copyright issues, Q to CAA's lawyer, "Can you describe the CAA's position on free speech?" REALLY.
Believe it or not, Steve Blake +1st round draft pick is better for the long term than Jamal Crawford.
You're welcome!
C's series was something beyond basketball, I think. Mavs was inexcusable.
I'm pretty sure I've never won in 'rock, paper, scissors.' WTF
ah! Very generous, thank you. Will share via board & conference committee.
A SECOND Earthquake has happened in Knox Co, IN.. This one was a magnitude 3.1, 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN. Same loc..
better light those candles and pray for warm weather.
I go hard 24/6. It's important to go soft the other 24/1 and rest up.
So nice out today. I think I'll study outside instead of in the library :)
I Hate Dora But Watching It With My Baby Cuzzo Is Fun :-)
not texting anyonee <<<<
Thank goodness I live in Berg!
Thats right.If they close it out i'll eat crow RT : that's including you! You basically gave the #NJDevils NO chance!
in terms of the total percentage of African American females the numbers are low, even though these r most of your clients.
Prosecution will present rebuttal witnesses.
Definitely RT : Absolutely nothing better than dads toasting their daughters on their wedding day.
Wonders why Porter service declines every time there's a hint of an IPO. if they really loved you, they wldnt make you change.
fingers crossed!! woooho
THIS!! | RT : OK's personhood law would give full rights to fetuses as well as wealthy 1%. The 99% to become 3/5 person.
omg when is it on! this diserves to be recorded like ASAP.
Check out this article on the passing of Congressman Donald Payne, by grassroots Ethiopian human rights groups and...
The only way to go! Enjoy!
#itsawesomewhen our partners, friends and people in general ask for consent and respect the answer.
www.theeroticchallenge for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract for more info 310-806-2123
shut up! RT Tssss my bestfriend is a thug! (x
I hope us pigs run into the buffalo. We will be there later tonight.
HUGE spike in traffic thanks to you, my dear! Happy Friday and let the birthday week celebrating commence!
He won it for History, but was only a finalist for Biography.
Fox theater OE Online Club Presale Tickets buy now. Password is "INEVITABLE"
This is funny&annoying same time...my cars locks click on&off&the bell rings entire time while driving..it's like the exorcist on wheels
This could be the absolute worst idea I've ever heard related to music. It should be illegal for them to use that name.
Lol! Thnx, love...will post soon. :-*
Come on, follow me, get followers every day! Enjoy twitter always! Follow, Tweet, RT
Pride is self-lust. It says, “I want my way.” - J. Todd Nichols in Transfigured
lol i was just abot to write about them too we'll jusylt have to wait and see what happens today :)
#exactly those "days off" aren't actually,
We're also looking for volunteer writers(for editorials/news on art/film/theater/music), promotions people, designers & developers.
Night twitter
One of us! One of us! *This message brought to you by the Cat Lady Coalition.*
a bio-polar douche bag
holly did i tell you about this? I'm not ready, I haven't listened to enough Adele
Won tickets to see the #Avengers movie! Love anything by #Marvel comics.
Can't sleep for shit. Insomina
But then there was this other dude, the host of the show, not funny.. At all. And this crappy funk band.
I'm planning my dream vacation. It's basically anywhere but here. All I packed is a frying pan, leatherman, and big knife :-)
ITS A CELEBRATION
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. ~ Aristotle Onassis
very true.
ight & cuz I thought you left
yup!(: then go nighty night(: haha
DM us an address to mail you a bracelet!
It's the 1st night of at Come by and vote on how well the performers #singit, #bringit and #schwingit!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be the best in every audition.
Currently experiencing the best bar playlist
Everyone be looking for love too bad no one wants to be faithful
I could use your assistance with our project
after your game text me , like PRONTO . Yes??? Yes. DEUCES. ((:
Thank you to the impressive & for being part of the Crowdsourcing panel at
Some do, and it's much easier to sell out pops. But even orchs with cheap tix have trouble filling seats for classics series
your right.. Ima close my hand then 👊💢 bam!! Right in the kisser 👌
:/ lol ...yea u rite but I'm not sleepy..I'm watching hey Arnold & its bringing back memories ..tear!
's "Strange Attractor" has been stuck in my head for days! Can't wait to hear the album. Out on itunes a week from today!
#replacebandnameswithboobs Ok Boobs
oh. um.. alrighty? :P
I just heard my 4 favorite words: "Anything for you, Jamie." :)
sorry just now responding! we had a power surge downtown & one of our transformers broke.
What #movie are you looking forward to watch after watching #movietrailers during the #SuperBowl?
Thank you!!
Here's a reason to add Squash to your activities. It burns 14 calories per minute.
Chivalry is alive and well ! :) cc
yeah i saw that beadles beatdown its fun
At the Rascal Flatts concert...think Hootie might really miss his Blowfish!
lol yea I just made it not to long ago but thanks for following I need more than -_-
#Costas gives best media appraisal of #PennState scandal to date. Fair, measured remarks.
i miss you
you just need to accept me as a friend!!
I got disabled after I was discharged from the Army, I wa discharged in 1979 I got severely disabled in 1988. I have a rare blood disease.
2004. It was my first order from wine library. referred to you by Brian Tannebaum in Miami. Who's still pissed about the fins last night
did you rush the field??
Favorite meal of the day? BRUNCH! We have new martinis you must try!
when girls cuss alot<<<
amen to that.
ha oh u didn't gamble at all?Just a lil bit? 5 hrs?! Yeah I was wearing all my softball gear cuz we came straight from the game
Just finished watching #Valkyrie... pretty fair movie
LOOKS LIKE ITS GONNA BE A PARTY TONIGHT !!!!
Farragut, You don't always eat Ficelle but when you do you prefer Rolling Ficelle... stay hungry my friends!
can I donate a helmet design
Happy Birthday!!!! Hope you have an awesome day!
WARNING: The side effects of cheap beer are as follows: excessive laziness, living death, and pooping.
6. Spotify = A music playing software
I hate how whenever I like something, then my friend suddenly likes it too! Like, get your own thing!! :/
I can't say enough great things about car wash. The customer service is amazing and I'm in n out in 3 minutes.
Who's coming to Friday's show? We aren't playing live for about a month after this show. So don't miss it.
Thanks for following!
yeah its sort of like wendys. But their food is a bit different and its kind of...a little more elegant than mickey d's
I have never been so excited to hear the words over our radio, DOORS OPEN!"
I Wanna Talk To Her..Smh I Swear I Be Fuckin Up Sometime..
Our mission is to address the growing inequality and poverty in LB.
Excellent Grey team
RT : Thanks for the follow!!!! PEace&loVE!!! "Same to u!!"
@ thanks for the follow!
I feel so presidential right now.. I'm about having dinner with the President of the United States. That is once in a lifetime chance!!
tickets to our show on the 27th at cervantes! Go to facebook.com/onetoomanyshots to get ahold of us so one of us can deliver tickets to you!
#GhettoNickNames the one that pops out, was her given name: Areola
i no u dnt jus ask do we have n sol n diz class, art !!!
'Madama Butterfly': A treat for ear and eye - Jerusalem Post
One of the concepts presented at our wonderful Sunday luncheon is as follows: Faith it until you make it!!!!!!!
Meeting for a sit down at 7news with !
