watching the Gordon lights in Plano with the fam
BMW Joins VW, Daimler Beating Estimates as Porsche Gains - Bloomberg
lookin good man glad to see it
your a queer
You have no idea of the behind-the-scenes wrangling with distributors...
If Someone upsets you or hates you, stay in #Peace God's got your back.....
Hell yeah!
Dairy Queen me up.
Always and forever! ": "Bleed together or die alone" "
You can always come on cam with us ;)
Love is grand - divorce is a hundred grand.
looks like you've got some competition!
a BIG shout out to all the big booty models!!
WOw. I've seen laser, lasic and Botox on these group deal sites. But breast augmentation, too?!
Zach does have anything done for prom this bullshit....why would u wait to do this.....
thanks for RTs! Hope you're having a great Monday! :)
* i listen to white people music more then i listen to rap . ifw r&b tough tho .
I didn't like him much as a President, but Oprah's interview is making it hard not to like George W. Bush.
It's freaky how they insist on making our Miis look exactly like us. :D
Thank you. We are going to rock Laredo....
I use to do bad things just so I would get a spanking.
is getting a wonderful make-over Visit it in a few days
Seriously, who still thinks pop-up ads work and aren't annoying? I'm talking to you,
Won a game the other night against our rivalry (cocky bitches), then watched then run foul poles on our field......
Scream into a pillow. Or have a pillow fight. Pillows can take the abuse ;)
Website was a critical channel for during
I have Mike & Ikes… I HAVE MIKE AND IKES!
There's smoke over Lake Monona, Richie Blackmore would approve.
Ain't no problem. My entire timeline has been either soccer(awesome), hockey or wrestling. Love all the sports, real or pretend.
I'm Singing Like Shit Right Now 🎶
I danced so hrd I wanna rip my feet off and beat someone with them.
James Cameron plans deep sea dive in Pacific
:) definitely, keep loving everyone around you :)
Seattle government will miss you, but good luck in the new gig! Keep in touch!
They aren't native Americans they were here before America was here
Why ya givin me that "imma freak u right here" face while holding ur mans hand? #LadiesWeWantAnswers... And follow thru ;)
i m new to twitter like u:) m luking 4 ways 2 implement it like u:)
Talon Haynes - Marvin's Room [NEW SONG 2011] - Send to friends
Here comes #Papelbon!
can't wait for senior cut day tomorrow! lol jk i have lax practice
Yes on both accounts
Hate school
I don't see the need to make fun of anything other than Alexa, really. After all, is still right.
or create the new language and continue the tradition of open source and release the language as GPL/MIT/CC.
I don't understand why we have to continue going to school when exams are over WHAT IS THE POINT
I thought the same thing about "justified true belief". I have understood "truth" as subjective.
There are brands we love to love. To the brand influencers listening: Check out recommended by
I totally bombed my test today...
Reconstituting one's committee when one should be close to the end is a bit dispiriting. I'm just considering it a chance for growth.
I think Friedrich actually thought he'd pitch a perfect game today. Poor kid...
I love one direction
She just hit me in the jaw..
are we neighbors yet?
san francisco 49ers
Time to add Livan Hernandez to the $1 pitchers list? Of course.
End of first quarter: nuggets 30 lakers 14... Love the score!
I'd be more interested if they filled em with booze
Ten Toes down
Outta work early sesh time
At Groves, the caregiver to client ratio is 1 to 5 during all waking hours
What's "Reverse Gun Game?"
You're welcome!
Why does my app always show errors when I click to view a users profile? Kind of annoying...
this guy named Jezy :) #right?
that name deserves an award. Lmao
If goal #1 is survival we all lose in the end. Only when 'self' is left behind can we truly find freedom. Self interest smothers the soul.
Looking for local business owners-5 to 25 employees-who want to participate in a USPS focus group. Free. Email me for details.
I will be there along with the next generation of Blue fans(my kids)
Thanks brother! Greetings from NYC!
Girls Who Are Goofy & Silly Are Really Really Cool
What in the fuck are you doing with bongos? It's real annoying doe👊😠
Need to clean my room & do homework.
OF COURSE! I LOVE CATS<21
Stay tuned!
Stop complaining on twitter, no one really cares.
She want them bobby ray bands..
Tragic. RT : Just met my one true love walking through the merch mart. Too bad I lacked the courage to ask her what her name was.
Funeral Mass at ACC trmw for Sister Maureen. Funeral procession starts at 8:45am w/ Mass by Archbishop Wenski at 9. All our welcome to join.
Park It: Keep on tracking at Point Richmond railroad museum - San Jose Mercury News
There's some class stuff in there that rubs me the wrong way, plus the reality TV compared to a narrative fiction.
Don't skip breakfast! Your mom told you it's the most important meal of the day for a reason! Make a good decision & eat a healthy breakfast
It's gonna happen when it's supposed to happen and we find a reason why.
Poopies! Outside of Star Wars & even then I use original characters, I've not been able to write in fandom.
4 more days till pre-sales begin for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough and Testimony 2-Live in LA!!! www.radiantrecords.com
Chris Rob TONIGHT 3/29 @ Montage Hotel Beverly Hills, CA 8pm
Im so glad me & my niggas & made the show.Now its time to WIN!
In my room listening to and Thinking about how and I love him <3
Who likes my avi haha? I make logos, web pages, and all that so if anyone needs something like that @ me, DM me or email(In my bio)
check it or respect it Woadey lol
Going to see Blind Pilot with
ugh I'll never sleep after that coffee -_-
RT : Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves; and under a just God, can not long retain it. Abe Lincoln
got some saddle analysis #tech that might tickle your fancy. I will be booth tomorrow. Come visit to see live demo
cole world illuminti
#cody what do you do to pass time on the road? (:
So much man meat in Towson town center today..
Happy World Press Freedom Day!
Better to be average and stay real than be rich or famous and turn into an asshole
For the record, I support other types of reparations as well. None of these are mutually exclusive.
someone seems to be in a lovely mood tonight lol. Love you AnnaKay!
The show must go on! :-) tonight's show was a bit rough with my back......but thanks to my awesome cast for helping me out tonight! ;-) <3
Can't wait to c Anthony Davis go to the League just so Dwight Howard can dunk on his ugly ass.
Most of the German in "Sheisse" is gibberish. She doesn't speak German but she can if she likes.
On my way back to Indy hmu
With at Burgermaster. She just parallel parked a 14 foot UHaul!
very cool!
Award for best booze disguise: a hollowed out loaf of french bread with a bottle of vodka inside.
Freeway - "Free"
Nope, not yet. Might be a numbers thing once they drafted Coples. RT why Pati,.. Did they give a reason
and you too if you aren't too busy!
Gov. Hick may call special session - news confo scheduled at 145.
... do not be proud of yourself.
Back to cleaning ... don't even know where to get started.
I'd watch out if I was Craig Sager. Gilbert Arenas may pistol whip him for that tie choice.
Now THAT will be a fun show! ": Fun show with Ayers and Eddie Mac tonight. Our guest next week.... Jake Plummer.”
“: More than 90% of my tweets tonight are to and from #someonenewtalktome #seriously” I will buddy
John Lackey is grouchy. This is not news.
spoken like a true scholar!
Here come the critics smh
Nicolette, I'm looking for sweet 16 dresses and the dress you wore to prom last night was exactly what I'm looking 4!
On San Diego bay aboard USS Midway 4 Navy Region Southwest Change of Command Ceremony. Many thx 2 Admiral French & welcome 2 Admiral Smith
Theresa on Real Housewives of NJ is officially bat shit crazy.
yeah. he was like, if i dont get laid, i'll take jessica. i was like, dick.
time to name my electric. paul? gibs? les?
Thanks , , , and for sharing your Holocaust Memorial Day plans.
Yeah, that's why I'm hoping no OT.
Its annoying like walking on egg shells when your with your bestfriend. Are you really my friend then if I can't be myself???
Thanks! I've seen him a couple times before and there's nothing like an evening with
Felt First Kick in from Spencer!!
i have so many new requirments for my surgery it has my head swirling. huge plus i will get to live. 2 months and 1 week till then.
aplied to massage school i,m excited ,,
Omg I love prank on the roommates by turning the inside outside and the outside inside love you Pauly!!!
It is smoking hot outside. . . The office is slowly heating up, it is almost time for a more powerful air conditioner.
Hot as H E Double Hocky Sticks
you got a twitter? O.o the world is going to end!!! Hahaha
imytoo!! We're suppose to hang out soon
Aw thanks! Don't jealous- t'was just a lucky find :) RT Jealous of the Hasselblad. Love the pictures though!
Nice, I hope they share their eggs with you! They sound like my parents-animal lovers. Fun neighbors!
Morning twitter.
I'm hearing squawk boxes but no more bullets ...
Another anti-gay Republican Phillip Hinkle (R-IN) was caught hiring a boy via Craigslist again proving the old adage, "you are what you eat"
Kazoo in this session!
Bartending class is getting me f***ed up... Far east!
Because.... I got it like that? I'll be home next week I think. You're still going right?
re: CR#2, cont. "… if you can find it — it’s a chinato, a quinine-bearing, fortified aperitif wine"
“I'm a persistent son of a gun. I just stay at it.” #Obama. We know! Great leaders adjust their game plan to avoid failure. You haven't...
Today's brainstorm: What teach w/tech method involves personalization, reflection and effectiveness like digital storytelling? Thoughts?
Thanks, Scott. Those are definitely good leads - all promising organizations.
QA Manager needed for direct hire position in Madison #jobsinmadison www.rht.com
I've lost all trust in him a few weeks ago. I have a feeling he's lying to me and just doesn't wanna text.
For the Honor by Elevation Worship. I'm obsessed!
Just finished season 3 yesterday. Love it. Edie Falco is a genius, and the supporting cast is brilliant. Start at the beginning.
Rise and shine!
#bigheadlittlejeans "it's to keep the crabs in line." - Melody. Hahahaha. This girl always knows exactly what to say.
Jase is my new favorite!! Hahaha.
Thanks, You got "Storm Warning" by Hunter Hayes stuck in my head... But it's cool. I like it. (;
Can't wait to marry into this family! My future mother-in-law just got us $75 closer to our Feb16 $400 goal. Only $185 to go! *hugs*
Square dancing to techo with at his family reunion!
sick. what show?
All my fave Seattle garage bands are breaking up! First the First Times and now Koko... what is wrong with the world.
Ohio :)! RT : hello, I love Christian hardcore bands, where you come from?
Cruel? No! Kind! They're on all month! Featured in May: It's the Neighborhoods and all neighborhood programs!
Thinking... About... <3
The new Gossip album fa sho!
I hope you guys got to see that goal. Wow, slapper from center ice.
you are!
Event venues looking to provide mobile apps to clients (weddings, etc.) email me & I'll send you 2 pg PDF w/details
:P shut yo facehole and sleep and feel better i ruv you
“: I didnt trip, I was testing gravity... It still works.”. This is what all of us #MS ers need to use as an excuse ;-) haha
RT ☮ After nearly nine years, America's war in Iraq will be over. ~President Obama
Today: info meeting today from 5:30-7:30pm @ Linda Vista Hospital! Hear about its plans to renovate and provide affordable senior housing!
go follow plisss!
Correct! Armistice=Peace and the U.S.S. Maine was actually sunk supposedly by the Spanish in the Spanish-American War.
ok your up follow
JUPITER IS DIRECT E'RYBODY STEP. ASIDE.
Theophrastus~ Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
happy new year!!!
And the Almond Croissants & baguettes too! Happy Friday James :)
That Pitt D was bad ass! Good game overall.
I think I have a thing for bald guys... Idk why tho lol
Ra.One action brilliant, direction ok, no story.. I wish the movie ended the same way it started. keep up the good work!
Better not be you!!!!! Haha -AliPaige
In life, as in football, you wont go far unless you know where the goalposts are. Arnold H. Glasgow
Heck yes for sure going!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. Ralph Waldo Emerson
(The ABC's Of Blackness. (The Information Collection.) – at amazon.com.)
* 1-2 years experience in a localization centric role, preferably as part of a QA team
Only she motivate my heart
Epic Super Hero crew stopping at Hooters for a drink before Kick Ass.
Isn't it amazing what people will do for a few bucks?
that true
My teacher hit me >.<
Hey, Campbell. Hows about my treating you at next time we can both get away. Call it an early Father's Day gift
Yesterday was the CSO's music director ,Jean-Marie Zeitouni's birthday!
that is so fucking awesome !!!!! I want one!!! :)
I'm a total clutz at times ugh..
Want to hear some of the worst dialogue ever written for a movie? Try watching "The Darkest Hour"
good point. To me, the Philly Fed report coming out tomorrow is a much better indication of health of state's economy.
It's hard to see racism when your white.
#FF #followartist Amazing portraits and figurative artist! Please follow
You should probably take that pic down, seeing as how your friend's social security number is up at the top for all to see.
Tax returns don't mean a thing, it's not important,it's personal. Question why's Romney not released his.? $57,000 a day w/o explanation ?
then gimme one! wuz the deal
ABC's "The #Bachelorette" debuts tonight! What delicious treats are you having at your viewing party?
If you like Justin Bieber's song "Boyfriend" follow me On ITunes
Thanks for thinking of us... We're moving on Aug. 13, had to delay due to shoulder issues...
Sitting in the the suburban imaging office w/my gf & I'm so disappointed in the WAY overweight staff! PUT THE FORK DOWN!
How exciting-- I so admire his work.
If you follow me to just get a follow then leave me I will find out period, so don't waste your time!!!
Do you like seeing the boyz reunited again? does it bring back memories from Season 6?
lol! Your too much fun hahaha
cause today i swear im not doing anything
Off to Arizona
So what did u do at maddies?
Here comes the biggest update to since our launch!
RT Everyone give a big tweep to for a stellar lunch and learn. Please RT.
The Spider-Man trailer looks MUCH better than the original three films...AND more exciting than the Avengers...better SFX too
Just got it, looking forward
My all time favorite song is always gonna be Cactus In The Valley by lights. Most people might not get it, but I do.Completely
yeah, that's awesome! Lucky!
If I bumped in to you by happenstance, you probably wouldnt even know who I am. But if I whispered your name, I bet there'd still be a spark
sorry for the late response but it's okay. How have you been?
Are any of them Kermit-flailing?!
GIRL WALK // ALL DAY: a bunch of fun to watch, made me want to dance and live as a NYC hipster ballerina. I got chills several times.
so i was looking at on of Tyler the Creator's tweets and i found this hilarious guy name steve omg! so funny. looks like a pedophile
Tina Fey looks GREAT tonight - one of her better looks
Thank you for the follow! Happy to
Watching #SHAHS on
I'm not suree :/ you should go when they have a show planned! :D
Mac or Win? Is there a tab open w/ your RefWorks account? Check to see if there's a Last Imported box there.
Emancipator radio on spotify is spot on.
B.J. Daniels has the "C" word on his jersey!
I wanna catch up with u sometime. Been a long time!
Heh, I love those. Nice to meet you - we made it!
Good morning, what a gorgeous sunny day.
Going to buy a new puppy for mothers day(: a 2 pound chihuahua!! :P I love you mommy<33
Man... Do you remember last year at this time?? Just before kickoff....
It's funny that the media say the term "Obamacare" is a pejorative. If folks liked #hcr, the President would be wearing it like a badge.
Indeed. We're looking forward to seeing you there!
kk sounds good, im going to start now...possibly lol
Thanks for following! Have an amazing 2012
thought I'd better tweet. Attending a social media seminar sponsored by CLIA at the Travel Agent Forum in Miami.
it REALLY does help. it's like the authors know exactly what you're thinking & feeling. LOVE YOU!!!
The song is KRAZY!!!...Thanks for your talent and time...God Bless YOU!!
Follow me?(:
Thanks for pointing us to ! Buddah Bowl & kombucha were the best-ever things post-road trip. (And beer. That, too.)
CSS Jacksonville is looking for a Paralegal with a strong background in Consumer Finance $50,000 - $60,000.
Humans share about 50% of their DNA with bananas. -- WTFCrazyFacts ()
are u not on facebook anymore?
Anderson~ thank you. For many things, but most especially for correctly using "jibe," not "jive." MWAH!
It's tough to work at what you love when you have to worry about school in the morning :/
#3 seed in March Madness, that's good by me. Hoya Saxa!
#Rangers are bitches have fun getting the shit beat out of you
Lattuca & Stark: "The specific framework used to guide course design activities is less important than...engaging in reflection & analysis."
Cognitive Styles (Object-Spatial Imagery and Verbal Questionnaire, OSIVQ) -- not learning styles. Hmm, must find out more. #NEASC11 Chabris
France is not in :'(
might as well come up w/ a new motto "stick em up." neoliberalism creates probs it purports 2 solve. econmy will create grtr disparities
its Sad alot of the times, I think he only notices his fan groups:(
Mess Up My 💄 .... Don't Ruin My Mascara
Hi John - thanks for the kudos! If you're at #CES in January, please stop-by the #ZOMM pod in the new products showcase.
Have a blast skiing! I've got to hit the slopes soon, its been awhile. About Tuesday, possibly...not sure.
oh good idea! ok..maybe that instead
I pooped a hammer.
ha! I listened to the green album a few months back
Montel Williams on tonight, so right about American Politics now. "We can do better"!
Happy Birthday Aaliyah you will be truly missed (1979-2001). Do Not Forget with out Dr. Martin Luther King we would not be where we are. Luv
TRUST. It's a bit more than a word & it takes two to make it work.
Everyone play Diablo I, I hate you.
Running tech support for Preparing for the Worst: Disaster Planning for High Density Storage. We've got compact shelving.
River Jones hosts National Local every Monday night at 8pm on ! Submit MP3' for the show!
Weather machine is on today for
have fun w/ this weekend Chicago - he just tore #minnesota to pieces!
Sweeett!! I'm from IL. that school is like 3 hours form me i think!
I knew that was going in. KNEW it.
Good morning lovelys off to school.
everybody looking for me one thing about i aint looking for them, fuck u pay me
what did it say?
Don't forget to get your entry in for the Isotopes Tickets, deadline tonight. Winner tomorrow.
RT : When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry: show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
..desrve !!! See you on stage again very soon !!!
DM me your contact info so we can chat!
Long Beach police officer arrested in child porn case
Are you planning on visiting LA??
Post two phrases using the reflexive by answering this question Cosa fai la mattina ? Last TWITTER HW.
Tiger Woods and the cut line for #WellsFargo championship #UHOH :D
Nope i was watching them sing. I did Area Codes By Luda tho. Lmao
dont get mad atme cause Allis perfect & your not. Thats your own problem.
Thanks so much! The NN is a book on creative writing (which is what I teach at Miami U of Ohio). Appreciate the kind words!
We're worse off when #anthonyweiner doesn't serve in Congress and #gilbertgottfried doesn't voice a duck. Darn you, #twitterverse !!
Bullet holes in the window of the light rail car I'm riding on.
Come on where is the bone jarring head butt in extra time this World Cup.
Blue and #OrangeFriday! Lets go ! Appreciate your team spirit y is my boss wearing all pink though?
A2. Perception is often fueled by poor communication or lack thereof. Different volunteer groups have varying purposes & goals
My picks for #Derby are Alpha and Gemologist. Long shots: El Padrino and Prospective.
This Boston game boring waiting on this OKC LA joint!!
Hello Everybody!
Mazel tov to all runners who raised more than $200,000 for Blue Card for #Holocaust survivors
I wanna go hunting for the Boyz tomorrow.. Wait, I can't. I LIVE IN FUCKING NARNIA.
Amber Rose seems a little thirsty..First the "leaked" photos of her poppin' her thang. Now she publicly blasts The reigning Queen of...
we haven't signed up yet, we will tonight!
silicon valley designers: who's your favorite print shop/vendor? need a good reference.
SO ADORABLE
that was amazing...and i don't even care that my bracket is screwed. clearly, i need to go buy a norfalk state t-shirt.
it's good to connect w/ you.If you're ever in Nashville & want a guided tour of our finer honky tonk establishments,let me know.
No. Please do not bring Facebook-esque games to Twitter. I just got invited to join the 140Mafia. No. Not this. Never. Please no. Why? No.
Im still trippin off that camel toe song
Celebrating my birthday today. Best way to do that? Drinking with friends. Yipee! Also counting down days to birth of my daughter--Oct. 8!
If you are in Austin and interested in being part of the leadership of Motion Picture Professionals of Austin, please tweet at or message us
Man, both love scene with Claudia Jordan & Natalie Nunn for the "STALKER" film are really hot! I will have leak some video real soon
In the grand scheme of things, it's not very many. There aren't many places where they can survive the cold weather.
Fun stuff! I haven't seen graffiti in our library - they just break chairs, take labels off of books, and turn books spine to shelf.
I'm out here having foursomes with me , her , Molly and Mary
gahhh thats exactly when i go out of town :( ill let you know of some other live music you can catch! Bummer!
wow!!! Well good luck on the new location!! We need to hit the lake asap
Thank you for reaching out to me on LinkedIn. I look forward to hearing from your colleagues tomorrow.
oh hahaha I was gonna say your parents rock! Still hilarious, I wonder if it's actually real?
just came from skateboarding
IT'S OUR LAST CHANCE! We need YOUR VOTE EVERY DAY in Jan.! We are currently NUMBER 188. We need to stay in the top 1 or 2 .WE NEED YOUR...
The Embarrassing moment when you realize that person wasn't waving at you.
no where can you get it?
Yes, tomorrow I'll be running most of it where we test our own cell phones with the meters.
What a crazy year...
Hey #OWS, the EPA is a money-hole that does NOTHING & Global Warming is a Club of Rome lie. Make election trouble for Neo-Cons, not Ron Paul
Stop leaving me. When will you be back?
Let's tinychat :D
ThMorUKno:The book of Revelation is as much (or more) a political statement as religious.
I don't know if you have the Southwest Ding! app, but flights MKE to Kansas City are $69 each way of booked by 6:15 CDT today...
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
woah, all of sudden my phone decides to blow up with texts..? uhhmm..(:
Sixpence None the Richer is the greatest band of all time.
The #Brewers HR binge continues as Hart hits his second in as many days (6th of season). That makes 7 HR's in 13 innings for the Crew.
and joes to big of a jerk Haha(;
and Peter Maxx?!? I am curious to say the least.
ha I think we both will.
Radical! Judging by how things are, I'm sure there will be no shortage of topics to investigate.
maybe if it's sushi.
Every block but ours in about a 20-block radius was without power this afternoon. How did we escape it? We're the baby Jesus's faves.
WOW – Our Talent Coach and Producer, Jill Machen, has a show currently running, check it out at the JCC in Squirrel Hill!
Two hour drive from the Ga Dome.. Get up to go to work @ 7am... Rain out... GO PACK GO
Going to to my work Christmas party. White elephant gift exchange should be pretty fun :)
Yes Murray County water has it ALL!!! No need to cross state lines! 
Thanks for the RT. Love that quote. Revs me up to face feared things first.
Call Me Maybe's on the radio in TX!! #somethingnew <3
Brand new shirt to the brand new drawls
Sausage, egg and cheese McGriddle to start off the early morning.
Thanks for the RT about Stitches by David Small.
Need help w/ your Sunday projects? Our locations are open 7 days a week for all your cooling & A/C needs. Nobody's cooler than #Naughtons!
SO glad she didn't come over tonight. I'm chilling, though.......
Being so tired that you cannot sleep is a cruel, cruel joke.
If we didn't believe the unbelievable, what would happen to faith?-Love is a Many Splendored Thing
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
and that's what makes it wonderful (except for Dub Step, Ted Nugent, and Boston)
My "Pro Sports Biz" class vetted "character" of 30 potential #NFLDraft picks. Top: Stephon Gilmore. Bottom: Janoris Jenkins
I said I'm over you but ever time me phone vibrates I still wish it's a text from you.
I want to go to the beach tomorrow. Someone take me :)
Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy my work
Aww, hugs! *sniffles* Thanks for your tweet support :) From me to you as well!
RT : Nyc friends! A friend of mine needs to move ASAP. Anyone know of an apt for rent or sublet? Thanks in advance!
worst/favorite school subject?
Procrastinators: Leaders of Tomorrow” – Unknown
my name must taste so good cause it's always in somebody's mouth ;)
What a proud papa! :)
love you too, so glad we 'tried new places' last night ;) can't wait for the weekend!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Republican Victory. Government benefits REDUCED! LOL
Counting down the moments until freedom
How? Like tear everything down? Is there was a 'reset' button or something. Uninstall/Reinstall type of thing??
I don't even like Sunday roast so I don't know why I always stay in on a Sunday just for it
Thanks! We're all very excited about it.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.- Thomas Jefferson
correct, and FB is not a mobile company, which is a big blind spot going forward
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Listening to "Have You Forgotten?", by Darryl Worley
nobody to chat with ..til now  and ain't nun to do at my house“: why?”
#LazyFact 7256452565156897 You were too lazy to read that number.
K bye.
Whoop! Mine is actually next year right after LeakyCon. I'll add you to the guest list if you want. xD
we was tweeting each other 23 minutes ago?
121,791 on stars at 10:30pm est. Yikes. I wish i could be one of those tho.
this is a nice fish, big fucking eyes, but a nice fucking fish.
have a good new year. Can't wait for your return
Finally, President Callaway comes clean with her birth certificate.
Judge me only if you're perfect, thanks.
#GETAUSTINTOTOPTEN <3 He deserves it! :D
Obama, Cantor, Inches away, yet may as well be miles.
what are they serving in the press box tonight? #pulledpork? #mahimahi? #cremebrulee?
Quote of the day: If you don't like something #change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it
beet greens with tofu is on their menu for this evening!
Happy Birthday JB(:
Happy #Tuesday who is ready for the work day to be over?
haha im just hating
y do u hate everyone
I miss hearing about kevin!
Lets go NY Red Bulls!
asked a guy 2 marry me. He left. U think it was b/c I'm desperate or b/c I 8 a tub of hagen daz and am lactose intolerant?
If anyone had Richardson going 3rd in 's contest doesn't know football. Which means they have better chance of winning than I do.
I love it!!! You are awesome! Thank you for listening in!!
Today is a Marvin Gaye day.
AT TRAFFIC COURT COP'S TOOK MY CAR...BOUT TO GET IT BACK ....STILL MOVING%CAN'T STOP THA ROLL%
An 84" TV? Well, damn. o-o
Don't you mean TAFKAP?
Insulin resistance is a symptom. We are not biologically designed for the modern diet that is mostly starch.
let's hang
sure sure... I'll still think long and hard before I have one.
My first ride with last night made me feel like a million bucks. Awesome service.
Go #Cowboys!!!! and... #18 of course! :) Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
that's right! Moo it up.
-1st Commandment of Martyism-“: It's always awesome if you can pull off getting laid and drunk food in the same night.”
I think all the people on these tv shows are just fake.
awaiting audio confirmation.
May this Valentine’s Day be filled with love, understanding, and contentment as you journey through life with those you hold dear
you can get away w/o the huge amts of debt. Knowing that you should at least think about it before blindly doing it is half
#StupidNamesForGroups one direction
the secrets that find their way to the grave are the anchors that have pulled you there in the first place. <3 bri
Envy me, rate me, hate me. Either way you ain't me! 
The focus of museums must be on the learners of all ages and must me the needs of communities in changing environments. Webwise
the reason the sixers won last night was randomness. it depended on so many factors that it was a coin flip.
Los Angeles bridge project cruising toward finish; officials consider reopening 405 freeway early
I might cook up some beets. ..so I can say, "My beets are cooking" and a variety of other puns. I've got a pun in the oven.
#middlefingerup to society for having healthy foods 3 times more expensive than fat foods
A from one of Mr favorites, .Thanks for the TotD!
Nope! Your kind of close though...it can be seen from the patios
Trying to come up with examples of student music-related projects...going to "assign" group projects for choir this year.
This Day in Blues History: Blues artist W.C. Handy was born William Christopher Handy November 16, 1873, in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.
#WeWontWork if you just wasting time
fine. You win
Today's highlight was the Chipotle copycat guacamole recipe.
Named Diners' Choice Winner for Best Food, Best Overall, Best Service based on OpenTable user reviews for #NM &
Too many impatience ppl early this morning... Mutha fuckers back off!!
Well goodnite u SILLY chickas i love u all even though i dont know u personly but i would like too but im going too bed cuz its late in FL
good stuff. Great job
#timewarner slowing down here in Santa Monica ....
Designer bodymod human genitals into living Cuttlefish.
OH: You're a marketing hipster. "I read about that campaign when it was underground.".
i wish you could pick your seats in ticketmaster and see which are available :( i hate that its like a lottery -_-
Hieber's is open on Saturdays from 9am to 12pm
Oh man! I'll be thinking about you that day!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2.
65 today time to bust out the grill
The NBA becomes part of a Hollywood script in there. Spielberg production.
Today has flown by
Not only was it a fantastic YA National Conference, it was great having all that FAB YA energy in #Baltimore!
Working on all of yesterdays shoots and getting ready to go shoot a Salon.
No, I have not heard about this. Do you have a link?
I love the smell of Starbucks ^_^
where r u
#2011musictaughtme that music isn't as meaningful as it was back then
yes i know(:
Shaka Turkey Day!!!
The piano man just played crocodile rock, made my night!
Coming soon: Our updated client list! Lots of great things are in the works and we're happy to be involved!
With Coldest Night done I'm back to Patrick Melrose, w/ Bad News. It's like settling down with a beloved and very screwed up old friend.
Thanks for slamming your locker on my fingers today .. -___-
AFTER MY FATHER'S FUNNERAL IN 2007 MY MAMA TOLD ME I COULD GO BACK 2 TN BUT NO I STAYED HERE IN MI BUT MOVED 2 DETROIT
Getting my new MacBook today!!! Then it's class all day today... Yes, I have a class on a Saturday.
Great Working Tips! (This Applies to Everyone) When it coems to work, you should create a work e-mail to seperate from your personal e-mail.
yea its almost as good as mine don't you think? Lmao
park..basketball..watch some diego shows :) what's yall did?
that felt good!! Get out and push your body today, do something you're gonna feel good about.
Hopefully this clipper mephis gm is better than the onslaught
I'll be making a stop action movie with Lego Superheros at Beer & Blog today. Be at the Green Dragon between 4:30 and 6 and you can help.
Lol I guess
“There’s nothing wrong with taking good care of yourself. .....
The crisis is NOT #socialsecurity as but the private investment system says Dr. Carroll Estes
Not today- Mara Liasson! Scott Horsley, cast of thousands
I'm tired. You can take the winning. I'm so tired of drawing circles.
Nervous for tomorrow /:
I understand it's a big deal to a lot of people, but the way it's being presented is wrong.
Tonight! Our first show in Cleveland featuring a special guest + performances by Pictora and Parallels. Starts at 10 p.m. sharp @ Happy Dog!
Terrific all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ & Soon Doobu soup at Kaya, 68th & Sheridan. Cool new young owners,name soon.
#1 Window Coverings Franchise Creates New Division to Meet the Needs of Commercial Clients (PRWeb May 18, 2012) Read the full story at ht
If someone throws Skittles at you and shouts "TASTE THE RAINBOW!", throw a Happy Meal at them and shout "I'M LOVIN' IT!"
What is this? What's going on with ?
I've grown to love features that are like a tab that can be snapped off at a moments notice.
Veggie? Carnivore?
Can't wait till 150 I'm smokin a plane
great article claire
It turned out to be a sunny #summerfriday in #DTLA. Working on our summer sale details, stay tuned! www.eyecandyfashion.net/
Happy Birthday to my brother Daniel!:)
Today's the day! A.T. Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry & Oral Health groundbreaking ceremony starts at 10:30. Please join us!
RT : I am very moody today. Thunders will come....
My point exactly lol jk I'm working RT : tequila makes her clothes, fall off
I'm sick of candy, I need some BBQ!
Intervention all night
before they outlaw the kiss baby give me one last hug
Publishers/agents claim they want works of the 'utmost quality'. Hard to take 'em seriously with "Fifty Shades of Grey" on the shelves.
SPECIAL REPORT: People who follow are extremely intelligent & good looking.
Constantly having a smile on my face. >
btw Thanks for the shout out! Hope you guys like DaddySwag.com cc:
You are my #hero! Thank you soo much!
thanks for always thinking of us and "All things start somewhere..."
What's there to disagree with. Not sure The Donald is Prez material, but he's spot on much of the time!
RT I was so leaning towards that. Team Thai tea❥ / Yes :) #TeamThaiTea now I want one .
Watching The BET Awards!
Also who wants to help us out with a contest that we entered? It's for some music video fun times! Details to be announced soon. Get ready.
Ladies and gentlemen you potential republican nominee. It's newt time. bit.ly/AgGdm6
well tell that mother fucker MIT to let me at their school in your mother fucker video with ur mother fucker PJ ok :))??
don't worry about it stupid
Okay Denver who's got cabin fever? Time to dig out and head down to our 50% off sale!
yes lets go!
radio songs suck. artists that only make singles aren't artists. go cop OF volume 2!!!!!
It's Super Bowl Squares season & we want to poll everyone available...What is the best payout structure for 1st, 2nd, 3rd, & 4th Qrts via %?
3 more weeks until summer! Can't wait<3
I have somebody that treats me like a gueen but I love my Mr wrong
nah were in the finals. But have to beat the other team twice
Did you see that the Orioles beat the Yankees 7-1 yesterday? They've had their best start in a long time this year.
hey are you looking to trade for that tokina 11-16mm? Is it an EF mount?
Sad day in Eagles Nation - Brian Dawkins, a true legend (& my favorite pro athlete of all-time) is retiring.
I'm shivering D:
lmao u see them nipples ahahaha
Same experience here at
but i would give it back...lol
incredible. Paul Humbler. perfect game
NFL=WWE! These players just need to stfu and play the damn game or retire. Opinions are like buttholes, EVERYONE got one! NHL>NFL
my sentiments exactly. Is it bad I'm dozing off too?
Morning Farmers..come by this morning & choose from one of our new strains; Grand Reserve HB, Pineapple Express, J-1, Querkle, & many more!
Disneyland opens up secret restaurant – for a price - OCRegister
San Francisco Giants - TeamReport - Chicago Tribune
TV shows are like novels for modern day society. To bad TV takes the imagination outta the equation.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! A
Today’s accomplishments are but a stepping stone to tomorrow’s successes.
i guess so.
That is one class act! What a godly man of integrity.
Thanks for the retweet!
Are you really tryna fuck with me now? Even if its a joke...
nope I was 3rd out but he kept me there until 11 and then I rolled an hour worth of silverwear! Go figure -___-
He stopped talking to you because your not attraciive, not because I told him you were fat im pretty sure he can see that himself anyways(:
You can experience explosive power in your life by learning how to focus.
My mom told me to follow my dreams, so I took a nap.
Thanks! Much appreciated!
“: ok soo you're tatted the FUCK up...so now what happens?” lol right
Irv Gordon has driven almost 3 million miles in his '66 Volvo—proof that it pays to treat your car like a pet (including frequent washes)!
I like that song
Standing in line for prints has become how I spend my free time.
The Seven:Tangled Webs opens tomorrow! Don't forget to get your tickets and check out all the awesome Savor Abq events! We're excited!
Successful bday dinner party for Liz, no one took pics because they were too busy eating
Lipstick found. Halfway to human.
Bob Brackett talking about the #wickedproblem of designing food which scales to feeding 9 billion people.
It was wonderful hearing your story at #smbmsp. Inspirational. Thank you!
- I wonder what the dungeon master looks like?
#FF Follow to get info on free Simon Fashion Now runway shows (tonight and tomorrow).
Why did I think 1 90 minute #dogwalk in the park was enough? Routine dictates a #dogwalk before dinner. My waistline is loving it.
#millionhoodiemarch just saw 3 vans full of cops headed toward the march - after the police bus. careful y'all.
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St. Clement of Alexandra
Most business folks I meet truly seem to believe there's not much value in looking any more than 6-12 months out. Interesting
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
yay!!! Welcome to the harper fam! :) I think this calls for the exciting bio change.
Time for bed....
but its smart in a way too, if it was a weekend there would be riots for those wristbands! :/
Good Morning #bravesfam and
I'm ready for #Harbringers & #ArcherAndArmstrong . My comic list is not looking so sparse anymore
FUCK One Direction
New commercials from They'll be on time? Hah. If I told my boss I'd be at work between 8 and 12 I'd always be on time too!
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say �I
Does anyone have my copy of Yes Means Yes? Or do I need to buy another copy? There are worse fates than spreading good books into the world
I'm so drunk I can speak fluent Ozzy Osbourne
Nope. The old one is back.
best tasting theater fundraising idea ever. But 's got this in the bag. Be afraid, be very afraid.
Great moment ruined by someone who is to impatient to fucking wait for me
Trying to get my kids to eat anything "new" for dinner is like watching an episode of toddler FEAR FACTOR. the faces, the gagging. Amazing.
Thomas I tinroduced my friend to ICONic Boyz and she calls you her husband isnt it cute Reply soo I can tell her
Happy Mother's Day Mom I love you <3
And if they think of something, then maybe they should take that energy and focus on something more inportant, like i don't know, syria?
im my own boss plus im my own nigga -i make orders - i don't take orders from no nigga
humm is that BEP "The Time" Dirty Bit?
Thank you!
in ma space shuttle and im not coming down im not coming back this time
Sticker packs at your local shop soon.
"Woggle means White in Australia."
Promo vids are available with great graphics on the templates for the logos!
great win by the Commonwealth Academy varsity boys basketball team last night. real team effort. proud of each player and coach. go Cougars!
Check out and #WoolOverMyEyes. Give him a follow!
Illig: Cerner will continue to invest in Kansas City, on both sides of the state line.
I am going to be your personal stylist!
Had best gift-giving experience ever today seeing look of surprise on face of when he unwrapped his #iPad. Made my day.
Just one of those late nights were everybody is sleep and your bored 😒
Hustle everyday...follow me
ah I feel dumb now, I def. over complicated that when I was trying to figure it out.
chef? I thought he was running for lieutenant governor of Louisiana hm
Broadway and Craycroft area, at the Target
aw that does suck:(
The Church in U.S. remains silent about the mass incarceration of Blacks becos it is very racialized. But Jesus Cares & sees the hypocrisy.
Women anxious about their banned PIP breast implants should be able to have them removed by whoever fitted them, the government says.
V-necks >
Boston was so beautiful today...CT is a rainy mess!
29 bottles of great looking wine dropped off for our tasting tonight...getting excited!
At Billy Elliot the Musical. And whaddyaknow, it's actually a lot o'fun. Who knew?
#IHOP serves over 30 menu items with less then 600 calories.
It's incredible how quickly one's schedule can fill up for the summer!
I love newsmaps.jp - one of the best news visualization examples I have seen
when the boyz go back = new ICONiacz ?
RT Oh just another day of classes then starting to lose weight and get toned! oh yeah
#mix actually not zombies, just the homeless
Good to be home, but now I don't know what to do with myself.
GORGE 2013. WE JUST SAID IT SO IT MUST BE REAL.
I think he's done on First Take. Blindsided Skip on live TV. Very uncool.
Eyes are gettin' heavier.
Can we please stop calling vegetables "veggies"?
Thanks & for following ! Looking forward to tweeting!
~Bangin A Italian Beef Right Now..!
We're living large on our ferry in the middle of the Irish sea. After disembarking, we will explore the giants causeway in northern Ireland.
Ok, who wants to see Mitt plant a big wet one on Newt's lips ? We all know they're really gay for each other...
ever CAtch yourself in a lie then stop AND TELL THE TRUTH dumbb people
“: My game needs a lil more hustle. Been too nonchalant lately.” samesies.
boy:ok i want this.girl:i want this,no i want this,wait i do this,no i go back to this.boy:come on already just pick one.girl:ok,i want all
True True
“: im not worth u making yourself look like an ass”
Rembering 9/11 This day is important as our show is about remembering a village annihilated by terror and fear - Lidice. Lidice basta.
Okay, so is it the same login information as last time? Can't wait to converse with you all...
^__^ @ getting a shoutout when i diddn't even ask.
Nice and references by on 's Monday Night Raw. Dude had the Consul Energy Center crowd fired up.
Before ppl start coming at my head. You right Im not a OKC fan #BullsNation all the way but I'm not a Laker fan either so Fuck them lol
So. Sore. And it's only going to be worse tomorrow :(
I just know it's gonna be sunny tomorrow.... in Portland
@ excellent overview of the time but repetitive for Tudor enthusiasts. Weir's research is impeccable.
follow back cuz'
best. gift. ever.
Yeah it may be on now. My brother just said he,s watching it now. It comes on twice though
looking forward to trying on sunday!
Home to multitudes, Birthing foxes & midges, Their woods is now logged.
People in their SUVs are so dainty going over a speed bump. Only time I feel alive in my 4-cylinder Camry is showing those bumps who's boss.
Gotta keep my head held high.
Duff Man, hooking up Ginsy in his time of need, supporting a budding alcoholic!
still continue to perservere because you keep your eyes on the prize.
thanks. Just emailed. Trying to switch fr dropbox for greater size, sync PLUS backup, and, mostly, actual encryption on your end
I missed it too. Maybe when we're in separate time zones we can coordinate our schedules to view and discuss
I think so man. I see so many people talking about it! So many pinheads! Lol
still thinking.... uh... ok Strawberry short cake!!
I have no doubt you will carry this Cross with strength and dignity. I'll be here if you need me.
Weather is such an easy excuse for us not to carryout our daily goals. How do you combat that mindset?
Get back to work! I may have to drop by later...maybe": I feel like trollin but I'm gonna be cool.....lol"
Can't wait for #boyfriend to come.out 10 more days:P
after which is only an hr away or go to NJ on 7/5 & 7/6 since is gold. is up to you? Which ever 3 you want to go with go?
Last night was an awesome show! Much respect for our boys from Fight the Quiet!!!! Love you guys!
LOL! I'm moving on to play ! Any good receivers you want to put on waivers for me? Just don't tell Train...
make this your best Tuesday...
are you excited for #BoyzHitDallas ?
- Amanda! Welcome to twitter!
It's imperative that everyone wishes a happy birthday today
I done played the game so long I was convinced caint nobody win this shit
Ah. I usually assume it's that until told otherwise.
All because of me RT . is now 2nd on Twitter among teams. Well done #PatriotsNation - keep it going
Habits retain a major noteworthy advantage over instincts. With cociouse attention you can alter or replace them.
like your show
Here we go again...
Seperating rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
this is crazy in so many ways. Congrats!!
DC alums. Come check out the World Learning/SIT booth Forum 2012.
No freaking way
Jan 70, 000 LA HOMELESS HOUSE THEM NOW!BUY MORE HOUSING SOLUTION! HOUSING is a human need like food . thank you
Leave it to Johnny Damon to screw up our amazing inning.
4 points looks like 4 billion right about now.
Watching the NFL draft as the 2nd round ends. It feels about time to hear LaMichael James, Oregon Ducks, called.
Have a great weekend everyone!
RT : Producers Carl Beverly & Sarah Timberman score 2 out of 3 new dramas on CBS schedule. Amazing. Congrats Carl!
Fellas, make sure the girl finishes before you do. ~
yeah, I knew it wasn't a "big deal" but Anglos in the US will find any excuse to get drunk midday...
You guess!
Shaving your eyebrows off and drawing them back on was an amazing idea,!
- so true
Check in RADIO AND SHOUT U OUT
Thanks Lyndsey and Dustin for the #FF! Go CATS!!
am listening to Coast to Coast AM & will never fall asleep now. far too interested:)
The people who make a difference are not the ones with the credentials, but the ones with the concern. -Max Lucado
got new#
Discovery the secret.... www.sofiafellini.com
Read up in our Jenkins and I'm liking it the more I read as well. Diggin today's pick. Was hoping for Lewis to go w/ Aldon...
you mean to tell me I came all this way and you're going to deprive me of the gastonomic goodness of Manor Arms?!
Loving getting to hear from Kim and Krickett, the true love story of The Vow, today at work. Truly an inspirational family.
Rise in late payments in multifamily has spawned a 36 basis point jump in delinquencies in commercial mortgage-backed securities, says Fitch
My tummy hurts >.<
If you need immediate business coaching call us at 1-888-522-0832
I second that!
Done and done.
Mumblecore was our final week, kind of like a "So what's next?" section.
RT : 'Grey's Anatomy' strong in return: TV News: ABC hits Thursday season high, wins night over reruns...
RT : save the earth - it is the only planet with chocolate
Thanks :P
#Angrybirds have taken over the Envida Office!
And another reason we both changed the TT, from #YouCuteAndAll to You're and you are (Meaning the same thing) (Cont.)
Anybody who had ever read the book new they were composite characters because its stated upfront.
Tell someone you love them today because life is short. But shout it in aggressive German, because life is also scary and confusing.
Well done is better than well said!
Let's make it law... who will enforce?
this is the picture angle I've been wanting to take for weeks. Great shot!
saw you taking a big pull on St. Vrain rd on last lap. Good on ya Dirk.
Owning it! Positively owning it
Oy! That's going through our household too right now -- Feel better! RT Sniffling, sneezy mess today.
That's why no one likes you :P
RT : Saper views DJing as a way of "reading" music (like skipping around in a book)
Listening to the #Smash soundtrack before it comes on in 50 min.
or moreover, you never let them feel like their were "a mark" to begin with until there is no recourse, not even need for cooling.
Teaching on the 1st Tabernacle and it's 7 pieces of furniture! Tomorrow~~part 1
& what would that be?(:
your not allowed to eat. You should starve.
ooh, I don't know! What is CAVE?? Sounds Platonic.
Hell of a shot from him. Hell of a 3!
You're not the first person to think that today : you and phil kind of look alike.
Who woke ?
Thank you everyone for the outpouring of good wishes & support yesterday! You all helped contribute to GROSVENOR SQUARE's successful debut!
omg just drop the kid, he's obviously not a good friend
Just had one asking the first name of my youngest sibling. Totally gettable.
Happy Friday. Be sure to tell someone today just how much they matter to you!!! Acknowledgement WORKS!!
This bit act like my Ex #MarriageChronicles ..
Special flavor for father's day. Thank your dad for all he does. Vanilla and Chocolate Swirl- yum!
Target, like, two years ago! And the DMV wasn't actually that bad. Make an appointment!
Went roadium recording diggin today. Realized alot of mexi words r d same as cebuano in regards to bartering. Thaxs king philip
I like every thing i guess but mostly Robert
“: Amazing that Train still has time to tour & also be the official house band in the 9th circle of hell.” HA but I love that song
It was the bomb-diggity, yo. ;)
No problem, Alexx...any time
Yes I've achieved Total Destruction in Angry Birds Original, Seasons and Rio ... 3 stars in every game, why?
now you have your own list.
Nice gig, Kent! You will be excellent, no doubt in my mind -share your slides afterward online? - hope you're well :)
Um , do we got problem ?.
Celtics got lucky
Sometimes I get to thinking like "Is there anyone out there that's not full of shit?"
The sun is way too bright.
Just sitting here thinking and idk... This ain't good 😣💔
Where are you? lol.
thank you for following our team! Look forward to reading your tweets!
i have quite a few of them, even avila
ultimate I'LL FIND YOU
RT People don't say things out of anger. That's usually how they've been feeling the entire time
No. I LOVE THAT SONG. I just really have alot of respect for and I'd hate to ruin his song.
I love writing poetry on my sweet time
So rooting for Christine!!!
My #junewish is to finally have some friends on here! Ex-cuh-use me! Does no one want to #roleplay?
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities. Wanna talk?
Looks like the sun is finally coming out enjoy your weekend!!
that's my daily routine!
As a former student of Steve Arch, is it weird that I have no love for Cooper?
lmfaooo I'll say something and be like oh, ugh awkward *high pitch voice* lmao
My kids love playing on my apps! Any educational ones that you recommend?
#nw one of the best Behind The Musics...NAS.
Rockstar Energy drink and chocolate pudding for lunch. (I mostly stopped drinking Rockstar back when they sued Vermonster beer.)
My friend and my phone calls are so weird
Work late. Pass out before catching any of the Bulls. Wake up. Watch "New York, I Love You." (Enjoyable music, btw.) Pay dearly tmrw. *sigh*
Mary Roach, author of Stiff: the Curious Lives of Human Cadavers. wrote one word in her notes: BADASS. I agree.
i am eatin chips with dip
No comment but I think you'll both dig and be surprised.
meat bath!!!
#Quote Difficulties mastered are opportunities won. ~ Winston Churchill
I'm thinking Wookie was pegged in the asexual category and wanted to change minds.
“: It's pretty much impossible to dislike a #Libra. They bring the good vibes to any situation.” true.
Is there any reason you wouldn't connect with someone on #LinkedIn? Unless they're spamming. But do you really have to know them?
RT : Catch & in Krista Amigone's Anna Abock- FINALS tonight at one-act festival!
THANK YOU!
i would like to know you
#TipsForLadies think classy not bad bitch
9AM I'm teaching the High School/College about "Living Water" 10:45AM we are starting w/ 2 week Ecclesia series! Get there tomorrow!
3 days away from seeing some of my favorite people on the planet...eeeekkkkk!
no :( its journey from Tennessee got delayed.
One boat wait on Edmonds-Kingston ferry right now.
You hear Sully, Burke, and Meyers Leonard all declared? Plus Nix might be kicked off, wide open league
You are nuttier than that squirrel shit.
Whoop Whoop!!!!! RT : Shit Detroit got a good ass song from ! One of my favs!!
DSM psychiatry has gone down path of miscasting behavioral disorders as diseases to pt harm. "Perspectives of Psychiatry" shld be read by IM
If all goes well I will be prototyping a new line of gaming counters this week. :)
These Popeyes commercials are so fucking racist. And hilarious.
RIP, Vidal Sassoon. For a while, you had my favorite hair products.
Listening to Who Will Comfort Me by Melody Gardot. Sweet brushwork, tasty drums, swinging horns and the incredible M-Voice
What #oomf just text me... Smmfh some straight bullshit.
Follow ortsHound◀〗and to gain follwers! ╔☆ shout out! Promo
Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. 2 Peter 3:13
@ hospital with dad. Great sunny day in NJ! Fireworks tonight in Hoboken.
There are only two reasons why guys can hurt you. 1. You really care about them. 2. They don't really care about you.
Of course! U r a very sexy cool #WHOA! babydoll & dont u ever forget it beautiful! XOXO
Yeah. I'm helping them out :/
I wonder y people wonder
Girl : take the condom off , Boy : Why? , Girl : YOLO , Boy : OK but if you get pregnant YOYO , Girl : What's YOYO? , Boy : YOU ON YOUR OWN
I'm gonna be late to work but I can't leave this game!!!
IM HAPPY <333
OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Just saw a hawk divebomb some unsuspecting pigeons. Right on nature, right on.
Never heard Chris Martin so out of pitch . ha ha
he got Shawarma: the food of superheroes!
RT : On the way to to hear some awesome Iberican funk by none other than my homie !
Love Church and 's heart for growth.
Finally Zimmerman is arrested. That's all people wanted since February. The rest you leave up to the system.
sounding good dude I added some dub ;) I'll send you a link later tonight
You're the only other person that I know can bond with me over skipping school all the fucking time.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers, soon to be mothers, and spiritual mothers in the world!
Smart? Strange think to say.
☼ Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
It's March! Best month of the year is here!
#hairtip Brush your hair before washing it to remove dirt and get rid of knots.
Dear Shitty People: Shut The Fuck Up and Go Away. Sincerely, The Rest of Us.
Faculty need to explicitly communicate relevance to students or they're likely to miss it.
kids in bed, on a break from doing some work...why am I watching X-Factor? Glutton for punishment I guess.
be strong.
RT : The new Forever the Sickest Kids video is like, identical to the Fastest Kid Alive video. Hmm. Thats ironic. FTSK, TFKA.
tix and food.
Thank the Lord that AP is over! now econ i gotta worry about
cover this week is a classic
I'm #editing something I wrote yesterday, and came across this #word: "sophistification." Use it today, and impress. It's on me.
Feels like Friday...
bahaha I meant love. dad gum auto correct.
“ I can't wait to get a new tv. I miss the vidja gaymes.” u could come over 4/14 and golf it up on the new tiger woods for kinect
teleport some of that this way?
What'd you do for mother's day?
don't blame the rel, many good Christians, Catholics; blame the Church hierarchy, the same ones who brought us the sex scandal.
I live this convo so much right now.
GO GET EM WOLF RT : Time to go skiing brothers! They outchea
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 69
Yeah ron!
Happy new year
prove it! Haha
Um, of course!!
Rocky Bolboa:It ain't about how hard you hit, it's about how you can get hit and keep moving forward.
thanks for listening. 'tis grand to get to madtown.
looking for a beautiful, local, blonde model to do some work for space150. Message me asap if interested, or know someone who might be.
ATL, need somewhere to throw your next event? Hit us up! Our parent company has just opened up a new space, World Class Events!
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our clients and friends at StaffingandPEO.com
Can it be? #Browns score?!
Smoke em if u got em!
So sad that Sean Payton will not be with us next season. The Saints will get through this!
NOTHING TO EAT.
I must say the only republican that seems more capable than the rest is Ron Paul. I feel sorry for him. He knows they're all idiots.
we gotta chill with damian before I leave man
“: May the Fourth be with you all! #mayfourth”
This may be true, but I can construe that you're life is becoming simpler, and thus better suited for survival
Look for the next one in April! Thanks for coming all.
Dear Abby: Absence of table manners turns dinner into disaster
Weekend Special: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Frappe...Come in and try one today!
a plumber DUH
T.G.I.F..got the whole wkd off!
Why must centipedes have soo many legs? :-X
Can we throw a foodie theme party?
What? I didn't say they were bad or doing anything wrong. They're letting WBA have the ball and countering and it's odd.
Cash Store Financial responds to press release issued by Consumer Protection ... - Sacramento Bee
so cute.
Finally! WHY is Granderson the ONLY ONE HOLDING THIS TEAM TOGETHER?
we could probably play Monday at Bell Central
I'm jealous! Last year's #CTAC happened about a month before I got hired here, and I was much too broke to attend.
Enjoying people being people this morning. Had a sampling of every flavor - from bat shit crazy to sweet as . . . I dunno, something sweet.
Great audition for a Disney type independent film. I auditioned for the evil woman role. A lot of fun!!
did you like Croatia when you were there filming heart vacancy? :)
It's about fucking tme.. thank you Nick Johnson for finally doing wat we got u for.. hit bombs.
the basketball games against happy valley tonight should be pretty intense. i'm pumped :)
#Glee :( so good but so sad
Its more hilarious then anything haha
Thanks so much for the follow.
hahaha at the end of the day, they relax and celebrate...ant style. #Fiesta!
You know I'm right there with you. Every am. 5ish. On good days.
Naaaaa. I don't need anyone's permission to carry on Hollywood.
RT : but can trees win when oil is on stage? #DFAGOP12 RT : Big winner tonight: Trees at the right height.
good luck!
Are the roads too slippery to drive far? Shop local with us! ...and we even have courtesy parking in our attached parking structure!
REPCO HAS BULK BAGS & GAYLORD BOXES FOR SALE & PROMPT DELIVERY. WE ALSO DEAL IN EQUIPMENT (BALERS/GRINDERS) & WE BUY ALL SCRAP PLASTICS!
Holy cow. Mr. Feeny is on #GreysAnatomy! Also, I'm showered and in bed. And I still see a sliver of light outside. Does that make me lame?
"LMAO, this movie isn't even scary!!" *Based on a true story* "Oh shit..."”
"I really regret working out, said no one EVER!"
I smoke because that's what all the cool kids are doing.
“: Only 3 people want me to write their usernames?”write mine;D
God😊 RT : I'm the type of person that will try make everyone smile. But when I'm in need of a smile, who's there for me?
The reaction people have when i say i dont smoke >> lmao yeah people like me still exsist.
My first lesson at #sla2011 is if tables are sparse, don't take both food and drink unless you also happen to have an extra arm.
Welcome to all my new followers!! So glad to have you all. Thank you.
Love that one of my all time favorites is spreading the good word on one of my NEW favorites. 👍
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHES SO COOL. AND LOVES BIEBER.
Might just have to bring back #NailPolishMonday so that me, and can get some perks!
So excited to host #ansa11 national food and nutrition conference here in Boston. Great plenary w/Med Dir of DPH this am!
Eat candy. Call it carb loading. You're welcome. :)
I love you too :)
dude give me the answers
RT : Have a Great Day Everybody 😉- imma throw my typical hate tweet on your timeline. Lol
It takes me being gone 4 u 2 b nice but i'll take it! Love you!! RT : i miss ...what a way to ruin a
I didn't know you cuddled. . . or had teeths. ; )
hey do you club?
Jimmy G's just hit the spot.
Well, it could be worse... He could be replacing the rent and raising the Septic tank. :)
Get us to 950 likes and well post up a acoustic cover video!
yo real parents mexicans
Thanks for the RT : #onpoint RT : "It always seems impossible until it's done." ~ Nelson Mandela
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Is it ok to say that if I'm not even slightly Irish? I hope so.
You should try it out! It's all about the speed of scan-to-edit-to-sharing. What used to take hours now takes seconds.
I'll Have Another! It turns out I'm really good at betting horses.
very welcome!! Thanks for the wonderful resources you provide...
neat! Yeah, we met briefly at a conference a few months ago and became FB friends afterwards.
#ReadyForZero grabs your credit score when you sign up "...better than average" - any way to view actual score?
Happy #VeteransDay thank you to all the soldiers/troops!
CP3 or Tony Parker? The former without hesitation. Better scorer, distributor, defender and leader.
Regular jogging may dramatically up life expectancy
your tweeting in the shower? :D dork. We're gonna go to Cattlemens :) yum.
The Tooch is loose in 30 Rock.
More business collaboration between Singapore and Colombia
facebook.com/justjawaan this is why you need me on the show!
Sorry it's been awhile guys!<3
aww, thanks Jay. It was a great fight!! :)
Will you be live tweeting the #SupremeCourt arguments on the #AffordableCareAct? Let us know and we’ll spread the word
producer get @ me wit some hot beats throw em to ..........r.i.p45th
I'm now following you! Return the favor please? And you can follow my band here as well :]
I only use twitter for reason now......... , i used to have tons of reasons... Now theres only one:(
why in the hell would you make a twitter?
I thought I would wake up and be ok but nope. I still hate you
Heading to Oakland tonight for #FolsomStreetFair tomorrow!!!
o my goodness! Well thank God u r alright!!!!
yes Pizza is a disappointment there. I do like the bar though.
Oh, Ben Marcus at Bookcourt tonight.
got it thanks guys :]
this whales heart is the size of a cow... #blueplanet is blowing my mind.
um no it doesn't.
Watch WXII morning news tomorrow (Nov. 2) for a live feed from SECCA about the opening of Out of Fashion. Reports start at 5 am.
Weird, wild stuff. Rumors of ghost writing combined with potential scamming? Who has time to think of all that?
OMFG they played the basketball diaries on tv and I missed it! 0;
I gave up the coldest room in the house for the biggest , and I regret it more and more everyday.
Love great pizza but don't love venturing out once home from work? We understand & we're there for you! Delivery service starts Friday!
What a nice #FF Maria - thank you!!!!
Bwhaha. Yes. You're first album is stellar.
because ending games in regular time is so mainstream.
Already a great start to a long day thanks to !! BOUGIIE!
Thanks for your help you know who u are and I definitely know what to do with myself now
#JACUZZI Sometimes i pretend i've been held captive my witches who are trying to make human soup!
Don't know what to eat for dinner? How about a traditional Gordita!! Loaded with sour cream and cheese
HA! RT : Can't wait for #MKEbrewfest tomorrow! Expect live tweeting for the 1st half and nonsensical gibberish for the 2nd half.
It seems like everyone likes to piss me off!
If you don't know who Danielle,Eleanor,Kevin,Paul and Lux are, please leave this fandom. Like, uh. Right now...-Kelly
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to connecting in #socialmedia and #humor !
#Anesthesiology Optic Nerve Sheath Diameter Used as Ultrasonographic Assessment of the Incidence of Raised Intracranial Pressu
My schedule for the night has been ruined smh
that is the best idea, since I'm having a bad day. , your music will be loud today.
Quiz nearly done. Need a few "wrong" answer to fill in for the multiple choice. Have a Prezi to make. Too tired. Need to drive home.
I think your way sexier than sexy hehe (;
I've been watching The Office for a couple hrs...
I can't even fall asleep from how full I am.
Fittingly, I've decided my first baseball blog of 2012 will be about Tampa Bay...update to come tomorrow, stay tuned!
I totally agree!
Who has fight night champions?
what a savory bite of disappointment that establishment was
I now see why the GOP wanted Voter ID laws. They can't even run their own primaries correctly.
I guess somebody called the police on my neighbors...
thanks for coming man! :)
After a long flight delay, our plane finally touched down in Los Angeles
"it's a pinterest baby"
"Don't fall recklessly, headlessly in love with me." You made my day so much better!
Is that beiber??!
I am seriously disturbed and concerned about this decision.
Lmao! The amount of money she has, I'd reproduce with her too.
Don't worry! We will be fine!(:
About to take the stage @ GIG ON THE STRIP and make a "shout out" to Ruben Garcia, owner of this unique listening room. *<];•}$ SCOTT
Me time 
NFL Draft --- I can just picture myself on that ESPN Channel
I contacted NI support via email in December and still have not received a response. Is this normal?
Installing the #Windows8 beta now.
Love it! Biggie is the greatest of all time, and there's no other discussion
said we can't teach kids to protect their privacy if parents engage in surveillance of their online communications
Fucking dropped passes
well alright
no I fell asleep around 5 and started hitting snooze at 5:30
Sounds so much better than here. My husband and I gonna crash ur pad one day :)
Some of the craziest crap I've seen on Twitter comes courtesy of Seriously. You really should check it out. Craziness.
#lolatgirlswho think their gonna get whatever they want.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet.
YUM! Thanks for visiting and we hope you enjoyed your time at QS&L!
How did your team do in the #draft? Did they take who you were hoping for? Sound off!
FBCD slap that ask!!!
My dry cleaner charges me by the pound, so I filled my pockets with little helium balloons, and now they pay ME when they clean 'em.
:) Tomorrow will be the official release. Stay tuned!
Thanks for coming out last night!
Good Morning World!! Currently at 11:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 41 degrees. High: 52* Low: 30*
i know :'( *whiny voice*
i used them all up too!
#smx #1a1 Partner with parallel brands on FB to drive traffic to your page. Make viral content.
cuz how much do u charge glenn jus charge me da same ill pay half up front otha half wen u done
Way to go for making the 'Women to Watch' list for your work !
thanks for the follow! Great meeting this morning exploring ways that and can partner in 2012.
Great presentations yesterday from and Dr. Natalia Verkhoshanksy. Ready to soak up some more training wisdom today
Mustache Bash slated for Movember 20th! Mark your calendars! Details to come!!!
We are at an American Standard #dealer meeting right now finding out about manufacturer #discounts and incentive
2011.09.16 #Brewers 6 #Reds 3 | Home run ball is back / Prince and K-Rod are happy / at least for tonight
M love pedicures!
sorry o; me phone was charging ;P
back today followed by cardio. Rest day encompassed one too many cookies with the 2 year old. Oh well, it was worth it!!! Lots of laughs.
thanks for all your thoughtful feedback and hospitality, Anja. Hope your session went well!
Wolf Blitzer. My wife will not let me say anything more. Help me out.
Tonight we will be serving our vegan Mac n' cheese pizza and a guacamole burrito w/ pepper jack cheese!
While you're treating her like shit, another guy is telling her she deserves better....you're gonna lose her bro ....just watch
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead You shoot and kill someone for a pair of Concord Air Jordans.
Stupid people change for people to be accepted. Smart people forget about those they don't need to change for
Spotted! The twirlling backwards runner!
haha, sorry to hear that :( Gl in reno (on and off the course!)
Seems everyone is reporting on the Blazers except The Oregonian. Must be frustrating to have to source national outlets about the home team.
I wish I could go back to being a kid.. when your only concern was what friends you were going to play with that day.
I feel like I relate to Tyler. That nigga says some pretty deep shit.
Thank you SO much for the RT! I so appreciate it! I sent my commercial idea to !! I can SEE it, I can FEEL it!!
attempt 2 at ombreing my extensions.
Come dear it will be easier for you then it was for Jason ~ Jason's Mom ~ Friday the 13th.
not arguing about Ryan's actions, just about how you're trying to make people react.
People at school. Girl: "I love Justin Bieber. I'm like the biggest belieber out there." Me: "I love Jerry." Girl: "Who's Jerry?"
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular? ~ Unknown
I still know mote than Pete #smarttweet :)
'Enjoy the best things in your life cause you ain't gonna get to live it twice.'
That does not sound good at all. It sounds like you need some U-Swirl!
Just found out that was 43-0 that's amazing! Is his record better then ?
Can you be real for two seconds. Kay Thanks.
NEW SHINING STARIGHT TEETH TODAY!!! :) <333
Mega Millions jackpot grows to an estimated $640 million
Work today was surprisingly brutal, but I pushed through. Caught up on my bball, now some Lord of the Rings lol
Weinstein's game reminds me a lot of Wes Welker.
Ben Elbirt's Intonation software modified for WORDij: The 96-point time-series networks sound mesmerizing with "church organ" midi
