Thanks for the mention! I'm really happy you're enjoying my blog. =)
I hate spam
Merry Christmas everyone!!
No, it is not just U but you shouldn't let your acct remain ideal regardless! RT Is it just me, or is Google+ a ghost town?
Hot damn, Kobe! Can you please always be in a suit cause oh my! So fit.
The market manipulators not only pulled the markets positive but up nicely. As usual, this shows the power of positive momentum achieved.
I got my first ticket ever for parking on the street during street cleaning hours...I wont be making that mistake again #tues=streetcleaning
But we love you
Pinterest has reignited my interest in home design. I wonder which I will spend more time on this summer - lesson plans or idea boards?
well, sometimes u just have to let go....no matter how much it hurts.
This montage makes me want to watch every Morgan Freeman movie ever
2 hours sleep, 6 hour drive... Hello Arizona, sorry about your impending Niner defeat, can't wait to watch it.
she aint worth it a guarantee!!!
At around $20K, the CR-Z is a great investment for college graduates! You will save tons on fuel in the long run, too!
👌 RT : yea I'll be out Thursday too
real shit if we had a baby it would be born stoned !
Shut up and give me head
maybach has some talent though. But yeah they annoying
M I love the smell of men :)
Maybe I should go back to private school ...
when you read this can you please ask my dad/mom/brother if they put my phone anywhere or took it with them by accident
Chances Broncos take L. James or I. Pead? They can create for themselves. Great vision, quickness, shiftiness, wiggle.
First car wash in over a year. Feels good.
Something Boring This Way Comes
I just joined AT&T :)
Sorry. I toasted my keyboard with a can of mountain dew.
I have those same concerns.
can't actually say but it's in a really really big city if that's a clue with really big data
Talking bout can we be friends....hell naw all my friends Dead Green & Old!
Hey can you help me get more followers pleasety love ya
what time!?
- Thanks for following me my buddy! Woot! :)
🔫tell em I swear I tried to tell em
Will be following the James Beard Award results live at #jbfa . Noted: Best Chef NYC is missing Chef John Fraser of ..wth?
Very nice that is sending twitter thank yous out
Im actually rooting for Heat to win the whole thing just cause I despise more than Aikman. Wanted him to cry over Lebron.
when you miss one day I'm kicking your ass out and you can have dick and blake .
Somedays it's a good day to burn the whole fucking world down. And somedays it's a good day for a pastrami sandwich. Today is both.
If any of you lovely people have a sec could you go wish a happy 16th birthday! She's an amazing NEBRASKAN directioner! Caitlin x
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
Chimneys! Get thee to 6th Anniversary Party immediately!
Uhh... Goodnight loves
Awesome solution!! Woot, TY! Big issue is new cakes baked have to freeze several hours to cut. Hence, panic! cc:
OH: she's going to completely destroy him
Discipline...Desire...Dedication will give you Success On God's Terms...Gerald D. Rogers
Twitter is for getting along with people you don't know; Facebook is for fighting with people you do know. 
Whee! Its Monday! RT : Woopsiedaisy, Tara! The '5' got chopped off on that tweet -- it's 58% of Fortune 500's w/ Facebook Pages!
States today with  At trinity high school!
just DM'ed you...Metro email address?
It's not only Hermes but the trend in this industry. DVF has launched its home collection, Armani has got the hotel and restaurant.
btw Mr. H Alan Scott, that is the most ridiculously awesome xmas outfit I've ever seen...
I LOVE YOU TOO NOW WAKE UP.
go. To. Sleep.
GOOD AFTERNOON MOMMA E. HAVE A FANTASTIC FRIDAY
Yes he did. Yes he did. Daldry's Oscar streak= evidence that the universe might be morally indifferent.
i just put my ipod down so i can sleep -___- lol hi WE HAVENT TALKED SINCE LAST YEAR :O
Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know.
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac Q: do we have obligation to reach out to students at institutions w/o DH support?
No School For a Week.
Could only play 6 holes B4 humidity made me ill. Stopped. Know I did the right thing but feel like such a wuss.
Hope you enjoyed your breakfast!
#MaytheFourthbewithyou. We should have waited until today for our big Star Wars talk!
how do users who don't exist follow you? n do ppl change their profile picture here like they do on fb? i'm still figuring this thing out.
would that be dad?
summer side show is on June 2nd in Columbus Ga
OPA is the online catalog for , redesigned based on feedback from researchers.
Happy New Year! Following me would be a great way to start the year off! Whoot Whoot!
I tried & it wasn't enough I guess.
Austin would date a fan. (:
#SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES the message will never get old.
I'm so hungry this hoe need to get up and go hit these street.. My team hungry to!
awww!! Sox fan = automatic A. You get the + for the sweet coffee mug. :D
Anybody know when the next #bftgathering is?
Organizers say they expect 10,000 protesters to join in May Day rally and march through downtown Portland tomorrow.
I'm doing good n u
Riding in a car with the
Y RT : Had this Anthony Hamilton CD on repeat for almost 2 weeks!
I saw the sign.
BNY Mellon Adds Automated Notification Enhancements to Margin DIRECT(SM) Liquidity Management Product
one more final to go!!!!!!
Oh man...what was that?
Impatience never commanded success. - Edwin H. Chapin
A mother's love never ends...HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
Charles Manson was denied parol? That's shocking! Why do they even hold parole meetings for him?
#pokerplayerproblems RT : I wish I was as good at folding laundry as I am at folding cards.
She walks off. He continues waiting. Stares at the candle meaningfully. Remembers Hemingway's six word story. Composes his own.
Lmao RT : Shout out to the females out there who take care of their ankles, though
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching ~
Obama just got Bidened.
Being Juvenial with
Going to eat with emilee, austin, and bailey!. Idk what were eating yet,
I do not think respectable online publications should allow anonymous comments. Period. People should have to stand by their words.
": It's still #LetsGoHeat"
Oh, little mother, you're much too wonderful to be vainglorious. You're just glorious.
pretty sure I'm allergic to four loko
and the same to you!
Wow. Wow. Wow.
Lol. Love and proud of my Yankees where ever I go. Miss you too my Dani.
Well well well, the end of the day is almost here! Where are you guys going to get your #Bartab on? DM me your email and I'll hook you up!
are you going to be back playing for the saints next season?
Heat are about to get Linned! RT My Heat play the Knicks tonight... I know its gonna be a lot of shit talking!!
sorry to hear. *hugs* prayers with you and your family.
They're only closing about 100 stores.. and none in NM.
This long distance relationship thing isn't that bad
lovely coffee date with <3 wonderful friends make for an excellent day!
Big Ups to all our followers! We're gearing up for our show tonight at Jazz Minds on Kapiolani Blvd in Honolulu, HI from 9:30pm-1:00am! 18+
You need to send letter from Vanessa Ohio to speaker Boehner. We all hope he gets the message. Its time to put politics aside!
hi Rachel! i'm an alt-weekly writer and just know that i could write for xojane! i have a million ideas — can I email you?
new morning routine inspired by Tara Stiles... 10 minutes of yoga before breakfast coffee chaos... grounding and exhilarating
That is a true mystery!
there is a serious lack of options when it comes to choosing words to talk about diapers and excrescences. None of them satisfy
Enjoying a productive day at home.
Bad scripted TV
David Freese of Team HeavySwing. BaltimoreMD based company w/22 MLB teams. We were with him in the on-deck circle moments before blast
dammit. i have to walk to my car...
Addie and me are up late watching movies in bed. She insisted on watching stahbock pants(spongebob squarepants)
Who wants to be my favorite baseball player now? Taking applications now.
Reason number 7,632 I have the best Mom in the Universe. Per usual, our family is heading to #DodgerStadium for her special day.
Stayed out way too late boo!
RT : Andy Fox...Surprised he isn't chasing cars asking why they're driving
i already follow u :)
133: You're such a cutie and i love talking to you(:
The fact that Dallas is playing this badly and the Skins are still only up by 1 is killing me. Come on Skins, don't let me down!
You are a blessing to my life
From the simple Jon Jon that can accommodate your 3 to 5 years of age, to our giant Joey Jumper Slide Combo, you'll love them both!
I'm recently allergic to bananas too! And pretty much everything else. Have you ever heard of someone allergic to carrots?
thank you!!
Money From Strangers is so great!
In Baltimore hanging with friends. Which in this case means drinking beer and fishing.
Whats up? Thanks for following us on Twitter! We are an ALL AGES webshow from the Metro Detroit Area!
We are glad. Let us kno if we canimprove on anything
are u the bunny in the picture?
Morning all.
LOL - I hit him on FB already.
Take a break from the #urban life!
who would you want to take it???Lakers or Heat????
Volunteers needed to sit at Nola Jitterbugs info table @ Cornet Chop Suey Stage Sat/Sun! Email me at:
A2 Strategy before platforms. If it doesn't fit into our strategy we don't engage on certain social networks, being one
I'm so hungry I could eat a elephant *elementary figurative language* lol
Danielle wants as many followers as Kim Kardashian!! Millions.
i thaught so hahaha im not mad or anything i just wanna fight
"yo playa let's go to the mall." "lol what the f.."
is he makin a music video or doing a photo shoot?
Todays just not my day... Could use some company right about now.
Get on it! RT : How about giving the beautiful & talented her own show for her birthday?
There's always tomorrow!
It's gameday, gameday gotta get down on gameday
Who wants to take me to Taco Bell?
okay you'll get them this time! I promise lol
sitting in the theatre right now waiting for this movie to start!
Brewing a fresh cup of 's "Tension Tamer" to accompany me in this late night of homework...
my prodigal sister is returning from Australia so I'm for #edcamp sorry!
9.) Be prepared to stand. For 2 hours. Good shoes won’t go unappreciated.
It's time
Stanley Jordan ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
we need to. Miss the whole family. Let me know when's best.
Our memories in Rainer village Tho ; Priceless (:
Some of you bitches need a reality check, not a welfare check
Stomach hurts...ugh....
can't wait for rialto beach. get your ass up here so we can head out.
#youknowyoughettowhen you regularly refer to carmex as lipgloss. That's for cold sores girl!
“: RT happy b day to vice president and captain #Salute!!” Happy born day my gee!!!!
To clarify: I'm not defending reading per se (though I do like it), I'm defending the difficult and its joys.
#Orioles face Red Sox tonight for first time since Robert Andino sent them home crying. Cant wait to hear #Boston fans cry again.
Very cool! Perhaps we can all meet?
DID YOU KNOW: “Miami-based” is actually incorporated in Panama, avoiding most US labor, tax, and consumer protection laws
possibly. There would probably just need to be specific questions associated with commercial stuff?
I'm not spam, I am a Milwaukee citizen. It is a local art contest through ArtHouse Reveal..help me out?
On this day in 1972, the Lakers beat the Knicks for the NBA Championship. This Wednesday, Knicks/Heat, game 5 of round 1.
I just got salty af. Lmfao
happy to hear we were able to take care of you!
In six days Felon Fitness goes live! Get it at AdamsMedia.com, amazon.com, Barnes & Noble... the list goes on.
I love me a good chicken fried steak!
we're u able to open up the audio file I sent
u a lie u hella cool on dat
Dang #android - you LOVE battery.
"Good morning!!!!!!!! :D" RT if seeing that smiley made you wanna smack a baby.
should we also be responding to too?
Spider situation under control. For now.
Congrats to on the call up!
me? Nahh you yo I never even made a kendama edit
Am following Dale Carpenter's excellent Flagrant Conduct with Jeffrey Toobin's The Nine. Our legal system is endlessly fascinating.
About to see a 2 1/2 hour documentary about Bob Marley, which would be a nightmare for me if it weren't directed by Kevin McDonald.
it's still confuses me when Simple Minds is played on an oldies station.
RT Almost time to hit the waves :-) >> way to be braggin bro,, way to be
imma miss you too! I love you! Its your time now.
All I know is there are never enough love tetrahedrons. :)
they should make a network that shows Nick shows from the 90's and early 00's
Today is gonna be a chill day for me
Yep, lucky xD and yes, it's awful here xD
Love her!!!
Layover in ATL. Had to eat food court for lunch. Best option: steamed veggies from Chinese counter. Mushy. Ugh. Next stop Nashville.
poor guy kept saying, "Sorry." He's so sweet. I felt so sorry for him! I'm used to cleaning carseat, not sure which is worse?
thank u me too
Happy 3rd birthday to #UPA2012 host hotel .... how big is the cake?
If any portion of it is used you recieve a FREE signed copy of a compilation album to be released soon!
I enjoyed her shows also
I miss you </3
I sure did! Thank you!!!
Presumably, Darren Sharper on Anthony Hargrove: "HOW DO WE KNOW HE WAS NOT COERCED? You have no proof he WASN'T waterboarded into this!"
At the 41st annual language and literacy conference at ASU! Jim Blasingame and Frank Serafini are keynoting.
I'm so over VPA. All this shit is getting on my nerves.
Last time I went to a town hall meeting with Ann marie buerkle there was this liberal women that was so rude, really was ridiculous
lol, free time is a relative term. haha, i wont have any for a few days at least.. but ill try!
RT : the only concert i ever waited in line for to get tickets was for the beast boys. enjoy the cosmos MCA
so excited for BBerry app, but it won't load at all, not direct from phone or thru laptp sync! Urrgggh!
I. I believe. I believe that.I believe that we.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.
Thanks Eric.
"Sometimes you've just got to believe" - Thomas Bähler
And a president?! RT : "For every Atlanta teacher thrown in jail for cheating so to[o] should [be] one Secretary of Education"
Defense lawyer shows Ybarra autopsy photos of Erica Smith, the accident victim. Sobbing, Ybarra says she's so sorry.
i'd do anything for you to follow me.. you're amazing & beautiful :) PLEASE.
I feel like im king of the world whenever taco bell accidently slips an extra burrito in my bag.
New Summer Shows That'll Make You Laugh
Looking forward to a great game tonight! Bulls vs Heat! May the best team win.
close... white rapper
I just won the View 100 Contestant Profiles trophy and 100 May 2012 Points at Miss Social by Playboy!
***All proceeds will be presented to the birthday boy as a special gift. The dude of the hour has been grinding hard since the age of 9.
lol,im saying...is there any1 in our fam that is ?!
I'm tired of babysitting people I always get fucked over ... spend money on them that cnt benifit me n ill never c it again
shot 11 over the other day but +7 came on the first 8 holes so I was happy finish 10 at +4
When you act in the world against your own conscience your mind becomes disturbed. The action rebounds and hurts you. You feel sorry ...
The show goes on
I come from the future. Give me your computers
The death cluster of cables and cameras and cords to the left of the comp still needs a reckoning, but it's getting there!
8 shoots in 5 hours. So glad we moved to an all digital workflow.
Because they haven't been dumbed yet.
What u doin up
The train is so packed I'm making out with a stranger
Big vote for casinos in Foxboro. What do you think is going to happen?
Featuring in one of song's stay tuned. Music video during summer!
Life is stabbinq me in the Heart.Nobody understands me. My Fam would never let me Down. Im stayinq Stronq no matter what life throws at me.
EqualityTV is 'Embracing Alternatives' and creating a Movement In Media. Stay tuned for our big launch! : ) Want to join us?! Contact us fo…
did the bone pop out?
I definitely agree with the beginning but other than that it kind of says someone else determines your happiness
Need to make these feeling go away ....I don't want to care more then I already do...I want to care less and less till I don't give a fuck.
I still haven't figured out what Pinterest is all about. They blitzed Linkedin with ads and maybe they are waiting for us to figure it out?
After a day off tonight, coming off a 7-3 night, we have 10 Locks for tomorrow. Get all for $40, 5 for $25, or other packages as well.
Oh high new followers! :D
11:11 is my favourite song. I'm so excited for your concert and your new songs
no not you to?
Awesome! Plan on next Wednesday at noon. (:
I didn't get to try your ice cream at #Wits. (sadface) Methinks a private tasting at is in order!?
I just don't know about that for sure. Someone check the rule book!
since you dont reply im behind you
Audio Addiktion loves the , we just wanted to hear more of our favorite SP songs!! Hope you're not upset..:-(
Hate that! RT: took a break from packing for found only empty vending machines in prep for m ...
how cold was it doing cave tubing?
Ahh well I hope you get some good tips this week! :)
There's something #sweet about little nothings.
All kinds of theories going around about the mad #coachella ticket dash
it's from "All Falls Down"!
#RINGER was the best thing on tv Bring Back Ringer
Fasho whenever you're ready. I think brotha d is coming through tomorrow morning.
I remember where I had my Bieber fan account than it got hacked and deleted. ._.
" aren't you puerto rican? " nigga do i look hispanic?! half korean and black zach. half korean and black.
— thinks your work is great! Kumani means "destiny"...may yours for the new year be a truly enlightening one!
looking forward to hearing from you about my manuscript. Vanilla's Ladies COMING SOON!
Hi-larious! PLA folks warn not to wear badges out & then give us all bright hunting orange totes. Use own if you can
Mistletoe by :) ♥
Goddammit. Barry bought a round of Bud Light Platinum. But it's okay, Ponstein's here too
Can't wait til this Lakers/Thunder tip off!!!
You are wise, Golden One.
Want to thank you again for attending the NFM summit. Means far more to me as an English Adjunct than a new study/report.
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
no hollering from me...lost my voice!
I'm at war with the physical & spiritual..
In search of new talent!!!
Is Garcia using AJ's old pitches ... :l
This is the most Black women I've seen in one place at NYU, and for that alone I am grateful for ! Oh the many worlds
If you tweet your resignation from a company, does it count?
At the social security office to change my name. But why does it have to smell so badly in here??
Thanks for letting me know!
are you going to the we came as romans show tonight?
SWAGG SWERVING is the newest and hottest DANCE www.youtube.com/soloxquzit FEEL MY SWAGGER is the single SWAGG SWERVING the dance
Again, you have no clue what you are talking about considering they are all related and neither interfere with each other.
Nice...RT : David Carr: People say LinkedIn is for old people. Reid Hoffman response: like the people who will give you a job?
Who's excited for SNL this weekend? Sofia Vergara anyone? No? One Direction? I think yes! Im excited for both.. HBU?
Haha, my Dad isn't on Twitter, no one in my fam is. My Dad isn't on FB either.
Out of the mouth the heart speaks. First time it's God second time it's something you are trying to do.
Dear NYC, send pizza!
We are always experimenting with interesting new flavor combinations and strive to provide you with a variety of choices each time you visit
Nailed it. Nice to see the somebody gets it. Its not 1975 anymore.
you are my inspiration and i love you.<3
Spezza said all the pressure is on #NYR buddy it's Game 7 if you're denying that there is pressure on you. You're a liar. 8th seed or 1st.
either way tho we need to set up some sort of match. What r fair teams?
nice to connect - you should keep your eye on if you ever want to voyage into high-tech
Yup. RT : As much as I am... RT : Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
For some reason this friday feels wierd I think im missin something..#HateThatFillin umm imma find out lol
Thanks Terrence for the mentions. Hope you and your family had a nice holiday weekend.
Wow, thanks for the tip! Believe it or not at BL you had 5! ;) I cheered for you since I had followed your blog/appearances
only in Milwaukee. Icky
big ups for the #FF love. I'm always a day late.
Still in the lab !
Who wanna text me tonight
i tell u wen i get home
"I'm live tweeting this to you." "Walking into an alley." "I'm peeing right now behind 2 dumpsters/a grease disposal."
: that is totally me!!!
Nothing makes a worse first impression than bad breath! If you have to gargle wit gas...do what'cha gotta do!
By the way, I really want to like Veep on HBO, but it's on a different humor frequency than me. I didn't laugh once. Love JLD.
Even on a gloomy day, treat yourself to something bright & refreshing like a mojito. Make your own beach! $5 all day
In the traditionally male dominated fields of science, engineering & military technology, women earn 41%, 20% & 10% of the degrees.
Family reunion dinner!! Actually went well. For a first lol
RT : Again, sorry Yankees fans. Dad was trying to get LeBron's knee. He's as fucking inaccurate as Tebow lately.
Congrats to Ken Hedrick (Tulsa office) who closed a $28M Walgreens portfolio this week!
and Shane Myrbeck - thanks for great chat last night. looking forward to more interaction!
starting out on Twitter - feels good!! We are the Builder Exchange Event
Yeah idk what's going on with me. But as long as I'm okay now, it's fine. Thanks for caring :)
Wow, #qdoba - from taste to quality to service, underwhelming on ALL counts. My heart belongs to
Happy 6mos #opdx Roses bloom in the spring.
Sitting in my room listening to my boo (:
awesome. I should do the same.
Just got a letter telling me I got a 1.8% raise
"I'm sexy and I know it" asfdgfygferercvjkujsehasjkjnnj gone
you have all the good movies on your iPod!
Look for Allyson, Horvak & Stewarts book 'LA Rebellion of black filmmakers'
I never said you were a bitch, I said you were making bitch comments.
GOD DAMN! You can get 2 man pitty pat game on that ass sheesh
After losing out on their initial choice at pick 22, WR K. Wright, the #Browns picked QB Weeden. Now, QB Colt McCoy is being shopped.
Moon walk with Alan bean
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
If an Angry Bird had a MySpace, it's mood would be forever angry. Unless you find all the golden eggs, of course.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Four people were killed and 11 others were wounded in two coordinated attacks in #Baghdad Thursday, the #Iraq Interior Ministry said
Channing Tatum is the sexiest beast evverr.
How I've missed ny food
I'd like to give a moment of thanks to my grande unsweetened iced green tea from Starbucks.
there's this guy at the hotel I'm at named dominque..thought of chhhuuuu hehe
Hi Cat!How have you been?I hope amazing love, and wonderful!♥:*
Sounds delicious! Gotta love Louisiana Lickers!
Eminem is unique. We're trending it tomorrow!
lol happy friday and enjoy. I'm not a twitter expert even though most things on here are self explanatory. Enjoy
Three days until my first #Brewers game of 2012. Three days until my first drinks in 49 days. The anticipation is palpable.
RT bruno mars is real elvis gangster right now. I'm a fan.
get them hours girl!
I specifically remember the day I ran for 15 minutes without stopping so I can totally relate!
Yep. That starbucks is the center of the [ tech ] world you know.
"I've just had an apostrophe." "I think you mean epiphany."
we try to excel in all aspects of drink/coffee making. :)
A real man dosent make his girl jealous, he makes other girls jealous of his girl <3
I guess if there was a combination of whack and trifling, that would be the perfect description. Oh, and porcine.
I freaking love that blue/red Coach dress. Too many awesome colors. Take all of my money!
you suck more d**ks than monica lewinsky!
Auto-exposure, auto-focus, 1080p video recording
Comcast just can't get it right.
It's amazing how dominant the visual system has been as a substrate for so many neuro topics. Even in animals that mainly use other senses.
Looking good! Sent you some notes for discussion :D
At cheer camp dinner break <3333
I want to but my hair Thu sista until Wednesday.
"The public needs art, and it is the responsibility of a 'self-proclaimed artist' to realize the public needs art..."
WHAT NO YOU CAN'T MOVE YOU AREN'T ALLOWED
The truth is, if i could be with anyone, i would still choose you.
On the days I'm unable to take a big dump in the morning, I feel as if I've failed myself, you guys, & everyone else in my life. I'm sorry.
I think that's her mom in the back!!
The only good news about all this shit is that they're making sure Obama wins reelection in a landslide
Book your fall travel now or a staycation" at our beautiful property in sunny San Diego! Mention this tweet and receive 20% off booking!!!
thanks 4 the follow, Fracking has just moved into central pa. They are making a mess.
...but whoever heard of a British prince doing an email scam?
I had fun trick or treating... Also spent time with Cassie, Cassidy, Caitlyn, Kendall, Jordanna, Gibby,Jake, Dereck & other friends toda ...
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT U... BUT I'M HAVING A SIMPLY MARVELOUS DAY... GREAT NEWS SHOOTING FROM EVERYWAY AND THATS WHATS UP... ;-)
When we stop learning, we start dying. Dan Leahy at
ees gonna be quick and duurtay. i'll be there thursday/friday. you?
About to dance with some Eagles
yeah its gonna be a fucking blast! Can't wait!
Did you know that the first comedy club was in Boston in 1634 and was actually a large stick used for beating comedians?
Why aren't we friends in real life then? This saddens me greatly :(
Anytime Patti! Love the chat & hoping to make it tomorrow, but not sure I just have so much going Miss it though!
Ahahaha T-Mills cracks me up!! RT : I'm that dude that got ur girlfriend to get my name tattooed
a wise man once said “: You treat others how you want to be treated.Haters usually hate themselves.”
When was your bday?
Watching NAS' Behind the Music. STILL get chills when I hear Ether and One Mic.
remember -- sunscreen is your friend!
Headed to Vegas!!! Aww yeah
But life is good and I don't think things happened for the reason It's more like consequences of our action It's could be good or bad
Tonight's drink special: The Federale w/ tequila, sour, grapefruit & soda!
I hope direct TV is paying u for that!
Good luck to this weekend!
Need a free, easy to build website? Check out ! You can get free website support as well as #coworking& event space at their
Good to see you this morning. Thanks for your advice!
"Must maintain the strongest military in the world . . . But that is not enough"
evn if we don't rely on horoscope, making too many plans beyond our capacity will make us weary
What?! That's awesome! Have fun and eat lots of bacon!
all the time
this is fucking pathetic magic make sum fucking baskets goddamn!!!!
Willingham hits for power but Lind is in an extended slump. Hard to decide.
I chked it out sir ! Bomb keep it comin !
more shoulder rehab and then see if I can nail down trader joe,s gig, if not trying whole foods.
Patrick is awesome.. Looks out for me so much
Congrats to everyone graduating and good luck to all those with finals!
Christine, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me.
hey girl. Happy New Year!
Whaddya know, I get spammed. Shoulda known. RT : Enter to win a $100 Dunkin Donuts & print free beverage Coupon
I hope that dream was just a glimpse into our actual future!
Just downloaded #YourGirlDoesParty #Mixtape by !!! Omfg, it's crazy! >.< Love them!
there ass we should of beat them we left bases loaded twice with no outs all these team we loose to we could beat them
so who's gonna loan me $10,000?
- oh and glad nobody was hurt!!!
what keeps your living tissue from dying if you are metal underneath?
Welcome to Bonamour Tracy Welborn! We are happy to have you on the team :)
Had a long week
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe someone controlling the windows
I love you ma! You're coming into your sr yr now girl.! I'm behind you 100% always
and awesome
I'ma be all I can be. I hope you feel the same about yourself
New J Boogie's Dubtronic Science Album Out Today! J Boogie returns with his third artist album - Available at FeeLit!
I need yall to Follow His tweets are mature and you can relate. Follow now! RT
it appears that he is trying!!! He has up hill battle ahead!!!
the speech went well looking forward o more in 2012 , take care
you think you have insomnia
beef jerky
is still with GC group
Club Sirius st Patties day on and poppin already! Get down here!!
: You are very welcome! Happy Sunday to you too and thanks for all of your support.
Our menu is new! Have you been in to see it?
Gotta do extra crunches after the shakes me & just smashed frm The Cookout!
I think birthday cakes may be the cause of obesity. My office has had three birthdays, thus three cakes this week.
Woah! That wasn't a motorcycle picture.
Certain shit I'm not a glutton for, for every bad bitch theres a nigga tired of fuckin her.
Thank you for bring back lots of sweedish chocolate. This is not going to be good for my diet
Im the shit at doing stuff at the last minute....but i don't like to brag. hehe
You WILL win this game!! Hahaha! 😘
an absolute benini sculpture of a goal!
Maccen watch a movie :P
- thanks for the tweet to remind me & retweet. We sent out a blast on it friday. About 200 opens. Hope to see you there.
⌂ Actually I DO feel sorry every time, I know how annoying it is. It's a bad habit that I'm trying to break.
Getting ready to have lunch w/ Marcus Brumer of Davis & Associates in Atlanta, long time client.
Hey, New York SLA peeps - who's going to the SLA-NY Happy Hour at Ulysses, downtown? I'll be there!
true lets do this to start off summer!
I'm just wondering when is gonna offer me up a sponsorship deal ;)
when will u be teaching a class at quest studio
MAKE THE MOVES ...
ugh, how to tread lightly when what is required is a good stomp?
what's your fav movie
i'm still figuring out life
Just got done grubbing now I'm back to work in da studio b4 I go grub once mo!!!
check out danklifeblog
the one in orchard park!
Ill pinch the shit out of you;)
Hearing chatter about Ron Paul supporters heading to Tampa for #RNC2012 convention. Keep it cool. Place will be like police state!
"LOUD NOISES!!" would have gotten the point across equally well and saved a lot of paint
This Dick Bitch!
you already know!
I always pause when I hear voice votes like the last one, that sound too close to call, but they just leave it there.
If rashad can't take jones down its gonna open his hands up big time if he can't he's gonna get picked apart from the outside!
Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day also just happens to be 's next Book Club read.
2night we hit at 9pm at the amazing w full live band + (NYC) & DJ
That should be "dairy", not "diary". We don't add people's personal journals to our yogurt, I swear.
And now I wanna change my name to "Dennis Kucinich," just for you.... ;-)
pandora flow today... Need the laughs
I learn from the best
Wade is such a pussy-ass sore sport.
By your thoughts you are daily, even hourly, building your life; you are carving your destiny. -Ruth Barrik Golden.
Don't have time to develop this, but for and 's JDRF t-shirt contest I'm seeing, "the original C Walk" in my head
Going on field trip to #ArlingtonHouse today, interested to see how earthquake repairs progress.
told myself i was starting homework at nine and what happened? nothing happened.
It was an interesting look...
I wonder if he looks back on our conversations, and smiles like I do.
“: Just got a phone call from my ex, he's horny and is on his way over. #bootycall” I wanna join u guys;)
Many will doubt simply because they will never achieve what they dream. But you only need few to believe in you to become king.
habanero maple syrup sounds amazing!
Thanks, again, for registering yourself, Jennifer and Laura for #umbcsocial. We look forward to seeing you in January!
Happy Birthday Thomas
damn not only does hate me becuz,of my bag he, will hate me more lol but its kool
All lasting business is built on friendship. - Alfred A. Montapert
you're welcome!!
U need to get on a plane today and come help me cheer the heros to a title. Lotta $65 sngs going off too
dig: Fred Hersch Trio's album "Whirl"
RT : AND WE'RE UP!!! #whoyouwit!
#oneletteroffmovies The Empire Strokes Back
Yep, got that. Just waiting for the Sat start time from you.
Only one guy did anything wrong there: the guy with abe lincoln tattooed on his adam's apple,
I believe everything happens for a reason. What's hard is trying to figure out that reason.
So what do i do now that your not around..
Well frankly I don't know how it ever died in the first place. : I'm in. Long live DLFC!
Hey what happened to my other pillow?! Now I only have one! And this one sucks ):
good luck, I hope you stay awake and your brain soaks in everything #sponge haha
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
i think its a wee bit passé to talk about what santa brought you.. merry christmas everyone!
Knicks are holding off the Heat with Chandler on the bench, that is key.
Good Morning! Late night, stayed up until 3am networking another printer to print more cruise documents! Going to deliver docs today! :)
lol! Let's give him a month there before we start asking for free shit
No Boyz Allowed tonight at Stoner Rec Center in West LA, and Q's after. Excited to meet my lovely teammates!
going to sleep in an hour. apwh makes you cool...
great link, thanks!
Big night in Mesher house. Both & have dates over 4 dinner. Mom is charming. Dad looking 4 his bat
We've got a new billboard up on 315 ... anyone seen it?
Dude, Phillies wont make the playoffs this year. Team is aging and cant hit. They should trade Hamels for some stud prospects
So she wants to be Lady Gaga.
That's good to know! I have a Canon - I've never purchased a Nikon. I'll need to keep that in mind!
nah. I doubt it.
He should just retire...
I always did look up to you the most Cap
Looking forward to tonight..doing interviews with artmiami.TV
Didn't hear back from you, so gave the extra seat away. But I'll buy you popcorn if you show. Hugs, Laremy
People do not like to insure against the abstract; the risk that inherits their attention is always vivid
Agreed. A business needs a legitimate web face.
I think I am better than you
Cat hair in my eye.
i'm having trouble with the new iPhone app upgrade. It's so slow. I can't use it all. Is there a way to revert to the old?
THAT WAS AWESOME! THE RING IMPLODED!
Or let me say FUKin LEECHEs...nt bout to suck me dry
Thanks guys. Good to know it's just twitter getting its crack fix and not me/my computer!
I can't change the past, but why can't I stop it from bothering me so much? My goal is to live in the now. see what is important in present
just taught Joan an amazing trick :D
I see you Bynum !
#sexisbestwhen you're really digging each other and there's alot of passion involved....
Heck yeah. See you then. Safe travels!
follow back
Hey guys, we ate at #Freebirds last night. Like the look of the place, people were great just wish the food was better.
and best movie about old man strength, ever
Thanks so much for the RT..and STILL screamin'...
hehe arres we'll do like a search and destroy um i mean find ana hehe
awee it's cute c:
: but if you truly think about it all I ever really go for our girls so I feel like this conversation is irrelevant
I am proud of the #UMC when we are working to end malaria but not when we exclude certain groups of people. All means all.
the picture!
How is your week coming along? Have you checked out our Educational Toys!?
I want to watch #Gabbarsingh again.This time, I will buy whistles and trumpets. Audience should match hero's wavelength you see :)
best wishes!!
Disappointed overall or that Edie wasn't included? Given what transpired between Sheridan + Cherry, didn't expect to see her.
RT : appears in new promotional video for Somali Youth League's Jan. 14 Walk4Somalia. Are you going?...
Long day. Knees are killing me, hands are rough, raw, and blistered and my biceps won't stop twitching
Zellers has enough votes for a plan that uses general fund tax dollars but not a plan that doesn't? Where is the speaker?
I had a dream that me and lived together
Oh, glad she cleared that up
please im begging you for my girls it would mean so much
Google Plus is taking over Facebook as an interactive social network. Do you agree or disagree?
Running is getting a little easier out here. I did about 1.5 miles today and didn't hurl or want to die! But then I had pizza and cake. Oops
YOU'RE UP, ASDFGHHJKL, GOOD LUCK!
YEP! got my ticket already, for the chicago show! stoked! YOU?
Don't forget to get a $20 gift card to KISS coffee for $10 at livingsocial.com! Plus, get 25% off all art and gifts.
not surprised. It seems like a good idea but the only things I've seen from them are posters, t-shirts and blog posts.
Conference tournament champions !!!!
Send a piece of that over. I'm hungry.
cant believe this crap...talk about a mini game changer
follow the lovely
RT : Thx! Thanks for thinking of us. Let's get caught up while we're in town
if you care to find me look towards the western sky!
In Vegas for two days! Plan to see Ka tonight
Scored suede black bootie wedges for $30 !
Rondo's jump shot is gettin better :)
Ata boy Turiaf do what you do best
Good thing that Ron Paul has absolutely no chance to win the nomination. He's the only #GOP candidate with plausible ideas.
TONIGHT: We pay homage to unsigned artists + celebrate 10 yrs of weekly showcasing (over 35 executives confirmed). Club Pyramid, NYC-8pm $20
ohh it does ? And why u mad at me ?
With all the baseball & sex references, I'm surprised I've never heard one about "scoring position"
That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you.
anyone know how to keep cats from eating fish (the aquarium kind)?
hey girly!!! Hope ur doing heart too :)
Radiology report is in, and the news is not good. Lower spinal problems have progressed to a severe level & surgery is likely in my future.
I just woke up from an hour nap, too, if that makes you feel better.
that is like a beautiful van gogh painting!!
Is this doing Karaoke?
You bet, Ron. Hope you're good.
The dude who played Kirk is a lock for the drummer. Who would also be a Cylon.
and I wanna see
#Royals fans, what happened with Dyson out at the plate 1st inning? Was the hit and run on? I'm only watching the gameday tracker...
oh yesh! Bring the band down sometime! We'll do a show swap. Maybe eat some chicken!
Hello wts good,Do you have a contact for production?
Tweeting birds, green grass, buds popping up, 54 degrees in Chicago on Jan 6... #ThisisWinter???
Great. I'm allergic to chigger bites.
just checked and it's not showing that I sent any spam. Can you send me what you received please?
I'm so sorry I haven't wished you congrats yet.
That's awesome right?? Can't miss it gotta watch it every week :)
told you that you would.
Oh ffs. Pagan class had guided meditation work. I fell asleep.
U know what i hate... Its when ur friend is only ur friend when hes single. Then he finds someone and he pretends u never existed.
You think you could give us a little peek for the summer line? ;)
just finished fotoshoot with some of my new outfits...
The only day a year I don't set my alarm and I wake up at 9:30
Why is my back always hurting :(?
How am I suppose to react when it's 2:30am and you asked me to answer your ph with a caller ID that read "Ass" and you're in my bed??????
I am loving this week's episode! The ghost chili is a must! It makes me crave turkey chili paired w/ Domaine Haegi Riesling!
i'll take latkes over ham any day
Found my outfit for Saturday. :3
YIKES! Good luck and post the results.
For some reason, I wish I had freckles. :)
"A biz proposal is diff than a proposition. Propositions won't sell. Need to build a relationship w your proposal," Andy Schloss
Still have my miniature WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE in German, bought at the Heidelberg train station in 1987. "Und jetzt machen wir Krach!"
way to ruin the ending for me Alejandro #excusemewhileigocry #inthiscornerundermybed 😪
Seriously. Who passes a funeral procession?
Are you going to be there, tweeting? I need to know when it's really starting - guessing around 11:30. Voting for Josh. Thx.
Tell me whatcha want, cause we can do just whatcha like ;)
This day is going great I passed my drug tEst yesterday
he got dunked on SAP! Lol
they both mean the same thing ..its twitter not school. :p
If you don't have FuelTV, FOX Deportes has the prelims for
#nfais let me take this moment to say that I know nothing of Australian music aside from Nick Cave, Ac/dc and the Dirty Three. I need Trove.
I40 West is a mess, but motorcycles on the shoulder r doing just fine
Remember that water is all you need if you only have one activity in a day and you are exercising less than 60 minutes!
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
We are now hiring, please email us at
Moonlighting on the morning shift and producing live at noon today with Tune in for lots of news mixed with some fun!
Oh ok then you don't watch basketball.
If you have an idea for either a social network, dating site, classifieds site or a combination of all three, WE CAN HELP YOU ! 619-795-2995
Is anyone watching Larry King Live who just saw that bizarre exchange?? Who was that?
That was awesome!!! Great Job!!!
Ramsell making K$ beautiful with
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. ~ Henry J. Kaiser
woow if u dont like why dont u just say so... no need to be fake
! love love love all of the above with !
But I love being ignored unless you need something! :)
My jaw is on the floor. Theon is entirely too drunk with power. Wow.
I got tomorrow and thursday off it's up to you. We can do tomorrow if u want to
I miss Austin
Never hope for the merman.
Save some for us! RT : Whats better than the Stanley Cup? A full size replica made of chocolate Gonna fill w peanut...
The car to my left and to my right both have #KeyWest stickers.
Ok, Twitter is way too addicting... haha #offlineforreal.. it think O.o
Come to the Hippocrates Cafe, 1/25, noon, Gingko Bistro. Readings of Woody Allen & other greats pondering the mysteries of Body Mass Index.
Lazy day. Drivin back to Ft. Collins later, meeting at 7, then time to go hard for 8 more weeks.
We need to get off TV and get to the bottom of this Ryan Braun test
so if we could just get rid of the people who strive for this so called "Normalcy" ...we'd all be good, right?? :) Let's do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No reeses for me! RT : Impossible! peanut butter cups? RT :
Tomorrow I'm throwing a twitter party at 10:00PM in honor of the boyz returning on ABDC. Don't miss it. (;
the airport ??? Omg Wut I thought they were driving ah can u tell me anything Please haha
I swear my whole school was at wendys 😳
Bike Night tomorrow. Rain or shine! (Indoors if it rains)
can you still be an environmentalist and still believe in paper towels?
A Quark Extractor Machine? Sure, loads of them.
my taste in movies was not very sophisticated. I also liked The Man w the Golden Gun, prob one of the worst movies ever!
Thx for following. Where are you getting your degree? Do you have an internship?
How do you make a housing biz plan without #fannie and #freddie. Wharton prof asks
which is exactly what I said. Shrieked, rather.
that is cool!
I know it is
you were amazing at the #teenhoot last night. Such a hard act to follow! Thanks for sharing the stage with us!
Very true words!
25.5k after level 1. Playing well, made some huge folds to big fish who get there a ton...
one more thing happy new years to u n ur family..keep up allthe good work ur so bless to do.God bless u n ur family...
Yeah ok... Yo what happened to this dude kickin knowledge?
Watching X-Men: First Class, followed by alcohol!! :-D
In Augusta airport!!
. With the kids and I sick this week, I missed my #idevblogaday Back to the queue I go, good luck to the next in line :-)
Okay, I'm drinking beer with michelada mix in it. (I can't believe I spelled that right! :)
too cute! What's her name?!
Checked out our statement from our Spotify listens today. Good news is, you're listening! Bad news: all your listens totals to $2.10!
Question of day....Best game promo you've seen or heard of?
hahahahahahahahah that was my favorite one
#np N.W.A. "Straight Outta Compton"
excuse me chicken and smoke....
On my hustle. Beautiful struggle.
Yes, I'm not the biggest account here, but I do love Ariana with all my heart & soul. Have faith in her! She don't disappoint ♥♥♥♥ ♥Bretana♥
RT - Cleveland Indians games, Cleveland Browns games, Cleveland Cavs games, Akron Aeros games and Cedar Point!
Gon get high az a kite and write my name in the clouds
You made my day extra special!!!! Thank you BFF!!!! <3 you!!!!
What do I have to do to get you to follow me?!?! :)
agreed. Jeremy found out because his ghost came to him :(
Be prepared for a rant from me y'all. Like what is with people out here? LA really drives people nuts. Being nuts looks good on no one.
well yeah you can't just mingle with ANYBODY haha
Work/Life balance is a fantasy. How about work/life integration?
A hard-on doesn't count as personal growth.
Fuck you college board!!!
finishing up my term paper...might be a little late to class today
OMG ME PLZ PLZ I WOULD LOVE U FOREVER <3
like having to deal with pain has ever stopped me before, consequences be damned :-)
I won my first game of beer pong thanks to
Hope you're having a great Easter Sandy! :-)
Just watched #americanhorrorstory. SCARY!
Thanks, you ROCK, my friend!
Had some "fruit sauce" with breakfast. I feel like a bonafide Benson. Lol
Great having you!
Cannot wait for Sonnen to whoop on the Bisbing until he's out for the "Count"!! Haha
Eff it. I can't nap now cuz I'll never go to sleep tonight..ugh
ha! Thanks! I love you guys!
Like I said before just because my tweet applies to you doesn't mean it's directed towards you, hoe.
tough series to miss! I'll cheer extra loud for you. I just picked up about 20 Tix too so maybe we can hit up another one.
#schoolmemories the way me and my team were well known by everyone
i want to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Is it just me or is Aaron Rodgers wearing "under armor" from the Bart Starr collection.
This kids butt crack is hanging out everyday... Nice air flow I guess.
Awesome list. My friend is in the Franklin Park pic!
Trained spotter reported half dollar size hail just SE of Lake Mills (Jefferson Co.) as storms moved through.
Got my awesome costume for my final/play tonight. I'm sure my slut wife and her lover are excited too.
That all sounds good. When you launch do a mention of us so I can admire what you built. Happy to retweet to promote it for you too
Woodfish with Zoso (Led Zeppelin Tribute) at The Starland Ballroom on Saturday Feb 19th! Get tickets now at www.woodfishmusic.com
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of other people's opinions
Thanks! I followed back :) RT : You've been followed :)
We'll miss you!
This Thurs. join me and Sat. I'm booked for a grand opening at a club in the valley. Details coming soon!
Did lakers win last night passed out.. I'm guessing they dint.. smhhh.
watching the news I guess there is protesting going on back home or something ?
Judging by my sunburn/tan, summer is here!
Going to play the first place team in kickball... we will beat them tonight! I can feel it
Congratulations and thanks for entering.
Well, guess I should call it a night.
Health care providers could ask about preferences for learning. What tools could they use to adapt info to learning style?
Well aren't you the sweetest? PS. When do you move? I need a catch-up date before this happens.
I don't know what I ate!
we all need a girls day together! Love u my girls!
Thanks for the follow. I'm following back. We're looking for a label for Interested?
If you have Facebook, sync it w/ your acct. You can see your activity log (every song) & other stats.
#epharma. Good social media policies allow enough flexibility for rapid responses - fard johnmar presenter
Ready for the CIC Digital Humanities gathering today in Lincoln.
Wtf a girl is still wearing uggs to school....
no im actually 56...still younger than you tho
I always find a way to spill something on myself while eating. EVERY TIME! why?
Went to get my S3 DVDs from 's The Wire Box Set and was crestfallen to see that it has duplicate disc 2s and no disc 1
Congrats to Spencer Locke who has just booked a Guest Star on CSI Miami!!!! 2012 shall be named "Year of the Pumpkin"!
Honestly, write the best songs ever. They are so poetic. I'm in love with it. I hope they never stop writing beautiful music. <3
Parents can help manage ADD symptoms by being clear about what behaviors they want a child to work on.
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine."
you hear the rack city verse on my fbook?
this school bus irritates me..its way to sensitive to the little bumps in the road and the rocks.
aww miss u too girly im at the death trap right noww 😷✌
Great, but that seems to imply that it's not *usually* (which is good enough) used for reprints/reissues, right?
If a girl says "whatever", She really means, "I hope you get shot, Fall off a bridge, Get raped by a shark, And then eaten by it.
I know how you feel! And it hella pisses me off
just started reading Elizabeth Dyrud Lyman's dissertation "Visible Language in Theatrical Texts" and am already impressed.
Working w today!! HAM
I bet! Is it just you guys or is someone else performing too
House adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until February 27.
thats fine love, and i kno you dont want to be blastin ya personal shit on the TL so you wanna DM?
Damn! You are right about that! 14 - 14 just like that..,
Your tweet got lost. I am so sorry. I hope you were able to get in with Iris when you wanted. She rocks!
I just almost died when i heard the rumor about Justin Bieber dying! D:
Sweet! You can now assign a user name to a Facebook Fan Page. Check out ours: www.facebook.com/boldtechnologies and become a fan!
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quicky! ~ 2pac
Great post, should be required reading for all managers/executives. Empowering individuals is more effective than giving orders.
[Actually Blue Valentine is a great film].
2012 film watching! #37. The Grey (Carnahan, 2012) Well made film, a survival horror film. Verry depressing though.
Near, far, wherever you are you better get to a computer because we'll be posting our big V Day screenings sometime between now and noon!
Why does school have to be so hard
“: I will have a Range Rover. I will have a nice house. I will have Armani suits. I will have money... Plenty of money.”
thanks for listening. Let us know what you think.
"My adventure tank is a little low." -
: You are butt at basketball, hahah.
Have a Good Day Twitter
B1 Live up!
insanity is not doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. That's called perseverance
Happy Tuesday, friends!
Theyre nice its unnerving. But good.
If this feeling of soreness, fatigue and dry mouth progresses much more, I may just have to admit that I'm sick and go back to bed.
Farm Column: Dairy calf housing has evolved from stalls, pens - Fond du Lac Reporter
I already paid too late.
I really want to get a puppy.... Hopefully I can find a puppy that likes music. LOL
Found out reads the audiobook version of Ready Player One during the signing at Boswell Book Company tonight. Neat!
no it didn't work out! Lecrae was gone on tour:(
How are we a first-world country and haven't yet outlawed 1 ply toilet paper? If there's ever a need for Government regulation, this is it!
Buying loads of music to redo my iPhone
U See My Winter Hats??
just saw your message! what a jerk?
This is some kind of sign. I just found #Roadhouse on cable for the second time in three weeks. Maybe the #Rapture is imminent after all.
Mystery bird sound in our production track is really giving is fits. #wtfbirds??
my husband said yesterday.."man, youre not on twitter anymore...THANK GOD! LOL YOURE BUSY NOW LOL " 0_O lol i am really busy these days..
Ion know wuz worse......accepting failure or bein afraid of success. They BOTH bad n my opinion.
Catalogers, what are some differences between working in public and academic libs., apart from obvious classif. systems?
Boston says no - you have a proximity infatuation with bledsoe..he's not that good...boston could do way better
Pow!!! RT : pussy cat won't fight Margarita or PAC Man
yes, thanks. Proposal submitted!
the new Tokyo Police Club is ridiculously good
Love this.
Bulls & Hawks tonight $2 all bottles, $3 Call Drinks & Shots, $5 Bombs. Open at 1pm every Thursday
in the book, it talks abt forgiveness and trust. You can forgive the person, but that doesnt mean u trust them. So true.
Thanks love!
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow. ~ L. Ron Hubbard
I hope everyone has a good weekend!
Overfilled my damned swimming pool. Oh well, so hot in AZ it'll evaporate quickly.
I'm my brothers keeper and we closer than a rib
It feels, smells, tastes, sounds, everything like a game day.
Haha, thank you!
Thank you for reminding us that it's lunch time. And yes, #cookies are for lunch too.
yes we do. We are ready to rock!! Hit me up anytime.
hey guys, at what point do i learn to keep my big, fat mouth SHUT?
yes very good! great workouts, great weather and great time with my family :)
Can some1 help me w/ my language arts? We had 2 pick a topic& say why something is dangerous & I'm doin cheer. Can ppl help me 4 reasons y?
Ed Lasowska on exponential growth of computing tech: Apollo strength computer now available in a
data doesn't take decisions, however it really helps you be more confident In the decision making process says
Yes?!?? Who hasn't seen that! And #BrokeDownPalace ... Classics lol
by the way I respect KNOWLEDGABLE and CLASSY female fans. Have a nice night.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool when the fuck am I gonna need to know this?
Education Notebook: Central Georgia Tech aims to help low-income, minority students
Another letter that baffles me: "As a business professional in the Education industry..." Um...since when am I a business professional?
Marcel says purple. Reconsidering my participation.
Found $10 pooper scooping my yard. I'm telling myself it is a Christmas tip from my dogs.
How was everything!
Some pol just dnt know how it feels to have a mother that does nothing for yu unfortunately I'm one of those ppl
When I was in the shape that I was in that photo I would go to the gym 3 times a week for a few hours and I was running with a weighted ...
aw you just made my day!!! #loveit #Twinsies 🎂🎉🎁👯<-- that's us happy on our bday!!!
Dare to go Bare this Halloween! Between today and Oct. 31, buy a pair of shoes and get a copy of Born to Run or a pair of socks FREE!
Rematch! Brady is gonna want revenge for the ruined little measly perfect season a few years ago!
Saw "GAWW!" and a newsweek link, like "oh shit! Fresh is in newsweek!?" Shoulda known it was a picture of a damn cat smh haha
Imperial pizza and fingers
The Voice is so cute right now. Except Christina in panties......
Congrats to Nicki S. for winning the beast!
I know... but it's just so disappointing he didn't even try for it. Keep up the good work! Enjoy your show!
Got the #NewBing it's awesome!! Now just ready to win the #lumia 900 from
yeah its kraazy
thank you! I spent it grading but had a nice dinner :)
so very true, Guinness bottles tend to just make me sad. Unless it's their Black Lager which I really like.
Kevin Baggott's film HERE is now titled BENEATH DISHEVELED SKIES! I also have lead roles in other upcoming projects.
Being single doesn't mean your always available.
On The Score tomorrow- 9:05- Rockies pitcher Joe Beimel! Tune to AM 1510
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Im always thinking...always
I don't mind Bieber, but that would be fucking great.
A higher Ed working group, been attending for years
Its been 7 days since we hung out
perfect got it -no its working
We are now on your smartphone!!!! Check us out at www.Wolfeyedesigns.com!!
Thanks 4 following me ! Nice 2 meet you here on Twitter! You are my 1st friend from UT. I have flown over but never visited
I would have to say it's the best of the joys of painting with Bob Ross! The guy is amazing!
telling myself I'm checking out #slpeeps for #BSHM but seriously procrastinating because I need to workout
Hope you snacked on one yesterday – it was National Chocolate Chip Day!
Switch scrolling so it's not backward. Everything else is livable.
Goodness,Rachell! Stunning economic illiteracy on your part. It's competition at it's best, with savings for consumers.
set realistic goals for yourself. unrealistic goals often lead to exercise dropout or injury
KPO vendors are constantly trying to improve on their language capabilities
At home, taking care of my son today!
Good morning followers. What a beautiful day to entertain. 157 this morning. I thank you all......
What are you doing fun this US holiday weekend? Sitting by the pool.... melting.
#Toyota #Corolla loaner base model was OK but a bit bland. By comparison, #Matrix is wagon, has sunroof, AWD, and stiffer suspension.
I'm getting lots of unwanted / unwelcome tweets either mentioning me or DMs. How do you stop these? Prob just made it worse, huh?
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary...
Got a bad bitch look tropic, fuck me right & she shoppin.
keeper implies protector, which is what curate used to imply before it turned into selector. Either way, i like it.
Its coming...
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT! ♥ and tell me if u did
Saw my first card-holding hipster of the season. Oxfords, suspenders, chromed bike helmet, messenger bag, and tiny mustache all installed.
Still waiting for the day when Peter O'Toole live-tweets during a broadcast of Lawrence of Arabia
you're going to love it out there - I just know it!
Sweet Setup
Me either. I just made one to have it since my friends kept bugging me about it. I never know what to tweet about...
She's in Nicaragua
Got a mind boggling decision to make this week. Going to sleep on it and go from there.
“: top 5 beyonce song!” excuse me
There are literally hundreds of food additives including colors, flavors, spices and preservatives, that are added to the foods we eat...
and those were supposed to be the "good" white people...
The term "memory crickets" isn't used enough in conversation.
Dr. Marvin Smith is written about: stevehabib.blogspot.com Marvin's music is on: vimeo.com/bugalusmith
I just got a call from someone asking if im fat. It was so weird
The realist niggas say ya lyrics do shit for me
Will do! RT tell the hubby we said hello! Had lunch with the Doppmans on Monday in DC. Hope all is well!
Today's Daily O LTE from Councilmember Lawson should give us pause...
Who's goin to tonight?! ||
Israel, We loved having you as a judge (and Gazelle as a sponsor) - thank you!
Too cold in LA today, roadtrip to Palm Springs!
Awesome seeing you and the space shuttle. Did y'all stay for the last 2 passes?
It ain't really as hot as I thought it was.
Yeah, yeah, you betcha! Welcome.
#SD users. If you're near Pacific beach Surf Shop take a photo of the beach and upload to Earn cash!
MARISKA WILL WIN PICTIONARY!! sorry jimmy........
Hahaha! God bless you too!
congrats on the nomination!
Time To whack off then going to sleep.. lol jpjp I'm not even going to sleep yet.
Get it girl come on I'm prayn n fingers r crossed
Don't worry, it usually only takes about a day.
#stm2012 Looking forward to next week's conference!
for as much as we know about space and the depths of the sea, the complexity of the human condition seems an infinite mystery.
So pissed I wasn't invited to the Oscars despite all my nominations.
Oh yeah, the 1hr NISO eBook webex isn't just for my Open Annotation slides... cut, cut, cut...
I just shared an elevator with what may/may not have been Patrick Stewart. He was eating a bag of kettle corn. My day beat your day.
Call (317) 264-3585 to make a reservation at #Indy's favorite #Italian restaurant.
Thanks for sympathies! Nothing antibiotics can't cure but still. That sh*t is nasty!
let me get that follow back Rachel!
where is that??
van troubles, truly sorry!
Contagion: Another movie that makes me want to become a gun nut and get a two-bedroom apartment so I have room to stockpile food and water.
#mm come see us all at Firehouse 13 tonight!
double high fives!!
did someone hack your account? Haha
ahh sorry i didnt reply, didnt get a notification! -.- but ah right how come you see it in boston and not in lincoln? :o x
life, love and the reason for all things
We can not be so content in our lives, in our ministries, in our stuff that we forget that Jesus charged us with the Great Commission. GO...
sec211 I'll try my best to get there!
one pissed off bitch right now.
Today, as I heard on the radio, is the day The Beatles broke up. So I'm listening to them all day, well minus work time.
I heard y'all ,y'all r great singer follow plz
Massage is therapeutic for your relationship. Try it!
Bout to go to school and see my besties ^_^
Utah State's kicker is NOW qualified to play for the Broncos
girl I got nervous!! Don't ever fast on Me lol happy v day
Only like 4 good bands :( I'm so tempted to go to Nevada.
Man, that Cartwheels On A Gravel Road song by Lucinda Williams is great.
I hate knowing you crushin on someone , && you want them ....but cant get them b/c they so dumb NOT to notice a good thing
Thanks for the RT! Cbad Street Fair was great! What is your favorite thing to do in #SanDiego?
I find it amusing when people misuse big words in the attempt to sound smart.
Had a great time at Ladyface singing Irish drinking songs last night. Great titles like "Beer Beer Beer" and "Whiskey You're the Devil".
I feel irritable and overly aggressive if I DON"T have french fries and cookies...
I'm up cant sleep i havent bn to sleep alday, now I'm goin to eat popcorn and watch a movie don't know wat though, m :-!
slow night 50 -1 at bills gamblin hall.. couldnt get it going ... up 10 bucks lol bo self
did they really break up?
not currently but we may in the future for sure.
If that gecko lets you know whether he's British or Australian, will you report back to me? Legit request.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless
Roller coaster day in the bucs sign Eric Legrand, bounty gate suspensions, now Junior Seau dead, and It's only 1:30.
ugh. coffee is starting to make my tummy hurt.):
Exciting final day on the set of "Wolf Trap". Congrats to cast and crew on a very special production!
Hey buddies! Try it now!
I heard your book is on the shelves, congrats! Can't wait to read it
Turn to you
followback,is Sexy related to sexy tweets
What are you in the mood for? How about or Edo's Squid
YEAH!;D
Hello my tweeps how's it goin?
I won't be at HH, but Saturday sounds fine. I'm thinking of hitting up the startbucks between your place and mine sometime soon!
Thanks so much!
oh yea i saw that
Haha! I have and agree.
At oaks park on thisbeautiful day family day today :))
omg I told u we had the longest convo by 2 sec and u hung up
Singing " I never thought you'd be the 1 make me shine brighter than the sun"
Or...anywhere in LA.
Come Check us out @ Peppers in Broad Ripple on Saturday night!!!!
Just seen the march down Market St... F@#ing Awesome!
#YouNotUglyBut your cockiness level should not be that high .
K, Lsu lookin like ruskin right now
Good Morning (:
I am SO lucky 💗
So important to have photos on fb. New timeline is image driven.
Working, Indian food, work, Ugly Truth with some Frenchies
Getting ready for work:
All work and no play does not describe a WAAL Conference - 2009 or 2010.
Worth a look ": Checking out the #NationBuilder webinar with There's another one Tuesday, worth a look!"
I can't stop thinking about the application of the over-the-top technologies concept to whole genome sequencing. Sure I'm not alone in this.
Bittersweet. Have a huge stash of unused iPhone USB cables from over the years. Glad they are updating it though.
Quit hiding behind the filibuster and do your job! Jusrt give us an up or down vote
I am so in love with Adventuretime. Finn is my man.
My past makes me who I am right or wrong bad or good I dont regrate my past or who I am today..
I'm so jealous of because she's dating Zac Efron and I'll never have him. 😢🔫🔫
Wait...did I just hear the Republicans say they are going to "caucus to listen to some music?"
Feeling a sour gummy worm craving coming on. It either means that I am getting creative or just really stressed. Fear, it's the latter...
just finished the hbs partners panel for ASW...what a difference a year makes :)
Visit us at the Assessment Institute in Indianapolis, Oct 30 – Nov 1.
<3 ritee I go to sleep listen to music
Gov Patrick:"people actually want more service, longer hours, modest and totally appropriate expansions like Green Line to Tufts and beyond"
Hollywood is pissa. Let's make a shitty movie like Battleship and sit back and think... How can we make this really shitty? Add Rihanna!!
the starting two guard on the Detroit Homeless squad. RT : Who the hell is that?? lmao
I know bro like I want her back! I feel like Jasmine Sullivan! :/
I'm real late. MCA from beastie boys died! Man my entire youth is crumbling before my very eyes. I'm that old guy saying "this was the jam"
I am so pissed
also.. I want to steal his hat. I could totally rock that
It was what it was...maybe next year.
hello gorgeous!:)
always! & i need to visit you guys soon :)
I just wanna cry
This one photo has it all in one place. The family dining table -the 50's - a time of peace, prosperity and cool stuff.
RT “ I'ont brag im gone let yo nigga do that for me :)”
Who has swipes for the cafe?
WOW - so sad : RT : BREAKING NEWS: Beastie Boys rapper MCA, Adam Yauch, is dead at age 47.
haha! I'm worried I did clean out a few tweeps I didn't mean to!
I would half to watch it again..
Get the latest on Radiology by attending one of the many Small Animal sessions brought to you by Securos, Universal Ultrasound.
haha your probably right!
I been good. How about yourself
hey u wassup
sick, huh? More like travisgetshometoday-itis
true, true... I need to come back to lakeside! Hey do you still have that "lakeside basketball" shirt? :)
wood and prior were awesome RT : Man, 2003 was a long time ago.
Someone by my locker is wearing way too much perfume.
"If you end up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to everyone who ever told you how to live your life then you deserve it"
Of course! We love to tweet about our fellows' activities.
I'd like to know if the thermometer in my car is broken or it's really 59 degrees all day and night every single day.
Hates when plans fall through.👎😔
Why all the historical angst today?
Just got some bus tix to a client near Pike Place Market
wats goin on...i wanna b down
Cool, I be right out. Btw I never wear a suit!
Need an update on vps305 server and when it will be back up!
Giants in an unbelievable performance upset the Packers!
awesome Ben. Thanks for the follow. Connect with me on Linked In too if you can!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill
Oh three door slams. Yeah, that will teach me.
guys who play #baseball are so hott.
Ohio polls closing in 15 min to repeal SB5. Save collective bargaining rights. #public sector workers
My committee straight out the septic tank- SHITTY.
#CowboyNation game on!
“: heyy how are ya!!!!” I'm great! It's bright and sunny in Nashville! How are you?
Have a good day everyone! XOXO
so have you moved to #NYC or do you just have a apartment to stay in the week while you do the five?
Thanks for the RT Simon!
u betta be..but we shall see one another when its warm and time to get naughty :)
lmao.... if it was me I would have stolen their car seats!
According to , I'll have better luck in Texas!
OMG. Just saw the news!!! So awesome! Congratulations! There are not enough exclamation points in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Packing up everything in my room basically has taken almost a week...haha
My e-mail love fest with and has been rekindled, for now. All is right with the world.
Ask about the Tour of Scottsville at Charmed Butterfly Boutique on Valley Street, across from Dollar General.
Remaining calm and keeping your head is one of the keys to success. If you allow yourself to be an emotional out of control mess, you lose.
Customer Testimonal from 12-28-11 Luke Miller is haven "Smokin Good BBq" for dinner.... o god its so good!!!
Something tells me not trust her , and I forgive and what not , but nahh cuz something tells me its all for attention.
Good mornin! Got a great nights sleep!
I'm with you. It has been way too long since we shared kimchi prepared 95 different ways.
Thank you for leaving alone
Nov 2010 was the #teaparty taking back control of elected officials, the fear in #republicans is not disquised, 2012 is ours not theirs
I'll be gone after 1:30 today, but will be here most of tomorrow. You can also just leave by my back door anytime.
we're powering the Entertainment section of TBD. Let me know if you'd like to chat about it!
But wait......I didnt put that hickie on your neck.
Race for th Cure today at Boom town, please stop raining!
I finally give in and try to join Pinterest, and now I'm on a waiting list?
thank you Delanie!!! Same to you :)
The only info confirmed about the release date is that it's later this year.
#Carmel holds off #Kokomo to advance to the regional final.
so happy it's christmas week :-)
you are going to have a craving for a few days my friend. We are closed thru Tuesday.
I jus ride in a ride with my top down. Big enough for all my niggas
Kobo Partners With Dark Horse Comics
great job at #PRSAICON your talk was the perfect mix of strategy and tactics, nice slides too. Thanks for the education.
MALE PROMO MODELS NEEDED for #SXSW event on 3/15. Must be TALL (like 6'6") and VERY muscular. msg me for details.
: I like to follow me peers. Lolz XD
