My man Mike is ripping up the radio as Hamlet right now. WAMU
A few hours from showtime!
I'm Prime Minister of pissing people off. The Ruler of Rubbing You The Wrong Way & Shit.
Even though I want to leave I will always find a reason to stay
#ASKKIAN why are you do good looking?
Searching for coffee, one of the proverbial quests of every musician!
#jerrybrown just went over the 50% threshold, i guess $150mm doesnt go as far as it used to, Meg.
I pretty much feel like for the last six days someone has been kicking me in a barn.
I used to love her, but I have to kill her
These are my absolute most favorite people on the planet 🌎☺
Tat My Name On You Girl So I Know Its Real Tat My Fucking Name On You So I Know Its Real
i'll let you know ASAP... I might just go one night
a lot happened. And the memories of it just all came up and out like I just vomited them out
LOL - I had some blue cheese and salami in my salad yesterday. My coworkers were not happy. ;)
why you no follow me too ????
Woot, suck it Rangers!
This I just want my pants back is looking like my kind of show.
"I'm thankful I have everything I want. And no one else has anything better." - Betty Francis. Spoken like a true Republican.
#2011in4words Fuck this year's drama.
No, they finished the dunk contest. : #ThingsBetterThanTheDunkContest LEBRON and the 4th QUARTER”
MY ANKLE CAME DOWN ON IT WRONG
Awesome Chipotle commercial, but I prefer Qdoba.
Week 4 is already underway...just another weekend of competitive youth basketball throughout Colorado!
At my BestFriends house watching her eat cheesecake lol :-)
Ever have moments when everything comes #fullcircle? I have
Hair Kitty Kitty: Wedding Hairstyle Ideas
just thought I'd ask... What the heck are SheWee's? ;)
I'm thinking the DUEL hitting coach thing is WORKING.
THIS---->“: Sorry, orange parking cone. You have been replaced on our OL.” Laughing my a$$ off here.. Omg
You could build a new arena with all the bricks the Kings are putting up tonight.
watching the saints kick off the season at b-dubs who dat!!
yeah. I have a bio about him on my FB under my about me section. He's my alter ego ;-)
God gave me you for the days of doubt And for when I think I lost my way There are no words here left to say, it's true God gave me you
The Missionaries in Haiti are in a bad position. The Missionary position. Hee haw
WHAT IT DEW PIMP
Do you think when mobsters in the Galapagos dump a body they say, "He sleeps with the turtles."?
- 3 "great" officials collecting a paycheck who couldn't care less, knowing that RU wasn't going to win 5 games in 5 days
me too! I was mad about it.
on a roll! > “: American or Canadian? RT : what is two plus two?”
I think but I think they actually helped blocking the ball it could've been worse
Troopswap DC is now providing weekend deals and we couldn't be happier. A new deal a day, seven days a week.
Good luck to the homies at the Battles tonight, tear em up!
The greatest run in NFL history came from some damn skittles
you're not into that??....weird...
Make a difference after graduation. Attend the info session Monday (2/13) from 5-6pm in McKinley 155
Uhoh. Here's hoping the birthday celebrating hasn't ruined you. ;) Happy Birthday Weekend!
“: we need to get #forTony trending” retweet this
Thanks for your Tweet love!
Who wants a sneak peek at the first song from my band Life As A Martyr's new EP?! For fans of BMTH, Woe, Is Me, Miss May I, Parkway, etc!
Follow me on instagram
Thanks bro, Do you have a Tumblr?
#teamfunsize where y'all at??? RT for a s/o
you! to my knowledge, we haven't yet worked with can't wait to meet them though!
Whenever The Spurs Lose Goes Into Hiding Like A Hoe.
No way. Three Toes is a cultural singularity.
E am "oh, i am too stupid to show up to driver meetings. Wreck him.
I am impressed!
Simple. Creativity. RT : Roses are red, violets are blue. Reddit. Bacon. Poet...ry?
Happy birthday <3
*poofs him back to me - puts a magic spell on the mansion. no magic*
hahaha I love Jordan :)
Ellie Mae Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Smoking weed under star projectors
The mcfadden ward coference for historic houses has pulled together amazing speakers on museums, audiences and history.
George...are you hopping on the Kings bandwagon with everyone else?
It was listed under Green Tea. *sulk*
hail straightedge
I hate sleepin alone...guess a cold night without her :(
Siri, clear my schedule today. I'm ready for a nap.
Yes!:DRT : So me and are pulling a Jessica tomorrow hahahah! :')
Will I ever see You smiling back at me How will I know If I let you go
I just got off work and I already ate so just come afterwards if you want. Bubble bath here I come.
for those local, we are filming this sun apr 29 in kendallville. if u wanted to be in my video, plz email me
Your song must get played for at least 60 seconds before it counts as a BDS spin. One verse in the mixshow aint gone cut it.
My husband: "You say 'curmudgeon' like it's a bad thing."
Indeed! #wherearethemen? RT : Want to see a reverse gender gap? Come to a museum conference.
#thanks RT : Shout out to , one of the most intelligent and hard working managers/entrepreneurs in the business.
Loving staying up all night its pritty cool it is hella foggy out side
Tryna survive through all the pain and rough..
Good luck!!!
My gift to my mom is letting her watch me play baseball
I love driving<3
1-Buy sign 2-Activate it 3-Enter your listing details 4-Setup your voicemail 5-Direct prospects to ur website 6-Return v-mail on ur schedule
Thinking about what to do.. hopefully our plan works out..
- hey Ramsay! Send me your email via DM and i'll reach out directly. Thanks!!
#Bttrr was a gem as always! So glad the weather behaved!Here's to another sunny day tomorrow when we go to Lincoln Pointe in Aventura 5-10pm
My mom's so fucking stupid and dramatic.
Football after school, #EXCITED!
lol...I've been talking trash all day about the opener. Pretty sure that means the giants automatically lose.
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest #marketing like Ms. Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake #Jamaican accent?
Tonight I'm at Beckett's Public House and club kiss 1-2am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago and 1035kissfm.com!
Taking every ounce of restraint not to reread Catching Fire right now but then I wouldn't sleep tonight.
lmao! Actually Im only doing Skewers. Everything is being taking care of :)! Although you know I can't stay away from a grill
Good morning =)
That sounds great! I am inspired and am gonna plan to get out of the city before the real winter hits and hit the trails! :B
Or at least I hope I'll be able to make it through the first one, if the kiddo cooperates
you suck :P
Grading essays and wondering if my students were paying attention to the question.
I am there daily.. I feel your pain!
RT : Broncos WR Brandon Lloyd's 18.8-yard receiving average ranks fourth in NFL history for a season (min. 75 catches).
"But despite our best...efforts, I do not see a viable path forward for CLASS implementation at this time," Sebelius in letter to Congress
Courses selected for Ames
And by "trauma" -- I mean physical, emotional, mental, sexual, etc., as trauma creates a dysfunctional relationship between body and food.
Reviewing my photos....i think I have crossed eyes - anyone else notice that?
I'm all up in the Lights, Camera, Social Action panel, hoping this doesn't turn me off progressive message films.
BRING INTELLIGENCE 2 UR GAME / B.I.G. H. I..T.T.S. High Intensity Tackle Training Systems. No missed tackles, Out hit ur opponents
There are some scumbags out there... fo sho
my favorite part is laying 40:1 on answers I'm 99% confident on. Good old fashioned degen moneymaking schemes.
Where's my car, where's my keys, where's my clothes?
No one Compares to me...
BITCHES GETTIN LOCKED UP FOR THESE NIGGAZ AND THE NIGGA CAN'T PAY HER BOND!?? DATS SUM SAID SHIT MANE!
Walkin over competition with no muscle to easy
makes Inside even better too
The house hunting begins! And we might need a 3rd roommate but you would need to meet strict criteria.
Aw snap, Corey Red is back! Big Ups to all the artists & KMRS
i want to be the best i can; for me, for you, for every man.
:) haha hey i taled to mama! About us going to the beach!
Praying for women and children who are abused. May God help you through.
txt me!
BS! straight up
If you're in town for the upcoming holidays, we have a resident who needs some help with her kitten. Let us know!
finding the correct pair of socks in that big black bag is a
We're talking about #WhitneyHouston this morning. Remembering her and the very latest on the investigation into her death.
I actually haven't been here in months! Need to do work, but need to absorb the sun more!
So glad you're back. Just don't over do it plz.
Just watched "Every Little Step" for the first time! Such a wonderful documentary!
Rose will be okay! This off season I'll bulk him up to a solid 215.
Well mommy n dad got me tacos so I feel a little better ... Unfortunately I still feel like shit so I'm not too hungry
Thank you Martin Sheen for coming out to the screening tonight! What an inspiring & beautiful film!
Selling a bunch of equipment. Canon, Profoto, and other stuff. Email me at if you're interested.
Tomorrow night Im gonna be at Recher Theatre in Towson for playing with Fuel! Afterparty at Mobys in Fells with
Bossypants was perf. Finished it on the flight. Now onto 's Most Talkative!!
Holy moly, todays library welcome for new hum/soc sci PhDs was fantastic, lots of great questions & convo. My first official SC talk down.
did you like orlando
My new favorite way to say something is a bad idea: "Many Bothans may die." via
My second family <3
bring some stank with u RT : I might have to come by there when I get off work tomorrow
Jeremy Lin is hot garbage. Worst team in the NBA and they lose...good game.
That means next week intel will launch ivybridge. The rule of upgrades states that when an upgrade starts new hw comes out
you've been annoyed lately cuz ur iPhone case is too slippery
i know really - recruiters are getting kinda desperate and lame
The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman nor an Empire.
when yells your name creepily down an aisle at meijers ... 😱
That is a big deal! We don't have any close so I have to buy it from the store.
hey follow me italiana
time to bite the bullet and do my taxes. I am sure I will continue my streak of 5 straight years of owing money.
I love reading the teacher appreciation tweets. I'm retweeting a few, but happy to say there are way too many to retweet all.
Man down!
RT : Wow! People using spiral-bound notebooks and pens seem retro and countercultural here at the Mac-dominated
My motto: Love me or leave me alone!
I gotta get out and go do somethin..
I agree. I guess we shall see what happens.
: more than half of Google searches use 3 or more keywords
that's what u texted last night u said ERICA. N stop shouting out my government
Cisco and Citrix have both had virtual switches running on hypervisors a couple of years now. Not the same thing as what this
The biggest part of your view on the Bogut trade has to be your opinion of him returning to 09/10 pre-injury form.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
It's the same for gay Republicans. Teabaggers know the 1% pisses on them for sport still they are GOP enablers
We’re glad to hear you’re kicking off the week with a Sunbelt bar! Which one are you munching? RT: M sunbelt granola bars
Anyone want to do emerils stadium for the masters tomorrow?
": Got hurt playing Baseball. Separated Shoulder. :-/ So disappointed but it could've been worse. Hangin' in!!!" Feel better !x
We all make mistakes. Some of us have just learned to apologize, grow from them, and move on. Don't let an error paralyze you...
Coolin it. Happy :))
Am sure our president is black but we are still going more racism in America more than before. Mr. President we need your help!
Play ball!
Apparently my fake Scottish accent is too atrocious for both my coworkers and Siri. I consider that a win.
Catching up on recent work by and - makes engraving work so much more pleasant.
Why am I so ugly?
Thrones is the one. The Killing has a stellar first season but went off rails right at start of season 2
Haven't I been good today y'all??
I will remember that, to find the joy in rainbows I must endure the rain.
I'M GOING TO SEE HUNGER GAMES! ...on Wednesday afternoon, when everyone else is at work or school, the way it was meant to be.
thanks girl!!!! mama wanted me to get every pair of shoes in buckle idk what's wrong with her today!! But I love em to
10yrs ago, u graduated. Lol RT “: 10-year high school reunion this summer. What the fuck happened?”
Boyfriend best song !! ;)
We've got and in the office, talking with and about the emerging UNY startup scene.
“ Whenever I get mad, I just imagine a t-rex trying to pick up a basketball.”
Noeleen: When picking your spokespeople cast a wider net and find people who are likable. The CEO of BP is not a good example.
i moved out. *laughs* you missed Riley's rebellious phase.
RIP Matt Hughes <3
is that a 40 oz protein shake or muscle milk
Thanx for the RT. See you in class
sounds amazing...and delicious, even though it's the skins
He still gives the best hugs. <3.
get back to me when dr. Buss is begging fans to show up and on time.
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
I was rooting for Jeff & Jordan until Jeff evicted Danielle, now I am glad Jeff was the next to be evicted
My revenue is working in inverse proportion to the number of tweets I send out. Just sayin'
Anything good to eat in Waco?
We are having a meeting of the reference librarians at NJIT today
Come to my Acting Class TONIGHT! 7pm We're going to work on auditioning skills. Class is only $20. Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave #1203 NYC
Lovin it! Makes me want to attend the #saa2012 4pm Collections committee meeting!
you're welcome! keep up the great work!
“ #Aquarians don't forgive so easily. Good luck ever getting their trust back”
yeah, me too! but, here comes a migrain. i can feel it. / ': #GREAT!
#leadership means someone has chosen to follow you... Are you a leader or a #bully?
RT “: Camera Awesome - the newest best iPhone app ever? And free! Check it out.
I. Love. You. come back to atlanta. and i NEED fortune. :)
Lesson learn dont even trust friends .......
Classes r over!!! #schoolsout 2nite come vibe @ the venue w/
USPS all the way Matt...no need for ups unless someone specifically requests it ;)
HAHAHAHAHAHA. I will alert the neighborhood cats.
Ready for this first game to roll around because practice be hell
Where did he get an assault rifle!?
wow that's super cool. Maybe we'll see you there
Thanks for the #FF friend!
I'm so comfy I don't want to move... but I have to... ugh
I don't know I kind of want to bedazzle my kids on occasion. Make them match my outfit? What? You don't do that?
Stupid work schedule ;( I have a feeling ima die
I am pretty sure i was Cookie Monster in my past life.. like literally, like literally seriously!! Or maybe i kinda still am?
Peeing on a boat is a great challenge in life.
If you got nothing good 2 say, sit it down and S.T.F.U.
A half hour in the waiting room of a neonatal intensive care unit gives you some perspective, that's for sure.
Another GOPer endorses after winner is determined. RT : RT : Rick Perry endorses Romney.
I know right?!! Prob why that came from THAT account. lol
The "invisible hand" of the marketplace is the most ridiculous form of faith yet devised.
im guessing his gps isn't working?
You guys have been extra presh lately. Aww.
Funny how our law school dropped off that list.
Feel like the world is fucking me in the ass today..and it hurts...
Have a safe trip!!
The sun will come out tomorrow, tomorrow...bet ur bottom dollar that tomorrow, there'll be sun! (thanks, Annie)
This is gonna one mother of a day.
Everything happend so fast
welcome to twitter
If at first you don't succeed, kill everyone that saw you fail
RT - Friday I shot fell asleep on the train and rode the F train for 3 hours til 8:30 this morning
Absolutely not. I'm in LA. The nights just getting started :)
Enjoy the weekend!
Can't believe the weekend is already over. That went by faster than Kim Kardashian's marriage. #TooSoon?
would love to sign but we believe #idol contestants have "pre-signed" deals with the tv show.
very nice
No better airline than USAIRWAYS - Guess I'm spoiled. Thanks for the great service guys, and Thanks Hamp Walters for the fancy swag. Woohoo!
Patty is fine. AuntPatty sounds like I'm 104yrsold. How goes studying literature/ww1?
It's only 8:05 and I already need a nap. Badly.
Anyone attending SF Maker Faire this weekend?
Long days but I know hard work pays
Leading issue from the AFP Fiscal Reform conference is "How to best restrain the growth of runaway government in Oregon"
I love John Edwards, he remines me how stupid I was to believe in him and u can't know everything about a candidate .I need to be humbled.
Hi twitter .
Life doesn't have a remote,get up & change it yourself.There's no rewinding the past or fast forwarding & no pausing. Live In The Moment. <3
I.k.r!?!? Omg that would be terrible if the movie sucked..
Happy International Dance Day! Get up and dance for 15 minutes!!
Ball didnt hit rim, should be shot clock violation, Magic ball with 14 secs to play.
anytime (: But i have a question, its not personal its about music.
actually good! Paced myself. Not inebriated at any point today :-)
It's so strange being followed by myself. Well...you know what I mean.
love the cake, looks good. Love the support
He is da BOMB!! RT : People should go follow my close friend , his music is so inspirational and amazing!
every six months here too. And I'll give a +1 on that
OUCH!! RT Under SOPA, you could get 5yrs for uploading a Michael Jackson song.One year more than the doctor who killed him.
twitter is legit babe!!!
Why is the french fry called a french fry its american food?
don't forget about the old ass whipping I use to give u
You're a sweetheart!
I will be picking up my mother later and take her to my sister's house for the Passover Seder
Funny... LOL North Korea couldn't get it up
Sick again...ugh this sux
Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com if you're interested!
sure; do you want mine if I can find it? The Games class is great.
Life is like a wave. Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
#youngsluts are all used up by 20.
Kobe's killing early
Venti Black Iced Tea. Round two!!
Make Room!!!! God enlarge, expand, and increase.
OH: "I'd say, this is more of a Montel Williams situation than a Jerry Springer one…"
| My bud Lou Holscher tells me how great the cruises are. I wonder how great can it be without DONNA LYNNE blowing the blues?
can u see my bra:4
No way in Hell a Pirates pitcher is going to hold a team hitless!
she's so lucky!! Where does she work?
Thanks for including me as a Book Babe! And thank you for being one of the smartest & interestingest tweeps I follow :) .
"I think we need to get hammered and look at some dildos." - on our joint birthday party with
Man just read my mind. I was just gonna say cheddar bob was a better rapper than Soulja boy. Lol
just saw The Avengers, great movie and awesome to see downtown Cleveland in the movie!
thank ye kindly!
I'm just relieved that nobody really said anything awful about me! YAY!
And mashed potatoes...meaning I'm cooking, listening to MJ and, the food tastes good...Not that I literally put my foot in the food.
disney is so fantastic this time of year !! today in florida Orlando it is 78 and breezy could not be more perfect !!!
yes! you visiting anytime soon?
Ladies & gentleman, this week's winner for first spambot to #ff us: !
What would I do if followed me today..?Most likely scream,cry,jump up and down,and try to grow a mustache :{D Florida,USA!!
Do What You Want, Be What You Are!
Respect those that Respect themselves
It is all coming together you kind of have the beiber bangs
Melissa Schuman of Lady Phoenix never before released single "Don't" now available on Itunes!
I'm bored on at Saturday night...
LorangerChris SCminihuman It's like a reminder, 'oh shit, he's actually a native speaker - I totally forgot that'.
How's the training and diet brother? Arms with Neil Hill and Kris Gethin other day. 700 reps, gym 110 degree inside...lol
because you don't want to get that late text, that say I think im late text lol ha
nice. Uh no invite? lol.
Trying to research Chinese architecture and I keep getting photos of #Disney… Oh, America.
Lady Antebellum: "R&B has it's roots in the South, along with country music." Uh, ix-nay on the avery-slay...
Happy Thanksgiving from the entire Nighthawk family!
I'm a psychologist. I study behavior patterns. I notice when something is out of the norm and what that probably means.
Book participant Jeff Duncan, and clan have a gig tonight w/ at the Key Club in Hollywood. The band RULES!
who are you hahaha
I gotta question
YES. PERFECT. THANK YOU.
Fabulous! Congrats!
Thanks! You too!!
: that is where we lose it, by everyone learning on their own there isn't enough sharing of knowledge
I'm not sure which is sadder, that is a serious contender or that won a Congressional primary.
damn u seem so f***** cool please follow me back!!!
happy new year! i hope everyone has an amazing year! be sure to check out the sgh store!
Whaaaa? Not looking forward to figuring out my schedule. MT Chapter Treasurers meeting same time as Business Meeting?
you can have them scan several to make any size donation you want! So easy!
I sat next to some weird girl during lunch and told her she was my date, now she won't leave me alone. She followed me to all of my classes.
lol! U should just make a massive tweet of the definition. Lol. Obviously they don't know about google. Lol
“: Such a random group but I'm excited for this weekend! 👍❤🐗”
hahah #nocomment once again, good thing no one will be there
As to the youthful indiscretions of presidential candidates:, we shouldn't necessarily choose the one who's done the least cocaine.
I so glad God gave me this talent. My composition of music is on a level of its own S/O the
not an option bro
how's the Vic doing? Anymore Stinky Gringo nights?? Lol!
I hate being sick
i wear wateva i want.
I promise I will win this game for you. I'm going to do my best today & it's all for you. You will always be in my thoughts. <3
I hope everyone stayed safe with Irene!
Thought I lost my wallet before taking prospective clients out to lunch. Found it in my pocket
Going to the Arnold Expo? I used to go every year...its a blast
#ThingsIGetALot; "You're short!" #STFU, everyone knows lol. Thank you for stating the obvious. ;p
#Hairballs? #IBD? #SlipperyElm powder is safe for #Pets and their devoted humans, too! #HerbalPetFirstAid tip from
iheartonenote.com Tell-A-Friend Contest is in full swing - check it out at w.iheartonenote.com - see who is ahead
Thanks for follow, Greg! I hope you can still come to the Creative Placemaking Workshop at #Hampden Family Center tomorrow, 6-8PM
NEW YRS RESOLUTION..to see and meet the and Tattoo Tuesday may just spread the wurd;)
I feel like RNG went home.. :'((
thx for mention!
We are excited to announce that we will be rolling out a new site with special features for all the fans out there next week! Stay tuned!
Thanks and see you on the west coast this summer!
I actually did get spine. Lol.
so true! Rt: The best academy, a mother's knee
Let's go Nuggets!!
Wait...God is "trending" on Twitter?
hey my dad said he might be able to get a spot for you. He wants you to call him. I guess I'll just message you the number?
PS- 99.9% sure that was Damon's blood that turned Elena since we saw him donating to Meredith. Sire bond sexiness?
Flops on flops on flops. Wow Miami.
See you at karaoke tonight! 685 Sutter street. What song should I start with?
Change came when I least expected it. Game on!
Did Kenny Albert really just say "the Devils take advantage of the universe"? Yikes.
hahahaha yeah she's got an iPhone now! I'm still shocked
Nightmare on Elm Street: Dream Warriors. Campy horror and I laughed a lot. It's that or I need therapy.
Nuggets played great but the Lakers sleepwalked for 44 minutes. Good news is Ron Artest won't have to miss any games against OKC.
Friends are like potatoes. When you eat them, they die.
Pickup this week's & read Hemon's 'The Aquarium' "One of the most despicable religious fallacies is that suffering is ennoble.."
my chocolate cocaine in her feelings lol
Terminal 2 at SFO now has a YOGA ROOM. In addition to raw food, Blue Bottle, gluten free cupcakes + Cowgirl Creamery.
i smoke weed by myself anyway
I'd rather them audit for the money before asking for more revenue. City's too pricey as it is.
Oh well I expect so. How could a girl ever love a lier? :P But thank you :D xoxo
Whatever you guys so are the Titans every Playoff Season...Pens will be back.but the Titans will still golf
didn't tryed talk to the moon cause i knew that if i tryed it you were not trying like me.
Twin peaks lol
wut color did you get
#ACA making health care available to millions;now isn't the time to let employers, insurance co.'s deny access to critical services
too bad I quit Spanish this year...but I'd rather learn on my own without the pressure of a grade!
Me nd ray havin a conference meeting on this game injury.
I have no clue haha
Noted...that UI is definitely going to change :)
The same to you my dear Andras!!!!! Many blessings
as hot as ever ;)
Mitch Daniels looks like one of those aliens from close encounters of the 3rd kind.....
: Happy B-day Ty!
Honey? Do we have any drachmas?
My Birthdays next month.! The countdown beqins
A poor 10 minute sequence can't undo 60+ great hours of content over 3 games. Disappointing? Yes. Would play again? Absolutely.
peace follows the prayers of a humble and contrite heart.
Merry Christmas And happy holidays!
Correction: Matty C will be on the radio at 8:20!
AHA! you said "get off me" im rubbing off on you :*
Never too early to start training RT : Adding breakdance to my growing list of skills needed for next years
Already here. (But not going out tonight because I'm old and nocturnal and want to get up in the morning.)
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them? -Buddha
Recently Said This Business is 90% Business & 10% Talent,Lindsay Lohan Is Suing Him Again Saying This Guy Just Wont Stop
hope you are ready for the steryotypes that come with
Your* I typed that out entirely too fast.
Wow people are lame arguing over a game
Every weekend I'm moved to say the same thing: there's just no better show on TV than
Out of nowhere, I received an $8 check from CafePress. Haven't sold anything there in at least two years.
With the success of your app you'll never need to interview for another job.
Everybody has a girlfriend or boyfriend, and I’m just over here like 'I love food'.
Dont take it personal if I don't always text you back or even text you at that.. I dont like texting unless I really like you or have news.
Chris Brown got his nose pierced.. what the actual fuck..
Confucius say: tying a mattress to the car roof is better than rain dance
Wednesday girls night!
? RT : Whose the guy seated at the press table wearing the ultra-dark shades? Reminder: the game's indoors
had a fuckin test 2 day
When you purchase any tile from Byrd you qualify for a 10% off discount on any Cote D'Azur fixturing from
fast rapping <<<
Good to hear u liked it. I've shot a lot for them. r great people.
Great shot! Now we have to get Ben Franklin to join Twitter.
RT : That squirrel was running away because he knew if he stuck around, La Russa would have brought him in to face a lefty.
Law of Biomechanics - The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.
I've got a great joke if you need it.
Happy late Birthday by the way :)
That's just nasty baby that last tweet
thanks to all the international brands showing love.
Is this where Wayne Larriver calls a reverse dagger?
Getting busy printing some new stuff for Trying to pass the time before the big game.
Could you tell me a bit more about Pandora and Camera+?
Good job #jenniferhudson !!!
wow! That's awesome! How many screens is that total?
so why hold back?
just this morning i was wondering "who will be the bright archivist to get a jump start on this collection?"
Quick!!! Everyone freak out about the fights
League of legends...but its becoming starcraft
ha alright. I'll try to visit both, just woke up so give it time :)
You keep counting... because I won't! :)lol!
Shaviro: Physical science cannot describe interior qualities, only external, relational, and structural realities.
we need to chill !
Good Nights.
RT : Happy birthday! Thanks for using the tag! #WeekendOutlook << Thanks!
Does anyone else think that the guys on "American Pickers" should get first crack at the folks' houses on "Hoarders"?
RT : RT : You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice. LOL!
- runnin a farm here in Pittsburgh! We slaughtered the last 2 mentioned though...
When a chick msges u and say: i want sex. -_____- bitch, Im. Fuckin.Gay.
Hire a teenager when they still know everything.
Carrot addiction? Haha I wonder what else she does with those carrots!?
However, when we take down pages about advisories, we post notices that the advisories are lifted in place (active for 3 days).
Listening to eminem....amazing!!!
Are you getting one? They look awesome.
Even tho porn & gambling are such "bad" things--are their major profits a sign that people still want to do rebellious things?
Is possible to conceive of the self as a stranger bearing strange ideas?
Ur still a part
oh so u watched bof?
Whos gotta do a bunch of crap tomarrow that they don't want too??? I know I do
from , "Be platform agnostic."
Yay its on!
Endless are the blessings of those who believe
Elite 8 here we come.
that's funny!!
i was so mad last night i was having bad dreams and everything. i scratched up my face in my sleep. :/
#ithoughtyoulookedgood and i was right(:
It fustrate's me when my parents dont give a shit about the good things im accomplishing but its all good im doing this for me ! yollow
YOUR ON THE RADIO AGAIN!!!(: #BOYFRIEND <33 I LOVE YOU!!! #FOLLOWME ?
just received the brochures and sample packs you sent for my support group. Thank you for your help and support!
Great few days. Successful trade show & spent a bit of time AL & MS: the last two states needed for a full 48 contiguous state set.
what are you studying for ?!
Wishing bought me my vitamin water she owes me 😔
With those teams and pseudo-star players, it's easier to chuckle about lightheartedly. Talent level leaves us wanting here.
Yay, thank you Meals on Wheels volunteers! You rock!
I just want my daddy <3 ):
Loving our party image graphic on our DL packaging. Will be revealing soon!!
Archivists: Know of a good source 4 postcard sleeves that are 3 5/8 x 5 3/4, sealed on 2 sides, and heavyweight? No luck w/H-ME or Gaylord.
Windows open at work. What a beautiful day.
✞ just because i'm so religious and shit.
#Oomf said he about suck a some #peacock in the bathroom and ASKED me can I be the lookout... I'M LIKE CHILD PLZ, HELL NO!
Good Thursday morning to ALL. Be productive.
How awful! Such a terrible thing to do...
Sex offender? Are you a child?
Not that I'm in jail or anything
o, I'm allergic to heights. I'll catch you when you land!
wats up boss
thanks man!
I really dnt like android I'm going back to iphone..
Everyone be quiet we have to be up early.....
Kicked out of Central Park. The great lawn is tasty.
Watched the 2 hour season premiere of #TerraNova and calling it a night. Good night all! ;)
RT : Never take life too seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway. Author Unknown
spanks! I plan on spooning my roomies cat. He's the best little spoon ever. He even rests his head on my arm/pillow
We <3 ur #bloggers. The most creative, innovative people ever. Stay tuned for crazy, funny, awesome stuff!
and ppl get a lot of mail in one week when it's over. Not like those drag-of-a-week when you get nuthin' !
Happy Birthday to my oldest daughter who is 19 today.. which means im old as s@
y didn't u take it?
Mussle Monday. Think tall glass of wine and three options for mussels. Happy hour is getting happier.
The summer's first cottonwood fluffs drift heedlessly toward the nostrils of their fate.
No Hudler for the 2nd day in a row! Things are lookin up.
How did your kid do in the movie? We wondered about taking the 6yo.
Thank you! That means a lot to me.
I hate my dad so much right now.
hahaha I was dying
I wish could come to Hawaii!!! I would really love to see them in concert...can i get a shoutout??
Looking forward to seeing you!
There seems to be a virus spreading through the neighborhood.
Look under your chairs everbody! You're getting an iPod touch!!!!
Hey there, (Hoot_of_Loot), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
did not know MD had so many wineries excited to check them out decanter
Talking about Coltrane. Getting the hang of this lol
just say it?
send your project to when you are done with it!
Happy Valentines Day! Date night tonight? Oh oh, what to do w the munchkins? www.MunchkinMinders.com
Still thinkin.........should I keep it going???
No problem. Great session.
10 dollar buckets all night. It's a wrap food truck at 7!!
"If it was bad, you'd get diarrhea, you wouldn't die" - my Japanese co-worker commenting on my soy milk
i might not even get to 9th grade with my friends!
"The body can heal itself when given the right conditions. What are the right conditions for you?" ~Dr. Reginald Worrel, Jr, My Life Coach!
IAmMikeKennedy I bet you can't. In fact, I bet the only thing that'll make you feel better is beer and chicken wings.
Hi Eddie Thanks for following!
My Baby is content on going 2 party 2nite @ crazy rays 0.o
Wow we are closer than I thought :) yay....Since I've more time I grabbed extra bourbon
Brownie is the shit.
I had paused the game.. So I know I'm late.
This week we're visiting #SouthAfrica #Rwanda, exploring opps for collaborative partnerships with at
They're parents from school. I've never heard Adele talk. Do you know 3 of the top 10 karaoke songs in the UK are hers?
They mad cuz they not us
Finally starting to get through to this survey class. Drawing some sparks from that extinguished hearth.
Goodnight Mikey! Sweet dreams 😘
Retard cat takes after his owner...chewin' on batteries n shit
Enjoyed seeing Todd Rundgren on Tuesday night! It was a great show!
Happy Mother's Dayy :-)
Counting down to Crown and Coke...2 1/2 more hours
ack! however this reverse scrolling in hoot suite is pretty confounding
No prob! Do you know when we get the shirts?
For those in Brooklyn NY watching fireworks, there is some kind of factory fire or something in Williamsburg right now.
i know. what sucks is that ill have to wait till next january to get 1 lol. ill prob be busy with the marine corps this fall
Hopefully doesn't hate on me for my last tweet...
no no don't worry about it! and oh theres a contet on who can get the most likes on there fb page gets a prize!
followed :D
NorthPoint playing this Sunday Aug 15 2010 at Portland Saturday Market SW 1st and Ankeny downtown, noon-4pm. Come join us in the Oregon sun!
Or maybe she can hang out with a deer and hope a hunter gets her.
$5 Gyros from 11am - 4pm. Tell me that doesn't cheer up your Tuesday afternoon!
not happening lol
Had a great time at gym. :)
Today we get a lesson in NE winds! Went from 69 to 56 from 4 to 5am in #mke!
Nothing interesting, u?
I'm tired of seeing that same damn Willy wonka picture with new words on it everytime
I still can't believe it all though so how are you?
Tix are claimed, guys. sorry. Enjoy the show, !
Supporting the boys was the best move Ive ever made (: #ForeverSupporting1D xx
who is that? Lol
Sluggish (n): What slugs speak.
We are a new cidery in Philadelphia, PA, USA. Nice to meet you!
Chargers 20 Cardinals 0 uh oh......
I believe so... Another cassadine?? Wat u think
tables, fruits, and lean meats. Cut back on empty calories like sodas and processed foods.
Really wants to get out and do something today.
Cheers too many more!! Sorry so darn late!! Get u a milkshake lol
Getting ready for the ride home!
Sex and the city w britany and Mia at work <3
Proud to see #dbualum leading! RT : Great wkend ministering in ATL! 3 buses on their way back to Dallas. Pray for safe travel!
- strange choice.
is looking for a #Genesys #Call #Center #Delivery #Manager and a #Genesys #Systems #Analyst for an exciting company in Foster City
I swear i couldnt be anymore ampt !!
"You can make all kinds of algorithmic adjustments, but manual touch-ups always help."
Dig deeper. don't make a decision based on your own feelings.. You will find what you have been searching for! What u do 4 Christ will last!
The weather is perfect for a game of chess in Rittenhouse Square. Stop by Holt's Cigars on Walnut Street & pick up our impressive set!
Playing drums for the great Aunt Martha tonight @ Apple store! 9th ave and 14th st. 7:30 pm
DOJ Clarifies Meaning of 'Rehire' for I-9 Purposes
I live for this shit
I hate homework.
I'm gonna unfollow if you dont stop retweeting all that. ITS ANNOYING!
maybe she likes your twitter.
Think about it! "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure". M.Williamson
If I got a tweet from I would probably pass out.
#ToyotaAztecTriviaTime Coach Fisher was named NABC District Coach of the Year. How many total wins has Fisher coached the #Aztecs to?
What's good new follower?
Dont know what to do, take it up in prayer.
Hey Damien, thanks for the follow!
i say ima txt yuh ..rite after we got off dah fone... um
lol crazy huh
Yeah. And that paywall is a barrier to public participation. TS has the best letters, it could have the best comments.
it's mesmerizing
Why does Bynum have gray hairs?
He'll be out a while, maybe even career ending b/c he already had bad knees.
Roses are red, violets are blue, shopping local is awesome, banking local is too.
You can also find them at any Firehouse Subs
Fear not, the good people welcome new friends.
Oh I get twitter now. I'm just supposed to tweet what's on my mind: Boobs.
was that pic recent?
lol! Glad I could bring u some laughter and a smile!!!
What can't I get followers? I'm a nice person. Is because I'm quiet? Tweet...Tweet...Tweet. How's that? :)
It's his last game!
Amen, sister! RT: Can someone get this Internet away from me?
Love you, your politics and your taste in music...bliss!
Playing an FPS in some ways is just like life. Either way, the goal is to aim high.
Mark Jordan and MINI Cooper Countryman: Capturing beauty and poetry on film is a hallmark for International Hall of Fame Orange Count...
Yeah, I see you're standing too!
Good thoughts,energy,& blessings to you.
All day. We have to collab in the near future. We are based in ATL
Full Throttle TV has come to NHRA.com. See hot new video features, including interviews with Tony Schumacher and other stars of the NHRA
thx for the follow (: now about ? (:
#NowFollowing Support my girl ~~~> Follow now #freaks sex toys on deck
We understand... Sorry to hear about your loss!
Hells YES!! That's what I'm talking about. ANd I honk the D is going to be way better, no more antiquated scheme, blitz
We LOVE the video! Thank you so much - we're so glad the service has been meaningful for you.
Kanye's a genius
TONITE Check Out our NEW SATURDAY SPOT! ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB in Downtown Dallas!
I'm having problems installing MMS. Have latest version of Adobe Air and I've tried all the download links...get errorred out.
I`ve actually seen Ovechkin head-hunt/charge in person. Never gets called.
Yes!!!! We need a kick returner and punt returner! And another weapon for Aaron!!! Go Pack Go!!!
How and where do we go to catch "the Boss" here at #sxsw ?
Learning about the science of santa clause at #thirstdc w/
A wise man Will make more opportunities than he finds...
Warning... Do not clean the floor on your hands and knees with bleach....while wearing nice pants
uploading photos
I shall cut #jaxshow some slack. He's a great TV personality & he's a nice dude. Met him before at an event. This is temporary truce.
You can suspend Raffi Torres for the rest of the playoffs and id be fine.
Suck my Cockiness and Lick my Persuasion.
here's an idea, no record, I don't pay you
aw haha that is sweet *giggles*
Bank error in your favor receive $20
Puerto Rico with Linds
I love your imagines they are freaken AMAZING <3
lol haters going to hate
#OH I'm probably the only person that's flattered when someone takes the time to post comment spa on my blog...
Wish work could get done from patio somewhere today! Lovin the temp
good lookin out!
I was going to post "rootcanal 1, hydrocodone 0" but hydrocodone took offense & rallied back. I've been working on this tweet for 20 min.
Like do you not know im not going to read this.
lol that still cool me too :)
thanks for the RT BIG D!
I don't even care, it's just the fact that he lied to me about it.
: Evening Grace, Patriots all:
I dig the way you think!
Thank you for sharing!
LOL! I knew it! You gave off a jeddi vibe
oh sweet jesus. harry take me away pleasee. uhfffffffffff. wouldn't mind having all of them actually. zayns a sex god too.
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. —Charlie Parker
Stop stress the way is Praise God and exercise!
With Peter at Kaldi's. He's drinking root beer and I'm drinking an americano. JE is interviewing for a job in Newcastle.
I've read some pretty twisted things too
Lady GaGa is a mess!!!!!
did well with 300 new followers from #sharktank, but did you see added over 60K followers.
& I OFFICIALLY. HATE MYH FRIENDS! !!!
pretty much.
God gives you righteousness for your wrongness!
Running out of room for followers-that means I need to build up-well over 1,000 now-THANK YOU ALL! Keep up the love!!!
lets drink and listen to brand new.
Check out the sale @ threadless.com
So many dimes in 1 room Unreal
Thanks bro!
“I don’t let my mistakes define me, I let them remind me
Speaking of brain-poison, vim has me at the point now where I try to :wq out of IM conversations.
from what I've seen, you have an amazing music taste doe
Sometimes a majority only means that all the fools are on the same side
and we miss you!
Where is the cheapest sandwich place in Seattle?
thanks J!!
We are so sorry about that. We'll be sure to let our chef know.
Heading out of town?
Thanks to our new follows.
ur weight lifting diet
Well, I guess that would be our Ghost Bus Tours pretty much :) RT : A ghost trail- sounds spooky!!
Thanks so much for the RT! I hope the post was helpful. :)
What up #RObotz?! How you all doin' today? :)
Happy International Potter Day my Fellow Potterheads!! <3
Happy New Year!!
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.
It ain't yo spit game it's yo dick game.
We just finished the film. Ready for world wide distribution! Check in for the latest news
I think I can live with it, but paper airplane guy is so much cooler. Something to shoot for :)
Sean - terrific job tonight my friend...you're #1 in Impressions with 1M!! Wow - thx so much for all you do for TChat!
ah! Next time you'll have to meet us for a drink
God made Marijuana, Man made alcohol. Who do YOU trust?
Yes! RT : Tuesday IS The New Monday!
FOLLOW US if you're interested in
Keep doin you Real Deal Davis....you makin the whole city proud right now...great game
my phone is off:/
I feel like it smh ._.
tablet and print, mostly print
lol good morning love. did you enjoy your mother's day?
you said on MTP this morning, wisdom comes from fear? That's exactly the problem of religion in general, esp your faith. It's >>
Sounds delightful but you're giving me a panic attack.
What is going on outside?
Eight 49ers, three Raiders named to Pro Bowl
u should make more ustreams and post the time an app on twitter soo we all know wen and im srry to bother u if u dont want to
My biggest role model is my mom Shes the strongest women I know,My sister is stronger than I thought <3 I get my strenth from these 2ppl....
#WordPress #Tools Akismet Spam Count – Show off your Akismet spam power and let spammers know you’re protected from their attempts.
I'm living life right now man and this is what imma do until it's over....and it's far from over
Among all legal immigrants, coming every year to the USA, near 10% are refugees and asylum seekers.
Vote for Wisconsin Lt. Governor on May 8th!!!
VALENTINE'S DAY: Only 5 reservations are still available for the 6:30 pm dinner seating! Give us a jingle (773-276-7110) to reserve.
Shoutout to two wonderful followers and -- go follow them!
Yess, this is true. ;)
Getting ready to play modern warfare 2 . Hell yeah
Why mfs always think "i miss u" does anything for a woman!? Nigga, go miss ur wife, THEN "miss" me wit that bullshit!
"All memory is fiction." #quote Keith Richards
ugh i attempted making fried rice, it came out like shit >.>
Austin's been #salty ;)
Being a grandparent is one of the greatest joys!
Answer: Birds sing and the air smells sweet. Question: What happens after it rains?!!! I had forgotten :(
i've fallen in love with tumblr
: Lmaao remember when I checked that army suit???
Here, they go to chairs of depts, or deans.
need more followers fuc wit ya boy
Packed at the shop. Waitin on smoke Dizzle to fade me up.
Brilliant article in AMA Marketing Management on segmenting customers by "sensory perception"...and its benefits
If you love trance follow me :-)
I had plans for today, then changed them to accomodate some1, who's now cancelled. So 2day I stay in my pjs w/coffee,bible &
There will be rehearsal this wednesday evening, unless another unsuspected thunderstorm decides to hit again
Turn it around Dude, Think: At least you get to wake up! Think positive - "What can you do today to make an impact?"
6th ticker-tape parade in 15 years (4 Yankees, 2 Giants) - it never gets old!
i can wait for trick or treat time so let me know if you feel the same way pimp me at i just addeed all my new followers
So true - nothing drives me crazier than "that's just how it's always been done!"
RT : Need new stuffing ideas? Check out delicious Spanish-style paella stuffing from 's
I WISH I KONW U PERSONAL
Houston Yates will face Dallas Kimball on Sat. at 3:30 p.m. My Dallas friends are already talking noise. Can't wait to get to ATX
The sweetheart jeans look awful on me -- I guess because I'm short, the waist hits me in the wrong place. Way too high.
cody simpsons cousin
hahaha it's been a min since i've let u kno. So i had to. Ha & u never told me ur sign.
Tweeting photos: worth 1000 words (but don't spam)!
That is bad! I didn't think it was possible
Just remember that she's always the Seinfeld...and your more of a George
Agreed! RT : tweetchats w/ chosen topic & even panelist would be grt and easier to promote
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
Thanks! I'm telling myself that even if I don't get selected, it's a good learning experience.
which pic is it?
PickUpLine: Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Dear Facebook, your iPhone app is horrifically slow. To the point I want to uninstall it. That's kind of unacceptable.
and you'll get the first autographed copy!
“: “: did you leave undies in the men's room?” is responsible.” #minibrief strikes again!
Well if you get too sad there are lonely telephone poles here in Austin just waiting for good company.
If you can listen to the opening bars of 'lonely boy' without cranking it louder you need to reevaluate.
I followed
if they didn't cut away from your interview with wrap-it-up music, they're probably seriously considering you
Hey #Conan, my hubby has the same tie that you're wearing tonight... Great fashion sense
throw in a job search (and subtract a few articles) and I am right there with you!
Sweet. I always put them on when we're in EPCOT's Norway pavilion while mumbling "Kill da wabbit" too and no one gets the joke.
We like the way you think, Emma! :)
Friday I washed my car that included windows in/out side also did laundry today is cleaning & I might have to take a nap before I tackle tht
For the love of God
What is more wrong: Destroying the city with a deathly pension budget? Or taking away guaranteed City pension?
ill be on a boat for the next week touring the south waters...videos shall follow!
?#GOP argues #unions irrelevant b/c gov't regulates workplace while simultaneously repealing workplace regulations
I have a new show idea that will change the way magicians look at magic and our wold. My newest show will be more than a magic show! I need…
TONIGHT! We're back with , clowns, , + guest co-host Jen Curran of ! 11PM at ! BELIEVE IT.
Any libraries or big brands using #Pinterest yet? Got account to explore. Like early FB, corporate/institutional use seems like a force-fit
R.I.P to ten year old Jasmine, who hung herself because she was getting bullied. RETWEET if you have a heart, and your against bullying .♥
I love this! thx. "the days when writing flows and the days when writing is hard all look the same in the finished draft."
So you're on the Twitter-machine, eh?
I just got Punk'd, I have the worst roommate ever! 😒😂
YOU GON' LEARN TODAY SON!
Just realized that I'm missing new tonight. But I'll be watching first thing tomorrow
So does the rotation, the defense, and the offense. Doesn't matter.
I really don't get why everyone was so mad at Michael Vick for dog fighting he was just playing real life Pokemon
We just wanted to say have an amazing run today Sara and Susie! Sara is running her first 10k today! You go for it!
I am interested in follow4follow? do you or no? If you need more follows try the site on my profile :)
Thanks for following!
peace everybody have a great day u to Big_ju42
that was the worst Call Tho
That awkward moment when u say good night and can't stop tweeting
Me and My Partner on the road bout to set the stage on fire in memphis
Cool! I met Jon Voss of at #thatcampsf today. Is USC contributing images to the platform?
You gotta take the good with the bad,Happy with the sad.
#20ThingsAboutMe I cant go a day without listenin to my music!
i got one do u have facebook
Great art. Free booze. Great people. What more do you want?
I had fun with you! RT bound with !!!!!! Maybe a stop to see family too!
Evans says 44 prof theatres in dc. Up by 10 from last year. Think we are one of them?.
"Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could." -Charles J. Sykes
Such a great answer. RT : "I was just being a teammate" talking of the ARod moment. Love ya Tek.
TB: Reflects on the opportunity to collect objects from Public Enemy's
Jesus: You must ask Me to cover you with My Holy Spirit for discernment with humility and purity of soul.
Starbucks?!?! Lol I will stick to be being the backbone of the service department at Lexus haha
Fuck yeah, I'm wearing my LAKERS jersey right now, I represent all season long & I go OT with my gear in the playoffs,Revenge Tonight.LAKERS
On the road to vegas today! Left at 6am, but still managed to be on the road with lots of crazy folk. I always thought crazy slept in
But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and that's fucking awesome.
My #fav at #Onstage was (of course!)
"I-I love you like a love song babyy & I keep hitting re-peat-peat-peat-peat-peat." AHH! This is my shit!! Imma start dancin in a sec.
thank u for everything you've done!
is this tonight? cause I'm finishing a bottle of soju right now lol
finally having a baby!
hello how are...would like to speak with you this week if time is available
Think you can't afford to fix up your house ? You can't if you try to the old fashioned ignorant way...
Awesome! Happy New Year, Tye - looking forward to seeing you!
The #jets making another terrible move getting Tebow
All these Haitian tweets >
Fact- the security at barney's warehouse sale is more intense than TSA.
rain on me
haha. sure thing. I do tweet from time to time. Did an initial twitter binge for HELP a couple months back.
REUNITED AND IT FEELS SO GOOD!
happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <33333333333333333333333
I'm glad, and I'm great. thanks for asking
Ha, I like that. Could be a goldmine.
Some 27-year-old dude just landed in a helicopter on the Bachelorette. CHRISTIAN GREY????!!
...Day 16...217.0...praise the lord and thank you baby jesus...lol...apple day was an success...
hello saturday : )
Heat playin scary right now
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
hahahha yeah its who thinks will be better than his rankers do, not a start / sit.
Got my google drive! ... lets see if there is ANY difference between this and dropbox?
love it!
wth giants we needed you to win today
you started it so bye.
does anyone know how to embed comments from a wordpress blog into an html widget for another website?
I prefer math that ends with 'ish'.
Sushi, Sade and John Legend? Best.Night.Ever.
“: My only good advice today is for you to follow the great and learn more about her important work.” Done!
Thanks! We're happy to help!": Thanks to for helping set apart from our competitors..."
Work out time. Back to the grind
Interesting that ESPN's main broadcast this afternoon is the Gleneville/Dwyer game at the shoe. Good job Herbstreit.
yes of course :) you love old hollywood movies? Do u also like breakfast at tiffany's or some like it hot?? :)
no no no lol
Yes: McNabb is playing. Vick's first pass was a touchdown.
Road trip! The morning show Mikes and I are headed to NYC Sunday to go behind the scenes of the Early Show on CBS.
I think they need to play more commercials during March Madness
Crazy clown time!
If a picture is worth a thousand words what's a video email worth?
I don't know why, I've been craving peanut butter all day...
just cooked a yummy fish dinner - crusted with salt & vinegar kettle potato chips! yum!
That was amazing! I missed James Massone :( lol he's so good!
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy your Monday!
Who do you want to see us interview? What prizes would you like to get? Let us know!
Shine responsibly Morgan! :)
Dang I was Follower 995. 995 don't mean nothin'!
WSJ: a lesson from China. Disagree with the radicals in charge and be dubbed a criminal. Then have your twitter account erased. ,)
Sorry that happened to you:( ...........unless I misunderstood then nm.
Congratulations , you are a 21st century reporter! See you on FB. :o)
#SignsAPersonCantCook when the dog won't even eat the scraps.
dude I wanna get nose mannys and hang 5s!!!
I'll pass on that Road Trip! ^DD
How had I forgotten how wonderful wine is? It's absurd that I've only been drinking coffee at night. I need to start some new habits!
me too! Blessings
I see that you have a lot of packaging available do you work with FIBC's or Gaylord's?
We agree: IS gorgeous on our cover!
special shout-out to for being wife material.
Yeah true ,but fine is a good start lol
Sometimes, we need to lose what we love in order to truly appreciate it.
Rappers today talk about beatin pussy up & how they blow $ on 25 cars; Tupac was preaching about tolerance and respect.
Ima be the first to tell Happy Birthday. Ima call him at 11:58 , his phone line better be open too (:
Down To Film?
man, today is just one of those days....
So i see you got your merch from them that you wanted(;
"Redesign" may not be the best word. "Fine-tuning" might be a better description. The gator logo is going. Just isn't working
you did really good tonight! <21
long way to go in the year
Yes that would drive me crazy listening to the drill. LOL
Peeps are known for being limited in their acting.
A candlelight vigil for Yashanee Vaughn slated for 6pm at NE 92nd and Russell. We'll have a live report at 6.
hey don't foget to try and get the B's!! Please!!
Starbucks is sexy... and they know it.
I'm going to be on in 5 minutes! Listen live on SiriusXM Patriot.
Happy New Year!
Thanks for all your support. Check out if you haven't. we are playing his release at Crofoot fri 27
thank you so much for your lyrics. You're my biggest inspiration and I look up to you more than anyone or anything.
I'm sad to hear that Steve Jobs has passed away. What a legacy he leaves. Amazing accomplishments. RIP Steve Jobs.
Michael Franklin: need higher level ways of describing data analytics tasks (and their implementation).
Come meet "The Man of Steel" Richard Serra at the opening of "Richard Serra Drawing" tonight at 6pm
Thanks. Wish they could share this more broadly.
KISS MY BELIEBER ASS
I'm all for the men, and Dads are great, but woman's job is harder b/c she really can't take a break, even when she tries.
Oh work. I smell like coffee now :P
Huh? what? sorry, still stuck on those shoes you want....
I'm just SO very proud of you. I can't wait to catch up! Sooner than later? No? Lol
U/D Baylis - Fire thru the roof, request *2ND ALARM*
The 's ebook looks good, and happily, as interesting for their approach to content as for the novelty of digital publication!
Just a guy who lives in Vegas that tweets people who tweet about Vegas :)
Yeah ! Yeah #Castle! Well-deserved!
"Male rats like romeo will mount any rat that comes its way"- yeah that sounds about right :p
Anywho what to do on a Tuesday. ?! Lol
Aw, thanks and Thanks for your support getting us here.
two dinners this week?! #rucky you
mine i send u the link
Looks like a warmer, more humid pattern about ready to take hold over the next week-10 days.
Happy birthday Ollie!!!! How old r u now? 15, sweet 16? right?
Took a lot less 15 years ago. All I'm saying. Of course we could actually afford tickets then @ old Miami Arena too
is nearing the Himalayas. I expect some most awesome AI/bot tweets soon.
Bonding time!
sweet! thanx for the follow \m/
My mom is too much
Its just reprehensible how corrupt, dishonest the press is about this POTUS, excuse
lol but im like h.... i gotta hunch! lol how come its not changing?
Need to figure out which devices, explain value of skill. Do you grade mobile research or is it extra credit?
story havin cook out. Playin mamasox music some brothers apear yo who is that ? Crystalbowersox i said dang! That mama ...
My life is so completely a country and western song. #justwishitwasmorelikefaithhill's
SWEET HONESTY 3 PIECE......9.99 Brochure price, for the next 24 hours, I will sell them for $7! HUGE DEAL!
I love my electric toothbrush, but sometimes I just have to break out the acoustic.
The next #UConnFootball game watch is set for Noon tomorrow Stop by to watch our beat Syracuse!
didnt say it.
we are still trying to figure this jazz out
Thanks to all my followers. May you be blessed during the holidays and the joy of Christmas light your life.
and i dont have any 😳
austin carter mcqueen mahone. i think? D:
Same here and you know what. I do remember reading this. I am over 40 you know so I forget easily. LOL
Way to nice out to do this paper I'll start it later
Final camp electric worship session. ): i'm coming home!
Just when you think Adobe can't sink to new lows you have to collaborate over Connect. At least it is better than MS Lync
Nice pic, BTW! However ... I know those faces ... I smell trouble!
If you could erase memories would you do it?
One of my fav instructors! RT : TGIF! Hope e'body has a GREAT weekend! Hope to see you Sunday at Dance Stop!
It was powerful, wasn't it?
The Things You Act Like You To Good For And Won't Do..Somebody Else Will !
My answer on to: How much for a simple divorce in Starke, Fl - The cheapest way would be to file all of the pap...
I got to meet you at the show in Atlanta, & I just wanted to say, you're super nice and amazing at what you do. Fucking badass <666
Holy crap, Space Jam is on CN.
good! How about you??!:)
ya we should have :)
Enjoying this most excellent day!
not yet. you should read Revelation some time. Jesus totally pwns satan in the end. Anyway, Satan is just a fallen angel
Retargeting's is only half of it. When companies retarget with a smart creative strategy, they always outperform the competition
Bring home that bacon! RT Just won 82 bucks on the fifty-fifty at bowling tonight. Thanks dad.
I think I would literally cut off a limb to shoot the NHL Winter Classic.
There were moments of hope, but for the most part we watched helplessly as the market moved in the wrong direction.
BB in the house!! “: Hi ladies, how u doing'??!! RT“ dianepathieu Hi Stac!!!!””
Hahahaha I ROLLED when I saw it!!
Im That Nigga... U Aint Gotta Tell Me
I wonder what has to say about that article...
There is nothing proportionate about Beth Ditto, and if I was even close to looking like her, I'd ship myself off to fat camp.
Your thighs were made for cheeks to graze.. My lips, your poison, they bring you to your knees. <3
How do you get your foot in the door of a museum? Volunteer, get an internship - do anything!
Lazy 43 mi. to Harper's Ferry along the Mississippi. Climbed in & out of the bluffs along the river for quite a workout. Beautiful, though!
Hey Mama , I wanna scream so loud for you. Cause I'm so proud of you <3
Since you have to do the things you have to do, be wise enough to do some of the things you want to do ~ Malcolm Forbes -- On it!
Billions and billions.
SOD: And I dont know if I can do it Oh no I've said too much, I haven't said enough: losing my religion - REM
thanks for the kind words dudes. Loved your set!
Congratulations! Got more followers than expected, thanks so much for your support, my friends! God bless you~
can you recommend a good colorist in Raleigh taking on new clients? I haven't had much luck finding somebody I love yet!
With knowledge comes confidence.
Alex, what #dirtywork have you done, sir?
Wow, Rangers just got straight-up jobbed by the refs.
or change because their clothes are dirty.? Wait , no ... That's most people. -__-
My life was focused on you for almost a year and now you're gone. You can't even imagine how lost I feel.
Look for Diaz hanging out for The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8
I highly encourage all non-profits / charities to register on charity navigator. It gives you credibility.
Hi Joyce, Please check your voicemail. - mike
Álvaro Espinoza? RT : We have officially run out of guys to give Yankeeographies to... David Wells? Really?
Rocky Balboa is real and He is an American Hero,so is Apollo Creed
Phillies fans head for the exits as Mets are about to get the broom out in Philly. #yougottabelieve(inMay)
arCtyC how can you be a die hard ps3 fan if the ps3 came out in 06 .lies lies and more lies
was at CPD CompStat this morning -- Supt. McCarthy and team are using technology and data to inform strategy. Impressive stuff!
I feel like corporate america has consumed me
its all good Marla!
Time to run some errands and get ready for my lesson tomorrow. So ready for the weekend I can't even handle it!!
I had a great time, met some amazing people, and learned new things at the #ideasareworthless conference. Thanks !!
People change. Feelings fade. Lovers drift. Friends leave. Friends become enemies. Lovers become strangers. You’ll be judged. Life Goes On.
#3wordsofadvice liquor before beer.
Looking forward to seeing you there as well!
Just picked up shirts for #SXSW from & ! They look great, thanks for the stupid fast turnaround!
Oh me too! I met him at Teen Hoot this year. It was the best experience ever! <3
Wow long time since I been up here
Literally can't stop watching pawn stars. Breezing through episodes on Netflix.
Sorry, only on Mondays. One week left...
Had a great time playing the 80's party last night with the debut of a new tune. These new songs are sick. Can't wait to record them.
GOD WEAKNESS
So I might be in Pittsburgh next weekend. You're not going to be there then, right? I have lame timing.
Wearing my 'Friday underwear' on the right day for once
$2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 GUYS $5 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK & KITCHEN OPEN
You know there's no easy way out even web your mind starts to doubt
I like your song, it should be on the radio.
smoking some ribs and chilling.
TY so much for the RT of my latest blog. I know u help ur students this way! 2gether we make a difference.
-__- YA KNOW, THIS IS WHY I DON'T TALK TO YOU OR EVAN.
if u don't come over, consider our meager friendship over.
- here's a tip, make sure healthcare gets passed.
Has someone done some work on the relationship betw prison guards & domestic abuse. Read Fanon's: The Wretched of the Earth.
first Q: how do you bring the energy every night?
Haaha what did it say?
Responded to FIRE @ 47 Sheffield Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
SNAP OUT OF IT YO!
saw you RT'd it & thought "why'd this person I respect RT such a dumbassed idea?" glad we're on the same pg.Will cont. w/ respect
TAYLOR AND ED. SERIOUSLY THIS IS JUST FUCKING MAGIC!!!!
do you have a list of all the new packers twitter accounts?
Who will replace Petrino?
The screening went well :) A few tweeks here and there, and we got a winner! In the meantime, off to the next project :)
needs more assignments like this! (though I'm in a suit and tie cause we were at a fancy pants art thing earlier)
My followers share links on: #business, #social, #sustainability, #leadership, #check via - a great tool!
I'm mad at him too!!
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'. I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
We had a great first week of filming, thanks to the whole cast and crew!
was thinking the same thing
of course! I'm counting the days until your arrival!
Happy Birthday Harry!! We love love you!! #happybirthdayhazza ;)
These next three weeks are gonna be crazy!
stranger danger
Church, no
Come see the last show for Diary Of A Catholic School Dropout 6PM @ The Whitmore Lindley Theatre in Noho!
Loving this beautiful #Cleveland #snow! I also love answering Title and Escrow questions. DM and I'll get back to you before it melts!
How about them Rays, they #sweep the Yankees over the weekend, great way to start the season!
What a lively surprise to read that on Twitter, Mr. Lynam! Your students should know that you were a great--and fun--student!
Neat! Orks! With guns! (That's about all I know about WarHammer.)
Beyond the sun, where I could just fade away
I'm obsessed with the Kardashian's. But mosty Khloé.
Good to see that Tony Yayo is alive and as annoying as ever
everything is all bloomy and sweet smelling now, no?
The 900 is fun. I recently realized I could give it verbal commands. It has yet to respond to "Empty the dishwasher."
What is that?
Well I haven't been on here in like 19568395 years
#ThatOnePersonWho no matter were we go ,there going to end up in a argument with somebody period.
on yeah, oh yeah!! Lmao
Bubble tea ;)
Me too... awesome
Did you click on the upload to screencast.com button once finished?
Good morning and welcome to our newest followers and Glad to have you with us!
ill let you know! I still gotta go through the rest!
Been a long week havn't made it to twitter but shout out to my new relevant followers.
You Can Stay Your Funny Acting Ass From Around Me...
Also made it clear to us today that he is only leaving temporarily so he can focus on his own life. So BTTP isn't dead you fucks.
There r sum stupid muphukazn the world
man & I work on not holding it in! That's why I dance 2 get that energy out!
Going to my grandpas for Easter Sunday dinner
We all LOVED you.(Virginia FCCLA) You helped us improve our leadership and plus most of us think your super hot!! Lol!
i think u shud go to sleep than!!....
...my mom just asked me how to spell, "hello" =___=||
So the crew will be meeting up for evem more members! This should be bad!:)
I'd like to get a copy of Malice of Fortune!
"A brand ideal of improving people's lives is the only sustainable way to recruit, unite and inspire all the people a business touches, fro…
your customer service rocks. Thank you!
hmm... Too many cardis! I am the SV almost on the back row. Come find me!
I'm cravin a "date shake" bad. Muchos grande.
RT : It's open call day. That means people are changing their clothes in the parking lot.
"I've made a lot of mistakes, you're not one." :') <3
bro through this I your blog , goodlook www.soundcloud.com/stel412
Hey MN peeps! --> “: YDE recital today! 3 and 7 pm at Visitation in Mendota Heights! Hope to see ya there!”
Sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex baby lets fuck hey baby hey. Baby.we gon fuck like robots..
Going to see Braids and Baths
I will be , pro'ly with a few other #VCU folks -- and as far as I know.
#buyAmerican .. only 2%, YES ONLY 2% of all garments sold in America is #madeinAmerica ..HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE.??
those the magnet bracelets?
going to Akahana on Thurs. with a big group. ;)
