is it weird I have a crush on the ikea spokeswoman?
It's half hour for Shakespeare-a-thon. We'll be here til midnight today and tomorrow and hope you join us! 254 w.31st.
that looks delish
Happy Friday! Want to be our friend on Facebook. Like us. We are a friendly bunch:-)
Reading about the adroit craftsmanship in a composition is not unlike hearing how a blind date is a "really good listener."
Petr Nedved still plays hockey. How about that. MT : Petr Nedved’s 3rd period marker turned a tie game into a Czech win vs Latvia
cant it be summer already!?
This rain is putting a damper on my excitement to reuinite with my best friend!!
shit doodoo. What are you doing?
Just when I get my geomatry grade up to a D we have another test back to an F I guess #owell sigh
good :) Id do the same
how old were u when u started to sing
wats wrong love
Time is a constant, thus, adapt to ensure you do what needs to be done. The complaint shouldn't be "If only I had more time"
Let me say this...no #Lakers fan can tell me nothing about the #Heat losing by 3 when y'all got butt rapped last night!
Great! So happy to connect!
yes for those of us that happen to be gingers Haha
ravens VISIT Seattle this weekend. Not the other way around!
just finished re-reading Dean Koontz's Frankenstein Book One - now on to Book Two again! #3 out next month... can't wait!
I got to check one think off of my massive todo list already because I forgot that mobile Overdrive hasn't changed. This!? is awesome!
Thanks for the RT luv, man!
Can't believe Thanksgiving is almost here! Get your fall scents now! Pumpkin Spice, Oatmeal Spice, and Apple Spice. YUM!
Hey, I try! (I try to rock those Stones songs, too!)
YOU MARRYIN SOMEONE ELSE DOE SO :-*
Thank you so much. Glad you like the jewelry.
Stupid broken phone...
Stay strong! Make sure it is dark
the slow green fox hopped under the lazy dog.
Happy Friday!!
Action & reaction, ebb & flow, trial & error, change is the rhythm of living.
thank you kindly!
where at? Is it the one in Florida?
extra good luck today!!! Hope u run better than yesterday!!!! See you @ Snoqualmie sometime*
FF , , , , for live coverage of #Seau funeral & memorial.
Ugh, that guy's been ruining my life since he came to Florida. Same pronunciation but mine's fancier
Well done Cher. You're a great artist. Not that u asked but put a hash tag b4 autism and u will reach more folks.
Me and my sis were talkin a little earlier about how people think we mean , we came to the conclusion that were just honest, maybe too much
Ano section mo ?
Heats doing work
Something stupidly offensive. Like every other time. ": Crap. I left twitter for an hour. What did Gingritch say?"
Just Pre-ordered: Silversun PIckups new album Neck Of The Woods. Can't wait.
81 degrees in Miami and it's hailing!
How quickly and precisely can you describe what you want? If you are unclear on what you want you probably won't get it.
Reminds me of old joke about how to make a hormone ...don't pay her :)
thanks for hooking me & my girls up with that booty mix, hoochie momma hit the spot! Lmao
Today at noon is our last #sxsw show. SteadyBoy Records showcase at G&S Lounge.
#ghettotranslations that's that shit I DONT like= I really don't appreciate you doing that to me, it's offensive.
me to and I hope mine do to !!!
(jen) Waiting for my video to render so I can go to bed.
Pres. Clinton with David Feherty -- must see TV.
Just switched to MTV. Maybe just the hair. LOL“: Boris305 are you watching tv right now? The dude on MTV's "Made" is ur twin.lol”
haven't seen it yet. Really want to now though. I think they have a few very different scenes.
That's baseball! Grow up sissy. “: The whole "you hit one of our guys, so I'm gonna plunk one of yours" thing is so stupid.”
At Mason's concert at Grace and St. Peters church, I have not burst into flames yet but it does smell very Catholic in here.
A day like this doesn't come around that often ~
Going to have my Will, Power of Attorney and Living Will drafted tomorrow. Anyone wants dibs on the Power of Attorney?
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
I am about to go get my Zen On
Zelda is the working title for a film project, a modern story intertwined with the mythos of Zelda Fitzgerald.
maybe.. were still waiting on another band .. If not I'll hit ya up
haha oh man I missed that!!! Lol. Weird things happen at iPhonic shows
"Your Work is AMAZING! Its so BAD ASS... You hoNOR hip-hop culture." - Quote courtesty of: Bella Beezee (Las Vegas, Nevada USA), 2012
Unknown~ Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
lost? follow me! (;
oh no I won't!
I called parents,dad picked up phone&still yelling @ mom in next room~YOU'VE GOT 20 PAIRS OF BLACK HEELS! THEY ALL GO WITH YOUR BLACK DRESS!
hi. I love you. my life would be complete if you followed me. <3
why what happened!!! :o
LAA Kazmir flirting w/ trouble early, second time through the order might be tough
I make beats in my head so fast. Why can't the money for the equipment to put my creations together come this fast.
Why can I only get boring clothes to match, and never my cute ones? Sigh. Farewell, cute clothes, I hardly knew ye!
Consumers abandon prepaid wireless carriers, WSJ reports
Oh, good. My one-man fan club has moved on to something else.
TPS will produce a white paper on color technologies for a digital solutions company in January.
Giving my heart to a man completely, but always end up hurt in the end!
would you rather be 1-8 in the playoffs or 2 for 18 in game 7?
Gr8 AM w/ moms & kids. Making puppets & T's. Now making pelmeni for 30.
real cool....i remember when i had my first beer!!!!
That certainly is a unique bartering system.
Very interesting. I guess I just noticed the rehashed bits. Thanks. (And dude, you need to see more than ten minutes.)
the fuck up. Your a piece of shit that doesn't know how to treat women or raise a kid. Get a fuckin life.
Good morning #txla12 -Gen Sess II this afternoon w/ & guests, still time to donate blood (until 1:30pm), signings, & TT4L -enjoy!
is looking for an #Oracle #DBA for a full time role il #Lexington, KY
Finally finished my Christmas shopping before the 23rd, a personal best.
I go to sleep with a picture of a porsche on my wall
Ok get on google plus
I can come do that for u
Thank you all for coming out to the show on Thursday! We had a great time.
how you put them signs on
yeah and I'm never gonna
WHAT THHEEEEE FUCCCCKKK CHEATING ASS REFS THEY FUCKING CHEATING
My opinion is that does a lot of good, shining light on important issues. However he never reveals the whole truth, by design.
Feliz Cinco! Why are our people terrible at sleeping in?!
The south bay currently has thousands of homes available! check them out!!
BAR 11 IS THE PLACE TO BE TONIGHT....(BEHIND NORTHSTAR MALL)
burned 309 calories doing 31 minutes of "Running (jogging), 6.7 mph (9 min mile)"
I've heard so many great things about you, I can't believe I haven't followed you yet on principle alone.
Good News! I secured media coverage with REDBOOK Magazine this month!
I've been cleaning my whole house for the last 2 hours BY MYSELF...not to mention cooking for my brother as well
So thankful that “I Get To!”® choose my perspective – I choose gratitude!
haha you know how it is
Revolucion crates changes in our system of living waking up visualizes better future in our life system.
and they say theres a war going on overseas. If a kid dies and a politician doesnt care did it really happen
I was kidding...
On a personal note, this kid outta SA said my tweets are lame...just trying to keep your bitch ass from becoming the prison punk u look like
Oh, Sea Ranch vacation with the drunks is on!! 5 days, 2 house, 18 drunks, obscene amount of food & booze.
graduated to a stylus for my touch devices...
Only white family in this whole restaurant
And in that moment I swear we were infinite....<3
You will fail in your dreams only if you allow it to. Never stop fighting for what you believe in no matter how big of the challenge it is.
Eve Atticus killing shit on the radio. Of course.
#aallfs what stresses you more about technology? Having it too much or missing it when unavailable?
Unless I know you personally (and we're friends), don't address me as 'dude', 'man', or 'guy'....
Passover Seder went well. We used a Liberated Haggadah. Brought to mind those still in slavery and joy for those who have been freed.
I DM'd you, hit me up later tonight!
Perfectly timed lane change, as the horse in the trailer (in front of me) had to relieve itself.
CM inaugurates 95th birthday celebrations of Mar Chrysostum
Has anyone been to the Tattoo Museum in Baltimore? Does anyone have a good tattoo story?
you said when and where I named it...so you the fake one...end of convo, go hang with ringless Murphy
Agreed! People definitely use technology to access info. 250,000+ use a phone in SD each year to access services by dialing 2-1-1
live Wednesday night following UK game w/special guest !!! Gonna be a great night!!!
They just do..(: call me crazy but they do(:
Girl-crushing on after NAILING her Sarah Palin performance in HBO's "Game Change." Most interesting film I've seen in 2012.
Awkward moment when I scream "it smells like vagina" and Martiak grills me lmao
I love rock and roll
I haven't please take pictures!
happy birthday!
Super early to trivia semi-finals. Sorry #coffee but we think we picked a good seat!
oh I'll do it ASAP thank u my love
RT : Do you love hiding electrical outlets? Well an exciting career in hotel design might be just what you're looking for!
Clearing the stadium now bc of weather threats in the area. VT leads 4-1 in the middle of the 5th innings.
well call the Dongmail and describe. 323-301-DONG
Same, but it didn't work for THE ROAD. Thought they'd die if I stopped reading.
Got a package for ya! PS the sign looks GREAT!
I feel guuuuuuuuuud.
sick first place avatar.
I KNOW ASDFGHJKL.
ewww that sucks lmao and I will!
Don't let nobody tell you your life is over!
What are you looking this ain't your business
Im glad I got a great taste in females...
After a week vaca... 792 emails and both coffee shops at work are closed today. Heaven help me!
#hash #tagging #every #word,
I MEAN ITS YOU DADDY !! DADA IS ALFRED YOUKNOW THAT!!
honey badger
Yes. I need iA Writer for the iPhone to help write my second book. (Wrote 1st one in Writer for iPad, Mac)
I received sum bad news nd now more bad luck wit more bad news..thanks everyone for keepin my son nd I n ur prayers
It's going to be one of those Fridays....
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a business. With it, it becomes creation
#NeverTrustSomeone who says "Oh i'll come back for you".
yes he is like omg♥
And the #Wranglers extend their lead to 2-0 w/ a PPG by w/ 5:30 left in the 2nd period.
Herman Cain is speaking the language of white people and the Koch brothers, and his fans are loving it!
I LOVE your shoes! I so want them!
You think you know a Muhhfucka...then BOOM!!! just like dat. . . . .
Nice! (and happy birthday)
And here's another story showing what MOST adjuncts do >>The Bidens’ tax returns stir adjunct discussion: ://bit.ly/J7Gw16
my scalp feels amazing from an impromptu concoction of spray leave-in i made 4 my hair: water, coconut oil, tea tree oil and conditioner
- Really a neat photo slider you have put together, I'm looking forward to diving into your code and getting acquainted.
The most important thing she'd learned over the years was that there was no way to be a perfect mother and a million ways to be
pfft, she wouldn't do that. She loves me too much <3
If co-workers brag about picking an upset in the NCAA tourney, ask them if they can name one player on the team.
P-town bound.
thanks babe you too ! Xoxo
type in the shortest search term 4 a site, and aim to do better than the top 5. If I can design it better, I know my code will be better.
Pretty fowl? If bird poops on your head it's good luck. If same goes for chickens, it's my lucky day! Now back to Capitol with clean hair!!!
I mean, it was partly my fault for gratuitous shot at TX public schools, but still. Must learn that TX cannot be criticized.
Dear , your website is down, nobody answers your phone, and your voicemail box is full. Busy day? Withdraw your support of
You want $1,000 per year for API access to my own content? You are out of your fucking mind.
God gives us the abillity to do something, we just have to physicaly make it happen.
hey luvie we don't talk a lot of time more 3 hour I can talk with u on Skype u want too ?
Teens need more perspectives, which is why my book's dedication is: To the youth whose story has yet to be told.
Appropriate response to neoliberal academic subject (Rosalind Gill) is unionised academic subject.
This dreary weather is wearing on me!!
I luv Bo Ryan. Nobody can tell players what to dothen get them to do it like he can. No question of talent tween MU and UW. But Bo Knows.
still on detox...THANKS for the delicious tease. #damnyoudetox and
#ChildPlease, go ahead and give your testimony....
Thank you! :) RT : #FF fantastic campus resources
I'm righhhttt here!
I just got paid today, but contrary to popular (zztop) belief, I do NOT have a pocket full of change.
it is a long story but i have scratches on me where my sister hit m and crap but i cant hit her back but the cop is coming
How yo tweets and status updates protected, but your vagina public? DA FUQ
What does 6 innings of shutout ball and 8 K's get you? A loss if you're Jared Weaver of the #Angels. There's a serious funk going on!
HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZZYYY, but here's my # call me maybe😉
the protest movement wanted change... but you chased out the skeptics and turned it into a democratic party canvass.
the Hawaii Food and Wine festival works for me!
seriously on every radio station!
Today's action item: vanquish this monstrous "to-do" list. So far it's been a productive morning.
Thanks for the #FF love!
My main thing is that I want to start learning when I'm out of the working world and doing what I do, not to appease illegals.
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP ♥ :D
Back from Pigeon Forge. Hated to leave. Had a good time with my honey in our pretty, pine cabin. Wish we could have stayed another day.
Don't tell anyone this secret... I have never been to a BLAZER'S game... I have never been to a NBA game. My birthday 26th
Felicidades --named acting director, media and technology institute!
Hey there
What kind of phone do you have? (:
Congrats on celebrating 126 years!
OMFG IM SO EXCITED. my parents are getting me a car yes omg!
Thanks for the mention.
Lol yeaah , do you know where the soap is ? ;p and yes (:
The Web and its DNS(es) have conspired against me today, and they're not playing nice. Servers, I'm looking at you.
GENERIC JESUS/TEBOW TWEET
Just home at this point.
I like them short shorts
Personal trainer $45 a session or $400 for 10 sessions. Look your best this summer! Open 7 days a week.
Processing my work notes on a daily basis would make my life so much easier (only 3 more inches of paper on my desk to go through...).
Happy birthday!!!!!
Thank you for your patience while we get this up and running.
met the boys, i didnt cause i was at my seat already when they arrived:/ but yeah was amazingg
#9: I'm probably the laziest person you will ever meet.
are you at Abercrombie ?
¡De nada! Thanks for sharing interestingness around!
This summer Cincinnati's Crime rate is gonna turn the fuck up.
Baby, I'm lovesick.
": meet n greet today! Were you happy with it?
That's a disgusting thing to say to anyone. Now you look like an idiot. Way to go.
oh I do, I do lol
Thanks for the follow
There is a uhaul place across the street. Irony?
dont forget about me when you go
Why is rihanna in battleship? Her forehead is already big enough without them putting it on the bigscreen Sheesh
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/29/2012 and was under her calorie goal
The cancellation of GCB on ABC reinforces my belief that TV should stop trying to make Kristen Chenoweth into a thing. Let her do Broadway!
All i ever wants was to act on my attraction, i never meant to hurt you thats just my natural reaction
Do you think the Libertarian Party's history may deter a lot of Paul supporters from supporting your campaign?
": What y'all on" --> Straight Chi Town! I'm chillin Jo...
For any #mac users or #editors, #FinalCutX is officially released. great product great price
Nice to finally meet you! Can't wait for our waffle date.
it made for a lovely Monday!
Thanks love!!
NO NO
I predict that is going to take that #dancing with stars trophy! :D
I'm ready to move back to Chicago and settle down finally.
DAMN I MISS 708!!!!
Two hours of #MBMBaM today. Huzzah! Happy 2 years/100 episodes, brothers McElroy!
RT -- remains at #1 on Curt's Café for the 17th straight day -- Congrats Elli! #jazz #singer #popular : )
Next screening at USC is "Sin City"! Stay tuned for details on time & place.
lol! I just bashed some!
yuh! I was gonna hit the gym up but I'm waiting for these rants lmao
look who actually spelled it right (:
My only complaint is that I can't see yours. Avant garde avatar my rhinestone headbanded friend!
I just looked back to see if tommy was asleep. He is usually out cold by now.
I was really scared to goto Rays Indoor MTB park, but Ian dragged me there last night and I had the time of my life! I Highly reccommend it!
Hide n' Seek Champions: 1. Waldo 2. Osama Bin Laden 3. Phone when on Silent.
#ThingIHearEveryday Janet, do the dishes. Like fo real mom its your son's turn!
Do you have the iRadioNOW app?
thank you for supporting Big #Louisiana #BatonRouge love
People Wanted Me To So Ima Change My Twitter Name To
My second thought. I'm going to wait until after next weekend at the Vype Tourny. Every1 is not featured in that game.
There's not a day that goes by when Liz doesn't inspire me...
yay! booked our wedding photographer tonight! looking forward to working with !!
Thanks for the follow..following you too!
Remember Everyone Makes Mistakes. Learn From Them
I do not know why, I can not girl I can tell who they would rather I see it lying him her eyes I want one I can trust the
Curious: what the "...to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute..." is for?
Uhh, trick question? Who wouldn't want a funfetti cake?!
Well we have an intellectual (very) lightweight running this country.
Shouldn't be drinking coffee before an overnight flight... But as of now moodiness and words of b***h I don't care is very fitting.
RT : Sveum declines to talk about Wood retirement until after Wood talks. "I will use him according to the game today."
Welcome to my house party
Great Q&A session with 's and 's on balancing family and science careers.
Love....u need to make some feeble attempt at rest.
And i thought I was done with the presentations for the year -.-
just dont get mad or react , itll soon b over
Shit happens move on..
I'm absolutely ELATED right now! Eff these rainy skies!
Sitting in my bedroom floor, watching tv and then I realized how much I love my girls, & !! That is all.
Had trial this morning at DC Superior Court
i was kidding Dx i solly and u r young but i younger(;
SOX: Dustin Pedroia goes opposite field for two-run double, giving the #RedSox a 4-1 lead with nobody out in B2.
Human encounters with #grizzlies rare; with #wolves even rarer--yet wolves are villified. Why? They compete w/human ranchers, hunters.
Mrnin twitter up for this mrnin wrkout the off to wrk remember give.God the glory he is in control the battle ia his not urs be blessed
is bad
get used to it okay
Awesome! It's already in my Instapaper queue.
I hope the dolphins beat tom brady up!
Oreos oreos oreos BELLA jk my dogs oreo and bella :)
tish!!!! Yo, while I got you, I'm at the car dealership. Can you DM me your address? I need references!!!! Lol
don't hate me cause you ain't me
Cute. I have to record the QVC show on 4/4. Damn! I really wanted to watch live.
Vomiting is not a good time
; there you go, talkin bout u miss me so, that u love me so, why I let ya go, there u go cause your lies got old, look at you, there you go.
To the unfortunate person who gets stuck sitting next to me at tonight's Noel Gallagher show: I'm sorry ... for everything.
i gotta pee. and yes. I spelled that right.
SEEING is BELIEVING - does the world know you exist? We want to get you SEEN. Call us! 410.513.9199
The best thing about university?...Cereal dinners.
ringalinaling!! Hello? HI Elizabeth! Thanks for following! ttyl!!
How can I love someone so fucking much? Damn. 
...which means I have lots to do offline
Polls have closed... not resu
cakin it at cake....
Brilliant! I wished I'd known about muuter for the entire football season (or at least yesterday).
Finish that paper for Doucet so proud of my self!!!!!!!!!! :-D
That, my friend, is a good idea.
yet another reason to avoid tempeh
iPads. Not just for Dads anymore!
I couldn't resist (:
I love ! The other one... Not so much
#OOMF sed they would live in a homeless shelter and be poor working jus to buy me a lambo .
where you gonna live ?!
I of course love and use but dabble in & too!
Keep calm and pinch Louis' cheeks.
Jeremy, you are indeed a Blues Traveler.
Next tweet will be the teaser from "God is an Atheist and He/She/It Wants us to be one Too", by Robert Larkin - part of #dareproject 20!
Live each day as if it were your last. One day you'll be right.
Tonight, John Cooper & the Sundance Festival Programmers gave us the rundown on the films that will be showing at the festival. Awesome!
hahahahhahaha your sandy sheets?!?
There's some serious butthole talk going on at DBB Dayton Chapter. Where's when we need him?
French bread pizza and SportsCenter. This is how I start my morning.
Who's excited for BOOK OF MORMON on tour? Say "Hello!" to your Elder Price: Tony nominee !
thanks for the RT!
Gettin the girls ready for school! 💜
Brohyde Photo shoot Saturday 1pm doin it like we do!!!
Great move by the Falcons tonight adding Jason Snelling back to the team. He is a hard hat kind of player. Awesome job Falcons front office!
RT : God has been good to me rt
it's all about stalking the right people.
In The Studio
*sigh* The USA economy is doing better per
May tomorrow! That's my month doe <333
Clone of "Decent" Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
I can see the end of me; my whole expanse I can now see. I formulate infinity, and store it deep inside of me.
we should play some! I'm doing the same heh
THANKYOU! I love and miss both of you girls! <33
As you can see the #YLDCEvapalooza is the place to be this new years! Don't miss out: , DJ, silly cover band, food, friends...
olive garden (:
Stuck at this number
Damn Rudy Gay
I love my twitter Saints fans! My timeline is filled with #WHODAT, #SAINTS, and take that bitch ass #Giants, aaahahahaha! BOW!
Jennings need to stop early shooting. Let the offense drive and kick. It's worked the past 18+ games.
RT : FIU Professor Eduardo Gamarra at #FIUAVCC: This new generation of entrepreneurs is a transnational generation.
Conservatory students: we've now designated the MNL Ground Floor areas as priority use for those using the Music/Media Collections.
Hi boyfriend 😍I love you to the 🌟and back !
Mine. Too. I somehow doubt my jammies are *the* prom look I'd go for.
Hahah *scrolls* oh..uh..ack!! *runs away* : I know! I'm so overwhelmed and feel so anxious after 2 mins, I shut down.
It's annoying when the person walking or running next to you is gossiping about a gym staff member
Sorry for the delay, it has more cheese in the bun with a bit more ooze,and the addition of the shot of mac and cheese .
Sonny is currently working on a dubstep song about how much she hates dubstep. Thoughts?
can u install service 4 me or remove my addy from ur availability list? Rented a house for yr b/c u all said I could get cable
I heard they're changing it to "All That She Wants is Another Baby (and a Loose Vagina)"
he was outspoken before, but same pt. He doesn't want others to make money off his investments by putten them at risk
God is enough for me.
Neutral service car please!
I'm starting to get into #Google+ a bit. Looking forward to their business offerings.Any tips for making #G+ useful?
having a great time in Cocoa Beach. got some great pictures, soon to upload
Doing things you don't notice your doing <
WH Counsel Ruemmler:12 of 14 judges in bipartisan deal should have been confirmed in 2011.
Nice site. Who's marketing it for you? I did a site health scan. Let me know if you'd like to see the link.
It *is* fun ;^) I'm on a 1-pigment-every-morning routine (right after the Dutch lesson); you should see the straining cloths..
I saw a bracelet in hot topic that said stay positive And automatically thought of :D
Going into class! This is gonna be a GOOD one! <3<3<3
Ladies do not forget to put in your bra before you leave the house
Y'all could bring me some too? Kthanks. :)
Trying to think of college theme parties 5 years after graduating is harder than I thought.. What were your favorites?
Watching kick some A at Amoeba on Sunset.
I'm done college.
Switching up the workout. Back to Barry's Bootcamp 2 days a week then mixing it up with boxing @ the Wild Card gym the other 3.
Can't deal, summer is too close for issues.
RT If U r listening to rap music right now Lol:)
Love is the energy of life.
are we about to be a landlord?????
I got a hair cut and now I can't just put my hand behind my back on the top of my jeans and touch my hair. I have to reach for it now...WAH.
It's Miami Music Week: 20th - 25th March! Where are you partying?! MIAMI 2012
Off to the Landmark to see SOUND OF MY VOICE and BERNIE.
Saw a pink jet plane fly through the sky. Does Mary kay now offer a jet incentive?
I hope the Giants do this tonight. RT : All Mets starters will be using Beastie Boys songs as their walk-up music tonight.
Can't buy love can't hide hate
Enjoying the scenery as I travel through the Swiss Alps on my way to Chamonix
Watching reruns from an old failed 80s sitcom
PLACE YOUR HAND IN MINE ILL LEAVE WHEN I WANNA
I truly have no idea what it's like to have problems sleeping. I am out immediately upon hitting the pillow and it has been at times
oh ok thanks! Is it easy to find?
"What the fuck is a pay phone" - Everybody under 25 watching #TheVoice right now.
the Illinois Department of Human Services is requiring us to submit 3 electronic copies of our proposal. Think about that for a minute.
he will!! Keep trying!! :)
was there anything that was cool or that you liked about it?
Me "Aladdin was a project man but he changed & they lived happily ever after" "umm yea but u forget there was a genie involved" lol
4/22 and 4/23 11a-6p at 311 S.W. Water St. Peoria, IL. Looking for security, hospitality, maintenance, crew and book keeping!
shoot i drank alotttt
I am a firm believer that if you are over the age of 30 you should not publicly wear tshirts with Hollister written across the front.
Trying a hack: I've stuffed JSON for shapes & centroids into the interaction layer. Let's see how much weight that adds.
- yo!! How can we get on? We are looking for any open slots @ SXSW if you can help hit us back ASAP! Thx.. Cheers!
Great book blogs to follow on this
- consistently providing amazing images of sport. Always enjoy the stuff that you post, keep up the great work...
Dude ass in this doctor's office staring hard as shit!
Coming up at 5:00 & 6:00, home video taken just after a mobile home explosion in Clackamas you'll see ONLY ON 12.
neva mind. apparently she got it back ? ;o
RT : Who's excited about Sonny Rollins? Me!!
that wasn't so bad. cool.
I can't take it if people are mad at me. I'm too sensitive /:
We would love to help you celebrate! Did you decide on a day yet?
i am so wishing i was there! i'd even take a small crash to be there :) jonesing over the posts i'm reading
I felt like I needed to do warm ups today in order to jump in and get all of my stuff for today done
take a pic please!! Do it for the fans! xx
Does anyone have guidelines on installing Android onto HP webOS tablets?
New major dislikes from the road: hotel parking attendants, parking lots with no attendants and parking time that ends at 7am.
I'll stock up on Cheese whiz then. Looking forward to your arrival. as are my all growed up kids. :) Are you free now?
.... That actually sounds kind of good.
#ABDC7 Makes my Wednesday nights!
updating the website again....don't forget to download your free version of the app!
I could take YOUR bitch!")
Buckminster Fuller "dymaxion" principle The Shrinking of technology #uafsmediacomm Did you get the theorist's name?
Austin: you got me, you got me mom. Mom: don't you just love me? They're like best friends, I love their relationship.
: a cold, day-old version of your veggie lasagna is good enuf to deserve its own entry in ur next cookbook. #Mangia!
this just confirms the need for a real life wine party, like, soon.
Download for great free shit all over town!
I love watching OKC bring a total white out to the arena. Those are real fans.
We have a new server ready - vpn-mf17 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
You are most open when you first catch the ball.
Participating as a mentor in the #SDSU Business development and experience program. Great to see so Manu community leaders viounteering!
Dumb niggas need to mind their own business -.-
Just saw Captain EO where Michael Jackson meets Star Wars meets Francis Ford Coppola's directing ha this show IS the best of the 80s
RT : Q5. Favorite landmark/site/location to photograph? Show us a pic!
#12 is the Weird Al of this B. RT : Surgical.
almost tempted to let the dog go to the bathroom inside just so he doesn't come back in covered in pollen. ALMOST.
oh I so missed the VMA's I wanted to see it just to see what gaga was gonna do or wear. She's so crazy lol
It was good! Parking was like heaven...
There's an even better way: 11.5 pH water that strips off the wax coating that's on most produce (and boosts antioxidants).
THAT IS INSPIRING
Thanks for the post about our exhibition & behind-the-scenes tours! We hope to see you at Reynolda House soon!
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth.<3
I HATE A SORRY ASS FEMALE....
FYI: city hall closed today and non-emergency city services are suspended due to Good Friday
Being Single Is Cool...Lol
You bet bro. DVR.
can I be louis' gf
It's a reggae day.
The new girl on SNL is quite fetching.
Designing a Beer Cocktail Program and Collaborating with the Hoosier Beer Geeks!!!! Stoked!!!!
Talk in the shop "would u do a guy in the but for 3million dollars " 😲🔫
RT : I haven't been to my corner in a while. Nice to see you're still enjoying it.
It's friday and we're making risotto. Nice way to start the weekend.
Like If: You Go To UTSA!
Hey stranger! I loved that scent, but after a recent flight with an attendant reeking of it, I'm not so down with Lovespell.
hello there Tereza! (: did you get some food??
Thanks, I try :)
The greenhouse at our Riverwest location will be open this weekend! Time to get your garden started.
just woke up from a 4 hour nap....wait whaaT?
Ouch RT : Cool on her... she got that retweeted pussy
Mentally has to be, "kill or be killed" in this game ill take all the #TheUsociety to battle with me!
I hear ya.
Problem now is we have too many channels of communication.
wrong. Wards penalty is absolutely the reason they lost
Best idea to come out of Cville Yale Feb Club for Old People: let's convert abandoned Corner restaurant into a strip club.
I think it's a safe assumption! I will put it into my outline to talk more about it then. It's time to change things up!
I'm not liking it very much. Things really need to slow down.
Manny Para needs to get shoved in the dugout. Now.
So so sorry. I left my marketing stuff on floor of my room, no problem... The universe will smile on you to make up for this...
Any pool players out there? I have friend with patented device that helps with bank shots. You cannot miss...
I second that.
my trainer doing it for free and I start Tomrw
RT : We're winning, very slowly - Farmer's markets up 17% this year, according to USDA.
$1.2 mill! Does my heart good to know I helped quintuple the spending of the local Republican hate machine.
We want to thank you all for the support of and all that we are doing with the app.
Have you checked your reminder sticker? Past due? Give 20 minutes to take care of your vehicle's oil change.
jeez! my friend tyler is in a pissy mood he sayed hes got reasons for not getting on cam wat did i ever do to him!!??
Gary Clark, Jr. for excellent guitar.
RT : #CJD occurs worldwide at a rate of about 1 case per million population per year #prion testing in #USA would increase that #
Getting ready to head to Cali tomorrow!
Never underestimate solidarity.
Don't like having Brad Bergeson on the major league roster. But hard to send down a player who gets paid in bits of tin foil and sea shells.
Interesting. BC's UA deal was undisclosed. Presume main drivers are retail sales/year and aggregate tv appearance audience.
Falling asleep in my work clothes..
Cool! I'm looking forward to it!
Yes! Excited for wedding situations and fun!
I reeeeaaaaalllllyyyyy need a new twit con
REALLY wish William Shatner's one man show was coming closer than North Carolina. Throw Tampa Bay a bone, Bill! May I call you Bill? No? oh.
Due to a conflict in scheduling, our Novel into a Film program has been bumped back a week. NEW DATE - March 28th - 6:30 PM
How's the neck? Looking forward to seeing you back next year...hopefully.
All is well thank you. And you? Weekend plans are with family :)
thanks for inviting me
Packers are owning this draft so far.
Becky Hammon makes her first 5 shots and leads Silver Stars with 18 points.
thumbs down. Three cheers for Rose.
same here , a real shame that stopped it all of a sudden!
43-43 at halftime. Let's go Heat!!!
Great stretch DWade. Stop and complain about a no call and give up a fastbreak, then lay someone out for the flagrant. Veteran plays.
Waiting for the bus to come and im already late to class:/
Hey You Check Out Ebony Day On YouTube She Is Amazing!!!(:
Are you going to share? Or do we have to come to the meeting.
I WANNA TWEET SOMETHING VIRAL WORTHY.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
I wanna delete myself from this world, it would make so many people so much happier.
Cole Hamels should tell the commissioner he was joking the first time. I bet they'd reverse the decision. It'd be his word against his word.
thanks I brought you back extra matzah
Is that in this Kindle Fire commercial?
Photovotingcontest.com is now on Twitter. Come follow us.
“ IF you bite my lip or neck. You better start taking off your fucking clothes lol”
Daily GTKY question: What do you like or do that no one in your house would do?
my comment was in reference to a different tweet.. % who say relationship began as friendship..
ah kaleigh wub you more see your pwetty face soon 😘
#randomthought who do you think they hire to yell "GET IN THE HOLE!" at every pro golf tournament? Lol
we're great! Transitioned Ava to her crib this wknd. I survived. :) No big plans just getting carpets clean Saturday afternoon.
why can't cartoons be in real life/
Loving #paleo oatmeal.Blend nuts-almonds and pecans+ add your favorite fruit and coconut milk.Heat in microwave.
hope you gets better!
our sport is so in the air now bc we don't have people who not only train fighters but also train and create decent respectable citizens
Weight loss can cure sleep apnea.
"Bad men are elected by good women who stay away from the polls on Election Day." 1st Lady Lou Hoover
I just feel that i wana make the next my best!
that was like a rude
thanks, With #hashtag chops like that, you could be a social media intern!
Hey thx for the RT! I was surprised at the FB page likes too. Here I thought Lady Gaga was taking over, but it's Zynga!
had a blast last night! Thank you and T Rok! See u on the 25th!!!
Well damn this sucks.
LOL. "Hes lucky i didnt throw this f*cking remote at him"
WHY SO SERIOUS ?
I have been trying so hard to reduce my diet soda habit
please tweet me anything will be nice :)5
Aw, surely Cherry Garcia would count.
Oh I love that! Once I get a few errands done I am going to head over that way.
Sleep time :)
RT : What's the premier ratio for a gin and tonic? (I simply introduce them by clinking bottles. Then, Tanq 10 and olives/glass)
Got a new LS 450, ain't no keys in this do-hicky.
RT : First trip of the day to the new in Petworth. Such a time saver from Home Depot.
i broke out in hives on the way to my first show ever back in '09. this next ill probably get pregnant outside the venue
Screw Tim Tebow.
Starting to get my voice back from the Seahawks game, it was truly amazing!
Had to explain to a girl why she has AIDS last night. She was not amused. Cc:
Hoping if i even get picked for the G+ hangout that my camera/mic work..:o
I'm glad you're into us! What were you thinking about? We'd love to do a piece or something :)
The Woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has ever been before.
Omg I cant stop coughing :(
A fight to the death between a ful grown African Lion and an American Grizzly bear...Who wins?
Missed you!
I just teared up looking at a handful of ANIMATED GIFS from the first couple minutes of Up. Saddest opening sequence of all time?
Yes ma'am. Its hella weird being back now ante it? Everyone doing the same shit and it kinda makes you question some things.
You guys! I just ran 6 miles w/ an under 9 min pace. AND it included one hill repeat up the evil Lincoln Memorial Hill. It's a Becky record!
yay & follows me all i need is
Anyone following you and telling what you can and can't tweet?
Makeup and high heels are a plus, but a great smile and personality should be a must.
What an amazing thing to do. :) Thanks so much for that perspective.
hahahahha don't worry :))
Bob, when can we learn your tech predictions for 2011?
Dam, not Metatron! He was beastin Nagas this year.
OMFG IM GOING TO GET CHICKEN STRIPS NOW
Enjoy Your Weekend everyone!!!
Lunch on the mall :) who knew it was this close to work?!
Time dont stop..people do...
Ever get that feeling that someone is staring at u?! Yeah... That's what's happening right this minute!!!
so my best guy friend asks me Q: Do u like me? A: ya in a friend way Him: no like in a bf way?? me:well...no...im lieing i totally like u
Adam Lambert should definitely come out with a makeup line and sell it in Hot Topic
going to the ship huh? have fun at the ship dog
Listen, are you breathing just a little and calling it a life?
Sweet Jesus $1,100.00 to fix my truck....
and I have a surprise for you , that you'll appreciate!
Free Noble Fir Christmas Trees at 4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd (donations for youth program encouraged) Please RT!
Wait what's happening down there in July?
Blazers lose to worst team at home while allowing 124 pts? Blow this team up, PA. Terrible.
talking about giving birth on a plane in global. intersesting.
Local car dealers are celebrating. Feb. sales are up for many. Pend up demand and more 6:30pm
I just pooped my brains out-- now its hollow in there? echo echo echo...
Motorsports: Turn 4: NASCAR's burning questions Should the Sprint Cup Series return to The Rock? Which driver needed a week off most? Ou
Sitting in the sun. Waiting for the warmth.
is that a boxer?!? I'm going to see my mom's 8 boxer puppies today!
you should play turn to you((: cause you love meh.
Hi Carol! Thanks much for the RT. Missed you at Ballard. One day...
can i come watchhhhlikeeeeee
awhhhhhh! Get a room.
But you are actually hurting yourself, because nobody knows how you truly feel, just because you don't wanna shed a tear.
I met you last night in my dream! You sang at a Yankee game. Coolest dream ever! Better than when I shopped with Hilary Duff!!
As a STH I'm happy with the product I receive for my money. As a consumer of merchandise, it's embarrassing.
#UCLAParentsWeekend welcome concludes with rendition of "Sons of Westwood" by Bruin Harmony and Random Voices. Nicely done.
i got in a really bad bike accident going down a hill so i cant :/ sorry . if it dsont involve a camra i might
The Tempest composer Shaun Davey wins Outstanding Music for a Play!
grilled cheese and tomato soup was a huge win today..
Teaching to use emoji free and she is LOVING ICONS!!!
www.mwishartpi.com or www.mwishartinvestigations.com Cheaters get caught not just by their spouse also by their family members Mom hires PI.
Great session today! Good seeing you all.
GRRRR RT : Angry discovers Comcast dropped Soap Network. Hell shall be unleashed.
I gotta ask, was he sober?
Ah sleep :)
whoa you have a lot of followers. Why'd you follow me? O.o
You're my hero.
There is a greater statistical probability that DeJesus will kill monkeys that are different from her than other monkeys.
Just finished our first corporation account. Bringing & teaching the "WAVE" of fun, dance and teamwork together for a Flash mob
Come to think of it, I don't actually know what happened in 1012. Im a bad Euro historian. Either that or it was a boring yr
Unbelievable tennis match! Though I favor the winner will deserve the victory.
I hope I get your dumbass bonded out tomorrow so I can punch you in the fucking face.
I have a 100% chance of dying that's a fact but my percentage of living depends me.
“: #backchannel You know I do that in special situations when people need to listen and be inspired!!!” ok!
The annual police memorial is today. What better way to celebrate your citizenship then 1000 men in uniform?
And our guides to #LincolnPark have arrived!
Stevie is my nigga....he's musical and spiritual IQ is through the roof
Aww boo it will work out!! So planning a trip with you included :) either come straight to ny or AC?!
RT You have insecurities/ trust-issues/doubts? ...yeah,
He's had his fair share of baserunning mishaps. The time he got picked off against Philly comes to mind.
:( it worked
ha lol, it sure does look very real but that whole game is like that like the prego women go to the dr and get US in the game
How have I turned into the social coordinator of MLANET? Not complaining. :)
thanks for solving my dilema
Killer idea: Contact lenses that become opaque and neon green when they aren't in your eye. Ya know, when they're on the floor.
that has to be so frustrating. I've given up on the bus. I drive him now.
Just an FYI, Lenovo released System Update 4.03 on March 29th...
That His Repulsiveness, Newt, could worm his way into the public consciousness illustrates the abject failure of politics and media here.
Ever feel like you spent the entire day sticking your foot in your mouth? :/
The worst part of the train2airport ride isn't her off-key singing but rather the images of Simon Cowell in an awful white v-neck t-shirt.
Good morning world :-)
Stay tuned. Announcing soon...
creepy but not at all surprising. HUH is decidedly shady.
L.A. or Denver? Please... Listen UP, TWiTTERVERSE! Us LAkeshow LA residents smoke Nuggets for breakfast!! Cause we MAGiC #32 FastBreak!
finally! i see the retweet! lol
I was literally awake for 48 hours. 👀 I wish I was kidding
"Our" stomache = big laughs!
a #sales career is stressful; maintaining your physical and mental health is a MUST for your long-term
RT : Study study study!- study dem books girl
Paid Search - What's Your Small-Budget Strategy? underway upstairs!
I know its afternoon, but I think Thursday is the most productive day!
I love you WebMD you just saved 's life
RT : RT : "Inspiring others towards happiness brings you happiness." yogi tea #quote of the day
Sitting in our home office banging my head into my pharmacology book.
people these days... not the best day in the world to get on my bad side. hahaha not even kidding.
some songs are just made to be put on repeat and never end. I wish real life moments could be put on repeat and never end too.
Thought I found a mole on my foot. No worries guys it was just chocolate!!!
RT : Working title for tonight's recap at the moment: "Who the F is Lavoy Allen??"
Very sad re Mike Wallace. Journalism at its finest.
now using to post the rss feed from my photo blog onto twitter. crazy!
Hahahaha! I SO busted you!!
"I ain't scared of the Fall"
there are others. Anonymous just seems to make no exceptions and takes no prisoners, imo. Maybe that's why it seems that way.
please follow she is you biggest fan!17
#f4f# follow for follow :) just ask please??
Sure thing! Just DM us your e-mail and we'll have someone contact you directly.
his new nickname is better than Granderson
You have got to be shitting me
you should ask callers if they know what year it is before they are allowed on air
Eating cereal...out of a tall glass...with a fork...with a 1% and skim mix because there wasn't enough of either, THANKS A LOT WALKER! #huh?
Happy Birthday Diane! You are one amazing lady. I am in love with your new book too! You inspired me to write one someday.
#Knicks live to fight another day, beat #Heat 89-87.
that is some serious flow....you boys know what's up! Keep it growin!
Good morning :-P
power to the sweety that is on the tweety
Finishing up at the old studio and getting ready for the new film studio
When I was in school in Missourah, we drove past a huge billboard often: "If you're looking for a sign from G-d, this is it"
How are you going to mentor this candidate?
mwah! miss your pretty face :)
that's some pretty crazy shit the other night. Happy B-day again dude lol
some things just aint meant to be....
Reds are terrible. Their offense can't score runs and their pitchers hang too many balls over the middle of the plate.
Every Cincinnati kitchen needs an indoor grill...because you never know when the weather will change.
twitter or facebook which one you like better
#Incollege you see stuff you couldn't even imagine
Life been good lately #NoComplaints 
Wow, over a 1000 people Thank You!!! Everyone.
proud of myself for getting up at 530am to work out! i was very productive this morning and feel great.
Which ancient civilization is most interesting to you?
For a minute there I was afraid of there being #santorum between a ron paul and romney in an Iowa three way
Dwight Howard grow up
" that's funny...cause Michael is the most gifted man I know!" I'm feeling the bromance
It's so enticing. Nothing else like it. Ima make you my b*tch!
Oh my. A is opening just one block from my office?
Okay, your facebook status was seriously THE best facebook status anyone could ever write.
The Office makes even geometry bearable:)
RT : my next show is at club Eleven in West Hollywood on Saturday Nov. 14th when midnight strikes! - LOVE IT!! Rock on!
Wondering what you will do this Saturday? Well, Kevin Hart will be at Love. To Get Free Entry Text LOVE TO 37404.
I guess you liked the blog post in - Jeff was really fun to interview!
Ah why won't she Pick up her phone?!?!?!?!?
i am sorry baby boo:(
im great
Loved meeting you too! Had such a great time, can't wait to hang out again! Xo
you should. I'm sure it'd be hilarious.
I didn't that #JET's shot had a chance of going in, good bucket
Lose 1 - 3 pounds a day SERIOUSLY www.lasvegashcg.com
It's trending that gas prices are dropping this summer. Some people reporting gas prices as low as $3.52 per gallon. GAS PRICE CHECK IN
Lenin is an interesting figure- ruthless, but smart. Perhaps one of the best politicians of 20th century- Machiavellian-esque.
Shouldn't you be watching the road?
hoping to go back to the hotel to relax. Hopefully my sister allows it haha
ctfu, and where you know this young man from??
Is it Friday? I swear, this week...
Can't stand anyone today. Woke up angry at the world.
CeeLo's cat scares me.
negative... ACL stuff mostly. But similar age and greatness level. Moral of story: NOBODY defies age.
Take Your Medication Roman, Take A Short Vacation Roman, You'll Be O.K.!!
": I ain't played madden since the NFL season ended. Been on 2k since February."
Vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh Challenge tomorrow! We want to give 300 kids free art, music, yoga and social skills classes this summer!
School Board fundraiser at 730. I am NOT and never been a morning person
one minute we were 13 we really are going on 30. scary. i take that back. my next movie gift to you is how to train a dragon
awesome! we'll follow as soon as were set up!
My name is Nia M Diaz nd. . . I LOVE FOOD !
Those Who don't know say ... & Those Who Know don't say .... See I know the InterNet is forever ----> So that Last tweet ...
Sushi with Deborah j. Carter this evening in Amstelveen! Yum! Fun!
To all our guests and partners - we wish everyone the Merriest Holiday Season!
Weyerhaeuser Lesson No. 2 (from the last decade): Identify your strengths and build on them.
If you search online you will find many online stores that are offering yogadvds or cds
#GymFlo done!! Time for some fun in the City!!
shake shake shake. missed moving with you #sxwi this year. let's make up for it at ALA or Monterey.
cool bro. Let me know how I can help in ANY way
It is time for art (:<
At aaaaaaaaallllllllllllllll *sings*
If you wasn't aware... Casart is a family-run (mother and two sisters) and female-owned business. Happy Mother's Day weekend to all! : )
Might see THAT girl next week...It'll be a good chance to see if my feelings have changed.
damn baby gurl
I have told all my friends to follow :))
"You harm the world by dimming your light."
girl. DM me your number. We need to chat. LOL!
that's all the agent's job. we have nothing to do with it
Its about to go down!! Tune into k104 or k104fm.com rock that vote 4 ya boy @ kikij104 or call up 787 1104
The carpet people just postponed themselves a day. No juice box for moi. :-(
Had one of the best weekends in a very long time, thanks to some amazing friends! Thank you all for coming out
You're welcome and we are very happy to have you following us too!
Best dream ever <3
Harold McGee is your man! On Food & Cooking is a book on basic food science & practical cooking techniques.
Just listened to a groovy soulful folk rock band called 'Brothers Moving' playing in
DailyHookahTip#112: To make homemade shisha with household supplied, mix tobacco with honey.
yes you are very gay
appreciate it sir
your sentence about brands wanting to become "friends" as obscene is spot on.
y'all i love to listen to yall in the morning
same here, im also looking forward to asking Alexandria
Nothing better than a great workout
“: sit down.” lmfao. Ah! You're perrrfecttt. ;') I love pauly d, but has no comparison. :') <333
Speaking of bossypants!
Every time I drive back to Fayetteville I love Arkansas more and more. Glad to be back NWA.
My only trending topic is the cash.
why ms.delapi. why must we read a book about politics from the renaissance why. and then have a test the next day.
not sure as Quincy isnt in my market. I'm sure it's great tho :)
happy easter !<3
yes he is!
No i didnt i say bluu waffle separate
How about hitting the Fuji today and taking a bottle of our famous salad dressing home with you?
CAREER CHANGING MEETING!!!!!!!
you're crazy!
Yooooo party with the ladies
Dear Shannon, All I want for Christmas is..for you to interview Tebow before Thurs.
the surprise is gonna be awesome!! #Excited #whoo 😜😊
Hey don't you worry none, is safe warm and dry.
look forward to hearing you at the bronco qb club tonight!
Genesis Global Media provides funding for Kingdom minded films, Valerie Vance is head of film and tv projects. Contact me for details.
Mpls Police say they have leads and are looking for suspects in the over night murder of a cabbie on the north side.
My respect for you just grew. Throwing an "Oh Mercy" reference. It takes a true Dylan fan to know about "Oh Mercy".
Ain't no one at. Project x. Damn
u guys want to get together for the NFL draft tomorrow. Bills pick #10. Cud get food or drink or something.
Watched The Rum Diary better than I excepted.
Every day I'm hustlin...
Oh golly. Two against one.
Working 4am to 3pm for the next 3 weeks. Lord help me.
Want to know what would be AWESOME? If noticed or followed me. Seems how I'll PROBABLY not ever meet him in person. Oh well :/
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 39
I was looking for a sign... This is the one I needed! Thank you!!
dontchu have computers..?
right back at ya girl!
it was a beautiful day out there. Let's keep it going. Glare can be strong off of rocks so bring your sunscreen tomorrow.
this is definitely gonna be the livest summer ever! interning, traveling, and my girls!! i need nothing else!!
and featured in this Wednesday 9pm EDT "Cracking the Your Genetic Code"
I played a few of your songs for my mom and she said "they sound nice even though they're a little loud" success \m/
where the large parking lot is now. Grandpa started off as a delivery guy and married the bosses daughter.
Special Follow Friday thanks to
We are looking for photographers to interview this fall that use DARKROOM. If you would like the press, reach out!
Time to make some changes....otherwise, how will anything be different?
“The look of love was in her eyes … as she gazed longingly at the Ralph Lauren Handbag”. ~ Funny Facts Finder ~Hope you having great Sunday!
Tonight: NYC's only "Unsigned Artist Development Program". Get educated on today's music biz, perform, & network! Club Pyramid NYC, 9pm, $15
Applied to Google, signed up for Pinterest & finished presentation for "Social Media Marketing Designed for Youth Outreach" for tomorrow.
If you are going to respond defending conservatism, we can start talking about how it sucks.
Tomorrow is christmas.
Woke up feeling like a zombie. Blah..
hey Greer Have a great weekend
are you okay?
Rainy day #happylist : daylight after work, sleeping with the windows open & coffee.
The sad truth of a Kosher background.
Happy Mother's Day to you Betina! You and are raising some amazing little people!
we where the best partners lol!
Study: Hispanics With Diabetes Urged to Get Yearly Foot Care. Hispanics are 66% more likely than whites to have
wtf is taking my mother so long ..
It will probably be Kentucky.
RIP Earl Scruggs
Interesting to find you had misremembered a story. I'd forgotten Owen's reaction at the close of "Artist of the Beautiful."
*Virtual Hug* Love you Mere! <3
Connect with your favorite author on Redroom.com
Really enjoyed attending Creative Good: Breaking into the World of Nonprofit!
Goal! USA 0, Mexico 1. Mexico right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Guardado with a cross.
I have no idea why it took me a week in Australia before I got a sausage roll for brkfst, but do know that the problem was rectified at last
damn #gamecocks, did we pick up that o-lineman # 50 on way 2 game? he is awful& got blew up all night...cost us big..effin #uga tied now.FML
how does tweets?? Ive always asked myself hw he does dat
Happy New Year!!!!
In latest Wisconsin Baseball Coaches Association poll, Fennimore is ranked first and Mineral Point is sixth in Division 3 poll.
why does my game need to be so far away
Welcome India! Lots of librarians from India are joining HelpaLibrarian today.
'm dizzy, but at the same time strongly recommend you.
Animals = Barry Lyndon, and Wish You Were Here = The Shining.
Looking fwd to celebrating pals who are running on Saturday in #Louisville. 20 ppl who all want steak & red velvet.Get ready!
Working on the website. Gonna have a new front page with more info of whats going on in about 30 min. ill let you know when its done! :)
Early morning gym session. Who am I?
nice work lady!
“: <--- Truth. I'd actually say Obama probably has MORE Christian votes.”
retweets Another guest post about your latest project?
“ i'd be lying if i said i wasn't down for you .”
Good mornig tweets, lets get at this money today, I can smell it in the air, that so many of us will be getting paid today!!
that has happened to me before. but it was my ex number. lol
good to know! thank you both!
Good morning tweeps! Looks like it's shaping up to be another beautiful day in the ATL
Smart move. RT : Admitting her dream of permanent #museum won't come to pass, Debbie Reynolds selling her movie treasures
congrats and i hoe ur guys day is goin really well ;)
I hope folks understand that the Austin suicide bomber doesn't speak for all white male professionals. We're not all terrorists.
RT : I hope daddy didnt hear me rip one while I was scratching myself. That's what happens when you feed me junk food!
one for the pages
M1kenobi is on Xbox live playing Crackdown 2 Teamdeath Match
Heyy are you going out with a girl named Vincenza??? :D <33
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Can I get retweet or follow back from my favorite player of all time? Your a Piston for Life.
haha You've had a long day. You should be sleeping. Did you have fun? :)
One more night of work and I get a night off. Walking Dead on tonight. Looking forward to it.
Just hadd get that out..
RT : Dear Kim, Angry Birds Space is not a rocket guidance system.
Happy National Oatmeal Cookie Day!
yes ma'am sure did. Thank ya :)
#ff Great supporters of NYC, the Mets & lots of other things that matter:
"I'm gonna agree that it was a bad idea" Hahah I love
so where is the snow that barred cheerleading from competing today...?
not if it's done the right way
- my anniversary from going into remission - How awesome is that....thanks for sharing.
ENG IV: Took our quiz on Rose for Emily and Battle Royal today. We will move onto poetry on Monday! Retreatants we are thinking of you!
Welcome everyone. We'll be throwing out some topics for discussion. Please feel free to chime in and ask questions.
“: Cute redesign ! From green to blue - bold.” Thanks, Catherine! There are some new features, as well. Explore!
we're glad that you had a great time in Flora & Muse in CITYCENTRE last night! Thanks for spending your Saturday night with us!
Listening to kentucky basketball on the radio is really boring when we're up by 19
Vanessa Danek is an amazing poet! RT : I want to go home and write all my thoughts down #tedxYouth go vanessa!
He so slow like my grandmama !!! Old and not good!!!
It's hard falling for someone , you know you like him, but he doesn't know.
lmao thanks I am trying.
. Lookin forward to meet y'all.
Weird. Yes, I received it at 1:28pm...
Just paid $3.03 for 25 oz of water.
On my way to New Orleans!!! Let's Go Saints!!!
"It is better to look ahead & prepare than to look back & regret." Jackie Joyner-Kersee
new gear, new sounds, new show dates . . .
Ya'll should check out and help trend #DylanHolland (:
Called United on the 1k phone number. "your hold time will be 45 minutes". Bwahahaha!
it was pretty close to the middle when I looked earlier, today definitely isn't helping.
o sext me it later by:D
love the beat! U sent few changes and it's dope
because I ain't trying to go with a girl I don't think is cute and I just don't wanna spend money on a girl idk.
Hey #CardNation , #bigeastchampionship game on right now.
After talking about it we realized it would work better for us in ID Falls. 111 days until we pack the truck & 113 days until we arrive.
Yo just had great chat w/ And and us have to meet up. All of us, chef geoffs tues?
"People say there's something wrong with being a self-proclaimed expert," says "I don't think so at all."
Staying @ Topaz Hotel? Get up for a run w/ Marathon Mark every Wednesday @ 7am for an early morning view of
Cool - will be out in lobby soon. :-)
In my imagination John Boehner and Tanning Mom are a couple & they tan together but she leaves him because he's too emotional.
9⃣ days of school left!
Avengers is still trending on Twitter. Fuck yeah.
"Neko Case's Floss For Men". #greatestconcertmerchever?
Excite - Games
Tonight seduction Saturday! I'm ready to party. Are you?
I feel like I'm not getting my point across the discussions & into to head sometimes !
oh oh it's a disco call
Stephen J. Gould talked about the notion of the "hot hand" in basketball at my Yale graduation. His verdict: no such thing.
Howard blows Squad Six a kiss and Big Baby waves, last time they got a response from the Magic Jason Richardson had 9 threes.
Today is the Spring Equinox, when the length of day and night are equal.
ReTweet from Tweetcaster : I don't like to think myself as 'Special' I like to think myself as limited edition
Huge thanks to our friends at Queen City Drums for providing drum backline at the festival. Thanks Tim!
Holler at good times!
Oh yeah, once he realized Siri would answer in Robot, it was game on. She didn't know Mario & Luigi though, big upset.
sum butt as home fires eggs n bacon didnt taste good either took like 3 bites lol
U could be anywhere in The world but your here with me
take a pic!
thank you!! <3
Soccer is a sport. Running is a means of transportation.
hey how are you doing today got to say you look sexy tami
Well I'd be lying if I said I could paint.
I watch pom...you misread that didn't you? LMAO
Morning coffee with a twist of hot chocolate and French vanilla.
Actually, Mickey Rourke is here too, which complicates whole situation.
This PA resident, when this presidential incumbent fails to take the state, will be sure to twoat you. That is a tweet gloat.
B'ldy Cow! Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research? Union Square
House hunters international is good!
Burnin' up burnin' up show em whatcha got, you got it baby let it show, my heart <3
You unfollow someone on twitter to please ya girlfriend but you still texting her phone explaining why you unfollowed her.
Somehow I've gotten to the point where I can sit down and just write a page in half an hour. Not the best, but adequate. I'll take it.
Hugs for Royals fans
Way to change your avatar to a picture of your FACE! Also, I just voted for you in that contest thing. Good luck!
wow awsome u r going to france so lucky u deserve it hope u have a good flight 1000000% BELIVER
Deals this week @ Comfort Inn Vancouver WA Try our 2 room Jacuzzi suite w flat screen TV's, pillow top beds. Book @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Empty suit talking
Panhandling for ice coffee in the Conde Nast cafeteria.
Sushi and beer. I'm full and buzzed halfkahdksndk. I love my lady
Nobody needs nobody?
S.W.A.G Something We All Got ;D
RT : back in those days we called it the Nicolette Pose ;)
If it makes you feel better, our windows don't open either AND they're covered in film to make them shatter out not in.
Anyone have an Airport Runway print on a good looking wall? Post a pic and I will compile them on nomodesign.com
The two upcoming screenings of The Turin Horse are the only ones planned? I can't make it this weekend :(
3) The general actions of the Chinese govt are those of all govts (the will to control minds of their ppl, and to expand)
#BOSS LA FAMILIA#GREENLIGHT#CHICAGO LETS GET IT
sikeee, don't flatter yourself #ctfu .
laaaawl that is nothing, I have literally spent 8 hours doing AP homework before
Love Pizza - No figs, but have been to Toscano.
what did you call me!? Lol
for real lol.
We killin it on the morrow
she's not kidding
Congratulations u8 Cardiff Gold boys on your first win as a team today against Towson 2-1. Guess I'll be bald tomorrow.
finally finished consolidating my song list for my set, looking forward to practicing with tomorrow!
My sisters babysitter takes forever to open the fucking door!!! My patience is running so low today.
I keep waiting for the rain to come. But it's not cloudy, just getting dark.
i graduated from vegas high n u?
Ha! Yes, don't we all? I prefer NYC, LA, Austin, Seattle...but Chicago is nice in and of itself. ;) Sounds like you relocated?
Thank you for the follow! We did #followback!! :)
I just discovered it today and figured others might enjoy it too. Happy I was right :)
Show me a god time. ☺
Making easter bread with grandma
"The reed is the sound"... Eddie "lockjaw " Davis
We can't wait to see pics of #BackstageArtistLounge tattoos at #Buzzfest28 this weekend!
How do I add a url to my tweet? does that count in the character count?
Man, I thought for a minute you were trashing the other Thor movie. I was about to reconsider our friendship.
Agreed. Kraken time!
Wake Wood (2011): An Irish Pet Semetary. Creepy, emotional tone, but little girl: not scary. Ending: murky. 2.89:5 (Hammer Films Returns!)
Whose cruel idea was it to put an "s" in "lisp"
great thank you you?:) and I'm ONE of them!:D please follow me!:)<3
Sometimes you have to take the bitter with the sweet, but know that after a while you'll forget the bitter and only remember the sweet...
Your grammar in that tweet makes me sad
hahaha I love how it tells yu
Will there be mixed-use buildings? For example, buildings with stores at the street level and apartments above?
Turner taken out for Lou was the ball game!!! What is Doug doing????
u having fun at thunderbird #ni11?
she doesnt have one but its joan she also said she dont have one :D
Fav stu quote- Rawr is the most recent word I learned so I can tell - "I luv youu!" Rawrrr!!!! It is also the most useful word I know! :D -
RT/f! Get your family an emergency set-up from FastPreparedness.com as suggested on ready.gov AND BE READY FOR ANY disaster, large or small!
turn the air off
thanks for the compliments Ben!
sure. just send me the details! :-)
Cleaning my home at this hour I'm so tired ah jamming to
A bunch of places, if you have any leads, I'd love to hear them. I'm going with Aldi, Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc. -JO
This is the summer of the grind!
i really need right now
Exercise workout gym biceps cardio Abs house mortgage rent cars money.... Lol
#YouTube turns 7 today!
First must read MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE, the new Aimee Leduc! Yay!
specifically in the nba. You don't hear as much from boras or his clients...megadeals come from nowhere w/ him
thanks for the follow. Happy to connect!
All the neat thigns that you are doing for your child concerning the iPad.
hey just wondering people at #ComicCon can PLEASE PLEASE get me a pin of #mokingjay THANKS
lmao there's always that and good luck to you too!
Apparently I made a :( when asked 2 go thru body scanner @ airport security, so the #TSA agent let me go thru the regular one.
Somebody call/text me!
Shoppin w/ my girl , aint got no $ to spend but somehow I keep spendin it!!
I'm really confused right now.
It's such a good episode. Such a good show. I'm almost on break to watch it too. :D
Tune in tonight 5PM EST live interview on Houston, TX w/Jeff Kelly
Sad I missed the keynote. Sounds like it was pretty amazing this year. What with the marshmallows.
my legs are sore from saturday. Come give me a massage?
Sauna in my sweater = definitely dressed too warmly today
I wish I could read in my sleep.
I'm feeling pretty this morning
BUT, mine is correct. Haha.
please follow me?
sigh. wait (and vote for him) i will.
Is it just me, or is almost any fruit juice better with ginger ale?
just making some stops with my sis. Christmas in April? ;)
Yay!!! When they invent smtg darker, I'll wear it.
Go Check Out Feat & - Yea Im Icy Music Video
I need a haircut!.... Now!
I know. Poor Beiber didn't see it coming.
I'm just gonna go shower.
Each hurdle is getting you closer to the finish line
the road says closed...but people still drive down there so they can turn around haha
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
I'm glad Justin bieber Baught his best friend a car for christmas
Damn why the hell are people calling me stuck up!
Good morning Twitter friends!
TONIGHT Hot Days in a Row, No Shit, Fix the Motherfucker $6. RT Hot days in a row like we have had create lots of power flowing.
I HATE HAVING TO GET OUTTA MY BED!!
Watched Terrorvision on Netflix streaming, It had Lovecraftian monsters, survivalists, lizard jerky, punks and swingers. I recommend it.
Does the sparrow app for ios have push notifications?
working on access app w/si.edu-are swipe gestures even possible with voiceover turned on? having lots of trouble...any advice?
Dont' forget to vote in the Hatch Detroit contest...and deadline is tomorrow! See
you and demi are one of my otp's ok
Twitter after dark is crazy
When moms try to act professional around my friends, but, mom, my friends don't care how you sound, as long as theres food, everythings ok
County wide power outages took out our office today, but not our data center. All of your websites are up and running just fine.
headed out to do a little shopping after I take my grandmother some Chicken Soup!
#newspaces4learning Do we celebrate failur? Not in ways that help us to grow., in my opinion.
you don't know who JB is!
Enjoy those 50s' today because it will FEEL GOOD! Thanks for watching us on the !
Superman by will NEVER get old.
Great night celebrating and ! Congrats on the engagement.
Sweet dreams everybody.
All do is talk shit
Thx4 taking enterprise strategy to the next level! Your Social Business #gamification tips are priceless! +10XP
Listening to the daft punk soundtrack for Tron while working on Social Media strategies. Very fitting.
Hey Sara hw have u been?
They were both phenomenal. Overly impressed with both of those guys
I might take
We've secured over 1400 vulnerabilities this month in #oklahomacity with our network security assessments. How secure is your network?
I am using rod vision, my pupils are expanding in Eric Orrs's must-see to believe Zero Mass at Museum if Contemp Art San Diego in La Jolla
We'r in Boston, doing plastic surgery. Soon you'll see some exciting facelifts on HowlRound and and maybe new glasses for staff.
sorry! there was a small hiccup in a few of our servers. it was quickly resolved. Hopefully your HW is still on track!
that makes more sense than what I thought. Are they worth buying a ticket to see?
If my roommates won't come downstairs and reset the modem when it's on the fritz they shouldn't stream video when I'm watching StarCraft.
0439. Time to experience the miracle of aviation once more.
Lately I've been thinking that I neither want (nor can I afford) another MA...but maybe I should get another certificate?
Masters winners select dinner menu 4 next years Champs. Reception dinner. Bubba food and top buttoned polo shirts mandatory.
No picture?! LOL!
No, not at all
I know I tell all my friends who #Pitt fans your season looking good, and reloaded OLine
Seeing someone new and the advice that keeps running thru my head is purely: enjoy it. Every second.
do people really use their computer screen for twitter?
When the soul lies down in that grass the world is too full to talk about.” ― Rumi
Final segment of the show coming up! 888-640-9385 to talk to Troy, or you'll have to wait until Thursday. Call him NOW.
Hello to you :)
I could not be happier to be in Pittsburgh right now with my grandparents and boyfriend :)
Good luck!
