Dedication: CHRISTINE C. MORAN, Love you Oma!
What is the best, quickest way to keep up with the news.
and i have no wake n bake for the morning.. eff you see kay
“: Those tweets were dedicated to YOU !! Every last one”
Not feeling it today... current position is "jack of all services, master of none," and I hate not having all the answers.
currently watching bgc
And you know where u will be!! RIGHT NEXT TO ME SIS!!!“: It's your time and I can't wait to stand in your wedding..”
then u good
If your coming into eat tonight, buy me a corona to celebrate #cincodemayo !
#Vlogging w/ Home Brewed's & eye candy Peter Marr today...which sounds dirty, but just means video blog.
csn but it's not on the guide
It doesn't permanently solve any problems, but it makes thing more acceptable for awhile
Blues guitarist, singer, and pianist Henry “Mule” Townsend was born October 27, 1909, in Shelby, Mississippi.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.- Muhammad Ali
This lady is just talking to me about some bullshit lmao!
Gonna be mom the taxi driver tonight but tomorrow night is mine #cantwait (Bart Scott)
“: Drunk sex or high sex??”. High sex
- yes, but the Giants are just plain coming home. Sad.
Have you ever seen the invisible man? No? Me either.
My dad's fighting Cancer we're huge wrestling fans I was wondering if we could get an autographed picture or something of u
One of these days, I WILL go to Nando's with (:
lmao I swear you won't! But oh my were have you been pall!?
#RVAgptw Snaggers play to their strengths, getting the stuff they're not as good at off their plate, Shawn Boyer CEO
Thanks Brooke!
thank u so much dude. I really appreciate that. Ps: I haven't forgotten...just got distracted...
S\O to all my ff . Showing real love. Thank you for sticking by my side now its my time to shine. Have a great day everyone
Oxygen 4 Energy Business call tonight! Date Wednesday, March 21st Time 9 PM Eastern Time Conference Call #: 712-432-3066 Access Code: 970467
well it's complicated but I'm trying really hard to!
I'm praying for you every day. In the end there will be "great joy" and God will be glorified.
Hellyes! Just booked another VO gig!
What kind of drug test did you get at Target?
I'm liking this Atlanta's team ability to deal with adversity. What do you think?
Strawn is a very engaging speaker
Love that movie.:-)
We have a new server ready - vpn-wn2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Oslo Norway (mywebhost.no).
How can you have a great future if you can't make one day great? All your future is, is an accumulation of todays.
You can't say it to my face cuz you a #coward!!
Thanks! I'm flattered.
fire is my favorite song!
Its here! REVO San Diego is tonight!!!
My baby Prod looked soo cute :)) Well, all of them did :)
Need a laborer to move dirt next week
COME ON MY GARDEN FAITHFUL!!!! MAKE SOME DAM NOISE!!
Let them keep talking! It's nothing but Motivation! Won't stop the Grind and they'll see come playoffs.
“: The magical power of bacon”
Rome wasn't built in a day and neither are relationships.
Getting ready to deliver my sermon which is one of the last requirements for my 2 year Ambassador Bible Training Program..
Are you at #TED? I'm so jealous.
I will lol think he should drop out
ESPN just said " you gon learn today" lmfao
Haha. Touché sir. RT : And right after you tweeted the Cupcake ATM link...
Hope this game finished by 9pm b/c it's #downtownabbey tonight on !
gas isnt cheap doe lol plus theres nowhere to drive to, ive been everywhere around here.
Happy Birthday, Soony Saad. A goal on your #SportingKC debut. Have some meat from
I KNOW! Fucking sucks. Alcatraz was just getting going too.
Thanks for RT! He is a good kid.
Live every week like it's Shark Week
Sunday Salsa Classes at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Int.:15pm; Adv.:30pm!
That "FAIL" moment when you're trying to pull up the covers & you punch yourself in the face. #lol yep, just happened..
Today's agenda: organize the audition for Jess. From scheduling to figuring out what scenes they get to read for us. Fun!
Congrats today! Your deal is kicking butt! Guess MKE loves their pizza...
I can
Have you tried the hero mode on Skyward Sword yet?
Ant wait for ABDC later on!!! #BoyzAreBack :D but sad to know that one of the crews has to go :(
"Whenever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindess."
haha sweet! I will try my best to bring some back from Florida!
Send me a DM with your Roku serial number and I'll get you the update
How about some defense boys?!!
S/O 2 ALL THE STRIPPERS!!! (NEW MUSIC/LIVE FOOTAGE) ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH "remix": via
I like Rory but I'm hoping D.A. Points can pull this one off
celtics/heat game. You?
made breakfast, got dressed, and studied all before the sun came up. Who am I..?
Its kinda hard to tell..
Haha. *I* know. But others might infer that you guys're having a technology-opposed child.
The Peanut Patch offers great hope for those who live in fear of a serious allergic reaction to foods. urlm.in/hufn
Thanks for retweeting. That was really nice :)
"It's a marathon, not a sprint." Thank goodness for that. :)
: info overload=normal case of intellectual life since the 1500s when ppl gained access to more bks than could be read in a lifetime
loved the throw back to James Brown!
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
If last night was any indication of how tonight is going to go, Dallas may not survive us.
It started working again. I signed up and I'll give it a shot tomorrow. Looking foward to it.
#Vinning Love Jersey Shore Glad Is Back!
“It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty
Right when I saw Denver come out like that in the first, I knew it was over. Those mocking how they came out were silly!!!
The Chicago Bulls is hosting Phoenix Suns tonight at the United Center. We are left with some limited game tickets so call now: 888-493-0004
Wide awake and ready for a morning run! Let's go!
Has someone already started compiling all the #newplay season diversity stats happening in various U.S. communities?
!get crazy on aaron.tv video cam shuffle
I think you are probably right about that. I wonder what percentage properly attributes their policies?
wondering if waiting to work on grant proposals until AFTER bourbons with friends was a good idea...
#soupoftheday at the Village is lentil w/parmesan & tomato w/parmesan. all other NYC locations have split pea w/croutons & tomato w/parm
#College professor–someone who talks in other people’s sleep
Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life
LUCKY! Lol RT I'm drinking oneright now:) lol RT : bitch u got feminine ways MIMOSA!
Thanks for the retweet.
The Silk Tie likes Tay! We are tie superstars in training, any advice? thesilktie.com
JV Sells Retail Greenway Commons to Cole Real Estate
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
I'm not calling you slow, but are you sure your grandparents aren't siblings?
no full time positions right now, thanks anyways Cindy!
I am only a couple thousand followers behind Considering that no one knows who I am, that's pretty good lol
RT : Central Catholic at Jesuit: Jesuit wins toss, elects to receive; Central will defend west end to start the game.
you already know(;
sorry, it is not. But we do have more vegan specials coming to comet soon.
happy to hear it! Be sure to come and see
OH: "Everyone has a blog in the Star Wars universe."
NyQuil makes me hallucinate.
I love my BRADFORD BAD BOI
I really should be getting up, but laying in bed nude feels so good.
RT : need to stay musically informed?? follow >>>
Well, do you? If so, do share!
Bless up fam! Follow Back
WOOHOO! one hour til ustream ,IM NOT EXCITED OR ANYTHING(; 1st one i actually get to watch.!
Goodness! Talk about tossing and turning! Take it easy, you!
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
There is a 3 year old at work who thinks her name is Princess Katie Butterfly...
same here Alex! Hope you feel better!
you're like the 10th person on my list that's been hacked...so I knew not to click the link.
About to take a nap and then finish getting the house in order ;)
make mm (:
what happened?!
playing hooky and going to
Wishing it was draft day - can't wait to see who the #Cavs get. Irving, Barnes, Sullinger....Bob Sura?
Yes he does... a 7 pound mountain lion... who pounces on Abby ever chance he gets... he's a trip.
What if a dream was reality? And reality was a dream? Ain't as complicated as it seems
Planning meeting with the Dell team about the future of technology and education.
We are hearing rumors that Houston Nutt is a candidate to be the next head coach at Memphis.
Well, I just found out I won an AP Award. Would've been nice to know about BEFORE the ceremony but WTF
Gargled Listerine into my eye this morning. Sadly this was not an isolated incident.
#ifonlyyouknew how bad I want to kiss you right now
yea, coulda done without the details. Cops wrangled someone, so we're moving again.
HEY MIKE SHOUT OUT SENT U A DM!!!!!!!
Jordan zimmermann dropped the big f bomb in the dug out lol
Good to know! RT : Taste as good as they look!
add #ClassicCiccone to our list of hashtags for Thursday.
I just want to go to 7th and 8th period.
Do it to it Zander!!!!!
#goodmorning, have a great day one and all.
HAWKS MAKE BLOCKBUSTER TRADE: Mo Evans, Bibby, and one of the Crawfords to the Wizards for Kirk Hinrich plus something else.
Andre 3000 or Eminem?
Jukeboxes are ruined by people with bad taste. These girls don't wanna hear your awful songs. Not to mention anyone else who has eardrums
I'm such a rebel
Let help with you #API strategy! Our developer network will bring about innovation so you can focus on internal biz gls!
I drunk dialed Netflix. I feel like shit now.
im bored
Thanks so much. So glad someone reads them!!
I'm going to class
at buttons ft worth tonight. Come out and have a drink and a good time.
Great day at the #Pasadena Showhouse! Even in the rain....it was beautiful!!
Thank you!!
That kind of passion is so powerful! Thank you for sharing - will definitely read!
oohh! that's a good one. Especially when people say it instead of typing it!
Thanks Steve!
#WeirdFactAboutMe I honestly eat cheese all the time! Shredded or straight off the block hahahaha
THANK YOU THANK YOU!
Waiting on my girl to come home I'm finna beat her pussy up up up up up up up... GOODNIGHT WORLD
Roll one. Smoke one.
“ In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected for good luck” I'm not alone
Ever see someone who looks like a meat head? They just have that persona about them
May all your ups and downs come only in the bedroom.
That's the second suggestion for that place! I think we have a winner :)
chillin my boy u
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time. ~ Thomas Merton
Went to sleep early last nite and missed all my shows smh
drinks soon?
My life be likee u a u
This dog is AWESOME!!!!
not a problem! Glad you liked the ideas.
Would you date a fan?
Every time I here this song I want you make me think of him
Does Pintsize ever dream?
the ways in which literature contributes materially to society by producing and reproducing agency and engendering social change.
Back in Chicago, time to start thinking about ALA Annual in New Orleans!
My grandma asked me what i'm doing tonight. I said nothing. So she said for me to get a life -___- she's so sweet.
thanks!! you too!!
watching MLB network and they put a lot of stock in players stats against certain teams, does this matter?
If I find the link I totes will snag you a pair! :D
ya never know. I like his angles
I've got 3 $15 Gift Cards to give away! Visit our Facebook page and click "Like" for more information! #Lexington, #Sweet16, #LexKy,
Its so amazing all the wonderful and talented people I have met because of this little magazine....I feel blessed. :)
At the Prudential Ctr watching the #NJDevils ice Washington
someday a use will come for your domain. I need to get one just in case I ever feel like starting a site.
sure, drop me an email at pjudge at barracuda dot com
wow thanks
yea thanks
nope, totally normal. Any toilet paper related rage is 100% acceptable.
Concourse B just got shut down at #BWI....any answers? Hubby said they just evacuated everyone!
when's the last time we hung out!??
I hate the effing airport. All I ever have time to do in an hour long connection is run to my flight and get super sweaty.
That's awesome!
I just woke up from a nap, rolled over and was sleeping next to a baguette. WTF.
Just slept for 14 hours, haha. I definitely needed that, and I don't feel sick any more. :)
OH SNAP BAD EDITING IS BAD. Thanks for the catch though
not any more
Hm. My tweet this morning didn't make it to my status on FB. Testing 1 2 3
"guys lets pretend we live in a house on Stratford"
Yeah. Key thing: backup your phone's contacts and data! Their too easy to lose.
let's talk about BLACK legislators across the country targeting Blk boys! Sagging pants laws are Unforgivable!
Thanks for the support for tonight's show!
The world belongs to the energetic.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened.s
Dead tired plus doing a double today ... GG
I should call it a night, but fuck it I can't resist.
Hah! Design comedy! (and touché, nicely played.)
Who wants to buy the digital download of American All Star almost two weeks before the cd is available? Hehe, cuz I know how you can! ;-)
It was so sad today when my class and i were picking a graduation song :( i'm going to miss them so much!
Taking in a little scenery at Fashion Valley. For no good reason. Wallet: stay in purse!!
“: wow! Thankyou! Can't wait for the concert” <<<We're stoked!
Chuck Norris produces enough testosterone to power the entire state of New York four times over.
Um, just asked me where the SF Giants play. DUH SAN FRANCISCO!!!!!!!!!!
im am a little bit too. indy is riding high from game 2 and made that comeback and keeping this lead
#aintnothinglike the Holidays every year.
Why did I get crushed by & on #Power Alley today cause put her head in front of a foul ball?
shut up lol.. I have Four Square and when i check into a place it puts it Via Facebook and Twitter
lol.. I aint got live yet cuz my internet off...
Words are Powerful.. If you don't mean what u say you shouldn't speak..
hola! Are you coming to the EdLab party on Tuesday night? We'd really like to see you!
funds money to fight against equality marriage & GLBT rights.
Happy Birthday! Own that shit.
Good ones! Thanks!
I mean such characters!!!
Cayenne pepper supplements are nothin' to play with! Eat a full meal with this supplement
Thank you for your work in pet hospice--so needed...think I've told you we have a hospice partner in Pueblo, but hoping for more!
done. also corrected username. thingsifind out now will be compiled here: www.delicious.com/happywinter
I don't know half of these fuckers on this Award show. Who the fuck are they.
&i thought my parents were scared to leave me alone -HOME AlONE
Perfunctory analysis: Queen likes G minor, a lot.
While I dislike VY, obviously if he plays, I hope he plays great. Just not a fan. Afraid of "1st progression, covered, run"
Cake day!
Fantastic pod cast with the most adored ! Had a blast listening to you guys. Loved Ralph input too! More please!
One freaking minutes...!!!
Today is #Innotech #Austin , who all brought old cell phones to donate to #advantix has the early lead in most donations
that guy used to come into houses in the Breese Ter area all the time. A buddy once chased him down and tackled him, he was arrstd
- Excited to hear more about DEMO Africa in October~!
whenever I can get the room!
My love my heart is breathing for this
I just hit my twitter follow limit of 2000.
I'm at the University of Maryland Human Computer Interaction Lab for on twitter backchannels at scientific conferences
Steve Jobs got the blue screen?!?!?!
#lessambitiousbooks Who the Bell Tolls For
Enjoy the sunshine!
It is by his deeds that a lad distinguishes himself if his conduct is pure and right. - Proverbs 20:11
About Uniqueness of Anti Glare Screen Covers...www.droidax.com/anti-glare-screens.php
u going to game tomorrow?
#AustinTo700K :D x <-- Last tweet before I go charge my phone. Mahomies, we can do this. KEEP TWEETING. <3 -much love-
RT if u thnk taylor swift is the bestiest in tha world
GOP Votes Yes to Contraception for Wild Horses, No for Women www.rhrealitycheck.org
that's so true, like omg, lmao! (: <3
This guy was just walking through the city parking lot going "FUCKING Hartford."
This party is dead. My dear, I cannot make it come alive and I have no one to stay here for....
She died on my birthday.. 
It’s better to enrich than to be rich – InSpotter mobile app
RT "The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page."
agree & rec. my exp is from Fall and Spring just exp not that many undergrads new about. Graduates diff story. my experience.
i could really use a smile right now.
oh no! :( maybe we will see you next saturday at ?
Thanks for including me in your Paper.li today - nice to be among such great media minds!
Definitely getting sick :( at least I remembered socks today!
Thanks Malc! Glad you like it!
you are so awesome
The Possibilities are Endless! Start working on your Possibilities today!
RT : Gonna need a lot of PLAYOFF TEAGUE here , Atlanta. Which means you're going to give us Iso Joe.
Pirates get bases loaded, with no outs in the 6th...and don't score. Top of 7: Still 1-0 Houston.
What are your feelings on the Oxford Comma?
Thanks Debra! Much appreciated
I promise, I'll be spreading the word 'bout you guys... and NewYork is waiting... <3
lets go #Yanks!
"I hope my girlfriends pick a good restaurant b4 the show this time. They have diabetes & heart problems & it's like they don't even care"
a little dog is snoring in my ear
#SuperTuesday next week! interesting #news tonight about & !
Sounds awfully familiar, doesn't it? sigh.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Blake Griffin...just do that
Such a big bed.../: No one to share it with... *hug pillows*/:
Have questions for or on the #MomKlout webinar? Chat them to us in the webinar chat feature.
Want to hear the joke about the vacuum? Nevermind...It sucks.
cool, I haven't seen The Vow yet. I was on my way to satisfy a Cheetos craving ;-)
it's only been 4months lol
Amazing night in Montreal last night...sold out corona theatre w/ 800 people!! Also epic post show DJ party thanks to
You Can't Guard Kobe...
This time. Ima really hurt no threats
Why didn't we have powder puff this year? Ask Corradini
I'm hungry!!!
hope you have a great time. Drive safe.
TOO Funny about Unsung...
Just realized its my last night as a teenager...
Tito Carrillo quintet record release at the Green Mill!
oy! yes! noticing the perfect devil is the first step to recovery - yet not focusing on her
Mann we suck
Thanks for the follow! So many of you are our valued guests, great to connect via twitter and find out what you're all up to!
ITS ON!RACHEL & KRISTIN TB&B 2010 EXTRAVAGANZA!WANNA COME!?ONLY COOL PEOPLE NEED APPLY! LOL
Just saw someone's pic and now.....I am wanting some #wafflehouse. But u can only eat WH at night....that's just the rule! Lol
GRAND OPENING!!! All poker products and accessories up to 75%. come see our store. www.eproducts4less.biz
more importantly, what's up with #rum ham ?
It's definitely better lol. RT : I never fucked with direct deposit but they say it's better then a live check.
if that's your thing, then remember that I also accept
#swag is for boys #class is for men
I don't love you. I loved the person I thought you were.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them more.
iA Writer is definitely my preferred way to take plain old typed notes on iPad. Tested satisfactorily all day at #edcampphilly (farewell)
Anybody that has written me about certain family members having major mental problems you are so correct.Gifted and still cant figure it out
lmao I forgot which movie I got that from, and shut up no your not. So...make any new beats?
Finance, PBS at loggerheads over estimate for GDP growth
Special thanks to our guests on The Shakedown tonight! Cold Steel Tested, Philo Beddoe & Anonymous Willpower! rochesterbuzz.com.
Just saw a guy driving a hog... In crocs
Lucky girl! We love that book. And chocolate bunnies!
I Don't care about anyone
lmfao that's to much
Oracle and the End of Programming As We Know It - Dr. Dobb's
If you really want something, go and get it. It will rarely arrive on its own.
Hi Boo!
Well I slept for eight hours now and i don't know what I'm going to do all night.
No klout, I am NOT influential about cats. Stop it. I'm not a spinster!
Careful, gents. This could get out of hand! :)
nothing wrong with a suite
Student trip to DC: “: Made Mr. Smith reference number one: "LOOK, LOOK ... The Capitol Dome!" #vvmsgov”
I had the magic #Sombreros but I couldn't 'click' it! HELOOO
yep! Work on the new album has officially begun!!
good seats!
LOL that's funny, just for that, Imma go cough and sneeze all over vero next time I see her. And the rest will be history :P
Hey everybody love talking to you but i Like my good friends have Final exams love you all ttyl
Q5 School outreach before the summer starts. Lots and lots. Once the summer starts, all is lost. Q5
Am I the only one who thinks should produce #smash in real life? The "book" is amazing!!
#ThingsUglyPeopleShouldntHave a cocky attitude.. get real.
can't wait to visit!
happy birthday :)
Of course not! He's the King! #MakeMoneyMoneyMoney #RigSoHard RT : I guarantee LeBron wouldn't have gotten a 1gm Suspension
To Miss Mackay it is a putting in of something that is not there, and that is not what I call education
companys need to send email notice when they auto$, especially on annual fees. 10 bs mails a month trying to sell to me, but no note for $.
Give thanks with a grateful heart!
ha! I love it. Sore??
To the Union!!! RT : Maybe you should take a nap.
I haven't done pandora in so long!
my sons sings "crazy the Lord" instead of "praise ye the lord" lol. Cute kids.
going to help my little sister get ready for prom!!!
talking about cleaning up data with Google Refine
Just maxed bench press @ 205lbs.....HELL FUCKIN YEAH!!!! I'm comin BACK :)
exactly! That would be a cool half billion cash option!
Got the tire off, wow it was cold out. Have to get it fixed
ThMorUKno: cprevtwts “Pythagoreans&Philo said all reality is ordered & expresses itself n patterns of 7” So, 7 days, Sabbath=cosmic order.
yes, but what if I had an *extra* eight hours a day?! ;) It would be amazing! Bwahaha How can I make this happen? lol
happy birthday..
oh word that's crazy I never got it
The Jersey Boys cast is here tonight!
im at the library im moving tomorrow
I know how bout #Bron against the #NETS #POW RT he hoopin
RT : Excited to be attending the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame banquet tonight. Next year we need to be inducting some...
When choosing a LASIK surgeon, make sure they are thoroughly trained in the techniques and science behind laser surgery!
Do they use eels? RT : What do you guys think? RT : Is it possible for a shark to floss its teeth?
Still cleaning decomposed granite out of my clothes, thanks to
Edward Cullen,i love you!!!
In Finlayson, Minnesota at Waldheim resort. www.waldheimresort.com
A7: There is need for grad courses in #SPED w/ focus on data collection. Teach teachers: how/why data is important
I hit her up, I say what up? She says the sky. I say whats good? She say McDonalds apple pie
I'd luv 2 hear it
Follow Back La Trese
WOWIE! Congrats to on their seed funding w/ Harmonix founders. Go Boston start-ups!
Happy Tuesday!! Have you been keeping up with everything going on about Healthcare Reform??
your Mixtape hot!
#oomf is almost like pleading the fifth..
RR : : I have the best mom ^.^ she sends me texts saying she loves me <3”
"people are stupid, especially teachers." lol, charley they've taught you everything you know, so.
Congrats - you're the winner of giveaway! Please DM me for details!
Collectors probably know how 2 buy them thru broker for an additional fee? Watch for TV commercials. Kids luv dinosaurs.
Get up get up get outta my head, and fall into my arms instead
I'm not the 1st to say it but it's so true that I must reiterate its importance: the best part of cooking is the wine. (Drinking it, duh.)
eh, I'm restless and it was the first thing that popped on Netflix. I gotta pee. Don't wanna leave my room. Fearful of zombies.
yes and we dont even need to freaking study, oh lord :')
Thank goodness!
WH sanctions target tech use in human rights abuses overseas - Politico
hey hey..the burgerman is in trouble as usual...bobbing and weaving..:) How are things with you?
hahahahahahahaha I love it
Whoever posted about finding there are anchovies in Ceasar dressing, I hate you. Tried to eat it & that's all I could taste/think about!
you're right. I was actually trying to add your wife!
Morning!! :o Today you should have a Pear.
of course I am
We draw strength from each other
We're following all your boards now. Your Pinterest looks great.
Hope you're all having a wonderful Friday! Let us know if we can help with your ship-to-school needs
You're welcome! :D <3
no more NYC VIP tickets left. let me go die in a hole please.
Woo! I can't wait for that day to come! ::gets excited:: XD
Die Maintenance Technician needed in Central Ohio - long-term contract opportunity. email resumes to
Patio = Open and partially blocked from the wind. Come enjoy the nice weather!
“: SINGLE MOTHERS SMOKED WEED ALL DAY AND KEPT SAYING "FUCK THIS DAY, WHERE MY MAN AT?"” lmao!!!!
thank you so very much!!! It feels so weird!
How funny would it be if I just started live tweeting APO elections #answer:
WE LOVE YOU!
I worked on 2 Academy Award nominated films. #W.E #margincall Go
I know, but he still expects more from me "that way"..and he gets a lil upset when i dnt wanna. and yep :/
you are rocking so hard! Thrilled to hear the good news. Congrats!
Im watchin Soulplane hah this movie never gets old !!!
Madison I just wanna let you know tthat since I will never meet you I love You <3 plzz reply if you saw this
Give me strawberry-rhubarb pie or give me waterboarding torture!
Where are your favorite lunch places in Downtown Miami? Which deliver?
Our well-equipped weight room has everything you need for cardio training and weight-lifting
Still trying to figure out how to hold it. Will get there next.
My favorite time if year! Let the worship (and the games) begin!! Ready to win again!
wooop !! can't wait to meet so many turtles!
What ur not playing w/the lil toy tables and stuff at the dentist waiting room? Lol
Not sure I've ever been so depressed by an Arsenal loss as this one. And I live in Texas, so the scenery isn't any help.
Thanks for coming to philly, much love dude !
About to give a presentation about condors and lead poisoning at
If you ready for the Mixtape to Drop make some noise!!!!
The titanic was thought unsinkable...the same thinking applies to the capitalist financial system...the Greek elections are dead ahead...
About to finish "Grave Mercy" by Robin LaFevers. Look for it next month!
Every time I see an ugly guy I say "Diablo que Papi !" then they get all gassed &amp; shit , Lmfaaoo
My tummy is all kinds out upset with me ; time to cook
Follow me help me reach 45 n I'll follow back
whatever dog/boyfriend joke here@
everything was making sense, and now it doesn't.
The Lord of the Rings: Fifty Shades of Gandalf the Grey
So disappointed. Thought we'd learned. Silly me.
considering his history punishment could be about right. I've heard some say it should have been tougher.
It took us 10 years to get to the moon and that was easier! Be urgent but not rushed. We MUST get this one right.
Same. I was on 5 so I guess it was time. I swung Maschine while I was at it, not totally in love yet though.
Thanks K! We're fostering right now to try it out. She's a fan of Opera music apparently..
she's got the night off. She'll be here mañana. See you soon!
So much drama.. :(
good luck today!!! You're gonna need that shoulder to cheer on the #Bulls this year!!
Drake in Planet of the Apes: we threw some doo doo, yeah we threw some doo doo. Humans came over, yeah we threw some doo doo
Why are some people argumentative, just for the sake of being that way? You don't always have to disagree with me! You know who you are!
is super legit! i highly recommend them!
Following Back :)
thinks shes dating zac efron lol that's funny she needs a therapy session or 7
Playing with for #dataviz. There's a lot to love, and it's all
I like the stealy(ish) part, very mysterious
great game tonight keep it going my man
what gov't org paid for most of that care?? Welfare?
Thank you -- and thanks for the lovely comment! #2 may be something I need to plaster on my wall & remind myself often.
I'm not striking because I love my job. Sorry everyone.
so glad all my boys are doing well!
This seattle storm is going to kick our asses.
Insanity workout this morning...feel great now! During... not so much!! LOL! The warmup had me hurtin!!
As usual, Vokab Kompany has done good things to Reno's ears (& booties).
RT Happy i stayed in tonight
2 CHAINZ!! RT : 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Its snowin like cray cray outside & its cold a boul of soup for dinner would be nice :)
you should knock on his door once and then leave before he can answer. Not really.
y'all should record a christmas cd. your music i'm proud to say, is among the few musicians whose work i actually purchase.
after 16 years, my novel is finished... going into copy editing via W W Norton
Was so excited 2 spend my birthday on the happy hour cruise, but doesn't start 'til May. Other suggestions? Boat preferred. :)
Anyone know a good article detailing the process for getting #coffee beans from the plant ready for roasting?
Finally calling it a night... Whew! Today was intense but we completed a lot. Goodnight Beauties!
Hey if you haven't checked us out yet please do,we are BlueMonster Apparel and launching our Apparel line on 11.01.10,Follow:
heyy, do u think u cud take me to ccd?
People that call themselves celebrities probably aren't.
Gotta get out of this slump. Not good.
Just made an unplanned touchdown in Las Vegas to refuel.
I hate you.
Guy in car in front of me in east Mesa has a bumper sticker that says "I <3 BEAVER." Maybe he went to MIT!
‘F_ck Yeah!’ The Evolution of Tumblr’s Big Trend
Great emergencies and crises show us how much greater our vital resources are than we had supposed. ~ William James
That's a good idea - I'll put that on the list. Any others, O King Of the Light Rail?
I think I'm going to start that book in the next couple days. We'll discuss it.
Waking up at 4:30AM and not falling back asleep was not part of today's plan… :(
De La Soul - "The Grind Date"
JK Bill Haas would have just hit 1 in the water and then splashed it out Fedex style as many times as needed to reach the green
The hardest person to judge is the one in the mirror.
thanks babe!
And you'd think it's that bad by how few of our CO people I've gotten to participate so far
Good Morning Twitter! Long day but oh well have a good Monday ;)
Nice 2 have a #religion w/a 1-way ticket 2 salvation requiring no thought process. But if u use ur brain u'll realize fairy tales r'nt real.
haha thanks, I guess that was a compliment, haha :D
haha aww thanks nick!! Same to you haha💆💇💅you have to pamper yourself when it comes to makeup
Get 15% off food & 10% off Rock Shop when you ride #TerrorTrolley Fri & Sat in Oct
Passing Blacksburg VA & remembering it as the first 'most wired town' thru public/private partnership
I have no idea how this burrito has slipped under my radar! Next time I go to SD I'll hit you up for some recommendations.
Tweet us some #UCTour pics if you have any :)
Always a piece for you Jeremy! “: “: Lunch Special - Lasagna special day at Cafe Roma. great lasagna give it a try”
Sorry we've missed each other this past week. You available to talk this weekend?
I like the new found maturity
has been
wishing you the strength, hope, love and luck to "shrug it off"
Who u talkin bout >:/
Hopefully a permanent spot - we'll see. No NYC yet... of course you'll be one of the first to know!
“: sons I'm tryna ball asap..hit ya dudes up from islip !!”well set that up
ya we both did #1 it was easy
Thank You So Much For The Mention ;-)
Looking for Firewire/USB Audio Interface and a MIDI controller. What you got?
I love that the #iPhone turns into a flashlight when the kids drop something in the theater.
Very disappointed that nobody said "you sank my battleship" on the BATTLESHIP trailer.
MAAC got the same amount of bids as the Pac-12
We're losing. Fortunately, Sox are dropping like flies.
have some tri tip for me ;P
You gotta be fucking kidding. Donna Summer and Chuch Brown die in same day?? No one talk to me all day.
I wish I could come... :(
Learn how small businesses can generate leads efficiently by leveraging inbound Internet marketing
im picking jets tomorrow win the game over philly
LOL I just started! :)
I am thoroughly enjoying the Chrome browser. Anyone else?
Aaarrgggh, it is taken. But we do have availabilty for dinner still. Call 434 971 1800 if you would like a res. Niall
Thank you to all of our sponsors, guests and participants who helped make #MamasDay2012 possible! We appreciate you, and we'll see you soon!
My best friend lost her brother last night. RIP Jared Digby. I never got to meet you but your sister told me about how awesome you are.
#IHateItWhen im not sure of what i want </♥
I really appreciate being included in all your #FF lists. Thanks you guys! :D
General Geek Fight Q&A as well as showing off the custom card sleeve prototypes!
#NYTM U live in #NYC U deserve to do it online and for #free Haha. So true. Cute demo by
Go to www.canvaspop.com to see some of the amazing things you can do, then go get 50% off those incredible options on www.crowdclick.com!
I feel you in my bones.
nu uh. Booze and Fried Food are amazing. Glee is sad and the like.
ima be okay cause I already moved on cause other Guy asked me out . :-) but thanks
thanks! I think I need to try again.....
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 13
Right! The US is an island. No one should branch out to other countries... RT Rep. Michele Bachmann Gives Up Swiss Citizenship
havent had a mood like this inna while but ADTR mood <3
Come on, Twitter, it's my day of...
1:00. Great time to twitter aimlessly. More To come during human hours, we promise! #
Watching the game till I 💤
You are definitely one busy man!
There's not much else I can do but fall for you.
Find the lowest fares you can on expedia, then go to priceline & name your own price for $40-$50 less than that! Works for me!
Just finished watching True Grit... Eh, It was ok. Good dialog, but it wasn't as amazing as I had anticipated.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
Thanks for the mention!
Just found the San Genarro festival in Little Italy by mistake.
This mouse dude is killin it on the 1's 2's
After a #49ers Victory
Watching bikes getting delivered on Platte St. Must be a good starting point for people!
Ready for something beyond a snapshot? Call us, we can create something very special
Focus on the truths that provide a clear path to your destiny! Without focus life's issues will always blurr your life!
Now we stepped into cruel world where everyone keeps score
What fun.
Third time's a charm baby
I need a writing cabin, or maybe a flag system. When the flag is up, I am in the writing zone. Do not disturb!
it was cold that night
I think Rick Kranitz said "I know" about a dozen times to Wolf there. One of those nights.
In general: Double standards are not allowed - the same standard governs all.
thank you
Has Ted Thompson tweeted his pick yet?
its bullshit Chris
Want to catch more errors in your writing - read it out loud.
Some things i cannot change But till i try ill never know
Make sure your company is leveraging Internet marketing best practices with our whitepaper
if ur gone this weekend, can you just leave the keys to ur place under the doormat? and I need to sleep.
Learn more about Jean Dean & the 94.1 team
you should take a look at Leonetti bottles - thick and sexy without being too big. (wine! don't take out of context!)
anyone out there vibing on some Big John?
Tables for this weekend at both Static & sister venue are filling up fast! Call or email now before they're gone!
Thanks. Dick Gordon is as easy to talk to as he seems.
did you throw the book?
you should! Although stressful it builds a future that no one can take away from you!
I am so sick of Dwayne Wade's smug bullshit.
Two men looked out of prison bars; one saw mud the other saw stars. - Unknown Poet. Which do you choose to see?? :)
RT : I want some spicy wings and seasoned fries, with ranch.me to
Why aren't the Hawks putting ANY pressure on Rondo?
No problem. I ended up ordering a 13.3" Vaio SA upgraded to the i7. The XPS 15z was too big and didn't like the 14z's feel.
Mad I aint get a chance to see
Remember to be authentic and truthful, even when it is uncomfortable
Thx Thorin, lots of big things developing as we head into June! Hope to see you and your pops in Atlanta!
S/o to the team one time. April 12th Partyboyz LIVE at Endless Music. RT
Scams for tickets are rampant. Please be careful. If a price seems too good to be true, probably is.
Voted! Best of luck!
Does anyone know who created the American Museum of Natural History iPhone app?
Inspired! I wish that I lived in Jacksonville!!! I would be training with you! :)
Few things sweeter in sports than seeing hordes of Yankees fans heading for the exits in the eight inning...
For wiki assns, have small groups develop sections of the site. Group leader directs the edit nature
#LieToMe its not gonna end well for u....
Whose enjoying a glass of Wines That Rock #wine tonight?!
To be or not to be
6 yrs ago I hiked thru rainforest in Palenque w/Broncos fans to watch Pats lose, walk home in high drug trafficking area. Help a gal out Tom
Looked like Rondo just threw someone down on the inbounds. KG grabs a bucket off the turnover.
Glad you're on the follow. Cheer to victory and love!
i see.. let me know its name.il drop in this weekend.
No doubt. I GOTTA retweet Beat Street. It's like a heartbeat.... Beat Street... Seen this flick over two hundred times.
That said, now I'm excited to be sitting in on final dress rehearsal for 's new show tonight! Will report back.
..subject, enjoy!
It was raisins and walnuts. It was delicious!
M....Kindle goodness.
I am so ready for some nature in less than two weeks
APD clarification: Israel Keyes is a SUSPECT, since he's been charged; not a person of interest.
I bet you keep a strait face wen you rite lol or lmao
is about to see bb king & buddy guy in concert.
School sucked but I'm home alone right now.I hate a bitch already but she got 3 strikes or I pull the extensions
can't get no righta
Having a drink before #atlsex with
Spent 2.5 hours in the yard this afternoon. Got some exercise and fresh air. Yard still looks like the before picture, but oh well.
Wasn't able to say it before. But happy birthday !!! love you and don't party too much ;)
finally off work tomorrow. woo hoo!
Depends on the phone. Iph0ne is super easy if it's in the iTun3s store
About to watch, "Think Like A Man."
So much for my day and night.
Great dinner Thanks for making it a
that's what I'm saying! Need my twinn & start summert
I don't even know who that is, just saw the nonsense on twitter.
crazy! Im visiting my family for a week.
re: Guilty Pleasures - noted.
and new song #boyfriend <3 I could be your buzz light year [:
: Dimon: "This trade didn't violate the Volcker Rule, but it violates the Dimon principle."
sorta...what's up?
IKR. Smh...I might need to take a longer vacation soon
Miss America 2012 back in progress
Newcomers brief for the Mongolian Task Force
Be sensitive to their sensitivity
I'll be talking up , and tonight during discussion on art dialogue
no I seen it and thought it was funny even though the only ones I like are busta corey and sometimes wayne
#MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Poker Face
FLOW ME IN THERE TOO! I FOLLOW BACK!
No problem. Play around with it and then let me know how else I can help.
yea 2mar answer the phone its gone be a crazy # tho RT u don't get no phone calls ?
Blake Griffin reminds me of that Edina kid who got an Audi instead of a Lexus.
My life just improved tenfold. It's time!!! RT : Looking forward to opening this Sunday with
Good to hear
Leaders should never react based on what someone tells them about an issue - get supporting documentation of employee claims -ask questions!
It is Baldamar Toledo of Red-card-for-a-shirt-gate, if I remember correctly.
I don't think they are using a piece...
why open source is good
AGon sure took some off balance hacks today!
Me too.was sad when Adam voted for the other one :( but she will have a great career RT :
Just dropped a batch of signed copies of 1812 at Washington Street Books. They need a sign like Krispy Kreme!
too bad its hard to find pot in a dopeless place :/
Ah. NOW I see. Was already following you; moved you to a list that is bookstores and zines and reviews.
oh wow, how weird, i just bought party monster today and was upset that it doesn't go by it's original name anymore.
Good luck to my Puerto Rico representer in his fight tomorrow. LATINO STAND UP MAYNE
Chilling at the house with the pup enjoying an early start to the holiday weekend!
Hi , Plz DM us & provide an email address for an exciting (non-spam) opportunity centered around #Cloud in San Francisco. Thnx!
those bastards nearly hit him 3 times in as many ABs, we gotta do the same when Cedeno bats!
I think most breakfast food is better as dinner (brinner!) or a night time snack.
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I will go back to 8th grade
Best . Movie . Ever .
Worked on a Sean Crouch film this weekend. Have another lined up. So fun.
I don't believe in being put in a box
Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos tells reporters these have been his best two years in Albany
Still can't believe that Anthony Shadid is gone. Rest in peace.
Not only was she sexy, but has AMAZING quotes about life too... she was a smart lady...
Wish I could be there......I think?
gay marriage really should be legalized so we can all shut up about it
do you have any deadlines for application?
I can't believe Demi will be judging the x factor omg. Is this real life or...
Oh your COOL not " -_-
Digital Wallets Beyond the Money | Idea ... - Idea Engineers - Sapient
buy my girlfriends moms car off her to help her out with some financial issues. bleh
not a problem. :)
Shorter santorum: good earmarks save money
First time during spring break I'm not falling asleep with my t.v on
I have a better chance. She rt'd me.
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
good idea! I might have to copy you! 😊
turn that frown....upside down!
#Moderation is better than muscle, self-control better than political power. Proverbs 16:32
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there thank u for all that you ladies do.
how do you wanna handle it? we kill them all.
yeah but that one dunk from smith was
wats good bro
Join DesignMatters in our inaugural event featuring Herman Miller's Creative Director, Steven Frykholm. October 20, 2011
blessing Amy. have a bless day.
Welcome to twitter and congrats on being named to new roster of Dancing With The Stars
RT : Tell us about the first time you got behind the wheel of a manual car. How many times did you stall out? We've all done it!
Tonight we will be celebrating 5 de Mayo. Party starts on the patio at 6pm. DJ Kazte & Revolucionario will be spinning from 6-8pm.
Austin & Mahomies is trending! #proud I love you! follow me? <3
YES I Big up fi di US Roots clic seen?
2 1/2 men still in reruns - when is Charlie coming back
Who's bright idea was it 2 buy 4 bags of candy when our neighborhood population of 10 yrs and under is maybe 2 kids? They could have scored.
Depends on ur perspective of god, I believe "god" is n everything, our body/man is just a form that is used.
: too soon bro
Austin City Limits Lineup is amazing! Why can't Stevie Wonder Headline Lolla?
how are you
shirt jeans combat boots. :p
oh, i love that song! i see no future too.
thanks for tweeting my link. :-)
lol. Since I was 14 son. I've always had a beard. Haha
Interned with the Raiders? Sacrilege....;]
I'm excited to hear what Clinton Kelly's going to say to an auditorium filled with academic librarians!
hahah we gotta chill soon dude!
sucks to want to kno!
sounds perfect to me. Time of our lives
wine is good for the soul And you're a good soul.
Good times with et al soaking in the knowgledge from
he showed me his lil dimples and next thing I know, that's what happened lol
Sup KC have u checked over at TiPB.com for tips?
Always looking for those dresses...
Leo is the best dog ever! I love my baby!!!
are you taking the trip to Japan with the M's to open the season?!
LOL same here! it kinda sucks cause id rather stay and stare at him ;)
Watching the fight with my Panamanian brothers.
Outdoor bird watch
what a mess
Or aren't already set in their limited beliefs about what the library is and can offer them?
if we go now I'll unblock you and be nice again. otherwise fuck yourself
Soo today I left house... Now at mine! School is on Monday :/ then after school I am going to house!!
XML, XSL, CSS, RDF...one last go-round with acronym soup for Document Structures course.
background/context: (I tweeted this on a private acct on Aug 31): "401 unauthorized on gwibber client"
That awkward moment when you say a cuss word and the teacher is standing right behind you.
I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a hundred times.
We love having our authors come in to visit. Today we have !
...need to get the boys together soon....and the girls....
- Hey Amy - Molajo looks very cool.
As did I! Never said a bad word about the city but many good things about buffalo and the fans Plus he fills a need for little$
Till 8 usually. Same with Monday if that works better for you.
My Man! Respect : Checkin out these tracks from Floridas own That Smoke and Ride is Dope and Ima Don too!
What are you favorite footy apps on the iPhone?
hahaha more of a snarky tweet. No actual surprise!
firefox 4 locks up for a few seconds intermittently (2 systems win7x64). Addon installed is adblock plus on one, java console on the other.
Look abroad through Nature's range, Nature's mighty law is change.
K+M's wedding was so beautiful. Can't wait to do it again soon.
this was an excellent podcast, however. Been fans since the beginning. Just catching up on missed episodes
Mason's with the Texans?!?
Hello. I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge blog. I would like to feature you and your company.
welcome to
Give your relationship the gift of caring objectivity by experiencing relationship coaching.
Dunwoody. Accuracy is diff from balance.
nvm ... she texted just in time .
has made my morning! Thanks, sweetie! <3 (:
Well I'm confident I'll win one ncaa pool this year!!!
New Home onwer ? Call a contractor you can trust. Interior /exterior home renovation services. Ca.St Lic# 630616 619-562-5848 Call today !
TAYLOR GANG!!!!
ah ok. Look at umass! All social media savvy lol
mane bro trying you know how we do!
<3 (: gonna lay in bed texting peeps.. <3 (: n uploading pics from mahh' phone(:.. ;)
I'd be very excited to hear Penn on WTF. Just saying.
never! Happy holidays btw!
Good nap, ha no sleep tonight and no school tomorrow!!!
Idk maybe their outside your window?
Quick nap, then going to do some work! This time I WILL wake up when my alarm goes off!! I WILL I TELL YOU!! I WILL!
I heard u lick buttholes...
i dunno about all that twitter is so different then fb
It's more fun to read than write, I promise.
Aww thank YOU for the support! :))
When do you want me to swing over?
some one help me
New Girl >>> every other show. "I'm a cutter" lol
baby I love u
My first Mother's Day as a mother, and it's probably the best thing ever. The day has started off well :) I love my family!
#RT if you had to sing a #WhitneyHouston song at a graduation ceremony
I always laugh at this 'retype your email address' thingie, when filling a form. I use linux, so I just select & click the sucker into place
how goes the juice cleanse? Been thinking of doing it myself.
Taylor Swift's Video Evolution: From 'Tim McGraw' To 'The Story Of Us'
Oh my! That's really scary! Good luck at college next year. (hopefully ;)) hehe. x
who do you like?? :D
Man that muthafukkahhh go hard af! U Gotta Feel Me (H-Town) Throw yo shit up! Where my H town at?
Boutique salon helps women bring out inner strength and confidence
You know what's terrible? Having a sinus infection and a fever when absolutely no one is around to take care of you.
Going to type something but typing 'One Direction' instead by accident because you know...
Feels like a Monday
"Congratulations to our client ____ that just booked blah blah, for yada yada." Uh huh...sure.
Sorry, didn't see this! It was slick, dry and dusty :( Pretty much follow the leader. Very slow.
how about someone who might tweet you back
Fantastic testimony from States Attorney Joe Cassily from Harford and DepASA Todd from Worchester. Real examples of abuse not reported. Thx
It'll never happen. Why improve your own network when you can just create a monopoly!
going back to bed, i am so tired.
#PGA Tour Cmsr. Tim Finchem says Masters too important for tour to take it off schedule, even with an all-male membership at Augusta.
You too!
hahaha. You always make me laugh. Thanks!
I know what I want and I will not settle for anything less.
Today's pizza is...mozzarella, port salut mix, herb spread, and smoked chicken for just $12.00. Get free toasted ravs!
Thanks! again I am blushing
The awards for students majoring in advertising, PR, and corporate comm begin, read by Joyce Wolburg
Thanks for the retweet. Your twitter background is beautiful..!
Pismo BeCh, good to see yo again! Wish I could stay for a second but goy to keep motoring down the highway.
": God promises your payday is on its way. Get up every day expecting God's favor, and you'll see God do amazing things."
WTF IS WRONG WITH ME
Wow! RT There are 8.3 million women-owned businesses generating $1.3 trillion in revenue & employing nearly 7.7 million people
I enjoy a range of music too, but love alternative. Nothing can make me get up and dance faster then Blue Monday!
HAHA OMG AW ! when i was little i tried to make my cats look pretty by dressing them up in my baby clothes :)
Why do we have like 8 random adults welcoming us into school?
Thanks for participating! Have a great week.
Be sure to pray & spread word to every day, every morning, every night, say a prayer for Alex <3
We are hard at work on a number of fronts. The first thing out is our new webpage layout. It's up. No new content, but there'll be SOON.
In life, you're going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used, but you have to decide who's worth your tears and who's not.
hows your day???? -- anisha scott () it was good. I was sleep earlier so now im just not tired. How was ur day love?
Having to switch to this account because is in twitter jail! :(
amazing and scary. my 3yo already navigates youtube+netflix - need to keep in check
yeah i am
I gotta head to my moms crib.... Right fast!!!!
Did Power Circuit Training Abs + Power Circuit Training Upper Body Workout + a mixed treadmill workout for 60.01 minutes...
In other words... In an interesting twist, no monkeys are used in the making of monkey gland sauce
During the championship game ups? Only shipping fedex from now on
LOL I just got one that has the word 'Saturdat' in it. :) Yours is a little funnier though :)
Synchronicity! This is awesome. You know our area well ;-)
I wasn't tweeting for you... :)
It's true! RT : You know how you can tell you have nerdy friends? When everyone's status says "may the 4th be with you" today
the problem is i used to think i was a seven for the longest time and now i am all confused
has opened registration for the L.A. Backstage Tour, February 2-5, 2011. Reserve your spot today for this incredible opportunity 4078760006
This sounds like fun. #bucks and #BucksBango say will be at game tonight. Will Bango dunk over the NFL MVP?
Hell yeah!“: Always excited for Mondays! Here's to another great productive week! #entrepreneur #determination #hardwork”
Breaking News our indie comedy "Life at the Resort" was selected to screen at the New York International Film Festival!
Just wrapped up my headshot session with and her flaming red hair.
Happy effin' Easter, bros. :S
Interesting. Tolerant or not cognizant?
Blasting #SaySomethin. has the BEST voice ever.<3
Thanks to the spirit of Christian freedom, women in our land are favored above the sex in any other nation. (1856)
Hope my doesn't keep me up all night tonight! I need sleep badly! Bad dog!!
never an X always a friend.
Game 2! Let's go #Heat more dominance on the menu
my face is burning. I look like rudolph the freaking red nosed reindeer.
memberships go on sale Saturday! We are waiving the joining fee September 17 - 30! Come by for a tour Sat. 9am-2pm
I don't know those details yet, but I'll find out!
RT : I think that when obama FULLT evolves on the gay issue, he and Joe Biden will get married//hahaha
I do, but more so I can do a better job with the LibGuide for it.
: We are ready for some shots tonight !
would love one. What's your speciality?
#dctf member Marans: We are facing a public health tragedy, an American tragedy. What do we need to do? Bloom: Funding.
okay, true, but cell is quickly becoming a must-have anyway so consolidating payments into it would be handy. Debit card = backup
RT : RT : Is there any reason not to abolish the US Senate?///The US House. //Oh, good point.
Please just do as you say and say what you mean.
Product Review: Kevin Murphy Color.Bug MIRACLE PRODUCT: Kevin Murphy Color.Bug ($24.95) THEY SAY: Switch up your hair color as quick as y
Working on new merch designs!!
wow were nominated for a Grammy? Where have I been? Congrats!
I am so proud of you gaby can't wait to hear your music
I'm sure you look fabulous!! Have a perfect day!!
Obama makes a strong move to the hoop!
Cake-Cake-Cake-Cake. I love that song. Its "Sexual Healing" 2012
Man, some Laker fans are straight up jerks. Check out mentions.
So underrated locally and still cheap to own!
Non BCS teams literally have no chance & voters & cpu's decide who's gonna play for the title. College Football is dumb.
If you haven't seen #1408 with John Cusack, you've missed one hell of a scary movie!!
There can be little doubt that with those blisters, John Isner will not be anything close to a favorite at the French Open (or Wimbledon).
"Hire students" -ok. Will do. Can someone send some good ones to us?
Lol the Beach Boys havent aged a day ;)
Did anyone notice Atlanta was misspelled on the scorer's table?
I'll do it a) if I can get tickets and b) if you send me some VCU gear.
Design fans share ideas on Pinterest
I'm useless to this family
I'm getting geared up for my first evah giveaway! Stay tuned, you know you wanna win!
Hey lisa Come to Mexico #MexicoNeedsAustin please?
Total mis communication...but still nothing but good news
Salute to all the veterans. Happy Veteran's Day!
LOL -- I was going for hopeful :)
Why are people RTing me from like 82029 years ago? lol
Me: I love you mom and I don't say that to many people. Mom: I'm honored, now call the dentist. Smh.
"5 not alive"
the name of the Twitter list you put me on made me snort with laughter. Because I'm obviously immature & easily amused.
When you're hot you're hot! Salsa chicken & rice w/steamed broccoli was a hit. Full tummy. Ah.
Tomorrow we welcome a new incoming class of students, aka our 2015 alums! GET READY BALTIMORE!
Monkey is dead.
Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end.
Ayoo niggaaa. Date or for everybody. And follow back!;))
Doing my best to help spread the gospel.
have a great trip.
It's Sunday! Time to get religious....uh, no....every day is God's day, I give thanks to Him for every second of my life, amen.
230 but we go past 5 sometimes
Yay!! My Michael is home!
I'm so bored, I just went through 's tweets and looked at every twitpic to pass the time... I feel so good about myself right now.
He who knows only his side of the case knows precious little of that. - John Stuart Mill
<333 i love both of you guys
#FF the newest member of the #RefinedFam If interested in the #StreetTeam email us
Due out in eight days, the annual FHA actuarial review could point to the future role government will play in housing finance.
You can't win...
aww...honored! And ditto to you.
snoop dogg sold cameron diaz weed in high school
#FF Belated Thanks/ Welcome Aboard past follows Move your way!
Are you a good bitch or a bad bitch? Haha
This is an example of a very long #thedoors tweet. All the way up to 140 characters in length. Stronger than dirt stronger than dirt stro
#OutoftheLoop what should i do if my spouse is unfaithful? Try to work it out.
I'm not an actor... BUT... I'd improv my ASS off to be on #inlivingcolor!!
um, nope. Not speaking for this public librarian.
Waiting to chat with Larry Ahrens at 9 AM on 1550 - hope you'll join us!
Being single doesn't mean you aren't good enough for anyone, it means no one is good enough for you.
Anyone wanna go to Jersey for the Rock The Bells tour? The lineup is awesome.
lol its pretty good ill send u some
I was sitting in a meeting this morning thinking "Why don't we notice when we blink?" Blew my own mind.
What will Apple look like (& more importantly, *do*) apres Jobs?
Robert Shiller best cure for depression: altruism works better than prozac
Love the new profile pic!
Six days until
when you kids making it back down to miami?
The empowering wind that draws breath from despite, Roars 'neath my wings as I soar with the end in sight
Also, five unclaimed Biz Lunch sack lunches were delivered to some very appreciative folks who really needed them!
Enjoying the first day of my week vacation! Yet can't manage to sleep past 9 a.m.
I was looking at some of ur pics, and I ran across that vile stuff Code Pine was flashing. I can't believe it. But there it is. EVIL
Things turn out best for people who make the best out of the way things turn out. -Woody Hayes
Yeah dude. I dunno. And then again when the movie comes out.
we are sanded
Have you signed up for Google offers? Do you like it better than Groupon?
Suzy Brown, meeting organizer, just walked in the hotel with Dr. Collins.
Oh you make it sound so simple! LOL!
what have you been up to post #Superbowl? Anything interesting?
You're sick in the fucking head. You need professional help you deceiving cunt.
But my dad woke me up and now I can't go back to sleep :((((
Six pack by January. Watch me
aw ... hahaa Bad Tail .
nice save, but pls don't do that again.
I need a boy to talk to
Still plenty of seats left, but moving at a nice pace
WOW! They are really cutting back. Ricidulous!
I have a need to learn how to verify a form and populate a database with inputs as soon as I can. other todos are less pressing.
Also, you spend a lot of time on budgets. And p&ls. And saying no to cool ideas from creatives because they have poor ROI.
Consolation update: After one period, the score is still 0-0. Grand Rapids/Greenway holds the shots advantage at 12-2.
- We can't wait! See you there...62 days and counting!
Still need to lock down good coaching, please throw me anything you can think off.
#CallMeMaybe from is stuck in my head!
My heart hurts so much I feel like dying.
Coffee is a poor substitute for a good night's sleep. Helps you wake up without any of the jitters or the bad breath.
why am I gettin tweeted weeny pics from strangers???
Is this issue around attention a factor of how cheap a time investment twitter makes joining the fray?
I would be incredibly happy in Denver won. Then I would laugh my ass off.
Getin my Earrings on May 20
But that's every day! Have to delay that post a few days actually... Shooting for Wed.!
thank you!
Day is almost over!
RT - When the Dolphins play, Ima watch Any Given Sunday instead, because atleast that Miami team is entertaining
thinking and praying for the victims and their families of the Fort Hood Massacre!
Good Morning Warriors and Friends!!!!!!!!!! how are you today
like how I mix it up w/my two Twitter identities?
darn. Hopefully you'll get used to it (the shirt, not the men staring at your chest)
RT : Ima free bird, I gotta fly!!
Hanging out with my bestfriend<3:D
This Friday night we buzz into Stingers in Wixom to sting you in the exact spot we stung you in before.
Mouths don't get pregnant
Thanks very much...
People are still talking about Kaner's drunk weekend? I GUESS I SHOULD WRITE ABOUT IT FINALLY.
"Art is the signature of civilizations." –Beverly Sills
James Bond will no longer ask for a Martini "shaken, not stirred" - instead in the next flick, he'll ask for a Heineken. Product Placement!
#iPadCrunch after my iPad was stolen in january I waited diligently for the new one to come out, wait will be soon over
I contacted I would like to speak to guys about possibly collaborating.
Interesting to follow this Seth Greenberg "breaking news" ... especially if Seth hasn't a clue what's going on, per
Just had fried pickles had sweet tea yesterday now just need friend chicken to complete the southern trifecta
About to play the last show of 2010...this year was pretty awesome :)
RT : It's small business saturday make sure to support these Chicago business
now banging that GROUP HOPE - LIVING PROOF VIDEO MBTV LIVE - WE PRE-GAMING www.microphonebully.com
haha that's so weird.
why can't I ever have neighbors that play music I like. This bass and drum beat is atrocious.
#1yearago #Assad thought his son would someday rule #Syria . He was wrong.
Too cold outside my car, too warm inside my car
lmao u all lazy n stuff mark it down on ya calender goof
With today's run, hit the 40 mile/week mark. Off to a nice start this year. Will need & enjoy the yoga session in a few hours.
What is everybody doing this weekend in Lyons? I bet is has something to do with music?
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding
Goodnight everybody 😌💤
It could be sunny so you could eat on the patio... But still, pretty sweet place to wake up.
well they hit hot topics: PILOT subsidy for Lexington Sq, rec centers, aft-school prgrams, even EWOs!
More snow and rain Saturday morning. South sound hills& Cascde foothills 1-2" slushy snow, a mix or only rain for the rest of us
I thought it was cute and the most entertaining thing so far.
yeah for sure...im proud to admit i dont have a list. Im proud of my parents the way they raised me or I'd be something else.
A non-scientist asked me if he could start a Kickstarter campaign to fund a research project. Yes Yes Yes!
over here musical "improvising" was autocorrected to "improving"
RT : They're all about that thug life! That's why I hate my hometown of Cincinnati!
*Glare* You are lucky to be spared a rant owing to Twitter's truncated character limit...
Another weekend, another performance! :) The Magical Lamp of Aladdin performs again 3 p.m. this afternoon! Buy your tickets today!
HEY HEY HEY!
Shouldn't they be jumping at the chance for no class? Or do they really like it that much?
Kicking off #COFLA we are reminded that LA riots happened 20 years ago, & how local community rallied in crisis to recover.
#RIP Adam Yauch of the #BeastieBoys - MCA passes away at age 47 due to cancer... Respect. What's your favorite Beasties song?
It's national take your kid to work day. Does that apply to college students?
God really does like that tebow guy... I dont
Oh that's cool Lol :)
It hurts when you want someone but can't have them. It hurts more when you have had that someone and you lost them.
Just picked up "Fly and Be Damned: What Now for Aviation and Climate Change?" published by —been 10+ years since I read a Zed title
The things some people do. Smh...only in Arizona!
Im a photog&was always told I had to get releases for everything How can these photos be posted w/o a release?
avoid Olentangy on way to NST Saturday, Cap City half marathon closing Olentangy south of Lane.
FOLLOW he FOLLOWS BACK
I just finished w/Valentine's Day. I'm not ready for Easter.
Congrats, Tom! Based on your twitter icon, can we assume there is a photography degree in your future?
This will be weird. Am without my MBP for a few days while the video card gets looked at.
Did a little displaced gongyo; Not perfect, but effective in trying times or otherwise. ~NMRK~
#ThankYouCody for sharing your life with us! We can't tell you how much it means to us!
im in the this class bored as fuck i dont know i should go to 7th retweet if i should
On the way to Atlantic City with Craig Robinson and Nasty Delicious tour...we left Arlington VA, re-inspired, and ready for day 3.....
Family friend at a church cookout saved all labels and made sure my daughter had safe food without being asked. She really warmed my heart.
“: Nike Cross Nationals is streaming LIVE! Watch here: t.co/9iDdbTIj" Nike not against ALL live streaming
HEY HEY YOU YOU YOU NEED A NEW GIRLFRIEND ;) ♥
Watching "It's a Wonderful Life" and trying my best not to cry like I always do.
I use every last one of those lies! :P
Hey give it a shot and see if it works!
follow me please, porfavor, merci. please ^-^
RT : Today is the oldest you've ever been , and the you
It's colder than a witches tit in a brass bra in this school.
Canucks cool Jets to stay in hunt for top spot
Love my #SocialMedia fam! Great seeing & meeting u all tonight! cont'd
four back-to-back dance classes? exhausting, but totally worth it.
Wade's gonna go off next half lbs
Just bought my ticket for Mega Millions!
I need to change my profile pic. I didn't realize a hoodie could kill me.
being bored is the worst thing ever.
date you again it's freaking ridiculous.. Gahdddd!
pet peeve: when your secure login times out a website says "You need to be logged in to do that!"
Oh oh
Good to know there's a dry place somewhere in this state!
You Gon Learn Today
Who produced Sinatra’s 1984 release, "L.A. Is My Lady"?
why's it raining? D:
Romney is on fire but so is Nuet. Mitt and Nuet already agree. Lets bet on VP/P or P/VP now!
OH: "Are you sure they have opposable thumbs?" RE: users of web product
cleaning my room...woo.
Oh, you flatter me! :) So glad to read you love the new look! Are you trying our new stuffed rockfish tonight?
Librarian blinged out i chunky silver jewelry
My little sister fell off the truck! Lmao!! 😂😝 It was kinda my fault but I told her to be careful. Too bad! Lol
Even the Conde Nast building is snobby. Call someone's cell in there and it rings once then hangs up on you.
hashem sends us what we need- and we are thankful.
Happy 16th Birthday , hope you have an amazing day, loveyou! :]<3
how could you do this to me?!? RTing !!!! disappointed.. Thought we had a connection after monday and wednesday!!
they're but just the blue group.
H-E-B lost an awsesome worker and amazing friend. R.I.P Jameel, NO ONE will forget your smile. /:
Congrats on Dean
tailgate starts at 4 ..
Grateful that came to our seminar yesterday! Great to see my friends!
all i had today was breakfast n thats all its weird usually i have lunch whats wrong with me
haha yes, yes it is :P
"Maddie... you're my ancestor."
« lol im lost , but i had some of them this morning ( ;»
#Redevelopment re-animators could save time and ink by simply writing: "We want taxpayers to continue subsidizing our private developments".
you can stick your facebook up your twitter
we'd love to know how does for you in matching people w/twitter handles -> let us know what you think!
Sorry I couldn't make it to the show, my parents decided to come to town last min. Hope it's going well.
Why isn't there chocolate flavored yogurt?
um.... I think we got the memo, mark.
Why haven't the have a blackout at Staples for the playoffs? Or a purple out? Oh or old school yellow out!
Very typical. I just block them. It eventually calms down.
