No easy baskets for #UMass, needing to make a ton of extra passes or acrobatic/long shots to come up with any points. Deficit should be more
At least it's Saturday? Although, not for much longer. :(
Anyone know who is responsible for the developing the online collection at the ?
Valor, it's crazy addictive.
I pity people who don't understand unconditional love.
Great idea! Instead of text or email, you can write me notes, scan them, and send via email.
Mad Men: YES! I'm all over these women
Rockin' after midnight new Wed Metal night. Hooray
ha! I'd like to see Google focus on making Plus the place to share articles.
mhmmmm sexy as HELL I want to bite em!!!!
Celtics line drops to +5 before the tip, yet everyone seems to be picking them, including me. Dangerous combination.
smile. Dont worry better dayz are coming :)
thank you for the follow! Cool show!
You're going down, Brody.
Shouldn't have assumed anyone there cared about the Hawks.
is that a promotion, carts to cleaning toilets? :P
Almost #Grizzlies almost
Now, got to pick up an attendee and get her to SEATAC
I am watching The Voice. I love this show. I definitely recommend it if you like music.
sloving a 1000 piece jigsaw puzzle with about the celestial planisphere :) lovelovelove
hey can u dm me ur pops number
Even tho austin is leaving we all know that he wont forget texas and the memories there.He is always going to be that 15 yr old i saw.
It is. Strange season too. Lots of injuries throughout the league.
These thunders in Denver are scaring the crap outta me! D:
text me. iMessage. :]
Today we have (malt) Whopper Candy cupcakes and Pinacolada cupcakes in addition to our regular flavors
67 and sunny...meet you on the #patio at 5!
librarians sometimes worked without cooperation of principals, sometimes in dire structures;
Ladies, we'll be at the this wkend with a mini-sanctuate experience - stop by and say hi!
If I make it through today without murdering someone it's going to be a miracle.
On his way to an EGOT.
got a shout out at the mid-career professional session at #region6 as a good resource 4 intl educators
LAKERS :) All day..
that's bizarre >> “: Couples, sharing a FB account doesn't make u appear loving and intimate...it screams disturbing trust issues.”
Tonight, I shall
No, you're the best!
Very excited! Just got my author copies for Zapato Power: Freddie Ramos Takes Off.
Wife tells me canola oil's not that healthy, but I dont know. Stick w/veg, not animal fat, ur better off.
#workwednesday need network #programmers for jobs in #texas and #seattle and more,
I love how i was tired this morning, but now i'm wide awake. Oh well. I'm not complaining :)
I stayed up until almost 4:30 this morning, rereading the first book and exploring Pottermore. *yawn* On to chap 4!
Spanish test was hard. Some girl walking by me outside was on the phone and asked is the radiers in the superbowl or something.
DailyHookahTip#133: To video tape #smoke tricks, position the lighting to be directly above the smoke, and turn off all other lights.
Prefer dogs? :3
Finishing gettin ready, wile Sam nd the girls get evrything rest for the party
thanks James, loved what you planned, I emailed back some comments, let's talk tomorrow.
thank you:)
I just made a chicken breast with fresh peppers, mushrooms, garlic, and broccoli!
I'm stuck with the Reds broadcast.
Good morning all. Class starts early today.
OT Poetry test in 6 hours and I'm just now filling out the study guide. Long night ahead.
Tonite is the legendary Cougars&Cubs Ball #women40+ men 21-29 get in for #FREE All nite! Happy Hunting ;)
People get tired. And just like anybody else, I get tired too.
Relationship Status: ☐ Single ☐ In a Relationship ☐ Married ☐ Engaged ☐ Divorced ☑ Imaginarily married to
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think -- in a deeper voice. ~ Bill Cosby
.... It may also steal your wallet and your personal identity!
mix breed?
RT : Wish I changed my voter reg to vote for Would sacrifice Congressional representation to vote for someone I...
sure,let's do that!
Not sure how much of this SEC love fest I'm gonna be able to handle. Speed. Size. Talent. Speed. Skill. Defense. Speed. Puke.
that is a question I don't know the answer to. I will ask Charlie!
Hardest thing to do right now: trying not to pass pinky eye to my other eye.
Something so small can get that shit stuck in my head for the rest of the night. Lame!
RT ": The people that you love the most are the ones who can make you cry the hardest..."
said base and child theme is a parent and child theme. 2 different themes that link together...and then he lost me.
See you all at 5:30 in the Lyles Center!
I Still Don't See How The Lakers Let It Go To Game 7 Tho ?
I got Meconi's today, I was a happy girl. :)
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidi
Welcome to Vermont, where chains aren't really welcome! BTV used to have only 4 gates.
Things r starting 2 heat up on SoYouThinkYouCanDance. The last 4 contestants need 2 give it their all tonite. See them 11/7
Now I want a pretzel! Hum....
Adele rules, man
Good Morning, All. Prayer is contemplation of facts of life from the highest point of view.
Road trip with my girls ::)
I've always been called "different" ;)
l do NOT wanna go to school tomorrow.
My Name Means Ima Girls Best-friend Funny Thing Is I really DNT Like Females Or I CANT Get Along Wid Dey Ass If My Life Depended On It !
DIY Tissue Paper Flowers: How to Make Paper Pompom Garland Great 4 ur #classroom or #home!
Hello. I'm a MLIS student @ SJSU, an academic lib intern & youth lib volunteer.
Interested in checking out the #OGStudio? Open Hours today from noon to 4, Monday 830-1130am and Wednesday 7-11pm. Stop by!
thanks! Never too many tips/ideas when it comes to social media
Thank god schools over omfg worst cramps
If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~ Tenzin Gyatso (Dalai Lama)
Here we go again. People always saying what's not for him. Everything I'm not made me everything I am.
Always being on the bring? Or brink? Brink of what? Success?
Top of the morning!
At #limejungle with then off to a comedy show... Good first day in NYC!
I will it s these damn allergies
Its perhaps even more elementary than that: I think she was honest in titling her article, i.e. that she thinks reading [+]
hey, hit me up before you get here, dis is my neck of the woods...would love to see you guys.
Feel like a record time will be set for week 1 of
so great! unfortunately that is the kind of nurturing we need! a really upstanding business man!
#brokemyremote RT : We really did it this time
Do people atthe DMV have lives
We got in the studio w/ his buddy Sandy. Crazy!
thanks for follow.
Wendy's for 4 for dinner= $15. Chips out of the vending machine= $2. Spending the weekend with my cousins= Priceless.
Stop in tomorrow at the mocha lounge for one of delicious baked goods. Mention this tweet get 25% off any baked good
Detroit baby !
Together???? Really?
That last picture looked so hipstergrammed. WHY THO.
Follow me!
Tonight! I'm happy to be Single for VDay : P
Thanks for sharing - it's very cute.
All I do is play 2k lol
what position do you play and where does it hurt on your arm, and how long has it been hurting for?
wish I could /: I don't have my car yet. So I have no transportation. But the good thing is, I might get a car this week (:
yeah, we did tweet just a little bit about you, didn't we... that will teach you to sleep!
--> RT : Who was a rebel once in their life? Lol come on. No shame
the king of old world 3rd leaving his throne tonight?
Jesus Christ: untied and undefeated.
6-year anniversary beers at Pub Dog!
good to know . . .I was going to see it but will buy a book instead
leftover for breakfast at 1 pm? yep. good day
It's in the neighborhood, yeah.
yea I think I got that :) so wucha doin?
then heck yes I'm excited!
There's a bunch of crappy neighborhood pubs in our neighborhood, but my wife has no interest in visiting them all. Help
me what? Ha.
Our plans miscarry because they have no aim. When a man does not know what harbor he making for, no wind is the right wind. Seneca
LMAO. seeing my sisters wake up late and having to rush to make it to the bus stop was so funny lol I remember those days
thanks, Lucas! Nor I Jackson's! Congratulations brother!
When we are playing with the cat, one more question to anyone who plays, I with her, or she with me.:D:)
Ever been treated like you don't exist? Never existed? Feels rotten, but #RonPaul keeps plugging along, collecting delegates.
Huge shout out to for throwing me a bday party at her house!! #bestfriendever #loveyou ❤💜💗💚💙💛
Text me details of your travels. Thanks!
Will Mac's value decrease now that Steve Jobs has passed?
THAT IS SO TRUE
Now we just need Mo to do what he does best. I really give Mosely and Gardner a lot of the credit...they were huge.
Get ya tatts at fab ink !!! The waviest tattoo parlor in the 413 #ju heard!!!
Good job! I need to get back to that.
Enjoyed listening to Bruce Hagevik getting some time in the sun on WCCO's midday air as he wraps up 39 years ... what a pro.
His last two tweets are about chainsaws and Spain - seems pretty right on to me. Good thing he's not an analyst!
You guys were rediculously awesome today, just thought I should let you know :).
I dont ask for much but I do thank too much!
Your products have allowed our son to enjoy the simple treats...cookies and chocolate. Thanks EnjoyLife
St. John's lured me from a university in New England with a 60 percent raise. It really a great place.
These home made moon pies>>>
everyone changed so much this year.
what a wimp next he will want nerf baseballs pitched to him
For the next month, the answer to all questions asked to me will be Vegas.Let the countdown to a weekend of mayhem at begin
honestly curious, what else could cause so high of a result? Injecting right before a test? Any real chance it is overturned
you are a strange one riley mcdonough...
Good morning Bruce. Mom's are special. Hope you have a good weekend!
then I'm there! :p
Hi, MaryAnn. Hope you had a good day.
Remind me never to be drunk with Mexican food and a cell phone at my disposal. Sent a blog as a text. And fessed to watching Just Wright.
Ownership is everything for kids as are expectations
Spending the day at Epcot and then riding whatever I I didn't get to ride before
Just because ur waring a fuckin wig and lip singing the music dont mean ur a fan of nicki u have to no all about her to be a true barb
the name is a surprise though;-)
can't believe you're awake
Buffalo is a blizzard. All wheel drive...YUP! Im being that guy that flies by you when you are trying to be careful...oops
Coming Soon! Classes on: Skype,Blackboard 9.1,Glogster,LiveMocha,Voice Thread! Earn your Continuing Ed. credits here! http:// goo.gl/eYoNT
I suppose it could be used for protection. :) Its a "sport" ankle brace from Fred Meyer.
I'm so inspired by your story and how you're working to end domestic violence - wanted to ask you some Q's if I could...
Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Ram, Mitsu, Ford, Lincoln - Open this Sunday April 1 noon to 4pm....not foolin'
OK just spent about 10 minutes trying to figure out what "saved" classification meant in my queue. Had to FAQ it. BAD
Good morning Matt! R u going to do a tweet spree this am again? I'm still listening to Mistletoe!!!!
dude you should follow me. I post about Dynasty Warriors/Samurai Warriors and other games as well. Been a longtime fan of KOEI
SWAG= "Someone Who Appreciates God"
Where's the last place you visited in the Caribbean or Hawaii region? (Cariloha's name is part Caribbean, part Hawaiian!)
greatness. achieved.
Then stop watching Dolphin games RT : I don't wanna huuuuurrrttttt anymore
#ThankYouGleeCastAndCrew for your embarrassing and pretentious contribution to popular music. May you be canceled in due time.
happy birthday beautiful! ??
Current Season Ticket Holders-Contact your Ticket Rep to find out how you can lock in your current per game prices for next season!
Lunch at Desta.. yes.
"Social Media is about creating a brand." Erica Hartfield (Can we just say she's AMAZING!!) DMIS
thanks! i didnt think about that! I'll keep that in mind when planning things.
Welcome to the May #SmallBizPgh #TweetChat!. We want to welcome our featured guest Give her a warm #Pittsburgh welcome!
It finally feels (sort of) like fall in San Diego--60 degrees and rain.
Preparing to watch the Lost series finale, I am going to riot if the conclusion isn't satisfying.
thanks for helping us spread the word! it's going to be a great event!
Asking the (speaker) how he has overcome a mistake makes me heart the smart even more.
Middle age is that difficult period between adolescence and retirement when you have to take care of yourself
Just tell me when!
#cil2010 simple problem that usability must try to solve: Libraries used to be the only place to go for information. Not anymore.
Excellent! Thanks
Blink/My Chem show with and the plumer family was fucking amazing!! Greatest show ive ever been to!
I get it: I'm the only one not excited about the #Prometheus trailer. Fine. I'll just stay home and watch Alien. Slime ain't nothing in CG
When you see Vin Scully talking on TV, that just means baseball season has officially begun! GO Dodgers!!!!!!
Hi Austin Reviews - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. You provide a great service!
This: RT : I hope everyone is having a great night no matter where you are or what you're watching! :)
A great talent has passed. We'll miss you
Ok, can I just say your forums are what I've been looking for since I had DD! Thank you!
I'll be driving up from Norfolk, VA. Hopefully the blue #SportingKC section is big enough for me to spot so I know where to sit.
53 tweets to 15,000. Because I had a twitter before it was cool. Anyways, who wants to be a part of it? Besides the obvious.
Lincoln followed the path of righteousness to free a captive people. He didn't claim the power to change everyone's minds.
is it 8-9? I can call in a little after 8:30
“Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right.”
I thought a tablet WAS a hybrid?
got a mean ass swagger, my bitches do too
Patient urges implant recall
Just tried to visit AP twice via Twitter links. Before the site could load, I was redirected to MySpace.
just got back from nice run and now some more juice! Keep it up People!
Spilled boiling hot coffee all over my hand on the way to work. Then found out I'm scheduled NEXT Thursday. It balances out.
"The so-called salt of the earth, Waffle House aficionados who hate us more than they love Jesus can kiss our ass." ~Me
RT : Is hands down the best server at !!!
i started @ everett and jones...where did you start your DREAM!!! the sister&#39;s started MINES with d wiggins!!!just want 2 say THANKS!!
had a darn good ride today with Lego! *boogie* Also discovered that most horses don't like fresh mint leaves..LOL
#JPMorgan's #JamieDimon has the financial acumen & conscience of a rock. Set him in a park & unleash puppies w/ full bladders.
Life's a succession of times and to live each, would be to succeed.
what songs are you working on?
If you give me your shirt sizes I can pick up your race shirts Thursday night or you can pick them up at the race. Let me know
sure thing
Every team always bitches when they lose to the Heat. They just can't accept the Heat are better than them.
Hahaha ahh nice! That's awesome. Well let me know if you find anything good. I'll be hunting too!
idont like my family ..
Good job by Tommy breaking down J. Smooth's "help" defense
Oral hist's remind that individuals hold powerful stories about the past -look to challenge mvmt narratives that distort.
My mom has mac miller as her ringtone :)
Perfect day for one of those!
Out to go see #Avengers with the boo!!
Visit the Art Institute on October 5th and 12th for #free! Close to nothing beats a day, hour or minute of free awe-inspiring art.
On the set of WRITERS today with writer/dir Joshua Boone and the cast! Yay!!
Is anyone else super excited about the new iPad today???
We don't need 140 characters to tell you that it's FREE Friday at LBMA!
Great fun @ MCG in Pittsburgh singing w the wonderful Five Play!And playing w the great Roger Humphries was a thrill.Thank you Pittsburgh!!
Sad we lost today :(
have a great one, its hot over here in Tx. Maybe you can send some of that coolness next day air.. ;-)
yeah man! The National Ave lofts!
Jonsi for bedtime.
thanks for schoolin' me in #F1. I just read that #Vettel got poll, now I'm pumped!
Micro brews and blues, um yes!
u r very welcome & u can count on us to help u. We r happy 2 have u here. If u need a taste of Nigeria my family can help :-)
Yay! Happy Birthday, Brett! RT : Happy Birthday to #SocialFabric member !
Check out "The Fat Kid's Wolfy Revenge" by now available on Amazon.com & BN.com. A must read for #horror fans!
and when the male thinks they've attracted the female they actually mate and then she eats them
OMG this Jimmy Kimmel montage is LOL @&$$)@$
Miss piggy one of the #bestdressed #oscars ??
of course not.
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
mormon temple?
Love you back sexy!!!
stop your mom is the cutest person ever
#SCNotTop10 always classic
do u have any book recommendations for parenting especially in regards to discipline in a godly, gospel-centered way?
4th of July in Golden Gate Park!
I had no idea!
can't wait to see
Awesome!!! We're so glad people are enjoying the experience and the end result!
Oh totally! :)
girl...don't play!! I'm here for about 6 more hours
Damn is it raining again!
Sometimes I feel like I'm trapped in a Luis Bunuel film.
So exciting!! I already pre-ordered my signed copy!
O lord! I cant believe i almost lost one of my sisters.
LoL it ain't really free if you payed to get in.. Lol just sayin.
in zero-sum games that lend themselves to game theory (like the Spanish Prisoner), you depend on the opponent...
Miss twist is at Baltimore & Greene with GrrChee truck. Awesome day for a Shake and a Reuben. !!!!!!!!
Putting out a new album on tuesday called Landscapes, hope I can get everyone's support by checking it out!!!!
well I got a baton so watch ya litte bitch ass
Thank you, Nina!
yep that confirms ur last words to me were a lie. U said u met Austin and he gave u a kiss on the cheek your a liar! Jerk!
"Name one living thing that doesn't somehow bloom. None of them get to choose the right conditions." ~ Catie Rosemurgy
I'm chillin at home w/ my dad, havin some beers and watchin soccer :)
Now that I was retarded and ran outside....allergies are going crazy
So...Dis Random #OOMF DM'd Me His Name And Numberr. No Thanks Love !
Dear world: I'll see you in a few days.
Come thru the gates 2 his Temple givng thanks to him. Enter his courtyards with songs of praise. Honor him & bless his name. Ps.100:4 (ERV)
I'm right here
New shirts just arrived. Patiently waiting for the CD's so I can send out all of these preorder packages!
RT this if you see it and you love your fans :) <3
Tigers bats better wake up!
The best "technique" I can think of is to find a man who is happy having an independent woman; then there won't be a problem.
we just martinis
Monkeyland's Stage B is still rocking with the final mix for #Jewtopia. It's sounding great! Thanks for trusting the Monkeys!
A 2 or 3 year old child can do fantastic things, such as count, read, play music, etc. because of his/her past life activities.
why not? That why there are so many chubby kids now my kids school has a salad bar (k-5) and the hot lunch menu is fairly healthy.
Oh, yes. A lot of us found classical music through Leonard Bernstein (God bless him), plus our parents & good public schools.
thank you for being Miss USA. Proud of you. Great mushrooms on the Food Network btw lol ;)
Happy Chinese New Year&Lunar New Year2those that celebrate it!Remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe
no y? It just posted a highscore off this app lol.
just don't let find it
: Congrats! Well done!
if amps only had a number greater than 10
When a guy knows what your favorite color power ranger is, that's love :)
and Ruffalo's Banner was really sympathetic. He looked like he'd been through hell but was still holding together
there's alot of them but Dions has held it down for awhile....
Another perfect day with you will lead to forever. I just know it.
MT": Hey, don't be a truth teller might accuse u of slander. There aren't 2 sides, apparently, only the media side."
It always looks perfect, as long as you are looking from a distance.
I forgot about Couch Paterno. Getting giggly (with it) over here.
RT - Lofpre & will be accepting music submissions of all genres for The Shuffled Hustle II by soundtrack, get ready.
As I prepare for tomorrow, I just realized that I have the dress uniform of a #USNavy officer laying on my bed. Such a proud moment.
Aha is so epic!! C:
Our layer cakes of the month for May are Chocolate-Chocolate-Chocolate and Lemon Raspberry
guess what now I know where hubby gets ocd from,his dad...watching his dad has made me dizzy...damn sit down & relax
power out in some areas of fresh meadows queens, family reported outage
then move! Lol.
give me more details on this one please
Still waiting on to Streak in Nashville! Who do u want to see Streak next Saturday?
To my family & friends on the East Coast. Take care and please be safe. XoXoXo.
Looking to buy property? Check with the Postal Service
God doesn't just call the people he equipped, he equips the people he calls
we are working on opening up more tickets for tonight at The Ritz. Hang tight, we'll keep you posted!
Shout out to all our fans! Thanks for following us! Remember to check our Facebook for #coupons, we have one posted right now...
highlight of baby gift thing & the only thing I added: 3 pack of brewers onesies.Best one was"I maybe little, but I'm a HUGE brewers fan"
Sure you can, you can always say, "you have bad taste." That's a challenge.
Same shit ? Change up your diet fam..
Like this.
check your phone bro.
:'/ Josue, I fucking <3 ya and im sorry about your past birthday BUT next time around I promise to make it fckin' amazzazing<33
I can't believe this is my life...
honestly nothing big just hoping to have a great time with my family & friends ; time of the year where we all get to cooking(;
m yum
I can't believe Thomas still has those tweets up on his tl! Lmfaooo !!
hahaha me too!! And yeah I'll be there tomorrow:)
Is your next cd ready?! Let us help build your Fan Base! MusicalStop.com
First audition of the year--2010 off to a great start!
yea am better bro thanks for askin....
Did I mention that I LOVE MISS ROSS!!!!
Awesome - thanks! /cc
script(s)
vote for pop artist!
The pattern was less than 2 dollars. I bet the labor is priceless.
At 4 p.m. the infamous 'lighting round' will begin where journalists will have short-segments to get across their main points.
Thanks for the contact related to blogging. Perhaps in the future I can consider. Good luck!
true and true. Just trying to pick your brain a bit. Good stuff.
Spooks now. Xfactor was a waste of time.
thanks bro
the theater of the self happens in the brain
Ima blow up eating all this mcdonalds.
Email about #Marrakesh is sent Erika! GO #BRUINS!
Fill in the blank! I <3 #SocialMedia because ____________ .
RT : But still... RT niggas that watch anime do roundhouse kicks in street fights and wake up with no wallet.
Thanks for the retweet!
Hey! It's Cleveland! You'd leave too!
GIVE ME NUMBER MY PHONE LOST ALL MY CONTACTS
did you just make one?
o thats sucks drive safely just got from work its shitty out
#Fear wist not to evade as #Love wist to pursue.
Sorry. Understand the frustration but this discount is not available on previously purchased tickets and we don't offer refunds.
."By the look in your down-turned eyes, you've had enough of these angry skies." ::tired pony::point me at lost islands::
7 of the the top 10 grossing movies of all time were in the science fiction and/or fantasy genres. Is that what you write? Contact us.
It will Rain
Just buy the damn card, sign it and give it to her! It's not that complicated
Trying not to be jealous :-)
Have given up on hotel/conference wifi. Verizon 3G is screaming in comparison.
Hello ! We are so happy to have you stay with us! We'll look into your internet question right away.
#artpolitics where are the better genres?
": Thats Good Though , Thats How Im Doing It Too , Celibate , Marriage , Kids ."your celibate dammit lol jp yea
Train engineer said it was a "fatality". So sad.
OH GOD. WHY ARE PEOPLE SO FUCKING STUPID
#iLoveWhenYou talk to me about your day
Agreed RT : sidenote...that kid has to be a least six
it was beautiful. Loads of things to do
awesome! and I are in town until Sun, filming some winefolly episodes for
The Republican Primary race is turning into a big joke. What a shame for the Republican Party.
Kristen almost dropped the hookah and coals on my face.
#TGIF!! How SWEET it is!! ..lol
I want some coffee 
I got pulled over for texting the other day. I told the officer I was actually playing Angry Birds. I still got a ticket.
I've stopped asking what the meaning of life is. My question now is: "Why do only technologically-challenged people use self-check-outs?"
- I worked in a hospital when I was 16. A surgeon once mistook me for a med student & taught me how to remove a tumor.
BOTD: Sierra Nevada Pale Ale "Who cares how time advances? I'm drinking ale today." -Edgar Allan Poe. Full beer list here...
#BlameItOnNolan #NeverSayNever today is the 100th time i have watched it and i counted how many times i have watched it :D
If we have 6 more weeks of this, as roofing and solar guy, I'd like to thank Mother Nature!
You only kno what I tell u
When we get to the hotel I'm ktfo.
thank you so much! <3
New tshirts and hoodies!
sister wives.
give you a call round 1pm. Want to do some marketing with u at our event.
I hope next time we don't have to wait for SXSW next year.
Are we really making "progress" in a world where there's insufficient nudie magazines of Ryan Goslin?
rite here aha;p
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you need an opener!
With the Skyrim playgroup, sharing their relief at finding a horse in the mountains.
#PURPLE RAIN. Only want to see u walking in the purple rain
Brandy suck mad dick when her mans is not around ;)
Seriously? Why do people talk behind your back and not say something to your face? And the funny thing is that it's mostly your friends!
I wonder what model boy is doing????
Excited for keynote lecture tomorrow! 4-5 p.m. Harrison Auditorium -- Don't miss it!
Heading to bed early - Need sleep.
I know its gospel, but this lady cannot sing!
well some people take it offensively .
too scene to function <3
Hoole fun fact! Our oldest rare book was printed in 1483! It's an "incunable" which is any book printed before 1501 in Europe! Cool indeed!
Hey #CTIAW12...in need of a tasty refreshing treat? We are in Hall G convention!
Like, that's a website? I'm trying to figure out what site you're talking about.
dont tell me the lakers are seriously gonna turn this into a game 7 :-|
Harriet Fulbright College is very excited to welcome all our Summer Program students from Mongolia, South Korea and Turkey!
unfollow button is on my page;)
if you let me...here's what i'll do...nothing.
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20% Off Scrapbooking Materials Scrapbookers of the world can rejoice in an impressive Wolf Camera cou
Who knew that LeBron was an even better actor than basketball player?
If someone really loves you, they'll take you as you are. There's no need to change.
absolutely, same here only I did throw my phone against a wall once and broke it lol
Deadly crash in Sacramento near HWY 5 & 50. 2 Mile backup on South bound 5
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Hey dude, is a monthly performance night I put on with some of my friends. You should stop by on Saturday.
HEY... its cold...to me...here in Dallas right now....brrrrr (people in the Chi are like man up)
Nice to meet you!
seriously?! you guys are too sweet. it was so good to see you!
": I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. “Alright, get in the basket.”"
Whoa Tigers. Big bats much?
the mom of the stalker who ran on the court last night?
Welcome New #Creative #Leadership #Coaching #FF:
why you say that?
C'mon Twitter loves(: Follow me so I can beat out 's 184 follow count. #TeamFollowBack #FollowBack Go!(:
The worst part is that I'm certainly tired--just fighting it subconsciously I s'pose.
May 22nd next project! Who's coming?
LinkedIn is instrumental to professional networking online, thesite is also seeing upward of 60 million unique visitors per month
Thanks for posting a link to a Mellen Press book. Arthur Scholar
Have been in Container Store for nearly 3 hours designing a closet. Wife is happy, I need a beer.
Our new shirt artwork is finally finished. I'll post a picture in a few. Should be a week or so before it gets on our apparel.
Thanks. Was fun to work on.
Highlight of my day- 2 prospective students stopped into & to spec. coll. I believe the words "Wow" were uttered!
que tal todo? how are you projects coming along?
Laker fans where are thou lol
thanks Jess! You guys were wonderful and asked such great questions. I thoroughly enjoyed meeting y'all!
This weekend I made time for the people that I put up with! It was AWESOME!!! What did y'all do?
True that RT : cheat day
marketing should have a belief in metrics…engineering might have too much influence over constraints
follow back :D?
SAT word of the day: fetid (adj.) having a foul odor
yay! North Central Counterpoints
I may not be the best, but Ill be my best for you...wait fuck it! nevermind.
ur a boy in disguise I'm sorry
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is meeting with visitors at the Lake Mohonk Peace Conference. He answers questions about the Bahá’í movement.
Housewarming party for & myself sometime in the near (yet somewhat far) future.....please wait as we create a gift list. Haha.
Great weekend.
Dude, have you SEEN Mike Adams' beard?
Yep, originally. Haven't lived there since I was a little kid. Still feels like my home, though.
There is a balance doing TV as a chef-you don't want guests to devalue your talent.
You know you had fun, when you can't tell your parents what you did
Are you attempting to tweet again little egg????
Of course. My husband calls himself "snarky" all the time.
Im overjoyed with gladness because the Lord is so good! #GODISTHEGREATEST!!!
Good morning everyone, enjoy your Wednesday!
if by 'beneral' you mean general, venerable, or be'n real, then yes. Was meant to express appreciation rather than to blanket!
I can still count to ten on my finger tips.
At least the Packers and the Ravens won today, yesterday was very bad for me if football and poker. Today breaking even at the tables.
multiple choice men
Cynthia: my sister lacked the 9 digit magical number she needed to go to college
The term "best friend" actually means something to me. I don't like to throw it around and call everyone that, just doesn't seem right.
Thank you guys for being so patient. Please send my regards to your whole class.
im never gunna forget that vid so dope
YW, how was the movie?
Thanks #God for #mountains to climb. See ya at the top, but of course here too. Look How You Roll-Everywhere! #ilovethat #relieved U got it.
claude giroux (referring to Pgh) "we don't like the fans and we like to show we're better than them"...is that right? Now we have u right...
Cena taking way too much in past month
I was being a smart ass. ;-)
why would you need cold thermogenesis for the a... nevermind. i don't even wanna know...
iight is it a cover page and shit?
On set for HBO's The Good Wife this beautiful Sunday am!!
#NDSA Bob Horton to be speaking later at / NDSA partners meeting, and BTW the Minnesota government is open for business again
Merry Christmas :)
not having to have podsednik anymore
"If you can dream it, you can do it" Nancy Kramer from Go girl!
#Top10Lies 1 I will be right back. 2. Hold on one second. I might have more so I will stop there!
you want my sock monkey hat :'))()
pacing. pacing and more pacing.
Phil's Custom Bindery is still kicking it. Not a printer, but only a very rare printer does that kind of binding in-house.
RT Wanted: US Proven Top-Gun Salespeople $3500 Commission Per Sale - Call Me for Details 1 888 901 8558
Let me amend that last remark. Howard: I promise: you have never ever shown up in one of my dreams.
So a Twitter search for Rockstar Racing brings up as a result. Umm... no?
I know... I just wanna like sleep till thursday! :P
Her hair was flawless <3
Its a room fulla bitches, what you followin' me for?
ADELE YALL!!! #I SO LOVE HER
To see a frog in your dream represents a potential for change or the unexpected.
so i dont know where to go or what to do for
I'M GONNA LIVE MAH LIIIIFEEE, NO MATTER WHAT, WE PARTY TONIIIIIGHTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!
Hoping for stable weather. God is with us.
Nasdaq tests IPO auction system ahead of Facebook offering
"Truth is always available and must be followed in the presence of error even when the truth is harsh and the error is what we want to hear"
This Girl Is Really Makin Me Crazy Like WTF
thx for the love!
: switching over from #MNF to #thesingoff. >> I'm more of an X-Factor kind of guy. I haven't seen #th ...
This man on the stage & he is funny forreal
Thanks for the RT
Who wants to buy my Kaskade ticket?
Cool, thanks for the info!
Alan won't stop showing me the inside of his mouth on Skype.
cuz u know how i would get annoyed how he was treatin u? well now im startin to see that hes acting better
SHOWER TIME!
frozen yogurt!
Other then me
I could NOT AGREE MORE about let the right one in. a fascinating, unusual movie.
What's everyone working on today?
The Boston Celtics are hosting the LA Lakers tonight at the TD Garden (Fleet Center). Game tickets available with us, call now: 888-493-0004
Craig James creeps out.
Last time that was a prob was 2001 - Big Dog, Allen, Cassell all wanted the last shot. Big Dog got it vs. Philly in Game 5. Missed
Passed 400 followers! Need to Get to 500, and then 1000!
#tldrconf Siri-like features in all my devices and objects.. Finally I can get my own real Kitt from Knight Rider
So far so good Mr. Obama.. I like the clean energy sources & electric cars :)
I think I've seen a ghost!
#BothOfUs comes out this weekend!! :)
about 6 or 8 months ago lol. I was one of the actors
No niece of mine will EVER be a poodle in the making. EVER. Nothing wrong with poodles, but that ish ain't for her. SMH
Gah! I knew I forgot something. I'll try to post it tomorrow.
Kincade seriously how does ur brain conjure this humor up? stuff s funny as can be! glad i follow..even the nonhumor!!Peace
My concern is that implementation of a Java runtime is encumbered by Oracle's patents.
Thanks Always! Hope you have a good weekend!
I didn't know they were weed heads on sex in the city
Mom - physical medical Sister - Mental/diagnostic medical me - emotional because you can't tell what a person is saying if they're crying.
Busy Wed: meeting two painters and waiting for Sears to figure out my washer. My max ROI repair cost is $250. After that, no go!
put it in the header and tab over to make it go to the right ... There's a button you can push to put the page numbers in :)
Vegetarians enjoy fake meat products of all kinds -- but why no fake mutton? I give you my latest, greatest idea: Nutton.
T-minus 24 hours to the Reindl family invades Drake
only four episodes left. Can't wait until Arya ...
Heyy nice last name.
no problem. video/mixtape is dope
"Take a moment to live Take a moment to cry Take a moment to love And don't ask why" <3
We are trying to, slowly...
This class gets boring
What's in your ongoing series, "Things I've Accidentally Mailed"?
duh. I got you. I'll lay it down this weekend.
I called ya today lol. I see that #WorkEthic in full effect!
` been layin down all day & im still tired
I don't want to wait till summer for suits put it in now hahaha.
Yes! Superfine? Text me!
94 degrees right now in NYC...going to wait till the evening to be sportaneous today. jealous of our users in San Diego!
uh yeah....and I called you back a little while ago, Mary!
Nice one Brother! I like that track. Got any more of that you want to share?
Happy #MKEDay! Need to get through this homework so I can enjoy it!
I just "liked" you, Amos! Good stuff!
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. - Albert Camus
People's are real jealous !! No worries, they can't have much of a life!!! Hey, get some sleep
Grrrrr!!! Allergy go away!! Hopefully tomorrow I will get shot tomorrow morning.
Our company will be at #SBA jobs act tour in #Atlanta today to hear about small biz opportunities. We are 8(A) and soon
For those of us who want to start our own small business, is awesome and it's getting even better.
The Joint Commission defines a 'disaster' as 'an unexpected or sudden event.'
Wonderful! Thanks Lola!!!!!
I'm definitely going to go to the next TechMeetup. It looks like a great time!
Josh Smith the happiest man in that building
haha. At least this time it's not about crazy people
Hah!! RT No force on Earth is more irresistible than cuteness. If Mussolini were a puppy you'd all be speaking Italian now.
Sorry Rainn I couldn't resist
Imperfections of the once flawless picture are clearer. Time to shake bad habits, drop past due balances, and let go of old acquaintances.
With my belly all happy now, I'm gonna pack for tonight! Party!
aww so cute! Have fun! :D
Its friday! :D gonna get down of friday.
#Beer Lovers Question of the Day: What is your favorite Wisconsin craft brew?
The trouble with the girls is they're so dang pretty....
You can also create ppt presentations with docs to go on the iPad.
What an effort by that ball girl.
Monday Tweetcast - highs in the low to mid 80s, scat'd storms develop later today. Some strong with wind/hail issues.
my fone died... nd wont turn on
As long as we got each other. We got the world spinnin right in our hands.
same here on the unfollow
#Boloco April Fools fail.
The "man of steel" went by the name #Stalin because it was catchier than Ioseb Besarionis dze Jughashvili.
A1 If you have a specialized skill, such as knowledge of a certain software, note its relation to salary ranges.
Coming downstairs and my parents telling me I made a boat load of money off my stocks.
Can't sleep!! Looks like another sleepless night for me :(
why no comment on Eli?
Thank you for heartfelt love who says, "It takes an enormous amount of willingness to love yourself and stay the course."
Any advice for my high school small group I lead? Discussing James.
Wow that's pretty cool. Where did you get that one?
Maybe they can duke it out.
Each argument is up to 90 minutes -- gov't rebuttal is about 20 minutes
When are Nicole and Austin getting back together?:( imma cry,,
Day five -still smoke free!
Great WHCD Photos Greg, Good Work!
like the technique used at the time was not rlly protected but I contact say anything as of now cause I haven't listened
Much of our stress is rooted in the level of thought. Drumming helps us focus attention towards other areas of our selves and experiences.
Tonight's GQ Reply all topics: How cheap is DeRusha? And what's your time worth?
“: A candidate for county commissioner just knocked on our door. Straight to the people. Kind of refreshing. #whatyearisit”/LOVE THIS
I told her to leave it alone !
its there!
I'm always late
GLEE Live at the Staples center!!!
I ALWAYS dream about meeting Austin. I just hope one day it will happen.
#ncph2012 #oah2012 “: RT : It's time for #GalleryNight and #GalleryDay in MKE. Lots to see all around town!”
The refs must be getting paid by the Miami Heat the NY Knicks playing 2 teams the Refs and the Heat
this jackass thinks me and you are trying to mess with her
are we hanging out tomorrow?
Also, I can come to your gym in the gold coast, if anyone needs a personal trainer. me and I'll get you a good deal
I love you so much. You are such a big inspiration to me! My 11:11 wish is to be noticed by you one day!
Bad kisser or bad dresser?
Think Like A Man made me hella optimistic.
Come use your Groupon at the B today (we will not be accepting them the weekend of HampdenFest (9/9-9/11) !!!!
awww I'm sorry 😥girl I was on long inland next time u can come😄
Oh, wrkng rltnshp just means being interviewed, submitting an article, speaking on a panel, helping us organize
i reaaaalllyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again.. i miss you.. meeting you was the best day in the world
Ha! It's an offer worth going back for! :) Nice to meet you too.
uh-oh. what are you supposed to do when you have a bloody nose?
you can on the one online
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 xx.
LOL. So True. Heard it so many times-> "I have a great idea for an app"
having earphones on and randomly go to a blog/site that contains music...man, it just really hurts my ears >(O_O)<
U BETTER NOT BE TALKING ABOUT MY MANN!!!!!! lol and Thanks but I took tht like 7 weeks ago lol
In 2010, 1,200 exabytes of data were created, and it’s doubling every 14 months.
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
Nm relaxing doing some work u??
RT if u wanna be in scooter's tinychat?
Yep. Told you we were "working on it". Baahahaha! Nother reason sayin goodbye to my El Cam. Won't take 4 campin w/trailer...sad...
BIG week coming up so another late Friday.
thanks for the favorite....hope you enjoy them.
ok....... when are you going to ring me?
Your smile
It Feels Beautiful Outside But It's Hot Af In Here .
I bet Osama Bin Laden accidentally hit the 'add your location' button during his last tweets.
WTF are "YOOman Rights"? Biden can't pronounce his "H"'s. More ramrod talk. #MTP #evict44 nobama #NoRamRod #noBigStick Can't Watch.
i know just let him live his life
what about yo?
hehe glow sticks and flashlight tag :) blind makeovers boas and tiaras ;) sound great or what?
#OnTheWay2Brooklyn Lets go bro DM ya info.
RT : RT : MYTH: a teacher must be an expert in using Technology to use it with kids.
So did you hit up the strip last night? Where did you go?
thanks for following me:)
Black Keys: Big band in small times Given the expansive economies of the ‘90s, it was no wonder that stripped-down, gutbucket guitar-and-
At my brothers house going to finish my blog tomorrow x then im going to my friend house x probably take Tink w/ me
#popcorn #fact- Americans consume 16 billion quarts of popcorn. That’s 51 quarts per man, woman, & child. - Courtesy of The Popcorn Board
Today's gift card winner is ELIZABETH GONZALEZ! Congratulations!
Hey twitter world. Go follow my boy cus he's a beast!!! And he follows back. And he owns a green bow tie.
If justin moces to miami he is taking everyone with hiim.
attempting to put together some sort of schedule for #ala11 ...let's see how this goes!
I got a package from Australia today! How fun is that!
Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90% of all your happiness or misery.
DBAA. Don't Be An Asshole.
malachi 2:2-3 (god threatening to spread feces on those who dont honor him. lovely. and totally unworthy of worship if he did exist.)
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
lol apparently it means one of my followers
Nordic skiing at the Gold Run Nordic Center tomorrow! Come celebrate the winter with the Summit Nordic Club and Team Summit Colorado
it would make my day if you followed me!!
when/where/what/who??? PJ on keys?
Cleaning my room to the Les Mis soundtrack
So good seeing my buddy tonight!
That was a beautiful first catch, Bryce.
Theres guy on the bus thats just so freaking cute. His Eyes <3^.^
agreed! Just bc he is a likable university pastor does not mean he is qualified to lead an academic institution
Where did you all go?
Very true RT : Don't fuck with someone's feelings just because you're unsure of yours.
thanks for the forward!
Saturday I'm going to be at Keller's, 2912 Eubank NE, from 1-4. Come by and get some sauce!
Seriously if u want 100,000 followers follow !
Search terms that led people to my website: Trump's unethical business practices; more money for us fuck you; duke coach angry; broken piano
You're not quite satan. But I reall think I hate you.
#TuesdayThrowdown kiddies! What's the Best Drink Name? Send your suggestions our way for your chance to win!
People are gathering at the temple site in Wilmette, north of Chicago, under a big white tent.
Some people on dancing with the stars need to seriously leave.
#bestintheworld is Chris Jericho, let's be honest, he's been there longer, had a much bigger impact than cm punk back than, champion
I guess it's ok. I personally have a hard time with it.
Get me back down south
Rainy weather is perfect for sleeping
No one want's to look at you unless your famous, and you can't get famous unless a lot of people look at you. Now what are you going to do?
People are so annoying. Keep your mouth shut and mind your own business.
Maybe that's why my relationships don't work,I force it too much.
I have lethal fingers. I turn on my tablet computer. Nada. I try to install a graphics tablet so I can draw. Not recognized.
Thank you, Jesus, for salvation and forgiveness! Getting ready for Easter sunrise service.
Playing on
Promises mean everything. But, after they are broken, sorry means nothing
hello guys :)
good to meet u too. Good to find another at #smdaydc for the same, right reasons.
mixing the colors.
Good morning swag
: Getting ready for your slate of seminars on Wine 101 & the Wines of Portugal? We can't wait!
No #snow here in sunny Miami.
awesome. Sandy to follow is perfect lineup.
All of the NIKE throwbacks that will be worn in 2012 will be in
It would be nice if you actually cared about my feelings, and didn't just play with them
thx for tweet love. What did you have and your bottomless beverage of choice was?
My favorite #dadquotes is 'You gotta pay the piper' Why does he get compensated for my good times?
#Stapleton CrossFit has 3 relay teams running to support the Colfax Community Network!
Hey there right back :) Nice to meet you Edsel :D
haha Jacobs spam
Im gonna hold you to that!
Oh yes, its Tebow Time!
hey can you please follow me back? It would mean a lot to me! :)
That's a beautiful one. Love Rumi.
Just saw you on Entertainment Tonight. 100 pounds and 10 dress sizes! Gorgeous on the catwalk. Will miss you on Dancing...
Got me some Wayne Shorter on the Jam box, finished my morning rehearsal, thinking about either making some art or cleaning the house.
Alright, you've convinced me. Stick your arm out...lemme see.
What? RT : tell Mike TO GO TO HELL!
A bitch gone be a bitch.. A hoe gone be a hoe..
Curled my hair like victoria:-) I did a pretty good job!
But after that game, they should pay him whatever he wants
The awkward moment when you see a picture of a radio personality and they look nothing like the image in your head. #showbizshellyiswhite?
Got a finals week reference shift coming up in a bit. PLEASE let me answer the dorkiest citation questions! It's my favorite thing!
right! It's so unbelievable!
#BKhavemeyourway going home tomorrow! i can't wait! hello
“: Announcers: "Just a lazy game all around" for UWRF. #Edgewood up 62-40 with just over 5 min to go #d3h” glad I turned vol off!
This Saturday at Tumbleweed Connection (454 E. Main. St., Dayton, OH), 9:45pm.
"He knows Bibby's game" - Harlan...Meaning he knows Bibby has been washed up for 5 years & buried him on the bench
I enjoyed going to the home opener, but put on a much better show. I love going to
so in the mood for a conference of some sort, preferably involving beer. or wine
i can haz presentation?
well shay got a car now so imma b there for sure. u need to cum wid us (:
We need to get over adding "female" before "leader." Stuller: And also lose "male" before "nurse" or "prostitute."
hope Spurs win on the road at Utah, and Thunder ends Mavs' season.
i had a good bday yesterday
smh watch the damn game!
thanks for your youtube videos - - finding v useful. is there a resource u rec detailing attaching Frosts Ext. to hotend?
I am so tired of dumbassFeds hacking as a tool of introduction I asked a tutor privately; crazies come out of the woodwork trying2talk to me
Want to win a private catering for you and 20 of your friends? Next time you come in ask about how to get started on your !
I miis my boo
what did you want to talk to me about yesterday? Call me after 11:50 if you can
Follow me back babe
This is the second consecutive year w/o an eastern division team in the
#BackInElementarySchool the bf and gf were saying hi to each other and maybe getting to hug her after a month.
Sunday night at the movies in langhorne
Not half as tragic as your career.
You know i was just kidding. -.- Im not even a hype beast.
I don't get why ppl don't know that they smell like shit. They have bad friends
you on my twitter???.....lol
hahahaha I cant deal with you now. Im taking a nap. Night Night twitter
I love me
are your two oldest sons twins? I wish I could see you and help you with accomplishing your goals.
RT : "If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door."~ Milton Berle
How many weapons are there?
I want instrumental versions of all Bullet For My Valetine's songs pls
The winner has already been selected. You're in luck -- we're starting another one of these contests soon for the new year.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho You secretly want to kill but it's family so you can't.......
Ackee n sawfish cornbeef n corn meal porridge wit fried dumplings.... Good Morning
Sunglasses, neon tank top, leggings. Pretty much describes every female on campus right now
My mommy just said she wants to bite idris elba lips off his face lol
so I'm not the only 1 with a countdown! Biggest manny fan at spring training though!
I have 34 followers, I'm fucking popular, ya heard?!
Mark Belinsky presents Handheld Human Rights, a project that aggregates text messages to visualize and construct a narrative timeline
Happy New Year for those who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah!!
great metaphor. MT : I've found curators are often kind of first-responder scholars.
Verizon. But first try a complaint via the AG. Also worth raising on Verizon's FB page. Both are free. :)
haha I know!! We were like I'm gonna get drunk and dance with Cody onstage!! Haa
like the new logo! Fresh!
drove right thru the thick fire smoke on 440. Couldn't see a thing.
Barbara's is one of those amazing minds...
Why is the album "Give you the Ghost" by Policia so good? How have I not found them before? Why are they playing turner hall right now?!
This is SO DC! Love it! "English Basement." Anacostia! Blah-blah-blah! : ) Hope you are enjoying every quarter of it!
Cracker Barrel?
everything had a number...a car was 414, a pipe that leaked was 562..and 527 could mean lucky 7 (5+2) or a murderess..interestin huh?
i still and always will own you in john madden though
We've got a great vibe and high energy in the office! Our #OpenSource Team just placed another candidate!
it was great seeing you as always and thank you for dinner.
First day not shooting in three weeks and looking forward to READING A BOOK!
Shout out to my boys bring home another ship to SC
OMG!! i can't wait untill it comes out JB i love you!!!!!!!!!! <3333
is that criminal justice majors make sense?
That awkward moment when you put a lot of pressure on coal and it doesnt turn into pearls. &
Apple can replicate the problem in their lab - some sort of network error. "Be patient and try again later."
"If you can't excel with talent, triumph with effort." --Dave Weinbaum
Enjoy your holiday weekend!
First phase, yes.
just missed u man! Let's get up tomorrow.
“Meanwhile, in Shanghai … (berlin)” « Resonance – European ...
”When the power of Love Over comes the Love of power , the world Will know Peace.” - Jimi Hendrix
The democratic process does not work when moral issues & those dealing with the fundamental structure of society are crowded forward.
KC Beans on stage now at The Paige Haas Benefit
I've been putting off going to Target for about a month now and I'm not really sure why.
A barrell of monkeys doesnt sound fun at all
BELIEBER FOR LIFE I WILL ALWAYS HAVE BIEBER FEVER
yes. He was hired yesterday.
list me
Predictive analytics can predict future behavior but only accurate in aggregate like for community, not for individuals
I'm jealous.
nice maybe we'll run into you one of these Saturdays! Thanks for sporting the shirt!
C'mon Utah, you can beat Washington.
Web 2.0 Keith Rabois at square - NFC payments - hardware of the transaction matter due to card present
I passed four ogts
yeah just keep trying. I still need Tyler, Sarah, and Andrew
IDK why I just listened to Whip It by Devo....
Wish today was friday!
I've [told] the NYPD, [when] a child is found in a bar, grill or cabaret, to arrest the party responsible, preferably the proprietor. [1944]
Just dandy. How are you, young lady?
RT "This new poverty is not who you think it is, its families, ppl w/degrees who can't get out from under it" -
and at the same location this time!
Vinny, a tweet from you is like a tweet from Michael Jackson, impossible :(
Your physically match an angel, but your personality matches a demon.
Purchase a 10 pack of single private pilates classes for $350. Reg. $450. Offer good until noon today. 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
is not an advice column. it's a place where i share MY opinions. if you have issue with that- start your own blog.
Hey Jill! Will we see you at our May 18th event? Look forward to catching up!
Finished my extra credit :)
Seattle Book Summit June 1st more info soon
Follow up doctors visit after goin 2 the ER on tuesday
I failed...
Madre no hay más que una / Mom, there is only you.
miss you more babygirl...cant wait til im not super ill so I can see you lol
Um they better lol Imma talk to them early so there wont be no problems
About to make lunch for my baby, GM everyone :-)
maybe can you send me a resume
I could prob pull that off. Btw wife out of town - no designated driver. You in Tom. Afternoon?
Yay - Congrats! RT : I'll literally be done with grad school in a matter of minutes. Thanks !!
I agree, most people dont even know what hes about they just think its cool to get on the bandwagon. get a clue first.
winter is coming
RT if you saw the Teen Choice Awards
Best tip-drill ever.
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
It is estimated that 30% of adults and 40% of children suffer from nasal
I don't feel good bleh;(
1121-You Have A Pretty Smilee! :D I'll ship yuu with Louis T. !
We have a new office space in a fantastic open office in SoHo. Very excited about the space and the people in it!
thought so 😏
I am good. I love your pic.
pop starlet parody on college humor gave me a braingasm in my cerebral-erotic zone's feelings pouch & Weird Al' bar is raised
I love a good thunder and lightning storm. #GoodVsEvil having a slight argument
then you tell me when
LOL...Will u accept change and monopoly money???
Who's seen Thor? What did you think?
I can give her both. She'll play it so others can hear it
I would want to play
There's nothing like watching a group of 5th graders pose for their author photos.
OTL saying Kobe isn't really clutch he's 7-27 in the 4th in the playoffs all time
Peer to peer youth coalition
9News tonight doing a story on male manopause? Really? Or is this new hype to jumpstart another drug?
because there was a leper to con on the other side.
lol yes please!
with no assistance from management!
In a world where everyone has an opinion& i'd be the first to admit i'm no different, cool reading the thoughts of guys whove been here b4
RT : Coming up at 9 on on WBXH ch 16 or cox cable ch 9-meet "Da Future." u may hear their song soon in Tiger Stadium.
You know what maybe just go tweet your boy Patrick play grab ass with him !!!
It's looking like the fashion show is a go! Excited to be creating new body chains for it!! Thanks again !
FCC releases study arguing against AT&T's acquisition of T-Mobile The FCC agreed to allow AT&T ( NYSE:T ) to pull its application for
Passion alone will not change your world.
on sale now
Can't wait to Eat!
Mega-nutrients, Augmentation Therapy-sometimes known as Orthomolecular Medicine uses supplemental minerals, vitamins & etc from your Vet
No Problem, here to help!
i used to have a roleplay account on fb :)
Tue Oct 18th 7P Metuchen Friends of the Library Annual Meeting-Guest Lecturer Walter Stochel Jr on "More Secrets of the Grimstead Room"
when will we meet again?
wish I could have joined u at sip serve and celebrate. On the board but out of town....thanks for the support
I was quietly optimistic about my Lions. Now Im thinking they could take GB.
Common intellectual experiences allow students to communicate with one another outside of class more easily
Mahomies love and support Austin unconditionally, unquestionably, indefinitely, and infinitely, with no strings attached, beyond doubt. ♥
Like I almost passed out omg lol!
go look in the mirror. did it break? no, cuz ur beautiful.
ndependent artists can now afford to have your music mixed by a top major label mixing engineer - Mix Engineer...
waiting for my invite but the concept seems great, lots of people I know need this & would use it
Anyone can have a waffle once in a while, but it takes a real hero to ONLY EAT WAFFLES! (jk - please don’t eat only waffles)
aye yo I am at worko
thank you for making me almost throw up in my mouth. I love me some croque but don't think I can eat anything for the next week.
Ready to start this Bucks/Heat game, hope we can get the sweep!
#NationalBurgerMonth + #FF = Burger Follow! CHICAGO: Earn rewards by checking with #Belly at
they look like there all jammed up on that show!!!
WHITNEY HOUSTON TRIBUTE??? WE HOPE SO.......
Hi. nice to meet you too.
That's good to hear.
The only reason I think it will is because the selection committee pulled the same thing with Michigan back in '06
How do you choose just one?!
You provide the most inappropriate conversations for the office.
Tonight on #CriminalMinds blondes don't have more fun!
BITCH..IM #UVE TILL DA DEAF OF ME!
Three women in their 20's got moved FARTHER from the airport gate b/c a marine is being greeted...something doesn't fit...
Eating delicious birria tacos at Our Lady's festival.
Thorny question of physical appearance in casting elicits varied responses from panelists in academic vs. professional settings.
Leaving work to only realize you have to be back in less then 12 hours.
let our string quartet serenade your special event!
Im sexy and i know it. Dont hate, I need the self-esteem.
welcome to twitter!
Decorated my christmas tree =}
A: Pay attention to #trends, take something popular and apply it -
aw, it's Lake Winnie! :)
I'm feeling decent....
“: Looks like a book I would like to read!” // I highly recommend it.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommies out there! So glad mine made me open minded, empathetic and color-blind!
#DontTalkNoMore if you can't use proper grammar.
What a garbage flagrant foul call!!!
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
Makeup? Nowadays, it's more like cake-up. -_-
yes, which was news to me until a few minutes ago, so I'm running out to get something for my ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
where the heck are you?
have a good day!
Ltf is coming up
So I reversed the question then they wanna read a script from the Bible. I'm sorry man I don't have time for that
Is there an app 2 find girl scout cookies? They're not at my bank or the super market. Mama needs a box...or 2.
Cody Simpson and Shane Harper follow me, love these guys:)
This school day is way too long :/ I need to relax tonight..
lol my She She being real lol I miss you babes
Twisted tea and softball. ⚾👍
....all of my childhood dreams have just been crushed.
The are straight frightening.
Happy Easter, Philly!
glad to see ur pic back to normal
So excited for the ESPN Pre-draft party tonight!!
Take charge and mean it .
what's up
oh damn that's wassup. Get at me later if your going out
hell yea
RT RT "may the odds be ever in your favor"
- thanks for the props!
had a blast with Brenda and my new friend at Kids Help CHOC :D
back from an awesome weekend and a monday consisting of 1 class :p i need to catch back up with twitter
y wuz austin sad on ustream??
Wind Farm Plan For Bronte&#39;s Wuthering Heights
studying for a big test during packing breaks. crazy busy in the Faber house w/ this move! house going on the market this week.
And a special thanks to for making me laugh harder than I have in a really long time
it's okay. It happens to every guy...
Add me on faceebook!! Angelica Grand Martinez.
FaceTime why must you disconnect from wifi! was just about to show me her boobs!
Thanks of Devil's Hand fame for the
Thank you very much! We appreciate you taking the time to check it out! Keep in touch! <3
I'm going spinning Thursday morning at 9:30!
3 days (a daily ritual) #JanesAddiction you seduce me like a vampire w/your playing-suck me in and leave me wanting more!
He's on the list...
#phdadvice #musicology conference wear in US: suits. In UK & pop music or grad confs: smart casual.
I just put a worm to death by way of the garbage disposal. I'm a terrible person.
Go to iTunes and get ya a copy of the hit single "WOP" by
Interesting discovery while using VMware Labs Onyx Fling to capture SOAP calls: The VI client's VM console needs httpS (it's VNC)
My hometown of Rosendale is on TV tonight, and it's not speed trap related, it's the other thing, farming. Only in America at 8 on History.
it's ok, thanks for coming :)
Read Josh Hamiltons book a few months ago. An amazing story that shows that God and family always perserverse.
Tweeting nonstop when your supposed to be doing algebra hw..
"artist publishing" a more encompassing view of "artist books" -Tony White
ツ o wee baby!
got that right! #Sacrifice and #Endanger for the cause! Lol
The #EmbassyofSA African Heritage Celebrations features entertainment from across the globe now on stage #Rwandan dancers!
hello lovely lady wishing you a great rest of the week!
Whats your must have styling tool?
Sick of having this needle in my arm.... I've had a needle in my arm since about 8am. Twelve hours. -_-
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's learning to dance in the rain.
Happy Friday from the show! We're talking NBA playoffs, NFL Draft class signees, baseball and more. 888-640-9385 to get in.
test tweet
You should open the jeraboam -- you'll enjoy it!
Dan Arkush always gets good value. Has never had a bad team in the 20+ drafts we've done in all the years I've been at PFW
DM the contact
B2B vs. B2C is not as different as 1 might think. All about building relationships w/PEOPLE who your company can help.
#shoutout is gorgeous...hope she will #follow me back...
Thanks for the birthday wishes!! I love you all oh so much!!! <3
Gonna march w/the Occupy PSU folks for my story today. Naturally it's frackin' cold and rainy. Frickety frack.
maybe tonight ill call you after my blood turns into alcohol..
what kind of face is that? ahaha
I'd feel much better if were up, say, 6-0. And if there were 54 seconds left.
Waiting on Texas Gov. Rick Perry's press conference in less than 15 min. Will be tweeting. Stay tuned.
Whats up man, can we get a follow... Orphanz™
Hey where are your favorite places to EAT?!
Man us girls go through so much
Michael Douglas should be a perfect reminder why she should.
haha , don't get to carried away tho, you won't het anymore points ;D
The Vanilla Raspberry Wheat is less than a day away. Sweet!
Hell yeah. A fine ass girl like u following me makes my night. To celebrate, Ill "research" your work online...
Day 4 Daniel 21 day fast and feel great!
also, the original version Kindle--you'll probably want that for your eyes, not the Fire--is just $79 these days. Such a steal.
But I can see now that ImmortalTech was the more aggressive in that exchange, so my apologies for suggesting otherwise.
let's get drunk when you are back in Chicago. South side !!!
Hey there, darlin'!
Poppin in da hood with homie g d. We got too much swagger here
my head has been in the cloud so long, I almost forgot 'apt-get upgrade' brought along kernel updates...
a man of my own heart.
We're coming back with giveaways this week, stay tuned!
That was only the hardest exam ever. For easy material? Thanks professor
Howlin Wolf... so much soul.
Goo Punch! Alright now! Goo Punch! All the ladies! Goo Punch! Everybody!
gotta get on this basketball ref stuff really hard. . its not a game
CJ pulls the finest hoes... he's been taking notes from blake
I didn't see anything suspect. It just suddenly picked up out of nowhere
nah but thankss:)
it looks awesome from the otherside of the window...
Thank YOU, Chef Mike! You are an inspiration to us. Keep those delicious recipes comin'!
took a mixtape...turnt it to a mansion (tru)
Yes. It is. You have a good point to make but have been left on your own to make it. My jab wasn't really about you.
I literally screamed with happiness for Chloe she's so talented. Love her! (:
Yo my arms are mad vascular I feel like the hulk
well good luck !
truth in advertising, how refreshing :) big fan of that brewery. cheers!
Thanks :)! hope you'll have an Awesome weekend too :)!
RIP Manute Bol, Golden State Warrior Great!
Thx for the follow! Love your salads! Looking to get some buzz going on ? I've got great deals for them!
I want it so badly for my office chair, but it looks like they only come in a set of two! :(
*hugs u tighter*
God, you?!
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
nice I might be there in Oct actually (used to live there so visiting friends) ...have fun! that's the prettiest time
lmao She ain't got no nipples!!!
The car has become an article of dress without which we feel uncertain, unclad, and incomplete. -Marshall McLuhan
I want to feed her sexy dark chocolate cake.
yahoo! Congratulations
that's the sweetest thing ever.
If an official looks forward & works hard on big things he becomes immune to the political cooties. It doesn't harm you in the least. [1945]
Damn. That's some work. You deserve some sort of an award. But 25! Jesus.
Great explanation from of revision of introductory bio courses at Chicago Math and Science Symposium
#oomf Is just too hilarious!!!
Hi, welcome to Abercrombie. Our sizes are: Small, X Small, Anorexic, Bulimic, and Malnourished.
M smells like $3 tacos and $3 Coronas down here at Lincoln's, come on by for a great Taco Tuesday deal!
Dont see too many pucks go through the net!
EVERYTHING. ALSO I MISSED YOU.
What you crazy.. he cant hold jeff teague, rondo or jrue holiday
You were not kidding about not being able to sleep. What are you doing up?
&park #wheniwasyoung iuse to jump on my bed cause iwas mad at my parents and the next day i come home to cold milk n cookies
thank you and good night.
sorry it was accidentally saved in an old twitter app. I deleted it within a couple of seconds...
Tech City doesn't offer enough incentives for tech entrepreneurs - please provide opportunity.
It's Grammy night! 3 yrs ago, Coldplay's "Viva La Vida" won Best Rock Album, which featured a famous Delacroix painting on the cover
Two tryout slots open for tomorrow? Any takers?
Matthew Hartnett "By Roman Hands", now in a second edition from Focus. Worth your time.
Rawr! Hope you're doing well! :)
“: Hey Andi do you do write ups on artist?” sometimes
THE BOND by Wayne Pacelle (head of USHS) was featured on Oprah last Friday, animal welfare books continue to expand in popularity.
what's a Jingle Ball, Carlos?
Thanks for the thanks! Hope you can help us spread the word on helping kids with cancer!
I am so sorry! I didn't mean to kill you! At least... you'll feel better now :)
Michelle O: No one should have to choose between going bankrupt or providing health care for a loved one.
Thanks to everyone at the / speakers and attendees for another great event #lscon !
"It's really nice how some people can make you smile, just by thinking about them"
Very proud of this.
ebony, I love you.
so about me googling that...
now you're just somebody that i used to know.
I'll be watching for tweets from you and others at #lea2011 #lea11 Have fun and learn a lot!
Take care of the little things, the big things fall into place.
dear lord above! Hallelujah!
That's Jamal... Darned auto correct...
Okay. Then don't listen to that. Lol. Listen to MikeyWhiskeyHands- Sex, Drugs and Whiskey Hands.
part I oops forgot put mix in a saute pan with 1 tbsp olive oil and slightly brown the mixture for about 5 minutes,then use
Let's go Pacers
