Got in safely!! Now relaxing before a shoot later today
N meet WEALTHY people doing awesome things not jus existing but LIVING
Just got my copy of MAKE in the mail, and you're on the cover! Congratulations! Great articles.
oh, that's me then! ;D
Today is not my day.
Well this is why I don't drink coffee at 7pm. Whoops.
Hello tweople!!! What's the bitnezz???
nope :( I'm hoping to get it back soon though!
Not true. You're stupid.RT : The fat girl sits alone while the thin girl is always surrounded by friends.
We're glad to do our part!
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen";..............
RT mad track! we're also active with reggaeton / dancehall y house productions and rap music: holla for b...
It's really weird that my phone connected to Starbucks wi-fi as the bus drove by. Uh… (I've never connected to their network on this phone.)
Good luck to all runners. Gorgeous day, much prettier views than original Marathon to Athens route!
Chief Almur Suri is providing an overview of how the Amazon forest must be protected and restored for indigenous people using mapping.
Wow didn't actually think you'd go through with it.
niggas dont REALLY feed into that, do they? im light skin & im rough as hell. and i know some soft dark skin people.
Very excited for an evening of Shackleton, "dynamic tableaux vivants," and puppetry at Arts Emerson!
Deb Howes interviewed by Kate Snow on NBC Nightly News on Google Art Project feature story!
Why is Charles Barkley dressed like a woman in the #weightwatchers commercial? LMFAO !!!
RT I'm just gunna stick to me. And that's the way it'll be
yup x)
like, I guess she didn't know who she was messing with...smfh...that girl deserves to have her ass kicked...
This week I'm reading The Leftovers by Tom Perotta, so so good.
Amazon's never given my dog treats. Not once.
3 of 4 primetime games to start...Steelers 2X's in 3 weeks and a trip to SD in between...ouch
Yeah that thing is nothing but a toy, I was ready to order 5.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
You didn't like the one I think you didn't like right?
Funny ass video with me and my friend comin soon. Just messin around no drugs or alcohol involved. Hard to believe once you see it!!! Lol
Just saw a dude with the classic "Mom" tatt on is arm.
The sun is shining so prettily! I can feel Spring. Happy Hump Day!!!
Yes!!!! RT : Yep! Watch out music city! Here I come! Haha! I think I might have some tix for you ;)
Ah, Red Saturday. The day when we all put leftover Thanksgiving cranberries on our breakfast cereal.
RT : What an inspiration you are! So happy for all your accomplishments....hope you win it all! Amen!
Being low on cash muny funds... Makes this guys diet go a lot easier!
Where is THE FOOD
Thanks, man—appreciate it. Glad you had fun at our demo day!
I have a happy husband since #UK won tonight. Me? I'm just ready for football season
I WAS planning on Cadets this summer, but now I don't think thats an option...life without guard is pretty much scary... :/
Listening to Dr Bridget Landry talk about the Dawn mission.
Whoever Haven't seen Da Clip for Ma FAV New Heart Attack Video go Watch Dat Jant ASAP!! Cause it's Da BEST. #BONG!!!
good night my beautiful angel :)
We have #Karaoke tonight at 10! Sing a song and get a FREE SHOT!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool dang it, I should've gone to bed sooner 😔
Going to share this on my FB page Dayne. "hope" and "talk" are both killers of drive in my opinion
Puff, puff, pass.
Big Play Brad! The fake at Iowa last year and drawing the contact tonight, Nortmann has been huge in booking us two trips to Rose
thanks for the RT! Let me know when have a show/opening/event & I'll help get the word out :)
that's cause me, and dont like you....
Feeling the pain but in a fabulous mood! #VeryGoodDay :)
couldn't have said it any better myself :)
Yes...yes.. and a few birthdays =-)
Once we have completed the move from film and plastic, to the web and online TV, will we still have commercials? What do you think #Netflix?
i want to check getting contact high at a and Wiz concert.
RT for 60% off a week package of all access members picks today only!
What a great but rainy and cold day. Let's pray for some snow.
my bad for the earlier tweet. Should have considered your privacy before doing so. My sentiments are still the same. Removed.
we will improve! But can you imagine what it was like when students enrolled by phone just 10 yrs ago?(touchtone not smartphone)
Video 10 is up
Oh, please tell me you'll be out in Balto tonight!
Tired, bored, and school tomorrow<<<<<
I though Ellen was a BIG deal and had huge ratings. Her ratings are 3-million & Maury (who's the baby daddy) gets 3.2-million viewers? Ouch
Go with pink slippers, sometimes black stands out too much
Serve's found out today that its "Turn A Life Around" campaign is a finalist for the Silver Anvil Award.
Loving the weather lately
Enjoying your astro-insights, as always, Molly Most people don't realize we get zapped by incoming solar flare (CME) energy!
its all good though.... the freestyle was a monster though.....
It's an older movie but it's Heeeelarious I know you will like it :-)
Arena Tomorrow
Train in Vain. Always. RT : What are your karaoke songs?
was that Heat victory today more to your liking?
i hear ya.
!! live her
Looking for a romantic spot for to take your Valentine? Try Dobson's. We suggest you start with the mussel bisque under puff pastry.
Ordered a mcdouble from mcdonalds and they gave me a double breakfast sausage patty on a bun....
Thanks for the tip! you always have good ones.
Gonna go learn shit on the piano at Devon's. We got class.
I want to be a psychologist, but I kind of already am, because I know every reaction a human has to every situation now.
RT": Honesty is a expensive gift don't Accept it from cheap people"
and to your point: we need to change the conventional notion that black-on-black crime occurs more often that white-on-white.
awe yeah <3 love you guys :)
jamie is poking ass!
Bye.;D
WHERE CAN I BUY TRACKS?
Indeed!!!!!!!! I proceed to smoke weed!!Never Have I want, Never have I need!! Snoop
oh dont worry about me.. i'll just keep everything inside.
are you at tastee diner?
Just finished performing
can it be an old dog that was never replaced ? sniff sniff :(
Steel J of the EWHC dismisses appeal in Pineway Ltd. case concerning an application for pre-action disclosure: [2010] EWHC 1143 (Comm).
the only thing I'll be sorry about is that I was your friend and I wasn't put in your will.
I'm looking for a Java developer that has experience w/ eCommerce. Competitive pay and benefits. Locate right in center-city!! 267-765-6100
can't follow until 2morrow reached my limit.
Headache from hell:/
#Glad tommorow is gonna be Friday ;)
@ Starbucks enjoying a frapachino :b
A truly excellent TV series. A shame it is ending, but it was a great five year run.
thanks, should be a blast! Excited to support such an important cause that affects so many.
wow i need water that's to spicy
one of our players, got a goal from 60 meters out from the awkward angle, it was the most amazingest goal i had ever seen !
ANKASA Soho opens tomorrow at 11am! Stop by and see us at 424 Broome Street!
PLEASE STOP.
Sitting at home bored what can i do
Man, there are a LOT of bitchy, whiny, crying-like-a-baby #Vandy fans on twitter tonight. Sorry bitches...you'll never be UK!
My ears have not popped yet. I've tried yawning, blowing my nose and chewing gum.
lol where at i just washed mine
Thanks to everyone who made it to dinner tonight! We hope you had fun getting to know other grad students and catching up with old friends!
hey dude how are yu! hope all is well. im a fan of yours so i though id reach out.
Who is in the library and has a highlighter they are willing to lend?
merry all of them!
We don't officially know the facts that Das ruled on, sure, but he ruled independently based on whatever they were.
Find myself saying "it's not as funny as Step Brothers" a lot. The bar is set.
My only response to that tweet: KITTY!!! :D
28 degrees is a rude awakening!
thanks for following! Make sure you check out our Facebook page and download "Mess of Me" for free! = )
yes mam! you can vote once a day!
Three of each.
HAHA. Too funny. I stand corrected. I guess they are willing to edit the bible after all :).
Happy Holidays to all....Tell us your New Years plans??
Send all beats to
Riverside County Bd of Supes has subpoenaed a med pot dispensary owner and activist near #LakeElsinore to force him to shut down.
www.mikecurtisfootball.com/hof-campaign-fan-letter.html Go to link & support Mike Curtis for induction into the Pro-Football Hall Of Fame
Has wax museum gone too far with Anne Frank figure?
Btw major US banks oppose the same capital requirements. Why?
Agreed! Good times!
"problem is Stagnation in educational attainment is uniquely an American Phenomenon!" -MR
Just read all the book and can't wait to see the movie! Its going to be even cooler, now that your on the soundtrack!
I fell worthy of every kiss I laid upon you for in each of them went part of my heart.
Nice... thanks for the #FF!
Only 11 more to go! Get us to 600 "likes" and the new song will be posted! It's pretty awesome so tell a friend or two about us!!
I TOTALLY ROCKED TODAY.
my first #followfriday of the day - because she is hilarious. wish it was gin o'clock.
THe beautiful producer in U.S.A
On the way to Reagan airport at this crazy hour. Goodbye DC. It was a blast!
Where in #Altamonte is Wheat Berry Cafe? And what type of food is it?
When Dave let's you get subway for dinner cause he realizes we have no food >>
Miracle berries are the shit!
No problem, it happens. Anything good coming up on the right coast? I need an excuse to come get more crab cakes.
#OOMF is lookin real sexy tonight....
Did my 5, your turn please? <3
Remember it takes two ( or more ) to tango! Check out the sit!
Got through the 1. day of fasting. Made my own juices with lot of vegetables and little fruit. Thank god they are really tasty!
Can't stop the clock only willing to stop for love.
my dude!
Every time I stare at you, I wonder "Why would my best friend like you?" But I don't know, I'm no Sherlock Holmes.
Was I the only one that got a fence from Peter Warman? I'm flattered!
Do you like Caribou Coffee? Check out their Facebook page, they have a BOGO treat today only!
I KNOW JUST ABOUT EVERYONE IN #RVA GOT THEIR #TATTOOZ FROM SO SEE HIS CREATION #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE TONIGHT AT THE KINGDOM
Seriously? RT : Last wk! RT : Bill Daley tells ABC News that he resigned last week , as first reported by LAT
he looks like a giant Jayson Williams
wish ma wishes could come true!
RT : RT : More than 231 000 students received #Erasmus grants to study or train abroad in 2010-11 –a new record,...
USPTO Dir Kappos: AIA wouldn't have happened if universities and the tech sector hadn't come together as they did.
#1534 like your username!! :) say hi to your husband btw;) ♥
May I recommend BOS? :)
omg i love!!
Don't wanna finish my script...#FUCKIT 😒😔
Listened to two episodes tonight. Great recommendation. The recent one about lucid dreaming freaked me out a bit.
can you help us identify a compelling student/human interest story about diversity in the NY area? DM us for details!
I guess you lose some and win some , long as the outcome is income...
I hiked the negro Bill canyon last summer. It was awesome
it's between the small & large size LoL
How have you been Patti? Long time no talk!
Aw yeah. Grace and I are opting for a little hotel-motel-holiday-inn action.
Try my lady's (Anu Prestonia) salon Khamit Kinks - www.khamitkinks.com
15 minutes until show time. I am smushed in the crowd and beer less. Thank god for iPhone.
follow me on alik_rainey its a more safer account thank you
Three reasons: 1. Ike's married. 2. Flo's married. 3. It's all up to Mitch (Glazer :).
i wonder if vietnam watches abdc.. i doubt it. but anyway im gonna b in vietnam tomorrow !! - Dumbo
He's growing so fast <3
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 291
We can always ask! And I guess the long-term usefulness of smartphones > that of many textbooks.
If you say you sing it, you better BRING IT!
Oh my lord idk when the last time was that I took a nap that felt that good
I've been sick for 2 days:(
Dyed my hair, nails are done, eyebrows too. Tomorrow, makeup and hair again.
i m italian
Beauty come from being truthful, but the truth is not always beautiful.
My mom and I do yoga together for relaxation. Our dogs hang out with us too; we call their participation "doga," lol.
#YOLO you only live one .. until you get pregnant. then #YOYO. you on yo own. (in the voice)
Yeah trick, yeah trick, my #SpringBreak is thee issh ! Jusst ready to go back to school thhooo' ! Missing my Mainns!
New MBA student lounge taking shape! TV today, paint next week, carpet soon. Student mailboxes, refrigerator, microwave, comfy chairs/desks
Based jesus
Whenever we say "reservation for Pachino" the guy always double checks to see if Al Pacino is a member of our party.
Manning says he's thrown the most to
We're your pet odor specialists for Austin and Central Texas!
clean water, nice view...I'm smiling just b'cuz lol
Thanks for this. One more reason why folks should read the Terms of Use of what they post.
naw im just use to being up this time of morning, i sleep all day
And now I have the house to myself for a week. Empeza la fiesta!!
How'd it go this weekend at provincials?
Excited to volunteer this afternoon
whoa you took a picture with your ipod and the caption is "suck my dick". you're too cool.
Hell Yeah... we should meet up. We are taking a group of friends. Paul is coming too.
we see that...twitter borin (follow mE )
If not in NYC, it'd have to be south Florida...
More tickets coming up at 7:32 tonight! Listen to to win!
Game 7, peeps. We're pouring at $2 off starting at 7. Come early, nab a seat in front of the tube and carbo-load for the game.
RT : Chattanooga started planning their first fiber deployment 15 years ago. Vision and persistence brings success.
yur just bitter cuz I hav more followers than u!
If it WASN'T SO PATHETIC, CNN's ATTACKS on ROMNEY's "bullying" would be enough to CRACK YOU UP.Can U say desperate
JESUS LOVES US ALL. (even the atheists)
Oh my gosh I know.<3 I miss you :'( And by the way I'm dating that French guy >:} I told you he'll be mine hahah! How are you?
is bummed she didn't win tix from kane...i call shananagans!! day 1 of half marathon training starts today!!whoo
Myself RT : the struggle, the hustle..who you do it for ?
Drunk people remind me of Pee Wee Herman meets Michael Myers from Halloween
Not a legacy to be proud of.
we're about to break up into groups of 6-8 people. Randy is giving us "ground rules"
can't wait! :D
S/O to for nearly killing me today.
How about top 10 ways new startups can do PR better with social media? wrap it up in a nice little package for them.
Awesome! RT : Congratulations to my beautiful perfect sister for getting into The EVMS Medical Masters Program!
I can't even look guys in the eye when they try to make moves on me... I swear all I want is you
Why we need to laugh: A keen sense of humor helps us to overlook the unbecoming, understand the unconventional.....
Hate to be so boring and talk about the weather but damn it's gorgeous outside. Maybe all the snow will melt. Almost there.
I think if a father figure i would hav ben rich by now...had to work at 14 to get dem j's and cloths i wuz rokin..but it made me a 24yr man
Hey :D Sorry I didn't get your message. I'm sick but I'll try to get on asap!
So my parents knows im bi but they makes it there mission to constantly down on the LGBT community. Just shut up already...
Hehe ... "they're #2 in the country"
Really excited that the NBA Playoffs are finally here!
you're freaking ADORABLE!
Today ends my fantasy team's (Ibaka Therefore I Am) 2 week battle with 's mighty Free Kevin Love. Split would be huge.
Some of my favorites. RT : The Grades of Wrath, Catch Her in the Classroom #edchat # litchat
Whosoever will let him come-Jesus said that..that means #GoToChurch! You my brother You my sister get there..God has something just 4 u!!
RT : Nike admits it's interested in moving into healthcare partnerships, stopping obesity, and gamified loyalty
Also, , and myself did not leave the hotel room until 5:30pm yesterday.
Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste.
The goal here is to take current movie titles and create mash-ups. Wanna post a visualization of the mash-ups? Go for it.
Or, white scholars just rip off scholars of color, think its & Bonilla-Silva's White Logic that names some...
I should. Waiting on last grade. Either way, I'm graduating tonight :)
If brand X's audience is that large, should it develop separate social media strategies for different target groups?
The ayphone has WAY too many volume settings. Ringer, music, alarm, headphones, etc. I'm an adult - one is fine.
You deserve it! You are welcome!(:
I've actually told a recruiter to count me out for a certain company, based on what I heard about the company culture/worklife
Golf in the morning, turkey feast in the afternoon, football all day, Charger blackout lifted, I'm thankful!
Don't you know a good cuddle buddy stimulates the mind?
After party for VMAs. Live celeb spotting. So far, at table with All American Rejects and next to Kelly Rowland.
Cason back in.
More business plan fun! According to KVR there are 2,217 software "instruments" in their database.
They might, but I CERTAINLY wouldn't. Are you already forgetting about my phobia?! :)
I really want to watch 10 Things I Hate About You now...
I'll clean your wounds tonight.<3
Sorry, #Deadline had the title wrong ;)
Really want to do a back packing trip through Europe in about a year
Why do you notice everyone in the world but me? :'/
Happy Easter everyone!
visit Antwerp - go to travel agency - enjoy the sun - eat McDo ... busy busy busy :)
Wow that was so funny brown sugar
Just saw a presentation of World War II it made me cry. I cant believe Mr. Nasser went through all of that this was a very nice experience.
Going with the #4 Kathmanblu and
- thanks! Girard is usually way under the radar….#solidchoice!
Oh boy, our new merch is coming in today! We'll have tanks (red and blue) and some crewnecks in TONS of sizes, get stoked!
How many of these Vikes' players who are at the Capitol today will still be on the Vikes' roster when the new stadium is ready?
not according to AT&T with iPhone.
I shook a monkey's hand today (:
My day has been incredibly entertaining today.. I even seen a old redneck woman with a cain cuss about another old woman while doin a jig.
the babies are with me now and I already had to set a no arguing on mother's day rule, so the tears seem laughable now!
awwh! what the hell did they do??
ok I'm on board.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co36 Dynamic IP PPTP/L2TP/SSTP server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
i have one big purse and lots of little ones
I apologize for retweeting everything he says, but is the truth.
Always -- I figured it'd be easier with a link :P
Never ending week!!
Great seeing you last night.
We are performing one of our songs on Balcony TV Nashville Today!!
Just because you know what I feel, doesn't mean you understand how it feels...
duh. of course.
Never show up to a dinner party empty-handed!
KimKardashian be my friend on face book.
Everyday. Story of my life.
federal employees make ~26% less than private sector employees, but Romney wants them to get a paycut or a pink slip: //huff.to/rVXMWp
I Hate Waking Up For School -.-
Thanks for the support! Hope to see you there!! :)
DON'T FORGET FRIDAY AFTERNOON CLUB TODAY! IT'S BEAUTIFUL OUT! COME ON DOWN FROM 3-5 FOR FREE BEER AND PIZZA!
this hasn't been discussed at all yet.
yes, I love it here! live with talented musicians and music is everywhere down here :)
Do you know we keep all VSU yearbooks & catalogs? Come visit Lindsay-Montague & remember college memories, friends, & family!
DC-3 was made in the 30s, over 10,000 more were made during WWII as the C-47. One of the most famous planes ever :)
Slow morning, why am i awake? -.-
ayy ! What time is it someone lmaoo ..
#KennedyCenter Honors tribute. So good! So good! Congrats!
did you guys have to evac?
I mean, scripture talks abt faith the size of a mustard seed... :-)
You will never see life so clearly as when you learn to look at life through the eyes of others, and not just your own.
thanks for retweeting us and helping to spread the word about BrewCityBites!
Using to track my sleep quality and hours of sleep. This is fun.
Oh what are you making! And I'm sure you'll look adorbs tomorrow!
so awesome! Hope you ladies are having a fabulous start to a great weekend!
#TheBestSocialMediaBootCampEvah roadshow is heading down to the #BigEasy in August, taking #Hashtag suggestions!
I hate that everything I cook turns out so friggin spicy!
Without health, there is no point. To anything.
Quick! Any D1 Football program with some bad news, now is the time to release it.
Hey #Madison, where are the freaking snow plows?!
If you have any questions I'd be glad to help :)
#northuis Like timeline approach. Very nice. Easy to understand. Other part has nice bal of space, images, and text.
sometimes my mother can be such a pain. -.-
I appreciate the follow...doneRT : Follow back
Being interviewed on KIPO 89.3FM's show The Conversation The Gemini Duo's July 30th Recital at Hawaii Public Radio www.hawaiipublicradio.org
risk taking can be so satisfying
GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN - Cyndi Lauper to be at GWU Lisner this Wednesday Evening
ever share an notebook with a client? that is what I am aiming for.
I remember that assignment. I still think our group had an idea that worth exploring.
M Frito pie at Baja Taco in my hometown!
Like us on Facebook, please.
everyone please follow my buddy > she is very helpful, sweet, and cool
<-- has dongs on the brain :-)
Join the world for Earth Hour 2011 by switching off your lights at 8.30 p.m. on Saturday, March 26
Something about Nike skate shoes that I love so much!
its ridiculous
What's on your agenda this week?
This made me laugh. Am I a big runner? I'm 6 foot, and a buck fiftey, so I'd say yes. Mostly I love the way the wind feels to music
<------ i a following that person already
I ain't sayin' she's a Gold Digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke nigga's
hey where you at? I'm at a table full of ladies & dudes in front of the brew kettle. Love to meetcha!
RT : Cville folks: Please turn off lights & conserve power so it can be rerouted to the hospital. UVa email down. (via )
Read about you in Wired Magazine, followed you in Twitter, now have ordered the book. What marketing!
you can have her as long a s I get to eat the food.
glad you are digging it! Make sure to hunt down his mixtapes and listen to Groove Me by Maximum Balloon feat. TL
thanks for the mention.
haha I've always been a 'good' bad driver :)
Detective, during security orientation: "Here in Bal'more, you definitely need to keep your windows up and your doors locked."
Hitting the road for birthday weekend seeing in Asheville. Let's do this $h@!, Brian!
I'm a big fan of #Gruv on Broadway - sold a bunch there once and the payback was surprisingly high!
shades of Zeno: by the time you've caught up, things have moved on :-)
Let me take a stab at this one: vagina, cats, kittens, cat vaginas, murder, vagina, kitten spooning, sports. Am I close?
I know the feeling RT My phone is already running hot and #musesocial just started.
it amazing i love him he my bro
Apparently. Although I'm not sure I have ever finished work at 5, ever. :-)
and all I'm saying is that the trend to hate Yuni is far greater than how bad he actually was.
Thank you for #FF shouts
We're at Barnes and Noble (1939 Mount Zion Road Morrow, GA 30260) wrapping your gifts till 4!
We have a winner! Watch out for more trivia as we gear up for our Winter Festival.
I think he just needs reps. Really hadn't played OF regularly until last year.
Happy mother's day to all my good moms out there got nothing but love for ya
actually found the one thing I'm beating you at - tweet count.
same damn time!!!!!
I'm always a little shaky on the first day anyway. Maybe I just assumed it was me.
Agreed. RT It's Monday. Balls.
“: I hope my mom don't forget bout that tux.”senior prom or junior prom
sending you good wishes on the new album!
Felton only deserves 5-10 min. per game. #Blazers only hurting the future.
yeah u right, cool
if player left school due to paying time its on his development but if its something else it could of been his choice or ?
I'mma bout to start a list of joints I want you to feature on...
you wont be in the best mood for too long hunny (: watch
Ppl keep telling me my attitude sucks... *shrugs* OK! I will look into it, trust me I don't mean it.
My legs are so sore from Disney last night haha
That's what's up..let me know. Maybe I can sit in and learn a few things lol
no one can, it's the internet's version of crack.
Good day sunshine!!!
Public and private sector pay comparisons don't add up: Pay experts are right to dismiss like-for-like pay figur..
I feel like im on north woods law. There are moose everywhere it's ridiculous
don't forget to drink water.
I act like I don't really mind, but I really do.
Your obviously lying
What steps are you taking to boost your credit score?
well are you 14?
Yay! A librarian without her iPhone is like a fish out of water!
The Flyers being eliminated from the #NHL playoffs has morphed me into Balki Bartokomous. Now I am so happy, I do the Dance of Joy!
High school relationships are funny lol
Right! Hopefully they see this and consider it hahaha c:
I fuck her to the neighbors tell me turn it dwn but fuck the neighbors imma tell her turn around
hey baby ♥♥
Hey kangaroo. TFTF and have a great week!
What to do when the wallet says yes and the gut says no?
#FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for & other current shows here:
Congratulations to my favorite lecturer, on your beautiful & healthy baby boy!
& so I'm reduced to wearing my PE shorts. Fantastic.
I'm gonna be with tomorrow I can't friggin wait 
If Soriano does nothing this year but fuck the #Cardinals over, I'll be happy.
I prefer Simon Rattle's to Karajan's. More transparent, less fussy, just as brilliant.
Eddie & Patricia kiss, so sweet:))
It's San Antonio "Alamo Allstars" day. Rehearsal @ noon, then performance @ 7p. More music, please!
Awww!!! That was so sweet!!! ;) That would be a hell of a gift!
thanks! You are the best in town!
That really is the BESTEST friend ever! Thanks for including us.
oh and consider yourself blocked!
is a hoe
I love reading Ripley's with my middle son and re-enacting some of the things that supposedly happened.
Injuries or not, the Knicks were overmatched in that series.
Big thanks to you all for a wonderful weekend!
Great #Sotu. Proud that is my president. fair shot, fair share, same set of rules for all.
We're at the #wired965 #phillybridalshow in cherry hill NJ! Stop by at table 42 and say hello to fairy Godmothers Laurie and Lisa Marie!
Preach! RT If Peggy can go to the movies when she's having a bad day at work, can we all?
Really cool spot, can't wait.
": lol umm hmm" Brandon just don't be a hater!!!
it removes the possibility of embarrassment. If they get rejected they can just pedal away...
heres to all the kids who cant wait to stay up late summer night!!(:
Check Out Robert Pattinson Doin' It With Everyone!
is there a train from yawkey to Natick after the red sox game tomorrow night?
Let's go Noles! First game of the season against Miami!
OOPS! That was suppose to be not FL
Tore a hole in my shirt, lost a button, what a mess I am today!!
I want some fish. Been wanting some since my dream about catching fish in a net 3 days ago.
Teacher's Workshop will include learning about using the news in your classroom and a great giveaways. message me if interested.
Hey jusin is christmas youre favorite holiday? Hope u have a wonderful christmas and a happy new years.
What the Beck? I will take it.
Just a reminder PB DAY at PETCO PARK is next Thursday. The Padres are playing the Dodgers. Call me if you would like dicounted tickets.
": If I talk on the phone with you I have interest in you"
Seems like i am always putting a car in the shop :/
yo really not in the mood right now just need my nicki minaj and quite cuz I want to fuck some shit up
I Like The Way U Sing U Have A Beautiful
oh, that can only mean one thing!!! I'll shy away from spoilers - we'll see it around the 13th!
follow me:)
love you miss you
thank you
Sound just like your father. Ha. RT : I like baseball but not when it kills my 2-1/2 Men
great tasting & good for you. Love it!!!
Practice time!!!!!!!
Really enjoying following the #CES Show! In particular I like the shower radio iPhone music player! Cool!
Here we go. Are you sure you want to be famous?
When the Lakers get swept will Lakers bandwagon fans finally shut the hell up? Sincerely,
this is an incredible documentation!
I know -- I hope they don't arrive dusty and gun-toting.
I think wednesday
RT : Record-low rates aren't creating rush at local mortgage firms: On March 6, the Federal Housing Administration sa......
QUICK CONCEPT: A gun is aimed at a pastor's forehead and he's extremely scared....kind of ironic don't you think?
making spaghetti with garlic bread and caeser salad.
Back. Now he just walked out screaming every curse word known to man.
Can't wait for some tonight!
Learn how to understand the budget process with our easy to read budget manual produced by bit.ly/rbjTZd
Boy what a week, my knee goes out. Get to wear a knee immobilization, and have to use crutches to walk. On light duty at work.
Their hawking more super bowl merch in front of grays papaya on 73 and Broadwy - then I saw in all of indy
Its my birthday and it would mean everything to me if wished me a happy birthday
I swear I could eat chicken all of the time..
Evan Longoria Injury: How you can replace him? | Fantasy Baseball ...
RT : On our Tumblr: Read about 's "major-league economic development," according to Crain's....
Where the hell is the mailman?!
<< "Thunder only happens when it's raining"
The Hunger Games is terrible! Don't waste your money..... Seriously bad movie. RT if you agree
yay! Let's meet up, record something?
Thanks for the follow Brett...and the consistently helpful articles. What was your Instrument of choice growing up?
": Josh Underwood is wonderful. Right? ri-e-t! "
In 2008, more than one-in-four people (27.7 percent) living in rented housing units lived in a different residence one year earlier.
track ended early :)
I like that Seth and it is about time that they woke up.
That must have been quite a sight to see and story to pass on.
Ready for the Heat game tonight!
What an incredibly bizarre series of dreams.
Pa. slot machine revenue up slightly in April - CBS News
Sorry I let you down! Had to sit thorough that crappy #Mizzou game and hit a couple of parties
Maybe it's a dry season for senior UX? Know of just a handful of opps here, but getting weird mixed messages when following up
And the website's back up and running. You may now resume your regularly scheduled activities.
I have my daughters with me at work, they're in my office wearing boxing gloves & they've just shut the door... this will turn out well.
oh we did ;-) we'll make it work next time.
Champions Forest and 1960.
Whooohuu road trip.
Up before the sun and out the door by 515. It's softball reason y'all.
Sick, At least I'm having a 4 day weekend!
My turtle is sleeping 😳🐢💤
Matthew Buzzell is a babe.
Older veterans who are coming into the system for the first time are a bigger problem than younger veterans
RT : How long R we going 2 allow BIG OIL (ExxonMobil #Montana) get away w/anything,from robbery 2 destorying our...
UW offense puts up 56 points (in regulation).... And loses by 11!
oh, and congratulations, you've ruined my childhood you monster
#chicultural2012 Chicago is about to have a creative arts expo (march 22 and 24th)
not really...I know all her secrets!!! LOL, JK :)))
There's a big storm in Los Angeles right now and we're having internet trouble, but a new "+EV" strip should be posted shortly!
I would like for someone to explain why I woke up at freakin' 4 oclock in the morning feeling just fine.
I considered it -- until I probed a little more to find out why I'm being asked ...
I love moat, too! Damn that touchscreen phone... gets me every time.
Snacking on samples at costco
Sad we missed the DC Food Fight tonight! =(
he better
But...I still haven't took you to an Allstar Weekend concert...Where Cameron will start cracking up on stage when he sees you...
Attending other conferences makes me realize how well organized & planned the STC Summit is. Looking forward to
#dailyfeedback Songs for The Pirates' Opening Day to kick off a good baseball season! Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Please tell me why y'all get in relationships wit good people then cheat on them?! Why not just stay single???
Only if I'm dumb enough to carry it with my fingers in the ... convenient... finger-sized ... ... shut up. :P
I didn't get in, but I'm gonna take the Workshop class and get better! Maybe I will see you there? That would be super cool.
hey just checkin my tweets
sure. Tell me more:)
thank you, DiskWarrior! you saved the day!! worth every penny
toto juice is spicy...:-)
#FunFact if the fingers onside your middle finger are even there is a 50% chance your GAY!
Rough Weekend.... Blodwyn is back on the wagon. beach time 4 days, ripped pig!
Doesn't anyone remember the "Good Ol' Days?
Tuff S#*t.
LET SEE WUT THE PRESIDENT GOT TO SAY!!
RT if you will be happy for Austin when he gets really famous but you will hate that its a lot harder to get noticed by him.
Where? Apparently we need someone to make a website to track tater tots. RT : Tater tots stuffed with cheese and bacon?
School is out. Text me and shit
Amen RT : Daniel Craig...what wouldn't I do to you?
RT Don't miss professor on tomorrow night. That should be an interesting conversation...
USA women win it :D
These chocolate muffins are 🔥🔥
Why am I so tired all the time now?
Normally the sign of an average team.
Exploring New Orleans, cajun everything please!
dick potato
Yaaayyyyy!! RT So I guess I wont miss #PrettyProgessive this week
Maybe now #Rockies have a chance. #Mets Santana done after 6 scoreless innings and just 2 hits allowed. He K'd 8. Batista in for Mets.
Ik. I'm so sorry Ari.She will will never be forgotten. R.I.P. Whitney Houston </3
Staying in my lane if u cant keep up baby that ain't my fault
While we don't celebrate V-Day (anniv. of day we met is 1wk b4), still reminds me to be grateful for the love in my life. Love u Ad & Reed!
WE ARE NOT DATING 8 FLAVAHZ,
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed ...I don't smash followers, I smash leaders. Ha!
It Was Fun :)
Trying to fall asleep but it isn't happening. Gotta be up for work in three hours. Fuck it all.
Rather fight kimbo slice and mike tyson at the same time then go back to Oneonta rite now.. 😡
customer:‎"is this office depot?" me: "no, it's austin's pizza" customer: "good, i wanted pepperoni rolls"
I've been reading some posts about not using any slides at all...
One of my legss is shorter than the other... Ohh Emm Ghee!
Yeah, that's one of my favorites!
I know the one thing our show is missing... Strippers. Excellent for podcasts.
Romy Sounds like a typical cheap FIB
Working on comprehensive novice to expert learning solution; assessments, blended training, structured OJT, mentoring; so rare, am grateful.
That is the plan!
*wakes up. Stretches, a smile still on my face. *
loves u guys too!
it's so bad I still have like 2 or 3 left :p
Penn Jillette hasn't worked in tech. ;)
thanks for the follow!
Mom's surgery went well! Can't wait til they move her to a room so I can see her... I need my mommy!
So glad I got motivated and out on my bike, and the bonus was that I got all my checks deposited in the bank too winner!
why aren't they showing more ladies????
Come see us for brunch today!!!
we are all so
i love that drawing though its amazing fer sure :)
thanks for turning me on to John Maus. Not sure if I love or hate him, but can't stop rocking "Quantum Leap".
One of our videos will be part of Tom Morello's acceptance of a Hillman Award for his activism in Wisconsin, Ohio & the Occupy movement!
too bad!!! Love meeting my fellow tweeps!!
i've not had probes with binaries. sometimes compiling stuff updates/downgrades libraries OSX is expecting to find which can be bad
I love u too Fxcking Slut !
Watchin Grandma's Boy on the bus. Never gets old.
Thanks for following us! Tomorrow at #FatTuesdayRELOADED we're catering to the ladies with Free entry till 12, and Free drinks till 1!
Broke hoes talk to much bitch SHUT UP
Just learned I was accepted into the MS in Photojournalism program! Thank you!
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world- - it is the only thing that ever has!
: well put, lady.
haha naaaww. I just finished though. Now time to nom :D
You are welcome!
I wasn't just gonna let it go , like it never meant anything.
This boy is so rude.
Just saw a woman sleeping on the table in Perkins
Now reading: diary of Ben Moran, sec'y to U.S. mission in London during the Civil War. It's a riot; meticulously notes all protocol errors.
i got alot of lovers& i got alot of haters
I'll take it off your hands. Too good to pass up. Where are you in town?
Get ready for another great 1
#TweetandEat with Hosted by !!
My Twitter got hacked!!! sorry friends - i think it's fixed but if you get any direct messages from me they AREN'T legit so don't click!
Cisco empowers employees with a self-serve hub says
YOU GUYS.
Full house
#dh11 Good point. Because we're used to the monograph model and want to get away from it?
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
back to the Garden for Celtics. I can't decide if I am motivated enough to put up a remote.
yeah i just seen da highlights... Lol
ooc; ?! -.__.- Jess goes to our School to!
LOL while I'm all for it, I don't do sloppy seconds. Even if they are yours, which I'm sure are excellent hahahaha.
No they roasted the #Googleglasses Lol
Old school Chiodos? Yes please.
Having ALL the feels with Heather. The Broadway soundtrack is genius! I really need to see it again
Wow Robert you sneaky son of a bitch subtweeting about me you ratchet ass hoe I'll kick your ass back to Tenochtitlan.
Absolutely! RT : "People are willing to shout more if they like something." -
#KSsynapse R.Tsien: miniSOG expressed in outer mitochondrial membrane can also ablate neurons at whatever resolution you can deliver light.
I'm on the second season. I just finished watching the Hound of the Baskervilles one. Question: is each series only three episodes?
Audio at end of IndyCar race looked messed up. Drivers being interviewed looked like their mouths were time delayed.
My dream Stanley Cup Finals finally has a chance of happening this year: Florida Panthers vs. Phoenix Coyotes
What to do when you have a bad business experience with someone in your networking group?
Thanks! I hope they take "I will be flying over the Atlantic" as a good excuse to reschedule.
Addicted to rips
You mite not no becuz ur not from az
you should have! That picture was all bad! She was confused. Had to be.
If the people upset over the Bucks possible leaving town went to Bucks games, they might not be moving.
Okay here we go!!!!
me = jealous.
in the next couple weeks I am going to need a voice :)
#QuoteOfTheNight "Juicy! Don't get pregnant! Cause you know why? You're gonna get bored, drink Jameson, and watch American Idol!" LoL!
I don't think it's sexuality has anything to do with it Brian.
Sounds good to us! RT : Dear , never stop making shoes.
i need to start waking up when my alarm clock first rings...
Thanks 4 clearing that up ": Yup. Since birth. "RT : Has always been that tall?""
if Korver hits more 3's... Korver is a lock!
Join the LaSalle Branch for Mysterious Movies on April 3rd. Spy Kids 4 will be at 2:30pm and a Sherlock Holmes movie at 5pm. Call 282-4633.
I shouldve wore my coat....sheeeeesh
My condolences to Rev. Al Sharpton on the loss of his mother...and to Trayvon Martin's family on their loss. My prayers are with you!
I thot pitbull was gonna win other cat had heart!
sweating out alcohol
lol. I mean, fashion changes. Sometimes for the best, as I feel is the case between 08 and right now.
No just no
yeah it's scary out there on the cutting edge, but hey it's only a few bucks :)
Less than two weeks before single tickets go on sale! Don't wait to secure you season tix. W.baltimoreconcertopera.com
Mr. Mansotra on CORE at #GESS2012, "CORE seeks to form long term associations with government organisations across the world."
Disney World with my babies!!!!! :-D
Congrats! Great to hear all are doing well. Let me know if there's anything Stacey and I can bring or do to help out.
XD she isnt joking haha she almost did .... but still we can convince her lol
what about REAL Bills employees?! Hopefully you will be giving me mad respect come next year!
Dear cute guy that I saw at this hockey game, Please come back. (:
Untitled launches January 28. The theme? (Pledge) Think dustbunnies, manifestos, promises and a dose of the unexpected. Can't wait.
If its going to be expensive, you're going to recieve the works because its going to be hot
#SVNteam & #CRE pals - if you are headed to ICSC, follow and search/follow/use the hashtag #RECon12 to connect with others!
The HEATS Need 2 step it up big time they bench needs 2 produce points.#WhatsgoingonHEATSNATION!!!!!!! Get Back 2 Ur Post-Up Game
thanks for ignoring me butthead
Well I put up a good fight But your words cut like knives And I'm tired as you break my heart again this time
i'm starting to feel like i know exactly what i want to do -- i just have a hard time finding a single word for it.
It was all over the news that he threw down that $10,000...that's what u defend urself against!
Really NYC? No acid wash jeans? Btwn gays, hipsters, rich european tourist, & pretentious teens, I should be able to find somethin.
nope I'm not mad, you're mad cause she yells at you for being there
#WhatHurtsTheMost was being so close, and having so much to say, and watching u walk away
Ha, I hope not. Although I guess, at some point, I need to get one of those. A man. :)
We are all thinking the same thing. RT What is with these injuries?!
The first half sure is going fast
Glad you're enjoying the tunes!
Can you tell I'm a proud daughter?? He's 76 still working and providing wisdom. Today's show was great. Follow your passion.
great #friday night!! night ;)
:D dont forget about me when your rich and famous
Sowing seeds indoors can be a great way to exercise your green thumb without having to freeze in the outdoor temperatures
I need your help twiitlerss(: if u have instagram go to my prof. () and like my 3rd pic. Im trying to win a contest(: thnx
Just one more week to come check out the Aurora Public Schools Festival of the Arts here at TCA! Do you know one of the more than 3,000...
Agree 100%. I've always wanted to cruise around in a rascal. I don't out of respect to people who are forced to use them.
It's the last Friday of #2011 - are YOU working today or getting a jump on the #NewYear?
S/O on the new track. Killed it boi.
RT dark inklings ~ metamorphosing ~ into rainbows
Amen!! If Ky ran out on the floor like that , they would have been penalized I'm sure!! I thought it was rude!!
Jeff! Nice seeing you at the Actors Tweetup on Monday! Where is the TAN Holiday party gallery? I'd like to see the photos!
ALL PACKED!!!! AND SO EXCITED I CAN'T EVEN SLEEP!
"Doubt is the key to knowledge."
Overheard in Lobby- "why would there be a mention of Christmas on the menu in April"!?
- Thanks as always! :)
Finna eat some dinner in a minute
We are sorry for any inconvenience. We will pass your comment along to our programmers. Thank you for your patience!
Best part of the article - the brawl in the comments area about being a transplant vs. a hipster vs. a townie.
We are so far away from Tom Petty we need binoculars to see the jumbotron.
Happy New Years my fellow Rochesterarians May 2012 be a prosperous one for you!
That one week where women crave EVERYTHING FATTY<
Chillen on my way to home boys house
yes, me too
Whatcha up to? Thnx for following :)
My mom's watching a Pitbull concert on TV....
curious about your avatar. Seems a little ominous. Are we all going to drown? Have to start swimming to our destinations?
“There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they’ll take you.” -Beatrix Potter
would have gone berserker on the pair I just watched turn up their noses at a lunch buffet of sandwiches.
No clue how today is going to go...moving cubicles? Hopefully there will be work to do, but if not, look forward to home tonight with M & H!
Strictly Come Dancing's Alesha Dixon Gets Drunk, Claims Everyone On The Show Is Horny!
Last dinner with Heath before he moves, I'm probably going to cry.
RT : RT : Twitter just suggested that I follow , I'm afraid to even click it. - Do it on a coworkers
Love Means Facing Your Biggest Fears
Just wondering, what web backend languages do you use/like? Are you a Rails guy?
Thanks for the #FF love!
sorry...black jersey might be in line also.
Had a SMASHing time @ da LA Screening of SMASH. 4 those who crave Broadway? 2ne in2 NBC Mon nights
your twisted new beginning to dan seals' 'really love 2 see u tonite'?
Hey - Can you extend the special due to your site being down?!? (via )
todays food craving; Sweet Corn
I'm loving this warm weather!
Soon As Leaves Hoe's Wanna
I love you too auntie😘
Thank U for havin Manchester City Title game on
we will be rockin' the 420 fest at Concert Pub North today at 5:20pm come rock with us!
**blazed&amazed**
LOL! Gotta love moms :-)
So angry about all this noise about Birdman. Can't trust anyone.
that's nothing - mine just keep telling me through the door. And if they're the one going they just talk louder.
Yeah. he plugged the hell out of it!
Check out my list of "less famous" Mexican restaurants tomorrow on
RT : Looking forward to having start with the team tomorrow - what an asset he is going to be :-) > welcome!
Ikr!!!! This is gonna be fun
Why mobile is becoming more about customer loyalty and lifetime value than customer acquisition – with John Orlando of Sixth Sense...
I have to assume that corn tortillas are completely in love with me, the way they always fall apart in my hands.
Two weeks to go until I start producing feature film on Long Island. Love Pre-Pro.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink. Throwing in the towel, and moving onto my own oasis in the desert, solo. PEACE
Baby monkeys?
good now im over the flu :p just in time for nice weather here too! what's new?
Little known fact, "totally wrong" was a favorite footnote diss of Edward Gibbon. Also used "WTF" in a critique of Suetonius.
All Kings so far. And now Mike Smith is tackling someone.
We would love to hear and maybe even work out a partnership! DM us your contact info and we will be in touch!
I miss you! I really miss you! You are so darn cute!!
ha! never knew of dead drops.. fascinating. i just wanted to give them out as souvenirs/presents in my home country :)
Awesome! That's where I am now. I move April 30th so let me know when you're free for coffee or something!
thanks for your help girl! Cya soon
gwen you can barely stand on a longboard and i can barely stand on solid ground how on earth do you expect us to do that
It can be difficult to make a point when the other person is convinced in the opposite.
Mark Bartolomeo: "indoor CRM" will use NFC to ID you & flash customized ads on glass door of ice cream cold case NO escape from ads!
I just hate how my phone is off because my MOTHER didnt return my freaking money back in time! -_-
How do you only have 25 followers
I told you I don't fucking cuss!!
When two friends become lovers, that's ordinary. When two ex-lovers become friends, that's maturity.
im #teamfollowback all day
Got my stuff for half cap even though im madd my mama aint go to the store
New Brookhaven farmer's market on the corner of apple valley and Dresden. Until 1pm. Go check it out.
DYK? Dr. Maya Angelou-Renowned novelist, poet, educator, dancer and Grammy winner is a member of AKA ..
i just listened to you on youtube and almost cried you so good! <3
I feel sick
thank you! I was sick of being sick! LOL!
like seriously its so immature and disrespectful. People need to get a life.
Horrible customer service exp w/ this AM. Bait & switched me for $36 and refused to remove charges. lost a customer for life over it
It's always a bad idea studying with the computer on...
love you darling
Planet Tennis : End of road. Two viable alternatives for any further pursuit of pro circuit - relocation or tour hitting partnership.
just put two and a half hours into extremely loud and incredibly close...eh
Yes I agree.
so does that mean you think it is time for a Howard The Duck prequel? He hasn't retouched that yet.
hehe!!my birthday is october!:)
Yeah, that sounds about right. Getting them without running is interesting...
Slap yourself for sayin big Sean shitty
How about another Lesley Stahl profile where you don't interupt the intvw? MT Steve Kroft on Pelosi Provision
who did you end up getting?!
Rumor has it #Facebook IPO late May
heck yes #F for life!!
S/O to for being frickin' gorgeous!!!
Have a great superbowl weekend!
Blessed & thankful!
Students themselves argue: hypertext only gives the illusion of reader involvement. Clicking is not the same as writing.
search Robert Cesena
OMG !!! Hear Sam Gallant's () 7 Deadly Sins Stoop Story on The Signal on WYPR this Friday & Saturday!
Black angels were fucking awesome, period.
#YouAintNoGoodIf you disrespectful
I do not know why but today is boring twitter
I know who dunnit...beware of the N squared!
Does chemotherapy help cancer patients live longer? Find out at 4/20/11 6pm. Free Chandler event.
yea I remember
The vet said ariana may be expecting 6-7 bulldog puppies cant wait
hell yeah :)
Ole ole ole ole ole!
sorry it didnt work the first time but it should be there now.
You might hate YOLO but we love you. ;)
Damn why weren't we invited
Snow White remakes - "Once upon a time," "Snow White and the Huntsman" and "Mirror, Mirror." Do we really need that much?
May is STROKE Awareness Month. Do you know the signs to look for?
Happy Easter tweeps!
Cleve Jones is in the house!
Aw Alicia stay strong!
that's cool what does one of those go for?
Just downloaded #Instagram for Android, too. The app isn't allowing me to upload an image. Are you having that issue?
I got you!
At the space needle and we're baking in the sun. Seattle DOES get hot
": I was a big Soul Train fan...so saddened by death of Don Cornelius. His son Tony joins us to remember his dad."
Damn I should have done that lame presentation Oh well Sunday I just have to buckel down
musta ate too much
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want... That Psalm holds true all day...EVERY day.
This is why Music and time ain't free cuz food isn't !!!!
As John says, "no stress," especially for your Math 3C midterm! Review this Saturday from 6pm-9pm!
thank you for following Follow-back done and done.
We gun' get tipppsaaayy.
lol::Falling off of my chair::Indeed, it is!We go from Pelosi's wild eyes to Boehner's Kool-Aid orange glow.Congress = hotmess
": As I carry this cross, You'll carry me. #choosetobelieve"
Great show last night too! ripped it down of course...I felt good up there. Word to for makin it happen.
We lie to ourselves and to others to remain human.
“: #Foo Fighters were at Obama event yesterday here in L A. Santorum also has a band backing him: Spew Fighters”.
Shooting up statistics like Reggie Miller on deez fools!!
Watching DVR of with Was fortunate to have dinner w/ her year ago meeting in Cincinnati.
Uptown Is over; not bad- we experienced every kind of weather possible. Just two weeks to get ready for American Craft Expo in Evanston
Bink and Gollie are fabulous! Great for struggling upper elem readers. An easy sell in my school lib!
That is a beautiful moon.
THAT stat, more than anything else, gives me feel for how/why roddick lost. Aggression not instinctive for either, I guess.
lots of information to fill for the free 15 min... but I'm in. Now I'm gonna get a million e-mails to subscribe...
I need mew people to text ...!
I know right:/ but he managed to always stand GRAND(:
Safety Minute: Remind your field employees to stay Hydrated!
Had to download a death cert. request for a client. Name of the file: "Death_by_mail." A little nervous about opening it...
Just when I was starting to get my confidence back...
Haha that's really funny, ah our "Lumbee Hall" is called The White House... some things never change!
You can at least follow me, bitch!
THERE MAKING ANOTHER MADAGASCAR MOVIE. #LifeMade. (;
That should give me time to get over you.
thx for the twitter push tonight JT!!
Hi. What's up ?
bastard! We'll see how much interest there is. Not much in Cleveland...
Just finished talking to my daugher and granddaughters on the phone
Yea Bro Everything Gucci, We Sliding Down Saturday
Anyone there? If you're not using this account, may I?
please be careful, lady!
We changed our mind ...the oven is ready and also our handcrafted Puccia balls...:) call in for delivery or pick up 512 739 8785 ciao
I LOVE And and company. And their new wall.
I love how everyone I know tries to assume my moods and feelings through text sad really u might wanna rethink your crystal ball
Gotta come see u play boy
Beware of the Troll-Preacher!
Do you plan on implementing collaboration tools at your business?
I just found out, all fixed now. Someone snagged my account. Sorry for the incinvenience.
come on down I'll definitely be in till 3 or I can meet you somewhere after that.
so I was having dinner with Mike L & tonight!! Yea, that's right... We want to meet some athletes!! & see you! Xo
At Brookings this morning for "Why Manufacturing Matters"--full house!
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout S
RT Hey POTUS if ur coming to the studios use the doors on the side..the revolving ones r locked.
I hear my baby bro is dying in lubbock from snow too! Nice ;)
Hey everyone, check out great toys at great prices by visiting www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
RT : When everything I've read from you has sucked, your chiding authors to write faster cuts a poor impression. // A-fscking-men
Loving the new Mars Volta album!
Tweet out to my girl: Haley O'Connor. Can't wait to see you this weekend
Bitch please.
I get excited when I get mail from the mail box cuz no one ever sends me shit (:
I caught a dual-threaded plot.
thanks sp1! Keep tuning in
I don't think there is one person in this bar that gives a fuck
Dang! RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective! ---> Ouch!
Thanks David and thank you for listening!
T minus one week till recalifornianization. Now, excuse me while I have a moment with the City.
i would love to make love to you, please!!!!
You looked stupid until you opened your mouth. Now you look 10x stupider.
My 400th tweet!!! :)
Yesterday I told my friend about my crazy dream. Today she emailed me possible interpretations based on a dream book. She is adorable!
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER FACEBOOK FRIENDS FOR COMING SOON DETAILS @ COLD DRINKS,HOT FOOD, BIG FUN!!!
Not feeling too well :/
where do I go to see ur instagram pics?
Thanks RT : RT Create a great weekend! // Have an awesome
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
Exhibit shows Oklahoma's contributions to film history: By MICHAEL SMITH World Scene Writer OKLAHOMA CITY - This is for those people ...
Shiiiit.. I don't know if I should hit this spot..or stay at da layer..smh..
lucky!!! Send me some.
Thanks for all your help on Sunday.
Not sure how there could be a horrible or hilarious photo of you online, cause you ladies are beautiful ;)
Short Films Program 3 (Dangerous Liaisons) -FRI March 26, 9:15 pm, Founders Hall, Calabasas, "Turn Around" - USA, 34 MIN, LA PREMIERE
Yes! Walking away from the abusers is hard, but life is so much better & stressfree once you do it!
In studio with at Cold Clock Production, Tacoma knocking out one song for album... Let's get it in!
She blowing me kisssesss
Obviously this is what is important when watching the State of the Union.
Blumberg: Kid focus grps on #videogames reveal that frequent players were more resourceful in seeking help & that generalized to schoolwork.
spill all that T!
Uruguay to win it all
The only cure is graduation.
Crosby chirps big but won't drop the gloves
Book order and Joy Division: the two great tastes that taste great together
Thanks Vegas for rocking out hard, and partying like you're single! Had a great time performing.
Oh I know. And after knowing for the past few years nothing in the world can ever bother me...
We're New England's most affordable private college (US DoE, 2011), and we're 100% online! ...
Had an amazing weekend with my family in Newport=]
Gia & Matt are cute (:
Week 3: 'MindFirstFitness meets the Philosophy Day School Faculty'...establishing a foundation for injury-free exercise...
Not insulted at all! Delighted to make you laugh, however unintentionally. :-)
Bloated on sushi goodness
#20ThingsAboutMe I think Pretty Boys are effing hot. c:
RT : Uggla just hit a two-run homer off top of the scoreboard in left-centerfield. The ball hit just above the "E" in ESPN
Job interview!!! xD im excited lol.
Thanks!! RT : Beautiful desserts yesterday ladies! Big hit!
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes!
you think?
Foul on Jones, 26.4 to play. Haarsma at the line two shots. Hits first, missed second! Bodies everywhere, Hopkins gets board, and is fouled
I hear is gonna be on a show on cbs in like a a min!
“: But dinner was over three stacks...I think we over partied.” like it was 1999 huh?
Oo no doubt
You are welcome!! :)
gorgeous yacht fashion.
You little slore, I hope your better half sees that.
yea we have a show coming up @ Kennywood this Friday. Kinda last notice but we'd def love to see you at one of em soon!
And I'm excited. Special guests promised.
Seriously. Based on their names alone, Kara takes the cake. At least her parents didn't hate her.
Last night, the horses escaped into my "jungle". I want to browse with them.
no! Looking for a potential commercial space to share!
is the gallery open tonight?
as I say that.. I get startled.
10 hours in...St. Patty's going strong!
My phones dying, I'm tired, want food and get laid.
I always crave a bagel when I'm sick
I'm so bored..
Have to buy a new car battery :/ There goes the money I was going to get from selling plasma.
Just grow the hell up --
not nice
The question is... If i put Indiana Jones on now... Will i wake up for work on time!?
Listening The Afghan Whigs' 'Gentleman' in Grade 7 was the first time I felt shame for being a man.
I dnt take offence to the way this generation style of music its their language everybody hav they language
Thank you for your compliment on my cut and I look forward to sharing info about hair care with you sista!!
They're playing JAMC happy when it rains hurry the f up lyfe or deth situation right here
we'll keep in touch. You do same.
GM Tweoples!! Headed to the gym to make it do what it don't.
A Day in the Life of Stephanie McMahon
Girl i didnt speak nothing but the truth so thats how i know you lying!
Omg a matching band led us out of the keynote speaker just now! I love a matching band...
ooh my next tweet is my 900th! ive never done this before so does someone want a S/O? hehe
Roll up that good shyt & put it in the air *.
@ Northeast Presbyterian Church greeting voters
Believe it or not I've been to the Dog Collar Museum in UK. In fact, my then girlfriend (now my wife) & I made a point of going.
never give up
Non-profit will be a sponsor at Sunday's #TeenLifeLIVE NYC! Come by to check them out!
What song of either Rihanna or Katy Perry wish was urs to record or write?
#Thatmomentwhenyourealize you're an intellectual poser b/c you read the New Yorker on the bus
can make me smile even when the clouds are gray and there's no sign of light. ♡
Less music, more football please.
no, my mon just me the bad news and now my whole family and I are devastated....I'm devastated of stress and school...:(
I been up 21 hours straight 🕛😳>>>>> its easy when your with me and #Makinhits Woman!! lol
I've never had to say so many insincere things before this job...meh...
great job dude!
RT : The NAACP Awards will be on tonight on Fox...make sure you tune in.
i know it's going to great!!! =]
When Lebron left the Cavs, they were total trash. Orlando w/out Dwight held their own as a low seed in playoffs. That's gotta hurt his ego.
Woke up angry! Not sure what for, but I let it go & put on my garment of praise! Determined to hold on to my Joy! & Choosing to be Happy!
dude im so sorry about waht happened just a stupid accident im gonna bring you something to school. #whendoyoucomeback?
Michigan State's jerseys
"Gods work: Tim Tebow ain't got sh*t on me!"
You want me quiet? No I'ma scream about unspeakable scenes like dudes that sag calling it swag! Sagging's not apart of Dr. King's dream
haha yea i know
“ I will not suffer fools gladly, but I will gladly make fools suffer. -Bimmler #instantfollowback”
You. Inspire. Me. stay strong <3
you know ... Your wife would ride the Zipline! #nofear!
My pancakes always come out with a crunchy crust!
It's like we're at the same bar together :) Cheers!!!
Vision of building a middle-class musician: a career that doesn't frighten parents. (Pandora founder Westergren)
Come check out surrendervegas the hottest nightclub free admission tonight just use my name Travis Sosa @ the guestlist only
who ya textin?
you look awesome!!!
thank you!
Can't wait to be back on the east coast in a month and a half!
Is soo ready to be done!
The Beach Boys. Beautiful and timeless.
has $1 sandwiches today in
Stereophonic has been down this week due to maintenance and relocation. But we are back!
I tried Skyrim with Kinect voice commands. Had to print a key sheet off just to reference. Not as simple as Mass Effect 3, but still cool.
I'm TOTALLY gonna hit up for $5 at
Hi! Just yesterday! I went ahead and set up
Clippers had 9 fast break points last night. Spurs had 15.
We might need you to teach a healing yoga class for our planners when all is said and done! ;)
Any news of a vote actually happening or are they still chewing pizza?
So what happens next??? Is this life defined by choices,taking advanatage of opportunities, or just a long line of random occurances...hmm
- Maybe! We'll have to see how the on-sale goes!!
I have exactly 227 community service hours...Yay!!!!
Hahaha. Well thank you:)!
Merry Christmas Eve
We might? I'll fly to wherever you're reading next. I recently TORE UP a wedding reception w/ that song. But it needs more than me!
Road Trip!
ay let me kno if u find that. I need some.
RE: , Ill send you an invite via your website. Thanks for your interest! cc
For the first time in my life, my dog ate my homework. Literally. Ate it.
THE DRESSMAKER's storyline sounds vaguely familiar... James Cameron, perhaps? ;-)
YES! After months of battle, Taylor and Francis just sent us last year's issues. VICYORY!
“: I Dont Understand Why Girls Take Pictures With There Mouth Open.. Are You Trying to catch a Dick” lmfao!!!
I know, I know! I may have to make up for it at the Dance. Let's have a strong second half and take hold of the top MWC spot.
I was just thinking "make it stop, make it stop, make it stop." Doubt that will happen, but was a nice interlude.
Earring time..bitchez my mind is on overload
I'm in Ocean City heaven right now. Would tweet more about it... but way too busy eating.
Workout time...
Sending me an e-card is like stabbing me in the heart.
FREE BEER (thanks to ) at Sunday's James Carlos Blake reading in #Austin 3PM.
or can we do 10:30a?
Need something to do tonight.
Oops. Noticed a mistake in a cover letter I already sent out. Oh well, job is located too close to Oklahoma anyway.
He party hard with his lady bt cant with his "girl".....he aint trying to be with your ass #shame lol
RT : My twins about to be 1 soon,aw I miss my #NOLA fam- miss u 1st!
This is seriously the most perfect weather for tanning. <3
I'm hanging in there, barely. Lol
#RickPerry "I'm not done fighting for the cause of conservatism." Says he has just begun fight and ends his speech w/a thumbs up and salute
I used "metaekphrastic" today. it felt good. side note: I could talk/listen to GG for HOURS.
Happy Birthday and I love you :)
Dont judge me
thank you. Right back at you! :D
*TONS of SPECIALS TODAY* Anyone who buys a LOTION over $80 will receive ONE FREE MONTH in the HP booth!
All the freaks are out tonite!!
is there really something between & ?
Spring break <3
Spot on ... David Gregory is nothing but a right wing shill, remember him dancing with MC Karl Rove a few years back?
How I Met Your Mother finale, , OKC/LA... I have a feeling, that tonight's going to be a good night!
I remember I use to say " oh snap" when I was younger now it's "oh shit!"
Hosting 2nd congressional candidate John Ewing at my home this evening. To send a donation please DM me
We are Texas' #1 Choice in Home Improvement!
A #BFWartimeFactoid - today in 1794 the U.S. #Congress and #President #Washington authorized the creation of the U.S.
Fuck u planet fitness and your shitty hours
This is so exhausting…
Got Chickens and Bacon Smoking Away. Smells Heavenly!
your chips n ice cream idea is very strange but not bad lol
People never seem to change! Makes my life easier of who I want to surround myself around..............
M thiss rice was bomb tho it had shrimp! :D
Hm. No clue. Um, we can be the first antique furniture/pizza shop!
RT : Cool! #RVA pilot! RT : My aerial video coverage of Borel on Super Saver winning the
We knew yesterday was just a tease ...
But he looks like a little homo monkey that shops at baby gap! Gay ass pride, you knoeee.
I'm very annpyed that all my shows are ending for the season
#np scary monsters and sprites
#blazers suck! Pathetic excuse for an NBA team.
#peeta is sexy.
well i hope whoever stole my amazon package of the west by west book from my front porch has a merry christmas!!!
if this bitch doesnt shut the fuck up #knockout #shhh #help #stilltalkingggggggg :s
yep, been pumping it
In tweetdeck, it's a field you can type offensive words into, so tweets containing those words never appear in your timeline.
Jesus is my Champion! #FollowMeAsIFollowChrist!
wtf is wrong with that kids hair?
The worst part is that he is going to the one team that always gets the questionable calls in their favor...His PIs are going to go way down
Always wondered if John Wooden could successfuly coach "today's athlete". Would love to hear Jerry Sloan's answer to that question today.
thanks to for giving Buffalo a chance! next up April 21st!
at least we ain't go to game 7. Lol
RIP LIZZIE. u will not be forgotten.
that is about as cool as Lebron jumping over a human to dunk
You cannot run a small or large business alone! Hire an administrative assistant today!
Ready to get my learn on with Google Places
AAAAHHHHH!!! Dale Jr. was so close to winning! Atleast he made to 2nd. :) Congrats Matt Kenseth on your win!
Is anyone else just a little afraid that Justin #Bieber can vote now?
They don't go on sale till tomorrow at 4! Still have a little bit of waiting to do
something about you that I like :)... have a great day
know your vocatives, dudes! You need to separate the addressee from the rest of the sentence with a comma. See my first sentence.
JUST DOWNLOADED #AngelsAndGentlemen okay so lets get this collab going Cody Simpson and Psanders
If someone doesnt realize your worth its cause they arent worth it
can't wait for that 4/20 tweet :) love you Bella ! Good look at tryouts ! xo you'll be great I know !!
My nigga just came to see me. Ain't chopped it up wit her in a while.
2x as many women consult DR GOOGLE than men. I'm probably the worst! I google EVERYTHING!
Dr. just told me I have high cholesterol.. 213... shocking! health kick starts now!
This is my daily mantra. #Focus >>>RT : Theirs has nothing to do with yours. Stay focused.
Free Munch G !
RT The man who gave us 100 Years Of Solitude celebrates his birthday today. Gabriel Garcia Marquez turns 86
watch it in Netflix!
What's your point with respect to my comment ?
you're very welcome and thank you!
<---- PLEASE HELP US REPORT THIS ACCOUNT. it's horrible. Why do some people have to go this low to make an account like that
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
Bottomless Mimosas now until 3pm-only $12Red wine tasting all day and congrats on the engagement last night, it was a wonderful moment.
oh hush it woman!!!!you know I love ya!
I feel like the Dave Chapell pop copy sketch whenever I walk into office depot.
Bleed Hoya blue? Think cancer sucks? Follow for exciting updates from Georgetown's Relay For Life.
Baby sitting people is a major buzzkill. Go lay your ass down with a bottle of water till you feel better
This weekend if you are on the water the COOLEST thing to wear is a LIFE VEST! Be Safe! Have Fun!
How do you keep your chord progressions from sounding stale? Do you even care?
