I'm #ReadyToRoll with in sec 223 row k seat 4
can't wait…I have so many iBooks Author ideas for We need to talk…
well , we love 's voice & she's gonna a fave with family!! xx
Great night Powerful message by ! Blessed to worship and fellowship w/ awesome people. "Oh the places we'll go!"
Happy Turkey day! Gobble Gobble
Scheme for pregnant women to be extended after pilot project - Business Standard
Yes, it's called a job. That lady needs a new one.
I'm a cool dude. Well.
me too . I have no choice. My best friend likes my ex. My ex likes her back . Ew. But I still love you, lmfaoo<3
ooh that's great!!!! Can't wait for ABDC Season 6 to begin!!
Good Morning. :) Today you should have a Clementine.
RT : Hopslam at last! Looking forward to trying Oarsmen.
well, you kept me interested.
RT : Epcot had two boxes of Animation out yesterday around 5pm.
the world can smack themselves if they think that I am rooting for the heat too lol
call me!
Mellow mushroom.
When you lick what? Pussy? Because if so...yes! We definitely watch!
I can't help it :(
Glad you like it. Its convenient.
hi :D I hope youre having a lovely day so far :)
Love this... "The worst thing you can say about another contains some truth about yourself"-Deepak Chopra
Too many girls want attention, but not enough want respect.
thanks for the followback! if u need sharpening or new shears call text or tweet! i got the goodness! new webstore very soon!!
told ya (: But this rapper is like Justin bieber to you. Or whoever you love (:
Relaxing in Bocas del Toro, Panama... Peaceful island with great food, people and beaches. Hidden gem in the Caribbean!
Thank you! miss you all already :)
Had a great time sitting in the "voicebox" Amazing floral & fruit arrangements! What a great
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains. Danilo Dolci
I know :( & we still have to chill!
M... Indulging in some decadent, amazingly delicious chocolate. Ohh the sweet things in Life!
Thanks Yoseph how have you been? Also hit me with a follow
Testing QR Code Asset label integration with Interlink for CommitCRM.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH YEAH RIGHT. You are like the least innocent here.
you should get a two person kayak so we can go on kayak adventures!
It is wrong that I am secretly hoping we don't work out tonight? Last night's cardio was killer!
RT : Getting into the holiday spirit at with homemade egg nog -- thanks, !
:( Awww, you're sweet. I miss everyone in CU every day.
I climbed so many trees :D
that isn't bad you made it to state I most certainly did not lol...now I just got to focus on making it state for track!!!!
If everyone believed everything I said, aha.....
hey there our tax dollars too! Lol hope you have a nice day too :)
- Thanks so much. My focus is entrepreneurs, HR, and careers. Thanks for the follow.
So my bird hunting dog is actually a bird hunter. He caught a bird this morning and was throwing it up and down like a tennis ball.
c u was playing from jump
I ain't even sweatin it anymore... Whatever happens happens
- sounds like you need a bodyguard
How can we expect a harvest of thought who have not had a seed-time of character? – Henry David Thoreau
hot pink
Don't think I've played that many wrong notes in that many wrong ways before in a service.
60 miles North of Seattle:-)
sht im chilling
follow me on twitter
#ManRules use eye contact...don't trust a man who can't look you in the face
are they true stories on csi??
if you really can't decide which you enjoyed more then put it to a vote by your twitter followers. gamble gamble
Congratulations Seniors, you guys are awesome!!!
she does follow us((((: thanks!!
ExecuNet's Recruiter Confidence Index (RCI) climbed higher for the third consecutive month in May; above 50% for 1st time since Aug 08
Today is Freedom Day! 18 years ago Nelson Mandela became President of South Africa
Listening to 's High Violet album. Because it has the sound of going nowhere that is my work life right now.
feel like a virgin in life urging 4 learning 2figure out this phsycology serging this world of riot burning yet negativity is all im earning
Melissa Hazlett of Baldwin & Sons, builders of #OtayRanch, told me that #homesales there are way up; 90% of their #homebuyers are military.
you can only go so far..then its too far..
don't worry we shipped a little something today for you guys to tweet about :-)
#Smokers bolt out of nearby convenience store & practically step on their own dog to rip open new pack. But yeah, #pot is illegal.
im misunderstood 24/7...ask.somebody!!
dale hollow
Boys make good pets, every girl should have one.
Tomorrow's episode of the #patCAST features the announcement of a celebrity appearance on our 50th episode! Don't miss it!
You only have a bad day if you choose to let it happen. So if it already seems like your world is ending, change it. Its YOUR life ya know.
And spare me the bullshit about Joe "I heart Glenn Beck" Lieberman and Bernie "Keep Gitmo Open" Sanders.
This sucks
cause he made a stupid comment that embarrassed his employer and his employer has the right to suspend.
Let's give it up for our #veterans today, today's run is not just to #beatcancer, but for YOU as well.
there, there
RT : Seeking on-location lifestyles #photographer in #Sacramento/foothills area. Pls forward recommendations. Thx!
RT I'm so excited to start my Co-Op at tomorrow! // and we are excited to spend the summer with you!
hi phil, I've read 3 recognized the Lorax on Abe's shoulder right away. Thanks for info!
I just wanna tweet right now but idk bout what....
My horoscope says I can make my dreams come true today. I think the universe is referring to drinks on the patio after work.
Baklava is so delicious. Free baklava is even more delicious
What is all of this about the "pat down protest"? Haven't seen one person searched at
No, I haven't. But I'm interested to learn more about it. Thanks for tagging me :)
let me know how the transfer is ... but clean up first.
looking forward to it! Will there be a Prezi this year?
I wanna read it. Ill DM my address.
So what have you all had to change in your routines to make ends meet with these high gas prices?
Who is your favorite solo piano artist?
follow back?:) btw pretty eyes!!
you need to come to yoga with me on Saturdays the teach was so hot #m😍
It is time for me to listen to my ALL BLUES SATURDAY on WDIA Memphis,TN.
he jus called ma lips thin :/
gotta get this hosting for this dreamlog renewed i know i'll come up with something by the 25th
GT Events needs interns in our LA office! Email with resume and cover letter ASAP! #WhyNow, why not now?
Thanks for the #FF!
Spring Break volunteers needed! April 10, 11 & 12 from 11am-1pm...park day, beach day, & movie day! Email if you can help!
Personalized Training (NYC). Corporate Wellness. Seminars. 'Providing a foundation for the ever-changing landscape of fitness...
Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms Out Here On Their Job
that's .05 inches per second, or 3 inches in a minute.
Why the heck is everyone on the Angels #42??????
follow my twitter <3 tweet me for a followback.
I love when my patients brag to me about their low-sodium diet. It reminds me about how Skittles brags that it is "cholesterol free".
Thanks for the follow. :)))
Awkward - When you fall asleep watching a movie on HBO and wake up in the middle of the night watching porn and your roommate walks in.
yeah I don't normally go to the actual page either but since it was "new" I had to check it out lol. I'm good, very busy. you?
We're almost to 200 likes on here, great work guys and gals :)
Obviously, I mean vote 4 us.
Today is #Free Tuesday! Will you be stopping by? The doors are open and the sun is shining.
No one deserves hate okay? So just say that instead of singling out specific people.
Happy autumn everyone! Love those fall colors.
Braid/weave hair is becoming more expensive, while the quality is steadily declining. But what can I do? We want to look good!!
#ReplaceTitleSongSWithMyrtle You Need Me, I Don't Need Myrtle
thanks for answering. It looks good.
Talkin #bills with dad
we don't judge em doe! Do you know when dream chasers 2 comes out?
Your Beautiful<3
Yes maam! I puts it down with a 9, 40, and a 45
Trying to watch this game, but other things have been on my mind.
did u invite me to that game?!?!?! I think not lol
So pumped right now b
thanks!!! I definitely fell asleep though...
Have a safe trip!
I literally can't stop watching it. DEAD! How can a human be that flawless???
naku, surviving here as well ...from one crisis to another. God help us :)
twwwt tweet tweet which is twittterrr
Happy Friday from Portland, my fellow newsies.
one week in to first semester teaching three sections... amazed at how the three hours of teaching wipes me out on Mon, Weds, and Fri
finally made a twitter(:
On my way to work feeling awesome ....
Thank you Donald!
It's not even my birthday :)
Waiting for the day when I don't crave a hamburger and a cigarette, immediately following my workout. Seriously
Getting my hair did
3 down, 13 more to go!!!
what if this snow storm advisory is all a bunch of hype just to get us out there spending $$ on snuggies and cookie dough??
Followed. C:
oh, I see what you're saying...
U need to trust me!!!
LMAO. Completely agree...she has to have a knob on the back of her head from all the pulling.
Fingers pressing
Seeing the Titanic today, did I meantion I hate these kind of movies involving water...yeahh
stupid perfect Michael :). I want French toast!!
she was filming some video clips, may have to bring her back so there's hope yet. she's not a hero?
Got stabbed with a drum stick! Oh Bradey.... 😏
I'm great(: I'm George btw
Showed my class Greek Misirlou -> Dick Dale -> Pulp Fiction -> Black Eyed Peas. Did the same with Bittersweet Symphony and others. Fun! ^_^
you work out three times a day?
Bulger's appearance in fed. court in has wrapped up.He Asked for public defender. Pros. cited 800-grand found in his apt.
Watch him run, watch him fall, watch him try to catch a ball Olympics... at the special Olympics
Wondering if my Klout score went up.
O... waterproofing? Are you going somewhere fun? Or just being preventative? (Says the woman who washed her Fitbit.)
#AskAlexConstancio Hm Will You Ever follow me????
It's the start of something BIG! This is a special class!
After almost two years, i finally deleted the app from my phone. Lots of potential, but sadly it never materialized.
did Adam Sandler die 2day? Please tell me it's not true! :(
just discovered this gem today at #iwny . I think it's awesome!
Fixin to head to good ol Stephenville to do some hunting then I'm going to be a guest at Dolly Shine CD Release Party tonight at Bostocks
Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic.
Today's special relationship word is ASK
“: You know, Honey, normally my motto is "Drugs not hugs", but today I feel different.”
I literally solely have twitter for my girlfriend. Jeez
My phones dead and I miss you like #crazy... <3 I want to text you so bad, wtf! I love you so much, your my everything baby. ;)
I'm sure we will but we just miss it and are looking forward to another year of it!
I've got the same problem. This has never happened to me. I live 170 miles away. What is your provider?
Had fun chilling with some friends tonite now home an time for bed so nite all hugs :-)
you believe what you believe and I believe in what I believe
Cut your own salaries and rid a few assistance position
Knock on the door, hope isn't home, fate's not around, lucks all gone. Dont ask me whats wrong, ask me whats right & Ima tell you whats life
This is true. I've written a more action oriented opening scene, but it doesn't start with the main protag, which may be okay.
Jeff Corwin taking the stage at Insights conference.
I'm so sleepy
I don't know exactly when I'm going. I'm off Fri, Sat, Sun and Mon. I was gonna try to take them thursday so I can come back
I got the new prints of my headshot you want me to send them to you?
#uCantBeToughAndSay "I love to fucking color!"
Great quote!
I really like the idea of an airline buying a refinery. In a highly competitive industry, vertical integration can work.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder (replaces Full Sail Brewing Imperial Stout) $10 growler limit 1 or $3 pints
curtis ik i got u shitty earlier but i wasnt tryna come at u though, i was jus sayin tht cause i get mad easily, not. personal
you should have recorded it ! :3
like me? cause I say SHIZZZ a lot. A LOT.
Don't conflate digital humanities with digital pedagogy, says
Here in California at least, 95% of people drive automatic and are scared of driving stick shift! :)
We're out at Livingway Church's Spring Festival. Come and join us! Livingway is located off IH 35 S. just inside Loop 1604 in Live Oak,TX.
It might hurt a little at first, but dont be alarmed, thats natural.
when we go battle? Lol
I just happened to have finished running and it's #nationalrunningday. Imagine that. :)
haha nah I texted you twice after that and you never texted back
aww how cute! I'm sure Hristo and Everett will love it.
Todd Dekker stepping down as HC at Sheboygan Area Lutheran. Not only does he leave with 2012's state title, he gets to watch his son at UW
I'm Doing What's Best For Us.
My picks to win! H, the Rock, CM Punk, Team Johnny, Randy Orton, and Sheamus!!!
Special Thanks To Our Soldiers!! I Appreciate All Y'all Do & Have Done And The Sacrifices You Men and Women Make For All Of US!!!
// It did the same thing to me! Strange
will be a guest on KPOO fm tonight @ 6:00 pm!
#3wordsforyou Green Bay Packers
they did! earlier today! We'll post up video soon-
This is the story of my life.
Three words: C.G.P. is amazing.
Thanks for the follow. Really dig the work your doing
Join us and watch the Bears Game and also talk some #foodiechat Lets Go Bears! Lets Go Bears!
3years .... So much has happened
hey alex! follow me please! you never notice me :/
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
Its finally sunny in Seattle, take advantage and train outside today!
OH: I grew up in the '80's. I think I know how to walk like an Egyptian.
Will Purdue pull off this win over Kansas?!?! I kind of hope so... Only to say 5 B1G teams will be in the sweet sixteen + it's an upset
What up bra bra? The set was swaggin last night. I know u got some ill footage.
and yes... team D has been atrocious...
Nationwide Is On Your Side♪....
Farm workers banned from pub in one of Britain&#39;s richest villages for wearing casual trousers and shirts
Wearing no make up and sweatpants>>
I really appreciate it. lol Off to party w/ friends, have a great eve!
Chevy Cruz I think.
I received a spam email today from the Lint Lizard. My life is now complete.
yeah sure!
So I have to take a shower now to get ready and ugh need to do something with my hair.
Wow, the Furry Scurry next weekend has 12,000 runners and 5,000 dogs - they raise 1 million $$! Just saw them on
Tomorrow is Thursday 💙
doesn't that idiot chick realize that c* is the worst thing a woman can be called.
“: I'm following the next 100 people who wants a follow #” oh please follow me!!! Haha
beer is a hell of a good start haha
I'm embarrassed for you. Where's your #CLE pride?
J Roberts says the work provision doe seem to go beyond the federal view.
Ihate when someone say "for reals" like no Bitch for,fakes smdhh.
Cant Wait , Im Truly Looking Foward In Having My Own Day Care, God Will Provide I Know I Will & I Am <3
Screaming political dialogue. =D Unexpected but TOTALLY welcomed.
you are welcome
“Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.”
RT Bring your little ghoulies to for a Family Halloween Party 4-7pm Friday. $5 kid $3 adult. Bags of treats & art supplies
Becoming a child again; the best way to see life.
then stay late
Oh, you're one directions biggest fan? Tell me again how Neil is your least favorite member.
Perry has left the Dr. Martin L. King, Jr Awards Breakfast. Gingrich is still on the scene looking comfortable, participating and engaged.
Real Estate Investing Training Video: Mark Whitten Wholesales Houses in Tampa, Fl.../pE8c2jY via
"You have to teach me your ways.." "You just don't say no."
im bored too :( and babysitting :/
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back.
coming to soma next Saturday?
versus electronic one? It works better for our situation.
Why do people feel the need to shout at the dept. of licensing people? Although it us pretty entertaining
why? Because they were expensive ?
We love Jesus, but you done learned a lot fr Satan
#Bedlam Beatdown. Happiest night ever for me as a sports fan. dominates the hated Sooners.
Monthly supply of Shakeology just arrived! TY Beachbody ... gets me through my busy day! :-)
I'm getting that creative itch. Can anyone relate?
I cant stand people who are ALWAYS negative!
we like your style and will now follow your tweets you have now made it to the big time!
Shoots out to and da rest of bar 1 squad for always show us l
Remember your passion for music and success will present itself
Taco bell... :D
thanks for the follow.
All of these Titanic anniversary specials are solid
looked at tracking, and my is still in new jersey. bo, want it now!
I'm very clumsy when no one's around....I slam into walls/door frames and hit small toes on corners all the time...including today -_-
yea… talk to Kath. I know she's busy with James but it'd be great to see you
Yes!!! is safe :) way to go America you redeemed yourself after keeping safe tonight
Farting in class.
First the PO can't close my box as their computer is down. Now the bank gave away their key to open the room to the safety dep box.
A little more than two hours to make it to the from the Oasis ? This is doable, right ?
A few things to do to catch up on the day...
I'll take every compliment I can get! 😘
I either want to go back in time a few years or skip a few years. I hate this age.
Fellow me i am fucken wild..& i will follow u:-)
Step off the high horse
May day! May day! General strike against unfair conditions today.
Just discovered I'm going to use this as my first step in learning
that's a popular one :)
Im Hollyhood.. Arrogant dont I look good ?
Happy Easter! We hope all of our customers celebrating Easter have a wonderful day!
People get offended when I announce my accomplishments. Didn't mean to offend anyone but if you have a problem bitch shut up no one cares.
You are wise.
OMFG NICKI MINAJ ON ELLEN IS PROBABLY THE FUNNIEST THING IN THE WORLD
#ufc120 this looks pretty week no title fight and nothing that intrest me but you can't blame ufc the last two PPVs were completely epic
Thanks! We'd love to hear some, too! Digging around to see what we can share.
I need a second job or paid internship asap.
Charles and Baltimore today 11-2 then The Gathering tonight 5-9... Let's eat
hunter shot a rattlesnake and then felt the need to bring it home to show me. sharing is caring doesn't apply in this situation. kthanks.
Oh my god. Why is Peyton so hot. Aassddffgghhjjkkll.
🔪RT : 💢🔫 glad your amused ": 😭RT : My butt comin back or these pants just lookin out"
Mobile layout could be improved.
Lol, same here i hate being home! I wish i could walk to your house haha
i still can't be bothered to write this paper and it's due in an hour..... just enjoyed a nice #unexpected two hour nap as well. so....yeah
Ha! Barzhini RT : "if you can always find a conference room, that's a major red flag." - (cc: )
Nashe's Orion on dogs: "To come to speech: they have it, questionless, / Although we understand them not so well; ... 1/2
Enjoying this Lakers ass whooping by the OKC :)
Listening to Megan Oakleaf from discuss assessing the value of academic libraries!
u ok over there buddy? lol
you too! I can't get that link to work, it may be blocked on this end.
i can't wait to change...
I could have had it downing ago if I wanted. I quit Lego causenit grew up :) bai
Well said! Exactly what we have been doing with Emory's faculty and grad student instructors. Objectives direct tech, always.
Jason is my main nigggga now! Love you broo >
We are....On air! Special addition of the shakedown now!
Oh, you know, just getting ready to kick some Sabre-butt, that's all.
The May issue of Rug News and Design, a trade magazine, has an interview with Alexander Interiors.
Providing FREE Nationwide Referrals of Expert Witness Services and Medical Expert Witness Services to Attorney's!! www.freereferral.com
i love u so much ur the hottest boy from iconic boyz and u never forgt that
President Obama...with Karl Rove calling the shots in Romney's campaign you are a guaranteed a win...the baby boomers are the ones who vote
Next time? 😊
How'd u like a chance 2 network w/ a top indie film casting director & get vital feedback on your acting? R live stream is wednesday.
Back from Vegas! Spending as much quality time with Owen as I can tonight, seeing as how I missed him tons!! Night peeps!
#iOS 5 updated flawlessly on my iPad… will try the iPhone 4 in the early hours of the morning to avoid the crash. Wish me luck.
Made two As and two Bs this semester. Great!!!
thank you for the thank you.
Hoes change up and switch up when shit start looking bad.
Don’t forget to change your clock. Like out status update if you are excited for the coming of Spring
well, maybe not a "great" pic.
i workout right in my livingroom..got weights, yoga ball, dvds, etc.. i dont like feeling like ppl are watching me lol
"Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours."
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
love shakes in rep! RT Britain’s all-male troupe #Propeller for Shakes's #TwelfthNight &
ONE more day and then im off to San Diego for Mardi Gras... cant wait cause I heard it gets crazy! !!
tangled no loger on netflix instant play just when i need it most
Hey - I haven't made it myself yet, but you've inspired me to try it out! I'll get back to you.
Wanted to invite you to a party Friday night. Please DM me a good email address.
Muppets followed by Cirque du Soleil. I think that's the peak of the night.
Anyone have any die cutting questions? Brausse Group offers consulting services as well. www.BRAUSSE.com
1st time BAOKU & The Image Afro-beat Band @ ARNOLD'S, LET'S MAKE IT A GOOD TIME!
12 hour Tuesdays! Long but over...goodnight
": And in the 90s the rest of this week smh"u cant take the heat lol
Miami, FAU announce three-year series - ESPN Found on Bing
LYME REGIS: Going quackers for Christmas lights - View Online View Online LYME REGIS: Going quackers for Christmas lights View Online By
Sloppy Joe;)
Robert Pattinson Spotted Leaving Washington, D.C. Without Kristen Stewart
What's up Rashe
Less than an hour and I'll be off work!!!! :)
What do you remember about #Kindergarten? I loved those cardboard brick blocks.
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather!
it's not going out of my way when I'm coming to meet you! Thanks for having a drink with me... hope Maude's was great
I haven't kicked it with anybody fr fr
I already have myself. Lmao!!
I'm your dad!!
Wow, I've never gotten the impression that the Simpsons was set in Oregon, particularly not western Oregon.
You're so welcome! That's a hat that's worthy of the derby, for sure!
's hitting the road to the Bay Area minus new co-host whose still recuperating from her b-day in Miami.
I'm not even 21 yet, haha.
i love you too! (:
i'll be grabbin a redbull & some tom thumb chicken on my way to work .
Haha I love fireworks but this too funny not to retweet. RT Fireworks are actually just dynamite's gay cousin.
I'd believe it. That train is ghostly. MT opossum rode the Brooklyn D train -- boarded in Coney Island!
Danced to techno last night and my stamina was off the hook! 32 is not a bad look at all!
I love you Austin! I really hopee that you see this! <3
Flyers v Pens
That awkward moment when some guy who's at a before prom dinner with his date winks at you. o_o
I missed you so much and im srry I havent been on in a few days.
love it! very similar to j.crew one:)
OMG... I pray Madonna doesn't use twitter
CSU football player killed in Wyoming crash
It usually pops up around two (I guess 3PM for you) on the Up show page.
This week has been so chill...
oh yeah. Word!
We're planning a Dr Seuss birthday party to coincide w/ release of The Lorax. Is there any way to get some promo materials to use?
Not looking forward to school tomorrow:/
Thank you Jorgen! I'll start getting the word out!
thanks for following!
It still irks me greatly when I see awesome adjuncts putting tons of work into their classes and tenured faculty phoning it in.
come and see me Ms Lori - I will get you tanned up!
My bestfriend and I are sitting at chilis and slapping each other in the face with a napkin.
Means more guns? RT : : and we should give the Syrian people a fair fight. 2/2
And dip and dip.
It will not be supposed that I was a vague or indifferent observer. I remain here, in attention, if in solitude.
I'm the ugly sister!! :)
Canter's for breakfast. Could Jew do any better?
i know right!!!! I get so frustrated! Haha
: and in pittsburgh off the charts. come back soon.
A ordinary girl who radiates love to world. CyrusRules ♥
Who needs a brass monkey?
haha you know who my date is lol
Just finished v-day dinner with KT They nailed it. Freakishly good.
Staying in today.....nasty outside :/
Good Night! Sleep with the angels......XOXO
I lost followers *shrugs* ohwelll.
I CALL THE BIRD!! 😏
That might sound really bad.. but its true. i honsetly have no reason to be alive anymore.. i have nothing.. no friends, no one to talk to..
Sadly, don't think so. 'Fraid too much remains up-in-the-air at the moment. But at some point, beer & poststructuralism.
We had a great day at #Cary Train Station learning about . Thank you I think I'm ready for train travel.
Follow for updates from House Health Committee hearing on HCR35 to condemn Obama's birth control compromise!
why does it seem like there's an unspoken competition going on amongst girls in NYC over who eats the most exotic food?
Love. This.
this i killing me
i don't get that either. Limiting to one of each, sure. But an arbitrary number?
"is it facebook offical?" "NO" "then its not OFFICAL" LOLZZ what has this world come too??????????
I know the feeling... paper due tomorrow... haven't started yet.... :(
See! Improv is sexy.RT Nothing, and I mean nothing, is hotter, sexier than being totally, authentically present with someone.
The staff of wants to wish Rob Hunden a very happy 40th birthday today!!!
Aw #maxpayne how I've missed you. Lol Didn't realize how bad i wanted to play this game!
and both very cool people :D
We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. Carl Sagan
Not sure why everyone's complaining about the Van Halen reunion album. The old Van Halen albums weren't very good either, you know.
Aces performing at trinity river sports bar on lamar sunday nite...opening for trap squad...its gonna be hot in the Big D mayne hold up
ah thanks....actually i might end up taking that guys deal anyways :D he offered to lower it to $175 :D
Viva Puerto Rico! Viva Cotto! You did a great job papa!
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Hello Everybody !!!!
do you live in California? If so, can you go to VidCon 2012 ?!? :D
Siri, tell to NEVER stop tickeling me. #mahomies like it(:
At all costs, avoid if you want nothing to do with teehee-ing & guffaw-ing. Otherwise, follow him now.
Education is the best provision for old age...
'Let's just do garbage before he cuts our testicles off.'
Why do people send me messages on facebook asking me to like there profile picture?
You already Snow That #DMV BlackShadeMafia
Forecast for Saturday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
All the Louisville ladies <3 Calvin. Good, honorable man. Great jockey.
aww yeah, u did tell me about that! I just wana touch Twist all over , lol!
Can you follow me so I can send you DM on servers?
Misses , too! Have fun and respond to emails loser.
you had me at Ice cream.
you are in the suggested people to follow for me at least..
If you've never googled "kitties" while hooked up to a giant screen tv - you haven't lived!! Cuteness overload!
glad i heard and and watched all their videos lol.
Need to work on my sentence!
With Facebook down, I can spend more time on Twitter. Let's follow each other.
"Activity" is a little too FB for me.
“Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic.”
lol RT 62% of companies outsource their content marketing
Liquor and wine purchased for Saturday!!
FB comments at website said was welcome, so probably. You want to go? I might be able to use a ride :-)
Good Morning Tweeps =)
Patio...nfl draft...heinekens...i love
Says that he feels guilty abt moving in with a woman & informs you that you r the other woman in his life
I have done so much code today that my eyes (such as they are) are falling out of my head! (Need Champagne, stat!)
China Bright Food buys 60 pct stake in Weetabix
Did I just hear say will sing LIVE??? OMG IM GONNA DIE! YAAAY #CC250 #EDM #TranceFamilly #NOTCOMINGDOWN ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Take a joke
I'm down for the cause per , sir. Go Crosby Go.
"Outliers" is a good read re: the how and why of success. Not always up to you. Check it out.
#ThatOnePersonWho is not really your friend
I cant believe it has finally come!! Hahaha!
look it up
Hope y'all are as excited for December 3rd as we are! We have some cool new tunes play for you so be there!!!
Panthers load the bases. Bermudez up.
PENS DREAM OF POSSIBILITIES WITH CROSBY - Sportsnet.ca
RT “: My circle get smaller each & every day.”
nah, i didnt RSVP, I have class..
Good to know you have your priorities straight. See you soon!
My mom thinks I'm reading now but in reality, Im watching Maroon 5 on World Stage&Im falling even more in love w/Adam. :P Haha
- it is on Netflix
Success = freedom to do whatever you want whenever you need to
#matzoballsoup fail? Or is this your regular 2:30 pm flu recovery slow-down...? Or maybe it's the transcription I'm working on...
can't wait to see ur pretty face tmrw(: i love youu bff!!
I have tried for several hours now to think of a witty response, to no avail.
What is everyone up to this weekend? :)
all day man... working on my next project right now. well glad to knw erthing is gravy. see u next time im in DC probly
"There so cute cause there so little" LOL BITCH WUDD ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT.
As a NYK fan All I want is to avoid a sweep today and just win a playoff game. It hasn't happened since 2001 its been way too long.
: cool house! likes the cabinets. >>> it's for sale you know... It'll be open Sunday 1-4. Have a great da ...
RT--> RT for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 1st!
thanks for editing out my typo. The game was not as fun as I made it out to be.
congrats! #teamblake is rocking tonight!
why doesn't your web version automatically refresh the search stream for twitter? It does on the ipad....frustrated.
Thanks for the follow. It was nice to have you back today.
Finally off wrk
I would disagree too! My stepmom has her own super powers...she keeps my dad on track and makes him happy! :)
- 20 line minimum; 33 line maximum.
RT : "Good #leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people." -John D. Rockefeller
Your Welcome!
I think its a good question to ask.
it's from stepbrothers hahaha.
Just deposited Sam's check. He took his pumps off.
awesome. will buy one and twitpic.
Just watched some scenes from step brothers. Fucking hilarious
Cinco de Mayo dinner at Chicken Latino in the Strip. #yum 'greensauce
Baltimore.Do you have extra planting containers? Donate one to the YOURS garden in Hampden, and get a free shirt. DM for details
Rise & Shine
Just say no!
Yup!!! Let's keep in touch!!!
Wtf, y do I think this way!! I cant take it anymore!! SOMEBODY KILL ME!! PLEASE
If Jermain O'Neal was shooting even 40% in this series, the Heat would be up a game and have a nice lead tonight. Instead hes 4 for 21...
Oh! Pretty day after a lovely night with and 💜💜💜
Thanks for organizing this lovely coffee klatsch at - Some of
I lie it! -"No guts, no gator"
Awesome! Thank you! No worries. What kind of event?
no lmao:X
lots to do in Atl... Five Points , Buckhead and Virginia Highlands good 'hoods. Coke museum is cool too. Piedmont Park fun.
hey girl! How've you been?:D
Done and done. Thanks for the opportunity. Don't let the fossil fuel industry hold us hostage.
Best part about tracking Wiley token use - seeing requested articles directly related to faculty research. I'm helping!! :)
Got back to school & I feel happiness, cus school is over, sadness, cus ppl are starting to leave, & awkwardness, cus I am here for anot ...
Get some boys!!!!
Luke 19:27 "who would not that I should reign over them, bring here, & slay them before me"-Jesus (Hopefully everyone)
one note: "Bay Area" should be capitalized.
Great Album!!!!! Favorites so far "Better Than I" and "Use Me". Love em all though:)
That's so RIGHT ON!! Thx! :D
RT Are you ready for SWITCH tomorrow? / I am!!
“: Don't assume my posts are about you. But if you're affected, then that must mean you're guilty of something.”
Ron Paul would first do what he has been pushing for the last decade - Audit The Fed
Back at Inked getting my tattoo finished! Gahh I can't wait for it to be done.
Nice!! You best also bring some dollar bills! Preferably lots of dollar bills.
Stuck at comic convention. Geek overload
#Taylor profile pic?...Not bad.
A man is as wise as his head, not his years. ~Kurdish Proverb
Red isn't my color & of course thats my teams color for oriole flight
Feels like i only tweet when i travel. Iowa. En route to California. No stops. Steph. Two bikes, an HD camera and a parachute.
Thank you for sharing.......I still love U
Tony Rich Project - Nobody Knows it but Me. Best ever.
THIS BETTER MEAN GOOD NEWS
MT : What does Kyryls getting tossed do for his street cred? #ArizonaWildcats Don't mess with our Uki STUD!
“: Rule #1, I am always right. Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule #1.” Right more often then not!
Vera Wang has signed off on black wedding dresses. Now accepting marriage proposals.
Fuck The Bulls their going to lose anyway... It's all about on #thevoice <3
did you love it???
doubting thomas
Thank you thank you. We were in some fine company that night.
Thanks RT places that run as smoothly as yours on Friday nights, make #mkedining a real treat
MY SISTER IS BEING DRAMATIC ABOUT NICK JONAS. She saw his play twice, who the hell cares omfg. I love Nick, but just stfu.
Are you at Vine Cottage?!
see my mentions /: make sure to include ur name and time zone :)
haha good stuff, better to be up a couple of bucks.
you're finally on twitter!!! Love u!! best on MIOBI!
oh yes I am.
that was rude..
Looking forward to seeing students perform tonight !
#MIAvsDAL give the ball to punch in the score.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying,"I will try again tomorrow." --Mary Radmacher
#oomf is tryna make something outta nothing
Want a job when you graduate? Take my THEA 345 class - marketing for the theatre at SDSU!
there's definitely not enough good SciFi out there right now; we need more!
My number 1 pet peeve - Bitches that walk up & put they hands in my mans head! That shit burns me up
Ain't watched LMN in a good lil grip though .
If you had told me this morning that tonight I'd be at a metal show with a mohawk, I wouldn't have believed you.
im bored!
Looking for silk screeners...
hey i saw jon
": I want u to know There are more FOR you than there are against you!">>AMEN TO THAT!..Gods Best 4 YOU!
we are still working out the kinks of our delivery system. Wouldn't want to bring you cold food
Oh yes I loved it so much!!Rebecca De Mornay was excellent!! I want to watch it again!!
that is horrorfying.
Just finished the schedule for our radio show, hitting the airwaves MONDAY!!!
if anyone wants to order avon order here www.youravon.com/jszydlowski
love me? no.... okay
Pain is good!
yeah we are she said its for the final too
im here in the hospital.. i was dancing and the nurse walked in.. now i have to be watched.. :(
knowing zach, he doesnt h8 u nd is just kidding
wish it was raining here, sunny beach is SO tempting! projects first ;)
I'm reading BASTARD OUT OF CAROLINA by Dorothy Allison. Can't believe I'm just now getting to it!
I look like a teacher today
Sipping that drink of diddy's. And chillin 2 some maxwell, can't wait until he comes to dc
(Anonymous)In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins . . . not through strength, but through persistence.
Hi Jennette!! Stopping in to say hello. Hope things are going well for you. Take care and hope you have a great week.
Their upcoming album is All The Way!
It was. ": "Sad for Ark. RT “: OL J.Diamond is on his official to Ark" I believe it was sad for MI was it not?”
We'd love to meet you! & have you try our products fresh this time! Let us know you're schedule. Maybe visit our kitchen?
RT : get a cab and say "Twin Anchors"
I have the same convo all the time. "Can I have your #?" = "May I cut you into tiny pieces & toss you in the Hudson?"
2 Beer Queer at Cage Match tonight @ 11:30PM !!FREE!!
First rule of day-drinking: SIGN OUT OF SKYPE.
keep up the great work Rush! Tell the truth about the Muslim in Cheif. Real Americans don't listen to the vermin on the left.
ppl always make everything as either/or. Hip hop can b about fast cars/women and about deeper stuff. Some songs have both.
My fave story as a kid was not Cinderella or something, It was The Cobbler and the Elves. I still wish an elf will do my work while I sleep.
Same here! Had Mich st.! --- RT : Picked 3 out of 4 Final Four teams. Stupid Cards.
ikr. IM JUST BORED WITH IT
A5. Depends on mood. Both have their good qualities. Needs good tomato sauce, good sausage & pepperoni though.
Well I don't sound horrendous today
This current AD issue is on point with designs
im not the qirl your mom warned you about ; her imaqination was NEVER this qood <3
COD time till tip off
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il has died.
thank you bro mad love
i'm writing a blog article about world famous paintings... and not feeling creative this morning. more coffee needed!
Oh man, can you imagine what people would say if Nyjer Morgan did what Lawrie did and only got 4 games? Oof.
Great session today with awesome Jazz Pianist and Producer, Martino Avery!!!
OMG still have not finish all the homwork my teachers have me LOL :(
Idk if this is only me who ever feels this but ima address something in my next tweet and see if it's only me lol
RT - Please Miami Dolphins please please don't take Pryor. Please
We are breaking for 5-10 minutes.
LOOL, broo we need to hang out soon <3
Thx for the interview. Safe flight to Vegas. See you in SD next time.
Nothing quite like some fedspeak after a nice big lunch
Craving those Parmesan Truffle Fries!
On a Roy Haynes kick. Digging a lot of his newer records.
Its not okay for you to take your anger out on me & then act like it never happened, I'm not your punching bag either, WHERE'S MY RESPECT.!?
Hello (: Follow me , please that's my dream (:
This isn't just a workout, Elway has to seal the deal now.
When you order the energy inside of your mind, it becomes ordered outside of your mind. .
My daughter swims as well as a fish out of water. A lot of flopping around and looks of panic.
hahaha well they r all gone now lol but my mom is buying some more!! :))))
thanks for checking out the record. I appreciate it. I can't seem to follow where all you've lived in 1 year!!
“It’s like love child of think tank & flash mob for good.” Sounds like heaven. Can't wait to learn more- tks the follow!
Louis for the night. Taking it back old school.
I feel like I should greet some of the folk I regularly see online during these late night Tweeting bouts. Hi, Guys! *waves* *grins*
make it eight
If you're not willing to challenge a mentor then go home and send me a check for $10,000 while you're at it. via
That awkward moment when you see a bunch people from school hanging out at the mall & you’re there with your mom.
Not quite everyday. Now's your chance for a coup. I'm in North Carolina for 5 days ;-)
#noidata - Enhanced Voter File: address-standardized, CASS-certified, run through National Change of Address, and deceased voters removed
3 days until the holiday party on Dec 17! What will you bring to the potluck?
Thunder Up!! We will be open Monday night at 7:00 for Game 1 between & Lakers!
Rate limited? RATE LIMITED? WTH, Twitter?! What, the 2nd photo this afternoon?! Horse-puckey!
Such a fabulous night at #TechKaraoke! Full house and so much great music!
Wow! A bit touchy, eh? LOL! Like I have any control of the schedule, douche.
We're about to head out for end of year party to start our Holiday break. Safe travels to everyone this year and enjoy some time off!
I have never been. I'd love to go. My sister has been a couple of times. She loves it.
HEY! Totally missed your tweet that happened WEEKS ago. We'll be announcing our next show by the end of the month!
Follow beautiful model and author of #BunnyTales, :)
hey babe hru?:)
How many times has the whistle been blown in this game? Pathetic
Boat day to #loverskey Ft. Myers Florida.
Don't come running back To me when you get treated the same way you treated me.
HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
He gets it what about all the other tea-baggers
Cowboys ain't getting Asante -- I accidentally retweeted a FAKE Adam Schefter. Not sure how that fool got into my timeline.
I was thinking the same thing.
I worked in music industry on "synch" licenses. It was spelled both ways (although synch was preferred) even within the field
Join me Fri 3/30 @ Erotic Pole-Etry in Raleigh where I will be selling books and shirts from my tee shirt line, Mental Notes. Check us out!
#FACT: 1/4 of all bones in the human body r in ur feet. When they r out of alignment, so is the rest of the body.
cole world tell the rest to freeze
Just like in 2010 for her performance in I AM LOVE and in 2009 for JULIA, etc..
United Airlines announces it will exempt overseas transportation costs for pets of Foreign Service workers.
is there a cable outage in fresh meadows?
I miss you too, sorry I'm not on much anymore ):
I'm glad, cause I've been wanting to do that for the past 2 months lol
I've not really gotten into it this year
when do you leave japan?
I feel disorientated. Need to find a #CrossFit box right now
You mean like the ones from the 90s? I have an Alphasmart 3000 (small screen) but the Dana has a larger screen.
Sometimes I got to play the same game as you .
Father Christmas...two songs at once?
Am I the only one that's not to "fond" of Peyton's manager?
Three followers from 400. Tell one of your friends to follow me bc 397 is dumb number
. thanks for the RT! (and your fab programming ☺)
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights– EDX feat. Sarah Mcleod - Falling Out of Love (Tommy Trash Remix)
I saved a life today. Stole candy from a person with diabetes. Don't worry it was aunt. :)
I have to get braces next month . Austin just got his out. I think I'll get them red because that's his favorite color. -Ally
you NEED to see it so you can understand life. It's the best movie ever. Fuck me gently with a chainsaw...
RT : Does anybody play fantasy college football?
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
are you tracking the number of scans on your signs qr code?
Annoyed & Sick -_-
I probably recommend the legal and economic thought chapters of AoF to people lately more than any single other book.
Every once in a while a song comes along that forces me to up my guitar game. This is one of those songs.
Open window tonight when I sleep plus the fan
Do you Baby Boy one of the Prettiest Woman In American , and Rich and Famous Like you let the "Haters" Hate Play On.
If they wink or send a canned email, I ignore. But if it looks like a real msg, I send the "no thank you" reply.
bus fair is 210
Summer programs coming to an end, fall sign up for fall programs now!
if you drop off at 's 1st, We can drive to ' together. Just Saying.
“ Blow a 25 point lead and Cuban locks himself in the house for another month. Or buys the LAD.” I vote for buying the LAD!
So knows where I am going but not where they put me. They tell me I am going to #PDX on a future trip when I am in
yep =) we'll think of something
yes i did. and i run this account.. angel(:
The moon looks beautiful. Tonight.
thats whats up...every body straight?...family?
Remember that lovers need to be friends and partners too.
I am so sleepy, if I go to sleep now will I sleep all night though?
Thx. These concerts combining band and symphony make for a really cool show. Saw Beck last year do the same and it was great.
“: Once you find a person who will take you as you are and not for what you have Never Let them Go......” tru shit
Thanks for the prayers! They helped! :)
Supporting at-risk families can help children live with dignity, safety, and health and make positive contributions to society
i'm thinking throwing it out the window might be a fix. However, it looks like I'll need to pay for a repair:(
Calleen Cordero Store event last night. Check out her store: 7384 Beverly Blvd, LA. beautiful handcrafted leather heels,bags,belts&cuffsHOTT
I'm sure that I will love it.
That's gotta get confusing at work with all that orange.
it's those mean reds... And all you can do is go to Tiffany's
I was in Finland, saw someone talk to their dog in Finnish, asked my friend how the dog can understand Finnish
what is that for?
Thats your counter? I asked for a concrete answer.
Was NAMA Perter Bacon's "brain"(less) child. I like Frank Daly, smart, down-to-earth no nonsense guy
Health Benefits Of Curcumin From The Spice Turmeri
Stay or leave?.
yea i been living out here since summer
rigt here we somekin u right now lmao WORK
safe trip brother and do it hard as usual
I think there's a funding split in the G.O.P..
Yeah I'm good. went ghetto on me and shanked me. She got lucky while I was running by.
Hello tweeps! My busy schedule continues, miss you much!
i know!!<3 i know </33 who do i like? no one and sadly no one likes me -___- :/ waht to go to hairspray?;o
Hot dang! Someone is BBQ ing steak and it smells DELISH!
Happy Birthday to us! Happy Birthday to us! Happy Birthday H2 Public Relations!! Celebrating 5 years of biz
I didn't cook
I hope Jordan gets it together and wins #BB13 just to shove it in these dumb bitches faces!!
yoo I texted you and terry! About britt birthday check your phone
Battle of two failed "coaches-in-waiting"
But Damn We Be Icy Like A Motherfucka
On my to do list for today, it says, "Facebook Ad - 16th landing page". I have no idea what I meant. Can anyone relate?
whats sad is i didnt even have to look that up to make sure i didnt miss anyone lol
High five!
#HotCoffee covered many angles in civil law & did a gr8 job explaining how they work, why they exist & tie it all together well
old news he followed me AT LEAST a month ago
I don't see why people would wanna unfollow you... You are an awesome person(:
Finally went to go watch The King's Speech! :) Fell asleep right before the king's speech :(
Bong Bong.
I really hate being a diabetic right now!
that picture actually made me quite a bit queasy, and usually injuries don't phase me. That...just..is gross.
drive by - train - at bobbys
I gave Bing an honest shot, trying to find a good Google alternative, but no dice. Anything else I should try?
An actual one -.-' thank you very much
I'm sure there are horse trainers as tough as Torentello (sp)
Most underrated Badger I can remember.
In 1528, Cortez presented cocoa beans to Charles V of Spain. In 2010, California was introduced to the Original Cannabis Chocolate, Bhang.
I mad didn't text nobody saying she made it!
I have a cat that is exactly the right blend of colors to show up on EVERYTHING. (Muted greyish tabby.)
what did happen??? is something wrong with him
Spoken with 27 people so far about what prayer means to them. Will share some of their thoughts later.
SEEMS LIKE MURDER KEEPS BEING THE CASE SHE WROTE
finally gave in and signed up to Facebook. Not sure why I even had to sign-up: it already seemed to know all about me.
Is brainstorming sweet t-shirt designs for the Seattle Children's Theatre!
washed dog. house smells of wet fur.
Hey Matt my name is Margie but please call me Ellie ! Its good to hear you are well ! How is the family ?
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. ~Isaac Asimov
Oh absolutely. He was an excellent part of the movie.
the fact that I knew the answer to that question will remain between the three of us
don't make me say it...group chat last night....
ermm probably yes.. I dont miss my parents actually.. idk but I prefer celebrate this xmaz alone.. just me and Jesus
If smokers can get smoke breaks, non smokers should get fresh air breaks.
Waking up, eating chipotle chips & salsa for breakfast, & watching One Tree Hill
Funny how life is. You can think someone is SO important and u can't move on without them....until you do. Just be confident, time will heal
Austin needs to tweet before I go to bed !
If you haven't yet, go to the link on the right side of our Facebook that says "Suggest to Friends" and suggest us to everyone.
It's official! My song "Someday Soon" will be appearing on KFOG's Local Scene CD, due out in August. Yay!
Obtain knowledge for God purpose....
good morning!
Reno to San Jose $59 one way, double miles. Book by 5/17. Cool!
whatchu know about...?
What's a "Santorum"?
Yep....which is why I am happy today that we got lucky,.....
Ewe the kid just sent me a picture if his......:( ewww
IDK, maybe they encourage them to make good TV. I also wanted to punch the guy with the boombox
To keep everyone posted. We're successfully submitted to and #Sundance. Please keep your fingers crossed for 2 months til we know
yes... i gotta stress out!!
we're cute even when you have a booger in your nose hahahaha
Sorry to see Borders closing in Milwaukee. :(
to my close friends who are iPhone users... is sweet...worth a look
#Cataloging our institution's oral history transcripts, I always get sucked in, read them cover to cover.
Agreed. But I am happy with the overall outcome.
Bored text me 😄
Just To Make Wanna Alright..
okay, night love yu two
Hahaha, okay! Come visit soon, I don't know anyone around here yet :(
His post-game meal was more impressive with 7 Big Macs and two small children.
aww yay when r u gonna be here
Yo lets get a collab going, new fucking york.
soon come my brudda....trust me. everything is being knocked down in an orderly fashion.
all the cool kids party on thursday nights,LETS DRINK
I didn't realize they even had an airport.
Dreamt I got into a long, drawn out fight on the internet.
I found it when I started getting follow notifications. I asked Lloyd about it last week. He said he was behind on it.
Preparing for my class tomorrow.
It's 9pm. Do u know where ur children are?
A great imagination passes. “: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
Watching The Hangover.
Marcos is the only one who I can keep a convo with for hours & hours without any awkwardness.
Received a notice about Maifest/Volksfest. A band named Das Ist Lustig is playing & I can't stop repeating it in my head.
Cyclist on mlk with no lights? Really?
Just me, liver tissue, and a 23 step staining process all day
Does the legislation allow for corkage in bistros in the middle of the block too?
ill tighten my belt...before i BEG you for help...
Excited to hear on the radio with at 10...
if the bread was for something you shouldnt have left it on the table, and i didn't fucking open it. what the fuck? my family makes no sense
None of them were from Brooklyn lol
Big Bill wishes happy holidays to all! Capone's ghost and I will be painting the town red tonight. (We'll be the two transparent fat guys!)
u r 100 percent gorgeous i wish i looked like u ur tweets get me thru my day
If hard work doesnt pay off it will eventually
May the 4th be with you!
Incentive #ReTweetThisIf you have a workout planned for
thanks for the shout out! xo
my new "twitter friend" :) thanks
they just played austin's song on the radio! :)
Ha well thanks I really do hope I get it back….And thanks for thinking I WILL be famous one day lol ;)
Oh the frivolity! (Too soon?)
Living is a matter of delaying the inevitable as long as possible...
My girlfriend knows more about football than most of you guys
Tf, Dumb Ass Phone..! I'm So Fu*king Mad..!
Filing back into the office....please no aftershocks!
I wonder who the first person was to see an egg come out of a chickens butt and think...'That looks tasty, I'm gonna eat that.'
follow back ? (:
My favorite Maurice Sendak book was Pierre. I remember reading it over and over, because it was so weird. But I loved it.
Ever known someone so stupid you can't believe the shit they say?
Our prayers with Valmore Vivas, our positive energy with you, please get better soon.
Charleston conference in full swing.
The MLA submission system was a mess?
People who clear their throat incessantly should leave
Tim Presley's new White Fence stuff is unbelievable !
The "late night" and "early morning" hours are starting to blur together.
thanks to and for realizing weedens a good pick
“ Great. Just got the news that my grandparents are very sick - Nice start to easter.”Wish them the best
Yes it will.lmao!!
Over the years, we have arranged billions of dollars in often-complex financing transactions for a full range of commercial properties.
But of course--it was a great spread.
Hey All! We still have seats open tonight at 7:30! $12/person + drink specials for 2 hours in #fellspoint! Thursday Funday!
~Tongue down her throat while the other bitch gagging ~
Getting ready to see Grindhouse at the El Coyote margs in effect!
stop sighing beautiful . Just sleep .
Southern sweet tea and poolside reading
yea the apartment is ok. The fire was up one floor and across the hall, but they got it under control quickly. Thanks for asking!
should've just continued shopping
Whoa! The office is full of holiday treats, gifts, & holiday cheer. Thanks to all of our friends & partners. Happy Holidays from Wireworld!
Street credit is no joke. Get some.
Let's hear some more updates! Wow what if it is like awesome today and like totally wierded out and stuff! :D
Childish Gambino tickets go on sale December 9 for his April 6 show in Houston…would be a great birthday gift people! (wink, wink)
due to the time involved?
Check out 's table at the Twin Cities Book fest today and pick up a fall issue of C.L.A.P. plus lots of other great goodies!
why gatherings "in the flesh"? no real connections made on the screen. on Creative Mornings. would agree
so what's up?
Fuck, that is so frustrating. Particularly when they have an unspoken deadline and then yell at you for missing it.
Many people on twitter claim to be ninjas... I'm callin #shinanigans on that one
I will call you tonight boo. I promise <3
send me your number
Time With Teacher Raffle was a HUGE success! Stayed tunes for pics and videos...
'Battleship' Director Peter Berg HAMMERS Israeli Reporter -- 'Are You a Draft Dodger?'
thankyou!!! i'm glad you like it!!
could you typogra-fy a spot on my wall sometime? Silver and gold I have none, but would cookies suffice?
I got the keys to the crib! Cc: lol.
I am having a conversation with Gabi Butler right now.
Did you know that CIS graduates alone save NC $6.9m per year? Check out this just-released press release explaining more....
“: There's no point in trying to keep getting someone's attention when they're clearly not thinking bout you”
Hang in there....the weekend is almost here
can someone help me get more followers...awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! ucanhelp!
so rad. Congrats!
asked for time extension at meeting on Wednesday as the designs were not finalized. said the opposite.
#1 Tip for planning an economical vacation -Plan Ahead -- 6 to 12 months in advance is great timing.
Virgin america wants me to enjoy "our nation's seat" in going to dc. that seems naughty somehow...
delayed response - I reached out for HARO. Thx for the tip!
RT : Holy fuck, this guys got a WOW sticker on his avatar and even he bought it! - #SarcasmMaybe?
against my will, IE8. Nevermind, is loading now. Grazie.
For me, managing multiple twitter accounts -- at Twitter.com, you can only be logged into one at a time.
Talk about diagnosing strengths & development areas & how u use the right leadership style for the situation.
I am going to fail, my first quiz, COME'ON Tumblr, I can't study
I totally disagree. What women do you survey, ha, ha?!
Avengers been out 2 weeks amd has already hit 1 Billion + world wide!!
Delicious Library?
dude let's get real not much of a challenge
Online Presence – Having an online presence gives potential lenders or investors and customer’s immediate access to your business.
Haha, oh my. I truthfully can't dance at all unless there's instructions that I can follow.
We do plan to podcast 's talk. Check iTunes & our blog -- and we'll tweet here when it goes online.
me, too.
Watching a FOX show that probably has no association to Ford or Coke and certainly won't have pointless non-music segments to fill 90 min.
Apologies to anyone who received an email from me while I was away...my yahoo email was hacked it looks like. Sorry.
So in Missouri if you stay with someone at a hotel for two days, technically you're married! Lol
watched the Green Lantern this morning and thought to myself, What's missing from today's action movies? .. Full penitration
feeling like I wanna punch a wall and cry at the same time <<<
Instead of banging my head against the wall trying to help people "get it" I now take great enjoyment in just watching them not "get it".
Getting a good workout in then heading to a creative meeting to get ready for #Ecclesia2012 OK.
I tested the abandoned cart theory...around 12:15-12:18...no dice. 3000 successful checkouts!
Official "Fornication" video release: May 13th IX
why you texting about al qaeda? I need a joke about the lotto and Frank McCourt. Help!
Check out the update to the #foursquare #android app in the marketplace #teamblackberry always last to feel the love ☹
Getting my #hydrate on for the What's ur pre race routeen?
"blood, sweat, tears, and chalk.. Gymnastics, we don't take cry babies!
Support WMSE by getting a Local Yokel. It fills you up real good. We did our part...
I love confidence said it best it's a stain that can't be wiped off. Its shows the real niggas from the fake niggas
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.- Howard Newton
Some old Indian guy has been sitting in his car staring at me every time I go to the parking lot.
Cant wait to go to 's softball games this summer with momma franco(:
Best part about coming to every morning for the last two weeks? Getting to listen to online! Great start to each day.
Did someone say Rudy's? Yeah, baby!
haha. Truth be told, almonds are not a "true nut" but a drupe. Merry Christmas!
I can't be the only one out there feeling uneasy about this one.
Hacienda for din din tonight...I really wish I could speed up time!
I second Mindy's tweet. Best of luck ladies!! Next year I'll run it ....
Hey Jessica ALba u r my biggest fan my name is Julian Paz i am 17 and i think u r da prettiest actress good luck
thanks Rick Rubin for ruining the new Gossip album.
#helc12 Student say Internet outages is #2 problem
Thank you, unknown Seattlite stargazer, whose rapt stare @ night sky as I walked by showed me the eerie green-blue-red blaze of Sirius.
Hope all is well on other side of the pond. Coming back Stateside soon? Think I'll be back home end Feb so may catch Dublin gig!
oh, i know.
Perfect ending to my #freestylefriday #nowplaying Lil Suzy.... Time to hit the pool!
Morning :) most relaxed pageant day ever...why? I'm not competing
The dreaded Sunday evening text has arrived on my phone....
I actually get to drive my jeep today. I've missed her much. And my cd player. Getting sick of t swift all on my radio. 😝
What's your favorite summer activity? so we can see your reply!
MIND BLOWING event I called a San Diego PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER after hours tonight--and he HELPED US! amazing but TRUE!!
Awe hell who told u to make a Twitter LOL “ WOOP..WOOP!”
Just bought tickets to see Bill Maher at Whitney Hall on May 19th. Should be one hilarious night.
It is pretty much all determined by that spark..if there isnt that 'spark' then one person is sol
if u aint focus u gonna be here for a while -
No such thing as overload. I'm loving all the content you're sending our way.
Welcome - we've been waiting for you :)
reviews the new
Thanx girl! Coney Island's rockin'! Love the couple in the sand!
heck yes!(: I won't shave my Chia pet either! ;D
Of all classes? Or just classes held thru SDSUDigimedia?
I told my friend who works at pebble beach to give a warm welcome.
Oh believe me, we will. We are about to annihilate this class.
nice! Have fun! I sent a variety of options. Let me know if you need any more:).
So excited!!! On the way to see Radiohead live again!!! :-)
yeah, mass on her lip, it was bleeding today
RT iSchool student wants to help an archives with a website redesign. Email us at (via )
Sapient is good, busy. What are you up to?
we just drove by your house and honked at someone we thought it was you but I think it was beth!?!
you're now known as Scott Dolittle.
bringing in #NYE2012 right. With my boo Doinnnnn it
Just spotted Nicholas Negroponte checking in at
New Shirt STEEL PANTHER SQUARES MENS TEE SHIRT
Seriously, I want to commit Seppuku after drinking coconut water.
It smell like Butt Cheeks -.-
wat you bout to do with this
tax day.
You know what? If you borrow money, you should pay it back.
About to leave work, go to the gym & start my trip to Oklahoma then Colorado!
Good night tweeties. Happy Easter.xoxo
"I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act" - Bill Gates
lamb x 3 . . . delicious.
I AGREE! Girl's got it going on!
omg omg you followed me back!!!
good read? What's the genre?
sometime before summer we should have a girly day and go get a pedicure and go shopping or something
Must have an #MLS or #JD and experience in a legal library.
but you haven't talked to me in forever
An happy fuckin' Friday the 13! Ima get my hockey mask and go terrorize my loved ones-- Peeing your pants as a child builds character!
yes! Would love to participate in another #FNIchat tweet-up.
On this visit to Italy, I learned Italians despise their own beer. All the good pizza joints along Via Tribunali in Naples pull "germano".
Lol lol but u can keep the bitch...
: Don't forget the post-grame wrap up at Reading Terminal for roast pork round 2. Hope Fredette has a great game.
Romance your mate by doing one thing each day to make his or her life easier.
Have to give a "By the Numbers" speech at #Badgers season-ending reception tmrw, but struggling for a hook. Any theme ideas?
What do business owners want from your executive coach? Design what you need & want from coaching. Make it work for you!!
Ok Pontiac we're here...come on out a play!! The Dirges @ The Pike Room doors @ 8pm ALL AGES 1 S Saganaw st
RT : So hyped for Central Avenue tonight! Historical photos from central ave residents with his new work
I cannot wait to see this film! Glad to hear you enjoyed it. #highhopes -JO
samuel thomas flint. <3 :)
I DONT CARE JUST GET ME SOME #I'll.Cut.You!
Public school cookies >>>
The truth is overrated. Avoid it at all costs.
On iOS, it has comparative advantages. If only someone has split MS into an apps co and an OS co a few years ago...
I only ask because I do. What about Steve Guttenberg?
will do!! Next week for SURE!! Miss u!! How many days? ;)
Eating an entire loaf of just-out-of-the-oven orange-lemon-dark-chocolate-cranberry bread.
We're returning to the states soon so you never know! It was great working on the last track of Xtreme Xover 'Genesis' with them!
not talking about this year just overall. He dosnt get the best players
Please follow me too :))) Cheers!
I am so glad this is the last study hall I'll ever have to be in with Dennis.
looks like a lively place!
OT time, stuck in a 2-1 league... Go Kings GO!
I can see the potential in Google+ and I want to use it more . . . but I keep getting frustrated with it. Anyone else feel that way?
Those who don?t understand determination call determination stubbornness or too driven. To be determined is to see it through! Catherine...
Alright, I set three different alarms, three different ringtones and messages written on the alarm before I even attempt to hit snooze
Perfect day for a Hot Goldschlager Cider, Hot Bourban Cider, or Hot Spiced Rum Cider...stop by!
FOLLOW lest you fall in battle
You're Welcome! :)
Enjoying sharing YA author sessions with my daughter. Priceless.
“Mathematics is a creation of human mind, concerned primarily with ideas, processes, and reasoning” -Johnson and Rising
Happy Monday!
Save the Earth, it's the only planet with Chocolate!
Shower before bed is the best feeling ever
Happy Mothers Day Mom
It'll all get better in tyme
That's what I say to your mom every night.
Thanks for the congrats!
good on u 2 b outraged at our brave soldiers murders even if 2 advance your ulterior motives & devious agenda.
Happy Hour every Wednesday Thursday and Friday 6pm-10pm Special Pakages for Men and Women on #Haircuts #Color #FlatIrons &More!
Looking 4 foodtrucks 4 events in Feb. Great venue! Interested? Free
I was about to instagram my chipotle but I was too hungry so I ate it...
no bro... I was good.. Just observing other peoples bad karma on that one... Ha ha
Closing in 10
The taste of eternity <3
Joh 1:3 All things came into being through Him, and without Him not even one thing came into being that has come into being.
Raging Waves waterway...my 33 year old husband has been begging all day to go :)
To the Asshole banging on my door at 5:15 this morning - I hate you. Plus, you are an asshole. Just thought you'd like to know
I find it odd that the first thing I thought when I woke up was, "I don't want to be a chicken, I don't want to be a duck, so kiss my butt."
See previous reply. ;)
Music to our ears! Are your students using e-textbook nows?
Al Capone’s business card stated he was a ‘Furniture Dealer’. Coffins count as furniture don’t they? You lie in them!
A 5-hour energy drink is helping the fact I still haven't slept, but I'm 99% sure my eyeballs are cramping.
Remembering our veterans today. A shout out to my dad for his service in the USAF. See you in Feb. Susan
he sucks!
She killed it with kisses
Me thinks Adam will choose Carla
no worries. You seemed to have quite the busy day
Damn, 110 degrees in Independence, MO today!!! #WTF?
Oh no, friend :( Hope you're feeling a little better.
Had a great night performing Spoken Word at NoHo Performing Arts Center and I'm grateful to Anik for putting it together. Much Love!
One forgives to the degree that one loves
My husband's optimistic perspective: RT : Using and all in one day. What a fun adventure.
David Wright gets those #Lakers calls
Middle of the night updates!
didnt even know was in #weboughtazoo until i saw it. great job colin!
Are you ready for #FPAC20 this weekend?! Visit www.filamarts.org to have your last minute q's answered - tickets, parking, dogs?!..REALLY!
I miss you more! Congratulations on your new internship! I want to hear all about it! Let's chat soon :).
They're crazy little bastards.
Hmm, thanks. Think I'll check out the local clock guys.
Leslie Winkel agrees to an interesting date with Leonard. Tonight at 6:30!
i dont even know what happened yesterday
lazy, lazy sunday. its really hot but really nice outside. what to do today?
lol but aye it's gonna be funny wen she get fat feom them steroids & nobody want her ahh
I keep my updates to Senior Circuit. Apologies
Bus is better for twitter.
ALWAYs up & ready Togo! Surf run swim weights & or church! Let's do this great day called SUNDAY!
Hey #libmade folks, it has been BEYOND great. Time for me to sign off and give my co-worker a much needed break! HUGS!
Congrats on your AWESOME Today Show placement !
Talk big, gotta live it homie!
I want oomf to come have dinner with me...
Never seen that show, but that sounds like Richie Farmer might be a guest star pretty soon.
I could freeze it. I'll have to see how this batch comes out.
prolly the same line of them coming thru. We need the rain.
i need this break, people are fake as fuck, there is only so much i can take
do you have any like put away like on a cd??
I hate going to the doctor 😰
buck ass nude!
is here this week!! Check his timeline!!
“What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.” – Theodore Roethke
im suppose to be going camping on 1st june but my parents wont let me talk my dog i dont want to go :/ xx
I'm not even gonna say anything yet ... #PacersTime .
That said, I would still rather take Welbeck and Sturridge to the Euros than Defoe and Crouch but we know that won't happen.
I never would have imagined how many events that have NOTHING to do with us show up in #GoogleAlert for the term "Clark CSM"
but i wanna see him a pac fight
at tonight. Then MGM tour in the morning.
Yayyyy. A Walk to Remember comes on at 9:30!☺💗💜
Proposal: a category of dress code btwn #casual & #businessCasual ... to be called #richHipster designer jeans and fancy shoes
