Really? It was a legit penalty, as a manager I would think Wenger would have conceded that by now...
Internet? Let's do it. RT : Not YET there isn't... RT : please tell me there isn't Kenneth Branagh/ me slash.
Johnson: Music appreciation courses are ridiculous! We don't teach driver's ed appreciation. Teach music understanding!
Two #comm100 instruction sessions in two days. Surprised to see so many familiar faces from other comm sessions this semester.
Packing anything while drunk is just a bad idea.
I'm coming to school tomorrow, i don't care what these doctors say.
I know. It's not that. It is the timing. Too early in the semester for reading day.
I'm having a bad fantasy year!
It depends on purpose. If it is formative then yes, I will assess same content again. But, the questions will be different.
my maiden voyage to Noble County...
your Like Pioneers poster is gorgeous. Saw it at Atomix. Stunning. Almost dropped my chai latte.
I feel like I have a lot of those "yea I could cry" nights lol
will do even still have alot of my free gifts Im going to get them all together
at our new years party, we are going to have pen and paper to let people make goals for 2012.
other rumored bands i hope make it = weezer, decemberists, florence + the machine.
just going back to twitter's roots y'all
We got this. Watch out ATL, fear the deer!
Dude the season finale of #TVD n #TheSecretCircle were off the chain
Congrats to our friends at Enterprises on the opening of the incredible new ICON Exhibit. and I loved it!
it's probably cause we don't live in Ohio lol
YAY! Welcome back
At least it's not just me :) I finally just googled ffmpeg GUI and got something workable. Won't give me my 8hrs back tho.
i need to read where the wild things are. it has legitimately been years.
Chris Brown doing his best Q-Bert impersonation at
She did something strange for a piece of change..
I know, it was just a reminder. I saw him play with you in the olden days (when our instruments were made of dinosaur bones).
Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
Well done! A true accomplishment!
already craving a jumbo hot dog from the bradley center tonight
lol okay i figured
Intros are done. Questions beginning.
First issue I've ever had with my Mac, had to reinstall Leopard after trying Snow Leopard. Damn.
It rained for 30 seconds literately n everyone vamped except me n obie
It's going to be one of those very long days. On the other hand, pizza for b-fast makes me feel like a kid again ;-)
Guess it's my turn to man the merch table :(
Getting ready to sell my current iphone on ebay!
Hey , get your #Snowmageddon website ready for it's second life.
Good Morning! Today starts a brand new year! It's the beginning of many good things that are going to happen. Are you ready? Let's Go!
you should like him :) he's nice :) and plus he is selling wristbands for a child in Provalia to help her ;) that's nice :)
enjoyed watching the Seminoles on Saturday.
A shotgun, a prowler and a taxi. Police say it ended with the cab driver shot in the stomach. CBS 11 News at 6 begins in minutes
Mizzou probably smells like a strip club during the weekends.
Just played freeze tag, hide and seek and red light green light with my little cousins
RT www.greeniestproducts.com NEW! Lovely Legs (remove varicose veins naturally), Fucothin (non-stimulant metabolizer),Acai...
WHERE? :P
A successful life is one that's lived through understanding and pursuing an individual's own path, not chasing after the desires of others.
this info may be best used by payers, policy makers and regional planning bodies for trauma
GREETINGS! Happy birthday from Shawanda Sheray...looking for volunteer positions...in the education dept.
He shouldnt be smelling like this...
love ur song and video. U are truly are talented. #<3 walkaway
mystyle Q &A: Wicked Fit 's Sola Oklena Katie Boyd put all her eggs in one basket sponsoring Sola Okenla in Miss Massachusetts, so mystyl
#who else wants unfollowed ima n d mood now 2 unfollow so just tweet it
Did you tune into the live stream of Coachella this weekend? If you didn't, you missed Tupac perform. Yes, THAT Tupac.
Your order will arrive by Saturday! We're shipping the same day on orders before noon and next day on orders after that.
I miss u :( Please tell me ur teaching Friday
Mr. Gingrich, why should the American people trust as president one who provoked the federal govt shutdown in the 1990s?
We miss you! See you Tuesday
My bookmarks seem to have emerged from #deliciousfail entirely unscathed. Hopefully those code fixes will be coming quickly.
what happened to the old hair? Lol
Party too hard over fall break? Well, hope you're ready for THE HANGOVER. Thurs-Sat at 7 & 10 PM, with matinee Sun at 2. All shows only $3!
how is ?
True! RT : TRUE/FALSE: Big Ben is the best QB drafted in the last 10 years (one of the #AroundTheLeague boys think so!)
find and ask him to arm wrestle, or smoke a jibber. Suspect he'd be down for either.
lmao totally. After she called me her protege I was amazed Hahahahaha jk
two compliments on the beard this week #success or #sarcasm ??
you are a freak... Creeper
one day I am getting to your amazing store for Have a great day... Sell lots!!!
Write any good haiku lately?
Tango lessons are going on now! Don't miss out!
aww this is cute :)
What chapter, court etc.. you with?
As of now... I'm on a mission lol
aw, and here I thought we were on a first name basis.
Put it in a bag of dry white rice over night. Make sure the phone is completely submerged in the rice. It'll absorb the water.
Hey , I'm having trouble pushing my geodjango app. Anything weird going on?
move away lol
can u goo on skype please <3
I'm lost and weird without you here
I just found out that it's National Princess Week!
Hey you guys are slacking! Show some love for the Gold Club and you could win FREE LAPDANCES, ADMISSION & MORE!!!
Hanging out with friends talking about , but in a good way, Justin I am a huge fan!
ask Kathryn- she moves home Friday so she can help you if you need it! She's full of ideas!!
I'm good. Loving the weather today. Working from home. Getting my drink on later lol
Which school?
Get Right!! J. Lo Rules!! Why did her show get axed by TLC? I'd rather see her than Octomom for sure!!
Off to bed. Up at 4am to drive new MINI to MKE airport. Very excited to play some great songs with old friends and see others.
We're flattered :) RT : I love you. I mean, I've only had the Fusion Green & White tea, but I do love you!
I'll admit it, I even have Into The Now, and it's not entirely bad.
this pic is so adorable! Yay teeth!
Very well said.
Using instagram and twitter on my brothers phone
omfg. YES. My brother is leaving to college tomorrow morning. :D I get my room back. \m/
ugh! Hot glue strings in my eyelashes!
i feel like i am the only one on the planet who has not seen the hunger games, LOL
Does Nick Diaz finally make the move to boxing in light of his recent setback?
Time for TGIFriday's.
Freezing from sunburn with Erica and stef. Struggling to leave our beds this evening.
lol today hit my line. You in NY?
Can't wait to post my new headshots after a fantastic session today! Watch for them in a week!
About to head South for #SMCSea, the one year anniversary party for Social Media Club Seattle at Spitfire Grill downtown.
Well this looks like a huge waste
I'm raw
i'll be there!
Big goal by Gaborik! Rangers needed that
I wish there was an edit button for tweets.
i know im sorry...just had more important things to do...but im back baby in full effect!!!!!
I want that so bad
Kentucky 75 Kansas 68, KU is a tough team but Kentucky to long and talented.
Call is overturned. Charger ball on the half yard line.
Guess who's in front of ? Welcome!! #KefirTruck is at Southport and Newport!
I know you bad , but i want you badd !
Great road win Hawks'!
some only go 2canvas calander 2enter assign (5 min) and then enter grades in grdbk-they link out to lots of other stuff
I cant wait to meet u at Vidcon!!! :D I was there last year but I didn't see you! D:
Im falling apart by the second.
language makes me not want to go to sleep ever
consider it done :-) I could have it there by 1220
Hi b. You are the only one who reads this
thanks for great coverage of #50thRolex24 while I get my workout in. What's the latest on ?
Apparently I didn't get it earlier.
What an intense workout
So stoked #Les Miles will remain the coach at #LSU!!!!!!
Prepping for tomorrow; Capturing J & E becoming ONE! Super stoked that our newest team player Rubin makes his debut!
me too
that's how Miami girls smell ☹
If i fuck with a bitch, she gotta give up her money for me to stay with her!! shited lol!!
I'm so tired. I just want to sleep.
What #education topics are imperative to discuss? I would appreciate the opinion of and pltwky
right now we are planning on "Buffalo". What you have in mind?
that's so crazy!
I want to see the devil wears prada in concert too! Ur a lucky girl :)
Waitin' in line for da bathroom.
Ah, no worries. Just giving you a hard time. :-D Have a super duper birthday!
nice tweet! Hope you like the App!
Music is freedom
I STILL rant about that when I think of it. Evil, small minded, petty asshat
#MayMorning. Feeling very nostalgic for Oxford.
Don't get it twisted I jammed hard to Pink Friday...so should I condemn an entire album b/c of that "Stupid H*e" monstrosity
Been slacking at my
Sacred Spaces a journey of Sufis exploring S Asian pilgrimage routes of Sufi Islam.by Samina Quraeshi program Asia Society N.Y. LACMA
Keep having flashbacks of last years meltdown at Vancouver.
I'm not an alcoholic-alcoholics go to meetings. I'm a drunk. We go to parties
Well done, Brothers! RT Congratualtions to our 13 newly initiated brothers of Spring 2012!
Can't sleep and my stomach feels incredibly empty again. Wtf. What is going on here?!?
That was a good one. EConf finals!
if someone has never heard of the product or brand then the job
Finished the 1/2. Feeling pretty shitty but happy that I accomplished it!
My TL is pretty crazy right now
Scared to publish alone? collaborate! (nudge, nudge).
Kill me. You dont even realize that your horoscope is so fucking true. Mine too. But im not clearing any air with you. Fgt.
Still shocks me when the guys from my auto shop remember me.. I'm a faithful customer.
The Topic of Can of Corn
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. -Peter Drucker
fuuny, all you did was rehash the yahoo story, with no other facts.....
had some happy hour and is now off to an audition.
- Thanks for the RT! Romney is a bully, but nobama pushes little girls. Did you read that?
The Queen night on AI - These contestants just proved how damn great is. These songs should not be sang by just anyone.
FASHION TIP: Using a hair straightener (carefully) to get our collar wrinkles & edges works great!
i fucking hate everything
'Make Him Like You' has so blessed me! Anointed and appointed Woman of God can't wait to hear future projects!!!
Walker Rebate Wednesday! Ride your bike, take the bus or walk to VIA for 20% off your bill today.
Twitter shows Until I have more followers I can't follow any more people which sucks cuz I do wanna follow everyone that follows me, love ya
It is too hot for this...
": There's a fine line between perfectly crimped hair and frizz. #90sgirlproblems" white girl weave gone wrong
love u justin with all my soul
need to start acting
Fascinating ideas are precious. They can change the course of a company’s revenue, or change the course of history.
Please bullpen... Don't blow this one
LOL!! Yea really...that's facebook for ya!
beyond earlier today? This is very possible. haha. We'll have to investigate this.
like I always tell you, "you gotta get your priorities straight."
thx for the follow and i followed back :)
One last hit n im off to bed...yall be easy n I'll get wit ya tomorrow my twiggas
Fun fact from WSJ: Vegemite was originally produced to utilize yeast byproduct from beer brewing. Australia, I wouldn't expect less.
I absolutely LOVED the last episode of Vampire Diaries
whoops, neglected the f
Shows are addictive. Shows are my drug & true love. LOL.
I registered at the Charleston Hotel under my own name. Several young Virginians, eager to be Confederates, arrived at the same time.
Shailene Woodley is such a doll! And what a fabulous mod take on a classic style- beautiful!
Yep, today is going to be a great day!!!
On the first warm day, on the first warm day in May ☀🎤💛
the other photo they were going use had the kid texting and sucking. Anti texting campaign.
Brewers done? Are you insane? It's May, hardly even a dent in the season. Find me in October I'll be the guy laughing at you
Without a doubt my favorite team is the !
no but me correcting your spelling makes me conceited lol.
I am so Hungry.
Screening Alice In Wonderland tomorrow morning...CAN'T WAIT!
searching for a Human Resources Manager in #Buffalo New York. FOOD MANUFACTURING
That should be Druid Park Lake Drive.
Just woke up
Little Caesars Bowl TODAY @ 430PM !!! Our Featured Handicapper #MrW has a 3* Total !!! Do not miss out !!! www.BPOSport.com
#SometimesYouHaveTo seek help to care for your Senior Loved One.
#HurricaneIreneshouldhavetaken no1 cause its devastated many leaving them no where to go its not a funny ppl who thinks its funny
how was msnbc? Congrats again
Don't blame the marketing department. The buck stops with the chief executive. John D. Rockefeller
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. Hubbard, Elbert
w/ credit to you, alt: "Psycho, I'm liable, to go Adolf, take your pick / Hitler, Eichmann, World, War II." Due props MuchDuch!
Just read about your move in Tom Daykins' column. Great spot. Congrats.
thanks for following me!!!!
Looks like you're off to a fine start! Your Wordpress theme looks familiar, hehe, I like. DM for contact to share tactics. <3
Sitting in the park with zeus. What an intoxicating morning breeze!
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten. Take it as a lesson learned. Move on.
Those days when all you want to do is sit on the porch and spark one lol
Shooting today at for a new promotional video
Still kicking it in the studio... Work, Work, Work!
RT : "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon
"What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have means much more."
I work 4-midnight. I think it's ridiculous working till midnight....there's no need for it, I just talk and waste time!
I think I have an account...
#nfldraft #Jets are on the clock...this oughta be comical
are u here at Colts with the rest of the first timers?
Make people laugh more!
. im sick of it ! sick of it ! totally sick of it !
": Thanx a lot judges for pissing a fighter off so much that they quit!" When life gets you down...QUIT. smh
Notifications from twitter done ever show up 😡
haha I guess so since we made 4 pizzas for 3 people!
The 3 C's of life choices, chances and changes.. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
Dont believe what u hear and only hal of what you see Retweet if you truly understand this<3
#bookofmormom has a great time tonight!!! Thanks for being super amazing!!
I guess that includes jerry? LOL does he feel big to you LMAOO xD
Sep 19 2009 Book Signing by Author and former NFL Player of the New England Patriots, Elgin Davis for more info go 2 fosterbuddies.com/event
lol thanks Ian. headed to bed now
me too get at me
when is your next album out?
yeah I saw they were discounted on there
Thanks! Gotta earn it everyday right? Countless orgs allow this-scared to pressure them for fear they will "take" the client.
Looking forward to it!
Your breakfast burrito. I saw your free offer.
They might not need anybody else but Kemba...we'll see!
just overheard a guy with blonde bangs, pleather jacket and bandana talking how he was old-school punk b/c he listens to the Ramones. Wow.
i love to become an actor but u cant find nothing in here and i was going to see if i can have a interview with yall
You can't spell.
one more final! one more final!
Forget Linsanity, Knicks with bad losses against Nets and Hornets.
Sorry to all the people I DM'd involuntarily, this is indeed spam that;s been going around and I am banned from DMing for today.
heard some of ur music...sounds great....
im very undecided at the moment but u know me I will pull down on ya in traffic if u wanna get out with me :-)
Bubba Watson- never had a lesson or analysed his swing. T.Woods is analyzing the s@#! out of his swing. Interesting!
what r u doing
Save on your energy bill this winter with new windows! Call today for a FREE estimate: 888-441-5085
i kinda owe you a pair of jeans so...
": Man you an flying is rough!!! #Truth"<--- Composure is the center of my philosophy on life
For anyone who sends me a confirmation email when I opt out of your email list, I thank you. I will file this accordingly.
We is hillbillies and shizz.....
I'm not much of a pocket book puppy, but boy, there were some cuties in Vegas last weekend!
You don't want to go down this road, dudes. I will END YOU.
O how the Miz has fallen
I am a Plies fan..
I used to love that song.
hey bill thanks for real life talk in class. That school needs a lot more of that. Thanks again
def on the same page #bffs?
Oh, it gets worse. Someone has filed under my social alredy so now i am a victim of identity theft!
I remember when all my shows were 30 min.
Good luck this season!
but it is so cherrrrryyyy berry......heh. i want to try that 26.2 one....
And to all a good night ! (I'm tired!!)
I better see you later for revenge
Please only serious inquiries! If you're looking For FREE play alongside the BEST in todays industry in Pgh's biggest venue, DONT BOTHER!
If One Direction does not get slimed. There is not a God in heaven.
Hey MKE, be carefull in walkers point area. Gun shots very close to 5th & Washington area (2nd + National). No squads yet
Your support is important to us. That is why we are offering GREAT deals that are exclusive to our followers :)
<3 how's mary
On World AIDS Day, December 1, Ticketmaster will donate a portion of every ticket sold in the United States to fight HIV/AIDS.
Our Friday Local Author series continues tomorrow with June O'Donal...author of "The Fryeburg Chronicles". Noon to 1:00pm in Meeting Rm #5!
I got chocolate on my shirt :/
i cant wait to go to sleep.
I share EVERYTHING on twitter RT : No one cares what you did in your bathroom..I Pead
China Garden got my food biz tonite after concessions debacle in club level.
i wonder if #oomf remember that promise they made
#Theresnobetterfeelingthan proving everyone wrong.
How the heck do I have ANOTHER lunar?? Forget connect the dots, I'm going to become one big lunar
omfg. my hair right now. -.-
Our Want For 1D To Get Naked is unbarable. the trends in this fandom, I can't even. X
Don't ask for my opinion and get mad when I tell you the truth.
Congratulations, Jean! So happy for you, and glad to have you for a colleague, too!
Haha. I just wanted to say that.
Live on your Android on Tune In radio app radio on ya laptop radio
Charger and Padres!
oh, and whoever said the camera adds ten pounds, is wrong! But let us know if you need 10 glazed doughnuts...
Thanks EDUCAUSE for a great conference. #edu11 Everyone should now make plans for ELI in Feb.
What you resist, persists.
Lol at people making fun of me because I'm a belieber.
Wasuuuup mufuckah where my money at? #allstarweekend Lets go!
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time
its too hard to text with this splint
It's ok Stu. I'm hitting the wall at the moment. How are you? I've missed you!
President Obama not only believes in Gay Marriage, but also in evolution. Double Whammy!
GO VIRAL! Look good in an entertainment scout, A&R, concert promoter and radio programmer's eyes.
Hehe. You have to laugh, just not often! :)
I need infinite buckets so that I could puke in it.
that's such a good idea!
she said u anti now smh
I've discovered the trick to toddler nap time is to tell them they don't have to take a nap.
Going to bed. Night .. I'll try to get a reply from you again tommorw! Sweet dreams. :]
got my rest in, ready to train hard CLE TRAIN HARD OR GO HOME!!!!
good ones!
I look so disguistinggg.
n/p
My teacher is such a bother
#nowreading The Hunger Games
Beating a dead horse -> this whole digital vs CD vs vinyl debate “: Am I the only DJ tonight who's not playing with a laptop?!”
I always get seriously depressed when school let's out
I need to start checking the weather before I leave for work. I always seem to under dress since I base my choice on yesterdays temperature
i'm working on it
lol. No! I just wasn't hungry and remembered like 17 errands I forgot earlier, that's all!
“: Did Bobby Brown introduce Whitney to drugs? Call in 760 967 8863” No, stop fishing let it go.
DC: MAYOR GRAY/CHAIR BROWN. it won't be long before you get down to the business of uniting DC. We look forward to the change..
Don't start making me feel everything is my fault when we both know most of it was on you.
We're having a very short general meeting today in Donahue 220 at 1 PM. Try to make it!
Balls hard
Which is kinda awesome
Cool! Sounds fun!!
hope you liked the news!! =]
RT : Now I followed all of y'all you can't say I dont follow back now <<<hey now I didn't say anything lol but thanks for the fb
Crunch time studying
Ammar Abdulhamid:"The price of silence in the face of oppression is death of the spirit."
I wish I was sponsored when I play my games. I have amazing gameplay that no one will ever see cuz of that.
how dumb is Chris Broussard going to look if The Decision isn't MIA?
Mayans: is the lack of air conditioning on the your first move? Well played.
I played album so much that it broke and I had to get another one.
Im not allowed to say hi ? I
Do you overshop to hold on to love?
I love writing those kinds of stories. I can't wait to read/listen to your book. I love the reader.
Thanks Matt! We are good w/ three tho! Hahaha
i liked it, she didn't go figure
Break of Day, Shoot The Moon, Red Sky > Blue Sky > Red Sky.
When is the last time the twins played a scheduled day game on a tuesday?
Rest in Peace-Etta James. You sang from your soul and shared you talent with millions. Thank you.
Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions.
Remember: #MittRomney actually wrote #Obamacare in Massachusetts BEFORE #Obama became president
shure is, shure microphones of niles after all - time to come in lay down some tracks
We don't see things as they are; we see things as we are
I'm downloading it now I'll send it to your email
w.e and yeah I asked for u to go with us on the april 21 haha!! And ik u don't judge!! Miss zombie lover
Listening to Little Jimmy Scott #neverjudgeavoicebyitscover !
True: Same disadvantage as being on wsop.com Internet tables this summer
send it by DM brotha so it doesn't get taken down.
If you see a tornado coming toward you, please make sure you have your camera ready.
I hate when people try to ack like something tht thur not!!;)
I hear you girl. Before you know it - will be scorching and sunny every day! :)
Experts Say Miley Cyrus' Sexy Image Is Hurting Her More Than Helping - PopCrush
Lol @ how Christina Aguluiera (or how ever you spell her name) hugs the beibs last night
Kudos to for not lip syncing during New Year's Rockin' Eve.
Going to sleep sounds so nice right now
Good things coming soon. You ready, fans? 😊
First tweet of my account! Well on my way to being an active participant in the medical library community.
: Just discovered you via the Great job, unique sound & style! Thanks for supporting & #equality 4 all!
i'm not sure what MOles is, ha. i ended up going through priceline, got a killer deal.
DVR catch-up funny on #30Rock -also #RulesofEngagement #ParksandRec & #TheOffice Does anyone watch shows when they're actually on
Getting back on the tweet wagon after a few days away.
I once was an ice cream binging Jenny Craig diet counselor. Seriously.
Only 8 days left until the Championship! Very exciting stuff.
Just finished live interview with Rick Crandall on the Breakfast Club morning show on KEZW 1430AM. Thanks to all of the loyal listeners!
The moon would look EXTRA huge there, huh?
Well, another day down... It's bed time with some good ol' #BluegrassMusic playing in my ears!! Good night and Good bless...
Have a great weekend everyone!
Traveling to the olympic national forest.?
still looking for server side devs?
Okay, cool! I want to make sure to be able to do some shout-outs for it.
looks exciting!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Oral-B Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
what's up? Lol nice name.
I look forward to following you too
editing, sorry. :)
Yep, I'm a social sleeper.
Give DC voting rights and statehood!
happy birthday, tay! (:
The two players I hate the most both missed their respective penalties: Ronaldo and Ramos. That made my day along with Real not advancing.
I like Hardy a lot this year as well. I'd even take a chance on Jeter late if you can't get a deal on Castro
Reminder that tomorrow is the last day to order your SENIOR CLASS T-shirt. 👕 $10.
Always welcome a new day with a smile on ur lips,luv in ur heart & gud thots on ur mind & u'll always have a beautiful day. Happy new month!
Hey Joe, I've been waiting for a new episode of fear factor but nothing. Season already over? Cancelled?
Huh. I never thought of this MT - kind of morning you wear snow boots to keep from falling and carry dress shoes (for) work
While the toddler is chilling out with Umizoomi, I am downloading samples on my Nook. :)
Happy Mother's Day!
Its because Im a landshark
Some people explain complex ideas with such precision that they cannot be summarized. Their words ARE the summary; there is no reducing.
...and that facemask call courtesy of the Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce
Come see the Creative team's new collection on Main Stage this weekend at
Thank you!
Absence diminishes small loves & increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles & fans fires. -Francois de La Rochefoucauld.
I agree. we may have patrick ewing syndrome where we actually play better when our star big man is out
QUICK NOTE: If you're going to the #CU v. #CSU game It's on SUNDAY NOT SATURDAY!!!
you need to have an active game to add players (DG0ba-ui)
Whered you get the wigs??? love that :)
Listening to Frank Sinatra. Oh, if only the men who flirted while riding on the trolly/dart-train these days weren't sketches... :/
We re about to do an interview on TODO A PULMON on radio Bilingue!!!
Have you tuned in yet? It's not too late to jump on the bandwagon! Come have the time of your life! www.happyendingswebisode.com
Two devoted and loyal people with the faith that anything and everything is possible = soulmates
William & Cheryl KILLED IT!!
A kiss with a fist is better than none 😚👊
Saturday night, chilling and listening to some vintage radio. It's a good thing. Alcohol may be involved soon, so watch out for wackiness.
Made it to Saudi Arabia! Man...this hotel is AMAZING! This is how I'm meant to travel! LOL
You're in luck man. I just finished working on my Slash tone. I'll put it on YouTube and share my settings with you tomorrow.
I know 😔😒 we planned that like 39383 months ago! When's your birthday?
too funny! See you Wednesday.
OPINION: Decriminalizing marijuana was smart. Now, let
My account has been hacked. If you get a message from me about some funny picture, DON'T OPEN IT! I did not send it.
It's raining pretty hard in Denver right now. We will keep you posted on field conditions for tomorrow's Browns games.
This kid got heated in 4th period for no reason
Visual Intelligence received an award for our presentation at the 2012 Riegl Conference.
and St Norbert College won the D-I Hockey title.
Let's just turn #wiki back on so that there can be billions of people that believe whatevertheyread and complain about govt manipulation
do i know you ?
what up u....what's goin on wit L2???...follow back
Why is it that there is an Unlike button only after you Like it?
... but I love this idea!
So the end is saturday and its going to rain! Can we at least have one last good day. Smh
is going to spend pretty much the whole day in Rockville or on GoToMeeting.
First dream about you in a while. Hard to wake up.
can you follow back? :)
yay added u!
Going in to a long term strategic planning meeting. Fingers crossed. Maybe toes too.
Eric Hicks is in the building tonight.
and this just made me cry harder.
Thank you to the Joint LV... My first follower.. Woo Hoo!
I've never been in a blizzard
Admission: Totally thought that song "We are Young" by FUN was Tracy Chapman's new song. Vocal Twins!
Thanks, Michael!
cause quick RI turnover, fast break leads to a goal by Sean Murray. #Spinners lead #Rampage 15-8
RT :KATU News is back on DISH Network, starting this evening! We are happy to announce the return of our service to DISH!
congrats!!! Very proud of you :)
no, they'll make you sing!
Looks like is celebrating #valentinesday by tweeting a bunch of quotes from the #SCUM #Manifesto. lol.
Cobbling together old #family pix for #historian #mom on
In awe of the team from Markham Public Library at the Doing Away with Dewey #ala11 Love librarians that don't play by the rules!
why not!?
I just found an unused VS gift card that I was given last year. Score!!! =)
Congratulations Silicon Flatirons and kudos for a great event honoring Dale Hatfield, mentor to the telecom bar.
Anyone concerned about all the new returning ex offenders coming to our communities?
so awesome! Congrats Jen! I can't wait 2 c u on Boardwalk! :)
some loser from Philly started it.
Honor to be among the finalists teams and proud of our team for being the grand prize winner of the UW Business Plan competition
curious why my phone is always on roaming? and i'm not traveling anywhere outside my town?
Mom's spaghetti.
Cool story bro.
Make it a day to remember
Staff are attending #effectivevirtualmeetings workshop today! How do we best use videoconferencing to have great meetings?
If you are an underclassmen and you honestly don't like me, unfollow me please.
1st episode of "You're Beautiful" Always a great pick me up to watch
Looks like a lovely afternoon for a bike ride...
Celebrating 's bday and on the decks.....hella fun Friday night!!!
Just two kids, stupid and fearless.
Real Estate News: Charlie Sheen Set to Buy Beverly Hills Home
Thanks to all are new followers Hey dont forget to check out our page bonzgrafx.com also like us on fb facebook.com/pages/BONZ-Gra… thanks!
I must have been on Alligator Alley when you were. Exceptionally beautiful light this evening.
Another amazing South Florida day. Anyone seeing any live music this weekend?
In my best Mike Epps' voice, Mo Money, Mo Money, Mo Money, Mo Money,
she loves cuddling too ^^ I love her eyes!!
someone slap me in the face
Way to go California; Prop 8 down for the count.
#AmericanIdol Jessica & Holly did The Bangles justice with their swinging rendition of Eternal Flame!
I'm surprised you know what she is lol usually when I mention her, people don't know what a chinchilla is /:
Shit!! Why didn't you invite me to see this broom action. Always the last to know. Sigh.
I'm looking at pictures of puppies so I don't kick something. It's not helping.
hey whats good?
Scrapbookin'. I'm such a loser lol
FUNdraising teams are going to kick ass at amazing race!!
Out of 7 classes only 1 final exam so far. Mostly papers & presentations. Catholic U.
What's the app you use that shows you the sun track in the sky?
Good Morning tweeps!! FREE Pastry day @ Starbucks! Ends at 10:30 so go now! :-)
16 year old girl deported at trolley station in national city...
Looking for a place in Sac with my gurl. It kinda sucks but hey its gunna be well worth it. Looking for that downtown night life.
if you trust someone because they say i swear to god, nuff salad
Hey baby, hope everything is okay! :) i love you very much baby! :D #alwaysandforever! :)
Guess I'll go see her if she ever answer the dam phone?????
goooodmorning everyone! don't forget to come out to our first open house tonight at 7pm! discover what makes us proud to be ΛΠX :)
Favorite Movie voice- Katy perry! ASDFGHJKL #SMURFS2?
Let us know if you want to sell your house.
Two hours til #shehechat! We'll be talking about preparing to present and/or speak at the office or at an event. Join us!
Really excited to get back to NY tomorrow
Is that to say "I look great today?"
when do you work this week my love
I just got soaked by a 3 year old.
I wonder if Cher and Lady gaga marinated and grilled her steak head dress at the VMA celibration dinner
Hello. I found them online and just copy and paste. Search for Facebook text symbols.
oh it's just floating out there waiting to be adopted
You are a kind catch 'n releaser!
why do I feel like our pets heads are gonna fall off?
ya fuck that sucks! How much were you going over?
YES! “: I want Liz Lawley's boots. #il2011”
Glad i d0nt hav that on my list of promblems!
948 and counting.... 52 more LIKES to go! Let's get to 1000! Go Trojan fans, go!! See up at the game! Traveler
Rapped up with her T-shirt on, got the lights turned way down low, radio got's her favorite song and she's singing right along.
That's totally fine because I can't stand Blake Lively. Leighton & Ed make the episodes lively, which Blake does not.
oh GOD, yes!
hey sarah follow me plz
#nowplaying a breath beneath by the absence
Milla Jovovich is Sexy to me especially in her Resident Movies! Lol
SERIOUSLY failed last time I met I was so congested I could barely talk. #lame :/ MUST.REDEEM.SELF.
I think would have been a cooler handle.
The intern hard at work!
congratulations to you both!
Great Job Honey. So proud of you:-)
so we are ready for you at BCC when you are.
One day. Hopefully one of us will be able to tell the story of a lifetime.
3 US libraries and one in Europe were development partners
; i know you got my text heffa
Radio stations! Please play some jazz, tribe called quest, eric b. rakim, ojays, switch, rick james, sade, anita baker, prince, najee???
ESPN has the 2003 NFC Championship game with the infamous 4th and 26th, I feel like throwing up watching this game.
that he is. I admire Barry Trotz. Thanks for the tip.
Does anyone from want to be on the same flight as other members for national conference? DM and I'll give you details
I officially declare today a snow day. Drink 'em if you've got 'em.
BCS doesn't matter today. Chattanooga, Georgia, Alabama matter.
I feel it im at work now lol tweeting
He enjoys taking what he wants until he realizes he has to take care of it.
Who gon stop me?
RT : Imagine a world where guns were replaced with dictionaries. via
So what do you need to risk today so there are no regrets tomorrow?
After 4 weeks off to recover from the accident, back at #p90x today. Hello 5am.
Hey everyone just wondering what to do ??!$
You should be! Not gonna lie LOL
For now.
I hate the kids who always talk about a certain group of people but don't have the balls to say anything in person only on twitter
don't open the door, Howard...
yep. yep.
Our town hall meeting in Ward 3 tonight starts at 6 pm at St Columba's Church, 4201 Albemarle NW.
He could always recall the warmth and tranquility he felt at that moment, which he would understand as an epiphany of love
Calling calling U do hear me is anybody there
i would. Haha. I'm free. hahahaha
#TGIF! There are only two days until #Christmas, how many last minute shoppers will be out there this weekend?
feeling pretty good after hitting the #PickTHree 2$ -> 205
thanks.. good afternoon now :)
Just tried the salt & ice challenge. I don't see what the big deal is. It doesn't hurt THAT bad. :P
Ron Leibman and I just worked on a song from "Anastasia".
Really need to go renew my expired-by-two-days driver's license but am reluctant b/c I'm kinda having a bad hair day. Plus I need a haircut!
Hey Would You Like To Take Part In Oliver's Fan Video? If So, Email .uk A Pic Of You & Your Message =') <3
Baseball weather hits next weekend!!! (but will it stay? oh please, oh please :) )
Flat tire on Friday, broken cassette today. Training wasn't this complicated before.
hey love.... anytime!!!
Go get em haus! : Out for a Saturday night cocktail. Tequila old fashioned. By myself. #ShouldBeEmbarrassedButI'mNot
well? Somebody DM me his email, or vice versa.
We asked students if they were coming to intern in NYC for summer. What about the new grads? Let us know if you are becoming #SUinNYC! :)
“: Me, Jaiden, & Katrina at Cumberland and we came by Bakers to see you but your not here! :(”- im coming to yall:)
looks good(:
It's father's day and loving every minute of it. It's one of the few events where you literally create your own fans.
So of course Kenny Brit decides to surpass his SEASON TOTALS against me. 225 yards and 3 tds WTF IS THAT
I Azusa! I don't rain all that hard but all the water is drippin off the roof right by my window an it's super loud.... -__-
Manning got hit hard.
Congrats, PC! :)
Is it acceptable to moan while getting your hair shampooed? If not, then I apologize to the employees and patrons of Kidz Cutz on 3rd.
glad you agree. :)
Just watched "The Fighter." Doesn't paint a pretty picture of Boston family life. But, sorry to say, it is so realistic.
wait what baby
welcome. Now go to the internets and read/watch ALL the opinions!
hahahah pillows! i love pillows. dreamin bout #pizza and #nutella. laying on
I have fallen for in a big way...
I'm never quite sure if the remains of my food are more appropriate for compost or biodiesel.
i always get the weirdest fwds.
$3 wells and all drafts, and select apps are 1/2 off. T-F 4-7, weekends 11a-2p, and all day Mon! I like too!
amen! “: "If the Shoe fits... You need a dress and a bag to go with it!" ;-) xx”
Healing in a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity
RT - My mama said the Jacksonville Suns can beat the Jaguars . Lmao sad, yet true !
#GuyCode I smashed her....
lady antebellum deserve that album! 3
did u c jb on the voice?
things are great, will shoot you an email to catch up!
Go go! Happy Labor Day weekend to all!
#amc2011 web server has been holding steady at about 1Mbit/s / 5req/s for the past few days!
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up. ~ Denise Richards
Now that you mention it, I should hit the gym.
in Tennessee now on my way to visit family...ready for a relaxin weekend!
School sucks!
You have to ask? You mustn't know about Dater.
How rude!
yeah. Immediate block. Also the generic egg avatar kinda gives it away.
We're also flat out outnumbered.
SmallBizLady A2c) Use the HELP Mantra. Help others, Engage People, Listen First, Promote Yourself Carefully. #smallbizpgh -7:08 PM Jan 17
I knew there would be a group of younger kids on abdc this season trying to replace iconic boys. To bad the girls suck. Hahahan
I got rid of four kitties in less than I day. I'm such a good person
Someone in Kansas drives the good ole Lexus I once drove through a pedestrian sign haha good times right
putting Siri on English (austrailian) so it talks with an accent >>>>
Thank you Nick! Best of luck! RT : Thx!! PackerNation for the love.
Can't blame Liz Lemon. If Paul McCartney forgot who he was, I'd tell him he was my boyfriend too.
That was funny.
Waking up bumpin my ipod & my sister hugging me.! Tehee ^.^
Sitting outside enjoying the sun and listening to the birds- got fill the finch sock so the little piggy finches don't wipe out all the seed
When a person refuses to look at what they are doing as wrong then they have no reason to be honest.
#yourock for that tweet! I was thinking of you earlier while working out a problem. You're always helpful and full of energy!
Now flying LA to home!! Always interesting people to watch at LAX, hah
Desperate. In a good way. Shooting everything. 0-0 though, with a few too many turnovers in the neutral zone.
I would, but I'm in Michigan. Blueberry on my special order list for work tomorrow.
According the the US Census, a family of four making under $19,157 is living in poverty. How much did your car cost?
guess you'll have to get that spam bao for lunch instead.
I know Zach wanna slap the taste outta Blake! I know I do! And Chris Paul talking all that talk.....Grizzlies the better team! Period!
line of the night "what my name is?" Lol,
In lieu of internet service until next Monday #poorplanning I'm watching
Rainy days suck! Duck into The Pub & Restaurant to stay dry.
Comedy Open Mic Night! 8pm. $2.50 Yuengling Drafts & $6 for a dozen wings. Laughs, drafts, and sittin' on yer ass. Sounds good to me.
You have GOT to be kidding me. A grand slam to Stanton?
misses u!
The awesome is coming to speak to at 7 p.m. tonight in PSFA 308. I learned a lot from her the last time she spoke!
why would you wish that on me?!?
PSA: Please stop it with the surprise mailto: links. When my unconfigured Outlook app grinds open, it makes me not want to contact you.
I legit didn't see you wrote this 1 min before I posted it. Great minds, sir.
good is the enemy of great :)
Heading for some shuteye.
I have to talk to her about this once again
Dear Christmas,, I'm wasted
Why am I craving a margarita at 8:30am? Oh, that's right - it's Jimmy Buffett night here at the !
why am I not gettin them?!!!!
actually we should wait til you're in college
no i need more followers -.- lol
Wow! The Hunger Games had the 3rd highest-grossing opening weekend (in the US) of all time! Pretty impressive for a non-sequel!
Nice lips or nice eyes?
with on in TEN minutes! with calling in at 5:15pm PST!!
had a lovely time on IndyStyle this morning! Registration for our 11/6 Etiquette Tea closes at 5!
what has been your fav #SXSW2012 moment?
fuck you Monday.
200 activists camped out in central Moscow to protest the election of Vladimir Putin and arrests of opposition leaders.
Well it is what it is boo! Stay cool
These two little asian girls just started yelling and laughing at me and my dad l0l okay...
Learn something new! RT : I didnt even know "wastey face" was a pairing of words that could be used in a sentence
I am awesome at 2 things: making turkey burgers & the bonus round of Wheel of Fortune. As evidenced by the last 30 minutes.
Just put wild music on my p3
If one more of my former campers (currently aged 15-16) posts on facebook about this movie signaling the end of their childhood....
yes they are but not till Monday of next week.
yeah. names wouldn't matter if culture is good.
Congrats on the #iPad! If you send funds for grad school, I'll send funds for apps.
woke up to a blissful dog pile: four kids and a puppy, tangled covers, shrieks and barks of delight on a crispy-clear Saturday morning.
no prob :) what are you doing
Farmer's Market at Cathedral Square today, and then a private event later tonight. Make sure to book the truck for your own parties today!!
least this walking to work, running around after kids and no lunch breaks mean losing weigh is easier :)
belated congratulations on the award! you deserve it, you amazing multitasking, creative-thinking,dedicated librarian-to-be!
Everyone's raiding Looney Tunes in the middle of Boylston. So Berklee I can't even handle it.
finally had chipotle for the first time in forever, never felt better.
Global Perspectives...SMH..This needs to end now..
Toy pa' mi.
Hopefully we win!!!
Nd Your Reason For Giving A Fuckk Is? ? Let Me Know
One of our members may or may not be being serenaded by Diego Val...
Langley said he went to the board of UCAN with complaints about activities, and Peffer sent a letter to the board.
I stayed away for almost 4 years. Came back and not much had changed. Unsubscribe!
RT : how Jay Spearing didn't get man of the match I don't know, he was phenomenal for Chelsea today
"CP Time" lives! LOLOLOLOL! No worries brother. we are all BUSY!
Morning! Can't nobody do me like the Jesus!
LoL! Thank you! It's kinda creepy like it's trying to peck my eyes out or something. Eek!
Dinner's on the grill, and it's been an absolutely splendid sunshiny day!
That pitch was right down the middle! Im sure he was pissed they didnt throw him a curve outside & in the dirt to swing at.
how about a fiction book using some of your experiences, kinda like secret driary ofna call girl but with
#SomeHoeSomeWhere is in alot of pain, lacks self love, uses sex t as a bandaid for that pain, & to feel loved. God loves you,YOU CAN STOP!
Arkansas State Fans: Did you know: ASU and UCA rivalry dates back to 1916?
fair play to Liverpool.
Getting ready for Todays Matinee Show at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club!
Updated drunk driving news blog with new design. www.drunkdrivingduilawblog.com. Add your DUI legal site today.
Jiro Dreams of Sushi - beautiful digital doc, great shallow focus - a bit too much of a celebration of conspicuous consumption for my taste
3rd person at the gym that's asked me if I was training for a fitness competition
At first presb already this morning
We got into collecting pinball machines because everything is broken or playing bad out there. We actually play our machines.
Dude, that calendar is just full of when.
Hey :) do you have a contact for production
It's very early for me. Not sure why I couldn't sleep--awake since 4 a.m.
I thought we were a virus, consuming more than our share until it's all gone and dying in our own waste. So funny. Not!
Happy Friday! We hope everyone has a productive day and a great weekend!
Apr 14,1912: WSC: Germany with splendid army and warlike people can't appreciate how an island like Britain feels about a rival naval power.
iron man 2? Huh?
saw her with my own eyes.
The Mayor's Youth Townhall on Athletics @ Deanwood Rec. Ctr. was awesome! DC Youth Rock!!!
Thanks! We're working hard to do so!
its coming soon!!! ol :) be patient dear lol
(Maybe a #Milwaukee #arts group, say, Next Act?!) RT It's #FundraisingFriday! consider giving $10 to your favorite nonprofit
Another page for your brand to help get your OWN content in the first page of search results...Google + Brand page.
All the nights I got 4 hours of sleep just to be back at work so I could have what they said I'd never get
I, Paige Aldrich, dislike the dentist. Very very much.
That does sound cool. Congrats.
This is second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since November. What can be done to make this block safer?
LOL had great time at the ATL clubs last nite. LOL was my first and possible last time though
thanks dude, where were you lastnight? Don logan went in B O G O T A!
#TateRousey Rousey is gonna stay undefeated
from. thank you so much! well done! -from a Karen political refugee now living in Colorado
Hate to say but I always seem to be wrong about guys, all end up being assholes, shallow, & not worth my time. I hope one day I find right..
Sht just drove me. GoodNight.
Oh no! :( Bear with us, the team is working hard to get ya covered!
If you need a Win, Mac and Network guy for your business let me know because I have got a great IT dude to recommend in NY/NJ area.
Work in the am.
The holiday inn... No place ever like it...
The family is s over watching the race for
Could be a good name for your show -Ben, Chris and total idiots with no clue!
How many requests for personal loans do you get daily from your 5,628,452 followers on Twitter? I have an over/under bet going.
I hate that I'm always sick 😢😢😢
At the San Diego Zoo...sitting in a van. Oh well!
Congratulations to our winner! RT
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Cloudy With a Chance of titties
American baby boom counter culture went from left to right. hippie to tea party. Be here now, to holier than thou.
Thanks for following us!!
I better get started on my homework. Ok, so it's 5:25 I'll tweet when I'm done.
A woman is like a tea bag. She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
come up to ub this weekend will ya
You too, sweet gal! :)
It's homework day!!! (Which autocorrect somehow changed into "homework fat" before I caught it, which I guess applies too.)
Wtf? Some woman just randomly came into my cube and starts going through some packets that she left with me. Um... Excuse me???
Thanks, Mike!
Someday in the future, we'll get a radio station called "The Joint" with their call letters stamped on rolling papers or small baggies.
How Im Fake. My Bad I Called U Cuz I Missed U On The Lo Lol
ur in love that's all lol
Justin should release all of the t-shirts. RT if you would buy them;)
#mamamafia won't tell ;)
And I am boycotting Rush Limbaugh's sponsors cause I'm tired of racist and sexist rants on air.
EMAC students & more will be showing their projects at the Showcase tomorrow! Come see!
i have netflix on phone but only works in 4G
I sent you a song.
wow ok!! thats progress lbs
what go down homie
“: #MyGoals are too meet one direction” oh yeah. Me too....
This opening of #Scandal is great. This writing.....untouchable.
great stash. I can't wait to start reading them all. I'm having Avengers withdrawal. I want to keep seeing it over & over again
Bout to pull up on this meeting in my tiny shirt and my tiny pants man
can u go on prezi plz!!! ASAP!!!
Did you get my email last week?
Response to D. Brooks (NYT 08/31) SF Hillel is small and modest but a 2nd home to students. It's about building relationships not buildings.
OMG! The tour dates come out tomorrow!!! I'm so nervous that I wont be able to go >~<
Everybody been tweeting the same quote#find something new
Whose the one yuh cn count on being there?
y is it so hard to get a follow from u
....Scream all u want no one gonna hear u, i hate nightmares!!!....
When you feel down, ice cream cheers you up!
#nowplaying Nate Dogg / On Pandora | R.I.P. Nate Dogg
I cut my thumb....how ever will I tweet?
You're so beautiful and talented megan<3333
Yes Pinball Magic was made by Capcom.
Any kind in particular? We home brew a wide variety. Come check us out!
Sully Sullenberger, do you mind driving Lindsay Lohan home? Make sure you don't hit a goose, especially a grey goose.
It's automatic some might call it insane.
Great day of moving n shakin now to complete it! Workout then PASSOUT! Lolz sleepasaurus rex
u don't need to be a wizard to know felton is gone.
Newbury is sporting Apple-Cinnamon flavor! Tis the fall (season), but the rise of deliciousness. Try it with the fresh figs we just got in.
kids are more intuitive than we think, he probably knows what's coming. #good luck
If you want to get into or return to tabletop RPGs, I can report that the #pathfinder beginner box is awesome.
Agreed! It was quite tasty! “: Sunday lunch underway in Beaune; 2009 Raveneau Valmur is an excellent aperitif.”
i just now realized what S/O is... but well giving a S/O back lol :DD
dang. your gorgeous without makeup girl(:
We'd like to invite you to try a new live event app being developed by a friend of ours. For an invite, just send us a message.
I freak out like everytime tweets!
are YOU masturbating?
I am just now looking:) I should have went to bed and not stayed up so late
Long Island show...traffic has potentially pushed our arrival to ten min before we play
hate hate hate!!!! Keep it goin' tho..
As i pulled in he flared his feathers out like he was pissed about something. I don't want to get in the mix with this turkey. :-/
send me hate tweets for a video?
I'm so beast. I made a grilled cheese sandwich ...in the TOASTER
Thank you for all of your enthusiasm for , Michael! Initial orders on track to ship by end of April. Cheers!
It would be #SWAG to tell people that followed me on the first day I made this twitter and the day he reached 200k Mahomies!<3
After all is said & done, a hell of alot more is said than done
Donna Frye: Prop A is one of those trumped-up solutions looking for a problem. City is not now required to use them
I wanna tell you everything i ever wanted to say, but i never do, everytime i see you.
Man Danny Granger sucks!
I'm back to focusing on me again tired of being pushed to the side so I'm doing my own mixtape called "SELF MADE" BY DJ DONTE GREEN
come to NY. We'll have a ball.
I have new-bike fever!
Blow Out T-Shirt Sale @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com. 2 shirts for $20.00
spending this lovely spring afternoon in the fine company of spinoza
Going out tonight
Is the wrapper on a cigar falling apart while smoking a sign of bad humidification, poor quality, both, or neither?
igaf no brain cells anyway lmao
PLEASE STAY IN CLEVELAND
Turn into 98.5 for the 5oclock bump in the truck with your great (: get it!
I seriously think the Greenfield B Team in Colt/Pony League hit better than the Buccos of today
I hope I can meet you at the concert in L.A I'm so excited! My dream is gonna come true if I meet ❤
Dang, sugar wolf by Autumn to Ashes brings back so much memories
The Bulls-76ers matchup is going to be very boring..the best player on the court is hurt, and neither team has exciting players. 💤
Glad you liked it. We think 10-year-old stamp collectors are pretty cool. :)
Happy Passover, Easter, Spring Full Moon! thanks for all the SOs! Taking a Twitter writing break...
Off to the park to play with the babies. So glad I finished my cooking at night and can just have fun with them all day! Happy day all!!!
why so I continue to attempt to fix a non problem..you cant move on in web site design if the page doesnt look the way it should...
“ Expect Greatness Today!”
BASEBALL! Still sad #MiamiMarlins got #Ozzie & #Buehrle but happy the baseball season is here :)
"You compose because you want to somehow summarize in some permanent form your most basic feelings about being alive, to set down... some...
re-skin. I was being facetious
wel, the stuff coming out about concussions is scary, and the economics have always been crappy for schools in general.
Has that Kia Sandman commercial played yet?
nice to be back home
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
just for funsies? or a reason? i'm always curious why people use the favorite function.
is Teal Bunbury still in your future or immediate plans?
Random head cold is in full-effect. Ugh.
Happy Oaks Day! Applied microeconomist teaching MBA managerial, MBA and PhD quant courses, and policy analysis.
This session reminds me of how dope arrangements were
Morning y'all!!!
am I gonna see you tomorrow or are you not playing in Indy this weekend?
Whenever I try to follow it says FORBIDDEN
Ha, that's looking doubtful as I glance out the window.
#20ThingsAboutMe i can move my pinky withouy moving my ringfinger, try it, i know you cant
At the Clift Hotel meeting next great guest star. My god, and were right - the chairs here are for GIANTS.
three little kids are sitting on the ground reading Brown Bear @ the top of their lungs. When stumped they mumble then check the next pic.
Why? I have been watching The Universe on the History Channel.
so many damn moves today. sheesh
Good food Service so-so but what's with the chick sitting outside with a suitcase??
People can be so dificult...#Smh it shouldnt take all that to do one simple thing..
How realistic is this: Gingrich wins IA w/ landslide, comes 2nd in NH but with higher % of vote than expected ...
When you keep trying something that isn't working. You lose the desire to try.
Why is it that is ALWAYS out of town and I am home alone when we have storms? Praying no damage!
I really can't be caught up in the superficial ways of society. What's important? Make a better world by being a better person.
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
“The statue in the harbor is a lovely sight/The Rockettes in precision are a sheer delight.”
yeah I was pissed. Everything that could've gone wrong today at the airport, has. I've pretty much given up on today. 
You guys were #AMAZING it was so great meeting you! :) Hopefully we'll see you again soon :)
They should make a movie about Portland! I loved the video! :)
Hard tacos are easy to make!
Some folks try to us their degrees, to impress me. Take a seat. I like folks who are laid back and been through the struggle like me.
Everyone go follow now!
We love you and your mom! <3
So how long until X-Men, exactly? ;)
that's wy Tommy Kinkaidz is our greatest artist ever!
Does this mean no Rolling Rock in the near future!?
Some people are just rude
Just burned 600 calories
Anyone and everyone couldn't add up to how much you mean to me.<3
Comic book talk at Etnies with !!!
I don't know how to use this thing lol I miss you love
Blueberry ale at the oldest tavern in the US!
Heading outdoors for nightly meditation
lol YES! hahaha i love it
What's worse? Going to bathroom in a public restroom? Or an underground poker club?
and td drive right before fg drive
Girl I Need You ,So Lets Just Work It Out
good to hear. yeah, I'll be on tonight at meadowlark and tomorrow at walnut, show in Boulder on the 30th
Just got the most amazing package from - thank you for all the samples! Order was perfect, as usual. :D
And this is to long. Just say thank you and sit down. Just sayin'.
Graduation Day!!!!! And Happy St. Pattys Day :)
Glad we can help! Thanks for the shout-out!
Thank you for including me!
Anybody from my 540 followers want to help!?
:D RT : OH: It's so good, I saw white people order it.
I got it already!
'You can be better' isn't what we're arguing about.
This Steve Bartman documentary on ESPN is incredible. I can't believe it's been 8 years!!
Tough call...appreciate #Ravens redzone D anyway...watch out for Pernell McPhee
At the end of the day people are always going to have an opinion of you, but what matters most is that you are happy w/you.
RT RT Prayers go out to Joe Philbin's and his family body that they found in river was his son.
Congrats on the #TeenChoiceAward nomination ! You need another little surf board! ;)
spooky october. i need to get my halloween garb!
You got it! If it weren't for a little Mumbai-belly I'd put on ten kilos here :) Fave Southern spot?
hey guys, I live in buffalo ny, but I really took a liking to your vinyl privacy fences. Can you install where I am?
nice to virtually meet you :)
Anyone know where I can get screens re-meshed in the #Pittsburgh area?
lol yeo but I'm mostly just polish an german
Nearly one in four active internet users in Europe visit unlicensed sites monthly.
you suck at coming up with insults :P
pokemon is great
haha ur welcome and if u want anymore just tweet me! Lol
I have the most amazing wife. Mommy and baby are doing great. 6 lbs 15 oz and 19-3/4".
it sure is ... it was crazy!!
Special thx to Keely from who,with words from fans describing Jordan,created this awesome wallpaper. She's sweet, loving....
Okay no more people from school will follow me because I will block them. It makes me uncomfortable.
Woo Hoo is right!!!
Oh wait, those bankers didn't get in trouble.
Where the heck is !? Nobody knows... Hahha
Please pray for the sex traffic industry to be shut down, and for the slaves to be free...
my new betrothed is very rich and lives near the lake in a big apt w/2 ladies
Totally. It's really good. It took way too many people giving praise for me to check it out.
Love you too!!!
I am seeing some amazing demo's of paid/earned technologies lately - bye bye old media!
Grapes are better sour
Molly! Do you live in Chicago or in our tiny busted-sidewalk hamlet of Highwood? If so, then yes, absolutely.
RT : Teen Hoot is getting so big.. you might actually have to start holding it at an arena. LOL.
Holding her hand in public is just another way of saying you're proud to have her, that makes her feel wanted and loved/
Me too. Most likely inside a capsule. ;) RT : Someday I'll be at the cosmodrome!
literally danced her pants off.
ah ok Cachái (gotcha)
wow u just levined that
the sock graveyard
Sounds liKE Fun!!! jealous
As of now I will no longer claims things lol
Sorry for the confusion! /library/ was actually retired
right back at you! What a pleasure talking marketing, giving back, and everything else this morning!
Earthquake in Japan, President Obama speaking live, visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
rip it tonight Holmes!!
Looking forward to having a dependable Internet connection again of any kind (3G or wireless) once I leave Vegas. (On my 5th try)
how am I a bitch?
http:fixoutlook.org Check this out and maybe we all can make a difference!
adding to the stat, I believe that less than 20% of americans recycle their old cell phones
Just finished reading my first print copy of So much good stuff! At the same time I feel like such a beginner writer now...
Obsessing over the band British Electric Foundation!!! Makes you feel.
So THAT'S why we kinda look alike! ;-)
This was all just so ridiculous..They took this way too far.
My Flickr photos don't generally get a lot of views. Today was an exception. Thanks for the tweet! =)
No matter the words - wishing you the very bestest of birthdays...and may you spend it with family, friends, & loved ones.
u kno its the truth lol:-)
thats fed up
Wow. certainly knows how to celebrate. That sculpture looks huge.
Protocol Most auditions are blown before the actor starts speaking.
Agree: We need to make education more about learning. Disagree: its about the tools.
looking forward to the new EP, Boots!
Listen to this KID CUDI:BIGGER THAN YOU cool stuff the man on the moon speaks the truth son!
first day in the new school
what if Birth marks are where you were killed in another life?
I never learn
I am as excited to read the post on Friday as I am for Phillies Baseball. Is that wrong?
That dresser's still looking at me. Judgmentally. Somehow I don't think Hanes tagless undershirts meet its standard.
Reading the #craigslist #personals again. Seriously, am I the only person I know who does this for #fun?
Eek. That's a thing that happens?
Oh dear heaven...
Goodnight twitter
haha whatcha mean? What's up!
my mother and her sisters all look identical
where will the action be tonight?
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer ~ Joseph Groban
7 Watt GU10 LED Bulb could replace 60W Halogen Bulbs. It can be used as resecced Lighting, track Lighting, Warm White light!
I do. I go frequently
yeah its nice!
please dont emind me what happened in 6th grade t sad when i have flash backs about it i have ADHD so my behavor is bad
We lost a champion: Where the Wild Things Are author Maurice Sendak has died. He was 83. RIP.
Especially when I get together with Arrington and Malik and Lacy and other bloggers and we see that we got the same pitch
With Jimmy Jackson, Joe Panetta, and others at 2012 Health Hero Awards.
: o wow at least it was a gr8 game
Any recommended readings on consolidating and capitalizing in a career?
looking for a part time job...nights and weekends only...any suggestions?
So who wants a photoshoot package done for $55?
Goodnight, don't wanna wake up.
Hudson shuts eyes for police officer's painful description of finding her ... - The Republic
HTC-Headed To Church, but Pres. Obama remarks at correspondents dinner were funny! Is he "really" to down to earth and cool - really?
HAHA love it
You're welcome! Have a great weekend in beautiful MI!
Thanks for the mention T.A.!
lol.. why is it that everyone thinks I'm a bot?
RT USA wins the World Championships title with Russia in second and China in third. What a great night of women's gymnastics #gousa!
#GLEEremembersWhitney This is gonna be fierce
Guess who got pulled over? :D
Guys, we all knew that Harry was gay..
some kid. ;P
Lots of smoke in crystal city underground. Parts of the underground walkway closed off. Fire alarms going off
go back to work
np birthday girl !! ......how about some vertual birthday punches ?! ;)
Today is Bike to Work Day! Who rode their bike to work today?
stop the violence boys...! :)
oh ok. why does everything remind me of you. can i go back like 3 months and do things differently so now you'd be mine and not hers?
HAHAHAAAA! That's awesome!
Fletcher's Top 4 downloads are coming up. Can you guess todays theme?
found Popsicle molds at Walmart!!!
Beer o' clock... my favorite time of day.
And they're like, it's better than yours!
I love my girlfriend so much :)
Researchers unravel the complexities of coupled protein binding and folding and lead others towards new drug targets.
Man, installing w/ Xcode command line tools only 😃
696969 we were at the chicago concert together! you're both so funny and pretty. we should talk a lot more && your account is amazing(:
My mom has legit been talking to me for the past 10 minutes and I am paying not one bit of attention to anything she's saying.
It is raining in Detroit, Michigan. I am happy!
Starting your own business = going into sales. Never thought I'd spend so much time trying to sell things and actually enjoy it.
Never been to #Loblaws. What are some #kosher highlights at #Walmart?
On my way to another party, I'm super tired and I need to do my HW -_-
We would like to welcome Aaron, our new General Manager!!
Hi Alex - were you referring to the post at TalentZoo?
is offering a Free Iphone to a lucky winner in San Diego if we can get more followers then the San Diego !!
Cousin <3 what's going on?): text me.
Checking out Obama's "first-ever" virtual interview. Google+ Hangout. bit.ly/wo2otj
the national #cherryblossom parade
no I am gonna be n Sweden 4 the next 6 days :)
repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop and #plndr to save 20%! because you know we all LOVE mary jane ;)
Pull the account now!
Thanks so much for following and sharing your knowledge and experiences. Take care and best wishes.
The stink of skunk outside my house reminds me that spring has arrived and that skunks smell awful.
-Check out RichmondNightOut.com for your free listing next week and let us know if u want to post specials and coupons !
I'm on a vacation in Boston come and visit!lol staying at the four seasons plz come!!!:) lol that would be cool though:)
oh, thank you! That's a relief.
21 years married to my beloved on this day.
cato is so hot
ughh finals this week :(
Like you know my life story
": Well said well said!" Thanks Kyle. We're definitely gonna miss you.
yeah, me too.
RT : Glad to know The Quotable Hoose is going strong.
come to Florida(:
I'm watching #MirrorMirror on the and pinning fashion from forever21 to pinterest. I am a #fashionista!
It's my last chance to play for 8 weeks :( If Hawks win, then YAY GAME 7...if they lose? I don't want to see the carniage :P
#Mahler Symphony No 2 is without a doubt one of the best pieces ever written. #excellence in
Thanks for sharing! Do you have secrets for success to share?
Apparently The Mariners knew what they were doing
- Anything sugar-free usually works. Always good 2 have connections.
Don't change for anyone, because your choices and who you are are a stronger bond than being perfect.
I Just Took Off Im On A...#AllNightFlight!
RT : National Kissing Day 😘
SFO! My Middle of Nowhere->Scottsdale->Las Vegas tour of the desert was brutal!! I sense a 24 nap coming on...
#denverleadership Thiry "world class meeting facilities cannot be underestimated. They bring Sr. Leadership back again and again"
yes;p
Thanks for being an awesome customer!
so did you finish your labs?!
How'd it go with the fans today in the JORTS Center? Great W!
Germanium causes argentium sterling to have a high resistance to tarnish.
Well, some nights, I wish that this all would end 'cause I could use some friends for a change.
great meeting u too! Pls send me link to ur 23 things. Good luck with program
Finished bottles of shampoo and conditioner at the same time.
whoa just payed attention to your pro pic.. ( ^ o ^ )
About freaking time!
“: Can't wait to meet later this month! It'll be a honor and dream come true! #BritneyRobinSimonLADemi" YES!
#currentlyjamming Metal Thunder on
"Santeria" by Sublime
"If you aren't making mistakes you aren't taking enough risks" Melinda Brody
To find yourself, think for yourself. Socrates
I called you earlier?! :o
Our favorite client is having great success with text marketing - had a slot to fill tomorrow, texted his list just now, filled! Love it!
#CM Punk Is the Best in the World man
Hopefully all my studying, and hard worked paid off this semester...
lol that's what sunglasses are for!
No, cause I'm sweating and I'm not having sex!
just rock the guys section :)
Social 6... I hope someone shows up...
One of Texas's great contributions to American cuisine (Frito pie) has a wider reach than I thought!
Excuse me ? You Ratchet as hell. #WhyUJustPost that nasty ass picture ?? C'mon now
Man, email is so formal and cumbersome...thank you Mark Zuckerberg for solving this dire situation.
Awesome article, thanks
