Will do!
"I'm sorry Dave..." RT : #bbbT Asked Siri the meaning of life: "I don't know why you would ask that question of an animate object"
Good morning Fred Roggin? You have the best sports voice!
Did you ask them to look into for their future ippv's ?
oh you tease!!! Lol so Friday, bay cafe happy hour?! Then Saturday there is something called wine in the woods. Think about itt
annd get on yahoo ill be on in tten
Thanks for following Hun.(:
Tomorrow morning is gonna kick my butt.
RT A4cwsn will give an iPad away to a Military Family at Noon EST on Christmas day
there isn't a student at IUP who wouldn't have saved that third goal. I give him a pass on the second one. Shoulda been dead
Great! RT we started our study on #SunStandStill in life group tonight! Praying for our "Page 23" visions. The BEST is yet to come
Good move for both sides.
CONGRATS JUSTIN !!!! We are young but We can #makeachange , #muchlove , #beliebers (:
my black ass got caught up from a status aint dat bout a bitch
On using vid vs text: If you can send at least 1 video & 1 text article, 1 is likely "speaking their language."
they just answered it for ya lol
Um...is Adele really considered pop? I thought she was more soul.
. made a similar comment in Rhetoric panel's Q&A. MT : [...]Because this is feeling very closed & male.
what up bro. How's things
thx! I had no idea that was there, having looked even earlier today. Perhaps I didn't know "Mobilizer" is a word.
As a UK fan in Dallas, I wanted to say thanks for the article on Mr Wildcat. Very well done and took me back to my roots.
explains things RT he could not play any longer this season with out getting the condition corrected by surgery
Thanx for the holiday shout outs, Be well & do good
Giants select David Wilson rb
that explains all the tornado reports today....hm.
RT : RT : Serious question, were you a Heat fan prior to 2011?
when's Havens next episode!?!?
Silence is bliss. *qua*
precisely the place. How'd you like staying here? I hope you partied in Boulder....
they did this digitally??? Magic!!! Makes sense. He's super scrawny where it's perfect and I love him and I want to marry him.
It's the best kind of snow. :)
nope just the study guides. Yeah it is TOO nasty.
Yes! Meet us for dinner! We'll be there Sat evening.
oatmeal...what a delight. It's the small things...
Sad news out of the New Leaf camp. (See previous RT) But at least they're all in good spirits. And they have a hit on their hands!
KARAOKE WITH MY UNCLE SANG A BETHANY JOY GALEOTTI SONG....WHEN THE STARS GO BLUE...... THANKS BETHANY
Although it's really old .
Love the show so far. I now have a new show to share with my husband. Thanks for being so honest.
its a great day to be a hawk! #classic #4#
wearing a dive mask, preparing for upcoming trip
Dalton and Green can be quite the tandem for a long time, you watch
Looking for some talented people in a Client Engagement type of role. Part Consulting and Part Sales focused on CRM, eCommerce, collaborat…
today was all about upper body..lotsa arm weights whew ;)
LOL RT : BREAKING: I'd like to announce I'm suspending reading anything further about the candidacy of Herman Cain.
Thanks for the follow Matt - and for signing the #crowdfunding petition!
Butter it is - will make reservations there - see you mid May!
New follower. (Shameless groupie!) Enjoy your #SXSW experience next week!
Great Album!
Had a Good Bday!!!!
Immigrants are more likely to be interested in worldclass sports events than TO's hardcore sports fans. Immigrants + Visitors = Success
Man, my back sucks. Cadillac is too small for these road trips. In indiana somewhere catching a break, hour and a half or so to go.
Alex, Glad you are back to keep Ant in line for a while. :)
me to
---thank you, Coach!
Im ready to get my workout in so I can layout all day 👍👏☀👙
It is what it is.
You're a skater and a thug?? I did'nt know you could be both
Tried on a lotion that smells horrible!!
at dfw w/sporting kc soccer team; crazy looking dudes w/huge watches on-soccer lol
Statement from family: Dick Clark passed away this morning at the age of 82 following a massive heart attack.
Girls night at Blue with you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO NICKI MINAJ!!! I LOVE YOU!!!
Most welcome - good content should be shared!
I LOVE the amazing actress Michelle Williams so much! I just think she is one-of-a-kind! :) shes my fav fav fav fav favvvv person!
Farmer & jackson are tough to listen to for more than a few innings. I met them leaving Target Field last year. Nice guys.
ahahahahahahhahaha hell no
Prove it to me.
Omg! I'm crazing krispy kremes and kool-aid!
LOL dang right ... my rice ain't sticky LOL
Our flight has been cancelled. God will make a way.
That is so true because just found out my best friend is a
Can anyone remember where #johntesh played on new years y2k? Can't find it online but remember it was epic
yes! but how? lol
Good news at doctor today! No surgeries to be had! Fibroid exploded and now in the clear. Woot woot!
We will get the latest on Lee Evans during today's AFTERNOON DRIVE @ 2pm ....
MT Ugh. Greenwald and Steve Schmidt on tonight? ... what else is on.. | Obama hater And Token Republican
I knew about Karmin before she even went on SNL.... Am I a hipster yet?
The thick and juicy Nacio Puente will be in your hands soon. Prey for Blessing. Book 4 of The Embellish Saga coming August 2012.
Has anyone seen Herman Cain in the pilgrim hat? ?
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something wrong happens.
No donughts again :/
lol he hugged me twice but i didnt go up to jc cause he was with his friends i just yelled hi (:
Follow some of our new organizing crew: , , & Or meet them tonite at Killingsworth Lucky Lab, 7p.
Our new salad bowls are made of 95% recyclable materials. That's keeping more than 2.5 million pounds of plastic out of landfills.
Also, zombie talent show.
God..love a good road trip. Especially with !! #dollsinacar 👑
nice view!
10 years from now, we will look back & wonder who decided that standardized test scores were most important thing in education. DianeRavitch
today launched a new handle, geared towards women. Check out for info on their athletes and the gear they love (CL)
is confirmed for Much Ado About Brew: save the date -April 2nd at Jack London Square Oakland. get tix www.kgoradio.com/beer
I heart -- car payment slashed!
Bout to get this shape up, go home pack for an hour take a nap til 7:30 then il b up n ready for the night
thank you for the #ff. I look forward to following!
The chances of Dawn marrying any of them is very low. The little bitch doesnt know who she wants.
RT : RT : ‎"College football is the world's greatest game, there's just nothing like it."
Watch my ass while I'm drunk as fuck
You inspire me--> RT: ✩Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. ~Henry Ford
your welcome:)
Looks like there will be a cleanup on aisle 5.
These are the nights that I even wonder why I bother cheering for the #Bucks. Simply atrocious tonight.
don't ever give up!
Damn didn't know you wanted some, I'm not making more but *cuts mine in half* here you go homie hahah
Heading over to the #emerge2012ASU kickoff.
Heard the 'Call You Maybe' cover of and . Amazing
would also live to see the -- am doing the t&p dance all too soon!
#bcs2012 kudos to for her steel backbone in facilitating a VERY heated discussion of opinionated geeks. You go, girl!
Ohhhhp true lol it can't be worst than Jasmine right ? ;DD
Aww, it'll be awesome! No worries.
Exhibit: Tell People the Story- Gus Potthoff paints to remember his fellow prisoners of war, who built the Burma Thailand Railway during...
I'm quite intrigued with the IMPI Toolbox and wish I was there!
ha ha you just admited you did it
My fashion sense is legendary, I have a real eye, ask anyone
Watching Lady and the Tramp, I really don't get why cats are always portrayed as bad. They're snuggly and fluffy.
IT'S WORTH ITT!
with it!
follow back please?:D
Looks like we are going to #LLO 2012 together. Congrats! Can't wait to see you there.
thanks a bunch man :D
I really hate autocorrect sometimes
Never stop photographing. It is very likely that your best photograph has not yet been captured.
jealous. To top it off did you get to see the cubs blow that lead?
anytime :D
Hey, thanks for sharing our piece.
damn loosing followers... help me out
please follow me? It would make my day<3
There is WMC weekend with Ultra and also The Miami Dade County Fair is going on ... What is everyone doing for the Weekend??
RIP Junior Seau
bro no lie! You really might can this summer if your 100% down
I remember thinking why was Dewayne Wayne SO OBSESSED!
oops shoulda been a text to wife.
Hate them? They probably want to stand up and stretch and/or get away from the halitosis they sat next to.
Success doesn't come to you...you go to it. ~ Marva Collins
thankyou - u honor us greatly
Jan 31: Female Hip Hop Competition - "Daughters of Hip Hop" $1,000 (CASH) Grand Prize! Judged by Grammy Award Winning Producer "ROCKWILDER".
Don't have enough time in your day to read but love reading, check out my microstories in the link to follow and let me know your thoughts.
RT : o yeah! #evaluate!
man Kimbark always tryna get a nigga to work
lol. they weak anyway
I love you
Hope u all had a good day.. dam. Hospital wont let me leave.. lol
lol I get you!
yes he is
Dunno why they didn't just go for the two yards... :-/
I am happy to pass on the info. I live in KC too.
Army men <3 yummy.
omg ! That sucks :/ on break to ! Feel better soon !
I've been to Lipari and Pozzallo, I would agree with that list.
My journey has come to an end, I talked too a lot wise people on this journey. my CONCLUSION iz women hold the biggest grudges ever
Alright term paper... It's me and you.
Easy stallion, just don't want you tired for the Rollout!
Prep ?s on possible book revisions. Try to get specific answers, if possible.
Reclining, bare skin, in the rain. Each drop a caress. Bliss.
I'm a stress blinker... #modern family
the pickle commercial makes me laugh out loud. every time.
I'm working from a coffee shop because I didn't want to be alone. Will join you shortly to eat my wraps.
good question, but no idea what the answer is. perhaps the twittersphere knows? or the googles?
Watching how harry met sally. Never seen the entire movie before
#Heat are going bananas in CRYami. 5 straight wins!!! Wait? Losses? Are you sure? The #Heat lost 5 straight? Doesn't add up!
Don't ever give up on life. Life can be so beautiful, especially after you've spent a lot of time with it. Move up!
Boys are like a box of chocolates; sometimes you have to spit a few out before you get the good one.
yes!!! Happy Sunday indeed
okay :) now I can go back to yelling at my TV!
#LOHANTHONY <3 please i would dir if you gave me a shoutout
Had a great time at #pnwds. Thanks to all the organizers, sponsors, volunteers, and the presenters that brought the awesome content!
thank you for being at #mf2011. I hope you make it to more programs. They've got a lot of great stuff to choose from.
"Integrity" who inspiers you ?
The Playbook of Eli
that picture of austin and romo is just too adorable i cant handle it.
If you go chasing rabbits you know you're going to fall, right?
Who is feelin da heat like I do!
I want to cry.. that makes me so mad... I love my dad and that joke was so uncalled for. Fuck you.
You going to Rush in Indianapolis?
wait, wait, wait.... #TeamGhana?
baaah. i'm bored. and i'm too lazy to do anything entertaining.
Got copies of the new album in the trunk..get at me for a copy!
What does a zen master say at the hot dog stand? "make me one with everything"
you still on fb too ?
RT RT My life is so much cooler now that Sam Elliot has agreed to narrate it.
i hope the people on the lax on plane 703 are alright
miss u too!! Come down w becca!!
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse! I hope a good night was had by all and I hope your day is off to a great start!
A peanut fix me sum of dat dick gregory
Up. Coffee, granola, blogs, clean the bedroom. Yes. Also, drinking alone isn't as much fun as it used to be.
What's up, world? How is everybody today?
Sea Otter 2012: Redline&#39;s new carbon fiber frames
“: Soyuz TMA-04M CDR Padalka just radioed that they have a good view of the Space Station. #NASA #ESA”rt
15 mph wind expected blowing out to left-center at Goodman 1 tonight good news for Big 10's power hitters, 90 degree temps a different story
Cats take care of Vandy, Georgia you are next to get run over by the BIG BLUE TRAIN !!!!
Love my team
“: Battier is weak as fuckk!!” Game over
he does have one of the best notary stamper thingies in the United States of Texas.
“: Thank you for the follow!!!” Thank You for following me=) xoxo
#FF Columbia 'treps making it happen
#ihate guys thats y im single
I never heard of that county. lol. I worked in montgimery and lived in bmore. other than that I know pg cty. bc of family.
Nice... I just heard my buddy Easan on KCPR talking about leasing solar.
knocked out from playing with kia all afternoon..
Large gravitational hub that all data goes through. Concentrates. Data..52% of books in physical libraries are never circulated
Bon voyage, Paul! Say hello to the old country & eat some Jacob's cream crackers for me. Had an odd craving for them last night.
Closing in on the guest singer line-up for Queen ...
ok good. Yeah we got back a little bit ago....
that would be so awesome!it was forever ago.haha remember whn y'all came to Wichita falls,TX?
26 on the Orange County/Los Angeles charts on blues. Oh so close to the first page! Thanks so much. If you like us keep spreading the...
Bought my boyfriend's mom flowers & the cutest card ever
At safe house screening can't wait to see Denzel on screen
Thanks for the feature!
I pretended to play trombone in hi school so I could travel to away games. In a big band, no one notices when you fake it.
Having a fever sucks!! But I have my baby to make me feel a little better ;)
After I finished Murakami's 1Q84 last night I actually found myself checking to make sure there isn't a second moon. Nope, still just one.
And besides im pretty sure #oomf doesnt like me
attempts to watch football but just sings show tunes.
what up cool cuz
a sketchwriter is an improviser bent over a desk with a pen wet with inspiration going faster and fas--wow, still sexual.
Great, thanks for all the insight!
yes I am too ;)
This morning, cold outside but I have one track to complete and then on to the mastering ordeal.
COME TO THE UK
love you 2 =]
My daddy's right, just need distance myself from certain people and all there crap. Maybe it'll help.
time to clock in boys! I hope Tebow tries to run. You think the hit on McCoy was hard!
I LOVE Hayley Williams!!! 💜❤ Like you guys don't even understand how much! I would prob die if I met her! Seriously..
cuz tht movie go hard in the paint...."just let the storm clouds chase everyone in the place"........im happy agian singing
After this Ap bio final tomorrow morning, the BIGGEST weight will be lifted off my shoulders...
hi i went real site seein 2day but bye ima call u
people stare cuz u r a sexy beast #Duh 😜😍😏
but what now with absence of CLASS Act front end $ contributions?
Thanks you have a Great Voice !
When I started at WBEE in ’94, a fellow by the name of —aka “Big Daddy”—trained me! (Double shift today, Dave?)
I made a million dollars from home by convincing people they could make a million dollars from home and you can too!
Likewise - glad to be working with you and your team. RT you rock. thanks
they'll let you in if it's not sold out
Get backstory for resume. Ask "What gets you jazzed?"
Should I change my profile picture in to a picture of me ???
Had great/fun audition as a lifeguard for 90210! Intern with photographer now, agent night tonight! Great actor day!
are there workshops out there? An environment where we get folks over the bar so they can learn these tools? Anyone doing that?
Wait, why is Rosario Dawson the "official spokesperson for National Trains Day"? The things you learn from LiteFM ...
Does anyone know how to sign up to play Monopoly CityStreets?
Today's class starts at 12;30
rough day today
Check my comments on your YouTube channel.
Only 9 days left in INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on Goodreads! Sign up now!
Catching up on alot of my shows
Happy Friday the 13th! Does that mean I need to watch a scary movie tonight? Hmm
Blum holds that religious symbolism and the spiritual damnation of the South enabled the North to initiate & sustain the Civil War
#InOurGeneration we didn't have cell phones or playstations. We had Atari and a corded phone!
If your keeping score... Lavo Brunch 1 million points Dennys ZERO.
COMPUTER WHY Y NO STOP LAGG.
DISLIKE. Twitter needs to disable that #twitterjail option..LOL.
Stay True To Yourself,And Remain Reckless
Man, Conley's stats are way up in the playoffs. Not too shabby.
@ The Magic Game Wit The Big Homie!! Need This W Baby!!!!
Finishing up a score for this awesome commercial. Feels good to branch out.
Thank you. I hope it stirs a new swell of patriotism and a remembrance of those who've served.
Excellent... (does the Mr. Burns finger shuffle).
TWOJ BANK – Article Directory » The Porsche 911 Turbo Is Known ...
Good Luck to JHU Lax tonight vs. Albany. Under the lights on Homewood Field. Great Atmosphere.
going with my girlfriend to get her nose and tongue pierced
Ish gets real when you have to break out fractions.
Is the retired life good for mental cognition? Check out the NY Times article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
At church... with Monsters.lololol
haha, ops. I sent that right before class anyway!!
Before you get in the game you have to know what a win means to you. How much can you handle losing and still consider yourself winning?
Meeting my little for dinner and a chuck e cheese reunion! So excited!
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Thx to the end of #prohibition we can drink them in plain sight! RT : Sun King, Three Floyd's, Flat 12, Harrison Whiskey
She's a lesbian
Hha hey loser your cousin was here ;D
Thanks for the post + the featured video ;) Glad to see you enjoyed the meadowlark jam
All the good girls are taken...
Linda crafted a gorgeous necklace today -- garnet and antique brass -- what an artist's eye.
Damn me for being so stubborn... Never again will I wear short shorts outside at night...
I know who im gonna give my 3000th tweet to (:
CORRECTION: We are almost ready to reopen for our 2nd anniversary with a brand new bar! Join us Thu night with The Chardon Polka Band!
DJ Nate will be doin it Live all Day
Just when I'm completely depressed by bigotry in the news, comes on my feed to wish me a Happy Grilled Cheese Day. Ah, love.
No one cares about this story anymore it is so old news
never just waiting on my pizza when u coming home
and your brand is on sale this week at Top's!!! Freezer fill up!
cool !! thanx for the follow!!
The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston Will Consist Of 18 Marching Bands And 9 Parade Floats. For Info Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
it's R-E-S-P-E-C-T. I'm grading in how respectfully I treat myself too.:-) got another 8 today.
My brother and I were talking yesterday how gardens are works of art.
How do I submit banners and logos for site owners to use on their sites to show support? Right now it says the site has 0.
“Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.”
THE AMERCIAS BEST DJ TOUR NEXT STOP COCO XO FRIDAY NIGHT W/ DJ STICKY BOOTS !! LAST CALL FOR TABLES !!
Can get any club crunk,I seen it for my own eyes
please have a Timmy Ho's for me!?!
Wrestling is the gayest thing in life!!
I wish my eyes could take photos.
I am fine with HTML5 as a mechanism for richer platform agnostic Viewers :-)
On the hunt for BBQ in Bluefield, WV. Anyone?
Some people dont like living near noisy roads, schools or commercial areas. These things affect enjoyment of a home and property value.
All I wanna hear these days are Tim Hecker soundscapes and pre-WWII blues. The sound of ghosts.
Oh good lord, find out where Sarah got it, then. Dang.
Banging bongos in the drum circle
romney is already a danger to the nation every time he opens his LYING mouth, not capable of telling TRUTH!
#KerbeyLane pancakes for dinner. Because I'm grown up and I can.
A few simple tips: Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and Don't decide when you're sad.
I've never been exposed to so many puns.
Join us for half price burger night and Happy Hour specials from 4-7pm!
all gifts definitely acknowledged, larger gifts get hand written note and/or phone call.
what was the mssg about Evans computer, Mr Tweerer?
Workin on my night off,so its #LazyWorkFlowMode I'm driving this oil truck like Ice Cube was whippin that 64 in "Today was a good day"
That match was insane!
building a green home in Jamaica this summer and researching designs on natural home building.
HOLY COW!! HOLY SHIT OPENS IN TWO DAYS
"Fluffy people don't do no sprintin'..."
Thx for the follow
Very fun to chat in person. Unlimited characters! MT “: So wonderful when social media and real life collide."
That was one of the most terrifying airplane crashes I've ever seen in any film. Fuck I hate flying.
"Marriage is a relationship between 1 man and 1 woman." -- I agree 100% with that :)
I don't trust anyone who doesn't listen to David Bowie.
Don't just talk at people, listen to what's important to them. Their motivation, their history. Learn about them!
#BieberShouldveWon mouth is still open.... I'm litterally speachless.. Can't believe this!
i love Rihanna ") !
yep so damn happy just there more tests and I'm done for the year
Hi Ya! Absolutely! :o) #ThankYou for the #Follow!
well I don't know much of that background, but if he is moving to avoid paying taxes, that doesn't seem right to me.
and all of them aren't from pittsburg and have never been! Fuck shittsburg
Leaving The Q, My Cavs gota win aganist NY...I couldnt end the night w/o taking her 2 see Think Like a Man so we headed 2 da movies...
THANK YOU for sending me this post. I believe we should protect every Floridian...cutting funds isn't the way!
Promise? I'm free most days ;) x
FACT!!!! ---- Not many people will win the heart of a #Cancer. When a #Cancer picks a lover, it's a special moment..”
I don't always #ff, but when I do, I #ff , ceo extraordinaire.
I see you , I see you.
Coming up 10:45 MST CEO shows how open textbook model detours cost/access roadblocks #eisummit Tweet your q's.
I smell bacon
yeah it was!
So sleepy.
EEK! Nice hit baby <33333333
Come cure that St. Patty's Day hangover at TK! We've got $3 Bloody Marys & Mimosas till 3pm while you catch all the March Madness
Project: #Embroidered apparel www.BNoticed.com
you are most welcome! Congratulations!!!!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people ignore me..😒👊
need some graphical inspiration? Check out our crazy awesome website and forum www.wearelux.com
Best part of ash Wednesday? Telling everyone of them that they have some dirt on their forehead when I walk by.
just kidding with ya ;)
Yes! I can't wait for the summer~
nothing at wrk bored
Im really liking this
Kudos to you for writing that. It said pretty much what I feel. I wouldn't have the energy to deal w the reaction.
This is truly outrages if this pass's you can bet everyone will be next.
#GreatnessIs making a difference...
will be tomorrow.
I feel like they just slapped together the three stooges movie ... Smh
No matter how deep the hole, you can always climb out.
and twitter?
Durant will get a ring before Lebron ever does.Just my opinion
Eating some cookies 'n cream icecream :)
Finally , Spring Break !
haha dork. Dude, I can't get over this. Like, wow.
youre going to have to up that tweet number...but at least now you have a follower :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SCOTT MENVILLE AND TARA STRONG!
Thank you
it waa super funny.. Just too many black people at the movies .. Couldnt hear half the movie
Terrell Suggs - Ball So Hard University
I probably won't see you. I think were leaving when the hats go up.
Sorry to jump in, but I cannot contain myself. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?!?! *vomits*
We're now 7 hours and counting from our live #Badgers coverage from Boston on 91.7 FM!
How many Wordpress admins know about the Super Administrator user role?
Congrats Jordan White!!!!! Picked by the New York Jets!!!!!#NorthRidgevilleRangers 1st player from this High School to go pro!
It's not listed on Adobe Digital Editions yet, but the iPad should be able to use it... and library books.
You got that Correct! Ricketts is a Hypocrite!
Nice. Printer that I need today arrives tmrw. Ream of paper for said printer? Will get here today, just as I ordered it!
Just because you've got a bajillion followers doesn't mean you can tell other what to do GET BACK IN YOUR CAGE BISH
Omg everybody threw their tests out for hatzell I don't even remember getting mine I hope I'm not the only one that's gonna fail
It's ok, , no one ever listens to me either. LOL
I want waffles and a dance party in my living room. Right this second.
It's pretty disgusting how people are spamming and self-promoting using the #IranElection tag. They should be ashamed of themselves.
#kickinit is on in a few hours! who is excited?!
ive done EVERYTHING for her and shes done nothing back
Anybody how do you say heartbroken in spanish lol im serious <<3 TeAmo <3>
No problem! Sounds like a roarin' event :)
where the pb cookies at
Hello again. Check out the new additions to what's new by going to my Reverbnation page! XO
Waking up with a "Good morning beautiful" text from someone you like >>>>
Why not do more, be more? Why not extend those limits?
To whoever is drinking at the relay tonight, I hope you get hit by a very, very large bus
This wil be a banner year for crawfish. Who will have the biggest bugs?
yes ik lol do u even know who I am LMFAO
Hi Justin, it's Kim from the Andersonian.
They don't sell espresso at HD last I checked. Maybe a Red Bull?
Great Quote! We featured Ms. Sirleaf in our Children's Gallery this year.
sorry I corrected the link
There's a time for play and a time to get serious.... now would be one of those times go get serious
However! Hopefully that means someone can get off the waitlist!
Awww come on *Beckons you towards*
Jingshen is the Mandarin word for spirit and vivacity
can we plan a get together soon???
Productive discussion about this year's budget this morning. Good exchange of ideas. Can't start planning too early.
She basically sounds like she babbling with conversational intonation if that makes sense.
I want someone to shut up kiss me , lol..
Sardines are a hit with Zoe and Lewis #vetsorder #cats (packed in water)
can u follow me plzz im the one who made u the bday pic and itll make my day awesomer!!
Damn!!": Rise of the gated community. Gated Communities were yellow or green areas, meaning safe and banks invested in them."
hahah yeah i guess so [:
Turn the Internet off for one day… all of the cool kids are doing it.
Chaka X admin, please follow back.
Web Tip of the Day: Take a minute to think about how easy the text on your site is to read.
Who are Accounts? I've only heard of Creatives. Haha. :) RT Creatives and Accounts butting heads? Never!
lol awww thanks. I hope its a good one
don't spend it all in one place
I use to love her
What a Party it was on Saturday. Rock the shit out of
149 days till summer
Highlight of my day: I just a saw a little geese family. They has two little babies (: awe
RT : Diamondbacks end skid, defeat Giants 5-1 in series opener at Chase Field.
Ready to make Jesus famous tonight at a battle of the bands at South Paulding high school! see ya there!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 25
"The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him/her to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently."
DRAKE playlis on blast man summ old songss make me remember why he so dope <3
Ah Shoot! Let's do it
Haha... Back where it belongs!
Watching ABDC forgot to yesterday :p
Today is the last day to enter My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday. You have until midnight PST. Good luck to everyone!!
new 30sec drinking game: watch olive garden commercial. drink whenever a group of people laughs. get you fucked up good.
Thanks for the RT
you too Bill:)
"A boy's sleepy voice is seriously the sexiest thing ever." Why do you think I call you every morning! :)
Gonna make a PowerPoint presentation as the final means to persuade my parents into moving back to California.
it is a interesting beer for sure.....but for me, you can only knock back one or two...no more. Again, really interesting..
Taking in 2 little water or losing 2 much water leads to dehydration. Brittle hair no matter what u do 2 it? Need more water.
I need more creative projects & growth-inspiring life challenges. Maybe a change of scenery? Thoughts on thoughts on thoughts.
awwe I love you !
During the BECKHAM commercials, mostly.
- I'm addicted to this shit
Just my luck, I'm on North Capitol & President Obama just passed by.
And thanks for alerting me to Sam. He's a cool guy to follow.
#jhuAAM will be there! Can't wait to meet more JHUers
Nothing could put me in a better mood than this a Rocky marathon on amc right now. So pumped and ready to rage.
and there's the oscar mayer wienermobile, lots of love to Mr. Stevens :)
i hat you -.- everyone follows you. All i have is Austin, Peyton, Sarah, and Madison
Sorry I missed the #LitChat today. Bet it was an amazing session. Have a good weekend.
RT : I got tears... Don't judge. RT : Musical performance of the night was the Willie Nelson Chipotle ad
Back in the day.(':
i took nyquil last night and i got me like an extra 30 minutes
Thanks for links, y'all.
I'd have to kill you if you were a zombie. What you going to school for?
going to the mall cant wait :D
RT Just launched, rehabretaildesign.com - thanks 2 Steve Kosaka as design and Dan Robert as co-dev. Good luck 2 REHAB. Go gettem!
hey flow me?? ejeje me sigues :))
I can't wait for #F1 to get going this weekend. There is just nothing else that happens in March
Thank God for the pause button. Yes, He was sitting up there going,"Me damn, if I could only pause this SoB."
Oklahoma was better when they had Blake Griffin...and Taylor, too.
thanks so much for coming out! it was great seeing you
Thank you for showing your support! RT Thank you for the awesome evening. I was so exited to get your latest issue. Thank you!
Glad that traffic on my way to work today isn't too bad
Sure, prebuilt themes work for a majority of people, how about when you want to actually stand out from the crowd?
You need to go out. Lot's of awesome restaurants in the area. Ohio and Kentucky side.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY...to all the single gals, married gals, lesbian gals, and so on.
#Marley on his deathbed returned to the Christian faith of his youth. he'd probably regret that he became the poster child of
u can have mine
Geez, I don't think I can wait till summer to watch Season 3, Monday nights are going to be the worst.
Happiness is not a fortresses that may be sieged.. Peace is only obtainable from within
With the 163rd pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Angel Pagan
Enjoy your Tuesday evening
That iPhone commercial with Zooey Deschanel is ridiculous. "I don't want to put on real shoes." Oh, but 7 layers of makeup is fine?
Thanks to everyone who came out to hear our story at last night's #smckc event. Enjoyed meeting everyone & hearing your great questions.
Trying to figure out why I brought a banana with me for breakfast instead of the chocolate-peanut butter cups sitting at home... hm..
“: can't understand a joke!! Hahaha the itouch is small now that you'd mention it! O.o” PERV INDEED
Congrats to Dan Duquette on his Orioles GM role. We're thankful for his amateur Baseball contributions in Boston the last few years.
FriEND BoyfriEND GirlfriEND They all end in END... FamILY ILY - I love you Family = WINNER! :) <3
I don't know. I sort of like him, though.
A1: can't forget -- does a great job with both #sportsbiz + SM & is a best practice of how to activate w/brands
I love the movie Boiler Room
Waiting for my flight to Columbus. Cant wait to see Barry Manilow tomorrow night!
so today i was saying your mom to stuff, and this gurl said who uses lotion? and i waslikenotyourmom, she started crying cuz her mom is dead
My life consists of eating sleeping and tweeting .
He likes me
oh yeah diddle randy!! (:
hay. Follow me <3
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
"Watching football is like watching pornography. There's plenty of action, and I can't take my eyes off it, but when it's over, I wonder wh
You guys should come to Kentucky. Nothing but MINDLESS LOVE down here
Thank you for the retweet! You are definitely sweet!
Staats owned a lot of Albany real estate. Philip Schuyler owned Staats' 1667 house. .
nothing to do....
500 FREE Business Cards at www.NYCPRINTDIRECT.com
A three-month-old baby gorilla takes its first shaky steps at London Zoo. visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Don't look now, but you-know-who is following you. Hope you and Andrew are well!
as the beer arrives at #csw4 let me remind attendees that is ready for you!
i miss talking to you <|3 notice me again? it's been about 2 weeks..
it would be so awesome if they actually did it!!^.^
chillin out working on stuff for the band
Combined ERA of 22.50 tonight, looking sharp, you dicks!!!
Nothing like being next to a bonafied creeper for 4 hours.
Does anyone have a imac laptop charger?
We've changed our name from - follow us here as we're going to be use this new The Great Online account!
~so true.
Oh my God - slipping away oh my gosh♥.♥
Collaboration w/ Brooks Museum & Dixon is SO impressive! "A Very Impressionistic Summer" has national publicity.Info @ impressmemphis.org.
hacking in the LES, LAMF. Cold pints and classic 70s NYC punk rock.
Anyone else notice the technology in #MenInBlack is more advanced in the past than it is in the future?
Hey! Make sure to follow my othere account tayla_blake !
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 21
Really enjoying the panel "Marketing the Arts to Death" - messages have to change to create results!!!
Thank you, ma'am =)
..to be opened & receptive to what is preached.
Fuck endless bus rides #athlete problems
Breakfast, Bloodies, Beach. Just another day in paradise.
We are all set for #JingleInJuly on Saturday (2-4:00pm), Going to be a great time! Come and get 10% off- VIPs get 20%!
Ewww, John Mayer seriously needs to reconsider his Grammy look...
Is tomorrow only Thursday? These weeks are getting slower and slower.
Just bought National Lampoon's Vacation on Blu-ray. WORTH IT
NEW ALBUM ALMOST DONE! MIX MIX MIX! Name and Art coming soon!
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Damn Wade missed the easiest layup of all times lol
I'm down what time u know im coming
lmao yeah you would've enjoyed it if you weren't a nerd :p
this ones getting ugly, Red Wolves up 75-50, couldn't think of a better way to start the meat of the conference season 930whon.com tune in
Just saw a sign... "Killing 2 birds with one Jones". LOL.
Long hair, don't care
When you follow your bliss, doors will open where there were none. Joseph Campbell
Just Trying to Get El Pinche De Nicholicious To Follow Me Haha
I have no idea. You would think clips would be on a track meet n push it.
yeah, unfortunately I tried that. But she doesn't have or really use computers. Makes it tough, can't read minds yet.
I'm so bored right now
thoujght i saw you tweet eaarlier that you were trying a French beer for 1st time
RT : Construction workers are so hot
Haha! Yes, you did!
funny you should mention drinks... Having some ice wine right now.
#AskScandal this is my favorite show !! this show is #scandal ous!!
Obama is on jimmy fallon tonight, should be interesting.
Yea now the rest of the team has to step it up. I still think we can make a good run with the players we have though.
Is this true? "The Bridges of Madison County is 50 Shades of Grey without S&M."
RT :snowstorm gonna b so epic Charlton Heston's dead body going 2 rise frm the grave-hope he leaves gun in the grave
Thanks! Good to meet you too, best wishes with SECRETS
hey! I know. Let's plan our skype date. And Liyen is coming to visit me that weekend in Milwaukee.
I know, something must be wrong with the system... haha thanks for the vote!
Excellent banditing piece. See you at the Chicago Marathon (my first). I'll be the guy with the Walking Dead gait.
Operation Patriot at Charlotte Beach look amazing with 343 flags. Cold Cross Creek starts around 2!!!!
the amount of pictures that me and send to each other in our conversations>>>>>
Making magnificent music is much more important than yard apes. (I'm just kidding)
Guys, follow this for me . I'll be following everyone who follows her. Im checking :)
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 8
"Don't use the purple ones bro! My dick is still on fire!" ---- the brother of my lover, after using Trojans fire & ice condoms on me.
Easy - Peyton's Denver debut.
Second time at Whole Foods Pasadena today. It's like I live here. (I recommend heading straight to bar for $1 Firestone)
The food channel has innovative programing for fun and easy meals. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Paula Deen
Wow - it is not often I see someone quoting Carlos Castaneda - impressive.
NYC is great, thanks! Paid a visit to Topshop and Uniqlo today. :)
I don't even talk about school or grades with my parents so what in the hell makes you think I wanna talk about it with you.
You ready for the playoffs? Bulls are taking the East, I can feel it.
RT Once in a rare while, somebody comes along who doesnt just raise the bar, they create an entirely new standard of measurement. RIP
See The Beatles "Love" Cirque du Soleil show at The Mirage if you haven't already. Have fun in Vegas!
sha-la-la-la sha-la-la-la-la (howling at the moon - ramones)
just starting _The Perfect Spy_ and liking it so far.
Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Enjoy life to the maximum possibility, and battle for your wishes.
BTW Thanks too the people that atleast tries to help me get a follow from !!!!!!!!
heyy(; how are you?
Have a great weekend yourself. Good to see you in the stream from time to time, my friend!
and I are giving the coffee at the #Appleton Airport two big thumbs down. Off to
word 150k: 'shifted'. good lord, here i am, 3 #nanowrimo's deep, and i'm still going at it. what a stupidly awesome journey this has been.
me too, I can't wait for it :) how old r u and where r u from?
RT and I wonder how much could that $119m digitise and rights clear for future generations?
Thanks so much for updating on the latest developments surrounding the OH school shooting.
^ The mind has great influence over the body, and maladies often have their origin there. ~Moliere
Well we did it! 3000 likes on Facebook! Thank you everyone! Let's see we promised you all something...look for it soon!
Come swap clothes and dance to soul from now til 8
Seriously. Too many ppl lose sight of the real meaning of V-day! MT Let's remember what this day is really about. CHOCOLATE.
i guess u can bring shady ass wit u lol!!
would you please email me and I will email you the GAEA presentation. Tx!
thinking about setting up camp in JMC 320. I'll face the music: I live here.
A new way needs to develop that reminds us how precious life is.
Where Quality is not only alive & well...but THRIVING...
Landed my tix for #Phish at on August 22nd via the presale lottery. Call it re-establishing credibility with my inner child.
Now that is #winning, do you think will re-release Men at Work?
2m very rich subscribers. It's about the demographic.
That's true RT : Culture is bigger than the game tho...
my stomach is growling like an angry bear. this class needs to be over
Also interesting: Whenever I explain this to US sociologists, they accept my claim without argument...
Last prizes: 2 lucky winners will each get a $100 gift certificate to !
My favorite part of this game is Jimmy Rollins' at-bats; he walks out to Drake's "The Motto" and I dance in my chair!
hmm Pretty hot & tempting ;)
Ha, blocked by ? Surely deserved, but i don't even remember that one.
R u making an appearance? (Chicago)
Thanks Curt...you are the man!
Heh, I remember seeing those at the end of the semester. The areas around the trash cans will make you think it's Christmas!
Absolutely, man! I've been reading up on the walk-thru you posted -- good stuff!
Yet and still, I insist.
Just added to #WFX2012 Truss aluminium factory a.s.
I would expect a much different effort tonight from Lakers not named Kobe Bryant
Back from a week long vacation; I will get back to those who sent me messages while I was out of the country.
Hanna Montana down my pants.....
Yeah buddy~! I'll have something to do with my life then..~ wow that sounds soo creepy.
That lady is washing the tables with a hose.
If we get 15 more likes tonight, Kate will post a new song :)
ESPECIALLY after she said, "There's something wrong with you two" !!!
How about having U.S. Senator David Vitter (Republican) preside on Senate committee hearings of the secret service. He knows all about hoes.
Awww he soo adorable! he got your eyes as well! Congrats to you Mike! you'll make a great Mom! =D
No, sorry, the header photo isn't actually one of mine--it came embedded as part of the theme template I used on my site.
A great idea with no execution is essentially rubbish. Make it happen and keep the vision alive people.
Best tip in our opinion! RT : Twin Anchors Ribs RT : In Chicago for 1 night w/wife. Recommendations?
apple hardware not necessarily the bees knees
Seriously... This 2 hour drive is killer.
Ww cannot end poverty by running poor out of Miami! Regalado
whatcha doing up this way? Are you still here?
by : Off to the Garden for the #celtics home opener. Let keep it rolling boys!
No shoes, no shirt , no circus
kickin it man! Have to get those dance moves down asap!
Nearly 50% of Xbox LIVE members in the U.S. login to Xbox LIVE Marketplace every time they turn on their Xbox.
hugs shouldn't hurt.
That's how I stay outa trouble iguess
The Official Nighthawks After Game Party will be held at Quaker Steak & Lube in CB, IA. Drink specials for all Nighthawks fans. Players too!
much thanks! Look for a DM...
Thanks for the kind words!
IM A YOBI SING WINNER!! TAKING THE STAGE IN THE WEB SERIES!
How A Private Data Market Could Ruin Facebook The growing interest in a market for personal data that shares profits with the indivi
#Orr_Hotsprings, here I come!!!
Not value-monism, legal monism (so to speak). & BHL _not_ just watering down the _non-law_ elements, either!
And the finalists are... Emmet Cohen, Josh White and Kris Bowers. You were right about Pascal Le Boeuf!
Taking the dog to the groomers
when a person doing good for they self theirs always niggaz hating smh!
Everyone go check out work done by they do all our work and its fantastic.
On now on we vs A. Smith ...the rivalry begins...NOW!!
It is! RT : Heard the women surrealist exhibition is a must see.
Congrats! We gotta do lunch sometime.
Also a 3 party contract the two of you and the state, the state having controlling interest of all products of the marriage
thnxx for the follow!
way to go!
College football's bowl games are officially locked in for the new season. The schedule showcases 35 games in 24 days this bowl season.
Everyone at work is CRABBY! It’s been really hard to stay positive. I want to do something to brighten everyone’s sullen mood.
After this 11 am final your boy is hitting the nap up hard haha
My wish is one day that WOULD TWEET ME OR ATLEAST RT ME(: but I know he Will NEVER SEE this... :(
This Twitter will be hibernating for the winter. Want to chat? Find us at
j.r. Smith is gonna help the knicks out so much
Healthy breakfast! Love it :) Did you get the BOGO 6" deal?
Not to worry...I'm neither assuming nor egotistical.
I wonder if Barbasol has a shave gel that can penetrate BOB's chin faultline?
Good money spent my friend. Looking good.
Egads, writing a story on telecom solutions and electricity keeps going off. Guess we're in a brownout in Dallas area.
haha don't you know that pays my exorbitant salary and high standard of living?
Knock KnockWho's there !Bun !Bun who ?Bun-nies make lovely pets !
yea I was FUCCKKEEEDDD UP hahaha....work and just a new life bro I wanted to experience new shit
lol u dumbass why u never call me slut
Looking for something to do this beautiful day? Celebrate the coming of spring by seeing the fantastic #springtides with !
Was delighted with your work on Flong and pleased to learn about your existence as well. Keep up the good work.
I will <3
love your profile description!
orioles = not for real.
my favorite things about sex is watching my girls boobs move around like Jello. Left & right, up & down, to & fro all the live long day!
RT : Someone who is nice to you & not nice to waiter (parking attendant, bellman, flight attendant, etc) isnt a very nice person.
your welcome !
ugh, I'm not sure if I like either one! I use this for mainly professional stuff but it's better than the egomaniacs on fb
Thank U Cerris..only good things 4 us all!
thank you.
If you live in the 75th Assembly District your legislator skipped work...again.
Whoa. Super embarassed. :(
Some fuckwit who even the WSox let go...
made my easter
is dancing around in her new 5" Michael Kors orange ostrich wedges w/ the cat Stella to Jason Derulo/Breathing = Sarsinlove
As L&D Professionals we have to move from getting it to getting it done! Lets get it done! John Kao
But honestly, it wasn't a fun game to watch. Suckage in HD is still suckage.
According to 'A stay at home mom never worked a day in her life...'
Mothers day is coming and its going to be s very sad one, wish I could spend it with my mom so that her pain isnt as great
Happy birthday and happy holidays
The Causeway, near to the world's longest bridge stretches about 24 miles connecting Metairie, the city's largest suburb, to the...
Goal from Aurelien!!
Haha Was actually just making plans to see it tomorrow w/my parents. And then one final time in Imax/3d sometime next wk.
Keep your dogs away from chocolate. It almost killed my Cocker Spaniel last night. Good decision to give her hydrogen peroxide & get to ER!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: The York - Pub (live updates)
I'd be interested if I qualify, which I might not.
first they love me and then they hate me,now they love me again ...smh
and who dream more than others think it's practical.
DID U HEAR THAT IT WAS THUNDER!!!!!!! STICKING IT TO THE LAKER.....KAAAAAABBBBBBBBOOOOMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!
Downtown Jacksonville exploring
OMG could we be going to overtime #MISLChampionship??
Soul Coughing sounding great on KCSN right now while driving on Sunset A band that got away!!!
Wide awake....
weed is always tasty;) #420 queen
waddup wit u
Kara's still one of the prettiest girls in school !
DId you open it?
so sad that there releasing Coach Caldwell! He's so gunna be missed!!
Just got my tickets for the Cubs/Sox game on Tuesday! Hopefully the Sox win a few in Arizona and sweep the Cubs! Always hope! LOL
you were taught well.
Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7:30am - 1pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
hey! Our twitter got shut down this week! We still have our individuals and facebook. Twitter will be back soon!
There've been an awful lot of #Tornados lately, but don't worry, Republicans say there's no such thing as #Climate Change.
thinks fan palms are beautiful. Absolutely gorgeous
Really? 6' exactly is not longer tall, so there should be lots of men taller than you. My mom was 5'11" ...
I'd like to think that I was somehow deeply influenced by Jello Biafra without having any idea of who he was.
What is the name of the software David is demoing?
follow me
I'll take a 3 run knock please.
Welcome to a Friday. We'll be giving tickets away to Lewis Black in the 8 am hour.
Engaging youth with HO MA GO: hanging out, messing around, and geeking out.
Okay going to watch my movie! Peace
OMG LOOK SHANE!! #ShaneDawsonSaturday is trending!!! GET IT!!
I'm here to paint the world ..
Thanks a lot!
listening to country & the rain >>>>
Just here to make the world and my 68 followers happy babe!
Hey, thanks for the shout out :]
me to!!!!! My favorite! Lol!
Musing lots around public communal spaces, collaboration, art colonies, urban interventions, 4th-quadrant networks (ala )
“If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” ~Tony Robbins
haha of course!
Finally getting an education. Heh.
He has created a monster.
Okay Acura NSX ad was pretty good...
Congrats to and the Mrs.! Prolific tweeter and now a proud poppa!
what specific tools do you use to show how many eyeballs saw a tweet? Tv has Nielsen.
RT : Driving to Heathrow, Somali taxi driver asked if I know in Pakistan. Now that's global fame!
He's amazing! I have the whole season of "Freaks and Geeks" on reserve from Netflix. Old school James Franco!!!
Anyone need a pick-me-up this afternoon? Stop by our studio and grab a fresh #coffee - we can do lattes, americanos, etc!
Pro tip: fellas, wearing a pink button down is a sure fire way to guarantee that it will be the only pink you see that night
just a little bit... ;)
What a wonderful, albeit cold day. New study plan is to dive into Risk Management, dealing with Project Managment...always something new t…
oh... uhhhm yea dont worry bout it. i gotta get some work done right now n dunno when ima get done
Found out one of my regulars at the Writing Center is from Kazakhstan. I love this school sometimes.
Hey dude. How are you? Long time no hear.
trying to get onto to the handheld conference website-nothing doing--glad they took my credit card number--got timed out and nothing since
Breaking news: kashi nuggets replace grapenuts as part of my daily breakfast.
Hey , might want to rewrite your FB ad: "Calling all Apple fans! Like us & register for a chance to win any tablet (up to $500)
Come home!
The #Nebraska coach looks like he needs a beer or two.
Could he not have commented when he was asked to for the original story?
Thanks buddy, let's catch up when I return.
Well awe shucks, you're making me blush! ;)
Shout out 2 spliff Wayne and the firestation fam for holding me down!!
Casablanca is ... well, a Moroccan version of say .. Detroit circa 1992. I like it; just be aware.
Merry Christmas, wish you the best for the new year.
is nearly sold out and it's weeks away! 62 tickets left...giddy up & register... and I'm talking to you!
u back in KC?
Goodbye August and hello September, the month you could have your concept developed into a great screenplay.
what type of costume
Serving Metro Indianapolis, IN and surrounding counties.
who said that????
New updates to our website: Direct menu to our online Helpdesk. Account History for clients under Support Pricing. Enjoy the convenience!!!
When it rain/snows heavily I see a lot of *tar roofer* companies in the 'hood. Not me! I went with here in ABQ!
Treasure to you! Mby he will come in London! (: Ohh..I'm form Bosnia... :(
When you been texting somebody all day then they just stop.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset When I leave alot of room for somebody to pass and they still manage to brush up on me hard.
let me see the world behind your eyes
Good Morning friends, after you come down to the poker room and finish qualifying for tomorrows $2500 freeroll what's left on our agenda ?
When you go, I'm going too!
play hard to get? :)
Ready to watch the big fight tonight...Lakers vs. Thunder
That's the best thing you ever tweeted
praise the Lort for that!
Love the rain!!
Hahaha Cubs walk off AGAIN!
Friendship isn’t about being inseparable, it’s about being separated, and knowing nothing will change. <3
Up since 7 am designing sets for my final project: Scott Pilgrim vs. the World: The Musical. Wish it could actually get made. It's legit.
The weekend really needs to hurry its ass up
yep, understood. I am pushing for it. Thanks!
Thank You!!!
Huh, wasn't the world supposed to end? I didn't notice till I checked my inbox saying, 2012.
Stop the world - I want to get off.
Exciting news for City of Westfield with signing of expansion at Barnes Airport. ..New Gulfstream 650 high in demand!
That sound you hear is the test that I just took screaming for mercy.
Wait for u to walk? I'm assuming you are beat
#seniorconfessionhour i hate WM but I will miss certain things about it... 😒
Let us take a look for you!
Thanks for the retweet-you are a winner! I just need your address and I'll send the flash drive out right away!
I wa one of ur true friends but u sure screwed that up because u have to talk about everyone u know with that big mouth and that's why u
Yay lifelong learning. RT : Don't be afraid to learn. Knowledge is weightless, a treasure you can always carry easily.
The schedule for Young Dems Day at the Legislature has been posted, check it out Young Dems Day at Legislature
It's not always easy and sometimes life can be deceiving but I'll tell you one thing, it's so much better when we're together. #jackjohnson❤
I was wondering can u email me your phone number so we can talk bout it.
this is why i learned to bake bread and soon brew beer. i want to be mr. popular in the apocalypse.
Staying up until 12am to say happy birthday to my 2 beautiful best friends <3
Click's is the place to be tonight! Drinking pool, shooting beer lol
Emb moment-as #slp2b, asked adult pt to put food in own mouth for bedside swallow eval. Missed in the chart-couldnt move arms.
I tweet it because I believe it. U r the real deal. C u Monday...EARLY! game on. : let em kno steve!!
ppppppppppppppppppttttttttbbbbppptttttt (((((right in your ear!))))
at a groceries store with my lil Sis and lil bro
my bad... kettle popcorn
Hope my dear slept well. One more day at Ollies and then I get to wash my hair and relax :)
yep that monster will get u going thats for sure!!!!!
Thanks for following, Kim!
#NotreDame #football enough said
agree! What's next on the big board to cross off the list? Museums, audience & the future...it's more than a work in progress.
Oh yes, very much the same.
Nice little W there rangers! Now let's go 'yotes!
Mike, the only report from AAU watchers on fans I want is the number of times you hear "do him"! All else is irrelevant. Lol
Gotta get your mind right.. Takes a lot of preparation to reach your destination!! ;-)
Of course Jobs was pissed at Google. Who can respect a company that blatantly, unoriginally, steals and copies your product?
Interview time! More like, they're telling me I have the job. Hell yes! Wish me the best!!!
Happy Birthday ot me(:
Wheres global warming when you need it?# freezing
Please spresad the word - thanks !
Buck up little camper!
hopefully we will get to see that.
How come you never get on twitter you fag
Its weird to think that everyone u will ever see has their own story from the day they were born and they are the only person to know it
your thoughts please....edmodo good for literature circles?
About to sing Happy Birthday to Julie Bowen from #Modern Family. With
Xerox ads say they are managing Virgin America's call centers - so, are they responsible for Virgin's poor call waiting times?
no wonder i am a popsicle this morning. turning up the heat but not turning it on produces no warmth apparently.
Teenage girls imitating gay man's sassy strut behind his back.
Yes, I may have shed a tear (or three) during the final scene of Downton Abbey, season 2. Ladies, you know what I'm talkin about.
hey thanks hope you come see DETROPIA which just MAY make it to silverdocs this year : )
Wow!! it took me 2 months to remember my password! lol
I'll be live tweeting from as I trolley in + cover the #Seau celebration at Qualcomm. Tune in around 4.
these #What2ChainzWouldSay tweets >
Analogy: Does an administrator at a Catholic hospital have to be a Catholic, or can he just be a good hospital administrator?
The show is 3WEEKS away from today!!!
it's ok I'll teach u
#Sag must discuss their thoughts. They find the opinion of others important, but they have problems heeding others advise. !!!
Lunch at Cooper in West End with and then some shopping! Great Saturday!
Nah haha I dnt like spanish
Just so we're clear here, I should've probably been invited
this is hilarious!! :-D
I saw some dude at my work yesterday wearing a D-Backs Nike Hypercool dri-fit undershirt...as a regular shirt LOL
Not finding it on the website, was it this weekend or next weekend the Red Line was having construction done?
Finished a good workout session now gonna get something to eat than back at it !
"im gonna tell the cops theres a crazy chick in a pink dress snatchin' up babies"
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LATalkRadio.com!! Channel 2!
That awkward moment when Jake Sully mates with the leader of Na'vi's woman.
I treat my body well everyday- I do some form of exercise each day. It keeps you young. I plan to live past 100 y.o. What about you?
I pledged allegiance "to the republic for witches stand" until third grade.
RT This weather right now >>>>> yess!
just remember bro. There's got to be a better place than this bro. That's where he's at
Help! This vegetarian editor is putting together a list of the best beef burgers in Westwood-CC. Any ideas...?
Looks like it! It's a real double whammy.
“There must be more to life than having everything.” ~ Maurice Sendak
It's Lost Tuesday! Join us for one of our 80 Whiskeys, some great food and Lost! Starting at 8, it's an all around good time
Nice thing to say! Doing well et tu? Hope coaching is enjoyable and that family is well. Law business cranks on. U travelling?
dead or...famous?
'Kicking In' must be a single!!!!! So frickinnnnn catchy! Love, Love!!!!
are you all buying in NM?
Steps away from the MFL headed to CBP. If you know Philly, you get my acronyms. #LETSGOPHILLIES 8D
Heya wild man. When are you coming to anch.
They should make a snickers bar shaped like snooki and name it snookers! I would totally buy it :D
Happy Valentines day!
those damn kids! Thinkin they know how to be a hipster...
Checking out the updated on first look I love the updated dashboard. Lots of focus on engagement social & mobile.
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
TWO Words " Aunt Robbin"
follow me lol
Shot of ??? RT : AAAAHHHHH!!!! There... now I feel a LITTLE better...
I totally agree!!! Lets try getting this started! Ill help, just let me know what to do.
Jen & Dillon are out on the town. Gotta authentic Lou Malnati's pizza hitting the oven with The Bears game coming up.
hahaha me too!!!!
You're going off on Twitter. Maybe u need to be placed in Twitter jail for a couple of days. lol
Maybe I was getting to much jealousy & envy my way.. Cuz for a sec I thought Knowledge could b a burden
I don't see that nigga on my TL anymore lmao
thanks south for the support!
Managed to squirt toothpaste into my eye
I ain't perfect but I try !
Listening to LEVELS before our auctions is gettin us fired up! =)
That does seem a bit ridiculous.
it'll be nice in CA! See you next Sunday! :)
Love that I don't have to go to school tomorrow
Cosmic Gate tonight. Come play.
Why The Ciara Song "Love Sex Magic" ft. Justin Timberlake Is So Orgasmic? Damn It I Have An Erection Right Now! xD :$
Wow what a badass ! (Or as my sons would say, BEAST)
#NowPlaying The Offspring – You're Gonna Go Far, Kid on #Spotify. I can't stop listening to this one.
are you going to do a tinychat today?
LOL behave woman..
If target can tell when a women is pregnant, why cant our teachers know when kids know fractions via prez at
Yes! Thank you for following me here on Twitter Renee. The star is BEAutiful... as in Beauty!
.....12-hour shelters in the Chicago area by offering job training and placement services.....
Thinking of cutting my hair again
#political genius campaign! Fred Karger for President
hm sweet crunchy crackerjacks ...the prize inside is a job!
I hate that you know all the little things about me.
Welcome to Twitter :)
But I can tell you this, I never would have thought Royal Ivey would have been the most tenured pro off that UT Final Four team.
Overheard snippet in ALA hallway. Why is it named the Carnegie Room? Because he gave money. Dale Carnegie? That's cool.
Happy Mother's day!
Always love working with my laptop out on the GUTS bus and getting weird looks from other people.
Calvin Johnson would be a great contestant if they still had the foot locker "non basketball" dunk contest
We go to 4th first tomorrow????
Please don't talk about "defenseless" players in hockey. I get enough of that BS during the NFL's season.
RT Many things just take longer than we think. Allow urself to enjoy the process without that RUSHED feeling
hey at lest you have money to get from the bank or put in the bank. :)
sick throat hurts :( atleast my sleepover is tomorrow (y) sucks only a few of my friends can make it
Gosh, i love him <3
Thanks to all who performed at our monthly songwriter series at Johnny D's. Nov's will take place at the Cantab Lounge contact us for info.
Taht makes sense.
where were you watching the games at? Nomad?
S/o To So Sweet. An Amazing Person. I Miss Her. Hope Everything Is Well. (:
Victor's gonna have to change his name to Victor Ewwwman.
We drank IPA and gave quotes for 's Graze mag. Pick it up! "Lakefront IPA is the Violent Femmes of beer (without the lawyers)"
Im worried :(
My bedroom floor is covered in used tissue...oh head cold how you have destroyed my room.
The Android market sucks.
#BryanKest "to be gentle, you have to quiet the mind and pay attention to the experience” #ASYoga,
Thank you Charod for opening up this account again!!! San Antonio it's about to go down!!
is the best friend in the entire world 😘😘😘
Packing for #SMWNYC I need to experience the "Lin-sanity" first hand.
Another day at the job aye? RT : Got to the club and the crossfader is broken!?!!? Gotta rock the up and down faders.
Interested in being a Mentor Counselor for Upward Bound? Email letter/resume to .edu by 3/1.
blowin on loud writing to these beats Foriegn Whips & Foriegn Chicks coming soon .....
True, Dai, most gallery walls R white, it's just that image, Mainly the article is addressing hanging details.
It's coming!!! It looks like a huge puffy float coming up Western.
just showed that to al nap. Hes loving it lol. He wants a cd.
Friday night playing a show at espresso yourself music cafe I'm Powell Ohio at 7 PM. Join if you like to rawk!
Someone who will not make second class citizens out of women is what I expect from my next President
What do you call a black person on the moon? An astronaut you racist bastard...
if you steel someones marshmallows at least chew with your mouth closed.
I'm not buying Marco Rubio's book. No thanks.
awww miss talking to you too! how have you been!?
Thanks for the retweets !
there you go again not even speaking proper english.
How are you sweetie I hope you have a great day
A valiant comeback, then a wild pitch to end the game? Really #Reds?
And so is Lucy!
Thanks to for meeting with me about her upcoming doc. She is doing important, thoughtful work that should be seen.
Not in a good mood right now :(
sounds like Marty party was a blast!!!
Whenever you are to do a thing, though it can never be known but to yourself, ask yourself how you would act were all the world looking at …
Lol Thats why Im a Steeler fan,you can find a Punter in the 7th,better be Ray Guy for a third rounder.
Too slow for the worlds pace. But im looking for change so I gotta join the chase.
Um...ok then.
Thanks Dan! Any more attention to that though and I'll have to drop what I'm doing and bring it up to snuff!
EdgeWebware tagline "If you aren't on the EDGE you're just in the way". Isn't that great!
I should be writing this since I'm both degree-ed in Eng & I'm hilarious. Whose a girl gotta tweet around here?!
Any chance you can follow back so we can DM? I definitely want to make sure this issue is taken care of.
I'm taking a shot of chocolate cake with JFK wish you were here
thank you! You're awesome:)
Now how was that not a foul on Iman?
Just landed in LA... Looking forward to a bunch of meetings setup... Should be VERY productive day then back to Seattle tonight
my life is music
Had a great time at lunch with the pretty on this beautiful day!
mine! And a couple of other girls' :)
I'm happy you liked it. We just needed to see how they turned out.
Playoffs are about to start, and I'm back for the whole thing to clown these Cryami cHeat fans as usual. Wheres my nigga at
CASTING FIR REALITY SHOW IN NY LATINSHORE@ tweet me for details
STRIKE EM OUT, THROW EM OUT, DOUBLE PLAY! WHAT A THROW BY SANTANA!
The Vikings decided to save some time and only look at a couple schools to draft all their players.
Have fun, Dont party to hard(; Haha We love you too!<3
I just fell into that one didn't I...so dissappointed in myself
that's more that hlf of our lives ! D:
RT : Man that movie was to fuckn funny my niggas an had me rolln
By the way, winner takes home a Trust-based Parenting DVD and an Empowering Connecting and Correcting DVD!
Thanks again to for being a SILVER SPONSOR of #BlogathonATX. Writers--check out their upcoming event!
people do drugs to attempt to cope with difficult problems or situations, including stress, trauma, and symptoms of mental disorders
Bad decision: Deciding it was ok to play #OldRepublic for a couple of hours before writing my diss. chapter. Now everything seems boring...
sure is hahaa
Here's an option. How about you love me back. there...problem solved...lol jk
FCC is creating cell phone alerts in case of national emergencies. Story at 5:30 on
What Peirce are you reading? I find the way he frames his essays and his asides to his readers hilarious & paranoid.
Best cities to be in on St Pat's Day: NYC, Boston, Sydney & Austin. Oh, and Dublin, of course. : )
what's your review for it?
Need to shut it down for a while. In this order...writing, taxes, cooking, SUPERBOWL. Go Giants!
Still up.
and d-collections are the Gale type stuff.
Pretty much exactly how I feel right now.
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
Oh man I had a chem test to take. (-.-)
incredible victory way to defend your title!! With a Standing Guillotine Choke of Machida. God Bless.
Spittin rhymes out like bullets, say that im AKing
all in all not bad. Definitely need practice with them. Chunked too many which is all in my head/swing. Solid irons though.
If you hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. ~Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
My dad has been extra nice lately and I'm scared that's all gonna go away when he gets my report card...
Last task of this very long day, sitting down with my
Just like I've failed every match making quiz online.
Do not deceive your self. Do what you say and say what you've done
Head of Company Culture , Andrew Dolan, asks: "What if your building helped you work?"
come to SF and Caitie will make you that shit. She's like a little Jewish Martha Stewart.
ABOUT TO BE ON TONIGHT AT WET ULTRA LOUNGE call for Reservations 915-449-2066 WET ULTRA LOUNGE & POWER 102
Soccer Capsules: Seattle still finds LA to be its measuring stick - Brownsville Herald
Picture day tomorrow
Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education Board awarded the School of Nursing the maximum accreditation for all of the academic programs!
why dont they just sing them at the same time and save us the misery
"Don't fritter your life away"-Advice From A Donut Shop Owner
Posting some new music latter on tonight. Thanks for all the support so far guys! I REALLY appreciate it..
Have yo already signed up for Draftstreet before? That would be the only hold up. If so, I can have them connect with you
if he plays 15 mins Bulls win this game and this series
I'm about to cry from all this damn love.
purple and red!
So you're just gonna walk through the airport with no shoes on
I get all the best poker news from
Whether or not J.P. Morgan asked Tesla "Where can I put the meter?", this logic of profit continues to pervade our world!
Cleaning out the barn<<<
Oh, #Milwaukee! It's $5 Martini Day! Come in any time today and get any regular or specialty martini for just 5 clams.
Does El Ten Eleven sound like '90s radio rock without the vocals to anyone else?
It scares me everytime gets naked on his show and he does it a lot xD
It's Franchise Friday! Have you ever considered owning your own business? Give us a call! 916-929-2220!
If you haven't followed my personal yet go do it! ! I followback! :) kthnks!
NBA Executive of the Year: Larry Bird. Added David West and George Hill.
you will be missed buddy. Good luck with your new gig!
I KNOW! lets hangout pweasee. what are you doing tomorrow? I dont have work or when I do have work lets have lunch break!!
Who remember the days when you was young with no swagg what so ever? Lol.
Started The Way last night at 2am. Audiobook version. Nearly fell asleep. Scared that Chris would tell me to kill the president.
Hey if you need a place to crash in Toledo let us know, we're 5 minutes from the venue.
We had so much fun with them at our Profile Picture Night event last fall.
Home made chicken pot pie. Who knew the secret ingredient was nutmeg?
Enjoy your time off!!!
‎"They only call it Class War when we fight back."
#Ridiculousness is gonna be so dope tonight!!!
haha dude you gotta come one of these days my friend!!! Have a fun night, and if youre around, I go on at midnight tonight! :)
": miss u" miss you too boo.
bringing back memories of the "Heidi" game...
Only a addict gets angry when you bring it up
Just got home from #mocca, and sorting through things.
RT : ANTIK Tonight!!!! 356 bowery.Start with straight shots then pop bottles. Party wit MLINY and DON.
. killed it last night!! E Lansing shows so much love. Wouldn't have wanted to spend 420 anywhere else!
Thanks for coming! RT : Best way to end say nite, nite: w/ and a drink from
RT : And there it is, right on the #, UK by 8. Hope you either had the hook, or bought it off. #gambling!
Thanks Evan! Let's keep in touch. I've learned a lot from talking to you over the past couple years.
Yeah! Thanks for registering!
Tonight I'm going to try something crazy. Instead of staying up. I'm going to bed.
Anyone out there an expert at trussing a chicken? I pretty much tie up all the loose parts.
Looking forward to your performance tonight.
So far, not packing my own toothpaste is the only fail of #msconf - Jason uses Sensodyne #gross #imarriedanoldman!
