I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.'
New dessert in the works . . . house-made vanilla bean ice cream, truffle caviar, olive oil & rose salt . . . simple & unbelievable!
Getting ready for Club Play...
Just saw the funniest shit lol ..!!
At Target Field? Hoping to catch a game there sometime this year or next.
Clear Capital: Stable Home Prices in 2012, Modest Increases Forecasted for End of Year
I love food
so what are they gonna do? Hit her? Ha then how much of a good person would they look? None at all
Never think you've seen the last of anything. - E. Welty
haha we'll see how THEY like it...damn gay appointment ruiners...
great job tonight! so proud of you. missin you already <3 we needa chill? movies? dm me...
can i just die right now because school starts tmrw. ugh.
Revenge is such a good show! So intense.
The only thing I might love more than watching my dog sleep is watching my dog watch tv. Just sniffed behind the screen looking for a bear
mr. b (colleen's dad) just said "cus i'm so attractive i'd get swarmed" when asked why he was in long sleeves.
which gets me to thinking!!, how can a person NOT have their cake and eat it too? It's cake! What else is it for!!? lol
will dominate the construction of this BBQ grill and smoker. with MHL.
um 2 for 1!! Like the game needs to be on for that
#radioonedirection I was interviewed at the singing at J&R and heard myself in the interview. Thank you, so much.
o.m.g I want to go!!!! I can't.even though I live in the same freaking state it's in...OMG!
No! No commercial go back to punk'd!
turf burn fucking sucks.
free candy!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer
I think Joan has Megan's number for sure
can you email me your contact info?
You have 69 tweets
UR SO RIGHT
It looks fabulous! Good job.
Working on the i3 Grant tonight watching the game. Thinking that connecting with the would make for a good partnership?
Tarpon Trivia Tuesday ~ For those of you have have visited Tarpon Springs, which is your favorite place to stay?
That mini heart attack you get when you miss a step on the stairs. ! ~.~
Dinner was yummy!
not always true i hang arond niggas to get notice
It is time to bring your hopes and dreams to LIFE! Call out your Greatness <3 G
There's definitely some parallels, particularly with regards to the show being about process rather than resolution.
Lol i thought i did by putting 2 words everytime he write a paragraph ! he keeps talking abt himself! ugh
where are y'all able to buy one? I though it was still sold out..
not much is it goog
WONDER WOMAN, SUPERGIRL, BATGIRL, ALL IN THE HOUSE AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT! COME EARLY BC IT'S GONNA BE CRAZY! PEACH CIROC TONIGHT BABY!
By the way, the 30% off coupon (UPANDRUNNING) is good thru Mar 31
I'm So Well-Rounded In Da Game.. I Should Win MVP!!
we make ur life amazing !!!
How nice the dude just paid for our breakfast must be my sisters hair cut
My bro Already know Melo lazy ass gone be #RingLess forever lol
Living never wore one so much as the effort not to live
the truth hurts but the people that need to hurt are deaf to fairness and eyes wide open to abject greed
We are currently looking for a PHOTOGRAPHER to join the BlueMonster! staff. Message us for information.
Yes, iPhoto on iOS is everything it's cracked up to be.
...perfect. I always prefer a man who never forgets the lube. ...And a self-starter. Points earned.
Doing Cynthia's iPhone case with Swarovski crystals !
no ireland
got pro tools crackin on the new laptop so I'm good to go
everyone should read this man's book! :) he is a Denmon after all!
“You can judge your age by the amount of painyou feel when you come in contact with a new idea.”– Pearl Buck
Humor can see you through life..=)
I love my Jäger boy more than anything, but right now he is being a pain in my ass 😞
You ladies cleaned up tonight! Congrats! :)
i think having your hair a little shorter would accentuate it better....
Has anyone heard anything about that little lad who fell in the river?
Not a clue where my address book went so I can address my Christmas cards.
is moving to miami ....WHAT THAT MEANS HE NEEDS TO COME TO TAMPA TO SEE ME AGAIN.
It's too early in the morning to compare anything to Neil Diamond. Now, Neil Degrasse Tyson, that's another story
"There is always something new out of Africa" Pliny the Elder
oh okay so what are yew doing? :)
My throat hurts when I swallow. :((
Our cat paws the snow/From the inside we ponder/Tundra feline life
Fed makes surprise announcement to keep low rates into 2014. Includes statement that economy is "expanding moderately" and inflation subdued
yeah.. but people make it seem like the minorities use it more.
thanks flawless Wolf Girl
thanks, probably nothing will come of it, but I gotta try! :-)
Whew! Final edits done on new library web site. Now time for user testing!
one of the nicest sets I worked on. Probably the best group of actors in a show. They could all do almost anything & often did.
u think that #Future-#Pluto goes hard ???
So, Guy's guess what, My finger it swollen and crooked. Ughh.
I'm actually watching "Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the 13th." It's pretty much an even worse "Scary Movie."
You can always identify a New Yorker by their gait.
Great event today everyone! Thanks to all who attended and we'll see you next year! Check www.hopeforfirefighters.org soon for pics!
looking forward to your restaurant opening, will it be this year?
RT : Nov 10-24 Perceptions of Promise at Chelsea Art Museum. Originally at Glenbow Museum, Calgary
Here's to my last day as a #PRintern! It's sort of bitter sweet...
Oh....Uhmmm....me no likey complicated. I must be able to do everything from my ipadddd as my laptop is the devil. :)
Note to self: watch Ed Lee "too legit to quit" video
Real housewives of Disney lol
this local fl band called before you exit:)
#HappyHolidays to EVERYONE. Be sure to follow me as I take you through the miraculous and divine world of music, music, and MORE MUSIC!
Mele Kalikimaka!!!! Aloha to all of our followers for the support & everybody who has joined our networking site! We appreciate da luv!!
Its almost 1am. I'm still studying. I'm hungry. So that means, I will no longer study. Food first.
finocchio, tarocco, san marinese cappaletti, panettone, listening to records on the phonograph = perfect italian christmas with the fam.
So full I might die. Chiang Mai FTW.
I'm so cold and lonely. :( I wish dat you was here to keep me warm and entertained missing you everyday. 8/17/11<3
We're still about half an hour away. I can't wait to finally be there!
I'll give you double what Phil does for 1 or both of those!
So how was your day Wacey?!
Finn seems like a real approachable guy ya know?
Do you really wanna hurt me, do you really want to make me cry
let me know what u think.
You never know how good you had it till its gone.
it is so big yay
why u stop following me
RESIGN IMMEDIATELY!!! WE NEED NEW LEADERSHIP11
oh okay I thought I was gunna have to punch you!
I am not!
MATILDA IS ON
« You talk it. We live it. You’re jealous. Admit it. #GNATION!!»
careful. Minecraft is addictive. Starts with one person, quickly spreads. Then you find you need a server, then plugins.
Just 4bet jammed 9s into this Asian kid's JJ to bust in 43k pot. Playing $565 tourney Tom.
can I have a follow? Just turn that button Blue!
Follow back please? (: x
Does anyone know if corn tortilla is bad 2 eat if your dieting trying 2 lose weight. I know its much better than flour
lol it wasn't standing room, it got filled... Yeah, I know how that goes down, travel and people who don't stay home
There is nothing worse then a kid throwing a shit fit when your babysitting
Who makes my world go around? That's right,
Sophia & Dr. Dyson debating issues of 'biblical interpretation' 4 America to see how "CHRISTIAN FRIENDS" speak w passion/compassion
The difference between GOP posturing on terror and Obama posturing on terrorism is that Obama gets results, not empty bragging
I love you all :D
So Saints-Pats games went like this then?: "Hi Bill." "Hi Mickey."
Glad that could be of help…I thought they looked promising.
Bro Croatia is amazing, it's now 8 am and i going play badminton.:) I just tart my project. Can you please tweet my video and say
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one of them
YOU are somewhat legally obligated to say that. But I love you for it just the same! <3
I think Renee Zellweger and Bette Midler are long lost Mother & daughter.
maybe I will tom!! My friends coming in town I can't todayy
an interesting read
RT : PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Snaps Losing Streak; Rises 6.3% In 1Q - We BUY
AM NOT
she wuz there. and i only tell the 2 of u guys stuff. and you guys are more trustworthy than others.
white wine > red wine
Holding down the fort today (1-5) at the Read/Write Library (). Come read/donate/hang out with some zines/books/etc! (& me)
#IfYouKnowMeWell then you'd probably know that i love music.
doode I already started mine lol
My grandma > your grandma
Can the Ox come on Now
I'm really excited about the start for the White Sox. Do you think they can be a team to compete with? Big fan of your work!
yeah we will
These injuries are not accidents, they are the direct result of continuing to teach antiquated techniques & terminology.
If you are in the SF Bay area, please contact me if you do any kind of "circus" act.
I voted yes twice for the #merger :)
I'm soo tiredd!! And I'm ill -__-
Hi. Yes, send me details. Will want to promote this event.
Bold Move..yup! Figured there is a degree of overlap
Start a trend #bestmovieever Mighty ducks
so your gonna miss double decker? Bo!
FINALLY understand the "ul cannot be a child of ul in this context"--read your comment and everything snapped into place! Thanks
Rule number one don't judge me before you get the chance to know me
im good, livin the life of a college kid. Wbu
Great way to be! RT "Tweet others the way you would like to be tweeted." ~
wouldnt doubt im always around Portland somewhere haha
I want to open the first nude comedy club, but only hot chicks who know how to dance can perform...I'm opening up a strip club.
At Whole Foods in Charlottesville, the cheesemonger sings. Loudly.
Nothing like fresh krispy kreme doughnuts i could eat a whole box.
what said. Please don't ever stop.
yes. Yes u do fail
update: went 1-1-1 thru pool play. Lost the 4th tiebreak and will play in the Consolation. Missed some big chances to advance.
I really wish I knew what was going on! Ah
I heard that! That was great! When Brown rolled the R in Barajas, I totally lost it.
hahahaha, its awesome out here. :) I'm having so much fun. I'm doing awesome thanks! Went to Wyoming 4 days ago too lol
"Ell oh ell."
I highly recommend an afternoon at #VictoryField! How often are you doing these weekday afternoon games?
#prayingforCaitlin with all my heart. Hope she wil be good soon.
I know you are ready for Ebuxing.com to be revealed to you and so am I , but I want it just right, so just a litte longer as we test it all.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe
RT RTcudawudashuda: 'we own the podium, we just let other people stand on it' ...
You're great, Stephen! And I miss you!
Interesting opening tag
At Piven Theatre about to watch Krissy and Jonathan perform!
Horray for he is having a great game so far. Congrats man. I should have started him this week.
RT If a woman votes Republican now she is not paying attention. - - a thought for this early morning.
its cool awesome I want to come to Montana !!!! Lol
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. -Napoleon
No. I will try that later.
this nigga got me over here almost sick
Inside the cap is a little empty =)
chitown and L.A. they do
im goin to da dance now i need a ride imma need yu to hmu bro
My twitpic is tripping!
keep that attitude and your are a lock 2 play for a long time at a high level
Ask bands you like to play your show, stop when 3 say yes.
Stay classy Cincinnati!!! Bunch of thugs!! @
what a weirdo :p
yes, the indie film right?!
A great sign appeared in the sky, a woman- clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars.
Hard during holidays but about 95% there RT : Got to holla u keeping it #healthy &
Holy mother of God from Where can I get a hold of those slide decks?
Bases loaded with McGhee at bat. Wild pitch gets Marcum in a pickle on 3rd and that's the inning.
My 1 a.m. #Martin session
Had a great second day at the ! Meet fellow brit !
#YoucuteandAllBut you're not a 10 and you slept with a bunch of dudes from your hometown
Okay wit me yea it's okay wit me. Wanna pop bottles all night wit me.
Ha! RT : Accidentally hitting the "help" key in an Adobe program is like butt-dialing a talkative relative.
U noe who's beautiful girls with out make upp!
thanks or following!
Car crash with injuries at Quincy & Parker. Woman bleeding from the head. Rescuers en route.
haha no it's easy. Don't worry about it. Tubas get treated nicely
Aint Technology Cool
": When you need to make a decision, don’t let your emotions vote."
Good Morning everyone!! Don't allow yesterday's regrets to prevent you from achieving today's possibilities.
I'll Have Another, won. Get it?
Why is everything making me sad today?
Im taking a break....
Yall gonn make me act a fool
want another tester? *waves hi* I'll be sending you an e.m. in the near future - a project for you and
I'd rather have Adam Dunn defend the city instead of those two goons
Newt has an agenda!!!
Indeed. When resources are allocated to depts, depts will be in conflict with one another. Kay's focused on ?s of learning today.
Psychotherapy works! Call us for more details. Its confidential..
If you ain't got it you ain't got it the theory is brilliant
Top that!
I'll be a millionaire once I'm done making this device that lets you punch people in the face over the Internet
^TH I've been everywhere, I am on with 10th person in the last 3 hours. SIGH!
slick road conditions on WB I-80/94 at Torrence Avenue.
and amazing conversation hehe
Fill in the blank: My pet's favorite game to play is ___.
Why not let Gasol shoot? Quit doubling him!
Three intransitive verbs walk into a bar. They sit. They drink. They leave.
I hate feeling like i am rushing through life.
He tired nd drinkin his apple juice nd gon ask where my room at cuz he wanna lay dwn
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and a happy and prosperous 2010!
negative!! It's almost #beachtime!
RT : For "Find Your Missing Link" events this week in LA - use our hashtag #MissingLinkLA cc/
All I want is for one guy to prove me they're not all the same.
So when do the walking dead katana blades hit toy stores??!!
Ok so what do you thing should be done to impact the #HIV epidemic? Strategy vs rhetoric
yeah for sure
Favre favre favre go away away
. to release statement, possibly today, to explain "opportunities" and "rules" of ANC 3D 07 residents' petition
#GOPDebate #Medicare voucher program plan? vague but forceful inhales O2, exhales facts
Ron Bennett of School Service of CA says state has taken most of state's large districts to the financial brink with years of cuts.
You Kant Talk About NOBODY Lips Lookin Like A Damn Platypuss By Da Face
when it comes to the strike zone, certain hitters get the benefit of the doubt.
hi kian! how did your day go? :)
This. “: Tough loss... ok time to let it go ...short term memory is blessing sometimes...”
texting you now!
thanks for your support David!
RT : No sleep till Brooklyn
Ouch. Zero retweets.
YES NEW YORK!!! I'm with ya on that! haha <3
It is just nice to know that real people are paying attention to what you create (:
Probably not a good sign when you have a blister before you've even left the house!
Not gonna lie. Not having a DVR upstairs is like watching tv in the stone ages.
USDA recommends only 3 cups of Dairy per day for adults.
I guess them 4 years in high school going to bws err Tuesday will do that to you , you start noticing that shit
Hahahahah got er 😉
Good night peoples
excited for the start of the new semester! ready to recruit new members! #SACFair!
Was hoping to hear you speak at the Daily News SmallBiz: Big Impact Conference tomorrow and disappointed I can't make it happen
I lost my boo to my business. I want to be better.
AAAARRGGGGRRR Shaving cream in my eye!
The guy reffin this soccer game>>>>
We are still talking about yesterday.lol A bus load of older Star Wars fans came by. Hope your having an incredible Saturday.
Now I want President Obama to take a stand on the legalization of Kinder Eggs.
thanks! Will do!
Creative editing music tonight. Looking forward to tracking vocals.
I could listen to music all day everyday for hours on end and do nothing else.
U/D Wilmot - 1 FF suffered minor injuries, medics transporting to Mercy Hospital in non-life threatening condition.
Hi, #internpro! How are you fine people this evening?
awe :( well at least you get to sleep tomorrow while I stay in awkward studyh. w/ crazy mr.Letmegiveyouareferralfornoreason.
I don't like people. Plain and simple.
Rich Preisig - twitter.com/expert
QUESTION GAME! Dm me a question!
Eating #Starburst LOVE IT!
same weekly driving time as a normal work week!
A Shout out to The Shut out. Commanding win from Carpenter and the Cards. 8 more to go...
hey!! It was amazing!! So fun...now I'm headed to dc and will celebrate again with fam....yaaay!! Lol
It's graduation day!! I'm totally wearing the same dress I wore at my undergrad ceremony 10 yrs ago. :-)
Girlfriend bio: I love my baby follow him. - Boyfriend bio: fuck bitches get money. - *scratches head* you sure that's your boyfriend? Lmao
I'm just saying.... Jason's nickname is "bitchtits bower".....
Twitter: launching first 10k small biz advertisers in a week in Amex partnership.
I love figuring out what other movies actors and actresses played in
Give me a friggin' break. It's a close game. Is he not allowed to bunt?
Gm all happy Seis de Mayo. Feels like a Kahlua morning
Old Marina, new Marina. They're wearing the same outfit.
everyone get prepared new vid #LoosestAussieKids with is uploading
gonna book some shows successfully for once
Guess I'll get up now -_-
I swear if this bitch says Abby one more time to her dog I'm going to yell STFU... From my patio :))
RT IF YOU'RE DRINKING OR DRUNK #ThankGodItsThe Weekend
Follow this: RT : The hashtag will be #ShareAScene. Please RT. An open access way 4 playwright 2 share, & all to be read.
Thanks T!
It's been great to be here! Thank you for having us.
... a fat little boy in New Jersey named Scottzilla just broke the state record by eating 53 mcnuggets in one sitting.
I feel balanced.
lmao nah I got you! Only you though!
A couple hours left then its game time
beautiful woman love u
I think they should all be fined if they miss #FREEthrows boom shakalaka
the question then becomes how do you encourage reading books and increasing reading comprehension?
Just saw Scags at 18 on shelf @ McNally Jackson Books, 52 Prince St, NYC. Go on, buy it, please.
Recording makes us happy!
Wilson lays it in to put #Badgers up 5, continues to be the storyline of the game.
i know i need someone to cuddle with ;)
Monday = "Industry Night" stop in and recieve 25% off your total bill! We look forward to seeing you.
cool, I was going to suggest a doubleheader tonorrow, and probably close the roof??
thanks for listing us everyone!
Mothers day bash at butler park tomorrow 3-until
Starting FREE FIRE by C J Box today, in prep for April mystery book group mtg. I'm a Joe Pickett newbie, looking forward to it.
I haven't been on twitter in so long :(
That is great to hear! Thank you for the kind words!
Your cat doesn’t want to take a pill! Let us put it in a cream to rub on its ear – it’s that easy! Call 412-681-6400 – avoid CAT ATTACK
$2 TUESDAYS BAR. WE SUPPORT LOCAL TALENT. DJ A OK IN THE MIX. NO COVER. 21+ FOLLOW , AND
Just saw the most incredible shooting star
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fishbowl.....year after year. Running over the same old ground.
I hate that i still think about you 24/7 but yet, im not aloud to talk to you... I still love you and i always will...
a steak to the mouth is worth a shake to the hand .... or 7 bucks ??
Wish I could capture this amazing weather and experience it everyday!
poster design looks great!
Except in Florida!!
Susan have you ever heard of XANGO? We are a company of total wellness and I would like to chat with you if I may! TY Neal
I am sorry we missed you! If you can stop back by before 7pm today and ask for me, Christina, I have comedy show tickets for you!
Thank you to my wonderful family and friends.
lol that was so funny and at lunch hahahahahahhaahahaha
At start, WSJ was nervous about writing a blog
Well I been workin since Monday and have two more days till I get an off day
JUST CHILLIN CAN SLEEP PEACEFULLY TONIGHT
Thanks for the mention!
quite chilly this morning.. but TGIF and thank god for no traffic!!!
Drunk coffee at 11, guess who going to be up all night
RT : Strange Brew hiring 4 the fall/winter! Email a resume if U R interested in a position! Coffee/restaurant exp. a plus!
ahaha. Ok homey.
what reaction should I have?
Thank you Mike, for the FF and have a great one!
Graduation season is around the corner. Time to #pitch stories about career, finances and segueing into adulthood.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. – Kenneth Blanchard
Thanks for the retweet! :)
i love perfect mistake iz iz cool i love them
Who gonna watch my music video for my song VA BAE when it drop?
Happy Friday! Less than a week from Turkey Day! Tonight check out No Bad JuJu and Jeff Jimerson & Airborne at Light Up Night Pittsburgh!
I guess a pathetic 2.5 mile run is better than no run at all.
Agreed! Exactly the point I made in my article...were only 5-6 teams, in all major leagues, on #Pinterest back in early Feb
I got the lights working again at work. Though now I'm disappointed; I was growing to enjoy the ambiance.
if I could give it some crazy number it'd be like 9979989889889889989899778987898988888888899/10 :))!!!!!
Welcome American Association for Thoracic Surgery Annual Meeting attendees! We hope you enjoy your stay with us.
KMA Music Congratulates Team USA!!!
Despite seeing two shitty movies, #AThousandWords and #DarkShadows, this weekend was pretty fun.
lunch and then work :)
Going for the Gold is so overrated. RT Olympic gold medals are really 92.5% silver.
Good night me Twitterbugs! Hope you ALL have a Super Saturday nite! :)
Why we observe the split-infinitive rule, for and and the rest of you who rightly note that the rule is silly
Ask nicely.
The whole office is out sick this morning for different reasons. What's up with that?
TIME TO TAKE IT TO THE TOP!!!
Yes, pleas do that. I am staying with KA. Should we car pool tomorrow?
haha.. My phone died fo real.. Get at me later. I'm done at 3pm today
How about "with at Mardak".
Ha! Remedied Twitter lawyer retained. Lol
for misplaced objects
Depends on your team need currently. Lowrie, Alvarez & Lombarozzi offer different things and can be useful for you also.
Someday they'll figure it out!
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Best part of the #MyFirstRedSoxGame hashtag? It was started by a fan (thx ) & is FOR the fans instead of the Sox marketing machine.
all over that Bentley :( poor thing lol, I love your guys show keep them coming! Come back to Baltimore MD, can I get a follow?
Enjoying Lidia Bastianich prepare escarole & talk about #Philadelphia & the 9th Street (Italian) Market
It's great to have good workout videos to choose from at home when you're short on time....like I am today! P90x core was good!
Her eyes.
bro, do you remember last year at 420? Myrtle beach ring a bell! My bathroom smelt like straight TREE for days.
thanks, Craig!
took some coworkers from LA to Ocotillo location yesterday instead of the standard chain restaurant dinner & they luvd it! Thx!
Thanks!!! :) THat song is on Spotify and Amazon!
Rick Springfield performed Speak to the Sky on American Bandstand on this day in 1972.
Happy #EarthDay! Go outside and love Mother Earth!
Guess I'm gonna sleep..night tweetards.
Watching Street Gangs of El Salvador on Learning about my mom's motherland.
I'm still dealing with the fact that I am still watching it.
your too kind:)
I guess the "choose civility" bumper sticker of the woman who screamed "f&$@ you" at me over a parking spot was meant ironically
"The Road to the Centennial Conference Championship is always under construction". Today was a great "work day". Practice 7 made us better.
NEVER let the haters get to you! Youre drop dead Beautiful! And you extremely nice! (: Dont ever let them bring you down! <3
"Hookers are like bounce houses"? Are you effing kidding me?? That whole article is disgusting.
Sad Oliver Townend retired, but its better than getting eliminated. Better luck next year!
I miss my baby, Tucker. ):
Now THAT'S an acceptance speech. Congrats!
“: The sun is out and it's raining. Huh?” THE END IS NEAR
#follow , our gorgeous chief designer
man I just moved to la I've been tryn to get on some ox tails n curry for a min. Where can I get dat at?
Sassys. Oh yeah.
68 basketball teams play in March Madness. They are divided into 4 regions and play for the chance to reach the "sweet 16" and "final 4."
Haha I mean all you can do is shake your head and laugh unfortunately
sorry I just say this tweet. We could of used somebody but got it covered. Thanks though Ed.
I want to follow a random family around Disneyland for a day and just be in the background of all their photos.
I be on it all night and I be on it all day.
I agree. I think Preds, Blues, & LA could draw solid #'s. I mean Boston-Van drew record ratings w/ a Can. team.
It sounds like that's the end of it.
Back hurts and I only slept an hour last night. I'm going to get some sleep now, buh-bye.
E-Trade baby. He never gets old.
Just finished listening to a really good blues rock band down at the Redondo Arts Festival while sipping a 32 oz iced coffee in the sunshine
it's okay. How about urs
Nice! Glad we could help. Tell that from AOL sent you :)
Hair done, everything packed, phone charging, & I'm not leaving till midnight, can't you tell I'm excited? (:
Were you able to stop by yesterday? Any feedback?
Whatever... The Kings are winning the cup.
my sister is going
ROFL,You have been to more places and seen more then you let on;) #NaughtyDonkey!
what concert?
Playing Dr Dre in the airport sports bar complete with cuss words.
Here comes the sun!! RT The SUN IS UP for the #KSLAM Breakfast Block Party
no it is not annoying at all :)
That FaceTime call was nice tho
The new DeVante Designz Inc spokes women search is on the way! got four nice candidates!
Love this--> “Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has... ~Coco Chanel
doesn't remember driving to work this morning. oh dear.
Face mask time #marykay #pageantprep has started :)
need lincense? birth certificate lunch card finger prints moms name elementary teacher name social sercurity card shoe size
You can't join Mathletes that's social suicide! D':
Cleaning off my desk & came across this scribble: "Make these people look research-y."
yes I will soon! Maybe Wednesday??
idk what im wearing yet!lol,maybe the dress i wore to your 15!
Hey neighbor, thanks for following me and thanks for being such a great friend to our kids! Your namesake...
ok, I'm in NYC. Where the hell are you?! :)
what?! When?
Make it nasty.
the black camera and my mom wants me to sell the other one for $30 and it might cone with a case but I have to check
FTB (For the birdies)
Fast 5 #1 Movie in the Country! Will it race it's way to $70 Mill this weekend?!
hey now! I was part of it too!
Age really ain 't nothing but a number for 55-year-old Sharon Simmons. The aspiring Dallas Cowboys cheerleader has had t
when you drink in bulk... The box is the way to go
We will! Have fun and be loud at home. We need KC to be Rockin too!
could be fungus gnats. clean catch trays, buy sticky traps, or put layer of gravel over soil. spray with water/non-tox soap
10 to go, i am seriously getting stoked.
heehee. so do i. but at least you get paid for it :) cc
an invisible dancer with a remote control for the movement's dimensions...
"Technology changes incredibly fast. People change incredibly slowly" -Paul Adams
#LADIES--> Boys will break your HEART but REAL Men will pick up the pieces.
3 days left for great holiday savings ! Stop by 6547 burnet road to see our great prices or just take a nap! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
okioki, well Erin being her good self already bought her ticket. Im pretty confident we could buy at the door though
dude! What station!
How does this impact #AAJA financially from a convention standpoint?
Kramerica seems like a made up company inside your apartment, which may or may not have a chicken.
#thatannoyingfeeling you get when your dog wont stop staring at you wanting your food...
wow, what a tard you are x)
"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies within you." Ralph Waldo Emerson
I want to be a Goth I don't care about anything anymore
Apparently it will be in the high 80s on #Marathon Monday?! Terrible timing. (Is that even safe?)
can't wait to see your new show on mtv! Also ty for being a great role model.
if there was only one thing I could eat for 21 days, it would be Junior Mints, not #Chia seeds. You?
tonight's to-do list: 1.) watch MNF... (end of list) GO CHIEFS!
I love the custard, the burgers AND the breakfast sandwiches.
lol true. most people just say I look like my dad and thats it
shid i need to come fuck wit you lol like when u want me to
MagneticPix.com- "It's functional art!" check us out!
I Need plans for today. Its to nice to not be doing anything.
no one is gonna cheat on u(:
I think you should be able to brag about your body when allowed to, especially if you've worked hard to get it how it.
hi. I'm following you now.
..TRY TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD!!!! 👊👍 ..hehe, i thought i was the only one who remembered it lol
Nature Feels -
how did I know you would have songs written and everything?
RT Someone in my neighborhood just got stabbed GREAT. -pack your bags. You're coming to live with me.
2 oz instant potato flakes, 1 oz butter, 1 oz crumbled bacon, 1 oz grated cheese, 1 cup boiling water.
Executives who bring in their own people lack skills to transform from bottom up; choose to do so from top down with THEIR proven performers
am i the only one that runs up the stairs because i feel an evil presence behind me? #OrIsThatEverybody ?
Cubs are up, punk. Thought you would want updates.
looks like a winner to me. Is that an airbender? What is that on the far right?
who knew a morning run in 37 degrees would lead to such a productive day
yea rite
are u starting the first season?! Did u finish season 2 of skins?
Anytime Stu, we're phamily and community. Happy 420
Scratch that, going to
really mrs collins, really....
Where the fuck you goin boy?!
Thanks so much!!
#3WordsForYou eat a dick
I wish that text hadn't sent.
Her saying SJ and I were close in age is way off xD Minus Henry. We're close xD
it's the G2x I'm tryna trade that bit or sell it.
Suggs and achilles trending blowing up twitter
Busy here at Chipotles
SAG-AFTRA dues are $99. FYI.
and all the other students whose computers don't read D2L files - the word doc for the assignment due today is up. :)
Admin textbook boiled down: delegate, take credit for good, place blame for bad. Repeat. :p
Blu Restaurant was proud to host Trion Worlds "Rift"
#MelGibsonSays I deserve this for "What Women Want"
What happen to the offense? Always knew the defense was crap.
Congrats to on winning the Wpt $350 for over $115K! Catch some of his rungood at in Aruba!
Asco con la foto de pin de mi mama
~ I'm good enjoying my time in
There is nothing more endearing, loving and wonderful than...warm donuts. Thanks
Yay thank you!
Lots of guys camping this weekend, including
id love that too :)
is that sarcasm or genuine excitement?
Go ask your doctor, why you be so ugly from the neck up?
Lincoln Park might have one you can borrow. Don't know if you can swim that far.
fuck i am so excited!!! united city!!! Lets go REDS!!!
the Browns also have two picks in the 4th. Couple a 2 & a 4. Would have ammunition to get 4 of top 75 & 2 in 4th.
Thanks, I'll check it out. "BackInTheDayBuffet"
Thanks John. See you at #12NTC ?
Welcome to B-Town Mr. !
still at RM. If you're here, come down
Today's the day. Isabel's driving test. Waiting in line now.
Like “Chunk Light Tuna” In A Blender Set To Puree …So Are The “Days Of Our Lives.”
I help people relate to each other. I speak of awareness and compliance to increase interaction and decrease discrimination.
go Dora
Me too! :D
Thanks for supporting the cause! You just wanna know what my first concert was. Don't you?! :P
you're the one (percent)
Will you be playing this year for the Fever?
“: Eating 's Easter eggs ;) #yummy” You little shit!
listening to new Ben Folds/Nick Hornby CD - best music I've heard in quite a while
The Brandon League Of Extraordinary Gentleman
always feels good to get to the root of a problem. But it definitely requires patience and perseverance!
1st game of the season against the #Steelers on sunday! The #Ravens are taking down the #Steelcurtain!
Watching Canisius keeping up with Loyola. where you at
im not a ho
ya'll are gonna be so smart now! #curategear Sorry I missed it!
Still in depression over the Rangers. I trying not to think about it. Okay... stop typing now.
Wondering how they will top today's talks on thurs at
#sslive Knowledge worker - primary aspect is creating, applying knowledge
I think this shelter may not work well with rescues. But having said that, I really don't think anyone has dog space.
It's about to rain ugh meaning it's going to be a bad as sad day smh
- just coming across your Storify of the ethics of photo debate; v interesting. any followups/action planned?
Family First. MOMZ? First First. Lo Siento
see your pretty face in class xo
Not everyone who kicks you in the butt is your enemy... But just because they pat you on the back doesn't make you their friend.
Tonight at the P&H Izzy and the Kesstronics. Swingish. Dancin stuff. Come on down.
odd since you normally eat just 1 bite of about 9 different things :)
Blitzing niggaz I'm john madden
Thanks for the shout out!
do it for show us.
What's the magic word tonight? BACON!
#Linning, he isn't going to be the next "Yao-Ming" He's going to be the new Ling.
Just entered half of Francis's notes for the #PealeBCLM glass negatives. Detailed information is his specialty. He's looking out for you!
dude better get Little for a while after this
"Very few people know how to work. Inspiration, everyone has inspiration, that's just hot air"-Beatrice Wood, potter, artist 1893-1998
Happy Earth Day... Green is the new black. Make sure to do you part by recycling :)
Twitter followers: #maythe4thbewithyou always
LetterMpress, releases 7/5/11, to App Store. If you design and love typography this one is a HELL YES! Can ya tell I'm excited?
came in, pencil is missing. not an auspicious start to the day :(
Just made some crazy music with and for - Y'all are gonna flip out when you hear this dude perform!!
Titus 2:11 For the grace of God has appeared that offers salvation to all people.
I think they know how loyal the iCarly fans are and take advantage of that...
I love her to death!! She is an amazing #Actress which you'll see in #HearMeWhisper She'll join soon
I know! Hopefully your dad is staying longer in Virginia
My old guy rant for the day: People currently working in news don't know what "breaking news" means. Maybe there should be a class,
One down, 13 to go.
Confession: I'm not who you think I am. I've seen your guesses. But I wouldn't be a true spy if I divulged my identity now would I?
Getting on a red line train in rush hour is like training for the coming zombie apocalypse
wearing jearsey that are hell of fadded is a
Happy for Tiger!! 1shot away from his first major victory In 2 years!!
Plus, no nudity RT : "Hugo" has interesting historical underpinnings, but is so grandiose in presentation that it irritated me.
i raised her from the dead though. She's a zombie.
So sad that Ralph Steinman died before hearing he had won the Nobel prize,
My summer is gonna be to good
Being lightheaded as no other and in a no good mood. <<<<
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
What do you do to stay in shape? Does it help your golf game?
boo to that.
Bucket list: meet with
I cannot wait for Justin to be single again
Had so much fun at our San Francisco office! Love my coworkers so much!! LA I'll see you tomorrow. :)
If anyone on the Culver City Art Walk is interested in a pick-up basketball game on the Dream of Power Halfcourt, stop by!
Welcome to Twitter!
that's my dog. Lol its still love tho lol
": Don't Be Making Love To Me. I Ain't Yo BabyDaddy!"
thats one place i dont wanna see right now
Be careful what you wish for cause you just might get it :-)
mine too.. Anything in particular they did????
You and me both!
You guys are having way too much fun over there!! -National Pie Week with FREE pies!!!
#youknowyoufromatl if u say shawty every time u talk.. in every sentence
Have u notice the people who work at jamba juice look like the people who never had a protein shake before...
#breakingnews JP Morgan Chase Bank announces it lost $2 billion dollars in the last 6 weeks due 2 bad investments. *closes account*
Jesus knew String Theory. That's how he could be a Christian scores of years before there were Christians.
yay! You made it onto Twitter!
Is the interview over ? If so please put it on youtube .
Very happy to hear it!
Going to a screening of TV movie "Have a Little Faith" on the Fox lot tonight!
She want a man dont need a man >>>
AND Courtney is in damage control mode. Turd.
he cal me dat name on purpose u kno i love it stop!!!!
Who do you think would win in a fight or - is my guy cause he won't be stoned today.
Yusef Chisholm, with his band performing songs from his latest CD. Be a part of a live audience for a taping of the DVD. 7:00pm Oct. 5th
Ladies, men will treat u the way that u display urself. If u display urself like that 99cent bag of chips he's going to treat u like that.
used to go there, it's a very good, conference- only jazz! Have 2 miss it,playing in Mexico 2festivals, looking forward. Have fun !
Aint no shame in coming off the bench in NLDS...Lets go bud
Just Got a Gig at The Grand Ole Opry Where ill be performing my #1 Hit Dirty Knee Doreen & Beer,Deer and Drugs Feat Kenny Rodger
It's a great day when our pets are feeling well. Keep them that way forever and make a healthy, homemade stew for them. wwwwholepetdiet.com
Thanks for these great numbers to share!
Dying to spend some time Down South, Brooklyn Style, with a fade and a flannel!
Blah, blah, blah... solutions require more than empty words: No matter how many times you repeat them...
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to play w/a mix of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, He-Man & Thunder Cats. I used shoes for cars!
come thru in the am so we can knock put those hooks..
The only Carlos Fuentes I've ever read was Artemio Cruz, but I read it four times (to teach it). It's crazy good.
What the hell. I just hit black ice. In match. In AZ
Sometimes you’re not afraid of letting go, you’re just afraid of accepting the fact that it’s gone.
thank you my friend. i will return the favor.
I follow 4 follow n I don't c no prob wit that...
when will you be going into the studio again??
That is a blessing.
we are wondering same thing! do you know hashtag for tonight's Mayor forum?
I'm sure you're extremely sorry, I mean you did apologize on twitter...
Sign outside medical office in Medford: Opioid Induced Constipation - Enroll now! Can't wait . . . or maybe can't go . . .
“: Confident means to be, open, plain,and straightforward!!!”
I love being a sexy Puerto Rican
the beginning of episode 3...continues where it left off with the rapper haha
Strategic voting applies. It's clear NF has a better chance vs CD than BF. [+]
Omg guys TGIF !!! And I didnt go to schoo like a boss!;D jk! I wanted to go :(
The year of the Dragon! We will be celebrating with a Dragon Dance from 6:30pm to 7:30pm. It will begin at the Casino main entrance
It was very yummy! I was eating sushi for hours. Ha
was so necessary. more coming soon.
Made it to the Crit Nats in Downers Grove. Lots of rain & crashes, but cool watching my pro teammates. Post dinner BBQ rocked!
Brutal!! We have to stop meeting like this!! That Holtby man...he's the real thing. Congrats. See u Saturday!
Dinner bell is about to ring: Tenderloin of Beef with potato puree, japanese eggplant and chipotle butter....come and get it! Yum!
I'm not counting Baylor out just yet, but man UK is putting on a clinic.
Beautiful day out & Im stuck in here working.... womp womp :-/
I hate the way the end of a cold feels. I feel so weak and icky. Glad its almost over tho. =/
haines, alaska
Everything happens for a reason, though the reason is not always as clear as we would like it to be.
Damn. RT : prince will be the first baseman, for anyone asking. cabrera will have to change role.
Luck! Been pissing rain all week, but sun came out for all 3 outdoor shoots!
Bitch ass nigga.
Hey I hope you are well. #Orlando has enjoyed hosting
3. More. Weeks. I can do this!
aw, man. WHAT A BUMMER. You'll just have to constrain yourself to our theme of NOT KILLING OUR GUESTS.
What's more exciting, a no-hitter or a walk-off grand slam?
our pleasure. Believe me I'm just as psyched about getting my team up. The downside of the tourney starting Thusrday is that I..
my niece is so much like me growing up i use2 get so frustrated over things that wouldnt go right Ill start crying&throw a fit&breakthings
Goddamn y'all my reading is tomorrow! Nervous, nauseous, terrified. I may be drinking by noon. It'll be fine.
Baha you could think of it that way..
Love and lies go hand and hand... Because I know my love lies to me...
-___- lololol! Not cool! & haha that was too funny! :P
Look what you've done
I have always wanted to visit the Moors in Eastern Britain. Very haunting.
Welcome to Twitter. game on.
College of Charleston has big win over Davidson today! Great Homecoming crowd! @ cofcalumni
. and I are genuinely concerned about Nick. It's like they didn't finish the story
Is the fighter serious? Laughter. Tears. All in one flick!
Aww! How cute! He better put out afterwards!
i think my nose is bleeding :(
Sabrina with Audrey Hepburn
Me Me Me, but am eating out tonite:) or would have picked up some fish to cook up :)
Art does not reproduce the visible rather, it makes visible.
Monday night .......come have fun with a sexy brunnette alexis.houstontopnotchlaymates.com
": Okeydokey I'm still @ wrk!" Okay text or call when your off!!!
Yes! Watches and cologne!
khali didn't sit down when he did it, and it's such a simple move others are sure to have done it.
Glad we could connect on twitter, ! Hope all is well :)
Love how my ap gov folder has become my everything mashed together/clusterfuck folder
. gives & myself 'internet cool' titles. IMO they do the heavy lifting & I cheer them along
Panthers are wise and sagacious creatures
Why must the Grading Monster stare at me so?
RT : RT : Wow, that time again? Thanks to new and returning participants for another fun and fabulous #Lrncht!
INDIE FILM NIGHT: Read for 2 Directors currently casting. Eva & Isaak James, a bro & sis team (think early Coen Brothers). Not to be missed!
It's wasn't a dunk. He just threw the ball towards the basket and it went in.
To a woman, there are two kinds of secrets: One is not worth keeping and the other is too good to keep...
Yeah, but he was banging Rihanna for a while. Gotta respect that.
can you give us a call asap - we have a little bit of a problem. thanks!
Why are you so amazing ?
I like your style ;)
This week Gain Response turns 10. WOW! Thanks to our clients and to our awesome team.
Congrats!! #Raven Symone comes out of the closet.
My R2 unit has a bad motivator this morning.
Come on, how are middle schoolers taller than me.
you are obsessed. We are getting you help.
And the job search still continues! Boo.
If the way the CPD handled the Occupy Chicago crowd and the anti-war protesters is an indication, it would have been ugly.
What a bitch.
hahaha they are probably gonna start making out and stuff...
Open Casting MTV’S MADE! DO YOU WANT TO BE MADE INTO A SURFER?
we can get over it, seemly its nothing more than poetry
Congratulations to the on winning its sixth MISL championship!
Gosh I'm so boardd!!!!!
Back to the #SAGFoundation tonight to educate myself. I'll tweet any good advice I get.
Every time I get stopped by a DC motorcade I want to believe its the President but there's never an ambulance to confirm Wonder who that was
Not "Right Thru Me" playing on the radio at my barber's... Must not go off to Nicki's verse...
such an intense conversation *grabs popcorn* Imao
Well there goes my spring cleaning out the window stupid tornado season.
I'm Boca bound, for a mail services site visit at FAU today.
I know- gotta save up for you though, but once I do I'll definitely be contacting you :)
Shooting is done...for today. Fog and sun added complications. i.e. a TON of post work for me. Need to do some pre-editing
Sad trombone
hope you come to the abundant living faith church in el paso!(: If I do I hope too meet you not a broncos fan a big fan of you!(:
if u ever need a grocery shopping tour, I'm of service!
Gimme Shelter...
Live chat with on waivers happening now! Tweet your questions via
I want #oomf to be here.
ah crap. What's the deal? Who did the deleting??
C-LAB meeting back in Austin.
Thanks for the RT. We had an awesome time participating and can't wait until next year!
Great choice!
How important is packaging of a product? I'm working on getting the coolest package for animal lovers to store their grooming tools.
I Got You
DAMMIT! POTUS has ordered a review. Brave step.
wow. I think I'd go by Jim. lol
wishing some #bubbletea love will come my way during finals week
Happy Birthday Lucas :)
ha! small world. I'm in Harrisonburg, just up 81. Welcome to the valley. awesome house!
Off to the city, how I missed the morning commute.
Q1: My mechanic is at the shop I bought my bike. I figure if they sell them, then they know how to tune them.
If it had been a PC, it would have crashed trying to process the 55K line spreadsheet *before* I even inserted the formulas!
Love it
I'm inside, too cold to stand out there
George is so handsome
u group u added me is it cal da underworld so thing lik dat its so satanic.
Heat came to play early.
"and it wasn't even clever!" LOL! that movie is hilarious!
I am regretting my decision to cheer for the Giants in the 2007 Super Bowl.
(c) smoking doesn't mean you should too. Smoking seriously affects you AND others around you. Don't see him smoking and think to yourself(c)
Still a good idea. The Thanksgiving tree starts to smell funny so quickly.
Thanks for following and showing us #love!
Back from a brief hiatus. Time to get back into some OpenGrooves! (opengrooves.com, b aby).
And to you too. G
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is. -Albert Camus
Really feeling this new Common album. Been bumping it for a couple of days now. Breath of fresh air release.
“: "How You Are" is my favorite song of yours on reverbnation. Love to hear more!” preciate ya girl. Got more otw
Congratulations on your pending move!!! Good times!!
“: LMFAO herself....now she can sing google me baby lol” HaaaaaHaaaa!! Yessirrr
Waiting to get a table at Cheddar's!
RT : I don't think it's cool that Kim Kardashian called Khloe a “troll.” “Tranny” woulda been much funnier!
Everybody talking about how did soo good I can just imagine them doing they lil swagg dance & TK sayin really cash thats all u got
Me too!
oh wait so giving matt a kiss then going to class is making out now? oh woops sorry for making you "uncomfortable" upperclassmen, ahaha stfu
lol me too, blowing good one time.
AHEM..... Can a brotha a an invite? I have whiskey. Lots of whiskey...
Me to , regarding caving to a Taco Bell craving: 'The siren call of liquid cheese cannot be ignored.'
I just realized that my user experience with an air freshener is spraying in a Z-snap motion. DRAMA.
Coaching my TEDxSanDiego friends on speaker prep on a late night webinar now, too bad I'm not there with them!
Support women not hateful speech! Pull your ads!
Jessica Simpson gives birth to baby girl!
thank you
I did it because I wanted to, because I needed to, because I had to, but mainly because you said I couldn't
Best Twitter iPhone app =
Texas is on board, or at least not against.
RT : If relationships aren't a test, why do people cheat?
To all my haters....Keep giving me your energy you make me even more fabulous
Am I the only one that finds himself, on occasion, wish his dreams were reality and his reality was just a dream?
I said YES. So yes. Bob will be traveling from mar 22-apr 12. Why don't you come stay with me for a girls weekend!!
good! Now you have no excuse not to check your tweets ;)
Time to get classes for my last 6 months of college...Crap college went by fast!!
That's great to hear! I love your brand & would love to work with you. You guys having a good Thursday?
#bucciovertimechallenge Sharp and Torres
HEY my loves miss yall trying to find time to upload a video but were goin to start getting on here more so hows everone mentions us-Tamya
Thanks - I crossed paths with them on my way back inside.
Love without attachment is light. -Norman O Brown
theres gonna be posters up in the halls tomorrow morning -_-
Shut up and enjoy it! Everyone loves bacon! :P
Local Boys results: Deep Run over Hanover, Cosby/Midlo, TD/Bird. Game to watch tonight JRHS (home) v Clover HIll @ 7 will be an awesome site
stop taking pictures of your car!
Google Chrome Beta now for ICS and it r o c k s. !
Oh yes it is!!! : I'm pretty sure the party is coming to me. lol
For those who feel taxes R not high enough n Jax, tell that to Mr Lewis who because of increase he is left with less than $100 n bank after
3 days down 12 more to go... Keep your fingers crossed
good job Nuggets, hope they tie the series when they have game 4
Shortsighted & made no sense. Seems like a trend with her.
In Test Prep with makin fun of pants on the ground lmao
Zac Efron + Nicholas Sparks. This is quite the weekend for the females of our species.
Health care defeats moon. Ron Paul: "“Health care or something else deserves a lot more money than going to the moon.”
Can't believe my vacation's almost over!
Attending #Indy AMA event today: Anthem's Mike Reynolds speaks on 'Using Segmentation & Integrated Direct Marketing To Drive Market Growth'
Had a good core work out. (:
That's your baby not your paycheck
miss you guys!
Are you fuckin serious !
extremely jealous.
perfect blend of adolescence and adulthood. wishing I could go hard, but realizing my age and priorities.
hey gurrlllllll I'm starting to sweet more
Great tips!
White people: I know it's hot out, but please keep your shirts on.
Got my swimming swag on today...
Watched your video trailer. Will sample Lavender Roads.
those people who bring coat racks to rehearsal to hold all their costumes...
Have you seen the new Nike uniforms yet?
Hey Ricky!! How are you doing on your school work?? How much longer do you have? #youcandoit!
Gah, straight people, go away!! (Not really)
Big hug for
I wanna get a tattoo with my best friend
I am prepairing for a R+B gig,small venue "chittlin" circuit type.It will be fun! Using a small Hartke/Carvin setup with a BTB6
when r u gonna do another ustream?? :)
Hope you checked out the article and enjoyed. It was a fun write.
make it good too lol
Next version of distributor websites rolling out tomorrow
That would be the coolest thing ever! But, no, it's not. My name's Alexandra.
Maybe great #Baltimore #marketing minds think alike?!? :-)
Now on : "Under the Gun." Such a great jam! Giving away their new cd "Mondo" in a few minutes!
better luck next year.
If you want me to follow you, don't tell me you're going to make 'me' money. Friend, I want to know what's in your heart, not your wallet.
Crossing my fingers that there is no lockdown tonite at San Quentin. Need to work on our demo day pitches, on countdown.
haha. I'm so impatient :) Especially when it has to do with my bill going up $20 a month!
Racing around this #MondayMorning? Drop by our drive-thru in South Miami! We open at 10AM :)
“: if you are homophobic or an asshole. dont bother trying to talk to me.”
Cheers, ! Thank you for joining us tonight!
Josh smith yea right ... Big ticket k.g let's go celtics ..
Khloe is mad funny, just a cool an collected girl, ON KK take Miami...
There's so many little kids at the park...I almost lost my little sister.
I fail to see your point?
Fort lauderdale and Florida keys trip July 20th-27. This summer is about to be great
Work at 4 heard Kobe Bryant is gonna be there tonight eating dinner
oh drink cakes. I'm trying to figure out how to make a Manhattan cocktail in cake form for someone's bday in June
At the U.S House of Representatives now to advocate for vision & eye health
lose? we play
johnny rowlands spotted tornado SW of Olathe, weak rotation, no touchdown
when is that shirt off contest between chuck and the big Aristotle again? I forgot
Watered the plants for a friend who is on vacation. Gone 5 min top. During this time someone lifted all my hubcaps. Happy New Year.
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
#FACT 14,000 people are having sex right now. 25,000 are kissing. 50,000 are hugging. And you…. well you’re reading this.
#Youcuteandallbut.. Get over yourself? Kthx. :D
RT : Q: how to balance need for planning/protocols w/ importance of fast deployment and flexible eval of social media?
Anyone tweeting from the Mpls city convention today? Need to know when to come vote.
When was it ever okay to lie?
Just finished the pilot. Loving it so far. Hope non-theatre people enjoy it too so NYC can get a hit! Great job !
belated thanks for the congrats
haha it's actually *they're ;))
Don't burn bridges it could hurt you in the end ♨ 😌
my house is so hot i could pee fire
Last class before I blast off!!!!
Angel is an Angel now. <3
well okay then...
fact but I still got get dressed nice :/
Kansas LIVES. Feel bad for Robbie Hummel.
Tom and Lynette... Heartbreaking.
print print print!
I feel like I missed a few numbers here and there
This Sunday!
Just shook Gov. Kitzhaber's hand. Feeling pretty good about it. Excited to hear his speech on clean energy!
Celtics turn up turn up #TEAMRONDO!!!
:) and !!! over and over and over again.
So how bout Doron Lamb from Kentucky
happy birthday, enjoy the celebration!
just went through selection on Monday. Wilco?
estupid r u gonna stay awake late today :D and yesh ik we have a special bestfriends relantionship.
": Luckys tonight??? "yes sir, video game convention in town. bring your game genie or power glove
Medicated Patron XO Cafe got ah ah nigga ah lil nauseous....wit ppl in my circle I'm squared often...deff cautious
-Maria Bermudez, recently sharing her thoughts on Viva Flamenco!
where is everyone?
The most beautiful thing in the world? Seeing your parents smile and knowing that you're the reason behind that smile.
Don't spill any - RT : #FEARTHEBEER RT Every win for the Brewers is a win for beer.
I feel like God really has it to say that gaps are a way we are disjointed and incomplete. I sense He's interested in putting filler in them
we'll follow all the Badboy artists if you follow us
Why does generic brand soda have So much sugar?! It's like drinking syrup.
LUCKY! I missed out on it this year. Have fun!
what about schools offering DH certs already?
sounds like you're on the right track, let me know if there's anything I can do to help!
I know its just a game, but we all miss Dominic (PT) and regardless i still blame Rachel and Brendon for his eviction
"Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict."
Oh Now it stop raining when i make it 2 the house smh...
going 2 get my 2 gucci bag tommorow im getting my louie bag so freakin happy
anyone know what the question was at PC today that he didn't want to answer? i can't make it out on the video.
My Life at the Moment.. Jaw Pain. Tooth pain. My Daughter's baby daddy drama. No work. Bummer.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
is missing you like Burt's missing Dom.
Slept 12 hours last night and ready for a nap. Hm...
RT": #ICantDateSomeoneThat can't handle me at my worst."
tell her I say congrats 🎉😊
They keep saying there is somebody for everybody. I'm sure that's true, but being attracted to them and stand them...is a tall order.
Late night lush bath! <3 Candles and Champagne! Time to Relax! <3
Weather is not gorgeous here, so Antonio Arrebola's flamenco performance will be happening indoors!
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to donate at least $.10 to National Breast Cancer Foundation. via
I guess people on twitter do care that it's my birthday (:
dude it ok i did to of course are class had a harder subject
ahh the bittersweet DST. More sun after work (yeah!) vs feeling like it's 5 instead of 6 a.m. (UGH!) upon waking. Thoughts ?
Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying
I think it's fun and enlightening to post here and see how people are doing. I hope everyone is doing well and is getting along!
Wow! Thank You Sir! :) RT : A good man to know:
HEALTH NEWS: Solarium compared with alcohol and drugs
Check the weight of your child’s backpack. It should weigh less than 20% of their weight.
RT My TL @ night > My TL during the day
You can hang out with your friends but cant hang out with me. #ISeeYou ..
only 40 more minutes :). Also, I'm wearing pajamas to your house. Judge away.
lmao!!! Right? I might fall & break a hip or something.
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time. ~ Mercedes McCambridge
Got VIP passes for 2013!!
So much info from Kurzweil keynote, can't keep up, love crowd sourced updates from #sxsw folks
I'm on it! Tried to retweet you but couldn't
RT : White people know how to party for all the right reasons, Black people know how to fight for all the wrong reasons lol
it's kinda ridiculous, but I NEED her in my life lol
hey what up? you are a really cool person!
bahahahaha! Walking up to the 3rd floor of SL always gets me too! #IUPUIproblems Maybe I should do the same...
Durn....next time, next time.
Hopefully seeing Green River Ordinance in concert APRIL 12!!!!!!
Rain rain go awayy
Unfortunately I live in Houston, otherwise I would take you up on that offer. I am usually available on live though!
Just me or is incredibly hard to adopt? I'm going to have to invest time in understanding this thing. Stop the auto-follows!
The problem with drying work clothes in the morning: I can't put them on and go to work til they cool.
Um, indeed.
Sat. May 12-Participate in largest food drive in US! Leave non perishable food at your mailbox to
Fingers crossed. RT #Caps have lost, won, lost, won, lost in their first 5 OT games, if it stays on track they'll win tonight
When you start worshiping others, i.e. role models, your growth stops.-Tony Robbins-
Do you think Snooki wrote her book? “: This is how you know your obsessed ."
and tell them three things: it's not your fault, you're not alone, you're not crazy.
Last year we went 1-0-1 vs Chivas, with Omar Bravo scoring 3 goals in those two games.
Alayhi salaam whenever say the name of a prophet Translation: Peace be upon him (A
TrueLife right now tho "I Hate My Face" <<<< lmao
Loving today. Can't wait to see my honey, after a long work week :)
Even my Rice Crispies had a few rather choice words for disturbing them this early.
Correction: won the $100 and VIP card for ! (sorry for the error earlier!)
contact my manager, monica wild,
Your humor is awesome!
There's one next Monday morning :P
heck I don't know Emily says she has a "vision" so that could be interesting!
Havent tweeted on here in a month & more people keep following me. Am I really that interesting & people want to see my tweets? LOL
Boys are like songs, you can never get them out of your mind.
HAHAHAHA that shit was too funny!
I'm a senior, I tried out for #kmobaseball , which means I WANTED to be apart of #kmobaseball. I didn't make it so now I talk shit. #whoami?
#FF The bestest Ladies in the West!
I'm playing around with it but i'm having a hard time thinking about how it's going to fit in with ContentDM and digital commons
READY for to COME HOME! =)
awesome! thanks.
certainly, those things can be obtained other ways, but a lot of people choose religion for those reasons. To each their own.
White grabs 10th national racquetball title - Geelong Advertiser
Hello fellow tweeters..hope ur day is goin Gr8t. If it is not, then just stop were u r and take a deep breathe and say"it will b better"!
miss you JB
2nded RT : what do i have to do to get you guys to open with #KeepEmComing at summerfest?
this is why I like u
Happy Earth Day!! What are you doing to keep your #recsports leagues eco-friendly?
Lela just made me download mad thug shit on my itunes lmao
ALL the time! :D
how does one contact the dining section?
Oh man it's my birthday month. I want to stay forever young the big 20...funny to everyone else I'm super young
This quarterback mentoring segment on SportsCenter is awful. The classroom acting bull is distracting, moronic, and unnecessary.
Thank you for all you do at #banana2 and for making a place for bloggers to get together to tackle social issues.
Can't wait to see the best friend tomorrow (:
Fantasy Golf: RBC Heritage preview A thrilling 76th Masters Tournament is fresh in the memory, but there's no rest on the professional To
It's the last day to see Vibha Galhotra's show - Utopia of Difference at Jack Shainman & also chelsea art crawl today starting at 4!
A note of dissonance in #music, will bring a great release when it shifts to harmony. Drane from is experimenting.
“: Thanks! :) RT As far as I'm concerned can moderate a bowl of jello and I'd listen. #LMA12”
There's a wild side to every innocent face
Thanks to C Daly for normal New Year's coverage. Times Square. The mayor. Musical talent. Good riddance green monster Anderson Cooper!
I'm well! Loving life and trying to live it fully. :-)
ELO-"I've seen lovers flying through the air hand in hand. I've seen babies dancing in the midnight sun."
I know I'm a bitch.
Last show of the tour today in Buffalo...looking forward to the warm weather back in NYC
At the GI Film Festival Filmmaker Boot Camp in DC. Top Film Pros share info. Cast of Army Wives Saturday night. Ck GI Film for info
I think that's a better idea. Know where we can get some custom armbands?
Sass E. McNasty from The Old Money Honey's will be on Channel 10 at 7pm tonight. Check it out.
Ah cool. What do you teach? If you have any ideas about getting more involvement b/w students and the tech community I'm all ears
Let me teach students any day.
RT:“ I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance! (By driving away and not leaving a note)”
Just set up Chunderbird on an E PC but "enjoy" mutt so much more
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
Lower 40 will be here from 9 until 1 AM! Come on out with your friends and family for a great night of good food and music!
great article man. Keep it up.
Sadness :( no styling suite this year???
Everyone please welcome and , the new authors of Pulse.
He won't even text me back !!!
I am pretty sure Google Plus does that with Picasa.
Lauren does not have green on!!!!
What did you do?
": "I hate drama" = I love drama"AMEN
Well it actually depends on what theme you would like to go for... making it look more personal gives it an edge too...
Craziest 24 hours Of my life! Big thanks to for the help with our brilliant detective tactics to restore Jaredkind.
The smell of burning. Firemen are here. They look gigantic in all their gear.
Hi Terry, Thanks for the follow. I'm a freelance writer for Community Newspapers special sections. I enjoy your morning show.
Phantom. Jar Jar, pod racing...ridiculous. RT : Which is the greater Lucas travesty: Crystal Skull or Phantom Menace?
OH: "Nothing beats a hangover like a snake on your face."
I just love you so much :)
what kinda car do u have?
I'm not the type to be annoying, but wtf is on your mind.
Just saved myself from a terrible accident....
Elie Wiesel answers "how do we preserve memory?" by saying "Memory - both individual and collective" w Pete Chasmore
1. Add some muscle
you's a bitch.
If you haven't discovered the greatness of 8 Seasons Grille, get to Bassett & Main NOW!!!
my teen loves your bit about praying to God for a bicycle...one of my faves too. Hope you're well.
Can't wait to have Sushi after work today just another half hour to go :)
JarBee wants to know...if you could have a cup of coffee with ANYONE in the world, who would it be?
Only just discovered 's magical prose, wish it had been sooner. Read "Love Goes to Buildings on Fire" immediately.
Breakfast 4 dinner
#EDM Generic levitra 20mg - Low Prices and Fast Delivery
I need your guy's Help picking out a new name for my New auto sound @ tinting shop
Econ is stupid hard.
My dad just got on facebook and not so coincidentally now people from highschool are contacting me. Fuck you, internet.
my wife just told me some of what you did in afghanistan, just wannted to say thank you, God bless
I did too and dammit, I had a great time too.
it's called biology.
lmfao! I should have recored it
good you
I guess tomorrow after work
love ya buddy!
I just saw 2 girls 1 cup, and 1 man 1 jar, dude never watch them!! It ruins your life!
I saw them last night in Orlando. Them, Bush, and Seether was all awesome! Great freaking show!
Me and Conversation... We are such whores!! Lawd.
Back from the gym for day 1 of training for 2013 #BrewersFantasyCamp. OK, was all stretching and foam roller, but back to the weights soon.
whole foods 365 brand!!
I'll get you back you just wait & see...
A day off school basically means that I'll be listening to Gotye's "Somebody That I Used to Know" all day. I'm obsessed.
Felipe Massa recieves a positive medical report after surgery, one step closer to returning, good news for Ferrari
Follow if you like to laugh.
I'm fucked
Huge s/o to the softball team!!! Way to bring home a huuugeee win! 👍👊
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail.
"GIVE IT UP FOR COLGATE! YEAH!" -Lou #UpAllNightDVD LOL
": Omg i wish I could take pictures...just seen this dude with plats with the big wooden beads on the end"<> u not serious lol
no sir I don't believe I do
I only cleaned 1/4 of my room.....I gotta do this over a few weeks because trash day was JUST yesterday lol
I had a blast making it. Glad you liked it.
Looks like I'm not ganna be able to get loose with the squad 😔
hand written notes are fab!
My days ruined
Ladies win a date with to and more. Send your pic and why we should pick you to
Learn about the benefits of goji juice, green tea, and yerba mate in this week's HerbClips!
#benefitfan Crossing my fingers! It would be awesome!
I hear a whip crackin' in the background
RT Bully conditions: Children are unsupervised & have stressed out parents that don't know what their children are doing to each other.
Eric Stonestreet missed a perfect opportunity for a fabulously ironic callback... Should have said "This is for all the fat boys!"
haha it's 83 where I live lol I'm dying from the heat.
How about "can't have too many guards"? Thomas is reel good. LAX Cty quite productive suddenly.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe everyone lies
Unfortunately we will not be around the area around that time sorry!
perhaps a little of both
Game day! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #welcometothebluehell and GAME ON!
