Need More followers Please follow us
“: For beer, we loved Deschutes in Portland and Full Sail in Hood River.”
i already married him what you talking about (: , and yes ! Only if
U have the strength 2 pull through ths. Yr weight does not define U. U need 2 accept that U R beautiful. Beauty is inside
Ready to be done with study hours
Wish u were in the ville, we'll party when I get back!
ok miss we must hang on your free days then, and soon! Don't leave for New York without your girl time. Spa week
The Orlando Magic are 1-10 ATS in the last 11 meetings with Atlanta. We expect the Magic to cover (-3) tonight
Our twins w/ #autism joined mainstream class + couldn't interact w/ other kids. Had to help w/ social skills.
It's been way too long since I've seen Dave Matthews Band live :( sad
Hey, how's it going? Did you get a chance to use that bucket of a balls at Los Robles?
there are so many good movies coming out that I wanna see
If you missed Kenny Anderson, catch the podcast from Monday, get it off our website. Great message of fulfillment through what you give!
If happy ever after did exist. I would still be holding you like this. <3
give him Tylenol to help with the pain.
I need to post a #healthtip havent done that in a while
You said "erected."
haha that's cool
yes ma'am. literally i keep getting distracted and bored. i would rather stare at a wall. but i need to get it done...
lol were just too cool
Wind me up Chuck! Say what? Special shout out to Silver Springs
Literally shaking, how the fuck is it this cold in may?!?!
My cows are all dead now. I wasn't fast enough. I guess it's steak for dinner.
Tea Dance is on at Dance Bethesda right now. Stop by for a few dances. Cost is only $5. Don't forget Salsa is on tonight. See you at 8pm.
Make the beginning and the end memorable so people will read it and remember it!
oh yeah well i'm just really stupid.. HOW BOUT THAT?! ;o uhm i dont know, my dads all confusedededed and said probablyy
I love getting new undies ☺
LOVEYOU and couldn't agree more ❤💙💛
Imma wear the retro north baseball jacket today.
bo, I dont think I can! I have plans most of next weekend. Lauren-- email me details! :)
“LIKE” if you are also counting down the hours until the weekend starts!
I #believe that you will see this, and mabe notice me :)
Like. Two thumbs up
Thanks Kevin! We're very proud!
Had a rough day? Make it a little better w/ our dinner special: stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, & sm drink $7+tax!
Danielle Adams makes a quick impact in here first Silver Stars home game in 7 weeks. Hits 3-pointer her 1st possession.
Young Adult was definitely interesting lol
Lol , i Just got it !
Education doesn't seem to matter to the government any more. We parents need to take control of our kids education.
RT EVERYONE FOLLOW CUZ SAID SO!!!!
likes that milanesa
Allan Houston still got it!
Haha...I've been deep rubbing it with a raquetball and it's KILLING me today. No pain no gain I guess.
RT : "Healthy communities need to pay attention to their histories and look at them with humility" via Bryan Stevenson
How many tutorials are there on Craigslist? They're getting something right.
Ha! Not even close...you? :) RT : All done with your holiday shopping?
where u been G?!
Damn its a beautiful day
RT : What happens after I tell you, “I like you” ?
I stumbled upon your youtube page- thanks for all the great advice. I'm def. trying the twisting method this weekend!
I can't wait to see Zimmerman do this perp walk!!!
okay,I will:) I just don't want it to hurt!!!
It's terrifying how many times I have pushed the "Buy Album" button on iTunes this week
This school year has been something else indeed
Thank you!
RT RIP Rashied Ali. May your exploration of Interstellar Space be eternal-NO!! One of my favs passes. Much love to Rashied.
Isner makes it to the fifth set! This is great tennis but I should go to bed.
My sketchy little dog keeps waking up at 5 am. Need to get this guy on CST. Jerk.
maaanee, my screen cracked..! :(
Pro tip w/ marriage advice. ha! MT : Rule no. 1: Always carry 2 tubes & a packet of glue less patches. Saves a lot of drama!
That means it's cooking!
RG3's star power is much greater than Luck's. Not even close. Luck is a horribly boring & cliche postgame press conference waiting to happen
You should make up a jingle for your emergency contact.
the deadline is the 27th!!
if you feel the need to cry and it makes you feel better, then do you cry? <3
The best types of projects don't have to include really clear cut answers, only a set of strong learning goals in mind.
Bed after Going Bovine and Grand Prix: The Killer Years. Must find happy music/movie to fall asleep to so I don't wake up depressed.
Im so ready to go home and sleep the whole night away.
same here
Bachmann can't go a debate without repeating the same shit over and over and over again.
Thanks for following me!
We're always trying to improve our tools. Please contact us at 800.311.5656 to share feedback on our Lesson Builder tool.
All Girlz are Beautiful
Floyd about to knock this Spanish dude out
Cmon Sark- we aren't playing for a game winning field goal at halftime. You had 3 timeouts SMH
Just might Over Dose on that good shit and IDGAF.
EKS you must not watch TV brother. After 7 games the GOAT is JLIN!
Why isn't taking care of DC's tourist problem?
Bye bye NYC. See you soon.
Love that show too. That that stuff is CRAYYY Z
Betty White is 89 years old..??? wow... we could all be so lucky... Go Betty
When you need a mood boost, what is your favorite feel good Country Music song?
Freddy Mercury never ceases to amaze me.
this is whats up.... I know what its like bro..
Making the simple complicated is commonplace making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity.
Orange Juice > Milk.
Just got duped. Don't believe the signs on hwy 85 in SC claiming there is a off exit 92.
:( Same here... Ohh did u tell shawn about ur redfish
I followed him with the Astros, and it was always SHOCKING when he struck out. It was insane.
Dir Spence thinks community should name the school
Weak call on watson
“: Working on a column for using some of Sam Jones' wonderful walking lines.” Sweet! Always love your insights!
KG was everywhere on that last defensive play. Guarded Holiday, changed Williams' shot and grabbed the rebound. Crazy.
-rim shot-
Is 5 followers from 100!! Please follow him!!
@, I got too cute and subbed out #CoryHart for #AlfonsoSoriano, could cost me the week against you in
You're welcome.
Wise words. It's how you "when". Remember that. RT : Preparation is everything that's how you when in life
who just felt tht EARTHQUAKE!!!
we could've been friend but then u change your mind. Now u change it again. Need to make up your mind.
dont miss the peanut butter cookies, and they're small enough to not feel guilty eating 1 for dessert!
Nice! Sending to editorial team
I thought your second line was going to be "call me maybe."
This the fucking anthem, get it? The FUCKING ANTHEM!
that's funny cuz I'm drinking some right now. Yea that's what I do. It hasn't been helping this time though :/
I wish was flying my plane today. Guess i'll wait till he's my personal pilot on my private jet.
I want a new hair style.
haha common now...
I WOULD get sick the day before I get a Keeper of the Dream award for working with Children. Fever. Sore-Throat. Stupid Nose. :(
ouch. You guys hardly overlap! Any tricks for collaboration w those time difs?
drive home safely
Lol No I'm A Record Everything So People Can Really See I'm About That Life
“ Thanks for holding it dwn today #TeamTaurusRocks #1RMG”| You know it :)
bendy straws make me happy
idk I'm still yawning 💤
You probably thought u had my heart
We call them Dine Arounds in the Special Libraries Assn; good way to meet new people/catch up with old friends
please join the fit challenge! learn all about getting healthy and feeling great
also, I think you should tell sam that I think syrup should be a term of endearment just like sugar, honey and sweet thing.
see #RAW? Never knew was such a
Great advice!
Beautiful hike through Ramona (above clouds) gotta get ready now for -- ClubM has become tradition for Mother's Day :)
RIP Maurice Sendak. Love love loved his books.
Christine O'Donnell on Fox to talk gay marriage. To paraphrase Shep Smith, Fox News is now in the 16th century.
Today I accidentally stabbed myself at work. There was blood. Absent: a meal, the entire day.
Back @ Buster's in Lakeway tonight. Join me on the patio - I'll sing & you can eat great BBQ! 6:30-8:30
Oh hey look, it's a puzzle wrapped in a
On board Carpathia!!!
My TL has been flooded with bday wishes to guess I should get mine in too. Happy Birthday! Lol
Sending "negative" thoughts your way, as it were.
Off to sleep. Goodnight ^_^
I figured it out. Republicans = Abecedarians. Look it up.
House show in the works !! This line up is gonna be sick!
When I am a parent, I'm reading my children to sleep every night with the Harry Potter books, and then we'll watch the movies together.
Good morning! Starting the day #Writing is the best way ;-)
Thank You! -
Both connectivity and VPN have given up on me. Grumbles McComplainy is SIGNING OFF TODAY or until wifi returns
No one should be able to wear converse #GoKillYourSelf 👦🔫
Happy Birthday Mommy! Love you
Heading back home after a long day in pueblo and Colorado springs. Home sweat home :)
I record as well but very little. I never mix what I record.
same here. South park is pretty rad too.lolol
What what? We finally have wifi at Glo! So, after your appointment, troll the internet for a place to go show off your gorgeous self!
wanna tiny chat with me and ???
Had a terrible day at tryouts Hopefully they keep me.....
He literally tried to squash his opponents. But I'm sure you could have guessed that about ! cc:
there's 7 billion people in the world and your going to let one ruin your day? don't.
I read it as Ellayna saying jacob calls her his twin. I was like...is she crazy and thinks she had her appendix out?
You belong with me not swallowed in the sea
what up! How have you been?
Yes, my way can be ick sometimes...well put, !
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend mine just so happens to be <3
Smh sad case
First we'll hear a welcome from Dr. Hudson Freeze, CDG expert, and Sanford-Burnham CEO Dr. John Reed.
go read the new O Magazine. You will be immediately convinced that your life would be perfect if you reorganized your makeup.
Hey, ! Eric Roberts wants to speak with you. Um, put that #wine bottle down, baby.
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!! so sad, wow.
Not all who wander are lost.
The Marlins are pretty terrible
lol yea. lol im posting a picture on ur wall .its funny.
ALEX RUBEN CONSTANCIO!!!!! will u follow me please
Read Tony noms out loud to 22-month-old I nanny: Norm Lewis got an "oh" and EVITA got a massive laugh.
Best way to come back from an MRI conducted amid concerns about a tender elbow? A 40+ pitch first inning. Oh Chris Sale...
Cotto kissing his child on the lips numerous times man he bout to get smacked
What a fantastic way to spend an hour.
i will see you in the consert but from affar :( ... in june 17 .... can u folow?
I am not lying. My love for you is very real and pure. Can't you feel it?
It's crazy how we don't realize what's in store for us in the future and it's all up to us.
if I get one more , Hello this user is posting horrible rumors about you... message.. I will crack !!
watching give some serious direction on
yea he's mad dope
View creative world from people around the world....
Pickup Line: Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
Advil+sunglasses+ginger ail = 😁
How does what work? Adding me to FB or the coupon?
i loveyouu don't cry!
Another 90's thing I remembered today I saved for MONTHS to buy a black and white gameboy I wanted one so bad lol
It's a "you hafta see it" kinda thing. It IS very good.
Might be time to upgrade my text messaging to the Teen Girl Package
Easter candy bought and taste tested. Now time to fill the eggs.
#iusedtothink that finding a job was easy. Not anymore. Even though I have a college degree, I am having a hard time. I'll find one!
manhood tour I'm with you
Pineapple fanta and dat purple shit
daytona was crazy
my ass could never, she's perfection!
i wish u a great time on that day babe
Its a neat thick and a sloppy thick... She was sloppy thick
I hate that feeling when you think your dad is going to punch your boyfriend!!!
so im watching a show where a girl wants to make her vagina puffy and fat
What do you think about my profile picture??? Lets have a vote---
"This time we're not giving up. Let's make it last forever. Screaming hallelujah. We'll make it last forever."
The next issue of Big Takeover Magazine will be released in October 2010. Look for WILDFIRE.
We invoke the democratic potential of the Internet far too often. E.g., do kids REALLY learn what a credit card is if they simply Google it?
depends on the homebrew ace
i have 6 followers.
10 mile hike to The Bridge To Nowhere in the San Gabriels. Tired and happy.
your mother will always be Mrs. Byotch to me! Xoxo
I don't know what the fuck my problem is. The whole bubbie thing unfolded so fast.
thanks so much for following! (: eyes like diamonds is awesome! (: you should totally checkout also xoxo
you ready for this pick? who you think you are taking?
I'm coming there in about three days! Maybe I'll see you and Austin?!
Good Luck with Finals today Huskies!
The sauna; favorite part of the workout 😊
One question! How tough is that to understand?
life is so precious. Thank you for helping Ivy share her days with all of us.
Working on a collab with the old homies !
Nominees for Officer Positions are giving speeches tonight! Please be in prayer for everyone running and for our new officer corps!
Haven't seen much of you lately.
At the Blarney! You should join us--Mondays at 7.
aww I bet that made her day :)
RT : Check out on Dr.Oz talking about
Support your local merchants here in ABQ and artists and musicians as well. Lots of good stuff out there.
Reading Acoustic Rooster @ Barnes and Noble in Reston, VA at 2pm. Come hear some jazz, get some cake, and meet "Ella Finchgerald." YEAH
": I wanna lick #oomf up and down"
we gettin it done tonight?
#nisoEbook LaRue: if libraries help people find ebooks, what would publishers offer in exchange? discounts? Share revenue?
Great suggestions! One can never have enough wonderful role models!
True, but often the most difficult task! RT To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well..
Work now. Play later. Good Morning tweeties
just stop....
Can't embed that on a Wordpress blog I don't believe. I'll email thanks!
yeah, that's good:) do you have school tomorrow?
We are having a bbq at 12 noon tomorrow for pre game fun #superbowl party! BBQ Hot Dogs, Burgers and Chicken $5/8 or 10 with bbq beans
BAHAHAHAHAHA omg stop sun tweeting me ;)
fantastic just being able to say thank you and shake Walter Murch's hand
Eat. Sleep. Love. Work. Hustle. Lift. Scream. Move. Eat. Love.
that was a hell of a match great job on your win lastnite you proved your the real man cant wait to see you on
i THiNK i AM F0LL0WiNG EVERYB0DY BACK!!!
Just put my heart and soul into that message.
I take it back. Curious George is pure clutch. Haha! What a win!
Living and breathing madness.
Anyone want to play wwf? Need someone that will give me a challenge.
: Thanks! Hope you enjoy it!
One of the movies we watched was The Piano. (Slight spoilers ahead for those of you who haven't seen it)
Have an idea for a nee tat tomorrow. But need a placement?
my cat loves cuddling more than anyone i've ever met.
Hard to be mad at the dog for begging while I cook. I did just drop a whole hot dog the other night. His efforts have been justified.
Sit down Soriano
I have my nokia #lumia900 preordered!
I'm hungry :/
Thanks for the twitter love El Paso!!!
has a ridiculous case of ADD today.
here is some optimism.6 months from now when they pic up their retirement pics they'll get yours and give u a call.
even birthday blunts?
Thanks, my friend. And Will do!
": No easy way saying bye #flysolo"
Living Out My Dream Like it Or Not
Big tall built super delish sweds next to me in the car <<<
Thank you guys so much! Aaron and Alicia have been getting votes for contest.
Is your company needing room to grow & hire more people? Ask us how a move to Pasco could get your biz $3k - $5k per employee.
#mortons with the mrs #flemings much better
I swear it's not me? Ok. Please like I said just block him/her.
What's better than driving a uhaul down Hollywood blvd???
if you like ugly meter wait till ScanMan arrives :) december!! Will be awesome!!
Thanks for the brunch mention!
Saw another company boasting a $1200 discount on a new air conditioner. Don't get ripped off - our price is lower, guaranteed.
your right, you scared me for a sec
where did you get the tofu scramble??
bhahahaha I ALMOST said tea! Neat.
"All I buy is beer, liquor, and vegetables..." my roommate
Damn good ass night all the hispanics (no racial) people buyin me drinks cause they think I'm dominican. And black
- twit validation complete :) follow me back.
Once again I am falling behind on my tweeting. Apologies friends.
I know right! Looking hotter as he is getting older. :) I'm looking forward to Hawkeye. I think it's just the archery ;)
Lol every tyme I listen to dance for u by b I think bout that lapdance I gave oomf
Tom Brady. And my heart just stopped. Call 9-1-1.
finnaa' take ah shower && put some clothes on
Nice to see you again,
Welcome to the team Meghan Gatewood and Erica Good!!!
i love my Stink,on everything !!!!
quote to live by: Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
Lucky you! Noodles and peanuts...makes sense. (Not that my kids would try it. Sigh.)
Its #TacoTues soo I think you know where i'm goin with this! GIVE ME TACOS!
you and me both!
Omg why me...
all i want for christmas is you :) <3
Only thing that motivates me too work is looking at that stack I got in the kitchen..
Sunday night movie with the beezys, Project X
Audition today for a day time Soap.. wish me luck=]
Did my first dance #FlashMob tonight in Hollywood...so fun!!!
"I got a new laptop! Now, how do I use it?"
GOOD FATHER is also another good one I read pretty quickly. It's the parent in me.
Once the outage has been resolved we can certainly schedule your account to be migrated from our EC to WC datacenter. ^CH
See if I can get a new one started...clearing throat... #WorstPickupLinesEver too long? "Hey baby, what's your sign?"
- between those guys and Ruby Developers, it's like trying to find a good movie with Ryan Reynolds in it.
How come I always work on niice days! 😡☀
Details of the 'Make Work Pay' credit, a major element in the recovery proposal, may slow the process of getting money into workers' pockets
: Fill-in Friday: My favorite wacky food combination is Peanut Butter and Bacon. Addictive!
Damn I want to be home! Almost there!!!
thanks!!! u r so cool
tell her i probs cant do tomorrow because i will be at my dads just tel i said please i am begging her :(
thanks :-).... see you tonight!
Heading home to catch the inaugural speech!
What's up? :D
That intro flowed better then I expected it would. I surprise the hell out of myself when I write sometimes.
didn't say eye was that good. Eyem that good with OREGON. If YOU so good. Get off my team then. Play me for them!
From this day forward...after crap like that...you will be known as...CHOWN FIGGINZ.
everyone left me on skype
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. - James Dean
About to start book 2 of a Song of Ice & Fire. I'm so behind. Enjoy A Dance with Dragons, people!
what are you running into?
im glad u feelin better my cousin kevin is gettin better day by day
In the last week I have watched #Drive #SafeHouse & #riseoftheplaenetoftheapes. All massive wastes of time. I feel like such a pussy.
Oh I am SO telling Cins about this! Thanks for edumacatin' me! :D
awww yay I'm so glad you guys like them!!!!:)
Crossing fingers that the contractors will actually be at my house when I take my lunch.
Social Media Goes Corporate: HootSuite Launches Hardcore Tools for Serious Business Users
It's never too early to set your DVR. I'll be on the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Friday, January 7th.
I confess-I'm a non closeted prime time hospital drama fan. Started w/St Elsewhere, on to ER, now Greys.
ill miss you too.
Knew you were a Wahoo but didn't know you were a lax fan. Scoring major points in my book. Hope you had fun in the good land.
u rocking your funny hoodie and aviator shades
awesome. Expecting pics when you reopen it!
OH on : "liberal arts students often double major: one for their parents and the other for themselves"
Man do I want a job this summer 😞
True elegance is for me the manifestation of an independent mind.
Excuse me, I'm dead. ;)
Phase II Album Made my heart Melt <3 PURCHASE it If you dont have it already , Best Bachata Album Yet... :D
no clue
fun music
even though thats not the case this time
man i'm so hurt right now... like people don't understand WORDS COMMUNICATION TALKING GOES A LONG WAY
Yes I like white boys and what!!
Pretty excited about my decision to take up fishing. Know any place I can rent gear? Don't want to buy a pole & turn out to suck at fishing.
Don't want to play with toys
Trying my new Guide5 this morning on a 5-miler #marathon training.
You're so sexy you could be a Victoria's Secret model. Or, like, a super sexy construction worker, depending on your skill set.
I'm here and ready for some #Bachelorette. We are in this together!
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Seems like there is so much to "catch-up" on that it really seems pointless.
Even worse.
Hahaha bitch me ! Fuck you stupid!
Hard at work on the IABC Heritage Region Conference...
#ff and our awesome street teamers!
Yea, and I'm sure you'll be able to have time with here soon. Sounds cool though.
Hurry please hahah
Oh, we were focusing on some recent news from SRE in this issue, but yes, Shane's CD is great!
will be there! We're going to have a "pop up" restaurant serving wraps, coffee drinks, vegan cookies & more! :-)
Warning!!! Do not open any direct message links from me. I've been hacked :( fixing problem
": Lucky Phelps. First start will be in KC Thursday." How you feeling now? XD!
Thursday Wind Down tonight... Joseph James Brewery! 5-7 in the lounge $25. Come sample brews & enjoy tasty snacks!!!
oh I gotcha cuz tht makes so much more sense... I do tht all the time!
Your a selfish brat.
When will you be giving time to the opposite view of that Tratior Bradley Manning. My friends die, and he spies. Hang him!
so what your saying is that you would rather date a Bears fan than a Packers fan? ;)
Notice this ordinary girl today? Not much to notice be still notice me?
Wishing you a swell Saturday in the Sunshine State!
“ We're also sorry you're not here. Been learning a lot and having a great time -- venue is nice, people are great
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – The Chemical Brothers – Song To The Siren (Hybrid Heights BTLG Remix)
So my cat, Ralphie watched Youtube all night Tweeky birds and squirrels He promised he'd watch Bridezillas with me Now we're not speaking.
man...at least not the really short ones! lol
Happy NEW YEAR- U-Rock have a happy New Year- be kind and help your fellow man kind let's make 2012 RAWK and may U laugh a lot!
hey what r u people during bored so message me or something
looking forward to seeing it the next time I am in Vegas :)
Today filled with sharing #Bb_Community programs with #Blackboard Upgrade Cohort participants. Want to join the BIE? www.blackboard.com/bie
I'm so tired of being thirsty smh.. N I don't drink soda no more so my nerves Messed up..
Was just the recipient of the biggest brush-off email ever. It's good to know our elected leaders care so much about the little guys.
Springtime means that we're looking for empty storefronts and eager artists again. Know anyone who might be interested?
Music has been my mother...
Your hair is so short, your so skinny, your so pale, your so flat, your so this, your so that. #STOP #F***OFF
Ugh. #Brewers, please show up at Miller Park.
MUST★★Follow to
ya gotta have some #undies pics to share!
ok lol and Chenoa's gonna be pissed at me this summer Lol
Chick-fil-a just looks so beautiful. Too excited? Fukkk no
If you screw with me too much Franklin, I know there is someone above your head, and as a fury I will find them and we will join forces and
It's the last week of women's history month! Who are some of the most inspirational African American women? We'd like to feature them.
Black person: living in hood with Rover. White person: suburbs with 94 buick.
great game. Now coach your best player I Bitsy.
is now following you on twitter
btw u are NOT a prostitute.
So what are your thoughts of the Ufc on fox last night? Both the fights and the presentation? What do you think it means for #mma ?
This RT 100% of newly enrolled freshmen are left-handed.
i Luhv You Too BITCH
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
most defiantly 😜
text me :)
towat who sats that ?? J is twisted
Austin I love you you look sexy without brakes are the best I love you! ♥ (:
Froggy G isn't just the best character in Awesomenauts, he is the only one. Awesomenauts is a race between two Froggy Gs.
is Executive Libertarian Mercenary for hire.
thank you so much and well done and ; you're the best
2011- I'm sexy and I know it. 1836- I'm physically attractive and I'm aware of this statement.
Good, take out Hart, because he's been the liability.
I hate looking for a job almost as much as I hate not having a job almost as much as I hate working fuck this is complicated lol
twitter is better anyways ! I'm like addicted now haha
Had breakfast with Joice Taylor and planning for the youth and the King Run August 5th. Thank you Kat Capps for support. Cynthia
I'm gonna merd
Mr #Swaggy i just put you over 1,000 followers
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the code tweet and get a $5. discount! Good until midnight tonight! monumentalmarathon.com
Amare for godsakes seal up that lane you see Lebron coming thru jesus christ!
This show, is addicting
Change requires an adjustment of our current self. We just got used to where we were, but God is saying, "MORE."
Please join me & welcome my sister to Twitter: Marty Burns, Baltimore's Crisis Communications Expert. You can follow her
don't stand right behind them!
no respect... *blocks*
pretty much amazing! But I'm not surprised!! Btw why is chuck the most photogenic person ever?! Haha
Got to be careful who I send a text to right now
Joining the masses on Twitter! I'm interested in seeing if all the Google vs. Twitter gossip is anything more than just hype. Tweet Tweet!
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Well if it's only got one man in it, it's going to be boring. Equal-opportunity, of course. But boring.
Love my uncle Tony
wait...you're a jew?!?! I have to re-think so many things right now.
really though.... he was a genius! The vocal arrangements he came up with are INSANE...
Wheres all the marines!
who was he on the phone with?
Fried chicken dredged in paprika and cayenne flour, sprussel brouts (hee hee) in butter and Canadian (grade B) amber syrup and Basmati rice!
I have all this homework I didn't do. WEEEEH.
Looking for ways to motivate "temp" hires in new hire training. I had a sleeper last week...have never had that happen before!
Everytime one sinks they are that much closer to thankfully be swimming RT : "Before you swim you gotta be okay to sink!"
Rickie Fowler delivers a clutch shot and wins at Quail Hollow for 1st PGA Tour win - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Go Green, Go White. Instant Classic finish.
Never forget!
haha I'm almost @ school tho. Where u from?
What is your "money measurement" for your digital museum content? How about # of re-uses?
Don't forget ur raffle ticket! $50 for 2 round trip tickets to destinations. Look for sellers w/ the flashing rings!
yea. Should be able to
Yes. I think they're building good reputations for quality reporting, seems less durable than the NYTimes (post-Iraq war drumbeat)
:: and face off in "What's Hot" on Live Topics: Lesbians and Cub Scouts/Foul Ball Fracas/Pick up lessons.
yep :P
Not too sure, just mid-March- I'll keep you posted!
Kevin Johnson UCLA spkr (1) Don't stay on sidelines; (2) Stick to convictions, but abandon assumptions; (3) Dogs don't bark at parked cars.
#BillytheExterminator is back at it.
I have 2 questions. Exactly how old are you? And will you sing me a song? (:
Jared Weaver tossing a no hitter for the Angels....heading to the 7th..GO JARED
the 47th Ward Council will make its debut October 27th!
Hello libchatters! I'm Antonio, a Reference Librarian at a Medical Library in NYC.
will do bro!
Be careful of doctors. Those people will kill you.
We ♥ 's New Mixtape!
Hi Jennifer and good point. Nextdoor works to increase the real world interactions with your neighbors, not to replace them.
Hooray! I'll contact you when I'm around and about town! :)
Nice seeing u last night!! Bona(fide) I'll have to get ur autograph anotha time--u were caught up in a luv fest :)
Waiting for bwaby bwoo to get off work. 11 hours I wish I could've worked for you :(
I am impressed with the tackling of the 49ers. They tend to bring down the runner with the initial contact.
Your opinion is so irrelevant.
aw. bitch suck my dick
You Don't Own No Cattle
Claudias crazy tonight.
I swear me & my mom see the craziest shits when we're together xD
tomorrow's friday that's a good day
Pepper spay? Really? Did he hate the service that much?
it would be awesome if followed me o.o
well i like alejandro
. wants a creative local to curate a monthly art exhibit in their entryway! Email for details.
2 questions: 1)Do you think that the Pack will go 16-0? 2) Are you afraid that they might choke in the playoffs like New England did?
Ouch on Giroux. You cut me, DGB, you cut me real deep. ;)
Happy birthday man
C'mon Bucks this is Cincinnata
u must be super proud of your son! I know his fans are! Happy 18th Birthingday to you! & Happy 18th Birthday 2 u !
Morning Dolls. We're only a few days away from March. Are you still focus on your goals? Dont give up, keep moving forward. Be Greater!
Will be at The Cup in Wantagh tonight from 6-10! See all you cool kids there.
There is nothing good on the internet today.
Hey everyone! DM if you'd like to be part of her plan! Sounds cool!! :D
way to be!
Why am I like invisible.?
shadows on powerppt slides is physically painful. shadows on buttons, well...
Heading to for a rooftop party- please don't rain!!
Is Abby Wambach better than more than half of the guys who.will be trying out for the Rhinos?
haha I just realized you changed the hashtag ;)
I can't believe the Revs gave up a three goal lead. Thanks for the support from the west coast. I'll take a SAMs ADAMS
it just pisses me off when gov wastes my money
Congrats on the child. My wife is also expecting (due 1st week of June) and like Kristen, she's also a nurse.
Who should we pick for our next Dance Group of the Week? Let us know!
Deja Vu, been down this road before, something like it👍
I wonder if people take a million photos of themselves, in order to find a version they like. Or maybe they like all the versions?
I had no idea that St Petersburg was gonna be that pretty :O its gorgeous!
Twins are AMAZING and you two will never laugh or cry quite as hard. Congrats!
Painting objects is tons more easiery than painting subjects.
More like a Humhuman
a little Basie to start the day.
Thanks for the RT! Talk to you soon!
Again I woke up to clean my dog's vomit. Proverbs 26:11
How was your food? Thanks for giving us a try!
The new site looks great! I'm especially excited for your Breakfast at Tiffany's cooking class :)
Just an hour or so left to grab ONE DOLLA burgers tonight. Buy any app, side or beverage and get a burger for a buck.
YES!!! I'm on my way to Kelly's now so text me when you're heading over :)
We're pretty excited to show off our museums! Hope to see you there. Thanks for the follow!
still go to the same school?
when doesn't even know I exist :/
u not ready Fo me Eric when I get back Sunday to sa its on lol ha okc boieeeee
Your someone nobody can replace.
Will you guys be doing a review for HP 7.2?
I need some gatorade.
hhahahha! it could have worked!
looks like some spammer is having fun w/ our acct. we are not saying terrible things about you OR promoting anysort of weight loss company.
I think we have a new job. I hope so! We need it.
Dude, make up your fucking mind already. I'm a girl, not an ego boost.
i agree!
Why limit it to the weekend?
no how would dm it to me
yeah, you! *ding*
What is it about rain that ups the ante on insanity of DC metro area drivers?
who's directing btw?
yeah can't help you with the weather, but there's no smog and the mass transit is much better. could use a few in n' outs though
i was a fan, but now i'm not. I've stood by incontrol since bw.
S/o to Thanks for the support. Now following.
Bring it. We have the rings/cups/pennants to back it up! #RANGERSRULE!!! GO #NY!!
Trust me, we need these dolls a lot. They may not last a year.
Those annoying neighbors who mow their lawns really early in the morning. Fuck you.
So pissed right now but atleast I'm done with that fucker's class
I wish I was either making the same $$$ as a MUA as I am at the day job or that my day job made me as happy as being a MUA.
My friends say not... Can we come early? :)
Shot Clock again for Panthers. 2:20 to go. #Butler basketball down 46-45
Our very own has been nominated for Advertising Agency Executive of the year!! Please vote for him by submitting his name...
omg Rahim u kno da brat i luv u even more yall should do a song together!
I think it might be. Waiting for Bernanke to start using it while talking to Congress. Then I know its catching on.
oh who knows they're stupid
It's a BIG weekend in #miami. #SEOpen, #Ultra, #WMC, #Odysseo, #miamifashionweek - what will you be doing?
can you please send me the address because I can't read all the numbers in the video! Please please I really want the 8x10!
you don't have to be so negative
#Coachella - are you there yet??? Sick with jealousy :-)!
I love it when a meeting I'm running gets hijacked by my boss talking about her love for Pee-Wee Herman. Really. I do.
I'll be in just after lunch today. Going to be awesome.
Got to finish this line up. Got to do ny session 10hrs at a time! Busy women I Am! Let's get it!
A person true colors will always show within time. You may be fooled for the moment, but be patient and see what happens
Ended the workday on a C# .NET project. Should probably write some jQuery to get the taste out of my brain
Hear my war cry #bikinisummer and tremble! Ready?
With three wives and counting, do you think Gingrich is trying to steal some of the Mormon votes from Romney?
1 Peter 3:12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous,and his ears are open to their prayer...
Now that it's raining more than ever know that we'll still have eachother you can stand under my umbrella #Rihanna <3
Positive outcomes come from positive people with positive thoughts - keep your mind clear & on the road ahead because only you can fail you.
Damn bro you drive a toyota celica? You must be the coolest motherfucker at your school.
I didn't know you guys read this, have to be more careful about posting. Lol
Make, "jerks," singular...Catholic League is ONE pathetic man pretending to speak for millions.
Music Isnt Jst Heard But Felt
I with I had fairy god parents
you're a legend. I love your dad. Gosh, I'm jelly. You're everything like him. I love your music, you never disappoint <3
Finally, a day off! I think I'll take a bubble bath, wheeeeeee!
sometimes I get caught up in it I dont realize I have texts till something distracts me and I finally notice the notification
Couldn't have said it better myself. RT Having #style means knowing yourself and what works best for you.
Loving my moms home cooking right now
when do you guys start?
oh you aren't kidding!!! I've never seen a more cowardice group of people in my life!
We got a badass over there lol.
people who have a considerable amount of followers because they're following 1300 people who "follow back"
Foo Fighters in St. Louis. Easily the best concert i have ever been to!
Out looking for his mind. RT : Where's Theron?
For the 1st time ever, both the ALCS+NLCS ended on called 3rd strikes. Way to go Arod and Ryan Howard.
alas, truer words have never been tweeted.
promo 30x each other?
TAVEY SOSA HAIR SALON IS NOW TAVIBABESALON
So far every single crew is doing REALLY REALLY GREAT!!
So far, most talks at #health2con about creating profitable companies, not fixing healthcare or helping patients.
= #winning tonight
its a few fam lol #oneofmyfollowers came out of nowhere with it smh
When the sprite from a drive thru taste like tap water<<<<
Spent a year with no head, I felt fine.
I would like to be like the ladies on the Terrace holding their Book Club Meeting here.
Does anyone do Flash work anymore? Need someone for an interactive Flash map/possible DB back-end. Message me if u do this or know someone.
that is the best part - middle finger that is
could not hold back the tears.
time to relax
Wade 5 points....Uh oh.. someone got some splainin to do and it ain't Lucy :-/Ricky Ricardo voice...lmao
omg thanks maybe Erika can go too. And did u get my last tweet?
Disagree, actually.
May be a little late, but cannot WAIT for #JohnMayer's new album releasing 5/22/. Been jamming out to all his songs in the car lately
we made a mess of what use to be love
RT : I installed OneNote 2007 on it and plan to use it like a writer's notebook and to take notes during lectures. I <B m ...
is that #PMP app for the iPhone or android and what the app name for searching purposes?
After witnessing a homeless man take his pants off on the 23rd st subway platform, my 20/20 vision is destroyed. I now need lasik
"Birth" of a News Conference. Barak Obama gets "Trumped." US President undergoes labor pains to produce long form Hawaii birth certificate.
the healing power of tim tams! Thx!
makes me content, happy. and complete
A pre-#Insanity workout? Or something to eat prior to #Insanity? What are you looking for?
Thanks for following everyone!!!!! school was so good especially the part when we were let out early. attending Geneva College
:: Following a shooting on Milwaukee's south side involving a U.S. Marshal . Bus service disrupted, too. Details on Live on
that it is.. But you shouldn't make it the top priority in your life.
Interesting that McLean Cty Museum plans to have smartboards in 2 galleries. Presentations w groups/docents, slideshow otherwise
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from Pretty Please!
Haha sick from me. I drank your water!
that was a test to see who would get the Pretty in Pink reference. Sigh.
At Mazza gallery looking for that perfect wedding gift
yea they're not my strongest thing to do especially studying I didn't get to study since I was up till 3 on the day before.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
At Bruins and the Budget, students will be able to ask administrators q's re: budget, finance, state funding. cc (2 of 2).
Dancing With The Stars tomorrow! Excited to see Carrie Underwood perform live :)
lol no i dnt bakia i be juss saying hey n maybe a have a lil convo lbs
Nate need to go to sleep, so I can go to McDonald's
don't be hatin' on Justin Bieber just cause he got to hold Mayweathers belts and got to stand by him.
I am looking for people to either review my blog or guest post on my blog. Are you interested?
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<32
Innovation & entrepreneurship are needed in society as much as the economy, in public service institutions as much as in business - Drucker
It's definitely a coffee kind of Monday
Thanks for the RTs, comments and mentions this week
High five!! ✋✋RT : have to go #Lakers since my #Knicks are out and I can't stand #Celtics #76ERS or
planning a trip!!
Guess I won't b making my goal tonight cuz I'm getting sleepy:-/ I hate this new work schedule...night!
For people that have my number- don't text me for the weekend. I turned off my phone cause I'm really upset and yeah. Tweet me instead :)
Great, thank you. We'll check it out!
it blows. i have also noticed that facebook is slow because there are less people working.
If you don't get lost, there's a chance you may never be found.
Happy May Day!
Would love to get your advice/guidance sometime soon, in person if you have time! Probably late May/early June. I'll let you know.
The E-trade baby turned 5!
Of course the black guy dies first..
Thank you for #Following Happy Easter!
Just realized I'm staying in the same hotel as this/ next month. Well that will be an adventure.
M... Coffee
Sorry to hear that you will be spending Easter in the hospital. Hugs to you and the boys. Hope you have a speedy recovery.
and they couldn't come any faster damn it!
The announcer: "Penetration will knock them out, look at the ball location and brings it in." Football = porn? Hm. Suspicious.
1/2 off selected Soy Candles in store only. New scents coming in one week. 203 B Wellesley Dr SE 268-SOAP(7627)
Nas so underrated
Next time. It was a beautiful morning.
I'm guessin you an OKC fan huh
folks at #blend12 can't stop talking about you St. Francis folks! Thanks for coming out!
tried to recruit you a few years back..recognized your name right away, where did you end up after Broome?
haha we got invited the semi-finals! thanks mom!
Yes you do all that stuff , but you know an I know an Jeff knows you can't kick my ass hahaha
Follow me Please (; .
Sid Ceaser~ A great NOW will be a great WA,; a bad NOW will always be a bad WAS, and all you can hope for is a Great GONNA BE
Thanks! We'll send you some more information!
no doubt!! Just need 6 mph more to reach Bill Elliott's record ...
yeah... i'll be there
we'll have the cold beers waiting for you
Every 10 weeks or so. We took a little break this year, so this was our first one, but watch for the next in about 10 wks!
That was fun(:
Thanks for the heads-up. Unfortunately, I don't have a multi-region BD player or one that can easily be unlocked.
people are so immature these days...
My dad's watching avatar. I'm in the other room and the sounds are crazy. I doesn't sound appealing. Ha.
10 pages and 2300 words later, the paper is submitted.
Kate Turner Country Singer performing now on NWSports Tonight
This is a day late, but we did 130 mi. in two foggy days through Pelican Rapids to Fargo. Today 73 mi. to Hope, ND. We have the wind. Really
I don't know if iIm flying, or falling
ok got it now, thx
Not at all.
RT : The addition of Alex Oriakhi to #Mizzou makes the Tigers a legit Top 20 team
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 32
OH EM GEEZE GUYS!!!!! IS FOLLOWING ME IM YELLING!!!!!!!!! #wuuut?
muchos underwear! and a bonita of course
Lord Jesus I Love You Very Very Very Much! ((Rom. 8:28) [Rom. 10:12b "...and rich to all who call upon Him..."]
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)
hi! if you follow me I will DM you. thank you.
Follow 4 Follow?
Then I guess we'll see you next year ;-)
New Definition for Socialist: Anybody's political agenda that differs from your views.
I randomly walk up to the fridge, open it, look, then walk away call it what u wanna ima call it real nigga shit
why have identities if users can't log nto same acct @ same time? Used 2 be able 2 use 1 acct but diff ids w my kinder kids :(
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
SWAG! SWAG! SWAG! On you!
So how's that book goin?
It was one year ago today that i quit smoking cigarettes. Wish i had never started but so thankful i was finally able to kick the habit.
Dear cupid, the next time you decide to shoot me with your fucking arrow, shoot him too.
- good morning & tell Tezzo be cooly on his body & G safe my G
Fact or Fiction? There's so much information about plastic surgery these days on television and in the magazines that who's to know? Dr. Buc
I'm a plump, round girl in a barbie world. Gotta slim down, & fit into my night gown. Come on cutie, let's get skinny! Move that jelly!
Ready for chruch today :)
so, I see you on a train ages ago and that's all I get? You forget I know all you dirty secrets. ;)
For hope is but the dream of those that wake.
follow me ¡¡¡ please
I agree!! RT : How bout next yr, ZERO giveaway promotions for Phils games? Why give them your team's trinkets?
“: Hot start by to take a 30-20 lead after 1 on TNT! Ty Lawson's already got 15! Kobe with 10 for LA. #NBAPlayoffs”💛🏀💙
you guys are so sweet!(:
Jen and Jay's wedding today ! (:
Stayed up way past my bedtime to see the midnight opening of #Avengers! If you went, how'd it go for you?
Taking care of home is VITAL
"Assume that every driver will run a red light..." That is a good driving philosophy to have no matter where you drive.
I can put 9 in ur mouth and fix that homo.
I bleed blue ... But Pitino, ... never let's a team quit no matter the odds. Still love that guy.
Crazy thunder and lightning here! I'm gonna head up to the roof to hold up a 9-iron—who's in??
#msu better win and I want #Wisconsin to pull of that #upset also
more Yoga Illustrations
off course :) just text me whenever you want and I got you!
great! let me know when. the bar...err..door is always open here.
So when will the countdown clock actually be counting down?
And you say my tweets are weird.....
At terrible as i feel workaholics is making me feel a bit better
I am taking a course in fiscal & financial management in higher ed & at this point, I need a separate course on acronyms!
RT : Even when the pain is great, the goodness in your life is greater.
I'm going to go counter to the trend and not watch it.
Eating Your Way Through Finals | Kosher Recipes – Joy of Kosher ...
. has announced their headliners & 15 city tour. Are you going?!
how long u back?
I kept forgetting to tell you: Been dreaming about db and development for days now. :) have a killer day!
George W, Nolan Ryan, & I (along with a stadium full of Rangers fans) just set a World Record for most people wearing sunglasses in the dark
Let's see what Abbotsford is all Abbot!
A smile happens in a flash, but its memory can last a lifetime.
“: ill do damn near anything to help out a friend”
Welcome the newest member of the Gameday tweet club.
Happy Valentine's Day to all of of wonderful fans!
The VA loan program can make it much easier for veteran to secure a home than with other loan solutions.
“: your in the dirty south?”<Yep I'm in the south that's dirty!!!
There is a couple doing some next level tongue slurpin' in this bar right now.
Headed back to Nashville to finish the record! Can't wait for everyone to hear it!
didn't get your text!
THANKS!! “: Just bought "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" from Amazon. Awesomeness!”
I can't do this OR can I ???
Thanks for the mention. The whole team is thrilled to have Shauna join. Many exciting things on the horizon.
": Word to and " << Already! Website grind!
Jelousy wont get you anywhere , after all your only making yourself look bad.
Seems like a pretty rad person to hang with. Lolol
haha!! :) glad to hear that :P I'd loved school around this time, everyone is laid back and fun.
it's cool. I'll be doing HW in the computer lab 'til then. Lemme know.
and then the crazy man said, with great sincerity, "thank you, thank you mister librarian."
awks moment when idk what that says cause I don't have an iphone..
When you blame and criticize others, you are avoiding some truth about yourself. - Deepak Chopra
Have you ever wondered what happens to your mail when you're done with it? #AdvancedMailingServices offers a variety of safe mailing svcs.
Uh-Oh!!!! Just got the motivation for another song!! Tee-hee-hee!! This one is going to be fun
The end result shouldn't just be in OUR mind, it also needs to be in THEIR minds. Via
Thor Rocked! I was pleasantly surprised by how well it was done. Kenneth Branaugh really created a rad film.
At with
lol hey shush she's my girlfriend
Played kickball with kids at mother-in-law's house during Easter weekend...hamstrings are killin' me now. Not used to running!
"I find the greatest thing in this world, not so much where we stand...we must sail,...not live at anchor". Oliver Wendell
Looking forward to seeing you this weekend.
Just watched live on - great job guys! Looking forward to next Tuesday
omg, thanks for reminding me! Lmao :P
just recommended you!
Nonstop morning.
thanks for the retweet
right I was thinking that. The problem is that I want to define these people's activities not just directly from the webinar.
Being a male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, but being a gentlemen is a matter of choice.
Thanks for the like on Facebook!!
You guys r the best. They edited out the part about how MB is the friendliest of all interview spots I've done! Boo.
That's the only show I watched when I was little!!
Fucking Twitter and their 140 characters...
back in Philly.
Me and r gonna go to a satanist cult for the fuck of it one day
thank you!
See you again? You mind putting the # in my phone? It's so hard to type with this drink in my hand
Are any Paralegals using Pinterest for branding or networking?
Why was the moth so unpopular ?He kept picking holes in everything !
ESPN NFL - Bucs involved in talks with Oregon coach Chip Kelly about head coaching job, sources report
I'm so mad at this
watching #TheGodFather ~ Al Pacino played his part very well. 2 thumbs up! :)
Hey cool person! Whats up?
On the road to Cincinnati to see my Reds play! Running on 4 hours of sleep, we'll see how this goes...
no... I tried but they're all unavailable. And you have to update billing stuff that confused me.
Huh? Which one? I miss that beast like CRAZY.
Okay... so maybe this Computing stuff isn't too hard. I feel smart being able to debug and decode programs and macros. :D
one more month until the album really looking forward to the album it's been a while since I've heard some good old Juggy D.
Happy mothers day from Downtown LA Law.
on the way to class bumpin more about nothing. the guy somehow incorporated the best tv ever in the tape. cant wait for
Nerissa Myers steals home to put the Cajuns on the board first. ULL leads WKU 1-0 in the bottom of the first.
Shivers BBQ = the best <3
just booked a new film huge! And getting shredded for party in
Always! And you? Doing a decent amount of traveling, but...not too bad. ICON was good. What's going on with you?
lol nah, he just moves that way, actually more like he's 92
Off this week trying to catch up on all the household chores i have put off
#JohnnyDepp stars in #TimBurton's #DarkShadows – in theaters this wknd! Text DARK & your ZIP CODE to at 43549 for local showtimes.
When you walk outside in shorts to go to the gym and it's only 44 degrees <<<
Its like that when you're hella famous like you are.
RT : We are performing "The Only Place" on Letterman tonight 11:30PM on CBS! Tune in!
Sippin' Italian soda straight from the bottle! #HighLivin'
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
The feminine one who cried over his dead cat?
I would, except the code4lib wiki isn't letting me register :-)
I now require 4 pillows or the equivalent to sleep.
only camel boots are riding boots. Have camel mary janes and nude pumps.
The event team has me convinced that the studio is haunted. Great. First the evil doll they've tortured me with, now flippin' ghosts.
Phoenix! We're hurtling towards you at high velocity in a big green ball of steel inertia!
I have a love/hate relationship with how easy the internet and #Apps have made buying stuff online.
Gaustad and a 4th for Nashville's 1st. Buffalo makes the best deal of the day and now has 2 1sts and 2 2nds.
Thanks! Watching now!
Imagine that you're always surrounded by Divine Loving Light. It infuses your thoughts, feelings, words & actions with Pure Love & So.it is!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!
Thanks for having someone call me so quickly. I'll be updating my (already positive) blog post w further compliments for TWC.
Can't figure out how my legs got covered in bug bites. SO itchy!!!!
My heart and mind r so different it sucks
Caller says a guy got busted driving while naked and making knuckle children down 390 yesterday at 11am.
i did absolutely nothing this whole break, yet i still feel quite accomplished.
Decided I want breasts this year. Tired of waiting.
He makes me smile :) <3
Robert J. Collier~ Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out...
Carson, Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it. -- W. Somerset Maugham.
Yes we are! RT : Thanks for the follow. Word on the street is you're coming to the BIG CITY
The return of the Wurst-Burger.
sadly no :( but we wouldn't have without you anyway :)
Sounds like u r going to have a fun night >>: (Literally) dusting off my heels for the Asheville Music Video Awards party ;)
I got dibble on. Harry 💜 😍
Working on a Sunday: There's a dog here (returning books?) with its owner, and an old man jamming to Rihanna.
it's all good (;
Haha. Tell your wife hi for me and hope to see her at more Minn. events :)
Excited to be @ SF Pitch 2011 event today! If you're going to be there ping us :)
Have you seen the tables? Is that a fact?
Can we get a replay of that Denis Phipps catch? Helluva play.
I'm feeling pretty good about how i've started my business. #smcash has been confirmation for me i'm right on track.
money makin mike? is that the other kid...
I f'ing love Shelby on #AxMen. He needs to have a show of his own!!!! Theyd make millions!! Lmao!!! :-)
So what happened to KONY 2012? I thought people were so "committed"........
How Im feelin right now <<<<<<<
I need to get my lazy a** up
For dinner: ROASTED BUTTERNUT SQUASH RAVIOLI, apple wood bacon, sage, crumbled goat cheese, roasted butternut squash, candied pecans
And we look forward to it!
She crushes on every smart comic. It's sorta creepy. Esp considering they're in SEPARATE ROOMS. Weird.
I wish I was where at....gettin moneyy!!!
Grizz survives late Ciippers surge to advance to gm 6!
Getting ready to march in the pride parade. Looks like a beautiful day!
Workin with pen and ink today in 2D art
Even feeling like shit somehow managed to hit the gym with Max and even suprise Amber at work too
Facebook credo: Move fast and break things.
Finally made it back in Ann Arbor. Now to attack the 10" of snow in my driveway.
#WhatMakeGirlsHappy tickets to meet or <33
Cutters, Wing It Cycling take final practice race before Little 500 - Indiana Daily Student
BONER JAM
Oh that was Drew! He screamed and scared us all!
God bless the broken road that led me staright to you!
(Robert Half) Asking the right questions takes as much skill as giving the right answers.
Do not manage the rate of failure manage the cost of failure
Friday cant qet here any faster.!
For me, they are fun and exciting to look at when on your shelf like any art.
I just heard this, "Damn it's wetter outside than the last bitch I fucked." What a prick -.-
Not proud to claim #NC as my home state tonight; what a sad comment on human rights & equality you made. Good night and good luck.
SO HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO SHARE THIS OPPORTUNITY WITH MY PEPS
Precisely the reason why I try not to get attached to any one pair of tights. They will all meet their hole-y fate eventually.
so awesome!
So the newslincolncounty website has if KFBR, I saw KRFB and KFRB on facebook. Which is it? What call letters did the FCC asign
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution. ~ Kahlil Gibran ~
Overheard: Men discussing "unimproved land" and "timber." Also known as "nature" and "trees."
The simple truth will always prevail over a complicated lie.
We go threw hell In get threw paradise
Where do you find it?
Dream BIGGER...it can happen for you.
If you're coming out to the 7P show today, we suggest you allow for an extra 30 minutes of travel/parking due to streets being blocked off.
Someone Like You! :D
The incident makes for a fun story. Although going through it was sub-optimal.
Grey's Anatomy finale.. why are the characters explaining what happened and not just showing? Do they think we are dumb?
don't worry Rachel and I only have to leave you one more time anyway haha
well at least you've got a workaround. The reports I've heard seem so sporadic that's it's hard to pinpoint the cause.
I am disappointed; my crush is taken.
Of couse they don't. Especially when the "california roll" comes from Kroger.
BTW, check Google and News results for "short sales" and "strategic default." is owning. Will send report + pics tomorrow
you don't have to thank me honey
I am a live in nanny mon - thursday for an 8 year old boy! When I go home I leave silly little notes for him all over the house!
I ask what he's going to do whit the success. His Response: "Fuck Hoes".
Everybody be calling Jordan 'Jo' these days.
RT : I love the SyFy channel! #IAmNerd don't judge me! LOL
Do you want to work with your therapy animal at hospitals, seniors homes and hospice centres? Contact us today for details.
We can't make U be ready. We can't make U put your hear into your voice box and push fire into the mic. Somebody better though
RT A bold and powerful realization for us writers! Then we just help them write their scripts! <=Yes!
will do my dude...that's what's up....
why hello donna! Happy Weds. We are having ur England weather in the us :-( chilly and rainy xoxo
Thank you Brig for your return message. Life is so unfair to a lot of people. Your last profile comment truly inspires me! THX
Hey I heard you were a wild one ;)
Anyone wanna help me make my wedding playlist? :p I want sort of an indie type feel.
I'm reading the Hunger Games series right now... and I just cannot stop.
Keep up the good music bro!
I'm ok. No clients this weekend. So I'm doing nothing,staying in I guess. Whatcha doin in liverpool?
Starting in Hales Corners as an ASM for next week!
Can't wait to sign up for the gym. Summer bod here I come
follow me chris
campus, then i had to pay like 175 for those fucking books i took back late. STOP RAPING ME IN THE ASS OSU
That tweet was to all of my followers except
Can't find time to work out? Try waking up 20 minutes earlier and going for a quick run. It's easy!
INTRODUCTION DAY!?!? First the #iPad 3, now a new beer from #CoorsLight ?
Friday at last <3!
Listen to Charlie and Mike from Finch's Brewery and Jim and TJ from Beerhoptacular talk craft beer on WGN 720 AM tonight in 60 min! 1a.m.
I'm flying on SW. It's worse here.
I think ima just come to afterprom on some dumb chill swagg not no skirt or dress.Uh naaa
Nothing in sight is on fire and I can't smell tear gas. Looks like this Monday night will be more calm than last week's.
welcome to 38 hours ago ;)
Dear Mac users, please stop including ._name. files in your damned zips!
The White Puma was awesome.
My favorite memory of school by far is watching historical documentaries. So yeah, I guess you could say I'm a people person.
nice, lobster tails?
peace to my fellow insomniacs on the left coast while we try in vain to ignore the rest of y'alls "good mornings" lol
which two parter is it? What happened?
At AS luncheon at Emeril's.
Thnx for following. A MicroSite on AgooBiz [free] for Dubli connects u w/ #smallbusiness users & helps u reach more markets!
Added! Can't wait to see why I'm gonna hate you :P!
In Tiger's online Q&A fan asks: what r in those little bottles u chug? His answer: electrolytes...I get them from Fuse. (Great planted PR!)
Back from NYC just in time to start season four rehearsals tonight!
Love braising me some greens...
God I love live tv. Phillies fan cuses in live interview with Mark Stout. Hilarious.
And now LeBron hits the floor. Shocking that it took so long.
send us a message if you want us to come to your business and promote your company. 5 person professional crew.
For sure <3 thanks !!
the teacher, who you know well, found me so annoying she literally let me color all class.
SO TIRED OF BEING TIRED I JUST DONT HAVE ENERGY TO DO ANYTHING AND I KNOW I HAVE TO
West End Rocker and Viking Blond as the wildcard. COME ON !!
makes u wanna "shuffle" lol!
IN #MODELLAND, TOOKIE HAS 1GRN N BRN eye “: Can this b tookie's cat?Luv it!Matches her perfect! ”
lets go to orlando and make this stuff work out
good question! because we play hipster music, but we don't think we're cooler than everyone else. :p
It could just be from receding gum line.
We have a new thought about every 1.3 seconds. That is 60,000+ thoughts per day. Choose wise and desirable thoughts. It is you.
sorry to hear your visit wasn't for better reasons, Yes its so beautiful. I miss all the green, but the snow not so much :)
Shut it!
I want some orange juice from sonicc.
“: For me, it's Cinco de Stay-Inside-o.” haha
Since my youth, O God, you have taught me, and to this day I declare your marvelous deeds. (Psalm 71:17)
You mean wrestling at The Dolphin with guns at Broad and Tasker.
more tired than ever rite now...work 5-2 then home for a long nap. -_-
Thank you for supporting Durango HS and Project Sole Shoe Drive
Make sure you come out to Operation Caregiver @ Horton Square from 6am-6pm. Bring cash, wipes, Gold Bond body powder, sunscreen, OFF Repell
Thanks. I've narrowed it down to lulu and Walsh printing in Maine. The pudding is in the proof!
Is watching burn notice on Netflix.
Happy Mothers Dayy to all the wonderful mothers out there! :)).
Okay. 2am. I gave it my best for the night. Goodnight fish tank.
Man my legs stay feeling itchy as hall after practice
“: #pla12 business plans for each "product" to address who we're serving with each and why.” Interesting idea!!!
Breakfast,then getting ready for the RUE 21 fashion runway show!! <3 :)
Yesterdays Commercial, Interview and Photo shoot was a huge success!
UGH. I feel sick. :x
How was shredding this season? If you are getting back in shape, prevent #exercise injuries with #chiropractic care.
Good morning and Afternoon to everyone!
Tonight on #ADELEANTE, we explore new programs at La Causa Charter School, including Robotics and Television. On MPTV 10 at 6:30 PM
haha just this?
thanx doc u have a great outlook on MMA look 4ward too future discussions with you!
You never want to be known as "that hairy chested chick"
Haha I go to airports an hour early just so I can people watch
#JARRETT WORLD OR NO WORLD L'S CITY
Wow. Which Chuckle brother are you??
Guys have no idea what it means to girls when they tell her "You look very pretty today"
Looks like a big ass church.
So you're leaving at 5 today?
Buffalo United is like Niagara Falls basketball team only bigger dbags
Welcome back. A Raystown trip shall be done post haste.
You Have A Twitter
Married life has many ups and downs. May all of yours be between the sheets!
having a jersey shore season 2 sesh.
Katy perrys on replay, she's on replay
GOING TO THE DODGERS GAME!!=D my birthday week begins NOW!
- Yeah, we do. Excruciating at times.
Charlie Mingus - Flamingo - 10:01 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Big girls you are beautiful~
Trying something new and hope it works!
I am so scared of needles
#itannoysmewhen they show the really good parts in a movie on the commercial -_-
#mustaches are the
The way you make me feel > everything else.
if ur ever looking for a gf im here for ya! All ya need to do is ask! (: <3
you gave super admin access to the wrong account. Please grant it to this should be the org.
aren't we on Southworst? Can't check in until Friday!
Who has some trouble for us to get into tonight?
Most food advertising on children's TV shows is for fast foods, soft drinks & candy..
haha at spell. Concur*
Even the most misery bastard can crack.
I want to go to Ringling College of Art + Design, holy crap!
oh man I will look for it! Playoff time my friend
hello beautiful
probably. Or they're just doing yet another government demographics survey...
Trivia: Ludacris started doing radio.
In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired...
Indeed, credit where it is due
How did the interview go?
Listening to #AmyWinehouse and
Dude. You balls like to be on Bernanke's chin? You should see someone about that.
It's so much easier to be sick when you're a grad student: I have nothing to cancel tomorrow.
Vote for your favorite Orlando Club at www.hgpof.com under club tab
Crap, Napoli hurt. That error might be the best defense the Cards play all night.
I'm making a fake military ID just so I can eat free at Applebees on Veteran's Day. Who's with me?
Fucking white people and their Ferraris.... Just you wait >:O
- thx for sharing the post!
kidnap the santy claus throw him in a box leave him there for 90 years then see if he talks. Kidnap the santy claus :) x
Reggie was on there. Kris was on there. Kanye gon' be on there. Kim is a genius.
Having something half wayISharder thanNOThaving it at all!&once milk is spoiled when U got back2the fridge it still gonnaBspoiled
#questionsthatdontgetanswers: How is the womb sauna preventing misscarriages, curing fibroids and PCOS, and empowering women?
I'm so glad my dog is a Gecko killer...Ugh I hate those things!!
What do y'all think about doing another live stickam chat?!
okey dokey :) tell me which one you like better, and if u like neither choose one u think would be good :)
Rue 21 just pissed me off!
OMG GUYS!! LETS TREND #EbenOnEllen FOR EBEN!
Former #Badgers running back Zach Brown heading to Buffalo for a tryout with the
Rapid transit: Guy on bus cracked 24 oz beer on mercer island, finished it before emerging from I-90 tunnel
My favorite part of Hunger Games was every time Katniss would pull her bow so far back that it would smush her nose and lips.
lions and Lost... it just doesn't get better.
Grandkids here. Love us some Audrey and Owen. 6 special days coming up.
Boom. Go #Seahawks!! Nice first half. Sorry all you #suckforluck, go flat for Matt folks. I just don't have it in me to want to lose.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 9
Never underestimate the heart of a champion.
Another beautiful day in the Gaslamp. Enjoy!
Tomorrow is going to be really hard for me guys.. Please keep me, but more importantly my Mom and little brother in your prayers.Thank you🙏
I hear Mrs Obama say she wants to leave the White House, never to return, and a thrill goes up my leg!
follow back
Best live songs: Bobby Jean, Surrender, The Rising, Rocky Ground, Dancin in the Dark. 2 my Chicago folks: buy tix for Wrigley!
Tough Loss , , , Time to regroup for SEC Home opener next weekend
Its on 11 o clock & my TL dead af
so happy dat vinny followed me..didnt think he would.. mood: shocked but happy:)
Excited for all the great events this week at Wisconsin Book Festival www.wisconsinbookfestival.org
In college I majored in free internet and minored in sex.
Settlement #2 of the day is a wrap and I'm headed to get mom her crab cake fix. I can't think of a better way to celebrate.
This cold weather needs to go away.
#RandomThought...women that fall off and let themselves go..then make excuses and not try to get back right..#FAIL #DoBetter 👎
always interesting to see how things pan out!
No , he is an inspiration to give it your all , everyday and at any cost . Live Life To It's Fullest
Glad it wasn't just me RT love when says "the good news is, it's really simple" while heads explode
MT : QR codes are popping up on gravestones. Scan the code, read the obituary and see photos of the deceased. (via )
although johnny stokes is a complete douchebag, i do enjoy reading some of what he has to say. he's not dumb.
think pink
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
I'm pretty sure 99.9 percent of my followers know that I don't really think Claiborne is among the smartest SEC athletes..
That new Nas joint goes Hard!!
and I felt like tech people in other parts of the US would care less about the CLT/life tweets
Why, thank you! How'a your day been?
Might go see a movie by my self tonight or tomorrow.
I'm not sure how I missed their new stuff. Just found it today.
#BOYFRIENDReview i love your voice it's so deep
Exciting start of the #aggiesoccer season. Thank you for the play play play
I love sarcasm... I just hate the people that use it
wow, I think I be a HUGE fan of you, guys. Hahaha :) The song is pretty awesome! :D
Catching up on The Walking Dead... now THIS is some scope! Why'd they wait til the season finale to actually move the plot along?
convenience is one reason, and the snowball effect I find effective, as well
Thanks for followin brotha. I am diggin your music. Lovin After Tonite. Have you played the Roxy or Troubador yet? Best wishes!!!
I will not be there to visually support the #Lakers today, but my <3 is in the staple center, sitting next 2 Jack. #NBAPlayoffs Go
learning how to play the harmonica cause gino said i couldnt do it . CHALLENGE ACCEPTED !
It wasn't wicketkeeping at all. It was wicket-regifting.
My husband just read mine for the1st time a few weeks ago & I started it last Sept. Obviously, not interested.
Fingers crossed that laptop battery makes it thru session.
