What an amazing weekend! Thank you thank you thank you and for packing this weekend!
Welcome to the club!
Thank you!!
busy busy busy. i am such a bad tweeter.
A Monday well spent.. Bored.. D:
RT We have a special guest! Jeanne White-Ginder (Ryan White's mom) is in the Power of Children exhibit today, Tuesday, & Wednesday.
Off the trend topic, but do you all print in house or outsource? If in house what printer do you use?
m s'mores pizza with chocolate covered captain crunch! I'll take 2!
Juicy J sat me down and taught me well in trippy class
watchin american dad goin to bed
Hey sweetie!!! Hope you are doing great!
stop eating my food!!!
nahh I honestly think you just smoked to much. A half of blunt to yourself at once? Lol come on now
#ideas2action Corey Edwards, Dell: The what if question:what if GU had a handle on the tens of thousands of digital comments daily about it?
They will make a movie about this season and Man City winning the title. Unbelievable end to the season.
what does it?
So I gave in and made a instagram. I haven't took any pics yet...ill start tomorrow :)
✯ S▒H▒O▒W ▒L▒O▒V▒E▒ ❤ℱℴℓℓℴω❤ ═╬► ..... HE IS AN AMAZING SINGER/PRODUCER ALL FOLLOWERS GET & SHOUTOUTS IM CHECKING
ang, do you want to try beach yoga tonight? it's at 6:30 on ben t. davis beach. the only thing is we'll be late to mad men
What are you offering?
I know!!! But I should've known, a hottie like him wouldn't be that small lol
:) I don't like seafood, so I might be a little biased.
When it comes to some of my favorite people to follow here on Twitter.... is in my top 10!!! Thank you for all the support!
We up in perfections going ham ass erry where
That, too! RT : I think you mean: Wow, #IowaState. Wow. RT : Wow, #UConn. Wow.
Happy Birthday Gorge Lucas!!!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer16
Walt Dickerson, "Peace," another great trio date on Steeplechase. Just need "I Hear You John" to complete the collection. 'holic.
Yes, its Tuesday and Cheesy Chicken Enchilada is on deck. Get down here before you miss it!
Aw love! :) You definitely have a space in my mind! xoxo But what's up?! lol
is this for real?? Did you see him?
My nigga just told me i need to buy a house instead of living downtown ... I need a wife first lol ...single life so i live sex in the city
So good to hear. We loved the view from the roof!
Happy Birthday from mi to you love you and bless you🎉🎉🎉
Southern miss softball game today, see if a chick can show me how to hit!! #ju#JustSaying™
I'm supposed to pattern and sew 2 cascade skirts before Tuesday. Uhm.
Stop tripping bout that pussy cuz it ain't yours
~love the pics. Glad to see Dre sporting a ducks hat. Gonna miss him on the court if & when the season begins.
WEN U AIN'T MAKING MONEY, U SPENDING IT! #life'
hey Ed , we are coming to NOLA next wednesday , are u still there?we are playing on May 3, May 4 we are playing in Detroit
It's going to be a good day!
the account tweeted me saying it was ran by Greg ! Bahaha
How cool! Social Media and Food Fighters: Challenges and Opportunities for the Grassroots and Non-Profit Food Community
Thanks for following us ! :) Have a great Wednesday!
#Axiomity is the future of democracy
What a way to be woke up server thunderstorms yay lighting thunder and wind o my
oh by the way I'm a youth pastor now. haha That's why I'm planning a trip. For like 15-20 high school and middle school
Listening to Lenny Kravitz "Fly Away"
It's a 1/4 after one ....and i need you now... Lady A. An excellent show at the Pepsi center! Darius Rucker great too!
This wknd at Trapeze Atlanta: Tonight is our Zodiac Party- all Taurus babies get $10 off & Join Sat for Eyes Wide Shut Masquerade
Election Prevention Act encourages corporations to stall NLRB elections while they mount a one-sided, anti-union campaign.
We may be interested in said "stuff" - though I'm not sure if it's a pain to schlep down. We're now looking at 2br apts (tour today)
good point!
I bet everyone's so excited for tonight.. 😰😭😢😞
Lookin great in #bodypaint & w in
Rise an shibe!! Happy hump day <3
my friends arent letting me drive anymore b/c i drive too fast and i nearly killed them lol
You're just somebody that I use to know.
Running clears my mind like nothing else can.
Stop teasing your hair and just shave your head.
What's inspiring you today?
what up
the egg is no more. Big step in the twitterverse for you.
Ah, thank you-- we have faith! ;-)
Agreed.. Isn't that how we ask our churches to be?
lol more like a drake bell to me hes really cute too
or we can do a tuina party at your place sometime.
Come over. Someone bring some limes
"It totally applies to us women, doesn't it!? RealMichelleW: Was having a conversation yesterday about this!"
It's a big decision. The question is if your depression is a normal reaction to bad times or an abnormal, chronic condition.
Good finding u here (met at mlb event in stl for Palm way back). Congrats on Environ list - didn't know bout that category
Happy Birthday. May you have many more in good health, happiness and prosperity.
Happy Easter to my Family, Friends & Followers.
Erk - I didn't mean to change the subject;sorry! :-( But the parallel was impossible for me not to notice.
shoutout to for havin cool tweets.
my uverse dvr acts up every Monday...now it is effecting live tv! Very disappointed! May consider switching providers
wow you are not kidding.
Should be the jump off
yup yup!
LOUD ass bell/alarm coming from the streets, dont even know where its coming from, but either someone broke in somewhere, or theres a fire.
you are ;)
Dear all, seems my account was hacked. Do not click on DM from me.
xD ahaha that's funny. :p
#AA #AA2 YES! It has indeed.
Holaaa TY lots for RT! What is new in the player game world? Perhaps you can write a blog post to inform our social community?
Alright my #sadtweets are done goodnight :)
It is Amazing how a persons life can be changed even from a small amount of care and encouragement from others....
RT Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss! and Happy 50th Birthday, Jon Bon Jovi! What an awesome day today is :) // It is!
Hope you have a great day! Good luck on your test! I love you
#OneThingILove is ONE DIRECTION!!!!!
last night at the club they played #BOYFRIEND and live my life! (:
clearly last week didn't work. If you're still in town maybe tomorrow or Thursday?
lol I will
: you are one of my spiritual messengers today THANK YOU!!!
Fashionable + fabulous #2in1 #proud should be proud too. I'm taking over the world via #SocialMedia and buns!
Hang in there boss.. Glue those locks of hair back
Wednesdays are the loneliest days.
lets play right now
Dear guy on the next treadmill over, own up. we all know you're farting.
- Don Garber all eyes are on you to suspend Saborio for deliberate diving in the #Sounders #RSL match. Do Not Disappoint!
"Don't romance poor choices and bad experiences, let them shrivel up and make room for new growth!"
No problem dear :)
#archives Red, Blue and Unequal We are all aware of the growing attention to the inequality of wealth between the top 1% and the remainin
"You can calm down a fool before you can resurrect a corpse." Coach John Thompson's comments on DeMarcus Cousins.
SWEAR MY PHONES BE DYING!
Keep being too fabulous!
Where did the day go?
definitely hitting them up. any other places you like?
Kim and Khloe Kardashian showed up for free dance lessons @ Cowboys Red River in Dallas tonight. Expect a country dance DVD to be sold soon.
Blackout is Hilarious!!! LOL
Sweet offer: is offering free hot yoga classes at RatioHQ. We estimate office temps to reach 115 degrees by 6PM!
Come and meet the sexiest nerds in the area. Come to Erotic Pole-Etry on 3/30 and experience a different kind of sexy.
you should press for the city to adopt the laws which Quebec has - obligatory winter tires in the winter months
Did you know that it costs 1,500 times more for a paralegal to find an email in backup storage than it does to store it there?
I have never met Justin. I have never been to his concert. I'm hoping I could go to his concert & meet him this year. #NeverSayNever right?
won't be in Miami till this summer D: I live 4 hours away. Will he be doing anything this summer?:)
Are you going to kiss me or not?
but his mother taught him "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all." So....
any body we know?
3quarksdaily: Energy: Friend or Enemy?
Wondering if my halloween costume will come together in time for Saturday night.
Oh god, I'm right there with you... It'll be grand ole time!
how about librarians?!
Anyone who I've ever made fun of for a soar throat in my life, I'm sorry. Bad karma is living in my throat right now.
nothing watching Eat Pray Love...I love this movie...it's what I'm all abt!
I'm Sorry boo I was in the country...NO SERVICE!
Bummer. Death and Co. "closed to unfortunate circumstances" guess I'll have to visit next year.
yer right Quiz.. I'd done the same thing.. I'll just miss u bigtime this year tryin to beat the Ducks this year, .. Go Dirtybirds!
Bummed I stopped recording a second too soon - she came up and said "bye internet!" to the camera! How's the summer job?
Shouldn't you be in bed!
don't retweet me.
People who don't believe in illuminati your ignorant .. your fucking ignorant .. your brain washed that's why you don't think it's real .
You can't deny that Portnoy was a sick ass drummer. Because if you do you're just being a fuckin dickhead.
At Col. Sutliff's fmr stomping grounds - The Pentagon. Kids getting 9-11 first hand experience.
Mr Know It All!
not *yet*. going to be moving at the end of april!
just listened to Tina Brown of the Daily Beast present on maketing tips. Excellent info. The Video will be recorded.
Sometimes it's just great to blow off some steam and just Karaoke at the top of your lungs ... we know that and we're making it personal
Hm... what is more important to the sports fan: their town team or their college team?
Hi there! I need to talk to somebody at Blogsy, is anyone around?
There are no stupid questions, just estupid people; maybe i am one of them ;P
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
“: I'm gonna stay single until I get EXACTLY what I deserve.” damn right! Was my stance too. Funk that
#someday will
Why not download our app, and serve your guests wings on the patio, and get rid of those old notepads :)
that shirt didn't need a pocket
I didn't really have a long weekend! It was just a weekend getaway! The hotel was the scum bucket of the earth.
Hey! We're playing at the Listening Room on the 20th from 12-2pm!!
Didn't have the chance to get myself a Valentines Day present at during the sale. I'll just pay in full this weekend.
What did everyone think of the new opening video? We are
Definitely coming down with something. Not feeling so good. Headache for 2 days. Temp is: 98.1 ? Is that right? Digital therms. suck.
Athletes need to understand that when they throw their wealth in your face as a retort they're going to get burned.
is on it's way to IndieFlix.
I open doors for girls all the time out of respect, but if she doesn't say "thank you", I'll pull her back and close it on her
Going to LaGrange Ga for a HOLY GHOST REVIVAL tonight and tomorrow night 7pm LaGrange PHC Pastor Lenard Hodge. Come be with us.
Thanks, Coert. xD I can't stop listening to Relient K's version of Doctor Worm. :P
- need more info on cd's/mixtapes, t-shirts etc email her [ ] at !
...a plan comes together.
well too be honest.. you are pretty much cooler than me (:
Just finished an all-star rehearsal and my balls are kind of tingly. I think it's the coffee. Not sure. Wait...yeah...it's the coffee.
when did you change your twitter name? Kill those finals! Easy on the espresso shots
It's all the work I inherited from my boss. Wednesday is her last day.
about to blast Live at the 930 Club at work Shouts to the Go Go nation RIP Sir Chuck Brown
My grandma calls her bras bolder holders. Ahahaha
create layer mask for each layer then extracting the different parts
no problem :)
Happy Mother's Day to all our Westfield Southcenter Mom's enjoy your special day!
Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my
Today's bike ride: 10.08 miles. Not bad for Day 2.
His dad better give that kid an ass whooping
haven't talk to u or seen u in like forever man everybody is missing u
197 people at our presentation !!!!!! #uniedwaymiami total success
": Rafiki: “It doesn't matter. It's in the past.” | Simba: “Yeah, but it still hurts.” –The Lion King"
Deep down your a Giants fan.Its OK I respect you root 4 your team.
At the gym on a Friday night.
Lazy for 20 more min then getting my booty to the gym! If only walking around town buying wine & snacks counted as
do you have some good news to share?
Thanks Katie!! She's so pretty that someone needs to set her hair on fire and punch her in the nose.
Watch me not even get tan tomorrow lol
Great 3.66 mi run this evening :D
Fuck everyone. Seriously.
Not sure wat that IOS update did
well let's get you in. I have open slots this whole weekend.
and some men make that very easy for some women.
BIRTHDAY BOY :)) Gonna go clubbing, hope I fid someone to have some fun, but for now fucking horny ;)
just saw 5 year engagement - absolutely brilliant!
Still Up & aint ready 2 go 2 sleep #WHO UP
Good feeling about tonight
UPDATE 2-Liffe to recalculate COT reports on agri contracts
Not a blue dress.
whoo! Good job!
New Track posted By Lyrical Trilogy!!!!! Spectacular(YES). Come take a listen!!!!!
Fight to the man, cuz a woman chooses a strong, courageous and persistent, and not those who quarrel at the slightest discouraged and leave.
no no no ur not just 'that merch girl'. Ur the most cutest and beautiful merch girl ever with the funest personality too :)
Happy Mother's day <3
dont take rocket science to understand me
Nah Willow n RayRay Better
Nobody interviews people about their mortality, and then plays the interview back when they die, like
I'd be interested :)
hope you remember seeing me this time.
Ok...I got an idea...but u gotta be really opened minded..this can work...
Wow, this is fantastic! Would you be willing to share more with us? Can you email me at ? Thanks!
My neighbor is stupid
Whataburger NEVER gets old.
32 more to go. Hope to make a major dent on this list this weekend.
lmao guess Ill stick to my lime juice deal lol ... Your boss is a recipe hoader and I don't like it lmao
Can't wait for this fight tonight Margarito is going to be seeing stars!!! Paybacks a bitch
And that's the game as the #Wranglers take Game 1 over the #Everblades w/ a 2-1 victory #mytownmyteam Great job fellas!! : )
I'm dying for Chinese food o_o.
The question is not chicken or egg but Chone Figgins poster or bag of dirt.
Keep your head up, schnookums. You can do it!
yeah, that was creepy
ok i will!
you would think as a grad student i could sign up for my own classes w/out administrative help. nope. guess they don't trust me.
wow Spring Cruise last night was tight
House Clerk Steve James, former #DiMasi chief of staff Maryann Calia in the courthouse expecting to deliver testimony.
#NeverShouldYouEver & Dexter Pittman are trending. I love you, cosmic universe!
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments.
Just got owned by guy standing in line for a bar pretending to be the bouncer, I was the only one in the group who noticed he was playing us
Life is a challenge, meet it. Life is a duty, complete it. Life is a game, play it.
text the phone! im out :) until next time,america :) lol
What do you all think of the whole Brian Burke/cap circumvention comments? Is he on target or out of his mind?
Messing around with joda-time in jython - pretty powerful, handles dates well beyond year 9999.
can't wait 4 the fashion show! Keep the tweets coming!
Sen Leising what happens to students who are suspended? More time on hands?
My Valentine is in Belise doing rhinoplasties, cleft palate, scar revisions &other surgeries for charity. Can't wait til u come home.
Think whatever you want , im done wasting my time trying to prove you wrong .
Congrats on the TUF Philippines!
thats a good question. i have no idea. ill let you know
That scene is immensely playful and has an emotional dynamic range like an Ansel Adams landscape.
Heard a crazy rumor about CNN buying you guys out. True? False? Not going to tell me either way? Keep up the great work!
Realist sentence EVER: "Prince is determined to make even detrimental artistic choices based on his being able to run shit."
Follow me on Instagram
Right now I'm in bed watching YouTube videos... soon I will make myself an egg.
i wonder what celebs dream about... haha
I want nanobots that live in my intestinal tract turning waste into gold bricks.
Just saw a random person walking in Bellevue Park with a shirt on. Second chance encounter I have had in this park.
She wants me to cook tonight so macaroni grilled salmon and corn on the cob it is. Happy mothers day to the lady the gave birth to me!!!
I'm too cheap to buy the IMDb bonus features.
I have RedVines.
Sure will !(:
Filming new program on emotional mastery for national reia
"Sen Kenneth Wherry, a former mortician from...Nebraska vowed to 'lift up Shanghai and make it like Kansas City'" (c. 1949) ["The Wise Men"]
RT : I'm facing the old macaron video voiceover dilemma: say correctly and sound like idiot? Or, say wrong and sound like idiot?
How you gonna let a cat break up a relationship
Hey, I'm an uncle! As an only child, I never knew if such a day would come... Welcome, Eliana Rose Berenbom.
In line outside Dunkin donuts getting high off the smell of coffee
The only time I use Facebook anymore is to tell ppl to follow me on twitter
the one off great southwest?...yikes
The USA players bore me
stop in today and get a fresh cut
Flyers tie it up....won't go away easy
neer said "god night!"
The game isnt over Y go to the bench
Today's a good day. Gonna be hanging with tonight! Yeah, suckas! (; Only the coolest. (:
lol oh wow & beck was wth her she the one ugly one lmfao
And let's not forget the NFC West has 4 truly great coaches, too.
THOSE IDIOTS
Looking for a job this quarter? Send resume or contact to
Creating Community does not mean always talking about yourself.
On fb my feed is filled with prom photos from the children of my highschool classmates. I was a late bloomer with the babymaking.
I'm tired of looking at food and can't eat food F$$k This bought to test Moms
if i got a booger in my nose or food in my teeth i need to know about it
thanks much for helping spread the MySocius message. We appreciate it.
FOLLOW ME BABE
I love my new northface jackets there both so cute and comfy :)
Also tonight, Hells Kitchen: Zeke, The Lemons w/Redneck Girlfriend, : Neon Indian and : Brent Amaker & The Rodeo
I certainly was not putting myself on the "relevant" list.Only insiders (incl insider media) would froth over which dept heads stay
go and get u one of these Texas men!!...I married one!:)
What triggers you to shop?
We are looking for an Android Mobile Application Developer. Contact me at
Auntie on this
So nice to hear archivists talk about digital preservation without a note of panic in their voices.
damn! Well, thanks for trying.
love is not everything its really a fuc**** headache
- #YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ... what if we change it out for #YouKnowWhatInspiresMe or -
Okay so the past hour all I have seen that ICONiacs have tweeted is crap about ThatKidNoah... Leave him alone.
I LOVE YOU!!!FOLLOW ME!!!PLEASEE!!
3100 14th St NW, Washington DC. It was a slow time of day for them, perhaps, but lines were still getting long.
Well the plot is, plane crashes, wolves chase survivors, survivors fight wolves...end of movie
I do all the wrong things the right way!
can you confirm that it is all they are blocking?
I just booked all of my info and sessions for the conference. I will arrive in Dallas, Texas --2morrow.
i agree , does have a great voice. I've had plenty of zombie cravings lately. I think it comes from mapathy on MW2.
I better b my baby daddy only baby mama ; i dnt do dat 3 or 4 babymamas
Last day to apply for the 2011 Etchings Festival in Auvillar, France.
#IWishYouKnew that you're the only thing that keeps me going. The only reason why I force myself to get up every morning
Hopefully we can get through this fire by Sunday!
Our definition of happiness lasts all day. #WBC Feb 11th, 3p. RT : Sucks that your definition of happiness lasts 2min
#dcweek core conference checked into social media and analytics
check out vocabsushi.com to see a ton of real sentences from the news that use all those sat vocab words! Ppl do use them!
your #Tigers will be next
just saying lol
"Art is food for the soul." As crazy as I might sound that is my belief.
I have to write a whole story in one freaking day and Katie set the bar so high with a story that looks like Edger Allen Poe wrote it.
Are you an Artist? Social Media Fanatic? Contact THE HANGAR | Arts Initiative for more info about our "Exchange Program"....
Wish I could have gotten a picture of the Santa Clause looking dude riding a crotch rocket just now
A party in your mouth is right!! Enjoy your weekend!
Happy #FF everyone. Posting my favorite peeps soon.
But you deserve it. You like the Penguins.
Cotto is showing some heart. Hopefully he keeps this up!
To be noticed for more than a hot minute would be nice...
good luck. this is my second half ever and the 1st was jan of 2011. feel i'm more ready for this one by a long shot.
that feels like forever.
I'm about to get mad 😠
haha it's okay! I did the cliche "exciting start to a new series" line! No one really pays attention to those..do they? >.>
Im confused is everybody bout to be at #EarlBTurner or #Woodhill ?
advice on startups trying to partner with largo co's: don't base the deal on personal relationships but the actual value prop!
you don't see the change that is just s o clear...
I been on...you just now catchin on! Might make another track tonight!
RT :#snowatl "Snow on tha ground, snow on tha ground! Lookin like a fool with yo car spun around."
#Bucks looking good tonight.
Student: "I'm actually more influenced by the Green Lantern and Dr. Strange." Me: "I don't know what that means."
Aw, thanks darling! I'm so excited....and can't wait to see what kinda crazy/beautiful you do to my hair on my big day!
you're just jealous because you can't smoke ;p
Going to NYC today! Any suggestions for places to go or things to eat?
yes I switched!! so yay!! party with Larry!
i literally think i'm dead.
Memories are made and memories are forgoten but the ones rememberd are made with the ones you love !
": If the church sits on it's resources during hard times we are no different then corporate bankers just sitting on cash."
All I need is a Boyfriend like A$AP and my life would be Complete <3
I apologize. I'll honestly miss them. Especially Gatusso. With him and Materazzi both gone, Serie A is a lot less crazy fun.
Being biblically correct is usually politically incorrect - Rick Warren
Follow Me on Instagram ?!
Dear infant 400 lb Monkey... RT Thank baby Jesus as is only a week away!
I think I did see ya in southside Saturday night but you looked familiar from somewhere else or the name is familiar?
no, you're thinking of library school group projects, where one person does 80% of the work :)
Great job by Yong, Bestrong Benaked, now dinner time.
Today just wasn't my day.
hahh go to sleep young lady xD
HELLO WORLD!
super thank full for my mom! shes taking me shopping on mothers day :/ i feel bad but i love you mommy!
im done with twitter but to b.s. time. they can't afford my advice. nothings free for me why do them this favor for you?
I can't wait for the first meeting of the semester tomorrow! It will be in PSFA 200 at 7p.m.
Thanks for the invite! I'll keep it on my radar.
doesn't choas theory and management theory disprove that? ;)
Wow!! I woulda called the same play as before if I were Army. Stick to your strengths
YOU ARE SO GOOD AT THE INTERNET OMG
“Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.” Kin Hubbard
In related news, I hate the word "pamper" and all its derivatives.
me either!! And I've been taking voice lessons, ya heard??
yes :p
where you at foo...
Stayin positive attracting good things
At least Finley can go YOTTO on someone else's dime now.
Film crew doing story on #Miami weirdness is at #MIA when authorities spot fetuses in jar!
Sick as a dog. Merry Christmas.
your brother is hot
hey gurl! Having fun?
Thanks for coming!!
Can we please have shameik Moore down hear on the #1 station 4 hip hop and R&B PLEASE
Yep, thanks for the info
that's insane!
CEO Smith "We want 2 get paid 4 the value we bring 2 the project, not the hours we work”; the value of the difference
Let us check...yep, it's golfing weather. What's your favorite Northwest #golf destination?
"I'd live a different story...If you were next to me"
#raw10 Fat Lady fell while dancin n some stilettos. We tried 2 get her up, but had 2 remove her shoes. How do u balance 500lbs on toothpicks
you unfollowed me? :o
I've been watchin nsn non stop since yesterday now I gotta hang sum posters ;)
looking forward to claiming my prize and taking advantage of this opportunity. Thank you! -Alejandra
For all we know Jesus was trying to get the loaves and fish account
Per omnia saecula The campaign hopes u get the nomination. Extreme #Catholicism won't fly in a general election.
it's clear that Lion is designed around full screen apps on a 13" Air. Everything else is just oddly broken
LeBron says they're planning to be without Chris Bosh for this entire series. "Guys have to step up, including myself."
Wednesday= New manga chapters :)
If you have something to tell the media, come up with a unique way to pitch it. If your quote is well-crafted, it’ll be one the media uses.
..nothig at all
let us begin to scheme
“: hahaha the bibans eyes piercing through the church” like daggers 💙👀
AH I just came up with a new word!! instead of saying *awkward* you say *awquyyyy* like AWK-WEE .. say it with me *AWK~WE*
Just shot with Nicholas Paulos Photography. Great session!
Help us get to 300 followers! RT to support
Good morning to the beautiful boo thang :)
"dogs are always in the push-up position"
Yes, and the lights aver is clearly the superior weapon...
We've love to see you on March 13, 2012! Scot Lake of Brandon Hall Group and Marc Blumenthal of Intelladon are going to discuss how to pull…
This Florida weather reminds me of the perfect storm.
If the way the iPhone performs as an alarm is any indication, Apple must have very flexible hours.
i guess u lucked out with steelers at TB and mia last year
GOP Sen. candidate Neumann tells AP his companies got $750K in incentives, $500K came from stimulus grants.
Yesterday I saw a rheumatologist. No idea what's wrong, but I got a splint for both wrists. Remember, kids: Don't use the computer too much!
Having only one class today was quite enjoyable
Don't know if you can find it, but "Fraternity of Man" had a boppy song called "Field Day" about riots & cops at the protests.
great win tonight how are you celebrating???
Believe me when I tell you, I'm doing the best I can
are looking for a drummer in chicago. please retweet.
I'm looking for recommendations for a good timer app for my OS X (Lion) laptops. Any suggestions? Doesn't need to be free.
I have Wildefire from the library right now. (great minds?) Let me know what you think. Trying Cold Kiss--not into it.
: When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you .. them : "*Cough*" you: "OOOOHHH MY GOO "
"scan everything" more of an attitude than a reality-to help loosen up the "library time" workflow. Agreed - storage = $.
Hahahahaha you are kidding right.
Todays clue for the Super Mystery Jackpot Song is: This songs title has the same word in it twice!
(cont'd) "love lust tire leave--wed fight leave hate--sleep wake eat sleep--child boy man corpse--touch kiss tongue breast--" (more)
|#quotes I quickly learned that if I kept at it and plowed right through the rejections I would eventually get somebody to buy my wares.
the exhibit is good! and morbid.
Sounds brilliant.
that would cause too many emotions at once which would make a way bigger issue than if you did it privately
Just test drove an 2012 Camaro..... Im in love
I Love Music Nd Love 2 Sing.,!
don't worry we have some extra boxes for you. Deuces! :)
No one? Jesus, I thought someone might know.
K. I'll tell you when I'm coming.
Annabelle rejoices! Big brother Luc home and WILL get the big hairy spider in her room. Don't worry--he's driving it out to the country.
To me, drink responsibly means don't fucking spill it.
Here at the SD women's club feeling positively fanatical as I await Henry Rollins for a night of spoken word.
love your song & video w/Chiddy...Children..!!!! More please! (Oh yeah, Crying Blood too!!)
Add a car too if that's what you really want
so true
#makeitplatinum Make it malt liquor in a blue bottle?
give them short deadlines, to escape writer's block and deliberation. interview them rather than to ask them to compose.
"You haven't had that baby YET? What are you waiting for?"
telling someone one of your biggest fears is like ah :s
I want Belle Isle.
Absolutely Agree!
Am going to be in Philly next week. Who else is going? Wana have a twitter meet-up?
attack me while im trying to get something out the car...spraying the fawk out his azz
Was that on purpose?
Good to see friends I hadn't seen in far too long today.
You definitely found a keeper! You guys are adorable.
text me and tell me
Watching 's healthcare special on Fareed is the man! I can see him as a top advisor some day.
Cough, cough, cough. Um... I was there, too. Sigh.
yep i know and it sucks i would love to have it all year though!! along with egg nogg!!!
(or conures -- need to figure out which)
Yeah it really is! I wish it was still like that...
I am sad yet happy that Cody is single. I still don't really know what I feel but I'm going to gym class....so bye
I don't know, but if so, I'm sure she'll keep everyone posted!
MT : On Friday we learned about bears chasing a governor. On Monday, a presidential candidate gets bit by a penguin. Tuesday...
I got it thanks!
Trey is amazing ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
I know cuz. I am SO over school already. Lol and I'm taking a sat class this summer...it's gonna suck
iHate her So much right now!
I want to join the #Avengers .....Where do I sign up?
Tom Brady time in exactly 1 day!
I miss you too. :(
yea..lol u happy now?
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure. - B.C. Forbes
im at every #familymeeting i luv ur music it makes mondays exciting! FOLLOW ME <3
Maybe so, but he won't approve a pipeline to move the oil across the country from Canada to the Texas coast.
Yo - this Twitter user is saying awful things about you, like that you're a bigoted scumbag.
Yes, other days of the week too for awhile...
thanks for the follow, keep rolling that starup snowball. Hope to learn from you.
been up for almost 24 hours. yay finals week
Think of something you can model today so that others can see Christ through you. Joy or patience will work.
I'll check and let you know.
kd broncos and kd del sol
we'll STOP & ERASE ... cos i'm gonna WIPE THAT SMILE OFF UR KNOW IT ALL FACE
Lots of standing water in SE Portland a smaller creek over its banks on Foster Rd.
Waiting on a Shit Neil LaBute Says..
Man I haven't been up this early in a very long time feels good.
My poor Nuggs 😔
My scripting leaps from sed to Python, usually.
The flattop fellar is going to be a legend in Lexington!
My goal is to make him happier then you did!
Great ideas always suffer opposition from small minds
Nobody likes faxes, send them faxes.
Could be a long wait. :) GRRM does take his time....
Our Hearts go out to all living creatures (people, pets, wildlife) affected by the terrible storms in the South.
That you!?
I'm excited to tweet with the DC seminar! Tried to tweet to #jhudc, but my tweet didn't appear?
Relaxing at home - tough week. Getting ready for the golf outing tomorrow.
Why is the week before finals often worse than finals week?
hey, thanks wuot! just saw this. we had a blast!
Cake # cake
I do my best thinking in the shower. Coincidentally, or maybe not, I do my best beating in there too...
Expecting great things this week! Excited as always to what Jesus is doing! "Lord, your favor and provision goes before & w/ me!"
There are a lot of folks at the movies tonight. I guess the word is out on 21 Jump Street.
My secretary wrote that. My apologies.
I am in a shockingly good mood today!
In larger firms, having lawyers friending each other on Facebook (with proper security), helping to build relationships.
Love how I lost all my colors in Draw something
yessir ima wear my heat jersey in ther but do u think they bring a team to Columbus?
for every unanswered goal the wings had last 2 games, marwan and i are punishing ourselves with a cold splash mountain ride.
was the dance party of the year... awesome event. so sad to miss it this year.
Jane's Addiction show was sick. Perry's voice sounded good.
de-rehearsifying (gHOST project)- always difficult to come back to reality.
oh good :) sounds like you had a pretty awesome birthday
I just received my last round of prototypes and they look awesome! I am so close to getting the final models to the retailers
Awh omg that picture of Beau and Lights in their wedding clothes ~~~
from the bike shop next to kafe 99! A lunchtime impulse buy!
I'm just so tired, nothing is real. I lost my love to the complex inside me
When does it open?
I got to see you today (:
speechless...love ya bro
Sun burnt so bad but I don't even care! I love portugal!
Why WONT Opah RUN for president?
This dude is hilarious.
Shea McClellin, OLB Boise State. Most thought he'd go 5-8 picks later. Good player, but he'll have to convince fans/meatheads
Everyone wants money, power, and success with no work.
#Imagine You're on the phone with Niall, he's in tears: ''Babe, I would do anything to have you in my arms right now. I miss you.''
Getting nervous before proposal hearing. Probably wont be as bad as I am thinking. =O
thanks for coming to #HighTech #HappyHour!
try bourgeois Pig on franklin.
6am and she is startin' to rain already ):
PLAY JUST PLAY THE GAME DONT THROW THE GAME AWAY PLAY THE GAME THIS IS HARD 4 ME
"I'd like to kiss you, but I just washed my hair." - best Bette Davis line ever
You made my day and you don't even know it ☺
They said they weren't sluts and I was like "only sluts have sex on their periods" and then I walked away...
plz follow me and ill give u jbs e_mail
LOL...looking forward to it. I'm still pretty quick. I think I could stay far enough away from your pointed toes to avoid...
Word for word from a blog on the NYT site: "If Kierkegaard were on Facebook or could post a You Tube video . . ."
okaayy and i am and iams dog ... awk and go on oovoo when your donne./
Ohh pizza scene you make this little fat boy so happy <3
WOULD LOVE TO - send link?
Already scratched up my Pinkerton record when I dropped the needle :C Now Long Time Sunshine is all messed up. Time to cry.
First class
no doubt man.
and writing about the imported look of imperialism.
Asik AND boozer both yall a waste of damn space man
mine is next Monday, 8am. I am not the inviter, just the presenter.
Thing is neither is that good for you, right ladies. Lol!
When people infront of me are walkin slow as fuck. << Get the fuck out of my way.
Johnson Wagner is the Tiger Woods of the #Masters Mustache Leaderboard. And Rickie Fowler is the Johnson Wagner.
He also said the Sports Dept at WKOW was too. ;)
Great! Let us know what you think!
: Whatever happened 2 restoring a person after an offense has been made rather than throwing in the towel on them.. 👈T.h.i.s.
im bored shitless today just got done wit most of the packing dont know i had so much shit
we would have campaigned to secure middle-name naming rights!
“ is getting his game ready for Match Play qualifying"-details! Mason, I'll see you on course for the Lombardi
Thank you! RT Support !
Lmao thanks for the encouragement!!!
Haha. Best tweet ever!
They sure seem like it. Even the difference between Doctors 10 and 11 is insurmountably vast. Such a decrease in melodrama!
Fear and confusion are the enemies of creativity.
ha john cena is on:)
my goodness! there are 61,000+ photos needing transcription ! The Million in May promotion must be working!
Bored #CTA conductors with intercoms are the best.
lmao nah I like it haha!
Who just spent $81 on 5 frames instead of $182 in one trip thanks to coupons & a persuasive personality.
Great to hear! The animals thank you for running for them!
Just got out of basketball practice big game next weekend
#MKTG118 No task on this one. It is now 7pm and we're about half way through class. Next task in five minutes.
almost as good a every night at the IOP
yes sir
I wondee if is awake?
I fucking hate being put into uncomfortable situations
I'm about to eat some food then be out
thanks for the 10 tips on how to crush it on Linked in!
I have only one thing to say to the tax increasers. Go ahead-make my day.
So where is the lemanaide in this green skinnygirl...mine taste like ¿ green water
Already in NOLA for #scms11? Come to "SCMS Online" workshop (A8) and tweet up some smart backchannel to get the ball rolling
Thursday night at 7 pm! Check our fb for the registration link.
I'm blowed
What's everyone think of the new Google+ pages?
Game 6 was the Bruins 15th win of these playoffs, a new club record for one playoff year.
my knee hurts. thanks a lot
lmfao. my white ass needs it.
CD release show at Church of Boston Saturday, Oct 15th! Debut release, come check it out!
The Eternal Question. Kitana vs. Chun Li: WHO WOULD WIN?
that's so good we only have one mom
Critics always find a reason to hate the heat...
MY DREAM IS MEETING WITH U , I NEVER SAY NEVER , I'M FROM CHILE (: SO, SORRY FOR THE TRADUCTION :(
You know all of the answers I'm sure!
yes, rise n shine, I'm doing that. I'ts my B'day, need to make the don nuts. LOL...
Thanks. Kinda the wrong side o campus for me, though. Thanks anyway!
yeah, but you're still a hoe bag.
I couldn't help but burst out laughing watching Justin Bieber's new music video..
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
I so miss the days when people forgot the past. I can't stop thinking about it.
zomg! That cat scares me. Reminds me of the cat who used to hide on top of doors. Like the door itself, not shelf.
Your vagina is raided E for everyone! Funniest thing I've heard today.
I'm awesome! And yes ma'am we'll find some time to schedule that in.
Listening to the Joy Formidable to write the Code Formidable.
I like sports with physical contact.
This conservator runs on coffee and Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. No wonder I can never fall asleep at a reasonable hour!
BMO Retirement Institute Report: Estate Planning in the Modern World - Accounting for Parents, Pets and Digital Assets
my shit hurted so bad , I stinged , esp. When he hit that bone & my ankle omg lol
Playing basketball & my skills are surprising me.
LOL. Never!! RT : A10) Ill completely understand if anyone answers with my twitter handle.
Why does this kid eat so much?!
many thanks!
RT , If you think I'm mean
Sad news about
I'm home sick again hope u feel better
Like do you buy weed to pratice rolling? If you do that then just smoke it cause its a waste of weed and money!
open peer review allows incorporation of perspectives from wide range of academic and non-academic expertise
Thanks a lot for joining! I just sent an email your way!
I'm in for #downtown tonight!! I moved to Anodyne for Kingfield Knitting :)
bk breakfast on the way :)
Happy Mother's Day to all our volunteer and patron moms.
actual fact brother
Dude, is not a news org. They are a crap aggregator that only *occasionally* manage to snare something good.
greet your voice with what it can give you today!
I like to get under peoples skin.
� I acted like it wasn't a big deal when really it was breaking my heart.�
Love when my mom buys mangos
it was! Castaway in Minnesota.
awee shucks learned from the best <3
You have a cute face but you ain't got no #SWAG!!!
speaking with proper english instead of slang!!!! It's disgusting!!!!
Excellent customer service help on a "Situation" with my account yesterday!
Due to the snow classes for Friday at Northeastern will be optional.
should I pick up Ford or Moore?
Wow.. just took a peek at the score and almost swallowed my popsicle! This I didn't expect #Lakers 50 #OKC 80.
First visit to Disneyworld and I want to know why no one ever talks about how WIERD the small world ride is.
Lol me too. I don't remember a thing
No school. Goin to my aunts for the day. :)
yea u do need twitter I put my whole mixtape on soundcloud
Your icon = definition of beauty.
wow that means a lot! thank you for such kind words lol keep in touch <3
RT : "As we go into the next decade, search engines aren't going to wait to be asked. They'll be listening." - Ray Kurzweil
#indieview Q3: I appreciate well-written books. That make me read a sentence over--deeper than the exper of movies or tv.
Confirmed of talk radio will join The Real and as we discuss WWE Hall of Fame
haha! I just think its funny that they try to bate people by being negative... whatever happened to being nice to each other?
Then head over to Circulatory System at Republic Square Park, 4th and Guadalupe 7-10p tonight for video & performance. (via )
we've got the product to do just that! Just lean meat, cornmeal and spices in our #scrapple - its not offal at all!
The most difficult phase of operation kitty relocation complete: security cleared.
Who are the Bills going to pick? Make your official pick!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You're every line, you're every word, you're everything (`▽´)-σ
okay. Why you scared?
Technology is growing rapidly. Be prepared for the new advance. Use technology on the right direction in this globalization system.
My buddy Emiliano is TEARING up fashion week. I am eating and walking. A lot.
I just noticed a few more of my pieces are no longer available on the internets. I think I will release them on smashwords.
2NITE SWEET SUNDAYS w/ CACHE, RILEY WARREN & Birthday DJs Alana STARR & DJ Etsuki Free 11pm!
Greg Stone as Jason! B'way: The Pirate Queen, Urban Cowboy, Oklahoma, Les Miserables. Helen Hayes nominee for Jean Valjean in DC Les Miz!
ahh thnks so much please tweet me it would make my day
We had a blast at our artist social last night.
hey boo
I hate having to rehearse late, that junk get in my nerves fr
i LOVE #Boyfriend , i can't stop hitting play <3
OMG. Ripped banners FTW. *gigglesnort*
I believe next year's class has 3 big-time signees over 6'8" and a verbal from 5star center Cameron Ridley..so should be fine.
Danielle Harris said she loved my hair :)
Does iDVD not exist anymore?
Almost one and still going strong.... #relayforlife :)
Hank's save on Ovechkin was so good, that I didn't even realize it at first.
Clark leads the Hoyas with 13 points. Meanwhile, Hollis is just 1-of-6, and 0-for-3 from distance. If he gets going, this could be a blowout
Go see some history.
FLIRTATIONSHIP: More than a friendship, less than a relationship. *!i luvv yuu!*
I know I have 3 and a half PGA done
Kissing burns 26 calories a minute, no wonder sluts are so damn skinny ! :D
I'm great !
OMG It's snowing!
Omg. REO Speedwagon's Time For Me To Fly just came on the radio. So you know I had to turn it up and start singing along! ;D
Wild Wesley Dance Tonight!! Spread the Word Bring some friends. Worship @ 8 Dance @ 10 Dance Competition as weel
We're giving away two Ugly #Christmas Sweaters tonight! Follow and RT before midnight for a chance to win!
RT : SF Green Film Fest also showing Urban Roots (in Detroit) and Blood in the Mobile (about conflict minerals in cell......
What is an AGA Cooker?
Thank god I was worried they were all following me
Big headlining show next Friday w/ Nova Chaser, , Buffalo Parade, and ! Going to be a good show!
We encourage you to apply for our #internship! Email stating why you're a good fit. 600 word max.
I wish I was invited :p
I have amazing friends that have given me relationships that I will value until the day I die...the birthday celebrations continue
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. Keep smiling.
Not sure if we will have more "The Movement" tees. I can assure you more IU tees are in the pipeline!
Man y'all niggas be depending on others around you to blow!! Fuck dick pulling!! Ima be that nigga to make it!! And ima bring my team!!
It's Friday night and Cracovia, a wonderful Polish restaurant, is almost empty. Come on, suburbanites! Bigos! Pierogi! Kielbasa!
Alright friends, fam and fans!!! As of now I have the highest # of votes on urban daily for Jill Scott's competition!! :) keep it up!!! :)
Cancun in 70something days=15 lb weight loss. Beach, 👙, ☀, 🍸. All for the love of being comfortable in your own skin.
either Sat afternoon or Sunday morning. C u soon #veg friend!!
Thanks for RT'ing about Winefest. It should be a good time. :)
Did Trevino just say my name right???? Whoaa
Buddha's Delight Recipe from Gourmet
Catching amtrak to DC, claiming a seat on the quiet car, hunkering down to finish 2666
she has an oovoo
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality
Putting together an Exhibitor Proposal for the Oregon Career Development Association luncheon. www.ocda.info
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
I gotta new name for you, my girl:)
I want more #Filipino cuisine in #Tampa!
I'm good cuz you see the movements we def going next level lol
im decent wea u from
not necessarily
U.S. Consumer credit grew by $8.73 billion, in February, Credit-card debt declined but bigger debts, like auto and student loans, rose.
We are co-producing the Jazz Fest with UMSL and the Touhill. Are you going to make it to any of the other shows this weekend?
how about our partner Dustin Brown w/ the game winner for the Kings Last night ?safe bet was used after the game....#gokings RT
Good morning
thats what i heard. and goodshit! no reason to be scared of those catholic fucks
oh lord. Find anything interesting?
To do right and do rong give us the courage To be something getting our Yung black men off the streets and getting killed everyday
I'm pumped! And I miss you...
Chicago Bears Add Another Wide Receiver to Bolster Offense: Fan&#39;s Take
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do. Invisible Children
Website is almost ready! Stay tuned for Mother's Day Special!
Excellence is the name of the game.
Got a lil too tipsy last night but had a great time! Now out to play in the sun!
Sitting with you guys, ready to sing my ass off!!
Stunt women ROCK!
#youknowyouregettingoldwhen You walk out of the parking lot after a workout and can't find you car.
He hates it, haha. It's not like what you'll expect, you're basically bored all the time. And he is on profile, so he really
The boss back, somebody call the Brinks truck
We are happy to help. Email us at or call us at 858 222 8242.
It's looking like a great day today. Come on down!
Good Connection Group tonight!
i wear my sunglasses at night
we're excited more people are taking note of Milwaukee's emerging startup community!
Just planned my next three semesters of classes out completely #sighofrelief --Next semester please come sooner...
Will u get me some lemon soap? Thx! Do you still sell the lemon soap."
Happy New Year's Eve!! Time to come up with a resolution if you havent already! The clock is ticking!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to treat a girl right
Stumbled across old headline: "Malcolm Gladwell Has No Idea Why 'The Tipping Point' Was A Hit." Delicious/dumb.
We now have nearly 700 clinics in 43 states, and your Massage Envy wellness program is good at every one of them!
please keep me in your prayers. Just said yes to develop funding for Community Cohesion South Africa. You will hear more. YES
Gobble gobble gee and a gobble gobble giggle I wish turkey only cost a nickel...Happy Thanksgiving!
well someone left a mess on the floor!!! There should be a sign saying "NO BLEEDING ON THE FLOOR!!! ROFL!!! XD
Amazon's 1-click ordering will be my financial demise. TOO. EASY.
hey can u pleez follow me cuz im seein green faces!
Thanks Cat! Have an awesome weekend!
Sorry about the late iPhone push notifications. We had a strange delay in our servers. Fixed now!
Ok! Welcome to my Twitter stream!
We have a very special guest tonight at Latin Night. Come out and find out who!
no one in this market even saw it coming...
The pumpkin silk was on clearance, so I think it's not as popular as the rest. It tasted the same as eggnog to me.
After a long, lovely, moving, hilarious, deep day of Welty Symposium, looking forward to tomorrow 9:00-12:00!
what's wrong babe? :(
followed :D
I need to get on that breh .. Was good tho breh you can't hit yah young one no mo ? Lol
NC-raised, and I'm ashamed/appalled at Amendment One. History will not look kindly on those who promote BIGOTRY.
hey boo! ♥
S.Palin I understand ur need2create generational wealth&security4ur clan. Please put ur publicist money2work by supporting qualified people!
we had an awesome time hanging on the patio this weekend! Wish we had a Rhumbar in MKE!
it says boob itch? Ha.....
The deadline is here but really not yet! Any surprises?
#20ThingsAboutMe 13. i think too much
so hot omg bro
looking forward to meeting you today!
new cudi cd? #WZRD what did you think?
>:?=my mood throughout today!
Isn't it? A cute little boy named Brooks. AWW :')
Headed up to ventura. Gonna be a great show! See you all at the Red Cove!
Follow me I follow back
It's simple,give home the ball and you will win!Probowl RT : RT : Career-high 186 rushing yards for
Yay!! RT : It's finally SNOWING!
I wear noise-canceling headphones when I wireframe & document so I see your points. ;)
Justin bieber cut his hair... Must say it looks really good suits him well :)
oohh...role reversal
Perfection is an illusion that keeps us captive to an image we have of what were supposed to do, be. Let go. Larysa Slobodian
Realities of the battlefield demand quiet clean support systems : we can and should replace dirty and noisy systems
Goddel is going to be sore as hell tomorrow from all these bear hugs.
what up man how you doin? Just watched immortals! Fuckin dope, watched it blazed too
#justsaying i'm going to record my trip and post it in the blog section of my website (:
dm'd you the digits fam
Girls are so different
OH SHIT! REALLY? thats sick as hell bro! how you liking it?
amanda #TypeYourNameWithYourElbow wow i'm perfect ;D
I'd love to say Hi, have 4hr drive in front of me so I will prob leave soon, I'm in the 2nd lounge just outside the auditorium
#MyHeartDropsWhen I eat at Chillis two nights in a row
Landed in California
That LSU and Alabama game was garbage
I'm serious!!! I wonder if it will be the same when I'm out that way in person haha
iPad, Lindsay Lohan naked, make my penis larger and i need advice on how to meet women
right lol one of them wins come off from who oh the magic lol
straight up fool!!
Go watch Charlie & The Chocolate Factory wearing your very own Charlie & The Chocolate Factory T-shirts!!!!!!!!!!
hope you are doing awesome!
At the Dentist 😒
yall r so pretty!!!!
wearing a new cologne called "Bud Light Draft"....
Thanks for the mention! We really appreciate it!
": The most annoying part of a #Virgo is how critical they are."
My advisor is about to bite my head off
i'm the type of girl that you gotta ask my father to date me.
I boo him every time he plays! hope he's ok, but he needs to just get over himself and retire for good this time!
“: In a world where Bill Murray exists, you will always be second best.” I know.
I wanna see the video please
I need some new tunes.
how are you doing? loved your pics from candace jordan's last event. thanks for your good reviews of us! sent every1 the link
don't worry he'll tweet you soon
Just passed through Hannibal, Missouri. Its the hometown of Mark Twain and setting 4 Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn...now theres trivia for you!
weirdest thing man, fainted last night outta no where... Hit my head pretty hard, so Im a lil sore. No concussion though
alright! Might make a tourney....
GET YO LIFE SHE DNT LOOK LIKE THAT
#nowplaying Sex and Hollywood- Black Veil Brides!!!
you know it! So excited. I haven't seen you in forever!!
ha okay
Oh boy ptfc. This is real bad.
Good to see Jon Lovitz and Brian McKnight attempt to be relevant on the same day. Need one more. Jose Canseco?
My back hurts. :c
Hit flow harder then bottles I lean on.
Great picks, man!
good to know im not the only one! :) RT : NO WAY!! I full on cried.Jose Mas is am awesome person!
We cannot see our reflection in running water. It is only in still water that we can see.
with the pizza in it, of course.
My popstar mag says your the definition of 'Gold Coasts Finest' haha. Love you :)
A professor answered two of my open ended questions with "hi." Really?! REALLY?! YOU'RE A PROFESSOR.
stupid people
excellent i.s.s. pass tonight, passing near venus and crossing the moon.. you should have seen it..
Santa Cruz tweeps: Project Purr rummage sale fundraiser starts 9/11. Stop by corner Thurber Ln & Soquel Dr and support feral cat rescue!
u need 2 keep him not 2 many dudes gon do that
going to be approaching 90 degrees for the today's boston marathon. hydrate & listen to your bodies. positive vibes to all!
I put blankies at the corner and side of my bed because i'm scarred of the demons under my bed.
Quotes from WEB DuBois and Malcolm X? #Nerdland makes me forget I'm watching basic cable. How long will this be allowed?
people were out of town😳
I always want what I can't have.
If Gov Chrisie decides to run and save the Republicans from their current crop of sycophants think he will be sponsored by Weight Watchers?
Wait... What? You're having squirrel for dinner and you didn't invite me?
picture! because chances are i would touch it too ;]
Heathrow told to stop apologising for queues
that is awesome! You are so right
The Universe is mental: your possibilities are limitless !! Be YOU-rself :)
Too much lost time the last few days. Focus, woman.
70 degrees and sunny in San Diego today - RT if you're just itching to relocate away from the snow!
How's your PMA today? (Positive Mental Attitude) -Ms. Fatima McCadden
Hi on the phone!
follow me back please :]
Everybody & their momma is @ brunch today.
1/30/1785->P. Wright: If the Bust which your Son has modelled of me should reach your hands...it must be an honor done me
Mishel: #Recession could have been much worse without interventions
No dragon your feet! Our Year of the Dragon celebration ends Monday.
4Sure! enjoy the day
#ziptip Not sure which side the tank's on? Look at the little arrow on the fuel gauge. Most Zipcars have this nifty icon
I love it when sungha Jung plays guitar with his dog ^_^
Good morning Tweeps. Woke up to find a flat tire on my car...hopefully that's the worst thing that happens today.
Tune into the frequency of love and see where it can take you!
lol, no offense taken. (I'm stuck on wip-but it chould clear up)
How about having your toes pick out a flavor soap to make your piggies smell yummy clean n silky soft, w/no salon sanding
I love u more than words can explain .its a shame I'm bein left alone
- If it helps to know, its raining do here in the OC as we speak!
have a great weekend and thx for the follow
Bout to learn the surprise dance for the quinces...how the hell am i suppose to learn the moves if i dont know how to dance O_o
So much HW, time to get it all done and get some chores done... then on to some new accessories... thinking headbands in our future Hm
OH : "The iPhone is like a hot date. You wanna touch and hold it, but don't count on a real relationship - there's nothing there"
Should I feel horrible that I run into someone who is all enthusiastic and remembers me, then asks if I remember them and I don't?
haha ya i know wat u mean:) how old r u?
Cindy, thanks 4 following - now I'm following you :)
Peyton, you're the best actress in the world!! :D <3 <3 I love you Pey
Counterfeit Canuck jerseys make playoff run too
Still around? So are we! This would be a great time to get some one-on-one help with your dissertation or long-term research!
you are my ispiration....you are prfect girl <3 please follow me
. Ppl overestimate # of climate deniers--maybe like college binge drinking, trick is to spread real #s & lower peer pressure.
Hello Twitter!(: Tweet me(:
Chabala is horrible. Just a hack.
You got me workin'workin' day and night! Work Michael! Heeheewoo!
headed to the vanguard tonight to hear again!
Fun, Fun, Fun - Happy Birthday Year!
God is truly amazing! I'm truly grateful for opportunities that have come forth in my favor.. Its nobody but the one from above
im bumping that... UGK - One Day U Here ...
Can you please follow me. It would make me the happiest girl in the world if one direction followed me.
Wish i was skinny so i could say #skinny niggaz runnin shit
Eating more cake for breakfast.
Thanks to Lori Zapf who specifically asked about whether or not Earth Day would get a permit in 2012. The answer yes, but the details matter
Thanks for the shout! I use it all the time!
#RTHT. Go check out awesome rock band Their site is
Turned on the radio and careless whisper came on.
shit i juss got off from work
Pulling for cousin Walt... it's time for a Dalton to run thangs
So how often so we get the chance to utter THESE words with a straight face: "That Weiner's got some pecs!"
You rock too!
You know it's spring when it's not quite so hard to get out of the shower in the morning. :)
#missingmilwaukee day 16 goes to ludicrously warm weather - if it ever did get cold I must have missed it!
Listening my cd by “ELEVATE“ love that ;)
Already done with school.
Feel like i'm actually floating in the clouds on some Z-ro shit.
Cape Relay For Life this weekend at Mariner High - Cape Coral Daily Breeze
Eddie always has Weekly Specials Just ask 404.454.1494
Tech fail: Tmobile says they can't retrieve any data from my busted phone, including my notes from a 3hr Denver brainstorm w/ Tom Romero.
Last day to read about Rebekah in HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God at www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page.Love at first sight?
Montreal is pretty bad ass! Not like #Toronto though!
yeah, you're right. i'm just like everyone else.
thank you tmz for ratting them out so sad
I'm glad it was just in jest. I would hate to think that anyone would mistake you for being grey headed!
Yeah how can I do so?
Aaron where are you, all your fans want you to come back and tweet with us
#YouWereCuteUntil i seen you in person
So the world is going to end tomorrow. Please sign over all your personal belongings, cash, etc. to me by 12:00 midnight for safe keeping.
Which then raises the Q: how do we help grad students participate in/find new models of ac life/leadership.
haha I'm just to nice ! But my seats at the game were amazing ... Now I'm drunk
please tell me something I should be listening to that I would like.
lol I don't no any good apps but the iPhone apps better thn thay apps
you and your education!!!
Ok westbound , NYC here I come. ST Patty"s day!!!
Ch'Inglish on Broadway!
you bet. Maybe i'll see you before i head out today
Yes I will be.
better than hearing that Drake/Rihanna song twice.
food is good to soak up the booze and drink more ;)
Success is not measured in miles, feet, or inches but what you had sacrifice along the road of accomplishment
::: Check this out folks, maybe there is some justice after all. Please RT
what's okc answer for Laker bigs? No team in nba has one
“Sometimes when you see what you want, you forget what you needed."
#gutted a fella would have tore that up on satday
Good job at the Oscars so far. Mandy looked great! You are a lucky man to sing along side her!
Inbox Zero feels so good.
I do a few things right. Napping. Etc.
Thank you for the mention - we #appreciate that!
Snakes in my community, No unity!
sitting here abt to smoke n eat a bombass breakfast waiting on dis steeler game to cum on
How are you STILL only on Season 3?!
for some reason i always brush my teeth for phone interviews...
omg wuts the number
later today- images not up yet
Mya Hatchett knows the General services Administration & Federal Court has to comply with Sec. 504 for Autism Court access to me
It is so great to see other countries rally to help: Australia,Singapore, Japan, the United States, Britain and Taiwan.
whoa whoa this shall not be a 2 against 1 fight :p
awesome! Long dam history too (father pres of Clark atlanta). Many educators in family.
I miss my boyfrann already!
iPad just dropped 20ft off the bleachers @ the Blodgett Pool and survived! Just a small surface dent. (had case on-thank God).
“: marry me? ;)”... I dont know if im ready for my first wife yet.
Having a hard time getting out if bed this morning... Keep to get up
Judicial restraint was a conservative principle when I first bought in to it.
hahaha any time #brutha had me cracking up as well. Great minds think alike.
this game is gonna be NUTS
Tempted by that droid 3... maybe. But I'm holding out that this iPhone5 thing will be awesome.
and we miss you my friend!!! We will be back soon I promise
The social networking network's got your back.
#Devils are up 1-0 on the #Rags. Watch out
has an environmental captain @ their locations who ensures energy is not wasted 2 watch their carbon footprint. Cool Beans!
Where did yall sit last night? Message me next time you're at a game, homie.
- hell yea make that money
#raw10 I tell People, dont put your trust in Man, put it in God. 4 real, Man will let u down. Example: Like LeBron James did 2 Cleveland.
If you must self medicate, do so with riffs.
we had your bean burgers! (I added a dash of Chinese 5 spice- I hope you don't mind!) Happy
Yep! RT Gotta love me! I'm fabulous my darlings!
Sounds like a hater lol
"Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time."- Arnold H. Glasow
you're welcome Chef!
Wendy's is better than McDonalds
Nice!! Have a great time buddy!!
RT :"If I had not existed, someone else would have written me, Hemingway, Dostoevski, all of us." -William Faulkner
haha! aight aight - well shoot, someone's singing adele on the voice? I wanna see it!
S Sounds fun!
I have the amazing privilege of doing social media and video production at in downtown Portland.
on it
When I hear neighbours practicing guitar through open windows I kinda want to start playing everything back at them dueling banjos style.
Allen West says it's collectivist to think individuals should be free to express their individuality.
High as a motherfucker :-) yeahh buddy!
You're Anna's SIL, huh? That's really cool! :)
Do you suffer from an enlarged prostate? Have you tried saw palmetto? Check out my blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
I agree=) I have some ideas about that too!=)
queer readings easily?"
goodmorning! I meant to hit you back and I will
USC Dornsife Scientific Diving: Marine Ecology from Antarctica to Micronesia
Don't forget, there's an sandwich going on in my head right now starring Anne Hathaway and Kristen Bell.
I just need to work a little harder maybe.
Hey michele what's up ? Had fun yesterday with you guys and I had fun talking to you :)
Thanks, I appreciate it. I'll let you know. Crazy times right now.
Blue and Silver game today. The last high school football game I will EVER cheer at <3 :'( I will give it my BEST.
In such a bipolar mood today
watching every episode of #thesecretlifeoftheamericanteenager so bored
Her daddy touched her at night & Casey actually died on the 16th by drowning.
Full Blown AIDS
wait, you have Jordans number!!! i wish i could call him!
I'm @ The Grove
cool! I guess I'll stay an unofficial member. Good thing. Gives Mitt plausible deniability for my twitter terrorism!
#SinceWeAreBeingHonest Just face it. All you're doing is setting yourself up.
I'ma always b there for my niggaz real talk
Or: more prosaically, no one Googles verbs.
"That video was smoother before - you need to go to YouTube and see the real thing. These kids have a chance - they just need lunch."
ok so the can queen can beat the can king
Dinner at our house lol
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. --Abigail Adams
After Herman Cain's blunders, especially his one on abortion, I searched for the candidate for me. That candidate is Dr. Ron Paul.
eat the turkey leg and should eat the corn dog
Omg thank you
Match Sum Dawg....
love you too hahaha
I hear that place makes a mean Garden Burger! Especially, that one guy. ;)
Forecast for Friday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69 near...
Thanks for spreading the social media knowledge.
Looking for a good "Getting Started" guide for Nokia Education Delivery... cc
Get a workout in Boo.
IT'S FRIDAY and TIME FOR SOME GREAT MUSIC AND FOOD! DORIS LONG WILL BE IN THE HOUSE WITH THE JOE HUNTER TRIO TONIGHT AT 7:00
Q3) Learning is not all fun and games
note: now following 444 people. was told angels might be nearby. if so, next time use my clock. tired of seeing 2:42 repeatedly. thanks.
imagine if everytime u put something in your harddrive , your harddrive would get heavier .
Does this argument make sense to you? "Since you've given up some privacy, therefore don't complain if asked to give up more"
you better believe it!
👍RT: Attn World: on my bucket list: to have shoot one of my projects. Just putting that out there universe.
Take over the world while these haters getting mad!
Shout out to them
did someone leave dog poop in the big room?
We just emailed our Father's Day Specials!
Today is National Coming Out Day. RT if you are out and proud and/or support your LGBTQ friends and family.
... I have a feeling I'm not leaving work until midnight.
cool name
that's awesome! I'm from Seattle but my dad is taking my best friend and me!
just heard the new joint homie. Ur on the way son keep hustlin
the nigga at the citgo right now so lame bruh.
A friend of mine started this one, she said it was easy! This is just my second time joining in, I'll see what I can find out! :)
Do you need a pick me up, a jolt of energy? Come in or drive thru and grab one of our premium coffees or a Cappuccino, Latte or Mocha
I recently received a first refusal for a Pennsylvania Lottery commercial.
Does it bother DEMS that OBAMA is fundraising with M&Ms ? ( Misogynists, Marxists & Morons ) ?
Looks like it's beer:30! Hello weekend!
Laying down with my snuggie & reading some of quotes <3 he know how to cheer people up (:
I'm so sick of the fucking dial tone. Fucking pick up the phone when I call. It's not that fucking complicated. I'm so angry.
I use Pinterest for sharing PR articles with my PR Students and also for sharing personal things I like. Very different uses
Anyone have Indesign CS5 and can down save a file for me?
just stay up till lunch then your good
Just FYI, if your profile pic is a shopping cart, I won't follow you back.
dtp artists, tk n cash is the most recent artist development ive done, focus more on marketing
Wow. Just goes to show that our outlook on life is the most important tool we have for success.
Having fun putting together preshow/intermission/post-show music for my Mizzou New Play Series plays.
After one inning, North Texas leads FIU 2-0.
So pumped to see the hunger games with and !
In honor of 10 days of #SXSW, 2ay EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
Minnesota Lynx beat Silver Stars 85-75 - Silver Stars lose sixth in a row.
Who's headed to downtown for ArtWalk tonight?
i like that
Who has
I really let my blog fall through. Ill probably stop being stingy by next week...
#DickClark factoid: Who wrote "American Bandstand" music theme? Barry Manilow.
Florida getting more clean shots against UofL zone than any team I have seen in awhile
Live by the 3, Die by the 3... Take a 3!
i just miss m&ms. I cannot tolerate dairy... no dairy for shari
haha, were they doing that bad that you changed the channel ?
14 miler easy long run fueled by & never felt stronger in my1:47of running.
Skin tip:#mint has antiseptic/anti-inflammatory properties. Gr8 4 treating #acne insect #bites #stings. Find mint juice @ health food stores
It takes courage to fight breast cancer!
BOW DOWN BITCHES. Adele is THE queen.
