When the fuck do tattoo parlors open around here jees louise
I have been a HUGE Power Ranger fan since I was a little girl! So I wish you the best of luck!
schedule is coming together. lots of goodies to choose from...
Hello everyone follow these great new artist they would love your support.
Only if ur bleeding. guess the dogs are finally standing up to the asian community eh o.0 jk
Kept his average reasonably high I guess. But more likely just too many other chickens to fry on that team right now.
loves his family & looks forward to spending time with them this weekend. No school, work or business deals. Just my camera & family. :)
: What?! It's true. lol
Good luck Obama
#nowplaying Bittersweet Symphony, The Verve
Fresh 2 def. .. Verbal Finesse mixtape is in the streets!!! Get Ur copy!!! Fux wit us!!!
The coffee berries turn from yellow to orange & then bright red, 6 - 8 months after flowering.
Tonight's #ActsofInheritance is a pre-show Salon Chat hosted by the Park Heights See you at 6pm!
A nigga be in da club flossin money but wont spend shit
Lots planned for today, and now that my hangover's done I can actually get started.
the runaways suit you!!
That peace-mongering son of a bitch, Ron Paul. And the nerve of all that non-violence bullshit on MLK day.
Mr. Sandoval, dry-clean my dream.
#TOPMUSIC Lily Allen is reportedly "lining up lots of music projects" following the birth of her daughter at the end of last year.
I thought the Tesla was 100k.
Gonna cover #SomethingToDanceFor by I love what the song stands for and her voice is amazing.
Lunching at laikon cafe in greektown, where they have served me a plate of beets. This is my new favorite place of all time.
I forgot I have a radio show tomorrow and now I can't sleep.
Damnit, While in a Zyrtec-stupor I sleptwalk'd and ate my yogurt & candybar last night. I'm going to have a very barebones luch today.. :O/
At #sexualcultures conference for the day! With and , awaiting 's gaga feminism keynote
Call us - we would like to host your next event.
#SM fans check us out at www.healthscapepartners.com a new idea 2 control healthcare costs 4 employers - business social media!
Sisqo, or reverse psychology?? Haha rt: don't take off all YOUR clothes!”
me me me me me!
You're MY best friend! #IDONTSHARE!!! XD
starting monday
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : )
State Dept is now saying the "war on terror is over" surely this means the TSA will be dismantled. Doesn't it? DOESN'T IT?
thank you ! love you too !
Really Buck? You go to Kevin Gregg when the game still means something?
First time trying Persian food!!
As a father you only wanna deal with a woman with kids (2max)..lol or an older/very mature woman who understands your job as a father.
Thanks for hangin last night! Hope to see you soon :)
Good company. TY Cool peeps
SO SWEET
How about, Brendan Conway... No Gimmicks Necessary!
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
I've always wanted to see his Anthropophagus remake!
Taking on the land-bridge hypothesis. at
Here I am, just for you in the dark moving hands to find my way reaching for a chance and the words to say
you said if i followed thebieberbear you world get me 80 followers
I struggle to keep up with my emails, but because of my type of work, I'm probably more inundated than most.
Who we really are is always there, expressing it is what makes us powerful, wonderful, and beautiful.
TGIF. Have a great weekend everyone
“: As would say, "let me help you." *blocked*” // Hahahahahaha!
Yeah I think I just really like the format. So positive and constructive!
haha glad you enjoyed it. he was so good!!
If I hear one more thing about Trayvon Martin I'm going to kill myself. Him being shot had NOTHING to do with race #STFU jesus
Captain america! he could save my ass anyday lol
Great night at The Highlight Factory. The Hawks clinched home-court advantage and I met Mississippi native Brandy.
Lib friends, pls help! Looking for an obscure DVD, The Manns: Novel of a Century (2001), in German w/Eng subtitles. Need to buy
RIP Whitney Houston!! What is your favorite Whitney song?
Are the Jets fans yelling We want Ingram?
Be careful not to place anything hot on your marble countertops, and use ceramic or stone containers instead of metal to avoid rust stains.
good thing we didn't have the event in the courtyard!
No no no.....hope you found a nice pad.
Yo momma is so dumb she thinks Obama's stimulus package is in his pants.
just wanted to say I love you so much! please follow me!! it would mean the world to me!
follow me!!
Came home from choir to find the entire family asleep in our bed. At 6pm. Buh.
Back in LA and now heading to Phoenix for a quick work trip. Work Hard Play Hard 2011 is ON! No holding back this year. Wide Open.
I got a very interesting DNA structure & exquisite physique.
doing a four page paper for a test on your birthday < appreciating all the birthday love
was so cute at the awards with her blue slushie mouth ;p
M14Hoops Holiday Skillz Camp Starts Tomorrow!!!!
sounds good snatch ☺
English AP test tommorow and this. Great.. AWESOME
Amazing how it sneaks up on you. Both my kids are in double digits now
love your blog!
Why am I short
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves" makes me think of
can smell that pussy from here
Oxy Mo: Local Long Distance
woohoooo! Glad to hear it! hahahaha :D
That convo was boring.
Lovely afternoon in Harvard square with #loveboston lol
bidding on a phonograph horn.
Looking forward to a weekend of doing NOTHING (almost).
That's very kind of you to say. Thanks for sharing! :D
Ya can have Drake I have rhianna
": Alright alright alright" you gon learn today!!
Hell yeah!! Glad we got something out of it!
Happy Birthday!! Hope you enjoy it to the fullest!! Best wishes to u ;)
And you are still beautiful.
show me the fucking spinning beach ball one more time
more than 500+ that signed(: congrats
The lobby at Bankers Life Fieldhouse is packed with people lining up to take free throws to win Pacers playoff tickets from Pat McAfee.
Eminem is the best, he raps about life, his problems not weed, drugs or girls. His life in words. ♥
Love of God overflow
Cramps so bad i could cry -__- fuuuuck this.
I'd be a cool ass probation officer lol
Who wants to hang out
your icon is precious. ;3
#iplspring a producer may not have a monopoly on features that give a competitive adv. due to visual appearance to consumers (aest. funct.)
yes please I miss you!
I'll wear the sundress and bring leggings. Compromise.
on a foggy chicago night, why aren't you dressed as Batman, navigating the streets? :)
I LOVE how the #T'wolves move the ball around the court.
#ThingsWeSayToThePolice, "WHAT?!?...My license is suspended!?!?
Hanging out with the awesome hangliding guys who are having a hanglide exhibit set up tomorrow in the Rio 24 theater lobby. It's huge!
so how's my voice different!? Hahah is it a bad thing? :p
lets go mets i remember that as a kid growing up in queens
I thought deposits were on the 15th? I was pleasantly surprised earlier today to see the extra MSP in my account. :)
Happy Birthday America!
Why sleep when you can sketch NYE cellophane dress designs?!
haha thats nice & oh my gosh thats so true your getting old lol(:
Pizza #Psych and my
64 mas followers & were so far away... we'll have the cool Twitter & FB logos goin on the back soon..thats the key huh
The BootCamp fellowship review is underway at this moment!
Only on Fb to network this page. Forget the rest.
omg i need part 28 !!
IPhone, tablet, and laptop are all updating at the same time. I better check the Playstation 3 too.
thanks for following us!
Chun: Climate is inconceivable without computation.
you should apply for this show.. Since you quit today.. Only 1 problem... You'll have to follow the rules
Good work, boss. :-p
my bad I jut left my Xbox on I'm eating dinner then I'll be on
Thinking about applying rdg st focus wall to my math instruction to make a math focus wall
Yes, yes I do! (lol)
Best of luck. Voting closes tomorrow!
thanks for the retweet, Dan! \m/
thinks off her feet! tee hee.
On the plus side i saw Brandon's momma and brother <3 that's always a plus for me. (:
RT : Looking for an internship in Detroit this year? has goal of filling 750 this year.
#Lin he's my favorite player
Congrats on your upcoming appearance. I look forward to watching.
I am going to crack this Phibb Zero and enjoy watching the Lions lose. If you can't tell I am rooting for the Saint tonight.
Lakers please don't make me made tonight..... Goodness
Rip Junior Seau. I grew up watching this guy wreak havoc on offenses. Condolences to his family and Charger nation.
We rock the world one jacket at a time www.varsityjackets09.com www.lettermanjackets09.com www.varsityjacketspittsburgh.com
my bestfriend is madly in love with you guys. and she just introduced me to you guys. your amazing! :)
I love u very much <3
: I'm just finishing up my first year of a two year MA program. It's whizzing by!
hey sarah would you follow me!?(:
#JustRememberThat he cheated on her with you, he'll cheat on you too
What a delicious day!!!
Live Fast Die Young <3
I HATE talking to you.... because it brings back memories I forced myself to forget. Follow me #Beliebers n guys.. I AUTO FOLLOWBAK. Swaggy
- Welcome! I have heard that Shen Yun is a great show! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
This is it i'm gonna die! I am in the need for a watermelon slushy from sonic! :(
what's the latest? You'll find out coming up at 5AM on
Ooh baby... Btw, U wanna make a million dollars? No joke. I'm gonna call u later :)
Almost finished with Into Thin Air. Need to decide on my next book for my #NonfictionAugust. Torn between The Wave and Escaping North Korea.
Then have to fold top 2 on super wet flop. Was right. Next hand my AJ<88 on AJ8 flop. Dealer didn't listen to my 3BET 'No Coolers' t-shirt.
does "Larry" Fishburne count?
I am slow too! Maybe we can start by going around the harbor. :)
Join on Wed. 2/15 @ 1pmET for a live chat with filmmakers and violence “interrupters”
You know I'll take you to another world
When it comes to getting ready in the mornings, I HATE GUYS. I wish I could wake up 5 minutes before I had to leave.
Hottest Mexican next to me on the bus >>>
Second that - list of pastors attending would be helpful
Will you be there? Can I order Franks Drink at work?
Enjoyed viewing your trailer. Now I can't wait for the movie!
Got My Mind On a Million Before I Turn 25
Thanks for MTs and RTs earlier this week.
GOOD MORNING FOLLOWERS I APPRECIATE EVERY DAY GOD GIVES ME
Jim Ladd signed with Sirius XM Radio, starts mid-January on Deep Cuts channel 27
Don't tell me how hard it is when you steady bs'n
COOL! We've been trying to figure out how to do a table and terrain for
If you didn't join us at Johnny's for LFC-City, that's ok... Dom Dwyer did... :)
it's God's will to HEAL.
ok - that smoothie was awesome! might need daily delivery :)
Thanks fellas. We are not worthy!!!
That Mike Tyson interview is one of the best videos I have ever watched, glad to see Meek Mill used it.
Stock Price - Bid - Ask - Spread - Liquidity !
I hate being single :/
I feel like the only little geek in the world that's not in Austin.
Boston Bruins v Ottawa Senators for me tonight. I am sure it will be pucktastic.
Sting on foot is now swelling nicely.
First 6 minutes of the game was so deceiving
sweet home Alabama! Lol.
RT: Morning Peeps. Start of another week and we got some stuff to move you. New ...
Goals for tomorrow: Get a bike, Get a beer, and Get on a patio.
metal \m/
This double shot of espresso is definitely medicinal.
What do you think of Beyonce's baby name: Blue Ivy Carter??
Travis.L.Brownell, you're still my favorite boy and i love you to death. <3 you'll always be in my life. :)
No truth to the rumor that Comet Lovejoy survived its close encounter with the Sun because it's made of fruitcake.
I would of never guess that shit ever..I was like #whattheheck is #oomf haha #thanks for updating my ol ass on
Got a bank account and a website(work in progress) running!
THIS Sat (12/3) B-Day celebration for us We're kicking off at Shotz off the lobby then in the casino. Come hang out!!
yay! So you like it, notice a difference after using?
Thanks for the follow.
Good Nite Hopefully our #Braves can hold on to and add to this lead. |> /> |> /> |>
In the Orville & Wilbur exhibit at Air & Space Museum: "Curiously, no one in Elizabeth City knew much about Kitty Hawk or how to get there."
We're in the research phase--and it's very interesting. How some museums are turning themselves inside out for their visitors.
APPETIZER - JUMBO PAN-SEARED DIVER SCALLOPS fennel, cilantro, orange-lime vinaigrette
that last part is true.
thanks! They look Rad!
Travel broadens the mind...
Is your pet's food making it sick? Time to get that great food produces great health. Natural or holistic doesn't mean it's all that good!
But what will we do with all the guns? Maybe I can go to gunsmith school and then make art with my skills? More sustainable?
bout what?
kept those at work for our dining pleasure tomorrow! you're only allowed one - you got too hyper hahaa
Fine designer jewelry specials. Just in time for the holidays 15% off January and February Birthstones!
It's like the soundtrack of Once out here.
Too bad we can't relegate poorly performing MLB teams to the minors. I love my #Orioles but they shouldn't be in the majors right now :(
Your dome rocks and I forgot Bebe's name! Will post more for you both later.
I won a whopping $18 on a final horse race at my church. But, it was named Cruz! thats a good sign for the Giants next Sunday! :)
Thank you!
Aw wittle Dulce!!!!!!! That's such a cute pic of you guys!
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone say it's dead when really u just took it off the charger
guys dont forget about the shiloh / capcanes wine tasting tonight 6-9 pm at the store...
so i got a question, do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement?
depends on your sensibilities. I'm not a huge fan of tortury fare, but horror fans dig it.
Freebie | Printable Father’s Day Cards
Thank you for that beautiful tweet. Would you like to check out our prayer-app? www.birdofprayer.org
ching chong wing wong can't understand ya...WHITE POWER
#IfIHadThePower to lower the prices of everything in this world, i would
so true!! You go get em sister!! The funny will find you! Xoxo
who decides what goes into an index?
it took 2 hours to bake a nutella cake it better be the best fucking cake I've ever eaten
they don't take it off. they have that shit permanently adhered.
you loved they played the halftime in America commercial. Let the world hear the roar of our engines.
People always say what do you like most? well i dont wanna brag, i dont wanna boast. I always tell em........ I LIKE TOAST.
don't come we'll have some extra food cuz u no u eatin for 2 hahahhahahahah
ill be seeing you out at PRO BOWL man.. good job btw. and congrats..
im soo happy they still play the boy meets world episodes!! Could u please follow me, a big fan of urs, back??
I tried to watch a Tyler Perry film recently and realized that I had done nothing but cringed for 15 minutes before switching it off...
Just saw the Aperture Science test subject acquisition vehicle.
Sluggy is late. Guess I will sleep then. :P
Eating pizza and chips, chillin over my grandma!
Trying to even this soccer tan is a fucking MISSION!!!! :O
I'd love to, but I have plans earlier. We'll have to meet up tomorrow. :)
when ever a TV show comes on that we care about it is like OMG stop what your doing and watch it.
I swear my phone
Thanks for attending the presentation!
at moon town inn?
Don't know what to make of today's market "tribute" to 9/11.Dow -350 to even by close?Heroic or pathetic?I think latter if it plays that way
Check our website for more answers to bankruptcy questions for a debt free future.
RT : I am an only child, that makes me cooler than you. 👸<---sounds pretty boring to me lololol
Screen Actors Guild cannot locate Anderson Cooper's mom Gloria Vanderbilt or the heirs of his dad Wyatt Cooper.
should be a chef. Roasted broccoli in terriyaki/soy/sesame oil = sar's new fave!
will have a chat with Chron!
You know what would be really good with that? A couple patties of ground beef! LOL! RT : Best black bean burger in Bloomington.
Happy New Year Mahomies!!!!! <3 :D Hope everyone has a great new year full of happiness and no regrets! -Maria
A giant table of breakfast treats was just rolled to my door to bribe folks to come meet me.
We have a new Veggie Soup available! Rustic Tomato Soup with Garbanzo Beans!
congrats! And stalking your past tweets--how'd the Episcopal Church branching out go (asks the Episcopal priest)
jamming to some hellz yeah! :D freak the freak out.
if i started following more people from school, my rants would deff get me in more drama haha
Get it cleaned up and get the hell out of town
hamels is wiry.
Raise your weapon and it's over
um my boyfriend would love this!
or you fanning us while we tan
. I'd give the edge to Ben. Frankly though, neither has much to brag about.
@ hiya you!
best of luck w/ Sterling Farms. Noble venture needed in NOrleans & other cities.
I'm un-motherless ain't got no mom nor dad.. this undie it's by it's own! living with his 2 buddies Penis[Nickyballz] & Butt HELL YEAH!
Thanx for the rec. I'll check him out.
i like your background!!
what to do !
Last class of the day, softball game tonight at jc fields.
Bring me my money tomorrow!
You left me to sink.
just video downloads and extras. This is a 77 year old man and 38 year old woman.
Poised Creation remains a selective group that relies on word of mouth and recruitment procedures!
THROAT STOP HURTING!
As someone who has ALWAYS hated running, that is way impressive. Go you guys!
I think the Airlines should let you exit a plane on the inflatable slide on your birthday.
In fact, Iguodala hasn't made a shot outside the paint since the first quarter.
good afternoon to all..hope yu having blessed day! peace
which girl to chose
John Smoltz, because he was awesome whether starting or saving a game.
jacks bar sf...nice
Look on the bright side, you used to be a lot uglier
I know, right? I think May 7th was the only date my head could keep up with.
Starbucks delivered! Whatcha having?
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. -~Winston Churchill
women fight back. Stop having sex with Republican men!
Marketing summary- older age audience = go traditional Middle age group= go digital Younger audience= old school is the new school.
u really need a fuckin life
Hello! We work with court reporters, CART writers, lawyers and proofreaders, and we look forward to reading your tweets!
Different types of comedies, though. I definitely laugh more at Cougar Town and Parks than any other show on TV.
Another beautiful day! Mid 80's and abundant sunshine.
I think you mean Junior Bacon Asperger's.
i am a nice guy and i never mean any harm, but if I win I will at least send one harmless flirt your way
Love your enemies. It will confuse them and they will start envying you.
Trying to text with acrylic nails..
Good Night Twitter world...(having a 9-5 sucks)
Why nobody's following :( follow her and ill follow you back.mention me when you do
Just finished most of my song, now all I have to do is make up lyrics
Would've thought that Nick Nolte might look like Santa Claus with a tan
I only know love when its followerd by you .
You are an amazing person and I wish you a life of happiness and greatest.
quoting imprinted lighter. Did you know there are HazMat fees involved with shipping lighter? Only ground shipping allowed.
OMG you're TWEETING! This is my chance to tell you I love you & miss you.
Bodybuilding Guidelines to Help You Make Faster Progress
It's time to put in work
#dhtrial tension as everyone wonders if a verdict will beat todays deadline for 30 minutes prenotice before in court announcement?
thanks I've added you:) x
Writing my daily blog posts for www.iheartonenote.com. Thanks to twitterers for inspiration.
Hi to all! And, #wave back at Martin!
It's the NYC spiral: so much pleasure, so much debt.
I really hate when I text someone and they can't take the time to put their thoughts in logical order.
Being able to help homeless mothers & families with a portrait of their family for mothers day was truly a blessing
Is there a book called, "Reading For Dummies"? If so, is there another book called, "Irony For Dummies"?
Come along baby we're living in a kaleidoscope world
oh my goodness! I hope God brings you some comfort during such a sad time. I am so sorry that you are hurting!
: yep got it! I'm on it fam
RT : Looking for 20 more volunteers for Eat. Run. Hope. Should be a really fun (and delicious) day. DM me if you're interested.
I'm GIR now. Yay!! And I have a muffin. M, muffins. (Derpy Whooves referenced as i said muffins)
Austin Powers>>>
I know people love but their boarding process stresses me out.
It'd be really nice if my brother acknowledged my presence and realized how much it kills me that he's ignoring me completely.
Fibber, that's not your mom, that's an older sister. :D You both look stunning.
Consider this payback for dominating every tennis golf tournament you participated in.
it was just a dream! :(((
I NEED A NEW CAR
Happy holidays all
Next week's Majors & Minors Is going to make me cry so hard i dont want it to endd:(( but i love you guys:) can u follow me plz
Tomorrow! Come to Turner Hall for the Urban Garage Sale! We'll be there, along with TONS of other vendors! CHEAP, AWESOME DEALS!! 10am-4pm!
Anybody know WHY Steve Jobs just resigned as CEO of #Apple?
Just saw this: come visit me ! Here till 2am! Good crowd :-)
That's great to hear! RT : I've seen them at
I hear "Go to bed already" way too often. Sorry people, but going to bed isn't going to make me rich OR famous. #nosleepyheadhere ;)
RT : See our friend and Cat #BarTabofRassilon on The Ultimate-TV Monday 9pm Channel19 CAN-Tv, Chicago
"I was able to focus on managing other aspects of the event while SignUpGenius took care of the scheduling details." ~Anne-Marie Lofton, TX
Avengers and Game of Thrones today, I'll take it
yes we'll work on that!
I'm sleepy
93 walden with some nice pressure down the stretch! Defense gets 1 more turnover when they needed it! 14 wins in a row!
long story short.. real talk.. keep it one hundred.. your a bitch.
looks absolutely beautiful tonight :)
I wan't your snapback. its swagged out lol
That's an amazing time for a glove flip, Mr. Andrus.
My 2 best finds in the Steam sale: Defense Grid ($2.50) and Shattered Horizon ($5)
Adonde tan peinada??? Hey hey hey
Sick I ain't go to school 2day
": #thatawkwardmomentwhen you walk by someone's house and it reeks of marijuana." It was so awk.
IT'S A WRAP!!! Thanks to all the CAST and CREW for doing an amazing job!!!
I absolutely love 's tweets <3 :)
That's funny, John.
Q4 My library could use volunteers, but the MLS students never wanna shelve books. "I wanna work w/kids!" No. Shelve books already.
WOW-I am impressed AO, really impressed. David owes you a present.
cuz really dont text me back
Mistakes Were Made will be playing in Clarksville this coming Friday, July 15th @ The Coup!
Update-4-Secret Stall Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off if u park in secret stall. Hints given-Hint:The lucky stall either 20,21 or 22.
i'm not scared of thunder. just the fact that it may cause a tree to fall on my house is what scares me. &¡&Ø=Þ#
It would probably be inappropriate for me as a pastor to ask to have my picture taken w/Ronnie Woo Woo, but I'm tempted.
dont forget to enter that contest thing.
I think I'm in love!!!! Lol jk
Tryin to get good tonight
looking at cards
It is the fashion capital, i.e., more expense. Saw a great suit for me today until I saw that it was pushing 2,000 euro. Nope--off the list.
argh - if only MARC trains ran late night
yes, fresh mozzarella, basil leaves, greens, Romas
It's not too early to start drinking. It's 7. I know ppl in bed right now.
congrats, Tanis! Quite a feast, quite a feast!
": sounds like a plan! We'll have a girls night out." Chuck's in for quite a good time :)
I'm always at school when you do a ustream:(
DailyHookahTip#106: It's considered offensive in some countries to pass the hose with the tip facing them. So loop it in your hands.
I want another tat!
ur eye is off the ball. Condoms thrown at Catholic school girls? Flag burning? Vandalism? Don't you want to make a difference?
love procrastinating with 's tweets
It's your birthday in Paris!! I think that counts double! Joyeaux Anniversaire!
4/25/1785->W Grayson:It is scarcely imagined that any man or society who incline to possess a township would purchase w/o viewing the Land
Check out the food is kosher and delicious.
It's ironic how Americans spend the most money all year buying new things the day after we say we're thankful for what we already have.
everyone is telling my "oh you suck stop drawing you're gonna kill me!" ok fine i will stop drawing fuck all you haters i will stop drawing
little reverse psychology there...
Come to help at the #alhambra art walk, but I come too late. At least I helped clean! :/
did you get her digits?
is live at #Duffy's 420 W Diversey in Chicago we are throwing down with #Bartab. Come by and we will buy you some drinks
very true!!
booze time
Possible St. Brice's Day massacre victims found in a mass grave in England, dated to 11th century. #vikings #archeology bit.ly/pTOG09
Good morning continental breakfast
I want to be every little thing that you want, that you need, that you breathe.
You got my voicemail, yes?
Hey can all ages get a jersey tonight?
Why is Ruthless Rye so good?
It's like deja-vu, all over again!
thanks man
follow me back on instagram when you get a chance
Saw you on #ThePitch. Nice work!
": Everything is boring now, not having you around" aww thanks bro
We no longer accept personal checks. Sorry for the inconvience. Thank you!
ugh i cant go nowhere cus of that obama thing -_-
Followed (: x
M spaghetti
Yall dont 4get to follow my boy the man hustles #realtalk April 27th we at the House of Blues DfW where u at.
Farewell Dawkins. One of the best Eagles of all time. Hands down my favorite.
Completely stuck trying to come up with an idea for this Scott Pilgrim T-shirt contest. : /
Happy Birthday USA!
Im seeing.... Im seeing... Karey coming in late as hell.
#ReasonsToLoveTexas it's the best country in the world
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Out and about in the Time Square area. I' ve gotta say...tourists drive me nuts.
one of the all time great non-deals was when the Braves didn't give him huge $.
Yeah, but how many times have you heard the words, "Kubiak got out coached by..."?
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
hi tony, how much is it to dry clean 2 suits? Last time I had them done, I think there was a 3 for 2 offer.
We are creating an educational video about interview skills for students. We are looking for professional volunteers to offer advice on film
yes! glad you're keeping that one in rotation.
Wait... you're friends with and ? How the hell did you get so cool? LOL
around the mid 20s...they're actually pretty young
My manager just asked me if I knew how to make copies.
I always knew that hyphens were my friend.
Maxine is actually on #Raw?!? What's the occasion?
just seen a bunch of hoodlums riding around the Ridge in a black hummer. Any guesses who was at the helm? Haha.
Takes short cuts in life you'll come up short.
Believe it or not, I think the Internet has run out of things that interest me
agreed. It's "archival material" but not an archive.
#RObotz hows the contest still going?
At least a week #586 - I realize it is busy, but I've been without my phone for 6 weeks now. It came back still broken :-(
Beastie marathon in between meetings.
get a tattoo today?! lol i will on my spring break
But now I can't concentrate on my homework with your little post, man.
WS council public safety comm. votes unanimously to let occupy camp downtown.
What's good TRUUF let me no something
YAYAYAYAYYAAYYAAYA IS IT??
friend of mine just went, might be moving to Dubai...her pictures were amazing
Trying not to judge things unconsciously is hard to do.
Thanks! RT Great article! Lex needed this! Story on the most influential Lexington tweeters: bit.ly/p3jrz5
The next 7 days or so are going to be crazy busy...why does everything always happen all at the same time??!!
Love has within it a redemptive power. And there is a power there that eventually transforms individuals. ~ MLK Jr.
About to go to church.
thats ok :) just write what u r thinking :)
no problem lady. :)
On my way to mandalay!
yes- that's Lisa with an s- not Lisa with a z.....
from over exhaustion because he told me he's been awake for 2 days straight because of his job.
Just woke up and pinched myself. Last nite was not a dream. The keg was rocking, and now the #Brewers have home field.
The high school I'm going to next year is so shitty.
Joined the gym today!!! This is my year to get in top shape...threw out junk food too!!!
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country. Kurt Vonnegut
did you lose it?
yoooo I'm in the lockz
I think I'm getting an ear infection :/
True, true.
Does anyone know how to export contacts from LinkedIn? I tried and get a csv.txt file.
Ray Lewis witnessed a murder. Donte Stallworth killed a man. Kobe and Big Ben raped women. Why is Joe Pa getting bashed so harshly?
Anger plied on top of anger is not good for people with a short temper
#MSR asked "what am i learning about myself? what is my purpose?"
hey :) nice to meet you!
BIG announcement...in a PPC track ;) "Advanced Testing & Reporting"
What is there to do today I've been in the studio all day tryna relax n vibe out who wanna chill?
I hit the following limit =.=
Its been too long & im lost w out you.
At the gym mad I can't watch Obama on Out of ten screens half are sports that's Ok but 1 is on ? Not okay.
you and your other half done with school right? and im not talkin about mandi lol
A small bird keeps trying to peck its way through the office window. Worms are greener?
We will be performing at the Relay for Life of Madison County on June 8th.More details to come!
at least it's not peecan.
Enjoying the conference re: measuring the intrinsic impact of arts. 1st question - Why do you do art?
Scotty and James rocked it!
There is a light that never goes out
Your amazing and I don't know why I love u do much but I do oh and jolt follow me bye
I miss the sound of your voice <3
I am so wore out right now. Putting furniture back in the front room and putting Xmas decor up
Jessica Simpson named her baby girl Maxwell. Now tell me, what the hell is wrong with people??
IDK I doubt it though, it'd be easier for me to go saturday or sunday :x
What an amazing TD run by Blount
Under Wisconsin law, one can set up a defense fund only if one is the target of investigation. (2 of 2)
we try to deliver full coverage, bob.. even when it's brief- don't want to get caught with our pants down
Who would honestly write a childrens book, about a kid being on a diet? Don't kids already have low self-esteem?
At the May 2012 Leaders Breakfast where representatives from 10 industries are giving an overview of the Fredericksburg economy.
Hello no-beard face. Monique missed you!
Just answered an as for some one looking for a Sexy Sax man impersonator for their party. Possible new career move? I think yes.....
I need a guy with "The Truth"
Learn to count your blessings and you'll be blessed even more. ;-)
i dont quite know how to say how i feel
you need to tale care of her?
Friday!! Good Morning everyone! I will be delivering chosen photos to Pups Paradise between 2-4 today! Have a wonderful day!
Whoever just threw a fucking burger at me is a fucking pussy
I miss you too!! What happened to going to BC?
If a team takes Ryan Tannehill at No. 3 in the #NFL Draft, they are going to seriously regret it. He's a second round player.
Can't wait to rock with you guys this weekend!We're hitting the Stadium Grill on Oracle this Friday @ 9pm. Hope to see you their!
Sleepy. Finna go home & jump in my bed.
Look for (the bald guy with a gray Dallas Basketball shirt on) at the today.
Here I go. :D bye bye.
Spanish test tomorrow.
in other news, water still wet RT : #SFGiants 2B Freddy Sanchez now has injured lower back, to get MRI exam via mgr Bruce Bochy.
Skinneys is a fantastic restaurant for Southern cuisine. And the steaks are impeccable !
Girls who get mad when you call them a hoe, even thou they sleep with every guy in school...
got stung by a bee yesterday and it still hurts like someone punched me.
Happy Birthday precious woman!!! May today's blessings bring wonderful memories for all of your tomorrows!!
“: Always good to catch up with the bro! Miss you ” miss you too sis! Better find some time so come up next quarter!
♥! We hope in the first round. RT Denver's new Clyfford Still Museum is a knockout.
Las Vegas social networking capital of the world, shows we have tech workers now bring us those jobs
Disgusted by "Susan B Anthony List" use of Susan B Anthony in their name. Susan was NOT a social conservative, her views were progressive
Make Congress do the right thing says We should strengthen #socialsecurity, not cut it
Also, I hate when that man bumps his nose on the mic over and over.
Excited to be the new Dir. of Interactive Marketing - can't wait to get started!
Yes! RT Andrea Martin is a genius. I have to work with her one day. Have to. Simple fact.
zombie mode lookin for same BRAINS
Customer panel: wants to work closely with Xactly to simplify the user experience for its sales people
How much does one ugly bastard usage to ducking studder god damn i hate him I can't wait to get away from him
Standing ovation for Berman's presidential address at
your texting the wrong number
If you've ever answered questions you don't know the answers to, you've created a religion
did I tell u! To me you look hotter with short hair I like them styles on ya
yay it's not purple! 😃👍
my twitter feed assplode.
is a wanna be
It's official Jean Alesi will be running in the Indianapolis 500 with Newman/Haas Racing. They will be running a Lotus powered DW-12.
You aint Lying ! You must be Watching 106&Park right now ?
Looks like the opening of Six Feet Under. Have fun in Austin!
Insightful trip to #Indy with a group of people that want to transform
Love and do what you like
Ugh. I was comfortable for a minute so I was sticking with hockey. What the eff happened?
Goin down tonight in Venice
At Fridays on a Thursday! Hahahaha one day ahead!
I sure hope so! Haha and btw we need to hang out soon Missy you working as a DA??
Assist from to ! Way to take it big fella
Bad sign: I can't tell most of the characters apart in the new book I'm reading.
Get on shawty !
“: Isn't barking spider a yoga pose?” -if its done right, everyone watching gets a bloody nose...without being touched
Supreme BS,"I'll cut the deficit in half in my first year in office" Barry Soetoro aka Barack Obama...aka Barry Gunny...
I'm bouncing off the walls just reading this. Is the Costco candy headed throughout the country or just S.D. Co.?
Night all! Phones dead and long work day tomorrow.
Broken air conditioning in our apartment is rough. So hot 🔥
: what is "data" in the humanities? NSF defines data as "everything." Big laughs.
Coast hopping, I see. Congrats!
great. Thanks!
Have you done any looking into Michael Milken and how he backs all the Casinos?
My colleague and fellow baseball lover is at the #ABQ council meeting on Paseo project. Folo him for informative yet witty updates
Why do all guys suck
This should be interesting RT : ALA Meets w/ MacMillan, Simon & Schuster, & Penguin Execs on Ebook Lending...
Wenger seems determined to lose. Nasri had ruled Bham in previous matches. Shoulda let him do it again
Need #tax help? can #help! Households w/income of $50k or less can get taxes done at 1 of their VITA sites 4 #FREE!
Ready to head home Phi! Just another hour. I'm on Central time.
I know I can't wait (: are yall coming ?
Finally getting over Mono! YEAH BUDDY
OHP I JUST GOT ALPHA OMEGA
#AddHealth2Life Older adults are the fastest growing group on social networks! Social media is helping older adults stay socially connected!
#nbaplayoffs thinking that my next go to look should be the shaved head and the beard
Steve buscemi is hilarious in desperado
"It is precisely when we have suffered defeat that we can determine to win and open the path to future victory." ~D. Ikeda (via )
I should start on my PowerPoint
"Negative, bossy meat creature."
my man!
Johnson's contract isn't bad right now, but it will be in another year or two. He's an All-star. I'm with you on Jordan.
haha I did see you jump up and like a lil child lol. And you was swervin on somebody last night too lol.
Elton Brand has 7 points in this quarter. Before that he had 21 total pts since Game 2 against Chicago
Mommy thanks for being such an amazing mom to !(: we all love you!! #GreatestMomEver !(:
Ah last race of the season for me tomorrow D:
Why cant carmel have a carnival at the end if the school year like rydell high school.
considers going to the gym a critical step in lesson planning.
Nathan Zeldis, the current speaker at Boyercom's keynote address in NYC; has been helping #corporate leaders w/ e-mail for nearly 20 years!
We are all like the bright moon, we still have our darker side.
For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks! I'll be following everyone who follows her
Alright Forshure But My Slot Time Is At 11 Thoe
I agree.....and Cleveland is breathing down their necks
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings
Isn't Obama a moderate?
uh, cause they are part of the team?
WHAT! Just 12 more likes on our #facebook page and we're giving away 3 #free #tshirts. Like us now at facebook.com/tuesdaytees
just watched yu sing for the first time you guys are AMAZING!!
A well-earned post-run nap. I'll try not to be quite so lazy the rest of the weekend!
Thanks ☺ RT : Congrats to for graduating today!!!
That's the BEST place to have it!
email writing machine
I'm addicted to action movies, mystery, romance and drama! OMG I dont know why but I watch three at once! The commercials are big.
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
A/C goes on at 70/71. Heat goes on at 66/67. I'm a wuss. RT : your wife allows the AC on at 63 degrees?
The Distro1 Podcast....now with Google Voice! Get those prank calls ready!!
Suck My Dick! Lol
Maybe I should call my uncle and see if he wants to go work out? Cause I am actually up this early for some reason lolz...
“: "No one's life is affected by Planned Parenthood." -- Bill O'Reilly” spoken like a true middle aged white guy
The rain sucks, just makes me wna stay in bed all day
I am! Mostly 4 Mars Volta though =) “: Happy Hump Day! The week is half way over... Who's headin to Tahoe for Soundgarden tonight?”
Lets get this money!
that's not game. He's real that's why she fell for him. Lol
The Store is full of all kinds of new goodness...oh yeah and we're serving ice cold margaritas! Pics coming very very soon!
We can spin it different no problem
mussolini had a photo of his cat on his desk. franco had the mummified hand of st teresa of avila on his.
so can you tweet me a pronunciation that last name listed in your bio?
Another great #RunChat. Always good to connect with other #Runners!
Wait what? I'm totally doing this! RT : If you apply an electric current to a pickle, it will glow in the dark.
yeah, when we both were still in high school. hahaha.
Don't forget anti-worker! #mnleg #1u RT : Anti-gaming (& anti-stadium) Sen. Dave Thompson...
Do you still have "Hustle in your Heart" as one of my mentors Ms Laurie Rubidge shared. Click "like" if you still have it or want it?
Geez. I ran today & thought my lungs were going to callapse.
Where is Kim now a days?
What the hell does THAT mean???
Damn my grandpas been taking a shit since 3:30 ....
Start the New Year with your own store, OR,... just sell for FREE www.just-plug-in.com
Getting ready to start the first day of #SHDA conference meetings. Here's to a great annual event.
I have drank enough Diet Coke in my lifetime to pay for that commercial by myself.
This girl sent me naked pictures of her personality.
Welp, I won't be updating my music for a while :/
Watching independent world guards. Alter ego was great along with black gold!
Looking forward to attending Transformative Leadership Through Service Forum at American University on March 24th from 9 am – 2 pm.
agree, players said that on cam a lot
start humming something else really loud lol
😢 why are you moving so far away?! I haven't met you yet! 😔
A Team LOL RT Seriously I been working at the y for the past 4 summers this makes 5 Smh!! But I love it!
Northern Virginia Magazine will be profiling Financial Professionals in May's Issue. Please contact me to feature your services!
#TwSIG Reynol Jnco wrote paper on effect of twitter on college student engagement and grades. Students new at twitter. Group had to use it.
#Genealogy Geneablooger Radio topic tonight sounds like a MUST-Listen for all researchers using or posting others' info in trees.
I know! I think I'd keep it as a pet bc its too pretty to eat lol
“: Like #Browns are in constant PR-cleanup mode. Either way, theyre headed for another long, rough yr...” You're an idiot Silva
DONE!!! My place. Premiere. Date. RT : BTW I'd like to watch #MobWivesChicago with you. With lots of wine.
LOL!!! How true that is, my friend!!! :)
I really like that song Someone Like You, by Adele.
I want shit to go my way for once. Never will.
I cant wait til the day I dont see Rogers Centre anywhere on the #Buffalo Bills schedule
the only thing saving me this morning is caffeine and a chocolate doughnut.
beach! :D
Movie recommendation is "Teen Witch"
What a beautiful ball played by Convey, perfect onto Kamara's head.
Please follow Thanks you guys :)
I'll be posting photos from my trip to Thailand here on twitter, but for some sneak peeks check out my instagram! username: notanothertree
Lets dance what the weekend, what the night is all about lets dance grab your gf, grab your bf sweat it out lets dance
Some shoes are not meant for real estate.
Joh 14:15 If you love Me, keep My commandments.
Just dropped my Lil bro off at his Uni pub crawl.... Yep my bro ain't so little anymore :) have fun Mr Pilot
": Head hurts" sorry to hear. Excedrine works best for me. Feel better soon.
go to 102.1 page for details
As for getting the kiddos asleep...the CBeebie (sp?) show seems to have a calming effect.
Just back from Microsoft with some fantastic master architect training.
Blackberry battery getting low , ipod battery low. So finna think bout somethings and fall asleep!
I need a drink
Let your intellect guide mind and action. Control ego and desire. Your mind then becomes peaceful.
Norah Jones. new album. yep.
You're welcome, David; hope it was a big success! All is well, thank you! Hope you're having a great week!
I just read Mike Doughty's sour but revealing memoir. Hope I never hate anyone as much as he loathes his ex Soul Coughing bandmates.
yurrrp RT“: Pierce right RT : That nigga took off the correct way”
i think i would get arrested for that....
Me: I want captain crunch Bro: And I want a tight pussy but we all can't get what we want can we.? .-.
44-0 FINAL!! GO STATE!!! Thanks to everyone who came out to
ye i remember! your lucky though!
My thoughts and prayers go out to Dr Dre's family. Lost his son today. He was 20 yrs old.
Cheeky boy ;) Xx
glad you came <3
RT : RAfflecopter may be having a short outage...hopefully they will be back up soon!
Stiglitz interview, (..I wonder if anyone has tied his information asymmetry Nobel work to Open-Access, Gov transparency thinking.)
Me and helped look for prom dresses today. Shes'a growing up :')
Have you tried 's new multiplayer game? My students love it.
Isner takes first set in TB from the Djoker.
Everywhere is in walking distance, if you have the time.
Damnit , don't tempt me. Apparently the Pippa in Shark is back in stock
I want to go see Titanic 3D :)
Wow Ohio is getting fancy.
Then my sister was like look up the FBI most wanted list. Now were scared.
Eating at ihop with the family then heading home :D
every Sunday at 11 newbies by a round of coffee and the location is TBD except next sunay due mom day
"Have enough courage in 2012 to change your conduct. Learn from the mistakes you made in 2011."
Thanks for tweeting! Will we "see" you there?
TY for the tweet and feedback!
Can't get enough of #Scandal It's delicious!
let me know if you hear why, thanks!
See you there! RT : Off to Götterdämmerung this morning, the last opera in the Ring Cycle.
What cost you run for collab?
fresh steakhouse in Turkey?
@ clickflashwhirr - u have to follow me so I can dm email
I know bro.. id be lettin em down! Lol
Tribe time
If someone rejects you today - shake their dust from your feet and move on. It's the only way keep an open spirit to the things God is doing
Oh, well, then why should i can about you? Cause I can statistically group you in some group that should be dead too, right? Love is more..
Musician friends: Any of you ever successfully tape-auditioned for a summer festival, when both tape/live auditions were options?
" I don't wanna miss a thing" so I get on twitter everyday I love you brah.
Wow the cards just won't quit!
Q4) encourage brainstorming for solutions without any hidden agendas
Lewis pitched good tonight. Well done, sir.
Sometimes, you just realize that wins.
#CxEB "bring on the bohemian flirtation"
We have the 2012 backstory, quotes from Deputy Dir, & interview with 1 of doc filmmakers behind the profiles.
thanks lady! :o)
What, you're running the mini marathon this morning?? Well download the smartphone app and listen in to 1450am The Sports Buzz from 9-11!
Toured Maple Dale school on Port Rd. today. Sending 8 yr old daughter there next year. Seems like great school. Any MD parents out there?
Funny how Lebron can win MVP 3 times out of 4 seasons. But can't win a championship ring.
Lunch, is for tutoring for the rest of the school year -.-
Yes #KSMO62, what we need is a smaller crappy picture of the #SKC game because of a thunderstorm warning...in KS...in July...thanks!
Obviously you cheered for the horned frogs :)
Heading out 2 t beach. Weather has been perfect so far bt looking cloudy this morning.
you can play with mine ;))
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed is trending in Milwaukee. This is funny because I GUARANTEE mutual followers will be mentioned! Lmaooo
STUNNING disrespect for President Obama.
Hey, I can't wait for the sun to come out in LA...I've got tan lines that need my attention!
would you be the flash?
Thank you Donnie
Looks like the #Indy #Valpak office is getting lunch from #Fishers today!
How To Love -Lil Wayne
Having said that, I hope EVERYONE is having a very wonderful afternoon!! :) :) :)
We'll find you a Dario or perhaps you'll get THE Dario and he'll take you to Napoli with him next Christmas :-)
Needs advice on a good body cleanse/detox....
great minds think alone
Is this how it feels to be a Knicks fan...
Random thought Jessica Sanchez is so good. :-)
Haha. I knew you are my favorite for a reason!
{thumbs up}
What a day, just got home from the carnival. My son's friend got sick on the octopus. It was all over both of them.
Thank you all for a great chat!
Lotus deny administration rumours Sports car manufacturer Lotus is denying its owners have any plans to go into administration.
Hi, I'm Justin Bieber And my hair costs more than your house.
I'm with & on this one. All I'm hearing are complaints.
Are you at Brainstorm this weekend?
I LOVE VINTAGE LEVI.
if elected Romney promises Nasa he will renew the space race "we need to get Jesus off planet Kolob" he said in a recent statement
No ride to school, looks like i'm walking. Grreat.
Drank an excessive amount of this prickly pear margarita. I guess Gabi's driving me back to Phoenix.
I love the Jimmy Fallon Show
My heart broke :( help, me put it back together? :)
it happened. gorgeous today. :)
Working on story tonight about 18 yr old girl who went from "healthy" to paralyzed in less than 24 hrs from
Confirmed: Montee Ball has been arrested at #Mifflin2012. To be fair, trespassing in that context is a VERY minor offense.
it would help me know do i stand in your way or am i the best thing you had
How many of those are Huff?
It takes everything from you and the people that love you
Just visiting for the month, I'm heading back to Maine next week.
Ugh the werewolves on Being Human are so whiny. More vampires and maybe a zombie or two
Off to Starbucks, then hanging out w/ :)
Come help some little kids get some books and support local music at valley mills christian church next friday april 20th!
mhmmm getting hit in the face...#score cant wait
“: is this in editon to the in person giveaways?” Unrelated. Just giving away 500 hoodies via
thriftin' it and scrimping it and cheapin' it up!
Strange Brew!
Lmao ...... really angel really ???
Ladies love me! im on my cool J!
Humans are slow; computers are faster, and thus, information does not flow through networks; rather, it "bursts."
lol. It's in the works
Thanks for the shout!
young people can't find a government that does anything for them or their fellow Americans in the republican House
Hi Amy! Doing better, thx! Meds helping. Lifestyle changes. Getting back to normal...hopefully. Feeling pretty good.
Just trying to figure out how Sheriff Clarke is claiming poverty when he has three squad cars for every deputy...
These modafockas are taking forever a nigga hungry and wants to go to the library #APGOV mañana
would've been better if by the summer tho
okay I swear like I dont have to wake up early tomorrow 😒
Nope. But I am trying to pre order "The new iPad" right now the link flooded and doing too many numbers right now. Only apple
Especially because you're often trying to motivate people who don't report to you on an org chart!
PA nights
r u promoting sumthin?
Working on a new site that will have a much smoother checkout experience.
lol well it really isnt a Monday night if you havent used the phrase "dick bag" at least four times. Ps so excited for Nunus HH !!!
thank god I woke up this morning to find out that sure enough, you tweeted my ass. #Sexy,
Yea I got married to Madison and had 7 kids
Hmu.. I got that
well here they were jerks so im never going back! lol. Gonna stick to H&M and Barneys :)
Iwonder if the hawks won
have you met them? I'm from the US, VA hbu?
I've been on a strict diet for over a week so I'm allowing myself Panera. "Guys, is it socially unacceptable if I eat the entire bowl?"
Predict the Rockies Season & Win $200 Email answer to . The winner must live in Colorado. There is a tiebraker question!
follow back bro!!!! Lol
Boy do I feel sorry for you! LOL
Thanks to everybody who filled the Seaside REP last night for our Civil War show. We should have some video soon.
hey U kno a Jamie Bilbo ?
oh well life goes on ... Yolo bitches
Princeston your growing up so fast I don't appreciate that but I still love you your two years older than me yes I'm 13
Gonna play some BEASTIE BOYS this afternoon in honor of MCA.... what do you wanna hear??
I guess she didn't major in finance or math
and many others (i m a big fan)
thanks I'll get something your way this weekend sometime.
Just filed my first biz taxes. It's easy when all the numbers are 0. :)
hey numb nuts Mark was talking about that move since Watt was a senior at UW... your making an ass of yourself
After that you gotta go cause you ain't my wife !
Please, please tell me "Hello, Hologrampa!" is how Tupac was introduced when he appeared onstage at Coachella this past weekend.
...I swear
Tried the "Milwaukee" w/sweet potato chips. I'll spare my harsh criticism but I'll say Burger still has my heart.
We can keep being vocal and demanding better service. Never just accept it.
I would love to party with you. Come to Washington, DC.
Play me on Scramble With Friends! My username is: lyrensiren
It's the last day of classes -- a day for reflecting on the course and poster sessions summarizing research papers.
It is still go for launch of MSL and we are going to watch it in MBE at NASM.
It's really weird that today's my last day of class. I was looking forward to this more when I was in elementary school
Tease. RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon.
Breakroom tv is set to Pesident on the View. I'm not trying to rag on the Pres here, but he seems somewhat awkward in the setting.
ya remind me tommrow i'll tweet ya video of me from it
I am also thinking about starting a poker blog... I would have fun Las Vegas poker room information and funny things that happen at table!
do it to me by Me and 's new fav song :)
Congrats on the well-deserved promotion!
I know the perfect place, too.
I Hate That When I Look So Cute & I'm At The Mall No Guys That I Like Are There But When I'm A Total Hot Mess....!!!!
Editing on "Montgomery" is looking good! 1930's are about to come back in a ridiculous way!
Feels like I JUST finished the 1st book in the & it's time for the next. Back to my crazy writing schedule aka no sleep.
I didn't know that was a thing, you may have just made my day. Hope you have a great Friday!
Colin Firth is a very hot English actor. :)
GoodLuck..only moments to the
"Henry Thorton...I know him!...I don't know him."
Adam - What's going on in Tebow's head right now? How to master the full back position??
I refuse to believe it.
Hope your day is a great one! Yes the bio is correct : ) I do have fun.
Dang, im not even a roshon fan & that was amazing!! Good rumba song, great choreography Chelsie!!!
good morning honey...
God Chris brown go away!!!! Your not cool enough to dress like run DMC.
yea! she is a stick!!
and I'm not going to respond to that
Welcome to Twitter, Christine!
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality. Henry Ward Beecher
My attitude is based on how you treat me.
Uh Oh... RT : Nice spring day, head to and grab some fish tacos.
UUUUUURRRRRGGGHHHH If I was on Jeopardy tonight I would have won. I COUNTED THE POINTS.
No you're not.
uh, no. that's the same freakin thing!
why didn't i know about sooner?! love love love the music!
You there yet? Saw where a jet from NY to LA hit some birds and had to return to NY.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
I hate when I get sick my asthma always acts up !
r u guys at yoga yet?
My pleasure, Kari!
#IveAlwaysWantedTo start singing in the hallways at school and expect everyone else to sing with me just like on Highschool Musical (:
haha aw, no way! That pic was just saved on my phone from when I was home in December. I'll be back for Aubs' graduation tho :)
Surprisingly amazing penmanship.
: Great flicks. Pit #8 was moving: gritty, heavy, and clearly the filmmakers were (too?) involved with their "subjects."
Today: Evaluation of Systane Balance on Ocular Protection and Tear Film Break Up Time in Dry Eye (D980) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Follow our in-house stylist !!
last twit of 09'.... who is that horrible band, thats on ABC?!
Good Morning! just a quick reminder, if you are in San Diego, you can visit our locations for last minute instant auto registration tags.
No more Mr.Guy!! I'm done being so nice to people in my company trying to get over me & just focus on the future money! It's not all about>>
I let myself go. I could probably do 2 miles without crying
I finally slept 8 hours! The past few weeks of 3-5 a night wore on me!
so poignant its painful. Lovely.
Can we hire you as our personal stylist?!
I think all of us could take a lesson in calmness and patience from the way the Japanese people are handling their crises. I know I can!
Possibly city tonight with my girl yeeeeee
Do not regret growing older. It is a privilege denied to many.
#ImMadBecause Cody's album won't be released on June 5th. 😔
right before they throw up the \x/ RT : Awkward eye contact with people in cars next to you at red lights.
Watching #setonhall beat
I miss her and its only been one day :(
QotSA are a great find. Check out The Eagles of Death Metal for their singer playing incredible rock drums.
Success means something different to everyone. So, focus on your own and stop comparing yourself to others...
Catching up on some comics this afternoon. Prophet #23, BPRD: The Long Death # 1 and 2, and Fatale # 2 and 3. Nothing but quality!
I just want one full day together with ! With nothing to do or no where we have to be but in each others arms. :/
Im sober
Can I please send you a spec of P&R i wrote? If I could please email it to you it would be so nice of you! Pretty please! Thanks!
So anyone wanna go to Ross park mall Fridayy?
I heard on Fox News this am that gas prices have risen 85% since PORTUS took office. Not a good sign.
One should choose a wife with the ears, rather than with the eyes.
ya ya ya am wit a dude his got a bad breth ha he iz making me sick n on top of dat he wnts a fb acount.
Getting started with the LTC social media workshop - E177!
I feel so helpless when Mike and Grace are sick. I just want to make them better....
If you liked 's announcement today, consider making a donation to the campaign. Folks will be watching the $$ response.
All by design and implemented years ago. CFR. Red China will show up as the savior.Remember the Ghost cities were buit for a reason.
It's crazy how your enemies know you better then your bestfriend "
My phone decided to wipe itself of literally everything but my flocka background.so please text me your name.
haha. It was great to finally meet you! Im now following you! :)
just loaded up your guest spot on Blue Chips nice work man
#Imagine Playing hide & seek with Harry. You're crawling on the floor behind the table when Harry grabs your ankle & pulls you ''Got ya''
Completing The Square Quadratic Equations
Wondering if i should get my hair did this friday or next . . Hm *puts on thinking cap*
Hurricane season + BP nightmare = big F***ing mess.
I guess my argument would be that the vote was split then and now it'll probably tip in Romney's favor, but I guess only the polls
payback for your VCU pick! Was it worth it? (probably yes haha. Just giving you a hard time Elpers!)
It's gorgeous out and I'll be trapped inside my gay job
Unless its ONLY at night when I'm watching a movie or going to sleep, I hate rain -______-
kool what games do u play :)
#smart girl swagg
Ohh. I hope I don't have strep. Wish me luck(:
u can never leave (insert wing player) in the corner open. He will nail that 3 every time -Hubie cc
Shake that ass for me.
skill has nothing to do with him looking like a goblin tho.
The safety of Americans abroad is still the priority of the State Department, and crime is a concern....
Al Davis, R.I.P.
One person I most definitely miss talkin to Yup...yup most definiitely.
I am (not so) patiently waiting for my and CDs to come in the mail. I think the UPS man got lost...
I like you,even though i have never heard your music. You seem like a good person.i will check out your music for that reason
Happy Mother's Day Angie!
everyone except the people who get paid to do it, that is.
I'm so fucking hungry.
where do you work?
Thanks to all!! Finally reaching 100 today! Most recently following us are
hey pretty little liars on tonight, can't wait.
Loved all the photos from Toy Fair, too!
Its the climb <3 :')
So wish I was kidding: I waited 40 min for #wmata so dude could hold train doors open while his buddy peed on the platform.
apparently that was purchased outside the budget
Are your calendars public?
hm. I thought I was already following you, but in any case, I'm following you now!!
that's being outcoached
The Revivalist is HEAVY this week. Interviews w/ Thundercat, Robert Glasper, Adrian Younge, Betty Padget, our 2nd Sweat N' Sweet Mix & mo.
#animesoutheast is coming up soon!
RT : I'm back at from12-7p 2day. If you come say our hash tag word you start 2-For-1. Today's word is
Can the Nats just lose already so I can say it...
Thanks, Suse -- and thanks for being there for me.
I liked Aldi. None around here though.
Gettn paid from the craddle to the casket
Are you home yet? It's 9:05. :)
Good morning! Hope everyone has a safe and productive day. We look forward to working at the South Jersey Bullpen today.
It's quite odd - feels like heavy JS processing when it kicks in from the choppiness. I'll see if I can narrow it down further
i know you love beyonce, whats the point? lol
232 of those are from me asking if you got your broadband back yet.
I told here I need to get ready and all she did was look at me...
We're just getting started, sir -- great to see you tonight!
its gettin there, just unpacked 3 boxes :)
I love it when we score in the first inning
It's #presidentsday ...what the hell am i doing up so early???
Signing off now, actually. Should've been to bed at least three hours ago! Goodnight! ♥
as i end a busy i start another! loving it. Getting bookings! thats what its all about
Can't you talk to Deborah Treisman and straighten this out? :) At least schedule is nearly 3 weeks. What r u going to c?
vote YES on Meas. 26-125 and keep our badass libraries open. this is a command not a request.
Lol he just had super rap babies with Lil Kim
That was rude homegirl!
i sent an e-mail to twitter support and gave evidence that callux is a dirtbag and they're going to delete his account :~)
Well...I think you are capable/good @ a lot more that you just haven't experienced or it hasn't quit came to you just yet. :)
ik I am going to albivi and icon dance soon
TSA would not let me thru security with my silicone cutlets. Would this happen if I were dressed as ?
But of course, you all have a great program going - and thanks for the RT!
Awh!!! You KNEW that already!!! In a satellite meeting with Cathay Pacific moment, DaDa! Will call you after k. X
ass fat she cant sit straight, ballin bitch .. griff blake
S/O to hes my fav <3 hes reckless as hell. But we always have the best times. Hes cute and cool af.
Short day tomarow ,gonna chill wit , Diana nd others I don't know about ..
Indeed I am! I'm actually a newly-minted Developer Evangelist @ Microsoft focusing on Windows 8. This means I like it. ;-)
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...if FB shuts u down they may never give you it back again...so those 2000 friends are gone! Re-FRIENDg is boring!
This Metro car has no heat. :( Brrrrr!!!
All I need to pay attention to is history because I have a test other than that fuck it. It's Friday!
iPhone case out there?<----need function? extended life? where do carry it? style? so many many options
Dnt juss be a dad #BeTheBest Father u can be....
you guys are great!!
I'm proud to report that, after 8+ yrs of trolling the streets of New York, I have seen every color and texture of animal shit known to man.
Off to get an ultrasound and I'm definitely not looking forward to it...
The countdown is on. #ProLoveMarchATL begins in 24 hours. Join us for a festival of LOVE in downtown Atlanta.
Did anyone else just see the fat male cheerleader walk by??
I feel the same way, but I feel that if I did I would feel too high maintenance.
Are you guys done uploading finish line pictures for the evening?
yes, thank god xD
Its the forth month of the year!! You know what goes down this month!!!
I would soo support you:)
Both on a Sunday!
Fck that they fired me for some bull so i sit my as home and STILL MAKE THEY MONEY!
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettn p***y... #2Pac voice
Snow Man Get Your Hands Up High Its Your Boy Mr. 17.5
Hear real case studies of how small businesses used social media to generate leads and revenue
Block by Block RT : Sharing what we learned today, Jeremy said "we represent the President in our neighborhood"
hey. You favorited the tweet... Naht me
french bread? Experiment must have been in San Francisco.
We are loving this weather!
#Austin #ATX #UT mini session for outdoor portraits start at $150. Google Lime Fly Photography. Thanks
didn't even know you were in g'boro. Hope you had a good time.
Eh. You didn't miss out on much. OH!!! Btw, ABBY TOOK ME OFF THE SCHEDULE....
Enjoying the time off! Looking forward to getting back to my running routine tomorrow!
An hour wait at Famous Daves
Hahah though I love the look of a nice pair of Pumas, I prefer Nike when it comes to running shoes!
I'm gonna make a new video discussing the whole no xbox 360 exclusive sfxt characters.
Hiding out in the bathroom, so your parents won't bother you.
Thats cool how u been??
It was . . . odd. Even for 30 Rock.
On this day in 1972, President Richard Nixon announced the creation of the space shuttle program.
aka new mixtape by my favorite rapper!!
Curb Appeal is important to us too! RT : #HGTV Marathon: Curb Appeal: The Block! Today 1pmET.
Give me a break. $1 million vs. $25 million? Just Bob Perry and Diane Hendricks gave Scooter more than Barrett raised.
So excited for you! RT : Excited for my first class tonight! Hello java.
So happy to have some #DonDraper back in my life
Also, I haven't seen a drop of rain all week until I pull into the greater Lexington area
love your show!!! Such a blessing
If you're still doing the puckered lips aka duck face in pictures you need to get outta here👎
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Enough is Enough
Yeah, I Hate This Weather. Train's coming....Thinking on doing tomorrow Seen in the Snow (Guidance Episode 6). Drive Safe & Stay Blessed.
Hugs Back!!!
way g L word it's good u love both
I would not have been fun tonight...been working late all week...hike this weekend?
My brother has no respect
Loving all the sunshine at the office today! hurray for plenty of natural lighting
Fighting hunger daily is the mission of Hosea Feed the Hungry and Homeless in Atlanta.
sittin outside eating lunch w/ my bff 👌☀
where's my mets updates? Its easy to follow the mets game on twitter and the NBA Finals game on tv...
At work, with one more day.
Romania gov't: moratorium on shale gas exploration - The Seattle Times
“: The Soyuz crew have little kittens in those boxes they carry #spaceyfunfact”ha!!rt
Not sure. I think that was looking, no?
I wonder if this slight hangover I am experiencing is like how Jesus felt after rising from the grave?
RT : RT : A5 Visibility gives you the direct ability to inspire. It also holds you accountable.
Word for to day is ( stay facous )
GET READY!!! KICKBALLTIME!
1st time on QVC-Tuesday night 10/27 on 10pm show, I'm selling my 2 Yankee Stadium balls as a package deal!!
We want to wish everyone a happy and safe Labor Day weekend :)
Cracking at nectar lounge #coast2coast first time in nw.
Sackary can deal with it ;) omg do you wanna see a REALLY hot picture of Harry Styles?
Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why
Wow it's Nat'l Grilled Cheese Day & I'm not even having one:)
How do you help students who can't complete FAFSA b/c their parent(s) did not do their taxes?
Niese is buckling knees tonight.. Maybe Go Go should start swinging harder
The Good Men Project makes my skin crawl.
Oh Thin Mints- Why are you so delicious that I eat you at every meal?!
Another day of great weather in NYC. Today calls for some ice cream, where should we go? Has anyone been to the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory?
Out where?
RT James Malinchak - Big Money Speaker's status: "Money won't make you happy, but happy people will make you money" - The Financial Times
Actually i miss levi i havent had a good smack on the ass in a while haha
Trying online dating. Talking to this girl. I read her profile, under "Books" it says "Harry Potter, Mysteries, R. L. Stine" Red Flag??
oh no you don't! not brain food, drain food.
I hate waking up in the middle of the night feeling like something just happened. It makes me soo paranoid.
where are the cats at?!
Asked a group of our senior volunteers if I could take a pic for Facebook. Face what? What book? Guess I don't always know my audience. Heh.
Please tell me you're going to hip hop international? :) <3
Happy Valentine's Day! May your day be filled with love from all. (and the rest of your life for that matter!)
Why isn't Shawn Reynolds all over my TL today? That foo always has smart shit to say!
It isn't breakfast in Malibu until Pink and Carey Hart walk in.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. www.sofiafellini.com
My Tummy Hurt .
You bitches ain't cute...Who df lied to you?
held 11:00 Multi position plank Sunday! Longest I have ever held.
Jessica KILLED this jazmine sullivan!!!!!!
Geogre RR Martin likes ripping your heart out, grinding it in a blender, and feeding it to the crows.
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you
follow me back please(: 10
I know running away from your problem doesn't get you anywhere.. but sometimes it seems that's the only option..
Not a great start for the Trumbo experiment at 3B
Nice. As a side effect, I hope it'll explain to me why I should learn about inches and feet
Quicknote: whatever your interests are in the Trayvon Martin/George Zimmerman case may be, keep your politics out of it.
#IThankGod forgiving me faith when I was loosing hope !
i love #coldplay they is the bomb
A friend of mine has just joined Alcoholics Anonymous....he still drinks heavily but under a different name !
