at first, I thought the movie title was, "Men Who Scare Goats" (imagine that, coupled w/ the quick visual of a goat falling over)...
hot boys, remember
Drinkin Sweet Tea from a mason jar.
Mike Tice is going to get the ball out of Jay's hands quicker, & give him more protection when that's not the case.
Lol, when people judge my territory. I am #Superior in my own world. Thats all that matters.
okay just makng sure
lmfaooo, you know I love my texxting buddy ;)
In seat,from left-right,3. Seats are almost filled up
Think it's so great what Zimmerman did? Would you still feel the same if it were your son? You may just get to see & that's reality! KARMA!
The fact that so many people are starting to wear fake tapers and plugs is really starting to piss me off, dude quit being a bitch.
stop posting your stupid party over facebook
Bout to start the Great Race. Team lookin hungry!
Did Jerry Remy just say when Youk comes back Will Middlebrooks would probably go to Triple-A? No... way.
Go Woo!
Time to cut bait and run!
I put in so much work in the last eight years, I got male groupies now
look at that pace! amazing!
Stressful situation? Make the conscious choice to seize the thing you can control: How you THINK about what’s happening.
That sounds so cute!!! I would love to go, is it held everyday til the 31st?
One of my favorite quotes from a historical figure is 'I love to fly, I've been to almost as many places as my luggage' -Bob Hope
AND a wild pitch. When it rains, it pours.
love u sis help me get this twitter shit lol
Happy International #JazzDay everyone! Throw on your favorite album and enjoy! My pick: It Might As Well Be Swing by Sinatra & Count Basie.
congrats dude
Ethel I wanna listen to music all night witchu!!!!
Ikr wait y did u have to go jw
another good video u never fall short
how on earth do u give meds to a chin?! Glad to hear they are doing ok. You're such a great chin mom!
Yoda's quirky speech pattern made learning difficult, so his Value Added Measure was pretty low.
One more person needs to follow me then ill have 700.... cmon guys
I wish I owned a Champion juicer. They're awesome.
Trouble sleeping? Eat a few cherries. They have a natural form of melatonin
If you'd be loved, be worthy to be loved.
hahaha ☺ it is relieving! 👱🔫
Thanks for following me back. I am a big fan and I love your music. <3<3<3<3
Favorite stage direction of rehearsal so far: "he rises preparing to crush her with the weight of his eloquence"-Now I Ask You
Thanks already having a great weekend I have my 2 year old grandson! So much fun!
Don't worry be happy
Imagine how much drama there would be if you actually wrote what was on your mind in the "what's on your mind?" box on facebook!
They might at indie discos! This wasn't the UK equivalent of Turnmills, son.
Oh quiet car, I would hug you if I could.
Win tickets to show this Wednesday, November 30th at the Improv. Tune in to #prettyprogressive at 11AM for details.
RT : You won't see the potential if you're looking at the pain.
Day 3 of #MHFA Instructor Training. Much respect to #teachers & students who do this everyday!
My mom :) MT : who's your favorit super hero?
oh.. Yeah I don't know...
It's not gonna be the same without Piers though..
Be sure to come watch us at the Midtown Deli tonight! Playing with a really cool band called the Sweet Water. No cover!
i would love to play Savannah, can you recomend some acoustic venues?
James Harden is ballin very very hard right now.
yes it is! I adore your daughter and you! Y'all are my favorite! I try to get all my friends here in Dallas to watch :)
This morning was traumatic. I had to have a ring cut off my finger :(
Thanks to @ CandacitaBonita for your love injections!! We heart u!
Ya I deleted my tweet when I saw you fixed it, my bad and thanks!
Damn! Its My Birthday and my freaking Dad doesn't call me or text me
Takers for 3 tickets to What is New Orleans Jazz family concert at lincoln center jazz, April 21 at 3 pm? Cc
my #swagg is
That is true! It works with other bread-friends too!
Just found out with out having record on the tv I can restart ellen and watch it.
Lost 5 pounds in last 2 months :)
uh oh the promoters are tweeting again....
Didn't see Parts this weekend. Was working on a Staged Reading. Might go this week if I can.
Is it too early to get ready for #Revenge? Such a fan!
Bulk promo discounts!!!! Hit me up at :)
Just a couple more hours until I meet up with for week
The only real failure in life is one not learned from. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Get a clue!
Thanks for the "timely" ping! ;-)
Best compliment all year comes from , who says my "hair flip mastery is entrancing." HA!!! Thank you, Megan!...
#Amazing: J. Danforth Quayle was rich boy born w/silver spoon, rode fam's connections 2 heart-beat from presidency...
Remember these two names. Ted Stankiewicz & Tyler Gonzales. BIG arms that should go in 2 or 3 round in MLB draft.
If that remote control helicopter flies into my kitchen one more time while I'm making the Christmas candy, I'm going King Kong on it.
if I'm forced to watch a 5 day marathon of chuck Norris #walkertexasranger you will be forced to watch #glee 😉
Citations for walking and texting?!?!?
Can someone explain why a bag I've used for 30 flights and never checked suddenly doesn't "fit" Not how you treat loyal customers.
#10Facebooktips the layout keep changing when the hell is they going to add an dislike button on #Facebook need to upgrade that
I made milkshakes with some of the vodka and kahlua the other night and that was delicious....might do that again later.
country music is best, when driving.
Say it ain't so Birdman! Maybe the #Orioles will finally do away with
Just got back from the eye doc. Eyes are dilated and I can't see to well.
okay! Just let me know when you want it and I got you.
Show in Estonia tonight followed by a 17 hour drive to Poland. Anyone own a private jet in eastern Europe I could borrow?
Awesome! <3 you, too!
I meant will join us at Krystal's Cafe, but if wants to join us, I won't deny him! :)
#ABQgirlproblems I'm driving home tonight guy jumps out onto Louisiana and hurls a brick at my car. Call police they get him! #whodoesthat?
Oh Snap! It looks like snow.
You got it all, you got the beauty and the brains. You got the wisdom and the smile and that's what's driving me insane
#HappyMothersDay to all the Mothers out there!
there is no way and I can eat that much to compete with
I bet within a week there will be restaurants serving freedom fries again.
I back this!
Everyone, tweet your favorite museums to me! Don't forget to hashtag
Can #RussellWilson play defense?
Some parts of life are simple, but people make it difficult.
two more day until holidays! freaking pumped. Listening to some good MJ music :(
Now on to Veronica's Room in Sept. Still looking for the "Young Man". 3 other roles were solidly auditioned. Choosing by Friday.
No luck so far
My phone hasn't rang a lot lately.
I want that and some chicken lasagna! I'm making cornbeef egg roll Sunday I think!
: Kobes game is like that old school guy at the rec that you can't stop, until he has to take his geritol and bengay shots. Lol
plz come on tinychat it would mean so much to ur fans on tinychat <33 =/
Best Jobs 2012: Recreation and Fitness Worker
We hope Ryan's ashy jacket doesn't disrupt Antonio's allergies!
aww we love u too! Thanks boo!
Where the hell is I need to know if she's wants to go running at 4
Yeah, goodbyes are hard but who said hellos were easy?
better still, just don't have arbitrary rules for password creation. Then we all win.
haha wow, you should give me a name.
well it is only fitting on 6th birthday!
it's not until I say it is.
I won't wait around for someone who doesn't deserve me
DON'T DO IT! It will only take you deeper into the crevasse.
Hey! Those are my measurements, too....when I stand on my hands.
Hurray! I have over 100 followers. Thanks for the follows!
#EBUS118 Tweet about positive experience you recently had with a business. If they're on Twitter, mention their username with the @ symbol.
Daniel Stern plays Mat Brinkman in the movie C.H.U.D.
Protip: there is a coffee shop 20 feet from your desk.
I'm having a good half-naked day.
i would live to wait and include ! not the same without us all!
My guess, just a guess the fastest horse. I'm from Swampscott, so i'm whicked smart...lol. Be Great Todd
hi doll!every girl has her own recipe that makes her extraordinary!you are clearly miss extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink:)
I was surprised by the low turnout, but being non-binding I think impacted turnout. Also, why is MO paying $6-7M for this?
Can you follow me??? I did!!!
hahaha yes. It kinds does. Lol. And I'm sad ur not going to wof with us... sad... sad. Day... :( lol I miss u this weekend.
What we do know is that being beautiful and thin doesn't insure faithfulness over the long haul
Just caught my mom rockin out to call me maybe
The cruelest thing in the world is the smell of brownies the instant they hit the oven even though they still haveto 30 minutes to cook
Only 33 and 38 points by both teams. Some crazy defense out there.
We, the people of Wisconsin, seem to be a bunch of drunks.
My leads group heard Jennie Poppenger speak about her biz helping people with Social Media. She works with businesses and with people...
i love you Justin:)
Had a blast opening for last night yall! Nice fellas...sweet crowd. Thanks so much!
Ha ha ha ha... I'll direct message you an article that pretty much sums up why he contacted me.
I often watch the news and wonder, when it will be the day that i am a victim of one of these crimes
Yoo a saw a picture of girl before that girl really looked like Prodigy !
My "November Spawned a Monster" Morrissey cosplay would be SO good
Work was really tired'some today.my eues hurtn doe...bored too nobody want talk.
staying strong.
Feel like rearranging my room(:
Happy December <3
waiting for the truth...
Its funny how a country concert is such a cute girl magnet. I thank you Eric.
Thank you for the #follow,
Do you guys mean outside of Juno?
Busy day! Advocates are holding PAIR Up for #Parkinson's Research events in CA, LA, MD, NY and OK
Happy Thanksgiving to you too Rose!
RT send me a naked pic
Pay attention to the signs its right in front of your eyes! Mind games in disguises!!!!!
I'd love to see Bush live, damn it.
AFFRM's "Restless City" opening up tomorrow in NY, Los Angeles, and Atlanta. To my ppl in those cities--please support this opening weekend!
ha! truth.
Thought he was my Nigga but in da end he was a Busta..
The Doosh is definitely not PC..........he's a Mac guy
Been in here for 3 months now n its cost me my friends, girlfriend, mom and school. is this even worth it anymore!?
Rehearsal for next weeks show @ the Chameleon Club in Lancaster PA Saturday the 31st
Im'ma have ya mom calling me Papi Chulo.
I don't mind them as a trio...but none can hold their own. Can you imagine if Kourtney got her own show..
"Itch? Since when do you say itch?!"
yes that is what I am referring to :)
Any other SA bloggers going to Niosa this week?
Love Hides Behind Every Corner.... I Must Be Walking In Circles.
I'll consult with the accounting team and let ya know.
twitter: today's personal daily newspaper
Hey, no problem!!! RT hey :) thanks for following!
I just want to play pool.
One of my guy friends is a Directioner :D well a directionator. He only knows the song WMYB!! he loves it :P he said 1D is an awesome band!!
“: 5 days til xmas? wtf!”right??? I just said the same damn thing
Life would be so much better if I could learn to enjoy an overflowing inbox.
More people should go follow .!(:
Go Browns > ': Lace Up > YOLO'
Buenos Dias or shall I say Good Afternoon ;)
“: I hate Chris Collinsworth.” yes he is biased
Good luck to everyone taking the Integrated Algebra Regents.
it's day 1...and it's not over.
Best. Halftime. Show. Ever! was amazing.
good morning.
thinking about my plans for later.....I need to make some.
That Crowd was way bigger than any of us could have expected, your support means the world to us. Stay Tuned for Big Things to come from F&A
I have a crush on you.
CastleGroup Mondays @ Moe's grill...say you're with castle group and get a burrito and chips with salsa for $5 and 99 cents more for a drink
Agreed. But also not fair to ridicule him for being outspoken about beliefs when many others are as well.
As a rule, I am very careful to be shallow and conventional where depth and originality are wasted. ~ Lucy Maud Montgomery
Join us at 106seeboth for tonight's Purely Social! We'll be there from 6 to 9 pm.
Denver Mayor Michael Hancock next at witness table, urging passage of ASSET bill.
#OneThingILove... YOU. And no thats not a #subtweet that's the truth.
This night just got a whole lot better because Jurassic Park is on.
He couldn't have me so now he stuck with you...
hahaha or that too shots shots shots shots! Lol :)
Google is actually the common name for a number with a million zeros.
#flyhighbecca you will be missed<3
I actually share a house with someone who isn't on twitter.
You really rocked it on stage & we are so glad you were part of We gotta get you back in NOLA for longer next time!
. I can see now that Romney's plan for winning the White House is based on spending tons of money and lying constantly.
lol agreed, I dont even have a decent place in the city. They always doing too much. Just clean them up with a lil arch
Just got some soup to warm up from the awesome #Fulham soccer match! #harrods next!
Yes, please!
which players on the Gamepoint 17 team stood out?
Braden Holtby is a major babe.
Why don't we have the option to leave our number and get a call back instead of waiting on hold? That would be customer service.
Um....flex scheduling only affects SNF. Does not affect the MNF schedule.
not yet we have a bunch to do today..
Today I question my entire existence and why god created me and what he could possibly have planned for me and what he wants from me.
Just running <3 :)
I follow you on tumblr, i love it! oh and instagram also . x
#GrinDKinGz New Orleans based & Arkansas based wit projects coming soon
Matt did a beautiful job on that song! Very moving!
try this with some Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard...this recipe ROCKS!
you're totally hip!
Please say a prayer for my Aunt Grace and the rest of our family. She lost her 1 year old daughter Destiny this morning. :'(
Valentine making Beckett throw to Salty today. Nice move. No more binky?
That would make me feel both better and worse.
On the way to dinner :)
One Day We'll Grow Up And Be Kids :)
"Ire is a great word... For queers."
THANK YOU! I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO DO FOR 2 HOURS NOW!
Clubbin this Friday?
Yikes! By the way, I need to call you. I think I still have your number but DM me just in case ;-)
I hate people clap/yell loud as fuck in a small area.
my thoughts exactly
Go do sum excersise nd get a life ,to make the money I make bitch you gotta die n come bak twice
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 10
My friends would make an announcement at prom saying its my birthday... #awkward :P
I know but it seems so far away!
i made her play that game before i got grounded because she ran out the room and started crying and bumped into my mom grrr
sadly, can't make it to #tnla12 today... :( But I had a great time yesterday! One of my favorite conferences.
I thought it would be more racist and sexist, too. It wasn't PC, but James was pretty decent to people
Guilt: punishing yourself before God doesn't. Alan Cohen
Thanks for the push and the video work!
Issaquah amazing race all day...no phones, no gps, no internet...and no personal endurance at present time...let's do this
Does anybody know who Tina Cole is...?? Well if not she is an actress and she was on the show my three sons and she so cool go look her up!
Orlando, FL $35.00 the night!
I'm happy to hear that your having a great time. <3
Hey hey. I placed an order yest. Hope y'all had a blast @ Vaporcon. Is the sale already reflected in price. Or did I miss a code
Would you walk home through a zombie apocalypse with one shoe and a stick to make curfew because I wouldn't.
YOUR STOMACH LOOKS BETTER THEN MINE DUDE. PLUS YOU HAVE A HUGE ASS. So fuuuu u. :l
Hey , I've kidnapped your jacket and holding it hostage for one meellion gold teeth
Hi! Great to hear from you--hope all's good with you. We're in LA at the moment for Amanda's SCIARC graduation.
Never. So long as they are titled "cupcakes" it is safe and healthy to eat in one sitting.
You know you're in trouble when your parents say your whole damn name... Lol
• Makes more sense to phrase it in terms of starts then. What if you're the closer, that 5 days would have a different impact.
Wow. Really sad and shocked to hear about Adam Yauch. I love the #BeastieBoys and he was definitely a music pioneer. RIP.
The Brewers might sign Derrek Lee? Are they also looking at Cory Lidle for the No. 5 spot in the rotation?
For the first time in my college career, I got into all the classes I needed.
Thanks Daniel :(
Good morning love sponges... I'm grumpy today. You may now entertain me.
Hey Stimey - May the 4th be with you today!
I can't see why any progressive would have supported the plan either.
Sorry to hear that. Hey, like we've been talking: Spring is making a return to the Midwest!
Better Late than never #FF They all earned my coveted retweets this weeks
hehe, which means you either work there, work at a company that had a big problem, or like tiger woods ;-) which one is it!?
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 11
Cheers to you!...Two of my favorites were #Marriott and
Projects is killing the kid
He gets on my nerves
the end is neigh! “: $8 beers, ugh. #manhattan #boo”
Me: YOUR CHICK IS SO THIRSTY. LAMPERBENI MERCY dad: you listen to some weird music...
THAT WAS PERFECT.
: Please support federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
Raining so hard. Well not the rain yet but it's thundering.
do we have a official remix of Black Vodka or a new video coming soon?
RT Goodluck to them boys in blue tonight.
Can we find out when the ad was submitted? Newsom said no coordination with Gov, if so how did this ad happen? No time to make
Tomorrow is gonna take alot of concentration -_-
RT This if you are a #RealMadrid supporter.
Making the best of the "My First Rails Project" which I've just inherited.
Wrap-up vote "What Lies Ahead";"Pretty Much Dead Already";"18 Miles Out";"Judge, Jury, Executioner";"Better Angels"; & final ep
DRAKE TICKETS in the good seats. About 230 pm. Listen to KS1075 & Drake will tell you to be caller 107 at 303-228-1075
Thanks man. We are completely sold out right now. I'll shoot you a tweet when we get our next line in.
Totally agree, but my concern is for the people not yet using the internet getting left (more) behind by
they will
;) follow me please
First golf meet today!
Please follow me <3. Is my dream, please yo do come true #mahomie 7
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
what a quinky dink! haha its my favorite movie! (:
Docha love the 180 the announcers did on Rodgers once the Pac win was in the bag? "Flawless", huh? Care to play that tape back?
Obviously adele is not good at handeling breakups
oh I'm sure it would destroy every other reality show on any network. Even just a day in our lives! haha :)
No snow in Phoenix
a little. Maybe it was just the exchange you had with Perrin.
Can't believe how fast I was falling asleep. All this studying has got me burnt. Goodnight 🌙
Football season is the BEST time to use #ClosingTime. #Party on Friday & get up at 7am on Saturday to #tailgate!!! No #hangovers allowed!!
Omigosh! How did we miss this?? Thank you, and please look for our 4 proposals in the Pepsi Refresh in 11/11. ADLC is on it!
Pandora has never replied to me or anything. It's ok...I got my, Yara. Xoxo
I just auditioned for Mga Bitty Buttons
loll...yea homie def a minute...couple factors that come to mind....I would have to peep it out through join.me
Prepping for tomorrow's audition (yay!), and marveling over her ReverbNation trax hitting 700 plays. Feeling blessed and lucky, she is.
Caitlin. Think you can bring me a bunch of double-cupped coffees for the graduation rehearsal on Friday? I'm planning ahead.
I followed you :) xx
Shit I'm screwed.
You wouldn't be a run of the mill ho...you kinda classy, you'd be a specialty ho. Um yeah, this did just get said to me
Is solspace.com down for everyone? I can't seem to get the site to load.
I know its a really small town but i LOVE it!
And fuck all you pretend basketball fans that just bought shirts of "your team" a week ago. You should all kill yourselves.
What's the link to watch the #wia hearing?
#TigerComplaintBingo "Lack of clutch hitting"
Thank You!!! RT Thanks so much for having us tonight! #MediaChat AWESOME group!
<--------LOVES A PRETTY GIRL IN SUM SEXY HEELS
Dance class awaits.
Final #TinyFascist Tonight. We tie all your favorite knots.
except it's still Thursday night where I live (Seattle, WA)...... #awks love you!
I had my hands all over your girl Monday..........
looking forward to intern team call and some writing time tonight
Single moms have to do twice the work. Sort of like 20% of the people doing 80% of the work. If U know a single mom, hug her. A lot...
Gunner Gunners let's gun down the failing blue moon..
Having a dog has greatly enriched my quality of life.
Work hard play harder❕
Aw come on hawks..you got this
Female #android companion?
Kitamura walk-off gives UH series win over Fresno
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. ~ Oscar Wilde
It's almost like the Colts D has no clue where the 1st down is. They wait 4 the the Off to him them instead of coming up & making the hits
I love you! Stop the bullshit
Had an amazing nite at dinner with friends tonite!!!
Good night!!!!!! Gonna sleep good tonight at least I hope I do lol
the plan is to spend the day holed up in my (work) office writing an article on teaching undergrads with archives. I think coffee is a must.
she kinda seems bitchy. What's that homely Italian girls name?
thanks for adding us
Thank you to my awesome girlfriend for a great birthday dinner and big thanks to for my first visit deliciously fantastic!!
Right on! I just rode my bike 5 miles home after making donuts, baguettes, sourdough & lotsa hamburger buns. Sleepy time! z
my hate for casinos in general. Also in Sept. I spent ~ 5 days there and had a cold for 2 months after. Absoludicrous bustout.
Need a new #fixie, but don't want to spend? Want to donate to your favorite cause? Look no further w/ on !...
salivating over the prospect of an '08 rematch.
Looking for 1 break dancer for David Guetta Music Video. Hit me! There is pay! lol
Me too! RT : I'd love to see AR being used with
I'm a little late to the dance, but thanks for the w00ts, and Good vibes from you, ridicule from my sons. Balances out...
And that asshole is blocked!!!!!
I guess we'll see. May 1 went off well, I thought. H/T to CPD for not being provoked by the "f*** the police" chants.
And the Jackets are still able to outshoot us...
u ain't follow me back yet :(
Seeking an Enterprise Solutions Account Manager to represent the full portfolio of ThomasNet Advanced Web Solutions. Industrial market...
who needs 3D TV when you have TBS' cameras?
Stay strong. Remember your goals.
Got up this morning,,,looked out the window,,saw no terrorists or tanks in street. The government must have done it's job during the night!
Interesting! This has been an informative chat :) Glad I asked
Q: What do you do if your #bassist is drowning? A: Throw him his
Life is a movie that we've seen too many times.
RT : "Instead of 'Mick Jagger could be harry's dad' it should be 'Paul higgins could be gibby's dad'." Omg this
We highly recommend that our clients deploy a comprehensive Internet Marketing Strategy. Call us and we can help you create 1 for your firm!
Screw you.
I just saw the picture of you skateboarding :O I also skate, I started like 2 weeks ago &how old are you I'm just wondering
hook this up to cultural tourism and you've got an industry
that was Shakespeare, heard of him?! Course I have he's a famous pirate, btw its shakesbeard
You may find semisweet chocolates in different forms like- chocolate chips, chocolate chunks, bars, and disks
Saw a commercial, and craving one... But there's none in the fridge.
ah I apologize.
In other news, holy crap ! Go #USWNT!
Lol! Good luck!!:)
oh ok cool , u had me shocked for a while there
I don't want any trouble with anyone anymore. I just want to be friends with everyone. Faking it or not
Shopping for wedding gifts is so boring
Spokane here we come!
I remember when I was like 5 dancing to 's i want candy on radio Disney..Wish I had grown up a little earlier to enjoy it more
RT : #wearing cream pleated skirt, navy tuxedo ruffle t, brass Queen Bee cuff, cream boucle coat, peeptoes with...
hmm. Looks much more severe.
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it.
Nervous lady ahead of us on flight downed 6 little bottles on our two hour flight.
What do you use to edit audio - #ProTools? I'm trying to learn Audacity, but I'm more familiar with AdobeAudition.
Followed <3 , AND YOU MET ONE DIRECTION <|3 jealous.. ):
not sure if they actually taste like corn tho.
if only i used my iPad for music...
yes move to New York!
tweet tweet...im back...enjoying la weather before going back to work tomorrow
I wish you could've seen the smile on my face when I posted that. I was at FLA for a day and hope others will join in on 4S fun.
Any of you crazies in #ROC taking part in the Polar Plunge at Lake Ontario? Bring your PlaySport and tweet!!!
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. -bf
Draft day philosophy; bye weeks don't matter. By the time they've arrived; waiver wire's changed your team makeup
still calls me when she needs help with her math homework. its algebra 2 all over again.
TgT is gonna be in the studio all this week to start their new album as a group! &
how could being a victim of his creeping NOT make you happy? Lol
Just tuned into the #Nuggets game. What in the heck is growing on Birdman's face?!
Occupiers, I support your message and all, but the 1% doesn't take the subway...
Dont concern yourself with things that don't concern you. If it's not your business, don't make it your burden.
glad to be a part of it :)
Even adding 1/4 c of creamer to my work's coffee doesn't make it taste good.
is it that bad to take a nap at 4:51pm? I hope not...that's exactly what I'm going to do...
Played a program of jazz cartoons for my students tonight: Three Little Bops, Date With Dizzy, Begone Dull Care, Koko, and Rhapsody in Blue
WSFP Youth Foundation welcomed Sarah Smith, Marquette University's Managing Director of Development - Milwaukee, as a new board member today
Are you going to tonight for the Mojito being named Miami's official drink?
Went to Archon 2 get press passes. Saw M. R. Sellars checking in at the same time. He actually wore his "Castle" T-shirt!! More to come...
I think they were looking at south America accdng to recent trips
thank you for the thanks, thanks! Thank you again
thanks, patty! Appreciate it
have a little wine with my wife at out winery
I'll get to be a rock star!Will be the title character in a play about sex, drugs, rock n roll and vulnerability:FUN and touching.STAY TUNED
Sorry I don't post more but I am the type of person that likes to read. If ya want to know something about me send me a direct message.
RIP Robert Sherman,thx for the music u have created...
nice night:]
Glad the hurricane gusts have subsided.
Bless you Lol
I rather keep my eyes wide open instead of blink
dangit as soon as i tweet that, the inning ends... #BYU leads 3-1 vs. #LaTech in the bottom of the 5th - winner plays
Important news: 360 | 365 is going back to its roots as the High Falls Film Festival for 2013
In just a couple weeks the first Traveling Circle album will be released on Nasoni-Records out of Berlin. Stay tuned!
All great choices!
our neighbor just got a boatload of firewood, I bet we could trade him beer for a couple of logs
Haha, we don't have enough desks!!!
small market... No hype or trash talking. Maybe?
Morning ride on Norton, productive day of staining deck furniture followed by Sandbar and Chiso. Very content (and full).
It's on the 29 th at 730 pm at the laugh lounge 151 Essex st in Manhattan its free please cum c me I'm very funny
. Yeah, I'm noticing that too. It makes me feel better.
": Remember when people thought Gordon Beckham could be Michael Young?" Kenny turned down Cliff Lee for him. Beckham equals Getz.
Thanks, Kati. Glad you find my business postings useful.
Knock Knock. Who's there! Ammon! Ammon who? Ammon old hand at picking locks!
Lmfao RT I'm already knowing...he smashed!!!
just bought my UpAllNight cd :)
Sushi date with mommy and daddy 
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Dashan Crittenden ⁰Rising 6th ⁰Brooklyn, NY ⁰Travel Team: New Jersey Playtime Panthers ⁰Shooting Guard 5’4
yea i love it :D & ive always wanted to go to Canada !! & you've been to California ?
pruning some cites from Zotero. Wish there was an easier to archive unneded cites and their attached files.
does she have a facebook?
Vikes PK depends. Any other kickers on their staff currently?
Agreed!! Was discussing this exact thing on the way to the office this AM!
The clouds seem to be moving really fast. Is it just me?
I've been around way to long to believe prog. Lies.
Review: I was hooked from the first paragraph, the authors writing style is fluid, breezy, engaging and compelling -- thoroughly...
Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it's a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
I'll be riding to work. After that, maybe Motor for dinner.
Currently looking for my block list… still
This was posted on Twitter: "Does a decent credit union website exist? I post that no, it does not." When was your website last redesigned?
About to tweet til I can fall asleep...
if this train goes down, milwaukee gets a whole less handsome.
Liking the #sbfc line up. We need as a sub tonight.
Pls chill w/ the Kobe/Lebron comparisons!! One has 5 rings, the other none!!
Getting panda express. Hungry af !
1900 university drive! Room 301, free healthy snacks, drinks & wifi!
m smelly deli!
Headed to NYC in July. Is it better to book hotel now or wait a while?!
i sleep better when its storming
Electoral process - from st8 voter suppression to CitUnited to media as major actor - is a gross distortion of democracy. Atbest.
Hey , look at she's knocked out haha
3 words, 8 letters, easy to say, hard to prove... ..."I'm a zebra."
can yo uplease wish happy birthday to it would mean alot to him/her please !!
#IfuWereAStripper would u get mad if a nigga asked u to hit fo 25 dollars
I don't know why but I think it would be absolutely awesome! :D but I don't think is going to have vampires..
do u have iphone 4s
Search KARISSA LYNN on youtube
Bee Raises Funds for Literacy - Memphis Daily News
The other athletics teams are mad because we ain't dress up and they did
having a great time with and thank you
lame haha, well it goes till like 2am if you change your mind. It's a cool event. Especially if your hungry. Haha
Make sure to check our our event page...free workshop this weekend at Skylight Books. RSVP by email to
who are in it and it isn't fair to them their also my fans so I wouldn't want to do that to then
looking forward to having you up in the ATX at
gonna stick picture of lovely kate moss on my pack of camels to remind everyone how sexy smoking is.
you and yours too! happy day!
I've been thinking about you. Do you think about me still?
FACT: Miami is the only major city in the US to be founded by a woman. (Julia Tuttle)
Today is gonna be a goo day....
I like that Ron Paul pointed out we don't own land, but instead rent it. It's very true in the current real estate system.
that sucks. We're local, so I kinda have homefield advantage for finding parties ;)
wish u were there is like #booning but for anyone with a mobile phone. #genius via
Catch the #Braves episode of 30 Clubs in 30 Days tonight at 5pm ET on (also re-airing throughout the evening).
Oh, nice. A #lessambitioustheater meme on the Twitters. Shall I join in? ::considers::
Congratulations Class of 2012! If anyone has any photographs of the graduation, please feel free to post them so everyone can see!
RT : Good luck on your finals. Study hard and finish strong!
AWESOME new followers!!
Forthwith is a great & highly underutilized word. Can't wait to use my youthful feminine linguistic power & slap a #vocalfry on that shit.
Thanks to everyone at Tools of Change for keeping us Tues-Wed people in the loop. Lots of great quotes
short game. Chipping.
me too. :-) Good morning! It's Wednesday, right?
in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out
how can you not have scarves as part of the Sears collection
Working on photoshop of quite a few projects... Very busy but very happy with the results so far...
I love me some Clos Pegas!
this summer is gonna be crazy fool
Happy Monday everyone! Does anyone have some fun design ideas to share with us?
Raz B gonna be on Young Money, shaking ass with Nicki Minaj in his next video. Y'all just Watch!
Boys who trusted Penn State and Syracuse staff: #you'rethereason our work is long from finished. End sexual violence against children!
oooohhh What about 1000 island for dipping?
s/o to everyone from #bentworth going to #PROM today! have fun! Can't wait until I get to go.
It's Heart Month at The Bakken! Come on down for Super Science Saturday and perform heart surgery and make a ~fibrillating~ valentine!
ill brb
Avengers tonight! Avengers tonight!
Got three guys going right now, but I need my captain, Chris Judd, to step it up.
It's Me At My Favorite Spot . . . . You Know The One Right Around The Block <3 !
Avengers in the RealD experience tonight 😁 💺
I followed her. Can I get that DM now?
": Clangin' & Bangin'. Workout #2 starts now. #GoinHAM" just had back surgery, can't wait to get back into it.
That's because a lot of people find that product interesting and want one of them.
Councilman Gary Kendrick talks up former planning commission member Vickie Butcher as Mayor Mark Lewis starts naming his choices...
looking good!
*jawdrop* Someone needs to be enlightened.
Lol“ Lessons on what tho? I hope nothin freaky Ctfu jk RT going to give us the Lessons ”
lol dont block your number and than call me you freak
Anyone know a great secret spot for sunset photography in centralish maryland? I am aching for some new shooting grounds...
baby you should lemme love you <3 (;
Where will you be working?
A pair of Sheriffs on motorcycles are patrolling Broadway
Phones are now our swiss-army communication device. Its a computer that happens to be a phone.
what's up nickyballz how you dern??
Its Only Been Days BUDDY Lol...
Loving Market Pantry red velvet chocolate holiday milk!
Thanks so much for the review! We appreciate your loyalty and glad you had a great experience!
so I says to myself, I says...
I know! I am so excited! I've always wanted to go!
Can't wait! The image on front of catalog is beautiful, it haunts me in the MFA shop, painting once hung there!
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get
Bahhh that's the worst! Lost keys?
Twugs how are you doing?
WebHostingHub is what I'm most familiar with depending on what you want to do it's pretty user friendly and syncs w/ Wordpress.
Please don't act like your better then the rest of the world. Were all just as Fucked up as the next person.
when are the next ski trips?!
Just got my train tix to #BWENY. Woo hoo!
Agreed. It's kinda like the audience becomes the enablers, ya know?
just to let you know... Boyfriend video> every other video to exist
Popcorn at 10 am? I will never understand.
not so good but you know... rolling with the punches... I'm having withdrawals we need to catch up soon
COME CHECK ME OUT THIS THURSDAY!!!IM PERFORMING LIVE AT CLUB RED WITH JUICY J!!!!
Team STH did full-body supersets to change it up yesterday. Brutal! Nearly puked. How were your weekend workouts?
I HATE LIVING HERE!! dis shit is every week!!
Zac Young has a show 10/19/2011 @ 'Ric and Mo's' in Montgomery, Alabama.
Not feelin very yummy in mah tummy:((
Thank you!
It's not that i hate you, it's just that.... okay, fuck. you caught me. I do hate you.
casino night tonight. keep you posted
you go getter. Need to chat with you abt
Calamity Jane with my grams.
The only time I ever crave Chick Fil A is on Sundays 😒
??Does someone actually sit at a round table discussing profits and create drugs for dealers to sell?
RT : Whoever is spreading the hashtag around #BarneysBrideUnveiled must stop. It's all lies! Lies!
hehe! I appreciate it. Now if only I can find gainful employment we'll be set. :)
Just wait until you see the gorgeous Summer Reading calendar our new graphics artist has made! It went to press today.
Don't let them girls get ANYWHERE near me. They scare me.
My hunger is rising and my patience is dwindling
where will the 2012 auditions be? Please respond so I can try out!
it's getting cold out... time to find a wife
Love Ernie Els but come on Dufner it's time to step it up and get your first win!!
I never said he could RT : “: he can't do it all anymore he proved that already”!!!!
Awesome! :) How big is your school?
Let's go LAKERS !!!!
I found u where have u been!
TRAFFIC =- Wb Beltline @ Todd Drive - Crash, delays back to Rimrock Rd.
kind of really want to follow this account... <3
Whewwww Thank you Lord 4 medicine!
I swear gas went up 6 cents in one day!
Excitedly awaiting Apple's approval for our first (myself and ) #iPhone and #iPad App. We submitted it today! Fingers crossed
CondoandHOALaw thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
It is in identifying yourself with the hopes, dreams, fears and longings of others that you may understand them and help them. ~W A Peterson
Lots of factors to consider like demographics of candidates. Video may be better for some small biz.
I love you, like Dory loves her Squishy.
North Korean political prison camps growing - Amnesty
I like hacking into people's facebooks, twitters, and other social networks. It just makes me feel boss.
But is that unique to your location or a trend? Also, are you hiring/promoting librarians into those spots or deprofessionalizing?
Up next, Franklin Park Railroad Daze, June 9th, 2012. I am there, I am so, so there baby!!!
that sounds like a better workout
viva traditional! :) #swxengage industry blogs/media focus so heavy on digital but traditional still has purpose, value
#DogTheBountyHunter I love my Leland!!!<3
if i worked for brazzers id bring full pleasures while taking it to extra measures!!
Forgot chatting on with is more fun than the law should allow. Kicked it like it was Lollapalooza 07 today.
Can't wait for Sunday!!
Doubt it but I'd really enjoy that RT: Can't wait to see get
Think I'm getting it now although the fucking scotch does not help, thanks luv
“ Nobody ever pays me in gum”awwweeee
I don't kiss on the first date, but ill do other stuff thoo
Why do I always think of when comes on?!
I'm so happy :}
Return of the Mack.
always make the mistake of putting to much water in the bath, when iv been in it an age I have no room to top it up :(
welcome aboard!! Glad you got it figured out!! :)
The hungry little boy with the runny nose plays in the street as the cold wind blows in the ghetto....
Tomorrow is a huge day boy/girl?
I love that my friend, , comes to Madison whenever he's writing a new book. We talk ideas/craft and eat at the Dane.
Robbie Williams criticised for launching poker website
Confucius say...Woman who put man in dog house may find him in cat house.
11 Make A Wish is to meet or atleast get austin to follow mehh , i love youu <3
This weed loud.. Speak up, I can't hear you.
I wish I were a student now - so many opportunities and so easy to REALLY learn & understand. Ten years from now ... cant wait 4a b'fulwrld.
Thank u all so much for the amazing response to my tribute to #Whitney! Was so nervous about posting it so thank u all so much...blessings!
And the best Chat Room on Paltalk is.....?
this day is just not happening as it should
#goodmorning Shaun:) and you are the amazing one for everything youve done for me:) but yeah ill email u back about it
I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it.
I'm convinced the College purcahsed our "new" office a/c unit on Craigslist.
...Sharpen untamed tongues, then release your unquenchable, irreverent spirits upon an unsuspecting Stockholm, tonight... <3
Glad you like it. Hope you can catch the whole film!
Even if you don't like Yahoo, don't avoid their PPC, just expect 1/3 of results. Adding more budget to a Google account adds conversion cost
Why do these "preachers' skew words to "fit" the circumstance. Hypocrites and I mean u Pat Robertson!
It most certainly does! RT : time goes FAZZT when you are having fun.
Dont expect a call back
sorry to hear that. =(
Already following.. x
AHAHAHA! do it!!
is this a legit organization? Around what time in the summer would it be? Because I can't do July and most of August.
sorry dude. i like ur tweets
Your welcome enjoy your day!! :-))
. Will you stand with and vote to pass the American Jobs Act?
Getting ready for road trip to Lansing with Betsy for MLA Community of Practice Day; we'll be fueled by bagels.
I really like scoop.it, It's easy to use and the search feature is pretty nice as well.
so tired my eyes are burning waaaah
Do you have a balance of branded and non-branded content on your site?
Well, excuse the hell out of me. Oh, and fuck you.
Seriously this year all stars tour decides to have a NYC date when the line up kinda sucks. 😠
New Mexico's spring weather is here!
Seeing in a dress>>>>
What to so, what to do .
aw, thanks Dane! I like Boston Creme.
oh we were making a request, so who knows, you may still be in luck!
got word i have some tickets for the road game against the Chicago Fire! Who else is going?
What can we learn from the soma cube study of the 70's? Contingency on rewards takes away the fun. Motivation is key.
SICK AS FUCK.
Emmure seems so perfect right now
Great Job many takeaways!RT : FYI I'm on 3pm panel preso re:Social Media at BizTimes Expo today (say hi!)
Until you find yourself and understand your purpose you'll be lost in this world without meaning..
It's happening again!
i know u live by the 100s..
I'm sleepy, but I can't sleep.
Grand opening: First Friday, October 7th! Until then, we'll be collecting exhibition applications, painting walls and making friends!
I feel old it bout to be damn near time for the high school reunion
Fuckin A. I'm on it for hours as I lay in bed. Its a good source of inspiration and stuff.
#accident on the 805N in Sorrento Valley. Blue sports car & a mini. But it's moving well at the 56.
I think your #timemanagement skills need improving because I am managing to read while working full-time
Absence of armed conflict is just first part of peace. Peace is about people Prof. Jody Williams
R U ready for Men Without Shirts All Male Revue? First Tweep to show this @ door TONIGHT gets in FREE and gets a VIP Dance on stage!
when I miss you I read your twitter feed.
"I got glass in my ass!" - Matheson, Pineapple Express hahahahahaha.
Just finished fun piece on #USASoccer's Rachel Buehler to air in our NBC #Olympic Special. Surprise appearance from included!
5, but I could also probably have them buy their own tickets haha.
Hey this is samantha from <3 follow us on here to support Kristen?<3 -Samantha
makes me want to travel more! Where was this?
#STAY FRESH . RT this if you STAY FRESH! We STAY FRESH all day!
I'm done with the semester! Now it's time to… huh… I'm out of practice with filling my time with leisure activities.
#BTRSeason3 Proud of :')
Well Bye Peeps On Twitter
awesome!! Great to finish on field!
I've doing well having physical therapy every 3 weeks now how about u
Needing a ride from Redondo Beach area to .Flying in to Cali tonight and have no ride tomorrow.Beer&Gas
Oh My!
GM Wednesday!!! #IThankGod just for this moment...Right NOW!!!
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger, and smarter.
Do it ! My 2 are worth about 3 giggles. Each.
thanks for promoting fam! Stoked for tonight #StayLifted #Watts !!!
Unfortunately, Echo the Therapy Dog won't be able to come today to #usfplib. We'll invite her again another time this semester.
HA! doesn't know #TPS either! WOOT! She's with me! Who's on first now? =D
when r u free?!? U r booked and grades come first!
tomorrow at Mother's Grille! 5pm!
If Ron #Artest hit me with the force of that elbow that he just hit #Harden with, I would be dead. #MettaWorldPeace doesn't like peace
Congrats to my good friend Todd Huston for winning HD37 race. An example of how hard work trumps special interests in winning elections!
They day looks to be glorious in San Fran!
Good-Morning twitter nation! Shout out TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson!! It's wake-n-bake time!!
hey, you kept me entertained here in India. :)
Nearly finished recording 1/3 songs!
Sounds lovely, you two have a great time! My anniversary is October 9th. Can't believe it's almost here.
"we're living what we're singing, so I guess that's a step in the right direction"
Sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand.
Well you get an hour break before the Fourth and last speaker series!
Happy Birthday, Ro!! Hope you had a fabulous day!!!
How is everyone? Long time no tweet. Work work work and Indycar racing. Man alive
Np~ pandora~ pimp c radio
Anyone see the Spotty Dotty promos, going on the last few weeks, on Channel 11, for her new TV shows?
This MAN has me laughing over here .. Two points!
Are we going to see you soon?
“: Bats are the gayest of all mammals, they have the highest percentage of homosexual activity.” does that include batman?
Guns on campus will be the deal-breaker for us and Texas. That and the elimination of elementary schools as gun-free zones.
bonalog fashion statement high rubber boots with hot pants Also learning to scatch dj after seeing MURS rap
#kids Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre: Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre Thursday, April 5, 2012 at 4:00 PM V Theater at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas...
you cant hate on another nigga grind, cuz when you do you just slowin yo hustle down
I wonder if our female ancestors were on to something: panty hose to avoid shaving. Hmm maybe I should give them another chance....?
#teamcelibate I need no one
does he have good reason?? “: Y this man just ask me if I'm fucking his wife LOL”
it's my birthday and I hope you can follow me(:
the change, neva die alone, etc. were a prelude to me doin' sometin' "grimey"..U disqualified! RT : I want a noble peace prize!!!!!
Feeling a bit #punctual today.
Um, let me think. is one of my faves! Have you heard "Over You?" Its a great song!
Are u 1 of those people that dont own "Dollar and a Dream"? Be sure to join me tomorrow at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall in Morrow, GA
should be a good ass time haha
#Monday, you snuck up so FAST!
Yea Matt Weiters!
thanks a bunch. . just sent you the info you requested. . if you want more details.. i will be happy to provice.
Just left Nationwide Arena. Bad loss to the worst team in the league, but LOVED the save! have a 3rd backup goalie!
The awkward moment when I see #WeWontWorkoutIf trending and thinking as in the gym "workout" x)
Boycott The Balboa Park Inn in San Diego, they refused to let me stay there on a pre-paid reservation based on my looks alone.
u know what really sucks about fallin 4 some1 u kno u're not right for? u fall anyway bc u think he might turn out to be different
best of luck with #Wingstock this weekend. Sounds like a good time.
I hide things in there all the time
RT : spoke to budding Docs abt "#Ancestry & Genealogy- Foundations for Clinical Practice"in #pm101 last wk at SUNY Upstate!
you going to be in Chicago?
Maybe the Bears are wearing sneakers instead of cleats. The equipment guy should address that at the half.
even if we lose the golf tournament we'll win most intoxicated
Theres A Website Where You Can Watch Movies Not Out Or In Theaters I Already Say The Avengers Awesome Movie!
Just kidding I haven't lost yet, it's the first day
This new song !!! Dough OMG
Thanks for the follow ^_^
I was once the youngest person on Earth... True story!
Ya know when U feel like God is about 2 do something huge & awesome & amazing? I'm feelin it :-)
Beer and Spirits Garden here at the #FerryBuilding is hopping!
I hate this follow limit.
My evening shall henceforth be filled with the Deschanel sisters -- season six of Bones is on Netflix and lots of New Girl to watch!
Oh neat! Thanks for sharing. I'll pass along to the newsroom.
#FF Thank you for the RT!
of course not, but you can def tell. She was flat as a pancake now she got cake? She got upgraded
yes i am and okayy(:
#ICantShowLove because I've been hurt too much & I tend to keep my guard up! x
I feel like "love child" sounds better to me then son or daughter cause often there's no love in that.
Thanks for da love ;)
just caught this nigga kenny in a full on sprint to the bathroom in flip flops he saw me n tried to slow down but i was already laughn
Kiss [kis] n. - A memorable way to begin a new year. Can also mean my last name ; ) #happynewyear luv The Kisses x
That's what im trying to do ... How did you do it?
#SAYSOMETHIN wa GREAT! I'm so proud of Austin!
well said. RT “: So the Astros can have a gun on their jerseys but I cant get an eggy mcmuffin because its 10:35?!?!”
can't wait for you to join us here on the East Coast; especially our lovely summers in the Hamptons!
at Comcast filling out a fraud report ; since mf's can't pay how they weight .
#HappyMothersDayAngieSimpson you are such a great mom to we love you. <3
“: PRESSURE- Makes diamonds, but it also bust pipes!”
Just watched the amazing spider-man trailer. I'm squealing with excitement
and replied no in a good funny way and u called her a fucking cunt...stop being a online bitch..man up!!
How to Rock is So amazing, Best Show Ever and i absolutely love the music,can't wait to see the rest of the epi.
omg I know witch one your talking about . It makes me wanna puke
Sun, that picture is awesome! Just saw it.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels. ~ Thomas Carlyle
mos def! Need entire city calming in all areas!
I did my eyebrows today.
In business you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate.
design hero overload here at the moment, I'm flushed
We enjoyed Paper Flower and are excited too! Hope to see you there!
WEN U TRY TOO HARD SHIT GOES WRONG TRUTH IS I WAS SO AFRAID OF LOOSING U, I PUSHED U AWAY. I REALY BELIVED I WAS RIGHT..
I'm one of those anti-proliferation guys who hopes for a time when all nations collectively agree to reduce their use of ginger.
Pinnacle Hospital
Wow yeah cool tell me again about how Led Zep were lyrical geniuses but Nicki Minaj raps about hoes ergo music today is terrizzzzzzzzz
#FreeMusicWeekend win CD "Emotional traffic" all weekend long on #Pittsburgh. Win the 1st copy at 5:33pm!
are you coming to BEA? You are, right?
Lower high and lower low.
I know I'm slow, but... Omg! Smrt ceo resigned???? Been so busy at work I need to catch up on news!
RT : If you are interested in helping Marissa Alexander, please send your email address to
At Wesleyan University day after tomorrow. You Already know! come see me if you're in Middletown, CT!
lunch and evening...
Students are here. Let it rain!
lot's of people! But we always have a good after party amd it is right up the road.
Oh snap no wonder ppl lik Vicodin soo much :D
💘 RT : I haven't purchased this many magazines since J14 has Backstreet Boys on the cover! Love you !!!
at night when the dogs get going, so do the donkeys... guard donkeys??
Wrapping up promotional video compilation for iiMod Program...will post to Youtube & Teacher Tube....stay tuned.
and he is the biggest proponent of payday lenders.
Yeah. You've been quieter :).
Is there anything better than #golfing in #Scottsdale? It's truly a paradise out here!
gonna need you to submit info to have you approved to participate...holla. will be in the building
ok that's fine
Drake is the new and better Chris Brown .
thanks for the MT. Happy holidays !
I will be visiting Mom today and then off to Hofstra to see the basketball team play UNC Wilmington
pm or am, I'm confused :) I'll try to!
Thank you to St. William Parish in Waukesha for their recent grant! The ALC is so very blessed.
Looking to implement Mike Dunlap's system. Do you have this system information for full implementation?
dirty rice
very true about the lineups.
Just found out I have high blood pressure...
Iol ok I will did u like it haha u were in it THT whole first part haha
I'm excited for ASB next year :-D
Just got invited to Cancun by one of my loves! I ACCEPT!
yeah, it's a pretty sweet concept.
some changes fina take place, even if i have to go thru hell
if Spo had any sense you'd get it back in your mailbox stamped 'return to sender'... Jones can shoot but has to be WIDE open
you are so cute!! Thankyou!! I'm back to Aus in 1 month, we MUST catch up :) I love ur tweets u inspire me love x
Tighten Up
i followed you can you follow me back??
I took the kiddies to a playground. What are you doing to soak up the vitamin D?
Your love is a one in a million , it goes on and on and on.
I never saw you guys! :'(
Day two of leaving my glasses at home. I still refuse to bump the font size up
i dont tweet much but now i am trust me
follow me so i can dm you
she already knows. Haha dude I'm gonna have you peeing yourself. Just wait lol we are gonna be crazy
And I want a Nissan 370z nismo but I don't got one lol
Can I get an RT for "Colder Weather" co-writer, #levilowrey, please?
I'm good with any of those three.. Wherever we go will be a blast mark0
Hey hey heyy
now addressing the media live on ESPN.
I'm not interested in myself per se. I'm interested in myself as theme carrier, as host. - David Shields
People say "yeah fuck school" but once its summer they say "fuck i have nothing to do"
I love having fiestas in Spanish! Mexican hat dance! Haha
We want to see you up on our Prime Rib Wall of Fame ! Enjoy your dinner tonight!
what makes you think he's had sex yet?
Life is too short to waste. Dreams are fulfilled only through action, not through endless planning to take action. David Schwartz
I wish my gf would cheer up:/
Any word on if is coming back together yet?
Excuse me, but you have a little people on your forehead.
Any of my followers in Wichita, Ks? Going there at end of month. One of the few places in US I have not been before.
Thanks for the mention.
Carmo is great but closed Mondays. We're heading to Back to the Garden on Howard
Hopefully he can bounce back.. He's still young and talented, but he's not helping the team at all right now
San Diego says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Who wants to text?(:
Aw aw, I love you guys.
My brother just asked his girlfriend to marry him... :o Not sure how to feel about this quite yet..
RT : Help wish Columbus a happy 200th birthday at the OHIOCENTRIC reception today at , 1-3 pm....
Grabbed the last Mexican Coke at Taco Shack. It's gonna be a good day.
THAT one!
Loving all the throw pillows on
Five day forecast... Hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey, rain.
Ref shackled that nigga up lhh
Hey I seen ya earlier conversation, yo we on tv today doe, it's not one of them online games only
I think the Packer tweeters are grooming a new fan with
I enjoy it. A bit over-the-top and way too many monologues but it's really fun to watch.
90? And humid too, I'm sure. Blech. Hoping it's just tomorrow and not the whole week...
Looking forward to Learning from Leaders w/Messmer Catholic Schools President & Board Director, Brother Bob Smith.
I can't mess wit ha kind
yeah. All I can think about is making a fire and get cozy.
We're going to feature some brand spanking new Mother's Day deals this week! Stay tuned.
I'll be your friend! :)
"Of Rice and Men" - Edible tales not accepted by Pearson.
I hate having to watch people struggle on stage. Worst feeling ever.
I am now, but would love you more if I could easily pin what I like, not just re-pin what you think I should.
We need more on TV......Where has our Karn gone?
Props to & ! Kickin it with and a bunch of other cool peeps.
following you, brother
Wherever you are, I hope you're having as beautiful a morning as we are here in Austin. It's good to be home after a week of travel. :-)
Reading ramona and beezus to the kid. I think now she understands why I named our dog Beatrice.
I know youu don't Haa.
Hi Anthony - you can! Just log in to 1000memories.com with your same username and you can edit all of those things post-uploading.
I understand. It's ruff in the bluff! Lol
I really hate you
happy thanksgiving chad! xo
“: Sometimes you need to stop over thinking things & just follow your heart.”
Proud to say I have as one of my idols..he's one truly amazing person..my 11:11 wish is that he'd notice me one day :( <33
You were off. Was for a message to my little brother about the Oreo Line congratulating him on breeding. Only pic I had.
Pesky "life bumps"kept me from reading Pigtail book when I first got it but I finished it last night-Loved it-Many Thanks!
I should unfollow you for that terrible tweet.
I appreciate it!
Ron, pivotal point
Mutual! I always enjoy people FROM Minneapolis at an away conference.
"No clue. I was hammered" is the most annoying & cowardly explanation of an ambiguous drunk text.
yea but now it's time for some sleep!!! Goodnight! :D
you have a fan!!! RT I just met your husband at the #bestofmkeweb. Super nice guy! :)
Is my silly gf. And she is being a poop face :/
If you don't see me on here constantly, it's because I'm busy being successful.
The American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom. - Maya Lin
Congrats to Everest Agency for making the TBJ Top Graphic Design Firms in Raleigh! You are a great creative force.
Wow. Beautiful designs. Nice work!
which half?
Happy Valentines Day love ya.?ur da cuttest adorable puppy ever.
totally trying out ubuntu right now!! and loving it.
's solo exhibit at the Image Box Gallery 4933 Penn Ave. Tomorrow 6-10pm , ,
I'm watching kendra reruns
Everyone should get a friend who stutters."Hey Arik you want to ch-ch-chill?" as long as you keep bringing those beats yeah.
Watching conversation but on the road. Know there has been discussion, can't put finger on it right now
Team Adam ;D
go rt austin's last tweet
I WAS SINGING #SaySomethin ON THE BUS TODAY! EVERYONE WAS LOOKING AT ME :'D I MADE THE SONG FAMOUS ON MY BUS! YOUR WELCOME ;)
Boozer ass be funny as hell during the games. Just be shouting some off the wall shit.
yea, thank you!<3
I only like the plain ones :)
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved
Somebody say - Jesus!
nice . Would you be interested in working on some tracks . Please DM me
just clicked on a negative ad attacking Dem Gov Tomblin by the Republican Governors on towleroad.com
4. Think Judge Evans's 3rd-factor analysis most problematic. Not just hard upper limit (weirdly, talked abt as if fac could have known)
thank you!
Can't wait to see you at lunch tomorrow! Let's see if you really check Twitter. :)
so true!!
Schools almost out. Quick year
waiting in line to get great taste of the Midwest (beer fest) tickets.
Hey Twitter! Thank you guys for the follows and I will try to follow you back so hold on tight! And Happy Halloween!!!
i don't think about it.♥
The stupidest law ever passed here. I thought it was supposed to be used for people passed out in doorways and shit.
#whosgonnalose - Ohio State v Oregon - Ohio State will lose
LOL lies nigga i seen u with your shirt tied up bahahaha
damnn salad n sum coronas for breakfast jammin that crew love :)
A post on scary? I can do that. :)
Check on very positive trainer
No, no. A bunch of us are discussing like/dislike of olives. Slow Twitter day.
I just slipped on ice and i think i keyed my car. We'll see in the morning.
Saw some cool space capsules today...wish our space program had an operational vehicle right now
How far do you think the packers will go into the post season???
strange, I've never heard of it. I might check it out then.
He's a good guy in other ways, but we don't get along particularly well.
WOAH, bad auto correct.. Supposed to be PAID, not laid.. Not that they have anything to do with each other.
Yes!! So great! RT So much twitter love from the fans and supporters of and - very cool!
alright, i'll tell em tomorrow.
Starting this lovely work day with a little bit of STRESS!!! Not what I need!!! 4PM!!!
Keep an eye out for your doppelgänger... today is National Look Alike Day! Not to over shadow 420 or anything.
ok, I'll "help" - tell them to put something in your drink.... U won't feel a thing...
thanks man
did you see that is going to hae a summer tour!!
I've always wanted one of those!
AWESOME VANILLA scented MELON soup...
Slides are about illustrations and blackboards explain relationships. So, use Prezi.
we coming for you tonight. Knick city baby!
COOL Cute Tho (:
Vision without action is daydreaming and action without vision is a nightmare. – Anon
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
Join us tonight for Lori Michaels in our Black Diamond Lounge! 8:30p-11:00p
Thanks You! I'm glad you like it <3 & I'm fine & youu? :)
please tell me your secret to eating all day and gaining NO WEIGHT AT ALL. I need to know your secret.
Cures the day my big sis became a directoner
Here we go!
Getting lotion all in your mouth
I wish would see all my amazing pick up lines :|
#FF for all you auto repair needs.
Heh, #vmas? That's the most music shows all year!
R.I.P Whitney Houston a true diva
All I know is we would've won at home, most def.
poo holes needs to mind his own f**king business!
good morning #Bestie!! I'm doing great, 1st day off, got some errands to run then relax time. You stay on your grind.
GETTIN READY TO GET OUT SO I CAN GO IN.... READY FOR WHAT EVA!!!!! IF YU STAY READY YU AINT GOTTA GET READYZ
spruce street
You grew up way to fast and now there's nothing to believe and reruns all become our history
Clearly they are both plotting your demise. I say deploy the liquid nitrogen, stat.
totally obsessed with Grace Under Fire
#FF Thanks Norma! You too. Any plans ?
Tonight volunteers up their game in preparation for May 19th opening. Thks to #Carmel City Councilor Ron Carter Market Master for 14 years
Hopefully I cut chops a little more evenly than sideburns!
next time then. You gonna be around Saturday?
Thanks for the lovely tweet yesterday! :)
I follow because they care about the music and fans more then money and fame. They are a band who deseves to be followed.
MD Food Bank posted a link on our facebook wall w/info on how u can win the opportunity 2 throw the first pitch at our 7/15 #Orioles game
Just made my first personal training appointment in years! Congratulate me on my effort, hey?
I'm a little nervous how much attention Siri gets from me even with voice commands.
just wondering how pumped is right now that the stock market is up
Just finished a day of 10 hours on the phone. What was your day like?
Randy on "high-impact practices," both inside and outside the formal classroom. Students doing things that matter to them.
Tom! It is Bob Hawkins. Call me at 619-994-0848 asap! Re: our Q&A. Thanks
our wedding is the 30th (:
I was passing the blunt. Then I thought 2 myself (out loud)... what's Jesus grandma name?
true!! Tysons is just a war zone. :/
please follow to learn about our job opps. and to discuss relevant recruiting info & job search tips :)
If they're being truthful, the ads were run as filler, and Geico didn't pay Limbaugh's show any money. Hope that's right.
Spoken like a Californian! (Unprofitable&unoccupied houses are very common in depressed/depopulated rural areas too.)
When you tell me I'm a wreck, you say that I'm a mess. How could you expect anything less?
In the end, I'm just a fucked up kid.
Everyone has a chance of winning...
Orthodontist went well!
i love you more Kat! <3 ill forever be ur guardian Angel ill have ur back forever<33333
Twitter the only place people can be out of character.
Delicious Licks are #prepackaged, #premixed, and #portable #cocktails. A party made delicious!
GM4L is always open to business and positivity. helping CHANGE THE WORLD WITH Fashionista Mag Beauty
<3 Google calendar! Imported schedule to determine when to avoid I-5! Other calendar->Browse Interesting Calendars->Sports
Believe to achieve
You really just need to go ahead and come work for us. :)
I have one of those names that everyone needs to say my whole first&last name every time they see me lmao 👍😁
hahaha this was a continuation of my nightly tweets. I was still up making suggestive tweets at 6am lol.
Hello all!
and = Women who love sports.
just followed (:
Hi Hyejung, where is your practice located? Great to see you on twitter. I just started myself :)
In drama there can be a good deal of comedy.
miss you on facebook.
the moment of joy you get when you find out one of your favorite youtubers like minecraft :D
Antoinette?!? That's a petty awesome middle name!
#FF to one of our newest epic cookie locations.... on Pike St!
- alright, maybe a glass of wine or two before I leave for the hair appointment would do the trick
I've been detouring through the city to avoid I-94 construction. Makes the commute predictable, and it's fun to see the kids going to school
sure why not P:
has it turned any Egyptians away from democracy? I know ours do for me.
I'm so tired from a lack of sleep lately but man I picked the right night to stay up! Brauny on fire!
Its sad when you look around and you realize dont nobody gaf about nobody but theirselves
lmao my nigga said the i'm broke face
then you're going to need to pay me double.
RT : Register now for a free #HBRwebinar on 5/2. will share his leadership lessons from
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!!
(Reminder) ^_^ "adsfoj: Eat better. Floss your teeth. Stay fit. Be sexy...."
Aight Juniors lets kill this EOC!
I'm looking forward to this!
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL Draft: Building Toward New-Look West Coast Offense
You're just in time for the upcoming Early Bird Draw! You could end up extra lucky!
Pieces of my mind Scattered about in the dark Sickness raping me #haiku 1
Not sure... Do you mean a streaming link?
thank you sweetheart
And that she would be the queen of L.A.
Congrats to for winning a #PRNewsCSR award yesterday with our client HanesBrands for the Green for Good program!
Thanks! I try not to make a fool of myself out there. Some people act like it is the World Cup Final out there.
Good luck on your final! Sushi was a good study choice :)
join the club *everybody's getting dumped*, it seems like nobody really feels like dating the same person long, anymore.
So excited for the opening of LA on Friday. Who's coming with me to see kill it behind the bar?
I miss that dead bug
RT : Mayor announces free metered Parking every Sat after 11am to Xmas
please write in to if you haven't already; need more bandwidth & we don't monitor twitter as closely
First Preview of Cloudlands Sunday 2pm. South Coast Repertory. Come one , come all!
chill hold on ha lemme get home first:p
Nothing like family unity! Loving families have the guts to have compassionate hearts. More need it!
Status? Is he ok? RT : Yosvany was involved in the crash! ;(
It's heating up in #sandiego ! Such a great day to live near the beach.
herb dean is obviously the epitome, find me another good one.
I may not get 2 fixing up the changes to the blog that were not intentional. Was trying to change the layout not colors, but writing.
missing my grandson...ah shucks..Nana needs a break, but when they gone..its sadness..lol
It's beginning to look like the server has been misconfigured or possibly corrupted.
I know he wouldn't..unless he lost a steel cage loser leave town match
Overall transport time for emergency medical calls increased by avg 5 min 11 sec in wards impacted by Huron closing.
Tons of people all over downtown DC still standing on street corners hoping for one more #discovery fly-over. #SpottheShuttle was awesome!
what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay?
He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things. -Edward F. Halifax
outcome numbers from summer programs at firms
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if we really believed...
rest of bad qirls club, fantasy factory , then bed <3
im not making it a big deal, you keep saying shit.. stay out of it. damn
From another Max, consider me waiting. And corrected.
Rize of the Fenix by Tenacious D is the greatest album so far this year
any time!
Next: "Education across Virtual Worlds: A Case Study," A conversation with Audrey Aronowsky of the Field Museum of Chicago
The patios have opened early around Columbus. Where is your favorite place to go have a cocktail or grab some grub after work?
Achievemnt in Film Editing... Girl with the Dragon Tattoo! Hell Yes!
Happy New Year!
cataloged "The Ring & the Cross: Christianity & the Lord of the Rings" Can't wait to read how the Entwives are the spiritual core of LOTR!
My teacher called me a hoodlum. I win
oh eez okay i understands.
Me n my nigga just fucked da city up n da drop
Coffee? RT : Nice to hear what the #Cherrywood baristas are giving up for lent.
Me too.:( Large project took over my plan to go. I know we will meet though!
Too much time in the airport leads to excessive tweeting.
Well long day and I see everyone is still ticking!! Nite!
oh no! feel better i love you(:
