I think I was a bit overzealous with the coffee this morning. I have the shakes
One more reason why #idea10 is going to be amazing. RT : 9 days till Fudgie the Whale...
RT : We've got a bold vision for bold change - follow us to learn more.
I see the campaign is being run by children... Interesting...
What's the name of the nyc sushi spot? I will try Amura when I get to FL in a few days and I'll b the tie brkr!
i WILL try!!!
Capitalism should not be condemned, since we haven't had capitalism. -Ron Paul
What should we listen to today?
ill join you in having one of my own
Live at Badgers Victory Party at Regent Street Retreat, 3pm today!
Excited for #gala2012 making waves yet again!
I'm going to pound your green shit in you little alien cunt
I need to go to a Diamondback game real bad.
If you could describe Frank Sinatra in one word, what would it be?
Why is no one answering me??? #drunk and
GOOD ! RT“: Why does everyone want me to be pregnant? I'm okay! I don't want kids any time soon!!! Jeez”
yep. Bookmark. Lol!
Time is fiction
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
I can ride my bike with no handle bars , no handle bars , no handle bars!!
Oh, the "is that real?" question. Are these strangers asking?
you forgot to deepfry the sandwich
Thanks, Chad! & gave fantastic presentation on Video 101 for NPO's and the #tsdigs challenge!
Also, Andrew Bynum to be named Punk Supreme RT: AP Source: LeBron James to be named NBA MVP on Saturday."
hello from West Texas
Osama bin-Laden is gone. Fate of second-in-command of Al Qaeda, Ayman al-Zawahiri, is unclear. Let's hope he joins bin-Laden at sea soon!!!
Sure thing! Who's the huge fan?? I presume it's not you ;)
lol don't want u to get one thne i don't have anything. but i think we could have are next contest coming soon. lol
damn, be cool
Braid – Lucky To Be Alive
very cool!
Rielle Hunter's real name is not Rielle Hunter? SHOCKING!
the picture is 2nd period I hope we don't dress because I lost my shoe!
I just emailed you Roy, if the email on facebook is correct.
reduce.reuse.recycle.
oh honey, bad is way more fun ;)
Don't try to tell me that... It's mine, so of course I would know
About to see Gregory Maguire and Kate Beaton (of Hark! A Vagrant)
so early ._.
#questionsthatdontgetanswers How many people have you slept with.
People on I-80, if you are the driver, STOP READING SHIT ON YOUR PHONE & fucking drive!!!! I don't want to die because you are stupid.
is out. Who do you like in the #GOP #CNNDebate tonight? Watch with 7pm.
Don't want this to be over.
I think I'm forever alone.
the remix im listening to >>
you are so sweet I love you beautiful princess
HAPPY HOUR STARTS NOW!!!!
my phone either re-sends texts to people or withholds texts sent to me. -__-
Merry Christmas Las Olas!! The street is shut down and the set up is beginning!! We'll see you all for the festivities tonight!! ;-)
They set Him up beat Him up but they still couldnt shut Him up! #JESUSisLord have a great Sunday!
was so good!
It's all about them #jayhawks. Gonna show the world who we are. Rock that chalk baby. Oh n
Form of warm facade, what rich beyond, makes me smile washes over me like a meadow at break of dawn...
Just tell people you're related next time. I'm sure they'd buy it.
I don't think they can co-exist period. Three ball-handers, no pure shooters, not enough USG to go around.
Thanks for the mention and #FF back at you!
Thanks for the info! It is such a great idea. So exciting!!!! :)
I've been busy workin. How's school?
Cameron get rid of that pussy grow d**** Lmao !! *Steve voice **
Wait, who is this guy?
love when people fucking lie.
did you take CPR & did you just want to learn or were you required for some reason? CPR is good to know!!
I'm going to go Kony if I don't get something to eat around here...
Hey girl!Let's tweet.(:
safe traveling RT : Ok I'm on board & heading ur way NYC!!!! I'll tweet again once I've landed.....luv u guys!!!*muah*
": Teach a man to Reel Big Fish and we'll have something to talk about." Tough when he can't even Skankin Pickle.
hm Spaceballs haha its old but good
I'm beginning to like this producing thing. It's a lot of fun putting all the right people in the same room together!
Chuck Norris counted to Infinity...twice!
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is
Maybe they're tired from yesterday.
“: "king of the burbs.. It's a ghetto rival" I forgot which one use to say it though lol” John Brown
u love boxings so u gotta let me kno who u got for the fight tonite
Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.~J.G.Herder
"If you're not going to be a lawyer or investment banker, at least consider marrying one."- Today's helpful career advice from my editor.
let's do it.
They even have door locks at the 99c store I mentioned. I'll buy you one of those and it will be EASY to pick next time! lol
BRING BACK BLUE
If Torres comes on and nets the winner, he'll be viewed as by what from #CFC supporters?
I thought it would look nice in my chateau
Brain break from #podhbcu. Heading to din w an old friend in VaHi.
Happy Thursday everyone! We will be part of the Greenwood Art walk tomorrow -stop by between 6-9pm to see some nature photography and say hi
#Congress: “Without #afterschool programs where are children supposed to go? On the streets? Home alone?” –Mary
Guys said they going be at the bar by 5:30..uh wait they trying to get drunk before the game at 7 smh
Kobe nem bs'n
"Can't Pay! Won't Pay!" performance tomorrow Madison Sq Park for Free University at 2pm
NYC non-union gaffers available for a RED cam shoot this saturday contact me asap:
And when Clinton inevitably screws up: "I did NOT have relations with that bracket!"
my bad I tagged that to the end of most of my last tweets either way.. But how yu been tho?..
Just came 2 the realization that i was just making matzo brei 4 b'fast at the same time i was making pork should for dinner.
At Vincent #Art, we know New Orleans and would be glad to recommend the best “local favorites” instead of the typical tourist traps.”
Oh SweetBabyJesus. RT "Mad respect to my main man LL Cool J," adds LL Cool Moonves
Can't wait for next weekends lady gaga episode of the Simpsons
as soon as we do, you'll be first on the list to know. Take care.
Went running and apparently we weren't supposed to lol xD there's something wrong with the air or something told us too late.
what are you talking about
I dont recall getting an invitation...I got the #1 seed in mine..tooting my horn on my 11-2
My relationship with God is that keeps me sane through it all .
RT : RT : Men Increasingly Marry Better-Educated, Better-Paid Women: In a reversal of a long-standing trend....
o where do you work?
la dispute, such small hands.
State Farm and cars 2 awesome match up!
Come on Revis, come to a compromise!
Aw. Shucks.
p.s. - safety first
Loving u is wrong then i don't wanna be right
#WeirdFactAboutMe i burst out laughing about something that made me laugh two days ago. I just bust out laughing for no reason sometimes.
why even once?! RT “: Why do people get married more than once?”
Razzle squatini? What the heck is that?
The #Oregon vs. #Nevada game is on FX ... does that mean I don't get my Rescue Me rerun?
that's all us homie...
Excited about the possibilities of the #sexcowproject ... BOOK COMING SOON! :)
Sometimes when I get beta invitations in the mail, so much time has passed, I'm like, "What was this service/tool again?" You get that too?
The guy in front of my keeps hitting my leg, quit playing footsies with me!!
Zimmerman waives his right to a speedy trial. Defense Counsel needs more time to prepare a defense.
Got a new followuuuuh.
great, great movie.
Can someone bring me a cheesequake blizzard from Dairy Queen with caramel?!
Can I get an invite please? Love this idea.
CTFU Im Just The Man Bruh . .
completely agree. Ill throw people's babies, vacations, and discussing your particular weather on that list
I'm a little irritated right now. But ill get over it. Imma hold my mule cause I don't feel like arguing wit anyone today.
Are You On If U Are Check The Message I sent u On YouTube i Am SingOrSwim1 Please Check it out
awww goodnight potato :"(( love you<3
"Living life one day at a time, and trying to be the best I can with each one". Inspiring!
Just finished great writing session with Dirk. Great song unfolding. Playing with "Steps of Faith" at Discovery Church Sunday morning.
I Think Your Mouth Should Be Quiet Cause It Never Tells The Truth
Bummer about Viola....
I feel so much better, thankgod for 💓
I could NEVER get tired of "Dennis the Menace"! This is one of my FAVORITE movies!
Good Morning
have fun in my country its a honer to have you there
Listening to the Yankees and White Sox... doing laundry...watching Sharks and Flames game 7...I'm a great multitasker, eh?
Made ya look.
Follow - author of The Last Letter & a great author supporting other authors! Thanks Kathie!
Q. Did you hear about the male prostitute who got leprosy? A. He did okay until his business fell off.
no when we were telling u "the lies" not those fictional stories
haha yes it is but at least there's never a rain out. Nice bonus when traveling 3 hours to a game.Now I don't mind going to Miami
Grape Fanta real nigga soda.
Yup no problem hit me up anytime.
Is it democracy that rules or is it the electoral college? Can we say Al Gore. Either way I'd vote 4 u Roseanne
Thanks for the RT!!!
Girl Scouts said the Girl Scout Promise and danced to "celebrate". Customers were surprised!
haha thanks! Random! Ill take it!
UK this weekend and Indianapolis next weekend, #soexcited!
Can you please! follow me I recently feel in ♥ w/ The Fashion Fund | your childhood story REALLY resonates w/ me(my) :) !*)
Hopefully they'll come out with new mio youtube videos. :)
David Ney at Honey Moon Tasting Room, 8:30pm. No cover.
Just finished a long photoshoot. San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley silicon valley
Bama in the swamp! Go Gators!
If the Yankees are on the WS? You can pretty much bet your last nickel I'll be at every game. As it is I go to about 25
Ha! I thought I saw you!
Atleast I Know Im Cute & Doing Me !
Aint talked to in a good lil minute!
toronto attractions
Tell me of these ingredients.
RT Love works every time. Pass it on.
We've got 1/2 price bottles of vino all day and Sawdust Symphony tonight at 7:30. What a great Monday, #Milwaukee!
Had a great week of recruitment last week, and we wish our alpha chapter much luck! <3
You'll never be alone, you will never be out of options, you will never have to settle, every goal is attainable
Had a dream I was at a weird dinner party in an occult bookstore with Terence McKenna and Zack Galifianakis. We were discussing time travel.
Well done ! where is my invite?
I don't suffer from INSANITY I enjoy every minute
I can't wait for you to see the new kitchen!
Its got oats and corns and wheat its the sweetest breakfast treat its maple maple maple-licious!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 33
can u pleas follow me Mo Couch?
oh awesome... did you name her (or him)? I want to see pictures!!
What the hell is a 'car lift'? Mitt is just, well not one of us. T3IwA7WSN2s.twitter via
Yeah it is one of our favs! We shared it on our Facebook and Twitter!
well would you like to go see the hunger games with me ha
Thanks for the RT Commissioner!!!
-Every challenges has it`s own price. :D
Distance sucks... my room is so far from the kitchen .
Once you know to read, you will be free forever - Frederick Douglass READ AMERICA - IT IS THE BASIS OF DEMOCRACY AND FREEDOM
good call on the pacers. they're lookin real good
want to take you girls out after the concert?....oh Rita what would we do without her
says some bacteria from food illness excrete toxins that can do a lot of damage
The way I feel tonight is like the same feeling I had on a day back in 2010.....
A tequini is a martini made with tequila instead of dry gin.
tell me about Wisecup. Know anything about him?
it's different when that light comes from a SOCCER stadium... More evil or something
Get em RT : Pumped up after a great gym session yesterday.. ready to let the beast out again today!!
Thanks bro. Been crazy here. Three kids will do that. :) Hope all is well on your end. Stay strong!!!!!
my current one has 1 like. i'm too cool for likes, so i'm a bigger deal.
Hart Johnson Terry Cahill Cole Parker Lampard Gerrard Young Rooney Wellbeck. Start as 442, end up 4132 and ENG will be home by the 20th.
Dear One Direction , there is something wrong with my bed. You're not in it
Bak To Paris Today
“"If I'm louder would you see me" "Hands are silent" "Voices numb" our boys obviously have no clue what senses go with what body part.” OMFG
things are hectic but thats not a bad thing I suppose. Keeping busy with 'stuff'. Really looking forward to the big dance today
exactly.. But I might have to just to get some relief
well, I saw John stamos at jazz feat yesterday. Admittedly not as cool. Stamos was never a Jedi.
my mom watches that
GOD DAMN IT ZIVA. WHY
Maybe it's sad, but I love the headlines "Spring boy finds pet chickens mutilated" denverpost.com/breakingnews/ci_17635086
BREAKING NEWS: 270 WB AT 71 NB on the north side is CLOSED due to a motorcycle accident.
As of 8:45 am many buses are running behind schedule due to traffic and weather conditions.
you should totally reply to this if you see it. you're freaking amazing, & i love your youtube videos. 
Linguist to a room full of bilinguals: "In N.M., they [Spanish speakers] call a garden hose 'tripa de agua'!" Bilinguals: [Hearty guffaws.]
. Thanks to everyone at 14th & V for a terrific time at A.C.T.O.R.! Y'all do it right.
What do we want? Things that make noise and fit in our mouths! When do we want it? We have no conception of time!!!! (baby protests)
"I wasn't that drunk." "Dude, you logged onto Myspace..."
When the stick unloads everyone becomes a casualty
What a coincidence! I'm addicted to writing for We're like twins.
what will 2012s song of the summer be?!?! it can't be something that's already released. it has to be a pop jam.
why didn't you go?
RT Minnesota #Vikings accept stadium deal; House & Senate to vote on it in the next 12 hours.
"wanna play some modern double-ya 3 feller?" - my brother
Never thought that it'd be easy cause we both so distant now and the walls are closing in on us and were wondering how
People need to stop and think before they say something that makes them even more stupid
Happy for George....some of the best moments I have as a Bucks fan were the standing ovations the BC crowd use to give him when he walked in
Left your credit card at the bar last night?
500 I think, There my cousins trying to help him get rid of them
DID I REALLY JUST DROP A DUB TO GET IN THIS BOTCH? ITS SUM FEMALES THO
which season of Downton are you watching?
im back twitter :)
Fuck Jersey Shore, Grey's Anatomy its back tonight!!! :-)
Need to move beyond the scarcity/pseudocompetition mindset MT : winners = companies that integrate
Back reading Twitter after an inattentive while. Say, is there anything I could get outraged about? I've really missed that.
Bouttah Get Some Tree
you're third person to ask me that. It's called iHome Alarm or something. Search alarm in store and find it. Lots of reviews.
You don't want Botox in that face.
#Anonymous opens here in WNY today. Feel as if I have been waiting years for this film.
Will do!
At "Publishing from the library" at Berkeley. Could this be the new direction for open access? Let's find out!
My prom dress is gonna be a Bella Rose original :)
check your Facebook... I found something you might like
I read "fish stocks" & my first thought was the pot on my stove.
All right. Happy New Year
Thanks boss; am enjoying Edinburgh at the moment. Hope you're well on yr way to recovery....
UHG IM SORRAY, i was editing my video ): its uploaded, go watch it ;)
I don't understand twitter! Could you not just put this on Facebook? My twitter is reserved for sporting!
Well. This will be fun.
have fun!
Thank you veterans!
yup. I was impressed when I saw it was from his 'mobile' device...
almost to my 900th tweet. who should i make it to ?
how does this look? Font identified!
I have this disease that prevents me from giving a shit.
is the designer for Cher, Elton John, Christina Aguilera and now he has a fabric collection with
I am finally leaving the hotel! conference officially over, only a few more video posts to upload before the real fun begins...
looks like a great time!
Don't forget to check out this weeks FREEROLLS and great fantasy games to take advantage of!
You know that part in the Constitution where it says to consult the bible? Yeah...it doesn't. The Constitution is supreme law of the land
andys jazz club w/ coolest cats ever
hahaha ew shut it. I literally just texted you..a picture of my hammie. She's such a cutie.
Loving You is like a battle and we both end up with scars!
Ain't THAT the truth smh....RT ": #1 Friday nights arent what they used to be"
Can't wait to go out in the city w/ 3 wk countdown
“Terry Francona talking about pitchers who get the yips on their throws to first base. Lester, Roger Clemens, many others, as well
What matters to you, doesn't matter to them. What matters to them, doesn't change anything.
Celebrate Purple Friday@ Sonic #Baltimore &try Sonic Toaster Melts 4 only $1.99>homemade onion rings, Cherry Limeade& special Pumpkin Shake
boom! And my middle part.
Thank God It's Friday!!!
kind of feel stupid now for driving thru UW Madison campus the other day screaming "We Are - - Marquette"
Carolyn Hank talking abt archiving blogs
Please share our Page with your friends & family. Thank you to everyone who has LIKED our page so far!
Wait, why can't I have a douchey one??
yup Gary Harris hit a buzzer beater, HSE won 86-83...and the 3rd ranked team in the state is going home..already
When defeat comes,accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
BULLYING IS A BAD CHOICE!!! Choose to be nice... Choices are endless, Be Choosey
Almost done with my She Holds the Rabbit print
Thanks for the follow, ! Love the new episodes of and your new single that came out last Tuesday!!
hate speech? You're kidding right? Were you saying the same about Sharpton? Farrakhan? Jackson? 5-6 wks ago re: Trayvon?
"No offense" means I'm about to insult you, but don't get mad.
I'm not a laker fan but I'm wanna see kobe go to work tonight!
Awesome! Thanks for listening we appreciate it
Eek! So happy for you :)
#WhatIMissMost not having to pay bills those were the days
Watching classic horror movies on a cold rainy night makes all the difference!
Summer street is packed with hundreds of people having a good time.
they are off to an up and down start the bats are quiet but they will turn it around
there is, its called TriniDaD's house;))
Great to talk to you today! I really hope my thoughts on the US-Mex press coverage were helpful. Good luck on the move!
Gotcha. We do appreciate proper art for sure. Hopefully we come up with designs you like. We'll be accepting ideas soon too.
Thomas J. Watson
Today 1849: Southport (now Kenosha) built a brick school house; it was the first free school funded entirely by taxes.
thanks cos I'm new to the midwest and this stuff is freaking me out (fear of tornadoes)
We're heading to Modesto, CA tonight for our first out of state show. We're excited. Thank you all for supporting us.
ditto, man. Happy Birthday to ya!
Dreams are meant to be lived. Not to be pushed to the back burner.
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week. Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
yep i tried thought iwas on twitter jail but then when i tried adding other words to it the tweet it worked..
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Omg Steelo Brim Just Tweeted Back! Haha iFeel So Awesome! (:
": I might take a nap . To ease my mind :/"smoke a blunt to clear ur mine
#smx The lady who printed the badges...I really appreciate her beauty. Oh yea...the FB ecosystem...wtf lol?
The utterly atrocious & pathetic passing of Amendment 1 in NC today reminds me how horrific this country truly is against its own citizens.
I've Been Everywhere Looking For You Babe ......
Also spotted in a high stakes cash game in LA this week: 3Bet pro John "The Razor" Phan sporting a 'HU4ROLLZ" shirt and a 3Bet hat!
Damn right its me,I'm her nigga,nigga.
Thank you, I'll do my best! Thank you for following me back! :-)
I sent you the beat mayne
but anyways really good drawing hun ^_^
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
OH I MISSED BLAMING THE SKY! LOLdoesn't surprise me...you know, they think METS are dying to trade for Zman
I dont think these guys even play fantasy football
Thanks to all who came and decorated Maiolica bowls! Special thanks to Diana Melancon for donating the glaze and glaze tips...
Know someone who should be getting our Facebook or Twitter updates? Help us to get to 100 likes and follows!
love this!
If u r Underemployed And Hating Life then we need to talk to change your financial situation with a Home Based Business 1-646-397-9817
Yeah, I've found myself in the habit of that, too, but I feel like that shouldn't count.
thanks for that beautiful article and for providing quality resources. Good to hear how different schools manage
I've been a blackberry girl for many years..but i think...i think...i am finally swinging towards an iphone. Know what i mean?
Well that was short and sweet thanks for playing Pitt lol
You're an inspiration pretty lady!
From all of us at HBC, We wish you a happy holiday season! May the season bring you joy and happiness with your family and friends!
yeah that's what i was thinking. all i can say is keep trying. you still have like two weeks to get a hold of him!!!!
.Now that I know you feel that way......😔
#TGIM! What is one career goal you are hoping to accomplish this week? Hard to believe the first quarter is almost over!
I'm GOOD. YOU
DAMN IT! got on the wrong bus agian!! ugh!
Hugo!!! Omg. Is it CG or is it not?! I don't care, it's awesome.
!!!": Sacrifice is a part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to. -Mitch Albom"
Just ate 2 giant kit kats because they both fell out of the vending machine...
Hunger games, book 1, done.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. - William Shakespeare
Get it to Novak!
FF Talent Film peeps
I have been working since 9 in the morning..
hahaha....so you comin through tomorrow?..
That sound like a very good news.
you're so cute,I really mean it. ♥
Today Should Be A Good day [ :
Alrighty ticket hunters! Head towards at 7pm, find Laura at the bar & Bada Bing, Bada Boom... TICKETS!!!
Call 212-523-0954. Any more details on this idea?
you just made me love you - i wish i knew how to quit you...
we saw the back of adam's head as he kissed Sauli
It's always nice to know that there are other people out there in the same postion and you're not the only one.
May the odds ever be in your favor.
Or our special of: 2 tamales with warm hot chocolate only $3.99!
I want to go to the reason rally so bad! I'm too far away:(
Love getting my #HSE Fan Stand email powered by #ExactTarget --- nicely done !
when you find out what constitutes as winning, please let me know. Waiting is the worst.
Chapter 2012 Page 39 of 366 My level of Faith is directly related to my level of Success. Matt 8:13
studio wit my niggas &
Hey Primo! It's wonderful to see the wonderful things you are doing. (I am Margy's daughter).
Does anyone else find it comical that #Webbys voting is hosted on Aol? This is really the place for the winners of the internets?
Props to Rick Ankiel for that freak of nature throw today props to ya
Say my name and hers in the same breath; I dare you to say they taste the same.
I loved doing the shoot with you yesterday, it looks fantastic!
Why am I the one always saying sorry when he's the one thus wrong..?
Huge 2nd period at xcel, Wild tied it up too!!
Actively looking for #jobs in the #healthcare/communications industries in #Richmond, Virginia.
when you hate on when there are almost #10millionbeliebers ...
9:30 p.m. start :P
#TebowGotTradedFor a four piece nugget
what are you so sure of
And straight girls posting a million photos of their manicures on Instagram.
Hi Heidi! Hope you and the Pretty family are doing awesome. All the best. -Brian, Rebecca, and Kaden:)
Are you at Atwater Park in this nasty weather?
Yeah, um your lose. There's plenty of fish in the sea. c: lol
Nah fam RT Did we Win?
At a housewarming party watching #caps / #NYRangers .. can't believe I wasted so many Saturdays "working" for the man. It's a good party day
Today's #FF - On Twitter, interesting news commentary. On Instagram, amazing iPhone views of NYC. You'll be glad you followed her.
text me
true true
Using a high percentage of semolina flour, our newest bread uses a wet sourdough levain that intensifies the nutty flavor.
omg daniels stupid -.- & not repling too me and shiiittt Q
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 9
Plus I can watch the entire series of most things, which is nice if I want to start something new and have missed some.
I thought I was a foodie before, but going vegetarian/vegan has made me love real food so much more.
Life is, more than anything, a Karen Carpenter TV special.
Create a room that is distinctly, definitively yours with fully customized window fashions.
she LOVES them haha
What comes after the letter T? Normal People: U. Me: Wait..A,B,C,D,E,F,G....
yea I did thank you :) <3
LMAO! THeirs someone on facebook with tons of wig snatchin pics that he credits janet for!
Anyone camping out for Black Friday? #PLACEparty cc ^mw
That sounds LOVELY! Doesn't take much to draw me out to Arden...I'll do it! (Up through April or mid-May?)
We are adding a 4th wireless access point to IB Center (keynote room) today - that should give about 75 people #CILDC wifi access.
The proposed new slogan for : "If it's a good decision, make it. If it isn't, it's exactly what the Orioles would do anyway."
New word: "confustion." Let's make this happen.
sure. DM it to me.
Cotto needs to bring it if he wants to win.
Watch: Exclusive Post-SmackDown Brawl
Has any other basketball fan ever noticed that Kenyon Martin, Drew Gooden, and Carlos Boozer are all the same guy? Lol
Love ya, mean it!
If you talkin loud about ya hustle and grind BUT not cashin checks! #norespect!!! Humble yourself success will follow #weedropweerock!!!
Perfect! Quote of the Day: Don't make fashion own you, Decide what you want to express by the way you Dress!
I guess it seems I always fuck things up..why me
Little hard to focus today, gotta round it up and get some $HT done
a workout show? That's cool I need to workout more haha
Teen wolf is going to start again? I just want to see Stiles. He's so cute lol
Not if you send a message direct to Twitter. I am.
INVISIBLE BEHAVIOR New Bridges Ballet joins Sylva Dean And Me as a part of Derrick B. Harden's BLK XMAS Oct 10 at Lyons Weir Project Space
Wade/Unique, you are NO Jesse St. James.
Get your act together. YES YOU CAN!
"Big dreams turn into Big things"
Repair your credit with on time payments.. Late is latr in the credit world
What the fuck...
#fridayreads 4th (and last) Volume of The History of the English-Speaking Peoples by Winston Churchill. Can I finish it? I sure hope so.
how did i not know that movie was from an book????? saw yesterday
i love it when my co workers call me over by say hey ho or you slut or yelling whore and then if i dont go the yell louder.... gotta love em
wrapping up a performance installation at colgate with margareth kammerer
Graphic designer? Let us hook you up! Visit our website at www.stardesignsa.com or to us to get your design started!
Happy Friday Hot Messers! Give the Mexican Wolverine a call, loved to get on show sometime!
Happy to serve , , at this year's Opening Night Party at Free access w/ film ticket!
If I could pick any decade to live in, it would be the 60's
Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Where are the NBA playoffs when you need them?
my phone vibrated. It scared the bejesus out of me
you know who you remind me of going into that bathroom you're pooping in? Howie from benchwarmers
George Zimmermann says if he was an a Unarmed African-American Adult it would be alright to Follow him & Shoot, But he was a Teen I'm Sorry!
What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of good luck. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Well now I can't DM you! Show some social media love :)
Reason 8 Why Changes Fail: Leaders Fail to Appreciate the Power of Fear (see blog post for more)
Groupon's offering 60% off a Relationship-Focused Hypnosis Session. If your relationship needs hypnosis, you're doing something wrong.
CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS!!!!! :D
A spokesman for Rick Scott, Florida governor who just took office, said the governor was closing state Office of Drug Control.
Not sure why I feel hungover. I haven't touched a drink in 2 days. Jeez.
i thought people stopped writing in bathroom stalls in middle school
Oscars gift suite with ecofriendly goodies..just did a Psa for Global Green Technology and happy to serve our world!
I hate when teachers ask you essay questions that relate to other essay questions! It's like, "DIDN'T YOU READ MY LAST ANSWER, DAMN!"
Thanks for the retweet a while back. Hope all is well. Peace!
“: #InCaseYouDidntKnow Being faithful to your boyfriend or girlfriend should be common sense.”
"I am proud to be Woody Strode to Nolan's Kirk Douglas." Joss Whedon, I didn't think I could love you more...
is here?? Dude the one here is so sketchy lol
and live tomorrow on BET 106 and Park for !!!!
cuz I'm short on hours. online Spanish hw and finance project.
has been in wal-mart for the last hour bc of the lay out!...EVERYTHING has been moved to a different location! in the store!
It was gut-wrenching.... our hearts, souls, love and compassion go out to her..
txt me back chick lol
Fuck Miami heat it all about the Chicago Bulls :P
love new board feeling
won me as a fan this week. Nice atmosphere & champagne on the house for just a 10 min wait.
Actually I'm almost certain a few of them bring their kids to story time...
Final #AUPSteadyRain performance today. 2:30 pm. Wheeler Arts Center. Be there. Fountain Square. :-)
im listening to slow music thinkin about some shit
Did some running in my new Nikes yesterday! So awesome!
Living a wonderful...Action....
Today has been very odd, and eventful.
Cool film audition this afternoon.
hahah ya boy! Get it in pimpin
I'm looking for a ridah
Paige is teaching me how to wobble ;) lol ...that means I get to watch her shake her ass ;)
The people you care about most in life are always taken away from you way too soon!
I guess I dont love them.
I'm so jealous you me IRL!!!
blue a blow and blew a fuse until it maxed beyond all might...please remove the bullet from my asshole...Aunchus went "bang"
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong - JC Pearce
Wonderful summer Intern for you from Princeton Day School?
You guys having any trouble up there today? Anything.... rotten, perhaps?
" Five FULL days til 2012... Did u get ur ticket yet?"
Wow peanut butter burger is bomb af- Killer Burger.
Shit is it only Tuesday?
Thanks for playing Camaron de la Isla! Next time, play "Como El Agua"- that's my favorite song of all time.
Come and enjoy this beautiful Friday at La Cofradia restaurant !
Nate Robinson could do a really great Barea impression for the Mavericks.
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight. But she replied: "I write music for ears, not eyes." ♥
Good morning tweet pep....shout out to the big brown we was 3live (red)....so make she u be 2 we gone be 4live....
getting ready for the gig at La Jolla at East Chase tonight... 9 to midnight... come on down!
There were 12 people at the last supper.
Getting ready to party!!!
School is almost over wow it feels like life is going by to fast!
We should all learn from our mistakes but Identify and Appreciate our Successes.
thanks for that - much appreciated!
by registration - other side of escalators going toward room IJ
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day - without several great teachers, I would not be the person I am today. THANKS!
Tuesday night. No.
Keep sending those #FREE drinks folks! Still more time! and just in time for #Happyhour! #Bartab to the rescue!
Yeah, that makes sense. Google Drive has better pricing too.
Good Luck Mo ur doing a good job,keep it up!!1
hope you have a decent poncho today. you'll need it with this horrible rain.
you will be there in spirit. Your support rocks!
Going to look at a car tomorrow. Sick.
It depends on what else I got. Got a good system? Go Luck. Got nothing else? RGIII.
Lil mama so bad .
And contemporary discussions about & presentations of history are central to our discipline, too.
another excellent example of prioritized spending (he said sarcastically)
those are pretty, but it is tough to have a common name.
I'm fucking offended that someone actually put what they think are "corrections" on my essay.
Welcome to Twitter! Suggest you follow and for starters. A lot of great paralegals on Twitter.
mine are all rescues ..
ok. Let's go!
If we cannot see ourselves as heaven sees us, we cannot see ourselves. - Dr. David Jeremiah. A Bend in the Road
deff #endofstory aint no one ever gonna be able to compare to Eminem EVER! Mayb YellaWolf he's gettin there!
As long as we R secure (guns) in defending R property socialism can't survive. Gun cntrl destroys prprty rights and freedom. 1st Amend!
this is torchure i lost my remote so i cant change the channle off of disney junior
sometimes n u go sit outside
White or black iphone?
Chevy Nova Fastback for the win!
To attract everything you want, you have to apply everything you know - Jim Rohn paraphrased
and I'm headed to ACRL as well and would be interested in meeting up for a bite to eat. Sounds like fun!
let's do it!
GUIDE students to show Strength & Character over Bullying someone else..
TODAY IS THE PRIORITY DEADLINE FOR ARCHIVING THE ARTS. Submit 250word proposal to - final deadline July 13.
truly admire my mom for her strength I could never handle being in her position or doing what she does especially during this time
Thanks so much for your RT Chris.
On stage tonight : Astra Via (new band from Olivia Mancini) w/ Little Anchor and The Courtesans! Doors at 8:00. $10
Can't. Stop. Sneezing. #achooooooooo This is accompanied by a runny nose.
just home sick:/ Hby?
Lol too much unnecessary things happened tonight ..
#TheVoice has been successful in making me completely despise Christina Aguilera.
Damascus Media and Merch is now apart of the B! Awesome.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 36
ya I know you like it...
we are on 10th and Walker right across from McNellies :)
Moving on is so hard when it seems there is nothing to move on too
yw. I love u little bit
rip the stage loc
Yo bro I wanna work with you.
this is a test
ATL next weekend!
How about Unwilling Ham? RT Willingham!! RT Have a creative name for this year's pig mascot? ...
I think it was just her style, might be wrong though.
I wanted to let you know,I took really good care of your brother at special Olympics. He had so much fun. And we were winners
In need of manicure to fully round out my new hairdo and elevated mental health status.
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com - Home to Independent Artists Across North America!
Scarlett Johansson Covers Vogue Magazine: Love it or Hate It?
thank you so much :)
Xbox nation tonite
happy cinco de mayo:)
“: no you def have #prettyboyprobz” how so..rofl
Sleep is for the weak! And for those who have dogs that aren't terrified of thunder...
- omg.. NASTY! i would run the other way too.
Way to take that screen to the house today!
Should be a sweet show
Friends of Coronado mansion victim Rebecca Zahau had private memorial service for her today at bible college chapel in Murietta
you just pissed off the wrong people!
Check Ya Head on repeat.
I love you're DP !
thanks for the follow!
blue line train driver that took me home was a fellow frenchman..;p
sure do! Thanks for coming and supporting us too!
I would prefer Arizona walkers b/c I would like someone who has to deal with this heat. But I will take any
is going to hang with the WAVE Atlanta team and the creatives at Free Chapel this weekend!!
i support our troops how can i help them and please get back to me thank you
...and then I slept for 11 hours. Winning!
'i'm not crazy - i just don't give a fuck!' Night of the comet was a hoot!
here at practice... in pads....
It was great to have our regulars tonight, and awesome to have all of the new participants!
Want me to keep it 100 with you, ya ass better do the same. You fake to me ima be fake to you. Real.bitch.shit
thanks, Aditya. I like to think it too.
Getting ready for Workshop 2 with our Volunteer Corps members! Tonight is companion planting, garden planting plans...and more Chipotle!
no before the concert...when we were talking about how you met Cody when his hair was curly or something..lol
I mean they have the worst attendance and the tickets aren't even expensive. Fine, least supportive fans.
Everyone follow
Math teachers speak up with your classroom ideas!! I wish there was a math app that....
You should also play them that song, which I had not remembered was terrible.
So happy you like it!
#ThingsThatINeed a life!
Got some great goods from Gramma
I HEART YOUR FACE, LADY.
Seriously.... REALLY?
hahaha hell ya sounds good bro!
I saw when you were working on that. It turned out lovely!
RT Night shift note for Files That Last: How not to back up a multi-million dollar movie. #digitalpreservation http://...
Camp tomorrow really cant wait!!!!
I want tagged on Facebook!
I did! Great review. Glad you liked it
"Mother is the word for God on the hearts and lips of all little children” ― William Makepeace Thackeray
This is what we do, we win against teams that we will face in the playoffs! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP! :)
your picture looks like you mean business.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you."
RT : waiting to skype in live on With those sexy entities
My research indicates that haters in fact have a higher likleyhood of hating while players tend to play. References:
Scratch George's... Splash! :)
I just saw a plane from my office window in metro center. Probably just a plane. But I'm going to pretend that I
Hugs and love to all the women at the the #NACWE Inspired Women Event... I miss you already!
so Shaw is in, any guess as to who sits? Saad? Will BMo's big Game 4 goal keep him in?
i'll check Franklin out. Ours is Chester 8 yrs old now. maybe i'll have him star in some videos too!
Why are UPS drivers so overly excited? I thought this lady was going to hug me.
you don't make no sense.
No Beef - Afrojack
Make rest a neccesity,not an objective.Only rest long enough to gather strenght. Jim Rohn
"Come Share the Lord" :-)
I love you Lorenzo - Darcia :)
ya totally.. I took the class about 2 yrs ago..going to take part 2 w/
Trying to cram a semesters worth of class into a night of studying
Went to a "Lego" store for the first time (in NYC). Amazing. An Apple store like shrine to #legos. Love it.
you like how they slide down ur throat?
what were the mavericks odds last year?
I think you should follow because he has great tweets, will never stop tweeting you, and please.
and by "devine" I mean divine... the food and the wine must have made me a bit floaty...
thanks for posting this! how come Japanese can't explain like that?
#yankees CC is 16-2 LIFETIME vs O's. We always hit at Camden Swish & Tex esp. We have Sori to close. We're tied for least team ERRORS in MLB
Where do you want winners to contact you again?!
I just ordered #findingforever. I'm already nervous about how much I will cry reading it
only 1/2 day of work today - looking forward to getting on that plane to CO in 8 hours!
RT : Oregonian Online team: Always working hard. Today's debate: Which word is better SEO, naked or nude? (C'mon, use "Nekkid")
been really busy my whole life i have some time right to be on twitter again
Can't wait to be home for my birthday weekend.
aw thnx!=D
Congrats to the architect Dale Tallon for getting the #Panthers back in the playoffs!!
Monday has got to be the most boring word ever.
We have been approached about an housing design and curriculum specifically for Autism. Would you'll group be interested?
Thanks for your support as an Emerald sponsor of #CommLab2012 PRSA MI State Conference
So, what would the verb be for adding someone to your #Google+ network? 'Circling' them?
follow ⏩⏩ big things POPIN his way!
Buffett tries to assure on Berkshire succession
you're freakin' on fire! Great stuff...
Im lock out my house my brother and my mom aint answern dere fone omg im frezzn kuh my life
presentation is shaping up nicely! Now I am ready for a quiet night though, feel better
Aw and Kim's sitting next to her boyfriend, how sweet!
We Love One Direction!! <3
Who's the monkey they let design the traffic light patterns in the Calhoun area?
Can't use the 40 percent on Js or Nike IDs
never reall crossed my mind but scooby-doo is a beast i mean the dog talks what more could u ask for!?
I'm a little worried about all the middle size and small data we're not hearing about today.
i have to read 9451 pages of TOTC
of course he won't mention the fact the C's played entire 4th & OT.
Ready for happy hour!
Everyone STOP what you're doing and turn it to the OWN network to watch Oprah's #NextChapter with !! It's gonna be awesome y'all
Do you know if Yung God got a Twitter?Whatever,it doesn't matter as long as you fxck my bitch.
#Browns fans, this kid gets it!! You are going 2 b a very popular player here in #Cleveland! #GoBrowns!!
when your rival town is also your favorite town to party with.
NOT YOU, TOO!
Just finished #fieryfoods judging - hooooboy! Nice sweet hot mustards going on!
by then, cuz i really really really really really want to go, and i miss my boys too </3
those days end up sucking and you realize errbody around you is annoying RT: First day coming out my house without my ipod /:
Had a great lunch today with and
Makes me miss Bakersfield's jury room. And that takes a lot!
I hate Louisville,but seriously, this seasons disappointment is all Pitino. He's lost it as a coach & getting his salary should be a crime
Got front row seats. You guys coming?
RT your favorite cold weather accessory! Where's it from?
HAHA! This guy coffee is a fool.
im good can't complain how was ur mothers day
I think I'll try dutch
The last thing I want to do is hurt you...but it's on my list.
#twowordswhitepeoplefear Conventionally Grown
Want to hear season 6 announcement? Come to our Gold Rush Gala May 12!
Headed to NYC for 's opening.
I didn't know u have snails
bring your hubby!
No matter what anyone says, One Direction's songs are catchy...
*smiles* I am writing a book and gonna call it #CougarTales - it's set in Toronto :P
Nice....just change your name to Jenessa, RIGHT after I told you what your real name was hahaha
fuckin rite they aint bout to come away wit it that fast
Blah someone entertain me D:
Join at on Tuesday night for networking with the Pittsburgh Professional Connection!
Come take our adult ballet class tonight :15!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
big bitch smith you ain't say shit
Oak black hole is scary lol
haha. I feel it makes the conversation more interesting.
I was at the gym and Starbucks..just got back!
Touchdown shots
Exploring downtown houston with ! Any suggestions on places to go?
yeah! Next 2 weekends my calendar is crazy, but after the beginning of may my calendar we'll be pretty free!
I continue to be delighted by your menu. Truffle fries always seem to make their way onto our table.
It has been a tad bit o' time since I've done any #ff tweets. I guess there is no time like the present... let's begin.
Drastic change of meeting location… still next to the beach, works for me.
You riding that OKC train I see... please
i understand. i still gotta find time to read the last harry potter book :(
.............2 minutes after this we crashed. I blame you.
The world knows now :) RT : really? You really like me? :p
I got more rhymes than Picasso's got paint.
Haha! #pacers made the #heat quit!
There are no guarantees. From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough. From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
Q: Matt from UCSD-campus w/o AsAmSt. from fallout Compton Cookout, resistance by Black, Latino faculty 4 AsamSt minor. How to help convince
Best St. Paddy's Day ever! Crushed in darts!
S/O 2 The WestCoast Homie "Cal-Snubs" For All The Support! ...our Single will be On The Radio in a Few Weeks!
30+years ago I took jazz pianist McCoy Tyner from Boston's JAZZ WORKSHOP & photographed in Blackstone Park I saw him tonight at REGATTA BAR
The Freedomina Chronicles is coming along very well. Thanks for your support!
Welcome new Winvale partners!
We have a match tomorrow? I blame for not saying anything about it!!
Happy Friday Morning! We have Banana Foster Bread Pudding coming out of the oven--Made with rum & cointreau topped with whipped cream
i am making up relle good songs to #niallwhipshispenis .. like legit i am amazing at this!
spends months reporting. Then organizing. Then writing. Then a complete draft. "THEN the work starts."
Everything just doesn't feel real anymore :/
if you are taking horse hair pills, i'm on them. you are looking amazing.
Hot yoga. Then 18 sets of shoulders. Bosu sit ups holding a 20lbs plate. Good start to the day-
also, if sactown moved to Seattle, I'd love the new team, but feel same. Worse already knowing how it feels to lose a team!
RT : I live the #HighLife #SEX #DRUGS &amp;
Home at last!
For if you find out how to access faith & step off the boat in the mist of a storm then you are well on your way to the
Temperature-wise...IM IN HELL.
memories of dragging 10 foot tall toy dragon to my aunt say "can I have it" and she'd always tell me I needed something that fit under s ...
San Diego has the numbers for an Asian “empowerment district” on the City Council. But will and support it?
you piece of shit!
Last time I went to the expo, they carried some girl out on a stretcher. Alcohol poisoning.
Stick a fork in Wake... glad I didn't have the money to follow my own -6.5 theory.
RT : I think we are registered, looking forward to it.
WAITING 4 A GOOD COME BACK DUDE
asked where i got my hair cut, then tells me he got his cut on top of his head.
kekeke are you getting it?
al ready bro
yeah been thinkin bout pacers game. Tony and me planeed on pacers vs spurs but they dont play in indiana this yr
Back on the road again. IUP, Altoona, Beaver County, where are you at?
#YoMamaSoFat when she walks past the window, we lose 4 days of sunlight.
Farewell, with greatest respect, admiration, and gratitude to Earl Scruggs.
ok im making a new story since i cant finish my other one but im gonna audition ppl who wanna be in it if u do plz tweet me i need 4 girls
Sure :) What can i do for ya?
: I see. Off-beat question: What are your favorite resources for finding auditions?
had a gig earlier today now #freecomicbookday and later meeting with friends!!
“: Roses are red violets are blue..I have 5 fingers & the middle one is for you!”
Shoutout to Liz and Kat for my Awesome Book you made for me! Just opened my mail! look at this...totally u
i always wonder if sees my tweets to him... hm..
Thanks love!!
Sixers and Thunder. what bout your bro
Lunch time :-)
Agree. And 'reactive' steals all the budget. RT : A3. "Reactive seems to be the way many companies do things!"
Preferred Seating has been selling great - Don't Wait visit www.indyjazzfest.net
I moved to Arizona remember , your family still hate me
:) Thanks Mister!
yeah :s I had to take it out bcus of volleyball.
Yea RT : You still have the same number?
On the way to see Conan perform tonight.
join us to celebrate each game of the football world cup in south Africa! specials guaranteed!! :)
Life is what you make it. So make the most out of it! Have a great weekend everyone.
I liked the Tupac hologram show back when it was called the Gorillaz.
RT : FB page looks great Terri. I "Like" it. >> Thanks for 'liking' Barry. Do you have a page I can 'like'?
I swear these stupid white girls that are 'popular' are posting the most stupid, gay ass shit on fb! Like how the hell are u fuckung cool!?
Ok. I'll check it in a moment I'm knee-deep in eggplant. Don't ask...
The Silk Tie likes JaiKrishna! Model any ties to your friends before? thesilktie.com
Why have I seen no pictures or anything from the Taiwan BTW Ball?!
I wish I could but I'm supposed to work on Friday...ill try to pull some strings tonight tho and ill let you know
If I was at currently at 370,000 tweets (100x), then I'm either a spammer, or someone is gonna tell me to get a life. =)
Have a great weekend,
Well there goes the rest of my self esteem...
"WWLD?" What Would Liberace Do? (Trying to pick out clothes for this evening.)
I keep it,
Heavy, heavy rain in Powell...and w/this rain, it doesn't matter that my mower's in the shop. It'll be 2015 before we dry out.
I sort of want to favorite this, but I wouldn't want you to think I was mocking you :( Feeling your pain.
hahaha... You would
Thanks for the ArtFusion love! This Sunday is the last one until Fall! Thanke to #FISglobal for its support!
No matter the topic, if you're being harassed, you must take steps to resolve the problem. Walking away only helps you, resolution helps all
Ugh , fuck you bitch .
S/o to Changed radio in MKE
if that's the case I think the women should do everythin the man say..not cause he said so but cause he takin care of her
On panel last nt, was v. interesting to hear B. Metzgar's thoughts on PWs' agents restricting advocacy.
Has been set free...
everyone who nagged me into reading the #hungergames can now rest easy. read it. lost an entire day of homework to it. happy now?
Theyve broken into my car three times now, and stole it once. The world hates me.
#thatresonates webinar = filled to capacity. Anticipate good things.
:Luxe Courtier vacation homes! Email-
Auction hunters
i have to tell u sumthn
play me!
would love to connect with you!
What am im doing ? What am I doing ? Oh yeah, that's right . I'm doing me , I'm doing me . I'm living life right now .
` Wishing I Had A Subway Sandwhich Right Now (:
we could start a carrot loving revolutioon <3
It feels like a saturday at the gym
Installing Messages - excited about Mountain Lion - makes me want a Developer account w/ Apple. Anyone know of iOS App courses/seminars?
#Confessiontime. I really like dressing up. Why, you ask? Day to day me is jeans and a t-shirt. I revel in the opportunity to be fancy!
My company's computer system now demands a 15-character password, which means I have to memorize like 7 one-syllable words
the fat guy will win via exhaustion.
Perseverance is a great element of success. Knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.H Longfellow
Like I said last night on Facebook, totally love this (and I know will too :)
"They stand together at the corner, looking about then with forced, defiant contempt."- THE STRAW
I did, thanks. Nice to have warm weather for a change :)
this mix in the morning should happen EVERY morning!
your song Boyfriend is stuck in my head. Cant wait till your album comes out. You inspire me so much wish to meet you one day.
BArTender, I'll have the same.
What I'm saying is that I've got a future..
Mondays usually aren't fun...unless you're at Quaker Steak & Lube. Then they are LOTS of fun!
Just ran into Spicoli from Fast Times @ Ridgemont high. He works in a bike shop. If this guy says 'righteous' one more time I may be on CNN!
Is it weird I sang meatloaf's song all day and now I'm eating it for dinner? Haha
here, there, everywhere. Where have you been?
That sure is some handsome denim.
we meeting up today??
cuz who doesnt eat it like that;P
Missing the #playoffs is def like a punishment. I'm hurting outchea at work!
And if he just holds on to either PA, OH or FL, he wins.
hahaha, you gonna have fill me in
at least this one can sing, tho, no?
Oh, beer. Thanks, and happy birthday, !!!
#DumbBitchProblems RT : I lost the cute earrings I just bought -_-
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery have only wall and Magee help needed
It's your attitude not your aptitude that determines you altitude. CYA - Check Your Attitude!
But since cats wanna be reckless: The Lakers are down 0-2 to a better team. The Heat are down 1-2 to a team that's not the better team.
This has been the longest week ever ...
Bowling! The Guttermilk Biscuits should never have been that town's best student rollers.
I saw "porno" and grinned.
I have no idea what you are talking about... not sure I want to.
When will any famous artist ever visit Spokane whashington. Tons of fans over here they would make a fortune!!!!?
Last night sleeping on an air mattress! :)
yesterday's lunch at hot mamas was hot mama!
I will join a live chat about social network analysis, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 9 PM ET
Prepping for on-camera mock audition in class to night at The Sport of Acting.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Berkshire Hathaway, Southwest Airlines, United Continental Holdings, Delta Air ...
Looking forward to 's eHealth summit on December 12, 2011
Swag swag swag on yhu
Well I'm confident in this piece now.
theater tour coming soon? I hope he plays Very excited for this. Please come to Oakland or San Francisco.
Right now Tiger seems lost in his book of chords
i always her it spoken but never interpreted
Going to sleep! #Job on my mind =Success <<<That's what's up!
Everybody locked down. Except me.
nigga I'm on it get off my back lol
Going to go enjoy the sun!!!
If I mail you $5 in unmarked American currency, will you do your BEARD in corn rows or dreads? The world needs more FACTS.
Oh haha I get it :) ISA UGLY
Airlines are reporting few delays so far. But if you get stuck, has free assistance in US & Canada.! Just call (866) 644-6811.
i am lunch companion-less today :(
to buy more lotto with Masons winnings!
as expected, very physical game between and early on.
And I am perfectly okay with not having one, maybe selfish but i've got plans that don't involve a kid.
thanks for the mention. Have a wonderful day!
Tri Met reaches 100 million rides in Fiscal Year 2011 - topping last year and matching 2009.
I'm still so tired from the weekend . 😳
Just traveled all the way to chino hills with just so she could buy 50 dollar makeup -_- this girl ahah
Google plus: an exorsize in how to be social without any friends.
I'm here too. Bummed I didn't win the Google Places contest!
No RT : When people say "oh fudge" shouldn't that signify something good. I mean, fudge is tasty.
So you boston think your going to win the finals your wrong because I hate the sh#####t you say so grow up boston is a cheater city
missed another ustream :'(
NemesisFive March 15th with the Recon Crew and guest.
should do another Skype contest! I forgot that it was the end of the contest and I forgot to enter:'( I started crying!:(
what is it ? wht do u do on it
Sorry, they were only available the night of our ski bash (2/10)
They lovin the crew
Fine & beautiful place for a meeting! Checked into La Jolla - California. More exciting disability studies academics to meet.
Whoops! Just texted my my son that I had some "sinscreen" for him.
completely agree! Sad “: Berba looks like he can't be arsed, but wouldn't you in his situation? Fergie has treated him like shit.”
they're not real race fans
Get the Nature Quote of the Day for your site or Blog - it's easy
a true father-son outing to "grow the roots" a little
#InMiddleSchool I was nothing like I am now..
Anyone hear any news lately about Tweetie 2 (for mac)? Waiting and waiting for that e-mail from Macheist about beta testing...
Thank you! It was fun. But challenging. A lot harder than auditioning of Orchesis! lol
Lets fuck some shit up tomorrow night ! :)
Who got Pro Tools M Powered for Mac?
Welcome to Milwaukee!
im about to figure yo ass out!! Hahaha u've been my mystery lady forever. Lol
": Alcohol is never the answer... But it does help forget the question."
Yes, undoubtedly similar! Thanks for the link.
. Hadn't heard of the E. T. Very interesting to think of how much more challenging that would be.
Happy "wish I never met you" Day! (that's what my mom says) sometimes you have to create new celebrations when the old ones cease to exist!
I hope everyone is prepared for an Orioles/Nationals World Series
it's a long story, but I'm sure you have it in your archives.
I just want it to die
Woe Jest
But ill fuck your right I will. I fuck you right I will
Car Ramrod!
PETA...never liked them since that South Park episode....
Love that spng
Happy International Women's Day to all of our remarkable Christel House alumnae around the world
I found their source base to be perfidious and fraught with danger.
Theme for #pla12 is 'You have the skills & you have the goods, you can succeed. It's about perspective change...'
Control System
Omg yr embarrassing me
Each of our acts makes a statement as to our purpose. ~ Leo Buscaglia
Apparently not soon enough...I've got a disability, and am recovering from an illness; that seems to be all people see.
Lead group looking small now at
I'm tired of all these tribute bands of Spotify! I want to listen to the real Beatles and Hall & Oates!
Follow for commentary
[Checks body of work] Yes. Yes I do.
Good for you! Me, I want to make records. Nice if I don't have to do everything myself. Hard enough to try to play well!
i like that! I want to see pics from your trip :)
Olin Miller~ You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
I used the Peppermint tea tree conditioner this morning, it was a wake up call for my scalp! Thanks
Oh no! 😢 Hope all goes well and Harvey makes a quick recovery!
My babies are sick for #easter weekend boo! :(
great night playing with the wonderfully talented Odetta Hartman! check her stuff out if you haven't heard her stuff...seriously.
Kids just brought me a pansy, so all those mean thoughts I was thinking about library patrons magically disappeared.
Great cocktails and food Fall Behind Cocktail Party
Loving the fact that someone's smart enough to make an account
man holla at ya boy I'm here! You ever roll through the DFW please give ya boy a shout!
#RedSox #Orioles on to the 17th and both using position players as pitchers. This is fun.
Good night soft dreams as you slumber
Brats and Kraut!! Gotta represent Wisconsin!
December reminds me of ________.
Dear Hour, I miss you.
yup I sure am lol still trying to figure out how to use it. Lol
Be the best at whateVer you do! And do it with a happy heart! And you will be blessed!
5 months??! Ouch! First time for us was 5 weeks, that was hard!
wait till the Kings are healthy next year tough guy.
So i just accidentally found out our dog really likes Bobby McFerrin.
Lovin LA, now if it would just warm up! 49 degrees!
good. At least you can do something.... Jk :)
Thought of a cool use for minature #projector lights.
oh, I'm cheering for Giants. Huge fan of Manning and Tynes!! :D You?
You;re pretty too(:
Are you motivated to juice? RT : Watching "Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead" for the 3rd time in a couple weeks...
Only 3 people can be in the delivery room with me. I feel bad for them and my mommy.
alright! i'll work on it then :)
Ill shut you down, you're not worth it <3
I said Callie got in a crash without her seatbelt. I do not know if she dies. That is what you call a cliffhanger.
who's going to see on April 6th in NYC? support one of our featured bands while they help to raise money for a good cause!
I need a tan waaah
The trap goin' ham so I know the police watchin' me
Wildcats driving...inside the CU 10-yard line
If you would like a certain Item to be posted, or need any advice in any computer components Message me. I can help.
I soo see with her own talk/interview show on HBO!
okay I've had enough of this stop accusing her of this. Me an her don't even know you. It's our relationship none of yours!
Thanks for the tweet, May!
Thanks for following us!!!
At Walmart and I see an old man riding a scooter behind his wife and he says "Shake it don't break it." Older people make me laugh. Haha
Good luck to the young 'un there. It's a wonderful shop that saved my tail many moons ago.
I have watched a worst drama of love:p
that was quick! Good luck... And what are you leasing from Diamond Lease?
lmfaooo you do too so im not the only one and mine is idek lol
such a boring saturday
Why don't yoga pants come in long?
Kobe with a facial!!!
When is the beta?
Then come back soon! You can shoot another feature film ... right here in South Florida!
Really enjoyed our time in Indiana with family and friends! Excited to be closer than an island.
That whole band sounded like Return to Forever.. and Chick Corea Electric Band..in one! CRAZYNESS!!!
It was awesome having u join us, ! thank you so much -- was delighted to spend time with you as well :-) #conv12 (client)
I miss us </3 gonna be a
Does that mean you have confetti and glitter guns ready for my arrival? Everything's better with confetti and glitter!
me and my awesome friend just bought our VIP tickets for your Philly show! <3 Can't wait
Did you know, for every night you pay regular rate, you can get the next night 40% off. Offer valid through December 31st.
You are to pretty! and you get really cute guys! -.-
I can't see the damn moon, too many trees outchea
Always keep a back up..
New policy on NJ Transit - quiet car. Thanks!
Thanks for the RT! Can't wait for the home tour!
some of these NBA psas r totally gay!
I don't remember which night really ha, I think it was one of the first nights I chilled with you at clints though!
That's one thing missing in our wonderful #Costcos-- a #kosher bakery!
& txting too, you played me too. But we aint gne get on tht subject
World's first Youtube veto by ?
Does it involve a word that starts with an O and ends with a prah?
I ran over 1 yesterday on the way to church. My wife held back tears so as to not clue in my son.
:) thank u god
When you go to #aeropostale with your daughter, don't give your email. You'll never get rid of the #spam, even after unsubscribing.
Another great post. Quibble: I'm pretty sure no one's ever said "libraries aren't representative, *so don't use libraries.*"
Garden in a Box Organic Gardening Kit - raised garden bed kit
Don't be afraid to grill outside and go for a nice evening stroll to enjoy this weather that we have been blessed with!
#Kimye is not good. Kim is classy and Kannye is a mess. Never a couple.
Thanks for saying "We must ensure the immigration and migration stories of all the people in the United States are preserved"
"Thinking, Fast and Slow" is blowing my mind, as it were. Super-approachable writing style eases you into subtle & sophisticated concepts.
It's 14 x 11, I think. I baked it for 20 min and top looked brown.
thanks for kind retweet- have a terrific day!
dude I had the same problem the other night...
Miss u too been way too long
I hate when good songs come on when I'm sitting at my desk.. I just want to belt out at the top of my lungs and dance around the office.
EYE-TUNES<3 hahah your so funny=)
HAPPY THANKSGIVING FROM THE LADIES BEHIND SPORTSALITY!!! LIVE, LUV, LAUGH O YEA & EAT ALOT
I say bright pastels for wear. Neon accent pieces work well.
You are quite wise, my friend.
Bands from place to place, lovin music ,Kanye is on his way !!!
praying for Grandad. We had no idea. Love you all! 
dont talk to me no more :/
do u think Georgetown will play@ Memphis next year?
#gzchef Take it home!
hallucinatory ice cream? Reminds me of the movie Friday where Big Worm uses an ice cream truck as a front for drug dealing.
Since I'm such a social person we all have to put up with my bad mood yaaaaay!!!! Happy fucking Tuesday everyone
Personally thank you #Albany Supporters for putting forth the effort to show us some love.
First day on the job with
Awesome, there's going to be a full moon during the Duke City Shootout. Should look lovely on film...especially horror film ♥
aye what do you do at skills and drills on Friday mornings
RT : My suicide note will read "could no longer talk about what we should do for dinner."
Thanks for putting us on your musicontheroad list!
long cat with dainty crossed paws!
This sushi restaurant has an item called the 'Double Double.'
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I need to get the hell out of here like
By COB?
aww, thanks :3 so are you!♥
Think Villanova should really try & start a power basketball conference Losing Louisville would be huge blow for BE basketball
Why did I wake up so early and why am I so wide awake?
Anyone in my area needing a roomie???
I wonder how everybody from.Wyatt is doing...its been 2 years already
When I get my stir fry back with pieces of food I know I didn't put in there -___-
I want fruit right now .
Damn girls are so fuckn complicated..
Sleepy like Lexi :-)
Ah me and my pappy use to sing that song....and this is the last place I have seen him!! #
Lots of discussion about and the big theaters' responsibility to diversity. Started at 3pm EDT, join in on the #newplay tag
I hope all of you educators are enjoying your winter break! I'm sure it's a much needed time to relax, recharge & reflect.
LOVE IT!! XO RT At the Australian tennis Open on Australia Day wearing my divine blue kelly dress!!
worked hard yesterday? Work harder 2Day!
thanks for the follow dude
are you going to the KCAS?
coming up next: a talk on the interaction of language and education policy in Haiti, by Albert Valdman. IMU State Room East, Sept. 8, 3pm.
Enough about making money! Make a difference...
How does bloated Lard Bag Limbaugh have the nerve to call anybody fat?
How many players are you sending to the MMSS on Oct. 8/9, 2011? Dedication, Desire and Determination are 3 main reasons to attend.
Homeworks done for the semester yay!
Hot hot hot hair trend - bangs bangs bangs!!!! Finally!
Not sure if this applies to your case at all, but noticed that Vancouver feels significantly more...stagnated than in the past.
Your just like Monday, no one likes you.
Living the life.
Thanks! We love the new lamps! Lighting is everything - besides essential library services! : )
is anyone giving up memes for Lent?
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. ~ Dalai Lama
Busy weekend ahead of me!
girl N.O. ATL or Slidell is not ready for you, I'm sending you to Hollywood🎥 lol
Looking back thru American Community Survey data to 2000 Census shows Information sector % of U.S. workforce down 3.1% ('00) to 2.3% ('09)
Surpise Skype with friends on the Attingham Summer School just otally made my day!
thx for the support... You like it I love it....
Following tonight's show of Next to Normal with my daily prozac. Good show though. Think I'm in love with John Debkowski.
My fave? is I think SCREAM. Well-paced, uncommonly erudite, and genuinely structurally clever.
no problem girl!(:
I'm already following you :)
never a problem! Glad I could help! EROCK
if you're not watching #AmericanHorrorStory, you're insane.
your two favorite things: Lupul and Columbus ice girls
This lady in front of me has a bottle of wine n frozen pizza. Offered to slit to her throat. She didnt laugh
I honestly don't know what is happening riight now
Thanks for the follow! The force is with me!!!
We will be at The Howlin Wolf in Mandeville this Sunday Nov 7 with a bunch of kickass bands! Early show!
your welcome!
im in a pissy ass mood...
wonderful! Just checking. Thank you!
At Esquire! Visit home complete.
Bono was right, it is a beautiful day. And how many years ago did he write that song? Talk about the worlds best weather man.
Ain't that the truth!
Oh gosh, whatever.
We all know that friends may come and they may go.
when there's not much a-roll or b-roll...go with the me-roll.
Kentucky won again? :)
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less.
driving around listening to
I was always a Miranda Veracruz de la Jolla Cardinal fan on Married With Children
Won 100 bucks off a scratch-off...hoping this means good luck for tonight's mega millions drawing :)
