is it true u ditced Justin Bieber 4 Cody simpson??? ( hust wandering )?????
In a way, it is. The people are very much the same if we're only able to see them.
can't talk, too busy eating
#4WordsForYou, ... Suck My Left Nut !!!
Khader Adnan has been #HungerStrikingfor65Days w/ 1000s of others in Israeli jails and prisons following his resistance.
#ThatAwakwardMoment when you send a mass txt to people who don't know each other not realizing they will respond to each other......
Why ppl break up? Then, turn around and make up? I just came to sseeeee !!!
*taps foot* no color on this blog... Waaaaaaaaaiiiiiting :)
Lovely morning!
I need it cause,I want him to come to my birthday party and it's really important that I talk to him.
"What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it." Dang, when you put it that way...
i need to start on this biology packet -_- its due friday !
I am definitely going to be heading over this weekend! Cannot wait.
aww shucks. Does it at least taste like My Little Pony?
It's that whole greater than or less than thing you learned in grade school. Dance>>>>No Dance Get it?
WARNING: Shopping Inspires Beneficence, Bounteousness & Benevolence. Shop Until You Give All You Got
Deborah Ann Woll - probably the most beautiful creature god has ever made! simply amazing!
I Love You Too Sister I Miss You As Well <3
WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE.
I can see that one clearly...good stuff.
If all you want is forgiveness, ask God. If you want healing, confess your sin to a trusted person. James 5:16
Reading "Ex-Liberian" as "Ex-Libertarian" is probably not the way to understand a headline. And shows you're not thinking internationally
man, Lebron is a dog but he's jst a baby
Thanks-- will do!
Seem to be a lot of people sleeping in today...
For two days, you tell me you are going to help me locate the #insurance docs I need. Today, you tell me to call the 800 number.
Thunder are looking strong, Blazers need this game tonight
sure... Whatever you say (: haha I know you're not
Ultimate goal of #NSTIC governance: manage trust within the identity ecosystem
no way! I thought we go phonebooks banned ;-(
are you saying that supports , or is merely defending support for her?
you think?? I don't think so ms. Not even close.
Music Events You dont want to miss, Follow
I have Google+ invites. Ping me if you want one.
I miss you too girl!!
Tim Duncan may be old but U can't ever sleep on him
so proud of u! Wish u were Matt Kenseth fan like me. But great that u r #Cubs fan. Northsiders should be fun this year.
I greatly enjoy knocking out zombies by opening my door as I drive by! Makes me proud of my name
Hope you have a great day today, daddio! Thinking of you - let us know how it goes!
"Think before you twit" -Sol Gittleman
Hakuna Matata - It means no worries.
happy humbug day
What hurts most is we have reality tv stars fighting over names being called and hesay/shesay shyt. While THIS type of stuff is going down.
Browns Win at Home! Please Re-Tweet for a chance to win a FREE #Browns book "On Being Brown." Winner to be announced at 3:30pm.
yeah im italian and my dads a head chief its in the blood
Reached a milestone today: 400 Twitter followers. A few will leave before nightfall & I will be humiliated.
See WWW.Pokatok.com
Most of the 50% who pay no fed taxes have such a low income that it cannot be taxed. They are not deadbeats Libertarian POS
it's ok my family does that too so i locked my door once cuz i was changing they yelled at me -.-
I'm bringing it all day
According to Metro naturalist James Davis - and those song sparrows, Bewick's wrens and house finches you are hearing - spring has sprung!
It's National Mentoring Month! Ask how you can help impact youth in your community!
:$ Can I just smother you with lovins yet?
The real question is, where is ?! Why hasn't she been over yet?! What is this nonsense?
thank you for hooking up with us. We rocking
Hi Twitter World Happy Monday!
Had another great turnout for our Tuesday night $3.00 Standard tournament! Don't miss out next week!
Find a good tree and take a nap
potato pancakes?? We have never heard of them! What's the difference? Are they healthier or something?
I never liked those commercials. When would that really happen anyway?
Happy Birthdayy to hope you have fun! Have a ICONic birthday! Love you(:
LOL - Let us know what you think!
If you get an e-mail from me about ShoppyBag, DELETE IT!! Sorry...
we like your style, carl!
try sleep time.
Lone Star Beer has joined the hi-tech world! Check out the live Twitter and FB feeds on our brand new website! www.lonestarbeer.com
maann i got 55(FIFTY FIVE) FOLLOWERS....
Estimated 20MM people use Foursquare via
...about to get raped by the TAX MAN!!!
": A11: Yes, measuring is key to success... #getrealchat" Measuring is not the same as understanding. :)
What is your favorite attitude adjustment music? RT a change of attitude can change EVERYTHING!
Vin doesn't have my chiseled good looks.
Style Network host coming to Town Center
Need a new show to watch on #Netflix or #Hulu... Suggestions?
Farmers feel pinch adapting to policy changes - swissinfo.ch
That jungle jim we went on last night, my lungs weere killin me
CEO is sold on social media. He just sent an email saying we need to use Facebook more. I have waited for this for 2 years!
I could really use $355 Million.
Isabel says I smell really good so she has her nose on my arm just smelling me lol cx
Chipper thinks he is a gimp. Yuck!
I didn't know you had a book with Arcadia! Congrats!
with top 5 pick, batum and next year lottery pick? LA is 26 and don't wanna be bosh and the raptors and never getting better
Whew! Made it through the #train Epi of #Grey's. Wine, Grey's and peppermint mocha ice cream. Life is so good
#4wordsbeforesex that's the right hole?
Some of our favorite people
Im only gonna be on this bus 3 more times!:D
welcome to America.
Somehow you have trained our TV to already have the game on as soon as it's turned on! #soccervoodoo #pumpkinpancakes :)
So what are my tv options if i don't want to watch an infomercial at 2am ?
I feel like I already lost weight, and the season hasn't even started.
How many times do I have to freaking tell you?! I wasn't ignoring you! My damn life doesn't revolve around you.
haha, im from new orleans. How about you?
Maybe they are handicap? Maybe? Hopefully. Pretty car, though.
never say future self and 3rd grade in the same sentence again! Ah! I gotta get the fuck outta here. Bye.
A1: At GW it was volunteer..still is and grunt work for sure. I always tried to give bigger picture
Yezzir. Back in the game
♥♥ We all love being loved.Love all ♥♥
BED FINALLY...GOODNIGHT!!!!
hahaha, thanks for believing in me. ;)
ok coo what u been up to?
Help rookies survive Little 500 with your #WordsFromSeasonedHoosiers (score free breadsticks with a RT)
Oh, I'm there. Been getting in shape for a while. Round is a shape you know.
MT Mourdock got 1 congratulatory call from a GOP U.S. senator. We'll see in a few hrs if it was premature
Taylor Swift will be in the rainy city in four days !
Okay. Someone please explain to me how F. Valli's "Grease" contributes to the overall narrative of the show.
Today is FRIDAY! And we have tours at 2pm, 4pm and 6pm for all your happy hour needs! Tours are FREE!
You make me the happiest Lady in the world. Despite our past, I love our relationship and the way you treat me. You're the most beautiful
"A person with a reason will always find a way."
you go!! adele
And full scholarships-amazing!!!
I hate being ignored .
He smiles and then looks away. And you wonder just maybe that smile meant something he couldnt say.
Looking for comics for June 22 at Governors Comedy Club. Hit me up for details if interested #Comedy #open mic
so happy you are back and thanks for the great blog post. where are you sitting?
Agree with you about Cappy; always thought he was a gamer. What don't you like about T. Gwynn Jr., though?
honestly,I've never seen anyone fall because of a banana :$
=)) cant wait till june...
Oh em gee Becky! THE NEVER ENDING STORY! xD
#IfIHadAGun I would steal some crack cocaine
We are going to call you Saturday out of the Blue. How's that sound?
Lmao that's petty Idc....I need to upgrade huh lol
ok I won't say shit about the lakers...the nuggets is out there kicking ass
I had a goodnight chillin with brad and tyler, and catching dinner with kyle and his mom, but now it's 4am and I can't sleep! damn fire ...
just me!
Two shows this week! 1/26 and 1/28 Who can party harder Lafayette or Baton Rouge?
Oh we've heard of the #LaJolla Half. Good luck on your run! :)
Finna Charge My Phone N See What's Goodie Cuz I'm In East Lib Right Now.
How was your weekend? Did you do anything active??
Thanks for the RT. How are you? I hope everything is going well. Things are great here; well, except for the rain :-)
#Imagine You: if your mother and I were drowning . Who would you save?. Austin : i'll save my mother and i'll die with you ♥
Good job to get out of that without more damage, at least. Down just 1 with 3 innings to go..got a chance
Oh em gee. I just misspelled my own last name in an email. Thank you Gmail for the "undo send" option.
Looking for an inexpensive #promo? Check out the imprinted #Javalina pens SPECIAL at 500 only $0.39 each.
Do you find homes in Cumbria? Will need 4-bed rental first and then will buy in 2 years.
Hahahaha love it!
just saw a guy in Fulton watching stocks on his laptop..... while at the urinal....
Very true. It does create a great spirit on campus. : )
For all that you coulda bought some 993's & nobody would go on you ctfu.
Just a typical day animating flannel patterns. (Flannimation…?)
3 days = countdown to the arrival of my new camera. Ever been without the resources to pursue your passion? It challenges your
When will congress recognize that women vote more than men & that they should support our freedom to choose?
haaiiii c: follow me ?
Currently sitting in on a GREAT Soulful Symphony rehearsal...they're playing Thriller!!!!
RT Don't get service from #clear #clearwire, their service is AWFUL!!! Always down, slow, and HORRIBLE Customer Service!
I see you fam! Hope all is well bro
Qued up Patty Griffin, her tunes are perfectly satisfying my music hunger right now. Sing it Patty!
I'm going to retweet some of my favorite mentions over the last 2 days. Sorry I could not respond to all. I had over 100 mentions!
well yeah especially the ipad! Ill need a new laptop for school in the fall so Ill hopefully get the macbook air this summer! :)
Who has thoughts or questions about robot soccer? Do you think the bots will be able to take on the real World Cup winners by 2050?
Just visited the dept to print 3 more chps for revising. Anticipating an interesting return in the Fall. very interesting....
so what else is new with Hollywood couples?
my chin is ticklish
Safety first! As you where. Just be careful with the camera/video features, please!
You know, Ani DiFranco, the Goo Goo Dolls, & Rick James are from Buffalo.
alright what's up
render failure. CRAP
Connecticut men, women to play in Jimmy V Classic
I'm single.
Upcoming #DCDrinkUp's! March 23rd in Crystal City. And on April 6th a #DCDrinkUp at Rocket Bar in Chinatown! More details soon!
If people would worry about being #successful more than worrying about who Un-followed them...they would be Un-Broke!
is anyone on?
RT : Your church is where the "found" can be fed. But your workplace is where the "lost" can be found.
I'm beyond proper when it comes to working but w/ ya'll i can get ghetto
Crazy. JC Penny's sales were basically total scams before they changed their pricing.
Just got cool Snapseed for iPad by Nik Software, Inc. Photo apps for Ipad are getting more usable for pros and creative amateurs.
sometimes there together sometimes there not
your awesomee. please follow me back!!!!!!!! ily :) <3 also your songs are inspirational, im a singer myself :D
For reasons unexplained, I just typed "glitter" instead of "twitter." Please, no vampires today.
which model? #sojealous have fun in the sun!
Maybe they need to tweak so three younger DPs count as 2 old DPs
Heading to to deliver a speech on policing & public safety, including rebuilding police-community relations in NYC
what are you guys seeing?
Please RT! Remember to mail your ballots by March 25 & make your vote(s) count! #OneUnion =
Going out with my girl (:
I would LOVE to make a video for you guys! I wear T-shirts & make videos for a living. Anyone in marketing I can talk to?
I'm so confused on that last tweet from you and the one I sent was about the awk at lunch
This weeks been horrible
Very interesting idea.
It's cold...I don't like it...and this is nothing compared to what I grew up with in MN
burnished goldtone. 17" necklace with 3" extender and 1"L pierced earrings.
Guess MPD had no choice. Large crowd @ 35 & Silver Spring. Sheriff & Several MPD on scene.
My mother is drunk texting me telling me how fun being drunk is. She had one margarita.
Some Girls Are Ugly With Piercing !
ok, u r 1 of the 6. ;) personally I like the others' photo tweets.
Thanks Donelle for the continued support! Bring all your friends on Friday night, it's going to be a PARTAYYY
Right back at ya, my friend. =D
id believe that if I didnt lock my keys in my truck atleast 6 times a yr..although this was only the 2nd time it was running lol
looking for a job? Check out for listings!
Fall is nearly here...plenty of time to make a film about DC! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
I definitely remember seeing your little Arab face saying "shot" "shot" "shot" every 60 seconds
I just gained so much respect for Mark Sanchez saying he will take a pay cut to help the team 100% respect right there
yea it's rough out here in these streets
Cuz i can love you more than this. Ive never had the words to say but now im asking you to stay a littke ehile in my arms~
Probably. But ck the archive. It might be there.
Don't miss the Italian Festival this weekend in Richmond, VA. Eat great food, learn that not all Italians are in the mob. Forgetaboutit.
Thanks to you too. On Medicare: it's one of our country's most important, defining achievements, &I think most Americans know that
Hey Noel i miss you
Its only Wednesday
Do you feel extra lucky on this extra day? Happy Leap Year!
✔ Food ✔ Bed ✔ Music ✔ Twitter ✔ Cellphone = Perfect day
gaaaah, that's the only class i'm failing! ): but yeah, he's doing WAY to much. that "project" he made us do was a joke.
Armin you make dreams come true
I should have mentioned I thought your gas joke was funny.
James how you feeling?!?!
So, uh, New Richmond, Indiana thinks I'm pretty?
First time I have turned on computer or phone turning them off back to relaxing spring day. Sweet
One of those people out there with protected tweets is your therapist passing your problems off as jokes.
ya! so stoked!!!
I have so much cleaning to do its ridonkulous...Cinderelly Cinderelly night n day it's Cinderelly..... :)))
Big fire by Rimrock and John Nolen...
Thanks for the RT, Colleen.
hii im Maddie nd i was wondering if you can follow me :)
same...do u prefer winter or summer?
Looking forward to the new rivalry between my and the And of course to pick up a game when I am in Orlando.
low on chicken good on everything else looking forward to seeing you sir!
sure thing, just need some digits. :-)
Thanks for the retweet!
I am tired, yet grand at the same time. Oh and thirsty.
Did I just hear fireworks in Hollywood or am I going nuts? Oh people.
I hate waiting for a urinal to open up. Guys standing next to each other smh
I am wasted over long distances, we dwarves are sprinters. Quite deadly at short distances...
"I didn't ask for this" haha good line Rick.
#WhenAGuy Walks You To Your Classes <3
yeah but whatever. I'm not gonna let stuff get to me you know.
OH: Bark twice if you're in Milwaukee.
is y'all speaker boring
they really should embrace it. Like the way vendors in Baltimore sell Yankees stuff when they visit.
Switched to Tweetbot
No, a little further away;)
; when i say you make me wanna throw up, i'm not exaggerating. you legitimately make me wanna barf.
THIS Saturday we're all about the ladies! Swapping womens, maternity and kids clothing, access and shoes. Come with old and leave with new!
“For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack” Be a part of our wolf pack at our Fashion show Feb....
Fashion's Night Out is Thursday. Gallery Walk is Saturday. It's a #DesignDistrict week!
Every difficult task is a chance to learn about my own power.
“: If your...building has not been contacted by Secret Service by first week of May, most likely won't be affected.”
Afternoon flights to D.C. are getting cancelled. Looks like we're going to be the last flight today, though we're leaving a bit late.
; you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo.
online is shitty pull up with some money scrub
omg you are so cute!!!
Last chance for Paczki! (You don't want to have to wait a whole year to try one!)
:The MAX life :)
if I wielded that much power, your wish would be granted.
I'm sorry I'll be missing you all at Faculty Academy. I'll try to tune in to the talks that are going on after 9 a.m. PST!
Tha aftershock. New life, New attitude, New style, New Me!
“: I have an obsession with amazon” story of my life.
haters hate, nothing you can do. Just remember who's the better person, and after his tweets you'll find your real fans.
What was that chapter about?
yes, but he's young and he didn't have that veteran playoff experience. MoJo is special, great stick skills and skating
Z O U
Live email critiques by peers on 11/11 for #UWEBC members. Send screenshots in advance for review!
It has made for the longest Jambaroo ever, but he is fantastic. Miss him at Deadspin.
Nice seeing you at the conference last week. Random question: when do you use broad match modifier for keywords?
Big Announcement THIS Week..........Get Ready for this......WoW is all we can Say...............Specyphi What you Believe....
In this way, the show can relay the impact of disabilities on people in every situation.
is excited about several new job prospects. fingers-crossed!
good thing i learned how to write Zayn lol<3
really?! That's good! Can I know what is it?!
"Gone With The Wind?"
I sweat details—even the difference 1/32" makes—because print books are the original retina displays
#golf weekend
only one way to find out!!
What is stopping youv
Im next, if you cant see that then i have other choice but to assume that your blind.
Are you feeling sluggish on this Monday? Come in for a massage! $10 off for new customers! www.massagedc.com Open til 8pm
Thnx for the follow. How in the world do you stand Saddle Bags Jan?
Iam at the Verzion Center for my Nickelback, Bush, Seether, and Darkest Days concerts.
fine I suppose...lol goodnight! Sweet dreams! 😊
u better get the females over then lol
Anyone have an old turntable or other gear you'd like to donate to ?
Get your ass to &Grill tonight! Download and get 1/2 price appetizers and $1.00 drinks! See you there!
Today is Herbie Hancock's birthday! amazingly his music is in Nile's upcoming bellydance performance. Tune in
Who drinks beers at their kids' soccer games?? Must be an Illinois thing.
three days later, I check Twitter. Lol. Thanks for latimes article!
Gets to see my boyfriend today!
Sweetness! When will it be released do you think?
I got this ice box where my heart used to be.
Got the Voices in the Clouds posters today. They are so cool.
round 2 of
What do you snack on as a vegetarian? Besides fruit...or nuts...
I love and <3333
yes we are offering the IELTS prep for ESL students.
getting pumped for Huskies vs. ASU tonight at Wing Central tonight!
Wanted: usage of HD camcorder for a table reading @ IO West on Sunday. 90 min of footage. Payment: Eternal love and gratitude... ;)
what Yu up too?
Thank you for helping our kids heal by retweeting. They are hurting and it helps knowing others care
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :)))
hey whats up
your welcome yes i do! Keep an eye on him, he is very talented. He will surprise you, get ready!!!
You know you're tired when they ask for your order at Starbucks and you give your name....
Good, thanks! Did you see the Davy Jones tribute info?
Jawdropping dumbfounding no-effing-way of the day: Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch dead at 47. I'm tellin' y'all it's SABOTAGE!
I love lamp long time.
new jerseys are awesome! cant wait to get my hands on a alternate "wolf grey" uni. #goseahawks!
i had feddachinni alfredo last night and i thought of when we went to Rewinds... do you remember that?!?!?!?!?!
negativo...wasn't included on that memo. Text me new one
Coming soon to an internet near you. "Blind Slavery: What You Don't Know Will Keep You in Chains". Your host: ME!!!!!
Today at the dance; it started off horrible. Crying, Tears, everything was wrong, then I think it ending up being the best day of my life (:
good stuff you still in it boss nevercountmeout. My motto!
you really are in love with her 👍
I wouldn't be walking back. I'd probably see a movie and have tony pick me up. It is too hot for that shit lol
Fed her the mushroom!! Lol
Loving “funny or die?” tune into our show to hear how to rise to the top with a comedy web-series!
It's freaking on this Thursday! Swagger and science! Glad you're bringing the nerdy hotness!
At least he's a job creator for one sector.
My uncle is at L&L's! :D I love seeing my island family!
our magazine spent 2 years living and working with the homelesson skidrow and we've worked with the homeless all over
ShoutOut To Go Follow Her She Gives ShoutOuts Nd Mentions So Go Follow Her If zyu Want To Increase Your Followers P.s Me Back
haha yes! I sent u a couple DM's .. Use it! :) lol
RT : Super excited to see all of the #libraryschool graduation tweets! Congratulations to all of the #newlibrarians!!!
y doesnt time warner cable have it yet
Happy birthday !!!
I just had way too much fun piercing the bag of green beans with a fork...
is teaching woody and frank how to use twitter...
How did I end up on the wrong side of a love song
big bobo bitches
In their attempt to sabatage Pres#Obama the #GOP has shown their true colors: anti-Constitutional; dictatorial ambitions; and inner racism
when is #MNSHRM this year? And locale?
GO BIG! People have no idea what good art is. Smack them in the face with awesomeness!
...which raises the question: Are Spiderman's webs edible?
Road trip to NYC in a Lotus? Challenge accepted. Farewell DC!
I need a new passport
IF YOUR BIRTHDAY IS TODAY OR THIS WEEKEND THEN HAPPY BIRTHDAY
The country is going crazy this year. Don't you think? I guess everything changes.
god, but im about to get off actually.. haha. :p
hahaha well yeah, you ARE 5 hours ahead of me. So that would make sense. :D
That food I just made >>>>
Of all time George Karl???? Fuck outta here
A word for Wednesday: fisselig. It's German, meaning: flustered to the point of incompetence. It's most often used in reference to a n...
if the lights would've went out when he went to leave, I would've been gone! Lol
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Sewing News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
#payday is sweet get out and rep that
: wait…what? (*laughs*)
pearls dear, always pearls.
About to see "The Help"!!! Yayy :)
Also, I know it's tradition to sign off with "God bless" whatever, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.
New project: get to 1,000 followers before
...but only after they've started thinking independently first and generated their own ideas.
True Story: You tweeting this caused me to download the Michal Jackson Number 1's cd on itunes and have a dance party
“: Lmao I'm bouta take u out my nigga mighty mouse!! Lol” aight papa bear
txt me
Stephen Foster, who wrote "My Old Kentucky Home," was born in and lived in...Pittsburgh.
Thanks for the RT! See you tomorrow night at the launch event!
I think I need to stop buying fabric for a while. or give some away. or make things. or all three. I have SO much fabric! love it though :)
Great success at the Miami Expo South show ! We received applications for several malls in the South Florida area. Own your franchise !
We like ethnographers and all other qualitative sociologists... Best of luck to you. <3
busy day at !
I am the meanest genius with the biggest bee-nest. ;)
yes. Refs can add to bad basketball equation and often do. STILL shouldn't have passed.
I'm as horny as a squid on a Tuesday.
*dabs a wetone on my face* I think we should hunt him down, drag him out here by his hair.
congrats on your new threads courtesy of imo you should get it sized up a bit so i can borrow it :p
New video Monday! Who's so excited?
complaining or fighting? That is your opinion rather than what we are actually doing.
Finished organizing suitcase. :(
Ideology, Political Theory and Political Philosophy
im your biggest fan i love you so much, your soo hot, and gorgeous and id do anything for you to follow me<3
and Thanks for the MT!
Love Orl #Magic but gotta show love to my neighbor #DocRivers and #Celtics. Have a special spot for short and to the point
RT : Social Game Makers Place Their Bets: Producers of console games are considering poker and other forms of gamblin......
im so addicted to your style and humor, im having trouble cheating on you with other authors.
What's your favorite song to sing at karaoke? We like any that hide our horrible singing abilities
In Obamaland, patriotism is so rife that even Martha Washington is now considered hotter than previously thought
kitties do seem like a cure-all. :)
Having a great time making new connections at the #NABshow, If we haven't met yet let's meet up! #networking #mobile #apps #Vegas!
I gotta loop into this convo. oh wait, i just did.
Day 3 #paleo- “The person who really wants to do something finds a way; the other person finds an excuse.” ~Author Unknown
you looked cute :)
yes indeed! Love to u!
This gig is gonna be fun. Funk funk funk.
Warriors need to fire Mark Jackson. Why does Nate have the ball for the final possession? Bad coaching all season.
To all the excellent people we met during the rally last week. It was an amazing time! Happy to be home with the fam!
media and good fundamentals driving markets higher. this isn't the first go'round of this type. trimmed & fine tuned holdings. $STUDY
dude. I am sorry for you
My sister and think i was a hooker in my part life
realtor ninjas are awesome but kinda sneaky!
It's the aroma of fresh shrubbery.
Has Obama been on yet?
Jason Treutelaar expects to return to sidelines at Racine Holick next year. Has a very talented young team to work with.
We added the members under our info, check it out.
Was it tonight? I'm sorry. I love almond butter.
my goal is to lose 15 lbs and I already lost 5 in 3 days. That's a bit ridiculous. Water weight.
The Heat just converted the fastest break I've ever seen
this place SUCKS WITH OUT YOU MY FRIEND !! LOL
Earth Day Style: What are your favorite eco-conscious beauty and fashion brands?
do what
MT : Hillary Clinton, 1st Lady, Senator, Sec of State, pres. candidate who put 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling, b. 1947.
Focused on "us" today....
We look forward for #MassEffect3 this week !
Totally told the bouncer last night not to let the dude wearing the same shirt as me in. Oops.
I could see how that scene could be played while keeping with your interpretation of Stannis.
Had to blow away another jerk. Aren't there any nice guys left out there?
Having a celebratory beer with the band after our appearance on Heartland TV!
Today's BTU inspiration: "When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears." ~Tony Robbins
BIG thank you for the shout. How are you?
of course, don't we need to pass it before we find out what's in it? Please stay home in November sir.
I used to live in Mobile and they have their own style of beignets. I miss both kinds. Lucky you!
"We know a place where no planes go - We know a place where no ships go." ::arcade fire::no cars go::
Sharon Sharon Sharon Sharon!
I've never had mochi! I've always wanted to, but I'm not quite sure what it is!
"i love college cuz i go to oneonta state"
xD That's why Lady GaGa > Britney Spears ever was.
Ha ha ha im watchin tosh.o
You guys are not so bad either. Let's all keep it coming, while I go off and butter my bread.
can't stop listening to NEW ALBUM
Check yo email... Sorry about that, man!
I'll go at night outside, I just go in the tire ruts as much as possible. helps to live in an area w/o much traffic
But other people had already theorycrafted it for me. I can't keep up w/ independently wealthy children.
Getting my laptop fixed at Tekserve, then Best Buy, then football & beer and more football & beer. I might as well be a dude w/ a beer gut.
RT- if you ever wanted a tree house
I'm dying.xD
REALLY tough call on what's tighter...a banjo string or my hamstring!
REI has camping gear, also check military surplus stores around town
thank you Carol, you are so special for always sharing these with others!
#newspaces4learning So, really thinking planning out 21st century lesson designs would be interesting.
" I'm not here to please anyone... I'm here to be a nice person and true to myself."
Another day in paradise.
I guess if I can't be a good example, I'll just have to be a horrible warning.
On the way back from a long day of baseball bad day
boosie got off.
Happy to hear is staying Orlando. A win for the "small market" teams in the NBA.
Jay I'll get up on your lap and work it ;p
tonight too I think. All 3 sold out!
- Have you considered tutoring with Reading Partners? We'd love to have a professional book lover in our ranks!
lmao and that was just a random saying from eminem
": Haircut time! (:" I demand a picture afterwards!!
is appearing live on Fred Dicker's radio show...
A sun-powered robotic explorer named Juno is rocketing toward Jupiter on a fresh quest to discover the secret recipe for making planets.
This has an extra bonus of fluffing my hair up so I look extra good when I leave the bathroom
Final 4!! UK vs UL!!!! What more could u ask for
I think we have to get out of the habit of labeling intentional efforts to deceive as "stupid" They know better.": Saying Reagan is
They got in over their heads and they're going to pay the price later tonight.
Remember all those times I swore I needed you? Well, consider them lies. Here I am without you & .. I survived.
Motley Crue kicks ass!!!
Oh wait! $6 burger and fries AND $1 dogs till 11 pm.
Broncos' CB and former Saints player, Tracey Porter, wasn't listed in today's suspensions. Great news for both Porter and Denver.
I've caved and given into Twitter for the sake of Juliet. Please follow me and help me promote the book! Merci a tous!
My mom just called me hot and foxy in the same sentence. I really don't know how I feel about that.
When you're sitting here alone with a dr pepper & goldfish. THANKS FOR THE LUNCH DAD.
Still makes me laugh EVERY time. #Harlot RT Another successful #TrampClass !!
Who the fuck are all of these crazy pink haired people, and what are they doing at the convention center?
it can take me an hour to put on my socks
I think I'm going to just stick with being friends w/ you for right now, I mean your leaving&i know the feelings aren't mutual between us.
I am a part of all that I have met. ~ Alfred Lord Tennyson
AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT AND BIOLOGIC CONSEQUENCES OF RAPE - ...
I think applebees is bringing my food from another location.
Happy Mothers Day 2 My Mom Love u & Love 2 All Mothers 2 Day Enjoy Party Well 2 Day
the Fab-5 the first team I followed in C-BBall and Webber was my favorite player. Those teams were fun to watch
Lorre will be known for killing the sitcom yours was the only one worth watching and it was YOURS- F him
what you did is fluuuucked
One of my pet topics as nothing burns talented people out faster. I think thoughtful, thorough performance review are key.
sunflower seeds...
Remember the song, "Sur le Pont D'Avignon"? Discover the history and style of d'Avignon in southern France...and #lighting to match!
Get it!!! Sooner you're done, sooner we move :) ha. When's last day of class?
that would have helped yesterday! HaHa!
This stank has got to stop!
I am a warrior
#wine and #animalcrackers thanks
So, new UK Bribery Act comes into force today. Wonder if that will see change to travel journo junkets to sport events, etc, etc?
And you feel your head is going to fall off from nodding in agreement with her? A new form of headbanging.
lmfao we suck at using # tags and I heard something! .. in my room.. at like 1 . And I have to tell you what happened to me(;
My dreams are 730!!
This car next month tho>>>>>>
I feel like doing live monitoring of customer support tweets is dangerous during a projected session.
So #LIRR why do u suck? A/C is broken? Im SWEATING!
I don't want to disappoint you :(
Kimps is gonna have a career high weekend in rebounds, i can see it now
hey, i just met you. this is crazy.. but here's my number so call me baby.(;
so sad. Yet so true. Happy unbirthday!!!
I thought he looked familiar!
going great! Progress! How about you???
Hope you get to feeling better.... Well I had a beer afternoon yesterday with the neighbors... Drunk by 4 PM!
Enough said. But like you said on another note Good Mawnin'
Where was this humor in the classroom? Happy New Year!
you didn't bring a flask?
man I got fam there so imma have fun
Excited tonight!
Giants sporting the 'Gigantes' unis today. Wish they also only charged me 9.75 pesos for a beer.
I'm reading Drift by R. Maddow & feel it is changing my life. I'm listening to Mr g by Alan Lightman. Not life changing
awesome! Had a mini meeting the other day to discuss the exact date. So excited! I know your input is going to be great!
Mr. McNish, just wanted to say that I'm fast becoming a huge fan of yours! Good luck this year at Le Mans and Sebring!
My body is just a little working part on planet earth! I am one with mother nature
Still have an hour to kill. I do feel better after going to church.
I don't know lots of things. One thing I didn't was that Heavenly Hash is another name for Rocky Road. found that out today. It was delish.
Whatever happened to originality?
That Moment when your both trying not to be the 1st to speak!!!!!
The hell?! The DVR recorded weird crap into other stuff. Some guy jumped into and episode of The Mentalist shouting "Angel Dust!"
If lackey can hold it together BOS under 8 is solid... Also I like WNBA CHI Sky +5.5
It's so hot out, make it stop.
is that what Schotty runs?
Action is the foundational key to all success.
if you ever get a chance to see them live, DO IT! I liked them before; I love them now.
Hey , I have ~320MB of data left to use today on my new iPad. How do you suggest I blow it? :)
remember he called the pick vs. N.O a successful season, this is from the legend that he is in his own mind....
All these kids from my high school are getting twitter and it's soo annoying. might as well delete my personal and come on this one ONLY
This girls has enough hair on her back to be mistaken for a gorilla
VIP treatment for da bestie ;) Yup as I proved yesterday!!!
#iloveyousoincrediblymuch. there's just not enough words to describe how much i love you!!! :D
yes ill get info from u tomorrow
It's #Brewer ticket giveaway day! Buying a drink or soda today gets you an entry to win a pair of tix to this Saturday's game!
Best Buy profits drops
Grading student presentations from my public speaking class. A few tips on speaking:Start strong, define your purpose, establish credibility
Congratulations to #AtlantaOperaChorus member MEGAN MASHBURN #winner of the Georgia District Met Auditions!!!
Let's play Simon says! May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14
I am honored chriss !!!!
Heard this today: "Vote for me, I know nothing and hate the same things you do!"
Yeah, I saw it. Thank you honey :)
Woman works for Red Cross and was still griping about all the free handouts ALL black people demand!
hi How are you? I'm from los angeles, ca. You?
Gaaaaahh.....really? Out of al thr people I could like....I'm falling for you?! Didn't expect that one...
Happy New Year & Happy Training! RT Happy New Year!
Only honesty can break down the wall of resistance to personal change. Don't keep patching the wall with self-deception.
absolute vodka & jst put the skittles same color in them & let them dissolve in there & the color changes & it should taste
I really think I use my son as an excuse for my addiction to Disney movies!! =p
LOVE rainy day naps
Why is News 12 Interviewing my neighbor?
Just like snow, my black pepper pinot noir couscous experiment is AWESOME
So ready for the weekend!
it doesn't start till the week of the 14th bruh. But should I still go for a Wednesday in general?
The Bernandez Era is underway! King Larry!
nice to see a fellow video chick will be in attendance!
be mad all you want, im being happy.
what did you think of Splash Media?
Haha RT : I don't think ol' boy in Tulsa will call me back. He must be a Ok State fan
Can't say _________ would be mad
RT : This humidity better cure my chapped lips
Np. ey I just woke up. Went to bed at 3..was so boring last nite. Your dp makes me wanna sleep again
A History of Graphic Design: Modern Newspaper &amp; Magazine Layouts
Justin Schultz earns First-Team All-WCHA, Defenseman of the Year honors. Mark Zengerle picks up Third-Team All-WCHA honors as well
Damn. I can't seem to run a script in #TextMate using Shift + Command + R. What broke it?
You should just watch YouNow and probably you'll be better k hun (:
Gonna spend my day watching Zombie movies.. <3
this was funny
I've really fallen out of the loop since downgrading to a 3GS. This camera just doesn't cut it. :[
Headed to Escambia river to do some bass fishing!!!!
Sure You Follow &
Just finished a major writing project. Took one night off to watch TV, eat my own cooked food, drink Pinot noir.
Moscato and grapes
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Have you ever done any video tutorials on making comics in Illustrator?
nice conversation. I need to get some sleep tweet ya later!
RvP is incredible... That goal might provide crucial for 's quest to finish in the top four. Best striker in the world?
Mine: "monies" RT My favorite words in any city budget document: "other funds"
Morning:) I would be at school right now sleepy.-___-
how often is there a significant change?
football game tonight :D <3
FATHER GOD I BEEN BETRAYED!! TURNED ON... FEEL LIKE THEY BEAT ME LIKE A SLAVE! MIND GONE..
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.”
Fall asleep on me, I dare yah.
would you be interested in running the race as a photographer?
That's a silly mistake. Always assume no Internet.
Got an idea for us? Send it over. We love hearing feedback. [Thank you, for sharing thoughts on how we can improve.]
Happy #CincoDeMayo! Margaritas are on my mind.
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould also build a house on said property and fill it with women. and animals. bitches love animals.
Punch a table at work. Table lost! X)
will Portuguese do?
Happy birthday to 's mom. Oh, and to me too
Calling my baby Leah in a bit.
still working on our site....WOOF!
Legendary send off from a legendary group of people. Thanks!
Flashbacks. Panic attack. Can't breathe.
"You have amazing BJ lips!" -- lol LORD people are crude and forward!!! Let's clarify that he was NOT speaking from experience! Lololol
yea I guess so what was ur favorite part about tonight?
The NeoCons wanted to OWN the middle-east. Obama has pushed for Democracies. That's the REAL difference.
Bhahaha tell me I was calling this guy who I went to high school with by the wrong name all night. I still can't remember it
didn't you write on your twitter not even a day ago that you were helping your friends make a mv??
thank you boo
Good job making Arlington more comfortable #Royals ! Collins installs air conditioning and the team sweeps the floor!
How Facebook and Twitter Help Sound the Official Earthquake Alarm
hi, I highly doubt that you will see this but I just want to say that I LOVE YOU<21
3. I went to bed after I opened today. just got up a bit ago. ugh
bro can you put up some of the pics
Good just drinking redbull (:
I think I'm pretty good
Mission accomplished in DC...heading back home to Mpls for a few days.
Doctors are the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Yes, He did! Aapne dekhli film? :)
RSJ students and faculty -- The highest bid so far for the dean's parking spot on Thursday is $15. Tweet your bid to
Visit to the chiropractor--check!
Oh geez
so typically i like to sleep in and i dont like getting up for school but yet im up when i dont have to be ...you see how things work SMH
The Pro Bowl is a joke, and not an interesting one either.
You Should be following me on twitter here
#AllianceSummer Lively disc at Council on shared ILS; general enthusiasm but concern re: 'irreversible decision', hidden costs, staff fears.
I love you
Thanks for the kind words, and thanks especially for coming to our presentation :).
Of course, there were some advantages. Put a chick at the Top of your Top 8?! You won half the battle. Well it worked on the eastie chicks.
It's official: Hales (old and creepy) vs. Jefferson (young and cool)
it means The Clash kick ass. Sample at your own risk.
I Wish Memphis Had A Double Quick!
oh, no worries. I'll be there!
Oh damn :-( Hmu on fb den
it was already better once I left lol
good morning. it's friday.
NYC Printing 123's recent addition of balloon printing services is outstanding especially with the speed that they can be printed and...
Teatro ZinZanni. Got worn out just watching the performers. And the food wasn't half bad, either.
You're threatening to destroy the fabric of society.
Faced with a really difficult decision. Eat the dough or bake the cookie?
Now that's a metaphor to believe in!
: my favorite #slowcooker meat: chicken. #BBQ Chicken sandwiches are the best!
Guess ill be doing some recording
u play commercial music and u LIKE IT!
Early hopeful bookings for 2012 ACL. #Springsteen #Jagger #TinaTurner #Rush #jay-z Take your shots.
What's on the menu for Mother's Day?
Hope it's teaching RM at UT-Austin iSchool--the fall class just got cxled due to "irreconcilable scheduling conflict." ?
Ready to get back to Spokane. Finished up everything in DC.
hell naw lbs i dont see how people do that
I just saw the pick if ochocinco's finger! Damn dawg! You need to fix dat, you don't want your 'ish to look like torry holt's hand!!!
Damn happy you found it!!
definitely me :)
Those look really good! Now I'm hungry!
The show this August will be like nothing you have ever seen before. All that didn't believe in the Federation will see what we are made of
Thx xo Sending #getshitdone waves 2 u & ! & Luv project on artistic reps of inequality! justice+art=has my heart
*hugs & kisses RT : Mom says thanks :)
After all this years eating crabs I finally get sliced for snapping them in half. Salt goes straight into the cut too.
Don't get excited yet fellas
Hello, I hope you enjoyed yourself this morning here at Peace & A Cup of Joe. What did you get and how was it?
Sadly, I was unable to attend (though I really wanted to go). I've perused the report.
Can somebody tell me what a bridge hand is?
lol you would! We know how much you love them!
Day 3 of clean living. I hope these Lakers don't make me reach for the bottle.
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas didn't happen yet :O
Junior Seau dead??? No way
I mean... seriously. I wanted to press snooze about 3 times. Hurt my back last night and paying for it today.
Happy hour could easily turn into happy three hours.
Been awake since 5:30 for absolutely no reason...
it could be several things, hard to tell w/o looking. usually eye allergies and sometimes its reflex tearing because of dry eyes!
you're still a sweetheart for doin all you do. =)
I'm selling my Coachella ticket for the second weekend so if you want it hit me up before I put it on stubhub. $413 with the shuttle pass
I hope nobody can see me looking at El Paso's list of DWIs.
I've read a ton of good reviews but no firsthand. Good to know!
follow me !
Why President Obama 's Approval Ratings Are Going Down Most Americans thought Barack Obama would change things for the better, and he has
hey omfg your tweets are the bomb diggity lmaoo
I'm drinking and there's a lake and some ducks
Carpe Diem! -advice from guy on corner
His hits include "green onions" "hold on, I'm comin" "respect" "I can't turn you loose" "born under a bad sign"
So I found something about Jimmy I like... RT: Jimmy Carter urges that the Dems become pro-life party on my show today.
hi girl thanks for follow me
Off to #ASECS12. If you're in San Antonio, swing by the table and say hi.
SOMETHING'S WEIRD
U suck miz
Seeking Document Control Specialist for large-scale construction project in Los Angeles! Email me at …
thanks for the good words,BTW now
Not shit whats up with you man?! thanks for the support!
Phone problems my feet hurt and I'm hungry
RT : are you familiar with the lawsuit WA State residents have filled against ? <-- Nope, send me the info.
ur fine no matter what
Sometimes these bright ink colors such as lime green and hot pink look deliciously edible.
What&#39;s Happening: This is what&#39;s going on this week
Happy Spring Break 2012 Portland! Join us as we crown Miss Gortex in our annual Girls Gone Mild... OK rain, we get it!!
Search terms that brought people to my website: cuba nationalized pepsi sugar; veranda; the 30s mafia new york families; prison is bad
Interesting #saas advantage that customers can share BPM, reports because they are on a single platform.
then go back to sleep... lol
Everyone will be talking about him... What a voice! - Portland's Soft Rock
Family guy with the family (:
Not sure. And... of course I nailed it!
Working on several web sites at the moment, including the next version of my portfolio, www.idiom3.com. Busy!
Going to school!(:
Great article on Alex in SI. My wife and I were the friends at dinner for the "move on" toast. Hindsight is 20/20!
Permanent Makeup Special! 100 off all procedures during the month of April. Call us for an appointment now. Evenings and weekend appts
good luck tonight Madrigals! :D can't wait to hear you!
thank you!!
A 'brand' new name that speaks for itself. This is MindFirstFitness.
You know we do videos too. I was trying to see if you wanted to link up for one?
Chicken nuggets and french fries with sour cream :)
Dreams Money Can Buy...
Totally serious. It's what I would get if I were buying a new one...but then I have 1/8th of an acre.
my mom tried to get us 2 say tht but we never did
exactly! I'm not a wuss when it comes to roller coasters though ✊ I go on the scariest things 😁 lmfao what about you?!
Filming a TV show in front of my building & its shut down the block. Guess I'm staying in today. Thanks
I hate mondays, ugh just be summer already..😒
Guilty as charged. “: Oh, Randolph, you and your "F- me" shoes, again.”
:-) - btw, how are things going at Ignition Alley?
Can I go?
OMG! A rich kid might have been a dick when he was 12?!?
Sip Happy Hour - Vintage Lounge - Orlando
Backstage. Eddie Kingston approaches Drake Younger. He wants Younger to know that he's got his back against those Anarchy guys.
Thank you for all the new followers! Help me get more and more followers!! I love having your support. Thanks again. God bless.
HOME ALONE
Got oc sprayed yesterday and finished my second tattoo. (: taking leave soon for the family trip to Collins lake.
My sister is home, but instead of spending a lovely evening with her, I'll be at the old place of employment.
he looks like a Teddy bear
right here! right here!
: thanks for the follow. Wish I was well enough to work out
Pitching coaches get it too. RT : Why are hitting coaches always the fall guys? Why not bench coaches? Or third base coaches?
Got a bruise on my leg for trying to play soccer
Had a ggoodnight wit my girl. bout to crash at her house
You left me without saying bye
that is an easy one, Coit tower looks like a huge dong. I used to live in north beach and that big penis was in my backyard
Dance ( ASS ) - Big Sean
well it's more fun when ur close. Blowing someone out by cheating is boring. I think I'm gonna lose this one
yes, I'm sleeping at that hour:)
SOX: It was another slow start for Buchholz and the #RedSox but Will Middlebrooks hits grand slam in B5 to tie the game. 5-5.
Great choice, as well!
Happy Birfday !! what are you 42 again!!
Happy Labor Day Weekend! from team #CandySwipe -
I'd be happy to do an email q&a, I could do it by mon or tues. Would u like a link to an online screener to watch the film?
Ok why is everyone in the league #42?!?!
this weather is good for snuggling by the fireplace, hot cocoa, chili, and TOE SOCKS!
Hope they like it! I'd be interested in hearing their ideas :)
Just returned from Great people and great resource for the community!
apple picking on the opening day of football? That's impressive!!!!
Ad hominem => To the individual, often used to describe a personal attack on a person
ok hun it should be there now!!
Accident on I-25 North near 20th Street exit. #Denver # traffic
I just made it. Come on Indies... Let's support this conference & each other. Register now
As long as you bring the peace pipe! Off to work! (on a damn Sunday)
Can't wait for your new single!! I'm defiantly a #lexinator !
can't wait! Love you guys!!
RT : Baxter: when you talk to people off the record, it goes straight to the fear of outsiders.
Coming Soon: The Libraries Film Series. Come watch 4 Films of the Apocalypse on Tuesday nights in April screenings at 7 pm in Rm 104 Mullins
The interview starts when you pull into the parking lot. Be kind & courteous to everyone!! Escalante
Parents join engaged couples for pre-wedding dance lessons - Wicked Local
Tournament tonight at The Standard starts at 7PM.They have Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone, Black Rose and Getaway.Show up early 2 practice
Oh, no, that's much worse than a cold. I hate seeing nasties coming for us and not being able to duck them.
Attn Law Librarians - is anyone else finding the URL's for FDSys hard to deal with when updating your saved GPOAccess links? Ideas?
hahah well you should! Im listening to them now..lmao whazzuupp
Whatever happened to chef on south park
Big announcement tonight! Be here at Midnight to hear the news!
yes buts it's okay because you're still GRAND<3
Songwriters! Check out Google Music out today! Definitely worth your while!
When you move away from "I think not" freedom begins.
What's wrong? :(
Beauty is about liveing ur life and being happy about urself inside and out. Not worrying about what people think of u
Amen! Half naked women dancing before a business crowd is completely inappropriate.
This show jail is *crazy*
much better! Thanks:)
": Dont be afraid to lose the person u love cause if they truly love u, they are not going anywhere"
can't help u with the money, but maybe could help doing it with less. Done plenty of that because of background. (NY based dp)
I've been home like 2 times this week. I drive way too much. :((
If you can tweet any pics it would be greatly appreciated
$1 Billion, and owned by Facebook.
Los Angeles mall.
New TV dinner TODAY-Braised Beef Sloppy Joe, Spinach, Roasted Potatoes, Green Beans & Coconut Snowball. Only $15. Call 404.681.4434!
Door's open. Early crowd is pretty intellectual (and really cute) tonight. You should stop in.
Got like 20 followers on Instagram today ✌ I'm only at 70. I want more ;b
Yesterday at BBG was good to see in passing , , and in hanging out with etc.
Gwyneth Paltrow: Action Hacker!
Me! I've been printing tees for RCF this weekend. Have more to finish tomorrow.
Best to leave religion out of it anyway!
hey you I've been better but doing good! How are you sweetie?
#808Pride face it girly hes not the boy for you but u no ur
I can make one for you...shoot me over a Direct Message with name, time and party size and we'll see what we can do.
On my way to an important luncheon for my boss with Usher's 'Climax' in my head.. smh
Camp Randal can hold more than
I vote for both simultaneously. The town I'm from is called Briarcliff Manor...now, how to illegalize it?
Thanks for the article. You ROCK!
35 More Days of school!!! Yippee!!! :D
bus #43 running late (n bound) hope I don't miss my meeting...
Been in b'more for 10 mins and already i've walked past 2 shims. Ah Baltiwhore. Welcome back Lesley!
and they always end with me blubbering and my husband looking at me crazy and laughing.
Aw, thank you I love being with readers!
Burn off that bad lunch at The Super AbMaster tonight & then&630PM tomorrow. Need personal training? Visit Shop.JoAnnaWardFitn ...
lmao he's funny as hell…OMG SWEDES AND BSB
. will be at McGilvery's Speedway Pub tonight from 7:30-8:00PM interviewing w/ Don Kay & Autosport Radio. Stop by & say hello!
On the road again!
So the first act of my teleplay is all in sotto voce.
Only if you get a spray tan.
It isn't until October sometime so I will likely have to go if I want to get invited to the annual Halloween party!
GanCao is sweet and beautiful.
Great episode of this morning including a well informed round table with and
Who is playing some ball this weekend? I know I am!
I stand with to support Elizabeth Warren for US Senate. Join us!
Thank you darling <3
Hi Elena, are you going to ECAD this year?// RT : have a great week!
I'm so into this visual #musicstyle map! you can just pass the mouse over the styles + it will play some cool audio mp3's...
nick r you coming to new york this weekend?
RT": Going for OSU on this one." Me too...first time ever for me lol
Thank you for your support!
Dr. Elaine Soter will be the guest on today's Voice of Diabetes with Anastasia. Tune in at 11:00 on KOKC 1520 or www.voiceofdiabetes.com
Watching Let's Stay Together with Viggle Tue | 21:30 | BET Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Plenty. I volunteered at the '96 GOP convention; always a good idea for RNC and D4P to be separate.
I'm reading "Drive" by Daniel H. Pink - what motivates people? read this book to find out - very interesting read
a diabetic mom snacking on whole rutabagas may contend.
we'd be happy to help! DM us.
with Greg? Or Antonia?
Uh yeah sure, one thing..do you know coding?
We need a cookbook for this? Food Network plugs "1000 Easy Recipes" w/sandwich: cut bread in squares, spread w/ ricotta & orange marmalade.
meeting with the talented Maria Vargas
I love having someone in my life that you can talk to about any and everything!!!!!
So anxious. $640million Mega Million.Jackpot. I can feed half of Africa with that money.
I'm blowing cigarette smoke in the face of LIFE
Before what? She shuts down and cries? RT : A girl can only be pushed so far
#idontunderstand Why is it 50 degrees!!!!
Me too Coach! I think there are only 22 ladies who don't feel like barfing right now.
Not a trick question: which sounds like a more fun stage of life, being a kid again or being middle-aged?
James Jones should learn to box out!
The Mavs are rolling Cuban cigars.
In the studio w the enormously talented .cutting vocals with
Fuck school, I need summer.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME CODY ILOVEYOU! Make my dream come true<3
Oh no Jim Cantore fr weather channel is in Philly right now... That can only mean one thing!! BAD
Happy Birthday, Bob Uecker!!! "A little bit of chin-music..." You da man, Bob!!!
Any time after July '10!
My fellow #Wrimos, I'm two days behind schedule. Someone kick me in the pants!
aight I'm holding u to that! :)
Watching Luther, that's some serious stuff! Dexter, House, The Wire, etc... make room.
A couple is discussing where they're going to cop under my home/office window in very slurred speech.
woah! So I dot have to pay her? Awesome
Have a client in the Twin Cities looking for an experienced folder gluer operator. Call me if you're interested. 888-BRAUSSE.
actually am yea! didnt think id say it but its gonna be a good summer i think and then hopefully back to the grind over here!
A bitch got to much time on her hands focus on friendship #Me..like really u got a man hoe focus on that #Dick!!!! Plzzzzzzz
Sorting books -- cracked myself up saying goodbye to _Goodbye, Columbus_.
what other reason would it be, right? I mean, it can't just be life in general, because that's too normal. Haha.
sure! Why not?! Lol. Normally i can't cheer for Philly sports either, but I'll make an exception
thank you for bringing her false statements into the spotlight!
i saw a girl today that looked just like you! And tomorrow sounds like Tamara!!!! Ah
Watched an incredible movie this weekend, FAIRGAME. AWESOME Script, brilliant acting and directing. Congrats!
Im so done with school -____-
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable. Will Rogers
schedule is tough..east carolina & navy out of conf...ark..miss st is gr8 now, plus usual beasts..whats ur point?
Sometimes we all need a little alone time. It doesn't mean we are mad, upset, shy or anything else, we just all need some space.
Woke up more or less on schedule. Here's to marathoning finals in the next 11 hours!
I am #UnintentionallyFunny if nothing else.
I'm doing Jaleo with my dad this weekend and it's his first time, what's your top 5 dish recs these days?
What are we doing here?
Hey San Antonio! Don't miss the chance to connect with Neta, master hair colorist/stylist at a gorgeous Aveda spa,
Just submitted book orders for my grad course next semester. Tough decisions, but I think they provide a nice range of engagement.
I don't judge
Ghost hunters on Cake Boss?
Yes, Yngwie too!!! Twice in one day!!
Meanwhile we'll be watching vs in PDX.
What's on Woody Allen's scraps of paper?! I MUST KNOW!
got a great testimony-filled day, a super blessing, and hours and hours of singing hymns with three wonderful singers. today = WIN
I will get my picture on line in twitter sorry didn't have one to put in today.
you just had to ask!
ur beautiful!! Will u ever notice me and follow me? Idk xp
You're up! Go for it! Explore where no man (or woman) has gone for months! Years? I think the Merante sisters think I'm dead.
Looks like an awesome opportunity!
Wow Sumaya, I had no idea you were such an internet guru! ...and she can dance! ;)
also my head is a rockin'. just got numbed and and had chunks of me sucked out through my nose. screw everybody i'm laying down.
Thank you Brandi!!
unfortunately my talk at UC-R has been canceled. my plans had to change when the release of the #malcolmx bk was pushed to 4/4.
not at umkc but ya im goin'
happy mothers day to the strongest mom i know ! my mom love you!!
Miss u homie I start training nxt mnth fro whole mnth true fitness
wat it do bro
I'd switch to emacs for you.
what's the best place to attempt a memorial day weekend camping trip? Valley of Fire? Zion? Bryce?
I just voted for Urban Underground Inc to win $250k on Chase Community Giving!
Sometimes seeing new artist living their dreams gets me depressed...I WANT THAT WITH ALL MY HEART &SOUL!
some the comments made on it are so ignorant :/
ok no prob; not sure if Barsa's there- I guess it wouldn't hurt to check- we are only 3 blocks apart
Hard to argue against that. A bus like that speaks volumes without words.
happy birthday
It's hot out there and so are the deals! Buy from your neighbors -- 7916 SE Foster Rd -- 11-7 pm
He makes all things new. He can refresh and reposition anything that's out of alignment. We must first learn to give it to Him and trust!
It's better to be rejected for who you are than accepted for who you're not.
O ok I stand corrected :)
thanks Michael!
there's none of that in phx!
I wonder if ever seen the new Twilight.I could be Bella and he could be Jacob & Logan can be Edward or the other way around.
Advice we should all live by!
my videos mostly. haven't incorporated online discussion yet. we've done some blogging, but it didn't get very interactive.
"The starting point of all achievement is desire. Weak desire brings weak results." - Napoleon Hill
Watching my favorite movie "Juice"
Going to school pretty festive today^_^
the name is nirro add me
Is it weird that I want to make Austin pancakes?
What do I do on my days off (like today)? Clean, grocery shop, and cook. (Funny thing is, two of the three are my favorite pastimes.)
I seriously am in awe of my life right now... after a year and a half, everything is FINALLY coming together!
She brought some mf syrup an shit... Where the pancakes lol
Searching online for someone's publicist, I came across "Who Represents", which has an unfortunate (but hilarious) URL.
I would never leave you! BABY COME BACK!
Hey twitterers. Happy Holidays to you and yours.
if you want
end of semester #bucketlist begins tonight
Yo! we're holding casting calls for Fashion week? 349 5th ave. at 34th st.
Think I can count Facebook and Twitter usage as examples of "faculty outreach" for my activity report?
Bobbi Kristina ...if you need anything at all...at all. GOD HAS YOU..YOUR MOM IS THERE WITH HIM
leave plz bye
are you in high school....???
anyway this is NOT a great trade for bucks?
you looked pretty @ prom,it was so good to see u again:)
you never know, but oh well looks like we need to plan out trip :)
no got my schools softball banquet
ditto I really hate him.
Singin about your man and him walk up as you start not noticing 😳
Cool. Thanks :)
Oh wow...Looks GREAT!!
When me and are single shit goes down (:< lmao
If you're really quiet and listen very closely, you will hear the sweet sound of you, shutting the hell up.
inn Bed Whatchin TinkerBell -_* it Makes Me Miss My Nieces'
Who is Barcelona going against?
Look for twitter giveaways later this morning for #TrendShow! Currently learning about a hot new fragrance called #Valentina!
Wait. WHAT? The Dalai Lama tweets??....Technology, you're out of hand.
A BIG happy birthday to two of the greatest girls ever and
because its baby makin weather!! lol kidding
Used to protest when my mom listened to Bonnie Rait, but I'm digging her new album, esp. "Down the Line." My musical taste has evolved.
Beating my dad and brother at MIB is priceless
Um, yeah.... Where are you staying?!?!
see you then ;)
Did Facebook change it's tab icon? What's the signifiance of the reverse-pointed arrow?
Happy Birthday ! You are my role model and inspiration! I Love You<3
La Chat & Certy in BROOKLYN PREPPING FOR SHOW... We WINNING HATAZ
lol! do you secretly work in their marketing department?
I remember now. Good to hear from you again.
Thank you, sir!
Dana Perino has gone from spokeswoman to the most powerful office in the land to complaining about SNL skits with Greg Gutfeld in 4 years.
Deut 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce and store it in your towns, so that...the fatherlss...may come and eat..."
Jonas Fans Are Powerful ♥♥♥
I saw them, very nice indeed! Reminded me of a cabinet a guy made for his musicman amp.
I disagree, #NFL =
It can elude some of us due to circumstances beyond our control but it has its effect nonetheless.
Make sure to head over to .com & get a dose of SEC/UK Football News by Larry, Me & Few other Guest Writers!
thanks for the add tell your friends about us and come visit for some great island food!
"I'm proud to tell you that there are many other talented students who are waiting to shine." Shyam Nooredeen at the # PENCILGala.
Those are all valid places to be
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. -A. Einstein
yankees game starting in about 1 hour...lets snap that cold streak guys!!! btw...im beating you
Have you consumed 10 cups of coffee yet for the double-double? RT : Studying at the library. Approaching career high in hours.
oh noes! On such a pretty day too. You feeling better?
Good point: "You don't have to brush your teeth - just the ones you want to keep." - in my 2 week appt reminder email from my dentist.
“: haha wait are you sure it wasnt the Bixulant” pretty sure😌
The matchup between Blake Griffin and Jason Smith should be interesting. Wonder how early it gets rough?
Somebodies gunna wish that you were here.
I AM YungBambino901
When Jesus died, He became your substitute. He took all the punishment you deserved, so you could live an abundant life. Thats good news!
Ohare is the worst airport ever!
Sorry, I'm busy walking my fish.
"I will like to be the person that you are scared to lose" We all think at a person when we read this.. No ?
cody do u pa so much becouse u keep on coming n coming not tat i dont mind ;)
oh, I see. And now I’ve let it slip that I enjoy cocktails that are reminiscent of urinals …
HELL RAISERS! Lmao
I'm just not gone do it lol its too much love there
keep up the good work from the K TO NOW WHO WOULD THINK
It was taken down sometime yesterday afternoon. Pretty much the weirdest thing ever. Good thing I snuck a peek in the morning.
I'm pretty hyped about this hilarious and funky version of A Midsummer Night's Dream It's a lot of fun! Come see it!
thanks for sharing! nailed it on this post. 6ag
Tiny Herm in Coors commercial is any better?
RT : Innovator leaving Balboa Park Online Collaborative [Best of luck on next adventures, Rich!]
It's four dollars, do you really need a refund?!
Nice lil road trip came back to the Lou and EVADED the bullshit
Poste Eggs and homemade donuts fixed us right up from the night before. Bloody Mary Bar didn't hurt any, either. Great meal!
A slight touch of friendly malice and amusement towards those we love keeps our affections for them from turning flat. Logan Pearsall Smith
blah blah blah LOL
liv the fact that you were on instagram at 3 am... And I thought I was bad!
Poet on your holiday gift list? Louis Jenkins will be signing books at CGB today at 2:00!
New york u?
good question?
Stomach hurts. <<
"Smoking is..." *waggles finger* "NOT allowed..."
Rip Hamilton is having himself an evening for the #Bulls. 20 points through 3 qtrs. leading #Knicks by 10
To effectively recruit younger employees, Goodrich demonstrates that they are a great company to work for w/ active volunteer force.
Somebody did something different and you didn't like it.
Suck my TWEET hahahaa FunnyShI:D
Money Make Her Cum I Say Money Made Cha Dumb
ok ok that's wassup. I follow UNC for college bball and I don't have a set team for football. Giants for NFL Knicks NBA yup
Sheamus Has Miami on His Mind
Happy Pres. Day! "My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth." - Abraham Lincoln
I reek of Cheetos, weed, Betsey Johnson and shame. In other words, I smell exactly like Britney Spears' purse.
I'm wondering about McCarthy not challenging that touchback by Pope??
I guess? Lge. one is still top tier premier league and each league below is "less prestigious" or something, tho
Is in Seattle and liking it quite much!
If you eat all those cookies, Wade's gonna make you a Nose Tackle
Being real is just like being single... (it hurts when you feel your alone)
No bueno, amigo! What happened?
haha let me just throw you two
We Did It! Made #1 on Google for "Tucson Business Cards" and now occupy 3 out of 10 positions on page 1. Thanks Everyone
I hate that dude who leaches bruh name starts wit a G
I was @ Manhattan School of Music for their performance of Aida then the graduation yesterday. Some great talent coming our way
shout out to my new follower!!
and I are starting a gang, who else wants to join? #birdgang, tweet tweet.
Now the question becomes when did Alex Smith get the clutch gene?
Learn tonight a key element most network marketing opportunities are missing. call 1-507-726-3420 then 21265#
our new CEO is super interested in partnerships with local schools. We do some with private schools in the area, but she wants
I refuse to let infatuation or what appears to be love alter my decisions. This time I'm standing my grounds!
Congrats on your achievement.
she likes my beard
it's more wet in the bbt than outside right now.
Allow me a moment 2 congratulate MYSELF! I give my people in da hood HOPE! 2nd time I've been featured in a magazine!!!
Man, I still can't believe they over-estimated damage to the capital. All that money wasted...what a scandal.
I love how me and Elijah can talk about literally anything and it not be akward.
Yup! You're not the first person to say this to me today, either.
My head is throbbing, the last thing I want to do is listen to Zakkour and company bitching and moaning.
vaguest tweet ever.
After waiting an eternity to get our food, you would think they would have offered us one.
so getting home at 8 o'clock this morning having 0 hours sleep with half a shaven eyebrow=Productive night
Take part in a brand new Channel 4 project | Calon FM
See flooding? Send your pictures/videos to .
Now I'm making a complaint my toilet now sits on a lean after the so called fixed the leak they was talking bout
One to five: I'm half alive. Six to nine: I'm out of line. Ten to twelve: I'm not myself. By the millionth time, I cry.
A $250 fine for a 1st time violation of daytime #curfew in Chula Vista far exceeds the crime.
Wasn't that fun?! So happy we got to hang, too! You have an open invite to our little beachside cottage. *Clink*!!
dudes aren't supposed to look at their ass and wonder why it doesn't look good. Guys asses are not attractive period
The meaning of life...
#actorsloungelive kevin sucavage is the turkey man
Thanks for soppin' by and congrats on becoming our mayor!
I'm a rich elitist stuck in a middle class budget.
if you seriously want more followers then follow my girl ri she will get you follwers asap
#mybiggestprblem trying to get her back
Should not be this tired
Interested in starting your own #film work? You've already filmed your own work? Come to Film Forward: a party for new film work. Tweet me
While Microsoft does get points for innovation, Kinect for Xbox 360 isn't the first effort to make gaming a hands-free affair.
lol I know it's a bad habit considering 75% of the time it does not make any sense :(
joe flacco, you're bad.... the good news is that mark sanchez is worse
Thanks suga RT : have a safe trip!
Michael is
Live chat with bill brands coming right up. Technical snafu delayed launch. Should be up by 12:30. Very sorry
this chick won't stop callin me man.
