Give It 2 Me
Please show it to me when You finish,!
Did you turn me into a hashtag or is there another Joe in your life?
i love you too(:
Hi again~ We're waiting to hear from you! Hope we will connect : )
hahaha I love you
Boiling in the Valley- on my way to "Canon" set. Ay dios!
been messin' about on blogspot... :) need to go to sleep...
$10k would help us research huge spike in birth defects & infant mortality in Iraq during/after war.
Cash is not the problem, the problem is that this money is not being lent, on net, for commercial real estate
Hello! Twitters
Shout out to interesting followers!
hahaha I love you too. And that sounds like a bladder problem. Get checked?
Ever owned a pair of ? No? Come by Jeantherapy this afternoon and try a pair - we promise it's life changing!
maybe u shud shut up and go fuck urself...
Lol me and Harry are going to be doing the same for the consolation playoffs lol.
#BrooklynPark teens learn confidence on the catwalk from a cop! Meet the models at 9:20.
Free Dole Whips! Book a Disney World Package for 2011 or 2012 and get free Dole Whips for the family, as our gift to you! Call us at...
Chris Brown - Yoko feat. Berner, Wiz Khalifa & Big K.R.I.T. [Boy In Detention] 2011.
Caught you on the flip side muthaafuuckkass lol
do you do it at venues or on tour or what?
Back in the twitter game, what's everyone up to?
Woo hoo! Got called off of work... that means I can keep cleaning!
11:23 2nd half. VCU 56 George Mason 44. Mason keeps creeping closer. Second half may take a while. Lots of fouls called.
Can't wait til my new phone get here
Play horror survival game, have nightmares during daylight.
Haha, I'm mentioned in this weeks Yelp Portland email, talking about my beloved Sweet Hereafter. Woo!
you are so weird
that ball has Bryan Li and Kieran Malone written all over it!
Do you have a Facebook fan page to like it ?
Fuhhhk I still have math homework.
go to see a nigga then
Fighting the urge to sing out loud, 'Precious', by Depeche Mode. Such a sad song to be happy to. ^_^
hahaha I miss you TO!!!! How is everything?! How'd your first semester go?!
As others enjoy spring break and the hunger games, I slave away on my third +15 page paper of the week.
Good Morning everyone! I LOVE YOU
My best friend in the entire world is graduating today and I've never been prouder!! =D #MuchLove to my Hanna!! <3
Farm-Mart Supercenter... a "big-box" to facilitate a healthier relationship with food. Education, supplies, food, entertainment...
Good choice. #Scottsdale is a nice place to live and play! :)
With Briana Cynthia the Emilys and Lizzie :)
Tweet Tweet! C'mon on down for vino at Urban Enoteca...get your tweet on!
thanks man you catch the Khaled interview? My team goes hard!
No problem, we are glad to hear you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to having you back again soon Michael!
oh wow! Refuge changed my life, I'd love to hear her talk. Are there still seats available?
Makin choco chip cookies...yum mama's receipe, super yum!!
Love this quote: "Gratitude is due to the simple truth that everything we have and are comes from God." John Fischer
#OscarWilde 's tomb has been blocked off. I am all for preservation but this seems more like destruction to me. XOXO from here, Oscar.
So proud of my mom and all the hard work she's put into getting her highest degree! Best nurse manager ever ;)
I'm reading Whole Latte Life by Joanne Demaio
We on the movement FWM ya
moscato friday is tonight free moscato all night long all ladies $5 before 1am
the Trayvon Martin case is annoying... It was a month ago, who cares. 😒
Online tools can help restructure expert attention
I think posted this yesterday so it's good today!!
Pop down to the M town... Love!
This office is getting Hot
You are stronger than you know
RT : Quote from : "Huggers thrive in an agency environment." True statement?
Cyber Monday is attacking my inbox.
Great show fam, went in with all the classic darts!
It shouldn't be this difficult. Moving on.
I think tweeting is cool too. I like to tweet informative information to help tweeters build their follow base.
If your earrings are also a necklace, you're doing it wrong. Stop looking like trash, people of Boulder.
The hilarious is reading today at Barnes and Noble in Metairie at 3pm. Her new book, Love at First Bark, includes NOLA adventures
There are hidden gems in every mistake. Take the time to learn and build upon them.
#FF inspirational design:
I just wrote "Buy a box of dong bags in case you knock boots" in my daily planner 365 times.
My friends are so fucking obsessed with their damn boyfriends.
Enjoying Firefly marathon on Blu-ray with on this fine xmas day.
It's like wallpaper. Shitty, shitty wallpaper.
Thank U Dr. Marin Luther King Jr. Born Michael King Jr on Jan. 15, 1929
Happy Birthday to my little sister, love youu! c:
;) hehehe hey im just very mature & have a sexy gym teacher ugh *dies* lol
I love all of the random stuff they put on the walls at cracker barrel.
I really enjoyed The Avengers
Looks like your O's have the number this year. Welcome back from that 15 year dry spell.
Secret: I'm dating a 19 year old dominican an his sex is #cray!!! Lol shhh don't tell anyone. :x
working, well almost. Ready for another Sunday.
RT : “: Where do non-ghetto black ppl go for Memorial Day weekend? ~ VEGAS BABY!! >>> which hotel is best?
If he gets out in front of the story with a reasonable message, the damage isn't nearly as bad.
2 more days till CAMP ROCK auditions don't forget mark your calender!Fri6-8 and Sat 12-3 at Academy of Dance Arts Pleasantville NY ages 8-21
Favorite thing I learned at Greeting Committee yesterday—too uncomfortable to look someone in the eyes? Just look between their eyebrows.
"With hard work and determination, anything is possible"
we are booking a week long tour in early november to the midwest and back from texas. any hot connections you want to share?
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "When will SHINee come back to Vegas?"
Apricot Ale curd.... oh yea it's happening right now!
Photography; night session,san jose!
Once it starts, you will be filled with so much awe, that you will forget food. Yes, even cheese. Yes, even cupcakes.
ha, I have one of those. Maybe she was what scared them away?
I followed ! :D
6 mile run, speedwork today, under a waning moon
we want Justin in our bed
Very nice! Enjoy! Who is getting married?
Well its official Packers left there defense at Dallas last seasons SB.This is a great team hopefully they fix the D in the off season.
"ohh hey!" stfu we ain't even cool like that. 😒
STOOP KID'S AFRAID TO LEAVE (HER) STOOP
books, custom t-shirts, handmade crafts...
I HATE GETTING ON TWITTER HOPING YOU WILL FOLLOW ME KNOWING YOU DIDNT
#IRememberWhen the old cartoons like Betty Boop use to come on
Thanks for #FF love and
oh I am. While we at the doctor tomorrow.
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
Hey! Good Morning, everyone! Have a great time, wherever you are!
this Jason falkner shit is fantastic!
Cold in California!
Going to the CANNES INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL :)
- email me that press kit homie,
I say LinkedIn is the viable winner /success in 3-5 years. Buster claims Pinterest. He loses.
you mean there was a time that you liked it??
At rehersal. Worked on a new song and now making the set list for next Fridays show at the Showbox Market!!
The force is not with today :-/ lol!
Bro... I might be moving down to STL... :)
RT : HEY GUSTAVO..... I HAVE SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!
David Minnen (Oblong Industries) says that Oblong has actually patented a few gestures themselves.
haha how did you know I was talking about you =]
Yes! Nice to officially meet you!
Good news at the ortho today. Cleared to bike. 2 weeks away from jogging! Came home & gave my Kinvaras a big hug & a kiss.
Details aren't clear but my guess is some kind of debris flow deposit - maybe a turbidite?
Following the game via from Pittsburgh!
Ya : thanks man “: - Alright, let me check what we have tomorrow. This could be arranged”
Thanks for the great conversation tonight
What's a safe but simple to use website to acquire the specifics concerning paid parental leave ?
“: I bet if Briggs had a dollar for every time someone did that he'd be rich”
too much time and I think the amount of data they have is creepy.
": So Do You Plan On Jss Having Kids Or Marriage Also ?" Marriage the whole nine yards
Finally left an audition & felt good it's been over 6 wks of not feeling great, yeah!!
lol! At least you can see that he does that with everybody that interviews him.
thanks man!!
Thought is useful when it motivates for action, and a hindrance when it substitutes for action.
I will not change it again.
Haha, no. More like online dating service eharmony:)
- so The Avengers is really good
All moved into our new office in North Beach! It's a few blocks away from Linden Labs.
I need to know. Did #michichip help you get the job?
hopefully i'll see you soon.unfortunately I'm having issues with my propane, so i won't be out thursday...not sure yet about friday
Not a hater, just sad.
Im so glad the model call and final listing of the models is finalized for style 49... Those decisions were tough to make!
TEAM (Hootie and the Ballfish) signed up for: Summer Co-Ed Softball at Montavilla Park. Mon/Wed.
Clemson taking it to Virginia! , the tigers need to finish really strong this year to make the tourney
Watching He-Man on Yeah, it's still pretty sweet
2 weeks till the World Cup starts. I'm so bummed I wasn't able to make the trip.
Ok, ok. There will be more 30 Rock in the world. Life isn't over!
enough of this foolishness... must get work done.
what's good bro? Is the cinco de mayo event today a free event?
My kingdom for a kingdom<---I am pretty sure Muammar Gaddafi said that
I already put it in there
Ha merciless! RT Being ancient is no reason not to take on board some dramatically basic, overdue realisations about oneself.
Our menu offers other selections including turkey burgers, veggie burgers and grilled cheese sandwiches.
Would you work there if you got an office position?
hm nick? Lol
nothing to worry about here
I'd love to think of it that way but it takes two to tango. :)
Maybe a lil more sleep before work? Hope so
S/o to for being my 90th follower can I get 100 before tonight's over???
I love your sounds yay for the uk happy valentines day tinie tempah if i ever see u i might jus hav 2 pass out : )!!!
merp I might be busy:((( ill try
Its almost sad when Ur out n u realize u had more fun getting ready with ur friends lol #Makeup #Party lol
Acquired a large collection of books on El Salvador, as well as books by Che Guevara, Dorothy Day, and Richard Wright.
Straight to the no#1 , What I Love About America gaining ground you must hear it ! it will bring tears to America www.rickeyleewatson.com
Finished interviews at Batavia Access TV for PSAs and educational pieces. Cried through every interview. The stories are heart breaking!
I'm happy to answer any questions you have about our printers. What kind of printer are you looking for?
We're glad you liked the tour. Make sure to come back again! -ZK
What are some of your favorite artists?
Don't delete Baby or risk having your eardrums stabbed in your sleep by the prepubescent cries of zit-faced tweens.
So I woke up in the East Village...
did u watch the super bowl? Man, you're always working!
30 years ago today I married the most incredible girl in the world. I am the luckiest guy in the world. Thank you Tammy, I love you❤
oh my god?! really! what are you ordering them ?
true....all right, I'll share. Lol
what r u doing in Dallas
you need to be trained on the signs of Lyme disease and on what to do if you find something explosive
I'm really not hearing Christmas music on the radio already, am I ?
Thanks for the RTs & mentions today: , , , , and
People of Twitter: Justin Bieber Fans Hoodlums Mexicans
Who wants tours?!
heh, did not. had been powered off for months, no idea what happened before that.
If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes
Make fun of me if you want but the Blue Collar Comedy Tour is hilarious
6am is gonna come around real fast
Who sends someone a happy 420 text....
It is not pleasure that makes life worth living. It is life that makes pleasure worth having.
Java/J2EE Developer needed in Atlanta for direct hire role. So far, one resume sent in, one interview scheduled.
yea nxt thursday
Every Friday ~ Fish and Chips- Beer Battered Cod, deep fried to a golden brown, served w/ Herb dressed Fries & Homemade Tartar Sauce
Once again sending me off to sleep #sickasshit hopefully I'll feel better in the A.M.
Friday!!! It's Friday!! What are your plans??
Need to start spacing my tweets out lol
I can't wait for April opening day April 6 :) #dbacks :)
i hate it when i give people so much stuff but when they got stuff and i ask for something they dont give me none
yeah i feel you. i think he just wants attention
Dark Shadows arrives at the Indiana Mall theater today. You can catch it first at 4:20. Also showing: The Avengers, The Lucky One...
lol yeah I did!! X P
Doctors of Chiropractic focus on the health of the whole person, and have particular expertise in neuro-musculo-skeletal injuries.
the midgets name is bag man!!! Haha
maybe your just not a morning person.
and he has never been excited or followed any singing competition before! ...that's saying a lot!!!
I feel like total shit, I can't believe I came to school for 3 periods :/ why bother!
doesn't seem to know enough to hold PG County Exec ...
Thanks!! I love you!!!
should be a great game tonight - go eagles!
FYI, you guys are all wrong. I am not in the commercial (nor is Phil Rivers!)
Yes we need to get together soon, on another note why are you using tweetdeck? when we both know you should be using Sprout:)
I think you should answer your DMs :)
I'm tryna cake
Getting married for sex is like buying a 747 for the free peanuts.
I love alicia keys but wth is up with her hair...??
Now, if they would just downsize the ingredients!
That's awesome :) Keep painting!
Your opinion is irrelevant come talk to me when you're more mature to understand what i'm saying.
:D I didn't watch the show when it was in-season but I spent a whole summer watching all the seasons haha
Finishing content for our new designed website, then it's over to for a little SEO love. Can't wait for Monday!
Homework time damn I miss her smh owell gotta get this hw done :-)
I am in touch with and hopefully they can help me resolve this before I waste more time on the phone starting at 3pm EST.
I rolling with you this one too man RT : #TeamFuckMayweather !!!!!
Having someone ask me what I'm doing for my 21st birthday and having to reply with "nothing." <<<<<<
wait apparently they are "ale inspired"...... f_f
We are! We are!
that song is actually so perfect the temper trap has some a+ music
I have to go with LSU tonight. LSU 28 Alabama 17 Go SEC!
So tired, but have muscle spasm in eye lid keeping me awake.
RT Gallardo gives up solo homers to Furcal and Pujols, strikes out two in the 1st. Not just today, but on August 11.
Hope you didn't missed our live streaming video of molecular drinks with our Sommelier and Mixologist
BRICK PIZZA NOW
I'm down..u thinking this Friday? Or next?
Excited for the to be in March 23-25!
Packing + Milton Nascimento = Beautiful near-death experience
L O L really? xD
The beds at the Waldorf-Astoria are fabulous. I brought the set home to Memphis 4 years ago and have enjoyed it ever since then!
Think I saw it at the bookseller's table. Gonna pick it up t'morro
We're on our way to Fukuoka, Japan.
I am so proud of and his work on !! Like I've been saying ALL season long,
That animal never reached the food supply & BSE (its official name) is not transferred into a cows milk supply. #Don'tFreakOut
one day… we won't be: Kate and Louis the bff's we'll be Mrs. Katherine Sykes and Mr. L.a. Swift the BFFs!! :')
Antes kicked in last level... FINALLY! I've been all over the place, down to 12k, up to 25. I'm around 23k on break going to 150/300!
#YouMightBeGhettoIf you dont come to the #BlacklightPartyOct22 with NAPALM in DALLAS
Bulls are trash without Rose lol. Sixers take homecourt advantage
What's n yo encouragement file? Instead of catchin yourself doing something wrong, get n a habit of catching yourself doing somethin right
It's embarrassing how much of a geek I can be. Lol. The first GB one I got was a gift. I'm searching online for the rest. :-)
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it. Pablo Picasso
just sent you some tracks
And you can still walk?
Have a safe and happy New Year! What are your resolutions for 2012?
Spread The word.....
Huh, I didn't realize that Halloween is Walter's last night on Washington. What does this portend for the Why? show on 11/7?
thks for letting me come hang out with some great Okc musicians tonight! Matt stansberry, Aaron squirrel and chase kirby RAWK!
Happy Mothers Day<3
I probably use it a couple of times a month and I actually find myself using it more so than Skype. I like the mobility
I'm a guy and I'm gay
Man the funniest ish happened today.
Well eating some Asian cafe. Just enjoying the snow not really
headache coming on so late .. :(
I RLY wanna go shopping!
You're like a hard candy with a surprise center.
Yes, I agree lol
You know... Thi Sort Hat kind of stuff
Its Gone Be Live At Push TONIGHT BAM In The Building - DAMN!!!
is covered in mnt dew now. thank you, taco bell, for making today suck even more.
it's ok to deny things I understand you guys haven't come out about it yet
Prom is TOMORROW ! I'm excited .😁
A close look at national GOP darling Marco Rubio later today at TPH.
yea I know you did & I figured as much since I was really hoping you don't dream of brad Pitt but I thought Id still answerXD
No, won't believe it.
.... And if their moms with them say " in 20 years, she won't give a shit!!"
The dads on 16 & Pregnant and Teen Mom are so unattractive and stupid. Seriously, what were these girls thinking.
The news of the More than this music video made my entire life.
I will keep you posted as to the truth of those rumors. :D
to be fair it's probably more exuberance than condescension. Still, one must resist the urge to footnote
& leading worship today at - Bellevue. Join us at 9 or 11 AM or at 5:30PM!
how is that different that any other day?
my favorite #AUSTREAM moment is whenever you start dancing :)
Can we just pretend the Midwest region doesn't count?
Great discussion in #ccom2000 about issues and crisis management this morning
RT : RT 25% of online consumers said they would try a competitor if the mobile website was not working vi…...
#Iwant Everyone to check out my artwork and become a fan please @ facebook.com/thewilliamjames
me too “: The #alatt house is going to have a great group of EPIC librarians for #ala12. I'm pretty stoked about it.”
#Badgers are trending!
research query giving me a good reason to immerse myself in the Reconstruction era accounts of the city fire department. Win.
I'm always.clapping...you know this...but god damn they suck at hitting.
I'm bout to give the baggage to my chick to carry... I can't do this shit no more
TY for mention! :)
"Each moment is a place you've never been." ~Mark Strand... Let the moment happen, let it be... let go of the sense that you "already know."
"New furniture, a flat-screen television, decorative light fixtures, interactive white boards,,," Must be real cushy on North Avenue.
S/O to 4 the great company last night & keeping the drinks flowing while I kept the music in rotation last night !
When people are sitting on a high horse it is over because their personality and attitudes are the turds the horse dumps out of its ass
Most people are all the same.
To achieve a work-life balance, you must plan your days ahead of time, so keep a planner. Stay flexible & be productive.
all good now. Thanks and keep up the good work
Praying for all the volunteers and also the speakers - Excited to watch some of the live stream the next couple of days
i want my mom to wake up and make me some food.
“Death is not the opposite of life. Life has no opposite. The opposite of death is birth. Life is eternal.” ~Eckhart Tolle
Accepting books all year round!! dont let books pile up at home, let us be your book"holders" !!
Very important for this one account to be able to do this. Integrating with display is better than current solution, I have
Gave myself a little food poisoning - in bed all day. Had a car accident last week. What's next? You know they come in threes.
Everyone should be tweeting about Kobe Bryant's effort right now, he is a BEAST!
RT The shortest distance between two people is a sweet smile
Q4: I train alone, or sometimes with my son(s). Part of the allure to cycling for me is enjoying the solitude.
Had really a good game ~
I've seen teenage girls that look like that who are scarier 😁
bobbing for ice!! Has he eaten any of your gear lately!? Lol
Happy Birthday <3.
:California Coast Credit Union: your best interest in mind! Join us today-everyday is Bank Transfer Day! www.calcoastcu.org
Orange Tags are now on sale! That means any media with an orange tag on it is 50% OFF! WOW-WEE! Come on in to STUFF!
U2 madness. Not going, but at campus for the party.
100+ People in line for taxis at the airport...#SXSW hasn't even started yet and I'm already over it.
BFA Review went well. The ADDY Awards are tonight! It's going to be a good
lol. So what's that mean?
Sen Kenley - unlawful meant a severe behavior warranting severe punishment
"With the 75th pick in the 2012 #NFLDraft, the Seattle Seahawks select … Russell Wilson, QB, Wisconsin.
Gotta love a bit of Take That :D
Yay I'm going to go see the lucky one tomorrow! Tell me if it's good or not! , WANNA SEE IT WITH ME? ;D
Hey, Hey, listen to your heart now. Hey, Hey, don't you feel the rush?.
COME TO CHICAGO
Never blame yourself for someone else's mistakes.
My prediction is that HealthCare will be declared unconstitutional 5-4, as if there was ever any doubt otherwise
Chocolate chip simas😍
but on that note, i'm out ✌nighty night
"Thousands of GENUISes live and die undiscovered - either by themselves or by others." ~ Mark Twain... Now go face a mirror... & RECOGNIZE.
TRUE!": #Scorpio gets irritated by stupidity."
I will live...but does it vibrate?!
Mayor Rahm, Make Chicago The Greenest City In The Country. That Will Bring the City Jobs!!!
Really beautiful artwork!
I'm probably not going to talk to anyone that I go to school with during summer... o;
No way dude. I ran down to Radio Shack to get as many CueCats as I could. I still have one in the drawer in my office.
When not a tech lawyer I am a real estate lawyer. Get to tromp around 2500 acre ranch today under sunny skies
If you could travel anywhere. Where would it be?
Think you might be doing it wrong if that is the case buddy. =) Sorry had to say it. Hope all is well. Enjoy the weekend. V/BTFU
#TRADhome same to u! Can't wait to meet next week!
just finished the first two hunger games books. Would have been my first choice for peeta. So stoked for Thursday night!
Wet dream Wednesday!!!!!(:
we've hit hour 2 of the Uverse install. I hope it's worth it.
Eh, wash the sake down with some nice collard greens. Wait, there's always BEER!
Staying in pj's all day. Getting hair braided for summer vaca. Reading all ur emails. Watched Gayle K. Show with Stedman. On at 4-6 on OWN.
Fantastic meeting you too! : SO great meeting with you ! Smarty Ladies meetup soon. :)
&& come out tonight! westside pie!!!! #wastedattire!
You are AWESOME. Have a super day. God bless you friend
there will be a day where you will tweet me back (;
also, in this case, RAID.
He does great work! ;-)
amber rose doing music...
Somebody UN-followed me
And one of those shutouts was pitched by the worst pitcher in the history of baseball... Jeff Fucking Suppan!
Besides I can save All my Chedda 4 an Ipad
Nashville today lots of drinking, wearing stupid hats,hitting every bar in town. some call it St. Paddy's day.. I call it Saturday!
hows the baby?
def over messaging u but I have an extra ticket to the bulls game sunday I assume ur prob working but if not its yours if u want
getting ready for the summer in Thailand! Want to learn about conservation? Get out there and see what's happening on the ground!
- nice. chat later then.
appreciate it!
lmao i feel you, on a hot ass day them shits go down.
When I hear your voice than I have butterflies in my stomach ! You have amazing singing skills! ♥ Keep going Ariana! <3
Seriously...stereo, double-tracked drums?? Jon Brion freaking out on vintage keyboards all over the place?? F.A.'s incredible soul?
#NorthCarolina Jesus could have condemned slavery. He might have done so.
Gordon of WKU says he hopes MKG goes on to win national title
This made me laugh out loud. Awe. Some.
it was so much fun. Loads of new contacts and great things coming in the future.
hahahaha just saw the nastiest thing ever!
I had so much fun last night!
It's really amazing how much LESS trash you have when u
Me too. I was a huge fan is his and his bad boy style. Hopefully it's not what defines his future!
I think a clear vision of what you want to accomplish is key as a social bz to then create a plan to present to investors/funders
Asm Block opening with ACR 4 to officially proclaim May 1-8 as CA Holocaust Memorial Week
Good luck to the CSU VB team in the tourney this weekend. GO RAMS!
thanks for mention!!
Love|Lockdown-Kw
Just used my parents' cable account to snag HBO GO (because Time Warner sucks). It could be a dangerous drain on my productivity.
RT : Remember when you had to choose whether or not to be friends with someone just one time? I want that back.
In other words, we use 1400 person hours on one day
Game 7.... Who's it going to be? The #Rangers or the #cardinals ????
funny - sort of thought fed would be US downfall... Diplomatic of him to bow out and leave it to Pico, eh?
Laali Aapki dost hai? Thts cool! But She is nt on FB. If She was, She would see wht effect Her show has had on You! :)
True & that is after they get the edu. Most of these fellas are highly educated.
": Never make choices when your mad."
man I feel like that a lot
Manufacturing of runs!
Nice to see Scutaro remember to put the tag on the would-be base stealer this time.
i love having friday's off!
did you do fredonia?
That's amazing! Jealous!
Ninjas living ratchet but acting like they got it on twitter!
see you guys are based out of Canada - let us know when you are ready to infiltrate the US via DMV area 410.513.9199
hey, pretty! I miss you!! We need to get together soon! Love you :)
Anything I can help test iPhone? My ID on the site is 'pl212'.
CC's not sharp so far, but effin' umpires, man. I can tell I'm gonna be yelling at the TV all night.
did you get my text? :)
#BuckeyeNation Let's go bucks!
I missed the show cause I was arguing with some boy I was dating. I have no clue what happened.
Why does dancing with the stars get me all worried and nervous, man :(
When's the last time the Brownies ever made a mistake on draft day?
#TheVoice "Bringing Opera Back" wow bold stuff HUh Opera Never Left just to get exploited to the masses in the US... SMH
Will be there": (100) days until countdown begins - kickoff event in Times Square today! #NYC #sportsbiz"
its been two years since "one time"happy anniversary baby♥
yikes. Someone was probably fired. Heads are rolling. :)
Mission Accomplished.
RT : If you can't make it to the show, you can donate a few bucks via PayPal to help out Timmy P at
I watch it every so often, but I might just actually start watching it even more. Thanks for the suggestion!
Bohemian love
ya no prob! it was seriously cool :D
Why everyone i call is eating are just ate chipotle
I know! It's funny how that worked out. You're on the west coast, and I'm midwest. Then you move midwest, and I go west coast.
Time for some shut eye. one is already shut.
I don't work for nothin.
Our very own is speaking today w/ some friends! Go get 'em girl!
Twiturm.com - F.O.E DA CLIQUE - DIS IS THE LIFE FROM THE UPCOMING MIXTAPE twiturm.com/i9uo5
Thanks, Ruth. Have fun with ur pops!
": Miss Teen International 2011, Jurnee Carr attended a special tour event featuring the cast of The Hunger Games..."
How's your weekend going so far?
good lookin on the shout out homie.
good luck brother. Take it down
I'll do anything to be happy.
I bet you're just as hot as Chris Evans though!
Well, today's gotten off to a weird start. Its not Wednesday, is it?
Once,twice it's ok, I'm ok if u still want to try to break my heart, I'm still in love with you.
I hate sleeping alone :(
The big homie @ #IBIZA was crankin last night!!! Even the other big homie came out!!!
Hope it's going well for you Jonathan.
Wale Got a lot of ways with words in the song "Sabotage"
Flag on the play, dude kicked other dude in the balls. 15 yards.
See the great in the new teaser! Watch! RT! Comment!
for the follow and support Robyn keep cheering for your favs and check out
damn! I had no idea..I would have been 1st on line had I known. ;-) Drinks soon PLEASE
Williamsburg, Brooklyn bike shadows...
what was up with the Mizzou branded shake weight on the draft set this morning?
hope is feeling better. ):
definitely blur!
disappointed by how much or how little?
When girls go off saying they're ugly af when clearly they're all pretty nshit.
Lol don't matter
oh...what he do so special...proactiv commercial
WE CAN TAKE OVER TWITTER! Retweet
#DiMasi tax returns admitted into evidence.
Tired watching
wow thats crazy
The O's Win. The Oriole's Win!
Wine & spa flow..this avenger need the RR
Ya that card from is rad.
#youknowyoughetto when u run an extension cord to ur neighbors apartment cause ur electricity got cut off!
thank you kindly sir
sleeping I hope...lol
you better have him get on that lol before someone else try
Happy happy joy joy, my Cavs won over the Heat!!
Well, that didnt go as expected.
BILLY WAS MAKING FUN OF TRS& CASEY SAID"how would you feel if someone insulted your favorite band? the wigges are pretty terrible"
felt like i was back in north carolina today! love this heat.
Just checked in at Heaven.
where u been
so the story ends, "Mrs. Graves charged that her husband deserted her in Los Angeles in August 1932, leaving her with 3 small children."
Ah!!!! My ears won't stop ringing :(
LOL- Yes, you are correct ;) Thanks Steve!
aww..made it to my dorm and now im in bed. tonight was AWESOME and I can't wait till tomorrow ;) happy first day of halloween college park!
when players are id'd then pressure on them to succeed & transition to #USWNT increases...
Notion has had a great year with site licenses at schools...including the entire Canadian city of Winnipeg. Go Jets!!!
Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.
Maybe we'll start filming sketches soon. Who knows. The world is crazy! -C
So sleepy
Now in bloom in Jack and Wise Counties: redbuds, peach trees, wild plums, daffodils, irises, and lilac.
I would say that you are the man!
This dude designs so good and he is (capital) H.O.T Sexy
RT : Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to.
Whoa. is officially 5'8 & I'm only 4'7 & can't grow anymore...I wonder what it will be like if we ever meet eachother
I kind of want to... Trying to validate spending the $$
WOW...I mean, WOW.
Do not overload extension cords, “power strips” and electrical outlets.
def serious I still love you thank you! It's like I'm all grow'ds up n junk.
I miss you too Kenn! We'll hang out soon. :)
your shot with about a min left was clutch. Keep it going!
what it do what it do
is at work in the studio of Estereo Latino 102.9!
yeah man that's crazy
I gotta go.. See you tomorrow :) Goodnight sweethearts.
Either you like bacon, or you're wrong.
Glad to see you're using our new Facebook registration & login tool! More Facebook features to come soon!!
Would you feel any better if he tweeted it from Opera Mini or iCab on iPhone? :-)
Casting male/female fighters/boxers that can act.. for up coming film
Awhhh no fair
Amazing amazing board meeting with my amazing amazing board! So excited at what's coming down the pipeline!
Spent all day promoting w/ for the reading Sept.27th Art Gallery in
that's right, alexandra. it's on. on like zaxxon!
Would love to hear more about that.
problems when too many cooks are involved in designing projects - questions of ownership, outcome THATcamp session 2
I agree!
saw a guy driving today... with racing gloves. it was a Nissan Altima.
Join us as we show support for and educate our community about heart disease in women
Get in there, Singhy. Shred them. RT : 80' SportingKC substitution: Shawn Singh on for Kevin Ellis.
Wtf yuh mean im broke , You need a whooping
I do not remember a time since I have been capable of loving books that I have not loved Shakespeare. ~ Helen Keller
cheer up dude! Let's FaceTime her later!
i dnt evn know she doesnt answer me imma txt u k
It's impossible to loose you because I never had you, although I'd be glad to.
Why don't I strap on my job helmet, squeeze down into a job cannon and fire off to Jobland, where jobs grow on jobbie jobs!
All these kids have a license to drive? B-town is effed up, yo.
I'm pumped to be up 3-0 on Pittsburgh but the Flyers of all teams should know about coming back from that
it's more to it than that. He made this shit personal..
Mavs and cowboys always seem to disappoint me
Sort of agree. There's a longer discussion there :)
In man, the things which are not measurable are more important than those which are measurable.
Jeez...how many commercials can you shove into one Walking Dead episode. This is ridiculous. How much money do these people need to make?
Back in production. Time for walkie ear again.
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
Do you think you have what it take to start a Nonprofit Org? We think you do! Register for Orientation to Starting a Nonprofit;May 3;$20.
My whole life had changed since you came in , I knew back then . . .
World Meningitis Day is coming to America on April 30. Angels will be in Colorado. Meningitis Kills, Get Vaccinated.
Minding your business creates less problems. If it doesn't concern you, it shouldn't involve you!!.
no matter what page I go to I get "Sorry! We did something wrong...." message. I've now tried 2 different computers and 3 browsers
Deb: Look for grant funding and grant-funded positions
Well at least you are not one of the hipsters, right?
Thank you for a great season #iubb Tell all the seniors thank you for all their work.
Did the #CinnamonChallenge today..... It was awesome!!!!
#TeaPartyII in just four days. here I come.
Advertising is the principal reason why the business man has come to inherit the earth. - James Randolph Adams
I downloaded the email client for my mac and iPhone ... I'll never look back! It's so elegant.
Happy hour with my #xocai. Yum
legendary karaoke freestyling
Austin your amazing and u r my world it would mean the world to me if you could follow plz and thank u
I'm hungry!! Time to go cook something:-)
Hey Eric, how are you? Thanks for the add. Hope you're well.
Hurry the fuck up and text me!! I miss you... ):
"iPads in the Science Classroom: What's Worked and What Hasn't" by is one of 60+ breakout sessions at
Dear Fr. Steven J. Kelly The new Photo's looks great, I look forward to bring you the final work sometime next week. God Bless H.Q.
Our Social Media Marketing prices and descriptions are now online, but don't forget, we also offer complete, customized #marketing mixes
I'm going to be hearing ringing for a long time after this. Boudreau actually challenged this fan base for not being loud?!
where in the world did you see Darren's penis, though?
that was , THE BEST<3 I almost peed myself . Lmaoo and then ms. Zinty(;
Jeeze you sure do know how to make my whole day :)
Are you in the Medical Industry? Have a patient who suffers from alzheimer's disease? The MT90 Personal Trackers is your solution.
Mentioning The Hunger Games results in Twitter "job offers" and links to "one night stand" sites. I guess reading=unemployed sexless loser
- It's A New Day
Come check out Scarlot and the Harlots tonight w Dave Hammer's Power Supply and Antelur. Stone Tavern in Kent, OH.
Yep, I'm a confident guy though so I'll be good no matter what
#MoreFemalesShould Learn to depend on themselves not anyone else.
I'm not gonna be ashamed of singing that song in my car with the windows down
Studio tomorrow!!!
"Cute as a button" Is that supposed to be a compliment? Since when are buttons cute?
follow back? :) xo imma big fan of
thanks for the follow... Following back immediately!!!
Ugh! Still haven't gotten mileys album. Cant you take a hint mom?
so glad you made it to Detroit...you're a sick man and I love it!
enjoys peeps in all stages of staleness.
Yes, it is very big!
un i wish i could go on a tour hope u follow and maybe reply?
shout out please!!???(;
I vote yes.
"ima fish." "Me>You"
ginger spice, ginger spice. hustle hard since fisher price. you offer up a couple lines, I just hit the swisher twice.
An early lunch and working at after three days off. Feels a bit odd, but tweeting with about was an adequate substitute.
#WeAllNeed god in our lives<3
it could be worse!
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
Drinking a barrel aged gonzo - super delicious brew.
tragic loss but note the reference to #digitization as tool in ensuring content isn't lost
lol ... too damn funny.
Woman's head got stuck in door of Shady Grove Metro. Passengers forced door open to save her.
Anybody ever hear of The Venus Project? Wonderful ideas, hope for the future, fabulous technology-www.thevenusproject.com
Yes baby!
This conversation about the merits of twitter is underwhelming.
If history is doomed to repeat itself. I want a dinosaur.
Toxic house plants poison more children than household chemicals. #odd facts
Steroids. Clearly. RT big hands ... Big head?
Biking with a cigar?
Have a Great Day Too Barbie! xo
Found my new obsession THE Xx
dope show! MTV need to give yall a FULL HOUR! Get the new contract out, renegotiate! LOL
A great end to 2011 (otherwise a rough freaking year): happy and excited to be the new Sunday Editor at !
Life Is Good! Thank You All! Lets Try To Get To 100 Likes So Share My Page With Your Friends! Thanks Again!
Yo, here's some you'd like - and
Because I am righteous, I will see you, O Lord. When I awake, I will see you face to face and be satisfied. (Psalm 17:15 NLT)
Good morning! It's time to get busy, the day is at it's Peak! How is your day going? I hope you have a Wonderful day! :)
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that no-one sees or appreciates before you accomplish anything worth it.
great advice!
you should follow bringing up U.S. Debt made me a RACIST.
yea you?
WORD!!! Hope you stay this time :-) RT hehehehe iv joined the 21st century lol
I don't get why Obama would come to FAU.
Word then looks we're gonna have a motion filled video on Saturday!!! Looking forward to it
are you sure? I thought it was but she walked right past Dogtown...
Today's international kissing day... WHERE ARE YOU? lol
Happy Happy Birthday Love Ya Hope Its The Best!!!!!
:) RT Thanks to for hosting the brewing basics class night. Spent half the time daydreaming about recipes.
Today about three or four people asked me "Did it hurt?" Go die.
Hilarious! Reminds me of that Seinfeld episode where Newman flirts with the farmers daughter!
FREE LUNCH!!!! Mexican deliciamose!!!!
my heart jumped
You have a girlfriend.....but youre just so freaking hot. Why. #uglygirlprobz lmao.
Did you know that you can check out cool TV series from College Library including "Breaking Bad," "True Blood," and more?...
Awww :( my crush "Chris Brent" just hung up on me:'(
RT : A little scary how much this game resembles the first 30 minutes of last week's UND-#Gophers match-up
Glad the weather cooperated this morn for all my peeps doing the Y-Me breast cancer walk
Sitting in this boring barber shop
Good job and my
Thanks bud! We all knew she secretly loved me! RT : I still cant believe proposed to Congrats you two!
Loving the cool (70) and rainy in Austin weather today, fearful of the summer assault just around the corner - last year was brutal
I've been trying 2 empower women & myself & I forgot we also have to empower our spouses! How can we do that? #LoveLanguages. Ck out my site
Oh, don't know it but cool haha
Getting ready for a busy day. M-F 8:30a-11a our doors are open to serve the #hungry and #homeless of #CoHi #DC. See some1 in need? Tell them
I hate when bands have pretty merch but make terrible music.
It had been 16 years since I last saw Bush. They only got better. Place was sold out.
y? I bet it's better than mine
It's called Race For The Cure week & switching over to GSelector week.
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #8 The Power of Productivity - this is a relentless pursuit of achieving more by controlling your schedule
Playing all day and forgetting to put sunscreen on.
: startups in reality go from failure to failure. Failure is a natural part of the learning process in a startup. Learn how to fail.
Home from work to see they showing Saving the last dance
#FF writers who rock!
idk who that is but I'm guessing the guy playing spiderman haha. I will steal him from you jk my man is Captain America (;
Today was exhausting. So glad it's over, but not looking forward to studying for my final tomorrow! Thank jebus it's my last one!!
If Kane has good trade value then the Hawks should strongly consider it. Too small. Not enough production.
I'm just seeing this. Great photo!
you are horrible maybe u shoud stop trying to stoke flames and learn how to be an unbiast reporter!
Everyone in Bridesmaids was off the charts funny but McCarthy gurl you SMASHED it!!! wish I could find you on Twitter!!
thanks a lot!
How was it? what did you have?!?
Amazing how challenging has made sharing Picasa photos without G+ participation #coercion ?
They'll both require daily blow drying and flat irons...
If they wanna get it in tell em im ready to go
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet & on their FB page to comment.
Love that you love Benjamint Crunch Bars from ! Have you tried our cookies yet?
Only one week til #bloodybrunch & #mkeholidaytu! See ya next Sunday at to benefit Toys for Tots & ! :)
I hate shady people..
Y dont I ever learn no matter how nice she is to me to start she will always ask for money & not talk to me till she needs more
do me do me. i wanna look as pretty as I feel
I chilled with them after a show and we talked and told them next time they come to town if they need anything let me know
What would you be studying? If you like the school then you should go. Vancouver has a great rep for filmmaking.
I'd help you if I could dude, but so far it's just the one. Let me know if you're making it out that night though
we would do this on our regular packages, but not our special offerings. I think this is also normal for any industry
I'm on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen. It's not available. If you try it once, you will die.
So many sagittarians and capricorns in my life. Blessings to us!
You Welcome.
That does sound like a pretty good tip
Paratroopers landing in DKR carrying the American, Texas, POW/MIA, and Longhorn flags and the game ball = awesome!
Called the Gossip Girl ending a few weeks back. Immensely proud of myself.
The ACT had a bunch of questions about the difference between there, their and they're. Half the people on the internet would have failed.
stray from boston, , just not jean claude.
#MATTWEITERS. THE Best catcher in basball, bar-none! O's Fans...."STRONG"! Were almost there baby!
Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much. But at least I won't give up until I've tried, and I won't regret anything.”
What's there to do in WM? Nothing? Okay... 😔
WOW, this has been a long day. But I guess any day with a closing is a good one.
so many ideas!!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo to my favorite Mexican!
Pollo tropical went down
I didn't :) at Least it doesn't show that I did
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to ME!
Come on Timbers!
Does not feel like Thursday -_-
what about them
Ugh weezy behind me needs to stop breathing or lose weight
. Blake Shelton is very handsome. u have great taste so I'm following u!
#INDABA2012 is at the #Durban ICC; weather is beautiful rt now as well. :)
Today is Pride's first show since 2008! Hope to see you at Campbell County! Peace!
umw did it in one fell swoop. Canvas admin can be found at She can tell our story of Instructure success.
"Words have to be crafted, not sprayed. They need to be fitted together with infinite care." - Norman Cousins
man that to much! Haha
oh joy take pics
I only do what I can...little by little we will get this thing figured out
I dont have to feel like that. So I won't "" from that song anymore. Lol. Maybe next it'll be from The Layover or the New Album.
Oh hell no - Titans TD but not Jimmy Graham?
I watched it, when he started swearing and yelling about badge numbers, things didn't go well for him...
Are you a "morning only" coffee drinker or "I'll drink coffee whenever I can!"
Time to buy the new books for the new term college is so good dam expensive
RT “: Hey everyone, fill your gas tank when it's half empty and enjoy the illusion that you're spending less on gas”
indeed x 2.
u are followed
pulling out all my weird election day superstitious rituals, praying wins tonight at the awards. big love, chef
Devils&#39; penalty-killing is much improved against Flyers
I like food<3
I know. I could always sneak out tho ( :
I'm so happy to have met
I'm going to get in your face about water today. I'll just tell you now.
- This Bitch Said Come Smoke Some . . Hoe Know Ion Smoke .
I might as well have stayed awake all night. Pretty sure I woke up every 2 hours...
Besides you..
Little girl on street showed me her painting.I said-VERY NICE! Her mom was shocked-her other daughter was holding up her skirt &no underwear
You cant force the gospel , if people dont want it , then they dont . Cruel reality..
Up and dressed and off to church, then brunch, then grocery shopping.
RT Confessions is penciled in for some show dates! Dates, time, and location will be announced very soon!
Supreme hat, buttoned flannel, tiny plugs. Lemme guess you like bitches and rap music?
Just picked up some awesome accessories & met some nice folks Thanks for organizing it, !
RT : Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. -George S. Patton. , Excellent motivator!
I know… Im devastated… ugh!!!
Firebug should integrate a high quality color picker. I leave Photoshop open all day just so I can pop in and grab hex values.
Having some fun in the fashion district with :)
America remains in mourning for Meow, once its fattest cat. He loved to be brushed. He loved to be brushed. He also enjoyed tuna.
Preview of Gwyneth Paltrow’s Return to "Glee" Includes Full Performance of "Do You Wanna Touch Me"
that's typical laker fans right there lol im sitting next to one. I'm biting my tongue that's why I'm ventin to you haha
Congrats win at NYY! See ya Sat. 4/9 at home.
I HATE living with slobs! Get your shit together people!!!-@!/!!/
Cant wait to see him!!!
Don't buy goat meat ;) RT : Went to the farmers market and bought goat meat......any suggestions?
and flattery gets even better answers ;) ... srsly, tho. Thanks :) ... the database is a bit inside ball, but a powerful tool
we are here and starting to pour... come on in to THE CASK and try some great wines !!!
Badgers stun buckeyes in Columbus. Great big ten battle
You know ppl are talking about sonic too damn much when your mother let's you know. "Yah that's totez the 1st time I've heard that today"
So true! RT : A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it. Bob Hope
Awesome-- it looks like he's collaborated with Meng too.. (who is awesome)
Studio Paris here we come! Studio Session begins now! ChiIL Productions at the door!
lol i hate my life. isnt that awesome.
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
It's Life. Lol
What is the greater good of non-profits if they continue to help the same people every year?
am I seeing you tomorrow? Say yes or we fight.
Down to 5. is there enough time for Kansas?
So the Whole Foods in Mt. Washington has these things called "chocolate chewies" in the bakery section...
last one was true!
Satan was defeated 2,000 years ago when Christ was raised from the dead let's claim that victory in boldness the battle is already won!
Baseball senior night is tonight. I will do my best to pronounce all names currently.
Thanks for the ToTD.
is it actually cold in AZ?? How was BP?
Wanna see me draw terrible pics & try to guess them? My username on Draw Something is DamonDylan Play if you dare
There is though.
isnt that cool? I wanted to do something like that at one point. very well done.
Huntsman: Political parties die out because they lose momentum
We are so happy to have you!
Use promo code STEAK for a 60 percent discount on gift certificates Good for locations all over the city
I'll be taste testing a few of those Yard House taps this weekend. We can see the place from our condo; new hangout maybe.
hey! Met you last night ! Would love to DM you some more info about the benefit (:
Thank you for the invite. I find it kind of interesting. More cool than Facebook, but not quite as useful.
#FF Funny and always interesting, a great follow. And so far, the ONLY Two-Time
follow because I love her music and because I said so ;-)
Joyeux anniversaire, ! You don't look a day over 215.
"To see your future tomorrow, look at your friends today!"
do u choose the 'featured' name or is it auto-selected?
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success. -Henry Ford
I really liked it, thought it was very well done.
Happy Birthday !!!!!!
#Codeforoakland attendee: "Make sure that we connect to established infrastructure/networks in Oakland. There's already a lot here."
Thanks, Gonna be a long one! Studying for an exam!
"We are stupid with twizzlers, that's the candy of romance if you didn't know"
I don't have time for this.
it will be out on august 20th at kellieluvella.tv !!!!
!@#$%^&*(*&^%$#@! the universe hates me because I still have an old man's cough -___-
it's just improper to call another human old. Never ask a lady her age and please understand Betty is a broadway star.
$ROVI to report to day after hours? No action so far.
“: No Doubt is going to release a new album?! Middle-school-me is doing a happy dance.” aren't they a lesbian??
winning bin laden tweet goes to
Thanks for the shouts you two!
It was revealed by an MRI, and It will be treated non-surgically.
Lmao, I have zero respect for you ✋
you'd be surprised
Last day of classes! #woo! :)
On Feb. 18 @ 1pm in the Lilly Auditorium, come and listen to Anthropology prof. Paul Mullins discuss IUPUI: The Creation of an Urban Univ.
Word. Btk 2009. Everybody get some sleep.
Very happy.
get like me ok ;)
There's a reason why I keep to myself.
#Shoutout to ! Thanks for the follow!
I pray everynight to move there so I can dance at icon!! ):
Myspace has less than 20 million users, bought for $580 million in 2005, can't even sell it for $100 mil. Facebk has over 700 mil people
Gave last quiz today. Certainly won't be doing THAT in my next 3 semesters.
RT : A random act of kindness goes a long way. Watch for the ripples.
We are cast! Rehearsals begin this weekend..Let the games begin!!!
College boys:) maybe ill find the one
Go F Yourself Chicago, sweep em Crew
Clippers and Grizzlies might not be champ level teams, but they sure are playing some exciting ball.
if I were u I would hate me too! wanna hug MOFO? aight then!
We are interested
My fav person is back!! *bust 2 shots in air*
It's a matter of preference. The tech's way better, and is utilized much differently. Either way, looks awesome.
CLUTCH is here to give you an experience that will have you coming back for more :)
uhmmm,you know,twitter have lotsaa quote boy quote girl quote page kinda thing and he's just one of them? Lol
Conviction- standing for what's right even when others don't. Teaching kids that this AM.
OMFG!! I've been trying since 5:00 P.M. to get those V.I.P. tickets....sadly , I have no luck :'(
Solid day on the baseball diamond
Happy Holidays! I have been neglecting my Tweeps bad this season... But I'm back! Anyone have big plans for New Years?
my old fallout 3 disc saves work on game of the year edition on steam
Watching the blind side!
they're apparently not accepting any more cell phones according to the link.
Order sent to Jennifer in WI!
the sun spit morning in my face :-]
my dad knew a guy from radio disney!
Wotste couple of the week goes to
It came from Dog The Hawaiian bounty hunter from Colorado
Why am I at work?!
lmfaoo. i seriously didnt even think of that.
i scream you scream we all scream we all scream for icecream
“: Uh oh. The guy I was thinking about fucking had a really funny set tonight. #chucklefucker” Potluck Pussy
Can we go home now
Thanks for retweeting about our avaiable graduate assistantship. Hope you will apply.
There are some songs you just want to hear today...doesn't seem right without them...lol...: )
Emily? I mean Emilie? Em-uh-lee! Ok ok! Emilee! Love the spelling! :)
WTF is up w in a tv ad looking like a #BollyWood Indian. Do you think it was a racist statement? USA NEWS
always nice to wake up and know what the weather will be like. Thanks
THE Lakers losing!
If you,come to my mama house no matter who u is u gone laugh lbs they be tweaking#they crazy
Just witnessed eat two donut holes whole. Awkward.
ComedyChicago ~ He Gained Nearly 2 Inches
Seen at texas road house .
Lets go Watt
I like how Buck Showalter says Jim Johnson will pitch the ninth inning and Troy Patton comes out. Guess he didn't mean today's ninth inning
I'm halfway through the 4 hour lay-over. And I've already explored the entire airport.
Thanks! it was quite production
please follow me!! It would make my day!
Nicola Batum went through shoot-around. Game time decision with sore quad.
Very possible. You? Who are you excited to see?? RT: Makin a presence both weekends?
and you aren't funny.
yep I'm gone be really tanned!!
No problem! :)
Another gorgeous day in America's Finest City! What's your family doing this weekend to enjoy our San Diego sunshine?
Niggas be straight making Adidas track suits look weak as fuck ....
★ is everyone loving this beautiful #Cleveland fall morning!?!? ★
oh man, that sounds tempting but I'm really tired - I did get the Eddie Money trivia answer right (Ronnie Spector) after the race;)
About to go to river riot alone unless someone wants to join me!
I'm feeling the need for a dubstep concert.
it wasnt bad it was weird tho bc it was crunchy ice cream it freaked me out lol
love that you have used oxi clean #parenting! I would frequently forget deodorant
I had to hit him; he said his Nanny cld beat up my Nanny. What's a Nanny? Buffy
Why can't she just be here
Ok, I'll ckeck them out too. Excellent.
ooohh...darn I missed it! My family is from Staffordshire England!!
TA would whoop his ass so would ZBO
Didn't have time for a shower so this SF rain will have to do.
So excited for you and Liam to be reunited! Of course not as excited as you are, but yano :) x
“: Think it's safe to say the #Devils just advanced! Yes!” RT I had no doubt in my mind! The lone good news of the day.
Listening to Kendrick all day today
i know but call my phone or txt me tho its 612-275-7120
Check out Mr.D's tips of the day and become a fan on facebook. Great tips and ideas for project around your home.
"The Difference Between Medicine and Poison is in the Dose"
Mel Kiper doesn't know shit. I miss Joe Theismann telling him he sucks.
Hey I just addressed mailing envelopes like you
Executive Office Furniture: Alera Fraze Executive High-Back Swivel ...
The only stupid question is the one that is not asked.
okay love. :) gooodnightttt gorgeous ! (:
Follow me on Instagram I'll follow back automatically...
Volleyball tournament. FML
"Guys, we're home!" *blue lights*
Thanks for the RT!
if I sleep next class it won't take as long(:
You bet, lady. I need to get involved and contribute! My uncle is the Sr. Interface designer on #D3, I can interview him!
This. RT : Happy 2 yr anniversary to - best 2 years I could ask for. Love you!
RT : #directionsnv2011 we're borrowing from the future. Same ol', same ol'. This is not the way to fix NV
Think I'll go to bed and fake sleep. Probably have to fake productivity tomorrow.
No doubt... Mother Nature can be biotch that way :)
I thought I was the only one who felt that way.. lol
RT : I was the 1st. born inUS of my family & I may get to meet #TopBlogueras Imagínate!Thanks to
The comm dept. cannot get organized if our life depended on it
Still giving out free dick I see lol RT : Um alright I guess “: somebody needs to rub they dick on me”
Always a good day to play the Astros
It pops up on occasion. (I answered her call in class around day 8.) Moral: don't forget to call - and avoid Verizon.
I'm sure you did well. Now you can relax a bit!
sorry about your loss man. i'll send a prayer up for you
Note to self: Add Beatles Anthology 3 to iTunes Match & Anyone know the licensing fee AMC paid for "Tomorrow Never Knows" on Mad Men?
Thanks Luke. Planning a trip home in June. Plan on mtg with Twins! #triplewhitereunion?
La La
our developers are working on this issue. Be assured that if you entered your team we have it in our database. Update soon
it flies by!
oh lol I was reading ya post on my tl & was like ok someone need a hug or a kiss yo lml
thinking about dinner? try on n western
And the second game of the doubleheader was 22-0?
Thanks . I hope you are having a wonderful Saturday!
I think you are forgetting Santa baby
so yeah. Back to our convo, this summer i'm going to start running, get ready for volleyball
YEAH.... Except oh wait. They changed their minds and are back on. Yay! They're tugging on my sanity strings.
Be careful running in the rain at this time. Dress in layers and stay safe!
your killing me Petey!
Check out our FREE Crown moulding offer @ www.mrdspainting.com Call a contractor you can trust. "We Love to Paint" and much much more !
If u r John Stockton & your son shoots an air ball FT is that grounds for punishment?
RE: Hippodrome. I only ever see the occasional notice for rush tickets (not every show). Possible opening comps. Msg me.
We pride ourselves in our ability to create nonsense. Bring it on good friends, our kegs our inconfiscatable!
With a win, NYY tied the series with DET at 2-2. Final, elimination game will be on Thursday, October 6th.
What I learned in school today: when you put an iPad in the hands of teachers & students amazing things happen.
Running time ! #round 2
Just one of those days
Impractical jokers >>>
wait for the good karma to roll in!
Thanks for following, Kacey!
mussel 😂 not gonna lie didn't get it at first hehe
probably just hit up Uc
Hey guys! Haven't tweeted in a while, go follow and check out their music!
It's slaughter day! Wish me luck!! PS, it's just a pig, don't worry. I like bacon.
Diane Reeves - "Do Nothin' Till You Hear From Me"...yup yup
I don't believe I didn't notice it until yesterday!!! I've been here six years, and in this building for nearly four.
Yeah, but when will the heart be released?
A weird brainstorm- was looking for one for my dad for b-day, there were none, had an "aha" moment. Just launched last month
No problem! Hope you had a great one!
I mean I have been watching these chicks from the beginning and she has really changed
The show is almost over...get into the fold now!
Love the Warrior Dash Mud Run promo coming up in June at Poconos!!
sorry my team had to ball on y'all today
All right, finally... The Avengers tonight!! Happy weekend everybody!
I could care less who wins the Stanley Cup. I'm just glad it's not gonna be the
awe!! that's awesome. you rock!
Bill Benjamin is back with us! EQ is essential to success in business, whether our own or our employees. Tune in now to hear more!
Good Morning and Happy Thanksgiving I hope you have a wonderful day!!!<3;D
you should marry Rusty. Just saying.. Lol
oak alcohol additives, it all tastes the same - welcome to the golden state
Today is the beginning of a new chapter. We are excited and can not wait to share this music with you all. May God be glorified!
9-6. So glad i didnt watch the game
if there was a SantaClaus I'm pretty sure you'd smash him too lol
same ole same ole--good to see u here
Friday $4 Sake Night at Teak!!! AND Check out this out....... ~MIXAHOLICS ANNONYMOUS~ -A collective mix of DJ mixings of electronic music..
niaaaaa im looking at camping places and such! :) we need to talk about our plans!
I can't stand supa judgemental ass ppl everybody can't b u! Respect a persons individuality!!!!
I feel like you dont like Twitter that much lol
#darkcircles under my eyes, #exhausted & #sore I'm thinking today may be my rest day from working out.
now I have to find something productive to do. just my luck.
Bogost: "The mere existence of Wisconsin-style frozen custard should, in itself, be enough to get us to stop reading a book."
I thought you knew that... Oh wait. Maybe it's Pete. Pete knew. LoL. And Jerm.
Hockey is an acquired taste. You really kinda have to grow up with it to appreciate it. Has a rich/storied history like baseball.
Preparing a beautiful trip across the peruvian high jungle
The freedom I feel when I leave work is absolutely amazing.
Don't forget is releasing "Like I Do" at 1PM at www.facebook.com/goodluckjane !! Please RT!!
Somehow #AsiaTrinity Tour scored dinner w/ Mayor of Tainan. Thanks to TU friends for making this prestigious appt. possible.
THE SHORTEST MATCH IN DANIEL BRYAN'S CAREER!!!
I see that you just added my page! Do you mean a personal facebook account or a Get In My Hood account?
I'm mad I can't watch this fight
I hate the feeling of a full stomach, why did i eat so much?, i probably just gained like 546688 pounds!
Found you twitter way... you folowd someone, n I followed you :) Checked out your creativesage.com, what you do basically?
lol but yo mama and brother love it lmbo....trick what u look like
I Made A Fiye Ass Dinner Today. It Was Da Bomb !
Their account is funny. So I guess I will root for them.
You know, I've had that 'borrow money' conversation with my parents. I could pay them half the rate I pay on student loans... (1/2)
I swear, I can be having the shittiest day or feel the worst I've ever felt, and when I see Noah talk and smile, he makes my whole day <3
will you ever do a song with ?
yes, see you there? I'm working Playaway booth and competing(?) in BCDT.
I like Mondays now. I'm old enough to embrace them with humility and awe. Like a sunrise I'm just grateful for 1 more chance..Carpe Diem.
Who likes cheesecake?
do you have a tumblr?
That's awesome! \m/
is wondering, "where my bitches at?" The internet is a lonely place when you're the only one on it!
(: Feeling extra happy
At the company xmas party at the natural history museum.
What the hell should I cook for dinner??
if I make it to 7th it'll be an act of god.
My grandmas cookin >>>>
What was the web award for?
Teleworking tip of the day: use to find your teleworking position & use Visimeet (discounted with membership) to stay connected.
thanks Sequoia, I have submitted my stellar CL and resume through - looking forward to hearing from you!
Thinking about Hosting a Group party? Check out these amazing Photos from our Recent Baby Shower Celebration!
s'ite mate :)
Catching up on Mad Men.,.Obsessed! Like The Wire obsession. Last episode I saw Don strangle a women 2 death, now fist fights in the office!
ahahaha love it!!!!
That's my chicken noodle soup y! RT : I'm performing at the #AMAA Nomination Party tonight! Wooohooo!! *dancing*
Avengers for the second time 👍
how's jsps look?
Homework on a bus with wifi
actually two lol
there now you can stop bitching bout not seeing me cuz I'll have my car and drive my ass to come see you lol
I reported on the National Council conference--#TNC10--and a coworker said I had laid out the case for why we're headed for socialism. Huh?
Well this one is over
hump day ladies make it count
I don't think she knew what it was. it was disappointing.
Judge says unfair insight is "troublesome" but rules defense witness will be able to testify "in part".
pulling for Lovey! At least it looks like Chicago showed up at this point
Getting mentally prepared for tomorrow myself.
A night to myself, Portillo's Poppyseed Fruit with Chicken Salad, lovely poppyseed muffin on the side, yummy dinner.
where did you have dinner?
GREAT point. so well-put.
We created 123GoTV as a unique method for kids to keep moving while watching TV. Kids pedal and the TV plays
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com David & Melina Montelongo! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
Offer accepted! Let's just hope FHA doesn't screw this up[ with the appraisal!
HELLO prom weekend!
Nublu 10 Years is approaching!!! We will announce the June festivities soon!
Would It Be Awesome If I Made A Lyrics Video For Your Song "Even If It Kills Me" I'm Guessing It Would ;)
: Believes region needs to work together to solve issue. Esp. chronic
Your that boy in my dreams<3
I might check with departments on that. Some are more transparent than others.
Party all day, party all night !
Shit I do for friends... jump over desks put paper in the teachers face to block their view... smh
Cummings: "Taxpayers deserve to know how their money is being spent." #DATA Act
David Hume~ Art may make a suit of clothes but nature must produce a man.
Thanks again for your support of Beema! Enjoy www.beema.com, where our clients are #1!
I need to get a better phone greeting. "Who's jockin'?" is so 1995.
Because of my cuz & I have memories to last a lifetime.
Shark sightings yesterday at Tiburon. What a great tournament he has put on here for fans of all ages. Final round today
sleeping at night just isn't for me
Kickoff time suckas...good luck to whoever. Go Trojans!
Hey guys can you please follow me and i promise i will follow back ? <3
I've just had a call from the left side of a patron's brain. Not the right, only the left.
A light is on at the Marino's house. Shoot, I was going to break in and steal stuff.
So what happens when #SCOTUS overturns Obamacare and the big for profit Healthcare Corps come looking for their Obamacare subsidies?
nope have you ?
you are welcome thanks for the follow back
We vote for #Vegas! :)
It looks very cool. I need to check it out.
C B. 4ever and ever
if you can convince bibi to ask for it I totally will haha
God is on the move on the Eastside
I don't just do mixtape covers, I do all marketing materials. Done work for companies like Caleb Bret to Hyundai.
Staring problems.
We're actually pleased with the development. Just trying to improve. Snark not needed.
I absolutely hate when people ask for attention, just stfu
#USWNT - Pia is right... Can't explain missing the penalty kicks. Small difference between winning and losing.
Thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for the love. The pirate love. Arrrrr.
I love me some #TLM but and I'm stoked to be on the metro tonight.
VERY peaceful :) back on the road with my homie tomorrow!! Off I the ATL!!
it's not looking good for me, then. Hopefully I'm just a supporting player.
ME: "OMG I have to tell you this story about-" *starts laughing* *deep breath* "Ok there was this-" *starts laughing*
I know it was the blood for me. It was my savior's blood.
My fingertips are too big to pretend I am a witch while eating Bugles. Is this growing-up?
If Seager is available in your ESPN then grab him
I'm sry girl): stay strong! Here if you need to talk! ~Sophie
That's not a dastardly drink. Go for the Kentucky Ale.
#mythoughtsduringschool ... plz no pop quizzes today
RT Today's women's basketball is changing because they have changed pace of the game & yes high school needs a shot clock ....
ohh. Did you have like spring break yet?
One of my good friends in Madison just saw Avengers and says it was better than Iron Man, on par w/ Batman Begins.
HE LOVES ME!
#GoTribe anyone wanna go to the tribe game tomorrow with me and everyones favorite dad chad?
Well, you just totally made my evening by the mention of my Tweet on air w/ Such fun! Thanks so much!
Love those panda feet!
'Impotent' Steven Limpy
GET ONE!
