Good Friday Hungry HooLAgans!
after the water towers. LOL
Dear #FILive attendees: I've made a list of all our speakers for easy follow. See my profile to grab it.
RT : Sveum says he Theo & Jed will check options for Volstad's rotation spot. Coleman possible. TWood `logical choice.' Wood P'd Thu
De nada! TY, U2! Easter is my co-favorite holiday along w/Christmas!!! ;) RT : Thanks Christina! You too & a Happy Easter :)
Yeah, this will definitely keep the bad guys away.
Hey Brian, didn't know about the surgery, sending all the good vibes...let us know how you are doing.
End of one period of play in Minneapolis. #Badgers hold a 1-0 lead over Minnesota thanks to a goal from Tyler Barnes.
upcoming Sat and I'll actually be in BK. You around? Meet me for a round.
When on the verge of something great interference always rears its ugly head. Know that it has been allowed for YOU to overcome it!
I hate when someone calls my name 20 times, then when I finally reply they say "NEVERMIND", bitch you better tell me....
Go to the store, find 50 things you want, leave with nothing.
Why isn't updating us on anything yet this is bout to be the second day in a row........... are you guys okay????
Big flakes are falling outside the windows of Harman Hall but we're nice & cozy inside for Session 4 of
about to work out, and when i say work out mean playing the michael jackson experience game on the wii. that shit is workout
Why get mad at yourself when there's a whole line of people to do the job for you ;)
this is a dream...it has to be...
Rawfulling so hard at the new south park! Cartman singing "I Swear" C a n t B r e a t h e !
GO GET THAT WIN...HEAD UP!!!
#waystomakemehappy be your self and don't judge people
phone dead and if dont bring me my charger in about 10 mins im gone be on his ass...
Nix looks like he is 40....
Is it March yet?
Why is it that everytime i go on twitter, #monsters are tearing people apart?
Brubeck Institute Jazz Quintet ticket giveaway today at 3pm @ Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
#Tonight will include #work and #recharging. Oxymoron? Perhaps.
Anything from Dancing Girl rocks! For sure! I can't wait to add to this list! Be sure to let us know when you find one that rocks
I'm sure Bradshaw has one stashed away somewhere with a special pocket sewn in for the flask!
Fully support Glad I didn't pay the hundreds of dollars for the Lollapalooza ticket.
I need to give my teacher this apple in hopes of him looking out for me with some lenient scoring on my math quiz tonight
“I gotta die with money cuz i wasn’t born with it” ~Lil Wayne
Dear Twitter, Make it an option to be able to have long tweets once every week. Thank you, New User
its barely monday....
welcome home!
Its T-Shirt Tuesday #Baltimore -Get a Sonic Tshirt for $3 w/purchase. Ask 4 it when ordering-While quantities last-Order from patio/stall.
The Mandrell sisters are still around but they perform separately mostly. Branson, Vegas...Barbara may be retired. Still in Nash.
Oh - so Iceland was a stopover. What part of Paris you in, and do you think you will go into a FNAC?
Members: Putting together a newsletter for consumers. To be included, please post your news or events to our website by noon Monday.
Haha me neither. I wonder if it's like the Stefon skit where they don't know what the lines are until they are doing the skit.
Thanks bro...and welcome to twitter RT : Happy Birthday to my bro, Here's to many more.
RT : That's smog-eating tiles, folks! says 2K sq ft home eats nitrogen oxides equiv to 11K driving miles...
#BCSBlockParty ALL WEEKEND & another #BCSFREEticket giveaway Sunday in #NOLA I can't wait! It's gonna get CRAZY!
Never wanted to truly leave #bestvacationever :/
In the session: Using Tech to Deliver Just In Time Training and Resources
I love how we have no problem throwing money at big-name free agents like Crawford and Lackey..But don't do the same for guys like Pap..
I dunno, don't tend to use that. Can I buy it from there?
You might need to buy a drink at the foodtruck today. It's warm! 76° now and we're headed to the 80s.
you shall never know the answer because when one does "ball so hard" nobody can find them!
If pass protection | Can hold up like it is now | We'll score forty plus | (But will it be enough?)
I got the tacos and burritos on deck!
I'm thinking Tottenham... I already like the Spurs (San Antonio)
I've never tried it, it looks nasty.
oh my bad bro lol but go ball at the sal
yes I did ! don't play me
These are spot on. So good. Thanks for sharing! ^LG
i think you typed where to register but I don't see that - can you say it
those last two, I would hardly call men.
your the pen and im the paper. lets connect.
Protect her, kiss her, fight for her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall for you if that's not what u want.
Thanks Destinee. Good to hear from you
Looking forward to the open house tomorrow
RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
God bless Austin Ridge Bible Church for providing the Homeless Coach a temporary safe haven :-)
What happened last night? Was pulling for you but looked like nothing would fall in the 2nd half...
#weebly Never mind... This is what happens when reports are floating around about reliability problems in the cloud...
At work a little early today and what a change of weather we have here 
Spread love it's the Brooklyn way
Hunting for studio space in Baltimore.
HAHA it wouldnt be any without YA MA....
RT "The last thing I want with my chicken are waffles." i'm sorry your life is so dull
Are there any #webwise social events tonight?
YOUR FINALLY ONLINE <33
Follow me on twitter. What you already do....
-@"Good guys finish last! #stamina"....lol... I really like that one for some reason! :)
Great weather this weekend! Anybody do anything outdoors?
I will talk to my MIT department to see if we can do this thanks for the idea
hows work going for those professional jerkers?
Thank you! You love our global love! It is a spirit thing!
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!!
The attack was in retaliation for the February killing of their leader, Wowinchapuncke.
you're my boyfriend?! :o
eatting 5 guys burgers a fries isn't the same without you!
a'ight now, this is starting to get ridiculous. I'm ready to go home. NOW.
Amen brother! RT : Is there a sweeter voice in America than Vin Scully? So glad to have baseball back in my life.
Glad to connect :)
slowly but surely i am becoming able to make time for music again, by summer i will be back releasin more new shit for sure
We have to appeal to their interest first and foremost. From there, let them apply the knowledge IRL.
Ha I hope someone was there to clean up
So excited to be at the #escaperoutes event at ! Can't wait to meet the panel!
Give me a museum and I'll fill it with people who think that if someone gave them a museum they could fill it.
#thevoice Why can't these judges just be honest? James, we love you but it was a little pitchy tonight. We love you and so do the girls, but
#whenitwascoolto have a myspace
Wish I could just stop by and lay by your side, but tables have turned and I finally learned
RT : #Acting is ironic: One must fight for a life of action, but the craft is about reaction.
Montero currently has an OPS+ of 82. So, he's not exactly killing it either.
You'd lose dawg! :-)
i really don't care what your opinion is.
Happy 2012! I'll see how this year goes. Starting w/ some
Do you wanna smoke with me?...I wanna smoke with you.
Nice!! Hope it's a great day for u! Peace!
“: Words are just words, they mean nothing without action.” Exactly.
The Avengers *o*
Thank God I found Mariah!
Follow Back ;)
Big homie bored in work can't wait to go an smash Mass Effect 3"s head rar in
hell yeah! Hope we see you there!!!
Can't wait for Tim's Halloween special tonight! What's your favorite Halloween-themed song? Let us (and Tim!) know!
Lol me too ": Watching TV til it start watching me!"
Just added: December 1st show at the Red Devil Lounge!
Brainstorming what the ASECS website should include.
Nice! That's awesome to hear someone use it. That's why I write lyrics because I want people to be able to relate to them.
Wow. This week's Game of Thrones was mad boring, y'all.
criminal minds? Its a great show!
I dunno! I always wake up!
Out the 
Just danced to "don't leave me this way" sung live by Thelma Houston in the Clive Davis theater at the Grammy museum for the Levitt Pav ...
RT Pls RT this to help us get to 1,000 followers & 1 of you will #win Daily Renewal kit & Anti-Aging kit
#creativecomp fall students, come get your portfolios!
About to watch some of this #kings game before the #clippers game starts. Go Kings, Go! (cc: )
I man I forgot about the pots that were used for tea. Dishes just never end.
Drinking water!
Thanks for the info. My treatment plan is place at this time.
MADDI'S MARRIED!!!!! Cue the Madison Moore Baucum chants now!
Grateful for 's teaching & Church Online. I am being inspired to draw closer to my God.
That is HOT! check your mentions for the Pinterest tag!
Mcds SWAG with and
Man make the chain. Chain don't make the man.
Damn that's rough for the mutt, glad to see he's doing fine. PS: Sugar would help you awake, this I know.
:( you have to stay positive!!
I feel like I had so much home work over this weekend, but I don't care.....
Dancing Classrooms holding annual competition May 6
Agreed! RT : definitely creepy movie. Kids are evil! ;D well that little girl is at least.
Welcome back from Spring Break. Worried about your research papers? Now would be a great time to ask a librarian...
Hey my sexy photographer...I see u
where are you???
RT : Idk how you can say Jigga is trash. Top 3 EASILY.
Happy birthday to you! Hope the rest of your racing season is successful and your day is special!
MYINDYTV-23 was at my booth today to award Santa Bucks to my customers for being festive at the Christmas Gift and Hobby Show. Check it...
Snow-in New York today enjoying day off!
So, if you're successful, then you must be cheating? What about Roy and K? Izzo?
profile pic looks like you're running
When the one person you want to text you does, and then doesn't reply again <
i see you man, im watching you eat.
and I just got too hype. :) that pinky promise was adorable <3
man F them hatters
Great news//RT Supreme Court revers redistricting ruling santafenewmexican.com/Local%20News/N…
lmao that shit is too funny. Just poured some Valentina into a lays chips bag today & went to town on it.
you KNOW it!!! #whatWHAT!
They renewed Don't Trust the B in Apt 23, Once Upon a Time and New Girl. What more could I ask for?!
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.” -- Benjamin Franklin This is perfect time of year to plan for success
my boyfriend is smart, and an amazing cook (: oh yeah.
Slide to climax tonight!!!!
Did you Mike Dunlap speak?
It's amazing how fast time flies, 233 days ago retweeted me on twitter. <3
i hate when im waiting for someone to text me back and i just keep getting a bunch of stupid texts i dont care about :(
The Speak Up promotional flyer is an easy way to share the Speak Up URL and survey password to participants, post it around your school...
Less people = less bullshit
Mike Conley Jr. looks like a cartoon character hero and he balls like one too
Just realized I can make a Miracle Max Special: MLT (mutton lettuce and tomato) sandwich with the leftover lamb from Christmas Dinner.
Leaving Diana do Caste la for. #QuintadoNoval in the Door for a couple of days of tasting their wonderful
Thanks for the RT...we must shake hands this year at the 5K. Thanks for being a supporter of the WSCC!
I don't know you but I know you're not important. So shut the f*ck up.
fifty dollars in donations so far!! Thank you to all the people who are lending a hand, we appreciate it!
COULD YOU PLEASE FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3 SHE REALLY WANTS YOU TO FOLLOW HER!
But that's an argument I was quoting, not one I believe!
That Lazy Feeling You Get When You Get Home From School <3 >>>
y did u play baseball then
' G/N ppl!! Too many thoughts at once!!
its so good! Did you ever talk to Michelle
Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
sure did lol
‘Abdu’l-Bahá says if peace workers don’t apply what they advocate, they’re like wine sellers who make speeches condemning wine.
US Rapper Pitbull is to receive the prestigious president's prize at this year's BMI Latin Awards, organisers announce.
Ready to dominate the 3-legged race at the USD picnic this afternoon. And the water-balloon toss.
Keep the same income by keeping the same hair salon srvc OR add extensions & add 2 ur income- we'll train u & supply the hair www.drwiggys.
so happy I got to see my sister and this weekend
Just realized that my talk at next week's NVSA conference will be about #twitter in the Victorian period.
#RAW there is just too much talking n not enough fighting. what happened to kicking ass n taking names.
My phone will not vibrate if you tweet me instead of texting so it will look like I'm playing it cool, I'm good wit it
I'm dying for this weather!!! It's so nice!!! Hard to believe it was so cold last week
Recording Recording Recording, watch out NAPTOWN bout to be a Super Saian real soon
nice .. obviously I'm watching family guy
#4famouswords I don't know YOU
#MM some of my fav #music peeps
Customize T-shirts>>>> Promote>>>>>>>>>> Earn Profits!!!
well that sounds great. Hah(:
definately not, have a great day in SD!!!
only illegal if we get caught otherwise employee of the month home depot
we are taking over NEW YEARS EVE with , , and , four AMAZING parties !!
I was really craving something cold and chocolaty. Pro tip: ice, melted chocolate chips and milk does NOT make a chocolate shake.
ConDems (from those Con states & a minority of Con D's from rural districts from liberal states), but decide, like on Healthcare bill
UMKC Libraries sends a special Happy Birthday Shout-Out to Amelia Fortner. Thanks for all your hard work and dedication!
hope your coming-out party is amazing! wish i could be there!!
hey could you hook me up with some follows?
omg. ooommmmggg. that's hilarious.
have not read these before, no. & not sure about the project yet. been bombarded with busywork this year but will think about it!
If you combined every pirates shortstop from the past 15 years and made a team,They would be the worst hitting/just flat out worst team ever
1c sugar + 2T yeast + .3c grated ginger in 2L bottle. Fill w H2O, stir, cap. 24hrs on counter, 24hrs in fridge. Strain, drink.
Kobe ages well. I respect him more as time goes on.
Gonna be #flashteater ing soon!!
stayed only for a day
that is awesome!!! “: Oh snap. 6 seasons of Saved By The Bell on Netflix Instant Watch!”
nothing wrong with that as we push it to the limit
Oscar is 84?! I hope he's been changing with the times, otherwise Vegas is going to lose a lot of money on The Help.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time...
Bring it over!! “: Scotch. I feel like having some...”
Polar bear is the only bear meat that is both #vegan and #paleo friendly. #truth cc:
Old post office is on fire.
Evan Kleiman How was the Global Street Food panel? Sorry we missed it!
hell yea it wuz good creepy type shit
RT Tell me some good news. // Me, too!
I hate that you can't listen to MLB games via internet radio, but I love that the Tigers game is the free game of the day on MLB radio.
re: What am I doing for Titanic Day (4/15)? I'm dressing as a woman and calling shotgun, same as every year.
What happens when the AC in the office goes on the blink? A "stripped" down environment!
#djangocon thank you core devs for knowing github == ruby and erlang != python stack
!!! We already knew that Honey's a killer jammer, but wow, that is seriously impressive!
10 minutes for my birthday!:)
N/F - Follow Back Bro
Big shoes to fill.
Seriously, this toothache is bullshit.
"Some extra bacon lying around" is about as absurd as "some extra unicorns lying around" !
Anyone else sick of the "hello somebody is saying very bad rumors about you" messages?
Happy National Hug Day! ♥
You have wanderlust :-)
Also, sells Joe Jackson - Night and Day LP for 20 bills because "its rare and mint condition..."
RT : One thing I can give and still keep: my word.
You have to watch it at least once!
RIP Starburns. I hope you find that big beautiful meth lab in the sky.
Happy birthday hope you have a great day :)
icy cold winter weather is great! subway rides are now like big cuddlefests instead of hot, stinky vomitfests
I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives. I like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him. Abraham Lincoln
wait no, like 12
New to twitter, just figured out what FF is :)
GA Tweoples! in L.A. heading 2 get some chick'n & Waffles! Need some Law & Order in our stomach.
is it ever good? :) how come it won't for you?
Having fun adding folks!!!! Morning everyone!
s/o to my mom! hope you have a great mother's day and remember how much you are love and appreciated.
Great deal today from for unlimited boot camp classes!!
notice me please
What? Did something happen today? I had a good day. Did you?
#420 and #hackweek demo day. Such an amazing holiday!
Thank you for playing No Beer Here by Amy Ames.
that could be except she's posted to facebook in the mean time.
The problem with deep cleaning my desk is being disgusted by how much dust falls back on it over the course of a single weekend.
&#39;Glory&#39; Days: Intimate Experiences, But At A Price?
Brand New 16GB Apple iPad up for auction tonight, don't miss it!!!
Neat, where do you want to go ? :) RT : Seaching study abroad programs before class.
Thanks for the super shoutout!
You don't stop laughing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop laughing
Going to go on my longest bike ride ever -- Matthew's Beach to Red Hook, 1 hour bike clinic, ride all the way home - more than 30 miles.
True Comparing yourself to another can only produce 1 of 2 feelings: superiority or inferiority. Neither's from God.
answer you phone nucca!
Nope. Not true, so maybe you are ;) No one censors or checks what I say.
Great to catch up buddy!
In the afternoon, I'm a director screening a film..by night I'm an actor being screened (at Kent Recital Hall)
PLENTY of Fathers will still let their sons play football, only he wimps r calling the show
oh...! Well that makes sense(x
This makes that Green Bay-Seattle game just a little bit more interesting
And on the 7th day God created brunch.....Get in here!
'Success' makes me feel nervous and a bit guilty.And that's my definition of 'Failure'.
It's an Alice Cooper kinda morning here at the temporary ranch. Although being even a $5000 baby would be fine, right about now....
Ladies, you should smell nice when you're
you woke up before me!
Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
We would like to show you all what we can offer... DM or call 0844 880 2010 so we can arrange a convenient time to call in to see you.
If you dont know me by now, you will never, never know me. That good too, my validation do not come from man but from the
Confused on what my 2nd package from is and hoping one of the roommates was home to sign for it this time!
Learning about the Lean Start-up Methodology by
thank ya!(:
yo those jackets for sale?
Ah. In that case, avoid, avoid, avoid.
I Instagram WAY to much... sorry guys :P
We specialize in cosmetic dentistry at affordable prices! www.kravitzdental.com
Awesome. I'll take you on that sometime!
The end of the school year begins my new #EllenRTme strategy. Tweets to will return in Sept.
Yes!!! RT You're reading this right ... RT : Nation's top QB Gunner Kiel commits to #Indiana per
yes how did u know tht song is stuck in my head right now
looks more like a morning rape out. Creepy!
I knew I was going to miss my flight. Smh
Ugh it's early. I can't eat,drink or smoke and I'm sitting here trying to keep my eyes open at the dr. I'm over this right now.
Sat St. Pat day-Cornbeef&cabbage.Red rice&sau. Irish potatoes&chive cass. AND apricot glazed cornish hen! & much more
#leadership academy hosts Sarah Lacy, senior editor TechCrunch- here with her parents now!!!
: Is "#Nevada on-campus threat level" rising? Can't help ask: more guns...more potential for accidental shooting?
me too.
Alright we will!
Why did I think that conquering the mass pike traffic would be a doable thing this morning? 2hrs & counting at 10mph
Of course the court house is closed. Lazy government workers...
doesn't matter to me. Just curious. Are we going out after?
Goodbye to Whitney Elizabeth Houston. One Day We Will Hear That Voice Again.
CHECK UR DM I SEND MINE THROUGH THERE TOO
Dashing out for MORE wigs. Cuz clearly the 5 I have won't work.
AirPlay, oh, how you vex me!
took her purse, went thru it wore her shades, went thru her phone went to her room cause home girl reported her purse stolen
Mask-ing face while listening to lady gaga songs "the edge of glory" ~I'm hangin on a moment with u~.
Or advertise nasty drug store cologne with a baby goat and old Brokeback Mountain set.
Stressed About School
its straight partying chilling same old same
RT : Just finished another great project in NE DC.still teaching new assistant..few gaps realized today.
yeah but at least I have a fresh new one now so it's not so bad : ) but I have a new Phone/# so dm tu numero
Sometimes when we're talking words get drowned out by the sound...
miss u! Hanging with right now! You should be here!
Trying some Chai Bliss almonds by I got at #ucardataworkshop Very tasty! Wonder if I can get these in Berkeley.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to lies within us.
It was great to see you, too! Hope to catch you at Annual :).
YOU DID AMAZING. IM DYING.
it really was. Wish we knew who they were I would love to thank them.
i love how every sat i have been having family movie day and we sit and watch a bunch of movies my grandparents are cool
yeah not softball. Mad respect to all athletes. Hell you know I watch bass fishing too lol
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama Tells ABC News Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal
haha the most sexual twitter yet is ..
the l19th/e20th century imposition of "modern business" over a medieval or pseudo-medieval system?
Are you guys doing a morning show today before Kevin takes over tomorrow morning? I really enjoyed last week.
you know I've learned to answer texts. Twitter not so much.
I'm tired of always being the only one to fall.
just to let you know, you killed it last night, Awesome!!!
Important to use non-competitive keyword phrases initially in
UWM, that's cool, sounds like you're doing well
#WhenIwasYounger I thought 4th graders were HUGE. Now im in 8th grade. lol :)
now a sloth's boobs
Tonight at 5 on MPTV 36, sits down with #MikhailBaryshnikov - one of the greatest ballet dancers in history.
who doesnt love me? :)
Starting a new class tonight. So excited! What are you doing to continue to learn & grow?
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear : Eviction Notice
ur guitarist with the long hair looks like my uncle bajuses (Eric) just thought I'd tell you
Where is #BraxtonMiller. Get bauserman out of there
been in terra for 12+ hours
3 Twins Ice Cream on Fillmore and Haight is giving away free ice cream due to the power outage!
I think a portable woodchipper would help with those unable to take a hint.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. Buddha
#lazysundaymode is on!
Can't "F" around and pull off your selections...ha!
A woman with a future and a past..
The fourth is not with me because starwars is gay as fuck.
i love your videos especially stalker doctor
As long as you are of age, drinking in the lots is allowed. Bring some beer and join us across from Verizon gate
but please don't wait up!
.'s talk here is taking on an impossible problem: how to foster benevolent academic communities.
Last day of week 1 of the madness. Starting tomorrow, "Diamond Lou week". "Let me diamondized, well you know".
Oh, how sad. I'm so sorry.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
Lunch break. Guest star focus is next in my weekend intensive. Finished 1 liners.
The Red State screening blew my mind. You are even more handsome in person. Thank you for sharing with us! Come back soon!
Not really jumping ship. More like getting flat out dumped.
well im beig serious too.. i do remember you.
Dear libraries seeking an IT director: this position does NOT REQUIRE AN MLIS. Just experience in libraries (and technology), that's it.
New world order.
Loving might be a mistake but it's worth making.
Looking for a great condo or house to buy or sell? Contact me.
Haha! Should have added ;) after that last jab. We are grateful for all submissions, of course.
Refs are terrible! C'mon !!!!
ha! It is. This is the place with the plum sauce :)
Those jays are such fun! We have them in the mountains outside of Albuquerque. :-)
Happy #Star #Wars Day everyone! #MayTheFourth Be with YOU.
WTF , wat kinda mess is this !
Home! Eating and Catching up on my TUF's before I go to training
it was Louannah ... Louis/Hannah .. 0____o
My mom liked her birthday present!!! :D
Congrats! RT : So excited and exhilarated to be a part of Wharton MBA2014!!! Livin the dream!
tickets for Rock the Bells go on sale tomorrow and I haz no money *tear*
1% away from an AB in accounting and I can't get bumped up. Thank you to the strict accounting department, happy summer to you too jerks.
Correction: The performers were from New Mt. Zion Baptist Church.
Shoutout to ... Mr. Twitter now.
Been waiting 4 your return since Rock Star: INXS. So happy that I might soon have more of your songs for my iPod!
this is why our country is where it's at republicans only care about the rich
you do promo?
'swrong with your hair?
Welcome to the injury dome...There ought to be a law...
It is quite windy in San Francisco this evening.
Peacemaking begins with acceptance, then dialogue.
Another day, another LHC shoot. This time with Zumba instructor Rachel Carlino! Should be another fun gig.
ajsksjskjsksbwab ikr. it's like the best show in the world.
Mariners opening day game is tomorrow!!! 3:00 am, who's up for watching the game?
For all current players: we need more representation on the GFL message board. Go to the link, sign up and get involved.Keep it clean though
And thanks. It was a fun class to teach.
Anyone ever notice the bag of sugar says "made in the American, and naturally fat free"...
I heard ya
I'm really single because no one has the guts to tell me how they really feel, I'm not gonna do all the work in a partner project!
when & where is your next nyc show?
#ifihadagun I'd shoot her because she took him -_-
I've said it before and I'll say it again. There is NO cool way to wave to someone in public. Bro head-nod FTW
It's World Appreciation Day! "Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had." -Unknown I appreciate u!
It was actually much better than I expected. Really smart writing.
lame, when using target="_blank" for <a>, #Safari opens a new window, whereas every other #browser opens a new tab, fix: cmd+click the link
I did the AIDS walk houston and almost lost my life
About to listen to and on #GGToday...excited for draft talk.
I wonder if REM still plays "Star 69" at concerts and anyone remembers what that means
What makes you feel better than money??
I'm too clingy.
Why post a picture on Facebook with the caption 'OMG!! I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
how can i get a instrumental tape on uur site?
Revenge time...only two more shows left for the season!
High af I swear
so everyone just ignore my tweets about vinny being on abdc next week. hehe bye.
I hope they do before I die lol and TD is Toney Douglas
in church
": haha moe use that combat...finish him lol" had to...throwback!
Lemony salad /Cous cous is incredible / all back to work soon
Confirming what I already knew- the train is awesome ("awesome" autocorrected to "Swedish" which was a much more intriguing statement)
Doing well. Great to hear from you. Traveling to Ohio later this week btw. We should catch up late next week!
I think if a CSI or police officer came to investigate me and used one of those hokey phrases they do on TV, I would laugh.
RT : "Sunday morning...coffee NY Times and Meet The Press. Doesn't get much better. #hansenfiles” this man speaks truths.
Kevin Hart gone be my mentor.
New Dimmable LED undercabinet striplighting now available with integral driver built into striplite .....no remote drivers required
I've apparently been retweeting a lot of your stuff this evening! lol
oh yeah sorry about that
DEAF i DONT MIND LOOKING AT ASSHOLES CANT STAND TO LISTEN TO THEM
Who are these children in my kitchen?! "Would you like your grapes chopped or whole?"
If Anonymous were operating during the heyday of Blackbeard et al, what kind of rum would they drink?
in Harlem USA...uptown baby!
Yup, for those poor bastards its more like "Good Luck..."
Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now...
Painful historic factoid: Clinton-Lewinsky scandal broke at start of #Pope JP II's '98 #Cuba trip. Most media returned to Washington.
I had such an amazing weekend with 💜
A favor for the writers out there: anyone willing to describe their revision process in three words?
Predictions for the #GatorBowl? #OhioState or #Florida?
justin I love you so much your my idol(: lmao
ah man Jillian,I want every Dog you show Gracie such a cutie I think you should take her heck w Grant xo
Thanks so much, it's great to hear!
Hooray, I'm doing my first Inman Park Festival this year! I'll be in the Arts & Crafts section. Time to make lots and lots of jewelry!
The best croissant I've ever had was not in Paris but in Colombia in la panaderia la loca.
The only safety video I watch. The finger wag is hilarious. :)
Unless it's already been done. I don't know. :^\
boo can I borrow your headphones I left mine at home /:
Um gettin that Y membership back soon
not ready for this game at all ... lets hope everything goes good.
love your pictures, hope you will be at the parade next week to get the city at its "greenest!"
Wow...25% of our webinar participants say they are marketing their online programs in the international market. Way higher than I expected!
Tapping into your world.
very reasonable haha
I'm back after a short hiatus (computer was acting up as usual)... getting ready to start work tomorrow!!
08' Pinot Noir from Burgundy is here! Aromas of candied cherry, red licorce & a Grand Marnier finish will make your mouth water immediately
Will do!
Lmaol "weather ur the.first one in or the last one in.... Rider!!!"
TRUE!! RT Selling a matching bikini top and bottom separately is literally the shittiest thing that happens.
- you're welcome!
Not about what you saw, but rather what you learned!
oh I highly doubt that. Especially with a fab last name like yours. #SoCool. ;)
I wanted to join you, but we're too short-staffed here right now. I expect tweet by tweet updates.
we are back in the studio again recording this coming week but this time just as backing vocals featuring on a 10 tracked album.thank u lord
Drinking absinthe. Love it.
cool! we updated our site to say 18+. So excited for the show!
Yeah Packers should go sign that guy he is a beast,Imagine that guy on a winning team,Would almost make Packers seem unfair.
hollow da don
Anyone seen this Wesley Snipes flick game of Death??!??
is working on our company emails. IMAP here we come.
Arriving to the event!! I'll keep you guys posted :-) #Christmas bazaar!
Thanks for RT
The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure.
My timeline just made be laugh
.... TONIGHT WAS THE REASON I LOVE GLEE... WHY I'VE STUCK AROUND... FALCHUCK EFFING BLESS. PERFECTION.
Do you create interactive art or technology? We want you to show it off at an upcoming #thirstdc main event. So inter-tube us, nerds!
Oh...I thought people were using two different hash tags for General Conference.
Were you there tonight? Come say hi next time. I play for the Hustlers and have the only Australian accent in
ha with who
Thanks for following, Claudette.
OMG #Glee is so funny xD
B-day greeting from ? You have arrived! Happy anniversary of your birth, GF! Hope it is spectacular.
This just keeps getting worse!
Can't wait to play on the same line-up as White Denim this Friday... We hope they see us play and want to form a super group.
Kevin is Louis's fake bird,there are 6 r's,Harry has 4 nipples,and Liam is afraid of spoons!!!!:D
I've had the deluxe album on replay since I got it Tuesday :)
We're like fire and gasoline. I'm no good for you, you're no good for me.
Any time, friend!
Harvey Mackay's new book "The Mackay MBA of Selling in the Real World" is #1 on Wall Street Journal, #2 on USA Today, and Top 10 NYT!!
Soaking up some Florida sun. Come join me ;)
Oh, yes, one more thing, please ask your friends to LIKE US here on my fan page, it is so very much appreciated! Love you all, Traveler
Elusive sources? RT : Are you a dog owner? AP would like to talk to you for an article. Please email or call 212-621-7115.
I don't know what to think about the name of the coin sorter I bought. Money Miser.
anybody had a fancy tea, (like high tea) at a hotel in bmore recently? hit me up. (it's for a story).
Thanks Art - happy Friday to you!
#wecanttalk if u cant fit a magnum lol!! yeah i threw that out there just being real
Bye,, babies I'm goint to go to my mum home....
Hey, where'd our home equity, retirement funds & Public Treasury go? O, it's in Cheney, Romney & friends' offshore accounts.
Man, i'll kill for that pizza puff right now.
Love the letter idea. Too often (a grad student) I see teachers dive into to something only they know they purpose of.
I need nap..
HCA rules in Wicks v. State Rail case concerning the interpretation of s 30(2)(a) of the Civil Liability Act 2002 (NSW): [2010] HCA 22.
Wishing Tay'Von a Happy 4th Birthday and Screaming, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to the real moms not you silly girls who did just to trap ya BD
I miss when I was little and everything was perfect and if something was wrong, it was never a big deal.
aww thanks.. yes i have recorded several songs! love it :)
seriously mark up - the ref can't pay all your bills
Goodluck at your interview today!!
i don't that's going to work..haha. i'll try. i miss everyone already!
The sincere support of of the Palestinian Hunger Strikers made me respect them even more & make sure they are on the RIGHT path!
You'll love my cookies! They are delicious!
Happy Leap Day!
"we're from Dayton, OH. Not too far. Not as bad as Pittsburgh. What's the last good band that came from Ptsbrg? The Ben Rothlisberger Band?"
Everyone go follow he's really cool and he would really appreciate it!
Show me a good time.
Part booty big titty women >
How do I use twitter?! I feel like I'm doing everything wrong on here >__<
If only you really ran the city.... It's very apparent that you don't.
I can only imagine what the other drivers thought as they saw me super-leaning, making faces as I drove...
My brothers in jail and can't make it to the bonfire tonight. :(
Based on what is trending right now, the Grammys must be on and Paul McCartney is playing with the Foo Fighters.
I will no longer waste my time relieving the past, instead I will spend it worrying about the future.
Nice meeting you.
we're listening to #HEARTSUP in the office. Never gets old. If we give a lil love, maybe we can change the world?
It's on! RT : Downtown SF workers: Lunchbox Project asks you to bring a lunchbox Friday to reduce takeout waste...
Thank you SO much for distributing those!
Obese job applicants face bias: report - Ninemsn
i have a lot of things to do today and decided to do nothing. lazy day.
what have they done - or rather haven't then done?
Mouth for War
students--2011 tax info now available for pick-up in the Fiscal Ops. Form 1098T and W2 for those employed by College in '11.
How's the weather in CHI thus far? Rainy/chance of delay again?
I told you my friend, next time I'm down there, I'd like to get together and chill.
53 yard field goal
Everytime Jim says playoff run I punch a puppy. You want that on your conscience, Jim?
I didn't catch that little piece of info;) But, I did notice 'Hanukkah' is misspelled in the press release.
I'm still here bitches-A
if you can't make her a wife, Then don't make her a mother
Another rainy day
I am using to see the buzz around the web. Join me! REGISTER AT THIS WEBSITE AND GET 1 HUGE BUBBLE BATH!
Two shows coming up this week! Check them out! We have presales for both!
ok, I've been milking this nap for the longest now... I guess I'll get up
nice. Believe it or not, it is super windy in Austin today! Feels like I am home!
i'm okay with orange the color will make me look skinny
Also, thanks for coming up from Chicago to get in on the action !
Good morning Chicago! Make it a great day!
#NCAA bracket question - If you do more than one bracket, do you make them similar with slight changes or totally different?
Had so much fun last night. This headache is worth it
lol. We better :P! And yup, you look like you are back in middle school or something. Nothing like a senior. Haha:)
Morning all! Happy Friday!
I wonder how I recounted nightly events before camera phones?
Seriously. Why did I come to work today?
you're very welcome! Xo!!
The TV show "Dancing with the Stars" has raised the profile of ballroom dancing in every country it has been shown in with many dance...
Thanks for the Dropmark recommendation. How do you use it?
6 until whenever
Congrats to all the presenters!
MQB's opening was great.
he'd be stupid not too. I mean look at you.. you're beautiful. 💜
Great win for the
poster by anonymous? You should just have the poster printed & put some cool graphic sticker or a spray paint tag on it
exactly>>>.just cause we dont want to deal wit that shit. we r called weak,,,,we just wanna be happy!!
Sounds like a good night ! What ru working on?! I have #film for u to process yet...
ah thats good there only 4 buses up here.
doing some pre-shopping for a VIP client! Hmm, what will we find today?!
lmfao you're a virgin tho. :p
I'm a BITCHatTIMES and I don't give a FUCK!
Bragging rights for a year: Sarah, Dana, Zeke, Meredith, Caitlin & Seth take home top prize in the case competition at MBA Opening Residency
Solo home-run for Raul Ibanez as he makes this his 15th career two-homer game. #Yankees up 4-2 over the #Rays in the bottom of the 7th.
hell yes cuzz...hella funny..i do feel you..
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I never stopped liking you.
What shall I do today?? Hm... Pool, beach, spa?? That sounds pretty good.
Law firms being anti-social with social media is costing them revenue
RT : Every #actor has faced tons of rejection. And you will too. Forever. Don't let it define you. Because it doesn't.
Can't complain. Keeping busy. I didn't realize you hadn't totally transitioned to freelancing. Did I spill the beans?
It sucks when you do something wrong,on accident,and the person wont talk to you. :'(
Um, looks ah-mazing tonight at the #oscars. Love the hair!
You have to dream before your dreams can come true
Has anyone strummed the guitar yet on Google's homepage? You can even record it. So creative.
Hm I wonder why its cold...lol RT : Cold as shit in my room wit the window and fan on
have fun!
The world record for Ocarina of Time is 22:32...that's sad on so many levels
Bout to take a bullshit ass quiz
#BostonHusky is not happy. Let's go, Huskies! : Jim Calhoun is not happy...and neither am I.
I didn't make it to the International Festival this year but I'm glad to hear it went well. Thanks for the interesting article !
maybe you can toss one for me? ;)
of course! Thanks for sharing the awesome posts!
RT Mhm, I love that cereal! RT honey bunches of oats :p
My Last - Big Sean:)
I woke up to the cutest picture text ever :3
S/o to my cuh for doin his thang out were! we that
Haha ite I'll try. I need to win out to make the playoffs and I'll still need some help.
Rice with the weekly double…2 wins, two CUSA weekly awards. Player of the Week to #AK14 and Frosh of the Week to Ahmad Ibrahim. Congrats!
I shall call you the Crocker.
Sounds like a plan. P.S. The tees are going over stupendously.
i am kicking around registering to do that again. might be a good distraction from all the work around the house when we move in.
Bored rite na....
to me you do :(
I did teddy bear I corrected it :)
Economic empowerment for women is a human rights issue. -Fatima Ahmed
you got it ;)
Jay "Mixin'" Dixon returns to WRKS (98.7 Kiss FM)/New York, this time as PD.
me too dude. me too. c;
oh yeah! Haha
have you tried calling her?
my tweet was from ccha so im definitely winning!
We're looking for a new online event registration supplier. Any recommendations?
who thought the patient was the bottleneck?
is this my love?
Great town, great time of year to visit!
We are live with Legal Expert Mark O'Mara talking about Clearwater as location for jury selection in #caseyanthony case
Every action has a reaction!
American media will not recognize Egypt as part of Africa, So I can no longer trust American media and am no longer willing to follow them.
same here...definitely a summer banger lol
Welcome to the Facebook page of After School Products. We offer products for after school programs that kids love.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
Can U giVe a ShOuT oUT tO yOur HaWaii SuPpoRterZzZ?? Please ;) RT <3
I think the #Packers need some Tebow mania.
@ me tho RT : I would rape #Oomf and he'll like it too 😜
After analyzing the Matt LaPorta situation in detail, it is a really difficult one for the Tribe; fans won't be happy either way.
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't updated today. I'm out of the shop and just returned from the dentist. Feelin pretty woozy!
girl I see u there every week. Then again, bad argument cus u could say the same lol
Happy Holidays to all!!!
new season started last night yo.
you know me all to well! Lol
Good Morning! What is everyone having for breakfast?
That's exactly what I was thinking, but I chose to go with a reference other people would actually get.
I can't stand when people don't call to cancel an appointment!
can you make it so I can write a paper on tosh.o? He somehow fits into popular culture ;)
#SinceWhen is it awesome for disrespect to be thrown around like candy on Halloween -_-
How is it already May?! Where has the time gone??
Aw ! Thank you so much again ! You are so sweet !
Which is your idea?
Thankyou Received my largest order today!
Much excitement about the possibility of alias email addresses.
RT : My woman of the year is Elizabeth Warren. She stands up for the 99%.
I am now! Just got back from a run!
Connecting w/students as online instructor: consider context, level of course and students, welcoming tone, establish credibility
Good job! Welcome to the 21st century
no problem looking forward to seeing more of your work.
Cam rental rtns, collection of final footage and continued editing; full day here today.
So tired of all this spam on twitter!((
I just learned about emoji from Changed my life. Your mom and I should talk/exchange sushi emoticons.
We climax..without the ladder
who cares, start saying it really loud!! Hahaha
jealous!! I'm in Alabama for the wknd. Going for a run in the snow?!
one of the best inventions of our time. close second to the iphone and/or mc hammer pants.
when I graduated from uk they spelled my name Erica in the program. Couldnt even get my gender right.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms
Newsflash: Suicide attacks plus manifestos= THAT WAS TERRORISM. Saying it's not because he was a middle class white guy is bullshit!
Good Morning Twitter. My body is so sore but I don't care I'm gone be back at it tonight.
Two sponsors so far for my Chicago based radio show. If I'm on the radio, should I wear a tie?
A library in L.A. has a valuable copy in circulation -- with your autograph!
"If Texas were a Country... Now don't get any ideas..." makes the jokes while talkin' SERIOUS BUSINESS.
now i can't go back to sleep
Similarly! We will have to meet next time I make it home to
make cookies in dirty shapes
RT : Fun #TechMunch panels on brands, PR, blogs, publishers and great views at Annenberg
Reading texts half asleep is like looking into the sun
You guys ARE half my friends! (And I don't even know !)
Whoever wears the shoe :)
Purchased - Nice, but... Am I the only one who was hoping for some default styling in the responsive stylesheet?
Happy Mother's Day to my hot ass Mom ! I love you SO much! Can't wait to see you!
Thanks for your order of CleanStart today!!! You will love it.
why would you post that pic of me and you spelled my name wrong
we have a monthly hh ar Vinoteca the 1st Thurs of every month and the rest of the month is all over town. Ill keep u posted
Any of my royals followers going to the game tonight?
I wish you loved me as much as I love you.
"Now if you give me some algebra I'll go ham on that sh*t!" Ladies and gentlemen... The !
Got this rug on my head finally twisted up. Looks good to. :) Gud shit.
thank you! I hope someone does!
No problem. If you're familiar with the Anaqua Springs subdivision, it's about 1.5 miles beyond that.
do you live near by? It's right where I live.
The market manipulators got some leverage and the markets and are trying to drive them positive. Can they do it by 3pm CDT?
Thanks for entering our giveaway!!!
ya right.
conspiracy theory much? Me thinks you've been watching too many movies about TV news. We don't work that way.
How the eff u get fired on ur b day...
Presumptive GOP Pres nominee Mitt Romney still AWOL from Sunday News Talk Shows.
Volunteer , tomorrow !
Good Morning Chicago! Have a great day!
I'm WEEPING just reading my TL about
#bawse RT : I just destroyed two sandwhiches in only a matter of minutes lol
Check out my Youtube channel, with lots of acting tips and advice on making it in the film industry: www.youtube.com/jakecarpenterstudio
how can i get one'my bday coming up i would like one for my bday'
RT : I'm bout to release a song stay tuned.... #HigHeadWednesdays <- !!!!
made my house look so festive for the holiday. Contact her for holiday decorating or other interior needs
Panthers lost two LB's maybe I should go and suit up for them!
ashley, e-mail me at ... i'll hit you with the questions.
we do u little niggas put all that Damn alcohol..... I get drunk of 3 cups of hypnotic
Are there expectations around these observations?
Woke up this morning to another dead kitten in the middle of my floor :(
ATTENTION all Wild Things fans! We are creating a new cover photo for our Facebook page and we need your help to make it a success!
Monitor your hits and traffic to your website by using free Google analytics
You know what amazes people more than anything at baseball games? Broken bats. "WHOA!"
To everyone who is sad, you deserve to smile. The earth loves you
Thanksk for tweeting. Sounds good.
signing up another new client this morning. i love getting people healthy!!!!!
if you have an hour tonight to be in Allen, one of the top officers is speaking about her last trip she went on for free
6 days until we #StopSDGEPowerlink. Come down to Sempra HQ at 12:30 on Monday March 7 with signs and enthusiasm! Green, NOT greed!
We just wrapped production for Convenia/Pfizer Pharmaceutical!
he's just building us up to kill off another beloved character...sadistic bastard
I'll not speak for Rob, but re:textmapping we're hoping for the latter, doing prep work for the former
On my birthday ima b hollering another round.
RT Want to hear about books, recipes and contests galore? Follow ...10k by turkey day to win great swag!
#Mets, #Rays & #SFGiants all came from behind in the 9th inning to win their afternoon games.
free is the only way to go, as the space will be dominated by googlewave and sharepont. only giga-projects will need a paid answer
I think I looks good!(:
Great time at Alex Pizza today! Thanks to everyone who side stepped the rain for some free lunch!
a chicken wearing a cape just stopped play during the blackburn-wigan match. northwest england is such a mystifying land.
Thanks. It just happened.
Its an expereince I will never forget. The OKC memorial is for the bombing victims, running for that cause will change you
yeah the nab special, did some 3D photos during the trip this weekend, trying to figure out how best to share them
He's so hot, he's on fire! The hottest news dude in SD... really?
Thinking exact same thing.
Beer...coffee...lots of spicy foods. .....dear stomach lining....kiss my ass!
okay, working like a slave but getting everything done. How you been?
Vernice Armour is about to take the stage. Go Fly Girl!!
never got one!!
come back :(
Time for the Saturday edition of
.: "The word 'philanthropist' is ripe to be democratized."
Looks like we've got some great points of connection. Look forward to the exchange!
That presentation was the best i've ever done! I'm improving! Omg! My teacher said that i'm the presentation to beat! Woo!
Why wait? Download your own copy now of A-Town Veteran on
Seems fair.
cause my mom is stupid.....
thanks for the shout out!
just went to the teachers lounge to buy the class drinks.
Your a waste of my time so u have to go...
Think outside the box. Women's Studies degrees are a good foundation for leadership roles in non-profits, politics, and business.
This is my final chance...I am going through with it this time no matter how scared I get. #Promise <3 ♪
come make a trip
just sent a link to your aol e-mail acct re: earlier conversation.
This year is going to be amazing! Working on the plans right now
and this is why i look up to you as a rolemodel, you let nothing get in your way<3
Hey you! lol Can you give me a call at your earliest convenience
thanks Ellie! All good now!
I'm about to drive back to center city and spit on a few of these OWS fucktards. I get their message I guess, but not showering is lame
The badge of awesomeness is nimbleness, adaptability & being thrifty.
Ribs USA in Burbank?
Want to add a WORKOUT BUDDY to your account?? Do it now for reduced Monthly Dues and No Enrollment Fee!!! TODAY ONLY
how's scrant?
Damn why am I headed to the office so early? Oh yeah.
Is Zombie Favre unstoppable?
terrible nasty
I don't like to brag. So my bitches brag for me
Jon Busch is the man.
Had to called Nay to see what's new! Lmao
Mayor Ford has noted Joan River's line "a man does not put his hand up a woman's skirt looking for her library card" --her TTC pass, maybe.
I just fell a little bit more in love w/ So grateful 4 the freedom 2 have political dissent w/humor, intelligence, charm&wit.
So is now tweeting as The Mayans were right...
We’re glad to hear you think so ! Thanks for finding time to enjoy a bar this weekend.
Lol at this house going nuts for the game. I can't even hear myself think
are you watching The Sing Off tonight !!!!???
the brilliance of Boogie Nights can not be overstated. PTA is a genius.
safe travels.
I'm so broke I can't shop. I love theraputical shopping.
-- Get well, Marquette brother.
hey Deion when u were with the Yankees, was Dave Griffin as good as he says he was.. He's a friend of mine...
“: In honor of LeBron's 3rd MVP, KIA unveils the new 2013 KIA LeBrontima" It gets 3/4 of the way there and then the engine dies.
i have Strep ... So , My party's postponed to sometime next weekend (maybe) . ):
sharing is caring RT What would happen if the phone were...truly social? looks to answer with just.me.
I can't trust anyone but myself .
Apparently when you are on track to sell out a hotel and visit for a night, a 5pm checkout is totally cool. Good to know :-)
From my understanding, BK joint venture forces franchisees in eastern US to sell to one private firm if they want out,lowering their value.
If you're unsettled about something, ask God to bring u peace about it. You may have let go of God, but He's never let go of you.
Funny how people glorify celebs but cant take the time to pay respect to real people....real heroes...
is a mahomie too, respect her like you respect all the rest of the mahomies! Don't be afraid to talk to her she is AMAZING!
Getting addicted to
Portland, OR, one my fave cities. What are you doing for my birthday weekend? LOL.
poor baby, u need some vitamins lady.
let's make a plan to make a plan about planning a parade!
Correct! Street-side slots were for motorists.
retweeted me. Definition of
can we have a shutout????
drink a big ass canister of water and vinegar
the fat green fox hopped past the boring dog.
me so exited
This fight bout to get ugly
Nancy Pelosi says she supports abortion and gay marriage because she is Catholic. Does she go to church?
What did you go for on your last visit to the dentist? Cavity? Teeth Whitening? Wisdom Teeth?
Merci! Isn't Patrick so wonderful?!
What are the odds on one who has taken course (College, Born Into, Community or Religion) amounting to more than pupil or pawn?
Wish I was going to I'll just rage twice as hard at :)
thanks for the follow!!!
Take a picture in grey sweatpants an over-sized shirt, hair in a messy bun and no make up, and then upload it
The office season 6 episode 5... Gets me every time. Jim is the ultimate man #niagra #wedding #office #PB&J
B warns of Amazon cancellation notice scam. Do not click on the links in the email.
your gonna get it sooner or later .
Every culture gets the public intellectual it deserves. We get Jose Canseco.
These lavish luxuries are not just giveaways, they are carefully thought out promotions that will elevate an existing brand.
I'm not sure, but I will find out and post on our Facebook and Twitter if there is.
Thanks & Glad that you liked it.
This is so fun!
Anyone skate phxam???
So Trying To Set up a Summer 2012 Tour, any advice on best venues to hit up in the Midwest??? Places that really like to Rock!
what was the pick? DVR cut out because show ran long.
A shocking omission. You can come to the New York event on Thursday....
Excited for my first WSOP tournament ever. Getting in a swim and some Hellmuth yoga now. Good luck and
RGIII he's gonna go with a Droid cause he doesn't wanna be like Luck haha
The first taping of "On Tap" went well. We have a lot to learn! But overall the test run was a major success.
thanks :D
In the famous baseball advice by Willie Keeler to batters, "Hit em where they ain't"
Free #Sazs barbecue sauce when u buy a cube of #MillerLite #WINNING!
just talking to my friend & sister (You)! lol :)
I have a taste for Cold Stone
Love that combo
cause your a spineless coward
I try to give equal time. In her case, she just looks so bad I can't avoid it! I worry for her health!
#fridayreads: Thick as Thieves by Peter Spiegelman.
I also dislike when you're sitting across from a hot person in the computer lab & can't help but stare @ them until you're inevitably caught
at 'Naughty in N'awlins' swinger event. Its a beautiful day in new orleans !
lol I'll think about it but maybe not
nothing much! talking to friends wbu?
“ She used to be the sweetest girl.”
a big fuck you too you too .
need to get in the studio asap!!! i got a joint for us! (pause)
#np sean paul-never gonna be the same
Need suggestions on good survey tool to use on Twitter, Facebook, etc. Which one is easiest to use from a responder's point of view?Thanks.
Only 3 people know who I really am;)
I fucked up
Where did you get the new Dokken!??!?!
May Day
OMGoodness. The #CorbinBaby just stole the spotlight from the speaker with a huge burp. #obviously such a lady.
it would taste better in a Viking cup!
RT I applaud the leadership of President Biden.
Justin is at Selenas concert singing right now lol.
the new figures will be released first at the San Diego Comic con. Thanks so much for asking. Keep watching the OSM site!!!
If there's anyone who would let me stay at their house, I could use a place to stay. I don't need food, just a place to sleep.
bring on the 18 game schedule!
Keith #Olberman on #ThisWeek? Switching to
“: Fuck public speaking.” just get drunk first, pretty soon you'll be singing in public
What a nice message of inclusion :)
i wanna go see the lucky one today it looks so good! :)
Feelin sick as fuck. Work everyday though.
sure i already did
I can finally eat again!
Almost 20k mgs of sodium is going into this 'healthy' pasta salad.
Weird ass females......loud as hell..smh
be still my heart. My 3 Fave things, Nikki, ice cream AND delivery?!?
I came from feel-good, perfect weather in Cali to 100 freaking degrees in Vegas. Oh, jajajooooy.
Its sad when people are making you choose between the girl you like and your #mahomies. Your a teenager who cares if you date!
Is your dj tonight at Haven lounge Miami Beach...1237 Lincoln rd
I'm going to pretend you said some awesome Three Floyds or Brugge beer and #tweers it up. ;)
Lol RT : So Last night.. The pizza man left my house and asked me for a tip.. I told him "Don't Trust These Hoes
"Feel, Felt, Found" it's a technique used by high school boys LOL
Gotta feel that, if the #Pens can take another huge W tonight, Flyers rookies start getting inside their own heads like Pens in 07.
working working and working that's all.
RT : Disunion blog by Nicole Etcheson. She will present her latest research on Nov 11....
yeah he does!!
loll at "meaty" loll
Are you 'healing' or 'recovering' from your workouts? Exercise Intelligently...
Apologies for the late tweet but it was great having in on Monday-lots of good advice for Planning! cc:
dog, walk thyself
SLAP just plays the same stuff week after week. It gets old after a while...
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle White Titties Can't Jump.
hey!!! I love your acc<3 can you please please please follow? It would actually mean SO much to me!!! please?? ;**
#pii2012 /agree w on the need for narrow laws that protect your social media accounts from employees
yep, I hope that Light Table learns from it
I'm beautiful, on the inside...look closer.
Two Atlanta area Costcos sell Solomon's #kosher rib steak, flanken ribs, briskets, top rib roast and refrigerated poultry.
He was rockin it hard!
is my other account.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Blackberry Playbook 7-Inch Tablet (16GB)
Watching "El Prezi-dente" rocking a meeting - yet again - with #prezi !
come on bottom of the order you have done it all season so far... continue....
Who didn't see this coming? Tragic but expected.
Could a female politician be involve in a Weiner-like scandal? Or are women just wired differently than men, cyber-sexually?
hey boo :)
#2ThingsIAppreciate Friends and Loved ones.
Sweet! ": In this weekend? Be sure to check out its newest spot,"The Night Porter",in the old La Jolla building!"
you cold hearted bastard! hope karma bites you in the ass! i hope you go through hell just like i did! you dont deserve love!
Good to know that I'm not on your s**t list (yet).
that's one thing I won't miss from prince, that's for sure
O AND A SHOUT OUT TO THE HUSKIES!!!!!!
Keep things in perspective and they probably won't seem as bad as you think...
tonite I'm hostin Mon nite f-ball at Park 52 Rest-5201 s harper in Hyde Park! Vikings/Jets! Free! surprize guests! Food/drinks! Game 7:30
Yeah, it was 4! :) I know!! And you can see Michael's face like "WTF?!" Haha.
I am such a sucker for old diners with vintage signs. Especially if they're filled with regulars who are greeted by name by the cook.
Well... it's time to work out!
you bought it?
you know, most people would say thank you. In normal and polite society. It's cool. I can stick to insults if you'd prefer?
Random science questions: Why do birds sing more in the morning? Why is most dirt black? Why isn't most sand black?
Boo boo was that Joan rivers n did cee loo have on bishop Eddie long robe?
Recording guitar for the new songs :D :D :D -Michael
aw thank you gorgeous :'D
Yau's new book: "Visualize This" is a nice take on visualization from a statistical POV & provides a great intro to visualization using R.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down. Really sucks when they're concurrent. (At least I'm not anorexic though... Not even a little.)
Is there anything I need to print for Safety Assessment training Wed? #AIA2012 Ready to learn. Thank you.
It's gorgeous outside. Are you joining us on the patio this evening?
Indian night was by FAR my favorite post work-day activity at #IMLPBootcamp. #laughs #dancing #culture. Make it a bootcamp tradition!
read something yesterday that said palins endorsement has scared some of newt's supporters away.
How dare you, sir. 300 level is a clean underwear only section. Stick in PR.
HILARIOUS... & the Oscar goes to... Kourtney Kardashian as Madam F! Wait that's L... LOL ;) BRILLIANT. Many do say that sh!t...
OK, who is in charge of the Facebook "organizer" page?
do they play down to 9 tonight??
Dang, sorry Andy! We'll get on that right now.
Cody Ross = beast
IT WAS AMAYZAYN.
that's make-up day for finals. So I don't plan on going to school that day
If I am ever in the middle of a shooting, I will just lay on the floor and act like someone already killed me.
Best sentence of the day: "Phil Ochs and Tiny Tim and I played at a coffeehouse..."
you rocked the #grammys luv the new single. xo
Cheesecake factory!!!
even better
haphazard summer packing, part 12
Just played: Female Doctor - Miniature Tigers - Mia Pharaoh(unknown).
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other
that's 120 points right there.
Dad's, this Women's History month, start a dialogue with your daughter about becoming a women worthy of the history books.
man i cant find this Kendrick Lamar song
Raymond Knapp: the sound Broadway's mean streets in Guys & Dolls, Wonderful Town, West Side Story, and Company.
Hey lady! Thanks for following my brand.
Thanks! It's still a long way from being published, but it's a step in the right direction! :D
she IS hot, Cowherd is a annoying pussy.
Not much who is this?
thanks for the
i need you <3
On board, bound!
Minecraft is amazing! I love playing on servers :D
hey dave war of SQUIRREL!!!! Sry have a good morning...
Brain is full from this mornings sessions at #AATE -- can't wait for the afternoon sessions!
I think it's on most of the local news channels.
AP English test in a few minutes 😁
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. ♥
WTH? When you get back on here lol and y u ain't get me a pack smh
I love my penis.
Thanks so much for the retweet!
Don't feel bad. They took off Unforgettable, too! :-(
I'm trying to keep up my hydration level up so I can sit through the Penguins, Canucks game.The water snorting has to stop
girl. Its no fun here in Ohio either. Lol.
You do know those people right? lol
The last two Extek 3100 sivler duplicators are making their way to Russia. Not to worry, newer models are still being manufactured!
What is the best new product at the #hpmkt you have seen so far?
I made right now
Don't really have anything to do today, I'm bored
I strongly believe Manu can see the future.
#ThirstyThursday in the loop. Get ready for St. Patrick’s Day with $5 Jameson shots.
Come on pacers
I would like the secret formula as well. Thank you. Have a nice day.
RT : wv supco says same sex couple can keep foster child.
I haven't bought a tshirt in forever. Only dresses and dressy tops lately. I'm very proud of myself. Cause my closet is full of tshirts. 👗
ur being mean today ;(
RT : RT : When boys sing to you, even if they can't sing at all. (':
I'm about to watch twilight for the first time, don't judge me, I'm only doing it because its on TV
I am an uncle!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny mat­ters com­pared to what lies within us.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
it looks so AWESOME!!! XD #nice!! Did your mom let you?(:(:(:(:
are you emailing it... If so you can send it to my management.
ik. i'm hilarious af. nojuan can handle it.
Thanks for the shout-outs! :D
#goodnight tweeps!!! Much love!! 🌙
this is Sonny Joe lol
Anyone know what became of the Houston Origami Festival that used to be held at Tansu?
Lost World has decided to change things up and now we'll only sell VHS tapes and Juggalo merchandise.
another flyers win! Good stuff
These crusty ass shuttle drivers are starting to irritate me
“: Bulls r done...that was torn acl....I've seen that loose knee check before”. Was waiting for the ACL call from someone
Morning high b so ryte
lol im always in the mood to fuck u up smith kisses !
Longworth: NATO cannot swallow Russia: "Too big, too eastern, too nuclear."
"H2O:Supply and Demand" playing at the November Edition of the Enzian Theater Film Slam, in Maitland, FL, this Sunday at 1pm.
Ya know, I get why #pundits think election2012 is gonna be tight, but I would love to see a full sweep against the #GOP! lol
I haven't smoked weed all day I'm about to have a good high tonight 😌😚💨💚💚
#FF Have a wonderful Super Bowl weekend!
Fear is the Emotional Outburst of unbelief -
Bye, Marist. See ya in January. En route to Jersey with
probably because of the Republicans and their evil estate tax cuts expiring.
no, it's like Fight Club: the first rule of being a Hipster is that you deny being a hipster.
#4c12 tomorrow. Be gentle, it's my first time...
Talk about sacrificing for your kids. Sitting through this was pure torture.
Late for work! < Reason for being late ☺! No sleep all day; wtf am I gonna do! Hope it goes by fast.
not too bad to be honest .... Its an OG colorway so u know us old heads had to cop em lol
hopes and have a great time in San Diego and bring me back
I agree - rubrics can too often limit instead of guide. Tough line to walk.
Altavista Soldier Injured in Afghanistan - WSET
": Calling all museums - what are your top 5 language translations within your museum? Thanks. Please RT"
RT Dana is trying to sell me on Chief Keef...not really working /:
For sure! We'll probably break the camera lens with our powerful talent and great beauty! :)
Don't. Read. Comments.
Another successful job complete. Moved another client over to hosting and their site is speedy now :)
Don't leave something good, to find something better. Once you realized you HAD the best, the best has found better.
HELLO BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE!!!
And from crazy boardrooms to a cry fest with Army Wives. Gotta love Sunday night TV lol.
Excellent! Power to the Twitterverse!
#Hawks' Josh Smith doubtful for Game 3 against
Early morning grind!!!!!
Somebody pray for me! Please!
thank you. XOXOXO
Bed sheets cleaned for free on #freefriday . It doesn't matter if you are from #pillowtown, #blanketsburg or
o hai lady
If I'm not too busy playing Minecraft on 360 then I'll come and play tonight!
That's because the version of DarwinCore we are using has become deprecated. We're Working On Improvements.
Luck drafted first and an "RG3" chant breaks out when Luck is introduced on stage. Nice welcome hah!
I forgot what it's like to be bored.
Dear Autumn, I love you. Yours Always, ran and my love of layers
Which creditor do the now-bankrupt Dodgers owe the most money to? Manny Ramirez. I just cried a little on the inside...
aug.22nd at ShadowPlay, In Fear and Faith, Confide, Upon A Burning Body!!
I know this sounds silly, but I couldn't find the #MegaMoon..too much fog?
RIP Michael Joseph Jackson......
Holy crap. That thunder was loud
0-5...you stink! Buck, please bring back Josh Bell.
I'm sorry :/ Boys are assholes at times.
Stoked for the Dov S-Simens 2 day film school this weekend!! Can't wait.
Jersey Shore reunion<3
"Get With Me" by
Contact us & become part of our new Mobile App launching very soon.
YES, the Tank is back!!! RT "Just creating a website is not a business. #sharktank" ,
Finalizing details for NY / Phili trip... up way too late though
i just be like fuck you, what you need? you can't get nothing from me. you was talking shit, now i'm somebody you would love to be.
or... you go...NO!!! YOU TOOK MY LOVE FROM ME YOU SOM' bitch. WAAAHHH!!! and then roll on floor insert tantrum.
at least he got outs!
im fine, you just have to come to the atl
Unfortunately, my st really NEEDS to be an officer ... but he doesn't think he wants to.
this show kills me.
In the back section, A huge selection of #vintage kitchen counter scales...Great deals being offered!
👳 better? IT SNOWS IN MA IMAGINATION
I swear I get more "wrong number" calls than anyone. At least 1 or 2 a day. I don't get it
TGIF! Out of library teaching in computer labs all week. Nice to be in demand but kids need books too. Today is the day, I hope.
You really should! Doors opened at 4, but be sure you get there early, because it'll probably be packed. Hope to see you out!
I remember the afterpains with the third were awful...
Fitness doesn't have to be scheduled in, shipped off to the gym, a big chore, etc. Make it part of your day. Sneak it in:...
Looking for "evil uses" of #SNA ... Is this an urban myth? Colombian drug lords use #SNA to find "snitches"? Any citations appreciated!
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!!
That would work for me, ladies?
