oh... I thought you meant the corner ;)
Sometimes I just want to go somewhere where nobody knows my name .
President Obama's support for gay marriage is another example of how the Democratic Party is the party fighting for civil rights and freedom
Rt “ I don't "act black" enough for the black ppl and I'm "too black" for the white ones #storyofmylife”
Vroom, vroom! We’re giving away a Ducati Monster 626 at next week. Stop by booth #1117 to enter!
at least you are inside because it is so hot and muggy out. Have a good trip.
He is one of my heroes! When he popped up in The Conspirator, I screamed in the theatre!
why ridiculous??
Ewwww. School tomorrow!
haha - you really don't get it, do you?
yeah that grey can go with blue or red elites. And yeah the 4 are coming out in military blue fire red and black
I love working for ChaCha!!!
Wow, that was impressive, 108 yards... an NFL record!
So anxious to watch true blood 2nite and the dvr is set 2 record the vma's.
Loving this second half...KSU @ MU ..what a game.
In case u were wondering, I'm making it to my first summer class on time! 👍
Yay! It's our 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!! Let's make this year amazing!
that song is terrible, just terrible.
chillin' w/ da bestie and we #summertimefine!!! let summer keep on rolling!!!!
Deeply appreciated. Will do, sir. Likewise! ;) - the troublemakers
Well, welcome to Indy, Mr. Luck!
this weekend love?
are you going to the concert with us?
Anyone else tired of the rain yet? 😒
I couldn't agree more
re: children's blogs: cecilia hogan ethics checklist: it it public? accurate? respectful? imp to cultivation? imp to secure gift?
DID HE GET A TICKET?!
who is everybody?? your other hoes??
I just tried to join a group and was told I had reached the maximum # of groups joined. I didn't realize that there was a limit. Has anyone…
we are in Stealth mode for now but will let you know when we have a beta you can explore.
Goodmorning world! Hope everyone has a good day today!
best show ever!
Happy Veterans Day & thanks to those that served for my freedom.. We live in the greatest country!!
Serves to remind you. Injuries happen at anytime. The likelihood of Rose getting hurt didn't go up in the last minute beyond the first one.
My bed at home >>>
Today has gotten more awesome with each hour. Dictionary went live, found an amazing haul of beachglass, warm weather & now Sarpino's 'za!
... Not creepy enough.
Happy Sunday all. Boot camp starts again today.... Yikes!!!
the profile pic is perfect!
"back" for second semester of grad school all the way from Sin City!
"Mean To Me" sounds so good on the radio right now! Come back and visit us soon!
Your income is largely determined by the demand for the thing you provide whether it's a product or a service.
Meeting today with Terry Alford of the Office of Cancer Health Disparities Research (OCHDR). (More...)
woah!! I didn't know anyone else listened to or even knew Dave Malillo
Im sorry I cant be as pretty as those other heartless girls
I mark out at it too.
Yep. ACL Startup party is on the list for today. See you there.
nope, he didn't apologize, didn't say anything. at least he didn't do anything too foolish, either
omg I'm in love! you just introduced me to my new favorite song...<3
we have so many #jonasFansProblems haha
The fight we had last night was my fault, my wife asked me what was on the TV and i said dust.
3 innings and 9 Ks not for Kershaw or Halladay or Verlander or King Felix, but Aaron Harang. And that's why we live baseball.
well good luck cuz I am still sticks on Maths.
08/16/2011 - Networking/Business Development Committee Speaker: Victor Varma, InsureUs Topic: Networking Like a Pro
follow me, i follow back(:
Acting and Spoken Word is popping, but I promise new music soon!
Thank you for the FF!
Are you coming to #Northtoberfest?
I just snagged an ARC of this year's edition - Alice, post-high school! Ah!!!
Everyone eventually leaves, willingly it unwillingly.
wait dissing who??
Done with work! Time to go hit up my favorite local spot! What are you doing tonight?
because im too lazy to get an ice pack for my knee i put my super cold water bottle under my knee... #FeelsGood #Lazy!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
i burnt my head with my hot curlers :-(
One of my coworkers does that cleanse--daily--and looks like Brad Pitt in Thelma & Louise. So frigging unfair...
Being true to God less about cautiously avoiding sin than about courageously & actively doing God's will. Dietrich Bonhoeffer
max & caroline meeting martha stewart in person.
RT : The universe is an expression of the Mind of God, imbued with the intention that all beings self-actualize. We can...
LOVE it!
Everyone has that one friend, who is perverted, you can say Anything and somehow they relate it to sex
I don't know of this is just me but I think Asian people are the most beautiful people in the world, seriously they are born and die sexy!
Gumer's 12 days of Christmas starts Monday! What are you looking forward to seeing?
.: Ever since learning how smell works, I can't help but think about all the poop molecules touching my brain.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." James Barrie
well OK best short film, even michael bay could probably only stretch that to a half hour
hey chica :) hope you're going home to IL for xmas bc that's where I sent your card! miss you.
#Twins have more runs tonight than they have wins this season. Not a stat you'd want to brag about.
My boy should be a true nigga and hook a brother up with some food
Totally late, but check out my niece 's sweet tat! Oh, you young'ns who give me hope for the future.
Came home to find our first wedding registry gift waiting for me! Not a bad suprise
42 days until Orlando.
Is that the app you recommend? I've been using PDF-Notes which is fine but nothing special.
I'm mean to repeat wrong numbers too :o)
To be honest I started to fangirl about #SaySomethin at 7 and I still am <3
It's going to be all about taking care of mum today <3
Rosemarie. Are you poking fun at Haley. U MOFO BULLY.
"RT : free tickets because I talk about still life like I work there.. Plus I'll Breakdance to set the mood right. "
About to make my first screencast for a client. Can't believe I've never thought of this before.
Happy Thursday! :)
So true! I am a Scorpio (DOB: 10/23/62) and that's the essence of my character...
I wish I knew how to make barbecue or teriyaki chicken. Where's is Mom when you need her? lol
just how it goes sometimes... ;)
what did we win?
I had Lucy last night. U r talkin bout the tranny hooker on Vine right?RT : Having my 1st Lucy's experience w/
Tell me by whom you are eaten, and I shall tell you what you will be.
I want to be in the Need For Speed movie. I have driven a Ford lately. Chevy is the King of the road. I've put it in D also.
RT : Canadian govt cuts to Stats Can, libraries & archives show they want to eliminate facts in policymaking, whether for or against
"Stewardesses" is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
Hello, Friday. Good to see you again.
im sick. Ill be okay. so rest will do me good
good point
My comment:- “we often say that ‘money’ is not everything but the fact is that there is nothing without ‘money’
#Angry. : WHAT TYPE OF SUPPOSE TO BE FANS ARE YOU?"
Michigan doc arrested for prescribing 5M doses of narcotics, $5.7M Medicare fraud.
i cant wait till step up 4 comes out!! how many times do you come out :)
Come on Caron!!
when?! AH it's going to be tough for me because I work all weekend and exams are next week :( then the week after that I
you need to start tweeting some more lol
the developer king of Bacardi mucho love 💗💗
Oh yeah, it's a complete waste of money... Until you win $640 million! Haha
Google Analytics Social Reports Get Backlink URLs, Post Titles
Didn't someone write a post on momentum a little while ago?
Tired about to try to go to sleep, after iGet his phone call
R#pink if you care!
yeah. me too.
Just saw somebody try to hail a bus
Have you checked out our massage therapist yet??? What's keeping you? Heaven knows you have no stress, right?
what do u mean? please say more...
There's alotta girls on this bed
Well it's Haha I was being stupid and forgot to switch accounts. Lolol & nm, you? :) xx
im scarying myself..i dont get why i do this..
The notes never got down to Jackson and Barnett
yea but if u cut yes then I'll cut mine! ;)
Show your mama some love with our Mother's Day Gift Card Bonus!!! Get 15% more back on your card!
Yes, I'm delayed too. Ugh! Looks like I'll be hanging out at K4 for another couple of hours...Good luck getting home!!
Hopeful is good. We are, too! Can we get a 'heck, yeah!' for some economic boom times already?!!?!?
You were so clutch down the stretch in OT. Never a doubt. Good luck on Tuesday!
Nope, Talking Heads. Final answer.
flashblock in chrome no longer blocking autoplay of youtube videos on youtube. what happened?
Havent been on tumblr in a min
LOL. LET'S TREND ' Chris Brown is a Rusher ' !!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
I think i'll step out tonite after school! I deserve it!
I love my bicycle. I don't think I tell it enough.
Why thank you! Hope you found the examples useful - I know I need them on a slow day!
Nice!!! I should do the same RT I have decided that today will be my Friday😊
Colds suck. #goaway 😷
Just bought some sand and bricks at Home Depot - Now, that is some major "Manly" stuff right there. Wait, bought some flowers too. Dammit.
We had a great time at #suserviceday earlier today!
This hazelnut coffee is brightening up my monday morning! ☀☀☕
Don your Phidippides gear & come cheer with us from the tent at mile 18 of the Atlanta Marathon this Sunday!
The pattern for Babe Ruth's bat is listed as "template #R43" in the Louisville Slugger's archives.
Made it to #socialbashORL... Lots of great people here like
DailyHookahTip#103: When using 2 hoses, if there's no built in one-way valve, the person not inhaling should plug the hose.
Nearly 200,000 visits to website yesterday! Keep staying connected and talking up #indy!
Congratulations Tiger! Clearing the past and making your comeback!
If you are over age 10 and your sneakers still have lights in them, you need a reality check.
now you tell us!
Marion Barber is doing God's work.
my moma just said that if she saw me crying for a guy shed slapp me and say 'i taught you better than that'...honesltyy i agree with her
Got to talk at the Graduate Methods session of #thatcampva, yay! Now, lunching and dork shorts (not an article of clothing)!
I wish I knew who that was! Haha
learning about polling at a conference. i want to stand up and scream "LIBRARIANS HAVE BEEN DOING THIS FOR YEARS"
Roger Waters: The Wall Live VIP Package sales will close 3 weeks prior to show! Exclusive VIP Party & VIP Tour Packages still available...
Oh, geez... maybe I was. I didn't open it.
Call me and Artist, because I draw attention.
It's the last day of #IRA2012!! What is your favorite memory of the convention? Share it with us!
Im in a deep depression state right now...please leave me alone..wouldn't be on deviantart for a while..
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything.6
I never got the question ;(. Talk to me goose!!!
My pancakes are better, but there's no tequila at IHoP.
#IFYOULOVEME u won't be a jerk
This year I'm thankful that the best WRs in the country play for Arkansas
Please tweet your followers to follow me and spread the word about my services. Thanks in advance.
Thank you!
Wrong place at the wrong time.
>>>New Avi is really nice :)
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing- that's why we recommend it daily.
Hope this is true. Dave Van Ronk is one of my musical heroes!
How was the chili cook off for #LLS ? I was sad to miss it. Did you win?
Gonna try online dating. Profile status- "Sticks & stones may break my bones but whips & chains excite me." Prob get real winners w/that.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Theta chapter at May 5, 1975. Happy Founders Day !
hey justin today is my birthday, can you please tweet me?
I gotta say, is definitely in it to win it.
are you done being mean?
Don't be a hater RT lol can i ask why this sounds like a novel idea to you?
Thanks for joining us!
I was in VA last week & the mountains are so colorful with foliage, the #wine was as crisp & remarkable as the #scenery!
Allison is in labor...baby Claire will be here soon!
I'm not sure what you mean, I shoot Canon (5D) and as long as you have the Composer for Canon mount, both optics work with it.
you have no idea how happy I am you followed me. I need this more than ever!
that particular one did because I had an error so I re-sent it. Usually only once- I use Reverbnation to post all.
thanks Eden! Love you! Tell your mommy I'm unhappy with her :) jk!
Wana puta stripper pole in my room
still remember that day
nothing yet. As soon as I know ...
Lovely story about RAF pilots buzzing sunbathers! RT : Cool!! Great way to spend the day :)
I'm funny
Cleared to run.
Thanks for tweeting!
Is there fun syracuse stuff I can just crash?
At the Cardinals game with the kids and the parents. :-)
thanks for listening homie!
y cause u ain't. Lol
oh you fancy huh lmao
Thank you for the follow!
same to u girl, hope u enjoy this next move!
Iona blowing the 25 point lead in their play-in game
hah. it's scenic. that's about it.
I Loved You, I Love You & I Will Love You.
bruised bone,pulled ligaments&I broke blood vessels so I have blood leaking in my hip😰No gym for rest of the year!
RT : for the Signature event & I am readying my brain for the download! Great content & terrific speakers- 96°!
Love it! Gleaning insights w/ impact from data. RT : Professional potential indicator of effective sales person at Swarovski
I never got that text.
Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldn't have. And then I end up fucking with someone I shouldn't have....
HEY I JUST MET YOU & THIS IS CRAZY SO HERE'S MY # SO CALL ME MAYBE?!?! [; lol.
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneerof the future ~DeepakChopra
you're right about that! Love that place.
Who has a snow day today?!
Hughes&#039; struggles cap troubling day for Yanks - Error
contingency plan if IJ inexplicably doesn't get picked up?
Shear Da Beard!! ha ha We hope you had a great time! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Thank you! ": Congratulations and beat wishes to and on their wedding today!!"
Danish restaurant ranked world's best for 3rd year
I deserve it?! Well thanks aha. Omg dude you're just making me blush. I look like a tomato right now..
the last episode of EHM was good, but its a degraded version of its first season already...
yeah they r awesome
As always, thanks for the RTs! :)
you guys were amazing tonight! And you guys are so sweet:)thanks for coming out after the show & saying hi & taking pictures
Hey gorgeous lady, where you planning on attending Miss USA in vegas jun 3rd at all? I am dieing to go!! <3
Okay sorry guys but we have to report that Build Day is canceled and we will not have a Build Day this Saturday.
Yes they do! :) RT #BGSD knows where to hire the best interns, don't they?
Just a few days now until we will be serving our "Hill City Hots" from our enclosed food trailer...I'm saving your favorite Dog for you !
lol Ugggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I bored and I dht have a boo
haha.. just sayin..big game tomorrow.. catch those z's and eat your wheaties in the mornin! Gotta beat up Butler
#FF do-over (and a merry happy birthday) to !
We have to understand that we have to take the initiative if we want things changed. That's the game, so stop riding the bench!
it's all good :) just wanted to say hi since you said nobody was
We Miss You Selena.
Arrived in Warsaw mid-day, rainy and cold. Spent the day learning about the Musuem of the History of the Jews of Poland. Wonderful day.
it was refreshing not having it rain or be cold. Everyone seemed happier because of that :0)
beba, you inspire me. I hope my kids are as well behaved and smart as yours
I can't think of anything cool to ask you...
*snort* RT Happy 65th birthday too
exactly lol but it made me laugh
Someone is seriously playing titanic music right outside my hotel room. At 11:45. While I'm trying to sleep. K thanks.
T-2 is saying "You're the best Mom ever and don't you forget it !" lol ;-)
Yolo ; that's the motto , #gtfo you quote everything #drake says . it just means your a follower #be independent
It's funny hearing you bitch about some guy you liked when that was the same guy I had a couple months before you 😏 #theyneverchange tehehe
Special treat! private label wine – “A Voice for the Animals” Syrah will be available for tasting & purchase at the #ChocoTweetup!
Oracle Announces Availability of Advanced Metering Infrastructure Vendor Adapters for Oracle Utilities Smart Grid ...
tonight at legroom in da building! come in and get yo buzz on!
happy birthday to one of the most inspirational men in my life, <3
Best Jordans ever. The 4's are a close second. RT : Jordan cool grey 11's came out today! yea buddyy
im scared of kittens. LOL JK.
for lunch w showing Scarpetta!
ooohhh thought u was talkn bout me for a sec there 😳
ok I give up
Special Day @ Nelson house. 1st day the whole family works from home. Cool to think Asher wont remember mom or dad having 'go 2 the office'
how common is this though? I am sure Bo isn't the first or last to do this.
I can't see the emoji lol
I have a 3 for the price of 2 coupon. ;^)
where's mine? lol
Food Fact of the Day: April 9, 1850 William Prout died, he was the first to classify food into 3 main divisions - carbs, fats and proteins.
how the hell are you?!! :)
I love my sparkly toe nails! <3
“: “: I wish was here to turn up with me right now #Awol” Its not a party if Gibsons not there”
Money cannot buy happiness, but its more comfortable to cry in a Mercedes than on a bicycle.
Please email your idea to .
"I refuse to believe we live in a world where that mouth breathing walrus does anything better than me"
Bre you ain't call me !!!
don't sleep on them they in the playoffs for a reason and we need Chris Bosh
Hanging with before the show! Get to Sunshine Studios in CO Springs to see them play! Doors are at 6:30!
I know it's awesome
Damn, Amare is doing his best Run, nice chain and hat
RT : "Insist on yourself. Never imitate."-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Powerful time sharing communion this morning Shouldn't have waited 13 yrs to try it. Very moving experience for everyone.
Sounds fantastic!
Dim Mak Studios tonight, goals: punch a bro, sleep with a lebanese chick, meet a nigga i REALLY don't trust and give him one of my ex's #'s
happy Tuesday! What is on the agenda today?
you gonna try out next season?
thanks lady! Xxoo
RT Happy Monday Hatters! Your goal today? BE BOLD.
Make me your follow friday bitches!!!! X
prayers up boo!!!
Watching "Dancing With the Stars" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
aww yeah you is playing with the 17s yall lost bad??
This is the Nothing is ever right. ...but the rules are the rules.
good one for sure maybe u can join me and Kevin Werner in our ritual Thursday onion texting of best headlines
the WWL news blast had that too! Someone needs to proofread! (Phew, no typos:)
I can appreciate Kobe telling the truth and calling out his teammates
now that looks like a meal!!!!!! yum nomnom. nom.
I couldn't figure out whose it was. Can I go in and credit you? :-)
food coma.
good things come to those who wait :)
Best interview ever? just sang "It's Time To Party" to and me over the phone. See him on Sunday.
I thought you were wearing a headdress the whole time.
what should I do when I don't want to do anything?
and i knew that song before it was on the radio :(
I look forward to hearing the words "Minority Leader " and better yet "Former " (someday).
Ashley: "Tommy accepted my friend request on Facebook!" Me: "Tommy is a shitbag."
I just sent a big message out into the universe. I pray that it's well received and that people will be receptive. All I can do is wait now.
More than 10 percent of children between the ages of 2 and 5 are overweight, double the proportion since 1980!
Starting with the Outback Bowl. Football all day
Embroidered while she munched on a cucumber, of course.
I just lost 20 mins of my life at the Starbucks drive thru for a $2 coffee.
#BieberMemory at the concert, we were going up the escalator & i fell on it & everyone looked and starred. funniest thing of life
isn't it weird to think: she was 2 when we were living in Allison Hall. Time sucks.
Just started following you...hope your wife is okay.
GM Beauties! InnerQuote: "The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity".-Tom Peters
I just did. :) RT : Why don't you text me anymore?
lucky Hope your having a fantastic time !
Barkley in a dress for Weight Watchers, NFLers in Depends adult diapers. My fave PR rule: be controversial. Love brands taking a chance.
i just died of happiness :) made a pretty awesome weather girl. my night just got better
How could anyone dislike Dirk
": Ignore a #Scorpio and they will make sure you never forget them."
“: See you soon! RT Going to be headed out to the event today! Excited!”
q Legal and beautiful
Commercials so-so so far...wondering what's up with Tibetan fish stew
what about female team execs? Keep the focus on women and tell a story that isn't told.
I got a new phone yay me :D
So. I've decided that if I ever buy clothes. It will be only from banana republic. That's my shit. All day err day!
Hey, you've got nothing to be sorry about! Trades are part of the business.
For realz. I wish this was the only thing keeping me from running for office.
hit up for info.
TBS's Conan Blimp flying over Baltimore right now.
Romney commits to, before the decade is out, landing a man in his Swiss bank vault, & returning him safely to the US
and it seems the NYFG's getting their swag. cant be ignored....they will not be impacted by Lambeau much.
Let's go Rangers!
They were probably on an acid trip
Joe will be in West Seattle this afternoon, cleaning air ducts & 2 loveseats...
Hahahahaha. He must be going to the Delt house to see Turtle Man
I want a boyfriend.
IF YOU NEVER HEARD THE SONG HERE IT IS NEW POP SINGLE VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT AT CLUB ZONA LATINA THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!!!!!!
I love this month no drama Justin bieber boyfriend video Justin bieber turn to you! :D oh yeah it's Amazing ps I love that song turn to you
thanks Elizabeth! :)
Hello, my name is Monique, and I'm a coffee addict and I regret nothing.
i start my internship in the morning, too! good luck girl :)
Follow she follows back! :P <3
RobWay selected his twitter name b/c it describes #GOP Way= #GOP ROB from Americans 2 get Their WAY= #GOP ROBWAY!
Join me for First Thursday tomorrow in the Pearl 13th & Johnson with Extreme Training - Special Offers! #pdx events
they don't say it's more beautiful than usual, they're just slightly more likely to notice it
Baseball is the most boring sport....... Ever. #isitfootballseasonyet?
am i the only one not watching the steeler game?
"I stay cool & dig all jive. That's the way I stay alive." HBD to Langston Hughes (pretty much Uptown's first MC).
#hay #i #like #austin #carter #mahone #& #i #also #like #using #hashtags #cause #im #just #cool #like #that #you #jelly ;)
It's not a purse, it's called a satchel. Indiana Jones wears one.
RT YOU CAN GET SHOT FOR WHAT YOU WEAR? THEN HOW COME NO ONE SHOOT WHITE PEOPLE FOR WEAR CROCS
"Too many ontologies are created" like "too much is published". Best if many participants & good ways of IDing most valuable stuff.
If somebody tells you that you can't reach your goals, don't bother telling them you can, show them.
Since Ricketts sold Cubs' soul to Boston leadership, anybody know if they'll be serving baked beans at Wrigley next season???
two things in common. Zombies and we are both quality
I Swear i Have Bad Luck!
they're here...
srry i didn't reply back, i fall a sleep, how r u?
tix to what? gr8 org u have! we do the same thing 4 mentally disabled
I think #Twitter is trying to reinvent the wheel again because everything from Timelines to DMs is screwed up.
Agreed! :) " Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you."
So what did you think of it?
Would love to write songs with you <3
im bout to come up!
no, i don't. it drives my wife crazy.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know your voice is amazing! :D
If you want an independent Massage Therapist, but are not comfortable coming to his location, have him come to yours
Government's business is in governance, and ensure people get the representation they need. - Mofe Boyo of
Headed to Louisville. Meet me at Koinonia Christmas! Tonight 7p in HH. If you can help, set up starts 3p. See you there!
Bernalillo County Sheriff Deputies investigating fatal pedestrian accident at Isleta & Sanders in SW
I want a MacBook so bad now.
Will there ever be an end to music?
tell me who's there
Good job(: I knew you would! 👍😃
Guys with thick eyebrows >>>>
Rom 4:5 But to him not working, but believing on Him justifying the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.
Cleaning my room. Bobby pins. Everywherre.
You're going to suffice in your own vagina . Yeah it's that big .
#Thethingis u complicate my life, u make me fall for u nd then u just push me to the edge
I wonder how will it taste.
Thanks so much for your kind mention. Hope you like my work. Dr. Doug
“: Srsly. We have problems in this country & these morons are asking whether Obama is a socialist. Sad pack of fools.”
respectfully disagree. Everybody likely wishes they had a 'do-over' at one point in their life.
ppl jus stupid nowadays
Join us at 9&11 am Sunday for the lesson "Now is the Time:God Given Opportunities". Lesson by Rev Pat, meditation by Rev David Belton,...
Bomb dot com
I finally ordered a Road ID. Don't have one yet? Do it now. Coupon ThanksChris5706423 saves a buck - valid 30 days www.RoadID.com
If you didn't know...Mammograms are now a part of preventative care, which means no deductible or co-pay cost with your health insurance...
8 of 10 succeed in that program.
you ate in one of my favorite cities! Don't skip the market!
Anyone else tuned into the press conference right now?
a! We ♥ u guys! If it wasn't for u, might still be d
Big sister has a new video!!! OMG, eff work, I'm about to watch this! lol
ha! Flip side: stopped txting some b/c they never txted back. When I ran into them they asked why I don't reach out anymore.
Anyone under 21 didn't get the relevance or know Zombie's entrance music
aww thanks so much :) means a ton!! you deserve way more subbers <3
NYT's Collins: Problems with education are evolution and states' ownership of NCLB. How about the 25 year failure to teach reading?
Then I can't come then. What are we going to do?
We're honored to host the BNI Mountains West Networking Group (Movers & Shakers Chapter), Wed, 12/21, 11:30AM to 1PM. Cheers!
The technology is a tool. Theories and principles are still the same. Need to adapt theories & principles to new tools
Why my old profile still da same
Thanks for the love babe!!! #MuPhi!!!
I'm on a mission #soexcited!
I think I found my happily ever after :)
why Ru moving
Happy Haitian flag day !!! Haiti stand up !!!
What's my name again?
“: #AGirlDeserves Your undivided attention. Don't ever take her for granted.” see what I mean... Told you
Just passed Brian Wilson on union street in sf. He was carrying a yoga mat. Fear the beard!
I need a therapist.
My phone has water damage and now I am using an old backup phone. I feel so antiqueted without a smart phone.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects
I read my horoscope and I can't wait to see what today bringsz
Completed my 4 1/2 miles on the trail and feeling good!!!
I don't have service on my phone right now :(
I love the aggregated congressional tweets one! What a great idea.
- just a messenger - i missed putting in the attribution
R.I.P. Whitney
So today in #DFW the railroad commission is looking to approve a bullet train from the D to H-town in 1hr hmm I wonder how it'll work
Dear people who question why girls go to the bathroom together? Hermione went alone and got attacked by a troll Haha i saw this and love it
who am I to crush any ones dreams ?
battle of the floppers next..
hahaha my sister adopted some girl's pet and the girl sent her a message about it so my sister added her.
I like your bedside comment from last night
you will never notice me or follow me back so sad :( thinking about giving up on you
I honestly don't think anyone knows how much means to me </3 I wish I could explain my feelings for this boy
This salad with 's chicken is incredible! 🍴
Yes I can.
- I LOVE Princeton too. Just everything about him makes me smile.!!!!!!
congrats on the re-design. keep up the good work ... love filmanthropy. looking forward to the fiction films.
M&A Tip of the Day-When selling your business, make sure your all your financials are in order. This will help greatly with due diligence.
Thanks a lot to for having me on in Baltimore to talk some #Caps on !
Flipped on & am happy to hear I'm less happy to hear the fashion-ignorant callers.
I'm wearing mr #Rams hoodie over them....no one can tell :)
RT if you like --- it's FREE pretzel day today!! Come to TCA for your pretzel!
3200 at 100/200-25a #wsop34. Dinner break in an hour hope I'm still in then!
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake!!!!
But I need pics of teachers randomly for the historian video :/
I can't be yo super man....
LOL RT "I need some pussy. Here kitty kitty"
We haven't had success with either (unless really small site), we migrate manually. We work on remote site (but both work well)
Really hope this happens RT : everybody drools over LeBron all year as he wins the #MVP. Then he never shows up in the playoffs
RT : Netherlands dep ambassador says women's rights not just nice to have but a global security imperative
#Caffeine #Addicted Best Thing Ever.
Shopping, heading to Clear Harbor RT hey, what are you and doing in waupaca today?
": I will always be a fool for the game I love !baseball !" U love cameras. U don't love baseball, be honest with yourself
where are you! L.a.?
1st audition of the year on Wed. Let's get it crackalackin'!
hell yeah bro.. I'm anxious
I love biology and thick rimmed glasses.
XD Oh dear. Should I be concerned?
No complaining... All smiles... Fuck I look like letting you bring me down while your happy... Fuck out of here
Final playoff game this weekend, GMEN V PACK. I would not be surprised if NY pulls an upset...I just can't pick it. Packers 44 Giants 24
#FlyMeToLondon so i could live there forever please
Tweeps - Do you know of any insightful school librarians I should follow on twitter?
Had a great weekend with my bae
AT&T says they cover 97% of Americans. I'm the 3%
Have you ever had a herniated disk?
#ThingsILookFor DAT PUSSY!! Ok not really..
We have a 6th sense for detecting the people who get hangovers ;)
It sure didn't feel that long - does that mean it's now Saturday? And I can go home?
is Standing up 2 Cancer: Friday @ 8pm on every network!
RT : was the 1st person in line for the iPhone4S in Las Gatos' Apple Store this am. Nice tribute 2 your friend Jobs! URock!
I'd really like to know what McDonald's workers think of coneing...xD
Jesse Jackson Sr. and Andy Thayer in front row at debate.
Zooey, do you really need to use Siri to tell you whether it's raining as you're standing at the window, watching it rain?
follow me ?
what, you're flying to Sea again? =D
“:doing great! It's been to long since I have seen you. We definitely need to hang when I come back to LA!
Looking forward to catching up with you at #ncte! I'm going to follow you around and soak up some wisdom!
Powerful lunch stroll with TU kiddos that've taken over Broad St. Can't wait to hook back up at Penn later
Im To Busy Sleeping Lol.
Free Open bar all day until 5 at Karma lounge 5th/congress. Spread the word! Open to the public! Free massages from 2-5pm!
says Mary has a "tender loving ghost"
The daughter has YET to settle on a costume 4 2nite. The son's waiting to the very last minute at which time he'll throw something together.
More girls talk dirty during sex than guys.
New Specials, Chef has put together delectable delights featuring the beef burger (The Bonanza), turkey burger(Georgia) & veggie(The Lydia)!
never thought I'd say this but I actually wanna go back to school (I miss JJ and Blaise)
oh no. Like.. ass in your face?
yeah just have them put it in a plastic bag like the Canadians do.
Good thing I'm not sleeping tonight. I'll keep one on the yard.
my last night as a 21-year-old, gotta celebrate like one
Feel better soon, sweetie!
Hey Guys! It's great to see some new followers! :) ♥
Good luck to at the Pam Am Games in Brazil!
Fuck everyone that left the #Brewers game early. Don't come back. We don't need u
Yup. It's happenin. You have no control over it. You will now forever be known as, "Gorilla Girl".
the bomb
Cheer loud when you see the most amazing ArtWalk "float" at the Coast Guard festival parade tomorrow. Unique is an understatement.
Listen at work today. More tickets up for grabs before 6pm!!!
Veep! Starring Julia Louis Dreyfus. New HBO show.
1963 - Peter, Paul & Mary win their 1st #Grammy for “ If I Had a Hammer”
Summer and art: what's the best way to get two things together?
I know, right?!
Ready to get off work and get some grubb.
She Snapped:DD
when twitter says what's happening it reminds me of zayne vas happening?
i honestly don't know how you live with yourself. you're the piece of shit for saying that to who is the nicest
Go for the Spanish Fly. One of my favorites :)
Santoromentum?? Please stop,
2 an a half men....the best in sarcastic comedy!!!
Happy veterans day
There is a twitter war going on in Turkey right now, intertwined with twitterbots sending random tweets to be famous
. story about Zach Tomaselli retraction went viral because of the power of social media -
LMFAOOOOO one of my friends say that I pack "guns".... AND HE'S A GUY! XD I didn't know I hit THAT hard or I had muscles. I never noticed...
The Zingaro is on UNM campus right out side the student union building, so if your on campus stop by and get a great lunch!
Good news for the guys : is debuting Tower 20 beer tonight at 5. Get out of the office and go across the street!
How many points did Patty Mills need to win the scoring title?
Funny- because its true... RT : ": I hate two-faced people. It’s always so hard to decide which face to slap first.
jp... It should go both ways... If you aint satisfied wit whatchu got
maybe I learned Lisp too early, no matter how amazing a language I'm studying I know it will never match Lisp's beauty and flexibility
Why did I text her FUCKKKKKKKKKK
Congrats to the Coyotes! Hockey history was made. Very cool!
Pretty sure I just heard someone on ESPN Radio call it "Chez Ravine". Is this some new French bistro next to Dodger Stadium?
cuz #ravens know they stink at it: Doss, DReed, JHarper, Marcus Smith, Demtrus Williams, MClayton. Why waste another pick?
you're cute ily
RT : when we empower our students to lead (and give them room to make mistakes) that is when we're truly serving them.
At cookout y da hell dis person taking so long to order! Ugh
#MilwaukeeDictionary Victims: Victors popular lounge on Van Buren often filled with thirsty cougars who prey on younger men.
Yeah its a straight steezz
its so hot.
And winter break has begun! More time with family and more time on the court
Thanks #Follow check her out!!
lol its ok. He can troll my dreams any night. Yawns lol
Nice glove save by Nabokov with 25.2 left in 1st period.
I forgot I had my glasses on.. I hate blind tanning!!!
Your problem is you're... too busy holding onto your unworthiness. ~Ram Dass
Oka everybody understand this.. Just because you see a light skinned girl and boy together does not mean they are brother and sister.
Ur slogan's so #winning haha
I have never had WHATABURGER :(
finally at gate. jeesh. now five hour flight. will be exhausted and it will only be 130 pm there
Dave and Adrian do not want to hear my rant on how great, Great Wraps is.
Just told a worm with low self-esteem that it look really nice today. It blushed, then passed out.
That's cuz the beach ppl know what's up RT they went awesome the beach people like me
God bless America. RT : America's Funniest Home Videos has been on for 23 years.
How is MONDAY treating everyone?
Just had a lovely visit with some people from NY! Hope they decide to officially submit a recipe for our Drink of the Month contest.
And another chance...
Get some social skills with #socialfluency before your next event or night out
If we get Bennett and UCONN transfer Oriakhi we should at least have the overall #2 class if not the #1 for the 4th straight year!
Bout to get dressed then off to school
how old is she?
"I thank you for this pen and ink ammunition. Thank you for the inspiration."
CAN i have ur gamertag??? PWEEAASEES? i got all the new zombie maps, plus im like 4th prestige! :D
no idea actually what do u suggest
I don't follow racing, can they start the race after something like that? Seems the heat would damage the track.
So unbelievably tired right now, with a few hours to go.
Expect some new tracks to be dropped in the next couple days off our upcoming EP Travellers, and get ready for
I guess were all as fucked as we should ever be than. I say embrace it...
"what restaurant isn't farm to table?"- Thomas Keller. Um most of them are not. I don't agree with this flippant dismissive response
Thanks Sammy!
good morning meteorologist
Abandoning run | For now anyway. Seems wise. | But then.... holding call! |
Playing a little #CallofDuty #MW3 while we wait for The Big Bang Theory to start.
Decided to wait until now to begin travel to #stallis. Waiting for traffic to die down, FTW!
Picked my mom up from the train station... So tired
Britney is still sexy for her age, STOP! Lol. 😔
preciate the words of wisdom..no ones too good advice
wants to know what is your favorite #popcorn flavor. Give us a shout and you might see your favorite on the Popped! truck.
for WTF Wednesdays. $1500 bucks up for you including top pay out of $1000. Everyone is invited.
are you bullet proof?
College students, start your Summer off right... come hang tonight Awesome worship & preaching, Jesus + Krispy Kreme
Tweet Tweet?
DS: George Zimmerman was wearing a Steelers jacket when he was released on bond. Figures. Fuckin' Steelers fans killing people...
I have just discovered that if you mistype "to get" in just the right way, autocorrect makes it "Tibet" Not even close.
I've got family obligations and Pebble is several hours from me, what about coming to S.F. for the US Open?
Who dat second half
I'm About To Break It Off With You . Cause I Can't Take The Bullshit You Put Me Through !
My dog is hardcore judging me atm.
Thanks - Looking forward to your updates!
Call to the post
* mass producing tutus*
Noted! Thanks.
Innovative men. Entrepreneurial spirits :
Ur so busy saying why?...but I'm thinking why not.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY! =D
That fast lyfe ain't it! Specially if u ain't bout dat! Do somethin positive n focus on bball or football or somethin! Straight up!
Q: How do evangelicals react to politicians who wear that religion on their sleeve?
W00t soon to be Mr. Kate! Hurray.
why are we moving? is the house haunted?
I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's.
Memphis Music Monday is at it again! Join us and the Memphis and Shelby County Music Commission Monday May 7th for a night of live music!
Food Fact of the Day: March 15, 1980 McDonald's debuts Chicken McNuggets in Knoxville, Tenn. They are so popular a 2nd supplier is needed
hahah people would be like who the fuck is this person
RT "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." - Abraham Lincoln, 1809-1865
RT : This lady just asked me, "Why do the Wynn and Encore look exactly the same?" Why?? Because they're both strip clubs???
I have been eating everything I can jajajaa;)
Oh right, I've actually done that before, but it was called something else. I couldn't tell if it helped me or not
First Degree Murder , You Can Get Yo Degree Motherfucker .
going with sonic boom nail polish... maybe it will help motivate me to get some homework done on a sunny spring day ;)
wow! two giants coming together. How much per latte? $20? haha
Congrats #Rangers. Anything that allows me to look at Lundqvist in HD is ok by me.
www.SaveTodayCentral.com is here for you! The best one-stop site for all the daily deals in Oklahoma City. Click and find your savings!
oh okay,that sounds great!
but I have cramps all the time 'till like the 4th day
How many ppl should I expect want to join in a Google+ Hangout tomorrow 1 pm about #mhblogday? Trying to keep expectations in check.
I'm bad at lit.
if it were Jose Canseco bobble head day I would consider. This is good though.
Someone asked billionaire Ricard Branson "How do you become more productive?" His answer, "Work out"
we're load testing for LanDiego :P
Narrating our adaptation of JC Superstar at Peace UMC this morning
In a good way or a bad way? RT Reidy My bedroom smells like a bowling alley
I don't know, but he had enough attitude to make you think he's been at it 50 years! He mellowed out after a bit, though.
I am so not ready to focus on baseball
Join us tomorrow beginning at 11am for $1 Street Tacos! Beef, Chicken or Veggie - all proceeds benefit the Whole Planet Foundation!
I'd like a large pizza. One slice pepperoni. Once slice cheese. One slice...
yuck I'm watching up haha have you seen Nathan's new video?!?! Omg so cute
I told her she was extra, then she got mad and walked off back to her register and baged this lady groceries. Smh
Moms Cooking Next Door To My Room In The Kitchen And She Has Acuyuye Blasting #AlguienAyudame -____-
News Leonard, Chappell tied for Disney lead Justin Leonard chipped in three times for birdies in a span of five holes to hel
You're Gonna Look So Beautiful Ari!! (: xx
Ready to get the fuck out of Intermediate School. -_-
yeah.. For
Literally had that exact same experience just now.
I am disappointed since Channel 55 no longer airs Jeopardy at 5:30 PM
you're not the only one :c
I don't like being home alone!
Thanks for the RT. ;) Miss you guys!
Ah ha
That sounds about right.
Thanks for coming in tonight!
Mines not its amazing, but like a cop if youu try to stop ull have to taze me......uh!
You're our 700th follower!! Congrats! Will you be able to attend #bloodybrunch on Sunday to pick up your prize?
tea and company
Watching #RAW :-D
Just watched LONDON TO BRIGHTON. Its a dope bt crazy movie.
I hate crying.
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, no...
Such a sexy song. #nowplaying bloodstream by
Just visited your site, Lovely! So exciting for high schools to provide this kind of experience. Break a leg!!
Do you know when? I'm driving back from Jackson, MS this afternoon...
5 free doughnuts from for Drew's A's today!!
and so are you!!
I hope you win that jean jacket on !
Carmelo just tied it, now he'll end it
When driving down the road of life, rarely do you know how good you have it, until you see it in the rear-view mirror.
why thank you...how is the #knee?
God’s power can change things in a heartbeat, in the twinkling of an eye, before you even know it, in a split second, God can do a miracle.
Next up on social media analytics. Looking forward to this presentation as I'm still not used to the new Google Analytics
Sprint burned my ass,now im back to straight talk! I dont have to worry about bills!
In past few months I have gone thru a roller coaster of changes, big challenges in my life. After a cloudy season, skies seem clearer now.
hahah that's cool :) what kind of phone did you get?
potential new bandmates to audition this week- stoked w/ fingers crossed!
hahahaha no you legit don't
what are u doing?
Hope everyone is off to a good Monday!
Today's Feature: Fried Chicken Sandwich w/ bacon, LTO & roasted red pepper spread on brioche bun Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
Did you know a Living Wage is good for the local economy? More $$ in the pockets of residents = more customers for local businesses!
puhhhlease back me up on this.. school food was THE POOP! Every time sum1 brings it up I think of u, we loved it! lol
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for kids with ADD/ADHD can help the whole family handle the disorder.
can you imagine the chaos? German shepherds barking. Kids crying. Sounds like something from Nazi Germany!
Stomach on full
Bride told me the only single guy at her wedding will be her 4 yr old nephew. I hope he likes my dress.
Do people in Mexico celebrate the 4th of July the same way Americans celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
Great #Doodle for Charles Dickens 200th birthday today (did you need a link to google?)
When your 📱has "°" that symbol and you know your fucked<<
David Ortiz will stay in Boston after accepting arbitration
not if Denver signs Manning
Is it positive or negative you be the judge
good luck! you can do it!
And I'll be here by the ocean just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams.
thank you dear
please follow me. My day has been terrible. Hopefully one good thing might happen today.
Oh Emma Stone looks so incredibly glam - love her dress!!
That looks very cool! ;-)
Hi there. Your best bet is to call the hostess to check on cancelations. We hope to see you soon! -Rachel (Stanton & B&E)
the oyster inside of me is deadd
Thank you. Nice to see you here at the studio for
Let ya next move be ya best move.
thanks for sharing Francis!
Networking 101 should be a required course.
It's not the situation that determines the reaction,the steps of a righteous man are ordered by the Lord,,so you and God got this.
Hope not! All this spam is incredibly annoying
Can't wait 2 see y'all in Houston! : Happy
For those of you who said "I wish people would celebrate Jesus the way they do MJ," until I see Jesus moonwalking across my TV, no deal.
#Chiefs Romeo has such a calm and decisive presence in press conferences. He knows his vision for this team and how they will get there.
Oh my... RIP Whitney Houston :( the greatest. She was in an elite group of singers. I love you.
no she doesn't.
hahah... Today was probably the 3:30 day? I don't even remember when I told you that ;) Can we share the assistant?
#quote "Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action." ~ Benjamin Disraeli
People are going to smoke weed regardless.. The government Might as well make it legal and make money off that shit
Off to off-season baseball practice
Switch to the plain text editor for videos. Rich text always auto embeds unless you force in a hyperlink.
No problem!
To be in the medical field is cool; to be in law school is tough; but to be in the world of art is beautiful.
bible cn b a good tool 4good or evil (judging/manipulating) let's be mindful that our conscience is the best guide.
Rangers showing some heart in Denver tonight...
My mother is Officially A Chef :)
don't forget about sword boy. Unless he kills himself..... He did fuck up
a lot of people don't got to jail for murder, & no one knows what he did to make him kill him
Unruly 3.5 year old+being late=ugly Mommy.
so we drive in 5 min to the airplane to dresden,from dresden we fly to Frankfurt and then to New Haven :D :D.
White males get kicked around too.,mostly by white females. It is UNFAIR to WHITE MALES .Nobody gives us a break, we are always the bad guys
.... no RT : People who drink stink too.
be ready to toss the ball around
Sometimes my parents piss me off so much
umm all week?are you working on your birthday? whatever day you're not we are doing ALL of those things. I don't even care.
Hey, the click is ticking on our meetup, huh?
I HATE THUNDERSTORMS.
So sleepy and hungry
RT : if I should have a part 2
Referring to Caleb Brantley?
,and I learn daily from following the great relationship gurus that YOU are
Medical emergency in the stands 1.6 to go lakeland ball when we resume
The 3 religions in which both members of a married couple are from the same religion are: Hindus (90%), Mormons (83%), and Catholics (78%).
Sunday= laundry day ^_^
lmao! you'll get used to it!
Actually, thank YOU!
going to bed mad is the worst
So, I think tomorro I'll be posting some new videos =) hehe
im finna bust threw that window..lol nawl j/k
Follow me on Instagram
No, go away please.
Bubba will be an instant star if he wins.
follow my hubby team follow back 2012 aint over its just the beginning
like the new avi
Grateful to our US House and Senate staff for continuing to support our & priorities at DC visit.
not me. don't do it. i know you're thinking about it, but don't follow me! i bet you can't accept that challenge(;
Go see Hobo With A Shotgun and Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins.
Can't wait to film Multi Ethnic
maybe another KY broad and lick you again. KY is a special place.
:) thanks ..& thanks for listening & encouraging me
if you're in NYC, they have a copy of the book in the NYPL and FIT.
Happy Friday everyone! Feels good to be back on the #FF bandwagon!
so frustrated right now #CantDeal omg!
i KnEw ALoT mORE tHaN u ThOuGHt i DiD FoUnD OuT ALoTtA ThiNgZ u THoUGhT u HiD
happy birthday austin i would of said it earlier but i was cleaning. i hope u have the best birthday ever <3 u
which article?
"Fixed' information literacy vs relational information literacy
I took a nap at 5 and woke up at 10 oops
All our notes are yours
not for Miami....night to eat outside
chillin getting ready gonna go spin at cafe 787 ....I was talking to ur bro about him getting me in DAMN
You know what I'd like to see? RDA training that isn't presented as a compare/contrast with aacr2. Bring in new metadata specialists!
who did you meet? Was it Snooky?
still high from lastnight,cloud 9, chilling wit mad dikes,in the dark fucking with flashlights
I think so haha
yes,getting older, gage, my sister, rich, myself, dogs, little Cesars, pb&j, davinci, committed,
i want kim kardashian
Your getting audited! Lol
#FF modeling wizard
You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind.
Hey and can we make #alternatepurposesforthe223project a trending topic?
Deleting my endless amount of pictures from Legas Vegas just so I can get all these pictures of parent daughter on my camera
When setting up a blog, consider your audience. Keep your posts on topic and packed with good information. They'll come back.
This will definitely help. It works out because with the VA his is all covered.
Valentine's Day is around the corner. Guys, what do you prefer, a Bikini or Brazilian wax?
Not a fan of David and Rachel on #AmazingRace. Talk about toxic relationship under pressure.
Do you people have such bad cases of ADHD that see need to do the wave and Journey sing-alongs while they set up the fireworks?
I don't like the person who picks out your rags it sucks !!!!
Hunt: got caught up in being "even-handed" when 90% of atrocities being committed by Serb army.
Sprint subscribers may be seeing the Galaxy Nexus LTE debut on April 22 a leaked document says. Anyone have Ice Cream sandwhich installed?
a beautifull freezing Thursday in Dallas..have a wonderful day people!!!
Thanks for the follow. I'd love to chat sometime.
Why are my friends so old! We are already in for the night!
negative ghost rider.
Yeah, I know isn't for the band formerly known as Group of the Altos. I'm expanding their brand, kimoslobee.
Why Is Ari So Beautiful? (:
I wanna name this like BeliebInMahone or something but there all taken. Any ideas.?
Thanks for the head's up! We're taking care of the issue now.
bon voyage + don't forget to write! xo
yes sir! We got that win. Good shit team
I'll come!!
What special things are you doing for your #pets this #holiday season?
Had such an amazing time with everyone at Craftacular today! Xoxox
Or this grinder just really good
man people crazy
I just finished the 4th season of #TheBigBangTheory and can't wait for what's next!
Less than 31 Days to the Amazing Milwaukee Race #3!
Getting my Twitter page setup.
Ditto RT You Do????! Awesome! I wanna sign up for that! :)
#coldplayonidol is good.
just saw never say never for the second time.....it was awesome....justin bieber is so talented......love him
no prob & big shout outs to Rocco & his beautiful wife who made out night extra unforgettable!
I am all kinds of sore this morning... No idea why. I don't like this.
A Web site titled “The Pi-Search Page” finds a person’s birthday and other well known numbers in the digits of pi.
I wish these folks would shut up about Zimmerman..he has been charged and made bond..none of y'all woulda even made that bond
hey i just wanna say thanks for being bold and your song "i choose jesus" has been awesome for me in this transition i'm
This may b the only time I may cheer 4 Kane this year
Yes, a celebration is in order! And celebrate you will. This stress/frustration/anxiety? Not normal state of affairs:
I have the worst tan line ever.
Show Jersey why you're the #ComebackCats !! Wake up and win those power plays!!
Lawmaker Demands DHS Cease Monitoring of Blogs, Social Media
You betcha, can never get enuf Back to School advice! RT : Thanks for the rt
The best way to learn somethin is thru experience. Soo imma let you go thru the pain....
I took another month off twitter and today I googled me and saw dozens of my tweets coming up and got all nostalgic... Happiness is twitter
Just participated in a tagathon on Flickr with help from & (I'm laptop-challenged; thx 4 patience!)
i haven't had a proper conversation with you for ages
that pic is hilarious thoight and we would like to make it up to you with a free eat cheap week meal on us tomorrow!
Still not caught up w/ this season, & I hate to say it but so far this season of #VampireDiaries isnt as impressive as the 1st 2.
Panther is a MUST!
So glad you agree! :) Any tips to share?
you got it gurl :D
Is it just me or have u noticed in the gym; no one ever smiles? Just all serious.
Hello Spring...I have missed you! :)
just had lunch with dad at a little chat with Stan and Ryno, told them they have to win tonight!
This liquor got the best of me.
On to equal rights: Fletcher says he supports equal rights for all people. Filner agrees.
I'm the shit. Too bad your brain hasn't filled that large skull.
Now Rugby and lacrosse season has started...my son is officially on an Xbox diet. Yay!
#shutthefrontdoor how drunk were you last night?
Its Wednesday already. Half way down the week.
The Giants win the Pennant! The Mayor (Bloomberg) proclaims Souper Bowl Week in NYC--Mon,Jan30-Sun,Feb5--in honor of our soup for the needy.
From now on, I'm going to refer to shitting one's pants as "shooting bogey."
what is lol
HEY CAT THIS IS REMINDER TO TAKE YOUR OWN ADVICE ALRIGHT.
When did she say that? Sounds like an interesting speech
Let's thank our sponsors w/ tweet love. 4 their help in making #jinglemingle happen. We can't do it w/o U.
Aussies face German Davis Cup challenge Australia will face Germany in Germany in September for the right to return to the Davis Cup worl
I'm going back to DePaul in the fall
How do you keep a straight face on camera when Santorum says something like "America works from the BOTTOM up"?
Definition? RT : Word of the day "BACKSLIDER" LOLOLOL
Milo ! May list na ba sections ?
I wanna interview U RE: UR upcoming country album on my radio show on Froggy 104.9,Frankfort, KY, who is my contact 2 set it up?
love this photo
Aye Aye Aye Aye !! Leave Me T'f Alone Chick !!! Damn !
Cat nap in the grass at the St. Paul campus. Z
Practice tonight! Yeah!!!! A.M
let me follow more people!
Haggaaaaaa..."you wanna date?"
I have a sure fire 1st ballot Orioles Hall Of Famer, Brad Pennington. Can't wait for his plaque, place it on Eutaw Street.
you're just jelly.
Fish fry Friday everyone!!! Come down and enjoy this beautiful weather on our awesome patio!!
Hey! follow me for amazing healthy & delicious snack ideas!
RT : -- / I hear you make those drums sound pretty dang good too. // it doesn't take much!
But I love her so much
hahaha. Thanks sloth
Say somethin, 'cause your driving me crazy. Say somethin, 'cause you're driving me wild! <3
If you love her, let her know. if you don't then stop acting like you do. We Girls don't like to be mind fucked -__-
Best interview questions for candidates to ask. Number two: How would you describe the culture of this company (or organization)?
One of the #GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime has got to be the "Black" album by #Metallica Also have to put #Nirvana "Nevermind" and #Pearl Jam "Ten"
Have to give a shout out to my new follower @ Anyone who has "All hail Nutella" in their profile is a friend of mine!
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading." Lao Tzu
The Diva conference has begun at Liverpool Hope University!
Mail Masters is looking for a marketing and printing sales executive in the Denver Metro area. A highly variable comp plan provides for unc…
A promise among friends means never giving a reason why. #Friends <3 it
I Just Did The Fainting Trick., I've Been So Tempted To Do It Since Tai Told Me About It. It Hurted My Head.! [I Love My Gf <3]]
Went shopping w. mommy <3
Both my parents got bitten by cats, So did I, too bad my brother didn't get bitten by one. Lucky boy
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
KEWL! I just logged in for the first time in months since I had a social media expert doing for me till now.
Stand by what has been spoken to you by the Lord... Regrets will quietly haunt you...Stay on the fight. and watch God work!
A quick cleaning session can do wonders for your sanity :) it's worth it!
THAT WAS AN INCREDIBLE PPV! IM SPEECHLESS RIGHT NOW! I ACTUALLY GAINED RESPECT FOR CENA!
no gala, but will be at afterglow!
The Banana Pudding Milkshake from Chick-fil-a is ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE!! It is now a #Musthave everytime I eat there!
sounds and looks delicious
Hope God bless me with a job this summer.
&#39;s, I hate your shamrock shake commercial.
I only respect Celtic fans as much as that pains me to say
Excellent! Glad we could be helpful!
I'm ready for the best summer of my life idk about you?!
Wow, haven't gotten on here in foreverr. Well hello (; how are youu?
Bensimon: Equity would rise if we remediated university culture in relation to students of color
If you break rules you should pay the price.
Rasta color braces
how funny I was just thinking " man I wanna read tweets" i look & your the first one :)
Awesome! RT : I'm going to take a different path. Shout out to for schooling my daughter!
So what am I going to SMELL TONIGHT? Drama, Mama Jokes, Love Birds Talking, Scary Story's, News, Hot Topics... hum.....
We found dove in a soap less place
Looking forward to some fun shoots with some fun cuties in San Jose from tomorrow through Sunday :)
Confession #8 I always has low self esteem growing up lol I'm serious
Learning a lot at Advice Straight Up Follow Up! Thx and Rob Sniffen!
Anyone could go tonight...
I love Remember the Titans!
Hm... Its taking a while to find our luggage... Uh oh
Learning about GoDaddy's Quick Shopping Cart
is on a quest for soup dumplings! To Arcadia!
What's the etiquette for picking up the phone when you have caller ID? Do you greet the caller by name or pretend to be surprised?
SEO dreams vs reality - Most companies have KEY PHRASES that if TOP RANKED would fulfill marketing goals but they can't afford the SEO cost.
Oxidative phosphorylation. That's what I have to study this week...giving up is tempting. Lord help me.
My hair is gettin out of control
ur welcome we should get to know each other:)!!
haha- we'll see what we can do... RT : Planning on livetweeting from the stage during tomorrow's show, huh...
I love you all!!!
The two NYR series illustrate why home-ice advantage is still critical in the playoffs. If last night's game were in Wash, who knows.
#21 craziest thing u have ever done?
not having classes or finals for three days in a row>>>
Did anyone get to see the sun today?
It's Heating up in Breckenridge! Ski the Slopes is around the corner-it'd be a great Valentine's Day Gift! Couples passes are $198 til 2/17!
If I pull your hair it means I like you, especially if you're naked and we're having sex while I'm doing it.
What is your favorite type of music to listen to #RockTalk?
We do it Straight like daaaaaat, get money straight like daaaaaat.. who want it straight like daaaaaat..2 CHAAAAAINZ!!
it the party crackin out there?
If for some reason our mediafire link dosent work for you, you can download our demos on the "bandpage" tab on our page!
ah those were the days!
great event. Great event and great space and service!
Imaginary friends lol
Is this the start of #bikeschool rerun hour?
When Justin says swag in his song❤😍
yeah her voice on this song & the beat will go with it lol
“It is not the mountain that we conquer, but ourselves” ~ Sir Edmund Hillary, the first climber to reach the summit of Mount Everest
Ha! Wow.
OMG. THE NEWS JUST PLAYED BOYFRIEND!!! MADE MY DAY!! & then they're showing contestants for a Bieber-off!!<33
Oh wow I'M LH!! Ha! ": Left-handed people are more likely to be schizophrenic."
only we can look good without a man by our side:) we legitt:) #bruhh we are a boss
lls shut up
Congratulations! And thanks for sharing your experience, and insights, with all of us.
Thanks for the shout out!
Shouts out to my new listeners from Spain, Hungary, Thailand & Romania!
And to top it all off, it looks like I'm gonna be out of town all next week due to work...grrrrrrrr!!
I sware I have a eatting disorder... I eat to much!:/
Thanks for all the RT's
I love u jasmine follow me #1 jasminator..!:)
FL Children's Hospital here we come, with breakfast!!
lmao. Don't you put that evil on y'all, Ricky Bobby...
#YouMightBeStupidIf you take things from T#*@$r (secret social network) & put them on Twitter & Facebook Fake T#*@%es you know who you are
Lily Allen Perhaps?
A quickie is not so bad tho
There is free wifi available. We'd love to provide WiFi to MLA attendees, but registration $$ would be expensive.
I should've just stayed home today:/
I forgot I was still mad at you -___-
you got it dude :)
I'm glad you were finally able to get your wishlist gift
Sonic in gallatin 3 cokes for $6 and ours is only $3 at home! I don't understand 😒
Oh the Oscars briefcases with the winning envelopes are walking the red carpet!
because we were fighting when you tweeted that
RG3 signs endorsement deal with Subway. Who doesn't love to eat fresh?
oohhh thank you very much . I wish the best for you too :)
Dominant political will in Europe will force the periphery to abandon the Euro or their sovereignty.The 2 are now almost mutually exclusive
What's your managers information? For bookings?
"how did I spend $60" haha
Looking 4 female part-time massage therapists and/or estheticians 4 a wellness center in NW,DC. DM 4 more info
Dear#Netflix, thanks for the rate hike, I've been meaning to cancel you and your aggravating home page for a while now.
Thanks so much for buying "Incomplete Passes", Elisabeth! I hope you enjoy it!
Thanks to Outlook and the #PLA2012 app, I have never been so organized (or known that I was already so overbooked) for a conference!
Gwyneth Paltrow....AMAZING!
thanks for the #ff!
got a site for you to watch football on
I'm with you. We longer have news. We have politically charged opinion and celebrity gossip. Nothing like a fat, dumb electorate.
my mom comes in my room and checks for drugs well the smell at least lol there must be a new drug out
fall asleep. thinking bout money.. wake up thinking bout money
1st workout after being sick 4 so long! kinda kicked my a$$. means I gotta get that fitness level back up ASAP. Goin hardcore starting now(;
i think ima fake being sick tomorrow, i really am in no mood for school .
"An open mind can open many doors." -Evelyn K. Lemar
Done! Thanks for following me :)
If you start to miss me remember, I didn't walk away you let me go.
why tf is you whining still i fucking told you i was gon do the shit get off my ass damn
See you in a week, Milwaukee.
Looks like is down.
You should be a professional time waster.
Life is only as awful as the amount of booze in your bloodstream at any given time.
I even want to punch that guy just thinking about that sound
We get it! Love the music humor :-) RT We have 4,440 followers today. DING! (A)
all of the above!
I done got pulled over fresh off of work ugh freakn DESOTO POLICE I FREAKN HATE U!!!!!
The photo grid trend/format is the right direction, but $2 billion & a potential copyright suit...do you think it's a good buy?
thanks for the mention, Stella!
#FF Lady with #Klout & knows how to work it.
All looked at, thoroughly enjoyed and bookmarked.
Welcome & thanks Nice to meet you!
About to join on Heller's gone so who knows what will happen! Phil, Jon & I might get into a twitter war!
I think I'm getting sick.
RT : Perk up at the World's Largest Coffee Break today at 9:30am at Catalano Square (Menomonee & Broadway). Free coffee and treats!
Brand new laptop, windows 7, try and restart new computer, blank screen,
really, should have tried the website and better fix your LinkedIn profile
Great gig with the band last night - thanks to , and Micah Goff for sitting in last night. Killin'!
RT #Quote Life is short so live the life u live the best.
What is your favorite Kurt Carr song?
Interview with about recent Pew study on Youth and Social Networking.
"Enjoy every smile and every tear, cos the most beautiful smile comes after the most painful tear"
My heart is racing
I just want summer
#InstantTurnOn: The thought of Ronald Reagan in a Speedo.
Maybe I'll feel like doing more if I don't hurt when I wake up and hurt when I go to bed.
Starting the day locked out of my computer and on the phone with help desk.
Fuck I hope some crazy woman rips his dick off when he comes to Buffalo in a few weeks. Seriously, fuck
BTW I finished Catching Fire. So good.
what bandwagon fans?? There are so many sports going into the playoffs....
yooooo u seriously need to relax!
billboard rentals
Car bombed.
Well I'll find you that day and slap you silly. :D
look at my last text !
I have put too much damn time and effort towards this. IT WILL TREND. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL so fucking much!
Onward & upward.... great day 2 be in the film industry in Louisiana! :D
re: joycevalenza! Wow Wiki! Love it. No one can talk boring wiki anymore!
Its a girls night its alright without you im gonna stay out and play out without you you better hold tight this girls nights without you
Hanging Christmas decorations with my dad. My mum ate my snack :(
Feel Better, we will miss U 2night :)
Be sure to take a lot of photos of each other now. Your relationship is changing every day.
Gotta walk my dog.
Hey Maria, if it's none of my business, that's cool, but why where there sad face tweets bout you yesterday? you leavin' us?
Lets get this shit up to 1900 followers! #TeamFollowBack I always #Followback ask anyone of my
I can't wait to give Liz the gift I made for her. I'm not sharing what it is cause someone will steal my idea. But it is special. <3
Sounds PERFECT!
omg- 1st Cd Aim & Ignite is amazing! Lmk. :)
What I need is a mobile location service that lets me avoid some people. Like "stealth mode on" They could also avoid me. I would pay.
What am I still doing up?
That annoying moment when you have that little pimple on your leg from shaving and you pop it and it scabs forever -____-
Talk Derby to me, that is the Derby Festival - Whats Happening for Thunder? Plan properly with these details and trivia:...
All of our GW paints are 10% off if you do NOT have a discount. If you do add another 5% to it!
Had a pint of that on Monday. Tweet a link when you're review is up online.
Hating school cant wait till its over and i can chill for the summer
Don't let this weather keep you from Napa Hour! Buy 1get1!
don't hold your breath.....
#SomeWhereInTheHood kids runnin to the ice cream mane like he a celebrity"
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN:)
I think I want to go get some food.
I to the same for my monmy and I'm 31. :-)
I need a pillow!!!
Preparing the 2012 work plan for LMS, training technologies and performance improvement. So far, 81 projects. Exciting!
Wait. Ke$ha isn't even that bad live. Why does everybody I've ever heard say she sucks live? And why did I believe them? Haha
Thanks to my sister that made me listen to City Of Fire You guys are awesome!
i just follow you after u follow me lol
Wow, that was a fantastic set!
you on forbes A+++++++ oh my gosh
What are the odds go 162-0? I feel pretty good about it
#houston ZeekRewards Online MLM Opportunity - Is It Right For You? If you are reading this review, chances are you are either a Zee
Friends in NOHO: join us tomorrow for an awesome standup show at the HaHa Cafe at 8pm: it's FREE!!
Well done boys! A toast to 2nd Leg ending of our XX Tour- a mighty success!!!
OKC raping mavs ... No cags involved this time !!! Go for the sweep !!! no luck needed
