#CareerRealTalk Retain the services of an accountant, insurance and bonding agent that specialize in your industry
I'm exhausted just thinking about it and he is going to be in Victorian dress too boot!
Wow... U don't know me woman. Bout to go all white girl crazy on me and shit & don't know shit. Make 'em say uh
lol yea right, I love his cum. Right ? ;)
I'd prefer purple or tiny music but.....hm
Yes, good point! Just wanted to know if anyone is drinking any compelling malbec these days. :)
Today is one of those days that you miss the people you love so much you could explode!
I am sure there are lots if people who can't turn left...
love it!
say that im a unicorn [;
I like how mentioned in his tweet haha X^D it would be funny if she actually saw that tweet lol
i think i can call this game.
RT : . says $MSFT #Lync "should be in the short list of top three [UC systems] to consider for enterprises (cont)...
I believe that would be "havok staff"
cat got your tongue? crack a tweet!
so great meeting you gals last night!
follow back? =) please =D
Hope gives you the strength, Grace gives you the courage, and Faith makes your day worth living.
Quote of the day: "Success in life is directly proportional to the number of awkward conversations you are willing to have."
The lovely sound of cheering librarians will now echo through my day....
Was good to meet you! Your Omeka presentation at #THATCamp #SE was great! Thanks
i have t say I miss Mike Ross :/ <3
Friend from gram on the way to my house party party party let's all get waisted...big ups to gram in this bitch
Thanks for spreading the word ! RT : Start. Share. Grow. Restore. Feed! www.needmagazine.com/Issue06/focus01.html
Big matches today for a second round - Andy/Nalby, Nole/Tomic, Ferru/Fer. Wonder which Bernie will show up.
Thank you BasedJacques
Get with it before it's to late
Heey can you give me a link of that interview where Justin talks about Jerry?Thanks :)
They lost because I wasn't there...
I told a FORMER friend once "the day ya start practicing on Monday what ya preach on Sunday, then I'll believe you"
Missed the #beer I was hoping to try by five minutes. Good thing there are plenty of others choices on tap.
follow back?x
Wait--- What's not amazinq, is that we also kill. And hate. And kill. And Cuss. And throw the finqer when absolutely necessary. O.o
one day, i hope i'll be able to tweet " great day w/ "
": That moment when you see him with another girl... and your heart just drops.,."
Awesome, although I would have loved to hear you speak! Perhaps next year????
We had nail-painting day at the office to test blogger collection. All agree 2 coats of Kate + 1 Belle = perfection
there are two 420 party bumpin in my neighborhood right now
There is no evidence whatsoever that "The World Turned Upside Down"-or any music-was played during the Yorktown surrender.
Brown works out of a jam in second, with two more Ks. He's got six through 2 innings, but no-hitter is gone. Game still 0-0
Fbzfest depends on where and when for me too. I need to look into IFBC. Tho all this assumes I'll be blogging regularly again!
Omg so i guess i been txtn a andrew lol who is this guy???? Really lmao
Eric - How was the rest of the trip to Miami? When are you coming down to Tampa to check out the Bucs?
Thanks for coming on Saturday, we're glad you had a good time!
Who is going to be the VCC's keynote speaker? Your guess is as good as ours. Suggestions? We provide one hell of a veggie plate.
I say Bloomfield, purely geographically, but it has a Lawrenceville feel. If pressed to pick one, I say Bloomfield.
It wasn't good scotch, alas. But what it lacked in quality, it made up in quantity. >.>
Who's gonna be our 100th follower? #youbetterbecool LETS GO CAPS!
Thank you! *pompoms*
Today it's HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY at Paesanos Midtown. $3 Drinks and $4 Appetizers from open to close! Hope to see you there...
SNOW - After long discussion between Director Saba and Casting Director Suzanne Baranski, the characters are cast.
I love the song and music video <3 Hope your having a wonderful birthday :)
I love it when people think they know what's best for u, n when u try to tell them how u feel about it, ur just wrong :/
*waits for GOP to troll about "family values" or some other bullshit*
Nice, let see!
When I'm famous, , , and Justin Bieber will be my bestfriends. End. Of. Story. <3
my family business my dad worked there and my older brother work there.. Well the warehouse not the factory
By changing how I do things I am breaking the fear that kept me bound.
About to see the Capitol Steps in DC. The average age of the audience appears to be 60. and I are Tearing. It. Up.
True but, emotions can be controlled. One just has to reprogram themselves about what things mean to them.
HELP ME .... PLZZZZZZ
10 at the door 20 if u wanna skip that shit
"So then, those who suffer according to God’s will should commit themselves to their faithful Creator & continue to do good." -1 Peter 4:19
But I have a knack for proving people wrong and making them look like an ass lol
Winter has officially started. Friggin cold!!!!
if* they did that
haha that dude is gonna eat his words !!
Curious, anyone outside WI (or inside) have any questions about today's #wirecall primary? Will try to answer if I can.
Y do bad things happen to good ppl? A question we all have. Just know that Through the pain Gods love will give u life my prayers r w/u
that's gonna happen at concerts tho
I'm pretty sure that new Warcraft commercial has the WOW nerds going 4p35h1t
Supposably the teacher is whispiring. the whole class can hear
fuck you hooker face!
is coming to town tomorrow for a quick weekend.
More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
thanks for reading, ladies! i lived in la for five years too!
that one when finished will probably be that side up we'll see of course as the paintings evolve on their own I just hold the brush
Enjoying a young but delicious 2008 Quilceda Creek Cab.
only if they're made from real pony meat.
I was not happy with Sherlock Holmes 2. Not one bit. Irene Adler's smarter than that.
RT : "If you focus on what you're afraid of, it'll put you in a lousy state."
The day of CEO wishes are dead and it has been replaced with employee and consumer engagement. Its a good thing.
i jus called u fag
Yes! Somehow it happened automatically one day? I would love to get us on the Google Cal they have though...
Hell yeah great workout way to finish off the weekend I love that shit
Hello from the Indian Ocean! Being treated so great by some fine military men & women! Thanks 2 4 this opportunity!
Hang out with , & at the #NURFC TONIGHT (5:30pm) for From Civil War to Civil Rights...to Human Rights.
Phantom time!!!!
Were going to miss you Al.... come back soon! xoxo
RT : A yoga instructor with anger management issues has to teach a group of juvenile delinquents to win a bet. #logline pass
Agreed! Great panel! RT Fantastic session! Thanks
I'd say put it up to vote... But there prolly would b a recall on that too!
my historical recollection is its only been live when at Golden Hall or Civic Theatre.
Thanks for the follow, Suzanne. Hope to see you more in the new year!
A fly Somaphony shirt!
Happy Birthday to my friend !
lol almost, that wasnt them...oh i know, "B**** i wanna F***, F*** yo phone numbaaa" haha
thank god it's friday!!!!!
Too tired to study yet too awake to sleep.
I cant get u outta my head
At least I hope so because that shit just happened.
This ball movement by Bucky early on is amazing...hopefully this stays this way!!! #LETSGOBUCKY!!!
yes but mine has certain potency...
Express your identity and tell your story
Coming up! Have you seen the super moon yet? That's also history in China.....
Anyone have A/C units in stock? Mine just died and I only buy from independent small businesses not multi-national corporations.
Your The Only One Who Thought It Was Funny
Poetry is brutal
97% of the flavonoids (antioxidants) in broccoli were lost when cooked in the microwave!
Ok for realsies we go on around 8:30!
on pandora, they played moment 4 life, peacock, then S&M. talk bout' IaMmE.
I had one but I deleted it...what's up?...
Too much fog outside
23 minutes on previews b4 #hungergames. 3 Vampire movie previews.
It's your look. You black, hella sexy and a lil' nerdy. So white dudes think they can approach you .. lol
How did I get all the boy trouble makers in my group?
I'm still not part of the campaign.
go eat something. You will feel better ;p
RT For each petal on the shamrock This brings a wish your way - Good health, good luck, and happiness For today and every day.
Headed down to the Jake for #TRIBE vs #Rangers ... First #Indians game as a fan this season...can't wait!
Is that a Hyundai?
Major news on the way...
If you don't respect yourself what makes you think others will
God doesn't just reveal things to us FYI. He expects us to repent, ask Him to fix us, and put perimeters in place to prevent temptation.
Why is the GOP upset that Obama slow jammed the news on Fallon last night? Don't they know it was just a hologram?
that's what Lebowski said
Pdoc's is awfully successful in Cincy....
I am presently working on time travel and free energy. I have 85 members on trans dimensional unified field theory group on linkd.
the only thing I'll give u, this was a great series! #Nuggets till I die
I'm jealous! Working today and tomorrow!
Look for us on Facebook at "Team In Training MI" and "Team In Training Triathlon-Michigan" Invite your friends too!
The clothes dont make a man
How did my apartment get so many bugs in so few days...
not specific players, but Suburban House in Baltimore has The Raven and The Oriole sandwiches
Going to see the Avengers with my brother
Gary will be performing on Christmas show TONIGHT 7-9p CST. You can listen to it live from their site or on
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.- Michael Jordan
Joe Gannascoli (aka Vito Soprano) is a big Clicgear fan. Here is a picture taken this weekend of Joe and his Model 3.0 cart.
Qponomics has been proud members of the Metro Chamber since June 2010! Supporting local business is priority number one.
Speak unto me the hidden and secret things of Thy wisdom. On Thee do I set my hope, my God, that Thou enlighten my mind and understanding
A UN Millennium Development Goal is to halve the amount of people in the world without access to safe drinking water by 2015. Let's DO this!
Just went south of the boarder at granny's pad!
Good day Chicago! Stop in today for $16 bottomless mimosas. Who needs pants?
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
": It's sad how guys go for the outgoing girls, when the ones that keep to themselves can actually handle a relationship."
Who is this hawtiee sitting behind me? ;)
- I'm going to show this to my wife. :D
Great! I'll shoot her an email now. Thanks so much! Have a great day :)
NBA Playoffs..... Tomorrow!!!
#onlyif I was 6'9" and in shape I could have played pro basketball
Why #Zappos is moving into an urban environment. Reminded me of how creates "happy accidents" between employees to drive innovation.
Don't ever cancel or change Jubilee. A great "Old #Vegas " night: Roll some dice, Jubilee, cocktails at the Peppermill.
looks spectacular
We are looking for food trucks in the evening hours all days Suggestions??? 713 417 7447
u on tv tonight?
3RD ANNUAL LAS VEGAS FIGHT WEEKEND TRIP/PARTY 2012 PACKAGES ARE MOVING FAST CALL 202-643-4347 LOCK IN YOUR PACKAGE TODAY!
damn,im workin.i will dvr it
#happynewyear and you too, !
Yo, Rick Perry, "regulations" has 4 syllables in it...or is this your idea of reducing unnecessary rules?
Why is he so cute
Mane are we gon let these pacers sneak us 2nite cmon now boys step that shit up
This is one of those roles I just know Im about to get.
sometimes you like, sometimes you don't.
cool. Thanks!!
some people just don't grow out of their high shool mentality...
Sorry, Michele Bachman gotta drop out of the race, your remarks to Tim Pawlenty were very uncalled for and show no leadership
Please spank her, Christian, PLEASE.
Praying for your family TJ
Thats how you do it running it in! Go #Chiefs!
We are! #coltstrong “: You guys excited for the draft? #dreamscomingtrue”
So apparently Scott's going to get himself ordained to perform his best friend's wedding ceremony. THIS IS AWESOME.
i'm Mahomie forever!!!....
At the Behavioral Health Integration meeting. Chuck Milligan explains subgroup process. Tweeting using
Get yourself to sellout.woot right now, Whiskey Stones for only $3.99 - love mine
you and everyone in nc too
I love that my autocorrect changes butthead to butt thread
Apparently U have not read the Pearl of Great Price. Walking with Christ costs me everything - gains me so much more.
Great night last night at #NYCAP! Met awesome #CD and talented #director Q. Morris ! So much fun! Thank you!!
Ok so we were hacked so if you got any weird messages we are sorry
it's a great word. Find me a better word that means the same thing and I'll work it into the mix.
Watching Grey's Anatomy...
If it's not sweltering in the studio today I promise to say a prayer for the poor souls in purgatory.
I know. I love them, but only optical ones. Roller-balls are absolute shiss.
Are you getting married this year?
Thanks to the #oah2012 staff for the Advil. My morning heroes.
Keep in mind I don't believe any of that. I just thought I'd share.
Chris Paul man
With Peter Fonda at birthday dinner! :happy bday KB!
Romney looking like a winner in Michigan..but DELEGATE count will be close.
"Real Bulls Fans hate the Heat" actually we hate Lebron lmao which i do..but the man is good have to admit that
Austin&Alex became friends because they had the same shoes! ..If it wasn't for the shoes, would they be friends today? #ThankYouShoes ;)
no doubt
wit a shotgun!!!
nap be back latter happy birthdayy dana ! :)
Stop trying to be interesting. Instead strive to be interested. Jim Collins.
i don't think you tweeted enough yesterday
I like it. I can't wait for man on the moon 3!
Thanks so much for all of your support of Beema Inc. We love our clients!
amen sister
Also, jewelry appraiser Kevin Zavian bears an uncanny resemblance (visage and voice) to Dennis Farina, and it drives me nuts.
Summer Reading List cont. 5) The Grace of Silence by 6) Lizz Free or Die by
I just left. You staying in lex tonight?
Okay I'm for real going to sleep now. Damn Michi lol
I Really want to sleep in tommorow...
Ha! So true. Got to hang half a hundred to be satisfied. RT : That was a sooner fan victory!
oh okay just rub it in lol
Wishing a very happy birthday!!!
RT : This will go over well w/ vendors here "No one should ever write a check 4 Social Software licenses again" - at
no, I think "let's just fuck and be friends" is pretty clear. Right?
Whenever I have a problem I sing, then I realize my singing is worse than my problem :)
The #Broncos let go of GM Brian Xanders today. I can only assume the reason behind the move is that he failed to sign Alex Tanney.
so welcome
thanks so much! definitely one of my favorites too :)
Been Circulating all week. Can't beat a free ride! I'll miss the door-to-door #11 ride when it's hot though.
can u find me a taylor icon like urs ? : D
Well I am Old (43 which is ancient in this industry) so I must qualify as a 'new' old medi head. LOL!
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie Twitterverse, any combination of two celebrity names that are dating.
The tenderness in her kisses eased some of the tension for Brett and allowed the two of them to connect without words
Trust only what you drink, nothing else.
Hubby has me watching history channel. Didn't know the term sideburns came from General Ambrose Burnside.
Wohoo! So happy for ya. I want to do Tough Mudder some day. Can't wait for video.
with 42% of seniors in CA under Elder Index. Dental issues are #1. Hard to eat properly and stay healthy. Is there a plan?
i signed up on the waiting list & i got them xD
depends on if you want to go free or pay?
Break a leg! Give my love to everyone in Xavier!
She probably didn't care how much she got as long as she gets to sit next to the Queen.
Thank you! :)
LA is too overcrowded
Hi Mike, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional algorithm can assist you better understand your customers Follow me to DM?
HEY PEOPLE ;) I'M HERE HOW ARE YOU ?
I think my wisdom teeth are coming in because they hurt so bad :(((((((
Usual Suspects on #HBOGO. Next two hours devoted to watching my all-time favorite film. Career performances from Del Torro & Spacey
Not sure yet I'll text you later...
Inevitable I must do laundry...I have said it even written it down maybe now I will actually make it happen...Happiness is clean laundry!!!!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 6. Chelsea Smile- Bring Me The Horizon
It's do or die time!
Do you have any black inside you?
Blog so hard sopa wanna find me \m/
DEC.5TH @ THE HANGER!!! YOUNG PHAT LIVE!!!1 INDUSTRY INFLUENCE!!! LETS GO YOUNG!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
So eager to start helping out small businesses with their design needs - will be reaching out to mom/pop shops that are in need of websites!
Jealousy is a female trait
Haha! I thank you and I humbly accept the rose :-)
Today is my wife's last day on the job at Core 10 Architecture her in Saint Louis, and she is very sad. Her bosses and co-workers are great.
that one!
Hate this bitch. Fuck her
Hey baby
this rain is testing my patience.
an all yu fake ass hoes aint gone get nun from me!
naw say it
It looks like its smiling lol
and the winner between the iphone 4S and Droid Razr Maxx is... :: drum roll:: ... Droid.
#DearMen Our woman are waiting on us to lead and love the right way.
Call Me Mr. 'Random Bag Check' ;)
Duplex in St. Louis 31% Cash on Cash Return! “Get This Solid 31% Cash on Cash Producer Today For Your Investment Portfolio“
I already found my favorite bachelor! 😍
we're on it. thanks for the heads up!
Well if you never want a game to be decided on a call then take care of your business then still a good game by both teams
oh plus it cost $100. i am not paying that much to run that far. i don't even think you could pay ME that much to run that far.
Make sure to stop tonight at #thepressroom we'll be performing at 11pm
Hyatt Regency La Jolla, Dan Diego area.
In regards to what?
My anger is super high tonight ... Haven't been this angry in a while tho .
and American Century Music at First Church in Boston: Lydian String Quartet plays Harbison's String Quartet No. 2 12:15 PM
I have been watchingthe shaka zulu mini series all weekend, this is deep!
You are more than "good enough" and very talented! Your moment is coming. In the meantime, enjoy the journey.
That must mean the Orange are now 2012 National Champs....funny....I have not seen the t shirts or the hats yet.
MT : Pianos are back on 16th St. Mall! Denver musicians go play on them -make some tips & make Denver an awesome place to be!
I think I need a break from the dealings of reality
had a debate today bout buddens or drake,,,drake cant f wit joe
next time I have a front page post you will. I know you will.
I dare say I like your choice of photo for the contest!
While 26 states have reduced their prison populations, 24 states have increased theirs, and the federal prison pop has doubled since '94.
So glad I bought I see stars new album its amazing check it out ! Don't pirate it or your stupid ! # DigitalRenegade
RT : Remember, we're giving away a free Music Industry contact directory! RT one of our tweets about one of our directories!
learned that in 7th grade idiot, also learned how to spell "dropped" in kindergarten. 0-2, kinda like how ud hit w/o roids
So this TriMet detour takes the bus past the Hot Bikini Brew coffee stand. Stretched to see out window. Will investigate on noncommute day.
Welcome, writer of note.
Camp Rock 3
Asian eyes but I swear EVERYTHING else is Black hahaha ;)
I really wanna get another piercing!!
I have to write a thesis paper, I can't remember how
I put a bird on it. WHAT?!
Hungry Again, :)
how was it?
What can I post here to make my Twitter really interesting? I start talking & then I'm already almost out of space :(
me while watching black swan: this bitch actually thinks she a swan.
Still deciding whether to use a Wynton Marsalis piece for my solo in Greece.. it will come to me; so much music to be inspired by.
Who remembers the spongebob twins on bag girls club lmfaooooo
#health tip: Hope ur kids dont inherit ur 2 left feet? Dont worry: A childs athletic prowess is determined more by parental support
Follow me! What's your twitter name?
thanks! Follow us to find out when the film will be released theatrically in Boston!
Alright, I'm 1 follower away from 90. I'd like to stay above that number for more than a week.
had to take all my money and invest in my house. I'm gutted but I had to do it
I'm still waiting for us to be able to put our own faces on the front! Even if it's just so we could print and enjoy :-)
Who the hell selling gyros up there bro???
I will sing to the LORD because he is good to me. (Psalm 13:6 NLT)
Welcome to Pittsburgh NRA! We hope you get out and enjoy our nightlife and all the fine attractions we have to offer to our visitors.
My eye is on some other shit right now
the "who would you kill" segment was unfortunately timed, but still pretty brilliant
Non hockey tweet there... :)
Baby, you're a star, brighter than the sun, just the way you are, you're the one I love!! 💜
This Line though.
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
Happy 1st day of #spring !
"We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery." -- H. G. Wells
Pro basketball. You're tall.
RT : Make fruit the everyday dessert for your kids. Serve baked apples, pears, or enjoy a fruit salad instead of sugary desserts.
Im just wanna have some fun.
ask mom for SS card so you can finish Fasfa and her stop bitching at you... mom forgets.. #notmyfault!
you float my boat ;)
Totally ignoring that.
Thanks to for a spotlight on Priority List. Let's hope the stage doesn't explode on Saturday
Follow us on Twitter!
Sushi night with the girls :) good food and amazing friends
Would you agree the term reverse racism should not exist? Its all racism. Plain and simple. All form cannot be tolerated.
I sho would like to work at Steve Madden just to get that 50% discount
wwyd if tweeted u saying i love u right now?
Interviewed from Metal Blade Records. Everything was All Access......and we learned what Brian thought of James voice early on.
I'm okay with harsher punishment then death-by-tickling. FIVE OF THEM.
oh ok cool I might see ya
Dang Blake haha
Any success stories out there using Foursquare for loyalty programs? Would love to hear your details/results.
Filming boobs, auditions, and acting class... My favorite kind of day. :)
But outta pot!!!!!
#newyork ESPECIALLY if we're talking about the #yankees!
I'll have to revamp my instrumental hip-hop playlist, with , , and
why does it matter if they dont believe they seem so pssd off all the time arent u supposed to be happy with your belief system?
#bird wisdom :v my address is: thisisminethisisminethitism
Love won't wait forever
A: "Personalization for Social media -- it's how big brands can get the most reach for everyday products"
guess how many fish fry's sells today and win a complimentary fish fry on the Friday of your choice. Winner posted tomorrow
someone just asked me if they could kiss my eyes because they're stunning...do you think that's weird too or?
RT if you are going to the International Sportsmen's Exposition!
sorry meant due time is an hour off.
Thank you I try so hard
"quasi white shoes moto"
it's pointless. Hence how rare it is.
awe! Are those the shoes and earrings? I love how you package them!
that place is GREAT!
How are you liking the weather ? (: <3333
Haha I already saved it!
what's good Fredo!!! It's been a quick minute!! :)
I love finding out this stuff about my house & neighborhood. If I could have a superpower, it would be time travel.
LOL! She runs away?!
Just got home so what's good twitter!
I'm thinking of doing a Queen's of the Stone Age Cover. Any ideas on what song I should pick?
Great! RT happy birthday pastor. Thanks for writing Sun Stand Still. The Word + S is shaping my life at current.
Please watch the Shelby County Mayoral Debate on children’s issues Thurs., July 15 from 7 to 7:30 PM on wreg.com & News Channel 3 Anytime!
Baking even more christmas cookies :)) i'm going to gain SO MUCH WEIGHT!! :P
The Trims will start the New Year by using Twitter more often. :)
let me know how it goes! am at #hth2012 wish I could also be at
#libchat Q7 We don't have space, or much time to invest in Amazon. I personally love Better World Books.
umm...well I've been there like a million times already. We were there the same night as you once.
good ! get used to it (:
Ok, TMZ breaks every celebrity death story. I'm starting to think they're grim reapers who are also obsessed with crotch pics and mug shots.
Can't believe the number of students making jokes about the potential gunman on campus
Go to www.elbybrass.com/music to hear samples from the CD!
RT JasH0VA: NOBODY DRINK ANY CHERRY HILL TAP WATER OR FOUNTAIN DRINKS. SOMETHIN IS WRONG WITH THE WATER.
RT Were. Going to the SUPERBOWL!!!!! ***Hell yeah!!!
It's totally happening this year. Meanwhile, Devin Ebanks is the best player on your Lakeshow.
So close
iHave All Faith In My Clippers Team Tonight!
I know exactly how...You're an addict!! You need an intervention!
Thanks for the shout out! Did you get a chance to come out?
Today I feel like being lazy!
will you be back home tomorrow?
nigga you know its not easy finding a job in philly, i got two up here
Why are you a mahomie? Why do you love him?
Done on computer for tonight. Goodnight folloewers
Packers are nuts! Keep scoring points.
Conrad's Crab on Joppa rd are money!!!!
In the studio
Join us help end child hunger Sept 18- 24. For more information on how you can help go to www.dineoutfornokidhungry.com
I've forgotten how mindless the "top" commenters can be on local online newspapers like .
Some days I feel like I've failed at loving people the way I should.
Listening to a recap of our culture of patient safety program. Inspiring. Proud to work
Shawty is a ten!!!
Unbelievable. No one I follow has twittered in 9 whole minutes.
Thx to Sarah Edelsburg and Downtown Partnership, Taharka Bros. ice cream and everyone who came to today's "Poets in Preston" reading!
So for next Sunday do I watch the mob wives reunion or lisa goes gaga?
Cable TV Ballin.
new video is amazing!!!
No matter what side of the argument you are on, you always find people on your side that you wish were on the other.
you should just go for it! No regrets!
Yes, I'm the dad @ back of wedding w/toddler whose head is on ground, laughing @ everyone from under butt, putting the 'ass' back in classy.
I need you all to use your best persuasive powers to get others to follow the CTL on Twitter. We need more people. Jeffco followers unite!
RESPECT MY MIND!...
I just earned the Sushi Sensei badge on #Yelp!
Lmfaoo this man is on point right here ": Reason to Josh Hamilton's success? He packs fuckin' bombs #dbh"
: Niall shows off his fancy footwork behind the scenes on the tour DVD! Who's looking forward to watching? 1DHQ x
dear lord
1st 4 companies just pitched to & mc at #SXaccel. I'm glad I'm not a judge :)
Estimated annual cost of obesity-related illness: $190.2 billion
Prep! Do your research beforehand, then be confident & friendly.
Hell did they see what they did to twice?!
lining up speaker opportunities for 2009 WiMAX Industry events! Stay tuned -
Thanks, Steve, for everything - the devices, the thinking, the marketing, the brand, the coolness.
Great show today! Part 2 of Susan Koeppen's survival story and we're giving away more ski passes! Tune in.
txt me the info!
I turned off all plugins, changed theme, reinstalled WordPress, but turning off Rocket Loader fixed it.
MANI/PEDI AND GHOST PEPPER ICE CREAM WEEKEND?
halfies if you win? :)
wtf is that?
RUSH tix are available up to 2 hrs prior to curtain. But How to Succeed isn't coming to the Hippodrome any time soon, sorry!
Twitterers are happiest in the morning, and most miserable around 3-4 p.m. each day. HM i wonder why??? haha
make a ustream .. i miss watching u... lmfao
Good morning everyone! And thanks for the recommendation
Welcome back to another great week at school!
Last night was fucking crazy... Emotionally drained.
follow and please :D x15
my 3 yr old said "she forgot her shirt! She's dancing with her boobies!" #familyshow?
cool and I bet u look nice and have fun!:)
moving to the 1950s
#Vicks infused #Puffs are the most amazing facial tissues in the world.
Thanks for the add as well!
Happy Mother's Day gals!
less funny than I expected also, commercial tv really sucks. I think the next few will deliver more. Loved "is this a ruse?"
Not many....NOBODY knows that I can sing like Adele. I ALWAYS hit the high notes in her songs(: I feel good about it.
it's going to be a bad year for bugs of all kinds. no deep freeze => ++bugs.
Morning got here too early today
Looks like our twitter has been hacked! Well work on fixing it so sorry for the bad tweets. :-(
I just want to know how to ween myself off. It's just a rote issue. Trying it now. It's working, but hard. See?
Seeking #Opensource Developer. #LAMP, #Apache and web skills. Contact
RT : powerful to see many young people speaking 2 Council @ Cambie Corridor meeting on challenges ~housing affordability in
Seriously? I'm getting e-mailed spam from Youtube? Yeah, this is gonna need to stop.
awe hung out with dalton
My question exactly - harder to get 30% more unique visitors vs page views.
RT : Phoenix Coyotes are having a "white out" at their game (all fans wear white), people in AZ ever think about other colors.
doing it for tenure, a larger discussion, seems natural for DH hires: and good luck! but maybe it's not for everybody yet.
Too bad none of us won the lottery. Haha
DO IT!
i knwo shands will and the heart institue in miami will.theres one in jacksonvilee too that does new heart proceedures
well alot has been happening here and there>>>>just random things
Google timbukt2 commute 2.0 messenger bag. They have all different types and sizes. This is the small of the 2.0
When you do somethin, you gotta do it BIG!
ESPN stay shading the Bears. Yeah dog they on some straight bs. That why the Bears are gonna straight house those clowns.
Why is the weekend over?
Watching some highlights from the Mets broadcast last night, good realize that every team has a homer in the booth.
These and similar ways of thinking are wrong
I'm so happy gay marriage passed in New York state! Sixth state to grant freedom!
about time :)
Why would I pay $6.99 for your boingo hotspot when my 3G is free?
I wonder if #oomf would take me back!
Well good morning.
of course who wouldn't miss my pretty face! Move to New York!
#30waystomakeagirlsmile The smallest things matter the most ^.^
I have 2compensate for my haggard face these days. Stress is funny: makes u thin but ugly & tired. My humor is my mask.
If it works for Special Ops, then it should work for art history, which is less dangerous & less crucial to nat'l security most of the time
Ha i just posted some lol I love Piercings too ;)
#NoOffenseBut BranchOut seems like a faker LinkedIn. I don't want to jeopardize my professional integrity. Where's my drugs?
Do you love to excel? I believe all of us do
Oof, total Xmas nailbiter. (Thanks, Melo!) It's clear we desperately need Baron or Bibby to have a throwback year.
take lots of notes before the actual process and use audio memos in your phone. Two things I do a ton of
u watching client list?
naw! It's just that after parking in the same 4-block radius thousands and thousands of times, they all blur together
Dear autocorrect, please quit trying to correct Caro to Carl.
An inspiration-
you were part of the University of Iowa commercial today with greats in all different fields. Awesome
Thanks! Glad you like it.
RT : How To Use HTML Meta Tags: Meta tags aren’t a magical solution, but they will help ensure your website appears o......
Do you like the finer things or are you a simple woman?
omg you ah heat hater
MICA Painting Chair Barry Nemett opening reception TONIGHT 6-8PM for "Adam's Crayons". Come to Stevenson University Gallery, Stevenson, MD
Here's hoping the , , & get #MKEDAY off on the right foot!
I write that shit boy you aint know
I think the moralizing was kinda the point he was making, or at least to say there's something to that anti-game critique.
Happy Opening Day to my second employer at Target Field. Play Ball!
Thanks for the follow Norm!
I'm sorry, but I love a clean man's smell (cologne/bathwash).
Scarborough's an ass.
"I'm out in left field, I'm speaking mentally but that's a better place than where them benches be"
ready for a free phone, make it #krushmas for me!
all stars tour hurry UP. >:o
RT Let's get this out there: 1954 final score was Milan 32, Muncie Central 30. In the movie it was 42-40. We're on movie pace
I got to figure out how to do that as well seems like I jump back and fourth all day #tweet to
No appetite for even chips and salsa? Say it isn't so!
A boy makes his girl jealous of other woman. A gentleman makes other women jealous of his girl.
q2) Translate content into media
Some guys with water guns just jumped on my bus, sprayed everyone and left... At least it's 90° out!
As always, my pleasure. Just keep doing what you do.
ok. Hook done. Verse done. U wanna put one of ya folks on the track or do u want two?
yeah, your dumb . lol
It's that time of night, when I browse Redfin for homes in areas I don't even live in.
no, but that's a brilliant idea... New business? MalavSax deliveries?
A kind lady just tipped the lady scanning her groceries and the other young lady that bagged them. <3<3<3
A favorite.
can summer get here any sooner
I want some birthday cake.
follow if you love being Mindless......
I'm talking about all the minraise folds with like 8 BBs and all that crap haha.
morning Trey hope you have a great day
$2.50 beers at today and tomorrow! Get rid of yer Monday and Tuesday blues.
if u have feelings for your ex dont move on...... <3
Advanced Mailing Services - 505-899-3104 - Ready to be your Bulk Mail handling service provider.
Casting males 7-10 and 17-22 years old for The Birthday Massacre! Auditions will be held 7/31/2010. Check out www.whitehairproductions.com
Loved your article 'Meet Me Halfway' - confirmed a lot of what I have intuited! Starting to relate to science like I used to
Hi, I'm a reporter w/, saw you faved our tweet about Rangers/Devils -- that's not you, is it?
New battery in my phone.. Lovin that.its lasted all day and still has half battery:P
New topic - LR4.1 RC2 New CA control is a HUGE improvement
For you, it probably means less sex too...
New MD Football Uniforms are sick! Let's go TERPS!
Promo girls needed for hire during #SXSW for sold out trade show several days during Interactive. MSG me for details.
tori and sky say hi from vegas
yeap... flyers are at #blend12 front desk and are good all year!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
the super glue the game needs...I'll help you get it together
and i are among the hidden
Spent the afternoon at Very cool stuff going on. Reminded me of being back at a university research lab.
RT : Rep. Hal Rogers: "I was irritated" at POTUS SOTU comments about tying fed. aid to colleges' tuition.
Tee hee. Page layout with book subtitle over your name makes it appear you're arguing that you are reason violence has declined.
2morrow starting @ 2pm; car & bike show @ Unique Cycle Speacialty located behind HEB Marketplace. Yours truly providing music til 5
Omg didn't do homework... Going to die
So do I! Last year was awesome but this year will be killer!!! Who are you excited to see the most?
Love my STL tweeps but I need to follow more Yankee fans, Cards talk is filling up my Twitter! Have fun @ the game
Well , we Never Rlly Saw Eachother anymore, & we Just Needed A Break!!
Ack! BCBhome opener at Noon tomorrow and Packer game at 3:30! Stop in for a slice or have it delivered so you don't miss the action!
"The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity." Walt Whitman RT
Thanks to everyone that made it out to Beer && Code last night! Great turnout and the four-player Simpsons arcade game session was a blast.
"i believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people. between five, it's fantastic." cum 4 group sex with your fav blond!
Beth...www.unityajourneyofhope.org share in our passion! Enjoy your down time! Bless Ya...
Business professionals in the Milwaukee area looking to make an impact in the lives of youth, volunteer for our Synergy conference Friday!
i tried but she gave me a funny look. so i tried to get a picture to show you and she ran away hahaha im being
I'm sorry that I can't be exactly what you think I am 100% time. But sometimes that idea is impossible to live up to.
well then you're for a real treat when you come to Let it Ho! We wear Christmas vests with like real sessy snowmen on em...sessy.
Absolutely! Next time, we must carve out more time to chat.
Make that 3.
yes, bridges...and much less smog than when I was in LA 2 weeks ago
ew who keyed your car??? And how cold is it? We are a little past Columbus & it's sunny :/
"GET YO HEAD OF THE CHICKEN BOX"
I love my church
can u spell bro....smh
Already preparing for some serious wiffle ball action this summer. Pitchers & catchers report on May 1.
I know chicks like this drunk woman
so yes? (not 2 b pushy)
LOL!!! RT : BREAKING: Andy Reid suspended from McDonalds for 5 days. Unnecessary roughness on a 20-piece McNuggets.
Thank you for the follow...my London friend.
"Fish is food for your brain", that's what my grandma use to say!
Seriously entertains me watching people climb onto the escalator... Some concentrate so hard
so i should change my name to the 23rd
What a ugly day just happy to see it
Life needs a slo-mo button.
Agreed. It's Thursday, thank goodness.
I just cleaned my room for the past four hours it's spotless though lol
sometimes. But. When you dive in - the written words are the character as much as the emotion.
Belated #FF on Saturday for A favorite online presence, indeed.
Council, city workers talk efficiency at goals workshop
Ya Mavs won!!
Damn straight!!
sick I'll smoke a blunt at your funeral
no way dawg
It was bound to happen at some point with the way I play. Ain't to worried about holes in a Martin after seeing Willie's!
and channel 4 just interviewed us for 10pm news about an american cab driver who has Rubella. Make sure u have your shots
I know this happens all the time, but the future me is saddened by this.
We have some big news coming soon... #pdxArtscene (please RT) (via )
thanks for checking it out!!!
The brother and sister get on my nerves, they're both so useless for the most part. The dad is the man.
have you thought about a KISS app? Great way to monetize the fan base using a new media vehicle.Would love to explain a concept
We did nothing but throw ourselves around on the floor.
You will become a native Los Angeleno before you realize it! It's a great city and the business makes it even more exciting.
never ! Only 1time from that pic ! That's all but I was playing no need 2 catch feelings papi :) <3 te amo
Don't feel bad the dentist accused you of being a "snacker": mine demonstrated how to floss--she didn't feel I had it down.
Spent the night dreaming about social networking thanks to the folks over at Spreenkler
Except for the nightly sellouts and half-billion dollar advertising contracts...RT Yankees struck out w/new stadium
Listening to a soundtrack of massive hail and car alarms
: Kanye west hates white people.
Oh my gosh i really just started laughing histarically and just was thinking to myself" I just dont give a fuck!"
#blackbabynames anything that's a car...or ends in "isha"
She came up with some good plans,I think she just wants me out of the house *shrugs*
The emperor has no clothes on and everyone in this room is marveling at his beautiful coat.
Sorry Blazer fans, but Patty Mills drives me nuts.
Gerald Henderson The Rain King
I have a strong dislike for Adam Dunn....ok I hate him.....
RT Great Kissing leads a #Pisces to sex.
No matter how far I go,and no matter how long it takes, no one or nothing can change. Forever yours here I stand!
HA! I don't know what I love more: the wrong tag or the so very right Wilbur reference...
RT : RT : RT : Denver Crime: Arrest made in Sunday's fatal shooting at Colfax and Pearl in Denver...
still on for tonight? I have 3 tix
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot. What defect does your daughter have?
#Press materials complete for our Annual Awards on May 10. Hoping brings the fun too...#justsayin :)
On a positive note, at least #redsox fans didn't have to wait to see #nickswisher give up a home run in the 15th
sucked cause all time low didn't celebrate Easter with me.....
IM MOVING ON...NEVER MINE IN THE BEGINNING!!
21.38 THE GREATEST in the world. No doubt. King.
TRAFFIC: Crash - WB Beltline @ Park St
Do u know a Holocaust survivor who performed voluntary work in a ghetto? They have until Dec. 31 to apply for a 1-time payment of €2,000…
MEET ME AT THE CUT NOWW
Have a craving for a Kindle Fire? Stop by Booth 1017 and enter the raffle to win one!
#Mominees spot during ABC Red Carpet reminiscent of P&G Olympics ad. Sweet.
on my way
Finally watching girl with the dragon tattoo! The opening credits are weird...
Congrats to my Trojans for winning the MIC!
I'm having trouble adding items to the cart, can you help?
Why do the patriots need some many receivers Branch, Welker, Gonzalez, Ochocinco, and now Gaffney.
": #Knowledge vs #Wisdom: Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad."
I'm supposed to be doing this online class. But of coarse, I can't concentrate!
Listening To Cold War Kids Motivated For New Beat Concepts.. Purely Imagination
Did you see any tarantulas? It's mating season! Oh, maybe I shouldn't have said that.
So some heartless bastard posted a picture on a like page on Facebook that had a seal about to be clubbed with a not funny pun on it....
Ah yes, the "69th of March"! Are you a NOID?
Listening to some of the Blues Ques I recently co-wrote and recorded for Film & TV placement. They really sound great - retro yet modern!
most probaly, he probaly just says that he likes girls, haha
same here, at least mine can only meow.
#nccetl admin looking for librarians that aren't complaining but want to help
And I died today.
turkey with provolone roasted pepper mixed greens and balsamic drizzle!
when are you up for that business meeting?
>statesman "a man versed in the principles AND ART of government (not politics) 1/2
Music Video Casting this Week Thursday Friday Sat.. email
Would love that! And hey, thanks for the +K on the Miami Dolphins; I'm still scheming about what to add to yours :-)
I agree and that's why I would have traded him! Its a honor to be a Laker. If guys don't get it get rid of them!
Am *very* interested. Thank you!
The most complicated thing in the universe is simplicity!
Its My Motherfuckin Birthday Its About That Time Im Happy As Hell
working on plan "b" now.
Great I hope you enjoyed it, I did! It's pretty cheap on Amazon about 11.99 or something!
Until what age is one considered a "young adult"? And what is the time frame bx "adult" and "middle age"?
Oh yeah. I'm opening for tomorrow night at The Comet. Wanna come?
Fantastic. "The people that make Detroit exciting aren't looking to be Brooklyn; they’re looking to revitalize the city they love."
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!! :)
Your an ediot !
Thank you Shawn! With all the twitter love we better get to see you at one of the events!
that's me dooeee.
gingrich #dodge on "is it a free market"
Hit me again, Tubesock..
TAYLOR is Our Song omg, awesome trendiee! :)
When will this day ever end
I decided organize my day, i have to be more time with my self and my kids.
Wise words from "'Saying believable novel' is like a motel advertising 'clean rooms'. If you have to say it, it's a concern"
RAYS WIN! Rays fans RT!
Answer: !! or maybe #RescueMe ... haven't decided...
What it is bro??
thanks for your comments and I am glad U liked it!
Back home... Where I belong
Still got it. Amazing run after 4 days off
4. more. days. of. school.
Can someone explain the whole eating Chinese food on Christmas? Why dont we just eat Israeli food?
"For TV, Black is the new green," is a real headline from an article about AfAm tv shows.
Feeling incredibly insulted.
thanks i feel the love.
why do you detest Michael Owen so much?
I dreamt that I drank the world's largest margarita. this morning when I woke there was salt on the toilet rim..That's a super bowl.
Yes. This. “: boys with long eyelashes are so cute”
Me and my micro-penis were excited.
where is your pic?!
I don't hate it... I just want to go back!
Greg Popovich was born in East Chicago - what?
As few as 20 percent of email messages are opened by recipients. Over 95 percent of text messages are opened.
I don't think I have ever been stopped at a red light on colerain ave
56% of girls carry condoms....The other 44% carry a kid... Sorry I thought this was funny, not Hatin!
The ball is in your court
having a swinger party my house tonight *christina the cuban*
in GreenLake tonight to try the selection from #anacortesbrewery the brewers told me 2 try the cask #wabeer ^aef
thanks for the tip :o)
:/ I hear ya. I'm still on a happy high from last night. L0L! :)
has cat disloyalty turned you into Mama Amy Rose?
BluePrint Advanced Training kicks off this morning! Welcome #Franchisees and Friends!
I won't just defend pop punk. I'll build a fucking army for it.
When ur are not welcome some where u can feel it and when yuou do slowly move away & know it was not meant to be God has a place for u 2 be!
I'm half way thru We Need A Resolution and 4 Page Letter. I think I have an addiction. Trippin off Aaliyah. Ima need more acapellas soon. <3
How is everyone?what r u doing this weekend?
I really want this iPhone check deposit to work. I hate going to the bank.
It’s my business to do God’s Business, and it’s His Business to take care of my business.
omg you're so perfect.
Digital Diary: Rihanna and Beyonce Define the Social Web Spectrum
i think im prob a directionator too.....
what about Austin?!
No better burger and fries.
Do you feel comfortable talking to your family about cannabis?
Hot spicy falafel sandwich and a quick al fresco nap, smelling the sweetness of grass drying in the sun--perfect summer lunch break.
aw this how we acting lolol no love i see
please follow dr russeau amazing woman
I hate how people walk right in front of me and they see me walking. I'm about to start tripping people.
Hey, Famous ! Are you still galivanting?
Totally anticipating an awesome night tonight.. Green dress, red heels, red lips and my nubian swagg... Scandalous!!
thanks for the twitter follow!
I gained lets see 1 follower in the last 2days #winning ..
Finally my assignment is done! yay!
But whatever. Hey, Rihanna sure does like to post a lot of pics of herself smoking weed on IG huh?
Genuinely shocked to not see the Wizards on there.
Vote today to help Chase Community Giving and the Anti-Cruelty Society become one of the top charity in the nation!
is reviewing local, wholesale produce pricing, straight from the farm. And searching for a pair of overalls.
Did you get a chance to see Alvin Ailey's Rehearsal Director Matthew Rushing at Clark Atlanta University yesterday?
Thanks 2 , & the #SMCSac meeting last night I had a nightmare about the Facebook Police knocking on my door!
they make a batch of cocktails - like old fashions- throw them into an oak barrel & age for several wks. adds a flavor layer
Here at the Curbside Cookoff at RFK- lot 3. is ready for you! Try our Trucko de Mayo Jalapeño today.
One week.... One week is all I can spare to hype
That's cool. It's nice here too so maybe I can get outside again this weekend. Mom will be gardening. You be good! xoxoxo
yup! Just trying to follow more people following the band so thank you :-)
"what are the chances of a guy like you, and a girl like me"
lol,no I just put somethin new on there
Ok, Brad Calipari is quickly becoming my favorite person in the entire world.
Season finale of #Dexter. That last... scene? It had to happen eventually. I don't want to wait 'til next season!
Review: Kip Moore distinguishes himself with debut
Im good , Lol how bout U ?
"I want to win a gift card!"
umm woke up this morning thinking...#roomiedate needs to be in effect ASAP!!
when are you gonna be in boston ??? so that i can buy all your shit <3
You'll never catch me speeding in NC ever again smh
Thanks!! RT : Congrats to and !!! You did it! Feels like just yesterday you started grad school!
In other news, Prosumer is playing Bunker in Friday. Who's in?
Well, we have to pay the bills somehow. LOL I would have to go work fast food if I didn't write more than one a year.
Don't be sorry the season was great im proud we made it this far! you guys are great and we will be back next year, Go Broncos!
Also big thanks to the host of the #BFT the interns Keone, Jordan and Have a great weekend all!
We think its mostly his backing up to Carbonite and streaming high-def satellite radio nearly 24hrs/day
Said I'll always be your friend, took an oath I'ma stick it out till the end.
Ugh forget the nap bc now my parents need me to help.. Only when I'm busy or tired.. I swear.. >:(
Not exactly.
Thanks for the RT - much appreciated!
When will my reflection show Who I am inside?
Note…I'm not saying I _don't_ think teachers deserve more pay. Many live at poverty.
lol Chicago is awesome! !!!!!!
: Better watch out for a Santa in a Batman suit. Ralph knows he's coming to town!
hey me and really wanna see you before you leave.
Working on getting everything ready for the record next month!
hahah that's incredible!
Kev Smith's new book "Tough Shit" t'is not a tough read.
Awesome talk today on death penalty in U.S. by David Garland, at U of Minnesota's Sociology Research Institute.
Just got Id thefted
RIP ANDY WHITEFIELD for you are with GOD and will live on.
Thanks for an awesome twiiter day hope you have a blessed night and fantastic dreams i will tweet you tomorrow goodnight. dont forget to =D
If you could build your own roller coaster what would it be? Where would it be located at? -Brad
Thanks for the follow - interested in checking out a meeting?
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? Great food but no atmosphere.
I love a month that begins on Sunday. Four weeks of pure visual order on my calendar.
Would you ever consider touring with the boys? 1D
"The man who wins may have been ‘counted out’ several times, but he didn’t hear the referee”- H.E. Jensen
"That is one hot wrap."
Being on your top 10 list feels so good! Thank you! 2 of my favorite ladies ever!
I always feel a little obscene when doing the hip adductor/abductor machines at the gym.
Would love to be kept in the loop! If i can help or jump in in any way, I would love to!
Thanks! And glad your premiums went down. Must be that top-rate First Focus wellness program.
My first single from "The White Room" is soon gonna be released! :) Im excited for you guys to hear it :)
I know. Man, I miss RichRod.
Is RIM getting its game back with BlackBerry 10? - CNET
5 hours? No way, if I get less then 6 or so a night my brain turns to lead. 7 hours+ works better.
"Truck crashes on NY highway, spills tons of yogurt" #yahoonews If it's Greek, ship it over there so they can pay their debt!
What up boiiii! Help me out with some fine lesbian followers!
Btw. That rejection was for the short story I scrambled to write in four days. But hey, even the bronchitis didn't stop me.
Looking for announcement of 2012 NATIONAL #Coty Winners from last night... Send out the press release..
I'm too lazy anyway
I agree.
too much #BieberFever with my girl! LOL
you're very welcome & thanks! :)
now following
RT : Happy Birthday to of ! // Cheers Chef!
Content worth monetizing? YouTube signed deal with Universal to introduce Vevo.
That thunder just rolled down my street. Very VERY scary.
Get down to the Q cafe right now! Killer show happening
Still think Fidel Castro is a better political baseball story. Cuomo isn't bad, though.
#NoOffenseBut you're going down today.
I imagine hell to be a place where all those Real Housewives who have tried to record albums sing 'Red Solo Cup' over & over & over.
Getting ready to head to "Disney World" to fix my vision #don'thate 👀
im bout to play marvel vs capcom 2
Where does a woodsman keep his pigs?In his hog cabin!
Sophia attacked me and Casey, Casey walked around with "I love sexy mamas" hahaha
Despicable Me
#doubleBoo for the #duh. How? I guess that's perrrty cool though... but you still suck
Spent all morning fixing system errors on a fucking brand new laptop that I began setting up yesterday. I think I'm just going to go 2 lunch
Thanks for the heads up! Love it.
Will Stephen Jackson still be a Buck after the TDL?
Taking a break from recording and all this stress to go to Knotts Scary Farm tonight with my friends :D
thank ya very much! :)
Khalil knows what's up
why are you still using pictures of Travan from 3-5 years ago?
U think I ain't gone RIdE
hahaha they call my mom coz I exhaust of a class hahaha it was gym lol
its so sad ! lifetime be havin some crazy movies
The simple believes every word, But the prudent considers well his steps. Proverbs 14:15
It's #WinItWednesday...to enter to win a free tee, tweet us something #fancy! Contest ends TODAY! So What are you waiting for? Tweet us!
I personally don't think that Tom Cruise is a good actor.
Great! Thank you!
EWWW get him out of my face
Dear followers and friends - my hotmail account has been compromised and is now a Phishing source - ignore links from me - I am fixing
ok no problem
why you gotta say that on twitter! Maybe it's just you Peter that I dislike
wishes he could brush his teeth with beef jerky every night
I'm swearing if I go there now, I can change her mind turn it all around, & I know that I'm drunk but ill say the words.
or you could just make my day worse 😢
A student that was in my instruction class actually came to the ref desk while I was there to ask for help. Sweet!
the music industry isn't an industry. industry implies that there's some cohesive organization to it all. it's a free-for-all
Oh what a gorgeousity day here in Nashville it's like a kitten jumped through a rainbow and landed on a heart. <3
So I do whatever any sensible woman would do... I go by the biggest bottle of wine I can find.
celebratin' the day...planting trees and shit you know
RT That "Nobody knows our business" type of relationship >
good morning friends hope every one starts off their day in a good mood on this beautiful day :)
school is the least of my worries right now.
Peyton Manning was a good qb, it'll be interesting to see what happens to him
Happy Birthday !!
Indonesia Lawyer club is so POINTLESS
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
I guess they didn't have an app for that?
FUCK.SEX.OHMYGOD. WARPED TOUR IN SEATTLE JUST GOT 446443169763231 TIMES BETTER. WANNA KNOW WHY?! IS GOING.
Heading to at to meet We are hosting author Karen Armstrong & Tori Murden McClure
Omgeee my friend hacked my twitter and beiberfied it lol
Started a raucous at the wedding table today when I said there's nothing wrong with a man hyphenating his name with his wife's if..
Wonder what is doing in Wisconsin???
Walking around walmart, I notice smoking a cigarette while eating mcdonalds
- So, got shut-out by Suppan? Really?
Might ask my cousin for sum drugs.He sells many.And i need more soon
ty so much Kim! im am so proud to have met you & i know all 3 of the boys have 2.never met such caring people as on twitter ty
ouch ! Now that's just mean !! lol
Thanks for the
RT : ": Any spoilers for tonight's RAW?:)" People will complain about it. Then continue to watch next week.
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B-) I cantt waiittt !!!!!! And are you gonna rap in the song??? :-D
The purpose of business is to create and keep a customer. Theodore Leavitt
Nice customer service, but waited 3 hours then sent plumber home after paying $49 after choking on bid.
s/o to all the peeps whoa int got shit else to do on mon but do s/o lol. hello all have a great monday letsgo get it!!
It's been such a long time since I've seen those gorgeous breasts of yours Suzy I'd forgotten just how sexy they really are! :)
enchanted by taylor swift>>>
Lmfaoo that's how he eat the booty.
Roger Sterling is a "G"
NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE TO A WILLING HEART!
So excited joined the twittersphere. Witty, slightly-snarky and always girly tweets abound!
Hello friends and fans. Remember we are open til 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays. Lets all have a wonderful weekend.
“We are in the breakdown phase of nuclear power in this country.”
You can not compliment Nikki she's to full of it.
I'm glad a local couple won the Mega Millions and not just someone passing through Red Bud.
Where I live you get to see American immigrants do their 4th of July thing
trust me, just as labor intensive is that you'll be after them to get up...
Spurs.. 13 players with 5+ points. That is teamwork.
Thank you so much for the darling postcard. Your trip sounds unreal. Keep living it up!
Ganglians were god! is currently melting faces. Up next is If you're not here...why?!?
gently to your maidservant—though I am not so much as one of your maidservants.” 14At mealtime, Boaz said to her, “Come over #Torah 4
or take Weedon to push Joe lol
Oh...the libraries should be getting some new stuff today! First come first serve :)
So much B.O. on the campus shuttle. Wash yo bodies, undergrads!
about to go jogging .
oh ... you brighten my nights.
love your blog and your #SM work. I'd love to connect with you! let's network!
I'm telling you, i got you. just tell me the bow-tie and i'll find it~ that's what poor asian friends are for! haha
grassos on transit by depew high school
No. I did not bite it.
“Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.” - James Thurber
It's hot AF
Hello back at you! I'm a dork on twitter but you can FB me, too. Love the Lidia Yuknavitch. She's my aqua-superheroine self.
Can mobile interpretation also be social?
Ride wit more sometimes #Followers... IM FREAKIN AWESOME!!! Lol!!
I forget lol, google it maybe? Haha yeah I always like choke trying to do the saltine challenge!
What did you grill up?
trying to, lady? Gotta keep the lights on. Lol
#GrandpaFred By the way Zak, from this house to this it's only about 4 inches. Just somebody got to be there.
RT : Lking for students to talk about new #Mifflin rules for an article. Tweet back or email:
u never tweet me ne more :'( ise saddened by this twist of events :'(
was fighting tears n rehearsal, emotions 2 high; that's why Chaka said no; no time 2 prepare deserving tribute
Thank you for the follow. Tolls directly affect your business. What's you feeling on them? Are they worth it?
Glad to see you on Twitter, big guy! It's 2011. Also known as the year of The Matus! :-)
Don't u hate it when someone follows you on Twitter and u follow them back, and as soon as u do they hit u wit that pre-typed spam msg shit?
I may be quiet around you, but you should see me with my friends.
Another lightning storm threatens. Sturm und drang with no let-up. I hope it at least rains, and waters the garden.
80's explosion here in the office-we have glam rock, rocker groupie, punk, MJ, Madonna. . there is a whole lot of bad hair going on up in
I'm gonna put a small flat screen right behind my toilet, so when I'm dropping reverse stink pickles I can tune in! Thanks
Lord guide my steps today!
Hit your girl in my whip now her pussy got that new car smell lmaoo
le ta se sin e.
I can already tell my #kindlefire is going to be addicting!
back on the rock, back on my island! oh ny how i love the.
nah, if you like your view better from there who cares? Enjoy it however you like
A chef inspired the idea. Pushed Farro as GF to her GF guests. Alarming!
just rocked Jay leno
Do I know the muffin man? That depends...are you a cop?
And what exactly do you mean by "fish tank"? RT : Fish tank is clean, would be proud of me.
PAUL OAKENFOLD "We are Planet Perfecto Tour" at FLUXXSD EDM Tonight! Message me for bottle service and a very limited guest list before 6pm
absolutely! Not this year lebron!
I like your idea -
good meeting you tonight man. can't wait to figure something out and go to work
I had a dentist appointment today no caveties yet. ~Ashley
RANGERS WIN!!!! Hank was awesome in net as usual and Kreider had his best game with a goal and assist!! Richie with the game winner!
I'm doing pretty good, how bout you?
Wow, thanks for all the new Likes! Feelin' the love today!
live Tweeting golf every weekend is the most interesting about golf. EVER.
I don't "favorite" tweets often...but well played.
My iPhone wasn't letting me take pictures cuz i had over 5,000 photos on there. I just deleted a bunch & am down to 3600. It's a start...
Bout to take a quick nap
Are you back in the H maam?
oh and the new song is dope! Just saying
When you're out with your family and see FIONE ass dudes <<<<
Are you willing to give up what you love for who you love
thanks for the follow i look forward to your tweets
enjoying a relaxing afternoon after an amazing 3 days of #loex2012 with
Fun meeting with today in Chicago.
Tried three new things today...happy hour at Joe's Garage, Jets Pizza, and homemade Moscow Mules. All excellent!
Holy shit. It just hit me how much i love one direction.
How can we build a better DC? If we could name five things that would make a difference tomorrow...
Thanks for the RT! Keep tweeting for justice and love! <3
Sorry for the mixed signal universe, let me clarify.... LIVE LEAD 5 6. #IwillNeedSleep z
Some days it appears my guardian angel is working overtime! #blessed Hope you all know you are blessed too
guess what follow me cunt
I didnt go to be amazing. 21 Jump street will followback I am clarkin so many flags in 2 touchdowns for!
TOM HORNER, FORMER INDEPENDENCE PARTY GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, SHARE'S HIS POLITICAL PERSPECTIVE ON HERMAN CAIN TONIGHT ON FOX 9 @ 9PM.
Fatso's now offers a wide selection of flavored vodkas - come try one...or two...or three...
mm u
Hate when stupid bitches try to act all innocent ... You know you did it just man up
Bro, we're not going to agree on many, if any, things regarding the Lakers.
Fisher Talent Management. LLC UK single to be released in UK January 2012
I don't think you guys cover the RED SOX(!!!) enough. “ Coming up...RED SOX GM.we'll ask him about everything Red Sox XM 89”
Dj Jazzy Jeff killed it at Moon on top of the Palms Tuesday!! SMASH TOMORROW @ beauty bar!! dubstep crew!!
Watching #Legion :3
Can I not have a god damn headache right now
Good morning Albuquerque!
I just heard that a Shaquille O'Neal is retarded and he thinks he's a leprechaun
Nick Borg totally just danced to "Call Me Maybe" in a very suggestive way. Wish I could've taped that lolololol
I spent the day alone. It was peaceful and healing. Everybody needs a little "me" time
Headshot Tip: It's great to get creative, but follow the guidelines that will keep them effective for online casting submissions!
OMG U N AUSTIN AREN'T FRIENDS ANYMORE
Thanks for the MobiDeals love! :) RT Rocks!!
a real treat. great to see u too.
Really enjoyed a Dark 'n Stormy (Bermuda rum & ginger beer). I think we have a new hurricane tradition.
Thank you :D
Happy Chinese New Year!!!!!
Hey!! Guess who left 's phone logged into her Twitter! This gal!! ;)
Tonight will talk about Your Digital Afterlife 7:30 PM.
I am pissed off cant find these damb #AARMS!!!!!!!!!
Bored out my flocking mind
what's this Tokyo crap?
This movie is.... Uhmmm.. Odd
Here I Am To Worship Here I Am To Bow Down Here I Am To Say That You're My God. You're All Together Lovely All Together Worthy & Wonderful!
netflix is my best friend
I dont want to mention him but --> BaileyyAnderson <-- Is his username and he is a fake .. On twitter..
Well that just hit me like a ton of bricks...
its Aj. I never moaned n shit loll. I legit came twice in the 2 years that I had sex with her Lmao. Why moan? lol.
RT : -----------»» RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
SEASON TWO IS LIKE SEASON OF THE FEELS
Hey Mike! Very much enjoy your blog! Thanks for the follow~
And yes, absolutely. Brilliant casting, this.
Thanks! And yep, you got it :)
Check out CEO & on for fest Next Sat 4/28 am at 8:40 am #ATXGoodFood!
i always am :)
Dresden Files? Terry Pratchett's Small gods?
lucky for you there's only 17 more days! Haha
We pulled right into a spot. I didn't notice if the rest of them were full.
Does anyone know if there will be any parties at #SXSW this year?
Go to sleep.
Every public appearance by Jennifer Hudson is a subliminal plug for
haha you're not lying, he's been awesome this year so far. just needs to avoid that annual injury and he should stay hot.
This is about to go off.
I'm sure you're being a wonderful patient and suffering in silence. ?
I love the new fanfic! It's amazing
haha I'm sorry!
so many varieties of apple at the store right now, you gotta get down here.
Hey Raph...that Osso Bucco sounds awesome! Ill be in soon.
TONIGHT!! Lois Lowry will be here! With bells on! Swing by at 6:30pm!
Its the lollapalooza one right? If not then link me to it pl0x.
It is Sunday, the concessioners are at church, I hope
Yeah, I think you would be better off with something like Yoga,
AllBalboa.com is awesome! Buffalo's representing: 7 dancers are here. Having a terrific time! Can't wait to teach the moves we've learned.
BRB FREAKING OUT. :D :D :D
Trill recognize trill and I don't know your kind!!!
the line up is divided into two groups. Some cities get one group & some both...
When your'e writing, how aware are you of what everyone else is doing in your genre?
Day two #3D scanning at Monticello. Wow it is hot here, switched to night scanning.
soak up some for me!
Salsa anyone? India swings to the Latino beat
On a mission to finish some work tonight. Could be a late one.
Damn, Justin, handcrafted by the angels or..?
RT We're now just 24 days before the start of the World Series of Poker. Bracelets are being polished as we speak!
You can fall seven times,just stand up eight.
I'm glad you're keeping up with everything #crew96 related!
There is someone I missed so much, that's.... My girl
It is embarrassing to ask for free admission to a nightclub or social. Even more, if you are a pro performer or instructor. Cheapskate.
": #AAAEPHX folk/airport folk in general: did you know streams all AAAE job board jobs?"
she seriously should have just sat down and watched to be perfectly honest. poor kenya. she tried.
Looking for robotics experts interested in skyping with a class of physics students, april 23rd.
if your not going to follow mii then i will just have to see you in person...................... at the #1 girl tour *MAUH*
your boy Howard just came up HUGE!
u having a good day??
Ha! They probably just want me to shut up about my dreams of owning a
text me ill give you the details
that's dope June right the tour hits #NYC. Wish u were hear bro
one more week to go!
Happy Friday from a Wisconsinite that wishes he was in #SanDiego to watch the #Fox5 morning show today!
haha, yup and patric and sean probably =)
I feel like im gettin sick.
"You can learn more from an honest, hard-earned failure than an easy success." Great quote by
Finishing up TBLMS with Brief Awakening then onto Spo Says
you are always welcome my love! i wish i could have been there to hand deliver them to you..but as long as you got them! =)
RT #Leo's live for love and appreciation.
Managers rely on manuals - LEADERS rely on instinct. www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
Welcome to all the new Zipsters that signed up today! Have fun at & do a little snow tubing for us while you’re there!
When College Softball is on ESPN >>>>>
HORRIBLE SERVICE! My husband ordered flowers for his mother on Mother's Day&they were never delivered.
Tip of the Day: Toothpaste that contains pyrophosphate adheres to the tooth surface and inhibits the growth of tartar.
Hahaha, ok, let's go with that then :)
is my new hero!
#20thingsaboutme I have a twin . (:
A next friend means they are representing someone under age, see in chancery and court type records.
Can't even go out to eat dinner 😲woww.
it's not my fault... the stache has control of the hands... the hands occupy the phone... luckily the brain deletes half the photos.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
After 2 years going now u wanna realize you've got testicals! All that Dick and no balls makeS that man a BITCH!
The 3 D's to succeed...Dedication, Desire, and Discipline.!
I feel everyone should know: I'm on my #DonDraper swag this morning. Knock first. Greatness at work. lol
Me too, but I can't figure out which one.
you must have a postal worker in your 'hood who is just as into photography. ;)
YOU STILL HAVN'T GOTTEN IT YET!.... Damn you really are lazy.
got it hun!!
children these days...I guess discipline is not the same as it used to be when I was growing up
Time to wake up and see what the day holds
I suck at bingo.
Does anybody want to stop by the Marquette Radio studio tomorrow morning for ' birthday? You're all welcome to.
I'm seriously swooning over here. The future is neat-o!
