Here to change the game!
PizzaMan don't come round here no more #FavMovieQuotes # BebesKids
PS. Nothing odd ever happens in real life. Send me to the Fringe unit or the "Island" ASAP.
. There are a number of ways to cheat the program. And through earnest convos w/ readers, I've heard them all.
15 more wins to go.
So today was hectic. Such a Rollor coaster of emotions. I was exited,disappointed,sad,happy,and sick all in one day. I'm glad I'm better now
fuck was D. Wade on
how do you say "who" in spanish?
can't wait to see you again tomorrow! Will only be able to stay for 30 mins, but at least it's something :)
Ménage has arrived...
that awkard moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out"
I know dude l: where've you been?! Haha you use to come over like every weekend.
Love is like the wind you can feel it but you can't see it
Kevin Plank makes alot more than 500k and he has created a few jobs in the last few years. Especially in this town.
A serious relationship would be nice. I'm tired of this bullshit.
Yeah, it's confusing.
#WeWontWorkOutIf you're not down with RT
ABC's of the Portland Spirit; E is for Executive Chef Shawn Smith. With the company since 2004, he does some amazing things in our galleys!
love you too sister!!! :)
Waving back at Your name has been mentioned by multiple speakers at Books in Browsers.
Oh fo sho. You? RT I'll ponder. You going to tomorrow evening?
See you there!!!
The movie rip i did with the guys of King Kong 1933 is live right now - I go live in 20 minutes, I want you all there too. -- ZenLive.tv
Dear sleep, you're mine!!
Hope to see you today for lunch...Main Street Public Parking Lot, Greenwood...
Yes, I did technically steal an extra coffee when the barista made a mistake. Yes, I am too tired to feel bad about it.
My niece is the cutest :)
Team Side Boob. # the voice
communicated w another student, Priscilla, via email, Twitter re movies, teaching practice
I heard about these incident but now I saw it and heard first hand from the mouth of victims. So sad.
G'mornin u. I know it's kinda late but I'm just waking up. Read ur tweet. Felt the need to say: YES GOD IS GREAT! :)
On a plane in Kansas City. Woof.
I better check it out then. Maybe tomorrow.
So, Reebok doesn't make booty shorts for dudes. I think that's sexist.
Thank you to for having us on the today! It was a great time!
Drunk people talking, texting, heckling, sleeping, yawning and staring at my balls...lol
Set my accounts to follow each other, and twitter sent me a notifcation of such. Gosh i feel vain now lol
lies!!!!! Told on twitter!!!
My assignment was to respond in 25-30 words. Good thing I'd had practice tweeting.
RT : hey do u ever have a #cstweetup during the day? :0( Another good idea=)
nigga.....I see you getting something poppin off lol
Jesse was quoted as saying, "Holder? I did much more than that!"
Oh well, must vacate by June 1. Will no longer be in Milw :-(
Are they winning??? RT : Woo Hooooooooooooooo.
maybe like one or two how many u got so far?
I ONLY GOT JOES NUMBER LOL
Come and see XA.net's CEO Rob Leathern speak at the AllFacebook Expo (#afexpo) in San Francisco tomorrow!
Must say, synching my Android (Desire) w/ MacBook remains a massive headache, even after buying $40 synchmate
Yo wats up with fuelTV not showing UFC live today? Got surfing on instead
Check out the Style Savvy blog for some really great gift ideas for this holiday season!
I'm hoping that mother nature is just saving the warm weather for next week.
Karma's only a bitch if you are.
I am trying :) How is everything with you my friend? You still got snow out there?
ha. i just saw that we're having the same problem. must be something in the air... :)
and they are wonderous!
I cannot wait to see october 1 I love you guys so much this will be my first time seeing you!
Busting 's Chipotle cherry...
No way, we only have one payment left on our car loan too, wild!
Plus J.R. is dancing with some kind of tail pinned on him, which is awesome.
Unfortunately, injuries are part of sports.
First day in the kitchen at Coast in Santa Barbara... Anybody in the area should come by, got some specials in the works for dinner
Heck yeah! Had so much fun with you guys!
Hey bro hit me with a DM I've had some new dope ideas for blasfome
k. But no forrreeaall
madison. if you see this tweet me. "i love food."
Georgous day for roadtrip to Philly
“: Just finished shooting a beautiful wedding at the Beautiful facility.” Thanks Scott!
It really chapps me when people in ministry exploit their station.
Marc D says "Rhythm is last great Frontier"
X followers 2X following 4X tweets. Always been like this on #twitter for me.
actually I think she is desperately trying to hold on to her dentures!
Jazz vocalist Cynthia Lane will be featured performer at the #Stutz Open House. Find her on 1st floor Fri night and Sat afternoon
hahaha mrs. Morgans class!!
#myfavoriteartist is ... Justin Bieber. DUH! What kind of question is that? He's the best!!! :)
bwahahaha! I like that idea!
Wait going to LA?!
YUM! Can we make this?!
there's one near the airport. :)
Very tough loss for #RedSox this afternoon at Fenway as Bard has another outing where he cannot seem to find the plate. Jays win 5-4.
If baseball ever goes to full instant replay review, it might look something like the #Clemens trial. Lots of objections and conferences.
Cool, thanks!
I do all my hardware dev (Eagle, avr-FCC tool chain) on Ubuntu, very happy with it. Try a Virtualbox of it maybe?
Shoutout to #HouseofTruth SBP and #HouseofTruth winner of the business award. Holla and Maria. #obviously the best house.
no Leslie hall photos? Sparkle? Sweaters?
YES!!! Don't forget! RT When Vinnie gets in, and wanna take a picture with him.
I'm still collecting +K for whisky. :D
Ah i'm sick too.
Good one!
yay! I never get sick of it!
Wish I could be laying out
Order dinner tonight! We deliver! We are on
It can't be possible to be labeled sane, because this worlds sanity is far from firm. The ground is weak, and the steps are heavier.
Wonder how many folks on the Alaska Seattle --> Austin fligth are actually heading to #SXSWedu?
#np 'Dog days are over' Florence + The Machine
PoliticsPlaza thanks for following me on Twitter!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles nothing to lose...because she was nothing to lose
Great pic! Thanks for spending time with us yesterday! May I RT?
Unfortunately I never left home base. I couldn't make it to Dallas, just keeping in touch from the Twitter sidelines :-(
Cake for mom baked and iced. Doesn't exactly look like I thought it would, but hoping she likes it.
Hopefully Notices me , i reaalllllly hope i get a followback from him <3 Follow Me austin ,(: please . #MAHOMIEforever <33 (:
Tonight, I'm 11.
Joe Hite tonight! Show starts at 9pm - Get down here and enjoy some great cocktails while Joe Hite rocks out on keys!
Age is not important unless you're a cheese. Helen Hayes
another phone interview today for a job in Michigan. please say a prayer for me and/or send "hiring" vibes my way :)
I don't owe you anything!
Hi, Máirtín. Thanks for signing up. If you come to the Summit in June, I'll personalize it for you. ;-)
- You know that lead actress is from The 'Ville? Still need to catch that movie myself.
Almost to 400 followers my goal is to get to 1000 followers
University archivist gave me the green light to pin and post many of our historical photos. Such a rich source of content!
So many swamp donkeys at this school it's
Oh, your wonderful flaxen hair...
come back to Indy!!! Maybe for the 500!!! Indy misses you!
I washed my truck yesterday so for the next few days, 504lady will drive around puddles on the road. #jussayin you have been warned. LOL
I'm addicted to tic tacs....
Can't stop taking pictures
Since its too late to start my hair.....movies! ^__^
i didn't lol but my major is Urban & Regional Planning
tonight was a lonely night. watched a movie all alone and now listening to music in my room all alone. i guess today's hate Kaelyn day.
Fun fact: Peter Weller is wearing Sally Jessie Raphael's glasses in Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension.
Chad potato
43 - 27 as Tata takes lead over Natasha, Natasha is furious and is all over her
Drinking Bridgeport Haymakers in the heat of the night. My apt is like the set of a post-apocalyptic sci-fi desert movie right now.
Working on so many projects simultaneously!
I want to get into hula hooping again and craft more in 2012. Just got a glue gun last night so I'm off to a good start
Happy Birthday
And now that I tweeted the word 'bankruptcy', I'll sit back and wait for the deluge of bankruptcy-related twitter spam.
Great night
Interesting observation - for every 15+ apple products I see (iPads, MacBooks...), I'm only seeing 5 or so Windows-based machines
Waiting for #Ghost Adventures tonight... Who's with me <3
Big fun with the Deep Blue Organ Trio. Thanks Boston and Sculler's Jazz Club! Next stop: Cecil's in West Orange, NJ.
The black guy always dies first, the red shirts always die first. The exception to these rules......Fat Albert.
#girlbyenotwiththem tarnished ass wanna be Tiffany bracelets
tweeted 23 mins ago must have been some party in big D. Also he is going to resign his big 3... b. Cardinal and Mahini
thanks, man
I'm not doing much of anything. Just chillin. Dozed off for a minute.
yet still 1 short of my magic music rule of 3
Donna summer was the bitch of the 70S, when she sang everyone shook their asses.
I feel like Im dying$!!'n
hang on. Change is in the air.
Still not out of bed.. Whatever.
DIVORCE, BANRUPTCY, EVICTION, Marriages Wills, Visitation Name Change Child Support CALL US NOW (727) 474 9988
RT #Cancer seems to have two personalities. One is very outgoing, funny and quirky. The other is shy, moody and antisocial.
1st Jock Strap was used in baseball in 1874. First helmet was used in 1934. It took men 60 years to realize that the brain was important too
My day is ruined...thanks for sharing the bad news.
Thanks for the retweet! Natural always taste better!
Yo twitter yall show some love and support to my bro follow him, tweet him
Back at the office after a very eventful February Biz Kid$ Camp
Where is my fiancé ???
I hate waking up from a nap with a headache #ouch 😰
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Sorry it's two days late!
Turns out that I'm an Under-Steeper. When it says to steep the tea for 3 minutes, I generally prefer 30 seconds. Have I been missing out?
Also, "the doctor gave me a pill and I grew a new kidney!"
Live the life you DESERVE...www.millionaireminds.org
I'm really really dying to know who was at George Clooney's house with the President.
when you gonna bring the "eye spot" back every time you drill that #threeball?
Haven't been on Twitter in forever.. BOY have they changed alot.. Hope to see less drama then I did over on Facebook? G'day Y'all
we BELIEVE in spreading a POSITIVE message 1 tshirt at a time
Day 1: in Albany, NY and heading west. Hope to make Cleveland or Columbus...
bring some to Madison!! I would loves me some cake right now!! No fork needed!! Lol
people so stupid...
National recall: With continued disappointing jobs numbers and 8-plus% unemployment, some in WI wondering whether #Obama should be recalled.
I love my job! What could be better than seeing people overcome , change & grow?
Just bought Karmin's new album on iTunes. Hm......
Are you guys ever going to talk about Major League Baseball?
i no im weird dats y im unique XD
I wish I could just drop everything and not care. But I can't. 
My husband missed his exit and is now stuck in that traffic! Poor guy. I hope the driver is okay though!!!
Thanks for passing along! Feel free to tweet anything soccer related my way, much appreciated.
by baci cafe area and verizon u know what i mean, i see the nathans now
Wrestlemania tonight at the Knight's of Columbus $10 includes tap beer soda and hot ham doors open 430pm matches start 6pm 732 badger ave SM
“: Mumford & Sons fans. Check out the cover of Awake My Soul performed at 's Easter services! centralonline.tv”
drupal7 with sqlite3. Who knew it could be so dreamy?
Hoes need to go loiter somewhere else other than the water tower....knowing damn well they only had enough money for a one day
Give your heart a break
oh... a man after my own heart... singing let's get married. :~) our first dance can be "Born To Make U Happy"
RT : here's to the kids who lawl. whatever that is.
Opting for just Organic food..Practicing home gardening. Its tough though but still the benefits are encouraging me..Care for our Planet!!
“: #ThingsIReallyCantStand tardiness 🕛🕒🕕🕘” Our lives...
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
heh. I already had Coldstone Creamery before The Hunger Games. Was quite good. #ironic :-)
Hehehe I know!! That's what happens when you oversee four twitter accounts! I'm back
it is the truth...
I will forever be grateful for Whitney Houston's moving 1991 Super Bowl rendition of "The Star Spangled Banner", amid the first Gulf War.
Good looks my nigga #wme RT : S/o to the homie for making another hit
MPD out in force stopping Cinco de Mayo drunk drivers. :)
From the 2007 book Playing for Paterno (page 86): "He sees a problem and he seeks to eradicate it -- permanently".
Bay Area RT : Need stringer in El Granada, CA to record audio interview on Wed. Pls send leads my way! cc
#IvyTech can provide you with graduates with updated skills and great attitudes. Call us! sent us #ccid2012. 001260255661
Glad to hear~ Good Job! :) RT nope. Stayed strong. But it was HARD!
enjoyed the Madison&Mistletoe party lastnight!!
How dare you post of snow with your doors closed! It's hard enough as it is
It was so quiet in my neighborhood when the Bay Bridge was closed. Too bad there's no way a shutdown is possible. Maybe I should move?
mike auntie rosa and lauren said hello..they miss u.
Do you have any height adjustable desks that can do both sitting and standing heights?
vs belmont postponed until Noon Sunday! Will complete current game and Game 3 of series will be 7 inning affair!
I was gonna salvage my friendship, but then I got high. :(
how much would the #Packers save in cap room if Hawk was released?
Anyone out there know of a short video clip (around 5min) about Adolf Eichmann and trial?
nothing. Doesn't matter.
PLEASE DO A TWITCAM.! I LOVE YU LIAM<3
": Is your ball sack ready for the realities of life? Take a sniff and answer that question yourself"
- Peter, would love 5 minutes of your time to discuss our Autism program and technology.
... don't be bugging me during my show!
Thanks for the RT's!!
Thanks to and for the giftcards for #smallbizsat!
Back in the coliseum. Kinda excited
Well, if Caroline would stand with Robert on the issue of Autism & vaccine injuries, maybe THEN Autistics could get justice
But you were awesome in Congo!
learn about media relations tonight with reporter ! CMU 126 @ 7pm!
go fly ;) lol
any interest in watching the games tomorrow evening? Maybe kickback jacks?
correctly pick the first five draft picks and the last pick in the second round.
#UX Why governance? User experience, risk, competition, innovation. RT
We can't wait for the #NFLdraft tonight! Two followers won a #ColtsDocsVIP table tonight ! Have fun & !
Im feeling very flirtatious
Come Visit your Favorite Mexican (ME) for Cinco De Mayo!! I'll be at ALW all day! xoxo,B
my. lips. burn!
What is going on with the #badgers? Someone please explain...
The Yankees want pitching and say they will speak to C.J. Wilson
And ps. I used to rock at Carmen San Diego
im good how are you
Today is a special day for all Latin Mothers. Feliz día de la madres, mami I Love You. Can't picture my life without you(:
Thanks for having me! It was a wonderful event.
You know what really pisses me off...people asking why I have a penguin
My brother's friend was flirting with me today. Are you serious bro?! Do u wanna get slapped!!!!!?
cuz he crazy as hell!
Wow! RT “: Patriots will hold a press conference Mon @ 10:30am ET to officially announce Matt Light's retirement
Yay! RT : Braving the wind and biking to for this week's first Lunch N Learn with and !
Nice! Loved your feature in Elle Decor, btw! I'm glad you kept those hanging star lights!
Percussive maintenance is always an option.
u kno that ms werd can save as htlm, rite?
Rats in the front room, roaches in the back. Junkies in the alley with a baseball bat.
5 TD games are a dime a dozen. 4 HR games aren't. Would you applaud a perfect game?
I have no idea where this bookmark on my phone for #Bing came from, but I am displeased.
um,,, really..? id rather beat my head into a wall..
you know how i do..smoked out in tha studio
I'd #LoseControl with because they never wanted to lose me..
please follow back please
I refuse to look at trending topics. Every time someone does a brain cell dies.
I've read the Constitution & nowhere does it state that rights derive from the govt. Read the preamble
well thank u twomie
4 followers now gaining popularity yo!
Teix w a double!!
Have a blast and break a leg!!
thx guys! Love my 'walks!
Just saw one of the funniest and possibly most important theater production of the year Nights is a must see.
Waiting rooms = loads-o-fun
Hi PLN, headed to Homegrown for lunch. All welcome.
At some point between now and 9:39am tomorrow, I will get two consecutive hours of sleep!
just finished walking the dog, fixin to get started this day. Busy day today. No sweat
and its crazy because they act like I can't see, hear, read, or find them.
sounds like a good day! And I agree with Wardog on the screen saver haha! :)
Good call, Evan! Star bar.
Welcome back to campus students!
My baby is cutee (': & it barley criess .
I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday, you will.
Bill Lamineer is on the NBA channel. cc:
Third witness for defunding PP claims: "There are so many people waiting to adopt." There are also far more children waiting to be adopted.
When u let ur friend down <<<<<
good to hear..... Let's finish business. “: yes. I'm back in the studio... Back to work finally!”
Np Clipse IM GOOD this song really makes me feel good
Quite Welcome Lady M. how was thy slumber?
I'm going out on a limb here guessing it was not from a .edu address haha.
just getting in the house
Time to ditch the razor n grow the beard out - deer seasons almost here!
Average pay raise when an employee is recruited away is 5%. Kinda makes you wonder if they're running away from you.
i fuckin hate him.
Club sirius tonight no cover21+ welcome! In the heat of downtown SA! Ill be live in the mix all night!
Ford escapes are amazing on gas if you get the hybrid. Coreys stepdad has one.
I'll take that as a compliment. I think?
I hate mascara commerials that use fake eyelashes - false advertising!
Thanks Amy for sharing Rachel's #WalkingDead blog with your followers!
I'll vote for y'all:) I wish I could go to c the bands that would be the best thing ever
#ASPChicago12 Thanks for the ASP recognition of the #Kennametal strategic planning process
Just went to and though they say they close @ 3 am we were denied service at 2:45 am...um then why say u close @ 3???
Love getting feed back from you guys about our posts and interviews!
Relaxing...... Just finished up reading rich dad,poor dad. GREAT BOOK!!!!
Lead Maiden
I don't like being led on, lied to, confused, none of that. just tell me how it is from the beginning.
I will stab someone if Johnny and Camila win.
#Moore, You Suck; #Moore, Bite Me. 2d & 3rd urban fantasy vampire comedy series set in SF. LOL popcorn reading, complete with turkey bowling
Alan Kay #NITLE talk: Is computing a liberal art? Does it bring wisdom?
Last day tomorrow, then it's Spring Break!!! I hope "this" goes well! Last thing I need is a big fat C on my grade
We are at 176 likes!!! WOOHOO! The 200th like gets a FREE copy of "Children's Songs for Therapy"! And.....go!
If you are purchasing a pre-owned vehicle try to purchase one that is certified
You guys are terrible at selling the AC series to someone. :)
hi I haven't talked to you in a long time
The Watcher!! lol
your singing is great, & you're gorgeous. :)
There is no way I would drive 967 Miles for a two dollar taco
I'm not sure but it better be soon haha
Going to head out and see my friends over and before the weather changes it's mind and goes back to 100
Please let us know if you would like some help shortening the titles so that it fits better.
I completely agree with you; just rationalizing the Brown's decision. I wasn't high on Blackmon at 4 either.
Fact: Condoms are cheaper than diapers.
A Junior Is Taking You To Prom!?
do I know you?
Thank you very much for the reciprocity.
I just finished taking 's Smartypants quiz. That was a tough one. Fibonacci series anyone?
Where ya at
I dont want converse . Why ?. I hate them ;(
it does! It was intense
are you going to go see BATTLESHIP today? :)
Jesus & Mary Chain definitely the right music for right now.
Love this! RT : !!! RT : I want to show that #cancer doesn't RUN my life, I RUN my life
My bike odometer really let me down
Got accepted into the national junior honor society
Hey fans, join me at Pietros Pizza in Milwaukie from 5:30-7:30 this evening as I'll be giving away tickets to Weds game!
S/O #JNC visionaries
Dittor! RT : Looking forward to tomorrow night hanging out with !
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more info. Thank you
Hey, follow this webseries That's the one #Terry Kiser is in.
I confes I've had a change of heart about #Windows7. Much faster than Vista and XP. The new taskbar rocks. Best Microsoft OS yet.
I have too😞
Shout to the grown men with swag cause they live with they mama so they pay no bills
My privilege and pleasure to join and at
Hoping that one of the players I coached, Aaron Williams, gets drafted in the 1st round tonight!
Hoping to see tomorrow happy hour, Delirium-Back Room, 630-9p! <3
got another question that i need answered will you just speak to me? XD is there a summer tour being planned?
having to do 102 global questions sucks
If I can make another one then sure :)
"On to Albuquerque!" - Fred Mertz.
I love ya ! Kiss mehh under de mistletoe
$3 PBR silos and FLOOG providing the music tonight. It just doesn’t get any better than this!
Thanks, Nancy! Many people also don't realize I invented the line "a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush."
its hard as a man but i know i can
took the words right out of my mouth
People getting heated in business ethics today!
Awesome! Gabby play it?
Homework time .
This guy will NOT stop texting me -.-
Cuz he can't make up his mind we broke up and now where back together
6. "I believe I've been bamboozled."
Well I'm going to take a shower then do home work then sleep..... -___________- wish I could watch #Glee doe.....
F*ck moguls. I want to see more mastery.
You will be happily surprised by a long time friend!
An empty lot on a gray breezy day, swing-set w/one swing slightly rocking & 1 clown singing sotto "Ring-Around-the-Rosey"
I'm on it. There are about 5 of us who sit in overflow. Thanks.
How did you manage that?
This could be Diana's last straw on the
Thanks so much for the shout-out,
Just realize that I'm not gone find someone to love me
is gearing up for his first patient! Ready to rock!
"I didnt even do anything abby did everything. I'm just dirty and sticky."
Team Cash & Prizes vs Team Twat
Thanks for the great question. Currently we have Selmer oboes, for rent & purchase options
I think in the end the tablet makes sense for limiting costs/space on the amount of books I need to read per semester.
If that's how they gonna do it the boyz should of won Last season too.
Sometimes I'm glad I wasn't born into a world with Internet. Of course I'm sure ppl thought the same about being born before electricity
i cnt tell you, everything is alright!
I don't follow eggs sorry to the eggs out there!! :)
I need more walmart buddies....
NO birthday weekend. :(
A very long earthquake indeed.
It's ugly outside 😒😔
is he driving a hybridzz... Burning some gas!
LOL....love it!!! I just saw your tweet! I miss you!! :)
yah...only female on the cover of slam? But like all women, shot from her waist and flicked it
The US supreme court has denied a petition to hear a nyc rent regulation case.
We need to start on the note (:
I highly recommend Steny's...they run 2 small shuttles & a bus and go in via Canal St, so no delay getting there.
How's Louisiana legislature going to ask the NFL to reconsider it's bans on the Saints? lmao. No bro. No.
Welcome. Just so you know, there are at least 100 places to dump a body just in Baltimore.
Great point : RT : RT : putting the big rocks in first!
Oh just in case you're not keeping track of the amazing writing spree: I've cranked out over 3,000 words in the last 3 days. I AM THE WOMAN!
come say hi! back between the 2 bars in the main room.
follow for updates on Virginia Tech shooting and lock down.
Tomorrow night: nothing but Mexican.
"Never rush into falling in love, because love never runs out Let love be the one 2 knock at yo door. Besides true love is worth waiting for
Everyone and their mother is here
Make up your mind or I will do it for you
And the same to you, sis!
Had a good day today with Alia, , and Ariel. Even though no shit was planned whatsoever...
i wonder what my grandma doing!
No secrets in houston for silymi oh well
Yep, I know he's my Pick To Click tonight :)
Appreciate the update on the Debt Limit that you were supposed to be providing via DC this week.
Yes, I we will bring the song, "Where everybody knows your name!" We're half cover, half Irish & all attitude!
Upcoming Pinball Show - Looking forward to the show in a few weeks. Many Portlanders coming down for it.
Are those donkeys?
Learning about some of the cool projects from at lunch. Very cool. Big props to
This sunrise with would be a lot more romantic had we not also seen the sun go down and been stranded for the last 6 hours.
Just keep living your life and they can keep wasting time hating on you
I love being a teacher, but hate grading papers and US history. Yawn.
He is all I need, He is always there, He is my everything, He is GOD. #reasonstosayamen💙
magic mushroom X)
The wicked man flees though no one pursues, but the righteous are as bold as a lion.
The stadium looks nice. I bet they don't server Boulevard though.
It was way too high-concept for us. We were lost.
It's a busy week, but I'm pretty sure I'll be able to make it tomorrow night. Excited to see who all comes to the table!
Today I just got the joke: why was 6 afraid of 7? 7 ATE 9
you sound goofy
Agreed, again. lol.
Get up and move around, don't risk your health from inactivity. And you just might have some fun while you're doing it too!
Flying. I don't think I could survive a drive... Already too anxious.
i miss youu!
Plants are living food, animals are dead food.
.U r coming to the Honey Child Event tonight at Aventura Mall right?!!!!
Keep it going !!
9000 people are having sex right now, 2000 are kissing, 100 are getting head & you.... are reading this.
we still haven't seen any for CATS, but at this point, we'll be sure to let you know as soon as we do!
❤IM GOING TO OCEAN CITY ❤
My #archivarioke plot is working to perfection
It's been said that if you want to write you should have something to say ... what will you say today?
too late, already paid for the lumia.
that is good!!!! ty for adding me :)
Map house is FUNK HOUSE tonight.
ppl love the lotto more, that gets more love than blk on blk crime. if I win I will spent it all to stop blk on blk crime
Good morning all. All I have to say is the #Devils suck. Let's Go #Rangers!!!!
Good Morning Twittheads :-)
those are much better odds then the #swtor beta! Go
"space to take care of oneself" amen! I also believe organizations need to take care of their employees
now following (:
yeah, that's pretty weird, i bet they all saw the movie Terri...
discusses PressForward as "catching the good" rather than filtering the bad
anytime homie! How much are t shirts? There's nothing like free advertisement.
The only thing I like more than my wife is my money, and I'm not about to lose that to her and her lawyers, that's for damn sure.
I'm not a stalker ... by the way you no longer have milk. xD
Thanks Anna! You and are invited to any future "company outings" (think beer).
Happy Sunday! On my way to the Riverdale MD Arts Fest ...hoping the sun keeps shinning
And the invasion of college graduation lunches/dinners in the north end has begun
i burnt my tongue.
Getting sick of 553498952223590 facebook app updates
And by "phenomenal," means that there was Mexican food and MUCH conversation re: Elaine Stritch. So.
We are looking for a shuttle to the moon. Or at least gearing up for the fall. Booking shows left and right. Busy months ahead!
He was always picked first for class president
totally had a dream last night that i hooked up with channing tatum... i think my brain is on drugs.
"Guys and Gals of Broadway" kicks of with a panel discussion with workshop presenters.
WHEN I GET TO 13,700...... ILL SHUT UP.
Brittney loves the SUPER MOON.
One of those will lead to the other, eventually.
Are you in the Midwest these days? If so, come visit Chicago! You could eat well and drink very well at my restaurant, Moto.
hey I'm from TN too so Waz up and Ur rite I hope people quit spreading rumors bout people
I am beginning to believe the phrase 'No rest for the wicked' is actually true.
Just finished baking 3 red velvet cakes for delivery. Love to see pics of your cheesecake. Always looking for great new recipes.
THAT BOY IS TOO PRETTY FOR MY EYES TO HANDLE
#FollowFreakyFriday some of my favorites are
Setting goals is the 1st step in turning the invisible into the visible. ~ Tony Robbins
indeed it is
I like when tweets "hella" LOL. so entertaining.
i like her short with Jordan 3's on her feet
You're def. right about that. There are hardly any cars.
Girl: what color are my eyes? Guy: 34D
pay for me as a birthday present :D my birthay is the 16th!
Forgiving student loan debt won't solve the problem. Students make a choice either way. Rather, we should focus upon systemic changes
Dont hate on corn flakes an red wine because you cant have it missy! I have been stressed and it calms my nerves!
you go see it and tell me what you thought 😉
Give Thanks For What You Learned Today, For Every Lesson Understood, Is Another Star In The Sky To Guide You Home.
Is it weird that I find James Franco attractive even though he's old as my mom?
RT Real men don't wear their pants under their ass to show their boxers
here I are! You follow some good stuff!!
you're not alone, even in HHs under $30k/year smartphone adoption is ~20% (more if you're under age 35 or so)
The JoeMobile will be back downtown Tues- Fri this week serving hot, fresh italian gourmet
can you follow me back please? :)
my mom doesn't usually watch ABDC but I forced her to watch your performance last night & she thought it was great<3
Hey, got anything in the works for 8/7/10? Johnny Cakes will be in town for a TV appearance on 8/8 and is looking for a show.
pittsburgh pa...you?
Hanging @ Organic Theater's event From the Ground Up, Pgh Artistic Directors & Playwrights face off in Play Slam format to foster new works!
Thank you to each person who has served in the military for being willing to lay down your life on my behalf. I honor you today.
I know I'm gonna cry like the bitch I am during next week's Desperate Housewives :-(
derby day
Received a physical paper letter from #Google about a Google service.
finally....It felt like #Adium 1.5 had been in beta forever!
"I'm insecure about my appearance" - Zayn
No doubt! Let me peep that joint
Thanks to Anna DeLoi (harp) and Nash Ryder (violin) for their lovely performance of my music.
It's official, my 12 wk old daughter digs , love it!
because Racine Horlick won a contest for a private concert
yeah I changed it ^_^
Re: HW/learning? Is there a school or Parent-Tchr Assoc or student gov't policy concerning homework?
Excellent. My wife's from DC & I've always enjoyed visiting. Not sure how long I'll be in Austin but enjoying it while it lasts.
about 25% of guys do this when asking a girl out on a date via their cell phone what is it?
RT Aspy71 Luv it when an investment works. I made an investment December 23rd and doubled my money the other day when I sold it.
thanks for the RT! Thesis = treasure hunt!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
“: “: Why doesn't my family eat dinner anymore?” // #makeyourselfadangquesadilla” or my man #Mario could #elpaso 👍🙏🍴
double digit attendance for #whymentor with come on over and join us.
Oh, yes. And a boat ride. Hope you're having a good day, too.
haha yeah Idk how I lasted this long
First impressions of STL vs. LAK series-- winner advances to the Finals. Good chance that team wins it, too.
Super Jealous.
Rudy Gay is the more talented man's Vince Carter.
#HappyBirthdayMadison why won't this trend?
"End motorist aid and call boxes" = #floriduh no man's land.... If you don't hear from me, you know what to do...
I'm just now seeing this. Great to run into you too!
Back to the grind tweeps...LETS GO
The (VW) dog losing weight so he can chase after the car
Bulls fans hollin even though they got basically the same team they had last year & lost in da playoffs to the same team lol. smh
Yes it was really good. I'm currently reading Hound of the Baskervilles so I'll finish it before next week's episode.
When I started getting sick I was still tweeting- but then the app I was using said tweet sent but it didn't send them- continued next tweet
PlanB always gets me in a good mood
An estimated 46 million adults in the US have doctor diagnosed arthritis, like rheumatoid, osteo, lupus, gout or fibromyalgia.
John at may be the best server in the city. Been there 3 times now and it just keeps getting better.
Ron Paul will be on tomorrow night. This will probably be the best "debate" we'll see in the next year.
Quote of the day goes to Tayler Payne.
now THAT is hilarious!
Good morning fans! Got your iPod cranked today?! What's on the playlist?
RT : Indonesia calls for Partnerships for courseware development, research collaboration, credit transfer, professorships
: Chicago west suburb. You're not coming to Printers Row in June by any chance, are you?
u going tonight??
I'll bet that phone doesn't even have the option to turn on the ringer. Vibrate only.
There was a missing persons report filed for Gallo
Watching #RHOC the dangers of alcohol can someone tell Sarah to
My mom hates me. >:(
go follow .
Have a great weekend! :) RT ": thanks for yesterday #FF way appreciated! ;)"
Still on the road
On a related note, anyone near UCLA or in Santa Monica (or NoHo) have a lab coat I can snag real quick?
why he give his number phone for me??? I really don't know him.............haha
#Lids has great caps got a new 59 fifty NYYankees with the fur cap
they still sound sexy! ;)
Why am I still up knowing I have to be up early.
Yes! I understand. They are both big :-) I just had another owner out of work wanting to sell. He has had it for maybe 6 mths. 7500
i love #google doodles, but today's is really, really irritating.
Preparing for the AFA Annual Meeting.
Oh, you're so welcome. And thanks again: really needed something like that this week.
cant wait till i get home and can get a job to buy a drum kit
To be with you & only you, forever #ThatsWhatIWant but then I remember that's what I can't have..
: Today is my last day ever to play with ... 😭
hm i didnt even notice the earthquake. I guess I was so engrossed in tutorial creation....
it's beginning now. U in town?
I'll ask you to take a glance & see if it's worth it once I wrap getting the dust swept, lol. :D
#21CRadio Q6 What apps do you think are most beneficial to artists for getting their music heard?
I might be having a bad hair day but that's not gonna stop me from having a great show w/ Chris Garneau & Mananaland at Soda Bar tonight!
That's sexy!
no doubt
Photogenic, Don't think u can take a bad shot. Like the redish scarf. Who's your photographer?
Thank you! Are you gonna be at our show on April 13th in Joliet?
Much love to our style agents stopping by the #momsFF Suite
That's what we'd like to know! Many mention the importance of saving friends, family, heirloom items. You?
. on polling #: "The younger the conservative, the more likely they’re either agnostic or supportive on...gay rights issues."
come to uc irvine!
Good morning ninjas! Great job this week working on the beginning of our new form.. thanks for your great focus this week!
so great to see so many of my #p2 friends and #socialmedia geeks live tweeting the #SOTU tonight! Keep up the great work!
I tempted to try and get into A7X just to see them live in June
I know I'm into it!
will do. Finishing up a new website. Will have it up today (I hope!)
MiF is now available at the Wachusett Artist Emporium in Holden, like their page for more information. Author signing on March 24.
OH for the love of god.
no I'm getting my outfit ready and stuff
seem to see all the suffering that goes on all around them. GOD BLESS u for trying to make a difference....!!
Great to hear that the USDA released strong, rational nutrition standards for school meals--even if french fries and pizza remain a staple!
I'm not the 1st to say it, but if Stafford can stay healthy he's capable of producing some major numbers
thanks for the RT
When you see something and actually stop to think about it (which you shouldn't do sometimes) you're scarred for life.
UNC. Hey, Bullock name is Rodney. Cool trivia. Nice 3 point shooter.
Time to break a few rules
can you please tweet princeton from a happy birthday ?
worked on 's show today.
i like that
#crew96 nation...youre going to LOVE the changes made to the stadium this off season. It looks amazing out there...
me too!
looking forward to working with you in a couple weeks with the !
#IfonlyIcould find a guy who'll love , care , & support me :)
okay day i guess.. got some cleaning done. pretty exhausted.
MBA student/working professional showed up in B-school before 9:00 this morning. No power at home; needed spot for a conference call. Done.
Reggie White. Did they make one for Nick Collins? Wearing his jersey seems fitting, consdering his departure.
All I know iz ur Gorgeous!
chances are, whenever I think "man why does that guy's voice sound so familiar" and I check imdb, the answer is "because KOTOR"
#Longgdayyyy tired night.xo
oh...easy peasey. :)
nah fuck that, sometimes it isnt even worth it tho
Can't sleep - decided to get up early and see who's on!
#BoosieTaughtMe Nothing; I Don't Even Know Who He Is...
Life is never easy for those who dream, and the people who don't dream just go through life when really, you need to grow from it.
66 butterflies done, 34 to go...
"Vagenda." Walter, you slay me.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 16
okay we will hook up I know you are one of the hottest in htown
this is abt proper regard for customer & following through - company needs this regardless of social presence!
Number 1 goal is to be happy. After that...everything else will fall into place.
pastor in tx says only 4 or 5 people in his church donate. calls the rest 'devils'.
[Campus Bulletin] The next little punk who pinches one of us is getting suspended. Seriously people. Go back to stealing our Ts.
Great tour, wonderful students and an education that can't be beat. Congrats to all closing out another successful year.
Several of my friends who work downtown were told not to wear suits for fear that they might look like the 1%.
oh oh oh oh you know it boys!!!!!!!! :) thanks boys for helping me pick up all my pieces! much love boys!!! :)
And I definitely learned a lot from this one. Thanks for organizing.
Aloha!! RT Well you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man.. no time to talk
That Alexa girl is so cute!!! :)
Watch live on #16WHAM this morning for information on tomorrow nights #IFALLOFROCH Scavenger Hunt.
and a bed
but dedicated.
Its too the point where i dont believe no nigga . In love wit my money instead.
it doesn't either
Can I get a RT for taking down 2 value meals from Culvers on my drive back from Indy today? ----> Yes, please explain the order.
I trust you're saying 'yikes' because you had to spend time in the land of Mitt?
I had 600 dollars on April 7th for my car, thanks to prom and other bullshit from school I have 300...
Thanks Kyle. That was near Tikishla Park.
Yes, we screwed up, we're leaving it open for another hour!
new at 11...convenience store robbery caught on tape and police believe same men have hit several stores. we'll tell you what they're after.
where youu live ?
my favorite person on twitter
can you check your DM please?
I haven't even been on twitter lately
y r chu in the hospital O.O
Yeah. I can't wait to begin volunteering here though. I miss being in a library. Even if it is just a couple hours a week. :)
that formula one is back on the TV .. Sunday's are for formula one
I bet he misses you.
A spot in the homerun derby with Mike Pelfrey as your pitcher. A guaranteed win!
“It’s not an adventure until something goes wrong” - Yvon Chouinard
planning and thinkin on st pats day
Modesty is not only an ornament, but also a guard to virtue.
From being in too many public mtgs I've learned that the ugly neon bike pin has given way to an ugly neon "JOBS" pin as a fashion statement.
CURSE THE FRENCH!
So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible
": lmaooooooo that was not intended for you.....#shotdown" keep on simone...
Our time got away from us and I realized we didn't get where we needed. Sorry Jane. #
So happy for one direction <3
"10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Today we have no Jobs, no Cash and no Hope."
My affection for her goes back to the sitcom version of "E/R".
I agree id like to see Hope in sporting Blue
#ificanthaveyou no one can
ah so tired
yup :3 does any celebrity follow you?
Santa Monica to Westwood in 11m flat. In rush hour. No traffic on the 405 or 10, what's going on LA???
hope you get better, sad to see you go down.
aw, and I think he could be cute. So congrats on being cute and not someone who promotes binge eating on TV for money ;)
in the arena of IP, as most others, Congress forced to compromise - see, e.g.
I'm tryin to be in shape by June 1st. Nevermind the "month-and-a-half" I told my co-worker before he left for vacation last Friday.
Karma takes too long. I'd rather just beat the crap out of you now.
thanks for keepin us in bizness! RT Happy National Library Week and thanks for all the amazing work you do!"
little? I don't understand! Could you tell about it ?
Platinum Partners Are Artists That Work Hard on their Music/etc that deserve to be recognized if you got what it takes shoot us a message
killer dress young lady!
Fighting the urge to unethically tweet during this ethics seminar.
Welcome new followers:
*pops my claritan* RT I'm starting to dislike the near death experience I go through every morning before I pop a Benadryl.
Brazil (1985), second time. First time on film. I bought the Criterion boxset way back in September 2006
Yeah, but the trick is taxi dumps you at Amtrak door on 8th. When I take the subway, I walk 8 mins inside Penn St.
And I mean that literally. RT : Would likewise love a glass (though I'm not much of a gentleman).
I really want one but I have a PS3, Xbox360, Tivo and Apple TV. I only saw one extra compartment.
Travel Channel is showing shark fishing - anyone ever done this before? lol Insane
ANSWER THE QUESTION!!!
HQ General Orders: “To prevent any false alarm, notice is given, that the Riffle Battalion will discharge their arms tomorrow at noon.”
In the 40s. What a beautiful day in Chicago
she's GOOD...still in culture shock tryin to adjust to the heat lol
RT : In last 6 games, Babbitt has hit 13 of last 19 attempts from three-point range. Somewhere, is saying "told you so"
Sick. & now I have to Gargal Slat Water & Drink Nasty Thermaflu Tea:(
Um we don't know what that means, Gabriel.
#cwebodymedia define key marketing strategy last, target market and product positioning first
Is there any concept or tradition in your culture that can be linked to the appreciation of older people and active ageing?
It revolves all around one person.
Sales of handset arm lifts Sweden&#39;s Ericsson in QI
what celeb do you think would marry me???
I'm at 3,920 tweets
cus you are the only exception
When your connection is too slow for instant, google tells you that you'll have to press enter to search. Never would've figured that out!
I will take the guys out for lunch and a few drinks
How's everyone's weekend going? I got the potato salad done and working on some peach cobbler!
so sorry for the spam tweets. let me know if it happens again! thanks for the heads-up,
"I did it" did what? "did it on it"
poor kid >.< especially in a room where im like ' idgaf shirts coming off' lol
Found out about a Technology & Mobility Symposium coming up in #KC soon @ POWER UP! & can't wait to get back to the office to tell everyone!
-He is the bad guy. Lines his pockets yr aftr yr, takes evry sub-500 season directly 2 the bank. He cares not about winning
chip added to the trouble
way to freaking go North Carolina.
Perhaps a mash-up: Bacon Innovators! I'm in, just let me know when.
Best birthday EVER!
It's me, Elkins. How are you doing, skinny girl? Looking forward to seeing you program next month...
more arrests second night(last night). Protesters assembled at plaza awaiting police action. No apparent arrests yet though.
Specifically--it's at the "Editors' Round Table."
GO KINGS GO
It had me pondering a follow-up to LA Noire set in 1975 and starring Jim Rockford. Make it happen, !
a pic if you want. Then he came over to make sure I got them haha and we kissed and sammie took my icon pic of us :)
"Forget about the business outlook,Be on the outlook for business."
I'm eating pasta but I'm craving for oatmeal raisin cookies D;
Thanks for stopping by!
I'm excited to join this band but I'm suck at playing Guitar so I got kicked out from the band-Gerard
when we had to babysit Mark?😄
George Zimmerman should of been charged in the first Degree. His intent was to kill. #Truth R.I.P
Off to pick up groceries. No more classes till Monday. Thank you #collegebreakday you are much needed :) lots to do this weekend!
Sleepless night again :(
Not excited about the details of getting a brain ct scan, but I am interested in seeing what my brain looks like...I bet it's beautiful. LOL
I meant I hope NOT that Justin Bieber is the new Elvis- he is too babyish!
I know you may not change your oil very often, but when you do, use . We come to you for a change!
We are so excited a about the Twitter Party are you ready to #IgniteTheWriterWithin! Come join us!! We can't wait! :)
haha k thanks again :)
And did you notice 's comment? Well put! It is hard to compete with Google and Amazon's interfaces...
Camera Shots
Pay your dues!
OU Regents are still in a closed-door executive session. They've been in there a LONG time (over 1 hr 15 min). Soon?!
I knew those muffins didn't stand a chance. Nice job today.
day off, pay day, slept til 2, waterloo spring sale, kid at whole foods riding a bike on the patio wearing a cape - it's a good day.
The Quiet People Be The MAIN One You Never Expect It Then Its Like BOOM.!
You're too kind, Thanks for the shout out! How are things over seas? Happy Friday!
Im not very happy right now
I guess the gov thought people are too relaxed so they teamed up with the media to over-inflate the hurricane impact. we're subdued give up
My Big Fat FAKE #Wedding" starring...#Kim Kardashian! Gee...no surprise there.
AM is in before or after 5? You're not goin' soft out there in Cali are ya?!
$50 coupon from Men's Warehouse, yes please!
Underground Champion Mike Quackenbush will be doing a sit down interview with Greg Hunter.
he's a lucky muhfucka
Beautiful! What'd you have?
Shooting poster picts for the TV show THE CODE. L.A
RT : "Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders." -Friedrich Nietzsche
Best of luck to one of my favorite people at tonight's
DID YOU KNOW: Drivers falling asleep in 2009 cost Americans $100 billion in damages and losses. Got Sleep?
That is a powerful point.
Thanks for the mention!
Learning great tips at #sm4np thanks to , , , , ,
RT : love that bread >>us too Shira! cheers and have a great weekend!
Anyone else's kid ask if they can bring their plate to church, and when you say "no", they pick up their waffle and say, "waff cherch?"?
Med school isn't building blocks like that, it's more detail than you need... have you been to medical school?
Forgot to plug my phone in. Going offline for a while.
Ima keep doing me !
in 10th grade Josh Chandler was an accomplice in putting bath & body works hand sanitizer in my drink. I was sick for 2 days 😷
DM us or send an email ASAP to to bring to
bhahahah should I forward u the texts? Bhaha
Salsa - Montuno Swing at the Shattuck Down Low, Berkeley, Thursday 11/24
There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within. Susan Anton
ask a historian a question and you'll get s stack of books in response
May the fourth be with you.
Treat jar at work has been refilled...today is a good hump day
Don't nobody in Danville go to college. Lol.
I would be up for it.
omg you went again? Dx lol you have to take me! miss you to(:
@ mingo park ball field :/
I was really intrigued by the synopsis of READY PLAYER ONE so I look forward to your thoughts.
Happy #ValentinesDay to the most beautiful woman in the world. I love you, and miss you baby.
probably swallowed up in someone's cleavage. :)
Show tomorrow at The Grape Room in Manayunk. Set starts at eight.
We will be performing at #DeLunaFest2012! Alongside etc. Best #real rock festival!
#luv #Vegas just showed up to hydrate us...thank god I could use something wet in my mouth
I want a web on wheels. Then we'd be talking a seriously mobile web.
if it works then I will have found the perfect blogger tablet that will let me blog with embedded images (can't do w/ ipad)
Google+ has a learning curve and it's not perfect now, but it's still in development.
Where love reigns the impossible may be attained.
hm #confessions?
Someone help my infection has spread even more
Just updated the Facebook settings
Aspen Insurance chief Mario Vitale discusses 2012 market Mario Vitale is co-CEO of Aspen Insurance in New York. During the Risk & Insuran
Recovery is going very well. Thanks! My #Nike+ GPS is booty, so no real data there. Next time I'll wear my
May I Get Some More Followers ? :DD
life without god is like a unsharpen pencils. It has no point
Check this site out. Its the best organic banana bread I have ever had.
“: his manager needs to play the same lineup and quit fucking with their heads” COULDN'T AGREE MORE!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🏆
Hi everyone! I'm just catching up with all my favorite sites! Happy Monday!
WSJ is saying Facebook IPO is set for May 18 - makes sense why Zuck was on TV
I hope you're going to talk to "phantom" again since we're not talking... 😞
Looking for a graduation dress :) What store should I start with?
Nice to meet you
ready for bed. too bad i am 7 hours away from that
ADR work for the CBS pilot "Three Rivers" - shot right here in Pittsburgh.
“: only on fb you can cure cancer by liking a link” and here by RT
omg no haha. I wish ): ive been trying to win some on KIIS but its hopeless.
call it a tie?
I guess you stepping your game up seeing as how you always having gay guys trying to hit on you. #swag #pow jp lol
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday. :-)
The Basma Hameed Clinic is donating Areola Reconstruction to Breast Cancer Survivors*Avon Walk June 2-3
Best student email subject line ever: "I am confused."
... the family here is really going to miss you. Please come visit us!
I got a $5 kit from Target and some seed packets - we'll see if the pepper plants ever appear.
hey justin, just making sure that you're back on track.
LOL. Given that he left some in the smoker last night (on accident) that is a plausible scenario...
I wish my friend had a twitter or fb
You're running through my mind, and i don't know why, but i guess i still miss you..
Lol! Exactly what I said.
Hollywood is cruel.
youtube "Dolly the pitbull". Kind of same story. Looks just like my Brock. I cried.
Recession? What? Millionaire drops $190,000 on hovercraft
LOL. Word. We should. One more though. Why is that chick Kisha so greasy?!?! Sheeeeeesh! LOL!
the end. Saturday.
I'm in a mood.
- one of many :) much as i love cheese (and i really do) a Scottish accent is also a delight....dare i throw in Gerad Butler?
haha I'm just cool like that(: lawlzz
I vote for both!
U and me against da world
"Winter is com-- Nope, nevermind. Carry on." - Game of Thrones character in Los Angeles
I do not get herringbone and houndstooth.
Okay, okay, back to work. Hopefully you'll all still be around when I get home later!
really? :o are yiu a junior?
I'm On My Way Sun!
"I'd rather you tell me to hit you later, because you gotta finish a paper then to be in my face asking for a rosea cup "
#LUMINARIA FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. FOLOW ME.
The only thing I knew how to do was to keep on keepin' on...like a bird that flew.
Hanging out at the dog park at Third and Bell. I really, really, really miss the Weims. : /
I must hav carpenter in my family...cuz i Nailed it¡
If it were up to me you'd be out.
wow, thats a new all-time low for that place...keys-n-hand!?
Try To Have More Faith and Less Fears, Try To Express It To Your Peers
So take me back take me back to the place where, I can get more swiss rolls.
current SAG contacts and AFTRA contacts all stay in effect until they expire and then we'll have # oneunion negotiating for us
aww this reminds me of us singing as loud as we could in your moms suv :) ten thousands spoons when all you need is a knife
Lenore Wolf, a lovely lady in her 90s, is talking about progressive education in NM and how it's evolved over the last 20 yrs
Huh, I'll have to check it out then. I can come visit you right?
Brazilians chart crime w/ online interactive maps: on.undp.org/pXPwa2 #ICT4D MT (similar to )
Night gang. And for all the moms out there, have a wonderful day of getting spoiled tomorrow.
Thanks for the shoutout!
i just looked at the pics, it looks like she just ran up and got a quick pic... shes uhmm.... yeah
Got a Condo on my wrist girl Im cashing out!
that bad eh? Yeah I was surprised, I haven't found a lot of people like that in Pittsburgh
Shiznit! The temp went up by 15 degrees in the last two hours. Hot and humid now, boo 8(
thank you Maurice Sendak for never really growing up...
Ugh hate when my mom acts stupid! She doesn't want to take me to get a dress for my girls quince!! I've been telling her about it since Aug.
: Tip: Something is unique or it's not, so no need for "most" in "most unique" on the Sosh request pop-up panel.
Fuck commercials mann!
I support all types of marriage. I want them 2 allow a marriage 2 b between more than 2 people. Polyamory!
i dont tlk to him like that doe ;p
The Street: Angry Birds and toothpaste? - OCRegister
This is the first international match I've been to without a rooting interest. Should be interesting.
Keep fighting … Derrick Bell was a genius - nothing to be ashamed of supporting him.
live music series is amazing. If you are not hip,get hip!
Today in 1946 – The First Indochina War began when Viet Minh operatives attacked French military positions and homes in Hanoi.
Thanks, Linda! I can always count on you.
All I have to do is avoid one day of MadMen spoilers. I'm gonna watch it tonight!! Idk if it will work. This is all 's fault.
Great seeing you -- such a marvelous conversation about politics of dh, the academy, and scholarly communication.
thanks for the RT Serg! Are you ready for Sunday?
Loved the article!
HHEY HEY HEY IM like ha ha ha ha ha Loving life rt now
thanks for the share Kim! Have a great day tomorrow!
I know they cause pollution, but whenever I see an escaped balloon flying past the towers in the city, all I can think is "Go Balloon! Go!!"
As long as its cleared, its fine.
#OccupyAtlanta. Maybe Mayor Reed should notify the police that are occupying the civic ctr...
Cox B - integrating Xactly comp with your or CRM is as easy as clicking a few buttons
what will you be exhibiting?
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also. - Julius Caesar
Wow! The energy on stage at tonight's performance of #Wicked was amazing, so inspiring! I can't sleep!
Since when has it became okay to post your tits everywhere online, I thought they were one of your "private parts" damn i didnt get the memo
Gettin dressed to go see my lil bro off to prom lol
doubt it.
yeah . you do .
Had a very productive day. Got a lot accomplished and spent time w/ my ♥.
had the best off day ever
Chillin with him for the 3rd time today 😍😍💋
I got Take Charge Indy to win the Derby today
Are you saying protecting turtles isn't important? Or just not as important?
lol they still make those....I remember as a lil bigger nigga I had one..it was the lil mini ones
Merry Christmas! Operation Christmas Child party at Hope mid-hi gym 8:30 Friday- & listen to 90.7 K-LOVE for Christmas Music- might win CDs!
Just fyi, his handle is There's a typo on the slide.
Filling in my movie gaps with Renoir's THE RULES OF THE GAME.
lol please add must also take care of little sister haha
Nice to see the Norfolk win breathe some life into a pretty bland tourney so far even if it screws my brackets.
And I'm STILL all broken up about Steve Jobs' death. You'd think a good night's sleep would have straightened me out. cc:
Closing books for 2009 -- hoping 2010 is a much better year
thank you so much!!!!
I will do it.
Here's a question for ya.. How is it possible that the "Heavy Metal Box Set" includes Hanoi Rocks but not AC/DC?
fellow Ohioan! Come play Quizzo with us so we can talk about how awesome Ohio is!
wht time is it were u live
If you need some quick money/work RT : I need someone to work a hot dog machine from 3:30-7 today and 11-8 tomorrow. $8 / hr
I have to talk crap while I can before it all crumbles to dust :)
thank god you found him. Would have been crAzy to see pappardelle legba on a milk carton
night u guys oh ya i txted you my number
Hosting a commercial shoot with today!
lol I'll show you later:)
Ran in2 my friend Brenden who is recovering from throat cancer & did a 47mile interboro bicycle ride this weekend.
I'm now a fucr!
I was seriously thinking that ! ": I'm suprised Nicks favorite basketball team isn't the Nuggets."
great cant complain wby?
I have Ricky Gervais handcuffed in the trunk of my truck. Let me know if you want him to take over.
I asked myself the same question about that movie. I liked it as a kid but watching it now... Ehh
We have just opened Oh Fish! and we are so excited. Come check it out on 19th street and get some #sushi !
-Go to www.moxie-agency.com to see our submission process. You can send 1 full script&loglines/synopsis of others. Thx!
why do some people take such pride in their ignorance of twitter? #o'reilly
Want to learn salsa on one? Live in DC, MD, or VA? Then visit the Arlington , va cultural center starting on march 13 to sign up for classes
Me either! ": i cant find the picturess :/"
if my parents weren't such buttheads & would've let you come over. :(
Vintage Brooch Bridal BouquetsBridal Bulletin - vintage brooches
I wish bro. Maybe SA but thats about it. USA for you?
Brooke and I are so jealous of ... I mean, look at that shirt!
Thanks for the retweet baby..xo
OK...My name is RAY, and make sure it's in an intimate spot. :P LOL! j/k ;)
Looking forward to a great day.. game then to for Zoo A La Carte. Goin for the sweep today.. Go #Brewers!
Passionate presentation about the growth possibilities in North Africa after the Arab spring by Dr. El Haddad
so fluffy! Can't wait to see all of you soon.
"...it's no wonder bra..." Get it? <crickets>
must I think of everything?!
Great job Dr. Jeremy Pickard, speaking on workforce development in Yemen by Comm colleges
Dream Girls is only a week away. I'm ready!!!! I hope you are ;)
I need kush like now
hard to feel sorry for a bunch of crybabies millionaires then they have the nerve to ask about the hard working fans
may 9 is always a good day for a b day!
Please enlighten us RT GOP need to recheck what free speech means...
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. Jim Rohn
We at 43 LIKES! Let's get 75 before tonight!!! SALUTE!!!
#Leo Siblings: They will order you around, compete for your parents affections, and disappear when its time to do the dishes. So true 4 me
its okaai haa why would i say that to you LMAO . ! xD
RIP Donna Summer
not true.
I think little 5 got the best of me this week! -____-
never sir #STARGANG for life haha
yes very true. they should be equipped, but often are not. Maybe thats because so many interpretations of it?
my future wife :)
Wade buddy, you are NOT a 3 pt shooter !
your welcome lols. I'm Alexis :).
Yes, you are orange & no, it does not look natural.
I'm the biggest cheapskate though! Haha and then the fear of having to get rid of it again also comes to mind.
Really is sad commentary you can't enter a playground w/o being accompanied by child. Imagination Playground looks great.
"Fun" I do not think it means what you think it means.
Do you have a funny/epic #party story from this weekend?? ;) Reply and get a free sample of the Closing Time #Hangover Supplement!
hmm, ok, is it when there are multiple folks browsing the same site at once?
#PromTheme or #BoatName "A Moment in Time"
Lol omg I miss you to! :(
hey girls im just a kid and u dont have to reply cause i know ur like full but i wanna say u girls are amazing!
The Juilliard Jazz Orchestra is getting ready for their upcoming jam with on 10/25 at the Alice Tully Hall!
when you were down here before you left haha anela took it
Man, if they only knew how completely UNEVENTFUL 99.9% of my colleagues/friends/fam is...
Supposed to go out to dinner with my wife's family on Saturday night. Game 7 obviously same night. May hang myself.
You're not sorry
This has turned into a full blown weekend of rehearsing. Damn!
What! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
What a day raining and windy. Ready for bed but I need some company tough :)
CONGRATS!! Babies are such a blessing. <3
In Music Meeting- Karen Elson “The Ghost Who Walks”sweet! & learned it's produced by Jack White- a beautiful song re: brutal murder
Another blunder. Hoops foul Indy at half court with game tied. Trey Lyles hits fts to pull off upset 75-73.
OMG IT'S NOT A BOTHER AW SWKJDSOFJD SO ARE YOU XOXOXOXOXOX o I tend to do that
just watched Memphis on Netflix
Still thinking about Saturday nights dinner Yum!!
Know how to manage deadlines.
Good Karma heading south from Chicago!
why isn't the story about bo's systemic issues that caused JU to leave?
hahahaha u hate love more than Anything!
Boyfriend needs 5.8 million views in 24 hours, 241600 views per hour, 4027 views per minute to break the record. WATCH BOYFRIEND VIDEO!
such a nice day and I'm stuck in bed.. ugh!
MSG is back! watchin my knicks play da hornets
S/O TO MY BRO GO FOLLOW HIS VOICE.
The world is covered in dippin dots!
We should all be disgusted with Kanye West. I won't be buying any of his music again. Such behavior deserves no forgiveness. Ban Kanye!
thanks for sharing both of those. got the live slides up on slideshare but hoping to sync with audio. will tweet if it works. :)
Babcock on Nick ” he's too good to quit”
Thanks for tweeting our blog!
Reinecke, the first-round leader at the MSSB with a 73, shot a 40 today. Tournament shortened fo 27 holes due to a late start and a delay.
Chlorella, Spirulina, is blue green pond scum the answer to a toxic lifestyle?
ok I got you
One year ago today Fat Turtle was in China eating delicious herb-infused food courtesy of Mayway Corp! Great trip, great company!
thanks again for mine! (:
I will be teaching a One Day Audition Technique Workshop for actors and directors in LA Sunday Nov. 8th www.actorsintensive.com
OH DARN !
. Is the 130 pound catch close to any record?
DJ KJ versus Edith on Violin Returns on Friday June 17th to SUITE
I don't remember there NAMES but I can REMEMBER that NIGHT!")
ugh our HC Execs were in elementary...
Want to save $$$? Place your orders via our website and don’t pay any up-charges for sizes 2XL-6XL. Call/email us and get registered today!
Can’t make it this week, have plans already.
RT ur gonna be a #Packers fan yet!!! Love it!
And let's not forget your bullshit excuses when you see another guy's dick..
er please
Indy make it quick OK? Best of Luck, Luck!!!
Excited to be headed to the #sm4np conference in richmond with my coworker- get ready for some tweets!
I wonder how long will it take b/f people don't know why we say "roll the window down?"
#DesireThursdays- in the spirit of sisterhood - what is a desire that you have for another sister? or brother?
why is it always pouring rain when I want to go for a long walk???? :P rain!!! i like a little rain, but all day... days in a row nothnx:p
For Serious people in the industry, Call (224)-63-GO-NOW to reserve and connect with Labels & Managers. . .
Austin: What's your name? Me: 'My Future Wife' Austin: Everyone, this is My Future Wife. Audience:.. Austin:.. Me:.. Austin: wait a minute..
Shout out to <===FOLLOW For a quick
Actually a pretty cool version of the song. Although I like almost everything Tweedy does. Funny guy too.
Trade in the works?
Just had our first experience in SF after waiting 25 mins for a cab to NOT show up. Hedi our driver was awesome!
I'm staying in the hotel that they filmed the episode of full house in.
It was at an event at Levante's last night. But, I know of some secret plans to bring delicious khachapuri to DC at large...
which restaurants?
Happy early birthday :3!
Start up WANTS investor or Partner! Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shoppin
Why is whip my hair trending?
RT : That's now 8 players from the Chargers '94 Super Bowl team who have died one way or another. So awful...
The Promo Video for my Upcoming Single: "Rehab" will be on Youtube Next Sunday!!! It will be shot in LAX, Beverly Hills, Hollywood & More.
Your possessions are an extension of your person. Keep your attire freshly cleaned and pressed as often as possible.
next to the condoms and butt plug.
Thanks! Glad you like the solar lights!
that looks great!
Virgin thrusts past us desperate to go all the way before the light fades. We trundle on regardless.
damnit, you beat me to it!
Checking out
w.e
☝he is indeed a muthafuckin BOSS. & his beard is so fierce
Sending a special thank you to all the #MADMEN fans that came out to the Season 5 Premiere Watch Party What a good time!
no problem!
I  Jesus, thank you for everything
What do u n ur friends do? Smoke. Tan. Workout
hey how are you?? This is the first time we've talked on twitter in months. Where have u been, lol. Oh wait, that was me. :)
One of the worst things ever is sharing your testimony and then being misunderstood long after it was shared.
We're in for the challenge...spend $5 on Made in USA product...
Absolutely gorgeous Saturday for from 10-5, block party at 3pm and Gallery Walk from 7-10.
Really excited to see ray kurzweil!
Poor thing!
At beauty in the beast with the family. We own this theater. No one dare sit with pornoy family!
At least I actually meant what I said..
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
hold up while I go make another Twitter account lol
Don't miss the oppertunity, join www.TheGymPro.com for FREE! Use promo code "fit" during the sign up process, the memberships r going quick!
#MustacheMonday is back for Round 2. Show us your 'stache today for 10% off your bill!
Thank you for the follow nice to see you on here too! Look forward to your tweets.
With what has happened to me and someone I love this year, I wish someone had told me not to watch last night's Private Practice. Dammit.
#csp24. On my way.
Are ya doin a good job?
I cried myself to a nap.. Haha I was worried about someone
"homework, tanning, laundry #YOLO"
what a brilliant thing to say...
I was thinking Moldova but Lithuania serves up the most fabulous blynai, so you might be on to something.
The line to try clothes on here is forever long.
I LOVE END OF STORY.
Of course I condemn what Somaliland s doing to civilians living SSC region. No one should ever lose their life cuz their tribe
Watching you guys mom, on #TheTalk so cool!! :))
As soon as it starts to get warmer out, girls seem to stop wearing any type of clothing...
Went shopping today with and the kiddos! Now it's naptime.
RT : #arlcni11 Lombardi, says "think about the value to the institution rather than value to micro constituencies"
That piece of glass that i had stuck in my hand all week is finally gone.
The irony is, the derby skills teacher is currently injured. But when she's back in commission I'll inquire. :)
yes. She got suspended.
