No chocolate :\ twizzlers it is!
was she answering a question? was her arm in traction? enquiring minds, etc.
Getting my hair blow dried and styled for the Bachelors & Spinsters ball tonight! Excited to get glammed up and party...
Thibs is now a coach free agent. Ahem Paul allen? :-)
You know it's "DIET TIME" when the TSA agent at airport looks at your gut and says "you wearing a money belt?"
ponder might throw a pick 6. U can hope
On the road again...
when i say JUMP u better JUMP and don't you ask how HIGH
can't find by you? Download our app for free at the app store or android markert!
Happy new year Lebowski.
Dear #ESPN ~ new #REALSPORTS tonight! You have real journalism to scam for everyone who doesn't have HBO!!!
Ive been hyped all week barely being able to focus on work for the RSL vs #SKC game
thanks 4 the tip! :)
That's great! Let us know when you think of another one!
Mangia and Danatellos are my favorites
Wrote, napped, wrote more. Proof that napping makes me more productive. Perhaps I can convince my boss this?
of course! I would love to see Jen again
Alkaline water helps the body combat the gradual loss of bicarbonate in the bloodstream, a root cause of aging.
then there are 5 level of progressions after head injury the student athlete must go through prior to going back on field.
I think everybody is wet right now, but sun is in the forecast! Should dry out the course a bit before Saturday.
Thank you to all of you for my birthday wishes. On the way to Atlanta Thursday for a long birthday weekend!
I am terrified that I will soon be homeless.
These all sound great! Yay for Amazon--I just ordered all 5. It's looking like a summer of informative reads.
pictures or it didn't happen.
ok I am now
#JP #Morgan #Chase loses 2 billion dollars. Do we still need tighter bank regulations? The story is coming up on the
Thanks for the coffee today - Always great catching up with you!!!
RT : Rutgers-Newark women's tennis is at York NY at 4 o'clock today.
Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal is coming
Off to Yankee Stadium thanks to
I just know I'm gonna forget somethin tomorrow
Hi good to see you're on twitter
: Please support Senate legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the U.S. Thank you!
I can tell you from experience that you do not need lock picks in every situation for a physical intrustion test.
We'd love to see you! Any time.
Hello world champ Follow back and tell your friends to follow we will hook y'all up!!!
Cool. I can see how that would be addictive.
Washington DC beltway
PASS THE BILL! END THE WAR! TAX THE RICH! STAND WITH
thank you! <13
Waiting for West Coast to start...trying so hard not be be spoiled!! COME ON 9pm!!
There are cattle guards on the road for the highway on ramps. This is deep.
whats up Mike. Would love to share strength and conditioning info.
Dodgers fans are assholes, that's why.
Tonite played UTube of The Band doing "Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" for Civ War class. Not a single 1 had heard of song, or The Band +
just DM'd you
There are a variety of volunteer opportunities for the 2010 Seattle Show. For more information contact .
hello anybody home ? come in earth . ,over
I really don't feel guilty about not studying for this #APUSH exam..
Sportin, a #Tulo jersey, tallboy in hand, ready for some #Rockies baseball in AZ.
Harrison showed me at school the other day lol how do i remind you of that girl??
This Class -_-
Menopausal Male
i followed :) !
Newt: "I believe in getting an American to the moon before the Chinese." So the landing WAS a hoax!
Can I forward my St. Ed's email to my gmail account?
I'm so sick of this! TMZ sure knows how to get some sh^t started
oh god. Don't you just love bandwagoners?
she's a pretty girl
right when I thought it was getting better, it got fucking worst
can you follow me
in all honesty, i was already losing my voice during Sonne. and that was the first song they played.
Happy Thursday! So ready for the weekend!
that sounds fun man!!! We just finished up our songs in the studio!! Sounds like we both had a good week
Biology TA: I'm sure you have great things to say, but I just can't understand you
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow :( Not looking forward to it at all!
this is pointless 😞
a million tks ;)
Not running for a bus! Not the best of advice I've been given, missed the bus by about 2 seconds!.
Awesome BBQ for lunch. Coupled with the sun, I enjoy.
#TT to more than 100,000 people who have submitted essays to #ThisIBelieve. Which one is your favorite #TIBessay?
Hell of a show!!!! It was worth the drive from KY to see you and BG!
I'm the Loyalist!
Chairman of CO Commission on Higher Ed: Commission has voted unanimously for 3rd consecutive year to support
Working in 360 project. Check it out live at natepowersphotography.com/live!!
This is an odd and somewhat contradictory pov to the admin at Harvard, yes? Also odd bc libraries are leading the way in OA
RT : Chris Bosh's teams are 25-34 since 2006 when he does not play.
Whenever you feel like you're battling someone or something else, you're really just battling your own demons.
we don't want summer to end :(((
I think that Justin should do a duet with Ariana Grande. RT If you agree. <3
10k was always my favorite race to watch at the Big 12 meet. Especially when the Colorado guys would get mowed down.
What is the point of Twitter..I don't get it? Am I supposed to say what I'm doing? And people read it as if they actually care? Knight!<3
Shame about the shelving. But the collaboration is priceless.
mike neal was a non factor last year for the #packers. Maybe he can get healthy with the extra 4 weeks.
YOU ASK WHY? TO GET YOUR SMARTS BACK FROM THE ARSE INTO THE THINK-TANK!!
likewise! Dig the tracks man!
And thank you! RT : Thanks for always being a great place to go.
Hi Cindy just emailed you requested info Thanks again Diana
Ladies if you are flashing this morning for Ta-Ta-Tuesday we want to hear from you. Email us your pictures to:
Second promo today...dave and busters! Check out the new pac-man!
Thank u to that special someone who took my mind off everything last night. I havent sweated on dance floor w someone in a longtime hm...
I'm so hype right now til it's ridiculous!! had an AWESOME night at work & game 1 is tonight!!!!!!!
stfu man ik what I'm going through..,, didn't mean to be rude
appreciate it bro. I will send some more joints before the weekend out. KEEP GRINDING.
Looks like tonight we get confirmed on a bonafide Coyote buyer. Amazing what a couple wins in the playoffs will do!
"What are you reading?" "The internet."
Have a wonderful holiday weekend! Safe travels if visiting family and friends.
Can you believe #Peyton didn't go to #SF? Imagine him with those weapons!
it's what I call a good morning!
the girl who won the #SahelNOW challenge thing
So true! RT First number sets the anchor... If you put your number out there, you take control of the anchor.
Good Luck !
Karmaloop & BBC party!
what a funny #peaceride tweet: heavenly hot springs! :)
Anna is beautiful. GOLIC,,,,Down boy. You have seen a beautiful woman before ?
come snuggle with me
I'm a grandma!
Mickey Rourke lives the THUG & CHUG life. Full of graft & corruption. Not as pretty as back in Pope Of Greenwich Village
my phones dead but I'm On my way!
Bless those who were affected by 9-11 <33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333 Love goes forever...
Im so depressed now this really a HUGe blow to the pen
On youtube,change your old design to the new one NOW!
seriously! Do we really need to shut down major parts of Austin for this event???
Michael Cunningham just referenced Dostoevsky and Tolstoy. Slavic nerd can't help tracking this. But why not Zamyatin?
A lot of people are in control beside us & it all affects a child's health. TV ads, school lunchrooms (& corporate sponsors).
we need to catch up bro. I'm in for beers
soda!!! And tell your wife I miss saying "bubbler" and not have people look at me like I am nuts.
You know you can follow us on Facebook!!!!! Do it!! Just type in Spring Fever to the magic search bar up on the top of the page.
Just made my first chevre, can't wait for it to be done. Thanks for the great class
that's what this week is about, respect other views, nothing is right or wrong ... lol
goodluck dont let it end it sucks trust me
RT : Social media can turn strangers into friends: #FF >Mutual Jerae xo
thanks, just been running nonstop. How are you?
Heads up pretties July is #independentretailmonth check in often to stay
Another mind-blowing night at the Imagined Life Studios with Diana Castle. My brain and heart are so full!
The hallway outside my office smells like a two-day-old armpit burrito. I thought you'd all like to know.
Fab social media mantra from attendee - personality, preach, promote
just saw you singing and dancing on NY1!! So proud!
Was it Mark Twain who said age is a matter of the mind;if you don't mind it doesn't matter? Now I realize what a wise attitude that is!
Walkin n knockin in the rain
you are definitely on the twitter move !!
OH MY GOSH WHAT IS WRONG WITH US
I love being ignored. Like seriously, keep doing it and see what happens.
Wakefield snake-bit in trying to get his 200th win for the #RedSox- gives up 4 runs after he should have been out of 4th with a strikeout.
you are FUNNY! Ugly butt monkey smiling...... That's why your hairline is no where to be found
You got it.
Still watching storms over SW WI. Storms are exhibiting quite a bit of weakening lately.
homeless chic
Your pretty face doesn't make up for your butt ugly personality.
People willing to wait in line 45 minutes for a cup cake should be drawn and quartered. #overrated #
BMSPF UP ON LOW VOLUME 26%~SHE IS PRIMED
I still did well though!
Amazing meeting this morning, Be a believer in Downtown Milwaukee! Onward and upward.
good morning bud! How is your Saturday?
President Obama says he is supporting gay marriage. How will it affect the campaign? Local reaction in 10 minutes on News10NBC at 5.
Black coffee in bed.
I hate being sick -.-
is holding a free flu clinic Friday, 10am - 2pm at the Central Library, with H1N1 and seasonal vaccines both available.
Thanks for the follow!
I love you xoxoxoxo
I seriously feel like the laziest person right now. I haven't done anything. I FEEL FAT,
": u need to tweet more, or ppl wont follow you lol" (lol that's how u get people to follow u
html5++. Native apps are great but that's not where libraries need to go first, imho.
i cant believe used
Nice win last night, last placed Phillies. Maybe you'll win a series against the Nats this year hahahaha
I'm on it Hannah Jean!! Lol
“: The 2 most common forms of OCD are excessive cleaning and excessive checking for mistakes.”
• Made my christmas list √
Sheamus gets MASSIVE BOOS
will do sir. Best of luck to you in your future endeavors.
They need to have a "Where are they now? social network edition" so we can find out what Tom from Myspace is up to
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz? Don't use credit cards. Use cash and keep more of your money.
I saw some friends post pictures of the shuttle flying over DC. Very Cool!!
Like it! Are you tweeting whenever a new submission opportunity gets added to the list?
Austin already came to Chicago twice so i don't think he's going to come again soon..
I do not intend to tiptoe through life only to arrive safely at death
Keynote time. Let the tweets fly!
lol I meant to add more to that it wasnt for "the girl".. But it was eggs, bacon, French toast, fruit and OJ..
How do I find the time to do what I need to do in all the areas of my life when not all of them have the same amout of passion!
Anyone have suggestions for a student teacher whose cooperating professional is critical, not constructive?
i got you i'mma retweet this on all our pages
well, it's all us fans have at this point
This week was very special - all recording is now complete for our next CD! Onto the magical wonderful world of mixing!
dear girls on my bus, talking about how you cheat on your boyfriend isn't something you should be proud of. seriously..
petition circulators tell me they've been asked to turn in all sigs on Action Fund #cabudget measure by Friday. $1.50 per sig
Happy follow Friday to all the Vegas locals!
I suppose every single other day will have remain the focus of CU's rally efforts.
Knowing and respecting your personal boundaries is essential to navigating busy times in a healthy, balanced way.
Is Beliema's job safe if they fail to make Rose Bowl?
Enjoying spring in Washington DC? Stop Foggy Bottom for a great lunch in the cafe; check out #QuikLine managing checkout process
and tweeting
this cute guy askd for my number today & right away evet asks me to tell his homie she said whussup. lmao, I love her.
The more i listen to you, the better i get in life, i cant wait to see you in chicago again, i really wanna kick it with you.
a trip to the memorial, then a flight home to CLE. Thanks for a perfect evening out in NYC!
We would love for you to come to our Fall Meetup in a few weeks. How can we send you all the details?
Awesome! Same to you man
Yeah, but true.
I know I'm not engaged...but I'm still going. to see #EngagedBaltimore A GIRL CAN DREAM.
Happy Friday! Great weather weekend-fun! Like it hot? Deserts will be up around 100 starting today. . . love that dry heat.
Here in Ohio they do 'poor' right: even the homeless people have homes.
OWS protests heard loudly today at RIT
I miss you too! Lunch date?
Getting arrested during Mifflin can have consequences on your academic standing, follow the law
excited about the awards tonight! Wondering if there's a # of the event.
#5000Th Tweet goes out to all of you who fuck bitches and gets money #ISeeYou #Swag Stop hatting on my twitter game
good times pool side yesterday ! Super hottness all over
Might I ask which one?
aye whatever happened to that singer "tweet?"
Thanks for the tweet!
so its just left like this?
I was born this Way! HEY!
how does it stack up against other programs? For example Full Sail? I am sure it is different and has its ups and downs?
all good bro, I need to set up a shoot with you a sap for this Throw Back Mixtape
Thanks for the suggestion. We are actually working with University of Nebraska Medical Center on contet, but not coding.
Even when we're down to the wire Babe. Even when it's do or die. We can do it Baby simple and plain. Cause this love is a sure thing . ♥
My subconscious is sad.
John Carroll as not-so-reluctant revolutionary at
is playing tonight with Shit Brown Eyes and A Minor Revolution 9 pm... Come with ur #snow boots
; it just hasn't been your week, has it. D:
like what? (: RT- “: My plans never work out...”
Yeah oh well, life goes on ^_^ lol
“: I just saw an old school Matatu , these guys called it a "face me" #thikatourist”- AKA "where did I see you...?"
I agree completely. I enjoyed HG, I loved Freedom, and now I'm enjoying Game of Thrones.
I let you in, knowing tomorrow I'm going to wake up missing you .
And go to the gym
Like finger paint that was left out in the rain
and I'm proud to say I'm one of the dudes he follows but in a no homo way!
incongruity tag. patron using hand sanitizer and trash can dives.
Thanks AT&T for a signal at my apt strong enough for hope yet weak enough for hours of staring at my iPhone waiting for something to happen.
A baby bump?
Are you a submissive and need to talk to a professional Dominant? FREE 10 min. of coaching. Send email entitled "FREE intro" Now!
Our show at The Camel is tonight at 8. $5 for 3 bands. We will be making an exciting announcement during our set.
Did talk you into this? Remember, Fruity Pebbles are gluten free so there is always a non tile option
Also, the plot of the Israeli movie "The Band's Visit" hinges entirely on the lack of a "P" sound in Arabic.
I know! I wanted to before the holidays but life got too crazy :( I'm thinking sometime late January/early February.
Rainy gray day in NYC. Driving off with friends to the edge of the world...or rather Queens. Can't wait to Get back home to rest.
Saw #thewomaninblack last night. OMG AHHHMMAAAZING!
“: you lame.” Stfu you lame nigga
Today's education does not line up with the new job market and new economy in the US.visit www.engagemyfamily.com to discuss
you have an address I can send you a Dear Submarine cd to?
call me for all your PowerPoint 2003 needs!
I did have one. Now I have the Droid Razr.
The itch to ski got real last night, #MSP showed "The Way I See It" at Keystone and it was good!
Today marks a new beginning in my life friends
If fast food places delivered they would make way much more money !!
...as we wake or sleep, we grow strong or we grow weak, and at last some crisis shows us what we have become...Bishop Westcott
Join us for Happy Hour. $2 bottles! Take our shuttle to the game tonight.
Had a fantastic day today! Tons accomplished and still able to squeeze in a workout this evening.
Slowly coming to grips with fact I can't possibly watch every #UFC event. I'm no less a fan. But wonder if this fact does push others away.
Update: I never got around to pancakes today.
Facebook/Twitter fans: Come get your FREE SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH all day today! Show this message to get yours.
lol very true!
Women r like iPhones. u have 2 touch them all over before they respond. Men r like Blackberries, rub 1 ball nd everything moves
#WantUBack is like my favorite song in the world ok
Thanks for the follow. Cool web site..
- re sxsw - when are you going to be there?
Everyone I love is going to be at bamboozle <3
Sustained #confidence is earned not given!
Come in and try a NEW exciting Wine Flight -
might have inadvertently discovered a mystery food allergy yesterday while eating a donut, but not exactly sure how to confirm this -lisa
I love wingstop Lemon Pepper is my favorite!!
So my last day at the State Departnent was today. I should probably change my profile description.
Author and Maine Humorist, John McDonald, joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture Series tomorrow at noon! Free coffee & cookies too!
: thanks Linda :)
Mopeds are gay.
Why the rush? RT “: RT : "Gingrich expected to suspend campaign one week from today, sources tell Fox News"”
Wow that rumba to a slow version of material girl was unbelievable. Haven't seen two people have that much fun clothed before.
How old are you James?
Gotta love rainy days.. movie marathons are the best!
Hi Tiffany, thanks for the follow!
3 year old anya. Roach, I tell u, this is my house not ur house. I tell u to go home
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing - Eva Young
definatly not loll
i dont have a screen shot but... KEI / FI
What do you think will be become of Haifa, Nick and Ricardo?
Hungry. I suppose it's lunch time?
...this is...i don't even know.
Bored. Hookah and tv... to ease my troubled mind.
"A successful person is a dreamer whom someone believed in."
RT African Americans, who r 14% of U.S. drug users, r 37% of the people arrested 4 drugs, 56% of the people n prison 4 it
time warner ranks right below turkey bacon on my list of things I really hate.
ice and coco really love each other :) I like this show.
Hell yeah, the cellist who left you went to Portland, Josh Whedon!
Man that was awesome, today is awesome, sheesh guess life is just awesome.
ARTICLE TO CHECK OUT: in the latest issue of XXL gives a great run through of his current situation with MMG Check it out!
I did it! I bought my very first Mac!! Thanks to and for helping with the process :) ah!!!!
sad to say but it's true smh
I Really Want To Go To Florida , To Be All Up In The Sand & Ish .
I'll bring that up at the next meeting! If you guys put one together, I'm in!
Is anyone going to put anything funny on here?????
Thx to everyone in who came out to 2012 PD preview-if you missed it, you have another shot at Indy's sneak peek tomorrow!!
probably... Ohh I but tucked him into my sketchbook super carefully and made sure he doesn't get folded.
laksidd live now ? or not
When I receive feedback on my work that begins with "This is very well written," I feel vaguely insulted.
I believe it was John Clay Reeves.
Nothing lasts forever. Forever is a lie. All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye
seriously they really are
No matter what I'am here for you.
Apparently #SDPD is giving tickets in childrens park for laying down. Regardless of attitude re. #OSD/homeless, there is a priorities issue.
You are very welcome!
life is a lesson , so dont worry about a pass or fail cuz the only thing that matters is if u learn from it all and move forward.
section 215 row P (:
thanks for the re-tweet..
you guys trying to hit the pool up today? Or play sport? lol
I confess, if they did, I'd buy the T-shirt.
Go Caps! May they stay on fire :-)
#GoTribe See ya in the pros next year UK. Now back to waiting for baseball season. Tribe home opener in 2 days!
reason to play for cal that's underrated; his best players play regardless of class and thus develop (& get paid) quicker
Up before the sun...must be gameday at Qwest Field...or my 5-week old is hungry again...Go Hawks!
Listening to the story of Mosaic Little Rock from is an awesome testimony!! Thanks for letting WAVE be part of the story!
Who thought it was a good idea to make a lead in a sitcom unlikable? #areyoutherechelsea?
Thanks Kenya. You are an awesome girl
why worry now?? you'll be safe
Publications review went well for us, hope other groups also enjoyed
hey, someone didn't come out for MY birthday... Soo I think I deserve ONE drink.
DUNGEON DRAGON!!!!
and we've lost vincent jackson.... ugh. what is going on?
Sure thing!
What an incredible production of A Lesson Before Dying - beautiful work, Profile. Thank you!
I'm not sure, but I think there's some sort of basketball tournament starting today. Maybe I'll watch a little bit.
Gotcha. So I was going to text you, but this is easier. Any interest in seeing Silent House?
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford << nice one via
Tonight was 8th grade all over again. But it was still fun! Love you and !!! <3
knows that if there is one thing she has learnt, it's that people only treat us the way we ALLOW them too...
Big Time Rush should pair up with Lil Wayne ..... lmao
local lattes... Oh my god.
highly recommend it
Thecore. Playing this Saturday at Meatheads on Sahara and Decatur. Badass show in store! W.Facebook.com/thecorepunk
Hey publicists and artists that RT every single mention - You're doing it wrong. STOP.
see you sexy individuals at Citrine tonight w/ open bar 10-12 and special live performance. arthur's name at the door.
it's tough losing your grandmother and older brother within a week and a half of one another...#workin to stay busy and to clear the mind
Our own is playing at Bottom of the Hill tomorrow night with Tom Morello and Jolie Holland
You never know what deals you may find when you network.
Is anybody else ready for ?? The lineup is back... Bikini Bowling, Jell-O Wrestling, and Bikini Bull Riding!
will you be my #nye #kiss?
YES UT football tonight that none of us can watch!! Well except Gary, if you're at the game let's play find the drummer! Ha
2 more days =)
Preach.“: I think Mean Girls should be a required viewing every year in all high schools across America for the rest of eternity”
you momma
text Sarah & ask she wanna come tomorrow!
nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.-- Thomas Jefferson
hahahaha. Why? You stalking me?
Thinking Rachael and I may go to Red Lobster at 8 or so
ik i was in shock too. r they doing this on purpose? hahahaha its that bad it's hard to believe its for real.
#kids Family Movies at Irving Valley Ranch Library, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Family Movies are offered each Saturday at 2 p.m. at the Valley...
Dear god NO. My mom still watches Dharma & Greg reruns. It angers me.
OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO NYC FOR A CONCERT!!!
all work. Just no pesky men! Lol That's in NY
I just unlocked a badge /chicago for free chocolate cake caldo in Chicago! Hurry, get yours at www.kupoz.com/panecaldo
' I like to throw my phone to elements. See what kind of beating it can take. So far no phone has passed my "hammer" test.
love it!! Dad just walked in my office told me take the rest of the day off. headed home to chill then off to Nox then SA tomorrow for <ST >
Loving the open seats on the bus while students are on #springbreak !
okay i simply hate sore throat >:(.
dosent whip her hair no more lol
So agree! RT : This #McDonald's commercial is awesome
how was it? Did u go? Text me. Yes Irish pub was a blast.:-)
couldn't sleep at all last night. hopefully my car will be fixed by 10, got so much to do before work...
is it weird that I visit my own Pinterest page just to see the hot cars I have loaded on there??
What is that? Who runs it? Looks neat.
I guess the forgot these are just the friggin' Pirates!!!!!
Say no to drugs, cause if they're talking to you.. you've had enough.
Attack is a strong world ya'll.... Will Smith
#HappyHour is on til 8PM! Come see us ASAP!
Betcha love will make you better.
Grizzlies lead Clippers 56-55 as the 4th quarter of Game 7 gets under way.
why hon is it a special day or something
that mean a lot of ppl tlkn bout
can't wait to be in #vegas tonight!!
Sending you all #Gratitude #Blessings and #Love!
Watching on #GandB - she is so positive and such an inspiration. A role model for all women.
with your engine you would be a cross monster. keep an open mind for fall 2012.
true true!
I just donated to and so should you!
Enjoyed a wonderful day off with my daughter and we both got our first beautiful tatoo's!!!
Sup sexy, how's it hanging today
lol usually try to
and since they haven't come back from a 2 goal deficit after 2pds in more than year, those stunned pics will be of Pens fans
Now im listening to a little bit of all kinds of music no exceptions:D
Just signed up for J.Boye, looking forward to your presentation. Read S. Commons wiki, seems we face similar issues in Higher Ed.
Giants all the way (:
thanks. I would think that the major pharms keep this metric. Know anyone i could contact?
is going for a run because mia forced her to
"The Shark Tank is not affiliated with the Shark Tank the TV Show"
PR Observation of the day: Go with what you know. Do it well. Then keep doing it.
It's fucked up what happened in Chardon High School but honestly I sympathize with the shooter. Every kid who's been bullied knows why.
I was going to tweet that Gordon had a good AB, but Rex said it 1st. Now I'm rethinking it's accuracy.
Who Is The Father Of HipHop??
I almost forgot its the first day of spring to bad it ain't nothing to do
they all count the same.. Still early though
Ten minutes 'til Sports32 Weekly. Special story on golf outing to benefit MACC Fund closes out the show. Also, Packers draft, UW Spring game
#dalailama he's donning a Ucsd visor
Parents on the Social Network:MySpace,profiles had to be acceptable,Facebook,updates had to be lies an non verbal.TWITTER DON'T FAIL ME NOW!
you have something to look forward to tomorrow! haha
NO....YOU ROCK! XO J
Lets not forget how many 'haters' there were for Alex Smith last August. Now we love him. Same story coming for Zito?
RT ❦ "When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know... P E A C E" ~Jimi Hendrix
Thx! RT : Can't wait to eat again with you all. Always a treat to eat there.
You know those condescending Willy Wonka photos?..Someone should make one that says " tweeted you? ....You must be a big deal.
I don't think she came off horribly she came out as a women who's feelings were hurt she just needs thicker skin
welp...there's that
He's on the , too on 10 at 11am RT : #DaBlock we got posted up to talk about his 1st Annual...
love you... keep screamming this at the hill top...till there is no life left in you ... I do ...
Just learn from my mistakes
yay! Heading for first place!!
Why does my heat beat for you??? Why just why?
Anyone who calls himself a cab driver will have to pay me ten bucks a day. Cool huh?
S/O to for letting me do a 12 min set at Hai Bar last night. Hahahaha...
So sad the festival of colors was canceled. :/
Good how about u?
I have such a way of making people feel awkward, I love it.
converting avi footage is a lot more exciting when youre stoned.
ya butler, pa and he will leave late August or early sept. and hopefully be back right at Xmas.
I'm home still with an urge to call you. But you're probs still sleeping. Waaaah.
1. The P numbers were amazingly different than other polling in other races.
What a long but very very good weekend...
I have 7 guards/ wings who will be fighting for a spot in a 5 man rotation at those positions. Practice should be fun Thursday.
yeeeeesss, i know. -.-
I'm so jel right now. I'm at work and you're eating amazing food. Eat some for me!
Guess who just passed her PTCE? That's right, this girl!
They actually did announced a new Galaga and Pac-man, IIRC.
Watching myself on the price is right. Truly hilarious! Will post the online video soon.
Now I can't follow any one?! Anyone know how to fix this?!
don't trip... Aye, get ready for round 3.. We all tied
Major BroMance! Haha was awesome
Our Blissful Chaos: Carson-Dellosa: 75% Off Winter Clearance Sale
RT : When we invest in the arts, we provide cultural and economic benefits to the community.
Anyone have any suggestions about who to try for interviews with? (:
Because I own you! xD
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose & why?? LUV YA :))))
Considering you have to pay to change your GT it's not really free is it?
she got a boob lift and fat grafting to her ass I could use some a$$$$$
hahahahahaha are you serious!?
#UMass and #Stanford shooting below 33 percent in this one and well below that in the 2nd half. Chaz Williams really struggling
Tonight's the night! FOURtune 4th Bday Party for ... champagne, cupcakes, clairvoyants, and, of course, deals!
Going to orland square mall now.. OMGG. I miss you I wish that you were here right next by me.
My Outlook is frozen thanks to a damage charge mail merge. Can I go home now?
Sending positive thoughts to our good friend
Oh snap my favorite character from #WalkingDead showed up in the television series. Michonne saves Andrea. Show ends w camera pan on jail.
First week in the new digs was amazing. So much fun watching our students' surprise and delight.
thanks so much for the shout out, Elizabeth!
I've spent over $1600 once.
; rain, rain go away.
GSA: Washington's Most Durable Mess (Fortune, 1955) - Fortune (blog)
hi there! Thanks for the follow. I look forward to reading your weightloss tweets
True : If you don't like me than blow me
rightt!? I got so excited when she told me haha :)
“Make the customer the hero of your story.” - Ann Handley, Chief Content Officer, Marketingprofs
Right back at ya!
is watching "The Tillman Story." Outstanding.
be safe and have fun at prom! Text me pics
I'm so damn hungry.
If you think you're sick of Syd the Kid, get used to seeing him more after the OT goal. Gratz to Canada for winning gold! Babcock and Y!
Secret to success: care about people. Michelle Pallaa
I never have on matching socks. !
thanks dude!
Thank you so much. I am so sorry I just got this. I've been busy. Your mother should be so proud of you, dear.
Some people retweet the wrong things.
EFFING WOW!
If you don’t ask, the answer is always no
what's your user name
Bravo to Chelsea, they deserved it.
Spot on.
Finally my phone works again! :D
Excellent & inspirational bfast session this AM with & Gayle Danley!
haha glad you did too! the ATL in our name stands for Atlanta. haha
We think so too! :) Thanks for all the feedback! Happy Friday!
a tocqueville themed road trip, retracing his travels thru america, is that a thing people do?
Yeah, they claimed that as the original idea behind the iPad. Nice that the implementation is catching up with the marketing.
That's good :)
i wanna karaoke tonight and only sing ace of base, cranberries and four non blondes- i think i'll need a private room.
I can help! It's my expertise.
RT “: I just want affection and appreciation .”
I am the worst Tweeter, apologies for the long absence of material.
Ben had to convince the owner of the site that he wanted to work for him for free...
If you see a complete thing it seems that it is always lovely.
She's what you want, I'm what you need. I'm the drug in your veins, just fight through the pain.
Congratulations Rillo! RT : The #Angels have added former big leaguers Gary Varsho and Jeff Cirillo to their scouting staff.
I wasn’t satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. – Donald Trump
I wanna make a new tumblr but I never post or reblog anything good anyways. My old one is full of stupid ishh. =\
Lol, we didn't want to ruin the excitement of seeing you on Friday. #divanight :)
lovely follows all!
": This storm that's about to start ... Eh"
that's good to hear sweetie.
Consolation Braket and myself are not in the playoffs?
Just got back from scouting locations for photo shoots!
Long IA conversation with librarian colleague reminds me that I have a limping, half-designed Drupal website just waiting for my attention..
i disliked jacob laube in 8th grade. then he moved. then facebook recommends us as friends. now twitter is tellin me the same thing... NO
We are glad to have here for #PTR11 ! - Thank you for your support! Love & support you!
Thank you for your tweet! We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay with us! Come back soon!
I happened to be reading about it When I saw your tweet. Just thought i would share there is going to be Avatar theme park
Sorta solved my "where to work" dilemma. Front porch! Not super social, but people walk by. Come sit a spell, PDX, if you can find me.
zomg, i love you. *pats bun*
#FLT salutes one if our generals,wishing a happy bday & saying thanx for all he's taught us,we salute you Pops
...BUT HOW DOES ONE FUNCTION?
Just voted for for Best TV Comedy/Musical Actress!
I know this is weird, but because my boyfriend always puts on the David Bowie, I have NO IDEA what the titles are of songs I like.
hey did you say something about a CD at ? Everytime I go on there I look...
. Funny. I hear ya, but his own words (85 percent) and Pierce is out there w/a MCL sprain and can't jump. PLAYOFFS!
i love the new cd!
Fuck you pay me what I told the bitch
i hate it wen your frds make you sad
Please be very careful until then and drive very little.
Hopefully he will look past all this and yeah :)
Just sitting here.. Yawn.
If winning is the key component to judging #sponsorship success, to quote Mr. Mom: "You're doing it wrong."
will you be at Food Truck Friday today?
Tan Towels are the bomb and much cheaper in the long run than spray tanning. Im obsessed.
Happy Follow Friday Jeydon!!!!! Maybe I could get a follow!!! PLEASE!!!!
pretty well! Thanks for following me to!
where is the Kool Aid 😝
Ph.D. bouncer tames bar, woos doctor, cleans up town.
Can you find an advocate in your area?
look at a calendar or consider my profession....
About to watch a TV segment about the health benefits of #gambling. It'll be nice to know why I'll live forever! LOL
That had to be an effed up hit and run.
If you can't help your neighbors, at least don't hurt them-download- InSpotter app
As my students cram for tomorrow's final I am seeing a wonderful Magic Flute. Wish it was the 60s so I cld see this on acid
hahaha I will
Good-bye gray skies, hello blue.
Thank you. Somebody's got to do it!
its not lettingg me download it :(
lol when she try & do that ? smhhhhh
you're so beautiful
Thoughts become words, words become actions, actions show character, and character is everything.
There was a time i thought that i did everything right.
Today is FIU Day in Tallahassee. Pete Garcia, Coach Cristobal and TY Hilton are there representing FIU Football.
Boxwire BizTip: Be sure to always practice patience. Good customer service begins with you and ends with you.
yes dude. I stay in North Dallas and I would drive to Arlington just for those wings.
Surprisingly it only 5 min to order food
Make your "Short Circuit" fantasies come true with programmable LEGO Robots - First day of the "10 Best Days of The Bakken" Friday July 16!
i think so. it's trending saying that it is
sunday!!! Club 212 !!! Bunny Bash Part 2!!!!
That depressing moment when you have to go back to reality after watching a really good movie.
u too!
can I get a shoutout for my son, Preston. He turns 7 today. Thanks!
Me too lol
Word, Juicy J. RT : When sumbody treats you wrong or hurt you , you should move on & Neva turn back ... Fuk em
where can I see your portfolio? we're been interviewing UX designers for SnazzyRoom
That would be awesome!
Took my SAT today... Stupid tired now!
Just caught a typo in my script... "Blazers" was spelled "Balzers." That would have been embarrassing.
Can't stop listening to Fun. - "Some Nights". Track gets me going.
Happy Friday! :) <3
I have unsubscribed THREE times to your LB Outlet emails. PLEASE stop emailing me!!!
Tip #162: How many heads up matches can you win in a row? If you win 20 in a row it is time to celebrate.
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything. -Alexander Hamilton
About to start preparing for our first fashion show on May 19th. . .
With Verlander out of this game. Let's get back in this game #HatsForBats #TameTheTigers Let's go Yankees
Hello! Welcome to all my new followers!
seems to have some problems with videos. Both Hulu and Game Trailers are both unwatchable. Don't have these problems in Chrome.
to be fair, I had no idea when I tweeted.
Why I Gotta Err Thang. Yiu Want Cake
Kate Upton shows off &#39;Cat Daddy&#39; dance in bikini
Strawberry Swing - Frank Ocean. If you haven't heard it yet, go peep.
EVERY NIGGA WANT ME ON HIS MONEY TEAM!!
Thank you Bob, you make me walk out off my cave ha ha ....
I know I'm gonna be mad af when I see my bank statement for this month
No ones down to do shit !!!
Yes they should. It's a journalism thing.
What's good sir?
<---- needs to wake the funk up! Wake and bake that is...
I got addicted to chips after the last #blogathonatx and get them all the time.
James Cameron. So other filmmakers can make some money.
Nice poker session at Wynn last night. Time to get rest and then make some plans for the big weekend ^_^
You and me both, baby.
NCA reviews ALMOST complete ... but time for a mental break: Off to my last long-ish run before the Indy mini marathon in 2 weeks!
nah i dont,u just suck at life so stfu & get off my dick cuz ya bitch is alredy on it
Got on an earlier flight!! Thank God..
Wait. It's Friday? How did that happen?
That is our bias media at work and a POTUS that goes along with it.
great to see you!
That moment then your feet get all tingly and it feels like sand in your shoes
RT : Don't drive angry! DON'T DRIVE ANGRY!
Great show with great friends. Please check out #notourproblems!
Oh! I know what I should do! I'll watch Degrassi! xD
I don't know why I feel so nervous right now.
Donor Action (donoraction) thanks for the follow.
happened to me a few times other times hit record when already recording causing it to stop recording.
one day I'm going to steal someone's status, word for word, and see if they pterodactyl.
: Who is buying a #Kony bracelet? My daughter is begging me for one”
we'd Sept 14, going down!!!! Be there!!! The takeover, I'm Carolina for life!!!
ea.. def. not super personal stuff.. because people read it.
that would be a slaughter.
That's why we entitled our documentary "It's More Expensive To Do Nothing."
Saw tonight in New Jersey and got the new album. Just listened to the whole thing. I HIGHLY recommend it!
Was starting to get worried that all of 's tweets would be in Italian, grateful that some are in a language I can understand
#GayIsOk It is not okay that LGBTs still, still have to fight for that right.
Sent! Thanks very much! :-)
Wine with junk food - yea or nay? If yea, what pairings?
you're perfectc:
3 boys 1 girl, you can look it up on youtube
Key Q every org, dept & person needs 2 ask. RT : “If we weren’t already doing it this way, is this the way we would start?”
Thanks for the follow
great! It was much needed last night too! Thanks again.
Waiting on the dryer. 😔 Youu? 😁
Yes, Sundays have been very busy! RT that many people out on a Sunday?
That's disgusting though, I ain't touching dead fish, wtf
thanks for the follow! :)
"Don't start unless you are willing to finish" - talking startup financing strategies at MIT
Ur not gonna b pills no mo
I agree with : "Congrats to my boys on their new album, #Changed. You guys crushed it again!”
& need our own reality show like T.I & Tiny. #Love&Hip-Hop
check your FB email.. Your gonna die laughing
Perhaps Mahler-purists will banish me, but I really really like Mahler 8.
lol you're so full of crap.
review week< I JUST WANT TO GO HOME
BREAKING: WI Dept of Justice now filing request for permission to appeal the judge's decision that blocked publication of controversial law.
wait, does this have anything to do with when said he's proud of you? lol
best line ever
Had a blast shooting The Actor's Network holiday party last night!!
nigga let me see her lol
My eye contact is overly generous.
This Tebow stuff is starting to scare me.
I scream, we scream, nigga we want ice cream!!!
Happy Wednesday and thanks for the RT
With today's reports, House District 7 and 9 in the Florida House have removed from "slight Dem" and put in the 'toss up' category!
I need to stop typing Hubot commands in Google. They've never worked.
I don't know what to expect of crowds this weekend. I want to see it again for sure.
I've got a personal twitter account where I use a photo. But here I thought WW with her fists were best for fighting FOX! C U later.
"10 Things You Should Know About A$AP Rocky" Number 1: It's a person.
“: I wonder which jail they gonna put him in ??? I know them inmates gonna be at his head”
Changed my mind I'll put up a picture of me haha :P
we can't wait man!
Twitfam!!! Help us gain new followers!! Please help #makechange and have your friends follow us today!! RT
Tomorrow around this time I will be sitting by the pool basking in the warm sun rays of palm springs.
oh man! I wish we were still open! I wonder if is too busy to deliver??
And they just KEEP on coming in!!! Testimonials!! Testimonials!! Testimonials!! Lowered Blood Sugar Levels!! Regulated Blood Pressure...
who at ur table
yupp it is! I got it on my iPod so we can listen to it in Spanish 2morrow :)
thanks. Big one tomorrow to advance to the Final Four.
Great Short Sale seminar @ the Ritz Carlton!
Jamming to a little Eddy J in preparation for the
you made those firemen's day with your awesomeness. :)
we have for some of our regular blog contributors!
#BackInElementarySchool i had around 6 friends...
Will be voting my butt off for !!
We're wrapping up our time at #AAM2012 at the Museum Expo, helping to celebrate next year in Baltimore. Another great conference to come!
My parents decided to buy a boat. My parents are almost 50 and have always wanted one.
OMG<333333333333333333333333333333 i WILL date a cowboy :)
ima just talk to to 10 or less
Secretary-General: "world has met the MDG target of halving the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water"
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
At the summit of Mingi Taw we uploaded The Megatome to the eternal safety of the whirling infinite.
both Ryan budget and Wyden-Ryan replace Medicare with a shrinking coupon. Both ruinous for #seniors on
nice wear it in great health
Girl: I'm still a virgin we were just talkin. Boy: yeah yo pussy was talking to his Dick bitch.
So...what's your weekend trail plans?
Thanks to Cheryl Ball for her workshops and conversations this last week. She continues to be a great friend of the Studio.
El Paso has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
Well breaking dawn sucked. No idea why I think the movies will get better
worked out doing Pilates (pick your level weight loss pilates video on netflix)for 30 minutes
It's Cherried
That only works on December 22, 2012.
#GeorgeZimmerman charged with #Murder in the 2nd Degree! SP #AngelaCorey confirmed that Zimmerman is in custody.
4:30am. Bus of band kids barrels north in Canada. Exit's only missed by inches, but bus still flips. Four instruments lose their players.
At this Teach for America event, advocates the bashing heads model of pedagogy. Wendy Kopp demurs.
On set...made up...waiting...
Happy Mothers Day to all the Bearcat Mama's out there!
I agree. That kid is a fool. I think it all starts with Schwartz and trickles down. He's a baby so his players are babies.
can't wait to take you out at Hospice Care charity tourney in Madison!
GJPD: Semi loses its load at 5th St. near Riverside Pkwy while going through the cloverleaf. All NB lanes closed, only one SB lane open.
Getting cited for speeding,no drivers license,and no proof of insurance
Home in New York city, people!
not good. can you shoot an email to mohr at msoe dot edu? sorry abou that.
Lmao me & got a request to play something with French in it???
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf if you still get permission from your parents for ERRTHINGGG!!
Carrot Tops cousin
Welcome to Twitter!
Put God First....always he's always going to be there for you no matter how many times you mess up
Chicago is crazy. THE finest girls. THE HOTTEST SPOTS.
So they gonna keep letting Bautista take swings like that or they gonna back him off the plate a little...
Sometimes it's bad to think too much.
damn cutie, you know im L.A to the death! How you been?
RT The Florida Keys = America's kidney stones
U live life stress what u never heard of weed?
#monteball doing work on that #ducksdefense 👍💪
If you think about it if Larry Sanders hadn't knocked Udrih's shot out of the basket...would we be 14-17?
Are you ready for #smallbusinessSaturday today?
If by shirt you mean body, then yes.
I hear ya. What are some good horn #newmusiccliches?
LOL! I got a similar request about making a print video and making it go viral.
All this talk of yielding and palfreys makes me wonder when someone's going to get beheaded.
Yo daughter b dancing crazy! Who she learning these moves from?????
What's Gucci my nigga
Morning calls from your boyfriend >>>
Thanks for the follow..
Mick Jagger and Foo Fighters on the season finale of #SNL May 19th. I likey.
that's funny, I didn't think treadmills and boxers mingled
Get out of my closet!
Haven't used it much yet, but looks promising.
going to eat some american food with ali! boy, i'm getting culture from all over the world today!
it's sprinkles! Who says jimmies?
Free throws are a fundamental part of the game. With that being said...FUCK!!!
I wonder which is better, Kindle Fire or iPad 2? Price wise the kindle is only $200, iPad is about $500. So kindle wins price wise.
My dream would be to meet and the whole crew
So did I! Although I must admit, it's my first. RT : Just ordered another sheet of stamps, woof!
I've met loren in real life
not feelin school so much right now---come come summer so I can make my money
Me, me, me! I also put it on Granny Smith apples.
I don't mind hahaha I was just saying.
Happy Halloween enjoy your tricks and treats
Currently listening to: "Knife" Sotelo - NORML ft. Chris Grace
give me a shout out please! i follow back!
Wish one of those was coming my way! Wasn't quick enough!
This account is so in active
"I have bigger boobs than an 18 year old" WHO CARES! Go sit in the irrelevance corner...
I'm counting my gummy bears and organizing them by color. Oh come on don't tell me you never did this..nom nom nom one less green bear.
I was crying for you to stop singing,you suck!
#ineverlearn convo's with the old man never end well. I try, but that Ego is a life saver machine in reverse; sucks the life out of you.
Hahaha you do have swag!
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers!
our boy of course. He was the only one that got good reviews on all three songs. He only murdered 2 of em though
Big sweep by to start the season! Won today 1-0 and 13-2 in a double header.
oh hello there sexy , i can't wait to see the #boyfriendvideo ;) counting down the next #3days, i love you!
air time that could be used to explain Obamacare to viewers.
Whoa. Tamara Banks is back at Channel 2? Okay, she's reporting on 31 right now, but I still haven't seen her in years.
Impossible is nothing...no actually it's Past Possible. If you dreamed it and u work for it, it is supposed to happen.
#nowcraving one of their Mexican Mochas
Testing Twitter to Facebook again....
Take a look at our new shows at www.collaterallive.com!
Have a great tour!
need to get me a copy!
ha. Like a moth to flame ;)
The days of being loyal to a company and staying 40 and 50 years, being offered stock options and a CEO position is long gone
o I forgot abt that too
I love skyping with crazy people.
Racism changes our set of circumstances. Immigrants don't have the same lived & historical realities.
Drawing is putting a line (a)round an idea. ~Henri Matisse
Damn it feels good outside. :-)
I'm trying to figure out how to get out of this disc golf funk!
same, how are you?
great word! Thanks for your heart and passion for God
About 3 hours drive
didn't you just eat the same thing yesterday or Tues? Ah the life of a hot playmate.
Working with myfavoritepeople.com right now to get the word out to more people that we need gender equality in all its forms NOW!
I don't see the resemblance lol
thanks, Anna! I hadn't seen that yet.
Good luck this weekend. !!
I would give up one of my kidneys to meet #myheroes [not a stalker]
Happy Mother's Day!
he'll be able to use that if he goes again ! Lol!
Looking forward to getting to hang out with Gray and Bella tonight. What to do? Pizza, ice cream, movie? Maybe all of above.
thanks for the follow!
Florida is a little too far from Philadelphia ... I'll be here in spirit!!! Hope it's a total success!
Live music tonight at 7 !
So, it sucks that my brother is sick, but I'm not complaining that I only have Maddy for a little bit. Time to catch up on some sleep.
Twitter beefs lol
Greetings in the spirit of Emerson to Whitman "at the beginning of a great career."
Didn't mind seeing favorite win; solid effort
Getting ready for another awesome day at the Market!!
Girl, we should talk!
im taking Rashad by knockout
French and algebra 2 classes feel like they never end D:
"All eyez on me like I'm ready to die..."
I am in need of a serious nap
- What's a disappointment?
Q6 Could a Goodreads & Co account be used for this? The assignment being to read and review so many books in certain genres?
Sonys are good computers I fixed a few before. I like my Dells now Mac they have there days can't run 7 programs at once .
Epithets ARE vile, but blind censorship not wise. Plus we've bigger racial injustices & more insidious coded racism deserving attn (3/3)
hahahaha maybe one day :D brb shower time (:
Boosting Right up Internet Potential customers Using Internet marketing Optimization Process
“Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so.” - Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Good idea- gefilta fish sandwich between two doughnuts
Im gonna keep the big booty bitch one because its kinda funny
I need a secretary-bot to handle scheduling meetings with groups of people. Seems to take forever to do via email.
I don't know, I will look it up and let you know. Thanks for the question. I hope it does.:)
yes, I passed all my proficiencies! :D and got first place in our 4x100 relay (:
Critique the grammar in the notes you find them passing back and forth.
Finally finished in da booth hittin up the diner for pancakes wit the general
re-focusing...the post-era course
new to me reference Q: "Do you have any DVDs on how to pose during bodybuilding competitions?"
New thing, At the end of the Pre-Season/ Regular season Ill Say all Records. And Playoff Winners and Losers. And Pro bowl + Superbowl!
Wow. I Go Downstairs And Play My Guitar And Yu Think I Leave The House. -.- *1/11/12<3*
let me call him and check LOL
To recap: A pitcher who isn't who he claimed to be causes the Indians to acquire a recently traded mountain-climbing hurler from the Rockies
Your critical insights can provide the stimulus for change, n lord knows we could all use a little of that to keep growing!!!!
Our last 10 TICKETS to our grand opening are available NOW! Come to 2718 J Street for your last chance to get into our party
do you know who Rebecca Black is?
#RomneyYachtNames My Other Boat's the QEII
haha had to get some southern fast food chicken and sweet tea!
i have no way of categorizing my memories
omg yes! I love that movie, and channing m :) that's added to the list!
in the words of Brandy "AW HELL!!!!"
Throw it down big man throw it down.
it's going really well, 20k unique visitors last month and growing. Check it out to see where you can watch the Bills!
i love you im trysten will you please follow me
On the road to Rome, Ga!! Go Jesus!
it pains me to say this, but 's 'a wasteland companion' is his weakest and, sadly, totally underwhelming. back to post-war...
Kyoto Japanese Garden, Holland Park, London
Thanks for the kind words A.J.!
who would put their kid on Skype for porn???
not cool;I never meet the boys, but they seem like amazin guys.Either way there good people and you shouldn't start.
Pro social and anti-social harmful behavior is happening in these social environments. They turn to parents, peers for help
omg, what a great show!!!!!!
Everything Takes Time, Time Takes Everything
The captain can be a director, school owner or senior instructor
Lmao ppl be thinking they so important
Is he the guy with blonde hair? I like the mom ;)
My next move will be my best move, believe it
Where the boats go
nearly done wit ma project but I still have 2 do my maths
I know... had no idea. Hope his book will still come out.
So done with eveyone and how there acting. Don't be suprised if I call you out.
you are delicious mix of joy :D
it makes me laugh every time too! I look a little psycho!
So sad #Hollywood Young is over.But we'll see y'all tomorrow at #BTTR same place(NE 127 st and Us1) & same time (5:30-10pm)
jesus christ
Off for dinner... Xx
I'm missing my MJ at this moment :(
thanks for your help! find us on facebook and help spread the word =) we could use a good street team <3
"Justice is being distorted for political ambition," says Paul Pfingst re: Sweetwater. Mr. Pfingst, same could be said about Arlie Ricasa.
you're welcome!
RT #greenmedia blog looking god ... and tasty
patience... Working on that...
So much louder than words !
The Shelley House is believed to be the first reinforced concrete residence in Baltimore.
Nothing like a long drive rockin out to some #countrymusic by yourself!
Deadstock, never even put em on my feet.
Hear hear! RT it's a compliment. You cant be successful at this gig without unabashed nerdiness.
I cant believe im running late....ugh.
Absolutely crossed eyed after being on the computer almost the entire day!!
how do u get popular on utube?
on will be providing an Irish menu complete w/ wonderful recipes for all our parade fans! Check it out this Wednesday
If you just knew the things I've sweat for and the things I deal with daily and still stand tall with my back straight
All the PCC Operations Committee documents are now saved in Dropbox and synced. I'm trying to save trees. And my back (paper is heavy!).
It's ridiculous! “: RaceView image is fully zoomed. And BP is increasing. lol”
I don't think I have ever signed up!
president Obama you are full of shit there are still no jobs and people are not seeing more money in their pay checks bullshit
Happy Tuesday
": All day, everyday. RT : #spreadlove is what its all about! I feel that!"
I need to take sum pics of me.
Faith is not a delicate flower which would wither away under the slightest stormy weather. -- Mahatma Gandhi
We picked the Color Purple Winner!! Congratulations Agnes!! She won 2 tickets to the opening night & a $50 gift card to Mundo.
yea I don't think so either...
moving to NYC? yay! you are already my BFF in my mind. :) can't wait to see you perform on Friday!
Great, Grooveshark has ramped up their site video marketing. I guess annoying ads are the price I pay for free streaming music.
Lobster with white wine. With either Alan or Liam as the dinner date.
Through nineteenth century lenses, Plato appeared a rationalist. His mystical philosophies were considered weaknesses!
Hop over to & dive into family-friendly #Easter fun w/ underwater Easter egg hunts & #RedMarlin's brunch! Call: 6192241234
fat chance, that's her only goal in life
Never look down on someone unless you are helping them up
Wow, unbelievable RT You guessed it. Sky Blue Sky is 5 years old today. Seems like just yesterday and, somehow, forever ago
cool post, thanks for sharing.
New connects for production
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
“: Eww olives are gross af!” ranch!
Say Hello to everyone down at Pike Place..
check out the goods on Windows new OS "Windows 7" by Craig Lebowitz, Senior Developer at NGP Software and bicycle mechanic extraorinaire ...
All right the best show ever congrats guys
Dental Exam, X-Rays, & Home Whitening for $99 ($585 value!) from Vista Ridge Dental. Use code: FreeBeeSocial & save
if everyone likes what you're doing, you're doing it wrong.
It's funny that the only numbers phone saved were
Do we need drama to make a relationship work?
Hope you have a great weekend!
that is not the sign of a successful party.
👏 at the chili cook off looking right ;)
Any followers let us know if you'd like to collaborate on anything.
Hey there adrienne nice to make your acquaintance
Making the most out of this great sunny weather! Cleaning cars at the AstroJet Car Wash on 17th and Tacoma in Sellwood!
Omg borrow shoes of someone or something. Don't miss the effing party
Dogs in ads work! Sketchers #SuperBowl spot caught my attention.
Working on syllabus for 1st class I'll be teaching at UCSD-Extension--Making Personality Tick--Developing Character 4 creative nonfiction!
I've never see rain come down this hard in my life
Take control of your life through the choices u make, never try to control the others IN your life. It's not your place. Respect boundaries.
RT : Planning for college should not mean stressing about it--reframe the process to make it enjoyable./& retain sense of humor
Keurig + Hot Apple Cider packet = M
the wrong person went home on #dwts. It's a popularity contest. Gladys has a pretty big fan base. Should vote on best dancers
you're coming at me hard right now Commish. We are still out of NHL 12. Moran boy and I will get on that.
i'm recording around 8:00 tonight then off it goes to you! :) i'll let you know when it's sent :)
Do you work in Coral Gables?? Check out our Executive lunch menu and enjoy three delicious courses for only $17!!
Appreciate the RT
Party party!!! With my girls :)
I think the strike zone at Miller Park tonight is 10 feet by 10 feet.
A brake from writing for a wine run.
How was your day?
I'm not okay. I should not have googled that.
I have no clues what sunday night scene it...
some people don't see love even if their staring right at it
Lol your welcome !! See you Sunday! Better be ready to play some baseball. (:
you are disrupting my TV watching schedule with youtube videos!!! I did what i was told to do and stopped :)
he's amazing! So proud!!!
nice so did u win tonight?
Baking at altitude for the first time. This may end in disaster.
Pens are the new Caps. Great in regular season, win by out scoring everybody and then forgot you need D to win in playoffs.
Listening to REM may also help lose your religion :)
Driving around with one of those "Bumper Buddies" is the automotive equiv to coming out of the bathroom with toilet paper stuck to your shoe
love you Andrew would make my day if you followed me <3
daughter so excited for ur show--wish I was there but garage sale for Honduras beat u out :)
lol this is what happens when the gf makes me watch bad tv
My kid's school just emailed a Lice Log spreadsheet broken out by classroom. Grand total: 1 case. Too much info and yet somehow too little.
lol that's where I've been but I'm leaving today
haha I'll see you soon then ^.^
Playing around with the Arabic Twitter!
2nd soccer practice got rained out(:
Nora Guthrie giving an educational program on Woody's songwriting to a group of students at USC. Woody's centennial celebrations continue.
guess where I'm going in 10 days ?! NANDOS !
25 days until Graduation
There is still time to Walk a Mile in Her Shoes! 4th & K in dwntwn SD! Just $40! Funds support Becky's House!
Crumbling like a stale taco shell.
Lmfao!!!!!! Poor mosquito... Drinking his blood all lonesome lol
Kentucky Derby pick: I'll Have Another, from the 19 post
Hey and will one of you pick up some caviar for the pre-party and after-party? I have everything else covered.
#60Minutes did an awesome job last night on their report on #SteveJobs & It was an eye opening piece
Newscasters should learn history
Theres a lot of things going on at once
Some things I write I'll share with anybody, but there are things I've written that people may never see.
No question that the Predators are a strong defensive team, but people are dreaming if they think Gaustad is the missing piece
how are the #chicagowolves liking post game?
People come into your life for a reason no matter how you look at it.
A huge thank you to Erin Manian for donating $100 to the Junior Board team!
!!THE GROWN PPL TODAY SAY US KIDS DK BOUT LOVE THATS BEKUZ WE HAVE TEENAGE LOVE...YOUNG LOVE :-)
good! watching american pie wbu? :) x
Shoot me an email so I can learn more about the project you're doing.
Overdue #WW thanks to
yeah that's actually true...
When you're gone, the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it ok, I miss you.
Lets Go Yankees!! RT if your with me...
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. – Lao Tzu
on night stand is fun too lol joking!!
I'm going to have to wear the shoes to an upcoming happy hour :)
haha it was a miserable day no worries we're mostly happy : )
Followed! c;
That awkward moment when you called your teacher by tha wrong name ..
Mi.Keys this Friday night ! Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
back from italy having finally understood something
Hi Bella. Have an absolutely fantastic day .. and night.
I dont know i like all of them lol. you should make a nutella flavor~
. Combine passion with collections for a true participatory culture.
Cable loss has more to do with than just gauge. Our cables are designed to fix what's wrong with cable. The result? More Music. More Detail.
I spent most of my morning watching a bunch of their videos when I noticed a lot of them were On Demand. I miss MCA already.
Now Nelson Cruz can place his "boomstick" up the home plate umpire's ass.
If you haven't been to Soho Tea & Coffee yet then you have to check it out. It's a hidden treasure.
I'm not giving a fuck. But if you want me to give a fuck, then I suggest you say something more Interesting .
HI! You too!
First person to high five every band member gets a free shirt!!
First time riding the MARC Train! Already major accomplishments for 2012. I dedicate this one to you,
I see bro.
Playoff at the Zurich Classic and Overtime in the NHL playoffs.
What movie should Patti and I go see this evening?
it doesnt work...
Rehearsals all morning. Wango Tango all night.... -Britney
The Ace Parking crew at the US Grant Hotel rocks! Mr Hooker and his team are first class.
girl...I am not feelin this
I love seeing my country bumpkin rockin the cowboy boots!
where is Ralph going?
. satisfied cravings are always a good thing! Now counting down the hours until
you're bipolar.
follow back please?(:
Back atcha. Here's mud in yer eye.
Gettin it on this doe run
By your excitement I am guessing that is good! lol SO CONGRATS!!!!
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself
What remodel plans do you have and how can we take some of that off your plate?
oh.. season finales this week :3
great to know there's still a few potato-heads out there!
the tummy is happy. But my jeans are saying no more:) oh well, most breakfast food are just sugar in disguise:)
in all fairness, it went well. My stomach hadn't been good for a week, but was able to do my share and hold on for a sprint.
I want French toast for breakfast. That sounds good
I'll hunker with you, Kris.! RT : Hunkering down for the storm. Are you all hunkering too? Come on, hunker with me!
Twitter? Twitter!
Doesn't count it I do it because I live here.
Jeff Mirman from Turner Sports says... better content cultivates quality fandom.
I go to spend $1 and I end up spending $3. Damn it iTunes Genius Recommendations!
Have you ever taken a online course? Did you like it?
W.aolcitysbest.com for dining finds rocks...especially san Diego
Self-discipline creates personal freedom. Randy Gage
good luck!
Thx for the follow. Will shout out when were in The 'Ville next. Derby w/e must have been epic.
So we have a new song for you guys. whadda ya say? 2k? can we do it? :D
up early this morning ready to keep myself busy and do something useful. YahhYahh
Hey it wouldn't hurt.... but I'm sure you would be fighting for mayorship!
Michael Vick update ... Panthers, Packers and Ravens mentioned as possible destinations
hey sis i need a wake up call @ 6...thanks!
We do not have the money to pay teachers...let alone build a high speed rail system.
Can we please get a microphone for CIO comments @ the CIO discussion meeting? Big room.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the RTs!!
Nice. Had one of those in phone-call form. Congratulations.
in other words, as Polonius said, "Brevity is the soul of wit".
AYY I SAY THAT :)
I guess cuz they cheap
y he even using it
just workin on hits too....we need to do some more magic!!!
we got experience winning rings with starters missing.
Impress your mom for Mother's Day w/ American Express® Simon Giftcard®. T&C's apply
yeah where IS Jimmy?? damn west coast.
"The quicker we can get to that the better everyone will be" -Fourquare's Tristan Walker on
So you're saying you saw the sign. Did it open up your eyes? You saw the sign.
Good Friday morning mi beautiful frens give thanks Fari for the coming of the day Jah luv...
Thanks for following
Enough of this religious fervor. Get along.
Happy New Year!
I clearly need a new group of friends. My current group is inept.
Bitten by the saving seat bug. Thought we'd all agreed on the 1for1 ratio. Glad I don't feel like starting shit.
Thanks for the shout out Danny.
Tough round to score. Carwin looked good early but JDS started pickin him apart. Got it 19-18 after 2 rounds.
I would include those, yes.
Started watching this movie for my english class and passed out only 30 minutes into it... woops.
Living to 16 years old in America and graduating High school is to be EXPECTED...they may get something when they graduate college
missing a great game w her face buried in her #iPhone lol
A lillte bird told me one of the Food Network crews and a truck will be @ the Pawn Stars location tomorrow around 11am!!
you've now been corrupted. Haha thanks for checking us out. Follow us.
#know12 Traditional approaches now dying: roadmaps that depend on extending monolithic investments (SAP, Oracle, etc.)
Geese are the fucking devil, evil little bastards chasing innocent little girls like me! :( nearly pissed myself! :(
RT josephdepalma Testing #CLEAR in Philly. Whopping .98mb/sec cap so far. <-- That's 10x faster than my 96kbps #ClearWire service in #dfw!!
Working at Ida dance today. Still submitting to managers- most I've gotten is everybody is tightening their roster but I'll find it
so excited. I definitely feel fortunate to have a community of friends/family that help me see opportunities I wouldn't see for myself.
IntelliJ ftw (main product by makers of phpStorm), but was using eclipse to try out a plugin for a new framework. never again
it's up to 54 for your picnic tomorrow!! yaaay!
Just finished an awesome meal at Arugula in n.boulder. try the paulistano.
