happy you've found galazy hut! its a hidden gem in wholefoodsland
yes. Not me me, but to one of my employees the other night haha
My parents live in Neenah. I got to see the #Miron headquarters get built.
Agreed! But I wondered if it's bc I was Tweeting during it? IDK. I've never live-tweeted a fireside before.
no Starz pulled there contract. That's why nothing has updated. Considering blockbuster.
don't wink at me.
The benefits of enhanced communications are limitless
I hope they put me to sleep.
key word: "highly"
Night tweeters <3
Tell me about it. Already at the bus stop.
Cats & Dogs should be fed 2x a day. No free feeding to ensure vitality, enhance the immune system, help them slim down & build better blood
getting my holter monitor tomorrow. #tooyoungtobethissick :/
Everything About You or Stole My Heart :) xx
Dunno. But I would go seeking confirmation from anyone at WNYC who handles loss prevention, rights, distribution, etc.
Fame by David Bowie was co written by John Lennon...he plays guitar and sings on it. What a badass song
Bratwursts. Soaked in beer.
I would like to share a track with you I think you might be interested in this track:...
I can't complain too much. lol
Finally recovering and getting out of bed after last night's final farewell celebration at Enough said.
By my count, Packers won as many playoff games as the Vikings this year.
uh oh
Build confidence & raise self esteem! Like us on Facebook
BFI looking for good ideas to invest in! send message here if you want a form to fill out, or a link. Love to all
Are you going to Sacramento?
Food and toy drive is wrapping up! THANK YOU THANK YOU to all who donated this year!
Thanks for the support! We really appreciate it. Especially coming from such an amazing company. :)
Why do I feel as if I double booked myself??
Yayyyyy to the warm fire in the cabin. At Snoqualmie Summit.
Sweetbabyjesus. I resisted going to the grocery store all day but forced myself. I now see my instinct was right. Fools out en masse
Exactly. Loved the energy though. Eagles are on the rise!
Missed as part of 2 shows? His stand-up from last nite's show will b on TimeWarnerOD soon!
But wasn't there a curse?
found the perfect shoes yesterday, I"m in love! <3
Watching the real housewives of Beverly hills with my momma, & wondering how much botox these women have had. Wow.
just been working a lot so I can get this big screen and so I can go to New York for Thanksgiving how are you doing sweetness?
We can always use some extra hands, if you can make it out before the game
My friend just called me by my Government name.. he serious!! LOL
The shower is always my best think tank
I hate Mississippi.....
We're slackin on the twitter updates. We'll try to get back in the habit
Finally joined twitter
Laker fans need to tell Bynum there's a close out game going on
is there any way to search for events by location (i.e. dc) instead of strolling through all of them? Thanks!
Xylitol is safe for people (and oddly, cats), but is very toxic to dogs.
Manchester city I'm not a fan but I despise Man. U. More so win this match today at Newcastle and hold lead at top of tables.
love it RT : The #gwynethorjoancrawford hashtag is doing right now is brilliant and unsettling.
Hi & Thanks Terri! How've you been lately?
Completed the Game Design Workshop led by Marc LeBlanc (8kindsoffun.com). Thank you, Marc. Thank you, NYU Game Ce…http://(8kindsoffun.com).
They didn't release it:-(. Tried to get them to, was over ruled. If we do one at Remote-Learner, we'll release it.
thinking about going to bed...thinking about watching the tivo'd jon and kate plus 8...what to do, what to do...
I kinda want to write a paper about the rhetoric of Neanderthals now. Summer project?
You truly are a blessing on this earth and a wonderful mother and friend
....yall check me and gucci out b famillia e class ....coming off new album "DallasMostWanted" feat dallas majors!
Another flat tire...seriously...over it.
my number is 316 (for obvious reasons) Merry Christmas Mr.&Mrs. Claus
Sorry I couldnt wish you #CONGRATS earlier but CONGRATS ON 15 MILLION FOLLOWERS! PUMPED FOR TONIGHT! YOU??
I feel like I haven't been on here in forever
Hey Coral :)
Roseanne just tweeted me and called me an asshole!
But seriously, is so beautiful. Like its not okayy
Going into stores and wanting everything.
does Egypt really need moderation? Big change is needed (worldwide, too), but yes, it must be a peaceful & tolerant change
will do!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napoleon…
such a great concept
Wow I love being ignored by my boyfriend! Not /: thanks
Agreed! love you guys!
Screencasting Part 3 of 4 for an online tutorial.
Mos Def... Love you too babe RT We're building our legacy this is only th begining! I love you baby! Xoxo
Sleeping next to my 3 year old is like wrestling with a ninja.
maybe Just a thought....Rusty is now going to be single, rich and very willing to...make those dreams come true.
Awee, when guys say sweet things about their girl >>>>
when are red hot and boom announcements? :)
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 1
I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. Don't be mad at me for something you did or didn't do. #retweet that one too
I just listened to super bass no way you know all the lyrics...you're gonna have to prove it NH
Blackler article addresses some of the problematic universals in Nonaka.
Private video screening party! Come parrty with us at the clubhouse!
This Nigga Writting W/ A Dry Erase Marker On A Worksheet.... Tf?
Jill, will I see you at the summit this week?
Thanks for giving us a shot! How about your next haircut is on us?
Robert...do you like movies with gladiators? Have you been to a turkish prison? Have a good break
Thrilled to announce that we we received a donation from the Lloyd E. Russell Foundation to kick off the "Save Outwrite Books" campaign.
Panda Express!
Basically just a mocha with chunks of cookie in it :P
Nope—thanks for the pointer, will check it out. Looks similar to Divvy. I also use Stay.app (saves window arrangements).
Discover The Importance Of Internet Marketing Statistics ...
Wow, some people just won't give up at nothing .
right now its 10 mil, all new tv contracts should fetch 3-4x old deals.
that last WOD was amazing to watch! He seriously KILLED it! I thought I was going to break the stands by jumping so much
#ICantStandWhen im trying to smoke people wanna bother me
Thanks! You looked cute in your photo.
do you ever feel like a plastic bag?
Where you at ?
It's my birthday and I'm sick. We'll played 29. Well played...
awesome! thanks for sharing!
how much are you willing to spend?
Getting caught up on the #kendrashow then getting to bed early!!! Nightie Night :)
- Thx for the RT about Pariah. We go back from the days of Young Back Professionals in LA!
follow me ? please :D i lovee youu...! :)
Of course! How are you!
#tech from is (finally) here to replace the #harddrive :)
going to sunfest tonight! Paul Rogers and Creed
wonder if I get holiday pay today?
Im gonna hit my 10k today guys !
Lemme make some french fries with all that shit I like..
good luck!!
Wow, can't believe Chicago was eliminated...bummer !
Rereading convos make me so confused ... You can't honestly tell me it meant nothing to you
Great love and great achievement involve great risk. Take the risk anyway.
pfftt! I've been getting up at 8 this week to finish a project. And now that I have, its my rest day (x
I figured it was mighty late. You should probably stop drinking now if your airport run is soon. :)
People also smoke #synthetic #marijuana to get negative drug tests...military, court, treatment, sports, employer, etc
Want more followers? Then do these1)Follow 2)RT this n S/O 3) More U Do it More Followers you get n We will Return the Favor.
haha hell yeah
Productivity now grinding to a halt.
#Smash is fantastic! Can't get enough! Seriously!
I'm a 21 year old Electro House DJ & Producer from Miami looking for management and record label single release signings.
The law protects college fantasy football, and, really, all fantasy sports. The NCAA is not law; the NCAA is just a business.
Mary Meeker's latest report: 60% Pandora use, 55% Twitter use, $4B Ebay sales & $2B AMZN sales all on mobile. Oppty has become necessity.
If you think about it, WWII was the original STAR* War! *The Jews were forced to wear the Star of David and fuck this.
Was a bangin' weekend with live band hits both Thursday night at the Elbo Room and Friday night with the Pimps of Joytime @ the Independent!
I love microsoft office 2010
I love the Asshole chants for LeBron James.
I'm going with ya.
Is that something you track using a particular tool, or <shudder> manually?
I like how all the rachets come out of the wood works.
Bout to block every single person out my life .
Big. Big, physical, can move puck and good shot. Hockey smart, too.
Nunez would have made 43 errors on that play.
So I sit here and wonder is it possible to find love on twitter, because i keep reading about all these people that are doing it
but you never get it right
#vernon davis BEAST!!!
And Turkish of course! :) I just know English, Norwegian and Spanish ... I'm the same way, I'm itching for more!
riches, oops.
So true - RT Problem w/ #PIPA, #SOPA is that “it treats the Internet as if its only purpose was to promote infringement” -
Day 2 of conference in Charlottesville!
hey your el paso special was on! i always enjoy watching you!
so today's my birthday & my follow buttons feeling kind of lonely(;
My girl ,mi just reactivate mi twitter again . .lost all my followers and shit. .lawd
The groundhog saw his shadow but theres no way were having 6 more weeks of this "winter". What winter?
California dreaming
"Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory." -Norman Vincent Peale What's your favorite positive affirmation?
Havent been on here for a while but im still reading the same damn tweets
Does anyone else think Directv has the worst commercials on TV
your welcome <3
Hey, Mizzou? You're playing Norfolk State. My heart shouldn't be in my throat with seven minutes to go.
My girlfriend's dead, you know. She fell off a cliff and died on impact.
looking good by the way!
love your tweets!!!
What a crazy day! Ended Day 1A of #WPTMadrid w 112k chips! Hopefully I can keep the momentum up. Now time for some food!
Hush Before I Call You And Cuss You Out
because were beast drivers
Read one of your articles today. Thought I recognized your name from VU Student Media. I'm c/o92 so prob from alumni mags.
get better soon!
I've been exposed multiple times, been vaccinated & still have no antibodies. Doctor says no "natural immunity" but I wonder.
Taking the bus to jury duty today. If I don't get picked I'm going to go out like Pacino: "You're out of order!"
Interesting show so far.
Soulmate love heals people while it stamps out loneliness and brings so much more happiness.
i need to get out this house
How does one gain followers?
Whoa!! RT Some people can't hang wit that!! LoL RT : fireball for the win haha
Perfect day for parade! My son's first marching with the high school band.
City v United. Waiting to exhale.
Tell him about Indiana's 4 and 6 at the IMA :)
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. Seneca
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: Dylan Banks ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Santee, CA ⁰Travel Team: Next Generation ⁰Shooting Guard 5’2
Happy Friday everyone! Kick start your weekend with #KnowHowToDance from available on iTunes! #Pink&Purple
sometimes that's all you can do.
When it rains it pours
A yummy kind of bad. RT : Finished #CaptainAmerica...that movie is still bad ... Countdown to
FLEA MARKET DOCUMENTARY on right now. Doesn't matter when you tune in. This could be our best documentary. C'mon. Turn it on.
Everybody get to the amphitheater stage. The grates are killing it!!! #SITG we heart Splendour!!
<ahem> not only IS it a sex thing, sir, its practice is the leading cause of non-cosmetic anal bleachings in the country!
TONIGHT head out to BRINK ORLANDO where I'll be spinning beats! FREE DRINKS 11-12! And a charity event 9-11 where CARLI NICHOLAS will...
Dear Oregon Drivers, Two requests: 1- please drive the speed limit. Not 5 under. 2- pay attention to turn arrows. Sincerely, other drivers
UH i just hate Parody accounts!!!!
but i don't want to wake up at 2am! or 3am!
Interesting crowd at The Chelsea tonight...
Can't wait to see the fight tomorrow night!
I am the walking dead...
just fed the 🐠and I gave her FOUR pieces of food hahaha
what's good bro
Yeah no doubt. I'll be home around 7 just hit me up
Cissy Houston THANK YOU for bringing the ENTIRE WORLD to CHURCH! The way you raised this legend! ENGENIUS!
see u didn't have to beat ur self up about it. But now I cant get u to join the anti Spanish club.
wonder what im cooking in 2nd period
#Groupon is featuring the Oct 10-13. The $10 you normally spend on lunch can feed a hungry family of FIVE!
Katie's daughter just brought her the stole. Everybody is weeping.
LeBron's pass was so dumb... if you're on the break, just throw a bounce pass or a lob :|
Bck too sleep putting my alarm clock at 2 but ill probaly just keep snoozin it x)
i mean suck emily cock XD
Everything is done through our website www.CityStreak.com. Sign your team up now for $5 a person. See you later today!
Difficult offseason decisions await Bulls
I really need to stop reading til midnight
The lunar eclipse was eclipsed by all the clouds. I know we need the rain, but enough already!
Thanks Kaspian! Hope your weekend is off to a good start!
bae I done seen that joke so many times lmao
home and chillin', worked all day setting up my writing suite...back to being creative.
Please someone tell Danny Gare how to pronounce "Hodgson". Makes him more annoying than usual.
Does anyone work in an underserved food neighborhood? Tweet if you need a truck! Lots of trucks looking for welcoming places to vend.
shut up.
Not sure which is worse: the guys in the room above me playing "Angel" by Shaggy or that I can smell their Axe through the bathroom vent.
No. YOU'RE THE BEST!
Perfect ending to a long day of work. At enjoying Kevin Winger's work!
welcome back to the iDarkSide
When are 2011 ticket prices and STH invoices coming out
Gotta love Obama's shout out to Detroit in the opening of the #SOTU tonight. Even he recognizes that we're coming up strong in 2012!
is there some assumption that price and quality go together?
Of course, you girls are amazing! Literally the best best dressed people we've hung out with in a long time :)
It's official.. The best time of the day to workout at #PlanetFitness is early afternoon.
who thinks I should get a gun license in Nevada????????
Hey LB: Do u have block parties, BBQs, Fiestas, & Pot Lucks in your neighborhood? If so, let us know what neighborhood u are in!
Hahaa yup! #northend RT : or frank giving you his number
Time to write this essay!
Ready to connect w/your calm, strength + awareness? Go beyond the stretch - Extend&Restore 8:30am this morn Beverly Hills
That MORE than counts! Sounds like you're having a blast!
Thank you for the mention and George Washington fact! Appreciate the recognition from a UNC grad!
No school today.. Due to lack of babysitter For my sis Alis, while the Mom&Billy are with Hayle during her surgery
well absolutely better to tell her. Was nice of u. Some wouldn't.
please "LIKE" my facebook page! www.facebook.com/gstatus763
Yeah, I'm drinking the kool-aid..... Black Cherry my
Beltway is not your happy place this Friday AM... Inner CRAWLING from BWPkwy to LandoverRd #DCTraffic Crash in the left lane
:DD.. Its just an amazing career! and if anyone I know you love food more than anything :)
a tweet saying goodnight would be the perfect way to end my night (;
KEEP THE MOMENTUM!
Why is there NEVER a lint roller when I need one?!
Make your own Monday. Let us know what kind of wine you like & we build the wine tasting. 4 for $14. Great way to learn about new wines
u tell em Austin!
yes please
Thanks for sending the #Aventura school info. I used to live there and have a lot of of friends with kids in that school.
the heat just suck
Very true!
“: Working on new songs with Andy !” <~ Andy needs a twitter!
needs to stick to one genre to write..ugh..this is gettin frustratin :/
can we just go on a date. get away from everyone..just you and me..
#AnimalAg can be invisible to folks in urban areas. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
Love Their New Single "Where The Boys At". Their Voices are so Unique.
Goig to check out Toby Keith's, I Love This Bar in Las Vegas this weekend.
7th period. Finally ♥
Black ppl know how to have FUN!
Can't wait Katie! : great way to end the day- fab meeting with my #bride and #groom! so excited for their #wedding in two weeks!
Visit South Pole. Do a handstand. Now your holding up the Earth.
thanks for the follow
Charge your battery! We are doing Twitter Giveaways tonight during service! Best quote or photo wins a gift card! Mention us and tag
SexTips: suck his balls softly while u jack him off : SUCH A TURN ON
#LGBT Republicans are a waste of air!!!
thanks! :) “: Happy Birthday ”
Now she's far far away And I'd do anything just to see her face But she's far far away Walk a thousand miles just to see her smile again
Jefferson's Beek scores from Bach jefferson 6- Kennedy 0.
Is anyone else excited for Google Wallet?
#KimKWedding , wow someone is going to marry that #skank?
Hello Twitter world! Welcome to our official account. We're new to this and trying to get the word out there about our film! Keep Posted!
#amreading The Widsom of Donkeys: Finding Tranquility in a Chaotic World by Andy Merrifield #travelwriting #France #slowingdown Great book.
Pissed going to sleep now
Yeehaw, I'm going to Texas!
Ah, good Q. I'll get the thoughts of the experts...
sweet. Direct message us the name you used to order and we'll make sure you get a second one in your order
Everybody's taking about Cedar Point & Put In Bay.... I wanna go. To both 😁
it was good to see you for 2 seconds this morning! miss you!
What's Lee Pace up to these day? Is he still as dreamy as ever?
let us know when its out!
Megan! Thanks for the ReTweet, how are you? Any plans for Memorial Day weekend?
Perfect. RT “: Maybe Romney was asked to speak at Liberty University *because* of his bullying past.”
Why is someone munching chips so loud? Why are they eating chips at 9 am? Why are they in a library, munching chips?
Thanks for the follow Sharyn!
Easter Brunch is filling fast, Give us a call today and let us do the work on Sunday.
aww!!!! Coco is so cute!! What kind of dog is she??
booking shows, booking shows...and booking more shows. what did YOU do today? :)
Right here
Look at things not as they are, but as they can be. Big thinkers visualize what can be done in the future. They aren't stuck in the present.
Simple but delicious ;) RT Poptarts and tampico for breakfast
so I think it's in like Maryland.. I THINK... Like cape cod cape may... Idk I was just wondering... Can u text?
Hello patron and bud light. Anyone want to drink with me? Ill buy you one or two.
Sitting next to a family at the bar in town for a college visit. Grandma looks stressed. Kid looks stressed. Mom is totally relaxed.
Luke has is baby cousin completely convinced my name is tigs-_-
big city life !
I love you, and Iove this mixtape!
Oh my fuck, stop calling me miss cori. Biggest turn off....EVER.
Last night's Celebrate Education, was great! Doris Todd Christian School Band performed and the mall donated $719 to the school!
Great seeing you as always :-) "Gonna see tonight as well at the promenade"
Please do! Yeah, sounds like a good new years resolution for 2012. ;)
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)33
something red perhaps ? :)
My offical private G+ is reported :O
And we miss you daily as well. Plus decorating the office for holidays. Plus your baking.
I wanna go to a black light party
who the fuck u talkin to ?
having some fun eating popcorn and cheeseballs
would love to, now that class is over, might be able to once in a while. sorry I zoomed past you like that, wasn't intentional!
please call our south main store at 901-922-5549. Thank you so much!
mine will be green :D RT : mine will be purple. Hahahah! :)
you should make Adel go with you. He'd love it.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 1: “Don't apologize or mention that you usually have much more time. Be confident.”
happy vday Grace ;-)
pls i can't #follow more than 2001 people. Can any1 find a solution to that... pls RT
At least 3 or 4 beast mode celebrations tonight... great job boys. Oh and praise the lord for roof beams at Minute Maid Park!
do you use a heat press to keep all business in house? If not, maybe we can assist.
Thanks for sharing your expertise with us at Roadmap11!
yeah probably HTML 5 should go next to Drupal 7 (not pictured but further to the right!)
any news or metrics from manor labs? What's working? What's not?
CEO Derek Johnson is now on Twitter - follow his #SCIP2012 tweets
Running is stupid.
alum conducts alum Ricky Ian Gordon's "A Lullaby" sung by Audra Mcdonald.
Saturday is bound to be a good time, and we can't wait to see you there!!
- shoot me an email:
Hey Chanatip! It's great to hear from you! I hope that all is well with you—are you in the US?
I hate it when my characters start playing nicey-nice. Who wants that? Writing nice sucks. I want angst and conflict.
Sure.. Where?
There r sum that r in my life for a season,sum 4 a reason,sum4a lifetime.I appreciate ALL,but remember those here when I need them the MOST!
New England Ancestors through Upstate New York out to upper Mid-west. www.unyg.com
lmao damn it is what it is
This is the worst manicure I've ever had. 😠 It didn't even last ONE day!
Fresh off work ready to get into somethin
Congrats to & for yr silver at #museawards!
I saw a Helicopter crash today. Hope everyone is alright
roger that
think tues & wed most likely but have to check! I'll tell you when I get in tomorrow
Can't remember the previous one but I like this. Trying to choose logo for new women's show myself - v tough.
Lea's VOICE FUCKIN MAKES ME SO EMOTIONAL!!! KILLED IT!! OMG!!!!!!!! <333333333
lol omg :x
Was out running & thought "I could jump in front of that car right now; that would get me out of having to go to the ballet tonight."
you definitely should! He's the nicest ever.. It will be a great show.
NEVER on a Saturday. But hold on, I also don't have alot of hair! :)
People been blowing my phone up today too bad I didn't have my phone..
Upstairs neighbor is stomping around and playing "Crocodile Romp". The drywall on the ceiling is beginning to crumble. I tweeted about this.
Nottingham: 67% Off at The Tribe from Groupon MyCityDeal
Disappointed nobody made a "packet sniffing" joke on the internet of polythene tubes delivering food on #twit - :-)
We are
By is time going by SO slow 🕘
aw thanks
Designing some 1st Birthday invitations....boy they are turning out swell!
WHY AREN'T YOU GUYS BEGGING FOR A REVIEW ON THE VERSTEEG SHOT?
Pfffff Its a wrap!!!!!
ah!! I wish I couldve seen!
A day late on this but thanks for the
RT if you have a dog
We'll have news on this in the next few months. For now, if you are interested send an email to
Thanks!! We enjoyed speaking with you about "choices". BE CHOOSEY!!
he's not on here...he will not be amused. Off to track one down.
got my septum pierced silly :-)
we should all crash 's vacation
Iant gone let no Nigga sale me dreams cause don't nobody got bail for me
Soo mad right now?!?! Anyways! I have a dentist app. Tomarrow..:/ scared might have to get braces!! Then people will call me brace face -_-
. e-mails with the subject "Marriage" first line: "Today, I was asked a direct question and gave a direct answer"
you are awesome
RT You want to know why these guys from Pittsburgh are winning? They work hard, and they work the right way.
I Am New Mexico Film......check out the clip.
English food is no longer as bad as it used to be! Especially in London it is rather good!!
No prob. I am too. Enjoy your day.
Definitely want to try the fine liner brush! features high-tech brushes and makeup tutorials- make you the expert
Incredulous that is showing three of its one-off cinephile titles (Maddin vs Ruiz vs Film That Got Away) at the same time 6/25
We're gonna feast in t-minus 15 mins.
I love you Justin RT OR FOLLOW XOXO<3
me (izzy):"go on teamweeklychris" shelby:"did u change the pass?" me"no" her:"Oh i slept weekly wrong!" me:"howd u spell it? her:"weely"
look in a mirror?
It's your chance for some great
lol you a fool
Aspirin makes the room feel like it's inside the body. #drugsthataren't
Awhh haha good to hear from youu. Miss you!!
i need to tell you something!
The Blastoff Network is a recently created website that incorporates all of your favorite things on the internet on one convenient page.
Finally got the ticket!!! Cant wait to c u!!
Remember to set your NFL fantasy football teams, there is a game in an hour.
Thxs, great to hear. Do they have ATMs? Or refund ATM fees from other banks? I'll def check it out.
awww how nice, but I'd take the ticket any day!
It's quite fantastic. Though I love making plans with friends & family for post-workouts!
LGA to DTW. maybe the best kind of vacation is the kind where you're ready to go home when it's over.
In LA, On the Hammock! Its Jolly Rancher Time!
who will move on to next week of the playoffs today??
it was in my pocket on the drive over, and when i got to my table it wasnt in my pocket. and its not in my stomach
you're damn right that's why.
#IDontUnderstandWhy girls with leggings complain about guys...I mean you wore it (shrugs)
Its 5am and just finished coding #APP #training #course you asked about. Can we #Skype or remote desktop to #test so we can deploy?
I finally watched #jumpingthebroom. Made me think of my boo and Thai takeout!
I was going to say "turning off my phone for the night" because I'm mad but I will probably still tweet like crazy!
RT : If ur coming to #Indians game tonight dress warm. It's cold down here.
True that! RT : #devlearn Safety issues, cost, risk, infrequency can make real practice impractical - instead use simulation
All right All right All right...if we get 100 followers by the end of next week...FREE T-SHIRT GIVEAWAY TIME!!!!
dude dm/txt ur email! I'll shoot u the song!
Love painting with the sounds of a storm in the background.
Some bird just shat on me as I was walking back from Quix. Frankly, it's a miracle it doesn't happen more often.
Let me know how she is!
Fuck we have to take a three .!!!
#Str8LykeDes... Just tryna find the right path....
El que busca lo que no debe,Encuentra lo que no quiere.
Meeting tomorrow to discuss venue options for the next
I've added another event to my race schedule as a result. With a little help from Mr. Burgess I will be adding Ceraland to my 2011 schedule
I see. With Tony Parker, Sr. in the mix & the release stating Europe first, more likely a feeder league for Europe than NBA
She got the eyes that make these cloudy days💨 turn into sunshine ☀
Ikr, seriously get a life
It's a shame I can't get #Sendik's Chuck Bronson sausages 6 at a time anymore. They make me buy a 12# batch. Hope they freeze well.
Happy Birthday Michelle OBAMA! You are an example of what is possible in this great Country of OURS! You are number 1!
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWER>>>>
Want an #EABF tee or pint glass and not get one? We'll have them for sale from 5:30-8pm tonight. $18 tees/$2 glasses!
Going to a cajun place for lunch & then working at the ballpark that night, but I love working there so
I still have thee biggest crush on #ThomasJones!!!!!! Yummy!!!
Morning Rockstars! > A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
Im not in the mood to cook haha why do you wanna make something?
Portal down again. Issue has been identified, but portal will not be up again until 6 am GMT-6.
when you cum to Tokyo, I am going to make you fuck my pussy and face so hard
If you feel like a Scramble, check the chalkboard for our special!
Couldn't convince Sturdivant to dropped a 'help me help you' to tie the entire piece together?
wait so its a yes?
Thanks to everyone who is sharing their excitement about NCORE! Only 17 more days! Remeber to use #NCORE2012 when tweeting about it.
Who do you love?
I'm really happy #netflix put a bunch of #Marvel animated movies on instant streaming. Hopefully, #DC follows. Yep, I'm a geek.
foundations want impact: keep circling about policymaking and journalism. re Islam: do either reach the public or highest government levels?
Just a blind guess - make sure that you are selecting the reference type first before you make changes.Support can help more.
Thanks for the follow .
Had fun at the Entrepreneur Magazine conference today. It was great to meet you !
i want to marry you
Carol Bove - Spirit animal, East Coast edition
RT : #lifewaseasybefore I was born, but I'm here now so I may as well sweat a little.
guess i'll get started on this huge paper i have due tomorrow :'(
I was in the upper deck area. My fiance bought tickets for me while I was out camping and got the best ones she could.
I'm coloring my daughter's shoes with a pink marker. That's not nearly as weird as touching up my roots with a brown one, right?
Obviously it is frivolous to say what will happen or not happen in Dec/2012. To do so as of questionable reading of Maya brick/ tablet....
Ms Parker Ms Parker! When u gonna let a nigga..........
Yep working on the cd now its kinda a slow process and we are trying to get things together to start a tour soon
Lin is the Knicks PG! He threw down 38 on the Lakers tonight! Then credited his teammates and God post-game!
Nothing can sabotage winning, except for fear of losing. Success usually lies just beyond failure.
diggin the what a voice and what an incredible blend of instruments
I'm waiting for to create an "Is NASDAQ Down?" microsite.
Frank Sinatra....period
I wana stay home and watch music videos.
School sponsored with support of our district. We had 20 and just received 65 more. How about you? I'd love to share ideas.
No ones messing with my sock/slipper game today, call me the young RGIII
i thought that was Bo Jackson?
Not in that order
Ditto! RT Just want to congratulate , , et al., for putting together the amazing Student View exhibition at Tech!
Hate cry babies
ha ok I'll do it right now
well I'll hit U up then :))
I HOPE U NOTICE ME I BEEN WAITING 3 YEARS! #BELIEVE TOUR SOON!!!!! #YYEEE plz follow me
Willisc4 RT : cool bro shoot me ya email so i can lock you in my contacts
The person who surges w/ enthusiasm, though excessive, is superior to 1 w/ no passion. Better to calm a geyser than raise up a mudhole
Dance 4 U By Beyonce Iz By FAR Her BEST Song Since Cater 2 U Wit DestinyChild.
A lot of lounges..tons of birthdays to celebrate
Banquet day!
heyy tmoneyy(: what's your favorite thing to do besides dance? And follow me??
Any Help Desk / Desktop Support projects sitting in purgatory? I have a team of three hot off a project ready to assist. BR $18/hr!
Get back on track today!!!
haha read that tweet and laughed really hard
HELL YEH SOON
Was having a bad day until you hugged me <3
great job drumline! I'm following your scores on the wgi app! Goodluck tonight!!!!
walmart... again lmfao
Guest speaker in class basically recruiting students to be future lobbyists.
No biggie!! We'll catch up.
always 10 and 2! Unless I'm bumping Wu.
Done, thanks RT : change your twitter name, your reign of terror is soon to end.
my phone didn't tell me i had any tweets from you!
Despite being on the wrong red & white team, still hard to cheer against Russell Wilson #GoBadgers ?
I miss when would say #goodnightangels :((
OGHS Women notch first victory!
Crowds flock to Chepstow's Christmas lights switch-on - Free Press Series AboutMyArea Crowds flock to Chepstow 's Christmas lights switch
let me guess, with all this rain, you guys are without power again??? Hopefully not
OMG, they just announced they are doing another season of Real Housewives of Miami. WHY? That season sucked.
me siento mal pero life goes on
Not that this girl is walkin round school with a whole jug of fruit punch . Lmao wtf..
no problemo :) I won't be able to make it, but I'm sure it'll be a blast!
New apple TV!!
Off to Monticello tomorrow for the launch of a new book by their gardener, expect over 200ppl. It should be a great event.
Seeing the Hunger Games for the second time this weekend.
Watching #RHOC glad I just went to the dentist. About to set myself on fire. Someone's gonna need the records.
no problem man, take care & good luck!
A person on a mission can't be defeated by laziness, stupidity, or hate... cause his fuel is his passion. Go hard and love harder
Had an absolutely lovely time with & Thanks for the food and conversation, all!
yeah, I am protesting the charges. It has just gotten worse. sigh. I work above and beyond to. But it is my choice. thanks!
I know it's a cheap cash-in that's capitalizing on nostalgia, but, damn, Freddy Krueger's going to be a playable character in Mortal Kombat.
Hello everybody!!!!
first thing the #NBA should do is make Ron Artest take that stupid name off his jersey
Sorry...been in trial all week. Will get the team to check on this. Have a great weekend.
word. See you there.
Watching Grammys red carpet
Today only she can get a mulligan ;-)
I think it was a long bad day for everyone.
Hey, I want you to know we have your back. No one can just do that to you without punishment. Hope you're ok(: Tweet? Love u
I want to see more...a lot more...
I saw ghost! The effects were awesome !!
Thank you! You the best! “: I'm so excited, I'll b watching...... #ufc #mma #sinful”
haha :) you are one of those cool chicks!
It follows from the logic of some of their arguments, but no specific cases.
I hope I slept with someone to get this job. Because if I didn't, then who the hell WAS that guy?
I f*cking HATE the tomahawk chop chant at Turner field/ Fulton County Stadium. Bad memories
happy birthday man im going to go to drive down harry yell at people walking and ge
There's no place like home!
Your a Jerk. I still love that song(:
It's banana slices mixed with frozen yogurt & choc syrup.
Super stoked to be playing with our friends at The Avalon March 22nd. Come hang!
My stomach and chest is hurting real bad, financial attempt to clean my room then take a nap.
ASDFGHJKL. just DMd me his number. DEAD. (:
we will be in LA April 9th -13th recording at Red Bull studios! Let's meet up
#flyers pulled out a big win last night against the #Pens. Both teams more physical than
May I just say..."The Lord is blessing me right now" #ohhhhhhRightNow #PFAswag :)
Bae said he gone sing to me for my birthday tomorrow...lmao, I can't wait for this<3
Drinking a mountain dew basking in the glory that I have yet another job that wants me. why can't men be so readily available?
My #Packers are 9-0 and I couldn’t be happier! Seeing do his magic in person last night beats my old black and white TV.
Community fighting at schoolboard mtg upset about black schools closing, but the board just voted to keep them open.
that would be great. I will see you there.
Started the day off the bat with 2 zyrtek and was doing great...until I just went outside. Can't stop sneezing! :-(
If Im Just A Friend If Im Just A Friend Then Why Do I Know How Your Lips Feel Like ? -Jasmine V I love this song. (:
Everyone needs a mental break now and then. Congrats on taking one and hope it is absolutely enjoyable!
RT : #locksmiths What is average time to fit rim night latch, upgrade a BS sash lock please. Appx cost too please.
Few things get me wetter than exhibition college football in April
CEO Nicole DeBoom on keys for leaders: Listening. Listening develops trust and trust is at the core of a good team.
hi. it's my birthday(: a birthday tweet from you would make my day!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Dollhouse Cocktail Lounge last night and supported our model search!
Who are some of your favorite local female acts? Let us know!
Today's Special - Cowboy Burger - Cheddar, bacon, housemade Tandem Dubbel BBQ and housemade onion rings. M.... saddle up. ;)
Just bck from #ClevIntFilmFest & post rap session w/ 2 friends. Wanted to stay for final round of films & break party bt Sun anxiety set in.
I Guess I'm a Criminal.
Dear Nike, thanks for following me!
miss you too even though i'm mad at you.......
she just seems like a dead-ish person. :*
Ha Ha next tiime a youth/womens sized jersey. Good OT finish so there will be more games
The team is looking forward to the community literacy forum tonight!
#TeamLocas forever love!!!
Thanks for the the Game of Thrones tip!
ok lol......we need to show these young cats how to do it lol
Any pray requests??
Pho after practice could be the greatest idea ever imagined...in the history of this world.
Kicking off a week long river restoration course with Matt Kondolf and a lot of Portuguese people...
Just discovered What a great thing! Now I'm really dreaming about summer vacations!
Hey i know that mother fucker I used to team battle with him!!!:) ": Hey , essentials or what?"
Awww you're welcome Darlin. It's cause you're so delicious!
Mexicans neva stop with the cookouts :D
Pick your favorite please Jo Joah Jeau Jeaux Im trying to pick a username for my music page Joe is not an option i have already tried it
Had fun at my first event tonight!
"This Boy" John wrote this & it is simple but very clever. It has only a few notes but the space between the notes is filled by arrangemen
": This boy just fell off his bike :(" - I jst saw that sht
mitch is telling my fave story
oh my oh my... that sucks. Glad you got your stuff back!
I know how you feel . c:
What a day... When one story breaks it seems like it just starts a trickle affect.
what position do you play???
NFL Draft Results 2012: Why the Chicago Bears Had the Best Draft
Chessboxin': still a mystery.
Hello, Dulles. It's been so long that I'd forgotten our night together until I was inside you again. Here's hoping I'm not here too long...
on a scale of 1 to ' on St Pats Day', how excited are you about Manning?
. any chance you have an iCal or Google Calendar of your upcoming workshops and webinars. If so, perhaps a good idea? I'd subscribe.
proposing at games. Dumb dumb dumb!
Hurry up for your big #win with us! A chance to get some #cashforcarspdx. We offer top
oh no no no it's not bein saved I'm upset wit u!!!!!!
typical theories
yo fun rad blogger GIRLS in NYC, San Fran, Austin, Boston, LA and elsewhere...DM me ur deets/blogs. i have a SUPERCOOL opportunity for you.
ack...thanks for letting me know...I'll try again! :D
FUCK YA Cape Surf Core Board Shop!
Rainy, cloudy #FridayThe13th... At least we're here to brighten your day with #tacos!
I'm not weird.
Having a drink in the Hilton bar. Come join me if you're wandering around, I'm all about meeting new folks.
I refuse.
Is there a different chat room we should be in for #odhd? IRC and the TinyChat are pretty quiet /cc
There is a lot going on in news this week. Presidential primary, dancing with Donald and 12 news, then opening day!
thanks for the words! Good luck this season
I think his birthdays today...
RT : (Stylin') women who rule: -->THANKS for the shout-out! :-)
they're adorable!
He's 4 and brilliant, but when he doesn't get something right the first time, oy dios mio! Like puzzles, or packing cards or toys in boxes.
Bye every1:) see u tomorrow!
This tornado is a punk bitch
we just launched a solar event (0 energy home) in Cabezon... but its the same development. Zero Energy is great way to go.
#Moore, Bloodsucking Fiends, a love story. 1st of 3 comedic vampires in SF novels, quite possibly the silly best. Turkey bowling, anyone?
Verlander's arm hair has arm hair.
If you don't want your dirty ways exposed stop doing dirt. Simple as that
45 minutes on elliptical -.-
I think I want bangs, what ya'll think???
Thrilled to hear MoMA has wisely acquired work by superb artist 96 year old Elizabeth Catlett.
Cooking pancakes and eggs and headed to itunes for
just had the best omelette ever! airlines served it to me. Thinking about taking a trip tomorrow just to have another one!
All I want in this city is a flying burrito brothers cover band.
Gigantes looking good
#WordsIveHeardBefore " I'm Sorry, I will never do it again"
I'm doing a week #rawfast, almost done with day 1. You are my
Can't get the taste of Budweiser out of my mouth. #notthebest Lara, get someone to fix that.
#everygirlisbeautifulandspecial the end.
Your proposal presentations can make the difference. Showcasing that you can present a great message is half the battle.
Artemisia is prepping to begin our research study in about a week. We might be calling you...
if thats the only thing she wants. Maybe next year she'll expand her wish list :)
it will be dry in MSP until 6pm then a 40% for rain then 60% & 80% by 8pm-the tstorms approach from the southwest.
it's just another Saucy Sunday.
Future parachute
- pretty sure i can quote the entire movie verbatim. Its my gift and my curse. Oddly never seen Beerfest.
awe thank you,dude :') ": welcome, wish you guys the best. :)"
love your nails they are so cute :)
I am always addicted to sex in April and may..... and not just any sex. Im talkin fucked up abusive walk of shame bruises kinda sex.
What court are you ball hawking at today? I'll be walking around the Open during the Day session.
People who cant mind there business have no life to me!
Sometimes you gotta keep on keeping on -joe dirt.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength. ~Henry Beecher
The worst day of the week is over!
Please note: before you choose to piss me off, I suffer from mental illness so could easily kill you and plead insanity
A #BFElvisFactoid - today in 1976 in #Memphis, #BruceSpringsteen jumped a fence at #Graceland in an attempt to see his idol,
Melodies and my studio>>
Worldwide Trend #crazygirloncourt at the Nuggets game!
I am! RT : Who's going to #smbme this Friday?
: BENNY & THE JETS! + shots +7pm start time =
New music coming very soon...
Baby BooklynBuck has had two naps during the duration of this Tribe game.
god damn, Trespassing is the best album ever.
Amber was a sensuous lover, and she's rumored to have later become a stripper. I've always picked 'em right!
Radio Show Rundown for April 14thMike Avery39s Outdoor Blog - avery outdoors
Sounds like an intervention.
Genius always finds itself a century too early
love you!!! Thx so much for your support of PHAME! Werque, Haus of Visage.
These guys are good. #Packers!
Things I can't wait for this summer; golf, whiffleball, the beach, the Gus, road trips, sports, gambling
we thank you as well for the mention, jazz up this month and every month
Skye:Royal, this is the first time i've ever seen you read. Royal:I have to read. Skye:Why? Royal:Because I have no sex life. I DIED!
Unclear at this point what involvement, if any, Andersen had in this case and whether he will be charged.
only "know" him via Twitter. not in person.
Cafe de la Presse, the corner French place we saw? Or First Crush by hotel.
Keep your hopes up high, and your head down low.
Sometimes you need to stop waiting for someone else. The "YES" you get is from yourself.
RT : I call my mouth my sasshole.
Working on some linkbuilding for
And sign it in blood?
#AskDylanBarker who do you think is thee prettiest girl celebrity under 21 years old? :)
Jonas Kaufmann was AMAZING last night in Adriana Lecrouver. So proud of Tom being part of such a prestigious cast!
RFT doing his thing. ": video making in miami"
I have to start getting ready, and my brother just got in the shower. -.- #getout!
All smiles over here :)
Damn it's been too long...I don't recognize any of the faces on my time line..
Hahahaha I have green eyes.... :) LOL.
They look glorious. I've watched the Alien blu 3 times since owning it. I wouldn't bother with part 4 unless you are very curious
Hatting, surprise Ustreams, random videos taken with terrible cameras. Less people, easier to get noticed<\3
Thanks Dee!
That's semi-absolutely true for almost most of us. Why you hatin'?
#ThingsIHate when parents says NO to something and their reason is because they said so -_-
Do you need to tell us something?
Only one recorded death in the US in 40 years from a Coral Snake bite
I was solid in my plans to go lite but who can resist Mac and cheese special of the day!! No one.
In Tucson until Thursday morning. Wondering if theres a Tucson CFUG meeting any time soon? ?
Typing this from my iPad 2. Yay birthday present from my darling husband.
HAPPY VALINTINES DAY AUSTIN!! WE LOVE YOU!! ♥
why did that terrible blonde "country" singer make it through on the voice?
Oh no! I hope everything is ok.
Look for patchy freezing drizzle to form this afternoon. Not a lot or precip, but will lead to slick spots. Slow down! /via
I have to make changes in my life, i'm sleepy all the fucking time.
I wanna go to Arundel Mills Mall!!
LOL. [Waving back!] Yep, I'm going tomorrow. See you there. We'll set up lunch :)
Thanks you Gina!
Hating that it's 101 degrees outside at my house! Lots of inside activities planned today.
It feels good to be a big part in a child's life
Thanks for the follow Melissa! Be sure to check our iPad app (on sale today for $6 off!) :)
classy that!
So I just found out my best friend likes me who's a girl, her brother likes me and my ex loves me o.O got all this news at once!!
HARBOR only 5 shows left The Victory Theater in Burbank 818-841-5421 with #TheDescendants star #Lillardmatthew One of the BEST plays in LA!
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. ~ Seneca
Hi, not going to Kenosha today, too windy. So sorry if you were looking for me!
Are you following the team?
What's on your #ohnono list?
We have to radically rethink the way we're delivering education, says Norman Atkins,
I'm vacuuming doll carriages and crossing all my fingers and toes that all the spiders are out to lunch.
I'd be glad to help!
Bored doing nothing right about now! Where are all of my celebrities out here with all of the new albums out! Keep me posted:)
good thing I have 4 years before I need a job.
you are so welcome! We can't wait to come back!
I think you're only allowed to assign Lady Chatterly's Lover. None other.
lol yeah, yeah
#Bourekas for sale at the #OVSBazaar on Sunday, December 11th are first come, first serve (no advance orders)!
's new music video is breaking records with over 5 Million views in less than 24 hrs!
Random pain in my chin.
yhur lucky to be Able to be part of life bc he is truly an awesome person!!!
christmas is in the air at the office - smells so good!
COME BACK TO PHILLY
Elway agreeing to come play in Wildcat packages with Peyton.
that is so true :)
Favorite preschooler book of the week: Ten Wriggly, Wiggly Caterpillars. Tactile, colorful, counting, rhyming fun--great gift for toddlers!
announced a vinyl due out early 2012!
What do you call a man with only half a brain? Gifted.
Is it just me or has Terrence Jones just been full of awesome lately?
its time 2 go celebrate!
Congrats, Duke!
I also am one of those guys that say music was better back then. Just ask my son when we do the Phish & Grateful Dead debate
Whoa!!!! amazing! Fingers crossed this happens!
If anyone wonders where I get my party skills...ask my dad
Tonight, Wednesday, Pilates at the Presbyterian Church hall, 6 - 7 pm.
trying to get my computer work, its slow cause its raining. it taking me forever just to send this
In Miami Fl
that wasn't my fault, I had car issues. I bought a new car a few weeks ago.
#yes She makes me feel like a strong, independent woman!!
Cut it out lol. RT : *stands on chair* but I'm a Leo and I do!!!!!! *sigh* I'm never enough for you =(
I thought your shirt was classy! But then again Andover thinks I'm classless.
That's the one! He's the best.
FYI, mustangs are best for ladies to ride, unless they are heavyset ladies, in which case the horse will simply refuse to move.
Should I start using this account again?
Thank u buddy!
Saw Da Brat on the June Ambrose show all thugged out, but she didn't forget her #makeup. Humph, even Brat knows there's power in makeup. ;)
Dear Friday: I love you.
I'M SO CONFUSED. WHAT ARE WE BERTING ABOUT?! CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME?
Fat shorts, mcdonalds and my couch for 10 hours = perfection
I'm pretty sure we won that debate ((:
OK Im Gonna write The Best AKWARD MOMENTS.!
I can't. The rare instant celebrity death news makes up for enduring daily texts of tragedy and mayhem.
Anytime Greg!
What it do? U k know me, i been in the lab. How u been?
Yea! I'm east coaster so makes sense. That's also y Pasadena usually faked as eastcoast locals like cityhall in
Sorry... Couldn't get Eddie Vedder to perform the Star Spangled Banner on Opening Day....
- We want to see you do work on Cleveland for the next Operation Orange game this Friday.
RT f you put a glass dome with a 50 mi diameter on Houston, there would be few global humanspheres unrepresented.
I don't know who you are lol
ANOTHER UMPIRE ERRor
good morning twitter (: on to 1st period(: .......can't wait until this damn day over.
Last performance of The Scottsboro Boys. Wow.
My pleasure, Vince!
plz follow me....
Ok whew. I thought it might get *really* dusty in here. That one I can handle. The dog one? Not so much.
Excellent service Saturday night.
sorry I get a ton if email what's the question?
I love to it big.
duh that's my job
Let's go Rondo tied at half-time
guess I was forgotten again... No more of me for you Nicholas....
Shouldn't I realize...you're the highest of the high?
I love downtown. So many in-the-cut, lowkey, spots to chill at.
earthquakes in Bali Oregon Puerto Rico and Alaska in the last 2 hours.
Such a gorgeous day! Waking up next to my boy & had an amazing run! Summertime loving
Hi, hi! *waves* Life has just been hectic...but I'm "resurfacing" & I'll shoot you a text today! Oh, & Happy New Year!
Thanks! RT Happy
just went skateboarding with all day.
Brewers going to be going into game six on a high note
I just cleaned out my phone's custom dictionary but I am keeping "brochacho"!
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there and to my mom! She is the greatest!
What Internet technologies also provide professional development for teachers? A principal friend needs some recommendations 4 his teachers
That's charming. I want to put my hands on this cute pad baby. #newiPad. Should I create something to it?
Layed up with my love about to cuddle & call it a night , feels good waking up to that someone every morning .
RT On Conference call...just accepted the Big East invitation!
55 minutes to the world premiere of our film at the New York International Film Festival. So excited!!
Poker Quote of the day: I used to be a heavy gambler. But now I just make mental bets. That’s how I lost my mind.
toss me a shout out!
Love the way you are. You are flawless! AND WE REALLY LOVE YOU.
i know you read my text message.
Speaking of nice guys, am I seeing you tonight??
well im not so impressed.. hope my boys LMFAO shut it down..
Rt if your mouth says "shit" automatically when something bad happens.
It will take some time, but I certainly will.
The new roommate better be ready for me and rachael
have a safe trip home. PS. You are more than ready!
Bieber In My Heart:))
I am. Wish I was in NYC to check out the exhibit.
Active Child or Starkillers? Or bed? Dear god
If you are looking for #payroll services...... can help you there too? Ask us how???
State GOP Convention on NOW. PRAY for the USA, Preservation of our Constitution & Ron Paul for President. YES he STILL CAN WIN. ~thurane
A broken clock only works twice a day ~
Session not a good 3pt shooter, so that's kinda the whole plan by Karl, but still, it's really noticeable. See Kobe bringing it up now?
Studio, open windows, loud music, and my painting flip-flops....on we go.
Just heard that the show #House is in its last season. It's been a good run!
Panic! At The Disco on the radio, they're doing a good job.
you gotta tag me for it sho! sho nuff. I'm about to get my hair cut in my crib. what's happening in your area?
RT : I'm talking about Inbox Zero this Thursday - learn how to make your inbox scream uncle =>...
Drooling over new arrivals…
Watching Oliver do tree pose. Yum.
so band practice just got stopped by da POOOOOOOOOOOliceeeeeeeeeee
my nephew is soo sweet!
Good times! How is your evening?
's new profile picture makes me sad.
I've gotten into the twitter-verse and clearly need to be in bed
Officially cleared!!!
just remeberd we were talking about swinging baby fetus's by the legs into poles
hm, just work and school. trying to move on but also keeping track of comic con hehe
You should take some lessons!
Hardest part about new job in new part of town? I have to get a new barista. ;-( trying #bellacaffe we will see.
SHOUT OUT TO MY BOO BOO MVP !!
Wahh :( my break is over
...and w/in the guide pages it is difficult to get an outline of the guide or current section, you can only go back to 'home'
My life just crumbled. He probably saw it and just moved on hahaha XD
#SoYoureallyThink I'm listening.
how do people help/contribute?
hhheeyyy! who wants to talk?! :)
is SOLD OUT tonight!!! Reserve your tickets for Jinx NOW for Friday and Saturday before they GO!!!
oops! wrong tag for Lance! apparently we're not twitter official friends
#MustFollow Thanks for the RT's and mentions!!
george clooney is so sexy! shot
Final things before I get on a plane home tonight: Boston Public Library & Pizzeria Regina. :D
Unfortunately Monta Ellis is trending into Salmons/Maggette productivity land, hopefully that gets turned around quickly.
I hate you.! u left me all alone in class this shits fucking boring without u.!>:o
Borrow money from a pessimist, they don’t expect it back :)
NYC Printing 123 is making improvements on the website!!! Follow up for more updates & specials
#3wordsforyou Create your fate.
u looking for new artist an where can i send some tracks to
Whats up from Houston! Thanks for sponsoring great music!
Think she's saying that identification draws att'n to/magnifies difference, not ingores. But wasn't that Burke's line already?
I need Followers, Business minded Women that is about it
It's 3:05am. I need to go to bed but I can't get stop browsing
Lol “ ANAL SEX N BRAZILIANS WORST THAN CHILD BIRTH”
Tigers coming through, backs against the wall they find a way to save the scorecard. Cudos!
What about you?
I think your terrific and I wish others could be the breath of fresh air that you are
Alfredo "Freddie" Macadabre. You just made my night by showing up at my house at 11PM with a burnt penis.
The Make it in America music video is cute! And mosquitoes are biting me! >.>
Thanks for the follow!
RT : I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics go to meetings. I'm a drunk, we go to parties
I wish girl's didn't have to have moods swings
If this image makes it on the internet, I'd love a copy/ link.
click the tweet i replied to! ahahah
i just dont buy all this "the game is sacred" mess. Its HUGE but only in the historical context of big dudes smashing faces
just got tickets to c , anyone else going to zanies on the 29th? lets have a big fam dinner across the street at mcds b4!
thats a trade secret =)
#BSBlovesyou and I love you too!
Gr8 recipes! Just made the Roast Chicken with Honey-Vinegar Rub!!! WZho would have thought to use vinegar? Delicious!
Fito Reinoso at the Cigar Bar San Francisco tonight Sat, October 16
Mountain Dew! It's how I start my mornings :)
Ever notice how girls with no ass switch they hips way to hard!
The Sixers are still the Sixers. Beating a severely depleted Bulls team didn't change that.
Omg I have a necklace that has a pig head and a pig but I love it!!!;)
me and my brother were messing around with the mic and I wanted u to hear it. It's pretty funny
Workin tonight! Singin' and swinging' with big D till LATE!
Kevin Nash is trending...makes me wish we ordered SummerSlam lol.
I know zero of those people
#6WordSciFiStory - I'm... I'm... still... still... malfunctioning... malfunctioning.
I can only imagine what Cleveland police and EMS will encounter tonite when drunks leave the bars and hit the streets. Keep em safe God.
When the Islanders play, (Hockey, that is) Do they try to Lin or just concede in the locker room before the game?
Where do you train in the offseason?
I don't follow.. I made chicken.
MarketMeSuite is a great social media tool!
when are you gonna rock the charts and release "Oh My!" ?
Finally heading to bed. And I wake up in like, 3 & a half hours. Oh well, goodnight!
Haven't eaten salt in 24hrs. Going through salt withdrawal. We is want salty snacks!!! No we canst have it wes cannot. *gollum gollum*
ok do it
We in #Liv right now gettin it in!
Vin Scully is coming back! Nice to see some things stay the same.
hahaha thats why i love you :)
Thanks for the follow Kathleen!
Much better off holding an auction for 3rd pick if RGIII falls there.
long overdue!
Mornin'! We r introducing our next co-anchor Robert Maxwell. Chris Willis is moving off the desk to head the investigation team
Any #Slpeeps working in Chicago? Pref school setting?
I care at times. Why follow someone if they stopped tweeting. When I can unfollow & use my follow for someone else.
I dnt like to think to much cuz I start thinking about bullshit n I get mad.......
ok just let me know. I'll be at universal during the day Sunday
If u love me.. this how u let me know.. don't ever let me go.. that's how u let me know baby!!
Listing appoint at 10.
Radiate Love like Miley. Stay Strong like Demi. Dream Out Loud like Selena. Be fearless like Taylor and Never Say Never like Justin. ♥
Orgs, funders, board members, etc all push for the status quo. Someone needs to step up to advocate for change within institutions.
2 days in, sleeping schedule already messed up
#tired. Feel like I got hit by a truck.
So lost. So confused. So..... #heartbroken :'(
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Your welcome !
you should never come to Florida then!
Great show for sure! We will do it again.
is great right now. is a genius.
Less than one week now until our trip to Washington for the annual March for Life!
The 2nd coming of Christ will be quick; I Mean it's been 2000 years since the last time he came
I have yet to receive a message from you best friend!
Chef Special: Blackened Scallops with tomato, basil, and mozzarella salad.$21.95
LOL guys Ian put a picture of on Facebook of my Twitter & said I was weird as fuck.
TODO Austin #SXSW tip: Skip the madness, park east of I35!!
my mom overreacting about this whole prom thing <<<<<
Good morning :) getting ready going out with my boyfriend! Yay
Want to lower heart disease risk? Eat more beans! 4 times a week according to research.
These dances on dancing with the stars look amazing!
agrees to buy for $12.5 billion. Wow! Expect them to move into hardware, including mobile. Things just got interesting...
interviewing tomorrow for a help desk job. wish meh luck.
Young the Giant, dudes!
these girls that go and beg people for money for doing nothing, piss me off.... GET A FUCKIN JOB!!! You want something, buy it yourself.
thanks guys! Playin in Nashville tonight at 9pm!
That awkward moment when ur at da store buying a bra and the cashier is a dude...
Hit by a pitch on the left wrist and back of hand in the 13th.
My mother just wished me a happy birthday in the Facebook comments to a Nate Dogg video.
Make sure to grab tomorrow's City Paper. I hear they've got a hot new cub reporter on the cover.
Jimmy Palmiotti, Justin Gray tackle 'Phantom Lady': DC Comics unveils its latest miniseries with an update of the classic heroine.
great call! I will have to dig that one out of the library!
I've been hacked. I changed my password.No idea who's doing it.
The new Beach House song, "Myth" is AMAZING!!! Can't wait to see them in concert at Jacksonville Beach. :)
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. – Napoleon Hill
"We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope." -Martin Luther King
. now discussing LMNL, an experimental markup language with different affordances from XML. Particularly handling overlap
Big Sur, come back.
A Top Texas Chef Cookout PRIME! benefit supporting New Horizons, will be held on Wednesday, April 25, 2012
Thanks to all who came out this past Friday night for John Carpenter's the Thing! Biggest show in some time!
In horrible pain hate life
can I get a shout out please
oh ok
If you got haters, your doing something right.
shout out to you for shouting out for us!
Philly? You at Relays?
I am done using #Java as #Oracle and #Google seem to be ruining it as an open source programming language and potential future for
What she meaaaann?????
fakers playing better
Wait..... Who does Jackie play?!? lol, I'm like the only one who probably doesn't know :/
A fade is much needed this week
Hi Aiden, Thanks for the re-follow. Have a good day.
Full of gas compounded from barley hardtack. Breakwind blasts every sencond.
How's our video coming?
You can't be fierce to the violin solo from schindler's list. You just can't.
Palau, more than once: "Yes, give Jesus Christ a hand. He deserves it!"
sounds great. We'll definitely head that way. Hoping to get down time this summer.
Little-known fact. I have a Lakers Van Exel jersey in a drawer. I really cannot remember why, although I know I chose it.
I'd like to request "Young Homie" by Chris Rene - Pls play it :)
Look people in the eyes, speak with confidence, be polite to all (especially to strangers), & tip well.
happy beautiful birthday honey wish for u a very good day !
RT : Give yourself permission to succeed - JUST AS YOU ARE. You don't have to be perfect, you already deserve Success!
right back at ya! RT Here's to 2012!! So happy to be back with
That's all the confirmation I need that flat top isn't coming to UK.
*sigh* .... I'll just amuse myself with it neverthless
banana cinnamon makes me smile...and feel a little mischievous
Keep feedback coming on #KatyTrail crime. Thoughts on safety, response? Tweet, Facebook, Email me ().
we just got an end of the day shipment of the most SOUGHT AFTER #athleticapparel. it's some of the NEW much anticipated fall arrivals!
Just watched the #BOYFRIENDvideo uhm... I just had an orgasim from looking at the tv LOL but anyways LOL is out tommarow!
we're volunteering up north, lol, and staying off campus so we have to get over to camp before breakfast is over!
it's a pill but you're right about everything else ;) stay tuned for a chance to win a free sample!
I wish....those things were legit.
Thx for the RT Greg! Have an awesome weekend!
God lord, I've never realized how much I love japanese food.
on my way home with paint 4 Pipers room. Who wants to do some painting?
On Jay phone n shit . I gave Ms price my phone
Be sure to listen to 99.9 KISS FM in the morning and play the contest! Winners get a prize pack + VIP tour from
I think we successfully answered every question today except for "Where are my daughter's school shoes?"
Enjoy! RT : Much needed day off in rainy NYC! Time to gym it and go find some grub!
So excited for to be on the xfactor next year!!!
let's fight each other
Right now, the #Sounders are playing w/ the type of team cohesion & synchronicity all title teams understand. #itsbeautiful!
Sometimes I feel like I'm being stalked by advertisers on the interwebs.
Who the hell is Sergio Martinez...lol
I guess I will have to see but I must go see my sis first I know she miss me
I was talking with my friend today we said imagine wht maralin mansons wedding was like i think tht bitch just wanted money tho /:)
“: Good vibes bouncing off the walls (: thank you earth for being Friday. I appreciate it.”
Old people on Facebook..hahaha no.
RT : Please pray for 17-year-old Leeah Bryan, a friend who was hit by a motorcycle. She needs to awaken!
thanks so much!
when is it
Nice site! Thanks for posting my link, though all credit due to designer Hans Linberg and www.dornob.com
Seven buses worth so far! YearOfTheHawk
i hope follows me she is so beautiful and so talented :)
true might geocoders be better for that? What do you use? Geopy? I played with geonames and google event
on it
Writing novels about alternative worlds often involves archival research in this world
Bring by the Boogens if you remember I wanna check that out. I saw a fairly good indie flick the other day Dead Weight. Decent
Any colleges switching or thinking about switching from a summer orientation to a pre-classes fall orientation program?
steroids.. Are you talking about Sammy Sosa again, or did you forget about him...
nice win
haha, but you get off early a lot lol cx
great meeting you guys tonight at MoDev!
but its so much work..
Today is the 100th Anniversary of Titanic!
well good luck my love!! I know you'll do great!!
I have heard nothing from Google yet. I am sure it might be a while.
watching Kim from the RHOA at a firing range holding a gun, scares me. and not for the right reasons.
Interesting to see that responded almost instantaneously w/ an apology for the commercials. Impressive, even if automated.
Be patient even if it takes too long.
WTF! Now shes pretending to be Kenya I wat to fuck Tami up right now!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Forgot how good stories of a stranger is
just go take one socks and stuff it the trumpet.
seems a reasonable reaction at this point
I thought McGee was Gunna get called for goal tending lmfao
$350 airfare credit per room at any Sandals or Beaches property. Book now for travel in 2012.
Like. Is that the whole thing? Or a piece of it?
How many of you have a tattoo of your favorite sports team???
My family & I stayed @ a rental home in your beach community & we LOVED IT! My daughter loved it too! Her name is Olivia! :-)
Good Morning Please take a second to follow TMC Records® CEO & President
"Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow." James M. Barrie
that's the hardest thing. I have to do it a LOT and it can be insanely rewarding or exasperating
I NEVER wear makeup.
thank you Brandi!!!
Anyone have any trips planned this summer? Will you drive or fly?
#KPUHuntsman Huntsman on Dems: "That Huntsman guy, he's a Republican I think I could support. That's when I knew we were toasted"
Make each day of the week like #Friday and your life will take on new enthusiasm. ~Byron Pulsifer
Is a recount still likely? When Democrat Kathleen Falk lost race for Atty Gen in 2006 by 8859 votes, she did not ask for one.
New phone bitches:D
there goes the last fuck i gave...
Rose are perfectly beautiful. Rosie is perfect AND beautiful. #FollowFriday (via )
Happy #ecomonday! Green tip of the day: consider taking public transportation instead of driving!
I do not understand this word, "share."
Good morning luvs!!!!!
Emma Stone just dunked on Ben Stiller again!!
ok then watch the other NEW vid i sent you plz plz plz im going to send u one each day
nigga you gay.
do I know you?
Don't forget, we also have fenders in stock for the soggy days coming up!
To be fair, anyone would have done a double take upon seeing how the mayor's net worth rose by over 100 percent in four years (Rama i...
RT : Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony - Ghandi
Tomorrow night 5:30-7PM @ MICA's Decker Gallery come to reception for "Abstracts" featuring 16 alumni artists
#Anonymous We are on the verge of Nuclear war with North Korea: FACT. Someone wants to make their dead Daddy proud. Look closer.
"we've got an army." "we've got a hulk."
Maybe next time Jefferson won't fight someone before the season..
I'll be at the Chicago Roundtable [Int'l Ed. folks focusing on int'l students/scholars] meeting later today. Anyone else going?
yea man. What are you doing right now?
me too!!! Everybody b sure to vote everyday! :)
you are the freaking man
thanks for celebrating #JAM with jazz artist stamps, we appreciate you acknowledging the artists contributions
I hate the AFMC
Robert Pianta is beginning his #elnmeeting keynote.
Jersey Shore > homework right now.
When a company credits you hundreds of dollars in apologies over the years, you know they're doing quite a lot wrong. And so do they.
Hodgson won&#39;t excite the fans, claims England Supporters Club member
What was the best college graduate advice that we should share with Pedro?
Can't stop thinking about 17 Super Bowl ads being Shazamable. Does this make TV ads clickable? Immediately measurable? Its gonna be fun!
Why stop now, I can have EVERYTHING!!
Just moved the book into the Completed First Draft folder. What a good feeling!
Heading back from France. An amazing week of new discoveries. Praying everyone will be protected in the storms.
as hiphop marketing advice for fellow south african hip-hop headz,what's your mp3 email address thank u.
oh fashion designers, why do you overflow my twitter. <3
oh okay, thanks for the update. I was in the gym, and could only see the score. We need him, he need to work that out soon!
lol hell yea
thank you :)
