just hoping George Peppard's ghost wasn't involved.
if you ever want to get your kids' attention: look relaxed, talk on the phone or try to close the bathroom door...works every time :
Hey Seattle and San Francisco... see you in two months!
It is an AMAZINGLY GORGEOUS SATURDAY OUT THERE!!!! Wow!
Happy Friday!!!
ha ;) followed
So let me get this straight; you think I'm supposed to text you all day, and nobody else? #YouGotMeMessedUp !😡👎
Stop at #starbuks for some coffee before the game :P
#BackInElementarySchool when rock, paper, scissors determined every outcome
I love Austin mahone!!!!!
"Lewis and Clark" is a historical drama inspired by (and utilizing) excerpts from the journals of Merriweather Lewis and William Clark.
lol me too, it was perfect, pale, green eyes, and pink hair, how could that cat not be me?
If I Had a Gun i would visit Mexico more often
haha! They thinking PR is in the middle east. Deport you to Columbia.
CANADA!!!! #lilbigshowdown promo tour
Did you see the new Facebook feature today? Look on your business page for "Share on your own timeline".
Why don't aren't my apps integrated into one another? If tweets a link, then I want the article to open in my HuffPost app!
": Gay people don't wanna live in f*cking North Carolina anyway" Miss Fath has spoken. End of story. (Take 2).
I have just been utterly crushed, heartbroken, angry
A part of me adores Megan Draper. And then a part of me is a little nervous for what she'll do next...
That's so cool. Maybe we should try it out...?
Major damage to Beta Bridge this morning after it was hit by a U.Va. bus. End column and portion of wall leaning toward tracks below.
I was hoping they made it there safely! Thanks for sending the pic!
I AM FREAKING OUT! XD
How to Pitch a VC: 11 Insider Secrets...
Thank you!
You know I can see this, right?
I skipped the museum b/c I was with my dog, but it was SO beautiful. A perfect Sunday excursion.
At least im real.
when you define your priorities, all difficult decisions are easy"
Jermaine Paul is now frontrunner for 2012 #thevoice ...sounds like swag indeed
Aww, my little brother is doing #FountainRun today! Congrats, senior!
Grueby vase. Collector calls it "ugly". I'd take it off his hands in a heartbeat (appraised at $10-15k, says "less ugly").
You know what I miss about NJ in the summer? Easy access to a lot of beaches.
We were awarded "Best Civic Hackathon" in the 2011 awards! Thank you to everyone who made it phenomenal!
#damnfree u r lookin so damn good!
WHERE Y'ALL AT
thanks Bonnie! Loves her grandparents!
I've always liked JoJo. She's always kept it real even if real didn't sell. Feeling her new song. Great preview of what's to come.
Any one else hear the Lecrae interview? The one where he said drinking is ok? Anyone have thoughts on that radio interview?
Only teacher imma miss is mr. Crawford and maybe mrs. Stonge her noisy ass lol.
If you start to hallucinate Marie Callendar, you've gone too far.
awesome! What time? We're sending people over that are interested.
beautiful earrings on Leno , great with your hair color :)
are you okay hun? *hugs* <333
Echo! How can we develop those inter-state connections?
SAY IT WITH YA CHEST!! RT : Who else LMAO RT WHO?!? tehehehe.....RT : he knws I love him
#shitfangirlssay can I borrow your shirt? (thanks to for the tag idea)
sorry I didn't call you yesterday, I was working till 6 then had plans after work. You available tonight?
Can I replace Tamara Holder? Please? She makes us ALL LOOK BAD!
Did you see the funnel cloud yesterday? Crazy stuff!
Now signing PRODUCERS!! OVER $5000 ROYALTIES COLLECTED & DISTRIBUTED
I'm an idiot for not believing people..
Wow walked all the way to AH cuz I thought I left my book there, just to realize I didn't bring my book to class, I looked off someone else
LETS GO CAPS
I'm searching for it :-)
“: One of the things that makes her effective...”agree.
Abbotsford (Testwuide) swept Milwaukee to advance to the Western Conference Semis.
#RescueMe stars Denis Leary & Peter Tolan in DC Thursday (7/14) @ Smithsonian Museum of American History
hes the last thing i think about before i fall asleep and the first thing i think about when i wake up. <3
I'm playing tonight in Valley Stream at Sip This coffeehouse, all ages!!! 8:30pm sharp! :-)
2 month anniversary thursday :)
I dream for a living. - Steven Spielberg
Thanks for Tweet Love and
dat don't mean nun 2 me
hey sweetie! Hope all is well with you!
Will you be back in time for The Troc tomorrow?
How much #golf has #Obama played? Read it here- USSportspages.com
eh gil ehh. miss seeing yo cutesy. What it do?
now u can retweet! - I've always put my career and school on the top of my list after my family. No boy will ever stop me from being great!
baby gots back on twitter. :)
which rapper would you perform with? :^)
oj mayo aint did shit non the play offs
This should be good
From one streaming medium to another: Thanks for the follow!
was my vote (Fricke) but lost to the the overall projection
Guys take a look at the coupon down bellow, from a great dentist I know, he give free xrays, and 10% on dental treatment.
is lucky.. im writing a song 4 him! <i love 4 ever>
u know i have no clue i stay having the worst luck with shitt
where can the Madden video game team see this in or close to Orlando?
hey m8, are you a good dancer? :)
Owned up to it? He got caught & would still be doing it if he didnt. RT Tiger(yes..owned up to mistake) .
how fast is that mustang?
#DCTheatre friends? RT : Does anyone know a voice coach in the DC area?
Hoping we get 2 find out!\RT : Does Romney have the intestinal fortitude to make the tuff decisions as...
follow me on twitter :)
thank you! xo“: A very happy birthday to you! RT Haley's Heart is 5 years old today!! Happy birthday to us!!!”
Tell me I'm your national anthem<3
“: *CtFu* I'm sorry BuBu. We are all bummed. At least we still have #OnceUponAtime” lol true
Moore's schizophrenia is maddening.
Watched Goodfellas for the first time last night. Holy shit.
has been neglecting twitter. I'm back.
I can't wait 4 beach season to. I jus had a show last nite.I'm prolly not performng till aftr valentines. Aftr the mixtape
I'm off to buy plants for my back deck - FLOWERS!!
“Resist much. Obey little.” ― Walt Whitman
You know what my dad likes to put in my stocking? Pens. Stop in and grab a 30th Anniversary Pen from WAB today for someone on your list!
Thinking about this dream that I had it was as clear as ever think I'm going crazy or its telling me something?.(•_•)
Biking to bars and enjoying st paty's in Venice with rya and friends!
lol, love it! Will do.
Im just tired of being let down
checking out varvara stepanova in "Amazons of the Avant Garde" back in they day I would have been trying hit her w/ that slick talk
New state of the art Spine Center at Minimally Invasive Spine Institute campus is open and fully operational. ZeroSpinePain.com
wish I could be there!
i miss you :/
Can you imagine if you had as many friends in real life as you do on all of your social media sites!? What a giant community we build!
it's been a week? BEST WEEK EVER :D
Hahaha, just seeing this! We havin a par-tayy! But missing you along the way, SS!
happy birthday girl ! have a good one :-)
Happy Friday!
Long lazy sunday, back to work monday!
Half days make me feel accomplished:)
so a good thing for me to start today!!! LOL
#YouLookLikeTheType "/ that will have an out burst in a public surrounding ! Embarrassinq'.
Gotta study for this exam tomorrow
RT : Tweet " I'm Watching The #PaulyDProject Tonight On "
My hair is so fuckin staticky. Looks like I just got done fuckin R2D2!! xD
goldfish don't run they swim
Michael Got any uploads Let's hear this singing voice!!!
Hahahahah of course, Idk what I thought that was gonna be on
Nice I leave from here on Sunday as well. See you back there.
You wanna go to PLUTO, me and you are the same <3 Astronaut Chick
Best six words ever: I have no suggestions for revision.
Not quite to your level...RT : stalking athletes/coaches on private planes- you're a veteran sports reporter now!!
I love making up new lyrics to songs I don't know😏🎧
U kno U love this life can't nobody do U like me..eventho I never showed U what I can really do...ain't nobody outdoing me #past or present
It's just to hard to accept the fact that we can't be . . Especially because i love you , and u love me.#why people tryna keep us apart?:(
Yes, now is a very fun time to support SportingKC! Enjoying the ride while it lasts. :-)
Florida bats, anytime you'd like to wake up that'd be awesome.
Aftert getting Downey'd in South Carolina on Tue, Kentucky looking focused and hungry against Vanderbilt, 1st half UK37-23
I smell another band lawsuit coming on. RT They just played "Play that Funky Music White Boy" at Gingrich HQ. cc
what's the basketball showcase?
somehow adult work never ends. I miss writing poems and drinking carefree coffee. so yes, end of adult work, beginning of fun
I'll be there in a jiffy. Don't be picky. Just be happy with this quickie.
how you know?
We just went on a nation wide donut run. Infinite in Ohio & in NYC. 2 fat fucks.
Me too!
I'm in your closet for the past 2 hours. I have to pee.
can't let the title depend on the result at Sunderland..got to wrap it up against City!
lol yes! My wedding should have a major impact on people's klout score.
It is that time of year when you have to start thinking about gloves. Lacrasia
Voter number 126 Willow Springs Township. Wisconsinites don't forget to vote!
To0 whom it may concern I've Ben faithful to all my ex's if u herd difrnt it's all fake diz is a recording
It's been working just fine here at the meetup...
Happy May Day! Such a beautiful day to work on music for the next Yoga Album... What's your favorite yoga pose?
The Observation Deck will be closing at 5:30pm tonight (Friday) for a special event. Sorry for the inconvenience!
Swag, swag, swag on me. Chilling by the PC while I'm stalking 1D.
The Steelers had the chance to take control of the AFC and CHOKED. Enjoy the long flight home. Love it.
I miss Twilight Zone too. That and catching bits of A Xmas Story while channel surfing. But neither are worth $80/month!
... I'm too tired for this right now. I really like sync w/ my Android, but I may try switching back to Firefox tomorrow.
This is the weekend that Rosanne competes in the Mrs. Oklahoma pageant. May the judges vote for our favorite Redhead!
hahaha nope, but i'm guessing it came in??
I am doing this crazy thing called "taking a day off". I hear people do this at least twice a week. I should try that!
Congrats #Alabama! You just gotta love college sports!!
Name the incompetent political figure who said this: "Oh, to pass the days with my babes; I'm just the prime minister in my spare time."
Journalistic writing, by and large, isn't an act of creation. It is an act of regurgitation. Inverted pyramid puke. See
I'm sick of it. NO NEW IDEAS, KEEP BLAMING OBAMA, well I'm done with it. I'm voting for OBAMA!
while the bf is away the girls will play! #girlsweekend with and
Surprise visit from
I'm a life long fan, but this is getting to hard to watch... Id they don't make changes do they make the playoffs
RT : whats a good place fo me to post my new mixtape for download< mediafire
Just signed up for my partner drupalize me account. Wohoo! Great #drupal training, nice benefit Acquia!
I want a giant fuzzy monster to be my best friend!!
I was being sarcastic; that's why I used quotation marks around "news"
lack of system feedback when it comes to e-filing state tax returns is highly inappropriate ...hidden fees to-boot
T.G.I.F.! Follow some awesome #NorthCarolina locals :)
Doing the Seattle thing. Actually driving to the middle of nowhere Washington State.
OFF WORK
They should have gave majun buu his on series
Q; Would I ever twitter date? A; Depends who it is..
Awww! We love you We were not disappointed with you, but disappointed with the decision. Hate to see you go!
Dying my hair auburn with Cara. Eeeeeeep
ah ok. Then ya gotta do it! So then kick ass!
See instead of bitching about pple get another wristband for a REAL directioner,use all that hatred toward the directionaters right in line
No, i think its perfect! Mine...now thats LONG ..but i couldnt of anything else -_-
so i woke up to my mom telling me my dad is in the ER...cool. :/
Happy Monday! Get ready, I'm BACK at tomorrow night, hope to see you there.
Yeah!! Glad you like it, aren't the red shades fun?! :)
I want to do something tonight.
I thought the match of a life time was VS the English language
Glad you liked our work Corina. The haircut had to be done. I was slowly becoming a ponytail guy. *shudder*
Afghan Whigs and Brad playing NYC on the same night in 2 weeks. Cannot wait! you in town by chance?
Looking for Attorneys specializing in Predatory Lending & Foreclosure Defense - all 50 states. Please send me a message if you are interest…
bring some goggles!
Spent the day on social media consulting. Tomorrow: tap class and rehearsal. What a lovely life!
Lord, give me patience. For if you give me strength, I'm going to need bail money to go with it.
Semi turned over on it's side on Washington street near metropolis... How fast were you going?!
Lmao did i start this? Lpl RT": Aye im down to kill a nigga on his own track if he bout it? Lmao"
I'm such a fat ass.
Off to #school its #normal for me.
Bummed I can't make #ImNotAHipster tonight at the MOPA.
Started working on the veg garden this weekend. Did a bunch of weeding and started planting root veggies.
not even Jose Andres can top the #chickenbiscuit from :-)
I know some bullshit when I see it. No way the #Bengals beat #Raiders this year. I'm plannin on being there
atleast he was hot;;) ryt? RT : An indian was flirting with HAHAHA =))!!!
Ah, that felt good.
me fucking too.. did you give them you application yett??
Finally seeing #Mulan for the first time.
Oh, and suck it, Mavs.
Working on fundraising. Fighters of Justice T-Shirts for sale 15.00. No shipping fee until May 9, 2011. www.fightersofjustice.com
google Extreme Ironing :-)
Again, Noomi Rapace is the BEST Lisbeth Salander - still think she should get the nom.
Vitamin water <<
Got this vibe that tooth brushing should be a home-exclusive activity, haha.
im thinking wednesday but ima call you later today and see whats up!
I just need more patience...NOW!
Getting things configured on my new #galaxynexus It's taking some getting use to coming from an original Moto Droid.
ewe I don't like you Icon I love it <3
and think they're too mature for roommates. I beg to differ.
it can be that easy! Yes I have an adorable mutt. They call her a Czechoslovakian Shepard which I think is code 4 German shep mix.
Soo I got the Palm Pixi. I friggin love it!!
I can do phone for sure in the morning and perhaps coffee. Say 10am?
Int'l efforts expanding to honor memory of Stanford's Steve Schneider. Fall memorial events in offing and more to come.
that's dumb on his part...he should've expected consequences
thanks for the follow! xoxo have a fantastic night and be sure to checkout for some awesome music!
Tonite Tonite Dnt miss The Biggest Wet Tshirt Contest @ Superstar Saturdays! At Club Hot Rods its gon be Wild $ 3 Yagers and $2 Coronas
From : "To all the people of the list - buy a bulldozer. Anonymous"
Hahaha tagging crews who act like a gang<<<<
The word "fuck" gets heavily rotated in all my conversations esp text messages
Spoiler: The Stratfor hack post I wrote is wordy. Short story: their hash is your Stratfor ID + your password.
I wonder whether that is flattering or insulting
RT if chips and #salsa is your favorite snack!
Here's to the future because im done with past !
That soap is quite possibly THE sexiest soap packaging I have ever come across! Do you have any other packaging stowed away?
Shut up shut up shut up
Did you really think I meant every word that i said
this sounds perfect! Lisa's working so pit stop at #OFlannigans is #Necessary #Boom!!
laying out<3
So much for data-based decisionmaking MT Christie at AFC: Vouchers offer "the most change, quickly" to help low-income kids
ITS OK I DONT HAVE A GIRLFRIEND EITHER
Yes Loves2Twit I am in Cincinnati, Ohio and the sun is shining brightly. A beautiful day. Is it sunny where your are?
Anyone looking for clothes that actually fit every curve of the woman's body?
u should follow my friend her name is
follow back
Decibel meters for the cops?
yes chloe does cause she said she plays halo 3 and reach she is not aloud to play rated M games except cod and halo this is a FACT
Shit. I kinda like #thevoice. How did that happen? Damn you NBC!
Grilled Chicken Skewers - Recipes at Better Fitness Daily Try this Mediterranean inspired dish to keep your body in top shape...
Awww yeah taking a taxi home that means some chill time w/ an indian
its okay
Trying to see sould I do my video today!.
me too and people are driving me crazy sending her hate its not cool at all.
RT : A very happy 200th birthday to Edward Lear, one of the greats: "'If we only live, We too will go to sea in a Sieve!"
Another excellent folder title found today, "Taken from Gary's Desk." Does Gary know about this?
Your honey bun is missing the honey and your oatmeal is missing some oats lol that shit had me tripping
Gay blood ban likely to be lifted The ban on blood donations by men who have sex with men is expected to be lifted in the UK.
better not be talkin about
Sorry for the last couple of tweets, got hacked. :(
Never too old for some Disney tunes. ;) I MISS YOU. HOPE YOUR SUMMER IS WONDERFUL.
GREAT two days of meetings Always great to see the team and learn together.
Somebody once said "money talks but credit has an echo"
I have the fears, the pain and the tears I just can't hide. It all disappears cause everything passes with the time !
Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back. ~Arthur Rubinstein
Who does the best and freshest homebrew kits?Haven't done a kit in years and looking to ease back into homebrewing.Retired from AG for a bit
that makes two of us. Is your friend not coming here from Houston anymore?
“: Is it me or is this game NOT so entertaining??”its like watchin 2 turtles race
blowing up your twitter...
yo vinnie stigma is publishing a children's book lmao.
Why does Western MD always get screwed when it comes to the state budget? It's the same with Western PA, and I don't get it.
grateful for the follow :)
get it girl.
Your soul is happy 100% of the time-You remember this sometimes. Sometimes you don't- Make a reminder
Oh no, bad thoughts. :/ go away pls.
Put your face all in the pussy
"LOVE makes FOOLS out of all of US..."
Loved your monologue on Cinco de Mayo. Keep on keeping on-you're awesome!
Getting my freshman schedule today.(:
Haters don't even like themselves , so of course they hate you...
so call me maybe
Just discovered is playing a gig tonight at In my 'hood. And it's sold out.
I'm pretty sure Fleury is stoned.
thanks Charles!
mikey put on a spiderman mask had a sword and rode around the store on it.
Packing for #sla2011: the conference PDF is on my iPad, my outfit is color-interchangeable, and my business cards have rounded edges. What!
please join the movement and follow us
I try to help and I end up hurt...Oh well..I hate conflict :/
hahaha - except our dollar amount is $0 not $10
Thanks for the RTs! Hope you're all having a great day!
GO LA
On the maury show; why is it that the guy is always made out to be the bad guy when its the dirty bitch that doesn't know who the dad is ?
Doing great. Eating surf & turf (steak & shrimp) for mother's day.
I am seeing them close the loop here some in San Diego..they seem to be catching up with the forelcosures
you won because your amazing!
Happy Pi Day. Math geeks drink a beer for the irrational piece of yourself today.
is at airport waiting for flight to NOLA for
allowed pero sa passing period lng, and im using my ipod
Thank you Jodie Barker, Drs. Banu & Shoemaker, Mr. Wilson and company, and Dr. Suarez for giving such great poetry workshops!
I should be in the fappin' olympics. GO FOR GOLD
#SAYSOMETHIN I love it!!
gets applause. Recorded.
Just stepped out back to take out the trash and saw the tree with the lights in it.
Social media blackout. Recording in full effect.
In the stage of not caring about anything anymore.
#SomeFactsAboutMe i feel guilty really easily
Definitely not! And now guess what's stuck in my head...
Sure! I just sent it. I hope u win it ;)
...and that concludes my comprehensive one-part series of tweets on Things That Are Cool About Vancouver.
Merry Christmas !!!!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who is polite and not a street thug
Secrets to the Southern Miss front?
Welcome to the #DNation family ! We're lucky to have you with us in the fight to #beatcancer!
NPR's pick-the-caption contest - Salt Lake Tribune (blog)
it's a one and 17 million chance that you'll see this,but HAPPY BIRTHDAY1
Agree heartily w/Lindner selection. Bad Plus, too. The South Trio is very similar to BBNG.
When do you go on?
So true. RT You are foreshadowing. And I think that u r right, "easier" is more accurate than "easy." #bcsm”
Willi Miller: Local jazz musicians take to stage at The Emerson Center
I ain't got a man but Im not alone im Miss independent yup I got My own :)
It could be Mahones and Your Year!!!!
haha...meant aren't. Suggestions are very welcome!
Share #dctech > if folks use a mobile phone & email, they should also #Twitter #Facebook (+/- LinkedIn) if not, they'll be pseudo unaware
Got it!
This is true... That's why I told them to do it! Haha
El Pastor Restaurant outdoor Patio is the new hot place to meet in Ironbound Newark. Come see for yourself.
And great weekend to you too!
perhaps I can get an author to write something up for my blog or something I won't ignore it
Is it sad that the only person i ever text is my mom...
The "Polish Prince" himself, Bobby Vinton performs tonight at Potawatomi, 8pm! Did I mention the casino runs a FREE shuttle from our hotel?
Nice interview on the beach, f-bombs and all. Good luck in the art world.
lucky bitch, non? :P
what's up bro! Long time.
So if every hip person has the same pair of RayBans, when do said pair become uncool?
Oh yes it does and I <3 your dress you are wearing! :) Previews for the show are awesome too! :)
I Love Reggae Music, I Wish They Played THAT At Parties Instead Bullcrap Lyric Hype Shit!
Subway! #Awesome!
I need coffee first to deal with these people
Yeah!!! And you can come to Seattle and party!!!
HAHA I hate you :)
Great thought: The saint never knows the joy of the Lord in spite of tribulation, but because of it." Oswald Chambers Be joyful today!
My early birthday wish would be for to RT this, reply to me or follow me(: either would be great you know since my bday is on wed!
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions. -Earl Gray Stevens
Working on spreading out this work..
Praying for my Dad... He had a Heart Attack earlier...
Heather it came to me after a discussion with a friend about sin. Felt God nudging me to share it. Guess God was right :)
THANK U! RT : thx 4 your hard work.I saw the 2 of u all over the place. nice job covering the event.photos are great!
tonight we will be out celebrating founder Trevor Elsens BIRTHDAY! ! , join us!
60 Minutes is doing a story on Khan Academy which could revolutionize education.
that's what we're counting on you to do! kc loves claire!!
Anxiety through the roof. Worst.
these are the things I think about when I'm not thinking about work ;)
should have came lol
RT : Wish I was at #hcfla <- It's a great conference... lots of talent and good people here! Good to see you on Twitter.
Like I said before, every single day! They're just too perfect for words!
YOU'RE awesome!!! <3
let me know when your done.
call me
God gave me you for the ups and downs. <3
“: Billionaire & top Walker donor pays zero taxes, now wants to make more and only way is to lower wages.
I haven't talked to you in like forever>.<
you better hope those hornets didn't bring their lock-picking tools.
We have some lemon skunk in... Have you tried it??? You should!! Stop in and see us open till 9!! :D
Having #TEAMYOURPHONE in your bio is a waste of characters
Fantastic defense by Memphis
sounds like another baseless claim. Show me evidence; not rhetoric.
You looked strong when I saw you.
Cant believe this is the end. any other city infections? fuck. someone call my mom.
Probably true. But I hesitate to put limitations on the Right Rev. Dave Lankes.
RT : When rowing through the storm know the storm always will pass
You have a way of putting the bullshit in perspective, dear Moon.
The attitude YOU just put me in <<
Wish I was doing something else
GE to take its jobs from Wisconsin to china but bowing couldn't movie to SC
rather you think og that then that bullshit.
You're all over #dukecity today! Have the cardamom pot de creme at #jenniferjames101 - delish!
Missing some Germans tonight.
"Are you on the bus" is SUCH a catchy, wonderful song!
Katy Perry you effing rock.
All I want is and an Aston Martin.. Is that really too much to ask?
:/ I like NFL season better. Glad you are back safely sir.
It's gonna kill. (teenagers.)
what's up? What's good with you?
at his house, I think so-he really wanted some leos.
Come see The Bloody Irish Boys and hear the new album tonight. We will be playing at Skully's in Columbus.
where u at? and my fone doesnt work:l
I love storms
Omg...5.9 earthquake in philly, came from Richmond va!
luckily I work out at the gym in the gayborhood so the 3 tvs play CNN, msnbc, and Kim Kardashian 24/7
ha well i'm hoping to stay in athens for the entire weekend
Violent delight, live as if we die.
I have mine in my desk, thinking about making a frame to add my superbowl and playoff tickets into. Maybe throw the rest out
Got me some free cupcakes for my birthday.
whhhaaat, that will be reaaallly hard
No, K-Rod won't be visiting prison, jail, or anything else - Unless you consider a contract with the Mets punishment.
Thank you. RT : They're called allusions people.
Thanks for the #FF !
hi there
They are horrible. luckily for me my high school pictures were ok. It is jr. high i have anxiety over.
I do believe in fairies live tinkerbell :-(
hey how is studying going ?
2nd that! RT : Dear , I have three words for you: Multiple Accounts, please.
Real niggas catch stiffys when you get dubbed LOL
Sound the alarm! Open your mouth and give GOD a praise right where you are!
Lol i get it..first take is good sumtimes its jus the 'Fix' is so clearly in on that show now
That's true abt the rumble. It's an over exaggeration just like how fun this conf is.
That jockey literally looks like he's 15 years old
The difference is that we'd be drinking Cantillon if we went now, not that Jupiler piss.
watchin' triple D!!
wait, this is happening right now 2 blocks from me? might have to rearrange afternoon plans...
" I parked on the corner of Rape and More Rape" Oh my abs hurt from laughing
Going Green: Roof paint reflects sun raises, this will protect your roof material and save u on ur elect. bill, plus tax write off.
Ladies and gentlemen, Nelson Cruz.
FINALE TONIGHT! JORDAN GIRL YOU GOT THIS ONE IN THE BAG!!! THERE IS NO WAY K/N WILL GET THE $$$$. JORDAN DESERVES IT MORE!
You know you're a #mompreneur when you work well past midnight not only bc you have to, but also bc it's the only quiet time you get all wk.
Anyone know any good places to get #new music? Fo free?
night handsome
Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia. Who would believe that tea blocks were used as currency!
THINKING on catching FUTURE on TOUR...
Shawty What The Mood Is Stacks On Deck(Hell Yeah) Is That Ya Life Savers Hanging Around YA Neck (Hell Yeah)
Sad to be leaving Austin so soon but at least I got two breakfast tacos in before heading to the airport. Hope to come back soon!
Treat Mom to great cupcakes or mini cupcakes. Both bakeries open Sat. 10-4. Westside bakery open this Sunday 10-2.
NB Clark closed near North ave. Some kind of fire. ??
Although we won't be at that conference, you saw and he works from Pgh too. Will find a way to connect!
my solution? (and i am working on it) is a business which trains youth and communities to work with neighborhoods to remove the
I'm supportive- is it controversial? “:anyone have strong feelings for or against annual blood chem tests in dogs/cats?”
wow... Thaks for being there for me
TONIGHT!!! Green Iguana Anderson Latin Night..
nine gongs for the dwarves kings....
I'm so excited for you.
great story man!
Nice! RT Peanut butter & jelly sandwiches 4 dinner. M.
": Love is the question and the answer. No matter what."
that should be dope.They love new England and come all the time. I can't wait for the next show. Tailgates r amazing
day saved by: hearts of space, adorable elderly gentleman, package delivery.
Marcuscamby23 Happy Birthday tall guy!
This weather is grossing me out.
Spring cleaning in the house today.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I wish today was the 15th I need money !!!!
gross and hilarious.
So yes we are booked for signature live,,,,, but you can always walkin to secure your space!!!!! Come early show time is 8 pm!!!!
is trying to reach status.... #FF her, especially if you love #cats ;)
Don't catch a felony swagger jackn lol
next 7-10 days? Try next 20 months, till 2012 election. And then beyond.
The context of which this folder on your external is used lol
A life may be unwritten, but there is no chance to edit it. So learn from your experiences and make it a story worth reading.
thx for replying :) how u doing?
#whereimfrom my name taylormiller is hot where pimpc started,were paul walls grillz is wht tht is,and ice cream paint job cool
Maybe cause my dad forced us 2 drink it all the time since he said he didn't want short kids. 
happy to be working at this evening after being sorely disappointed and disenchanted by his internship at Ohio Historical Society :-(
i wonder what i'm doin tonight..
Today is National Siblings Day. Set aside the rivalry long enough to share a sweet treat...or see who can eat more. Either way works for us.
Book A Star for Your Next Event!!! Send offers and price list requests to
The shot may have been the motivation the CATS needed to get #8. Thanks for the reminder and your efforts to bring IU back.
This was a great episode. He will be missed.
Whats up with the pectoral injuries in todays games?tjack and another left games with pectoral injuries
Thanks for the mention! Got diabetes class tonight. Will try to call in when we return.
Next person who talks about that stupid F*ckin boat, I will drown them
I love
My great-grandma died. She was 100. And awesome. I hope that one day I'll be a fraction as interesting, talented, and vibrant as she was.
Listen #Teebow should go 49ers,, they had a terrfic season, good camp and good coach.
I am still sleepy! All of those doubles wore me out
hahahah you're fantastic
Tomorrow for Story Hour with Miss Kathy at 4:15: Come to our birthday party–we’re turning 6! (6 months old that is!)
A good guy is really hard to find:/ unless you're or Then you are perfect!:D hope both of ur days are going well!
Who do you have for the boxing match tonight? I wonder who will win Mayweather or Cotto? All my friends are saying Mayweather... hmm
twitter is a soap box for ignorant fools. i wish some people would actually read what they wrote, this shit is stupid.
DUDE extras on Emerald Knights = AWESOME!!! Love listening to you all talk about the Corps. Thank you!
will there be any photo ops there ? :)
Tomorrow night will be our last night of service, so we hope to see you all tonight & tomorrow for great food and cocktails :)
VOLTRAN HELL YEAH!!!
I am. Are you here?
we made it official.
Add captions to all photos and images to provide context and another place to include keywords for SEO.
What's your favorite show on TV right now?
RT : Follow L "Best Thing Since Free Air & Raw Sex" & 1 of the hottest Producers Aw Yeah
Were all trying to climb the ladder.
Test driven development rocks
They just drop it like it's hot!
Accident on Martin Downs Blvd, Palm City, motorcycle and car, rider was not wearing a helmet
very true.
Wrapping presents while listening to Christmas tunes on Good stuff.
waited over 2 hours for and got kicked out for nothing and missed the show...fuck you .worst club in chicago
something did just come up with a local company, does your designer friend have a website with samples they can send? It's local
One more night then I'm home sweet home!
that is just so wrong...
Prom plans have been so perfect until today.
at least it was from your kids, It happens to me too but it is mine :(
very excited to have you join us for our annual holiday party this year!
Purple is a gross color.
Still love ya!
it se using my sisters twitter !! Yay !!
Going to a blackhawks practice<3 ohh i love hockey so much<3
'73 Ford Mustang! :D
i have no idea what i'm doing.
I really need Blue Taj to open an uptown location, so I can have their mango chickpea chaat any time I want it. Like now.
gettin REAL weird tonight
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." - Tony Robbins.
gossip girl overload
I've decided to pass the time I'm going to hold a mid-year best of #mw2012 awards, as Always, you're nom. for 'Luscious Locks'
RT Happy Mothers Day. You all are gifts to all of us. I salute all mothers // Thanks!
Hmm, you may be on to something there. Gonna go with the 8 grain whole wheat bread I think.
did it
I just heard it! Whoa. And he's so young! #heartmelted “: is that not the greatest song ever!”
Talking myself into going to the gym today was hard...hearing Coldplay as I walked in did not help.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination -Nelson Mandela
Ew. Really, you went there Brain?
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
woot, back up
iknow how to treat a man ..
In le gym bored af! -.- someone come and save me!
: thank you, it is an honor to be listed aside two of my photography heros!
im trying to get tickets too! I havent seen the men's team since 2008! Lol
Good Morning. :)) You should have a Guava for breakfast.
I need new extensions. I want long hair, ugh.
needs to save me from the stupidity of the human race.
Orange County friends we play the OC Tavern in San Clemente this Friday!
the only way to make it through the dinner....
Can't decide which is worse airplane behavior: girl who refuses to shut off her iPod or Mr. Three Bags.
My instagram is not working. 😡
what happened to Obamas stimulus plan, where did it all go, PA gov. workers can't get paid. Unbelivable
Wondering what to eat for lunch, come try our tasty Beef Tongue tacos with a whole lot of salsa!!
#MrW is now 9-0 in his last 9 Premium Football Selections! Insane the Profits he is bringing his clientele! BPOSport.com
that's a great one! Just as long as he's not spraying any f#%*ing merlot!
But are the Qs rhetorical? Usu a dud MT : Museums try to prompt dialogue, but random facts get most play.
Hi, Food 4 Thought: Vision does not come 2 polluted eyes. Have a great day!!!
Thank you so much, Vicki!
Our April/May issue is around the corner!
New Tennessee law aims to curb teaching 'gateway sexual activity' .. Would that also include masturbation?
I will :) Okay pero why? Yes, he agreed, JC name nya..
omg i love friends, 2 nd a half men and HIMYM
We leave on the 10th! :)
searching #SaySomething to listen now! :D
#thingsyoushouldstopdoinginyour30s: caring about
If you would us to send you one, please email Catherine Shawki at I will be in touch with you & send it by mail.
YES!!! You're delivering to and I, right?
Jeff Vines should be the speaker for the graduation for spring 2013 :)
cut it!
The Chicago Bulls are hosting the Sacramento Kings tomorrow at the United Center. For game tickets, call us now at: 888-493-0004
I actually only saw it out of the corner of my eye...my mind was on the code! it was strange though
I get it now, I didn't know if sap was slang or code for something. I see now that you mean tree sap. Interesting. thanks
It's been silent even from most dedicated posters for some time, which gives me a bad feeling abt Approps.
I don't have to do things the way you say it should be
this was not for the twitter world to see. It was for your eyes only. Ohs well. See you in a jiffy my friend!
Had the same problem (fruit flies @ worms) - try a jar w/balsamic vinegar + detergent on top or even in wormery. Works well!
he's such good excercise!
Omg im thirsty.There is no way in hell im walkin all the way to my kitchen in the dark. No bueno.Idk spanish
how...ps how many days until one direction
I was just thinking the same thing...
It's funny when a Monday is also a Friday.
On the air too. Just posting for non-locals. ;)
lebron i went to watch u play at chicago two years ago i have almost every jersey shoes i just want u to follow me
Okay, these new scenes feel a little more natural. Getting back on track.
#ToMyFutureHusband Lets go to Neverland as often as possible :)
"sports bar" we're at has 11 TVs in back room, only half have brewers on. Tv I'm watching is sandwiched by Xfactor and 60 minutes.
Go Rangers
That moment when you get a card with exactly the scripture you needed to get you thru... thanks
Lol you'd be having a Villanueva baby ear army ;) :'D
Lastest IM Reviews Posts HP TouchPad Tablet Computer
I always pick up about 20 followers when live-tweeting something like school bd mtg.
404 Error I think the link is funky.
xD lmao!! it depends on what move i'm in >:D jk lol
Country diva Sara Evans told him! "You should have thought about that when you were cheating" she sang at
Trying to decide if lighting the Christmas tree on fire in my driveway is easier than shoveling.
Happy Mother's Day to your Wife. How has CNN's "Piers Morgan Tonight" done in terms of Ratings/Viewers to other TV Talk Shows?
Windows 8 bluetooth working on (older) Dell laptops. Anyone? Anyone?
packed the shit out of & hit a 3
drunk munchies?!?! Hahaha!
Eatting with my mom and grandmuva...but I'm having drinks patron shakers!!!!
RT : Oregon track & field: Oregon could dominate the Pacific-10 Conference track meet. Again. News, notes & links...
Denver is getting Manning....where do you think Tebow will go?
My mom and I hope you get better.
"either i find a way or i make one" #SMiRK Clothing Co.
thinking about??
Till monday <3 :)
don't shoot nobody! what music are u listening these days?
So sad our 50% Off Window Sale ends today. But SO happy with all of the joy it brought our recent customers. Need windows? Time's a tickin!
Hope all the 8th graders had fun at their formal last night! :)
you should follow us back(:
"Down" to 38 mph gusts now, but Santa Fe is at 62 mph now!
This nigga on mortal kombat had 4 arms and still couldn't keep his self from falling off the cliff
La Mesa police say suspect in Tierrasanta murder case first called them from mental hospital talking about the crime
Great! Let us know if you need anything! :)
One step forward, two steps backward
I'll stick with tweeting and retweeting solid information for right now, because I still have a lot to learn... always learning!
Why is the gym beyond packed at 5:37am...
Cum and get it!
“: That moment, when you and your best friend look at each other and know what you both are thinking and laugh.”
- I'm doing 3 days a week, & combining body parts. With 2 days of cardio, soccer. I usually do 1 bodypart a day.
you too! Come out to Arnolds downtown Friday! Free show!
Bedford Park, Kingsbridge Heights here. The world is so vast, Twitter swollen with internationals and here we are both Bx!!!
#WhenImBored I just look through my phone
When trying to finish a boring book, imagine Morgan Freeman reading it to you.
What else is new. “: If it weren't for , Twitter would fucking suck right now.”
Thanks for the support!!
<insert tweet about the Grizzlies here>
So excited to wait until the 5th round for the next #BUCS pick...
Time for another storm! I'm torn, I was going to try and sleep but I love the lightning.
I'm so hungry but everything I eat I barf. 😷
that "beaked out" pun was almost as bad as "bump and rind." Almost...
oh sweet! I bet that's exciting
gotti I love you and your huge muscles RT back please!!
My confidence to you has plummeted like hell
i knew Dr Paul would b rejected, it will take another 10-12 years b4 the world wakes up 2 his wisdom; typical though; Thank You
Singed my hair on a candle. Yep. That sort of day.
Congratulations for a very successful opening! Welcome to the neighborhood :) We look forward to partnering up with you soon!
Working, working, working. Different city, same shit. ;)
I think i like drinking in new orleans better than drinking in BR. There's a better grade of cocktail here.
Goin To My Dads This Summer!!:)
Studying up on covered calls
She is a Land Piranha!
Real..niggas do Real $hit... 100
JnfmBbssj fuck I need to pack.
David & I love cooking for friends :) such a fun, relaxing night on our deck w 🍸lots 'o wine & yummy food!
I finally had a moment to wrap and I'm lucky there's even any presents!
Congrats on future attendee! lemonade being sold on-site. plus and also beer ice cream to wet your whistle.
we need a healthy chandler. Amare its time to go for good. Melo chandler dwill next yr
BEST DIRECTION OF A PLAY:Nicholas Hytner,Pam MacKinnon,Mike Nichols,Roger Rees and Alex Timbers
Holy cow...check out demographics of websites www.quantcast.com thanks for the link
No problem!
Im at the meatpacking district at the armani party
Awesome! Thank you so much! =D
I think it's the only website tn republicans go to for legislation
what about Isabella?
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
Awesome way to get in shape
Need to get my VIP game on!
Let me know how I can help in any way
Um, it's PMS, not menopause. And I'm worried more about the fat flashes than the hot flashes.
I'm so horrible w/replying to tweets! Didn't get to catch it but I always support Blk women n the arts! Rock on! Stay awsm.
dancing to le Tigre may not be enough.
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
oh! I LOVE good news! Cant wait!
never seen him...actually he just popped up on my Pandora Radio this morning
u r definetly deep
james said we're starting mornings monday
omg I just found it before but thank you so much!
Downloading lion to my new mac pro!
Why do miss anythings always overdo the charm..or shall i say fake thru it..being pleasant isnt really them..
i'm actually crying because i will see you tomorrow omg
Its finally Friday. Lots of fun things going on today. Stay posted and tweet any tips to
Of course not, but don't understand why should we waste resources n add to deficit? RT $8 billion in WV?
no problem! Just remember it was the #McGowenBump on that got you famous ;)
twitter=so addicting
HA RT Even while incarcerated my reach extends beyond my 20 inches. I have hijacked Ryan Seacrest's Twitter. See for yourself
my gal's going to be pissed.
"america is all about speed. Hot, nasty, bad ass speed."
My Google ads preferences say I'm 35-44. I wish.
early riser
Happy Mother's Day to all! A mother is a gift to cherish!
no one does
Last Q: Q6 What are some of the things that u plan on doing in the next 6 mos to create collaborations and for what purposes?
I HATE you . On a regular basis you are scamming a cat hospital, offering service, not providing, and killing cats
It's my birthday in 3 days.. Swag swag
I haven't watched Aliyah in so long. Same thing goes for Legend & Semper Fidelis. Those were tough episodes.
"but mommy isn't dating anybody right now, she doesn't want to. So she can date you later"
I just arrived and somebody tells me I have go to CAMPUS now!!!
Derek Fisher hitting those 3s again huh? #LAKERS know they should be shame. Fisher is an asset and wins games! Why are people hating?
I think it just didn't want you working at 11, don't be too mad at it
Follow the
hell yeah
If I had a # KeurigVue brewer I would call it my buddy that wakes me up. -- cyberdol ()
Even though Breast Cancer is rare in men, it apparently is more lethal
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 5
Very excited to head down to #wherecamp !
Awards and great reader reviews - #TheRealtors - Can't wait for the cable series!
Listening to ambivalence avenue all morning, looking at art and drinking coffe, perfect
of course she is <3
can't wait for my iPhone to get here so I can facetime!
: Oh Christ Vegas
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 7
Leaving st louis on same plain I arrived on but had to deboard and reboard.....cloudy here. Hoping for sun in Nashville
Joel Bishop... #TheOrangeRevolution Awesome key note speaker!
Ps , just saw BONJOUR TRISTESSE at and you are a ringer for jean seberg's punky double
Break my heart for what breaks Yours
#What2ChainzWouldSay .. Hair weave killa.. Got a fine white girl, I just call'er VANILLA!
Interesting! (Great acronyms!)
On a Bad Meets Evil kick. Throw in a little Bruno Mars and its a righteous album - Hell: The Sequel
An interactive character will help educate and stop bullying before it begins.
A hard drive failure has slowed Recurly a bit, but other than speed, no service impact. We're replacing and will be back to top speeds soon!
I hate when I hear something fall & can't figure out what it was!
Happy Mother's Day mom:)! i love you so much <333
Forgot to mention that we went to the BET Honors and the show was FABULOUS look out for it to air in February!!
You know I can't stop all the trouble!
Sum always gtta fuck it up
This job is going to be the death of me!
I wish they would stop changing camera angles and shit.
Do I need my anything other than my drivers license to vote?
MT Congratulations ! He will be Cody in "First of the Month"
so i got an f...again... pissed...hat her..
“: I'm a pretty trusting person, but I'm very suspicious of grown-ass men drinking large frappuccinos.” Word.
GBIF using Sqoop, Hadoop; alas, no word on hula hoops.
Excited yet sad about hearing the Essay...it'll drive home that my are going away for a bit...much love :'(
Submit your music video and short bio to !
Going to TRY and sleep. Hopefully no more nightmares.
Wish my life was like a movie...
Great words of wisdom!
Rochester veterans and friends of vets, email to have your public comments added to the Nucor House hearing tomorrow!
Haven't U caused enough misleading? Vanish already! People, go find the real "Art Institute" in ur city;these guys are NOT.
Totally wish I was at the HOB right now, jam'n out to Rusko....
Footwear winner - IDed E Merritt AAM staffer & formerly of - fabulous footwear!!
Thanks for the follow, I appreciate it.
yes he was a great crisis interventionist
what is this a hit n run?
About to start packing again with the lovely
#musetech is interpretive solution, need not replace objects. McLean Cty Museum sees tech as helping reach more diverse aud
Old Dogs and Viagra?
Are you missing an A in that AL there? :)
With drafting of TRich & Schwartz to bolster run game, pressure on Weeden will be significantly decreased. Perfect compliments for our O.
Hahaha damn Google and knowing everything!!! What side of town are you on?
To those who actually celebrate, Feliz Cinco de Mayo! For those who just like to drink Mexican beer today, I hope you enjoy that as well!
very excited to see Beirut tonight at the congress theatre w/
I'm daydreaming the whole day
Dear boobs, Why must you grow?!?! Love Kels.
-wipes away your tears- I told you it was a joke earlier. Remember ?
Major #aloha from and Hanzell Vineyards hosting our VIPs in spring 2012. So excited!
it's not everyday that the bus assembles a chance group of strangers with an odor this foul. the odds were not in my favor today.
Swimming Pool and Spa Maintenance.Receive your first month’s service FREE! Professional, Reliable & Outstanding Customer Care. 760-456-5212
If she say she only slept around one time den u gotta multiply dat by 3. #You'sAHoe & im tellin $ bill
Our garden looks happy: more rain please.
go look at the moon hurry before it goes away lol :)
SO ARE U GONNA BE DOING A USTREAM TODAY?!?!?!:)
Sent #swagtooloud off to iTunes and every other store today. People are gonna go ape for this one.
It's time to graduate!! Tonight is the night!! Let's go class of 2012!!!
I wonder if there is a #crossfit WOD called JENNY??
Thanks for the follow, Eliza.
haha doesn't surprise me man!
Thanks For Following Me <3 Your Gorg !
vote your favorite hot guy VOTE NOW! DONT WAIT WHO WINS JUST VOTE!! AND DONT FORGET DO VOTE
Thanks, for the #FF David.
Demaryius Thomas is a decent haircut and an attitude adjustment from being an effective receiver.
This constant, unproductive preoccupation with all the things we have to do is the single largest consumer of time and energy. ~~David Allen
RIP Junior
how is #transcamp going?
Going to watch #TheAnnouncement tonight. I remember being a kid and not knowing what to think when I saw one of my heroes become human.
You've changed. I've changed. We've all changed. Now let's go our separate ways and shut up already. Stop your bitching and grow up.
that sounds all sorts of delicious. Too bad the only one in MA is in a mall. Which is now closed.
Well, the music portion of SXSW may actually be close to that!
I have the leg hair of a Serbian man right now. This is not an April Fools joke.
Excited about spending the night with
At the beginning of summer I never would have guessed I would enjoy Transformers 3 more than Super 8 or Green Lantern. Yes here we are.
Doing hood rat things with my friends band "Haver Kill"
Thanks. Link is repaired.
Ray Emery. heh.
Cool. cc Kevin isn't averse at all. Sweet!
Speek da truf RT : Epiphany after epiphany. Clarity is a good thing to acquire after months of chaos.
Agree! RT : Dziuban is essentially a library of books that need to be read. At least 4 books mentioned in first 15 mins.
Multiple helicopters hovering over the freeway at the beginning of rush hour - never a good sign.
Absolutely - thats the best way to build a powerful and productive network. The time is now!
: Sue and I picked LETS PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED too, will include others though, thanks. I'm reading CITY OF SCOUNDRELS.
Celtics and Red Sox win. It's a good night
Was downtown Nashville last nite, & 4 a Thurs nite, it WAS hoppin!! It was really good 2 c Broadway so alive. 2nd Ave is SOO lighted up!!!
no you don't. I'm in the kitchen. LIAARRR.
Nothing like a good ole Twilight Zone Marathon on a rainy day.
so right. I use the fastest I have 58mm 1.2 rokkor when I'm in the dungeon
... and the question remains unanswered. :)
Between Cinco de Mayo and the Super Luna, I bet tomorrow's episode of "Sabado Gigante" is going to be fucking loco!
I watched it on Showtime on demand. Impressive show.
can't wait for to stn this weekend. <3
i was thinking that'd be nice, too. first, that. then trees.
had my frist fitting at the WB when good
-- She said she's the REAL one lmaoo. and No you wont cause i do!
I'm going to make like an AmeriCorps volunteer today and Get Things Done! :) Have a good day.
thats not nice
Aww! My pleasure! RT : thank YOU for all you do for the community!
RT : My b-day is Friday. I will be turning...old. I need a party with a petting zoo to balance it out. [Might be stealing this...]
That's the last time i text
Good morning everyone<3 c:
Go ahead, ! I trained once for a half marathon, thai I never ran, but got up to about 11-13mi. The recovery was too much!!
ahh love you too gurliee! RT i love !!! <333 and im so glad to have her in my life!!
I liv status im a numbers guy. You can relate Mikey.
let's porty.
Hey Nathan i just came from ur show on stickam (: i waz the one who said i like ur Deadmau5 shirt xD follow back ? (:
Wandy with 84 pitches through 7; complete game I guess.
4.I don't give a shit :) 5.your a hater so that makes you my motivator 6.I'm to mature to care about your rumors k? :)
Some little kid thought I was #Santa cus of my hat
Oh what a night!
it is what the internet was MADE FOR.
I'm bout my paper (recycle bin)
cannot wait for English to be over, thank god I hand my portfolio in tomorrow so it's finally done!
i was just looking at my old lacrosse pictures haha.. Perfect weather for lacrosse
That's "Ten GREAT reasons
the celtics always win when I have my celtic socks on!
no i don't know, cause you never told me the date of your bday
Back to work on the Boot Camp Website! Can't wait to launch it today!
road trip.
thinking they will trade him for a veteran qb later ...
omg please tell me about it!! Like what you love and dont and the people and places to go!?! 😍😍😍😍
looking for a European women's history textbook that covers Middle Ages to the present. Suggestions?
once again byyyyyyeeeee......
I don't remember any of my dream last night except for opening the fridge door and being excited about a full can of frosting...
Four days left, four crits, five projects (currently completed: zero), two promises of free pizza.
i mizzzz you
Don't want to fall in love no time soon. Fuck all the lovey dovey shit.
: oh yess.!! Haha :D it's okay, we have no shame.!
Drunk at 7 pm.
Now knows pretty much all there is to know about repairing broken throttle control cables for single lever hybrid engine controls
sometimes,we look for the spectacular, and miss the supernatural.
Where else to come and rant about the Facebook ticker? To Twitter!! There, then gone apparently. . .
Three LOUD douchebags at SEA-TAC talking about Amsterdam, South Africa, and Tokyo like they own the place.
I thought you didn't take any days off? Well, except for Sunday to watch the Jets choke!
Legion Training Center opens in North Country Commons
“: he wasn't it. Spoiler!!! Fredo gets whacked at end of Godfather II.” spoiler I am drinking and didnt Think...
Did Dining Out For Life for lunch, then went to Trader Joe's, then bought books, then watched Bollywood videos and Band Baaja Baaraat. :)
Cracks in the sidewalk are just reminders, that even the strongest things fall apart.
Via Jason Barr: "if your 1st instinct after hearing about a tragedy is to scrub your websites, you have a problem as a political movement"
at on Sat! Face melting and uncontrollable dancing will ensue. Party!
Woot! Finished a chapter in the WIP.
Lies take victims, seperate them at the seems. Cause them to fall apart and move onto better things
GET PAID TO SHOP!!! WIN PRIZES TO SHOP!!! LUCKeSHOPPER Where you get paid to Shop!!! Coming 2011!
May is Health & Fitness month! Check out our Highlights Page for fun ways to stay fit and active with your students!
A lot of big things in the works
thank you for a really thought provoking conference
*yawn* Almost done with Season 3 of SG1, but now is the time for sleeping. Yes....
Who is going to see the Brewcity Bruisers roller derby matches starting at 6 p.m.? Located at the U.S. Cellular Arena.
if you could let me know the next time you have an event-- I would love to attend!
Thanks for the follow
Today's #CovertTU word: HUNTING PACK – slang for surveillance team. I have several hunting packs out there. Watch your backs.
I am county commission meeting... they are talking about the friendship bridge trail among other topics.
benched for who? There's negative depth on the team. That's absurd
Chiana:I wonder if any of my brothers or sisters share my passion for camembert cheese?
Tabling 4 Healthy Kids in the Heights at the 2012 Uptown Games! Great collaboration b/t NYRR, Adriano Espaillat, , & Robert Jackson.
Heeeeeelllllllloooooo #SPN family! Guess what tonight is? No seriously, guess. THAT'S RIGHT! New #SPN tonight! Can you say WOOOT!
Everyday she makes me do spit takes, and half the time I don't even have anything in my mouth. #FollowFriday (via )
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY! I'm now legal in the state of Texas! ;)
Thx for the slides. Checking out Prezi now. Very cool.
Dine w/ us this weekend and receive a voucher for a FREE Pranzo Speciale (aka lunch special). #lunch starts this tuesday so spread the word!
Lifes like a box of chocolate you never know what you gonna get. Lmao!
Make more, people can have easy access and you guys can buy better servers
1 state down, my bad
Seriously, why does insist on reminding me of every change they make to their UX over and over?
Silent auction items needed for Talk of the Town, April 14 Contact if you would like to donate an item or service
Agreed. Moving the signs one lane to the right it would make a difference. The shoulder is wider than the lane!
can't wait “: CP3 to Blake Griffin is the closest we're getting to real life NBA Jam.”
But it makes me feel so good lol
Thanks Eli
“: Write without pay until somebody offers to pay. MARK TWAIN #amwriting #writing” exchange for paint, or sculpt.
Have a great night and check out Losing My Soul on Kindle, its a great read!!
Holy crap, #malesoapopera Sunday's rock!
Sun in the 70s is a beast in Vegas, what's up when it really starts cookin summer-style
So i aint find a date 4 2night but its all good still gunna have a good time kickin it wit my niggas n Doin work on sum beer pong....
Given the weird nature of the assignment, it seems perfectly appropriate to me.
:) toiv... I'll send you an email. I have some ideas and if you can help, it'd be awesome!
Want to laugh ur as off? Then go follow >>>>>> <<<<<<< for some hilarious tweets!
I get what u get in 2dayz in 8 yearz da G mix baby.
"I had 999 problems and a bitch was all of 'em."---Keenan Thompson as Herman Caine
How can I get to work for me? My office has enough public funds.
There are things you wish for before big moments.
RT : 17 seconds of focused pleasureable visualization is stronger than 2000 hours of working to obtain a goal
Boys should never do duck face! hahaha
Check out 106 and park on BET today, music friends Anthony David and Chris Rob will be rockin' out ONE!
Finished with another great workout food time than training than more gym!
fuck that I'll breed baby turtles if I want!
Friday 5pm yeah that's right it's Martini time. The weekend starts now!
you got that same
cars > cars 2
Cannot believe I'm going to miss the fried chicken at #porkapolooza at - can't believe I'm missing the entire #porkapalooza !!
Yes! Loving this match! Orton vs. Kane
Hello world tweets !
Just wrapped AWESOME Garden Tour & Expo. Very positive feedback. Proud 2 have led Council, worked w/ our Board 2 put this on.
When My Mom Talk About Making A Twitter <<<<< -__-
Some people develop a wish bone where their back bone should be. -Unknown Author
Save money browsing with your tablet or pc, check out Tether App for Android, iPad and iPhone
She's getting married in a national park. I've never been there so that should be interesting. If I don't doze off. :)
when you supposedly "fell".... That wasn't even like tripping, it was more like letting yourself sit without a chair.
RT lol- dawn can swing it better than janish Your right about that! They sent him and Volquez down?
#Imagine Austin: there's something wrong with my phone... You:... Austin: Your numbers' not in it.. <3
Going to be in San Diego starting tonight for four days. Who will I see first...Ron Burgunday or
yo bro i need that report on my desk friday......... "fashion domination"
Back to back New Girl with . So FREAKIN funny. Best chicken dance ever....
So did NUTS over the win tonight? I was rooting for the 49ers!
": Keep a watch on your behaviour; let all your ways be rightly ordered. -Proverbs 4:26"
How bout a "Team Cracker, World Please..." Album W/ & ?
is wearing a slayer shirt in the first episode of rediculousness. What, u don't make sense
RT : It won't happen. By that time, the moon will be colonized and I'll be safe there. Zombies can't fly spaceships.
Interception Baby!
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
RT : Rick Santorum wears a fireproof leotard under everything.
For the hotspot to work you need to upload your video to a web site if you're jumping to a url.
San Francisco. What's happening!!!!
: Shooting miss in Venice today for Limeade California
that is an amazing stat!!
Determined to be the best never look back and have regrets how many people you bless is how much you messure you're success
Anyone up for a late lunch on the south side of Columbus?
Randomizing can be good or bad depends how you look at it I say it's good
Back in San Diego, albeit briefly: OAK >>> SAN.
should i walk away or keep trying?
This salon soo gloomy
RT : Good morning from the #NURFC #Cincinnati --> Good morning Jamie! Nice to see you this morning!
woohooo its superbowl sunday my fellow tweeters lets go Saints
aw! I miss you too! Where are you these days?
I don't know who in the hell told you I was suppose to share.
RT : Greetings from Minneapolis! Tune in 2 2day, 2 pm Eastern, I'll be on with Eau Flirt perfume! Hugs!
I planked on his conda ;)
Anne Amie Vineyards is hosting a wine tasting for residents in The Sapphire Room tonight from 7pm to 9pm. Come for wine, food, and friends.
GOAL!!!! 2-2 Now lets go
Konishiki, the world's largest sumo wrestler at 625 pounds, once consumed 100 glasses of beer & 70 pieces of sushi at one sitting. http:..
please RT Thx! this Friday beginning at 5pm in !
Would love for some law school to pay us to discuss this over lunch :)
This Dora episode talking about the magic stick feels a bit inappropriate.
I will surely miss your smiling face during the games. Enjoy your retirement...you've earned it! #86 forever <3
Great news! Now we are ALL Marylandians. Haha!
Some call it inappropriate... We call it funny.
Rob Wilson just crossed the 30 point mark.
“: aren't there also vodka martini's? Might be a naive question.” if it doesn't have gin it's just a fancy shot For Her
oh man... we had 4 kinds: peanut butter mouse, French apple, Bourbon caramel, + Mexican chocolate. I swear there were 4 of us!
RT : lmao! U tweeting from the floor? What's wrong with u lol!! <~~ no home training. Lmao!!
I need to do that too!
Last team to have the ball in this game wins?
God has put it on my heart2make this year a year of PREPARATION. Gotta get ready, something BIG is about to happen.
thanks for the mention
Wow, I really need to get back to studying. I have the concentration skills of a walnut. Okay, later.
No fun ever happens in a town that is a “A great place to raise a family.”
I hope you realize what you're getting for your birthday.
Could this have any impact on his appeal?
State tourism spending numbers will be released this afternoon at 2 p.m. The numbers are interesting.
A walk off home run and then I turn to see the devils scored again?
Art history test: I hope you're ready to get destroyed tomorrow lol.
Isn't it cool that when you were born like for a few seconds, minutes, whatever you were the youngest person in the world?
Hey Judia, what cha cooking'? Gotta good Thanksgiving wine 2 recommend?
lol,I tried on a pair of skinny jeans too... Couldn't get them over my ankles
Perhaps. I'd be fine sticking him in CF to begin the contract if they brought him in. Move him to RF after Hart's contract ends.
I know someone who insists that (s)he has not filed a tax return in eight years and has suffered no consequences.
of course
After the SUPERBOWL...CHECK ME OUT...WWW.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
Lime Juice on deck
A backward poet writes inverse
I'm in shock. HUGE bag of "home stuff" frm colleagues w/congrats on the new house. I work w such thoughtful, caring people! cc
I will thx jelly
My dog doesn't appreciate me singing to her :(
Yeah I know how to RollerSkate:) Why??
Happy Birthday love
Bought my tix today to see The MUMMIES (yeah!) at Budget Rock 8
I think I should get some credit for finding something hiking-related that neither or knew. I'm legit now.
My life is finally better than my dreams❤
LOL yes. Excitement
or start doing the opposite of what you think you should do.
Save 30% this week on your favorite Spot Organics products...just use the coupon code "EcoCoolDog" during checkout. WOOF!
getting ready to re-enter the work world a day early.
lol finally on twitter? #welcome 😁
A mustang I bought myself and couldn't be more prouda :D
why would anyone in their right mind want to follow this guy he'll eat the american people alive
"Facebook that bitch! I need to see if shes hot"
happy first day of spring twitter!!!!
"famous titles"
Oh my god I hate that it's like useless and just like there . It's like stfu
#in my head there :D hehe <3
sorry to hear.. Lol.
I Hear Music 2012 is May 18th-20th 2012. All roads lead to Cincinnati.
Expecting important phone call so I keep staring at my phone and willing it to ring. I feel like I'm single and dating again...
Wind canceled work plans now what to do? wide awake
Off to teach the new kids at Brooks a thing or too. Go orange team!!!
When we find the perfect water, We'll hang out on the shore. Just long enough to leave our clothes there
JazzbahABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Happy Birthday to U!
doesn't sound like your Monday will be too promising
You can't be a loser if you watch Avengers. Go see it.
Another weekend is almost here! Anyone attending an event that requires a Tyvek wristband to enter? :)
I think it would be much easier to sell any kind of tangible product than what we social marketers try to peddle!
Neither rain nor sleet nor snow nor dead of night will keep me from a cheap sushi lunch.
SO proud of you!!! You deserve all the best-u earned it!! Would love to talk and catch up!! Take care! Luv ya lots!
Did just have a #shufflezebra on TV tonight?
Omg So True! i listen to the positive and forget the negative..
Ms. Hill where u at!!! Talib been askin!!!
you my friend are hilarious! just getting used to this twitter thing (alaskans go figure) thanks for the laughs!
Player highlight releases begin today! Uploading right now.
Pet peeve is someone wearing sunglasses and there is no sun hello
thank you for all your help last night!
RT : Check out what's new at these #SouthFlorida #hotels , , ‏, :...
like when the easter bunny hides your basket from you?
10 people came to tell me that Justin Bieber is queer! Then I said of course not, he is super talented! Honestly!
are you doing your 6 o clock ustream we are waiting and nothing has happend
hopefully I'll be working all day today, but that's it. Did you ever get a phone? :p
it's raining because the sharks lost.
Ohh sorry hey :)
If your on the Peninsula... You've got to go see Sarrtori Fine Apparel.. this is Quality clothing !!
right now ! ?
Very classless. But I would expect no less from someone who writes for one of Rupert Murdoch's tabloids.
These female gone get they feelings hurt haha grow up
iAiNT GOT NO ROOM TOO TALK DOE ((Crazii Bout My BD)) :)
i wonder if will see this & RT or follow or something!!! lol
&the reality that several present&past candidates on payroll .
Anybody up right now?
Tell me you all went outside and enjoyed the weather today!
"You can see one right now though". Funniest Quote I've Heard All Week.
I have #NoRespect for girls who make bad comments about people when they pass them in the hall way..
I like evenings like these... quiet, slightly cool, lights dimmed, with a 50% chance of love...
#WeWontWork if you plan on using violence and aggression to get what you want.
puppies or kittens?
Haha unbelievable. He's finally made it I guess.
what do u expect? It's espn, anti-hockey.
whats up man? how you doin?
Friday will be the first time I wear a jacket and sweatpants to the beach
happy birthday kourtney =)
good question. I thought it was primarily a chance for local politicos to strut their stuff on world stage.
exchanged during a typical French
Happy New Year East Coast!!!!
TO ENTER... WINNER PICKED AT 5:45 PM... PICS TO FOLLOW...
Not Paleo. Just less chemicals. I know I'll get pesticides, but not adding chemicals myself. No splenda, MSG, etc.
. Thanks so much for your RTs this weekend!
I'm going to attempt to make my hair look like Lil Mama's "Snooki bump" tomorrow. (:
lead 14-8 at half over
Got crushed at 12 hour 25/50 PLO session at bellagio. Played great... Except for the hands I got crushed in.
$6 student tix on Fridays. Gotta come up.
with rise in importance of online analytics are we teaching how to fully interpret stats for meaning?
let me know if you ever want to hang, I'll be around as well
So many books and not nearly enough holiday!
Pen exploded in my 1-of-a-kind #LambertsonTruex canvas-python clutch, 1 of my best sample sale finds ever-ARGH. any tips re:getting ink out?
Yes, just the right place to annoy me to no end. A boxers fracture without the punching.
Caps win! Series tied!
A crook is a person who was out for what he could get and in for what he got.
RT : When you start arguing over any and everything, it might be time to say fuck it! No matter how bad you want it to work!
