we're both 17
hey clutch :)
You really need to get this information out. The more we know the less ignorant we are. Thanks for the information.
Can you add an action to wp-admin/media.php?
Guess I don't need to clean house then! Good I can really kick back tomorrow! Yay!
breaks over and im still not tan...
Is the next #Bears GM going to be found at a Starbucks? Totally heard Cowher likes his coffee
me too, problem solved?
OR u could root for the winner RT cmon Susie.Youd be on my side
People piss me off so much.
Thanks for the RT & mention
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. - Albert Einstein
Tweeting "Geaux Tigers" is way more fun than simply tweeting "Go Tigers."
Oh boy, double bout of flu and old folks in the hospital. Still waiting to hear about Bjork on the 2nd if I can handle it!
#ThingsIDislike whn u talk behind my bak n pretend to be my friend
Nature has always had more force than education
go on this show lol
Follow me and I'll follow you back.
We have not created an official hashtag for #WSCA12. But have fun and stop by our booth while you are there!
suxs- RT if you disagree :) ~RT~ HE DOESN'T SUCK WHOEVER THINKS THAT HAS NO TASTE!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the walking tits
My cat is a girl, and he's pregnant...? ._.
Bottles of Inca Kola on deck
HVAC can pay big $$$$ here in TX.....I am thinking that more installs are on the way
Still don't understand why everyone gets Labor day off except JMU...
Joint Select Committee announce meeting and hearing. Organizational mtg on 9/8, hearing on history /drivers of debt on 9/13 at 10:30 am
My workout today was pretty good.. As you get older it gets so much harder to get into shape..
It's like u caught up in a maze u keep on goin in circles girl an u tryna find a way out..
No surprises tonight yet in the #GOP #supertuesday. It all comes down to Ohio
goodnight ashley lol
everything counts!
Rapping and lifting
working. All the time working. How is it that the poorest person you know is always working???
Ah. Home relaxing with my boo bear. 💘
One of my favorite quotes: stand up for something or you will fall for anything!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT IF U LOVE JUSTIN
let's drop the anchor for a minute.
yes! if he could just play each pt by itself, he'd do better. the 'holy crap i may win' seems to flake him out. hard to do tho.
All your base are belong to us.
Fire Burns Baby!!
thx- thought I'd throw it out since the real techies asked- twitter seems to always know:)
We love RT love! :D Saludos!
it hurts to breath lol
dont stunt....hit me on the other twitter as soon as u get on!!!
There are legitimate mgrs that rep actors and submit for commercials. You won't need both agent & mgr if you just want to book commercials.
Im soo sorry about your mother. Keep doing what you love. Make your mother proud and just know she is looking out for you.
Can't wait! “: #GoldRush Friday tomorrow!!!!”
scratch that....they done switched up the plan for kickoff.
&+ im impatiently waiting for august 25 !
Campaign finance reports in Florida due in 8 days. We will report on who is doing well and who isn't making the grade.
i'm in incheon, so i'm about an hour west of seoul. and no plans for xmas or nye just yet!
my unsung hero has to be me this week...I could really use an assistant in MoBay!
Thanks for the follow! @, , , and
It's fun to dress extra cute for some outings & then others you just don't want to waste the outfit. Pretty basic.
Happy Friday to all my friends in the Twitterverse. What's the plan for the weekend?
looking forward to #HFF12 and getting to know your work
Did you say veggie burgs?!
Archie thanks all of the assistant coaches, names all of the black ones only...hmm
Which is ultimately why they killed tweetdeck, no?
Missed my amazing new iPad tonight while away from it for the first time.....back now, thank goodness;;}
My dream phone would be the Evo3D w/ a better camera, sans bloatware like FriendStream, & a must have portrait sliding keyboard.
Sadly, I still don't have any furniture... More room to party, I guess?
Through the bad days, and the good, Liz has made me smile & laugh even more than I would. Her existence just makes me happy in every way.
Bless up yu self bredda bredda...its been ages...hope all is well with you and the family...God Bless you.
to drunkk to tweet
i never tweet on sundays
Thank god I'm getting off work.
Best 7 months of my life with You're the best. =)
I was force-fed the red pill ;-)
is trying to send my tweets to facebook :)).
Watching Set Up with that nig 50! Cent that is.......
lol i know
Yes, I have used on several clients. It's THE only reliable metrics platform for #FB. I highly recommend!
No school? I love it <3
anyone know of a place in albany where you can get custom t-shirts FAST?
great discussion in HIST322. Students loved Death at the Priory and "got it" when talking about Victorian gender roles. Love my job!
November's my favorite month... I'm a sucker for
Imagine having as your English teacher... I'd pay so much more attention in class.
Also....I hope this isn't gross because I only have two eggs left and need to eat something.
I never though you would be a disaster in my life..
Looking forward to a relatively slow work week this week!
Hunter gets his quarry and closes out Rory 2 and 1. A great day for the Americans.
over-reaching sense of entitlement, I guess.
twitters gettin dumb i only go here to check out all the celeb tweets
Whoa! Chairs at the LA natural history museum are the 1913 originals!
How lucky that we two should meet and make each other�s life complete.
In my nature 2 get money..
GAME DAY! Playing at home against Rhodes College tonight in match up. Tip off at 8pm.
RT : New strategy podcast with and coming later today. Stay tuned! #TPEdge This one is SICK
It is admirable for a man to take his son fishing, but there is a special place in heaven for the father who takes his daughter shopping.
Love the juxtaposition of "quintessentially Brooklyn as it gets" and "there’s nothing Brooklyn about this water"
isn't he every girl's type?
Already tired of the Wal-Mart analogy.
PLEASE tell me you are going to do choreo to "I won't give up" this season on sytycd!!
Justin in studio today 5:30 performing "Hate Me" and debuting new song
yeah I have to sit in the 800 year old chair.
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
RT : Interview Wit Da City Next Week #Blessed <--- hope you get that cuz
hey hi how are you
Studio time at 12
Downtown all week.
Great new hobby to replace smoking: reading one star reviews of masterpiece books and cinema (and vice versa) on amazon.
Boot scoot boogie
: You were awesome today on set! And you're a natural! It was a pleasure to run your lines with you!
Jamming out to some on my new portable cd player.
I don't understand how LBJ gets on the floor knowing they are running a play for Mario Chalmers, and he somehow accepts that!?! Unbelievable
I love when women say my name.
I miss you
Just walked outside. The birds are chirping and it sounds like a rainforest. Totally forgot I live in California.
#Cheers. Enjoy Cinco de Mayo
OMG....WHAT A STORY.....GOD BLESS THAT DOGGIE....
Happy Friday! Have a question about QR codes? Ask us! We'll be glad to help.
Money Over Broads
To you as well! Enjoy!
Did you volunteer this past weekend? Tell us about it!
Hey Renee! Tried to email you when disappeared from Facebook. How are you? -Paul (Florida)
- if my funds are rightt.. Then I am in!
Mensa...just saying...
dumb ham and tam sandwich...
lol then you're in the clear :D ... Now I'm hungry haha!
Ferris Bueller is teaching my class again. I want so badly to giggle.
can't wait to return!
Were you prepared for a snowstorm?
Congrats to the Team for your #NoKidHungry award. Much deserved!
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
Cowboys are home against the Redskins on my birthday, in case you were already scoping out gifts.
I just want to pay my way though NYC film academy..
Today is the last day I do hot yoga behind a man. The smells I smelled... Unforgivable.
Aight. And what the hell wrong wit yo avi..you look like the nigga from the end of the movie I Am Legend
Wassup ? Me man I'm fly like its prom night chase a dollar every hour makin sure my moms right
Going my dads this weekend. Meeting with the School. Hoping to get transferred.
For sure..and thats nothin i havnt played since last time at seamon
thanks for the logo
Recruiter was at Camp Lejeune yesterday. Thank you Marines for your hospitality. Recruiters will be at VCU next week, October 7th.
It's a tie for slot no.4! For the mustachio-ed manly man we have either M.Gorky's Selected Shorts Stories or Nietzsche by Robert Wicks
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 68
The only thing more frustrating than being in love, is loving someone who doesn't care about you in the least. they just pretend to.
I Think #oomf Likes Me O,o
haha oh god, because they're the same person
Summer was nice, right?
Drake concert was poppin! I got blowed af! & had a bamb ass time!
Happy #hump day everyone!! Wednesday's are considered the start to the weekend right???
#thingsblackfolksscaredof maury tellin they baby daddy he not the father
Ah! Thank you, Mrs. Manny!
send us a pic
You're sick too? "Das sketchy fool" ;)
We shouldn't have to "push" our leaders to do the right thing. That should be inherent in their nature.
Thanks!! is guest on
I can't believe she's gone... I love you so much<3
I feel like the statistic dismisses the fact that they are trying to feed something beside hunger.
oh for heaven's sake! RT : A shot at the bride?
Awesome archaeology in the confidential!
OMG WHO IS THAT?!
Structured Products Magazine Again Recognizes Morrison &amp; Foerster as Law Firm of the Year
just tell him I've been trying for about a year and a half and It would make an amazing birthday present for thursday:'} <3
#erl12 Work-around for JR5 report developed by at Liverpool
if you decided to let them get into…the "Black" entertainment industry?.…….
hey bigg spender ,spend a little time with me ;)
question: in new iPhone mobile app, how do I add someone to my lists?
Sometimes I don't know what I'm thinking...
"He looks like one of those quiet guys whose poop smells really bad."
TY, Angela, for RT! I wrote and rewrote that post. Hope it makes sense!
How did we get this far, and where do we go from here?
OMG.... school has changed so much since I was in it!!!!!
The team from General Dynamics is here setting up for their Special Hiring Event here at the #ClearedJobFair #security clearance
no like the d bags who beg celebrities to retweet them!
yay! Guess I'll see you then? ;-)
Thank god for mobile studio equipment. Work.
If I was running multiple client sites, I'd probably do the same thing.
I hate throwing up with out expecting it! 😒
R.I.P. John Wooden!
After a slight crisis period, we're back up and running! Of course the classes didn't stop just cause we did-- what's everyone been doing?!
Bummer. Its no fun being sick... But maybe you can relax& watch some movies. :o)
Be a Choosey Chick....Follow us on facebook!
Goin on a field trip to key biscanye! So excited! On the bus with some friends :) wish me a GRAND day! :D
Our friends at #valtech are back in biz after a terrible flood last year. That means VERY limited # of #magnatiles will be in store Tuesday
no prob; very thoughtful article, thanks! Btw what do you think of representations of the middle ages in video games?
2nd day in a row that my alarm didn't go ogg. Oh, technology
2 challenges in poem translation: the words and meaning and the flow and rhythm (or rhyme).
Thanks to our new followers!
Whats up homie, where you been lately?
It's finally Friday! Been looking forward to today al week. n_n
LmaooooRT : Every where
coming along, thanks for asking :) cpl mnths left. Is your game based on an existing physical boardgame or did u create it?
um so i just made this now is there a manual for this thingy ma jig?
there is no love for the 305 BH :0(
right! likewuttt. & what else was different? farms everywhere? lololol
I'm thoroughly enjoying these two twitter accounts: There are never enough Fight Club references out there.
Like: "Yes, I like reading, I'll join your book club. Oh, you guys are doing "The Book Thief"? Never mind, I hate reading."
Shout out to the new follower !
government: If you serve us rather than we serve you, why is our money paying for your luxerys?
so why not one of you?
Right back at you brother. See you tomorrow.
Rockin it on the
Thanks for the #FF I promise not to head for a cliff.
Thank you!!
I feel better now. 
where is the softball game at ?
I'm So Sorry Hun<3 I Hope You Feel Better. Don't Worry We All Have Issues With Our Family's, Tweet Me if You Need Anything<3
Altima Is Nissan Ticket to Ride Past Honda After 24 Years: Cars
Pray for the People who Lost their jobs and cant find work
Are those the offerings from Matz next semester?
lol no, yo i actually just cooked pizza!!
Some people care too much ...I think it's called love
ok since I don't have your number the word in draw something is "latrine" ...I misread it as lantern, hence the drawing lol
We are looking for a full-time PHP developer to work on an exciting new project based in New Delhi. Starting ASAP! Email your CV to : sunil…
Your welcome!! We Love Nikka too!!!RT : Love me some Nikka Costa! Thanks for posting the vid.
Yes, at 75 Wall Street (Andaz Hotel)
My mom agrees!
red on top black on bottom. That's a good look :-P
Have a great day!
yes, currently compassionpitting it up.
Do you need a hype girl?
Have you tried our new Chocolate Peanut Butter toffee? So #yummy!
I'm curious on how much use it will get. I've had service frm Better World Club 4 yrs and never called. Easier to fix own flat.
Making 's Roasted Veg Turnovers. More labor intensive than anticipated but the smells coming from oven tell me it's worth it!
and I'm embarrassed I don't; we don't have cable. Lame!
i love the vídeo.
No doubt! MRT : Facebook too. RT You may never speak to a recruiter on Twitter but they may read your stream
I love him, of course I did. It took two minutes Haha.
#tyga is WACK! #pdx he won't come out like he's somebody.
I don't think people use the word "ruddy" enough! "He was a ruddy faced boy"
Word of advice: don't pull a muscle in your butt the week before you do an 8-hour hike in Patagonia, Chile
A true lady doesn't demand, she thanks. And a true man doesn't promise, he commits.
No prob. And you ROCK!
and dem are twitter followers she sold 1mill albums come on son u do da math my sister dnt like nicki but followers her
Awesome! RT : - the horf! (That's two-year-old for horse.)
Sometimes I wish I could force people to only speak in 140 characters.
go call her sarah! just call me Yashita!
My fav audiobook listener is on Twitter! Shannon, we spend a lot of time together & I enjoy every minute of it!
Too bad went to bed... Wanted to tweet her my tattoo... What a coincidence that the saying I got is in her song that I <3
At last nights Paul McCartney Concert at Yankee Stadium Paul joked “Who is this Derek Jeter guy? Somebody said he’s got more hits than me.”
Appreciate the mention! Thanks :)
Confirmation that is coming to the Feb.
Imma tie her to the bed and set this freaking house on fire
Gave up wine on weeknights for #lent. Need to rethink ways to unwind & decompress after these crazy work days!
I was a total victim btw
Mayweather still scary to me for askin pacman for a drug test when he wanted a fight..
What up guys woke up this morning and found a bowl of cereal next to me
Ging to miss satellite, This Could All Be Yours and Encores
Nice find, do u have any other track recommendations?
awww! Maybe next time :)
Simple shit cant be done by complex creatures.
Happy Mother's Day!
LATIN MUSIC WV | Comparsa's Eduardo Canelon has a vision for diversifying state's music scene. Group performs 5:00 p.m. today
Hope we play as much Femmes in MKE as they do Ramones at #FinReg Field. Also Mr. Met just misfired t-shirt cannon. At least Miller is union.
I couldn't tweet fast enough. this game has taken a weird turn
Who's cooler than #levilowrey? No one... Who's equally as cool as #levilowrey?
I somehow managed to get lost on my two mile commute to work this morning
WRITING MODE
RT : HNN #BornTooSoon Tweetchat May 3 , what do you want to know about preterm birth in limited resource settings?...
Solution to DC commuting complaints, drive to work at 3 am!
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!! ;) hell yeah
Thank you Any Pettitte. You pitched one hell of a career
new interview in 45 minutes. hell yeah!
Q1) Alternatives? Talking and sharing with each other without restrictions.
LOTR because epic times are needed.
Work sucks ass can't wait to leave, call text me hockey Thursday.
I know that my Redeemer lives, and at the last He will take His stand on earth. -Job 19:25
Whoot! Cherry blossom festival gig today @ 2pm! Excited as all get out!
WHAT CHANNEL?!
Filming today on the set of Troubled...
you're nuuuuumberr one!
It will come from another tower initially.
Haha, yes. Yes we do ... RT : I think you mean "sneak peek"
Ive been hanging out every night with different people every time. No more til Saturday. I'm can't party hard.
I'm starring @'s again. Sorry.
Yeah pretty embarresing especially after about every day and people know you never understand haha
in an alarming twist to watching the president (and Boehner - so frustrating), i find myself watching the bachelorette. #whoAREthesepeople?!
you stole that DRAMA line from me, i tweeted it days ago and you should have RTd from me ;)
is in the building Club Eve and we're in the back room!!! Ep release party
Havent tweeted in a while,biz is great, does anyone want to take over a 1st page of ALL of the search engines,im the guy u been lookn for
search to find new "social media boot camp" fan page. tre cool!
lol maybe they want you to be their everything and reality suck that they can't
Kelly#aspenideas don't make space so precious. Design it like kindergarten. You'll be surprised at the change of behavior.
I think I'm D Rose
valley view and twain. Behind the rio
Thanks for the follow Packer sister! :)
lol wow, i went to the movies tonight
RT": It's always the girls with no booty at ALL trying to twerk! ...like sit yo flat booty ass down somewhere!"
Oklahoma City. Please Don't Forget About Our $35 Vehicle Unlock Service. We Guarantee you won't find a cheaper price in town. 219-4612
in oder to make money with your blog, you are gonna need a lil help
My backyard gone be that spot this summer
just against Miami
May the fourth, The Avengers opening, Free Comic Book Day, Berkshire Shareholders meeting ... geekiest weekend of the year?
LoFrooooo! Would you be willing to follow me for 2.5 so I could ask you a favor! pweaaaseee!! =)
On Twitter, keep in mind you're a publisher. A tweet has the same legal issues as a blog post! #SocialMediaSuccessSummit 2012
Currently seeking a Freindly Guest Service Agent, Stop in and apply today!! 9760 Crosspoint Blvd Indianapolis, In 46256
RT : "Who does Facebook think you are?" Interesting to look at ads and wonder why they are there.
Was interested in getting particular LA producer's opinion on one of my screenplays. He requested it and has it in his possession right now.
I need a nap bad
Michele Cloonan is giving her farewell address to alumni.
It's all good in the hood.
Woo hoo! and I are on our way!
I can hear you saying this :) Thanks love!
Forgot how much I liked Elliott Smith
Just as we start to like Nick Hagadone....damn it.
Amen. RT Yahoo! Answers...a hive of scum and villainy (and misinformation).
Late 20s...I hope.. I wanna spoil those little munchkins lol :3
First swine flu case announced in Arizona. Sad. Time to discuss the topic with the kids now.
What are you girls up to tonight?
See you in New York City this evening!
Morning workout with felt so good!
Oh Oh Oh
When animals scratch their face, its the cutest thing ever. :)
you should visit my town just saying !
I wish! RT Any hopes of an #ABQ snow delay tomorrow?
Hey thanks for TM'ing the bachelor party last weekend! We all had a blast, plus you learned Black Jack!!
Fa real? : u gotta come get em!
nobody but Freddy himself and Adam should sing Queen
Okay, it was 3rd and 8. But, finally, a stop. Might be too late, but at this point, you gotta start somewhere.
questionable brad Pitt on a school night ?
You guys are awesome lets keep gainin more followers!!
its okay i deserved it i was being mean and anyways to just lay in bed and prob go to bed soon hbu?
Thanks for the re-tweet v nice.
Hey Carrie, Mikey says you aren't making it tonight to the game. What gives??? I'm very disappointed in you. =P
Okay tweeters chat with you later~BAMM.
A free pizza at Papa Johns? Hell yeah!
WANNA GO BACK TO HOUSTON
Possibly, but it may also be giving in.
I love that song! We watch Schoolhouse Rock regularly at my house
Any Philly Union members on? Looking for recommendation on restaurant near PPL Park.
lol never thought of it the way! Whackin it to someones pic is a compliment!
love inspiring our youth to follow their dreams!
hehe, I know that feeling :-)
Those that like to gossip... They don't really know shit..
Out on a thursday!!!!! No priscilla's till tuesday!!!!!!!! I'm having a staycation!!!!!! Lol
thank you aunt kimmie
once more, come see us at our residency, night 1 of 5 with at . see you soon, party people
We need a male and female #Model to participate in a coed wedding shoot. don't have to be married, jus open message for
Make sure you hear talk about engaging students thru social media: 10:45, M100I (downstairs)
Love my weekly light show brought to me by carson street. #tooearly #soboooootiful : )
I love and miss NYC in season - keep me posted! Would love to meet IRL!
I hate that feeling you get when you have an insanely good comeback... but its way after the argument.
I ain't positive, I'm definite
If only I could go to texas and make company <3
Thanks for following and happy Thursday!
Hello amy
Really pulling for no golf playoff today. I really don't want to do any rewrites.
I texted you back this morning! :) Sorry, I feel asleep at 9:21 exactly last night :P
Crazy girls waving their hands around.
My dreams used to be in my head if I opened my eyes they would disappear, now tho when I open my eyes they're still here
Have a safe trip.
Ok Judgy-McJudgerson. I haven't quite finished the website, business cards, etc so I was holding back on the big announcement.
See you all at the Hard Rock tonight for the Best of the City Party! We can't wait. It's going to be a blast.
I expect many of the "creative class" to move out of North Carolina w/ passage of an anti-gay marriage amendment. I won't visit there. Ever.
#singleladies Val got it right HA!
that's a good question for Lil Wayne.
I don't like Berkman.
Gr'ma just confessed that they told the kids the cat ran away when they were little. It really had been hit by a car.
RT : This new "Basics (remix)" record + is dope
Just got to the King-Riverside game. 20 minutes to tip off and already a packed house. Lets do this Generals!
#OWIF: The giant carp has broken harpoons and what looks to be bullet holes in its skin. It is also missing an eye.
dion should know my number by heart 😒
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
RT : Join other #Broncos fans in celebrating the team's 1st round #NFLDraft pick: Thursday at 5:30 at Downtown...
one of the best parts of the summer! ;)
Salmon and rice @ 9am.
tks for the site
Just heard taylor swifts new song.. Immediately obsessed!
its time for unity lets talk soon
Undergrad tells friend she will be in NY this weekend. "It's going to be 18degrees. What do you even do with your body when it's 18degrees?"
I'm going to have to break out my recorded live "Free Tibet" bootleg album this afternoon. It's been a while
RIDIN THRU THE CITY WIT MY HIGH BEAMS ON THINKIN IMA QUIT B4 I DIE DREAM ON! *ahha* held 4 RAN$UM muuuuaaaahh
great info on the fire, keep it coming!
Does Ryan Mathews have more fumbles than tds for his career? Just wondering.
All our athletes, coaches, etc. are held to a higher standard because they are role models.
cool - but maybe a better - but less marketable name would have been "digital graffiti"
Off to watch Penn in the CBI. Woo?
Apparently, I woke up on the wrong side of the bed 😒
bitch doesnt want to put out tf? -.-t
Hope so!
Im soo pissed at him right now I can't even.
have a BLAST in Florida! We'll miss you!
Did anyone check out the CNN video on film? Any thoughts to be shared?
One elbow and the man is back to being called Ron. "His mama named him Ron, I'mma call him Ron." So much for World Peace.
1000 FULL COLOR BUSINESS CARDS $25 www.lamediaprint.com
Still buzzing from the Mayweather fight!
Those smiling pigs on "Angry Birds" remind me of the laughing dog from "Duck Hunt." I get mad when I can't wipe off that silly grin!
yeah, technically that was a retweet of sorts. <3 thanks for sharing
I hope so and haha
Absolutely. I arrive on Tuesday evening but I hope to see you in Phoenix.
Second to last psych clinical is tomorrow.... If these next two weeks don't hurry the hell up I might end up a psych patient myself.
Interested in this answer too --> RT : Q6 How can you improve your client funnel?
Tuti's hair today>>>>
Just read that tonight is the series finale of #eastboud&down #wtf this must be changed!!!
There was fan that wore a shirt says "I LOVE KENNY", but when I looked the picture it was "JUSTIN BIEBER" lol.
because he is portraying the artistic child in all of us? :)
Follow Healthy Hair products people each and every friday were to pick up your hair samples at.
Omw to the beach with my daw Angel and Durruthy
No Problem
Taking a shit at the moment. One more minute before the clock hits eleven. Yaaaaaaaay
Thanks for the mention and so happy to hear you enjoyed the recipe! Patsy
#Giants great catch by Nick. Eli looks like he is on.
Sen. Rob Portman: CBO study said 70% of benefits of corporate tax reform would go to workers in the form of higher wages & benefits.
Message me Direct
Headid to warehouse drive sacto ...t bones b day show ..chernovan is loaded r u
yes please!! i've been missing Budapest now that warm weather is here...the city is so pretty in the spring!
no... but he exists
getting ready for the Packer Game!!! GO PACK GO
just got in. have a dinner tonight but would love to hook up tomorrow. How about you?
3 followers away from 300, let's do this
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love. - MLK Jr
Scared of what? A loss? I respect OKC. They're legit. Should be favored. LA will lose unless everyone plays their best ball.
so to
seattle light rail just put to shame. but then again, walking puts the dc metro to shame.
I've been really wanting one. I'm excited. How are you doing?
ugh bane :( good luck boo I'll miss you ! ❤
aw you wanna connect w me!
I have a final tomorrow I've probably studied about 45 minutes for.
Anyone have a December birthday? How do you feel about having a birthday around the holidays? How do you celebrate?
#WFUD12 Jaszi: can't count on an all-party consensus for (c); (c) owners have no incentive to deal in good faith.
So many great sessions at #erl12. Which one was your favorite?
That was sick!
Just returned from a wonderful Mother's Day celebration--a full day of wonderful stories, sharing and awe...
everyday is a new day that i get to keep loving you
Joseph Isaacs, biotech teacher at McKinley Tech HS in D.C.: Uses virtual labs to teach biotechnology-
I can imagine HS teachers 100 years ago complaining about the expense of students getting pens...iPads are the new pens!
I'll come after my shower be back soon!
well. Intended to. But and aren't responding so I assume they aren't going.
Hey! Nope. Visiting in July and moving August 1.
He is the wind beneath my wings, I am flying high!
TRUST & BELIEVE!!!!!
I see its calm now.
THANK YOU FOR INCLUDING ME, I APPRECIATE IT MORE THAN I COULD EXPLAIN.
oh hey look. I'm not alone here. RT : I just had a full blown conversation with my cat. I'm perfectly normal...
Hello Ariana, how was your day so far? Hope it was as wonderful as you are. :3
awesome that you had so much fun with our app!! Thanks for sharing. Should see vids later tonight - check www.iokikaraoke.com
You did Michael proud :3
That's a good one!!! I'd bid on that too....but it would have to be against and I would wear RED!
You're not your job. You're not how much money you have in the bank. You're not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet.
"Seasons in the Sun," "Theme from Billy Jack (One Tin Soldier), the list is endless.
thanks for the follow! :)
Anyone have good following directions activities for adolescents/young adults with MR?
We had a lovely holiday party last night. May you and yours be doing something of a similar fashion, at a similar date.
Obama won 2008 in large part bc of young people, and guess what young people support? Marriage equality.
What are you taliking about. KJI is Chris Paul and scored a perfect game the last time he was on the hardwood!
haha that's your opinion bo. New song #np big krit money on the floor.
Good Night &God Bless.
that sucks D:
Great day of mtgs w/ folks,police&fire pensioners, #Children'sDefenseFund , #Fairhaven homeowners, now on to my #VFW posts
Halo then home. :) shower swag
Thnx for the follow, I pray you accomplish anything you set out to accomplish...
hi. Can u please follow me? (:
The White Mamba just scored and blocked a shot! The Bulls are BALLING without D.Rose!
“Man is free at the instant he wants to be.”―Voltaire
I don't expect that ... I text people first sometimes ! But I mention you on twitter & nothing just ignored -.-
Time for #OUaT :)
Sick still in bed watching Pink Panther
neither. I would miss you if you left Jane
Stave converts the third down with a long pass to Kenzel Doe. Nice throw.
Love you RT : it just needs to be summer, so I can get away from all this bullshit &amp; be with Harrison &amp; Kena all the time
lol...alright I'll stop...for awhile
Just closed about 32 running apps and thought of you
tired AF, I just wanna sleep again 💤
May 13th! Can't wait. We should catch up over drinks when you have some free time!
Feeling better
OMG Pete doesn't come to the reunion ... that's it!
maybe the following weekend.
&& He Was Sayn Bring It Back . Lbvfs .
" I hate bullshiters ! "
Glad you're having a good time...that's important!
Goodnight everyone. When I wake up I expect to have about 100 followers! #Make it happen!
sweet! See ya there!
Hell yeah
on the other hand, i think most people are slightly better off putting off marriage and children in general
Manmohan Singh - A World Bank/IMF Agent Exposed - 1
Have you ladies heard her on the "Chess in Concert" live recording w/ ? Amazing!
Yikes! What a mess.
BCS So called National Title Game........BS.....who cares?
I've found Jesus. He was behind the sofa the whole time.
I think I'm addicted to #vitamin gummies.. Can someone please tell me if this is an issue or not?
can't find pic
I don't want to say "I told you so", and I don't want to speak too soon, but look outside! Is that sun?!
You are having awesome luck with these blind dates, no? Blue moon? Karaoke night part II?
PIERRE Just landed #Franklin Park on a beautiful day!!
Quick reminder! The address for the show from The Elb is 920 NOT 720. Hope to see you all there! <3
Spoke to a great group of business people on Getting the Edge in business w/ Social Marketing at #ThenextLevelWorkshop event in Independence
To all you bass players out there!! I am still searching for the type of strings to use on my bass... What do you use and why?
“: "True Blood" filmed at a home in L.A. Wed-Fri. This week their filming at 2 homes (mid-week) in Hancock Park.”
Passed out @ the Nitty when & got their food, re-awoke when they were paying the bill.
Favorite tweet of the day.
Way to play. Let the haters hate.
nice! Enjoy your run :)
Pacers are a very intriguing team. They are put together well.
today's favorite website is www.hulu.com to watch bob's burgers. that is all. #bob'sburgers
"It wasn't over for me... and it still isn't over." Omg it never gets old. Best movie line.
Wanted to take anatomy. Then I saw it was at 8am.
I should have known that!
what did you think of Livestrong Sporting Park?
wish I didn't work or I'd come down & chill. Have fun
Ha! Well that makes me feel a little less silly now. At least I'm not the only one! :)
This Red Sox movie makes me ill
Serving...only 3 more years!
Waiting for Mr. B. Aka our oldest El to get out of school today. After school we're doing a family project and dancing.
I was about to say Jordan let Duncan punch his shit then he "monkey dunked" that shit like WHOA!
I told that bitch to hurry up... Or she ain't getn no tip.
Favorite moments: Enjoying great musicians on week nights at small venues - no fuss, just awesomeness.
follow the new film Prod Club member is directing:
Congratulations to my friends at EraGen: : Madison biotech will be purchased by publicly traded Luminex, of Austin, Texas
Chloe Moretz her birthday is soon 2-10-12 she will be 15 anyone who is a big fan of her follow me or tweet me so i know ok yeh chloe
There ya go Lebron
"People in the NW don't want to talk about insurance, they want to talk about the neighbors."
A big FU to that teacher that gives a test on a monday.
No worries : D
Toyota tops GM in global vehicle sales in Q1 Toyota, the world's largest automaker from 2008 to 2010, sold the most cars and trucks globa
That plus a tabbouleh made with quinoa = a win.
Grandma's Boy was a great stoner movie n I don't even smoke lol
RT : Loren: Why "orphans"? These works are "hostages." Term prompts requisite action to liberate
I think we need to have a talk:)
RIDING SOLO IA M RIDING SOLO!!!!!!!!:0 YEAH
are you listening to on the radio?
Wow, you're amazing!
That one’s pretty awesome, but I’d argue that my example exudes joy and is thus clearly superior.
I really wish I were back in Cali today.
For additional weight I used to have my Son ride a drag pulled by my car when preparing the Ballfield for practice. Child endangerment HUH
sounds like you owe your DVR for saving you from like 10 hours of your life you would never get back.
Good Morning indeed xo
been watching that thread. The mods have their hands full.
Great hashtag today!!
": Man Vernon Davis Fast!" Faster than you ?
#ThingsThatILike people getting help to keep and sell homes :)
For the most part we have had a mild winter. Who has been enjoying the mild winter and who wants more snow?
Newp, I don't have it either. :)
What a great day to live in the city:)! new yorkers know what i'm talkin' bout...
i wish friday was the last day of school, but its not :(
Mike Cruz is a talented wrestler. Saw a match he had against Low Ki down in Florida.
The woman from the "secret service sex scandal" :COLOMBIAN BOMB !!!
how about "Parents try to Re-capture Youth" ?
Brother Maynard, consult the Book of Armaments.
great Huh representation last night. Sorry for running you over on the way to the bar, next time I will bring one back for you
Thank you!
trailer for 59th Hunger Games series, not the film.
HAHAHAHA WE SHOULD RECORD THAT SONG WILL BE MILLIONARS.
That moment when your crying during a sad movie and someone sees you crying and you act like you weren't (:
what bout' turkey bacon.. I've never had it but it seems cool .
- yes, they sure did! Re: Bolts get lucky on Ingram dropping to them
would you believe i went in there with brett for 3 hours and left with nothing?
If yo girl cheated on u cuz she thought that u was cheating on her when u never was........Follow me,n I'll follow u
yea she did a few months ago. My username was different at the time♥
#iHATE when you fry Chicken and your house still smell like chicken 3hrs later!
Theres just somthing about the Clean up spot! it gives me powers!
Another cool festival acceptance today, which I'll announce shortly!
Just because the stars come, doesn't mean you are one.
Lots of fist pumping in the living room after finding out my Flaming Lips vinyl was so psychedelic, AND signed.
I do not. Great album though.
No there is no limit! Send as many as you would like! Also recommend to friends so they can submit #videos as well!
Just got home from work bout to play fifa12
Both my mom & my sister have a big butt.. & then I'm there with nothing.
Just. Went. HAM.
Need help with designing your place, come in and talk with our in-house Interior Decorator for some great ideas!!!
RT Take the time to say the things that are in Your heart while You have the chance.
Steve Irvine goes after
Church with all my hotties.
#Watching the Texas Rangers vs Baltimore Orioles game.
You have a great day too!
Sometimes u have to let the dominos fall and see where they leed you
Me too! Although I'm more a baker than cook, I prefer classic Top Chef to Just Desserts RT So excited Top Chef is back ton!
Screw waiting for WoW beta. I have the new Naruto game as an early birthday present from my parents. BYE.
Thanks for the follow
Today needs to hurry up. Good times await!
I appreciate yours too, toward all beings on the planet:).
At the deer lease with
no they are spread out over a week, its for a guys 60th bday
San Francisco is even closer to Russia
Nice! Hadn't considered reading as a form of exercise, but I guess the brain is a muscle: Use it or lose it!
I emailed you re Golf Classic in Avondale. I'm excited for opportunity to work for Ace High & dazzle all involved!!!
I just did a google search for . Fifth result was for Cialis. Something you'd like to share, governor?
Is it weird that I enjoy being ahead on the new music curve? I actually enjoy recomending new stuff to people
When I think about the progress we as black people hav made in this country I see a billboard of Tyler Perry in drag speaking broken English
So my train just stopped suddenly, and the lights went off. Dementors!
but I still loves America guys
I reeeeaaaally like the beat on that new Khaled record.
Can you guys please spin and their new single "I'm Not A Gangsta"!? My friends and I love that song!
He's wearing the chain and padlock. Oh dang. Bringing the old school back. Digging it.
Uncertainty still clouds future of EU biodiesel
i love you please say hi :]
We are looking for videographers to capture zombies at the "start line". Please email me if you can help out!
I'm tryna do as less work as I can today lol
I hate when little middle school girls complain about not having boyfriends. You haven't even hit puberty yet, kiddo.
Raised by Wolves, Trial by Fire, then I believe it will be Taken by Storm. Can't wait! <3
I do both of those things. Im just good like dat. RT : Liking your own Facebook status is like high fiving yourself in public.
currently? he is. and no, I will not kick rocks.
I love the way you hold me, so close to your heart. I'm going to explode! #ILoveYou. <3
Hey bro
Attention Followers! Our Website has Officially Launched! www.fivepointsusa.com . Check us out and let us know what you think!
u r so talented!! Keep doing what u luv! Te amo!
include #amst7100, please.
yes! Ppl overreacted cause they dont want austin dating. Hes not gonna be single 4 ever. No need to hate
Just set the land speed record for getting home.
I'm dying of heat stroke in here
yeah, I've been here for a month though, that's a pretty decent amount of time.
#ihatewhenmyparents snoop through my texts. if i wanted you to hear what im saying, id talk on the phone.
Sitting in a presentation with Marty Sklar and Jack Lindquist. Checking my pulse to make sure this is real.
That one looks nice, and it's pretty affordable... Do you have one?
Thanks Joseph! Let us know if we can point you towards anything specific.
We had dinner there last night. Did we meet?
best opener: you wanna be
Congrats to former client , who is part of ABC's new reality series, "The Big Time" - premiering Sat. Jan. 21 at 3pm (2pm CT)!
It takes the sea to put you 6 feet under happily underground.
It's definitely original! I love it!
All i have to say to dreamchasers 2 is WOW and i only listened to the intro
my condolesences to you and your family. I will keep your family in prayer during this difficult time. God Bless
The message: Even if we have to let the uninsured die, we MUST repeal "ObamaCare".
Dining: Our House in Davis doesn&#39;t live up to &#39;fine dining&#39; billing
sorry not sorry get it lol?
This would be on a wednesday!
here's your one chance STANLEY don't lemme down.... hahahah
R.I.P. #JohnPayton, civil rights legend/heavyweight/trailblazer, etc. We will abide by your legacy of equity and justice for all.
enjoy your day of celebration, probably the only one you'll have for Madrid. Visca Barça!
No locations planned for out that way yet but we are always looking to expand! Thanks for supporting The Lube!
If the #Caps hold on, then I will need new batteries in my radio. Going to be at Oriole Park on Saturday.
It's you two who'll make it chic... I'm just tagging along ;) xx
This cold rainy Oregon weather makes me want to just sleep.
Winer: Ultimate #Europeana goal: create jobs by providing open access to data
Austrian economists conduct polls differently
Heading to the 37th District Democrats' monthly meeting tonight!
yes but *I* may need that detail is the distinction I'm trying to draw.
Happy Friday everyone! What are your plans for the weekend?
:) I so did haha thanks
talkin to him makes me happy <3
Yes, camel takes awhile to love. Happy to hear it's growing on you!
Kiwifruit = disease free Chinese Goose egg. Also, drunk bitches are drawn to Vancouver...A couple of notes from last night.
Computer problems. Is my 6 yr old computer too old???!!!!
People make me smile :)
Lots of great new #discounts in Florida virtual offices from Davinci for #startup companies! Tweet me for details.
and are those people that walk around with lightsabers on this day
is gonna slap one particular ignorant, lazy, obese, wellfare abusing, lying moron if she doesn't shape up or ship out!
I humbly apologize had not read couple of ur tweets when sent couple of mine. Hope ur child gets help & self control he needs
I would agree with you agreeing fine gent...
how do u know;)
take a look at the backlink profiles of the sites in the top 10... spam everywhere. comment spam, hijacked blog spam, injected link spam
He who works hoping in God passes his days without worry.
why do people hate on aspiring models so badly? they need more mentors, and support
Ahlan wa sahlan -- welcome! Hope you enjoy your visit!
haha he deserves it
Least favorite dresses so far- Cate Blanchett and Nicole Kidman.
It was so scary like I didnt know where I was.
Show me what you got
I have no problem sharing, as long as its 50/50 I'm good
We should never let the uncertainty of where we have never been, allow us to comfortably remain where we are.
Wow that sucked- the #msy #tsa airport scanner didnt work for to flight
Having problems carrying a conversation? Keep in mind that everyone's favorite subject is themselves. Be comfortable allowing ppl to do that
It was a great event fo shizzle.
oh .__. sorry.
ewwww that's gross...don't catch any STD's!!
Just got my shirt from the mail!!!! It's so fucking awesome!!
"I heard you're looking for a gentlemen. Is it cool if he's Australian too?" #AngelsAndGentlemen berightback, dying! 
"Be Calm" kept me sane during a tough time so I am forever grateful for them and their music. and I'm a Nate stan...
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
ctfu, I like to see how other people be looking at him when they broadcasting
same to you!
Its the summer time, time to sit back and unwind #indoorpoolparty this thursday
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
now a cat done made 187 beats but called each one exclusive?
3 more days. Thank fcking goodness! Lol, if it was any longer I might not make it.. ahaha(;
Frighteningly, some people would.
one week from today my 16 year old son leaves on his trip of a lifetime! Cruise with his high school band!
*seething in jealousy*
I mean damn they got 3 of the best players in the league, and people still make excuses 4 them
Thank you so much! I owe you. I actually really owe you a lot of things for being such a great friend..Hmm.. ;)
Looking forward to visiting the Lambda Chis at #UMD tonight!
Whoever said money doesn't buy happiness clearly hasn't used that money for a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited.
& in the less evolved corners of pop culture, that means he's got three options. Tragic, treacherous or both.
Pssh kick rocks kiddo I got shit I'm Tryna do
Thanks! I'll definitely take a look for that one.
It's amazing how quickly your mood can change, how deep your heart can sink and how much one person can affect you.
: " thanks for ur help...ur awesome:D" Any time. I'm glad to help out a friend :-)
I should justt be heartless for ones..
what do you mean your favorite kids!?
Advice from DVD yoga lady: Focus your intention, but don't let it harden your mind.
Thanks for the follow-back
wooohooo you got this healthy eating! Tweet us when you need motivation!!!
Just went to the mall! :)
i submitted my video to u i hope u see it this time it wasn't picked last time
I don't like the weather if it's this hot now imagine summer
what is it called when my favorite ghost is named Casper but when people ask me I say Tasper?
Nighthawks block a 55-yard field goal, take over at their own 45. 19-19. Overtime.
Thanks brother.
so strange, lol. I guess if I rotate it, the other half of the ppl will see it straight but then u will see it sideways. :)
“Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind.”
Yall wing niggas will get hit wit the biscuit LOL
You think!
pls share outlook to gcal sync tips! Been trying to get that to work
I love me some #levilowrey on a Monday night
yeah but if we all do it ...
Mexican with
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXO !!!!!!!!
If it weren’t for the last minute, nothing would get done.
So, I am researching pedophilia for my script. Just reading about some of the reasons that these monsters use is making my flesh crawl!
Chilly Spring Game at Commonwealth Stadium
Busy in the lab today....printing and preparing for a photo shoot for a feature about us!
Some guy just did a magic trick on me! My mind =blown!
your website is looking better and better
Exciting to be starting work at on Monday, but I will miss all of my friends here at Gordon.
I feel lost...didn't even know Pacman Jones was still in the league!
I really appreciate it when funeral homes have the AC on. Just sayin'.
For the heck of it, watched B$M with 2D-3D conversion Felt like I was there for the awesomeness GREAT JOB
look at me tweetin away..
I follow some of the smartest people on the planet via social media. So explain to me why I'm still such a twit.
Don't be ridiculous. The only thing cats feel is scorn.
College >.< Lovely day thoooooo. :D.
Gotta go up to Harold Washington.....
I need to let youu go so i can move on w/ myy life ....
It Wont Be Long... #RnRMiLLi™
Realtors - Text marketing everywhere! www.zesmo.com
Thank you baby! :-)
Dave Obey on Gov. Walker recall: Keep your eyes on the prize, that's what I would urge everyone to do.
i'm gonna start a chest piece next!
lol sorry :(...I literally couldn't even text lol so bad...
yeah, but the most reason one was with like seniors or whatever. Like 2 years younger. Isn't that sad, of them
:) thanks for writing and sharing it!
So facebook actn up so now im juss on twitter wit it
what's up with the new profile pic? What are you in?
I'm feeling really good today.
Sometimes I read a tweet and realize my life is very, very good!
Upward Motion Personal Training’s Youtube channel features a wide variety of video’s covering the virtual exercise gamete
-After a crazy day of pulls and mayhem, this MADE my Day doll! hahaha, sometimes you just have to laugh :) xox
Are you speaking in Columbus, Ohio area? If so, would love to hear you speak.
'What can we do with our stories, but tell them?” Sena Jeter Naslund
Love me some Salt & Straw.
Oh, put baroque right in Pandora, immediately popped up some Telemann! Yes!
Cleaning the car out today
selling sodas by the gallon and not providing public bathrooms is a crime.
WOO good weekend :) and still 2 more days left!!
We also agree lunch & learns for social media channels is necessary. We're conducting ours this summer and we can't wait!
It wasn't our honor it was Although we are patriotic employers too.
I know right. Pure happiness when they won. Still need 10 more wins. This win felt pretty huge though.
LETS GET THIS STRAIGHT !!!! I LOVE UNICORNS !! lol
Unicorns are the most manly of mythical creatures
I still own him on the msoe bball court... RT : Wow. That's unexpected. RT : DJ Bizzon, #FTW! Club DJ of the Year!
at home chillin
He lies, She cries. He's not sorry but he apologizes. She complains, He doesnt change. But Yet, she still stays.
From where you are sitting, you are the centre of the Universe
I like the idea of you but I don't like you.
is a beast!!! This dude better win!!!
Q1: an array of fun colors including Aqua Blue, Cherry Blossom, Graphite
No one identifies him or herself as "the general public" so make sure you're segmenting your audience
Today is library day!
Chris Harnick: 'The Good Wife' Recap: From 'The Penalty Box' To The Dark Side
Thanks Keith! I also see the great things you do
Finding glitter all over me thanks to 
Become BOLD, it comes with many advantages.
What are you doing in the next hour? Relax Season Finale is going on now and we've got OPEN BAR 2-3pm!
An excellent New Year's resolution: Get an estate plan in place! You know you've been putting it off for way too long, come see me...
It would be nice if u called... butt that wont happen.
OH at the office: "what is a porn temple?"
today was a pretty good day [:
I cast my vote! | Kern-Photo
No day but today.
S/O to da new followers.... Join
gotcha! :-) sorry bout that
happy bday brother.
such bad wifi
Haven't seen a single thing for #NATO from Union Station to Michigan. Where is this ish?
Have you checked out deal on ???? Sounds m-amazing!
No. Only up the steep inclines. And I'm dying from a bunch of Stair runs yesterday too :/ Did I win yet?
is going to sneak off while the boyz play football. ill be back on in a while
YEA :) I'M DIGGIN THE NEW ONE!!!
On that grind.
I'm a big fan of the Q&As you do with various industry leaders, so informative.. not just for actors but for everyone else! :)
Much appreciated.
Watching an defendant testify in her own defense for asserting her right to freedom of speech. Shame on the State.
We're neighbors! #lovehighfalls!!
it might rain tonight.
Kinda surprised with some of the Tony nominations, not gonna lie but that Leading Actor in a Musical category is CUT THROAT!!
Just ran my last training run before the half marathon! Who's running/spectating?!!
getting ready to head out to New Orleans with
Hey Peter check us out stripped down 60's style r'n'r from Boston ya might dig !
but i MISS YOU GUYS, and hopefully i'll be baack for good soon! <3333
haha OMG. Im so having some on saturday!
If I read your book, Moon Tribe, will you sign my Kindle?
Too fun!
ENJOYIN THE END OF THIS YEAR THANK GOD ITS ALMOST OVER
Out with the old! In with the new! Happy New Year to All. As you grow into who you are to be I wish health, prosperity and success.
you have no idea & with blake its 20x worse lol !
Just started watching six feet under. Um, love it.
Wow talked to my cousin william.Hvnt seen him since 2004.Lots of shit.
at lucky buddah. these fuqen straight boys are hott as sh*t! this is weird 0.o
you're welcome :)
Waiting til half time so I can go get me something to eat
Great seeing you on the One Love Cruise after so long...blessings and continued success!!
let the bunnies rest in peace. We all know who the murder is.
Good thing I added "Wrongnumber Knucklehead" to my address book after the fifth time he called me Saturday. He continues his journey today.
I'm well. No mtgs scheduled today, but there's always a chance for impromptu ones.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
greece is over.
I've been tweet-jacked lol. I'm not done with twitter, I love it!
You're right, My apologies.
Or a reply. I'm just not
The Alb Co Public Schools Fine Arts Show at Fashion Square Mall: March 6 - 20.
alright bro. good luck with that. I've been trying for years hahaha
What a gorgeous morning!
"Go ask your mom!" "Not now, my mom isn't in a good mood."
Bitter... Cynical, table for 1
Will do. Always enjoy connecting on the human side!
Great idea! My students love to check what their classmates have created...
Did you see my tweet about Tom Cruise?!
RT RT Summer nights staying up till the sun comes up
We'll take him. RT : Is there a team that'll give Manny a shot? Teams wouldn't touch Bonds after '07 & he could still rake.
i wanted to be #Groupon #goods Becky but it's too long. We're both makin moves
Good morning everyone!
Lost Seth... Dammit...
Sadly, Sarah Jessica Parker didn't win the Kentucky Derby again this year.
now I have to tweet from my iPod so it makes me look cool.. Twitter for iPhone hahaha !
Does any1 know wat time the LMFAO concert is?:)
Must be a strong wine :-)
That's horrible officiating ..... You miss a foul and a travel on wade smh
"See the shot" the new AustinCarrism that will get ran into the ground.
The weather in Seattle is so choice.
thank u darlings!!!
My take on his piece was blog posts on issues in librarianship further our profession more than rants, trivia, & librarian fashion.
Would I go to hell if I broke my Lenten sacrifice? Because after a repeat of Monday I seriously need Happy Hour.
Thx for following edu_Marketing Ideas is a collaborative Twitter feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital marketing agency
Theres a man at this concert with one of those twirly mustaches :)
wait so are we doing something tomorrow too?
Best costume ive seen tonight: a hershey's bar and the money you could be saving with geico. (excuse me if im spelling that wrong)
See you soon!! Sign on when you can to help with planning please
Check out our beautiful friend on ! She is such an amazing talent.
I wish he knew how much I love him.
both great events. Two educating/inspiring events on same night=no bueno. Be on the look out for the next one!
RT Me and are the hairs of #packernation! Follow us and we will follow back!
It is biased of you to call it "Obama care". It is health care.
btw our nonprofit is going to NOLA in December.
Wow, #NF is very sexy, troooooooooooof
I'm going to *try* to watch the US/England World Cup match. Billions of people see something in it that I have missed so far. Wish me luck!
I'm looking for someone to interview for one of my sports mgmt grad classes. Interested in what you do. Have a few minutes?
DON'T MAKE THE VIDEO. NO
I think that a lot was weighted on the seven in a row, that added a bunch of pressure to coaches and players i didnt like the break
true story!
completely irrelevant but my friend saw some girl you was with and looked at her ass...we was like #Damn (Smokey v
seriously?!? Do I need to go? I can go now and be late. It starts at 6
always here to help. ;-)
Some pundits predict major publishing houses will gain control of e-books in 2012. Control is the key word. No one wants that. Go indie.
haha. Maybe so! I was just talking about you last night...were your ears burning? ;)
Atlanta Lawyers should go bowling tonight!
Np! <3 THIS IS GREAT! I COULDNT HAVE THOUGHT OF A BETTER PICTURE! GO TO MY PROFILE IT LOOKS AMAZING! :D
Just saw a yard sign that read "RECALL SANTA -I didn't get what I wanted"
Join us @ Big Wang's Hollywood tonight for $1 drinks! Respond to this and I'll send you a credit :)
“: Bet you feeling like a million bucks huh? :)”better believe it!!!! I could get massages every day!
Thanks for the ideas! More recon for ! After-mob Eats!
Just left my last class and I'm pumped about it
I get turned on when I find out that a guy is handy around the house.
Being in a constant state of learning
Spent all day at the mall yesterday and somehow I felt like I partied this morning so I couldn't wake up
I've been telling u this for almost 2 yrs
Somehow I own a Brown and Mathis jersey...
What kind of pants are these? I'd take a 1 syllable "damn" or even a "you look nice" from my husband
so is that who's saying bad things about me?
yeah I admit I got tears when sang a trophy fathers trophy son. <3
Pop Legend Whitney Houston Dies at 48
And now they don't call fouls? C'mon man!
LMBO...I know my sense of humor is horrible!
Don’t drop the ball on your holiday party! Call Jillian’s/Lucky Strike today for rates and party package information, at 617.437.0300
Jeffrey Blum, DISH, S Band mobile satellite best short-term option 4 #FCC to free spectrum for mobile. CLI symposium
A big thank you to Cincinnati for a wonderful St. Pat's Parade...now let's win some basketball games!
definitely. i wasn't thinking about year of learning code, more big picture helping catalogers evolve
really enjoyed your TED talk! --Brendan's friend who directed Mercury in Summer's 'She's Automatic' video.
oh yea. Great interview. And tons of work done while waiting for delayed flights!!!
Brother:is l.a in Hollywood Mommy:yes...............no Me:are you freaking serious
Still miserable about losing my bid for breakfast with Should have just sucked it up and pushed through.
Had to retweet this. OMG a word in due season. Thank you
Tryna get pieced up?
Happy Friday! Beautiful day in Venice today. Get up and get ur groove on!
and I spell your name gabby, cause I'm special Kay?:)
I miss u too !! Sowwy mommy and I could not come play today :( son!!!!
Wow, today is my last day in libraries! Good memories of lots of awesome people, now time for new adventures and new awesome people!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP7
Out of work then back at 5 to hostess. Shall be interesting.
Lmaooo so true!!
Whos all going ?
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.
But I don't wanna live that way Reading into every word you say You said that you could let it go
Future of DH Design: 3D printers that print with chocolate - I'm so there!
River North, South Loop, West Loop all like that. Gold Coast will keep its eccentricities, I hope.
: Oh, and I'm defrosting pizza dough. Sharing tasty inspiration. Go us! :)
Sometimes I wish my kids were animated rabbits named Max&Ruby. They never argue,parents leave them alone & nothing bad happens
Friend's daughter said to me: everyone here calls me princess. Me: yeah. That ok? Her: it's AWESOME.
Please help #KidsAreHeroes win $1000 from by simply RTing this tweet!
"I am grateful for all of my problems. After each one was overcome, I became stronger and more able to meet those that were still to...
Why is it, as a team, The Crew can't lay off the high cheese? See also Braun, Hart, Weeks.
I want you to do that talk too!
Ball didn't hit ground. So either way INT or fumble, cards win. Tuck rule didn't matter.
When and tweet each other>>>>
Sat in the country by myself and painted an on site landscape. Sometimes you have to make a bad painting before you make some good ones.
i love how no one on here will really understand this other than us && like 5 other people. love you sarah :)
does anyone have recommendations for a good front harness for #dogs #dogtraining?
Where does all this stuff come from? Decluttering, as usual. I dream in minimalism.
YES! THe best one is the Comeback Kid when they are @ the ice rink playing that song on loop!
amber is such a blonde i cant take it...
this home schooling and football things is not much fun anymore when ur hhome sick.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you have an excellent weekend!
Second chances do come your way. Like trains, they arrive and depart regularly. Recognizing the ones that matter is the trick.
Gunna eat my life away
#Milwaukee, as you start your day, If you could pick one song to blare and fire you up for the day what would it be? ...
I hate road courses myself.
Whitney houston died yesterday in her hotel RIP Whitney ur music will shine all over the world as it did with the artists before u!
There is still time to book a company picnic filled with golf, beer & bonding with your coworkers. Contact your fav property for more info!
The Rockets have 13 asts on 20 baskets. Impressive.
Darkness in the Night I’ll Find that Light for You As Long as I got Eyes I’ll have a Sight for You
yea i feel you, i take a 100 every semester to lighten the load
Sound waves travel through the air, it hits our ear drums but we also feel it on our skin and in our bones. Nina Wise
Let's keep This hot run going. Email me to get the last 4 picks on today's card for a free trial
thanks for the follow. :-)
The next event is this thursday from 12-130 at The Grill at The La Jolla Hotel! Rsvp to come!
you should add indiana to that list
Where did all of my rum go?! Did I make that many rum cakes?!
love you <3
Join the Cody Jasper and their other social sites! goo.gl/hO9uy
LOL hmm I'm trying to figure it out lol... hopefully I won't get too distracted -_-
I feel like I didn't even sleep last night
RT : Off to #mentor at Metropolitan Ministries Partnership School. #DoGood, #FeelGood. **Thank you for your service.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌙
Having lunch with and prepping for my Ancient Financial Crisis class. Today's prep: Immigration stress and the Roman economy.
Tonight at The Canal Club- Tribal Seeds, Through the Roots, Proverbial and Crucial Elements Doors @ 8
Beautiful Monday!!! #GrindTime#
(12:15pm) 66° in Port Washington and Watertown. Milwaukee currently at 65° Hit the pause button on the remote! Brittney Sager
this is my Twitter
Its about 2 go down Sunday nights tributes 2 #Nirvana #LedZeppelin #TheRamones & #SteelyDan details coming soon
No school for me, probably getting xrays :(
For beer commercials,
I'm pretty sure Fade Into You will never stop being amazing. I hear it the same way I did the first time. Just makes me wanna drop my pants.
shock and awe over how ladies are going crazy over #Missoni line at #Target... well at least I walked away unscathed and with a new frame ;)
do ur thing Bella!
Hey Warriors are you ready for this semester to start?!?!?!
thanks, glad to hear it. RT : Thanks for the follow. I'm quite giddy because of it.
Spending some QT unsubscribing my Mom from tons of real estate newsletters I know she didn't sign up for. Looking at you !
of course I just now see this lol....it was random since you disappeared for months
Both my boys wear simple medic alert ones- they leave them on ALL the time [except some surgeries & all MRIs!]
Big Band Caliente ticket giveaway, today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
Do you tell him you care more for him than he thinks? Or do you say nothing and quietly suffer heart break knowing he is with someone else?
Those tears I just had were happy tears (: Thank baby god for letting me get through this .
www.soundclick.com/biggcountrybkabeatmonsta check me out n let me kno wut u think
I'd rather work today than move 😣
Today plain out sucks.
Praying I get a good driving instructor for my test..
Our next basset hound will be named Napper Tandy.
#cnndebate okay, "cheerful" got a chuckle out of me
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
Shot! Shots! Shots! Don't forget to get your annual vaccination shots!
LIve tweet with us throughout the #NFL Draft
Our big bad radio show returns tomorrow with a special mystery guest, meaning we didn't book him/her yet. Don't miss it, he/she is AMAZING!
Ready for Christmas? Need to relax and browse gorgeous holiday decor @ 40% off..yes! On your mobile phone go to m.kupoz.com/tulipia
To be your friend was all I ever wanted; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed.
for now...
Swedish Meatballs>>>>>>>Spaghetti and meatballs
Im tryna go see that documentary movie at the Tara thats about the 'best sushi maker in the world' in japan, he's 82 an is in the subway
Anyone know or have a voice that sounds anything like Sam Elliot? If so, we would like you to perform on our NEW EP!!!! MESSAGE US!
Does that hashtag imply you are a fan of crappy movies starring Ron Perlman? Because man, do I have a title for you.
You're welcome!
#FF who i believe left #brooklyn for
you're welcome! thanks for stopping by!
“ The Connection Seven Nights To Rock ep - Beatles, Ramones. Ramones, Beatles.fight fair & no blows above the waist" <~ Thanks
The Sheraton Keauhou Bay Resort & Spa Sheraton is undergoing an extensive property renovation effective January 2012.
Phil is a beast. You're the belle of the ball!
Speaking of events, we just published our newest poetry anthology & would love to chat with you.
I would marry one but the convo I heard earlier
That's a good point, which I hadn't thought of before. Though this may be tricky for many 18th century documents!
Had a great weekend despite some UPS and downs I'm growing spiritually
Times like this when you wish you could go back in time and change everything.
S/o to for simplifying my life
Much love to parker who just turned six.
Bought some vinyl today, first time in a long while. welcome ECCENTRIC SOUL / The Capsoul Label 001, to the collection.
I am 38 on the East Coast.
can you guys go out today? :((((((((((((( let's go eat somewhere or something.
Thanks for sharing! Doesn't look like I can make it, but would love to be able to go if I could - looks like some great sessions.
I'm ready to swap lives for a week 85. C'mon brah!
SAVE 12% FOR ST.PATRICKS DAY! PROMO CODE STPAT!
I made one the other day, having previously felt the same way. It has all the local traffic and news accounts I follow.
What's happening Nice to meet you!
Like Bored Someone Message Me!
Heading to happy hour with Maybe we'll find a roof top to enjoy?!
I DON'T KISS ASS!
ovens are off; sun is out; breeze is unbelievable for DC in June; heading to get coyote and to have some fun!
But isn't he getting married again soon?
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!💡
Mnot my chair not my problem, that's what I say.
#Samsung #Comedy #Horror #Suspense #Action #SciFi #Musical (one crazy movie)
$1 Ground Beef Tacos!!!
possible thunderstorm is building, how do i know? the dog is begging that we all hide in the closet with her.
Follow as they're on the cutting edge of workplace research. Awesome organization!!
Then how ima talk to you ?
Saw Makropulos Case last night. It was pretty great! Mattila was stunning. Hope you're breathing easier.
Become part of something bigger than a health club. Join a health movement! And when you join the Y before January 31 you pay no join fee!
no but all my ex's are there (in my george str8 voice) lmao
Way too bored. I would go for a walk if it wasn't FREEZING out.
Happy mothers day everyone. All you give a big smooch on your moms cheek for me.
I need my glasses to find my glasses.
RT : Can a satisfying career & sustainable lifestyle co-exist? Find out how! Treat yourself to KISSpdx.com May 21-22.
What up boy u good
Everyone follow cuz she needs more followers stat! please RT
Hey sexi what's up? ;)
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood...
win today = √ win tonight = HOPING!
Today turned out well<3
Two weeks at Toyota and they already handed over the keys to a new Camry for my first business trip tomorrow in Indy! Wish me luck!
Delaney- They shouldnt call them Jaylor, they should call them toe! :D
Looks like we (didn't) make it
Hope you are having a Happy Mother's Day!
Truly devastated that I won't be in Lexington when Turtle Man comes to the Delt house to film his new episode
