Brighter than sunshine - on a sunny Friday... here's to the freakin' weekend!
Happy Birthday Today to my awesome hubby!!! Love you tons <3 <3
be light
We're in a virtual tie for second in Indiana's 5th Congressional District according to a Wilson Perkins Allen Opinion Research (R) poll.
Wants you to marry her and meet her parents!(;
Mayne u Gotta treat em like that, if u wanna keep em motivated to earn they stripes.
Woman from Georgia comes forward 43 years after she says she was raped by her former stepfather in Polk County. She is speaking to media now
I love having fridays off of school (:
Catering to the Boomer Travel Style in Europe - a new post on Baby Boomers Traveling
About to go to cheer practice !!!
Stop Hatin On Even If She Dating Nick Or Not, She Did Nothing. FollowMeAna(: Hahahaaa
GM ...Friday is here and I'm going to enjoy it. I hope you do the same.
Much Love & Peace to you and your music man!
Sweet remix. If I were UW, I'd tell kids to go ... because if you tell them NOT to do something ... failure occurs.
My Best writings came out of a Broken Heart...I appreciate where I came from & i most definitely know where in headed. AMEN.
Damn she still ain't out... I'm sleepy shit. Lbvs
I believe God moves the most powerfully when nothing else matters in our lives but Jesus.
listening to music in the sun xx
See our earlier tweets for some RIA tasting-menu snapshots from last evening.
Whoop Dat Trick!!
Reading up on how to improve the comprehension of my ESL students.
I Love My Son nd My Bestfriend
LOL! Thanks, that's close to where I live, so it's a big help. I'm by Target and that street gets plowed a lot.
According to my dad 's smile is just as big and bright in person as it is on TV. And apparently he was really nice.
I love her tho (:
You can still enjoy the basketball games this weekend with a big slice of Sal's Pizza. Find your coupon in the paper today!
What a bright sunshine :))
Yes RT : YES! RT : "Man cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter." - James Garfield
Man, you really can't beat eating lunch at Jack Arnold's on 8th. Awesome meatloaf today!!
No electricity at the house and dying of boredom! There's only so much to read here! I'm running out of candles...
No #Astros game on TV? Bo...
you got that right!
Still rehearsing for upcoming shows... and maybe working on some new material ;)
RDA doesn't "clarify" anything. It merely piles on jargon to make it seem like it makes any damn sense.
show your card at any of our cafes and get a free size upgrade!
Original #DubStep ? #PeterGabriel song "My Head Sounds Like That" from 2002! wow...
Last day of
Glad to have a friend who knows about computers!!!!!
My plans never work out :( they're perfect in my head though...
Ive officially been to a Marine Corps base #CherryPoint NC, thanks to Amoore!!!!! Back in the Mitten now :/
what happened?
Here&#39;s to hoping the Philadelphia Eagles got this pick right
Yeah I'm on it but haven't decided if it's worth spending time to learn it, maybe today's chat will change my mind!
Can't stop won't stop we need to make it clear atop asking dumb question cause I'm still standin here
Who here makes the time/effort to meet face to face with ppl they want to work with?
thanks for the follow Jayme!
Woke up wit a puddle on my pillow
It'd be like Dennis doing his shitty clapping hands walking around thing.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all you MAMAS!!
hang in there girl you can do it!
Hahaha! Sure I will come jizz to the store with you hahaha
White Chicks
it's never too late.
Strengthen your mind and spirit for the journey which lie ahead of you..
Today's the day that are local phoenix boys will be on #carwarriors Make sure to tune in at 8 pm
#IMALEXSGIRL Ill be salty if im not (: YEE
It's awesome taking a 12.1 #megapixel image and turning it into a classic 60's style land camera photo.
Twitter randomly unfollowed you. Hope all is well, Elizabeth, and Freddie.
how did you memorize the speech?
RT Sadly, dreams for a San Francisco bay area world's fair in 2020 are dead. 2025 anyone?
we saw that and thought of you (in a good way). RT: Dilbert punchline today involves a "service monkey."
#ItsAmazingHow much shyt you did & I still got you.
I reaaaaallllyyyyy miss him!
Woke up to the smoke alarm low battery chirp. I know, #firstwoldproblems. Rise and shine.
can you hear me?? Just curious:)
#Jackie Robinson. A True American Hero
You all can #eat my boogers!
BA, "It has the feel of a spring training game." Oh you mean it sucks and you don't really want to watch but it's baseball so....
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken; A lifetime commitment for a pig.
I just finished a 2.69 mi run with a time of 30:26 with Nike+ GPS.
RAUL YOU ARE ON FIRE!!!!!!! HOLY SHIT #YANKEES HAHA HE DIDN'T HIT LIKE THIS IN PHILLY
First rule of fight club is, never talk about fight club. Second rule is.... :)
Make sure you vote for and on #DWTS tonight! #PackerPride :-)
B safe luv u more
#update this time the rental office DID NOT...REPEAT DID NOT wait 3.5 weeks to deposit my check. Ugh.
hello to you too! :D
Officially registered for the 2012 !
Headed to to get a pumpkin and for #mattroloff 's 50th birthday celebration.
#RCJH still love you guys! What a great year
I feel the same way.
#3WordsOfAdvice text her first
I really want to get to know you...
is this Friday and not a peep from
Fall is here but we still have great summer deals on Air Conditioners and Evaporative Coolers! There is no better time so save!
No!! In Milwaukee! What the hell? Where are you gonna be?
Shabat Shalom to everyone. May you all have a blessed and awesome weekend! C: <3
Betty White's Off Their Rockers will be returning on NBC in midseason. Love that Betty!
Yummy, I love brie!
wow u r so beautiful lol :)
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
I'm going to buy this...
"Truth" is nothing more than a popularity contest to the unworthy breed.
People tweeted song lyrics, hes not actually naked on the floor! Sheesh!!!
This pizza >>>
I think its time to let him know whats upp.
It's funny how somethings work out for better or worse. In this case I'm still deciding.
You would fat ass
had a great day at #recruitdc - great presentations - met many interesting people
highinthe_bIAIR not doing nothing anymore...
Its funny an older season ticket holder called Steve Homer's radio show and was talking about Rickie Week's inability to field to his left
snow there too?
that is hilarious and sad at the same time.
Brianna probably is sending them porn..
No! Bad Alex. You stop that.
Rocky IV never get old
Baltimore city people, come drum with me in Pigtown tomo. 1100 block of Ward st. 11am-2pm, they're advertising free massages!
Great field position here for the Hokies. Play now under review
Responded to FIRE @ 910 Sterlin Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11216. Red Cross auto update.
Hey jasmin just noticed u had a twitter O_O
Happy birthday courtnei.
We'll also be live tweeting during #dplawest . Stay tuned!
R.I.P to everyone who passed away in 9/11. <3
Congratulations, and welcome to the ROC! See you in the fall!
Begin somewhere. You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do. Liz Smith
You got that from TeenPosters right???
Yeah. I lost a lot of important files on
Follow or I'll kill you with a fork.
Why do u draw up a play for jennings? He's been off all night.
Hey! Tweeting! I feel like a baby bird.
GOOD MORNING! This Egg McMuffin is worth CAPS LOCK!
be there in 30 and have a margarita waiting for me please ;)
Debate at breakfast: does R, our 3 year old, swallow the water she swishes out her mouth with when brushing her teeth?
"Plucky little sisters, 1, 2, 3... lookin for adventure, you and me..."
Fired red in studio now!!
Creative Destruction = Creative Distraction
Senator McCain hammering Obama for taking credit for bin Laden killing - 'The thing about heroes, they don't brag.'
Watching pretty women :)
We saw two spotted owls on our walk in the park today, very cool!
This planet has a lot of beautiful people on it. But my Great Granny alwasys said "Pretty is Pretty does." so its what is on the
At my little cousins softball practice. 😘
Last chance to see my solo show at the R. Coury Fine Art Gallery in historic Savage Mill. Closing reception this Friday, August 21st, 6-8pm
I'm so sick of my "friends" lying to me and not inviting me anywhere. ugh. fjilhdglsuidhflguire
Nothing Sad Yo'?
bwahahaha! We were just talking about AG on the dispatch homegirl.
Everyone go follow she will follow you back!!:D
Open Systems is looking for a Sr. Recruiter for our Philadelphia location. Know anyone?
I am reading my twitter timeline!
#IHateToBreakItToYou but twitter will be done in at least 2 years. Especially if we keep up with these stupid trending topics.
he's the best villain ever
as a longtime fan of wiz #rollingpapers is disappointing..except "on my level" n "rooftop"
- OKC, I think. They look pretty scary.
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
sure follow back
you work today? I'll hook you up.
its the piercing thats on top of the skin ;)
she's horrible..after Chris Mann performed and she said "this is a real man that respects women" so uncalled for!
we're going to get you to 50k by your birthday :) follow me?
. saw the box score and was NOT happy about it. We are going to the ballpark in about 30!
it's not about who is real to your face it's about who stays real behind your back
oh sure, I'm all for plugins for it, but not into the core.
Gwinnett Tech. Do you have school now?
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
I'm adding Daniel Pink's "Drive" to my reading list!
Through rain, sleet, snow—and bioterror attack
Some might call it crazy or overboard. I call it determination and I'm not stopping at anything short of my dreams.
So happy to be off today and tomorrow
Any political party that pushes Latinos away will be the permanent minority party in this country.
religion class #KindaMissingOldSchedule!!! :(
I love my crazy, goofy, stupid, gorgeous, weird, lame, socially challenged friends. -
Stupid ass EVO
likewise! Love making new friends.
hahahahaha. there are so many lines from that, I don't even know what to say.
I'm not even trying and I see the yelp icon twice, as well as both flipboard and scrabble icons. Definitely poorly executed :(
And daily reports about the rain in Spain...
...and Ne-Yo did his thing as Jar Jar Binx
Thanks for the adds everybody!
the main site was taken down (:
The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame
and I are taking usual nonsense to Reno. Hope they are ready for us.
Can not seem to ever get a hold of a sales rep I have been trying to talk to someone for a week and all I get is a voicemail.
what's up?
Provisions are packed, and I've had an extra espresso. I think I'm ready for 6 hours of Wagner at 10am.
well no one is around me I'm all alone lol
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithTurkey Turkey dance:)
Naked Eye is one of best songs of the 90s! Will play it for 90s at 9 one of these nights. Digging through the "archives" now
RT : Ready to be home. BNA here we come! // I'm with ya!
FXFITVID Now has 495 followers! The 500th follower will get a big Shout-Out!
thanks for re tweet :)
Dawg... My palms are sweating
yay algebra.. not
Thanks for the RT on the Pay-triotism article! Much appreciated!
Follow my journey to Mrs. Oklahoma International! New website coming soon! www.facebook.com/TheSherriStewart
why you got to do this to me now!!!!! -_-
That was almost an awesome play.
You can ’t Burn on Facebook If you get enough burners together in a room, they will probably (A) throw a party that involves at least par
some of us have to get to our fortune 100 company to sell cheap Chinese sweatshop products.
watched Young Adult last night.... proves Diablo Cody can't write an ending to save her life. at least there was dranking involved
You should never have to self justify yourself to anybody, but you.
RT : Obeezy just slow-jammed the news with The Roots and walked off to Eric B. is President. *drops phone*
I don't care if he is or isn't but perception in the media many times is reality. LBJ became evil cuz of a "decision"
Try our Mardi Gras Jambalaya dog topped w/ house made jambalaya, w/ potato salad & chips for only $6 tonight! Le ze la bon ton roulette!
Might be setting up a kefir klass!
congrats on being the #1 comedy album Joey "coco" Diaz!!
Income Tax Acctg Sup. needed in Decatur, IL. Relo assistance. Must have exp calculating deferred taxes. email
I want a white one like Jennette! :]
hi im Karlton. I'm new to twitter. I love your show keeping up with the Kardashians
'The legacy you leave is the life you lead' -James Kouzes
Weather is Perfect
#youknowyourestoned when every taxi becomes a cop and every cop is a pizza delivery guy
you too! i aint doin shit tonight! im on call for work n shit and theres no more decibel! or my sidekick harry foreskin!
RT Maybe marrying my high school stat teacher wasn't a feasible life goal anyway. I'm happy for his engagement. Really.
doesn't your twitter account already serve that purpose?
Q10 What are some ways I can get to know my customers better?
Every month is Black History Month at the VSU Special Collections and Archives! Come by and visit!
ill see what I can do pimp
Fitch Downgrades RadioShack's IDR to 'B-'; Outlook Negative - MarketWatch (press release)
there's a shelf like to answering a Knock Knock joke. so that last one expired.
RT : ! what is your favorite #poetry image? Please reply and share this ? with your network
It is possible to put too many veggies in the risotto. Trust me on this
Yes, last night. I couldn't put it down.
He said was I pregnant
what happened ?!?!
Random question: did u ever find that video of us doing the pecha kucha? Trying 2 share w/ students for an event we're doing.
M..me too! “: I'd love for someone to make me funfetti cupcakes right now”
Not to be melodramatic, but if Tom Hanks & Rita Wilson ever split up, I'm out. Hear that, Rom? Don't let me down.
then come over already!
What's up Conroy? Thanks for the follow. I hope your skies are blue this weekend and you get a chance to ride!
So glad I stayed up for update
i love how you are yourself <3 and i love your music <3
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe
Only if he hasn't been to deGaulle. Ugh.
Yep, the flash on my iPhone almost always makes pictures worse. I usu. use the HDR; occasionally they're better.
Are the posters for URCAD or does IS have a separate research presentation event? We are in full URCAD-prep mode here at OIA.
shouldA went home when you went
Thank you for partnering with the #Masterspov this year! You are supporting aspiring & professional attendees worldwide!
you were so cool at the
Mia was in deep thought, so I asked her what she was thinkin about....her answer: Unicorns
Bass tracks tonight, the CD is coming along nicely.
I see the number 23 in the foreseeable future.
Idk how people say that me and look like twins, I'm like twice her size and weigh triple her weight :o
I'd say it's likely he's still booting up his original brain stem each morning.
- woa! So angry Mom isn't angry?
Anything by nickleback
Comedy audio www.freekshowradio.com Check it out!
follow!? I love you soo much! <3
nice piece!
Remember, the guards have been instructed/trained to react to photography, if there is a no-photo policy.
We are now hiring bridal consultants!! Visit our facebook page for more details.
I can't believe I let my father talk me into bringing me here.
Just read disturbing comment to NYT article- the arts, languages, & music = "extra curricular subjects, the soft subjects..." (?!)
My favorite is ":q!" followed by "mate ."
Im ON it
If no one has claimed this, I may know of a charity that would like to have it.
hey man, piss on all the doubters!! Keep your head up and come aboard The Big Blue Nation.. Go Big Blue!!
Just like the neural plasticity of the brain - repairing broken neuron pathways
gag me with a spoon tbh.
Is there #snow in the 7 day? RT #Indy temps drop to the low 20s tonight, but warm into the mid 40s Monday.
I love family time!
-______- I gotta pee. Dekaney I tell you
That's already done I pre-ordered it yesterday :) and you better be headed to New York soon!!!
Jeff Bi: Sustainable Forest Management as a value add to all stakeholders in consumer packaged goods. My $.02, Go FSC, ditch SFI.
getting a new scarf>>>>.....getting ur old one<<<<
If you are not happy here and now, you never will be.
Gibbons and Dowland are the most charming and best early story tellers through melody
Saw my first of year hummingbird and bat yesterday. It's summer, if they're back.
Tofu instead of brownies. At the gym to run intervals now. The math has to add up, right?
i loves you more then any person other then your family ever fucking will <3
we've got a mushroom soup today that is phenomenal with our popular pulled pork
follow us please? (:
"Nothing good happens before 11."-Jordan Hutchins
I think it went well... Eagerly awaiting my grades! Also I can't get over how beautiful VA is.
Our house on Sat morning: all adults & kids typing away on computers. (I am still working on coding transcrpts from our tutor interviews.)
And I thought I was only who knew how perfect that pandora station was for mowing grass!
Bob Probert RIP - the best enforcer ever!
walking past my uncle davids ♥♥
Yeah, NOT happening!
lmaoo my phone is messed up
Ladies, remind your man how handsome he is today. Let Him Know How Wonderful He Is In Everything That He Does. Motivate Hm To Greatness. ;*
Valentines Dinners For The 5pm Seating Are Available ~ Raw Four Course Menu With Live Lasagna and Choco Ganache www.budurl.com/BLValentines
If you love sports and stats, check out Just came across this site and I'm in heaven. Love this stuff!
We have free tix to our show this Fri at The Hangar Nola! Get at us
looking good today Peta!
what's wrong?!
cant wait to go back out on the road with the #ruthless tour! miss u!
Wow bryz is falling apart
Heading to BTW commencement - SO proud of grads & WFGM grantees: Girls Basketball Team Educational/Cultural Experience
I'm sad to see you leave :( what happend? Contijued success my dear!!!!
You forgot to list The West Wing as one of the top five tv shows!
Who wants to host a shoe or cereal drive for ? These are priority needs currently.
"There is a dinosaur behind us hatching." -LT
well, probably every day I get to spend with my nephew & the day my mom married my step-by-step dad. :-)
heyy follow me i will follow back
I have a new salsa recipe. can't wait to try it!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 31st, 10:30am "Aliens Love Underpants" What do Aliens Wear?- Make your own to take home.
Candlebox is an underrated band in my opinion!
sounds awesome! I have no idea yet!
Annie s moving to the velvet lounge at 9:30 to see grammar tomorrow? You don't say!
RT Samsung’s Galaxy Tab Revealed as One of Verizon’s Android Tablets: A few weeks ago, we caught wind of Verizon’s An
You going to be at the stu later? I'm coming by to rile up those ghosts.
Taking son to his first Alvin Ailey performance tonight. Hope he loves it as much as I do.
Hm, 76 out on March 14...prefect day for a plyo workout in the yard, and grilled burgers after!
True story RT : again bob! Murdered the streets on football news
My parents need to calm down, its barely 10 -__-
come to dc and hang with me we can go skateboarding
Ah im so happy jake thrupp fllowed me on twitter!!!
RT : World premiere in 3, 2... 1! As in, you're Number 1 in writer's I'd love to work with. Congrats!!
wtf o ya I'm all about conversation. I SUCK AT IT! I just skip that part and go to the next thing
killing it at whiskey chicks!!!
Try text marketing for your business. It's effective (10%-30% response), It's simple and it's inexpensive. www.zesmo.com
I want it all, but I know I don’t need it.
Merry Christmas car! You're gettin' new tires today!
haha (: you should do a pic (:
Check out www.woorank.com
Thanks so much for performing during Tin Pan South! All I can say is you seriously put on a GREAT show at the Hard Rock!
We can do without that one. RT : The term "Smokin' hot tax bill" appears to enter 2012 #mnleg lexicon.
lol yep them woman folk better get barefoot and in the kitchen. Get me a beer.
I've been swelling really bad lately, so it's getting hard to plan things lol... Rise Against? My ankles were like footballs!
Vol 2 of 's album is also really strong! So far I do like the studio sound and instrumentation of Vol 1 better overall.
Don't come back for me, don't come back at all.
Fun day today shoot was fun. Now tonight now #TheVoice has me for a little while...
Im Grace and Im the dreamer the believer.Commons album must hav thinkin music get it...
"The Golden Crown"
I've seen every single episode of and I could still pick your brain for hours, after I got past the hair of course
Lovely morning here in Miami, Florida. Smile, laugh and be kind to others, it's contagious.
Glad u liked it. I think you'll see some more videos with T as the talent coming soon :)
Carry on sucking then. RT : If I wanted deadlines, I'd get a job
And my computer has crashed and potentially lost my files that I needed for class! Are u fucking kidding me? FML! I hate this semester!
One loss...cant bear to watch MLB highlites tonite...tomorrow!
- Lucky to have such great crit partners! Worth their weight in gold for sure.
Work tonight in Boston and its game day!!! OH GOD please help me with all these red sox fans walkin around. -___-
RT : Heading to #Bedlam Baseball...but first a stop off at /Thanks for stopping!
yeah me too. lol
An impotant point I just thought of: "Chase your passion, but never stop enjoying your personal hobbies" We are everything that we do.
on my way to church, i hope the skit goes well!
I promise this is the last The Last of the Mohicans. Damn you, IFC, for playing great movies twice in a row.
Yes! Chicago has the highest gas prices in the country.
I've been flying nonstop past 2 yrs! Am a published writer in 7 countries! Would love 2 write 4 !
...and with lessened eyesight comes wisened foresight. :) happy fri my wise friend!
Women are like stars...only one can make your dreams come true!
Think of the most important moments in your past. Now, imagine yourself wearing a sombrero and serape during said moments
Happy birthday ! Miss you, kid.<3
Now this was a great game. Both teams played well. Nuggets came to play, but just didn't bring it all the way.
Absolutely not! Fear is the root of evil - both for the good it prevents you from doing, and the bad it compels you to do.
The Big Lebowski
We sadly had to cancel our slot on the 11/2 Beachland show, but thanks for the shout! Have a great show, love the EP.
T.J. Whatever his last name is is a faggot
thanks. i will give her a shout
No one north of the mason/dixon seems to think chicken & waffles sounds good... y'all need to get to Dame's Chicken & Waffles in Durham!
Girls that send out nudes around school .. You're not cute .. You're just a nasty little whore :)
I don't have any open foster homes; we aren't pulling any new dogs right now from any shelter. MADACC is the stray hold facility.
so many who are young / and eager fresh and valiant / will grow gray and wizened / after years of healing helping ...
My daughter prefers her dad & my son prefers me ❤❤❤ I love that
You should get a bidet or one of those japanese butt-cleaning toilet seats. They are awesome.
dude i'm just want to say.. i love u..
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.Herman Hesse.
maybe not an economist but def critiquing neo-liberal policies. Big fan but?
No if i sent the last text you text me first...
Great presentation on new #Facebook fan pages by Keith Thanks for bringing me!
you awready know!! I checked it out fam!! That track is sick!!
Wade aint on ish or the team
This #Shondanight is amazing! Greys + #Scandal + tacos + margaritas + great company = #winning +
I detect a hint of *sarcasm* #NY in the rain....
dang! I gotta get saving
It's not like that for alotta cats nowadays. They just throw out evrythng. The internet has changed that & so has our generation's attn span
Watching the #NFLDraft. These dudes' hairstyles are horrendous!
Fact. RT : you basically need a shower after eating any amount of fried chicken
stay frosty my friend
he is , i repented so much yesterday after this sermon i watched omgosh , i felt so far
hey can u follow me I just followed u relly want 50
103-88 Good Start #LAKERS!!! Way to go Bynum ...Triple double and tied record for most blocks in playoff game with 10. #lakeshow in effect
you are also such a pioneer...thank you for inspirting me, allowing me to cry and knowing it gets better.
Smart Discl Summit Fri. focuses on data gov collects from corps. about consumer mkts and how openness improves decisions and competition
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 34
haha thats what happened to me dawg! when i first moved back to vegas. thrown out of the house & fired for smoking in backyard
It looks smokey ! I like it :D
Left my iPod Touch at home. I feel like part of my brain is asleep. My iPad has all the same apps, but it's not as ubiquitous as a handheld.
vocab words : Basically; You know; For Us; Like; Uhm; Hi; Get Along Well; Massive.
There's a little moonlight dancing on the sand
Happiness is being trapped under your beautiful, sleeping child. I love staring at that little angel face. It's as magical now at age 9 as 1
it's true?!
Sublime's "What I got." Art or not?
I don't think the burns makes any difference. I lived in a nice burbs and the kids were extra cruel to me.
got me some red vines
oh okay :)
We should trade tales of our adventures, good suh. I am please to make your acquaintance.
just wanna love ya baby. U are a genius.
Jackie threw up all over my floor and idk what the hell happened to it after that lol
It was so boring. I took a test in history and i think i did bad..:/
Fallin asleep to the sound of the rain
Thank you! We wish you a great weekend as well!
Oliver Left Twisting in the Wind
This week's free Saturday Sips: George from pouring his new beer picks, including Dupont Saison. M. 2-4 p.m. Sat.
Both speakers think Joss Whedon's Cabin in the Woods does interesting stuff with tropes and stereotypes.
I wouldn't call it bad taste as much as I would bad juju...but I'm superstitious like that.
I Dont Got Time For Female Drama Its A Waste Of Time!
I got a 95 lol i took a really wide turn leaving the place
Watching a special on biography channel on Charles Manson...never ceases to captivate me, this freak. I cant believe this really happened
Thanks for the follow, Kali!
law and order, SO worth a slow morning start. I watched 6 in a row on the weekend!
I told you b4, ur not that Bright! I will need some refreshments after the workout ur Mother & I had, I will Post it online!
Hi Jim!
You are quick! watcha up to? We could use your help on a project. Office Phone # on our website: www.OregonTVfilm.Org
yes my shirt does today but not always. What's the difference between leggings and super right pants with no pockets?
Cheers, bro. Really excited to celebrate with you soon!
This Ucon vs ND basketball game is great! On ESPN !!
that's y I told u so u can get it
While backing into my parking spot today a spider decides to descend onto my head. Needless to say I almost wrecked.
Idk, when I heard it I decided it sounded similar to what you've been listening to lately
Why is this lunch table so awkward
Watching "Around the Horn" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery. - Harold Wilson
work 1 that one has dust, mud, & dirt all over so I don't think that would be a good idea another of the cars my dads going 2 B
I thought of that later. Perhaps Gallit_z will have to make you a member & then you should be able to sign in & edit the page. THX
That's wussup!
why you get quiet so quick B??
Thanks for spreading the word about my birthday. Rebecca Forstadt
whatcha going to nashville for bro?
The sharper the cheese is, the more flavor it has
funny?;O how? i know sorry puddin , next time!^.^
Bday breakfast at Grey Dog Cafe near Union Square with the boss and his lady.
I'm sure he (Chris Brown) can sing, but the question is: why doesn't he?? ": but he can sing."
Tune in tonight to watch President Obama, class of '83, give his State of the Union address...
so your deleting or no?!?!
Lord follow My New Page
You're very welcome. I've heard wonderful things about your dirty dog shampoo.
Inception may be my most favorite movie of all time
why are u at maliks house and he's not home?
I used to, but I deleted it. Maybe I'll make a new one tonight <3 What's yours?
whatever what we doin tomorrow punk?
thanks a lot!
My grocery has brie on sale. I pick up some and some puff pastry for an end of the semester celebration.
Warm thanks for the kind #mention !
You better go get some more beer! Drink one for me..or two!
He Already Know My Answer Anyway
How far can the Bulls get w/o Rose?
I'm done with my video script, now all I need is some new A batteries because my old ones just died. T.T
do we need special passes to get in to see big Bill tomorrow?
$1000 WEBSITE SPECIAL for first 20 people! Call (404)216-7101 for details! Happy Memorial Day!
The NFL draft? I'll pass.
don't interrupt minikeg Monday... On a Wednesday.
got it?
#nw "the roommate" this bitch is crazy!
It look like it might hurt to walk outside right now..
shoutout to a hot new friend
I'm in Detroit 4/4-4/9.... other than that let's get something on the books. Did Bob see Dad this trip?
There are (I'm sure) gay professional male athletes. If they speak openly it It would be huge. A collective fight against the stigma.
I see u and I can't think straight ❤
parsnips that are harvested after the first frost are sweeter than before....who knew?
-_- I could have went if SM would have told us earlier >_>
I love you! <3
fried onions & shredded turkey marinated w/lime juice & chipotle, & sharp cheddar cheese.
Algiers..I think
: If I wanted to hear about your boyfriend, I'd ask you about your boyfriend.
& thank you dearly for the signed album in the mail. Now, a studio sesh and coffee date will also do as my birthday present <3
Mizzou walked 11, hit 2, made 2 errors..and still beat Texas today! Horns left 18 on base..
I am so, so sorry to hear this. You and your family are definitely in my thoughts.
Assuming my download speed stays constant, that is... It's 55 GB worth of episodes!
hahah well i worked hard on it and i hope my other stories are just as good! Or better(: better would be nice
what? and diane and thibault are gonna get mad you know...
youre gay. im taking off fri night or sat morning, and id like to see you too BRAH. anthill? ill need a break at some point
I don't get how Romney has to do any convincing. If someone asks if you want to be VP, the answer isn't: "Nah, I like my job."
Four days ago, my Kindle got broken. Totally my fucking fault, too.
We know that is proud to see , another athlete, speaking at Priority's life after sports event ;)
What bothers you?.. "What bothers you the most is an indication of the problem you were created to solve."~ Mike Murdock
My back is killing me! This heat, I tell you.
is helping me fuck shit up so i don't throw my phone at a wall!
Thanks for the support with #GiveBIG rt:
Sometimes it is the Answers that need more Questioning then the Questions need Answering..
tried that..it doesnt work
I'd like to give a shout out 2 the girl from The Band Perry for finally brushing her hair. Now only if she could persuade her sisters too...
Katie knows how to behave at times. And she also knows how to get wild as well. Just my opinion.
Thank you!
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soup of the day are broccoli and tortilla. Sugar free Lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Thank you for your support! ;)
Buying Chinese spices in San Francisco's Chinatown. Then to japantown for sushi. yfrog.com/h4hcudmj
Just made a bet with myself... And lost. Guess I owe me $20!
Hell yeah
FAB. Organizations and people who are really making things happen for this city. :)
I wanna see that video!! :0 lol
RT : Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. ~Mother Teresa
Thanks for the follow :)
that's my nig K friz
Saints are rollin'....Let's go Bmore
Well Boston we finally got some Snow!
Oh, I get it-- p4v is a gambit to get you to use the command line. Well played, perforce.
it's for our PBK summer reading table- basically what will be on the PBK best seller lists for June-aug
really appreciate that, thank you!
. Discussing student field trip to repurposing facility for computer hardware. Students build their own repurposed tech?
Monthly pics in Bshu gear til graduation fine with me!
#ICantStandPeople who tell you to walk faster in the but when they get in front of you, they walk even slower than you were before. -_-
thanks, Stephen!
Thanks Karl... I'm loving life these days that's for sure :)
what about Monday? Day or evening?
At the end of a long day, having avocado-tomato toast and finally listening to the new Leonard Cohen record. Bliss.
Sam can pretend she's a servant at my house any time! ;-)
So you can tweet but not text
RT : I know some of y'all believe these rappers but hip hop ain't only about money. Far from it. Respect the art or depart.
you're welcome! <3
21 days of school
when are you joining us?
check your DM
yes! There are skulls!!!! Super easy to apply!
Done packing finally good night all God Bless!
it wd be great in survey, too. Love how the psych complexity and style develop, say, James and Wharton.
Can someone tell me how to delete old direct messages on twitter?
What a beautiful fix we are in now; peace has been declared.
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine? - Tupac Shakur
Conducting a survey on the streets of San Diego
What is everyone up to this evening?
Hibachi Steak is already on my mind!
I'm afraid my lack of math skillz is going to hurt me on this online Algorithms class. Good thing I have a smart wife to help me out. :)
This looks GREAT! I'm hungry.
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors, indiana stucco contractors, indiana eifs repair, indiana dryvit repair, indiana
I have not seen that! But I have trouble keeping things in multiple places. So, I keep my to do list on calendar.
Any Masters research opps left at ? interested in qual case studies on simultaneous nascent market formation and bm discovery
no doubt. I was poking at one arrowhead Dr and the cheapest team money can buy. Definitely makes me appreciate skc ownership
Is it working? RT : "Sorry you've hit your hourly usage limit. Try again soon" okay no prob *logs onto mobile.twitter.com*
#Florida leads #Vanderbilt 9-1 at the end of the first half.
I'm allergic to plums, I break out in a rash on my face when I eat them.. And I can't stop eating them.
Don't think so...it is more likely that he goes to work as a TV FB commentator.
Haven't seen one of these 🐛 In a while!!!
Bermudez drives in two with a base hit past the 2B and take a 4-3 lead.
If any STL fans still had hope for this game, maybe Kopitar's goal w/16 sec left in the 2nd did it for them. LA 4 STL 0 End of 2.
haha there's no escaping it! I'll embrace it and wipe away my tears with a moist towelette
I think I'm bout to twist up cuz
How my dads buying me a bottle of peach ciroc
RT if you love your fans ♥
You were AMAZING! Thanks for sharing-- if it's even possible I like you more than I already did.
I'm with you 100%!
Anyone else aiming to buy a Nike fuel tomorrow? Get in touch.
ah so more than friend/sibling way?
Just started a Run. 68 °F, 11mph S, 68%
Jerk chicken & oxtail wit
The fight is never ending. get peace when you're dead.
@ bronco... What a buncha f***in hillbillys.
Hey baby, I see that you have a twitter.....I also have a twitter....
Can't stop liking greasy creepy tall crazy men
You can never forget.
Haha talk about awkward!!
Twitter art: Keep tweets 120 characters or less to create room for retweeting
Right back atcha!
. shouts out livestream of summit....tune in!
Do right brain people's approach to achieving goals differ from those with left brain?
280 players signed up so far. 25 hours of registration left! Don't be late... after 9pm tomorrow, there's a late fee.
Im ready to eat already!
Steak Night is going great. I thank you. Doggie Style Hot Dogs the next 3 days. Band Sunday!!!!
Respiration is composed of two acts - first, inspiration, and then expectoration.
I am always amused at guys who talk to their Mothers with their Joint in their other hand
Just spent $10 on the jukebox at the bar and realized I could have bought a whole album on iTunes.
It's just pointless drivel--blowing up NYC. Blow some other city up for a change.
get ready for a takeover!
u suckk, can we please hang out? Now that ur going to be in the city and all
I've officially survived my first day of college
Health Reform Will Make Insurance, not health care, affordable for Nearly All Families.
Thought you might want to know, I tried your facebook button on Pinterest but it didint work at the time.
we can talk in like 5 mins in getting in the shower
I think you've said your last "Go Bears" for the season today.
I think I'll remove the thumb paint today after treatment. Which finger should I leave until the end?
The countdown begins LOL
i know it sucks that our whole life is working to pay bills it seems unfair
bored af....aw nd gatta hubby now...so now i filled in all my empty slots..#unsingle<3
o lol, where did you move to? I moved also, to Missouri
read twitter, google news and play draw something or words with friends.
well you should be plenty comfortable covering SVR!
NOOOOOOOOHHHH thats what keeps me awake in 5h period! D:
Interesting article by the tribune, but what would book title of Theo's last season be then? "THE TITANIC?!"
Thanks for the follow!
missed you in class and at brunch today!
ima kill you.
Let's see what bands are coming to florida.....
unreal again!!!!! Thank you x
Still savoring the Indian food...and the convo!
oh thanks cuz.....I kept seein it
was gifted a win in softball today(we played pretty bad but they played alot worse) oh well just another bit of less then useful information
Exactly. I imagine Star Wars tees are the most formal of all tees.
The class division on the plane makes me crazy!!!! First class sucks!!!:)
Bronx flow.
Wait, I thought she'd already come and gone...so to speak....
great place
wolf blitzer: "stand by for more on rick perry"... pun intended?
i agree with 's overall concept about BAM. but the real problem is the educational system; not the name.
Hate losers who follow you hoping you'll follow back and raise their numbers. I'm good with 3 followers, fuck off.
Found my coach rain boots in the attic... Wtf mom?
Of course.
Many times we pray and get answers but do not recognize the answer because it is not what we are looking for. Love and Light
yo thank for all the help today. Ima text u so lock me in.
RT : Happy World Theatre Day Chicago! Get out tonight and support your favorite arts organizations.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Family law services are a serious investment. Only invest in an attorney who you trust and respect.
How does Dan have one of our Wide Angle signs? I love those yellow guys.
ate you
never trust them walmart fish, you know how those conditions are 🐟🔫 its okay, his spirit will live on 5EVER
Austin needs the rain.
Looking through Facebook pictures and it's safe to say I have a fetish for kissing all my friends. I'm kissing more than I'm smiling 😘
Classes of my sophomore year finished!
RT : Have a blast! RT : Chefs Douglas Rodriguez n Aaron Sanchez hosting the "Salsa at Sea" event...
if u love cody simpson like me u should follow my other twitter :). i follow back on ALL accounts.
is 62 days away & the weight is still here! time 4 a big change...both for the race & health! #motivation followed by
Need a little bronze in your life? Monthly tanning available for $18.88
We are playing ash street at 9:30. Come out!
Okay, you just won an all expense paid trip to go anywhere in the world. Where would you go?
um on one tree hill!!! Haha
#NP I Don't Wanna Dance - Hey Monday
Thanks Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Gary Karton is a political speechwriter. Did he write Clinton's tortuous 1988 DNC speech or Buchanan's awful '92 RNC speech?
Melatonin is my new favorite "supplement". Out like a granny panty and sweatsuit-wearing lamp.
LOL i know ;*
Listening to K'Naan- In The Beginning. Immediately reminds me of you
If tomorrow wasn't promised, what would you give for today?
I'm happy to hear that. You're almost done with high school! I'm ready for you to come home!
i cant hoop bro my girl is sick right now.. My bad
interesting. Looking forward to that.
lame! I just got to new York and was hoping I might see you this weekend!
Having a heart to heart with my mom about family stuff
Zach is behind the stick tonight! Come and see what he's playing with for the new menu!
So glad you enjoyed your time at the top of the Space Needle! Come back soon!
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO got damn, man.
Jet fans ecstatic after the man responsible for drafting Vernon Gholston and Mark Sanchez is reportedly leaving the Jets for Oakland.
11th hole at Gross National Golf Club, 5 over, pretty much sucking... Lol
it's hard to stop swearing.
Lake Show. Artest going HARD. Mamba playing too smart. Game 7 celebration imminent
Why are you telling us *where* they are instead of *what* is happening?
anybody wanna join? my boys need ladies!
Symantec Confirms 'Segment' of Source Code Was Stolen
a brilliant lady to
two prewired surface mount leds I bought hooked to my subwoofer so that they pulse when the sub hits, led GU10 light bulb is alright?
off to the Bay Area!
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
freeresortbeach.info New Post - Wh.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center><h1>410
feel free to share your leftovers :)
- Cute and Funny!
apparently not the #Sixers fans who were chanting "ACL, ACL" when Noah hit the pine last Friday night. #NoneTooProud of my city
My mom is excited about possibly spending Mother's Day at a Spurs game :)
Watching Hes just not that into you(;
What's his topic? And why is he coming down on pathology?!
Hello - thanks for the follow. Cheers, Carl.
Day off to a great start strong black #coffee and watching - Good morning fellow #uppers !
#youknowudirty when u gotta go in somebody house and take ur shoes off and u say I'm a wait in the car HAHA
Johnny DiLoretto talking with the Grinch this morning!
..Sometimes there's nothing better then beeing out of a relationship !
Does sniffing a bunch of glue impair your ability to drive? Asking for a friend...who is sitting in my passenger seat and is terrified.
You tryna call me out?! (because you're right......)
so when does he start? :)
I don't know. It's really not used anymore. Everything is styled in CSS now. I used that years ago. :)
oops. it's fixed now. you should be able to get online
Welcome to ATSU news on Twitter. Now you're in-the-know.
Pathetic? I think you meant to type awesome.
Interview with Clintonville City Admin Lisa Kuss on Mystery Booms - April 5 2012 - cement truck
How were you feeling the next morning'? That has the BG'S written all over it!
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.”
nigga who have u ever beat I blow u out Everytime ez lol
Shout out to ! She's almost at 15.8k followers!
breastfeeding very hot topic, especially at moment. Sending you peace and strength over this controversial time.
#RT “If the money is the only motivation for you, then you can’t succeed. Put your love in the #business.”
What's your favorite way to fundraise? RT : I wish my animal rescue had more money. Waaah. I need to help fundraise.
oh and I love your purses! are there any vegan ones?
well that's great news and thank for your continued concern and support, sweet friend <3 let's make more music some day!
How does a company "do good" 4 customers? What do customers want from companies? Do u want Coke 2 tell u 2 brush ur teeth?
I Want One About Logan!^_^ <3
MT : Unlike Walker, Barrett appears in public. D's in LaCrosse, EauClaire & at Osseo's Norske Nook.
so glad to meet you and great that you like too
: RT : This mixtape #wanted is really good. Good job
your welcome ;)
You are just so wonderful! Thanks.
RT : when I was at pawn shops selling my dead mom's wedding ring to get money for food.. I had no idea. IMAGINE ME. imagine you
Dang #BBN is out in full force tonight. That's unbeleiveable.
: when is the next Toros game?
Aye, same here man, both in good times and bad! Keep your head held high man, eventually this country will change for good.
Hey! The scores/ standings are up from Saturday. www.gokickball.com/columbus
Are the people on Doomsday Preppers real? Is this a real reality TV show or is it like Jersey Shore?
basically the same + school lol I'm leaving from down towards your city at the moment
thanks much. i'll let you know if more specific questions arise.
Mantra of the day: I will not think about the stolen hour of sleep. (suck it up buttercup)
My phone is being bombed with tweet texts from lol cool. :D
Let's drink 2 this! 2 billion more people worldwide now have access 2 clean #water as #MDG - Millennium Development Goal - is met.
I am so full
it's the calm before the storm.
I just watched a paralyzed girl use a new exoskeleton to stand up and walk with braces.
Its time for the 9 o clock hit mix with DJ Grooves. Tune in to 98.9 radio now
hell yea <3
Big Sunday Funday ahead of us tonight at STUDIO PARIS!
Badgers still alive. Whitney Massey with an RBI double pulls UW within 7-5 of Michigan in the bottom of the 7th.
Probably early June 2013
what's up coy I'm good man. How you doin
The wonders of mondern medicine leave me wanting.
manifest rouge destiny j
thanks for asking!
Not yet, but for now you can pause a program on Friday to start back up on Monday.
well let's make that move then ha
Titans have to take Courtney Upshaw, don't they? Who knows.
A ton of insider selling going on at CMG Chipolte. Stock could be near the top, time to short...
At least I gt backup plans....but it kinda hurts too lose ya main option
Forgot I didn't have blonde hair anymore this morning.
is understanding it part of info lit, or is info lit just knowing how to evaluate/use/find info? or citation?
I got boyee ;)
I haven't really heard all of it lol. just knowing the wiz khalifa part threw me off. Gonna listen now
This place is hell. I don't want to sell cell phones anymore. Need a change!
Keep #calm and carry on.
I have not had discussions with either of them since before my election over last year
... but the pictures (and the navigation bar) into a folder. Everything else works. Must investigate more today; first time I've
Doing a Cash Mob turned out to be one of the best things that I have done in 58 years on this Earth!
Happy 78th anniversary to tavern- you do the Blue Moon name proud!
hohoho MVP... who could it be :)
well that ending sucked...
If you like to laugh and you're not following , then you're doing something wrong. Follow him!
screen it in Austin. World on a Wire, a previously unreleased title until recently is on their list of titles available.
Hey Dianna "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg"s JUICED UP single on youtube HELP!!! us gain more fans tell some friends THANKS...
We gotta expand...I think other cities are ready for us
#tweets #SocialChat Its also helped me think on my feet.. and fast!
aspirational goal #163: become listed in Wikipedia ...10 points!
Not Much Just Can't Sleep...Wbu?
I normally hate most hedge funds and would like to regulate most out of business. But not Tepper. He is good
hey bro, Brews+class=headdown or ditch Wednesday leading up to headache Thursday
All I ever wanted was you.
I *know*, what a ridiculous excuse!
What'd he say?
follow cause he's fucking hitler
Partner Leroy McGuirk hated crowd he had drawn for racist reasons. He wasn't alone. But Ladd and Watts saw green.
Listening to a 2yr old read (recite) Green Eggs and Ham. Kind of amazing.
Nope, not yet.
www.SeductiveDreamWear.com SEXY LINGERIE and MORE! LADIES YOU WILL LOVE IT. Check us out.
Yup What IS the current deal w/ mirror neurons? They exist, but not known how they work or help social interactions
Oh no way! Too cool ;o) & I love random thoughts
I'm trying to find your heart, but see #TheThingIs I don't care
Girls always want to see me without a hat on I don't get why
Listening Moon by Miku and looking at this beautiful moon, I wish I had a camera to take and upload a pic... ):
16 days to the #EmptyBowl - I am just so excited!
Gossip & tequila before we wonder the city to shoot.
good:) tired
#ArtFact – People have been #painting for the past 20,000 yrs, but it wasn't until 1880 that you could purchase ready mixed paints.
Spoke at the Golf Course Owners Association lunch in Cottage Grove, WI. Great group supporting tourism.
trying to butter me up again?
I THINK there might be a problem in Syria. I could be wrong though. BTW, glad to see China and Russia aren't running the show.
What a surprise- didnt see that coming! You?
I don't wanna get up or go to class
Domo, have you started Spring Ball yet?
I repeat myself when under stress. I repeat myself when under stress.
Alright...im out for the night. Tired gal...so ready to sleep. Hope everyone had a great day! Ps.48:14 ;)
You're welcome re:
And I will not be participating in tomorrow's National Straw Hat Day celebrations. Sorry, no.
oh ok. Thanks Eugene!
LOOOL THAT SHOULD NOT BE POSTED IN PUBLIC!!
If you control the mail, you control... INFORMATION
Tried to get a hold of you on facebook. I wrote a first person story of sibling abuse and how connected to bullying. Connect
haha. i love you alex (: haahahaha.
Soundchecking for the 2pm Bugle Boy show w/ Nicolette Good & Phoebe Hunt. Watch the live stream from your favorite chair!...
thanks for following :)
Merry Christmas to you, too. Tell the gang I said hey and I hope to be able to visit the Coast in 2012!
Hood General '$ the MIXTAPE IN THE STREETS hustlemane901on youtube check it out !
I think it's time for an Internet-intervention. Sometimes technology can cause more harm then good to ones own mind.
Awkward Is my Specialty.
i won't. I just had to let it out you know
take it easy, don't get pressured, yoga is not about pain. its about letting things happen
WHERE ARE MY SHADES???
is he good? lol.
haha ill tell u next time I see u in person ill be in twitter jail its so ridiculous
I did gluten free and dairy free for 30 days, it was a challenge but you feel great! Good luck :)
Also, I wonder how this wouldhave gone down pre-internet
something you've been looking for leaked today....
So happy it rained! I get home all weekend!
Me I haven't changed much u know how I play it better safe then sorry
I am now officially a "TWEATER" ......... is that correct?
Ladd, prayers for your Dad..
oh, you must be talking about that whole "life" thing. Best of luck!
A shake a day keeps the hunger and cravings away. TeamVic Matrix
what show are u watching? Let me recommend Phineas & Ferb, I luv it!
That explains it! RT : For #pdx pollen: moderate tree (oak, pine and ash) and moderate grass (all types).
Andy is 4th funniest on show. Get real
Are you going to May 16th? I'll be there shooting event.
Bryce Harper looks like a Klingon. What the hell is on his head?
Proof of Christopher Grimes' THE PORNOGRAPHERS on the way. Beautiful, delicious, sexy, hilarious, disturbing...
no audio, but video is working
$300 for new car keys. I need to be more responsible.
Mfers bogus as hell but it's all good. I'll find mines & mfers better not ask Jai for a mfin' thing Know that!
My 2 homies is chiefin on a blunt right now, and I only gotta smoke a bowl!!
I hate cleaning.
I miss you. The old you.. The new one sucks.
Shout out to you Ashley! #TeamBaylor #A21 -
ridiculous. We can be thunder buddies in my bed!!
Been outside tanning with my Mom for what seems like hours now. The sun is so addicting!
#wwhl andy I love the suit who are you wearing ?
Eattin' crow. Congrats to the Giants fans.
Feeling out of touch: what is RT? How did I miss this major communication transformation?
Even if you don't make TRUMPETER OF KRAKOW (great idea!) in time for this year, it's an annual film festival!
Every kid in America deserves to have a library in his pocket.
Whores Need To Be Put In Their Place. Its A Relationship of Two Not Three Slut.
People are so fake. You either hate me or you dont so make up your mind and stop talking shit behind my back and being nice to my face.
a battle free exposed...
Ersan takes the charge ... adding to league lead in that category.
yay I'm loved c;
David Gregory is a sorry ass excuse for a journalist
#20songsilove Let It Enfold You - Senses Fail
One more day. I want to be done, out for the summer. Pool, lake, books, languages, and sleep. Family coming in August!
It's possible to be vegan on exotic vacations & business trips! Sarah Taylor, Vegan in 30 Days. Per experience, I agree!
Three Stooges Sweatshirts Funny Curly NYUK Adult Sweat Shirts
#poker quote of the day: It can be argued that man’s instinct to gamble is the only reason he is still not a monkey up in the trees.
pls follow me back :D
atlanta with my best friend, sarah for soccer (:
In case you're wondering, I won :) I am an #M31000 Pitch Winner and 1 month away from being an M3 awarde. $1M in revenue in 18 months.
you cant stay? :(
Hey Robin! Thanks for following.
Who wants to buy a black 4g iPod Touch 32g?
lesson of the day: always have business cards even when you're in line for coffee.
Should have been a unicorn.
what is she talking about?
S/O to the birthday girl
damn man wtf? why is she being bougish !
Found earplugs, finally slept. Forgot how noisy this city can be.
Yes, there are some striking similarities there.
What do you think of our new #hookah product?
what's up brotha
Full moon tonight?
same here...m-th I be so basic then friday I put on jeans and a cute top and all the men come out.smh
just had dinner fine dining
Agreed! You should come to NEOUPA meeting on 20th. Lets meet up next week or so if your free.
Coming to #Rochester via the Philipson Group: #QRCodes for business in the East End. Be sure to check them out next time your downtown!!
Who's watching the Rose Bowl parade?
At AOLTravel and Gadling event in #Chicago!
-not trying to start shit or anything but how would the Boyz have lost when they had that many fans voting so many times-
Wife just told me she's having more contractions, it's time for baby # 3 to be here!
I better listen to that show.
I once called Crime Stoppers to double check if whether or not what I was about to do was a crime.
Why do we still observe Daylight Savings?
Everytime you do a project for Canadians, the terrorists win.
I accidentally fell asleep, sorry. :/
Reuniting with the dudes after a long weekend with their dad. Tackle hugs all around.
time to back up everything on my drive
Fortune cookies seriously predict my future.
thrilled by how much folks want to get involved! stay tuned... exciting things are afoot in storefronts downtown.
anyone pick up the new resident evil game? is it sick?
16k in #wsopchester Table just broke (we) and I hope to collect on my new table
Imagine if Dekker hit that shot at the Resch Center. It just wouldn't have been the same.
thanks for the shirt, bro. Great show!
If you leave me, please don't comfort me because each sewing has to meet stinging pain.
Going to scope out The Cell. Preparing for next week's Voice Over premiere.
Britain, in summary: RT : Just had a scotch egg on the bus.
When we let go of trying to get more of what we dont really need,we free up enormous amount of energy that has been tied up in the chase.
Watching Blade Runner. It's the 30th anniversary. I can't believe how good it still looks after 30 years.
Student Officer elections are TOMORROW night @ C4 after service!! Join our team!!
You're welcome! <3 you
Our Klout score on hoot suite is 38... is that good?
Give our support team a call at 202-686-9330.
#livetweeting #barcamp #atx all day at Black Sheep Lodge #oatx Tshirts have arrived, presentations under way
Ugh rey start these 7 projects .... lord give me the strength!
Responded to FIRE @ 199 Dartmouth Street, Hempstead, NY 11550. Red Cross auto update.
He was bigger than life & we celebrate his birthday in a big way. Feb 4th 7 pm Nemo's Detroit will host the 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
If your husband is the one who wants the divorce,you should NEVER beg or plead to get him to return.You give away your bargaining power.
Rosa, I'm am environmental specialist for teh federal goverment when i work from home i use my Lenovo for everything.
Would Florida let FSU in? I always thought that was an issue.
have a goodday at work n am I goin2view u2day
I kind of want chocolate now... #iHeartYouToo ...
I will stop for a Sammie next time.
still up w
Check us out every #Monday for our
Laying across bae lap while he rub my stomach my baby so loved it's all about Morgan now
Oh shit I thought that's what I put.
Its so easy to sing about drugs.
Lunch with the gang &
If you can make me blush when you call me beautiful, That's a GREAT sign.
no school time to make cupcakes yum.
"The Actor" a rare Picasso, torn by an unfortunate accident. Much buzz on repairs but nothing on the woman who tore it & repercussions.
... I loved the Success Strategies Call, and am looking forward to the Monday Mentoring Call.
we just returned from Caribbean cruise.we feel just like u did.we will never return,but support charities that attempt
Every time I have used irc, my question has been answered by some very helpful people. It can be the wild west in there, mostly very good.
China Business Networking - www.grassrootsnetworking.com/china.htm get connected for FREE with GrassRootsNetworking.com
Noticed you fell off my followers list. Would love to have you back! :) :) :)
Pretty psyched about checking out tonight for a biznez meeting. I hope the Jazz is as good as it once was.
watching martin lol funny
Why am I following Amanda Bynes on Twitter. Bi-winning?
are you gonna be in town tonight?
Thanks for the compliments Chuck! Glad you had a great time...Hope you can make it back next year!
its ard going to all these different places but what skool you going to ?
I rather leave you holding on than pushing me away
Watching the Muppets w/ my Scholars :)
i just finished reading your latest blog and i'm in tears....
I didn't know that "oil broker" was a euphemism for "Waffle House Employee"
Just had to say that you are the man, and you're playing for the Man. And that's what makes you great!
Kay ain't goin to daycare today I ain't got the heart to see the sad face this morning...plus his dad off
The boys being emotional in the video just proves that are just 5 normal people like all of us.
TOUCHDOWN #49ers wow didn't see this coming.
Bulls criticism - doesn't matter how good reg seas if fizzle in playoffs. I apply to LBJ, don't give me his stats, always fizzles at end!
I have accidently called 5 people today. Stupid phone
So... how fast do you have to go to get pulled over twice in one day? Becuase I'm gonna drive 1mph slower than that...
yup, just moved to Mountain View yesterday. Let's get coffee b4 u leave if u r free? Will DM u my number. :)
Well at least he got one cool follower,lol! as 4 the rest they gave me a good laugh
Why is it dat females think niggas wants to keep da peesticc!!! We dont want that shit keep ya own peesticc bitch!
Why do ppl have to come up wit perdictions for the world.. Why day cant just let the world end wen it end..?
Aggie fans, are you happy Byrne is gone?
I am looking for experience inside sales reps in the Florham Park, NJ area for a great client! Base salary+uncapped commission+fun incentiv…
Coming up on , learns the cha-cha!! We are 'Dancing With 12 News This Morning.'
Awww thanks KB!!!
I feel the same way you do. One my home girls told me she'll never bother me again cuz she "rubbed me the wrong way".
Never diet. Just make lifestyle changes that you can keep dedicated to.
um why say this when you r not?
If you won a prize pack last week, try to pick it up or let us know if you cannot make it by 5pm this Friday~!
rainy friday night while E's at the library = wine and The Notebook, I think.
RT : Meek Mill - Tony Story, will forever be real as fuck.
Happy Election Eve Everyone! District 2 deserves better! You all have signaled a quest for CHANGE! LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN ON NOV.2! -...
There is a whole lotta unfortunate cleavage in our nation's capital.
Love my new iPhone case! Just enough space for ID, cash and keys. Thanks !
hey beautiful!(:
RT : a video for.... Romance would be dope...... its already done...
what happened to the one that was scheduled to be there?
Awwwe that's how I treat my babyg too<33(:
you'd enjoy it ...
Iv had one haha i got more followers!
need a quad shot of espresso right about now…
You've been gone a day D:
I miss hanging out with the bestie
Have I ever told you that I love,love,love ? He's a cutie(;
The tumblr app drains all my battery :(
RT : Watch Doggy Bags trailer! Short film written/directed by debuting
I wish! So Instead of Mayday Parade concert, let's go on the Warp Tour instead in New jersey(:
Should I wear my new shirt to my exam today? Um, obviously.
Back on Chicago soil; was great! Excellent time in OH including a visit to & in the same day!
today is boring i need to party
Still broke.
A particular shot or way of moving the ball can be a player's personal signature, but efficiency of performance is what wins the game.
That's it? L.A. has 7 a week!
Fitness. Philosophy. MindFirstFitness.
Congrats to former boss Steve Lavin. The Johnnies are back in the NCAA Tourney. Losing Kennedy cost him a seed. Good luck vs. the Zags!
HFC would like to welcome our new Saudi and WEST Round 7 students to the September session! We're all happy to see your smiling faces!
finishing up The Other Wes Moore for #DCReads2011; definitely going to discuss the book with our #DCPS mentees. great job!
Join me for a free presentation on Color for Your Home. 1/23 at 10:00 in Reno, NV. for more info.
APPETIZER GRILLED FLATBREAD caramelized onions, grilled pears, gorgonzola, balsamic glaze
Team Bieber is Beast,NOT!
VNSO CLOSED: for repairs and they anticipate reopening in mid June.
eating stale popcorn talkn to AlexNolle54 highlight of my night :)
loud typist, how threatening
We can dream ;) but will vendors give (like UpToDate) RT Site licenses for apps = great idea!
Yay! I am near top of the TA list for a few very interesting sounding courses outside of my main discipline! Winter 2013 will be fun.
Anytime if you guys ever need anymore for any of your events let me or know
I am very proud to be a North Carolinian and to call you the same. Thanks for fighting the good fight!
Sounds delicious!
hey i loved you as cinna in the hunger games. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
YAY! see you very soon.
awesome! Thank you, & happy birthday party!
The shift dress at H&M for sure!
What a great move it will be for you two! Hope to visit you out West. If we're VERY lucky, we'll be in neighboring states!
RT : BREAKING: will from here forward be know as
Oh my gosh!!! is coming up next!!!
It is pretty, but wet and heavy to shovel. We needed the moisture really bad though, very dry winter!!!
Oh, right! Well that doesn't sound as bad + watching 90210 what about you? <AB
Insulation is always a good investment. Weatherstrip, caulking, windows, and siding will keep the winter wind out and it is on the way :-).
BE LIKE "HE WANTED YOU TO HAVE THIS PICTURE. HE WANTED TO SHARE A LITTLE BIT OF HIMSELF AND HIS COLLECTION" OMFGGGGGGG
KD is on fire!!$
thank you! Appreciate it
I hate when I have to sleep with a pillow in my arms cause she isn't in them....it ain't the same
Repair crew heads down to corridor 2 to try repairs. For now at least, we have ourselves a bright, shiny ship.
Awesome! What kind of actor do you want to be?
Coffee needed
haha no judging here. Just seemed random haha
Finally a good day to work. Find Milwaukee's best gyros at Marquette for lunch. Don't to use your belly card to earn free stuff!
Man Bruno Mars is off the hook.
Antonio Porchia~ One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
"What do museums do, if not tell real compelling stories" Ford Bell. Come hear my story at COMPT marketplace #aam2012 Telling Tales Mulkerin
yah, can't wait!
if you could change your fate, would you?
That girl know she can write some poetry.....
Perfect! See you then!
Pillow fort construction is an art & a science. Bravo to the New York Times!!! I build a fort for living room homework extravaganza.
shit changed my life.
IT IS SUNNY IN SEATTLE! It is amazing!
Email me
The states' case did not make sense. Why would a loving Mother suddenly stop? It was a terrible case and it made no sense.
OMG I LOVE TO DRAW I ALSO LOVE TO SING AND DANCE I WANT TO BE FAMOUS BUT DONT KNOW HOW I HOPE U REPLY AND MAYBE FOLLOW THANKS :)
Ditto RT : First day of spring in Seattle has left me cold
Hey, ice cream fans! It's Free Cone Day at Ben & Jerry's, followed immediately by Brain Freeze Evening!
Oh my guysh!
Baby with 'bucket list' dies - CNN
I #Hate the exams:D
How cool! I've never seen a high speed chase live! It was #insane xD
what if I went to uganda and found kony lol
I'm gay for Brandon.
Showing up the ump is awesome. Hahaha! Sucks ass
tonight was rediculous hats all that can be said it was amazing thank out to everyone
is it possible to put power outlets in subways...that way we can like charge our iphones on the way to work....
I hve the bst big sister in the entire so naturally I hve the bst brother in law derek and best Nephew wyatt miss you guys!
I'm not watching Tough Love: New Orleans. Totally not watching that at all.
RT : Don't worry about finding the right man- concentrate on becoming the right women.
bbyyyy i fuuckiing missing u wanna talk ?
Game over
Our shows are more fun with your friends. THX
When Weeks starts carrying his share maybe?
Dwight Howard is a coward!!! He know he said he wanted Stan Vangundy fired. He just ain't man enough to admit it!!
Im 22 years old and still laugh when parents discipline their kids... Like watching your friend get yelled at by their parents.
i havent gotten anything from u lately. U kno i hit u up recently m checked up on u but u wasnt really even sayin nun back
Mat Gamel hits doubles.
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: The Grey, Chronicle, and Albert Nobbs After a couple of pretty thin weeks on home video, we've got a good number of
Omggaahhh I miss those :( definitely don't get them here :((
ayy lamentablamente I'm on a diff. one, but I'll email you in case you feel like meeting up for a drink later tonight.
Why is it so windy ?!? I don't like this shit -.-.
Spartaque Thanks for the follow!
Really! I have been so proud of myself when I remember to click it off
Needs a mix
This has been a real good series, I thought LA would dominate, but it hasn't worked out that way
my dad: "pizzas from egypt!" lmao okay yeahh um it's from egypt.. lol
how? i say hi to u everday
"It's like the Bible, but better. They have no modern strategy around just, like, the bible."
"Dreams come from the heart. Through dreams your heart tells your mind what it wants, what you should be like"
RT : "We are considering creating a unit in Japan in order to repay the love that we received." - Leeteuk #LTQuote // SJ-J?
Thanks we're looking forward to partnering with you too!
OH MGY DOS
yup. he sure did.
My daughter told us she wants a puppy for christmas and she wants to name it butterballs.
Shed Blood Sweat & Tears An Keep Going
RT IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE 100,000 VIEWERS ON LIAM'S TWITCAM TODAY!!!..
Wait for a minute I thought someone was fearful of e-subscriptions but then I figured it out.
Brian "HEAD" Welch announced to be with Thousand Foot Krutch in Washington D.C. Spring Jam Fest. www.facebook.com/springjamfest!!! May 14th.
The only success worth one's powder was success in the line of one's idiosyncrasy . what was talent but the art of being complet
Much love to the city of New Orleans! We're all rooting for your comeback! But who dat beat dem Saints? Seahawks baby!
