ATTN: LAUREN WILLIAMS!-Are u still at SXSW? Plz come to our booth for your prize BY 4PM or we have to choose another winner!
#AACRAO president @ #EdUSAForum in DC "#Internationalrecruiting w/o regard to institutional mission makes #admissions profession suffer"
Fact: 100% of adam hannon-hatfield want more interesting lesabian facts
333 masons sitting in a tree
So hot the snow cannot stop him, screw plows, we just need more M.A. RT : this whole panic over snow seems to be greatly overrated.
Bitch gett a life
Good to see you to! We have been good over here.. how are you doing over there?? :)
Yes follow me, it's ClaudiaLeeLive
Club Sirius tonight downtown SA! 228 Lasoya St. I'll be live in the video mix all night! No cover 21+ welcome!!
God creates kings.
These bucket head bitches kill me...
I'm insanely SICK of hearing about vampires.
when did google change? #dafuck?
I made a keek, just to subscribe to you!(;
thanks 4 the info
oh great school tomorrow -_-
My new subversive plan: to use business reply envelopes in credit card solicitations to mail them back subscription forms to lit magazines.
Aubrey = the most narcissistic person on the planet.
Happy #Wrestlemania day all. Plan on being in the live blog tonight
& if I died right now, you'd never be the same
I'd have guessed whiskey.
Watching "Martin Bashir" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Does anyone know the name of the gerbil in Mat Gamel's mouth?
are awesome guys. We had a blast at RTG last year. MT would have to be The Fray! I love their music so much!
Pancakes and bacon to start my day.
You saying you missed me was a lie, because you never did anything about it.
HEY ANYONE NEED A JOB CALL ME 253-301-3603
Off to beautify.. I need my :)
#BieberFact Justin racked up over 100,000,000 views on YouTube RT if you're SUPER proud of him :)
you tell him
Experimenting with new book, going first person. Memoir or suspense standalone? Can't decide. Can be both.
Nothing like a relaxed Sunday in sunny Florida.
ikr but we're selling the chickens monday so i only gotta work monday morning again
Must suck to be Rupert Murdoch right now. Ppl been sharpening their knives for years waiting to carve him up. Now they may get the chance.
RT : Ion have shit to do so.. I'm cleaning. Lmao.
Have you ever gone to the market with a whole list of things to get, but didn’t write any of it down?
let's do something tonight then!
I can't believe you'd ax such a question.
the TEAM gotta step up
NBC canceled Harry's Law but renewed Whitney. This makes sense since NBC needed to have less comedy on its network...
Typing this damn essay.
talk to me, Zorn
The road are kinda bad... This is a longer trip than we thought it would be... Please pray for us! Thanks everyone! Much love!
Inside the mind of a compulsive and creative knitter. #ff Also just my favorite person.
oops said it right the first time, brain fart over here :-)
I don't think she's ugly but she is built like a defensive end.
Hi-Rez dropped The Window today, he's gonna blow up from this. I'm releasing my freeEP Here To Stay on May 26, hoping to do the saaameeee
WHY am i always totally awake at night when i've been super tired all day?
This day two years ago was the last time I saw my stepdad, the weather today is so similar to that day, it's haunting.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Girls that bitch about girls being sluts all the time.
chocolate covered blueberries too...
Following the king 's see if he gets/digs Blodwyn's golden material...;) weet!!!
that's exciting!
Victory! Thank you to everyone who voted for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
We are open amid the slush and snow! come dry off, warm up and enjoy the comfort of Costello's.
lmfao! I said if u want if u don't don't lol
It's getting hard to stay with you,or because I'm staying with you...LOL
cause you are on my mind <3
1/2 Price Burgers and Crush Drinks Tuesday's 4-close
There’s been controversy about employers asking potential hires for their Facebook password. What do u think – is this crossing the line?
I wanna go to a Spurs/Clippers game!
Hard to say w/exactitude but it was in the high hundreds!
you're welcome friend. Have a great weekend.
thnx for the link wow that was awhile ago, will check it out
Got the cheese w/ hot sauce and onion! U? RT : that's so weird, I just left there
Productive day so far. Happy to have the motivation to keep it moving.
#IntrestMeWhenABoy Becomes my best friend then ask me out!!!
noah if you ever need someone to talk to im here i know how you feel ive been bullied my whole life #EndCyberBullies <3
Hating ass niggas always mad at another shine
we're with you Sylvia! how can we pray for you?
Sometimes, the hardest question in life is, "Capo 3 or Capo 4?"
Big grand opening party on Sunday April 1. Would be honored to make you a sandwich!
Off to run errands, finished most painting and work. trying not to get burnt out. I need to find some Flame Retardant for my booth.. urrhg
#ASECS12 Anne supported visual arts and music much more than poetry.
Juss woke up feeling good I feel like today gonna be another good day lets see what happens
Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional 6pm game at TD? Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and drink!
Tod Kilgore(Dot ).com - How To Find A Web Host Easily And Quickly
We have a few $5 tickets left for Pop Evil and 7 Blue Skies at Club Firestone October 1st. Let us know if you want some or need more.
damn cali got hoes for days
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo , IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IN YOURSELF, WHY SHOULD ANYBODY ELSE
#DBoys looking to invest in a music career? Let me take you to the top of the world and show you what's available to you. Clean ur $$$ now!
hey sexy what u doing
stay cool Aaron my bro...
Headed to see Malick Sidibe exhibit at DePaul Art Museum.
Make your Earth Day an “Earth Date”
but I AM in the IT building!!!!
Sure about the 80's? I've got a basement full of Nagels.
. I've thought about it; maybe in a few years.
I don’t know how much of a penalty that is
Let's go DODGERS!
Don't miss the fun at Gift Boutique! Come #shopping at 138 Main St in Tustin!
Everyone Wants To Give Me A “Free” i-Phone…Petroleum Companies Should Give Away Free Buicks…
uh what room you in man.
I think I miss you too lol
Karen Hancock is being plagued by a question "Why do people put those family stickers on their car?".
I laugh every time I hear them say weiner scandal on the news :)
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe is being single !
upset that the chargers let the falcons beat them guess i'll call it a night
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Why is Dove Chocolate so amazing?
It is quite humorous to see someone parked in disabled parking and smoking out in their car.
haha we're not really named after the book, but i have read it. its a little dry.
OREGON won, now rooting for Stanford...lets go PAC12
“Nothing says Totally Tools like a platypus in a fedora!”
This has been the best extreme makeover home edition ever!
No, I didn't--thanks for the link. Looks like a great conference, sad that I'll missit.
No one has mentioned me yet...... who wants to be the first? ? ;)
Good luck! Hope you win it! Wish I had a chance to see you in Melbourne last year when I was there.
I could say so much about you, but you know deep down how shitty you are as a person, and forever will be. Must suck.
is such a beautiful space! Can't wait for tonight
I'm not weird I'm just different
ok dm me im bored
on the come up i see ya on big bro
I have a foot fetish! ❤xD
aw yeah.
im so excited for madison man she gets nothing shit i gotta go be back in like 30 minutes
670 RT : Follow us & retweet this message with a # guess in front (1-1000). The 5 closest to the secret # win a $30 ZAGG gift card
It’s all about the triple word score.
Nope. I missed it due to excessive napping. I'm not happy!
my love wtf i fucking miss u so much !
No matter how great you THINK you are.. U need great people/relationships around you to call you higher
That's my pose 😏
wish I was there for our duet!!
bring your fine self and maybe beer.
Never been to their field before RT : O's-Nats in DC the weekend of the 18th. Who's in?
Mutumbo was my dude.
YAY FREE PASS!!!!
I will add you to the #ff list :)
man hell yeah!
On an individual contact record, go to the call time tab. Give us a call if you have more Qs -- 202-686-9330
Someday, hopefully. RT : no more cancer??? Hooray! Oh wait. You meant the site. Sigh.
We hope you had a great time at the circus! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Hell yes! One of my favorite gym day treats is strawberries and light whipped cream out of the can. Great carb up snack.
::forehead smack::
seriously considering filing for relocation so i can transfer to Cypress Bay...
What's the difference between Casey Anthony and an elevator? An elevator and raise a child.
looks horrible! ugh!
Ha RT: : just once i want D-Rose to go all hood rat during a press conference and talk truckloads of shit.
XTR pedals. Excellent platform and super smooth entry and release.
im watching the vow.. seriously no life
Sorry, I realized she was on there after I sent that tweet. Love Liz's #sunrise pics! :)
minds made up months ago, but Koch money does buy massive get out the vote effort, 'tea party poll observers' in any district
thanks for the #ff mention!
Who's pumped for #sharkweek ?
that's total B.S...Monitor him for what?#waistoftaxpayermoney!
Has happened to me on another airline. It is a big mess all around; mine was inflight across coast. No peanuts on flights!
TIL: Anchor Hocking is on th' twitter. FIRE KING MUGS FOREVER!
Almost in a head-on collision on Cap Hill due to DC driver looking at his cell phone while driving out of an alley
not only did the cat not want the brisket, she didn't want the dry food that had intermingled with the brisket
ok I'm feeling brave... Fire away about my avi!
SERIOUSLY!! are you serious!..you are blowing up my timeline with your nonsense PLEASE just change it for God's sake!
you're killing me, Deutch!
Today's BTU inspiration: "To be a person you are not is to waste the person you are." ~Loren Slocum
#MelloyDodge- Our friendly salespeople provide the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Let us make a Deal with you today! 888-760-4136
One thing you can give and still keep.....is your word!
Listen for Tamara and Courtney on around 6pm today.
American problems are THE WORST!
Thank you Mr Middlebrooks!
Have a feeling that will not be the last time we see that from The SmoakMonster!
Sorry for the poor grammar bro. Too much nerdy homebrew.
Who is the black comedian in the PSA commercial "If your arm is numb, use your good arm to dial 911"?
....Sad! Poly was one of my first inspirations along with Siouxsie Sioux!!!
It's Work-a-Holic Day! Don't work too hard!
Hey St. George...I am considering on bringing some Broadway Casting Directors to the area for a week long seminar! Should I?
That is the challenge every time we plan a unit right? Would love to discuss... :)
Agreed. Love her in this episode!!
and if you have to go OL go Amini SIlatou...he is gonna be a monster
Hooray for flash rain! :-\
Delay of production on deadine
You might find a blog willing to lend a hand, but it won't likely do much more than what you have already.
Hell of a round today mate!! Congrats!! RT : Thanks to all my tweeter Friends for the support!!
I do like it when it rains
new word: acelmerate. merge while one acclerates. because for some reason "Merge" does not convey the need to accelerate, for one to merge.
SN58 with We hit ’s Jerk Driver, ROCK, , PLUS - We fix gender inequality in composition.
Running Rebels is looking for volunteers for April 5 adopt-a-site@ Allen Field School. To #volunteer contact
haha let's do it please!(: this song is amazing !
So happy i got to see you today!
is the best. Where's ?
good church service.
One day I would love to meet Vinny Castronovo it would be amazing
“: Backstabbers...” Screw them all! 😒👎
true!! And I know the eye isn't even near us yet and its bad!!!!!! :(
Go Aztecs! We're taking BYU down tomorrow. Watch at 11 am
Lol. I hear you. I'm trying English breakfast tea this week instead of coffee. Wish me luck.
lmao I'll let it go...
I Live For..The Weekend!!:)
Justin Thomas is the worst relief pitcher in the MLB.
Sounds great!
Latinos discriminated by U.S. Anglo #media because of our accents in English. Latinos discriminate Anglos because their accents in Spanish.
3 of us huddled in basement-in the nick of time- when the tornado hit K-zoo 32 yrs ago. Emerged to severe damage on Jennison
that's awesome, I look so focused
Quote from my Asian Nail lady:"Remember when all boys send u flower on ur birthday Day? Now, no more flower... (deep breath) .. Why?"
Have a safe Fourth of July, America. By pointing all of the flying explosives at Canada. /via
hahaha you know I put you on that ish maybe one day the king of new Brunswick will put his mixtape on ur wall
aww :( i missed you so much <3
You too!
- um, you mean David, right? :-) -- and please follow me
LOVE IT. Suck it Philly!
I love You<33
Career Project Grades uploaded #Eng9 (not for accel- just dusting off the pile...)
Good morning #CeNation Family
I Will Always Love You.
RT : I'll talk about again, at #opensource conference of the Hungarian magazine
Shouting out right back! I still need to send those out to a retoucher. Good retouching makes a good image into a great one!
Happy Easter all!
Family first!!
tonight Ward Night! Stop by from 5-7pm
I just got on the list for BlackBerry #PlayBook updates. Flash, video chat, & real Internet. Get on the list! www.blackberry.com/Playbook
oh, my ass. They'd stop and take pictures and shit
Don't let loneliness drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with. RT ----> so true!
This lady is talking loud as hell about this "herbalife" en espanol .....smh.why cant people use their #insidevoice ??
Guilty. RT : I wonder how many people tried zipping the zipper back up
I'll bring the cake!
send us some personalized vibes please!
The cats made an omelette for Mothers day. Specifically, they supervised me and whined for treats. That's the process.
CBS sports digging Joe Pa's grave and he still alive and kickin
I bet McCarver knows all about imaginary boxes
lol! don't be late! lol RT : Hobby Lobby again for more ribbon...hm???
Antonio is still all about hawaii... Yay!!! Aloha!!! :)
I thought so, but one can't afford to take chances.
Really wish I could afford to go to Dev Con next week :( so much awesome HTML5 & mobile development stuff going on
Stayed by later than expected because of Tumblr yolo
I can hear a coworker's speaker phone in the bathroom. #tmi &
Legal sec, sales co-ordinator, cleaner, chef de partie, fitter, ops manager and many many more jobs available in Newark. Call TRAVAIL now
That time when you try and type something into your web browser and you keep writing "facebook.com" ahh.
I have my Audi photo shoot today!
done i did it :)
concert to benefit Children's #Cancer Fund of #NM in #ABQ July 10 6pm. www.harmonytohelp.com
can't beat that kind of project thats for sure.
Well take it easy. I hope it's not too hot out there. It's nice here (even though I'll prob be inside the library til closing)
I'm usually with you. This is the one exception among those I've seen.
Lol, I would be glad to just buy another if they actually wants to try it! Hoping it will help their kid! ;)
I am going to see the movie The Grey later today
yea. i just texted him just now to see if he is going to be up there
evil is good...lol
on that basement swag
I was thinking this exact same thing lmfao RT : *Beats my female followers with a sack of potatoes*
I did find the "What Should I Read Next?" Database at , which kept me quite happy.
Good morning to you as well!
I love my friends
How do people actually think the Hunger Games looks like a good movie? If a movie doesn't completely suck today, it's gold.
Dear #iPhone iOS developers: in the next update, please stop alerts from buzzing my ear while I'm talking on the phone. Thanks!
I can't sleep a night, without holdin you tight.. pain in my head o i'd rather be dead.
We must hit 5000 followers! Help us out
Black Label Society tonight @ Verizon Theatre and Aaron Lewis tomorrow @ Palladium Ballroom. Get there. And Go Rangers!!!
Hey.Hi.Hello(: How are you?
what I want to know is how you were in target without being mobbed! Cool pic though. Haha
im in the garage/thru the gate give me an apple so i can SHARE WITH PEOPLESTRING
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 57F FOG
Enjoying an evening of spoken word hosted by our youth ministry.
Covering my 2nd memorial service for Mark Hatfield, the first 5 weeks ago. He was a giant of Oregon Politics... RIP. Report at 5 on KGW.
damn!!! That's alot of hoops to jump through lol
Decided to be productive and do some homework
RT A picture is worth a 1000
And furthermore, . took a tour of the Capitol today! I was there all day and had no idea! So mad... Cc:
the bomb!!! Read my last tweet and you'll chill too lol
I love I'd like to thank them for every feature they intentionally decided not to build. Admirable
I'm gonna slap the shit outta somebody one day tho
I've literally just became the happiest guy ever(:
hi, thanks for the offer to help with the balloon drop. I think we are covered for the party, but thanks for checking
deserves a gold star!!
Who's the better opening day starter (in your opinion), Jamie Garcia or Gallardo?
Oh no, the Giants are playing Jump Around. Someone alert about this travesty
On a mission to earn some respect! #StrikeForce ->
Well damn #JeromeSimpson we knew you Bengals had them black gums...but 8.5 lbs of #MaryJane is serious business.
thank so much, now I need to show him how we roll in Austin soon!
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him ♥♥♥♥♥22
Sold out for second preview of The Religion Thing! Two more previews on Saturday at 8:00 pm or Sunday at 7:30 pm. Tickets are going quickly!
#AskBilas Could you throw it down like Anthony Davis?
Is it sad that I don't know what I would do lately if the NBA playoffs weren't on?
good day twitterverse!
Have a good one :)
OMG!!! You guys did Awesome!!
did you watch the americas got talent? We missed it but I can download it tomorrow.
Anyone can get a 4x4 plot at the Mound St. Community Garden for FREE to grow their summer vegetable and herbs!!!
Thank you to for a great online shopping experience complete with speedy shipping and even an email notification correcting a ship date
Terrific sac bunt by #Rockies Moyer. Guys is a pro's pro. Always prepared.
it really frustrates me when the heat dont play hard, they take way too many breaks during games
What is your favorite store in the mall?
Brazilians know a thing or two about steak. Obrigado!
#Thatawkwardmoment when someone spits on you while they're talking
Sometimes we ruin situations just by wanting them too much.
6am our doors are open. Oh! We love the aroma of first brew of the morning. Espresso priming and ready for ur latte. Come on in.
exactly! So Dnt put so much pressure on ur self. Jus chill : ). It'll happen time.
super cute! you should keep these in stock forever! lol =D
Acapella medley incl. Van Halen's Jump & Whitney Houston's I'm your baby 2nite being sung outside my window right now.
We had researched Walton w/similar jaw-dropping results. despite the article, I could see Montaous trying to "fake" another baseball career.
Nobody loves these lyinnnnnnn ass hoes
Change your password... It's still happening or just start over... Thanks
Having a great weekend!!! Hope everyone is!! Follow me.. I follow back!
I'm not believing specific Carolina beat writers for this, but it is clear there is a lack of dedication to covering Carolina from papers.
“: Fuck you cold showers. Fuck you!”
Wad, obviously
Thanks for the info about the west side power outage.
If someone tries to bring you down, get back up. Show them you are strong enough.
TONITE #melodic w/ DJs: SWEDISH EGIL, HOLLY ADAMS, say feelgoodnights for discount at door!
Danger Snack Does.... Chicago! Mon April 2nd 1030pm in the Loft Roger Waters & Van Halen tix up for grabs & a bake sale!
Keith Whitley's "When You Say Nothing At All" came on my Pandora...we sure lost a great man of country music 23 yrs ago!
Professor Gary Motley's Jazz Studies students really taking WordPress to the next level.
I MISS MY SHIRLAAAAAY! <3 anything new happen to your life?
Enjoying my day! Be Blessed :)
RT : I may be quiet, but trust me, I have so much on my mind.
it gets you everywhere
I mean, it's a gorgeous foot, but damn! ;)
Urghh, I have to song from bridge to terabithia stuck in my head! aha, what I haven't even watched that movie in years!
The Committee is discussing an increase of the alcohol excise tax that I have suggested.
None of us is as smart as all of us. -Ken Blanchard
thank you, looking forward to following you
Aaron is giving it back!
My shadow has scared me twice today.
Grateful to be ALIVE!
its a hot topic with the popularity of ebooks. I know describing what i do has become easier recently.
cool Y.A.K
If my power goes out someone is going to get killed.
If you're not concerned with the very poor, because there's safety nets there..you might be Mitt Romney..
Ralph Waldo Emerson: There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination.
Yea you heard what he said I'm on the f**** paper route...quick to take the neighbor out...forty with the laser out
painting is tough work! Don't work too hard :-)
American Horror Story is magically delicious
Bruh...Shaq set Chuck up for that one. The whole set had to be feeling awkward as shit lls
Already been asked out on 2 dates in two days. Once again. Colorado boys > Cali Boys.
Freshly recovered from a back injury, I come down with a cold. Wondering if I inadvertantly pissed off a Gypsy again.
msg me. what kind of business and how long/when do you need it?
im home with my brother.. im bored
does your text work missy i've been trying to contact you for days about a concert lol
My parents. They taught me how to read. Plus we didn't have cable when I was a kid, which fed my reading habit even more.
keep being so great for waiting!
Bentley peed thru is clothes in his swing. now he's laying behind me kickin me in the back & smiling away! think he knows mommy feels bad!
You're still drinking FOX (fake news) Kool-Aid too!!!
yes, is so awesome! get on it!
Went to see my man Coach Lynch...Gone but never forgotten ...RIP Brother
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amatuers built the Arc, professionals built the Titanic.
At Vengeance was a beautiful moment for keshinya case study, but Daniel Bryan did not use it.
you lose followers everyday
2012? When did 2011 happen?! Where have I been and why is there all this stuff to do?
and he can hire them with the money from Freddy Mac and let them bathe at one of his mansions.
Interested in receiving my #email updates and newsletter, please drop me an email to including the subject ¨Mailing¨
AWH I HOPE YOU GO AND HAVE FUN!
It's official...NESV is now the proud owners of Liverpool F.C....I'd love to see them clean up that mess while keeping the Sox competitive.
Our very good friends in are playing this year's Beale Street Music Festival - follow them and catch their set!
All perfume of Arabia cannot sweeten this little hand! - William Shakespeare
Do I trade away Brett Gardner for Carl Crawford? H2H 12 team league. Don't have other SB threats outside Kinsler and Andrus
haha that's muh bestfriend Stacey me her and her sister went and saw a concert and went to the fair
youre amazing. along with your swag. :(
Just checked a month-old mega millions ticket on my fridge. I did not win.
Morning cutie!
We're up and ready to roll into #BEX11 today - looking forward to a great day of talks and meeting other teams & mentors!
ill look at them
The little gear in the lower right corner is Settings. You can change availability and turn off sidebar
Gen. X Vapor just bought another customer a Falcon! What will you do with all the money you save on e-cigs? www.genxvapor.com
the crib
Hope to see you at #EnterpriseConnect for a demo of the Dolby goodness :)
I wish there was an app that located all the pinatas in my vicinity.
right there with you! Yikes!
Aw alyssa I miss u 2
She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne, and she cut your hair. And from your lips she drew the hallelujah.
I know. Didn't think it was worth fighting over. Lol
Still ready to get off, shiddddddd
We are waiting!!!
Worked on creating & making PPTs for yrs. After making a PPT 508 compliant, I realized how inaccessible digital info truly is
Holy Spirit helps us N our distress-For we don't know what or how to pray-He prays for us & the Father who knows all Hearts understands Rom8
fyi, typo in paragraph 5, "it's recognize".
no, ma'am! But wouldn't that be an amazing date for some super cool foodie guy to take me on?! Haha
No better way to honor The Dude than by having a white Russian....if only I had a bathrobe
do that. we don't have any lights over here.
Great time and great contacts at the Mason Inn Washington Business Journal Breakfast
thanks for the retweet!
When is the wedding? :O RT : pass on my marriage proposal as well? :p
If we there... it's going down!
What is the mindset of a person who stands in a long line to order food/drink, finally gets to the front of the line and goes "um... Hm"
Apr 1,1922: De Valera Republicans angry with Irish Free State Bill, Violence in Belfast.
Yeah for #DonaldDriver on #DWTS on ABC, can't wait to see him on the dance floor!!!
RT : i just read a powerful letter a former slave wrote to his master. Cant wait til Museum is built please follow,
We are having a give away on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG! Las Vegas HCG can help you follow the HCG Diet and Lose 20lbs in 20 days
We are getting closer to 1,000 followers! Our 1,000th follower will win a special prize! RT!
ALLERGY SUFFERERS! Those of you brave enough to put cayenne pepper up your nose will be rewarded with relief from congestion. IT WORKS!
lol teehee RT :You can't have a belly ring & a belly.
hahahaha ☺😊😚 RT : hey don't say that! I've been so tempted lately.. Rico fever ;)
Giving up is not an option gotta get it in 😉
I used to look on wistfully watching my friends & coworkers fiddle with their iPhones..now im geeking on a Galaxy S2. Amazing.
republiCONS:greedy, selfish, non-caring, don't have a clue, it's all about me, screw the middle class, idiots!!!
Back at it bright and early bought to put this philosophy test down at 8 sleep then on to Chemistry at 2
Like to think the 60 yr old half dressed, full makeup cross dresser outside Liberty House singing Happy Birthday is doing it for
the beach is always fun!
One vital aspect of a good relationship is finding out what is important to your partner, and doing that as much as possible.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ He is happiest be he king or peasant who finds peace in his home.
No tweets from anyone in the last 45 minutes?
Illest bitch alive, babe I'll hold it down 😊
HAPPY SEXUAL WEDNESDAY!
Taylor Kisch is heaven!
hey thanks. is that an apartment complex?
Come on Friday! I know you're out there!!
RT : “: This Burns My Heart by was breathtaking. had me doing the ugly cry & everything”
this old lady on america's got talent right now >
Everyone thought #Dirk was taking a jump shot. That drive for a layup was super sneaky. Element of surprise at a timely moment for
Sunday afternoon naps are my fav, and definitely number one on my to-do list right now!
Get Discount Tickets to the Hottest New Years Party in Down Town San Diego www.eDailyQuest.com -All inclusive drinks included, Live band
I agree
2 followers away from 600!! Help me out folks :)
Just sent you an email about it. Not too busy. :) -40?! That's crazy. We lucked out its been in positive digits, but barely.
Rodriguez drives me crazy with his awful mechanics! He can't throw a strike!
Jeff, I'd be happy to do it. I know Mike, Damon and Ammon as well. Thanks
I don't pick a lot right, Kentucky Derby I'm pretty good RT : AWESOME PICK :)
Oh Mr. Moon, the stars are shining for you in the night sky. Please come home.
RT : Can't find the remote and it's stuck on Cops. Sonofabitch.
Turns out, watching kids hurl in the amusement park loses its appeal pretty quickly.
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Daily Herald
Ive been sick n feelin used tbh.. But I feel a change a comin!
Attention Houston!!!! Come out tonight for Summer Sundown from 6:00 - 9:00 & get a Unlimited Ride Wristband for only $15.99 + tax!
I'd rather be a beast in golf than in basketball
Bank of North Carolina Signs Purchase and Assumption Agreement With Hampton ... - MarketWatch (press release)
We would be happy to take a look at your tax return! Give us a cal!
Good morning!
Dude at McDonald's said he went to Target @ midnight and line was already around the store.
XMas Partay tonight - in my Best Hawaiian garb
Why are male wrestlers always touching each other?
u welcome..ur awsome 2 sweety :) stay beautiful..i see u sing..wonderful!
We had a really good time yesterday evening at the KKNT event with Dennis Miller. He is a genuinely nice guy.
UPDATE: Tornado Warning Canceled for Rice, Steele and Waseca counties.
IS ONLINE, I REPEAT, ONLINE
Got our Paul Simon for me and Brendon
Eek is right!
In before Lakers fans with their "EAST COAST BIAS...COUNT DA RINGZZZ" "argument."
First pitch at Busch Stadium today for the Cardinals game. Stoked.
this was the best wknd in a long time!! :)
We still have some street team spots open for Mayhem and All-Stars !! Hurry before they are gone!
<---- is absolutely loving round 2 of the playoffs this year. All the teams are going to have to work for it...every single game.
I don't get y ppl get butt hurt about gays. Like if they like u don't get butt hurt til after u teL them ur not gay. They can say ur cute.
“: Hello you guys!” What up!
Going to bed since I have to fucking work in the morning. -_-
Join me in vegas for Wispapalooza wireless ISP conference; I will be tweeting updates.
- is, A Positive Persuit of Perfection, Personafied...!
in a matter of two minutes two people almost hit me at wcc. One of them being an armored truck who decided to cut me off
ha. that won't draw any #attention to your ! peeps better keep their paws off yours! we can share the love though...
yes I would
stupid lady pissed me off
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. ~Tom Brokaw
": happy birthday to my boyfran !!!!!!!! lovez ya" Love you too Kelbi!!!!!
Radishes to cure snake bites? Yikes! Found in a c.1687 #medicalhistory book in the Rare Book Room.
just found out that Santigold released her latest album today! Guess who I will be listening to during my travels tmrw ;-)
Love umps this season. Its a subjective zone but be consistent. Strikes in the1st 3 innings should still be called strike in the last 3.
Waiting for
well.. yeah O.o haha.
Do you still need a designer?
Overheard @ brunch : "how are your tacos? I don't know why i get them anywhere but "
Everything feels wrong...
I think Kansas got this!!!
You're just mad because didn't win
lol thanks. I look like a straight up deli employee.
I dont believe in miracles , because they end up bad
Comedy is very controlling - you are making people laugh
This is perfect!
Life is mysterious. I kinda like it that way, tho.
it's wicked awesome! It's mos def worth the trip.
lol!!! Every place ive been today has been like that
you mean I didn't kill osama?
has everyone checked out all the music videos we've produced? seriously, go look now at www.silverproductionsmv.com
There's a special place in hell for people who design clothes with fake pockets.
'Why do we feel more obligated to give gifts on Christmas than to worship Jesus?' -Phillip Cary. I don't know, but I feel it.
It takes place there. It's kind of "The Shadow over Seaside Heights" kind of thing.
Blitz by Ducks drops Quizz in the backfield. Third field goal by Kahut give Beavers a 16-14 lead. Nice stand by the Oregon defense.
How true! I've recently eliminiated some toxic ppl in my life and I've been much more productive and creative.
Hi best friend
At first, tried to argue that they were delivered. As if I don't actually talk to my own mom.
www.MyCityPromotions.com made a fun little intro page for our team
The sun & warm weather are back! Get beach ready w/ Arasys !
So here's your holiday, hope you enjoy it this time
Hey "TKO" window cleaner, you should change your name to "BVD" because your streaks are comparable to my dads tighty whities.
Thank you! I am ready for it to be over! Also worried how dad is going to deal with the race crowd. It's a zoo!
your welcome!
What a perfect day for a makeover!
When will we get smart phones that display Braille?
Mitt Romney at the Univ of Chicago today, Rick Santorum in Rockford and western IL. About 24 hours til polls open and they want your vote!
Why do I have to be a hater because I say what I Feel ?
We also film extreme sports, automotive, small buisness promos, and commercials! www.teamkproductions.com
...I believe it. She doesn't have to vocalize that. We know.
what a 9th ! Best sweat of the season! Thx for the win, that Freese SO was clutch!
cant wait to take my lil man on our bahamas cruise!! hes going to die!! i think mommy deserves a sticker!
I'm picking this game as an App State v. Michigan upset!
glad to love your music.
.MT says:Core pagerank algorithm was publicly funded by NSA// & so _that_ work is public domain, yes?
Robert doesn't either
Tired, restless, and i cant sleep. Was gonna go out with my friends but they had other plans.
it's good ready to go
And I want to get tatted for my bday!
-just like that I have become an OK Thunder Fan. Go Durant! The King hath no crown.
i love that I just came out of a black out, inside Poto, only down $50, and yet still knew how to get my unknown companion back to her car.
nobody knows we all will find out tomorrow
Finished TIMELESS by last night and now I'm adrift without a book to read. I also miss Alexia. Sniff.
What's the password? New England Clam Chowder. Is that the red or the white? I always forget this....the white? Yes!
Sex helps but still gotta find a solution.
It's like giving them a surprise handjob
will do thanks!
THAT WAS AMAZING
haha will do
doing good, living better. Our boy is making a stop in the 305 this weekend, so that'll be a trip.
When we take our eyes off our Lord and set [them] on ourselves, the Christian life becomes not only miserable, but impossible-
Single? A woman as beautiful as you should always be loved, respected and cherished. I wish you all the best and happiness.
omg im doing something special : )
#SWAGGER >>RT : #OldSpice makes they thongs come right off...
are you going to be out of town on the 15th too? :o
get here right now!
Took a walk on yet another glorious NM morning!
true enough and good night!
We hope u dig the tunes and the video. With 32K followers, we hope u can help us spread the word & find these guys! Cheers.
RT : S/o to my sister its her bday!!!!!! Happy Birthday Girl!!!!!! **Yea girl, haha thanks love u!!**
Spring Break!
Ok I've got it you are in Sparticus camp. I didn't recognize you for a minute there.
I love that app! (:
That awkward moment when i get off the bus and both patents show up to pick me up. which car should I take Lmfao.?
Just had a Adobe Connect class discussion with of SPU. Pretty cool environment.
#YouAreARepublican When you think nominating a Latino for VP is enough to get Latinos to vote for you.
Who got 5 on it #team tyb
It'd be cool to make a Lazy Boy where the right lever reclines and the left lever controls an arm that pats you on the back
Thanks Lucas! Glad you enjoyed it!
just to let you know, you are updating me on all of the sports News while im here in israel...
Saw this, thought of RT I've figured it out. Rick Perry is the Charlie Brown of the Republican party.
Visited homes of Beethoven, Bach, Mozart, Sibelius, Britten. They were too busy to see me though
RT : Just Followed >>>>, she one of the realest ladies on here.
make u follow back sexy stuff!
Have a phone call for you...it's from Ronald Reagan, circa 1960s...HE WAS AN ACTOR
Loving Sandi's Message so far!
as a matter of fact she hosted Allen West and New FL Gov Rick Scott today, they seek to amplify her rhetoric
I also like Gail's dress.
hey maddy, can i get a birthday shout out? i just turned 16 and it would mean the world :)
Cant agree more with what Kyle Turly is saying right now on #otl regarding defensive mentality
Thanks to & for the follows.
ok well now to a happier me, I will not wear makeup this whole week omg good luck to me lol
Workout. Laundry. Workout some more
Thanks a million. It wouldn't have happened without your input and encouragement. :)
‎The tactician knows what to do when there is something to do; the strategian knows what to do when there is nothing to do.- Gerald Abrahams
I will DM you my info.
After tons of volleying at net we can't get it in yet took down keeper and impact player amidst boos from south stand.
“Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.” (Mary Kay Ash)
i am heyy(:
I have to get to work and he's trying to start small talk with me.
THAT'S ME!
get out get out get outta my head and send me to Vegas instead
In THAT case...some studios and 1BR for rent right next to us on Sheridan. :)
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Great concept - come to Austin too!
I've opened up my account - a whole new chapter in my twitter life - now I guess I have to be on my game
Stuck in traffic..hdbushueiwoshd
yeah he saved your ass tonight haha
your welcome!
reviewing what kinds of manuscripts we have available online
ok bro, im following now, it better be all you said it would be!
so excited for Freshman Feast TONIGHT! 6-8pm w/ All you can eat Italian Cuisine for only $6
thanks Matt. I owe you lunch. I don't think I ever repaid you for the last one 5 years ago! ;)
Some people that are blood related are broke ass niggas
My headphones are broken! :(
I want to go home. its so bluck.
I always do haha we gotta get together sometime man
Just got on Google+!
Sick man....smfh
Congrats to Richard G. Winner of our #ChevyGirls #Chevy gives more giveaway.
Agreed! And if data is the lifeblood, actionable data-driven insights are the marketing muscle.
J.C. Penney names new CFO
HAPPY FANS!
Tip of the day: if you want to cut down on your food bill then alls you got to do is look in dumpsters with food in them.
Someone force me to clean my room tonight so my husband will let me take to see Cabin in the Woods tomorrow. Hes so mean.
Good morning. Woke up annoyed & that's exactly what I created. Annoying ppl & still cant find my phone. I've decided to feel good & let go.
You score points in the game of life by gaining houses and assets....<monopoly> (con)
This is how we do it. Its friday night and I feel all right. The party is here on the west side. <3
I need a Twitter best friend.
Totally hit with my meat today.
Cosmic countdown ! Going to show my swag with Friends!!
Self-paced instruction resource: Engineer Guy: engineerguy.com
Hair in a bun, sweat pants & no make-up
Thanks for signing up "Uncle Musket's Touchy Mustache Rides" for Summer Kickball.
SO excited for tmrw's Wedding Party Bridal Show!
Welcome to the BHB page Ian!
a love of whiskey and music, eh? we like your style! thanks for the add ;)
Thinking of my brother, Pen, today and how quickly 10 years can fly by when someone you love is gone.
Delivering 20 yards of mulch then back to the office. Do your flower beds need mulch too?? Give me a call (713)464-9200
Mad pissed irritable aggravated beyond measure... With my fuck you attitude and if looks could kill Id have hella body bags..
little did we know
Getting high off ammonia bc my grandmother wont stop mopping at 5am -.------
#read Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.
My cat just died R.I.P Big head yes he has a funny name but i L<3ve him :((
Or perhaps just the word "avatar"?
Tonight's Silent Film by Bill Morrison () is "Spark of Being" with music by & Keystone. 7:30PM, FREE
why not haha
lol no it was another perv ;)
Just fuck it... I'm tired of trying.
They should make every Ellie Goudling song into dubstep! Amazing voice girl!
where/when/on what will this be shown?
snow, or sleet - we are BACK today!!!
I knew someone would cry spoiler alert!
Alright 10,000 followers in 9 days will rough, I have still have faith for to get em. Least get her 1,000!!!
He who would climb the ladder must begin at the bottom. 千里の道も一歩から
Eating before I go to work;
stoked for the show tonight
Just had leftover ribs & cornbread for brunch... I'm going native.
DO YOU HAVE A PICTURE OF HIM!
Friday Special: Pasta tossed with butter, seasoning and grated Mizithra Cheese. Served w/ Garlic Bread. $5.......yeah, only $5. ENJOY!
Phew...It's finally Friday. We got this tweeps!
Shut up everybody. He was too skinny and expensive. Kinda like most strippers.
My brother = coolest person alive. :)
so true!!
And I believe providing affordable subscription based cloud software is the right approach and will entice more users
#ff Being that it's the holiday season you're bound to see your fav player drunk and he catches it all
Thanks for the great #bigblizzard coverage this am.
Still trying to figure out how to make sweating n leaky nose a fashionable look during allergy season. #accessorize!
thank you!
Haircut time, they better not fuck it up!
I say Starbucks ;)
12 "Marketing Super Powers" - #1 The Power of Personality - You clients want to know more of you. Let them in and you will reap the rewards
wow check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube he is an amazing singer follow him he's fantastic !!!!!!!! follow
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday
hi ross <3
Last game of the season, I still believe! We can do it!
According to Sami, the bread was eyebrows (a unibrow) As for the teeth, that's a side-effect of a limited palette.
Let's be real, they only have iPhones to use Grindr, the white is just a bonus. ": Do all the gay boys have white iPhones?"
Thanks ! ill add it to the video <3
Dan, you don't have to be edgy all the time.
basically beyond excited to see my bestie tomorrow :)
That's more like it.
-I want to be younger den I am-!
i'm going to put on big fluffy pajamas and watch tv now.
Follow :D
Cut my hair.. I like it :D
Can't beat lunch
Apropos of nothing, Phil Rawlins, owner of #MLS hopeful , also on the board of Stoke City.
Happy Good Friday to you dahhhling!!
I love the margins of inches as trains and subways travel through their surroundings.
Gov't has been along for so long that we tend to forget what it is supposed to be about... It's about what we do together. J Palka
'Affordably' is a word. Stop fucking squiggly lining it, you fucking ass hat.
Midterms a week n some change away..... Got to start studying a lil bit harder
Just got word that Project Runway is casting for next season! Get your applications in by March 15th!
Tune in to 6abc right now: JAY Z and Mayor Nutter are announcing an awesome music festival for this Labor Day!
Here's the first tweet from my new account -- a more personal, and often wry approach to looking at the news and the people in the news.
You gotta come and try these Rosemary Shoestring Potato Fries! Here at Hawthorne
Do you have any idea what bag I sport to go with my favorite #ThugInACocktailDress?
Let oj take the shot
hell ya another vd fan love ya damon or stefan?
Aw, where was that shot?
Has xtina lost weight/gotten a better stylist or am I crazy?
Bitch his mine :)
😒 ugh whatever you say Jeneasa.
4got to buy sum Tylenol PM to get rid of this cuddle-mood I'm in
#askJerry Do you think Salty will be hitting a good number of homers when he breaks out?
Finally spring is here!
thanks for the link. but no love. it recognizes the drive just not the data.
I try to stay open minded about different Earl Grey blends, I really do. I applaud blends and blending. But I am a purest at heart.
Oh , sorry i'd forgotten about Danni .
“: Heads up TNT we have a Nic Cage sighting #conair #niccageclassic” Def saw a Ghost Rider 2 preview today
so where's the hook up aha !
Painting seminar, chalk art festival, an 4 days at the beach next month.
the bathroom at this Fiesta smells like pan dulce
My 5 YO Grandson is meaner than Ali on that game
TEDASHII and LECRAE are some Beast Christian Rappers! God is Good!!
whatcha working on?
check out our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
Christmas Eve. Mass:)
don't wear your earrings to bed!
thanks for the tips tonight!
haha good!! yesterday we had a game and I dont know how many times people were running on first & kept hittin me in my back
Some things in life are better left unknown. I'm reminded of this everyday in every aspect of life.
that's amazing. I thought I lost her when a giant smashed he into the ground and she fell through the mesh. She was only a head.
Heading to Va Beach for E21 USA cabinet meeting--after missed flight I was miraculously helped by a Delta lady in Atlanta to get here!
Learned alot about myself - & Im disappointed
Sorry, I don't know any NYC piano teachers.
#Weallhavetried jerking off and choking ourselves....but we can breathe a lil once we start going fast.....we all tried that right?
I'm staying up late all week
Testing a tweet scheduler.
got your email Malik-- thanks!
it's official.. weekends now start on Thursday
How to Buy an Ergonomic Chair | MyAlera Blog - Blog - Alera
The WreckingBalm giveaway has officially ended & the winner has been notified. Congrats to Tiffany W!
planners are pretty useless if you never remember to write in or look at them. I have no idea when anything is happening, ever.
The snack buffet replaces the 1/2 off apps. We thought free would be nicer!
Dumb and Dumber or Anchorman?
I shouldn't be surprised that Madison, IN provided the most colorful champ Jeopardy! has seen in ages. Great job, Cindy!
oh Man . Lol
I would love to try the Mac Beta version. I'm in the market for a new invoice program. Let me know how to download it. thanks.
Make sure while you are on Mifflin you listen to 'no trespassing' signs, if you don't...gonna be bad news
RIP Junior Seau
lol! Had to get that off my chest!
The real fountain of youth is the water fountain. beautysnatural.com
Still waiting at the doctor's office.
Can someone please follow me ? Feeling lonely haha
Lob City looking more like FLOP City or Cry City. Respect the game
Stop by for a tour! We are conveniently located in #BOYLEHEIGHTS! =)
I love that retweets professional wrestlers so much. That guy doesn't give a shit about shit.
#TeamAmy all of the way ILOVELIZARDLICKTOWING AND AMY SHIRLEY
Pretty sure I just changed my picture 20 times and I hate them all. Cool story.
SO pretty!
Going to the Queen Mary today. Probably staying overnight in Long Beach. Super excited.
girl my thighs be hurting from doing those things last night ...
That's awesome?
I hope all those arrested by #nypd for lawful sidewalk presence go to jury trial and file civil charges over the illegal thuggery
I was missing you on IG & Tumblr! But I know that means things are great in CA so !
R.I.P Trayvon Martin <3
#Randomness No matter how far we run or move away from the past, it seems to catch up. Can u really ignore it, or will it never be at rest?
Imagine if the receptionist was like 'no'
If u refuse to wrestle in NC until they change Amendment 1, u will be my hero.
Some bloggers deserve a distinction! They are much better than media in what they do. Good job!
or you could tell me~ lol
Missed the bus by seconds! It pulled away as I was pulling into the parking lot. And now I wait.
Hi Debbi - and call was amazing, but my Tweetdeck was on the blink. Just got it working! :-)Cheers TU!
I'm sorry to hear this :(
I feel the same way about my box. And who talks about their silly gym in the way we adore #Crossfit ?
today my algebra teacher said one direction and i was like. yeah theyre hot. my tweets are so lame.
as many as it takes for both knees to heal completely
Get em at sec's!
I'm finding it hard to get my mind around the fact that Mark Lester is the godfather of Michael Jackson's children
Call, email, tweet, or write, I'm outta the Facebook crap for 2012.
Our Master of Arts Management (MAM) program at was just approved as an member!
haha hi Jay(: and look whose being funny(;
I'm bored chill wit a nigga lms...
send me that video!
im bored... a good way to spend Easter right ? -__-
Someone must hv posted something very interesting from ur tweets. I was fascinated w/ur Ephesus post.Thanx 4 flwg me back ;)
not my best day feeling sad :(
I'll never stop changing
Hey, fellow #highered and #edu web people: I'm curious to know what you think of Facebook's groups for schools. Thoughts?
It does indeed, though it still wasn't one of my faves from the tasting. Glad you like the post. Hope it's coherent. Fluish here
"Education is not filling a bucket but lighting a fire." - William Butler Yeats
AH, taking off from the office NOW. Going to get on the treadmill and go, go, go! Up at at 'em tomorrow morning. Long day ahead.
they're free, and go on the X-Factor website.
Awww got best male singer & got slimXD #weloveyoujustin C:
Three blog posts in one night...#likeaboss hope you're paying attention
After the 5th guy, something smelled... off.
Has everyone forgot about Diane? It would be really great is someone remembered her.
everything is bugging me 2day... poor ppl around me =/
Today's PSA: If you're going to be a crazy person and talk to yourself, at least get a Bluetooth so ppl around you feel less uncomfortable.
tweeting not facebooking
I'm chilling. You good? Working at petco?
thanks for the links -- I couldn't squeeze them in w/the big list of great upcoming events!
just visited and picked u up a tee...no Lance sitings :(
The weather this week is gonna be so ugly.
thank you to all my new followers lol!!!
That bruise you have but don't know when n why you have it
Okay today was packed ... 1 day left until kickoff get to it.. btw Labor Day cycle special at 8:30am call to get the schedule
I'm sure you'll look phenomenal. Plz send a full body pic
I have a piece of paper with "3:40" printed on it posted to my bulletin board. A faculty member just saw it and knew what it meant. Awesome!
Exercise of the day: Ball Band Arm Row - The Ball Band Arm Row will allow you the flexibility while traveling to work your upper...
Niall don't be sad. You are really handsome. No one can't say the opposite.
I really loved carrie and mr. bigs relationship...
sorry not sorry...
lmoa Chia pets are the poop... Also smh=shake my hand sound way cooler(;
that's where we are heading!
US spends more $$ on education than anywhere. Issue is that bureaucrats far away from classroom making all the decisions.
I think none of the #nicar12 attendants appreciated the "show-me"state and now it's punishing us with wind in NYC.Or maybe just me?
i thought you were on live stream
Tweet at us your best ideas for a Mifflin Street Block Party Themes
The first place #whitesox...has a nice ring to it!!!
When you can't fall asleep, so you playback old conversations in your head....
Ebookviralincome.com make money become a expert author , membership site , I will treat you right and help you on getting started..
Meeting some of the most amazing & lovely writers at the festival. So inspired.
Thank you to for talking to my kiddos about his work in broadcast journalism for career day!
A person full of words & no action, is not qualified to advise me on anything.
added along with Missiles of October. Also Dr Strangelove & Hunt For Red October.
Free appetizer to all wearing red today at the office.... Happy Valentines day!!!
you're most welcome!! We're all family, after all. Looking forward to the next time :-)
Good choice!
haha far away? where u at?
it's closed until the 18 but after we're good. They setting up for graduation
I inspire people to be the best them they can be. If you haven't had a conversation with me, you should. Ask people who have
Thanks Julia, looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow as well!
hey im glad to see u back tip u never left the throne so nobody kept it warm noone could they aint chu
hey guys! referred me to you. Love to get in touch & involved. How do I do so? When is your next meeting?
April is national Alcohol Awareness Month.
The Hilarious Moment When Little Kids Fall, Then Get Up Like No One Saw Them Bust They S***. It Cracks Me Up =D
I miss my blow up bed.
Well, if my dreams are any indication, we've been there for several weeks already!
-no me castigues , que afuera hay mass
uh oh! Little man has a stomach bug. Fun day ahead of this hot momma.
boarded and ready to go! on my way to London! SO EXCITED!!!!
Take a joke people :-)
Love my Kitchen Aid mixer but have returned every attachment that I've purchased for it... Back to slicing carrots with a knife...
#STAR #astrology further thought: Mercury-ruled charts (Gemini or Virgo ASC) when Mercury is aligned with the sect in favor are also strong
Santa monica pier on this sunday morning :)
Florence, Alabama my love!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the team tonight! was almost on Sportscenter.. almost pulled a Suarez..
Success is what you attract by the person you become - Jim Rohn
Oh damn we are friends on Twittah
we actually are looking into it! Maybe we need to do a test run and ship you some! ;-) which is your favorite?
please come apply!!!
Latin America and Caribbean building standards exist on paper, but where's the enforcement - no clue how many "bad" structures -Olson
Going to mow some grass, is it weird that I actually enjoy it?? Haha
- Does anyone know the results of the B sample?
Please remember the children of St. Lucia and Dominica in your prayers.
Why are u badgering Steffy about "ur man"? Who's insecure now, Hope?!~
I wip my hair back and forth
Here's to the Mahomies who actually know who Angel is and how important she was to Austy<3
no, but wish I was!
Had son's 4-month check up on Friday. He weighs almost 22 lbs already. Off the charts for weight & height. Yes - my back hurts.
can't wait to see the look!
Setting up for our Lunch and Learn on idea validation and MVPs!
Loving your city! Going on a #BALLE2012 Farm to Fork tour tomorrow!
Pressure equal more mistakes if yu nervous.
tomorrow never knows.
I guess I'm the only one who really has the spirit cuz is just down puts all around I'm the only one who just wants to be up and out there
Are you talking about the compilation CD ? Its only available in download format, I can send it to you through drop box the complete com ...
Fun Car Fact: Windshield wiper blades were invented by a woman. Mary Anderson was first granted a patent for the device in 1903.
lol Mine too but my family is a little bit crazy! lol so what are you doing now?!!
Keep that wallet fat girl!! Love you and congrats! xoxo
so is JK Rowling as important as Harry Potter? curious to learn whether her name is as valuable as his when she publishes again without him.
Enjoy your day.
thanks how was skip lunch prom stuff ...... ect.
running on 2 hours of sleep. assertion: today is going to be the best day ever.
Yes indeed! And we gonna leave KoKo on the island lol
There will not be a vote by the people on expanding gaming in Kentucky!
THAT'S CRAZY NEXT TYME 2 AVOID THAT JUST BRING ALONG A HUMAN NAVIGATOR BUT IT GOTTA BE SOME 1 U CAN TRUST....SPOK'N WORDS..........
This is a lady parts friendly match
"Stay in touch with the conversation, subscribe to the RSS feed for comments on this post"
You are welcome. Hope you sell lots of copies!
Question For Lucroy: Is beast mode done and if it is will we be seeing something new?
Drive carefully, 90% of people are accidents. #
no punctuation. No nothing.
Spending a day watching the world best tennis players playing at Sony Ericsson Open! I'm so excited!
“: Pacers taking this game, what about the whole series?”DAMN RIGHT THEY ARE
Aww damn lol me too. But naah, I graduate tomorrow. I was just hangin w my Lincoln peoples last night cos I used to go there.
We can help almost any business see the benefits of being social. Be social or be quite!
wawwhh I fucking love you. I feel so shit right now and that's just what I needed. Wanna text me?:)
Uninsured industry professionals do you know about #MPTF Bridge To Health ?
Can wait to see on ABDC todayy along with the other boyzz(::: so happy!!
... Breaking News ... Dmac reunited with his family after being reported missing since march 9th ...
"Why do you want to attend the MidwestUX 2012 Conference this year?" -OR-
Tebow or Eli Manning??
#IamAStanBecause Eminem showed us you don't need remorse
date date date date date date date date date date
Just got the finger while using the crosswalk correctly from an old man driving. That's me in 40 years
Hanging out on the greyhound in crossville...
#FamousLies "I did not..have sexual relations with that woman"
Andrea Young and Gayla Jamison, take the stage
will there be a male Quarian chatacter for multiplayer?
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
YOU BOOK ME FOR A SHOW YOU ASKING FOR TROUBLE SMDH
2 mny execs think thy r wonderful w people becuz thy talk well.They don't realize that being wonderful w pple means listening well-Drucker
NJ Transit should install couches/beds in their train cars.
Tonight is taking pics too so be photo shoot fresh... #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
love your enemies, they need it
woww i hate that little "expand" link under every single tweet. why does twitter keep doing stuff like that. like it's fine, don't fix it.
omg ur so f*ing funny, keep employee coming ;)
Congrats to our firm -We just won CoStar's Power Broker Award for Top Leasing Firms in the Baltimore market - 2012 is looking even better!!
LOL, I'm flip flopping and DVRing. Can't miss Next Chapter or Master Class :)
yeah for new phones!
It's another great day in Detroit....Going to fly my kites and take in the sun.
Thx for the follow! Will you be attending #CUAEF? Look fwd to meeting you!
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum.
trivia #win!
The Mavs are going ALL the way! And oh yeah, Dirk is the MAN!!!
We were just talking about storytelling songs on my Facebook is My Mix Tape group page. Must be something in the air...
your puppy is SOO cute c:
. You got. I've been both a defnse attorney and a prosecutor. balance and experience are key for this office.
Jim Edmunds.win the RF job right here right now....... come on we need a BOMB here!
Yes! She's back. RT Focusing on ALL we HAVE vs. what we don't have - being in the moment w/STAPLES Center fans.
Oh my fuck. There's a bee in my room :O
Everybody's gonna love today... (8).
you're welcome! thanks for the followback!
EXPERIENCE!??? THIS IS NOT AN "EXPERIENCE" LEAGUE. THIS IS A CHAMPIONS LEAGUE.
Once I started watching mad men, I was hooked and watched the rest of the series in a weekend.
:) I applied.
We read "LOST" from Brooklyn
Excited that both kids get to ride horses, disturbed by the graphic nature of the medical release form.
Aw, I won't be here July!
Thanks bro!!!
Pennywise had a bad boy thing going on, 'nam saying?
Yay #twins Great way to relax after a good morning workout on the garden with mom and
Beautiful day 2 eat at your fav truck! We will b in the opryland area today @ wyndham resorts on mcgavock pk fm 11-130 w all your favorites!
4 new tracks on deck. Who wants me to post them??
At for lunch. Gonna be a great day!
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths. ~Joseph Campbell
great show last night! Thanks to all that came out and rocked it with us!
lol....im a good girl lol
birds keep shitting on my car UGH
I'm about to fucking flip out!
thanks. Was not aware of your group.
Just found out our St. Patties show at Waiting Room is gonna have $4 Guiness drafts. Guiness drinkers?
meaby in next year present will be ok xd and food too -,-
also anti-fur shoes...there's something about it that just works
Lunch at Lottie's: Fresh Wednesday w/ local foods prepared w/ love for you and the best drinks around!
Coleman INTERCEPTION! First down Preds!
Hahahaha. Great statement!
Irsay is saying the right things and Peyton seems to be at easy and comrfortable with everything he's saying
"you may kiss the bride".
Friday I love you!
Some gritty defense on both sides.
Aww those poor diabetic polar bears can't move.
The Departed on FX is a great way to start the morning.
Good Morning! It rained all last night and baby it's cold outside! I love the rain!!! And it's Friday! Hope you have a great weekend! :)
when the slide is pushed all the way in, the bugle plays in the key of G.
Tacos for dinner? Who's hungry yet?!
Do I need to dock your pay for damages? Who is Steve?
! I the going to Nigerian churches...they don't get out till like 6.
That's sweet RT ": Dude! The space shuttle just flew over my head in Takoma Park! Way better in person than a live stream..."
A hard-on doesn't count as personal growth.
Take Caltrain to Sunnyvale and cab it.
Read the Bio .... good, bad & ugly.
Remember what you have and be grateful for every day you wake up. Some people out there want nothing more than to live your life.
Got in and out of Tall Tales today and only spent $12. And found #1 of the Pinhead comic. Now if I can just find number 2.....
Jim Collins: humility+will combo of Level 5 not enough in world of chaos + uncertainty
finished 11 mixes for a very clever new TV campaign...watch out for "Generic U"
We miss you too ! Come on home and fire up some Rock Band. You got two tickets to Paradizzle! Pack your bags we'll leave to-nizzle!
Glad you liked it! Much more to come soon including video trainings.
If I ever have a daughter, which is doubtful, fuck kids, I'm thinking Aeriyanna or Jazzelle as names.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays. - Henry Youngman
Can't wait for using Omega HD once again!
True, true. Good point.
is updating my project calender! will be happy tomorrow! Sure glad I have an amazing team backing me up
Wanting Somebody U can't Have I Like Dreams That Don't Come True
Presented learning 2.0 to local ASTD chapter. Not surprised that they don't get this. But saddened.
Ending homelessness has been a bipartisan issue in Congress. Just sayin'
I'm thinking about throwing a Goonies party. I have the 30th Anniversary edition.
how kind of you!
RT : I love that #PDX is featured on Bing today! B-E-A-UTIFUL
Being an athlete isn't easy and anyone that tells you otherwise needs to be mushed in the face
Our 500th tweet! That is all
tried install on another comp, held button for 10 seconds for hard reset...all failed grr for FuelBand
1 in 4 Venezuelans is active on Twitter!
RT : 'Bout time, but we'll take it!--> RT : BREAKING: Obama tells ABC he supports gay marriage.
sorry for the delay, we had to run the numbers. 56% of minorities are from WI. Can send you more detail via email if needed
when I'm doing something and my nose itches
Love H.I.I.T.!! And agreed, you need to do a workout + take the stairs + walk or bike to work.
I'm guessing one could solely based on the fact that it has been so long since the first two.
Ok.. so it's not every day you see a peacock on your block. Sorry I didn't have my cell to take pics.
what's going on tonight?
Jessie J rules my life. Cannot turn her off.
What does a footballer and a magician have in common?Both do hat tricks!
Our favorite "Peanuts" character? Pepperoni Patty, of course. Geez, Charlie Brown, who else?
Man...I remember seeing your episode of "House Hunters." :):) Beautiful voice!
Book Xbox commercial flying to Seattle
Thanks to neighbors & 4 stinking up the air in my house. My unborn baby & cancer dog *really* appreciate it. # airpollution
my dad doesnt want to pass me my money and im not going with no body to disney like but im going with a bunch of imature girls -_-
I definitely feel like I lost a friend today... :((((
Success doesn't come to you......you go to it.
My body is so sore
Now all my exams are finished I can't start my drawing again :).
slight work... slight work.. c;
England has lost a beautiful woman. Thinking of you today Rest in peace Pauline.
that would be purrrrrfect.
Did he mean "advertising is a dirty business" or "advertising should overwhelm your senses" or ___? [I'm not in advertising]
You are probably absolutely correct re: straight guys and Girls viewing parties in my case. Unfortunately. :(
Love me a good schemer.
By the way, that friend of mine who was close to ending their life? They thankfully chose life, and are living a #blessed life.
Who's coming with me man?
Getting ready to meet with other Seattle jazz lovers tonight to have dinner together, listen to jazz and enjoy the sun.
This is going to be a stressful game. I but am glad I know Greenbay is going to win. Because I have faith.
I second that. RT“: Congratulations, friend! He is so good. You're pretty awesome too. Love.”
Thanks to the excellent Sage Health Network for the RT of "Sexy at Sixty."
Figures I would miss a game like this one bc it isn't televised today!
Wild eyes... Staring deeply into the large ocean of possiblies.... Smiles sweetly to her self and jumps.
Have a blast, I want to be with you! Erin, I'm going to Florida with you, b/c you travel w/o me too much!
Spent some quality time in Muji myself.
Kimi Raikkonen approves of Clark Kellogg's DQ product placement.
That's the MF truth...It's always them #NonFactorMf's lol
happy inauguration day everyone! (pat buchanan looked like he had sucked on a lemon in his appearance on Hardball. ha!)
Shouldn't that be the case for the "desktop" web too?
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend That loves to tell lies.
UrbanTour Host pioneered Community Tourism in Miami's Historic Cultural Neighborhoods-one block at a time.Toured 30,000 in the past 10 years
Today my husband brought me Gatorade and now I swear by it. I don't have a dehydration headache like I normally do with water.
ask Sean Clark. I got you man....
That awkward moment when a fat person says "That's how I roll"
hey! whats up?
I love your new twitter name.
Before you judge me, keep in mind that you have no fucking clue who I am and what I'm going through.
Hashtag Search! What are all the job searching related hash tags for #JobSeekers besides:
Going to hit the gym hard this week after an indulgent weekend. Lots of cardio coming our way!!
Port Chuck tonight, and a bevy of beautiful women stopping in before the show
I Tweet what ever crosses my mind at that moment. I'm very blunt.. Sometimes I think that's a bad thing.
wins wins wins wins wins feb 20th at 7pm. 2 tickets. we recommend bringing rita.
RT : McMegan, who recently bought a $1500 blender-is 'blender'code fpr some other electromechanical pleasure device?
This dude The Weekend & his producers gon have ery1 producing post dub step/hop hop/RnB beats like Genuine timbo & missy did back n da day
yeah send them NOW
Where was that effort in the 5 losses, last two games they played like they cared, finally.
When my sister screams at me when i am almost asleep
At #westsidecomedy open mic... We're gonna try this one a little buzzed
so exhausted from work, but is worth it (:
my phone is so slow.
I would like to know we are arguing the most memorable artist of the 2004 international at 3am in a bar. R. Crumb is winning.
#hategettingtold We can't cash your paycheck sir, there are insufficient funds.
Its my last day at the NFL and all I want is a RT from C'mon Rich, one for old times sake?
TU Dixie, I know this lines up w who u r too. I so adore you and appreciate you. (dats a tear in my eye & dats ok happy tear)
I went to the Peabody when I was in college, but that means it was probably at least 10 years ago. I have fond memories, though.
Can we get Gustavo on tambourine?
I FUCKING LOVE HUMMUS!!
Get well soon PLEASE!
Thank you for your help!
You already know
Yerbe Mate, it is! I'll try it! I like that it's known as "The ancient drink of health and friendship" Thx for the tip!
right on...great stuff.
She is? I have no clue...I was just reading their tweets back and forth! And it was trending, haha.
I'm loving this day in the NFL!
Never judge a song by its cover.
You know how Draymond Green has been at MSU for 9 years, well Tim Duncan has been in the NBA since '78.
just locked in my dates, June 7 - 16th
I couldn't sleep last night so I got about 5-6 hours of sleep!! :/
#geek > #gov20 RT : if ((Republican && Democrat) || (Innovative && Crowdfunding)) {System.out.println("The JOBS Act Rocks!");
#newspaces4learning harder because their tool belts are smaller
Occupy May day is going down in Bryant Park right by my office..... Cool 😳
Karina is more well known in general. Bryan may be in that poker room though.
Congrats to the Audubon Society's Children and Nature Collaborative for winning the San Diego Choice Awards for Environmental Stewardship!
I can transform ya, I can transform ya, I can trans I can trans I can transform ya ;)
Ugh.. & then another bum cums & orders with a big booger in his nose.
He's fine! :) He works very much so he doesn't have so much time for me..But I still have Ryan! Hahaha
and yes, absolutely first time friendly. It's a season "kick off" & after-party with our friends at Going to be fun!
I know the has to pay for it's online operations somehow, but those pop-ups are REALLY annoying.
I'm so happy to start my new job at Saks Fifth Avenue at Fashion Show Mall can't wait.
