A little mid day break to watch a little #iubb in the #B1Gtourney and then back to the grind! Go Hoosiers!
The only journey is the journey within. Rainer Maria Rilke
#uppers Yes.
Having fun talking #opendata with Australians via skype. Global interest in #opendata and are growing.
didn't check myself, but I'd be scared to...
is in the house!!!
I hate staying home by myself.
The new HQ rocks! Big, better, bolder.
justin bieber
I'm learning to twat, I don't get it
America, you reelected Bush and he invaded the wrong country. It's hard to believe this thing is even close.
Havin a good day who!!!
RETWEET If you WANT more followers .I'll PROMO YOU ( Must be following ) !!!
thanks for the follow and support Ryan keep rooting for your local favs
Thanks to for consistently RTing our reports!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
hey, thanks!
Thanks, Jason.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
You are an adult, please don't punctuate your sing song jargon with giggles.
Is back again at WSCC/UWS for the final day of the symposium. Today's topic? #Kinesiotaping and #chiropractic. #Yes!
I'll take it!
Gorgeous day in Santa Monica again. And I saw 2 hummingbirds in the garage. Seems like it'll be a good day!
See you there. RT: “: last time I saw was surreal. Always been a great show. Tonight, HARLEM, USA.”
+ “: Co-sign. RT : The Facebook social reader is the worst thing on the Internet.” <-- agreed!
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Any working out I did during the wk was probably washed out by the 2 caramel frapps I've had at sbux the past 2 days #AtLeastTheyWereLight?
When we walked by the Village Vanguard yesterday, my father decides to suddenly remember that he saw Jimi Hendrix there in the 60s. What
You there?
and then some people are just jerks. xo
Kathleen Rebbert-Franklin, acting Director of ADAA, provides overview of public addiction treatment funding.
Did my 10 year old say "i just wanted to shake him and say YA TRICK"?? #OMG no more plays for you!
I have heard one direction 5 times today:) and loving it
Im so sleepy .
No problem! Do you use iTunes?
is she ur crush austin?<33
I am Legend... Let the beat build bitch!
& Thanks for the support!
had such a blast hanging out last nte, need to do it WAY more. Beer didn't last long E.. So good. Thx.
I'm going to start singing to everyone on this bus with my morning voice. I sound just like Whitney Houston.
loving this breeze
QT: jinxx sounds fanceh ehh? N0? Well his full name might! Bur...what is it?!?!?!?!?! 10 points!!!!! (AA is in the lead with ten And i
Damn Bottle war tonight between DeSean Jackson and some Soccer Players @ Colony tonight....Soccer players won BABY! LOL
My last tweet was 4 months ago. See you guys in another 4 months!
Had a great time tonight helping #chefnellbenton salt crust her sea bass!
i did not grow up in #jcmo either. we should connect to introduce you to lots of people here. #jcmo needs you here!
please dedicate a segment to this.
Ayyyyy i love lavender and purple if u do pllllz follow me ahola
Candlelight Crossing- Dec16 6:30-8:30p $5 - See the train & poinsettia show @ an evening reception w/holiday treats.
i wish hahah:)
Thanks for choosing to serve this summer!
made some tender BBQ chicken over a bed of brown rice with steamed broccoli!
studying for my test tomorrow and its math :o
I dont give a shit. Im just being me, you just have to deal with it.
#ifyoureallylikedme then you would shut the fuck up, go in the kitchen, and make me a sandwich !
Tomorrow evening we are having Family Night. Our deals start , we can't wait see you!
Right?! omg, I wonder what people in another state think of us lol
I think i have the BIGGEST beiber fever EVER
If you haven't already, start following and check them out on facebook. Start selling stuff today!!!
Bored.....with a lot of things and a lot of people
We're rolling down a country road, He's my shotgun rider, I'm the lucky dog beside him, My lips are where his kisses go
Congratulations to Joseph Schirle on booking Private Practice!!! You rock Yosephie!!!
I think you should write another chapter;)
Keep being funny, the world needs you.
Thank you. Looking forward to this enhancing our learning time together.
Can I have it? Please?
I need to stop making excuses for you, come up with your own.
Sometimes our plans have to fail in order for God’s plans to succeed.
Once upon a time, I gave a shit. Now I don't. The end.
Need #Beats #Graphics #FOLLOW the best >>>>
whats up big dog,?
give Pittsburgh ON AIR talent a first class contract for a first class city.
playing Friday & Saturday 6:30 Jazz @ Lincoln Center Frederick P. Rose Hall. Includes New Orleans food, drink and art!
no1 is hating, stating a fact. He's already famous, he doesn't need a label either to live his dream. Wake up to reality.
Thank u 4 sharing cookies, candies, chocolates, popcorn & cupcakes! So delicious & no nuts, no eggs, no dairy!
Hooray! Hooray!
like it. I never started watching it, because I already watched so many other shows.
Goodmorning Austin is trending worldwide AGAIN :D great way to start a boring Monday isn't it ;)
You get the right artists by networking in and out of your record label
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It to Beaver."
#incollege I consistently underachieve
Office 2011 switches to Outlook on Mac. will keep playing around, let you know if I succeed.
Ah crap.. I have to pay #libraryschool tuition tomorrow.
#2011icf The key to using your intuition is by asking great questions "how can I...?" or "I need more info about.."
Recently watched for "bad movie night" with friends. Classic Joshua Jackson!
God is not soft on sin! That's why He brutally beat His own Son mercilessly. It cost Jesus everything to cost us nothing!
yes! haha and ugh i hate you :( you got/get to go to the ymca :(
Hey we trying to donate our BUS to help the FIRE VICTIMS who do we talk to to help charter them out of danger anyone???? 512 AREA FIRES!
a bit hectic to start, long wait, but mgmt was accommodating & dinner + sunset were excellent. Friends visiting enjoyed it!
i feel like sh1t
Media reports accurate; the State will give proposed consent agreement to City Council tmrw. I'm reserving comment until I review document.
yeah but it was for my last tweet. Lol someone was bound to ask me, "what class?"
woops last update meant to be a reply to you. But it's still plays a major role and people look to radio to be introduced to
it was from Judge Glenda Hatchett have not found her source yet : (
The unique words that love to say "I love you TOO, and I am very proud to be Belieber,Today and Always! Follow me and I Answer
Senior privilege, never getting in trouble for tweeting in class #classof2012 what up ;)
Thank you for RT's and Mentions and listings
And then follows with a slide of straw men...
Thanks for the RT of the #Blog. Much appreciated.
I can't Apperantly I'm not allowed...
a couple days late on this, but I'm inspired by my sister the (now two-time) marathoner and my ironmen friends. well done!
I had fun also :) u better call me again today :) I missed ur voice
I LOVED that show. It's still one of my faves.
now that's just hurtful
I'm diggin' it! As a bass player and a fan of a driving beat, my favorite was "Big Mistake" but they are all solid songs.
MOTHER : "give me your phone" YOU :* delete all messages* LOL :3
I was asleep from like 6 till 10, now I wont sleep :(
will true Christians stick by the word of God or turn a blind eye afraid of ridicule
Obama proved tonight in the #StateOfTheUnion that his policies and ideas are so much better than any of those in the GOP primary
I wish my brita filter wasn't the one who decided how fast the water should pour out. Now I have to clean up the floor.
Nap time and catching last night's episode of Sharktank. ABC app rocks!
I keep telling Mom that I need a new charger but she never buys me one -___-
Lol yeah baby!!!
I truly love the Santa Rosa Flying Goat
Cool, It's not a #FIFA date so the whole squad will not be here! Still must attend! U23 players to come
local lunchbox is featuring us today! Listen in at 1, hear some songs. some lps and a couple spots 2 r June 8 release show up 4 grabs!
I was at the center at memorial park
neither, we're all losing.
Never did and never will. Dont mistake weakness for kindness.
Don't worry If you missed last night's screening of "The Magic Life." The second screening is this morning at 10:30.
don they have cooling systems and water right there on command
Everybody Loves Eddie the Hair Stylist of your Dreams 404.454.1494 for yor next appt.
You are amazing & i hope you never forget about your beliebers<3
R.I.P. junior seau
Excited to hear how and reached diverse audiences through the Sonic campaign
Consider yourself followed
thanks for coming out to to interview the team at our North Lamar store & help us kick off #thegoodgive weekend!
Are there any #sexed curricula inclusive of #LGBT and #queer youth issues?
I'm thinking the miller moth is Colorado's state bird. Just sayin ~
So great to see the team yesterday! Good luck with the rest of your busy season!
awesome. looking forward to it
Honestly with #ASOT550 and ultra just makes march the best month ever
All is well. Crazed here as well but it's a great problem to have. Are you going to SXSW?
Slept ALL day yesterday, turns out i'm allergic to some antibiotics i was prescribed and broke out ALL OVER in hives. It was terrible!
Carlos Boozer playing his ideal position for crunch time - cheerleader
RIP victims of 911
Tonight were pin ha ha ha ha ha ha hard
hope your weekend was fabulous! Great weather for getting out and being active
the attitude of people just gets on my nerves
RIP #FrankCarson I had the great pleasure of working with Frank more than once in the UK. What a truly hysterical legacy he leaves behind...
He was eaten by Dany's dragons from Game of Thrones.
My family's feelings towards my relationship crack me up 😂
where ya at now?
I hate when people say you never talk to me anymore wtf the phone work on both ends you got hands !
The frenemy: someone who is both your arch nemesis and also your BFF for life for life for life
Same class, same phenomenon w #feministporn. What was theory is now everyday reality. Internet has made pro-sex #feminists of us all.
hi everyone!
any link for a $3 psn code?
Hoping your talent will even make it better. Tiny Ron Taylor
They are?! I was there last Friday night at California rolling and they were still there.
I've become best friends with some of the most beautiful souls I've ever known. And God has revealed Himself to me through them.
. On GIMP or photoshop? Think I will download GIMP, photoshop costs an arm and a leg!
Find what you love and live it.
you will be missed!! can't believe you're shanghai-ing for good. =(
no problem <33
Stop by for Burlesque Bingo Bango tonight. Win pair of tix to Rolling Stone Volkswagen Fan Tailgate at the show!
Badgers cant buy a charge this game
My nickname >>>> my real name
i doubt it's news to anyone, but timothy dolan totally fucking sucks.
Il serait parfait comme GM. RT : Well, I did it. On , I just announced my candidacy for GM of the
Just joined Weight Watchers online...wish me luck!
Rick Jones tells of his experiences as a youth. Beautifully done!
We all tweetin and making wasps!!
SharePoint: What is it? A browser-based collaboration and document management platform. Apparently everyone has one of these
Wikipedia has thousands more topic lists; some even are lists of other lists
It's National Gumdrop Day?! Is there a conspiracy to make me gain 20 pounds?
My blood fucking boils when I know that bitch is around. -_-
it was!! And very delicious!!!! :)
what if i want to ._. ?
Salmon with wine pairings. Darren at bin-on-the-lake is going all out for this lunch tasting. Join us - apply at www.TasteTweet.com YUM!
We are currently accepting clients for Layouts, Photography, Logos, and Animated Promotional Banners. Message us via Myspace for prices.
TEXT-S&P raises OHSF Financing rating to 'A (sf)'
Oh logan square and your toddlers in Ramones t shirts.
I think I've done all I can do in several hours organizing 1/2 my house - found stuff I need to sale, keep, maybe donate ...
i love you.
yes you're...i hope you don't do it again and yeah..i love you too<3 *kiss you back* 😊
probably a good call!
Thanks for the RTs. Appreciated greatly. Have a fabulous Friday!
Completely agree! And she's prob the best person I know. She's amazing. :)
I always say put your best goods in the front window....
This Jupiter model does have the F key and the low Bb but is priced similar to the Selmer 1492B which does not have the F Key
At a listening session to learn more about the new UW System University Personnel System. Simplicity, Consistency & Coherence.
- buying from means every dollar goes straight to the artist with no middlemen. Plus we have signed copies!
Gladiators, May 16th in Milwaukee: "Clash of the Titans!!!" Super Heavyweight Title: Champ Paul Martinez vs. 6' 10" 400 lb Terry Kleiman.
dont be ignoring my calls
Fixed. Thanks!
Anytimr baby you mean alot and special to me
I think it's an iPhone haha
I try not to put "lol" in every text, but I'm just so damn funny.
nice relaxing day today~ <3
One thing I know, go hard young go hard...
i know right?
I love how I'm getting ready for work and and are always still up tweeting. Go to bed Kenye!
Alabama doesn't buy Romney's corn-pone "I like cheesy grits" act. Santorum wins AL.
always puts you in a good mood on the road
Parise by like a billion percent
RT Reduce your child’s risk of food-borne illness: Thoroughly cook animal products, & wash veggies & fruits that are eaten raw.
Ahh so annoying!
least i got this muhhfuckin freshly baked pound cake to cheer me up
Web Development Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Launch of its ERP Customization Services
economic benefits accrue to those who already have good jobs. And partner can only get health insurance if other already has it.
cause my I live in ATL now . and I didn't have a way to NC
eww so true back to reality. But that dream was oh so sweet we were ALL living.. Let's do it again.. Real soon!
solid 2.5 hrs this am. good to ride with my lsrc teammates. it's been too long.
It is about how we live - we need to move beyond hoping that _____ (fill-in) will come along and fix whatever is wrong (Senge)
Raised me by herself
Just dug through the garbage can to get it out of the very bottom. Basically all of my clothes were in that bag.
Knowledge exists to be imparted.
Product developers: create hard board product w/ high R value + fire retardant = 1 step spot insulation for existing masonry walls ?
nothing much chilling
if Santorum wins the nomination... I will be very disappointed in America, and a little scared for the future!
COCO LOUNGE BOUT TO BE CRAKALACKIN' TONIGHT! MY HOMIE SAID HE POPPIN BOTTLES SO I'LL JUST LEAVE MY MONEY HOME TONIGHT! GO DJ... THAT'S MY DJ
Today, men should give birth for women. Happy Women's day!
I am loving Loopy!
TBH is the best acronym ever conjured.. tbh.
no problem bro
you better not send that thing home with The same goes for all of you suffering from
thank you and I look forward to enjoying you also
the rents are coming to the city. It's also my birthday. Next time!
aww man that sucks. No bro the phone i have is messing up a lot right now. :/
Going to bed. I feel like poo! >:( Goodnight and blessed dreams y'all!
CAN'T WAIT TO LISTEN 's NEW COVER ;) gonna be perfect as always :p
I Havent Been On Heree In a Min But As Soon as I Got On I wrote this to sho sum L♥ve ! iLy MB #HappyLateBirthdayPrince♥
haha oh trust me she soo does! Daddy takes good care of his babygirl :) but you have my word, ill def tell her that for sure :}
I read where Westover voted to ban. They tabled it before second reading I believe.
I need somthun to do..sombody hit me up asap
Lonely- Z-ro perfect song of how I feel.
Tacos sound good right about now! can i come with youu?(; haha
haha I was like in craddock but I figured it out ha
Made a late, fast lunch of tuna salad. Afternoon slump so I made coffee too. Terrible, terrible combo.
I wouldn't sound like a 'broken record' of you answered the fucking question the first time I asked it.
View our menu & place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
Marlins make 10- year contract offer to Albert Pujols
Survived an audit today, supposedly a random pick. True test of deoderant effectiveness.
Outside of his flukey September last year, Morel has always sucked. A career .631 OPS speaks for itself.
swear I hella didn't even know u go to south :/ ! we coulda been done hung. out
I really don't know why it's such a big deal though.
i had almost forgotten about fireflies..
The fight song
- those #klipschheadphonesplease would have been nice on my flight from SF. Enter me to win.
Thanks i am feeling much better and will be at the Bike from Wednsday April 11th good luck to you.
Wahhhh, well we'll miss you!
Just received a notification on my phone. Lolla 3-Day Passes are now sold out.
whens a good day to go to D23? hm
at first it was a novel but a pal told me to write it as a memoir. so i did but that was 6 years ago.
#dissappointment never seems to end.
Thanks same to you two!
Well Basically its a site where we want to write tech stuff like apple,gaming,sony etc... example iphone 4s release
After this brutal day of #TRXTeam ass kicking, I am now going rock climbing with and
so last nigh i was dreaming that came into my house ! :D but the one i truly love is why didnt i dream of him ?D;
Is there a heaven for a G? I would like to know only thing is a nigga gotta die to know...
#libraryschool friends, Just used for my upcoming poster presentation. It looks beautiful & the process was simple & affordable
Can I renegotiate my package cost with you via twitter? Non-promo cost is outrageous and ready to leave Comcast for Verizon.
"Our good fortune allowed us to feel a sadness that our parents didn't have time for, and a happiness that I never saw with them."
bout to call keem and watch asia star .
I am firmly convinced that Eamon de Valera was at least one quarter giraffe.
If it's 1-2 I don't know if I'll go... But Computation goes off, you should definitely play it
Hands/feet clicking? Try hydrating. Could be a surplus of air/deficit of lubrication the synovials, often from caffeine or phosphoric acid.
oh man you got a face even an instagram filter couldn't fix /:
I don't really understand this one. Sounds like Days of Our Lives. RT : A Word for Prayerful Reflection: SAND
can you wish me a Happy Late Birthday :), my bday was yesterday. <3
Oh, to taste the salty oils
I'm bout to download temple run
How was it & discussion?
After upgrading Android phone to 2.3.3, browser crashes 90% of the time when opening Google News from home screen. No chance to report crash
Probably sleeping. haha! Just had to update him myself.
"Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail."
Blackmon: 1. keep doing the good you're already doing.
keep smiling girly!!! You're a special person!! 💜💜
hahahahaha. You're not even following Dumbass
RT : Chef Mejia's wine and food demo for the Tournant Society was amazing!
Nothing pisses me off more when I'm watching a basketball game then when a reff calls a foul and he is on the other side of the court
oh yeah the league is back!
massive thanks to all of our fans for supporting our #FAIL tsar song to study! Luv u invisible fans!
Inaugural Speaker at the Wagner-Noel Performing Arts Center - Odessa American
we here in Orlando have no luv for you. That's what you get for leaving!
Nobody is perfect...
The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 3 weeks for a performance that will leave you in stitches. Don’t miss this one!...
Time to get Frankie up for school....some mornings are easier than others....we shall see! waking up her 7yr old
see you Friday sir!!
Phil Mickelson and I have more in common today than we ever have before.
ah, these grapes taste sour.... RT : Is Romney conservative? Hogan Gidley: "I don't know."
Thanks for the follow and keep up the great work!
We know how to part.
Today's #RedSox line-up brought to you by Rudy Pemberton's Justice League of Emergency Back-Ups and Utility Men.
Happy birthday to my little brotherr! I love youu.(:
Sr VDI/View Development Architect in Mtn.View, CA apply directly email .net #jobs,
Don't you hate it when you're watching The Beverly Hillbillies trying to pleasure yourself to Ellie May and in walks Miss Hathaway. Yuck.
Happy birthday !!!!
Bandits won yesterday. Devon had 4touchdowns!! Then us ladies just hung out with a stripper pole. So lots of laughs
no its not me.. what they tell u
We have finally arrived to Chicago to party it up! Excited for the weekend and meeting everyone soon :)
Yes, let's block the only stairs in the building to take a picture... ugh I'm so not a morning person and these ppl are not making it better
I aspire to be the kind of person who cares more about what I'm about to say than what you will think of it.
Count my own money, see the paper cut fingers.
Looking for a good conference to go to this year any recommendations?
big plans for New Years Eve? I am going to hang with the fam.
yep(: & we got stuff for duncans hamster :p
When I get back on stage after Baratunde, can I pull you up to talk about the women developers session?
Whats the new name for? Didn't that used to be your sn?
it made driving through NYC the closest to tolerable its ever been
Has anyone else #read "Curse of the Blue Tattoo" and thought "A Little Princess" + (great) changes?
please it would mean alot :-)
Who did they give up ?
It's something about seeing you go hard that does something to me,everytime I look at you,I am left with a greater determination!
lol, hopefully! happy St Patty's day :)
35 minutes until the #swmadison -- and the world -- gets to marvel at … "it does things"
what's the second bar you're going to tomorrow? I want to watch the end of the Caps game and might have to miss BD
Agreed. I've been saying the same ever since the Oklahoma St game
Come taste our food on Sat from 10:30-2pm at Evolv Gym
your name sounds familiar.
Spikes INT in coverage. *Huge* for his maturation.
No worries, Let them go, i'm still here to listen to your babbling..
no matter how bad my night is , i wake up the next morning and the sun always shines .
Olly murs 🎶 such a diff sound I love it💗
. You are too nice to me! xoxo
Wow what next!?!?!
cool note. Thanks for sharing.
Like a good SEC football player Ridge Wilson is there......With a bag of Xanax! Can I get a hot tub?!
I can't make fun of her any more. She blocked me.
#milwaukee Everyone be ready for big improvements coming to Fillingers!
Congrats to ! You've won the white clutch from #SpringFling Preview!!! DM me with your name/address!
Saw great exhibit by Fernando Botero, Colombian artist who paints "chubby" figures -- social criticism. Very cool and interesting
If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business
deadman wonderland is a badass show
Yeah, can we address ? #musesocial Is anyone (other than ) exploring those possibilities?
This is more than good-bye
I did everything by myself! I don't need !!
You are pure genius - thanx!
Is it that obvious that I'm a cat person?? LOL
Yeah just real busy with kids
Everybody go follow
Happy Friday!
haha excellent. Tony was singing the songs all the time after we saw Wicked. It turned him into a fan of Broadway musicals.
91 shots 2 goals, amazing goal tending
Search warrants show alleged cop-killer thinks crime will make him famous. Jailers taped more than 700 of his phone calls.
Thru our NEA-funded series "Publish it Forward" Grub is hosting , and What a line-up! Stay tuned.
if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want 2 know a classic interview question where do u see urself 5-10 yrs from now?
It ok yea its alright just another day in paradise
#USHOWINOFF when you step out the limo and pumpin the gas for the driver
8am bus much more preferable than 9am bus. Way less crowded and everyone is quiet since they're prob still waking up.
your family will forever be in my thoughts and prayers.
Tired. Been up for almost 24 hrs!
call me
Thank you so much!!<3
Just got back from a great Milwaukee Bucks playoff game!! FEAR THE DEER, FEAR THE DEER
dOES ANY BODY KNOW A DIGITAL ANIMATION STUDENT???
so true!
passionlessDrone on Cure your Aging Synapses with this New Diet and Exercise Regimen!
u now what, it's ok. I understand how u fell. It will be hard to forget about u. I can understand u like other people but I
Didnt get to play much at #PAX BUT HAD A TOTAL BLAST
Getting ready for the LAUNCH of a new social media venture - Wine, Internet, Celebrities, Charities, and FUN - you won't want to miss it...
LOVE IT
PAUSE! i did NOT know you were workin at Alison Group! uhmmm thats freakin awesome woman!
Doing the same for you. :)
I am finishing a novel about the love story of the poets Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett. Thanks for nice words!
O, you all are such jetsetters! I want to go to Brazil, do you want a travel buddy? Haha ;)
Vlingo is weird.
Sunglasses and Advil last night was mad real.
The kids have school pictures today. Wow, these packages are not cheap. Especially when you are buying packages for more than one child.
and please follow me also I LOVE U SO MUCH!!!! <3
The shackles are off and all my distractions are under a benzodiazepine haze… I’m feeling it now… time to get it!
Painting my nails 💅 ☺
This weekend would have been Art Chicago... somebody screwed the pooch on that one.
Took an order for a strap that is going to look like a computer chip. I think we'll call it "Silicon Meets Leather".
UGH I WANT THIS EXAM TO BE OVER WITH.
Get excited about your future or stay stuck to your past. The choice determines your present. - Coach Leslie
Uggh, LibGuides. Not all librarians love them.
Had a fun time last night and i am excited for a fun day today :)
please check your email about typo/error
Happy Easter! Come and celebrate with Us in DC at
I start break dancing this Saturday :D
ill be sure to watch!
When your weekend alarm is set earlier than your weekday alarm.
“: you was killin dog in the post. Lol. They had to double n stuff.”--Haha yeah it was sad for bro. Yep we won.
#steampunk is all about the funky Victorian fashion. Plus steam-powered laser guns. :)
bank of america sucks!! They stole 3 bills from me. I deposited 1260 machine got stuck now they say a month later they say it was 960
you can read?? ;) tell me how it is! I want to read it!
Up and at 'em!
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333333
they opened the 2nd one about a month ago.
You seen the poor girl's photos? .__.
I'm sorry buddy… I didn't know you were planning on it O_o but GOD's got something for you ;P You just have no idea yet… ^_^
Best cleaning service in. detroit
totally! As long as I get to come to LA!
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
I'm so glad that you're going to be there dude!
Oops, make that Leclerc, not LeClerc.
- yep, I've been hanging on to Galatians 6:9 for about 15 years now. That's my life verse. Waiting for the harvest.
Ha. She's still hanging out. Due date on Thursday. :)
You're welcome ! Glad we were able to share something new with you and your followers :-)
#bostoncommon is so nice right now. Beautiful weather and a lot of people enjoying the park.
Transportation and transit are critical to Michigan's future prosperity. Read how Gov. Snyder plans to change the way MI tackles...
Sweet! Come on drake can't mess with that! He's too sweet
- its one of my new favorite shows
bitter loss #redskins...maybe next time.
Yes, *sigh.
Just watched Chad pin Dawnie down to give her a shot...
I've got way too much work to check up, so I'm off to the spreadsheet mines.
April 2012 - Building Bridges for Business will host Small Business Works. Build Your Biz + Show You the Money !!
RT : RT : The importance of #studyabroad #DipNote from "Study Abroad Can Change Your Life—And Your Country"
Im bored. Tweet me ? :)
ha! Not condoning Beckett's action but, come on, playing 18 is same as pitching? Fans/Media sound like angry YouTube commentators
See our Learning Impact Award (LIA) winning project with e-Learning for Healthcare (e-LfH) today from 4pm to 7pm - in #DevLearn ‘DemoFest’
hahaha for real
aye don't ruin the moment I'm try a give you props here -.-
Holy cow! How much is gas? I fill up my supercharged suv for $60! $3.59 a gallon & that's premium!
news 12 is coming to interview my bro about the Yankees =] then errands and such all day!
its Aprils fools day guys
Alberta's Last Thursday ends at 10pm. Please respect! You don't have to go home, but you can't stay in the street!
Age does not protect you from love, but love to some extent protects you from age.
Should I be worried that I actually had to look both Rebecca Black and the song Friday?
Its just what I needed! ha... How's good old LA?
Tyler Hunt with a two-run triple w/ 2 outs in top of 7th -- his 3 hit of the game -- gives Fennimore a 7-2 lead after 6 1/2 innings.
what house?
On Track to the Kingdom by Rontavis Shamar is available for your Nook, iPad and so much more. Get your copy today
Remember that you are unique - just like everyone else.
It is never too late to be what you might have been
Lots of sales here at STUFF this week! 9770 SE 82ND AVE. - Happy Valley, OR 97086
were u in a car or walking
Homemade #pizza tonight? OK! :)
haha you must be like "wtf is he talking about?" an awful lot then! 😝
Girls soccer game! Leggggoooooo
No more spending money though hah broke as a joke right now. I just figured I don't want to miss anymore days so just did it
KENTUCKY WILDCATS! GOT TO LOVE THE BIG BLUE///Yes I do
you tweet every 5 minutes.
can i get a shout out?
It felt SO good to return! I missed it so much. Thank you! See you soon!
*~Prodigy know he wanna follow me we cn be reese buddies~*
If #oomf lived in #ATLANTA I wouldnt smoke no more.... Well or as much as I do....
Rush doesn't count?
Whadd up fam?! How you livin? When you gonn send me some #mixtapes to toss on ?
All this mothers day shopping is bumming me out
That's the only way I take them!!!
say hi to CA for me.
In love with this pic really hot!
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative reply to its intrinsic limits and troubles.
nice! So far ive only got Tron and a doofy Putty from Power Rangers xD
This is bigger than Starbucks! Call Right Now 916 233 3990 Code: 66367# Then contact me after the call.
Planning the Streak for this Saturday! Get ready Nashville
There's a "Free Bradley Manning" rally going on at JC Nichols fountain right now. Thoughts?
IT'S.LIKE.AN.ADDICTION.
I've always wondered what it's like to be a girl
seven runs by #Giants and a two run inside the park homer by #Falcons. 7-2 end of 4th inning. Warm up the middle relief!
Band tips, Music advice, insider hookups... STAY TUNED!!!!
Bet I'm on timeout again smh...
Looking for fish today? Try our take on Fish and Chips: Wittekerke-battered Lake Superior whitefish served with a half order of frites.
Good! How are you? We have the same name... loll :)
I miss working with you, too! Good to be back. Just saw the Pompeii exhibit- it was fabulous!
In honor of i just had some watermelon
justin timberlake is on it :) and so is Seal :) its like old school I love it!!!
all the best to Pineda- recovery, success. not sorry for the Yankees, though.
My brother just tried to take my starburst from me but he couldn't even get it out of my hands. Congrats tough guy.
I'm going to see George Wallace at Tropicana in Las Vegas this Thursday, March 15th, really excited!!!
ugh ugh ugh
I think I have long hair until I come to WalMart and see all of these gurls rockin' the butt-length do's.
stay safe lots of trees down here and power out so the traffic is unreal - not many injuries though so that is a blessing
turkey bacon?
Things happen here "automagically" a LOT. Someone somewhere on campus is waving their hands behind a curtain... ;)
We’re glad to hear you think so! Have you tried our granola bars or cereal? RT: Sunbelt fruit snacks is the best ever
I come and go. It's fun when it's fun.
his smile <3 & then when you make eye contact oh lord
Have you tried Zotero?
People these days are so stupid!!!!Ima mill myself dude!!!!!!!!
RHONJ is so funny omg
RJ Harmon will join us on the stage tomorrow night at Next. Check it out!
Guys... I didn't mention I scored on Flower... Well I did.
Fill in the blank: My favorite "timeless" fashion piece that I will never part with is/are my ________________.
Does anyone else notice the music from the ice cream truck is terribly flat?
Ooh! I've never tried that, but it seems like an elegant solution (using existing equipment - always better)
fresh strawberries, bagel, coffee. Let the programming begin!
Time for #Komen to get new PR people?
& Del along w/ Steve Key & Co. were a great act to follow. Thanks so much for the LOVE.
Sitting in the Walter Gropius house at Wheaton College (MA), anticipating a great day of collaboration
Uugh, what to do... no kids and my wifes heading to the cities... crazy
girl are In class
When i don't have plans, it's hard not to spend the whole weekend in bed.
learning about social media at Justice for All Center before heading to
Little Latin boy in drag lol
WRONG Nikki is the queen
Yum! RT : The lounge is open tonight for #TacoTuesday! Al pastor and house made chorizo will be in the mix.
haha indeed! If u come to SD u should drop by the store! :)
Austin! Austin! Austin! Austin! (: Will you follow me?(:
Hi, Sean. Any recent mentionable job postings?
Last Call for my 8800th Tweet
I figured. Its just a misleading way to present the data, IMO. Thanks for the link.
HUGE thank you to everyone who came out to the show at O'Riley's last night! Packed house was so much fun to play for! You all rock!!!
Alright everyone! Help me out by tweeting and tell them to put me on the show ;) thanks!
I did steroids when I was much much younger (wasn't a dr) but the body I achieved later in life was all natural
what's better then blogs and coffee in the morning? beach walk and coffee!
We have so much vegan dough! vegan chocolate dough AND vegan oatmeal banana! Try some with dark chocolate, dried fruit or walnuts!
have you downloaded it?
He'll never learn! Can only laugh.
Cheap tip for all my phobic friends“: FOOD TIP # 1: A bay leaf in a container of flour, pasta, or rice will repel bugs.”
Save a horse, ride a cow, boy!
Yay! to help procure judges for the show this year. Thanks Mr. Holloway!
Anyone have a banjo they want to give to me?
Yeah me and my lil bby try
emiko oye will be in Art Of #Toys tonight for Alister Olivers fashion show with her #Lego jewelry!
We observed the National Day of Prayer at the leadership team meeting Proverbs 3:5-8.
Mr. Moon, May I sleep now? Fence mending in the pasture tomorrow. Drum circle, wabasso beach, at night. Maybe I'll chance to finish my drum.
Lone tear stained petal Forgotten memoriam Loves’ hearth gone dormant
Lol! Agreed, Dunst good, even in bad films, and my she has many...
*Which is your LEAST favorite DAY of the week and why?
When I'm sick and my dad calls to tell me to "feel better, kiddo" ...I cry.
Lol i know, right... RT : Looks like I might actually watch the #DetroitLions on Thanksgiving this year.
damn my la dawg
I wouldn't believe it unless I saw it, and I saw it but still don't believe it!
RIP Christopher Hitchens, 62. Houston, TX - dead of esoph. cancer tonight. You'll be missed, just finished "God is Not Great"
itunes, netflix, grumble grumble argh
I want to see my boyfriend.
I love you! Miss you too mentor!
#FF Thanks for following SSM Weight-Loss Institute! Have a wonderful weekend!
One of the ways pink eye can be transmitted is through the bacteria in the anus. I was making the allusion I gave u a rimjob
Thank you #RebuildingTogether for your service today in South San Francisco and a big TY to #Genentech and City of SSF volunteers!
Ya know Lord...we're blessed. Thank-you.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
GREETINGS FOLLOW RACHEAL @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR CHECK OUT THE HAIR LINE
RT 6yr old Son: "I'm mad Dad, Miami Heat just lost to the calculaters." Me: "Me, too. Actually it's the LA Lakers."
I believe that #stress is a factor in any bad health. ~ Christopher Shays
An amazing evening with fabulous besties RT fantastic dinner with wonderful peeps.
I couldn't agree more with "hater of self-proclaimed gurus."
JP Morgan is just doing god's work, you guys
I just saw a commercial for your Red Velvet Ice Cream. #OMG #MUSTHAVE How can I find out if it's sold anywhere near me? #Help!
Yeah, I think so too. So sad.
It's so beautiful outside! Feels like spring :D
great mission for your organization!
Listening to the Eddie & The Cruisers II: Eddie Lives soundtrack... what of it?
:) i was soo late :( did he play hatred?
Très Chic! RT cocktails at this summer!
The brewpub becomes a speakeasy on Saturday! Just tell the doorman, "President Wilson sent me!" See you for some great ragtime and beers!
he needs to STFU.
I'll be staying in Echo Park for the next little while. Maybe I'll interview people in the neighborhood. I kind of love Echo Park.
The people next door are having the loudest party ever and our invite apparently got lost in the mail.
and I down at , had a comeback at Off to Still in the hunt!
#IdaBWells was a fearless anti-lynching crusader.
So someone got hurt in the soccer game today and the clock got stopped at 4:20
hey i have a question lol..... what is your favorite song.?!? :)
Cookin some breakfast with Mary J and thinking about drinking green not spending it today
you sick of me
People throw rocks at things that shine :)
Why does Chick-Fil-A have to be closed all day Sunday?!?! That's when I want it most. 😥
I swear I just saw you on Pawn Stars. It was you right?!
we made it to the finals before when niggas thought we wouldn't so GTFOH!!
The Saints logo in their endzone could have better kerning
Possible tornado spotted in Clermont County (SW Ohio). #Doppler10 team tracking storms.
Take the next step in your career at Talkbiznow.com - 7 days to V2!
I love being up late in the quiet it's as if time stands still and I can slow down and focus
"In the Shadow of the Glacier" by Vicki Delany. 'Kootenay' and others mispronounced throughout.
I'm considering taking this stupid thing out of my nose. I can't sleep with this thing.
Just in time, IA‚A´m so glad you have a one-track mind like me. You gave my life direction A game show love connection, we can’t deny
Back to Connecticut today... FOR THE LAST TIME EVER. Sorry. Only get to say that once.
well if you must know they were white with a picture of you on the ankles,
Uhmmm . . why ? How ? and do I know you ? ( I ask a lot of questions )
There'll be 2 tracks, running all day Friday! MT Will all the bootcamp sessions be at the same time? So difficult to choose!
“: Real devotion begins with a departure from the draw to be normal.”
thank you. I didn't think I could do it but once I saw it come off his foot low I knew I had a chance. I just want to thank me.
ah, that's right. Thanks. Seems like forever ago :)
Everyone is drunk singing taylor swift. The room is spinning... With gayness
wake up BANKS
Haha ditto! yeah french would be great if those little boys weren't in our class..lol #growup love you girl!
Thank you!
Wow.... It"s crazy clear w/ amazing stars tonight here in Sonoma.
Good morning
"Ship Breaker" has male protagonist. It was an exciting, futuristic read.
Hi! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment when you get back to Chicago? :)
If it is decreed that I should go down because of this speech, then let me go down linked to the truth--lin the advocacy of what is just...
I'm freakin loving this day:)))))))
“: #YoMomma so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.”
Mayar Zokaei translates well to the NBA
PLEASE do a buddy comedy together! I would watch/rent/buy that!
oh no lol im sorry lol
UNLV fans liked my latest college basketball article sweet....
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can do is take a complete rest.
Absolutely none. I thought McHale was all about D...
Another nice #cunyit conference. Lots of good discussion!
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Happy Tuesday!!! It is a GREAT day here at AvantGarb!!!
Are you going to be in office Monday?
So who the kids gonna listen to? I guess me if it isn't you.
Just a sweet tooth! Did you get a lollipop with that?
MT Tweet your Congress Rep to stop DEA raids: Please vote YES today on Rohrabacher-Hinchey-Farr-McClintock!
You're amazing:) "I gotta write using less emoticons"
Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me! x Love x
I just read the interview of my President and gay marriage. How do you feel on his position?
How old were you when you first learned about the Holocaust? What did you think then, and how has that changed?
Who thinks Artest's suspension would be longer if words "violence" or "war" were in his new name instead of "peace"?
A witch-hunt on one side doesn't demonstrate politics on the other.
Hehe!!!! It was a fun event and a success - 3 stations covered :-)
Hello my name is H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy American industrialist looking to invest millions in a lucrative
7:30 p.m. Monday classes.
I LOVE date nights with !! Mission Impossible at the IMAX and then sushi after!
did you send more tracks? Non samples
OMG SAME! i really want to order some on her website!
we needa kick it.
Oh my. I will be downloading it soon!
Sometimes the social web feels like the social dead and I'm the walking dead. :)
Had another conversation (fight) today about walkins. And I reiterated that I ask nicely even though I don't have to. I get all the attitude
One song on repeat kind of day.
In class
Its a party, Its a party, Its a party
Trying to pre-order iPhone 4 online. What a clunky process. Time outs, processing errors, "please try again later".
CMON! ONE MORE TO 600!!! :D we <3 you all
Question: RT : For those who recently started a co: what artistic/funding opps would have meant you didn't need to?
im going to CANADA today!!! its a 10 hr drive to Quebec though...LEGGO
so i'm just wondering are there any people out there who give relationship advice but cant get one of their own? Cuz thats totally me :/
Been gone for a minute. I heard was in my city for the release party. I'm mad I missed it. I'm buyin today. Congrats champ!
yeap. They are a really good company.
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
1 thing about me I have respect n u not goin to disrespect me on bla
of course haha we definitely will ha
July 18th release date for The Dark Knight Rises and I'll be home for it! Do i hear Midnight premiere???
Doesn't Kasey Hill have strong connections to Brandon Weems?
God bless Texas!
RT : Time for our #Fridayroundup of #healthnews. 1st: Light drinking may slightly increase a woman's risk of breast cancer...
"i've had a concussion since 1982! true story! hey, anybody else's beer taste like metal?"
Gameweek 38 in the EPL always has the potential to be exciting. What happened today is incomprehensible. Best sports moments I'll ever see.
fuck man i wanna get high af and dnt wanna come down.....ever
always! Hope you had a good one! Talk w/u soon.
hahaha nice way to flip that. I am a sales manager at a Marriott here in San Diego
When do and come home?
I can't wait for #JESSNL !!
Join us to discuss key factors for selecting an LCMS - today from 2pm to 2.30pm at the Strategic Buyers’ Stage in the #DevLearn Expo Area
Can't wait for Mexico to win Honduras in the pre-olympics finals today
First stop MEM!!
Weitzner at #FSFfourth emphasizes how rapidly markets and technology evolving, points to FTC for privacy expertise.
I'm exotic, love me.
Phil Younghusband has been impressive in the first half. Scoring the first goal and providing the assist to Chieffy Caligdong's goal.
Been in a mood all weekend, spinning 'A Quiet Storm' now...
That's a good connection. Happy voting.
It is amazing and you rocked on the casting.
me too and me either!
I requested them from the city's Public Property and Parks & Rec departments. Love CPI by the way.
Isn't it empowering to KNOW that you can heal it, though? I cried when I found my #diastasis, then I got excited about
Thank you to all my followers i love you guys!
One more week. Just one more week!
Do you need to remodel your Master Bedroom. Your bedroom is suppose to be your sanctuary an escape. Is it? First do you have enough space
<----19 and I'm living the fucking life.
Hey only the worst from Baltimore City! I wouldn't expect anything less! We have standards...sort of.
All I want to do is fast forward to 6:30 to watch Philly vs. Pittsburgh ... and yet, I need to go to work tonight. BO!!!
Ayo Follow My Boy
StepBrothers is always going to be Hilarious!!
well I skimmed to the end. Does that count? Good job... real work!
Total Lifestyle change yo! RT : FYI: You don’t need a diet. You need a regimen.
loving our new videobooth clips and highlight film!!
Your Sure Welcome :) Proud to be a Hooligan like you.
You guys were packed all weekend! Great booth!
Love my neighborhood! Go out tonite to pull a few weeds in the flower beds and everyone comes out to chat!
Thank you! Love you! Can you please follow me?! I would be the happiest person ever!
#MothersDay is near and we say YES to #FlowersForMom!
ALL GUD !! It"s FAIR !! 1 FOOT N FRONT OF THE OTHER, MAD VALLEY"S & PICKS, NJOY THE JOURNY B IT ROUGH OR EASY, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Got that ass cena YOU CANT SEE US
#HHD have a good day sexy Logan :)
please tell me this story about Pat White is an April fools joke. : )
Hopefully I meet some cool people waiting for my oil to get change at Toyota dealer
My son just called me a comedier. You know, because your funny. Yes, yes I am :)
Great MLM industry inspiration
Ok twitter, keep me honest. Goal #1: lose 18lbs before my cousin's 6/9 wedding. Goal #2: lose the remaining 10 for my 30th birthday 6/24
Hello to you too! :-D hope the second half of your last semester at #HoodCollege is going well :-)
Woke up at 5 and couldn't fall back asleep. Good opportunity to get some extra work done, I guess!
Best book title: "I WAS BORN IN A TREE AND RAISED BY BEES." The main character is named Crinkleroot, obviously.
partner restaurant donate 5% to our cause every time you dine – just visit www.CelebratedChefs.com to enroll – it’s FREE!
#NewJersey fans know whats good , they were chanting #LETSGOHEAT and #MVP for Lebron, Which went beast mode tonight.
I'm thinking #innovation is dis-associating what's possible with what's probable.
#FF our great twitter friends
Tweet 1,400 goes out to my brothers and for always being there for me and never giving up on me. Love u guys!
No WAY!
Happy Mother's Day Tweeps! Special welcome to new followers! Going to breakfast with my daughter and grandkids. I'm matriarch now.
so what ??? That moron docent rule my life and isn't not even half the person you are
Thanks! I just finished post production, and I'm working on prepping the website for launch, etc. We'll be in your ears soon!
It's beautiful outside (:
There's a Scorpio I know that this is very true of :)
2nd preview for "1776," drinks at Black Fox Lounge & then a well-deserved day off!
! we always check our receipts. Once got charged twice for a cook book and was not a thing I could do once home
I play track
I realize u get what u pay for, but the 1 scale here has been broken for weeks. U realize why people come right?
Thanks for the shoutout you guys! Keep them coming. :*
Casting: 30 sec commercial for Netflix Latin America - Apply to: Alfonso Ruiz or Keith Huser, Post Office Box 421223, Los Angeles 90042
Have I ever mentioned how much I love Google books? I've saved so much money and time!
it's too exhausting to use proper capitals on twitter i use correct punctuation isn't that enough for you because it should be bye.
Sup Bro?
When I think I think..
And frankly I absolutely hate when people blame stolen things on me. I wouldn't do that, I'm not white trash.
ditto! have fun tonight!
bro im sorry! Say you must have gotten robbed at church? Ahha jay kaayy ! Theyd never let you back
Alex Gaskarth is trending. I'm feeding the fire. :D Also, RIP Elisabeth Sladen. You will be missed Sarah Jane. Skynet's gonna get us all!
Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
Theater setting up right now
SB 1290 (Alquist) passed out of Education committee with bipartison support, has no position on this bill in current form.
Damm, that was a good story Spoon
Please, Follow me! :) ThAnKsS¡¡!!
It's unsual though, which will definitely catch more eyes. Not necessarily a bad thing though
Student loans are the last part of the artificial middle class and like home prices higher education is he next bubble.
loves that lincoln quote!
Week: a unit of time that seems so much shorter on a vacation than on a diet
the remix with nas Mariah and joe is pretty dope as well
Oh, you're deleting me from Facebook?
Does anyone know why some of the grads at #2012AUGrad have the number 20 on their caps?
Apparently I have lost my ability to proofread. Ugh.
conference week in the library is cool because people randomly give out food for free.
#Dontdoublemyrate Stop having the little guy subsidize the billionaires. That's the REAL welfare here.
Update: cops came up outta alley and closed the trunk.
Original fast & furious is modern day point break. But with better acting, which is saying a lot
“: ARE YOU READY FOR SOME NHL?!?! I know! I can't wait either! ” cant wait!
Great shoot today - met some great people - visited some amazing places
Hope to never have to use it, but do you know if it's auto-SOS or if you have to hit the button (I know you *can* hit the button)?
#30thingsaboutme think that is so very adorable n talented
great work.I'm going back to jym to lift.
is the track suppose to be on fire?? #NASCAR #WTF?
*Note to all of our Twitter followers. WE DO NOT SPAM! We try to follow all of the bands we play shows with to say hello & thank u.
Is anyone else out there mulling over the challenges of a summer #bookaday challenge?
Rainy mood + slow Deadmau5 songs = <3
Not stressing anymore , just making it worse , letting it rock & well see how it goes :) well always have a spark
"Shock" Anna Tijoux
thank you
Yaaaaay, the bus is not packed.
Movie tonight and great food by Flaming Patties. Join us!
Chinatown one word, dear.
Congrats on the magazine inclusions !
your local library probably does
I wanna know
all I'm saying is Cruz called me from jail and left me a voicemail talking about it so therefore it concerns me if her man
Thank you David. Have many friends that happen to write for The Examiner.
probably the coolest dude in pro sports .. what an offseason
Ivan Nova is walking on his own. The ankle is taped up, but he still could miss his next start.
Home alone. Blasting Making a smoothie. My life rules.
Go see "The Hedgehog" at Landmark's Bethesda Row! Sold out at film festivals in DC. Narrated by 11-year old French girl with an attitude.
We need to set up a time 4 a photoshoot!!
is hoping to get near the whiteboard w/in the next 15 minutes...
A girl after my own heart! Keep on rocking, that's what I say, as I sneer and sport my Billy Idol hairdo.
Ducks practice under the sun in Autzen Stadium in last workout before Saturday's spring game. Music, whistles.
Went to mii bro game on mii way to tha car show
I'm not sure Larry Drew knows that, either.
Dear back spasms, enough already! You're cramping my style.
Why am I always hungry at the most inopportune times?
And the drive begins! Road trip with and #coachchris st Louis here we come!
what an asshole.
Oh no! I am getting mine now. Did you install the Twitter update they released yesterday?
I need a job, badly. Anyone need help with anything?
1st #climb of the #ABS13 season for today
1st we had keynote. This time, Pretty extraordinary. And only $25!
I've seen the future and it's TV on a blimp. Yeah, I said blimp.
What was for lunch? Bean dip and yogurt.
And that's the thing about seasonal jobs - they come stamped with an expiration date.
Time to watch
Thanks for the shout out! You're our new favorite Irish people (after the guys in Boondock Saints of course)
Thank you for a great season ! You have been my main guy since I was a toddler! Love you til the end!
If I said no the first time you asked, I will say no the second, third, fourth, fifth...time you ask. So, quit being a pain in the butt.
SO EXCITED and TOMORROW
Pool party at my house. Come over!
131313 Zach Dorsey
where you from?
I know right!? U know my flaws as well...going bak since '95...lol
Ann Boyer gives a rhapsodic talk, lush with references to Baudelaire, Lautréamont, turn-of-the-last-century French Satanism (ie Huysmans).
What the fuck was swisher thinking?????
:)Thanks! I ask everyone from Canada, do you watch Degrassi?
No problem Angela, try searching for Selton, there on Spotify I believe. There a great indie Italian band!
I love Serena
Thank you!
S/O to my bros good lookin out - we are back in commission over here :) LOL!
Dear university spam filter, It's so not cool to place e-mail alerting me to Amazon gift certificates in the spam folder.
No algebra final for me :)
Another person gone billy mayes.
Check out the GT Study Party Pack we're giving away to our Foursquare friends. Check-in, claim it, & come to the 4th floor for your prize!
its just to feed the celebrities egos and to see who has a bigger fan base so they can brag.
It says so much when we SHOW students to NOT be By-Standers in Bullying situations..
Just performed a long overdue update on my iPhone...why did I not do this sooner?!
i did nuffin is there
Hey At u should come to Omaha,Nebraska someday
Just read your article in #Carpinteria magazine, congrats! All of our family is from Carp & SB. You're an inspiration!
Relax? Oh you are funny, aren't you?
I hate when i get tired nd cranky :(
I'm in Chicago...and it's raining here too.
I replied with two tweets to your first one. Between $250-$300 will get it done.
When you think about it, cheese is really gross.
congrats, use linepleaseapp to practice lines
Why is morning now starting at 11 for me?
If was like crack,then I'm a junkie,and I'm about to get my fix in about ten minutes.Lol
the word "Enjoy" is what really does it for me. He looks like he's having the time of his life.
Very Classy! “: I get to do keyword research for redneck wine glasses. I love my job. :)”
- - #Unique makes Kurt look butch.
The new black panther party is a group of idiots that disgrace the legacy of the black panther movement.
Its funny how you think you're gonna beat me, LIKE NO.
There you go! Steal the show... Roll on. Your singles site rules!
#EverydayIThinkAbout whether I should cut done on my coffee intake. Then I realize, that's just blasphemy.
in the airplane asdfghjkl 10,000 up in the air o:
. Pressure #3: changes in scholarly practice.
I'm at national MS Society Tour of Champions getting closer to a cure... SWEET
u working tonight?
Of course not! Preparing to watch it now! :)
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. - George Bernard Shaw
Dude on the radio said something was "like a burrito made out of peace of mind and smiles"
Not To me they sexy and there one of a kind Nike tough to but Jordans pop more
Smiley face because u funny
Build a lightbox for a responsive HTML5 touch interface
I got peas on my head but don't call me a pea head~ #WorstRapLineEver lmao!
FYI Suke- Predators playing at Laurelhurst - got a seat next to us if can haul ass from the Couv
Those tweets sent in the wrong order. I hate you, T-Mobile. But yeah, I can't look at my whorish mother right now.
Thanks friend, I am really trying to get this furst book done by the end of the month, so my hiatus has been necessary!
--Hello Tony--are you any kin to Carl or Tommy Perkins?
cuff links, wing tip shoes and an iPod out of a vending machine?
so my name can't Larry duh
If not, tell him he should. Go #Cavs!
indeed you are sir XD
So thinks I need to be on Pinterest. Aghhhh. #socialmediaheadexplosion (ty for the tip, Jamie!)
When i got 2 school today i tried to tweet but i realized that the Wi-FI had pwd but one of my guy friends guess it and he told me :) yay
Lunch with Mike tomorrow and back to work. 13 days till Philly!
in Avon!
hi :) ...I'm actually getting off right now.
*Passes* RT": puff puff pass"
Getting ready to leave for school :( I hate school do much!!!! Come on summer!!!!!
ah!!!! Marley ate Carly!!!
Grain Brain will deal extensively with mood disorders. Thanks. David
Whats the email bro
Thank goodness for Tonight's run would have been over 30 minutes ago without Backstage at the Playoffs
see I would but the way my🏧account is set up I gotta checking & I gotta savings the $ all in my savings it might take a while
Perfect two being stuck in my head >>>>
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
seein my mothers face light up this morning, #perfect (':
Two and a Half Men?
"Shake it for me darling, Naa I ain't dancing | ignorant as ever don't be trippin where my hands is.."
Just had a lengthy discussion about the general fabulousness of and
UVA is the real deal in College Hoops. Definitely could be a sleeper team in NCAA tourney this year.
Absolutely! I'm a fan. RT: “: can you please play 's Neon?”
Lefty making his move! Trying to save a boring Saturday for the masters
yum! How's the food?
Sure? Wait why?
er really!?!
i wasn't there, but was there runnin' the BoL table like the rad champ she is!
Run bitch! He gonna kill you!
Hi! Quick question: Does your company do internships?
Classes end at noon tomorrow for Thanksgiving break. Stritch is closed Nov 24-27. Have a happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 10:57 AM using Waze - Drive Social
as you can see we got a really dope front lawn, you & your homeboys can play on that.
#askObama Ans 11b: Need balanced approach: reduce defence spending, tax loops holes and entitlements.
every story I ever told started out as an idea of a person and an event. That's where I always start, and it seems to do well.
Call us at 504-945-2181 and ask for Mikey.
Home sweet home.... gr8 to be back in the USA!!! although China was AMAZING (but cold) nothing beats the US....happy ny and here's to 2011!
Found a Carly Simon record for a buck. Now 'You're So Vain' is on constant replay in my head. So is it Warren Beatty or Mick Jagger?
#Oman They are necessary and easily procured at the fish market in Muscat (no joke). BYO feather boa x
If you want my body & you think I'm sexy, come on sugar let me know. ;) Lol
God is not done wit me yet!!!
Am I the only person in the USA that is utterly scared that we will end up like socialist Europe?
#dhtrial woman says to man "are you ready?" "He responds "I'm ready." I'm sensing transition in the jury.
I'm sorry I just can't help myself ;)
I know! I started crying as soon as he started telling Christina all the details ugh what a deuche
After thinking about the movie 48 Hrs, I have "Roxanne" stuck in my head. Totally ok with this.
I always step it up for my all time favorite teacher
I'm single
is about to go and try to hold the bed down for as long as I can. Hopefully the next 8-10 hrs. See everyone in the morning. Good night
Going to visit my grandmother tomorrow. Ethel Brown. Lord knows I miss that woman. Catch me on the south side tomorrow.
cool have fun And aww rained out that sucks
we got 9 scores recorded for you (kuf-hs)
@ Houston Symposium for Research in Education & Psychology. I'm impressed w/the breakfast spread. Nice work GSO!
wat it is jus swag bac in who up mention me
Pierced Arrows in Rochester in The Bugjar (Rochester), 30/04/2012 - garage rock
YAY! but some how your poor ass niggas still gone find a way to afford'em. lol
TAKE YO ASS TO SCHOOL
Murder the perception - make em get it right.
Anyone know of a good #nptech chat?
LMAO BRING YOU KNOW WHO ALONG ;) awh yea my man
She also said Obama decided to lose the War on Terror. He just bagged the world's most-wanted terrorist!
and i feel like some people don't think I can have something like that haha. So weird, right?
If you're in LA and need a studio desk, I'm selling my Studio RTA Creation Station for $90.
So glad you guys got this up and going! So sad I wasn't able to make the auditions that day! Wish you all the best... :)
Tampa to Times square...cycle...:)
I've had to take too much leave/telework days lately. WTF is wrong with me.
lol wouldn't it be nice though! Like nights you wish he would be there just turn on that song
Get over yourself fool
If you ever visit Portland, OR, you can have the tap water unfiltered. Our tap water is god.
Do you deliver? : Toffee Brandy Cheesecakes
": #Sagittarius signs are nice until their not... And when their not you need to get out of their way." We can be wicked
On my way to Miami to meet with ! Sad to not be at the , don't miss me too much !
Hopefully more prviate events in the future! Very exciting.
my macbook is ike overheating right now, and is being loud does anyone know if apple cleans it out or something so it won't heat up?
Lol (: how're you bro?
LOL it's the only sports game I actually am pretty good at on my XBox! Terrible at Madden.
i think your right they are gonna be a team to be watching out for in the future.
I love how I say im going to go to bed early then one thing alyways keeps me up....
Evolution is supported by fact, its testable. Your perceptions about science are shocking.
keep it up it's deff making me want to visit you ;)
It's the month of May! Race weekend then leaving for Florida right after! #yesplease can the beginning of this month go fast please? 🏁☀
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you have no idea where you stand with someone, and can't really do anything to find out without making things weird..
You should study abroad! It's a college myth that you should stay in the US for all 4 years... get out of town and go somewhere!
The question that I am asking is -- is the "Trust" independent, or is it part of DC government?
History shows those who misaligned their purpose forfeited the marvelous, constructive use of their talents, as edifying gifts to humanity!
Today is Melissa and my negative 1 year wedding anniversary...I wish it was today!
after I ate a sausage, I was told it wasn't fully cooked. I am not excited to see how this plays out...
lol sorry hun I just had people there from back home it was a lot if catching up.
pshhhh YES! Of course, CTE for life :) I freaking love them! :))
The track of the day is Pancho Sanchez "Conga Blue" with Mongo Santamaria. The track is smoking hot. Check it out.
Turns out I can assign Cmd-\ in OS X as a global binding fine. Just not in Emacs. I was *so* excited for delete-horizontal-whitespace!
that's a critical point, inward and outward. Not enough think about inward online.
What Summer music festivals, either to watch or play, are you going to this year?
Don't forget those of us who finished finals and are attempting to prevent hangovers now...
Asparagus, Brie tomato & ramp omelette. After 30 hours of work so not bad
of course I do joe!!!!
thx, I've missed you too. Been silent so long, I wonder if I have anything to say? LOL
Today is he dad's birthdays !
I just ask whoever to play Draw Simething
you are a turtle, Turtle! hahaha :)
I see why good things are happening
where's the responsible filter?!!
Game time's approaching for the marauders. They need a W here at the rock against LaSalle of philly!!
Where to go for lunch...decisions decisions decisions
YOU GONE DIE!!! ( voice)
Huh. I came home from Coronado Beach and my son had packed up his confuser, clothes, movies, books, and bailed. Huh. Without saying goodbye.
Why the hell am I watching a movie about a bunch of scuba divers getting trapped in under water caves?
So its New Years Eve, and I need to find a party to go to tonight.
I think the latter.
True Indians like give tickets to true Indian friends while in NYC holding' it down for !!!!l Lezzgo!!!!
haha of course
I'm about 97% sure I just ate chicken gizzards, and I liked them. But I can't think about it too long or it makes me nauseous.
Oh ,the kid is 4...lets see..that's 32 in dog years...Guess the anal retentives are right. Kid, get a job already !
Wow. WB I-94 at Puetz is STILL closed. Looking at the DOT cams. Avoid 94 NB thru Oak Creek if you can.
Soundpony tonight! We're playing with psychotic reaction/dull drums/rude amps. It's gonna be killer!
I'm ready. No more Vinny
#mycrazyobsession Bath n Body Works buy 3, get 3 sale plus $10 coupon. Lol I had to start ignoring emails.
Guests on w/ & Kevin Kennedy: Bruce Bochy,Ron Washington,Aaron Crow,Jered Weaver,Charlie Manuel & Doug Melvin
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to connecting with you on Twitter!
dale bro
I've seen fire and I've seen rain, but I've never seen a friendship die so fast over Twitter.
Head on over to ! RT : Need to buy a new pair of #running shoes in the next few weeks before
well i still love him<3.
anyone wanna make me a background? :)
veggie meat really ? Gonna have to look for that ;)
Check out a PREVIEW TONIGHT at the Palms in W. Hollywood! Show starts at 10PM and we will be performing at some point throughout the show!
they come here all the time. Maybe once or twice a year. If u can drive 2 br to see some nicca you can drive ur butt here.
Love who you are, love who you're not
Birthday plans for tonight
Organizing auditions for the short film "My Father" really excited, some really great actors are coming in to read.
haha id rather you go to sleep
The #Rockets need a star so they can start to get calls going their way from the refs.
Beets! Beet Greens! Pears! Lamb! Morbier! Peaty Scotch!
“: This morning I walked out of my bathroom naked and was in my room -_- I got scared” disturbing -_-
"Fox coverage actually is more right-wing, full of weird gushing over guvs Christie & McDonnell."Kinda sad; can't just report.
I'm so glad we could be a part of your day's awesomeness! Hope you're enjoying your new pretties! :)
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 44
I have Make Up For Ever HD liquid foundation and I love it but I want to try some more
New York , GOOD LUCK ACM (:
Houston Chronicle charged with gender discrimination.
Taking the day off, coloring Easter Eggs with my daughter.
go to bed at 10pm and get up at 5:15 am
Let's go Caps!
Thanks for the RT Michelle!
I've been tweeted to by yay I'm popular ;)
I'm pretty sure I'm about to die. I love you.
both and thensome! Give me a Fisher Price turntable and I'll rock a party! Not Cocky, just love what I do!
Appreciate the follows!
omg I love that movie!! <3
The 2011 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid comes standard with features and technologies that are either not offered on the Lexus HS 250h
NBA IS BACK BAY-BEE :D MIAMI HEAT #LEGGO :D :)ILYShawty<3
is meredith your floor manager or handwriting teleprompter? ps. we love Sarah, she was great at the Olympics too.
poor Lionel!!! That bites! I love your consistency, My gym clothes has cobwebs. After I get my manicure I'll be going. :)
LOVE IT!! So true!!
yea tough love women like that shit I learned u get more respect
I wanna make a club banger
I was at my friends house, lookin' for hot neighbours. But find any. Better luck next time LLN
Maybe and will follow me today? You never know. I guess I will keep my fingers crossed ALL DAY LONG (:
PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY KATIE
Brewers? You must be still celebrating from our Packers victory... Lol
#followmepaige, I don't know who the hell you are but follow me!
Rain or Shine! See you all there.
Cover your flowers - frost coming tonight!
It has 2 b a penalty or at least no line change, or d-men will just bat pucks to teammates for whistles on long d-zone shifts
#shit my friend signed me up for my first 12K.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
snotcycle results K29er 2nd, Carl, Scott, Jenny finished. Ellen & Jay as human snowplows.
: thank you!!!! I'll check it out!!
Wow... What a Great Afternoon. :)
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions. It just needs two wonderful people..
watching some movie ..... Thinking . Ya know ?
we see you!
A younger colleague is after my job - how do I stop her? Vicki and Octavia, our mother and daughter agony aunts, answer your questions
I cannot wait to go to sleep.
I'm interested in starting a foundation to help families that have dogs in need of surgery to live or improve their quality, any ideas?
Remdawg is following me! Jerry I'm a Twins fan but love your broadcasts.
no. :( mine was just a reg cold pretty lite. Sorry!
of course :-)
congrats on the #crunchies win, you guys deserve it!
Un-Bucking-believable- monstrous win for the #bucks over the Hawks. #FEARTHEDEER!
I have done my good deed of the day. Does that mean I can take a pass for the rest of the day?
It's crazy, how your whole life can change in the blink of an eye.
Is there any doubt to who the most popular player in football is?? Wonder if this will come back to haunt John Elway
Playing solo tonight at with my boys 9pm. i hear the guys from will be in the house too. x, j
getting pumped for the coming storm, maybe 1-2' of snow for Summit County?! We need it!
RT : we might as well start playing two hand tag cause this is madness!! Lmao even flag football get physical
Seeing Eye dogs have such a purposeful look in their eye. I wonder how they know how important they are to the life/death of their person.
Parts of downtown Santa Monica lost power this weekend. A transformer blew up and Megatron threatened to destroy the Kings Head.
It's always "something"// I stopped a car 2 days ago>I was walking>the driver was about to pull into street w/coffee ON ROOF! !
Taken just seconds before his giant head spontaneously combusted. A tragic and messy end... Oh, how we'll miss
- will be at the Boro bar and Grill on Sat. Oct. 8th with , and 21+ $5
Moxibusiton: method for treating acupuncture points with heat. Other methods: aqua puncture enhance /prolong the effects, of acupuncture.
Off to work out here, my clock is off big time. I love Alaska and seeing my old friends, just wish it was located right over the GW Bridge!
We are #outlaws but i'm still waiting on 's response. though both her and me are underage.
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome night. Good turnout, kids. Most fun Wednesday yet.
True RT : I will never give part-time people a full-time position in my life.
then you get some brain in the front seat of da hummmmah
Hi Hi
back it up up up like a trucker ;)
