TrendSeeder - give emerging #designers a space to showcase their designs.
Dont forget there are no games tonight. Get your teams together for suicides, kicking practice, or partying.
Come hear the CU Handbells at tomorrow's 8am service at Trinity Lutheran in Hillsboro. Rev. Jim Pressnell will preach.
Checking out DC
When Is It !?
Had a great night recording. Our bass players mom makes some great brownies!
BRUH SOMEBODY SAID ON THE INTERNET.......I CANT GO TO HELL SATAN STILL GOT THAT RESTRAINING ORDER AGAINST ME........SMMFH
sorry to bother you some more dude but is my shit still out on the porch? i'm gonna have my sister come and grab it today.
rock it.
You'll fall more at the start but pick it up more quickly....
Had a nice meeting with the Nazareth College Archives Committee today!
Even though money don't make me and hoez can't brake me I still gotta grind fa dat doe...
What the hell Mike Brown waiving at Scott Brooks for?
The key to all mnemonic techniques? Converting difficult to remember things into memorably vivid images.
Holy god lsac, they're SCANTRONS. post my score already.
so played out...“: Dear One Direction, If Selena Gomez calls you her "little brothers" you run. You hear me? YOU FREAKING RUN!”
Beachbody has so many exciting new workout programs coming out. I just can't keep up. I love it!
You know I didn't mean what I've just said
Thanks for the RT. Much appreciated.
i feel like it is earlier - good luck!
Head's up backstage, ! Your request is next!
Saw 127 Hours last night, what a great movie.
Like Lady Gaga I was born this way.
Is this about me?
Mariano Rivera has an awesome outlook on life! Spritely fellow
lol i dont know if i will be!
The aerobic sport beats sitting still for 3 hours...LOL
Doing fantastic! How about yourself?
Congrats to you and your daughter. Many blessings going forward.
Come to my room.
when you and your friend favorite each other tweets cause you are both losers..
Day long training and no coffee has been provided! Not cool...
Samsung vibrant oh yeah
I just want God to get all the glory!
just shoot me a text and i'll come!
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Dwight's back on "Real Housewives"!!! But he's been reduced to planning parties for 1-year-old's
Death Valley used as stand-in for Martian landscape
thank you for the #ff !!
Love is the flower you've got to let grow
Like us on facebook
I went to first period i should've skipped
Nothing wrong with more sex, unless it gets in the way of the story. Nothing wrong with bards, either.
Welp I need to shower and do homework and clean and ya.
Jackson is one of those slimy guys that shoved kids in their lockers in high school.
oh! And Zach Morris, so I can borrow his phone.
Messing around with mySQL is making me depressed. I've forgotten the tiny bit that i once knew!
How much longer would I have to wait?
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love! ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
Today was okay but yesterday was #BEAUTIFUL and warm
There's a lot of Why's
Thanks Katie, now I'm drooling. Love the idea of Spaghetti a la Caputo. Cracks me up every time I read it!
I may have to be dragged kicking and screaming back to work tomorrow. Hope is up for the task, or not.
Fela on 's All Songs 24/7 channel! Yeah channeling what I've learned from and !
says better metadata integration/migration/flow=easier access/preservation for
They really are!
#Hosana in the highest!
In Tradition, red eggs for Pascha (Easter) in Orthodox signify the blood of Christ; the cracking of the shell, the opening of the tomb.
On the plus side, the also ordered Arrow (as in Green) for a series.
Thank you for following . Be sure to check out our all new website debut on Feb. 5 at www.ruactinginla.com
always promoting the best of the best.. our prices are low but the quality of the service is high..
Working at the polls today during the California primary. If there is voting today where you live, be sure to get out and VOTE!
Well I guess that's it for me reading regularly. The main reason I used their site was for the network page.
Fact! RT Ladies love country boys.
Over the game my knicks r gonna win blahblahblah.....watching my best friends wedding one of my faves! Love me some cameron diaz meow!
808s and heartbreaks good ass album
#MA-MA-MARRY THE NIGHT o yeha!!!!
BofA planning more job cuts: WSJ
heyy guys ! <3 what's your favorite colors ? I'm making you guys something special(':
Cannot WAIT to tear up NOLA this weekend with my boo !!!
Only one more month
Do you leverage Personality Marketing to grow your business?
Sure you are right.
Damn G-Love!! Looks peaceful!!
Watching celebrity ghost stories before bed.... I'm stupid and terrified now
Who's the grease-ball sitting next to Pippen?
ha ha I was like??? AKWARD!
Missy Franklin, Tryone Braxton, Ed McCaffrey, Rich Karlis, Billy Thompson, Alfred Williams and David Treadwell are all confirmed guests!!!
#WeWontWork if you can't handle your bussiness and take care of your responsibilites
I almost called him at 5 AM with a lecture, but I remembered we go to the same Dr and he supports a #Vegan diet :)
Saturday 4/28 come help us build Cleveland Elem.'s edible #garden in #Shaw! 10-1, snacks provided.
Wine, cheese, snacks & good-for-the-earth handbags! Trunk Show tom, Thurs, 6-9pm.
#SUMMERFEST? Pretty please?
I'm not very good at hiding my irritation so when she asks me the same dumb questions over and over I'm sure my facial expressions
Thanks to for joining today to talk all things
My mom came home about 2 weeks ago and was like "I heard The Wanted on the radio..I agree..They are total jerks." hahahahahahha
#FF Yeah-Follow Friends! Have a great FRI!
I LOVE Starburst jellybeans!
I was biking around today, too! Trying to earn the 4sq Velocipede badge? :)
Thank you!!
Teacher Tuesday! All teachers past or present get happy hour all night long. Thank you teachers! Enjoy New wines on the glass menu too.
Or Wikipedia adds = expert.
Ok so I guess it's bed time... the longer I stay up, the more pissed off I get!!
Security is a superstition--it does not exist in nature. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. – Helen Keller
#YouProbablyShouldnt Leave Hard core Porn on your 12 year old sisters laptop......
In hour 22 of simmering bone broth and it is smelling savory as all hell up in this place.
yo. you still among the living?
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ No man enjoys the true taste of life but he who is ready and willing to quit it.
“: hahaha Ohmygod I love your eyebrows..(:” hahaha. Well thank you. I've never heard that before:p
#WinonaRydermarathon. Christian Slater is also pretty cool in Heathers. Also in True Romance.
My little homie gave me his iPad to put music on it...considering telling him it's broken and I should hang on to it..you know in case
What a BLAST!!!
The fact that I'm bouncing off the wall hyper and I haven't drank my coffe yet >>>>> !!! #whoopwhoop !
I just wanted to say hi. That's all I have to say for now.
Usually I run from Shaw down to Dupont circle area and back.. but I try to mix it up to keep it interesting. You?
I think you should! you'd have something really interesting to report!
didnt you just regale me about telling the truth?
Labor Law Tips: Always provide applicants & candidates for advancement w a written job description
Tonight's episode was easily the best episode of Season 4. Mythology centric episode delivered and heavily Philip Dickian inspired.
Jerry one upped himself. Hells Bells played and Trevor Hoffman walked in.
" by Chloe...fuck you megan" ( to megan as car drives away) "FUCK YOU TOO BITCH" . (MEGAN MARROW)
God i love the hawks! But i cant wait for baseball
whoa ( black rob voice )
#shoutout to our first client
I spy as a shoe guy in this SATC episode.
Lick it, Kiss it, Love it, Don't spit it.
Just sneezed in the library. No one blessed me. I'm gonna die.
Well, I gained like 20 followers sense yesterday and I'm guessing from my tweets. They're GENIUS!!
and pizza doesn't count as a vegetable!
BTW, if you get in, you have to move to SF...
Heading to Mercado's for sushi.....
Thank you and !
Let's start making a wishlist. :)
Rick Perry and Mitt Romney have an awkward argument while never losing their perma-grins: Drink 6.
Saturday's moon will be the biggest of the year! How does a late night Subway picnic sound?
I need more Adele in my life don't know her well
My super cool boyfriend bought me tickets for in San Jose! Love him!
Eastday-Financial Times publishes article written by Chinese vice premier
turkey ranch and swiss!
We're entering an interesting stage: #4profit institutions can cause others to pay attn to #elearning more than ever before. -Mulgrew
Back from a relaxing vacation, now Im ready to not deal with anyone & their BS :)
Double Draw #Blackjack in trial at Side bet rules are too complicated for ME, let alone a regular (drunk) rank-and-file player!
Mw3 great game,graphics and not like the crappy black ops!!!
Looking forward to spending some time in SF before the new year.
drinking the juice has helped my skin too!
Tomorrow, the Supreme Court will hear arguments over AZ's controversial immigration law.Txt REPEAL+your name to 62571
at least you aren't sitting on Tarmac for an hour like me.
As a general rule, at a site with poor to no wifi, multiple hashtags are not "the problem"
Jeremy and Phil, roommates of 7.5 years, playing footsie at the bar booth.
Morning! On the way to SF for my little brother's #university open house! He'll be going to big boy school soon! ;)
love when american-born curators speak with the accents of the heritage of the collections they are responsible for!!! <3
Really excited that gets to open for and next Saturday at the Bootleg in LA.
Glad to have A Wedding in Haiti as my #fridayreads. Can't wait to get back to it after work today! What are you reading?
Thanks Melissa. I found it helpful to my healing to publicly break the silence. I removed the ability to lie to myself.
Me and my friend boy have conversations filled in sarcasm...I found love in a hopeless place..I think
RT : Congrats to u and the rest of the fab team of #OLTL..< Hey!!! Thank You! Miss ya!
Fun to see all the people #sledding in Whitnall Park yesterday; hope more have the basic pleasure of winter motion today! Enjoy #mkesnow!
everyone keeps talking about how cool you are
An uncontrollable beast.
people really think Mayweather is gonna lose?
Thank you Tammy for being here!!
Wednesday February 16th don't miss the New Mexico Landscape and Maintenance Trade Show. For more details visit www.nmlamp.org
what's the dog's name
You watch rugby?
Trust in God in all things + Sacrifices + Dedication + Perseverance + Patients = Prosperity
The person who tells all there friends to follow will get a prize!
yeah rough 2nd half on both ends of the court!
I can't move my legs
thanks, Daniel!
So true.. RT : You can settle down without settling..!
Going to ride, damn it's hot here in TN. I feel sorry for everyone at Loretta Lynn's!
I know you get this alot But I thought I'd try and tell you. You are my INSPIRATION. <3 2
Love the sign! I think I need to find a place for that quote in my library, too!
Master Series: World Book Night starts at 12:30pm, DCC, Ballroom A2 Find out how your library can get involved.
excellent! Just the preliminary stuff, ya know...
lol , important questions i see ..
No, thank you for being one of the best hospitals in Austin!!
that was so funny!!!!!
Someone should create a or directed at kids and kids sites. Getting feedback from kids is a tough problem.
I will never be that tasteless with money, are you serious yelling at your wife for 30$ -.-
Gotta love it when the "lovable loosers" live up to their namesake!!
If you want an editor to pick up on your story. Research their twitter and see which editor's lifestyle relates to your story
please pick me been trying since monday
Question to the #h191d crew: what's the tweeting assignment for the week?
Yes. It's happened. Even more vexing: dropping pepper mill full of peppercorns.
Marvin's room >>>
I Put The Picture On Facebook & He Said " Y'all Negros Wrong, " LMFAOO' !
3 educator attitudes to copyright, 1. It's all ok;
A man's character is his fate. -Heraclitus
u should
Tates Creek fumbles on first play and Campbell County scored on a Tyler Durham 13yd TD run kick failed
Just got done getting readyy .. going back to sleep now. Lbvs
Cuz that's not what I wrote down.
Make sure you shake off those new years hangovers and join us in Brunswick @ Ape Hangers Saloon JAN 7th! Check out our ad in the Bwick post!
Are there PSSA's tomorrow?
Osteoporosis – What is it? » Articles Directory
Working with on our next 'big thing' - keep an eye out later today for news!
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting. —Fran Leibowitz
Shout To People You speak to that never speak Back
See you there! RT : ThisLAtina can't wait. Love Griffith Park - great hiking trails.
Survived that robbery attempt last nite Wtf where the kids parents be ?? Anyway didn't come out my shit but sumbody lost a toe ..
Smh I'm changing my daughter name again!
Saturday night editing jag. Let's see if I can get through the last 30pp of this novella, shall we? *sips beer* *dives into the manuscript*
There's no Brewers game today darling.
Thanks for the support
Thanks for the heads up!
I hate it when tricks like try to be cool and ignore me
Big Shock Media is at the venue for ELITE 17 in Salinas, CA! Cage is ready, fighters are starting to arrive! Don't miss this event!!
Aw...thank you so much!!!! THANKS AGAIN FOR THE OPPORTUNITY!!!I HAD AN AWESOME TIME
So glad San Diego is back up and running
Interesting. Thanks. I think my hesitation one part control one part shyness.
Congratulations Jeremy
Thanks! These look great! :)
RT : RT : Thinking about checking the twerk team out tonight
haha that's awesome!
Cupid by Lloyd is my #1 favorite song <3
Sudafed refill time. So thankful it's pregnancy-safe.
what!? I'm. So sorry.I.couldn't meet you
The perfect boyfriend doesn�t drink, smoke, cheat or exist ... -unknown
"My Little Eye" was actually pretty decent. I had no expectations, so that may be why, but it kept me guessing in a few spots.
WOW! keep doing your thing!
No one cares...
Develop success from failures. Dale Carnegie
Hahaha Caleb is drunk as shit having a heart to heart with me lol
gone good this season them hoes fightin already
where the f r u
Guys in fedoras
“: My breakfast today was redbull & vodka...that's it!” breakfast of champions!
there is a kid in the alley playing a snorkel like one of those horns they play on top of mountains in the alps. help.
first of many days by the pool 💙☀👙🏊
good morning to you
Happy Birthday to Susan B. Anthony!
Just spilled a whole gallon of black paint all over the living room.
Let's take a planneee. ✈
#Celtics are currently putting on a clinic for "How to miss open shots"
Fresh Exchange Fundraiser Tonight from 5-8pm.
Do you have a AutoExec macro running? If so, kill it. View...Macros, I think.
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
I only nut from head, never from sex.
Falling asleep to The Only Way is Essex. Bonne nuit!
I'm torn between going out tonight and watching Lost.
U look rdy sista. Get it in. GOD bless.
Might I suggest the brand WorkCustom? You can buy their cargo skinnies on Amazon.
I have not used Evernote for a long time. I'll have to give it a try again
Just came home from work. Made it in time to see the last few minutes. Let's go Lakers!
My mind is always in the gutter #str8freakstatus lls jk
let us have our moment haha x
Who has a shirt with their name on it? This man. *points in the mirror*
Android Player SDK for #BlackBerry #PlayBook is announced at #DevCon. (Applause)
YES WE ARE LOL
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo is judge a man. #Chadevans2 was #wronglyconvicted just like #AmandaKnox. #justice will prevail! FREE CHAD IN NH!
Like when you cheated on your wife? RT: Faison: NC must not follow other states that have pushed through immoral policies
Campus lights went out tonight at Purdue during planning! Preparations continue in the dark! TEDx coming to Purdue This Week!
im sad who im i gonna hang with
You tripping now, 2ma night tho..
#60Minutes the gems might have been thrown out of a drug trafficker's boat.
i don't understand how one can be so tired, yet unable to sleep.
Happy Australia day!
you're the one tweeting about it! Haha I won't tell anyone
(or at least I think Nick Cave is the original? could be wrong)
Who Gnna Stop Me???
The cold wind blowing through NYC feels like winter. It's about time.
What is the American Dream to you? To live out a piddly life? Bad dream, eh? The Dream is to be successful. You jealous?
my head is not big it's normal size!!!
Money Saving Tip #22: Plan your meals around your grocery store’s flyer.
yea but i kno ya pic... U #ny ... Fresh 2death ya face on my #TL makes me smile... #UnforgettableFace <3
Nah, I only know that because I've been to Sweden a couple times. :)
Twit is another tool celebs use to pretend to care about the ppl who put $ in their pckt. In reAlity they only connect w/higher class celebs
Congrats on the new grandson!
Ronnie Redcup is a kickball wizard! Where do you play?
Have a green Christmas! #Audiobook review: ENVY by , read by Julia Whelan for Brilliance Audio. goo.gl/O9AJ1
The Rosa Parks of your FB...no, ma'am!
WOW if you actually knew what you were talking about youd know that 34234 black people started attacking/cussing at me
im eating subway(:
aye im holdin down for da band in cali mane, Sneedie wonder!
sexy as always babe...gonna be crazy hot when I get you in front of my camera soon :)
btw you sound amazing when you sing <3 keep it up (:
Love the idea! I'll be interested to hear how many participants you get! (and to see the results) :)
Just did burpees, push-ups, sit-ups, and squats. I might die.
DROP IT LIKE IT'S HOT!
11 hours of law & order on TNT!
fire man john has some of the best shit out right now
Finally made it! RT : Lost with my man following just trying to get back to LA.. Is that so much to ask for!?
not anymore!
at our annual biz meeting. first thing we hear no cell phones no laptops. what a difference from #astdTK12 .
Things you didn't know: the world center of transcendental meditation is in Iowa.
AFL-CIO calls on Congress to set aside politics of 1%, old game of special favors for Wall Street & turn to business of real job creation.
it was freaking amazing. Love how was like lemme see? YANK. Back in place.
I get off at 11. Why are you coming
thanks for the following let's get in that Dj battle this summer location coming up soon.
Baked chicken soup for lunch...yummy!
Just heard that has 5 former students participating as mentors this year.
please follow back, I'm a huge country music fan!?
#cavs cut it to three
to the ones that have past RIP. To the ones that are alive plz Universe help them stay alive. Soon it will be time to Rebuild.
Kidnap us? :)
Davis Love to learn from past Ryder Cup captains Davis Love I is prepared for the lobbying and politics that come with being America's
The same way u iPhone users feel about Android having instagram is the way white people feel towards black people about hollister & polo.
Were sitting waiting for the liliac festival parade.
Your videos are amazing, I always look forward to them!! :) keep up the good work and stay beautiful! <13
Wishing all of you a Happy Holiday!
on facebook, a good friend of mine is looking for a SINGLE/UNATTACHED guy for me... Contact Angela Goble on Facebook
added bonuses of a late afternoon poolside: craft beer in plastic cups and the missus in a two piece.
Adobe Media Encoder is stunningly inept at encoding media.
To the crew on bikes that rolled by bumping "I Got 5 On It," cheers.
RT : Find out what VC of thinks of YOUR idea! He's mentoring at
who's your least favorite?
well Satan is the #fatheroflies so he wouldn't argue. He'd persuade or coax you making you believe it was your own
By take off, I mean that ontologies exist in most domains, not simply in a few (& growing # of) specialties
2012 ATA Convention unveils new association brand: Professional Association for Customer Engagement
ets- got our first airplay off the new record on tues 24th with "heart poppers" played on wmbr cambridge, ma.
Hey everyone! its Friday! what are u all doing this weekend? :)
Jen is so hot, the sun cannot look her straight in the eyes.
So here I am in Peru...and I just have to say...Dear Indiana and North Carolina: You have lost all touch with reality....enjoy that.
Already getting camera ready“: RT ***SWOON*** #
Wow. Wife has hijacked my Twitter.
Foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, Foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul.
"Taxation without stated ability to negotiate labor contracts" just doesn't have the same ring to it though
I thought you didn't have an iPad.
Hate to see the Fox Sports Southwest Crew sign off for the season. They do such a better job than the network.
you get mad when i dont text you back, but when i do you don't. t(-_-)t whateverr dude. 2 can play this game. GAME ON!
amazing!!! My mommy is amazing.
We are Niagra Falls bound tomorrow for at the Rapids Theatre! See you there, super upstate NY.
Going skiing with my girls ! ♥ And it's only October ? ! WOW .
Melo and the Nuggs @ Philly in A.I.'s return to the sixers
and also with you.
go away Fagget
We're back at Duff's Garage to hear...are you ready...Crime-A-Billy Christmas. See you Live on NC8.
Please help!
I would love help prepping the the #checkride when the time comes. Should grab coffee sometime as we have some things in common.
Dear your "seamless" transfer option has been nothing but a nightmare. And your customer service anything but helpful. #AT&T
Isn't wealth redistribution just an Orwellian language trick to sell what is really theft?
Where was the lane violation?
Hey errybody, it's 's birthday!!!!
I a stupid hoee
Batman is my choice as well!
You fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter :)
I know, inside joke
Thank you for tweeting my article
Wake up, its time for Vegas. #ces here I come!
That's very helpful, thanks! Not sure I could do one as well, but love the idea.
+ you run! RT : I think; therefore I AM a
I need an infant gronk nation shirt if possible?!
85% of Americans say they have a more positive opinion of a company when it supports a cause.
Who would wear a JamesGang SKC tshirt?? im itching to use my western license
First day back to work and can't wait for the weekend.
Happy hour today, old town?
#NashaRashaNYC Let Loose and Relax Happy Hour! 4pm - 7pm
i figured it out! you have to be an architect to enjoy putting together Ikea furniture.
what happened why are you on crutches! 😭
you a clown lmao but I would've been sleep for all that
Dear , I need to reach you RE a ShareCare mother's day tribute to caregivers. Please email me
To mothers everywhere, Happy Mother's Day! May your day be filled with laughter, hugs and love. The true joys in life.
Jut getting home from work!
Throwing into the middle of it. He's lovin it
Never pay extra for exterior grade plywood for interior jobs. Interior grade is just fine and cheaper!
Please add a search box to the new designed home page of WMT for agencies....new thumbnails make it a slow scrolly process. Thx!
So not looking forward to going to school today :'( its soo nasty out
That coffee sounds like something made in a dispenser from Star Trek. Is it good?
CAN'T STOP CODING...except to eat :)
My roommates are talking about their "waxing schedule"Seriosuly, the funniest thing to listen too.
MISTER DUDE
we need?
I know they have to win this next game on Sunday if they wanna even have a shot to win this series. They better pick it up
anything at all? Sometimes it's good to change your mind on what you want. :-)
glad I got a chance to talk with you tonight a Blue Frog ... keep in touch!
Have they said what is going on with him specifically yet?
I'll never be your mother's favorite. Your Daddy can't even look me in the eye.
well..why you stalking me? lol <3
Your name is stupid.
To which are you referring?
CAN'T BELIEVE THE ICONic Boyz ARE GONNA BE ON THE
RT you're welcome....now go get drunk!...lol--believe me i will lol
#ThoughtsWhileRunning left, right, left, right, left, right...
Dance party in the IB yuhhhhh!!!
always good! when are we getting our POC everything on?
Food for Thought today!!! RT Food For Thought conference at University of Portland! Listening to congressman Earl Blumenauer.
way to go badgers “: Huge win for UW men's soccer! Congrats boys...
its the bomb,com
A beautiful voice left the world today...R.I.P. Whitney Houston
RT Marketing/P.R. agency looking to offer services at no cost to a non-profit. Location not important.
Lol just when I felt bad for you. Hoe.
You wanna fck up my life and leave me with a broken heart go ahead and ill move on,live a better life and be me
Call me crazy, but when someone yells "Fuck you faggot!" across a parking lot at me, I can't help but take it personally.
He did teach us alot tho i didnt understand how much history till i came to college so S/O to my boi Jason ha
lmfao that was a joke ... right?
ICE launches grain contracts, battles CME on home turf
Russell's gonna debut the new Taylor Swift song from The Hunger Games soundtrack at 6:25!!!
- The #Celtics are playing inspired ball at exactly the right time! Let's hope they can carry this into the playoffs!
I'm looking for tools or methods for remote brainstorming and idea generation. suggested Pinterest. Other ideas?
great work!
using proper form when working out is the key to getting the results you want and preventing injuries. think quality over quantity.
Excuse the exaggeration but seriously I almost stepped on this thing and these bugs legit are after me. ):
I'm not conceded just confident
eaten way too much crap today, need to do something tomorrow to make me feel better.......fitness burst!!!
watching it all happen wit
A pedestrian in the street, who isn't in a crosswalk, better be able to run the speed of traffic because those jerks get away with too much.
1 pound ten ounces
that's good stuff about Gus, he will be great for MLS!
Bluegrass Stout 2.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
GOP is stubborn, and worried about their own wallet. They don't care about us, the American people. Your stupid if u cant see that
Fear cuts deeper than Swords - Arya Stark
its nothing you can do about that. Just be the best "you" you can be. Can't
I just earned the Glamorama badge on #Yelp!
Wow, just shot my 1,000th photo with Seems crazy.
Because My Phone Bill Was Over $1,200 Dollars.
I just teleported back to Highschool on that one! AWESOME
stole my only lighter fuckin dick!
Why am I still sick :( ugh I hate this feeling
RT : My love of tight butts and eating sunflower seeds can be directly attributed to watching baseball.
It's kind of hard to use the site if the Register button gives a 404 error & contact leads back to register and 404, not cool
Lv wrangler game w/ and a bunch of industry family.
Ooh but it is progress and progress is wonderful. Yay, you!
Join tonight in SV to hear Elena of the Green Chamber of Commerce on the importance of a GCC in a troubled economy.
Double D on #DWTS !!! Cheeseheads for DONALD!
I'm a nerd :p
Gaga on ellen , oh yeah!...
Can't help you there. I'm not an arguing kinda gal. I guess I could argue anti football. ;)
Never Say Never <3
You make me so excited and I don't wanna fight it I start to blush you are my Sugar Rush!
When people talk in 3rd person
Thanks, I hadn't seen it!
Hey Brooke, who do I speak to regarding your agent? I'm writing and producing a movie I think you'd be good in.
S/o to young buck. I still bang straight outta cashville.
Come with me to virtual starbucks then :D
Next time you think I give a fuck, remember the 3 F's..if you aren't feeding me, financing me, or fucking me I dont give a shit.
We just heard from "Congratulations on winning “Best MexicanFood” in our 2012 Smart List (will come out Mar 8)." Thanks & Cheers!
--about big government conservatives. A lot of the resistance to Mitt, Newt, Rick came from exactly that. "Establishment" GOP.
To all The Lovely Moms in my Twitter Family: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
just dont curbstomp me at downings and we're good. :)
wide.awake.
I just hit a 100ft. Birdie on Tiger Woods PGA Tour '10
Cougar week in Spokane is here, heading off to work soon, 1st stop
Thanks for all your support!
Im nw at Lammbeau Field for tonights game with Cleveland .
Adam, my mother was an LVN most of her adult working life. I got my passion for the health and well being of others from her.
"If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?"
when it loads info, sure.
“: HATERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT STEALiNG SOMETHiNG FROM SOMEONE ... WiNNERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT BUiLDiNG AN EMPiRE” legendary
RT : #astd2012 will be the 1st opp to win a 12 month license to the Critical Thinking University! Stop by booth
I know I'm moving fast but it's my first pregnancy and I'm excited and scared. Mom Already purchased 25 outfits And more
Night twitter
Know exactly what color dress and what color heels I want for my birthday. Must. Find. And. Buy.
Happy Friday. Lovely day for writing documentation, yes?
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #UMBCsocial this morning. Be safe on the wet roads. Coffee and pastries await
:-) Yeah, Whitefield and Wesley are a couple of my favs.
Credentials on the wall do not make you a decent human being!
I texted u to your textfree number.
24 hours 'till Costa Rica!!
ninneerrrssss. Who you got?
of course i'll follow them :) xoxo
your ideas are fabulous! Thanks for following & stay tuned for #coutureoncoins with Eve & Natalie
Xmas Gifts For Your Pets! These are some of the reasons
hahaha... yea Heat might pull it out
how was your day? <3
I am totally loving the entire Ralph Lauren Big Pony Fragrance Collection!! They are so pretty and delicious smelling!!
I really hate one word replies-_____-
Just dawned on me how weird it is that I have a brother & sister only 5 days apart. :o
It's Impossible for me to listen to "Tiny Dancer" in my car and not pretend I'm on the tour bus with Stillwater
You can do similar polling with Blackboard Collaborate or Polleverywhere.
Well if you can work it out with Chris, Eddie, I might have time to review some beats. Maybe just as an intern.
Ugh!! Ok so he wanna drive like a maniac ok, but then he got the nerve to be texting too!! Oh hellz naw!!
RT : Well all I have to say is if your planning on walking anywhere near freshmen hall tomorrow, you better bring a gas mask
RT : It may be a speaker’s presentation, but it is the audience’s experience.
OMG! Is there anything more irritating than ?! I will NOT click your links.
I'm sleep deprived, people are stupid, & I just wanna go to kings island. Rocky start to this wonderful Wednesday. -___-
Thanks! I owe you a longer note. I've been thinking about the MAR revision AND CONGRATS on the cool pub. More in my note...
Calling Morris Knolls and Morris Hills Basketball for boys and girls on MSG VARSITY!!! Should be a dandy!!!
oh Taft... what a sketchy place
Left my iPhone 4s on the car roof...thank you Otterbox for only a small scratch under the case!
“: Before we close? I have the feeling we barely scratched the surface... #UIEVS #gamestorming” I agree!
Seeing Rosie Napravnik win the Oaks reminds you how tough the women & men who ride really are. She's had some injuries.
That Halftime show was so reductive...
Finna nap for an hour then wake up and hit the books.!!
And that's all the brain can handle tonight. I'll try to handicap more positions in the next few days, definitely into next week.
Study break = Wash Nationals game vs SF Giants. To all - Good luck on finals. Be safe moving out and traveling home as you finish finals.
Saturday April 7th will be a night to remember as we celebrate the birthdays of our resident Dj's & 🎉
Is Obama unstoppable?
They say it's the journey that counts, not the destination. Except when the journey begins to feel like a treadmill.
hey man thanks for following us... hope to see you at a show!
Anyone have a Google+ invite?
Wait, finals are next week?
yea I even told Josh..lol...Its jus to big for me....That shit can fit all kinds of baby stuff lol
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. Pablo Picasso
I know what it was, I just want to know why he did it.
Swimming is such a good workout..
You like? ;D
We are on Facebook, come check us out and like our page
(yawn) good morning! how have you been? life has been crazy busy for me. and it's almost time for #mkeMomsDay brunch!
That's my thing. Can't we all just let it be the bad enough that it already is without piling on more bad? Answer, always: No.
Happy #superbowl day!!
Makin moves early.
Going to the doc on Wednesday for bloodwork to figure out why I keep losing weight
thanks guys, i really enjoy both your industry blog comments.
tornado warnings and heavy rain
35 percent of U.S. Adults are obese, that's crazy and pathetic. This country is in bad shape.
Rain! Is this some kind of mean joke?
yes building a twitter PLN takes time, one way you know a teacher cares (and shares)
Orange County NC uses AnimalKind to do income qualif, & POP-NC mobile unit helps with surgeries. Public/private partnerships.
Good job Nats!
Amy composed 4 new songs: Love Handles, My Friend, Scared the Bejesus Out of Me and Drink Lots of Beer.... Her new album might be out soon
I like the .08 alcohol limit road signs near the WI and IL border. I assume most people still go 5-7 over.
This is just the dumbest attack I've ever seen.
thanks you too. I might be in for paper soon!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com you have to register to gain full access to all the live games enjoy!!!
Oh the irony of choking on your medication. Ran to the kitchen and swallowed a piece of bread. Thought I was gonna die!
Asian cracker mix and chai tea lattes shouldn't go together...but they do...they really do...
"Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try."
Yes today is my teachers last day she wont be back to next year subs everyday :-)
"An ounce of gold is an ounce of gold, whether it consists of guineas, sovereigns or eagles."
love gt fish. My favorite is a glass of old money and the shrimp and foie
RT : Tourism jobs? Great, will use PhD to sell dippin dots at WI Dells once you decimate state govt.
Even though I dance everyday :o
There's just so much wrong with that, Do not want!
hahha have u ever been out here
up there
Thanksgiving is nothing if not a glad and reverent lifting of the heart to God in honor and praise for His goodness. ~Robert Casper Lintner
no it got postponed until Tomorrow
Spice things up with a chick-fil-a spicy sandwich for dinner. Feeling extra spicy you can add pepper jack cheese to it!
This lady on Ellen has a British accent. Omg stop mocking me.
“: In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.”
What To Do??
I'd rather push forward w less worry about race + more what draws us together as humans. Healthier in my opinion.
how is it about me? I don't see a wall!
Lovely day off yesterday day drinking and then dinner and drinks with the boss! Now it's time to work!
Dear iTunes Genius Mix: Nothing kills a work flow like Christopher Cross.
What apps do you rec for Asperger's/hi funct pragmatic speech?
getting back into action...
See you there! RT : Gonna check out clinic tonight
New stereotype for Midwesterners: way existential. Dan Chaon's "Stay Awake."
“I got well by talking. Death could not get a word in edgewise, grew discouraged, and traveled on.” - Louise Erdrich
hahahaha yeah i mean i had made tht part better then jkjkjk her when she got out the car she hitted her self with the door haha
Thanks , I was wondering what was going on with my
Aww wish my kids were little again so they could be cute in that...they're 17&13 and cute in adult swag so its cool we love ya <3
I just finished a 5.06 km run with a time of 29:29 with Nike+ GPS.
Thank you very much. I would have had to kidnapp Thomas et hop in the 1st hot air balloon out of here otherwise
LOL how often were you taking them? I was taking 4mg 3x's per day
i feel u my dude... Who u stay with?
I have an obsession with #border security
Theres nothing wrong with being shallow as long as youre insightful about it. Dennis Miller
Returning/to returning/to returning
Now that I'm awake I still can't convince myself it's not true. (2/2)
what did u get at the liquor store? Jameson test taker juice? Lol
No more sight singing class at AMDA ever again!
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!!!!
Already awake, about to watch someone kill it at football❤then let's go 💃🎉
You ever wish that you had amnesia? That you could forget that one person that ruined it for everyone else?
#YouKnowYouStink when someone is talking to you and they stop the convo and say "what is that smell is, that the garbage?"
Tuesday shout-out idea: Got some favorite #publishers?
I can smell Revel making Korean BBQ from my roof… This is going to be an awesome summer.
Shannon Mattern beginning with the joke of a woman who accidentally cut internet line in her garden in eastern Europe.
Ladies, your HAIR, or your HEALTH??
Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
hey you look just like the Timbers Nagbe ....you're both great scorers
Car of girls just rolled up outside my apt. to pick up neighbor and all shrieked "VEGAS!" Heh. Love it.
Hi Thom! A long time since Northampton! Hope you're well x
D-fence!!! Is the name of the Game
I admit I'm not succeeding ;)
is sessions really as good as people are saying. Honestly i know nothing about him. But im just glad we still have pau and bynum.
oh u have me lily and other ppl
that doesn't help me lol
My Instagram --> StevenZambito My other twitter -->
Lol RT : Littles pens that talk and move there head that come out of dog toys remind me of you
Troy Calhoun is the current Air Force coach. Just rumors right now.
Gettin on my Grizzline stuff tomorrow! Ready to watch the Grizz tear up the Clippers and play some sweet beats with the Grizzline
My brain: "Hey dude we've been up since 5am - time to call it a day" #mybrainismush Anyone wanna finish prepping tmrws TLJ for me? Hahaha.
that's fantastic!!! There were a bunch of you called - coincidence??? Have fun tonight & kick booty!!
Still learning cool things abt social media like Trendsmap, which enables u 2 c what's trending on Twitter from a particular city.
Waiting on the D3 servers to come back on
I think I might have a problem... Ive been on the lookout al day lmao
We're at Bar East. Spammin' this shit with Space-heads.
Woke up for nothing
Living in the NOW but particularly glad the now is Friday!
haha, now you are. thanks :) x
13 days until Copenhagen...!
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done. David Lloyd George
My mood right now though. Lol not cool.
f that noise!!! Stay away from all of them!! Hit me up ;)) you know I'll improve your day!!!
and that soldier is a hero our countries veterans are the best there is please help our veterans every day and support them thank you
One thing I don't miss about Avon: the poop smell on 625 😷💩☝
Finished our pitch - good experience!
There is still plenty of time to get back into the Fantasy game..LegendsFantasyLeagues has new games every week. New line ups every week.
we have a spotify playlist in interior design in some girls just added the whole up all night album....
With all dance moms and candy apples
Keep an eye on your account activity!
Just filmed co-founder Bo Lu for my YouTube channel. Next up is at the next break
#community - I am more turned on by a woman in pajamas than lingerie. I just want to know they feel comfortable.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 36
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends..
any word on what that fire is? Scary
I live in NY That's not a redneck type state little troll
Give the music all your lovin'
This is so interesting! Great find. I can't believe the Dictionary was banned.
lol 😊 You are to cute!!
I love History, but writing a rap about it is just a big no.
‎"The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.” – Ayn Rand
It is so hot outside omg
Are you missing work because of the trip? MISSING work?
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
:D Anything Else?
I just keep a couple of em' close by.
The Festival of Lights is coming to Fremont on Dec. 9th. Save the date & let your friends & family know!
I think I'm ready for another hamster...
lots of edits to my intro...not even certain what should be in here really.
Haha. :D I love you too!
Subban is a bum.
Hi... Thanks for the kind words. Was your name Capron when we met?
become a man with more then 10 hustles if you arent already that kind of man,make sure money doesnt stop u from doing anything u want to do.
Feel like a kid again... Used a real pencil sharpener today. They still suck
it kinda sucked tonight but we made the best of it haha. It will be super fun on the weekend!
Meeting of Station North artists at 5:30pm at City Arts TODAY! To be discussed: opportunities for artists, tax incentives, and future plans.
Have you read Ray Kurzweils The Singularity is Near? It is about the future of the human race. It is optimistic.
love it! I really enjoy how drunks are brave, as long as they're 50 feet away. Ha ha, I deal with a lot of CUNTS! Ha ha!
The Script is my new favorite band..
rt: If You Don't Know God, You Don't Know Peace.
As serious as your life.
It's all about the Love, Thank you for your support and for doing business in #BloomingdaleDC!
Jumped an hour ahead... which means dinner is an hour earlier :)
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! 
Well, at least I have amazing friends
A weakness of this age is our inability to distinguish our needs from our greeds.
Thanks! Nice cab! Have a great day and enjoy this beautiful weather!
oh fizz wouldn' t you like to know! ;)
I've become obsessed with images of the (Emerson) Bromo Seltzer Tower, City Hall, Baltimore Courthouse, and streetcars.
Lombardi known as blunt, at times abrasive - The Advocate
The good things that come to those who wait may have been the things left behind by those that got there first
I think it's one of the best sequels yet. It seems to follow the original story much more closely than any of the others ever had.
Sorry to hear that. Thanks for the fast response. Hope to work with you in the future!
Although w/out them, one sentence makes it sound like I'm cooking imaginary ponies for dinner. I try to avoid surreal cuisine.
that sounds like an excellent answer for bible content.
ive done it before and ill do it again this yr. :)
thanks for the RT and follow on Friday!
Brand-new Audio-Technica USB turntable shipped with a CD bearing a 2006 version of Audacity (PPC-only, non-Lion). Where'd they even find it?
co-founder of Egypt's April 6 movement, was amazing today. Such a privilege to hear him.
Mitt forgot, my people didn't come here for opp, came in chains, chattel not people as enshrined in constitution. I c #USA differently.
I think I might call it a night
Anybody have a good recipe using Malibu Rum? On sale now for only $23.99 (1.5L).
so beautiful!
I dont watch kris humphries much but when i do he scores on the wrong goal.
I've still got a few tricks up my sleeve ;)
im already going to see the movie i dont want to see him until i get to the movies so i can feel surprised =D
Thanks Dan :) Wish it was the Rapids instead of Galaxy being honored for a Championship and conducting the clinic!
I will be playing with my quintet at the Cotton Club in Tokyo from May 30 - June 1!
lol yeah dude maybe I should just legally change my name to Keyless and never use Justin McKee anymore haha that would be cool
Your body is so fine boy ;)
Am i right or am i right! Ha
ur making me look bad.
Did you know we have Meatball Lollipops? They're piping hot and they'll warm you up this chilly afternoon! Stop by today...open until 7.
RT : The woman reading this deserves a Pulitzer for being able to get through the script without laughing.
hahahah I wish I was there to see that
Going to see the hunger games!:) RT if you have already seen it
#InfluentialAthletes Rickey Henderson. Greatest lead off man of all time!
Barnes shooting well
I don't think so. I have only seen part of 2 episodes.He's more of a curiosity, but the fact that he's there is a step fwd.
maybe I'll be getting to play with Eugene Chadbourne in North Carolina this July! stay tuned...
I need help if your following me and I'm not returning the follow let me know so I can return it... Thanks
i have exams 2moro i ddnt study;)
#SHOUTOUT to the new followers &
"If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?"
Waltzer's wired in. RT : Soundtrack for migration currently underway: Horace Silver with Art Farmer
good luck in the contest! Did you like Antwan's video? -
. Thanks for the follow. Interesting Twitter stream...Jeannette
Congrats Wes God Bless you for next season see ya soon and take care.
Happy Birthday Love! You are now old enough for Harry & Niall:) Can't wait for the lakehouse, miss the four of us<3 Love Ya:)
Help improve a gov't website: First Fridays needs volunteers for usability test Wed. Jan 25. Email
*lookin around the house* damn baby i lost my feelins for yu
I'd have laughed if that HTC kid landed on a cactus. You got a cactus prickle in your ass son!
Congratulations to for officially earning her MFA! Thanks for sharing your enlightening journey! NOW the REAL work begins!
Your body's like a pill a shouldn't take . <3
thanks for the followw :)
Mesa, AZ! Are you there? What are you plans for Fat Tuesday? Any John Waters fans in Mesa?
I missed this state and it missed me.
Sitting at my desk, rocking out. My body wants to dance. It knows that summer is right around the corner.
WE R DARING AND COOL AND ALL R JEALOUS
crash it
We talking bout homework ? Homework ?! Now a test ... not a final ... We talking bout homework , what we talking bout lol
Can't wait for in Syracuse so we can get some white raver rafting going on!
Good morning world, make sure to stop by www.threadedtype.com and pick up some tees...
Gay is sin? Well, the bible claims that sex is for creation only. Therefore any sex with a condom or birth control is wrong as well.
will you please follow me! :)
Seriously - I like to hear differing opinions, but you're clogging up my feed with Van-can we move on ferchrissake?
Am an asset not a liability
Hi, my loves this is Copperrose I Think I'm going to like Twitter so follow me!!!! and my band. We love you !! and thanks. Peace.
Thank you! ;) All the best!
“: well she is a sneaky one. Just like Osama 👳.” <- that was stupid 
yep! do u ever go see games @ home depot center?
Sunday Dinner Prime Rib Buffett Only $11.95. Come one call all and enjoy this feast! Only at the Cultural Center. Order in or take out.
“: “: "Was that lightning" No.... they're taking pictures for google earth.” ” love it!!!!
happy birthday mooosh!!
Thank you!
G.M.N.I.: Caught my niece saying, "Come on, vamanos!". Yes. She's watching Dora.
put the new case on..now all I need is a new screen
Our new Facebook page is up - Movie Insider. Have you liked us yet?
that's awesome!
Thank YOU from Atlanta City Councilman ! Check out ATL's !
or a pound of flesh, but I'd prefer royalties.
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.” ― Oscar Wilde
Why is the woman next to me eating a banana?
Do I have to make an account first?
Ah *sigh* thank goodness.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
This glass ceiling is a MF.
Thursday & Saturday = fotoshoots. And in between: diners, drinks, movies, citytrips... Busy schedule!
Good start to keynote, amazing journey starting Sharing his #PaaS vision
is going to open up a big old can of #opengov awesomeness this Thursday at 11:00am EST.
i don't think would like it ;)
Trapped in by #Irene, planned to read Frankl's Mans' Search for Meaning, ended up chnging my twitter bckgrnd and following new ppl.
watching Alan Greenspan interview i've been looking forward to all week. jealous?
Looks like my back yard. =)
excuse me im sorry im really such a lady i rep young money you know slim baby!! <3
Babe forever rubs my belly.
yall comin by tomorrow? Beware of #pickpockets and
my son Cassius' bday how bout a retweet? The GOAT!
Since Memorial Day Weekend is coming: No, I won't get you in free anywhere, no I will not line pass you for $20 and NO THERE ARE NO "DEALS"
: Checked email & found online confirm. You might want to check yours. My computer still says processing. Big Mess!
I love brown eyes<3
glad my heart, my body heat down her now I play more beautiful.
char, para, cell and table styles often conflict, override inconsistently, have different context menus... unstable
and got married yesterday! agfgffgjkklfzsdfgh :D
I'm on his cabinet RT : : running 4 prez on this "I want a country where motel keys CAN'T BE DE-MAGNETIZED!"
You've got Smith 2X “: #Hawks starters: Smith, Teague, Johnson, Williams, Smith. #Celtics #NBA”
I dont think I have 1 day that's not draining from here til May w/ finals, my sisters wedding & concert all in the next 10 days
If you getting down that night then do it. But if not then don't. What's the deal miss lady?
The sun is shining in Arizona. Just like Gabby Giffords smile. God speed on your recovery. We look forward to your next chapter.
gggrrrrr...logistics of things are frustrating me.
Gyros for lunch. Now I have had my Greek fix for the month!
is that a trick question haha jk ME!!
Palo Alto is great (although a little expensive) and you are a 45 min caltrain ride from SF. Have you been to the campus?
#NW Wedding Crashers - "Rule #76 No excuses, play like a champion" LOL
Help I have to use Rosetta Stone
are you happy now??
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: These mice only had 30% loss in GABA transmission, but this caused a multitude of psychiatric phenotypes.
also everyone in Concepcion could really use your prayers
I just finished my longest run in two years... it's still far from my longest ever, but it's progress..
Nice to meet you at the CALD meeting today.
same sh!t dif toilet. how u been homie
Thanx just watched laugh at my pain...I needed that tonight...great stand up...alright alright alright lol
“: #askanything: Jack Daniels and Coke or Mojito?” Mojito sorry
“I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes. I had one thousand and sixty.” Imelda Marcos
don't go chasing waterfalls...because you'll probably drown, dummy
let's go on the 20th! close encounters of the third kind...
come! I might also go to the abbey tomorrow.
lol that would suck. I can't wait chillin with my homies tomorrow
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ONE DIRECTION. HOLY FUCK WHY ARE THEY SO AMAZING. Me and my sister were pretty much crying. Omg. I can't even
THANK YOU TO THE WONDERFUL VENDORS FOR SUPPORTING THE 2011 SD FAMILY EXPO! We look forward to seeing you there next year.
One major website is sucking, it's that website's fault. Multiple major websites are sucking, it's Amazon Cloud's fault.
the DVR-esque functionality is a nice touch too. They rolled the new goodies out for iPad a few months back. It's pretty slick.
She's super cute!!!!!
we look just like that too today...not! as you say. Covered in moving dust bunnies.
not sure yet. They are going fast. We are givin' away a bunch of other events on the site though
Finding your roots!
If you're downtown for first night, get to 5th ave place by 9:30 for some Cello Fury action!
not that it matters but waving that goal off is a joke. Same thing Hartnell did on second goal.
Talking about extension of TANF we passed in the Committee on Human Services. Bill gives 12 months more to those on TANF 60 months.
I just ordered my last present so I am officially done with my Christmas shopping!
Hey jasmine how are you hey do have yahoo to chat
We just drove past South Bend. I think I saw trouble with your name on it. :)
Thanks to for a great conversation in #DigitalPreservation class, and for provoking our thoughts about such rich ethical issues.
37min. for Kevin Durant in an #AllStarGame is a joke. Scottie Brooks wanted that extra accolade for his player.
Agreed RT : Big fan of the team over at Love what they're up to, love how they operate.
Kevin back for summer?
I don't think I'm that hard core. But then again, I didn't ever think I would have a twitter account either...
The only thing can cut through s beard is a roundhouse kick to the face by Chuck Norris.
First stop - Sports Clips!
Was running around all night & couldn't sit..hopefully made it on tv though! RT: Where's your seat at the NFL draft ??
Yes....we all know you're jealous of my relationship. Don't subtweet when I obviously know its you -__-
love the banter.....never get tired of angry OSU fans! really makes my day!
Back to the office. Had a goodtime celebrating Black History Month w/friends in Downtown SD. did an amazing job singing
wassup boss how is everything going?
When ur having a good dream then ur alarm goes off!
Kill urself if you like lil wayne
water boarding! RT : What's the penalty 4 turning them in tomorrow & changing them next week?
Another wonderful day in Seattle. Might have to go cycling or play some tennis later on.
Hell yeah !! <3
what's the dish?
A #quote for the evening: "There are three cures for ennui: sleep, drink and travel." D.H. Lawrence
Tone your legs! footwear's double rocker bottom technology helps boost overall leg and calf muscle activity as you
you have NO idea! I'm in Phoenix in full black and gold, so sad. :-( still #louisiana proud though! :-D
Lisa should be great. Just keep up with the work/deadlines and you'll be fine.
omg so many mentions right now i can't keep up. wow i have the greatest followers you guys are awesome. keep 'em coming
": is on a roll tonight. "they can just find that unfollow button." #gottaloveit #tinygirlwithatude" BAHAHAHA!
Everyone owes a HUGE thank you to for keeping the #GOP honest (oxymoron) & running a fun, intelligent campaign.
Josh Freeman. Ever heard of him? He started on Mike's fantasy team.
hey, thanks for the intro!
Grab your tickets to our hometown show on Friday w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set, etc. $15 www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
“: Eventually making my way onto this morning on the winner of #PXYHSC at 7am!”
i love your tumblr follow bak on twitter?♥
That is so cool! And, yes, it kinda DOES make u Hannah Vogel. Have u read the book? As cover model, I'd be happy to get u one
Drivers Ed so damn boring
#24HOURS till #BOYFRIEND #LEGGO <3 made it so far :)
OHP makes big bust of fake purses
Come join me at the falls!!! 2$ domestics all night!!!
i dont want to change you into that kind of person. :/
I love Jason's facial expressions when he dances! :D
follow back?
Your life is so glamorous.
Im gonna sneezin up my intestines!!
Thanks for the add!
The watch is pretty rad. But I'm broke. Can I buy you a beer instead?
Yesterday? You didn't kill me. I am stronger. HA ha.
Gonna get in gear
Need volunteers - Web site design, program development, and other tasks for new charity. Please email, .
Come To My Birthday Party
please share more! would love 2 c your scaffolding/curriculum :)
you got it!
Out of Print & On Screen Panel
Please don't let your pencil-jealousy cripple you--entirely. We promise to take lots of pencil-pictures.
Pretty Little Liars! #iloveEzra When will we find out who "A" is?
be selenatico is a good person, intelligent and compassionate help others! : D
#SocialMediaTip never get mad when it isn’t necessary
Agility for Dogs & Cats helps my cats arthritis. So does Sealogix Fish Oil.
Correction: Alexis is (not ). Sorry for the typo!
Which documentary is that? I love the NYPL.
Congratulations. You've totally blown the Junior Seau news. Embarassing for you. Were you distracted by Red Sox highlights?
I DO IT BIG MY NIGGAZ DO THA SAME THANG!!!
Works would then be made available as open access.
#TelltheWhiteHouse that if you can't do your jobs then you're fired! We'll build a new house and start our own government!
Do you think the ancients knew the speed of light? 299792458 fractal. Multiply each digit times the next = 3265920 x 6 = 1959552 = Nineveh #
I have to sign off, but will talk again soon.
If you can get 10 or more of your friends to "Like" our page, you will receive a FREE lunch!
Lol! I'm having a Jack Daniels!
Glitter eye shadow for prom next week....oh yeah
My mom has "had enough."
- Your Resume should not contain information that is not important; only put in the important parts that are required
haha and then her voice was so annoying:b did u see the one that was like 4 years later and she had the kid?
Redeemed Girls, remember Psalm 46:1 today, "God is our refuge and strength, always ready to help in times of trouble." (NLT)
they say it in my face i dont think so
My old roommate is getting married!!! Congrats Kathleen!!
but look, why block me...and I don't even hit you up you messaged me feel me?
Do you know of a place?
Shutdown laptop and now I am waiting for 19 Security Patches to old. I am going to be a little late this morning ....
Showed woman the self checkout machine. Why stand in a line, I say?
done! ..cool story
Oh my goodness, that sounds AMAZING!!! :) :) :)
Thought for the Day: “One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninety-nine who have only interests.” – Peter Marshall
12 hours into the work day, but totally worth it bc I passed my quiz :)
The only benefit of going to these things if that the freshman love me so I get to look cool for once in my life.
you #poop because you have to, I poop because I like the feeling.
Appreciate the suggestion!
One thing we are not, is film snobs. We love television! What new shows are you looking forward to this fall?
Checked the genre pages they're excluded. They still show up in the home page in Top10 and in other groupings on the home page
Love that is on #TheVoice right now! She made me cry with her amazing voice at our wedding:) Love her!
#313Dlove So many things about our new home- especially how welcoming, enthusiastic and supportive everyone has been. Best creatives around
GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE tonight at 4am. Johnny Depp in DONNIE BRASCO + Marlon Brando in THE WILD ONE. mai tais & movies, best deal in town
ILU Your Like Justins Brother N Some Ppl Just Be Doin Diz 2 Get Justins Attending But Im Not Hope U Feel Better God Bless U<3
Well, that's the first and last time Osama Bin Laden uses Facebook Places to Check-In at "My Favorite Cave".
Loves having conversations with random strangers.. they're the best! Haha(:
All that work to get tickets but it was worth it
You sit there in your heartache Waiting on some beautiful boy To save you from your old ways
Wow, I got blocked by a two-bit author who tweets spam to people about her bullshit ghost stories. Do I get a prize, ?
You must have met my husband! So happy it helped! Ginger works wonders!
"Glorify who you are today, do not condemn who you were yesterday, and dream of who you can be tomorrow." - Neale Donald Walsch
I like to call myself a "good repurposer" instead of cheap. Got a better ring to it!
Watching baseball at 90 degree weather today..
can we get a room?
He is GORGEOUS in drag. If you saw of photo of me at 24 and him and 24... we could be twins! Didn't realize you are in FLA.
On #VirginAmerica, Debit card wouldn't swipe, in window seat, & other cards buried overhead in bag. Guy on aisle bought me lunch.
yes. Thanks for remembering. He is 5 today.
Brazil's top MMA promotion to broadcast Shooto 28 live from Rio de Janeiro on GFL.tv, March 10th
Darling now blaming lack of job creation in WI on recall elections.
go ahead! haha stop bein a
Order sent to Randy in LA!
Okay, I'll rephrase what I tweeted. I'll just target WWE Creative instead.
If you thought May was great youre going to love June!
that's nice too but, u should get out and see those places I now I would :D
There needs to be a Princess Diaries 3!
Last rehearsal before we head to Atlanta with the tomorrow! /te
What's your website address?
Back to normal, all the meds are flushed out of me. Now, time to play catch up for what I missed.
It's National Coffee Day #ROC. A day we need to stop and smell the coffee. Cheers to our cups of Joe for getting us through the mornings!
Rain has moved out of the area and our crews are doing everything they can to get us open shortly.
Wonder why chose a frog in our logo/name? We love frogs & the idea of “leaping” into ebooks (pardon the cheese!).
Yep. My friend Ryan's in the band. :)
welcome home
you look even better on tv.
#NowPlaying Rumor Mill by . I can't wait to see them during their co-headlining tour with Every Avenue! :)
you said you better be it was funny
RT Book lovers never go to bed alone.
... if you're watching at Who's On Third? ... everything is a little fuzzy.
I should not be allowed to play with sharpies
Want to hear more about that session. Jealous!
I"M FOLLOWING U!
#HateItWhen you see someone online, and there totally not the person you thought face to face.
There are so many of you that could put text marketing to good use.
#WhatDreamsAreMadeOf Usually too much to drink unless Leonardo Dicaprio is incepting something.
China is setting a horrible precedent by expelling Melissa Chan.
See you there! RT : I'll be there for a bit before heading over to tonight's city council meeting.
Our work email system is currently down. This means I should just take the rest of the day off, right?!
shout out to and the great work they are doing to inform on #startup issues
HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER SEASON FINALE IN 19 MINUTES!!
marketing gone to hell. RT : just saw a claim something was "The official drink of halloween" Who authorizes that? Elvira?
Lost power in the thunderstorm last night and am now staring out the window at snowflakes. Only in MN. And really, it's kind of fun!
Wow! It is a lot of work to do every little thing you said you would do right after you said it. Kept me really busy all day.
Haha! I watched MY niece (4 years old) do the same thing,twice,a couple of days ago.not very "interesting" but still instructive.
#Vote for Amiee here and RT !! : you're on fire!
A night of Claire Denis, 'Trouble Every Day' and Tindersticks ... now has us wanting to hear Vincent Gallo's 'Recordings of Music For Film'.
Emergency evacuation galleria. Lost our movie.
You eat pieces of shit for breakfast?!?!
A graceful nonentity
I got a twenty dollar bill that says no one's ever seen you without make-up. You're always made up.
I am going to enjoy this last full day of summer. Tomorrow, I'll move on to fall. Thank goodness for baseball and football crossovers.
Looking to Add New people to instagram : Paulyg103
Your impression was dead on as always.
and that's when i received too much information.
hey bitches!
Well played. DM us your size! MT : May 1, 2012 - I was stressed out, editing in Ezratti, and then COM me a t-shirt!
Mason folks: looks like this outage impacted more than GMU. Look for the incident report on myMason. We'll post as soon as we have it.
One positive. We're staying at the same hotel as the Brewers!
Seriously, dude?! Ur guy has dressage horses as a hobby!! Ridiculous. Come up w/something real 2 complain abt
Very cool! Oh, and nice Kappa arm pop, :)
Some states & higher ed systems have ENDed remedial ed. in 4 yr colleges. Many students will be excluded if trend cont
Live that I had to take a day off work to goto court...
A friend just asked if I wanted to get a Groupon for skydiving...definitely not.
Take a walk down memory lane revisiting your school year books to get some ideas on who to to reconnect with on LinkedIn or Facebook.
anytime i feel fat, i watch my 600-pound life. problem solved.
IMDB Pro on my iPhone...Very useful!
Three things that shouldn’t be broken : friendships, hearts and promises.
I wish! Are you going Sammi? Can't wait for season 6! Congrats on all ur both doing! #bigthings xo
what's going on this weekend? Any events ya`ll hosting?
Watching the Big Ten's Greatest Seasons - 1999. Plenty of time spent on Paterno, Sandusky and the PSU D. Very odd to watch now...
My baby sister does the face.
I lost my bestfriend today...
Currently on my way back to Westport on the world's most crowded train
follow back :D ?
why is it then that despite R opposition since inception in '79, that R's hv kept it alive and expanded its reach?
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you for the feature in: 12 Place Setting and Place Card Ideas From Diffa's Dining by Design in New York.
the stuff they say is DISGUSTING...they need help
I don't need one but Id take one. Know what your shafts are? Also, are both stiff-flex shafts? I'd pick black over other but either
The notebook is on.
I told my lil 5 yr old sis not 2 hav a baby cuz it hurts then she was all o yea on animal planet a horse was like 1million months pregnant
bring a gas mask too !
Does anyone wanna stand still for 30 minutes for a wesley video today or tommorow at lunch time?
How do you escape from your mind
"The sixties produced an anarchic mind-set that is great for imagining a world not yet in existence.” -Walter Isaacson
who are you?
My normal wednesday playlist just won't do today. Song suggestions pls...
yeah then yeah as long as they are responsible if they boyz are happy the we real ICONiacz are happy too
Thanks for following! Keep the raw rhymes coming!
Aw , Well You Better BE LMFAO !
Whoever your talking about, Will probably make you happier anyway. 😒
ACCURATE! Thanks very much, Michelle! :)
bastards it's empty... ;)
OOC; To last tweet.
Woop that ass....
you look more your age in
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models.
- I'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup (as a cofounder). Send me an email
Please all, and you will please none. -Aesop
Got my Exit Day Luncheon paper.
It's 830pm and the HQs are still cranking. Tx to our terrific volunteers for all the hard work.
Morning off to make this money
An ex should stay an ex. They're the example of false love & the explanation for why you deserve better.
come for dork shorts and fun with r&m prelinger. 7pm.
Nite nite Harlem see u tomorrow
LOL, yeah, but I'm saving mine for MY book. Good luck with yours!
yeah I use it on sandwiches and salads
We obeyed kings and bent before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love. - Kahlil Gibran
RT : Off to get some Lebanese food at Zaina for lunch wit ... bo I almost went today!!!!
We shall slay this stereo dragon with much cursing, pre-renders, & casually dropping the term "convergence," in reviews.
“: 48 Minutes to Docking: The Soyuz is now at a Range of ~15 Kilometers conducting a KURS Short Test. #ISS”rt
Pleasantly surprised with RPP
Doesn't matter how old Ray Allen, Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett may be. They will leave it all on the court.
#NowPlayin ordinary people
a white booger seems to have just fallen from your left nostril
This guys knows! RT : Oh, you're really hot? Please, ruin it with a crappy personality.
I made the decision. I'm accountable. ~Janet Reno
. , I am writing an article for the on Wash. being the seventh state to allow gay marriage. Would anyone comment?
;D Yheaa it was i like how they did 3 different parts but still kept the characters n them
Formal education will earn you a living, self-education make you a fortune.
OMG thank you for sharing that!
I play live sporadically. When in a hand, I put my right hand over my mouth,take deep breaths w/o them noticing,and stare at em.
Are you at #IECA12? We are, and we're giving away free guides to college admissions. Take some for your clients!
Attending the seminar series on bid protests
Anywho, gotta get up early to go to beauty supply store so I can do my hair before this interview
Dinner with my family @ Sams no3
Time to play 1D's album on replay...
Money can't buy you love cuz it's over priced.
First person to tweet me <3 gets a shoutout!(:
Really should've shaved this morning
I don't like you at all so don't add me on Facebook.
Hey Sis you always make my day. Have a blessed day:-)
i say go for it. Just don't snore. Lol...
the all caps would indicate that you're surprised. DO YOU KNOW ME, WOMAN??!
I sent you an e-mail. Sorry for typos, but I wrote quickly and didn't proof. Keep up your great work!
If Parker and Rose keep going back and forth the way they are, this Spurs vs. Bulls game will end up in a fight lol
****All items aren't guaranteed to be in stock.
Congrats for an amazing rocking kick-off event for The ASPIRE Foundation in Las Vegas w/special guests Maroon 5.
Ladies, there's nothing special about being the MAIN chick. That just means you're 1 of many being played.
too bad he closed it. Maybe he will get it started verified before or if he starts another one.
5am? Sleep? What's that?
Ah, the scots -- always a source of humor and awesomeness!
This drive needs to be over so I can be with already.
UPML the age of dkr's
Still reeling (n a good way) from powerful constellations workshop lead by Beth Hand & Kathy Harman Powerful! TY
Thanks for RT!
Thank you for your thoughtful review of Animal Diaries-Life Cycles!
Emily could you be avail on Monday for about 30 minutes?
Shoot, have to pack for
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven; it is my inheritance, I suppose
amazing! any new favorites among the gems we pulled from the stacks?
It's on Kenilworth just west of Farwell. You need to try it!
love you. Come home to the mad city
#usopen great matches today!
in 2 weeks I'm ready to go to summer shopping 😏
It's my logo for both my photography business and my online radio show, so I notice when I see other ensos around! Well done.
#Wheelsup Boston to DC for my first #TEDMED Conference ... Can't Wait!!
What's your favorite hairstyle?
Just saw a Left 4 Dead fan film that somehow worked in Halo and Mortal Kombat, pretty epic.
