So the Native Americans are giving out loans. I can get $10,000 tomorrow, I just have to pay them $62,580 for it.
Enjoying happy hour!!!!
looking for this to as good as yesterdays match? Prob not but still good.
Well, I'm out of class early, thanks to my baby man!
class then timee for a much needed weekend
WOW thats sad
customer service at GReads has helped me with some of the wonkiness. Very helpful in making things disappear for my sanity
The ear bud beats by dre fucking suck
What the hell is wrong with Heath Bell this year?
Do you ever plan to do a Challenge from a different Game like Sonic Riders Zero Gravity or Mario Super Sluggers?
Love the fashion show at the #Oscars. My fav so far.....Stacy Keebler and Michelle Williams.
Great play by Cruz
cool love Walmart haha and it's was okay yu
So cool! My sister had a home water birth. It was twins that changed my mind. You are my hero Leah! You can do it!
I wonder if you guys can follow ? If you try, lemme know how it goes.
; You have a google+?
professor PDA is actually adorable... 💑
a day to remember, january 27. leggggggggggo.
"You've got to find what you love... Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you will know when you find it."
Matching is for squares
My car has 280 Wingless Pegasus Power.
Got free tickets to a early screening of "Battleship" >>>>
Totally a pleasure having you, of course.
crossed the 500 follower count on twitter this morning, only took 2 years lol
I think we took a Chance,this is Not par for the Course,but 1st Round Grade talent,7th round Character.
Just drafted you for my fantasy football team. Don't ask me how. Like Nike says, I just did it...
I can't wait for lunch boa...
HAHAHA I love you Court.
What is on the agenda for today for all you fine folks today! enjoy the weather happy Friday!!
aw, we are of the same cloth!!!
what's up ms Valencia
We're back in town!! When are you and coming over next?!
someone is going to find him and take care of him, that's disturbing.
": Guys #NeverShouldYouEver wear a tshirt with rhinestones on it. Girls #NeverShouldYouEver be with a guy wearing one."
I thought the Texans and Falcons were your teams...Are you taking Da Bears the rest of the way?
: 33Across Taps More User Data Than Facebook or Google for Marketers by
beside my self to have missed your chat- a min. 2 late:(
Prepare for all kinds of disasters with time to spare: FastPreparedness.com, and then don't sweat it!
alicia keys is such a DOG!! lol
Yes, seems like there are easier ways to keep your wireless network secure.
can I make that wish come true?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💓
check it out dude. It's on Netflix Watch Instantly... You have a couple hours to watch the 4 seasons before the finale tonight.
Brilliant. RT : So it's official...Wow, some game. On another note, Junior just finished the Lehigh book...
almost made me feel better, but I'm not done studying! I hate it lol
I'm excited for conditioning tomorrow :)
that's good!(:
Spread the word and like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/lovepopsdc
Still in the waiting room waiting on my princess to come from surgery :-(
GOOD NIGHT EVERYBODY ! :D
The #GrapefruitHusband (where men discuss issues & share ideas on how to become better husbands) will be starting soon. More 2 come. Pls RT.
Have Fun:-)
good morning Simon! :D
Finished an hour early. Thank goodness. And I'm out. Ooooooweeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
Great #work with advanced #focus mitts combinations tonight. See you tomorrow at East at 10am for
RT ": Much love and respect to "
Manpower Professional, COMSYS and Jefferson Wells have combined their considerable expertise and experience to create a new company Experis.
RT : Really great video by on Collaborative Consumption
Yes, --absolutely a wonderful evening!
Road trip tip: The one thing you can control fully is your attitude. Live by the three P's, be polite, patient and allow plenty of time.
Kids are sleeping. Time 4 #writing again!
Oh school , I am so over and done with your ass ! -___-
Why push the Big Dinner Box if you can't order it, or any 'za, online (from 1990 M St NW in DC) or via phone? So much for
This has got to be Streep. She'll faint if she doesn't win.
...that marked the high point of the winter social season
basketball evaluations 2day went great. i feel so confident! the new season should be awesome.
Most Leps aren't functioning economic areas, they're functioning political areas
it just seems to get better every year and Bluray seals the deal
One of my biggest pet peeves.
Get texas holdem poker tables at www.eproducts4less.biz
Thanks this is way late just learning twitter but u rock:)
Finally finished and sent out my update. Sometimes the hardest person to support is yourself, ironically
I'll be in LA soon.. Hope to do some networking with you
Larissa and I just watched The Tourist ... Hoping the brain damage is only temporary
yes sir. Been an unexpectedly rough season. Ugh. Lol. And thanks!!!
thank you!
Why did they suspend the match vs. moving it to centre court? Unreal
YAYYAYAYAYAYA. it's 95 degrees now... so sunny!
Todd France on NFL Network in 5 minutes. Talking Free Agency.
Does being on TV affect Charlaine Harris' work? "It makes me grateful but it doesn't affect my writing." (c)
Special #ffollowfriday #ff to the HDS social media Stars! Thanks tons for your support!
A TRUE Leader w/ influence does not have 2 ENFORCE his RULES. His followers willingly go the distance bcause they buy n2 the Leaders vision.
What is the moral of this kids speech?
Oh, no... RT Layoffs approved. SD board of ed votes 5-0. This means 1633 jobs cut.
- Wow! Can't believe it's been that long, but I'm so happy you did or we wouldn't have Vegas.
First week on the new job and already off for Veterans Day! To top it off I get to see my munchkins tonight in my new home town!
Wickedly bad sport coats. Look like horse blankets
Good night twitter
Tonight was amazing! Thank you to everyone who came and sang their heart out with us.
also recorded by Max Bygraves
“ Houston next week!”that's where I need to be
Parties Tonight!!!
if my coffee pot doesn't brew any faster, i'm gonna burn this bitch down
hate how judge mental so many people are theese days
fab i will (:
it's wave and wave after blue rolling by Walk Ons
Met the White House pest control guy. Masters req., he makes 6 fig.s and there are only 2 in all the fed gov with clearance.
- The best hockey news in the country. Get it on your phone, android, BB, or iphone today!
it was called the 'paramount' t-shirt
Idk what to do
I've often wondered how reviewers are chosen with regard to this. Is it a careful balance of content vs. stats knowledge?
Want cute clothes that show off your fabulous curves? Follow us! Thank you!
A friend wants a CMS that is *not* designed for blogging. Told him you don't have to use WP for blog, but he still thinks it's too bloggy.
All of our services come with Free Inspection RT
zomg! So cute!
hahaha I do that kind of stuff all the time. Oh well... there's always tomorrow :)
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA+' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
Yo are the spurs going to win the finals? I'm thinking yeah
Thursday: iPods & Craft Beer specials. Bring your player and be the DJ.
rob, why do u think they don't reply to your emails?
At Boulder-Fairview baseball. Knights up 4-1 heading to the fifth.
no tomorrow #superball and i can´t fly to #newyork !:( </3
Browns fan or get fucked by an elephant's trunk.
OMG GUISE SHE'S DATING VIN AGAIN! no. do you even check vinnys Facebook ? because you look like an idiot right now .
Kate Spade planner, why so expensive?
Koo shit.. Hit me up when you touch down bro...
That girl thinks her shit don't stink so I pay her no attention
Matt just let out a giant "m" at the beginning of track 14. We'll see what happens at 18 :)
nice we have a new champion
Henry also said he's heard a 4th round-free agent draft range from scouts, teams. Did insists he'll be happy anywhere, just wants to play.
oh it says twitter via iPhone
We love our eyes and healthy vision! Happy Valentines Day!
OMG I LOVE NEW VIDEO, ITS AMAZING EVERYONE GO WATCH IT
I love following fellow West Virginians!!!
na but she need to be on it
are we in process to have a single for RP album maybe even a release date?
You all make this Svedka work, okay?
is there Zumba tonight?
Walking dead video game and Breaking Bad? We're tv show soul mates.
"Everyone has a different yardstick for success, whether it’s marriage, children, a satisfying career...I had yet to achieve any of these."
Nice outfits. :)
#Str8LykeDes... Need a sweet snack...
those who act receive the prizes (aristotle)- did u put ur action items together for the day?
probably at the one at cielo dude
okay ma'am. I sure will :-)
yes you make plans and someone comes along and ruins them at the last min
Great shoot today with the Dream Team. It is an honor and a joy to work with our entire cast and crew.
Show this Sat.. J&B's Tavern don't miss this going to Rock the Mt. Carmel area Bigtime................
Those are great! Thanks!
so true
Dalai Lama on #CNN ...so happy right now. Lovelovelove
But either way, I'm fighting fire with fire.
how do u kno u dont live in the u.s.
Siri has taken Genevieve as a host body and from now on will speak on her behalf
wished I lived in S Carolina so I could vote Cain (Colbert) in the primary It'd be nice to see Colbert get more % than Perry
soo when the hell is senior ditch day?
<--- over here deepthroating a spoon eating ice cream.
We're thinking of you and praying for your mom.
Thanks for passing that along! Let's grow!
the new iPad is really heavy
Lol dog bit her butt
I got my mom a card and a box of her favorite Godiva chocolates.
RT : fm : Houston day care owner now faces 4 counts of murder in connection with last month's fatal fire...
going to bed night <3
I'm buying you lunch when you get home. Forreal.
Thank you Robb for getting us here.
What was Chi getting at when he said what's important is re-use, not firs use?
lockout over? Could you and me finally be going to a Laker game ?
Early morning basketball with co-workers... heck ya!
Pudding & icecream don't mix
Baseball AND Third Eye Blind. Good. deal.
u okay!
hey aj..thanks for the prayers! life is amazing, clean eater down 15 since march 3! <3 ill keep you posted! *ordering akea tomm
#i love haters because at least i know im being thought of <3
Nerdle's Mucho Bus Playlist in the earphones.
Aw bummer! It was a blast! We'll be holding you to that! ;)
Happy Labor Day! Put your feet up and enjoy the day!
Lmao RT : i remember i made bacon with no shirt on .. #NeverAgain .
Check out all the savings on BrewCityBties.com this week!
My favorite part of picking up a project I haven't touched in a while is seeing that I didn't leave any untracked changes in the repo
I just heard on the radio that the bucs were 10-12 on May 1 last year...same today..
Property insurance? We check dozens of top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
What's the names of Beyonce's other singles?.
same :) btw are you from Philly ?
let's do it dance while u wait for dessert hahaha home made granola bars! :)
Just endured the most horrendous display of incompetence I have ever seen. Where, you ask? Why, the Walmart check lane, of course. Idiots.
Thank you John! That is what we love to hear, tweet us if you need anything. RT : having a good time. Lovely hotel.
sorry, we don't buy/sell formal wear.
Premiers forrealizes has practice 3 nights a week
I have lost the patience. Not watching this anymore. Nadal Djokovic.
Bar trivia tonight. Let's do it.
Hey! Thanks for following us!
Well then, my first answer was correct and Michigan it is
Didn't have time to get a full workout in today, but like always says: do what you can! 💪😊
It should come on a cone cuz my ice is so cold! lol
Excited to see in Phoenix tonight! Their song "Esther" has been stuck in my head for weeks! Love it!
Working a double today, promo tomorrow....then CINCO DE DRINKO!
Congrats! See ya there!! Way to go
um...dont they think that will hurt bid for Manning?
To shave or not to shave?
haha! I know my walls shacked a little 😳
Inaugural Earth Day festival at the JCC in #Indy was great! Fun and educational. Now know about garlic mustard and other invasive plants.
Hey St. Luke's! Hope to see y'all soon! // RT: : Oh, hey Your tweeps at St. Luke's say hey!
I Believe I Can Fly....then I went faceplant.
my lil brother : dominique, teen wolf spelt backwards is neet flow me: qet out & close my door - wt a nerd lol
It was suggested they close by 4AM and used to be allowed open all night? Plastic or glass, I am ready for my trip to the UK!
Starting now we want everybody to start the countdown till the 1st Build Day everyday until September 18th!!
Tip the world over on it side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles. – Frank Lloyd Wright
College and group projects<<<<<<
Yard sale. Some nice small women's clothes, etc. 1331 S. Cloversale, LA
Now if I can just get to the middle and the end!
W H A T !? Lol I practically lived there last summer. SOO GOOD! There's one in Colerain (:
Make sure yall check out my lil homie new single 'Snapshot'. Def worth a listen. Plz retweet if u like it.
I apologize if you thought I was directing that @ you. I read your stuff all the time. Your 1 of the more level headed peeps here
why would you want to run barefoot?!
-A devout Catholic sues the post office after being fired for refusing to deliver mail to a man claiming to be Satan
I'm very good! how are you?
#Wisconsin #wiunion We are moving! The slide to leadership is confirmed. The #nation is also very supportive, and so are all democracies.
Much needed couch time 2nite after starting new exercise regimen, including weights. Oh, what I wouldn't give 4 a cheeseburger!
- ah, met him once when I played there a while back. Best private course in Boston. Ultra exclusive, big money.
i think i might go and eat me some Kibbles and drink some water. Be right back (:
"Taking a risk over something only means that you want it more than anything"
its not hacked if you come to my house while i'm sleeping go on my computer when my twitter is up and go on it -__-
Bruno Mars off the hook awesome.
its so good! The people are so nice :)
where were you at?
Weren't those kids too cute this a.m.! I believe there's an Oscar in Corey Ransom's future. Tomorrow we're off to
Definitely annoying. I could see it easily getting out of hand...
No one knows wat that's means.....Lmao....
like a lightning bolt struck the tip of your penis.
scariest part, for sure!!! Pictures??
#worsebands Ugly Kid Joe Cocker
we really do seem to be an uncanny fit... we're based in NY though; ur website says 'primarily NJ'. can i still apply?
T. O. Looking crazy on this show. I have no idea why he agreed to this. He's not doing himself any favors.
Did you follow me, what exactly are you confused about, is it because I want to follow you on that strange journey?
sland03 yo yo, should I be expecting something in the mail from you? Every time I check it I just find depressing bills and loser coupons.
"We built this city.... We built this city on rock and roll...." Things that go through my mind during commercial breaks.
It's not the speaker's voice or even message that speaks to peoples hearts but the Holy Spirit, who is outside of time/place.
WHY CAN'T EVER WIN A PRESIDENTS RACE YOU GUYS
hell yeah it will be
Come enjoy Sunday Funday with brunch on our beautiful patio!!!!! $2 taps of Miller Lite and XX Amber all day at the bar!!!
Another CDIA student loving her internship: MT Interning is awesome! I'm able to get a lot of inspiration...
unfortunately my mom and I do not share tastes in books... I like magic and vamps, she likes smutty quick reads.
O.O
Okay now you have to Tweet something witty, snarky, or brilliant.
Senate Majority Leader Dave Senjem says that he doesn't have enough information on alternate revenue streams to take an informed vote
can I get a follow back please? I'm a h u g e fan! <33
@ Mugsy's on Richmond.
Thanks for retweet. Halfway through Magpies. So far One Hippopotamus is my favorite, but a close second is Gossip and Toad
Back in LA. 73 and sunny. Ah.
Those were always my favorite, LOL! - “: Dear shoplifter, if you tell me that people follow you in every store you go in..."
What's the best street in Albuquerque to cruise in a Dodge Challenger?
Pondering how to commemorate the coincidence of my first audition of 2010 also being my 100th in the last decade. Hm... Party time?
#HackedByMamaMahone ! this is going to be funny(:
I love being a wrestling nerd, but I dislike others for some reason, they just lack the coolness I posses. #mean but #real, i am blunt.
Oh, good, they managed to throw in a "don't text and drive" message into this "don't text nude pics" message movie.
Happy Friday!!
cried watching breaking dawn. NOW WATCHING THE VOW! omg.... :(
it was the ocean water!
Like .. what possessed them to make it sound like "that" ? Smh
Twitter is so hard to read sometimes haha.
good run?
oh no! I'll research some tricks 4 acrylics. I just have regular ol' nails but I know many people w/ acrylics and #jamberry!
Took me 74 minutes to drive down here. Taking a Micky D's break and then heading back up. Probably gonna hit traffic along the way. Joy.
not deleted u can watch em on vevo just vevo.com
RT : at #smss12 - Practical. Measurable. Applicable. Actionable. Always great hearing from you. Thanks!
what up lil dude
I was just that girl cracking up in the card aisle
awh thank you do much! We haven't talked in forever holy shit.
funny, I was just thinking about you. I hope you and Mrs are doing ok. :)
Who do you think the Miami Dolphins need more...a Quarterback or a New Front Office?
My fingers are crossed for the little guy. Good luck.
Thank you!
like this site
Paper Airplanes, Model Trains and Tricycles
In school for teaching. Instructional planning test. I am getting close to being done. :0)
The #Hobbit trailer promises to be an epic film. #DwarfChoir was a nice touch.
Expect a lot of tweets then?
Enamored with media made illusions.
Water main break, more like... schools dumb. LMAO. Right guys?
Adding a marble floor to your dwelling is an investment that will pay you back with lasting beauty every day.
Just went to the 4 story Forever 21 and i didnt buy a thing.... i think im sick...
I'm so bored I'm sticking things in my belly button.
The #Vikings potential last home game at the Metrodome is 12/30 against the
It's the day before #Mother'sDay, give the special woman in your life the gift of beauty. Pamper her with a #facial!
congratulations! What did you sing?
Site should be online within the next week, trip is only 30 days away!
I wonder how Peyton Manning feels about indie films...
lol well then, how old are you?
Thanks! We're glad to have you!
I can't wait till this class is over so I can go put some shorts on!
Im in love with my crazy beautiful life
Oblique but: grandstanding on cutting waste but all meaningful savings come from cutting compensation. Not alone in that tho.
never taking a bad pic ;-) BTW Happy Mothers day,enjoy bc Lord knows you earned it
Yup but we also gotta realise that Britney is still getting Married and having a album out next year!
hey I'm on this one now
I meant game
” You can save as much as 90 cents if you buy a snack or breakfast with a drink that they choose to combine with it
looking forward to your book this summer!
HAHAHA. I THOUGHT YOU Resented Footballing. AND ZP Is definitely an IDIOT FOR BETTING
#India is killing these other countries in #Cricket...I need to put a team together
#ART facebook.com/YoungRembrandt…Follow on FB!
how #Nigerian are you?
May You Rest In Peace You will Be Missed!
lol. I bet pa
": I just got horny then I all of a sudden wanted a salad o__O" lol hell nwl
do you have brewery tours? In Chicago for work Mon-Thurs for the next 5 months, want to check it out if you are open.
#wegmans blueberry greek yogurt. yogurt is watery & bland; blueberry is both flavorless & has an odd chemical flavor.
yes! Both pleasee(:
So Sweet xo
Wow it takes much longer that I thought to go from Beta release to Final release of the product. Well, perfection takes time :).
omg I should
#Actors - When auditioning don't play the obvious choice. Make a choice that stands out. Even if its not what they want, they'll adjust you.
Not feeln school tomorrow
I was kidding ..... I was more imagining me going to a game and you staying home with both of them :)
:( you are almost there... I hope they get everything fixed and you get it back.
bomb sleep
I'm sorry for not being around my lately, Twitter. Google Plus keeps seducing me away.
Looking at end of August now. should have a date nailed down in the next week.
i got to vote for today! yay! :)
haha thanks (for link & congrats.) I was thinking more "co-working in the same place" but i'll keep the link for future reference
you are a sexy beast.
Wait, I personally usually do not enjoy pressuring but $$TLAN$$ can certainly become the great stock pick.
u right
Nice to see on #HRHappyHour tonight - it's been a while for me!
didnt u just c him yesterday
bring back Chacarron! You were always on fire when you used it as your walk-out!
Not feeling the love in Pittsburgh today..
We have a show at The Smiling Moose on the 25Th! Tickets are $8 so be sure to hit us up!
Taking book on Metro. Reading Beauty Queens. Cover is girl in bikini w/ bullet strap over shoulder. Should illicit some strange looks.
how is ur night going? Twugs n early humps to u
Had a blast spinning tonight!
SNOW TOMORROW... SPRING AND SNOW?? I LOVE THE NORTHEAST
Oh no.....migraine coming on and I forgot my meds at home! No Es bueno
This nigga don't know who meek mill is O_o
Joe, AVMP optioned by Rocking Stone Media, imagine these characters on the big screen!
- wow, PB2 is AWESOME!
Birthday weekend...feeling great...#Geminisarethebest!!! Luv everyone who celebrated w/me this weekend..had a blast!!!
happy mothers day everyone!!!...(im surprised thats not trending)
Can we blame them?! #Cheers!
More pride in our than ever. Not only were we classy in defeat, they are now paying respect to the Mavs.
lucky....i get out may 23rd...so not that long
Only thing bigger then my ego is my mirror
i didnt fail but my grade didnt go up. lmfao.
plus it makes you more aware of what you're doing throughout the day
"185 Grizzlies just grin and bear it."
Thank you for sharing it! This was my favorite post to write.
That last wicket to fall could be the last wicket to fall
Consuming information only allows slow trails to being educated. The real work is in creation.
One year ago today I started my 2nd tour of duty at #fox7. Time passes so quickly now days.
Sr. Elizabeth Linehan challenged me 1st semester undergrad & positively shaped my academic career
Reason 5: You already know how to use MS Word.
This game is bananas. B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
true true maybe we can just knock off a bank in Florida next week and head straight to the islands.
oh okayy I got you (;
Cardinals made that huge comeback.. Now they're being sloppy as fuck.
Nothing beats the excitment of my kids seeing me when I get home
i enjoy wild turkey american honey. with coke, thats all.
Please don't make me uninstall and reinstall your software after I purchase it.
Exactly. Boring is the word I come up with
Walmart has way too many Handicap parking spots. There is no such thing as convenient parking there
I don't give a fuck about anything that your telling me ..... Hahhahhhahahaha
There's a new #Capuchino Family member! Welcome Charlotte :] its been 15 years for a baby capuchino! Last one being haha
I love hopping on the radio, switching stations and getting song after song
Get to start driving in 5 days.
SWATCHES ARE NECESSARY IN KNITTING
Next weekend? Awesome. bout #2 of the season on Saturday followed by an awesome afterparty at Turner...
You're pretty to me that all that matters.
Days and hours are all running together now. Be ready for that
Sunday always happens to be a recovery day for me.
We search "hardcore" on twitter to find new people to follow and 90% of the latest tweets are porn-related. #KeepItClassy Twitter....
Thanks, likewise Chris. A whole lot of the wrong message getting out there. Good to see some of the right message too!
- Thanks for the RT and mention!
I'm on my way to the North real quick
Are any movies by emir kusturica on dvd?
Watched the 1991 NBA dunk contest on NBA TV last night. Good memories. Dee Brown wins with the no look dunk.
lol neither of us talks to each other.
I hate people that are full of themselves
New found respect for short film awards after being in them : )
Boring day
Tea and Persian class pt of life is good, taking poor Junior Cat to vet part, not so much.
#FF who will be less shitty in the #NFL? It doesn't really matter they'll both be calling me for #Swag lessons
Bummer to hear CincyPunkFest 2012 has been canceled!
Watson: We have to finish the job. We're close. We're succeeding. I'm confident ... we will reach the success.
my bag is that you that is beautiful
"the quarter-deck" in moby-dick is a perfect chapter in american literature
Perfect is the enemy of the good and leads to the deliberate manufacture of misery.
It's been a while since we've been on here. We've been MIA for a bit. Hahaha.
I am not sure that giving up Martin and Scola is worth it for Gasul.
ill follow em (:
I'm still trying to figure out whatever happened to Ray the Flying Squirrel and Mighty the Armadillo.
New shirt design is in the works today. Let's see if the idea in my head can get become reality. It takes a few weeks from idea to apparel.
When they play Justin Timberlake on the radio 
Chelsea Grin's new song was alright until Alex started singing. Can they just get a new vocalist already? He's fucking garbage.
My word is key to me, i stand by it 💯 RT : A gentleman keeps his promise... A lady honors her word
So it all ends Saturday huh? Any last words?
Good news we are out of debt. Bad news I owe Boehner 4.5 trillion. How he gave that speech without crying I'll never know.
Absolutely loved coming home to talk to Shawn after a great day now bed and don't have to be up early
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate shiten in public places...
Who went to #ACLFestival? Did you have a blast, or what? The weather was awesome and the music was a-mazing! Who did you see?
Keep the RT's coming!! Santa Sack contest ends 7pm PT Sunday when we'll tell you about the next step. Over $500 in cash/prizes at stake!!
just upgraded to latest Tweetdeck (thx, ). Things I hate: 1. input box covers my stream & is not movable; 2. scrollbar is too narrow
Where is there snow?
I need to speak with someone from your company. What number can I reach customer service?
Jimmy is on LIVE with on at 11:30! Tune in to hear his thoughts on Saturday's upcoming match against Raul Munoz!
Met a really cool guy that listens to the same exact music and everything! :D
hahha every season
The rating for this year's #Raw go-home show for 'Mania was the lowest since 1997. Doesn't mean WM will not sell, but wow
Reading tonight of "The Pump" w/ Barefoot Theatre Company. I played Monique, a trophy wife w/ more punch than anyone expects. Watch out.
Missed you today! And you missed my delicious, buttery scones. Hope you are off the couch soon!
there's girlfriend by avril lavigne, but i don't think that's the kinda of song you're looking for LOL
I saw Brick Pollitt drinking a double bourbon at Big Daddy's. And his hair was perfect.
it was a shit show to bad u couldn't stay around longer. My bad i didnt say bye btw, I didn't even know u were leaving
and french
Everybody get up it's time to slam now!
Please God be with all of us this SOL week. It is MUCH needed.
Adrian Peterson is a beast
Sorting through a ton of photos from an amazing show last Friday. The pics look great!
thanks for helping wrangle content all those three years ago
Track meet today!
is so pretty :)
lol im not old lil girl
Sleepless in Smilwaukee.
What has happened to the #Republican Party in the last decade?
If you leave without a reason, plz don't come back with an excuse.
Hello to all of our new followers, and a Happy Monday to all! Santa Monica Classic is coming up this Sunday. Sample & purchase at our booth!
Credit comes from the Latin word trust..
Be glad that you guys are meeting the boyz this week when others cant meet them at all!
& i know he's smiling, saying 'don't worry about me'
Claps of thunder and rain dancing on the roof...Z
Oh yea, at the West Seattle Farmers Market Today!
I just want to cuddle!!!
I've really enjoyed the podcast - thx for sharing your time & content! Best wishes in your next adventures.
yea really. but reselling them would be a pain
Agreed. In Maryland, the girls have the shot clock so equip is there and the boys still won't adopt it.
It's a textbook ad hominem argumentative fallacy which stems from their core conviction that women aren't worth the effort of using logic.
Between this and NCAA/BCS corruption, I am officially DONE with big time college sports.
On the iPad right now: #Let'sDance by
yea kinda I never do it and shuffling fucked it all up lol
My daddy sold my gun -_-
So nice to meet you..
yes. well worth it
Just finished my LAST speech of pub comm!!!
How long before facebook owns twitter.
Good morning & happy Saturday everyone!
It doesn't matter how old or how gangster you are, if a toddler hands you a toy phone, you answer that shit.
wish I was out. I would not behave
“: #godfree”doubt it will trend bro
all bc of me lol
: checking flights first I am panhandling for the $ :'(
Steeler Pride today! Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper. Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
Working and eating out after hours when I realize the site has "Lynchings in Georgia" sprawled across the screen... awkward.
"the chicken I ate tonight was some sexy chicken" I miss British!
Happy Hour is only 2 hours away...
Bonfire at Elijah's= good time :)
The phrase "prior restraint" comes to mind. RT Judge asked us to please not approach jury- publish names, show faces, etc.
Don't ever say YOLO again.. You just embarrassed yourself
Nervous about the boot camp workout today. Was told we would be "lifting things." Things!? My first thought was chairs...
wack as rapper
Deal! RT : Ill post a chat recap/transcript soon, but do save the date for the next chat: 5/15, 12-1 pm ET.
feel better dood..gonna miss ya in
Does the officiating look like a huge joke at courtside? Because it sure looks that way on CBS.
Who wants to shfacetime?
What just happened today? The NFL just rocked the sports world.
Survey time - What do you hope to learn when you visit CANDLES? What would you like to see here?
It's time to get ready bang bang
It is 80s music hour in the room next to me...every damn day...
Unknown number that just texted me saying "Happy Mothers Day! "... Thanks! Sorry I don't know who you are. Not sorry that I'm not a mother.
Win the streak that starts in 15 minutes and win 4 cmt award show tix. Sign up at www.citystreak.com
I was wasted, so I was probably talking to myself and thought I was talking to you lol
10 years after the Mayflower is still pretty early though. Only thing they missed was the first Thanksgiving.
Met Katie Couric. Shes mean as hell. So is Al Roker.
PRT : Talk turns 2 mentorship, Wells: all her mentors have been men -: dont focus on gender #sxsw #lunatechs /
RT Wearing sunglasses inside is a great way to let people know that you should be hated unconditionally.
Shout out to she still continues to grind no matter what happens! She is totally awesome : )
Lunch break at Potbelly.
What's the basic framework for such an event?
Wishing I could find a nice man who loves going on cruises....:-)
Probably. How are you using those skills now in your career?
Going to FLA Annual next week! Who else is going?
Waterfront tasting at BIN to include their binPressed Pork. Lunch menu to die for. Apply to taste on Thursday www.TasteTweet.com
And i just wish the sk8 park in tallahassee have a stair set so i can ollie it and do a kickflip :|
Becareful or the movie will be u in jail! RT : Yeah. I am about to get kicked off this flight...
Best statement from "has anyone told Xavier that the game has started?"
I just started Grave Peril: Book three of The Dresden Files.
"It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop."
I'm at jury duty. I am the most wild eyed here. Hope there is no quota for wild eyes.
YES! I have more followers than following!
Right back at ya Gary!
Thanks For The Listen Fam,,Follow Back Dm & Let's Talk
Your love for one another will prove to the world that you are my disciples. John 13:35
is still giving away iPads. I just entered to Winners announced weeknights Click here:://ulink.tv/79-4p84q
Hey Guys! Rat and Puff are on next with tickets to Big Time Rush later on and we want you to meet Scotty Davis' dogs! Check out His blog!
but you know I love you, and I knoe I make your world go round <3
NP: Pinky Piglets (Toquiwa) - Tokyo Merry-Go-Round
Parents and alumni of , do you have any words of encouragement for our men during finals week? Reply so they can see them!
HUGE play by #Palmer on that 3rd Down, showing flashes of some of his throws in 2009
I'm serious I'm just to lazy to go anywhere right now.... Aw you suck -__- lol
miss you too, beautiful :)
Maybe one day ... Probably not :/
in case you missed it Pappas tentatively scheduled for tomorrow now. Not sure of time, guessing will update us.
Mann I need new followers sap
Hello! :) *waves back* Hope your doing ok.
isn't twitter fun??
ha! Love this. Hope u r doing great!
I luuuuv the poem...very subliminal....it can b interpreted many ways
Good moms let you lick the beaters... Great moms turn them off first. ;)
I don't even know what that means....hope its a good show
im at work . getting ready for a 90 to 95 hour week. m... i guess the pay is gonna be sweet . :)
: ": San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music #WeInDatThang"
Everyone go follow my personal <3 I #followback .
even though we're all grown, we still sit at the "kid's" table - and it's still rowdy.
If you tickle me, I'm not responsible if you get hurt.
Hi everybody it's me Mason . Guest tweeting for any plans for April 14th yet? Why not come to the ?
"Literary culture replaces bad questions like "What is Being?", "What is really real?" with the sensible question (1/2)...
Joe Francis is is giving a great preso on brain-computer interfaces at #hcfla. He's conjuring up the Matrix and every heady scifi flick.
Dole: Newt would show up at campaign HQ with an empty bucket in his hand-that was a symbol of some sort for him-& I never did know why.
Myy bro wearINg uniform pants for regular Klothes.!! Lmao
Thanks!! I had the time of my life at B96!
well, I left and still made 's list ;-)
Welcome to WI.": Is not a radio host saying of a sitting female Lt. Gov: "she performed fellatio, pulled a train" worse than "slut?"
id literally melt if I won those m&g passes
irv comin from a bulls fan who is already fishing, imma be real, you guys are going fishing real soon
Been reading biz opinions & comparisons today. You use Instagram, so it is well worth 1 billion or even more. Case closed.
Possibly going back to tally earlier than expected !!!!
Awesome artist, excellent music -please follow him
So So Def shirts are for sale now on Ebay , visit www.eBay.com to order yours now . $15.99 each , Enjoy!
love the blog, especially the wedding post! Good stuff!
Back up north back to work next week!
i just checked y'all out and lemme say this.... A-M-A-ZING!!!
Lets go
Thanks, Lorie! Sorry we didn't have a chance to talk. It was nice to see you in the audience at the #usf symposium.
Its official we got 2 kegs tonight 15 bottles shits going down forsure txt me 2107928780
Cathryn, I've a not a billion dollar but truly a 1000 billion dollar idea. Its a requirement of every individual on earth.
Irvine Spectrum today hopefully ♥
would say tinychat but you said can't :'( sad face
“All Disease Begins in the Gut.” ~ Hippocrates
fixing people's websites, man so many people do it wrong...
I luv u Google!...I never really liked YouTube, Twitter, Blogger, Rss feeds until I could access everything in all one place. Awesomeness.
Well, at least the name of the brand is truth in advertising. Uggh is right.
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100.00. Call (323) to place your orders and use the promo code 0901
I wonder how many people had Derek Jeter picked tonight on #YESBeatTheStreak. I did :-(
Hope you choose the good ones! Who's gonna be your favorite pick?
Well you said "Ehh" which in Canadian terms it means.....well i don't know what it means
<-----One of God's greatest creations!
yea it should last the rest of the night till i find someone to text tonight and its die all over again
yeh i know but if you need help AGAIN im here like i was before things changed :)
Signed up for four classes, will decide which to drop in fall.
I would like to give a shoutout to my new customer Francesca and Dominic! I appreciate you!
I can't wait till tyler starts trying to play games.
Just made a tanning .
Best wishes to Asa & Ben! RT Picking a print, viewing the tapestry, then Asa & Ben's rehearsal (@ Memorial Art Gallery)
That moment when you get a suggestion to follow a celebrity you thought was dead.
I have a skin condition that causes me to burn easily. I believe the technical term is "being white".
I was trying to get a reservation for Friday around 8pm.. nothing on open table... anything you can do? i was dying to go!!!
Good Lucks in yur competition :D
Not a blogger, entrepreneur. About to launch a new venture!
Johnson and Reynolds are useless. I love Nolan.
Great All Star Game!
you lucky duck!!!!!!
Isn't nothing better than being with you <3 (:
Did you remember to vote today? Can't start to change the world unless you go to the voting booth and express your opinion!
Decaffeinated coffee is kind of like kissing your sister. - Bob Irwin #justdrinkthedamn coffee
Ok. Someone at the NCAA or CBS should lose their job over booking the Fray.
how long for?
thanx!!!! U going?
Casey J. is our Foursquare Mayor! And thus, the recipient of the 1GB flash drive. Casey, come claim your prize before 1/9/12, 8PM. Congrats!
do u have any jackets that match a black shirt.
thanks for the follow! I just checked out your site. What a great story! You da man!
U guys are fools y u order with her if u know she aint got the money for it when you place the order
Life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head
the waiting room...
Worst movie ever don't go see #TheRumdDiary no plot. I could have wrote a better script -_-
noisy noisy wind.
why can't I just have an excuse to talk to u?..
whenever u go into that store think of me
It was really nice meeting you last night at the show ... txt me where is can send some of my work and we can talk more! :)
80 Degrees where?
Seeing someone with an Austin Mahone shirt on and automatically thinking "I love him more."
I got a baby Kitty too :)
I notice my productivity goes down when I'm cold. Maybe I'm a snake? This does explain the parseltongue.
Illegitimi non carborundum! This is a good post.
Ya know, Forrest Gump could have gotten a lot more pussy if he would have applied himself.
We liked it!
Jaleel White takes his final bow on &quot;Dancing&quot;
lol yeah it was a pretty funny series of text messages.
But yes, you can tweet them all to me
shut it
RT : Why vote today? Because it matters. And, if you don't vote, you don't get to complain about the results.
Praying for a full stay of execution
How the F is it possible to lose a remote control for the tv in a or bedroom house
nice one about Flickr/Pinterest today. Where do you get your confidence?
#20ThingsAboutMe im a private person
It was.
What do you call those called Primary Debates :)
SPECIAL CONGRATS to our #GoodGuy & #Inspiration \e. Hurt hand and all.. you ROCK!!!
Don't miss out on these LOW Rates!
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English: We speak it. History: They`re dead get over it, Math: 1+1=2..Beyonce taught us that. Spanish: We have Dora.
you can have mine :) I'll buy!
Maxi or mini? Mini, of course, for terrence blanchard at blues alley tonight!
I want a dang shamrock shake!
Thank you for your support, if ever you are interested in a painting let me know, I give a nice disc to twitters
do you have a Facebook page?
82's shot-on-video slasher BOARDINGHOUSE is screening in 35mm tonight at ! I'm absolutely going if anyone wants to join! 9:30!
follow me please!?
Oh the gun shots......and in a minute I will be hearing APD
if you and caitlinn leave my house wih saying bye one more time ill kill y'all. :)
I texted the codeword for Cody Simpson meet and greet, but my message back doesn't say I am entered? It usually does?
Arent we 4-1 vs u all last 5 yrs? “: y'all sell football t-shirts 2?! bet everybody is lining up to get one lmao.”
SUPER BOWL MVP ELI MANNING!
Hell ya son you know! #AllSummerLong baby!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs I wanna see what Tebow will do to capitalize on the advantage Denver now has
Nice! You've got this!
dm me the info. please!
Hello GPH All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Eating chips with a fork.... not working out so well.
Just in from Ukraine, jetlagged & bedraggled, but all the better for it. Friends, family, большой!!!
btw that and Allan soiled pants!
Let us know when u find out! RT Who should we call to get a refund for that hour we lost over the weekend?
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Also I didn't know that Zosia Mamet played Peggy's cool lesbian friend on Mad Men. This has been the Zosia Mamet Newshour with Jim Lair-ah
not impressed
it's better than Gary.
makes the game almost worth it, right? Almost.
It has been an honor and a pleasure to be part of your #TempleU experience. Best of luck to all graduating
Wow peoples attitudes..
OUCH dat hurt my feelings:-(
prob need a big festival gig or school gig to help "pay the bills" and the a couple of club gigs...we'd love to come out there
freestyling -- Fly Yung Dre () im bout to send u some beats bra.
and finally remember Sarah Palin had her first son 7 mo after marriage, and her mother had a kid six mo after marriage
come at six Bring two liter/food
#Blazers down 25 in the 4th to the Bucks. If you're a fan, have you lost hope for this season?
Can't wait until next weekend. All of my loves we will be in town and we are ALL gonna be 21!!
Hey moms, is it true that an unusually fussy baby can mean a milestone on the way? Or old wives tale?
I love sorry!!! I win at that game.
Bout to go see what the runs is like over on 12th... Who hoopin????
massaging someone special to me
Aw Yeahh Niggs It's Love && Basketball !
I love the beach!! :) *giggles*
oh. okay.
HAPPY 2 YEAR TWITTERVARSY!!!!☺😘❤ Mines in June sometime...
Looks very nice but chilly right now
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe gossip spreads quickly in high school.
Who catches a ball and doesn't give it to a kid? Again, I hate Saturday crowds.
In honor of Earth Day, I held in my farts all day. You're welcome ozone.
When our son was little we went to a place like this near Broad Ripple called the Tin Star, though he called it Jailbirds.
FLYING ALL AROUND THE WORLD CAUSE YOLO
Gas at 80 a barrel? If I remember correctly the last time gas was $80 a barrel it was also under $3 a gallon.
Big girls don't cry, they get even
Nice! But I would take that thing down w/a pint of syrup!
Gerald W. Grummet~ While intelligent people can often simplify the complex a fool is more likely to complicate the simple.
To watch this season of the #bachelorette or not... Can I really put myself through another season of this??
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
Goin nowhere fast we've reached the climax..
you're welcome! we'll put your prize in the mail this week.
I keep forgetting I have a Twitter lol.
as soon as i get my new phone i will
haha wouldn't have it any other way
My love for the never ceases! Using their Project Outline template for our Learning Lab program. Loving It!
we need to grab a drink sometime and catch up!!
I think I am being led astray from my #twittergirlfriend by ... have a weakness 4 how southern girls say "darling"
Maya Angelou Mohandas Gandhi Mother Teresa Muhammad Ali Ronald Reagan Thomas Jefferson William Shakespeare Winston Churchill
name of speech to text technology? Tx!
Sittn here workin on Peter Phountaine's new video "Az We Blaze"...this will be one for the lovers of.......smoke lol
Don't fret. You make up for it in person.
Hey there ya'll my names Jerry, Jerry the snake. I didn't knwow if yall know this but I sure do like to slither. xD
The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency; the second is war. - Hemingway
Nicki Minaj prolly smells like a Barbie with all that plastic surgery .
Gop candidates wanna "defer" to the military. What if JFK had deferred to the military during the Cuban Missile Crisis???
Happy Easter and Passover to everyone from Alfa Flowers!
Woke up remembering bits of my past. Ew. My life sucked, but its up to me to make my future rock!
#dhtrial people waiting... reduced to commenting on the defense lawyers socks. JPL trial down the hall. God vs cassini mission apparently.
Twitter is telling me to follow Snooki. Do people actually do that?
I just want to get money and stay true to my peoples....
yes I will dm me your number
Literally TONS of people came out to celebrate the opening of 's 'Harlem, USA' at the Art Institute of Chicago.
The more I get to see, hear and be around an amazingly attractive woman, the less appealing she typically becomes.
Party bus outside the tri-delta house.
Festival was awesome. We're building a Houston version now - to happen in 6 weeks! Tks for checking in. How's book doing?
my PT commented that my calf muscles were some of the biggest she's seen. I'm not really sure that's a good thing.
Episode 26 :: - The Common Good Podcast - Jubilee Economics ...
Well that's you every day :)
You think the Cavs can get the #8 seed?
Its Good Friday; go to church.
would be great to see you for longer than a brief sidewalk walk-by! How about Mon or Tues? I'm out of town Wed-Fri. Downtown?
I tried I did all I can do to solve the puzzle that is you and I couldn't find it
YOUR KEEKS ARE MAKING ME LAUGH SOO HARD <3
justin...please follow me
It's actually just sad to see Ali now. He was once such an electric performer and athlete...now has awful effects of Parkinson's.
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS AROUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Should probably start looking for a summer job...
get in meh pants
Go to System Preferences, General pane, and uncheck "Restore windows when quitting and re-opening apps".
Smashed up my sanity
So happy for you the book looks wonderful!
Got mine yesterday - kids have already watched movie 3x including max movie mode, Interview w/Rowling, & All deleted scenes!
No smack juice
We are looking forward to hearing from you! :)
Were Hosting the BIGGEST Halloween Party tomorrow in Miami #SKREAM!
Your a dweeb ;)
RT : Please follow that's my brand in development, I could use a lot of support!
I recently realized how so very cool it is that FTW is backwards of WTF
aww. Thank you Rhi. You are one of my favorite people, I am proud to know you!
She claims she was trying to fix it by jamming a fucking screw driver into it until it was demolished
It's going to be a good one! She's reading with another great author, Diana Abu-Jaber.
Also shoutout to my lil cousin who's going to prom tonight, have fun and be safe! :)
Q: what species is your personal assistant? A: my assistant is a sycod-phant. Also good: cor[r]al. Avoid sponges.
Come to the dj booth and request another song.... Get
just passed all through downtown
You don't know me, but go baby.
To ∞ And Beyond. <3
I mean eating
is back! This time in the D at on Saturday night.
"You just made all white women look bad."
My mom actually crochets blankets & donates to preemie unit at local hospital. (She's in Delaware, but same idea.)
Good Morning
presenting today at 10am Room W206A playful literacy activities. Come for a DVD-Data full of ideas, video and more!
I'm liking these results I'm seeing #iWorkout!!
Excitement is contagious! Catch it and see how you feel.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
Yes! Finally got my copy of Laurence Leamer's THE PAPER REVOLUTIONARIES: THE RISE OF THE UNDERGROUND PRESS #totalassaultontheculture!
"what happens to you doesn't have to be who you are," Bertice Berry.
I just set mine up as well!
Love spending time with my family (:
my shoulder fucked from boxing practice -__-
AIR A Sponsor of Oregon’s 2012 “Celebrating Student Success” Awards Honoring Schools Using Data to Help Close Achievement Gaps...
I only go to rallies that have free food haha
I ordered sushi delivery...its def one of those days!
I'm a fat lazy slob!
The fabulous Ms. Carrie Bradshaw, of course!
we r always falling apart....neither one of us has a boring life with what were going thru...my FG wings aren't working so well
INDIE FILM TITLED -"GET YA ACT TOGETHER." coming soon. based on real facts of real life!
What is the point of twitter if I can search for all the people who I know on here? Seems pointless. :-/
Damn trains in Waukesha!!
Off to Croatia and Greece. And as it turns out, Paris as well. Thanks for the unexpected 12 hour layover, Air France!
yes I do...what field or is it easy to find you
I herd about watching your video Congradulations (; Mahomies4Life (;
Then we are now, and always have been, in agreement! Huzzah.
House hunting is like an emotional roller coaster... Occupy Lubbock here we come!
Bought the cat a birdie toy that squeaks, to satiate her inner huntress ... she's afraid of it.
Resistance is futile. RT : I've tried to resist, but a galaxy far, far away has taken control of this tweet: "May the 4th be with
even better!
thank ya kindly girlie!!! I am super excited!!!!! :D *grins from ear to ear*
Good Morning all.
It's 4 fucking a'clock and I already got the post limit on tumblr. I have seven hours to find something else to do.
Love it! RT : thank you! I am having a BLAST and just putting that energy into the blog...
thanks man! i actually just moved up here. im enjoying it thoroughly. : )
careful it might be a disguised fan
2 more days andwill be in Vegas for the AVN!!!!
I switched to 9 after seeing that. Jokes bet. Kathy Sabine and Drew Soicher are better than seeing that b-ball fan dying for the 100th time
I was going to tweet, but I have nothing to tweet about.
I'm so reading Harry Potter and I'm so loving it. This Kona coffee and Anna's ginger cookies make it even better!
Tomorrow's the District Three Redistricting Hearing. Join us Monday, 6PM at 4001 El Cajon Blvd., 92105!
I think he needs to Gtl it a little more. Focusing more on the G
RT : Today is the tomorrow you were worried about yesterday
Got my belly button pierced!ah
I look forward to being friends and talking. Would you like my e-mail address
I love tie dying and all but when it stains ur hands and other areas for multiple days....not cool. -_-
A"minor" thing a bump in the road. Denver is good as done!
especially when they bounce the basketball off the baby's head. That always gets me.
Funny! RT : "What i do here is a whole lot less adventurous than what you get in a hot dog." -- chef lacivita
I cut sugars and carbs first, and now that I'm used to that, I need to step it up.
WWF is working now! =]
What if raised its (low) indirect rate for fed grants & created a research incentive fund 4 faculty?
question, I currently have 2 gig and if I wanted to get 4 gig, can I get 4 gig for $30?
Its really scary to think this time next year I will be starting the rest of my life! eek!
I frequently make the mistake of Target'ing after happy hour. Whoops.
2 Italian country singers and a Texas troubadour walk into an Irish bar. Forgot the punchline because everybody got drunk and raised hell.
New tagged photos on the New Bridges Ballet Facebook page. Check em out and press 'like'!
RT : Vote count for general strike proposal: 1484 ayes, 76 abstentions and 46 nays! GENERAL STRIKE APPROVED!
wat ya on for the night
Can't wait to watch #FrozenPlanet tonight,along with new season of
the editorial page is back in reactionary hands, as proven by the divisive anti-union language in their endorsement
There is a fine line between wrong and visionary. Unfortunately you have to be a visionary to see it
Thanks for tweeting our article about u guys, we really appreciate the love
This love is a sure thang.
best cure for writer's block = surprising me w/ a delicious hazelnut latte from !
Thanks for following. Following back.
Headed home for the weekend
John Bradford~ There but for the grace of God go I.
i work you out so good you be calling me Black Thunder!!
bby you kno how I do (;
Thank you to and for being two of the best role models and friends I could ever ask for. I love you.
Ask them what's wrong so you can learn to help the next person and so on!
Western kentucky scored more points against lsu in the 1q than bama scored in the whole game.
Two strikes away from winning the world series. Go rangers!
thanks for the follow. Glad to see you here!
one love <3
A York peppermint patty would be lovely right now. But then I think of summer days in a bikini and... I'll hold the craving
"The best part of life is when your family become your friends and your friends become your family." - Robin Roberts
have fun
jill_hw: Time for a 2nd cup of coffee. Busy day, since I just got home last night from #sla2010 & I leave tomorrow for
say in isn't so!!! i will miss all the guys of Entoutage !
Memphis my bad its 7am and I am on a bus
Remember those crazy trumpets from the world cup? The Vuvuzelas? Wouldn't it be cool if they allowed them at debates???
I'm Dancin tonight.... Playlist the way u move by Ne-yo..... And Ambition by Wale.....
Sad to see a true music legend go with so much left to offer. RIP MCA.
Waiting in a huge line at the City of Boston Urban Agriculture launch.
What's the consensus? Perfect or horrible? ;)
You're right, I shouldn't be so greedy.
am wrong that dude is voicing alfred no casting of bat yet but alfred has a gun dude not good
When people look at me they think i'll be stuck-up or mean but in reality im down to earth & has a great heart :)
": When you and your friend have nicknames for other people. #Insider #BF4LP" kitty!! & horse ! Haha
Quit assuming shit about me, world. You don't know ME!! (Emo day!)
don't hurt me. again. please.
HOUSTON RECRUITERS - BOT has a current opening! 5+ yrs agency exp preferred, financial industry or banking +++. Team player, drive for resu…
i will be 47 this year.
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info. Prices starting at $5
thank you (: your the best!
I wish I wrote that wonderful cellphone use paper, but I can't take the credit of and Jeff Boase
Mass Poetry Festival starts tomorrow in Salem. Can't wait to check it out!
Why am I drinking fleishmans?
you have a date in mind?
Are these refs serious?!?!?
I wish will come to Rockdale Tx. it's only 3hours from san antonio
i feel you thats why you have to keep it cut!
I've a feeling you're not in Kansas anymore. <love>
do you have to ask?
:What do you want me to send you?
Aww thanks! My stomach does not feel like a rockstar though.... I blame the cherry bombs
I haven't seen him since 1992, I think.
him & these lyrics lol he over there groovin !
Follow & RT this for your chance to win 2 tix to our #SmokinNYE celebration at the hottest new spot
just woke up to another gloomy day. yay.
A Noble Betrayal - Scientific American (blog)
What good is knowledge if not used - Many companies stay stagnant because they don't know the potencial of a healty Social Media Strategy.
GIRL CAN I WEAR YOUR BOW SANDALS TONIGHT PLZ? (:
Today InTrade has Obama's chances to be reelected at 59.6% and the chances of the Individual Mandate being ruled unconstitutional at 57.8%
Just finished presentation w/ #WASHRM chapter - cngrts on their 25 yr anniv. vid of the HC v HR: who's in the c-suite presntn coming soon!
any way to watch the match?
you ok?
#salute !! Combo esta todo? All good?
Haha, as you should. Ozzie cracks me up. RT next time I mess up I'm going to use that line
Spartans with 25 points in 27 minutes of action
I am retyping my next Poetry Novel today. The Nme of it is "For the Story I for Told" I have about 20 to 30 pages to retype. Though my First
Dangerous driving with this rain! Be careful!
I always thought of Dante's Inferno as fanfic, too. Nothing but second hand plots and characters in that one.
Just drove dads truck (: loved it!!
"I just saw THE HUNGER GAMES. Were I picked to compete, my skill would be "BLADE RUNNER trivia." #firstkilled" from
All this google drive talk! I would have thought they would have reserved that name for their self driving cars.
and have a show inside u tomorrow night 10pm after opening night. Bring a date story to tell!!
Trust God and ask his help, He will change the situation and make everything good :)
Yes, I will be there!
good morning!!!!!! Wyd
Honestly, if Sea Bass was at SS tonight, my guess is Wolf allows 2-4 runs instead of the 7.
lmao I'll tell you Monday
Final countdown has begun with 100 days to go until # London2012.
I don't wanna get outta bed...im so comfy.
Follow Me And I Will Follow You
Gah! I'm walking to my first period class. :P
Cinco de Mayo Eve. Ahh I can't wait to spend tomorrow with my bitties. And by bitties, I mean vodka and tequila.
my FAVORITE. (:
Thank you!! Stop by today for Meat Lover's Wednesday and get 1lb of BBQ for $9.99! Have fun at Stagecoach!
Tweet me. Its dead! :)
this bollywood scene is killing me. please stop. please
Never tempt the eye of a thief, for if you do, you stand to lose more than sight.
Sandals with socks, shorts and a razor. You are fired from campus.
RSVP: Metamorphic Films
Why I'll never have my own agency. {RT legality issues scare the shit out of me. I'm terrified to start a business
Eagle is Golf and Airport Transfer, Birdie is Golf, Standard is Hotel | Email us your requirements at
I am instituting a 0% tolerance policy on bullshit.
Ray of Duncanville: Acct system has become something it never intended to be. Used by Realtors. Used by chambers. Not diagnostic.
I can't wait to go to the #BSPI conference in Scottsdale, Arizona and introduce myself to everyone. :)
Have you been to the Frick (my fave) yet? They have 3 Vermeers. And you can get so close that your nose almost touches.
The theme of the birthday party abruptly switches from Percy Jackson to The Sopranos.
Daymn bexar county has been busy all day with fights...hopefully things will calm down soon...
sadly won't be playing East End Fest thanks to one idiot bar owner in particular.
School orientation is in a week. Where did summer go?? :/
Reading entries for a journo contest. It's 50% drudgery, 25% not bad, 20% nice and 5% OMG, who is this writer, what else has (s)he written?
Omg! #ihateitwhen patients don't fucking pay .. If can't afford it .. Don't get it ..
So I apparently did some drum tracking and demos for Widespread Panic / JoJo this morning. That was a random thing to do in Nashville.
have a great time mate! I'm off work unfortunately(err fortunately depending on how you look at it) but they know you are coming!
About to go on soarin over california... From what I remember, this is the best ride.
American Eagle Outfitters Chooses Arnold Worldwide as Global Advertising ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Congratulations to the winner of our Facebook contest, Joanie Mary Pope. She won a KoreFit! "Like" our page to enter the next one!
I don't even care about the deans list anymore. I just need a C in math.
Preparing presentation for National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys Annual Convention - San Francisco, CA May 1
You smell like beer. Well yea officer I spilled some on my while driving..
Poster session poster done! Spicing it up with some Pictures of the Day!
no problem(:
when one of your so called friends do the fakest shit to you. <<<
Woke up with 2 pretty awesome messages in my inbox. You guys keep my spirits up and keep me motivated to create. Thank you!
lol shut up and I did
thank u !
people who come to a complete stop on Yellow ...That bitch is not red
Only downside of living on the West Coast, can't wait!
What do sea monsters have for dinner?Fish and ships.
Bouta slide through the next half of this shift. I should just drive to the crib and take a permanent break.
Is there a site that collects bad karaoke videos? If not, we're starting one. Got a couple winners to get things started
“: If you appreciate her, love her, and respect her, I can almost guarantee that you wont lose her. #GirlFacts”
Stay tuned for a great FREE music download from us to you tomorrow! Here's a hint: they build both monuments AND melodies! :)
Revis island baby
I think I've become an alcoholic over the past month.
Just felt the need to stop and kick my sister's car before leaving Grandma's house.
:) RT : Listening to the Still Strong EP. Missing all of the IA62 ad BTF hang outs an tours. Love you guys!
Wanted to let you know 2012 permit is moving forward. Future years will have to be taken one at a time.
#AtYourServiceConcierge is a completely FREE service! We check pricing on a multitude of platforms, & present you w/ the best options.
thanks for the favorite, hope you enjoy them.
I cried when the dogs died in eight below
I dont know if this is just me but I seriously hate that some fans meet & get RT'd by Justin so many times & Im just sitting here unnoticed.
Ask to sing Rainbow Connection for you - it's one of his karaoke standards :)
There's a cruel show on MTV:friendzone-where ppl profess their love to their besties. No! Bottle up those feelings and stop watching RomComs
MT Was listening to MJ's Dangerous album this morning while thinking bout Whitney Houston and 's commentary
Following, just saw some videos on her YT, great voice keep it up!!
I don't really know her per say, but my kids go to Highland and my oldest, Drew, is a 2011 grad. She might know him
Hi Friends...it's Friday! What's breaking? I'll be at the Live Desk 5-7AM with what you need to know. See U there.
Happy 4th everyone! We're open until midnight tonight. Try our new Baja Dog or our milkshakes. Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
#AskNate If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?
Happy New Years folks!
Being sick is not fun #WhyMe?
Should have asked how old she is...? email me at
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME! :(( I BEEN WAITING #3YEARS FOR THAT DAY 2 COME 3
don't remind me!
yes, we are working on that now! and and I need to get together on that soon
Flying out Friday! See ya there brothers and sisters!
I like 'em until they play the Bulls.
Dontch hate it when people teach u the wrong things?
thanks TweetHeart! there is a See's treat waiting for ya! Guest Services
i guess i never did actually like him as much as i thought i did.
thank you for following me !!!!
So JD wanna be wearing charm bracelets now, signs are showing in these artist now.smh
Ok got tweet limit on so I'm here!!!
RT : "Having a vision for what you want is not enough! ....“Vision without execution is hallucination” - Thomas Edison
She told me she was a GILF lol RT : smh how u know she 49
Fucking two days before the ap and you decide to start teaching german r u fucking kidding
I'm no theologian, but I'm pretty sure heaven is living in Manhattan without ever having to worry about money.
Had super fun birthday party thingy (: Good way to spend a Friday!
thanks lady!!!!!
Rethink what we mean by research (Key takeaway from Blackwell & Martin article)
lol u already know I'm fucking with u
Last day to save 40% off all SALE merchandise!
Chris Gocong just earned his paycheck... Turned the Stillers around all 4 plays
OMG this is the funniest shit I ever seen on twitter
One unexpected text can always make me 100x happier
on that ciroc red Berry, lovin it
Starting the day off with a trip to the DMV. This is probably not the best way to kick off
No hate here, dude, just pointing out cruelty. Much respect to the Halpinator.
« Today is so good man. Blessings!»
Downloading instagram on my phone
Great, and you?
If I were rich I'd be there!
Hi ~ followers !!! talk with me ;D
Last day at home before heading to Europe with MB.
Ever look at your EX and just think “Was I drunk our whole relationship?”"
time to record and start this full week out of school off right
I hate when gum does that!
Uribe did a fabulous job of making that routine ground ball look like a great play
Drunk 608 got it in!!!!
Our next 15 Days to the 25th winner is coming up at 6:35 - and today's prize is worth $750!
you ugly and fake
took the artist Steven Quartly out for doghnuts last night, what a treat. Four doughnuts going back to his kids in Ca
Happy back to school day!
My 5yo: is Jeff Gordon racing? He's gooder! <what does she know?>
Is it possible to think so hard you'll just forget?
And that new rihanna 'where have u been all my life' pop radio game on point damn
naah, I was just an extra but they paiid good...and I'm bound to be in a few scenes. [:
How is it only 2:00?? And HOW is September almost over?!?!?
thank you ☺
Someone text me.
did you also posted on DSLReports direct forum? if you did, i am working on the issue now.
Sad realization when you see dudes on The Office at the gas station drivin a camry
Listening to music until i fall asleep.
"I train wack emcees in camps like ex-marines, why the fuck you think you went home and had bad dream."-dice vader da rawest..lol!
Haha- glad you liked it, Diane!! 💛😊
What are the best real estate websites? I'm Looking for a change.
There's this Mitch Hedberg joke about red bananas... turns out, you get them at the Kroger on Moreland Avenue.
Going to bed! YEEEEEEEEEEE, 3 MORE HOURS UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY Y'ALL. <3
I looked into your account and you should have received an email from me about 4 hours ago… maybe it went to spam?
My niece isn't asking for it. My sister wants to do it. My niece actually wanted her to talk to me & my other natural sister 1st.
one of our favorites!
Lol this guy quit his job to sell pills! I bet he's going to get somewhere far in life!
does Rice tweet?
Her husband, maybe?
Today In Science class my teachers like,"I hate to say this but the tennis ball is only going One Direction"Girls&Me:ONE DIRECTION!<3!<3!<3!
Amazing day in the gorgeous sunshine but now I can't focus on all the things I need to do inside.
I'm about to miss this boy like crazy. Will be the slowest two weeks..
is that supposed to offend me or be new information?
WITHEY REST IN PEACE! We will love you FOREVER
Is it just me or are public comments fun...
hey buddy, can you send some of that over this way!? :-)
Church is my least favorite place.
Why does #coffee taste so much better out of a paper cup?
Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
See you soon :)
dude...I'm trying...I dont even know where to go to check my messages...or when someone has sent me one...twitter isnt big in ak
How was the trip to LA? Where did you end up eating in Venice?
Ya kno me and Deivian cool lil gurl and this the only way in contact so just so ya kno
RT : Stanley Wilder's first new hire at UNCC was an anthropologist. How cool if that would be the norm for libraries!
Why do you ask? :)
- Hey there - you ok?
agreed. so much potential, but #sxhappy was the anti-happy.
cam newton i think is the real deal.
totally agree Jason!
S/O to for jumpin on that new single with #SHOWOUT gonna be
obviously he changed. Everyone does.
I think it was more like one of those hybrids that players are hitting now.
So many pools to clean, so little time to tweet! Its that time of year!
Had a very productive at the office today, abt to kick back and relax w/ Blunt.. (:
You wanna go "Gregg Williams" on them RT : Can't understand Grizzlies not going at Blake or CP3 when they were obviously hurt.
Reverting back to freshman year of college and having a orange juice and vodka.
Jobs made product announcements fun. At worse, it reduces Apple's spotlight in the news during these events.
Thanks for the follow
kicksrocks crew will be at current this Thursday!
no prob, Coach!
happy's mother's day i love u mommy!!!!!
Do people spell words wrong to be hip or are they just morons?...
So excited to give his Christmas gifts! Only a few more days :)
#HappyBirthdayMJ aka The GOAT!!! Often imitated Never Duplicated!!!
BUT THAT'S WHEN THE FOO FIGHTERS GO ON JORDAN
"Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men." -- 1963's "Strength to Love" - MLK Jr.
