Good morning!!
Dude, you're 40. What are you doing up at this ridiculous hour?
“: I wanted to come out last night so bad. Haha” We just went to bed!
why do hockey goalies sweat so much? They hardly move.
Dream Project #21: Creating a graphic recording that vitalizes brain storming and elevates the energy in the room.
Much like Volstad was tonight. Struggled in first, has settled in since...Right now, 3ER through 4
#digitalindia traditional and online distance ed models differs widely. What do the institutions and users get out of them?
dwiggins: What do you think? Is Text The Only Way To Hold A Conversation? - Digital Life Blog - InformationWeek #slail #slakm #sla2009 h ...
Doesn't everyone need a beer around 3pm daily? No? Just me? Oh...
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I'm over a thousand tweets now :p
I am STILL stuck in #minneapolis - our plane apparently needed to be "rebooted" AFTER we took off. I wish I had my travel buddy
Heart disease kills 600,000 people a year in the US. Sports writers are fat because of their jobs. I'm never reading another sports story.
i found out a couple hours ago a family friend passed away from cancer :( R.I.P Barb
Nicki Minaj - Marilyn Monroe If you can't handle my worst, you ain getting my best...#PFRR obsessed
GREAT TWEET
..."But the talking vegetables don't bother you?" He admitted I had a point.
Welcome to our newest member Tony Case, Website Advertising, Ltd
Thanks for the follow! ;)
Roy should precede Barber
RT "Focus on greater accountability & transparency. Social intrapreneurship is just as valauable & important as #socent"Mike Wenger
That moment when you almost fall asleep in study hall and have no one to wake you up<<<<
welcome to #NARIP's twitter world , , & ! hope to see you soon!
i might need that
Don't fuck up your future , by worrying about your pass
Shocker foursquare check ins were fewer than Facebook.
OTC cough and cold meds are not approved for kids under 6. Try lemon juice-honey-and-warm water with saline nose drops and steam showers.
I NEED A JOB!! any companies want a bro/jock stud?! :D
Yes, but shellfish are. I think it's in Leviticus. Which is generally no fun.
Thanks for that wonderful fact! Made my Tuesday :)
God morning!!!! How are you today?
": Hippo milk is pink."----- I'm starting to think these ppl are makin shit up now
“ The feeling you get when your ex downgrades>>>>”
who was 8 and who was 13?
World Goes Round
pls RT -just over 30 minutes b4 u can xmas shop & get a fabulous gift 4 $1
Just got home to Georgia, and first song that comes on Pandora as I settle in to bed with a box of old photos? Georgia on my mind.
"Sleeping people have dreams. Awaken people have TO-DO lists. WAKE UP and make your dream a reality!" —DJohnson T&B
Man.. I Still have no cooking utensils or pans at my apartment lol everything has been baked and or microwaved at this point. Hahaha
Suddenly It Feels Like My Life Is Starting Over Again!!!.
QoTD: "Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well." (Jim Rohn)
Amiga!!! We Love you!!!
My homework brings all the asian's to the yard, and they're like "it's not even hard"
I hope the movies become a trend. He seems like a nice guy but his lecturing is painful.
where did you upload it to?
Did you get the top yet?
Uncle Tony's Hitch & Truck Accessories in Porter, Texas Adds U-Haul - Sacramento Bee
Good Morning loved the oufit in the begining ;)
it got all over me haha.
Our power was just out for four hours. Sad, how much an adventure it felt like. I will surely perish when the Omega Pulse comes.
amen to that! Marguerite Henry was my gateway drug to reading.
I basically almost always agree with everything Jay-Z says.
Watching loiter squad with my bros
mothers+day
RT “: Treasure Coast Linebacker Patrick Jean has switched his commitment from #Louisville to #FIU. Has signed #LOI"
Ask me if I Care ...... I DON'T GIVE A FUCK BXTCH
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
i did the same thang lol
have you seen Across the Universe??? It's so good!
fantastical tunes mane
Daily 'can't' level just met!
I think it was a conscious decision. I'll send you a link to read about him. It's funny.
My #currentmood has just been improved, thanks to and his random tweets.<3 (: gotta love him.
Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust
Boo Radleys: Everythings Alright Forever, Slowdive: Souvlaki, Ride: Nowhere, Pale Saints: Comforts of Madness...
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
i don't like roller coasters.... i don't like the big falls
All of my family and friends, who live along the pacific, please be careful and safe. I’m praying for you all.
These are not easy times to be fully invested. A short hedge is appropiate for position protection and short term profits
The first song of the day Frank Sinatra Duets The Best is Yet to Come...yes it is
Fake Eyelashes <<<<<
#UMWFA12 day 1 was a blast. Looking forward to day 2!
show 2nite #awesome. showed mad love to ya girl. S/o Anthony, Big Cal, Mikey Jay, warner bros., sony an all that came out. thank you
HootSuite is a little easier, no software to install, easier to have multiple accounts, runs within browser window.
Reeeeaaaallllllyyy want to get tickets for tonights Laker game.
Shout out to my Shenzhen wife for dressing me like a mobster!
I hate when girls only talk about cheer and judge people about how they r. No ones perfect remember that.
About to watch the remake of Conan the Barbarian. I already want a refund on the next 1.5 hours of my life.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterverse!
Swinging through bowery electric to see black taxi and celebrate krisana's birthday
i know this a dumd question but do u ware make-up
THAT'S A LOT OF FREAKIN ENTRIES HOLY FUDGEBALLS
I've decided just really needs to sing "Gone" at the next show
Cheers and thank you!
You ain't no good lmao RT : Get over here woman... Now RT FxckYouPayMe_: I need someone who's gone put me in my place
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas. - comedienne Paula Poundstone
Tips for eating out: Always ask for dressing on the side. Even a salad dressing can be pumped with sneaky fats and calories!!
Ah I love my new nail polish c: definitely using it for #PROM <3
LOL I wish! Ive been working every weekend. My days off are during the week so I don't have time to get LIVE. :/
Is it too much to hope that the subways are delayed because of #M1GS?
oh fancy smandhy mrs Hornors spanish :) Hahga You know it (; their songs can just fit anywhere.. nd ill tell you a secret.. a part
Its a bittersweet symphony.
Ok to all people who are bashing just stop please..this is a person u are referring to not a doll made out of plastic..
that's what's up brody
Props to ! Shooting a feature film in Ft Myers today - congrats buddy! Let me know if there's anything I can do for ya! :-)
He saved Louisville football and created fau coached with the bear but his numbers don't add up.how many back to back good seasons did
I had the same thought as I stepped out for coffee (though I got soaked on my ride in this AM) MT Rain stopped. You can bike now
From everything I've read/heard, yes. But we'll see. RT : Can he tackle in the open field? And does he wrap tackle?
most excellent day outside.
ew. I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
This weekend, Tori and Andrew are gonna be in Millennium Park playing an acoustic cover set. If you're in the Chicago area, come hangout!
#MusicNews Watch Nine Inch Nails Play Dance Party USA, 1989
Excited to lead a shelter hands-on training for 60 brand new Red Cross volunteers today. We'll be ready for wildfire season!
Big win for the new-look Magic today!
See, that could be you!
RT if u think , should be in the best haunted house evr. =)
paper cuts are the worst
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer1
Fuck it, maybe moving out of Oregon is the best.
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement, my hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then.
That's actually slow and sucky. I used to do it in about 48 minutes until I got hurt.
What's the use of this, Wayne? Shared data without external hosting?
#whitecrazyboysays i hit a chipmunk once. Someone says in a joking tone, "u monster". His response says dont worry, it was just a baby
there's 2bars, union transfer and a Steven star restaurant near by. Not exactly no where
Close it is a 55 gallon pickle (or onion) tub. I can take a picture of the one I build last year and get that to you tonight
DO YOU WANT TO BE PART OF A MOVIE?A WELL KNOWN VIDEO GAME AS WELL???YOU KNOW THE THRILLER DANCE??NEXT SATURDAY THE 10th IS THE DATE
whatever happened to Von Dutch ?
possibly going this weekend :)
SimonThunder 4 Idol judge!Who else could do the show&contestants justice. SimonThunder no sellout philosophy 5octave singing & indie songs:)
What.. league minimum? Guys fighting hard to stay in the league at age 32..
i'm still trying to head your way this summer. the weather better improve!
#DesperateHousewives was a serious emotional rollercoaster tonight.
nah that's cool
i wanna learn how to make cute little cupcakes like they do on cupcake wars
me: you're facebook pictures are all whorish. *unfriends*
Stomach is killing me...
Early morning flights...✈
#SharkTank what ever happen to the custom energy bar guy? He was a hell of a negotiator!
About to watch my heroes Jimmy Heath and Phil Woods shoot a documentary. Only in New York!
#WhyDoIAlways Act Like I Don't Care When Really Deep Down Inside...I Do
wait MSBWY??? there isnt one...yet...
Will Smith turns 43 today. My favorite movie of his is The Pursuit of Happyness.
I want to go to Paris. You know. Paris, France.
Maybe that chick does want the dick......
Yes everything is okay & how about you?!
Dustin Brown is a pretty damn ugly lookin dude!
Make Sure Your #FOLLOWING ... #TEAMMSLBMGMT #TEAM1579 #TeamNORTH Alleyway to Broadway
Hello eye twitch! Haven't seen you since grad school! :(
Finally figured out what #oomf means.... SO TOTALLY LATE
Damn , overtime !
So it'll be me, , a bunch of comic books, and mommy-free at the airport. Ya... something's bound to go wrong.
Thanks for the #FF Juliet! Love you! <3
SIETE!! I've always liked that number.
Who's getting hookah tonight!?
i invariably hit my mailbox quota while on a long flight, uggh.
To be continue...
NO THANKS. BLOCKED.
RT : Any artistic folks out there? Want to do some illustration work for ? Lemme know.
Umm... *shrugs* Up to you... *smirk mischievously, grabs and eats whats left of the oreo*
Before I join this league I need to know 1 thing, is tKessel's left nut the remaining testicle or the missing one?
Oh how I've missed baseball
Monday works. You name the location
#madmen not #madman right? ;-)
Painting tonight, hmm, what should I paint tonight? the Possibilities are endless!
I know it's a day late but congrats to for being GLVC player of the year. One of the best guys I have ever seen play this game
fashion has no gender.
damn that's a a lot! Did you do a 401k conversion or something?
womp womp?? I like real instruments thank ya :)
THANKS TO ANYONE WHO CAME OUT TO BAYVIEW BREWHAUS LAST NIGHT!!GREAT SHOW WITH GREAT PEOPLE!
Off To My Early Gig In Montgomery Mall...
What booth?
Ridin dirty on 85, slow takin it easy. Its been real
Brady is pushing yet another city agency - Economic Development Agency
thanks but it's kinda too late .
damn you're making it lol
Enjoying the game with #GoMagic!
Obama calls on states to increase dropout age to 18, but do we really want to force 17-year-olds to stay in school?
because it's wrong
oh I love that & thank you!
Its the middle of the week!! Whohas gotten a lot done so far??
Outer Minds and Radar Eyes are playing the Hemlock tonight. I haven't seen those dudes in ages.
For the fifth time in as many days I've found myself shouting, "Needs more cowbell!" at something. Trust me, they all deserved it.
<now followin this team. thanks for the follow.
tumblr ? I'll follow you if you follow me c:
#50 days till #believe...its feel like a lifetime. nervous, excited, ready.
Brewers baseball begins today at 2:05PM CST! Go Crew!
Just got an email from my Alma Mater, to open up a online b-day card, that was the lamest gif animation. Kinda glad I have no $ to give em
Happy Birthday ! Hope you and are are having a big celebration today!
~ they all disappear from view ~
The most important things are always the hardest to say.
Trivia guy: Hey are y'all playing trivia? Me: Yes. Yes we are. . : Um... Ok, guess we're playing trivia.
Give me your best #TypicalRedsFanTweet(s) and I'll RT my faves.
Just faced another fear in my universe and confronted it. #feelingfree and
we hope you do try them! Thanks for the #WW shout out too!
Living my life day by day.
looking good.
Michelle's personal DC fleet week?
Attempted sleep and epically failed :/
You need to come to Minnesota then.
No, more with the fanatical harpooning and less with the racism. I need that shirt!
Good shit we came back on the marlins
if you see this can I get a follow please?
come work with me! experienced recruiters looking for an amazing opportunity send resume to
Your blog is fantastic, would you be interested in sending an image to us. We would love to have your work posted on our blog.
you wish ;)
your website is amazing! I'm hungry just by looking at the chili and beef & broccoli recipe and pix....
im bout to start cookn from scratch n a min
A toddler straight up walked out of Jessica Simpson. There's no coming back from that.
Working on copy for new site. Need a hilarious list of things we don't do. Any suggestions? Use ->
welcome to Twitter! :)
But once i get out im going to regret it :/ forget it Y.O.L.O :) lmaooo
Good luck, Ben. RT : Just visited Ben Brink in hospital. Small stroke has not affected his speech or thought process.
Imagine how I feel , I'm a UK fan, every football season is that way!!!
I really liked the parts that he talked haha
And TWENTY SEVEN MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED IT.
oh wow um well wht happened ?
RT i don't want to lose you... <\3
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
I used some of that today. I'm actually leaving for ass-torn Europe on the 30th o'May.
Wearing my blazer over my lanvin pajamas with my clutch. Towncar better hurry up! Ugh!
Ray Lewis was at my show tonight! Well, he was in a private room behind a wall of security and he wasn't watching, but he was there!
I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in the stride toward freedom is not the
Age is mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Haha I made the daily lobo AGAIN.
If anyone would like a FREE Avon booklet mailed to them please message me
Aww he's singing boyfriend by justin bieber for mee <3.<3
Just had a student enthusiastically thank me for the awesome art books I buy. The PRINT ones.
Hamilton another one 18th!
Thanks Heidi and best of luck in all your endeavors!
Rep. Eric Cantor criticizes President Obama's "all or nothing" approach. In related news, John Boehner calls pumpkin "orange".
We love you! Thanks for a great shop at Adams/Dearborn and for the wonderful samples!
happy mothers day queen kourtney
Michigan: Great Lakes, Great Times; More To See....especially abandoned houses from the collapsed auto industry.
Thanks! Hope your training is going well.
It must cost you a fortune to have a room in heaven lol. Your #BearsCave is totally awesomeness good stuff
Girl im the guy who will rub your feet but wont kiss yo ass #callmeanasswhole who cares
thanks :) tell your friends about him.. He's striving to make change back to real hiphop in exchange for this vulgar rap. lol
Al I need your help with the Outer Space Men video you made at the comic con Email me!!! www.theouterspacemen.com thanks, Gary
Gimmie all the CHICKEN HEADS FROM PASADENA
good luck, Kevin! I know you'll be up to all sorts of awesome things!
: Is that called a Canine "Hot Box"?
I never gave a name though! Nor do I think he will creep like I do xD
Someone tested our personal & biz checking, too. I caught it right away, tho, so nothing gone, really.
Time for voting, Wisconsin! Take a long lunch!
Nice timing here. Everyone should be inspired after watching Man U and Man City duke it out!
What if you had the ability to make a vehicle jumping ramp immediately anywhere?
i'm sleepy
Do u like black veil brides?(:
Just woke up from a dream where I was being sprayed from a water hose by a monkey wearing a 1950's style wig. Jung help me out here.
Lady Gaga edges out Barack Obama as the person w/the most Facebook fans (11.1 million),Twitter (4.8 million), and YouTube (314,000). Amazing
May hit Ashley, but hitting the Warhol panel at 2:15 for sure.
On tap for today: Basic player GUI for the VST instrument.
I find it hard to believe that you wouldn't recognize that
today was so amazing!! the Lord is moving in awesome ways here in Clarkston GA :) so blessed to see how everything is giving God the glory!
sittin here by grandma thinkin about back in the day
Im a Steeler fan,bleed Black n Gold,but ty for following me..
On second thought, I'm foolhardily willing to predict no mayor DeMaio. Beer.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe #LGBT people who blindly support the #DNC w/o demanding the #FullEquality we deserve -
Don't listen to them, you've got the voice of an angel RT : please never ever sing Justin Bieber again!!! lol :)
do you know when he is coming to Florida again?
I'm all about some low 80s.
It's Friday there. Are you suited up, drunk and covered in gravy?
DMV ain't even pack....... yes
there are lots of great examples of this truth in action
Listenin to , Beautiful Freaks, if ur a beautiful freak NO SLEEP! I'm a song lyric person
BLACK!What bout urs?!Although Iguess black isnt really considered a color.. So then green. Haha, I hope u had a good day :D
yah they very cool
Last call to get your final questions in for #SportingExplore!
Bob Cole is blind.
Hidden Numbers Parking Lot - Free Online Game | Gethost.ro ...
DUMB ASS
Dam it is boring during fourth now
Surveys are the gateway drug to get people involved in political causes. What is the gateway drug to get people involved in musems?
My Appalachian Choir students want to lead off today's performance with "Mountain Dew" and follow with "Big Rock Candy Mountain."
We will be attending Expo Transporte in Guadalajara, Mexico from Nov 16-18. Check us out at Expo Guadalajra for special Meitrack discounts.
“: #on_ice” duh... I always drink white wine with an ice cube or too.
A positive attitude is a person's passport to a better tomorrow.
I think data plan is mandatory.
La Crosse Logan Cross Country just destroyed everyone at the Eau Claire meet
60 I have no use for it because I have a canon
Oh you know I'm counting them? Lol ;P
Having the shittest day, and just that one little thing.. Makes it feel like the best day!
Some may argue I'm better at NHL. Madden...not so much“: supposedly.. Some may say.”
bt what did c tweet selena?
Was Tim Burton and Johnny Depp's latest shot on film? I can't imagine them achieving dark shadows if not.
sex ALWAYS sells
I don't think my neighbors realize what time it is..
Ah. Glad you got a good one then! :)
ugh he is at work :(
Oh good! I know what you mean. A whole new experience we are creating here.
she's not lying. Best ketchup ever.
Some people remind me of for some reason:)
the beauty of aggregate series, where they like to park the bus and play ugly futbol
Hey Did u know you rule? Thanks for the #FF!!
this guy👆
Thanks for the love!
Frosting cupcakes, then on to making Valentine's Day sugar cookies, chocolate covered Strawberries, & Strawberry shortcake
We're working on new material tonight and PUMPED about it!!
RT Business development is a never-ending process. There's always something to do.... <- Truth! Time also never wasted.
and i'm not a teenager. i'm 20 years old. get it right
i didnt even say your Name!!!! Alex Chill out girl go to sleep!!
Fincher/ Spacey 'House of Cards.'
RT : In Mexico City we love the Emergence album, and of course, La Puerta. muchisimas gracias!!
Hey Tutan! Is it at the Electric Room, or PHD?
I think when ppl spam Justin he replies ...
thank you for taking a stand!
he's not really having surgery cus his arm isn't broke its a show nigh b smh u still think its real
The next Day Party is June 5...location TBA. Mark your calendar. You don't want to miss it! :-)
IT IS HERE!!! MOVIES on the Cow, the Cow Patio that is...Tonight: Mommy Dearest. Bring a wire hanger in and get 10% off your ticket.
well you were able to spell before you moved there right?
Madonna is performing at halftime of the #Superbowl? Yea! Now I'll have time to go to the bathroom and get something to eat during the game.
So proud to be a #Spurs fan!
joy of science.
She's been here for almost two weeks - she is leaving Wed. My dad left on the 24th because he had to go back to work.
Let all the cars that I saw on the side of the road this am be an indicator as to what will happen.
yeah stoopid, well take it put Gonzo on with Youk up and 1 pout,,,,,make em pay Yoouuuk!
Old German Restaurant hosted by Rico Fisher. No Cover in HB
At Camp Ripley for NSRMAA's "Insight and Influence" conference for fire officers. Capt.Mike Gagliano kicked us off with substance and class!
A lot of NFL movement .... Broncos step it up!!!!
Random Hacks of Kindness = Awesome initiative. www.rhok.org
🐶 want this 🐱give u a 💔 throw it 👈 now watch em get it
Selling: Brown studded clogs tinyurl.com/827yw3r
Hush, you love me and you know it. So....deal wit it. Haha
that spoof movie thing they made is pretty damn hilarious. PS: show the movie already!! They ruined it for Jason
I think would sound awesome doing new song "Believer" for an altar song. Thoughts?
My pin......just for girls 🌹 PIN: 2956E986 Plz I dont wanna boys just girls😍😘.
try some gin and juice
what's up my dude?
then go back to la! Lol man that's cool you get a choice, don't be picky! :p
25,000 words: halfway there. Still don't really have a STORY, but...check out all these words!
Wondering how the Haggis was?
dat aint where u at!!!!!lol I like 5 star breakfast to!!!!
I just uninstalled Adobe #Dreamweaver. I feel so liberated!
smh at John Hammond.
I might have a heart attack in the next 5 minutes
We can't wait for the Bridal show at the Monroeville Convention Ctr. tomorrow. Come see the best Limo Company in Pittsburgh. www.tdflimo.com
Presented my paper #VISAWUS! Enjoying listening and learning from other presenters.
#ThingsMyBestfriendDo slam each other with harsh insults for fun
Yay ! Getting our brakes done finally ! Enjoyed not having 2 drive around town but missed not being able 2 get up n go when I wantd :)
YEE ITS PLAYING AGAIN (;
You know I wonder also has ever watched any Bollywood flicks?! I've got some excellent suggestions!
Thanks for trying, but you're just barely too late.
thanx to all new n' regular followers..have a wonderful day!!~
Tim Tebow changed his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx. I guess next year he'll change it to Stampeder or Argonaut.
Know how to ask. There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier.
The fact that we have ~24,000 government websites says so much about our bureaucracy
Links are up go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all todays hockey games live online enjoy you have to register to view links enjoy!!!!
that's what I did. 3 groups of two
Football Sundays start THIS SUNDAY! $2 beers, great food specials & TONS of giveaways! Located 1 mile East of the M Resort.
oh shelbie (;; I will be Fangirling tomorrow at school. :-)
Yum Yum Yum: Strawberry Mint Ice Cream
Stopped for sushi after my USO show & got a lot of looks. I guess a 1940s pinup girl cramming a crunch roll in her face is a little strange!
To the guy in the car infron of me.... You sure as hell know how to spit out a hoker... (However you spell it)
that would be the ideal move if you ask me!!!...plus picking up dwight
Directionators at school, we're gonna kill you.
they are more defensive than reactionary
My porch this evening! *logs onto Amazon*
Fun Fact: The removal of unwanted body hair can be traced all the way back to the #AncientRomans!
I wonder if Bill Polian wakes up everyday hoping that Jim Irsay will accidentally forget the password to his twitter account.
I've been using that iPhone app we talked about. I'll show you this week. You'll love it!
Me n b.o.b made up lol;). Gnight
gonna watch the big boys play rugby :)
Come by and have a drink with us at The Anchor Bar
When do you think you'll return from the DL? Your mom asked for that as a present.
ooh okay na :) I see you talking about it dang I want to watch it with you but I'm at practice :(
Baron von Steuben had a greyhound named Azor who he took everywhere he went.:) I like learning quirks of people who lived in different eras.
idk who that is. I might need a link lol
What is your favorite jail/prison movie or television show?
thanks:) awesome urs
hey Directioners.:D go follow she follows back !(:
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 😃
Insane desserts eaten in leap day don't have any calories, right??
WHOOP DAT AS WHOOP DAT AS
"I'm classy smashed!" ~my good friend Ashley Good...LOL
Whats the future for the Ravens
":shouldn't be swollen to much" <--I have read some ppl's nose was lookin like a potatoe 1 week afta they removed the plaster
Ow RT : Dept of solid ideas: hiring someone who presided over failed digital media strategy as a "digital media consultant."
I believe you said it like nine times. Once it's out, you can't put it back. (That's what he said.) ;)
10 Bags of Ice, a plastic bag of limes & a bag of Ranch Doritos
2 gigs today! Daytime nighttime work with a nap in between
Oh yeah!!!
1000 words to type is hard! You dont know what to write
so what do you think about the trade bogut and sjax to golden state for monta ellis and two other players.
is looking for #Java #Technical #Lead for a #contract #job with large retailer in #SF. Interested candidates must have worked on high traff…
Loved raj's quote on #bigbangtheory. How is Sex (with friends) bad. It's like sprinkles on ice cream. It makes things better.
We are happy to have you join us! What a line-up of awesome speakers!
If you don't love them then why are they great films? Technically impressive? What does great mean in that context?
you were totally my favorite person today. :)
OMG WHO THE HELL CARES
have a great day!
Sometimes you need to hear what you already know ~
Awesome! Very nice work :)
couldn't agree more. Thanks for the share Tim.
Damn I forgot to green today
Happy 10th birthday to I think it's safe to say they're the band that really got us into live music. Those guys are great.
I know <3
I hope you like your party baby!
RT Grace is the love that gives, that loves the unlovely and the unlovable. – Oswald C. Hoffmann
Haha right there with ya laur
Plans for today: Chores, chill, then church xD!!! Ugh they all start with the letter "C"
gsxr but he just txted and said no payments. I'm gone write this other guy for this yzf yamaha
new website!!! www.youngeighty.com
ur welcome :) yay u love me!
It's gonna be amazing! :)
just got done with ELUNA presentation. Whew! folks said they liked the project management with a little tech mixed in...
It's not THAT bad. :-) (As long as I'm not eating it every day.)
We missed your smiling face!
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity.
I think you are sending these to me
One World One Heart is an annual give-away held by over 900 blogs worldwide, we were accepted this year and will be giving away over $250.00
#imagine Austin In he Shower 0_0
IT IS NOT ENOUGH TO HAVE A GOOD MIND. THE MAIN THING IS TO USE IT WELL. :-)
You know I bought one from you, right?
i have my phone with me so i think i can be in around this time
News 4 Tonight: fast start. Spencer-Metro assault victim. with heart. At 11
nicole wants me to switch to united. She wants us to root for the same team, but she won't root for a SoCal team
they're jealous because you're making something of yourself.
Those energy bars are really good when youre tired
Something that I will do tomorrow is go around selling chocolates for drama while singing the song that Ariana and I came up with :).
It caught me off guard or I totally would have!
Thanks for following us!!
still waiting for the necessary parties to be out of meetings. not doing much for my c-c-c-courage.
Please dont play me 4 a fuckin dummy I hate that shit man ugh ,
Masquerade Ball starts in an hour! You better head the Art Authority now!!!
Giants timeout. Getting closer to the goal line
heyy, thanks for following! have you listened to yet!? (: hope you have a terrific afternoon! <3
I give girls head in church ...I dont care
// you watch Game of Thrones?! Didn't think it was possible but you just got even more cooler in my book! Lol
should take some pictures of fleeger's test
oh yes your beautiful notes! They must make your girlfriend swoon! Sounds perfect :-)
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
yup! Marta says hi ;)
Me + = unsubscribe
yes sir. I changed EVERYTHING. What I ate. When I ate. Made exercise a focal point. Everything. For my kids. :)
#SomethingAboutMe Id Go Crazy A Day Without Texting My Gf ._____.
just saw a nun in real life.
You KNOW that is my title, creative abrasionist, and I have been refinign this for over a year now? Can we collaborate on this??
Some people say that I'm a bad influence I say the worlds already fucked I'm just adding to it
Nicks smile never fails to make me smile
ooh cool... What movie you watching?? I get paid to take vacations so I'm always checking out different places ;)
Are you connected? Get connected at ROCConnect 187 St. Paul street the Scotland yard pub
have stuff I could check out online
#brewers injuries aside, its time to get back on track
Try to teach my dog a new secret handshake
new user VamosUltras is welcome to GIS Extensions Market. We hope he finds it useful.
Ghetto word of the day: Cologne - "Aye, you think you cologne me some gas money?""
5 seater? Aka "a car?" RT 5 seater? RT : good thing we are renting a car and driving to madison on Saturday
Did you already do the Naughty Dog one about story?
“I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting to see if you'll make an effort.”
My big kitty is in the hospital. Thank God my sister in law is a vet.
Maddox is so smart
At Tossed & Found mtg. Don't forget that the first drop-off date is next Saturday, January 28 from 9:00a.m. - 12:00p.m.!!
See that's why I fucks wit A REAL NIGGA IS MY PREFERENCE!!!! GO FOLLOW ON SOME
Going to sleep. Good night. Waking up early, putting on my Adele dvd, and taking practice tests for my permit. That's gonna be my morning.
#shoutout to my newest follower ! Very enticing name...lol
that was mostly to taunt my Aussie family, but you've gone and ruined that now, they don't know sh*t about snow.
haha well when u do i better gett a call
RT : Plan B: Mobile Foxy Radio Station transmitting 1600AM w/ electric bike healthy energy #Rocks for...
i wanna see abduction :) who wants to see it with me? =D
'are you saying my apples aren't what they outta be?!'
Is excited for the Blondes vs. Brunettes kickoff tonight!
“: OH: "There is nothing wrong with checking Facebook while you're having sex." >Focus people. FB needs your full attention!
so sad. Lots of great times there in college that I may or may not remember. #blameitonthealcohol :-)
Happy Birthday ! Hope you had a good weekend out on the town.
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with and ! (Though Watco_Terminal is pretty much everywhere across the USA.)
Idk who answers me but do north sophomores have any type of testing tomorrow?! Help seriously.
daily #homeschool tip: plant a garden. learn what wild foods grow in your neighborhood. a person who can feed him/herself is never broke
are you ready for this weekend?
Going to have a busy day tomorrow. Going to apply for jobs, do make up work, work out, and take care of some business. :D
Watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid
I think by the end of this paper I will know 's website and communication policies inside and out.
Man baseball is like a roller coaster
thanks friend! i took the latest program. Day1 - "Our achievements match our ambitions…" miss u man!
Txt2wrk feature-phone base job application/listing service includes audio (text-to-speech). Useful for limited literacy
Ran into my nigga Patches @ the SOB the Game and E-40 After Party!! @ Club Rome!!! Pac-Town Up!!!
I knew NIGHTSHADE was coming the end of Oct, and somehow we got into Nov already... I CAN'T WAIT to read it!
Brrr. TIme to start wearing gloves to bootcamp. My digits were miserable.
Really, men find cucumbers, carrots, and zucchini "unmanly?"
Law and Order SVU (:
u comin up with a group too
If you are a "foodie," this will be a great estate sale for you... TONS of small appliances, Wolfgang Puck cookware, knives, baking supplies
Dear Abby: 11-year-old should know table manners by now
About to go work out w/ my lil bros and sis
We prefer processed American cheese wrapped in plastic singles.
yes he is fashion and ghey royalty
OK, now I feel bad for ducking out on my little 1 mi. today
Conservatism does not serve us well. And I like to be served well.
lol Never heard that one!
Appreciated your expertise Jeff. Do you have any strong thoughts on building online followings?
let's say yes, but not with guns. Knives?
Putting together #timelapse footage from the Himalayas today. Very pretty. But not on the same level as
Today's my birthday :]
“: can I look like girls on tumblr plz” wat. but you do zxkbfmgjlsk
sometimes you gotta go loafer.
Come back and visit soon! It was a great pleasure meeting you- Thanks for being
well good luck! Hope y'all win the whole thing! Imma drive back and watch y'all at 12 haha
You're not getting nudes of me. Keep on dreamin'. lmao
All San Franciscan's You can buy our latest album in Amoeba records "Haight street"....coming soon on i-tunes etc..
I give Jadakiss Consignment shop 5 shot guns
My heart goes out to Spanky and his family. I truly send out my condolences. That is fucking sad. Spanky is gone but never forgotten. :-(
Mahomies make me happy <3 they tweet me just to say hi. AMAZING FEELING EVER. I love y'all <3
I need help.
had to swing by through Pittsburgh today for the afternoon but surely will tomorrow!
...I don't use GR for promotion. If you have 4000 friends and the only book on your shelf is your own, I won't confirm you as a friend.
TY for your support & shout-out!
who ready to tackle this semester with all As?!!!
laguna hills lady hawks heading to Sacramento for STATE! Congrats!! Also, Celia Marfone our player of the game with 28 pts & 14 rebounds!
The harder I grind, the luckier I get!
Just saw bill Cosby in home depot
This is what a hurricane looks like!
Instead of wearing my sperrys I have to wear bball shoes today
By doing homework, were killing tress. #stupidassteachers !
Family is coming over.
Love is lust in our generation it's a dam shame to know we don't nothing about true love anymore
I Love You <3 My Fans! <3 Very Much
My mom sure knows how to ruin my day
Will #MoonriseKingdom just come out already?!
I Don't Know Anything About It.
happy birthday ❤❤
Arriving in Tampa during rush hour probably wasn't the best idea.
Man. I sure am glad we got rid of CJ. the one game I watched him pitch in arlington against the rays in the playoffs he sucked-still sucks.
lol, yeah, they wouldn't sit still for me to take their picture. To busy with other stuff I suppose
omg happy birthday U are so grown up love you
Not in a good mood
Not the death of the CD yet, still need them at your gigs. But, we also do digital download cards & of course our Custom tees! We are merch.
Today in NBA history: MJ scores 226 points in a 5-game 1st Round series against the Cavs, breaking Bernard King’s record (213 in 1984).
Oh, please... I've had your request in que for WEEKS!
Of course!! RT“: Thanks for the follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK”
It is 9:30. Get off my TV, #dwts. On with the
hm hopefully this turns out well#wantinganotherkickassnight:-)
talk about it somewhere only we know
How am I supposed to research the possible future Avengers movie story lines if the Marvel Universe database is down?!?
Teenhoot was awesome! Thanks for the hug before I had to leave, I hope I can see you next time ur in chicago! <3
& thats that. I need a vacation alone by a pool with a cold beer.
I sure hope they're still there mid-June. That's when I'll be near there.
i hate SHE ABUSES INNOCENT GINGERS
Would you rather be an answer to prayer or a slave to fear? Take the victory God's spoken into your life today.
No prob! I'm just pissed I'm having so much trouble weeding through to find the REAL apartments!
I got 3 new bikinis and new shorts and strapless shirts we gonna look HOT (; lol
I'm not even on bro bro
good luck!!
lunch with my mom
"Fresh off the jet to the 'jects, where the G's at ? What'chu know about that ?"
fallow back.
my bff she thinks its funny that i get bullied
Cannot recommend more highly. Wonderful talk to my class Fantastic info& ideas on new media and Arab Spring.
No doubt just let me know when and where.
Can't wait to see the rest of the Mix n Mash boards arrive tomorrow! Have you turned yours in yet?
Come on out to the Rib Cage and have a drink with and myself!
DONATIONS TODAY & EVERY THURSDAY R ONLY 35.00 FOR ALL 8TH'S! 'H.H.A. 1400 S. Olive. L.A, CA. (213)746-4445! COME & LET US SHOW U COMPASSION
yes. Happy that Sabrina came second she gets $100,000
Is MISS BALA considered a 2012 release in th U.S. now?
concert went great ! I sang my heart out. (:
Trying to record an interview with one of the stars of Hunger Games and wouldn't you know... Our equipment isn't working. UGH
word. the sh*t looks like a DJ Big Mike mix-tape cover.
ha! no worries.
You are the Man
You have to watch it. Xoxo 💗
“: ...a show about #libraries would be so much funnier! #alamw12” // Maybe of #unshelved could pitch it
At foreign exchange show with Good music, company and food.
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it. -Unknown Author
Fun fact about me.. I love talking trash in different languages lol...
I find it seriously hard to believe that Lady Gaga listens to Springsteen. In more believable news, Kim Kardasian is joining a convent.
so nice meeting you as well thanks for coming out! sorry we didn't get to chill more, we were runnin around like crazies haha
School tomorrow:)
Officially living with next year!! PARTY ROCK!!!
I got to spend the afternoon spending money!
At the gym :)
- 1,003 followers! You put me over the top.
The orange/ carrot/banana jamba juice is like having sex for the first time. The idea is a lot more exciting than the actual experience.
You cant legally drink, smoke or get a tattoo - but in over half of the states in the US - minors can get an abortion w/o a parents consent.
4 hour wait????
Recommend one on particular? And, what kind of room did you have? Thanks!
Want to WELCOME Shaunna Baldyga and Rosey Mattson to THE INNOVATIVE FITNESS TEAM!!!! We are so excited to have you!!!!
Hello my friend! Looking forward to "Talkn' #TEA ."
I get it in theory but fucked myself up pretty good last game with
not just any mall I'm in route to Potomac Mills... Pray for me!!!
True colors??? Wow
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
beliebeeerss!! FOLLOW & cause they follow everyone BACK!!
oh shut up! Haha
Heat so fuckin sorry
gotta catch bus to go out but hopefully i'll be there at 4-- you staying for a lil bit?
Slight déjà vu, but how many "photographers" are out there claiming to be PHOTOGRAPHers? Increase correlates to the increase of car traffic.
I swear if he doesn't shut up.....
I'll be staying away from the beer, but I can most definitely cheer a little louder for ya!
Just because it was 60 degrees today doesn't mean it's socially acceptable for girls to wear short shorts in public.
RT Hey Vegas! What do you think of our backups now?
When we blame we render ourselves, by choice, powerless. Accountability for our actions, places us in control of our life. - Lane
i found you. LOser, jp:)
Pretty sure I've become the annoying person that thinks having a puppy is the same as having a kid...only better
just relaxing.. what about u?!
this is set of dancer are. Good
: Although, breaking down the set after the show is also challenging, Feww!
Happy 30th! Damn, you're so old. 30!!!
My cinco de mayo=coronas+red bull & vodka+sum rum shittt l+shot of tequila+Li iced tea=a crazy ass nite=one heck of an morning #wishme luck
Can't fall asleep. Can someone sing me a lullaby?
Expecting a good TrailFactor showing at the Hagg Lake Ultra training run this Sunday morning.
RT ahh... nothing like waking up and going to SKI SWAP! a brannew pair o skis will do for this one! / ahh indeed.
HBday! RT : #Guesanumber 36 because it's my husband's lucky number and his birthday next week ;)
Glad you enjoy it! It's been exciting to see more of our staff members start contributing regularly.
Just saw a headline: #Romney Wins Illinois. Why is this guy entering a contest like that when he could just buy #Illinois?
Enjoying my second #FirstDay back working at #ProbateCourt! Today was Judge Dimkoff's bday, so we had lunch at #Maike'sBakery. #YummyPizza!
Watching 106&park.
JB & 50 carrying out the belts Team Money doing it big.
you're gay :p
I love you dearly BUT...lmfao
My 6th grader just read it and loved it. She wanted to bring butterscotch krumpets to English class!
RT : Wednesday is Bud Wild Wednesday. $1 BOTTLES and Taps of all Bud Products. Free Food at the bar 4-6PM. Happy Hour 2-7PM
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why they call it falling in love. You don't force yourself to fall, you just fall....
It's been fun Marine Corps, well not really. Anyway, i'm outta here!
RT : Buddy-up, #SCMS folks. Six miles from airport to hotel via cab = $27.00.
i found it! check your DM. how can a tech conf wifi be so bad?!
when are YOU coming to nashville
no more to be said now goodbye
“: "God takes GREAT pleasure in those who can trust His voice over their sight. Learn to believe what HE says over what you see!"
ahhaa that's how I am, 'xcept I'm the one late everytime
welcomes Michael Copella, Vice President to our team. Michael brings 6+ yrs experience in commerical real estate! Welcome!
Babies come out the womb knowing the imp of consistency & persistence...my nephews cried 4 like 45mins str8 2 get outta the playpin lol
Just a few more days until the Cats take on the Cards! GO BIG BLUE!!
Shout out to my college girl my sister my love
#IADMIT that life is sometimes overwhelming but #ImHappyWhen I #JustRememberThat God is on our side and is in control, guiding our steps :)
Definitely! I was still glowing from the happiness of having been a part of it yesterday! Loved it! :-)
Had fun at the community fair. c: I met a lot of middle school kids. They were nice. (:
My left eye is getting watery & itchy
awesome! I like it.
Not yet but it's most likely looking like the burg!
Setting up a time card makes sense. Unfortunately, if the complaint is Not Legitimate, it won't help. He said, she said. *sigh*
in your pants?
haleys house soon..
Hm, interesting....!
The WiFi at Alterra isn't that great... a lot of websites barely will load.
Love u
Sleeping in <3
Would you consider following the lead of by supporting Scott too? Thanks.
I'm for real. That's good tho. Keep you outta trouble. N I'm omw back now.
me too!
I just received two huge boxes full of Ralph Lauren petite pants and sweaters, plus adorable hats galore for Mom + Kid Swap!
I have lost my mind and I am making no effort to look for it.
hi Stephen! Diggin' your fedora!
Love and live your life to it's fullest
if you're a Bears fan, just watch the first half...
instead of complaining about student loans maybe these kids should complain there r no jobs for them when they get out of school
wow. No. This manager was completely disinterested in fixing anything. And your reluctance to assist is a little surprising.
Thanks for the RTs
This is why I hate the
The question was "what year was Valliant Printing born??". The answer is "1918".
I think it takes being in NY to realize LA doesn't even have anywhere near the number of restaurants. Oh and they all deliver.
- now we know we're at the right place!
So, I went over 140 characters.
I Love our 2nd mama.. and so do the other 21#millionBeliebers I loveyouu mama..and my bro haha I like that :)<3
is that like foreign language
Best advice of the day: "you're too young to give up on what you want to do...everyone's too young to give up."
THNX! for havin a contest for me to win tix to Time Stands Still cuz im broke n really wanted 2 c b4 close!
tons of homework i should be doing
yep, we both leo's. lol
#TapThat RT: There is still a small amount of #KnuckleSandwich in the keg, come and get it while you can!
Tomorrow, I'll go an entire day without texting any guys...
THE AGGIE
my names Josiah btw
I can't imagine what would happen if God forbid something happened to those boys. How could I even THINK of wishing that on someone else?
So maybe it's true
Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Mothers day would be right before I get paid too, but my job is the only job in the world that pays on a Monday
A kick in the balls is over 9000 del (units) of pain, which is like giving birth to 160 kids and fracturing up to 3200 bones at a time.
Top night at concert in #Chicago I still cannot believe how #amazing it was! Still buzzing!! Until next time lads! :) xx
JUST RUN TO THE AORPORT
Have a tremendous opportunity in front of us today to put us in great position for conference tourney. This is exciting! Take advantage!
that's the best way to know.. And thanks!
Sticks and stones can break my bones, but words can shatter my soul.
Okay :) im just practicing
This isnt my first sombrero.
Oh. I guess that might work okay for me. I'll check out the trial.
Is Briere serious?
Heeeyyy Love You On Basketball Wives
send me your tumblrs for a follow
Just heard first 25 seconds of #myloxyloto by Digging it already. There's so much life and honesty in their music.
its the way to go :)
well its true and i dm you
Yo #indy is bout to see some big names when the Miami Heat travel to naptown for the playoffs!
And on another note I just got an invite to a reunion for my high school class. Ew, why would I want to see any of those people lolzz
I don't hate you, i'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.
Bump bump bump 😘
thats why im sad GB's gettin rid of you,,,
haha love it!
Dear 5th grader that "hates to be single" get the fuck over it.
How wait till the final episode to watch #DesperateHousewives 😒
glad you had a good time. I for sure need to make a trip up there
Awesome #laopensource sprint! It was a great success. So many deployments! Thank you for sponsorship!
im_sexy_awsome is the user can u goe on meez n i will meet u in im_sexy_awsomes room
love this article! So true. Thanks. Have a great day!!
is so cool she goes to sonic happy hour AND starbucks happy hour all in one trip. 💃
The calls are starting...
So, the avengers was awesome... :) I'm in love with Thor and iron man!
Did you learn nothing from the ManCity game? is the ManCity of the Welfare League! (sorry )
Three week left to go on this water
#B1GTourney. Burke is most aware guy on the court. Watching him play is fun.
I knew it...travel safe
Landed in #phx 85 degrees here :) and heading to Scottsdale
Great effort & victory for !
Actually I bring one travel mug from home when I leave the house. DD is no longer open here 24 hours. :-(
Had horrible horrible dreams- and woke up sicker than yesterday.
I was confused when I thought there was a personality that can make me over look everything I dislike.
RT : food truck serving poutine, fries & grilled cheese on the quad for #Wonk Wednesday lunch.
appreciate U! #CubanDog sounds good!!
I should gloat and make fun of you, but you and your city are in enough pain as it is. Hey, you can always trade for Tebow...
I haven't been to the movies in a very long time, but I want to go.
My boss is the BEST! Headed to the Voice finale!!! :-)
follow back ? (:
So you just wish you were a whore?
Looks good! My son turned out a sports fanatic! He isn't interested in music so I'm getting him into cars!
Let the fun begin #loose Tuesday's
Aww... just seeing this. Thanks, Chris! :) RT : your girls are ADORABLE!!!
I ran into your brother and I'm positive he's going to tell you this, so I will tell you myself, yes I smoked a cigar :)
no kind words of encouragement, or words of love just "lets slam the person"
RT : Saw Sam Dekker play in all-star game. Reminded of Keith Van Horn playing at Utah. Versatility perfect for Bo.
that's why I missed your call, I was at the event. You are tonight? I am!
I predict that posts & tweets about #GC2012 by delegations should & will slow once the business at hand begins. #Paying attention.
I've had such a great day.
def feeling your sound and the beats thus far on that one- so soulful-
RT ...a girl that threw flour on Kim Kardashian was arrested on site. But the man who KILLED Trayvon Martin is still free.
Congrats to for winning 3 Golden Trumpets & 1 Silver Trumpet at 's Golden Trumpet and Silver Trumpet Awards!
Rick Santorum, not impressed
thank you xoxo
our pleasure! <high paw!>
U11's girls we played a tourney this weekend...0-2-1 on the weekend. My daughter missed sat. Game
I'm pretty sure that she will be back. However, she could hock up with the natives and start her own tribe.
Counting down the time until I get out of work but hey another day on the hustle
this is how we do it. A survival guide for busy moms.
I figured I'd wait until early May to start scheduling something. I'm so there though.
think #Browns would have taken WR with 2nd if they had expected Massie to still be available in 3rd?
Hooray! FL primary over! no more robocalls or boring attack ads...at least for a while.
wow that's so cool!
I'm definitely planning to go back and rent a place with the kids, if I get the chance.
#ABQ offers sense of place, sense of history for workplace of the future. Can be an #aerotropolis #greglindsay #DATABQ NMBW
I done stepped up my game, and sexed up my frame.
I missed that episode lol -goes to YouTube-
Afternoon Dolls. Holding on to negative thoughts only hurt you. Release! Be greater
so wht u doing
Stated/Stated Loans are back in Nassau, Suffolk, Queens, Bronx and New Jersey.Rates starting at 3.875%. Please call 646.543.5313 for details
“: Why would I mention someone to tell them I unfollowed them.?” haha
Just wait until he gets into high school! ;)
Straighten it up Pronk
Just sneaked into a movie, what a rush.
Can't stop spinning the new record. Really looking forward to his Live Lunch appearance in our studios May 25!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Back to real life. Great workshop last week. Pajama Game, website, and library work this week.
Thank you! And your Twitter profile pic is HAWT!
Hiding in my room while my mom and sister fight. <<<<<
want! I could not find any in a Philly wig store.
I can't stand when ppl keep up foolishness when da world is already fucked up wut happend 2.... #peacelove&happiness
Very true! I was impressed u guys were up&out the door in 3 mins. Good thing u made it, we would have had to left some bags behind!
I believe it's actually a verb!
I gotta keep my Xs in line like Tic Tac Toe.
Back in DC and oh my do I LOVE this city!
Doing some passive international recruiting - wearing a Winthrop T-shirt in Gran Canaria.
One hour and four minutes until this night is in the books. I love Fan Fare week!
come on when will there be a new mafia 3
If you tweet too much, they'll shut you down for a couple of hours. But you're only on like... 6 tweets. So yeah. :P
Welcome & thanks to my new followers; all motivated peeps
The battery on my phone dies quicker than a black guy in a horror movie.
I did have chlamydia while filming. So unfortunate, but inspiring.
If it comes back to you, its yours!
Tiger is back!
The new pearible site is almost ready - should be rolling out this weekend!
Friday Video: British APC Destroys A Minnesota House! | Defense ...
Was going to ask if you were still working on this.... always interested. Question is time available...
I've always wanted to get in a taxi & say, "FOLLOW THAT CAR".
haha yes it sucks and if i kept my twit notirfications on for my phone i prolly woulda had a billon msgs
We seriously need an award for most passive aggressive user of the day.
I think it is quite a compliment & +1 for the drink!
So happy it's Friday that I'll event begrudgingly accept the gray drizzly day.
Nicky, are you based in Oklahoma? Do you act or work as a commercial model? Aaron
had one in bayshore about a hour ago.
Hey guys there is a carnival in philly this weekend, $10.00 all you can ride at Erie and castor, alot of fun for family. Info. 2673228114
I love this boy Elijah :-)
@ Culver City Hotel and Bar.
I think it only had 1 year. But that passed last month.
who is sitting in celeb row?? Any G-Men???
me too, what we gonna do? lol ;)
oooorrrrrrrr #HappyBirthdayScoot or #HappyBirthdayScooter or #HappyBirthdayScott :p there's so many to choose from :)
I used the corner to teach the idea of sense of place.
really? /: I still keep in contact with those I was close too. And um its kind of the same except everyone is turnt down lol no
haha alright let's see it!!
Today I am doing homework at my public library. I've decided to spend the day as a library user. perhaps it will give me some perspective
Good Friendships are Hard to come by, cause people Change.
snowing in kansas i hate the snow.
Host UP alert for PSL-Velox!.
try printing it as a PDF? Bullzip is a nice free pdf printer.
River Valley results excite mining company
ROYAL BLEND Prod. is releasing the "R.U. IRIE" from the vault series...starting summer 2012
Checking out The Voice for 1st time. Why are they always crying? Like puking makes me puke, crying makes me cry. There goes my eye makeup.
you move on quick. ha, what a joke.
Congratulations to on being named an IBM fellow!
Snow Egg king&#39;s Quay among world&#39;s best
lol I know! But she'll be okay writing songs about boys who did her wrong! I miss you girl!!!!
Nice to see my boys are at least aware they play hockey games on BOTH sides of the ice.
lovely pix
of the best teachers I know AND she happens to be a librarian Thanks, my friend! Miss you!
merry Christmas child...keep your swagger on 100 sugar
7 in 10 Americans have some kind of fear of the dark
My #D-Lux Messenger Bag also made its first road trip to Pennsylvania and enjoyed the view of the lake.
Thanks for the mention!
looking forward to checking the blog.
I guess this means I was a total douchebag in college.
Thanks for the costume ideas! I am a cat burglar for Halloween. Everyone at work loves it!
A1 - Fans love behind the scenes access - show following up on players during off-season would be keep fans connected and generate $
Drinking a Port Brewing Wipeout IPA on an empty stomach to help me not feel so bad that the #Brewers stink and aren't a playoff team.
hahaha im not fanna play wit you
I don't wanna get up.
Tech & Soc Quiz 3: As businesses expand specialization also increases .~D
Same, but with NYC media glare, this is different than it happening in, oh, Kansas City.
dont know about a thug. But from the tape it def looks like he meant 2 do it. If he didnt, he would have turned around immediately
Someone follows you on Twitter YAY, a new follower! , *Someone follows you in real life* HOLY SH*T A STALKER
The most beautiful and most profound emotion we can experience is the sensation of the mystical
Thanks :3 >> “: Shoutout To You For Following Me :D”
I'd love that :)
Happy birthday!!!!
Selena Is Incredible but is incredible selena?
Everyone wants to be happy without any pain, but whats a rainbow without alittle rain?
they say l'm this, they l'm that. they won't give a chance, no. but l do what l want l'm a grown ass man, so please STFU.
Mike Miller
"as white wine ages, it gets darker in color. As red wine ages, the opposite happens." Did not know that, thanks
Also, a guy just asked me for my nbr & after I politely declined & he was walking away, she loudly whispered "creeper!" I love my daughter!
idont feel like it ;/, ill get it @ lunch
Slow connectivity at the Dome, apologies, folks. Missed a jam there, Synth for Rotties, Tata for Maulers, Score now Rotties 14 Maulers 4
nobody i kno or dont kno got a flow as nice as mine.
RT : My grandpa: "I went through your YouTube thing today, some of those comment things are something else. 'I'd like to fuc ...
bracey wright went to Indiana
I wanna eat something....Dont know what though
Every time I see someone eating (and cutting) pasta with a fork and knife I want to yell at them for doing it wrong
I will probably end up writing a song about Lyme disease and my two new tick friends, Stalker & Andrei Rublev.
Besides Final Cut Pro, what do you use on your Mac to do video jobs?
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles
It's funny how all the high school kids can't wait to graduate and go to college, but watch there reaction half way threw the semester!
good morning, still coping w/ my sister passing away
I don't belong in the movie w/ anyone else than my boyfriend. Other ppl do to much..
has lowered its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 20.
all candy goes bye-bye. There are, tho, loads of fun dispensers!
He was a rescue, so I don't know!
I'll be uptown tonight after work! I'll come find you!
MT : "$2B JP Morgan lost, somebody else gained," Romney, noting that no taxpayer money was involved <-wants to privatize SS
about to meet goodspaceguy nelson... hes going to colonize space as soon as he gets elected to king county council
Thanks for the follow- enjoy your TGIF
Well you need to hit the US! because you my friend is incredible & hot! lol :)
Sunburn can just go away.
Just the man to free the school from the tyranny of Free Silver.
The prologue scene will be released Friday, February 17th! this is an introduction to the villain Craw and why he wears the mask
My dad pretty much fed us Dinty Moore beef stew with rice. #Don'tJudge
Whats up fam? I believe we met in Youngstown man! You may not remember me but I wanted to ask if you looking for artists?
I saw a guy playing temple run while he was driving. He didn't get to far.
love your avatar!
Justin singing to "lets do it again" ......he makes me melt.
Sherlock is the best show on earth! You have good taste.
Y’all rambling, talking shit to these bitches You know you real you don’t say it You know you real, we gon feel it Ralph! - wale
Today is the first day I'm walking on my left foot.. Thank you Lord for giving me the strength to progress in such matter of time..
I hate when People think you Playing but be Dead Ass Serious!!!
Dare to be different, trust me somebody will follow .
Come by for a Perfect Patron Margarita.............. Patron Silver and Patron Citronge Orange Liqueur!
Um, shouldn't my co-host “ be in bed right now? Rest up, Blair - it's gonna be a party tomorrow on !!
late night poetry sesh...
Mandii_Mariee I texted him.**
Its people that get away with doing stuff other people dont because you get used to them after awhile...
“: Admit it. Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.”
I prefer not to let facts get in the way of my political views.
has great tweets. I read them often
RT : Warner Bros plans on remaking the 1991 action-thriller Point Break. Really? How do you recreate perfection? (Awesome)
Started the day powerfully on the prayer call with Bishop Joseph Walker. Prayer is powerful.
People say I'm a addict, got a lotta bad habits, love smokin that broccoli and I love stackin that cabbage.
Why do people always think my name is Rachel? lol
I love watching tech videos from Techno Buffalo
I never understood the rationale for insurance and home recovery apps (progressive/servicemaster)
sometimes I walk over there, then I come back...maybe do some jumping jacks lol. I love that part!
happy birthday to me!! :)
goodnight Ariana! Hope you're having a lovely night. Sweet dreams love you so much! :* &hearts;
I honestly hate bein single
Zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder.
You haven't missed your chance to become an volunteer to help give away 1 million books, but you only have 24 hours left, hurry!
What a long day!!!!
- yea she's good. So then what y'all do ?
That decision between going to bed, or staying up and eating awful things and watching awful television.
apparently my strings are fine lol, ran into Kenny in the parking lot. Maybe I'll come hit soon
I was gonna make a video of me singing but then all my animals wanted to be in it soo.. It was a fail
killer headache
It does not look friendly outside...
Haha gosh I hope you aren't listening to that somehow. I need to destroy all those recordings.
how is anyone a fan of this fuckin team?....
A lot of crazy shoppers on the road. Be careful!
Almost made a "trade Staal" joke just now but I`m not in the mood to be trendy. Need some din-din first.
nope, just me running on low sleep at the consumer electronics show. But the singularity IS near, in any case
About to get the king's tour of Woolen Mills with two Charlottesville sages.
We are expecting the new YZ250F in Sept & the YZ450F in October!!!
Is it wrong to copy "Fitter Happier" for my employee development plan?
Yup but god forbid you say anything because she's always right
The #Goonies. A wonderful reminder of a time before I lost my innocence. A time where lost treasure still existed.
Why oops?lol ha :))
For sure!!:) FLOW! lol
Had a great time last night with Larry Nathan Cherniss, Kim Watson Cherniss, Scott Grant, Ralph Rodriguez, Mike LaBarbera, Richard Van He...
guitar touches the soul, especially your own. Master your instrument - be patient with yourself - make huge differences in your improvement!
Hey Hope everything is good with you also...yeah I got some good projects coming soon.
Wanna be a part of this year's ? Let us know. Lots of ways to get exposure: sponsorships, vendor booths, & door prizes!
that chow ain't to shabby.
hey! Brea's phone died.. ;( Is the concert over? ;)
- Thanks for the love!
So happy to have given blood for the first time! Wooohooo! ...I need to go lay down for a while now.
Do people prefer giclee, or original, hand pulled prints? This is hard decision for traditional printmakers.
Why do you bother advertising your specials (like smokehouse BBQ chx) at store #24735 when you NEVER have them? Pointless waste.
Thanks, thats good advice
damn I missed you! Elbows are sharpened and ready.
Thank you for the re tweet
Ima see what I can do, give me a call sometime tonight
Beautiful night on mississippi riding steamboat natchez wish everyone was here
on using a #SavedByTheBell analogy for the jobs #'s: "i'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so scared!"
:( how packed are you? New any help?
In 1960, the median age of first marriage in the U.S. was 23 for men and 20 for women; today it is 28 and 26.
This month at the Washington County ReStore all individual cabinets are 50% off.
The Tom Hughes Memorial Concert DVD is well on its way to been edited. Lots still to do..but we are getting there!
I wish you had too!!!
been using it all day and it working for me
s/o to #follow this girl!
Happy to have you here! RT : Great people, amazing atmosphere, insightful speakers!
- come to the factory! Or #Medeco Canada might be an option.
thank you!. Rocking it.
RT : Just pretending to be Spanish as I say hola and wish my amigos a happy cinco de mayo
Stop by in Evanston with your #Belly card for $10 off women's haircuts! $5 for men!
I see a trade too. SO many needs.Keep trying to get 2 picks for 1 type of thing - like winning a lot of small pots in poker
RT : Try 2 avoid "shiny new thing" syndrome when working in social. There are many cool tools, but doesn't mean u need 4 ur brand
Beautiful day here in NYC considering its mid_December. Great day to visit Central Park.
Happy birthday cookie miss you!
♥ I Love my Friends ♥
Ace Garage Door Repair CO./San Diego is now offering a FREE estimate to all Diversity Platinum members.........
Anywhere counts;) RT : does the jersey shore count?
#WhyDoPeople try do hard to fit in -_- no. Just no. No one likes you.
bout to go to work for the evening, you have any jobs while in HS/college?
Rest in peace, Maurice Sendak. I loved your stories.
hopefully we can afford to upgrade the others when we get all those world series royalty checks! :-)
I need sum new ppl to rap to
- Cool, cool! We need to keep an eye for this! :) Can't wait!
#ThingsIwantTheMost A cure for the millions who suffer 24/7 Chronic "Invisible" pain in silence. We need support.
i love Make it or Break it,
I love free food at work!
I have no problems with GIRL on GIRL as long as they let me watch!!!!
how can i live in LA, and not have any friends who like the same kinds of movies i like?
This track im about to work on is winning
This. // MT : PR ppl: If I ask if something's been covered elsewhere & you say no, a Google search should not yield 3 stories.
My cup sleeve broke and unfortunately my laptop was not interested in having my tea :( fingers crossed...
there were way too many question in your request. Can you pair it down to 10 and resend plz. Thx
I know? I'm just saying.. He's gonna have bare walls where he lives.
lots of authors talked about having to write about the characters in their minds. I don't have characters, I have lists. :)
grub for me
And the sleep deprivation begins....😞
Fisher a traitor.. lol
I can't wait to go to Western.
I'd be sad
#hsjSEA Q: Can you speak @ the importance of being multi-cultural/lingual in the globally interconnected world of journalism?
Great weekend for WI sports!......Whats your next move Favre?
I'm OK with that. I like the realism. Leave the justice league to our comics. Some things are better left that way! Ha.
Was able to get long aussie yen. Hope Spanish auction doesn't screw things up.
Been up since 6 am on campus since 9 am it's not 4:30 pm crash mode
all the time. Thank goodness it won't touch my liver!
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. - Aristotle
if i can find out how the fridgid apples to make a video ima make a fan vdieo for austin :)
Who's stoked for Arsonists Get All The Girls this Saturday?
dm me the link to your page!
Have to give props to definitely the best way to get to the WH and back tonight.
I'm on vicoprofin but I haven't got it yet.
love all ur songs and u have such an amazing voice :)
If an interesting monster can't have an interesting hairdo I don't know what this world is coming to. - Bugs Bunny
G Bar tonight...the last night of spring break so come out and drink ur azz off!!!
Listening to Superman by Joe Brooks from his new CD Constellation Me. Check it out now!!!
Planing a beer trip to chi town would love to stop by and do some beer tasting and a tour
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
This may surprise you, but I've used it. Let me know if you have any questions.
Now THIS is beautiful weather!
Yes I also heard that deliveries were out in 2013 now. I'm looking forward to mine!
Change your Thoughts and Change your World... Whatcha thinkin?
Debbie Gibson turns 41 today. I liked her stuff in the 80's. She's talented.
stop what?
Thanks! And thanks for the great article this morning on the #CES as well!
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Alright folks, big shows next week. Make sure to check out Fit For Hounds, Be Honest Ruth Brian, Allium on Friday the 27th!!!!
Polaroid moments
wait till yall war the new and improved baghdad
But just so you know I am harmless.....[my cats have seen to that, amazing what they can do with claws *S*]
The Orange County Public Library will process my book into their system in the Local Author Section!
Proud to say I'm the one who killed Stormy Winter Stout. I got loudly booed. No regrets.
DC sports. Never the bride; always the bridesmaid who ends up puking all over the dancefloor.
hey did u hear Nectar is closing? Maybe Chocolate too
It's Hispanic/Latina/"Mexican" Mother's Day today. I'm missing her.
planning my high school class reunion & realized that once again I'll be part of the minority. there's only one quick solution: rent-a-kid.
that sucks.
correction: free chicken strips tomorrow. not today.
Whoa! That just kinda caught me off guard, but definately somethin sweet to think about...
What a game. Should be a fantastic game 7.
thanks so much Judd! RT : Happy 25th, ! My life would be very different without you. Thank you for opening so...
So lemme get this straight, you have a boyfriend&you're talking to the guy I like? Get your life together no one believes your just friends.
LOL did you just punch the little guy in the chin?!
European ebook sales currently as follows: UK 52%. Germany delivers 28%. France is at 7%, Italy 3%, and the rest of the continent 10%
Rainy days = good time for working out! I'll be back in a few hours..
Another day in paradise.
It's on my bucket list to burn one with & chat about shit like aqua socks.
what happened?? I mean u dnt have 2 tell me if it's personal if u dnt want to. *Bretana*
The best sound in the world is silence from New York sports team fans.
These animals symbolize street art that are part of occupy movement! Neat.
Working on med product sales trng; high level learning needed w/limited resources; need design that ensures self-study after; any ideas?
My teachers stay on the phone , so I do the same thing
Everyone has at least once dropped their phone on their face.
I know I'm not the only one addicted to pinterest
now that's a good time!
we will be presenting and hope to get the chance to introduce ourselves!
