Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
why do you think POTUS will ignor Us for the next 4 years if re-elected? Obama will get much done his 2nd of 4 yrs as POTUS.
Regis has lived a charmed life!!
hopefully get to start Dark World by this week...
Does everyone deserve #PR representation regardless of ethics? answers a toughy. Simple answer: "No." Sometimes it's right v right
Just gotta hang in there
#YourBiggestProblem is everyone listening to you bitch about this and that, maybe the problem is you
it was a toss up. I chose Heat cuz of the hoodies. Lol
cant wait till july7 when i get to see you guys in indiana :) its gonna be epic! <3 you'll c me in the front row i promise c(;
Dear food, Either stop being so delicious or stop making me fat. >.>
my girl is far more into sports than I am... I love that about her.
-- Do I have to go through some type of REXorcism to convert to being a Giants fan from being a Jets fan?
If you like dancing, you'll love the Ballet Folklorico Competition at the Plaza Stage in the Park from 11AM-1PM at Fiesta!
I would say or a Cubs game but I don't like to see my city lose.
We're going to do this! Thanks for your help!
My human loves this show, but in the States she is only able to get it up to season 12 (2009?). She keeps mumbling she needs more.
Strange headline. "Herbert says veto of sex-ed bill hinges on whether it's good or bad policy." Isn't that always true, at least in theory?
Holy hives :( this is torture
lol, sounds like you didn't want to admit to milli vanilli. Don't worry I wouldn't either. Oh oh oh the right stuff!
#FF #FunFitLincoln Have Fun, get Fit. Ever popular Lincoln fitness company, adding more strings to their bow. Inc. KettleFit
Preparation meets opportunity
Nice and thin. :-) I find my #readathon choices get shorter and shorter as the hours add up.
At least now we can never be teen dads...or teen anythings..
Don't let life change your goals. Because achieving your goals can change your life.
I'm rolling up the Window , while im smokin Weed.
If you buy followers, go kill yourself.
Back from my wedding/honeymoon hiatus!
Stuck in the studio. Jasper Johns, can you help?
I don't hate you, but if you were on fire and i had water, I'd drink it.
Knowing some of the principles can easily compensate ignorance of some facts.
If they're phony....
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Watching the parade .. (:
30 more long minutes
tomorrow is my last comparative primate lab dissection.
I let the cart go thinking it would be funny. Forgetting Sunny D cans were on the bottom. They fell off.
ay artists please respond I know a signt that wants your paintings
The pursuit of happiness is the hardest fucking trip ever.
#graduation hat hair
name-dropped at a #SXSW panel on the 'new trend' of Daddy bloggers. Making fun of your kids as column fodder = digital maven?!
what are your thoughts on OVWs new working relationship with TNA?
Only 3 more faith classes >>>>> It's not you JESUS it's my teacher
Peta ad uses sex appeal with Laura Vandervoort of Smallville to appeal to the masses and raise awareness on animal cruelty....
RealGangster.com: Where Real Hardcore Intellectual Gangsters Gather To Rewrite History Through Their Perspective.
Those are all things us white people fear, too!
Thanks mama! Have a good one too!
Happy Birthday to Nick Groff of the Ghost Adventures Crew =3
Canal Museum opens; High Falls Flea Market resumes Sunday with antiques appraisal - Almanac Weekly
Oh we had fun
#YouMightBeGhettoIf you wash paper plates to re-use them :)
Just went ham at Nebraska furniture mart
New Study: 9 out of 10 HS seniors looking forward to graduating & finding jobs answering multiple choice items.
It proves talking to delegates is effective. Did anyone even know Heyer was planning to challenge Hoppe?
I'm about to watch it and I'm so ready to cry
#ThingsIwantTheMost to move my mamma into that big house she deserves
MOST DEFINATLY!(L: and yess i know!(: even thought i might be on my ways to Athens:/
Summer fav turns into boozy pops as they team up w for special Pinot Noir & Sauv Blanc infused frozen treats
good job!
On my way home from Illinois. Long week but I am glad to have a job with a company that appreciates me
When you're a man blow drying your hair makes you feel gay, that's why I just use it on my pubes.
and I will all be in San Diego tomorrow!!!!
Just tried the Havana club barrel proof cuban rum, wow, may be time to finally lift that trade embargo, shit is amazing
RT : Text RED CROSS 9099 give boosie a s/o && I'll think about it
the only "Very Short Introduction" book that I really wanna translate to Persian has no chance of getting published in Iran!:
Building!!! Stay tuned!!
Doritos Locos Tacos make me happy!!!
This will #ChangeYourWorld. Time for !
Now, which would be easier, all us crazies coming to see you in NYC, or you coming to Chicago? :P
If I can find that wormhole, that would save on airfare visiting folks back east! But, do you have Voodoo Donuts?
love it and I think I'm with the wrong sister lol
❤RT : Have a great Mother's Day weekend! Thanks to all you moms who help keep kids healthy and happy.
The most gorgeous day of spring thus far...the sunshine and breeze combo is wonderful. Love being outside on days like this!!
Crafty Underdog Event 11/16 11a-5p Mcmenamins Mission Theatre. Come check it out...crafty goods,beer,music
yes i think so too
Remember I am always ahead....
Theres always that one thirsty ass bitch on facebook.. Callate la boca puta.
thank you!! It's a growing movement amongst faith-based organizations. Student perceptions have been intriguing.
Not him too what?
okay I'll ask her :)
Have a good day, everyone!
yeah havent been back on my laptop to check the link. I will as soon as I can
man it's COLD
I saw a "Stop ginger face" sign near my side of the court and realized they were talking about Griffin, not ...
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay When you have to walk on egg shells in a relationship or friendship clearly its a bad egg...right..?
is a great supporter of the Uni and is helping spread the word from Hamilton, Ontario. We'll get there. Cheers!
All i know is i wont skate my supras.
cool meeting you at Horrorhound. Thanks for the pic!
No lol,um okay(:
Okay. I'll see what I can find and let you know.
Congrats to the cast of De Soleil. That was phenomenal.
Three days 'til our show at Pineapple Jacks in Gates (Roch). Friday night, 10pm. 485 Spencerport Rd. Bring two friends. And them two friends
WOW!!!! That Barrett audio is Damning!!! Can't help but think Tom just buried himself.
"King Kong aint got s--- on me" RT yall know I will watch Training Day right now. Again. Once more.
is that the determining factor? LOL!
It’s Tasting Tuesdays today! Stop by and get four courses served omakase style (chef's choice) for $40, $55 with Ty Ku Sake cocktail pairing
12 more days until I report to the MTC :)
what imma get my mom & grandmas for mothers day ?
yeah it sounds great cause I don't like to be judged lol :) well imma go get some z's. C ya 2morrow!
Lol we were both a lil late its all love
Buffalo Cantina tonight in Southlake! Come hang out
known, get big marketing
need you to help me with this Epson 845 with the wireless. Killer printer
your a beast
Big loose leaf cup of tea for me! Got tons of work to do today.
Just tapped the broccoli cheese soup. Yum
Never underestimate the power of the Audra.
I love Cher as well (if u couldn't tell) and I'll be in Philly for a 1D concert May 27-29!
I miss you!! I hope you have a wonderful holiday : )
All I wanna do is play video games...
Thanks, anywhere I can listen to some stuff?
: what other states has it been in and what is its success rate? And why make chick beer?
I'm so very excited to kick it he j.kap music project into full gear again starting Tuesday.
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else. - Ann Landers
Some breakfast would be nice
Heard Broad Axe's new brew will be: "Essence de Ryan" (must be said with french accent)
RT : Discussion too good to limit to 2011! The #casesmc11 hashtag is officially shortened to #casesmc. Keep the traffic going!
So now has a leaderboard. I can hardly contain my excitement.
hello arnold
hell of a set knight! Thank you for playing crazy girl made my gf's night. You guys rock!
I'll take that bet and raise you a hacky sack.
fascinating #miami #premiere 2nite of w/ live via skype from L.A. #MIFF audience loved the film!!!
bro this nigga said some shit that mad u go daaaaamm
I'm listening to Wnur, 89.3 and they are playing some really good underground music.
its gotta turn into more than just a hobby bro
You can always come up from California for the weekend! Great excuse to get out of town!!
Finally sitting down t read Girlfriends over at
Let's get at those singles my G ( )
that's it?
Hey - Can you make "New Beat" available to download as a ring tone, pretty please? It's by birthday today! It'd sound so nice.
But, yeah, I get that they're in the business of making equity investments, not fixed-income asset management.
About to catch at The Comedy Cellar with ! Um, he plays a chauffeur in that Jay-Z/Kanye music video...?
Further instructions are: "Please remain calm. There is no known threat of an emergency at this time." Alarms still going off.
I will hold on to every word I had the pleasure of hearing from one of Betty Roberts last speeches. Champion for women and Oregon. RIP.
Exactly! RT :-) aren't they all the same movie RT : Is there any Jason Statham film I won't watch? No there isn't.
thank you :)
hey gorgeous ;-)
. This phenomenon puts a smile on my face, too. He continues to be a one-man stereotype-busting machine.
shut up, we're just annoying people like usual, and giving and more stuff to talk about haha
Off to take my SAT. :)
Sometimes you need to step back to truly see the whole picture so you'll know if it is really worth it.
here is a shout out from Cody in Phoenix AZ
Retweeting : Need a platform to collaborate with biz users. Suggestions beyond BaseCamp & Unfuddle?
Sippin on some redbull and vodka, getting hyped for Remarc brought to you buy the Recon Crew.
I inbox you on FB if your coming to Vegas lets definitely meet up.
is offering 20% off everything in stock today & tomorrow only. Tell them Leslie from sent you!
Jamming to "Best You Ever Had" by John Legend with putting a smile on my face :))
There's new opportunities for RSVPs nationwide to expand their help to veterans. If you have an need/opportunity- let us know.
Can I use you as a reference for a little volunteer thing. O don't know any one here!!!
Whenever I see a Pollock or hear an orchestra tune before a concert, I get so inspired I get this urge to sing out loud & paint 'til I drop!
...or: Real Re-Animated Wax Corpses Who Feast on Each others Flesh and Their Soulless Daughters....of Texas
Vernors is home to me. Drink it cold or hot. With whiskey, a Monkeyspanker. Or a Red Wing, w/cinnamon shnapps. Xmas in a glass.
I vote no - 8 weeks of irrigation, digging n planting have killed my writerly mojo. But if you find otherwise, share! ; )
LOL! I am pleased to report he didn't go over his allotted 20 seconds.
Damn, deserved that...there's still many more to come tho! Next year homie, next year for sure!
followers wuld make my dream come true. makee it happen? i'll follow bacck. #muchlove :)
missouri u
*Real as they come
PS if you call DC police it will take them an hour to get here
Sweet party. Good to meet the folks who work there. is the man.
Weird - works in Firefox and doesn't in Chrome. Strange indeed.
You're welcome, Ben, Marsha's also a very nice person.
Happy Birthday
#MeatFreeMonday "The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man." Charles Darwin 1809-1882
drive safely :)
I'd like to see more of the early days of Eric and Charles. I don't love or hate Wolverine but he's in too many places.
No problem! Go CATS! Let me know what you think?
but could Dalton's primary TV ads provide some inoculation from this RGA ads?
PS drinks soon, we are overdue for catch up!
connects mompreneurs and creates a village of mamas determined to show their kids that MOMS MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
Back in the saddle! At the studio-Mixing. Listening 2 stellar guitarist & friend Mimi Fox. It's one of my originals and she sounds amazing!
Studio or taxes...I know which one I WANT to do...
#vindiesel is still yoked.
Patio is open this weekend. Come eat and drink in the sun while it lasts! And we have fresh pecan and French apple pie.
Luckiest boy in the world.
"Never met a stranger." #truth Gotta love him. ;)
Happy Valentine's Day! Love is best described to me in 1 Corinthians 13 4-7.
This is your official NotifyAll notification. . .the world did not end!
Idk blonde or black can you help me
CONNIE, LUV U! HAVE SEEN U PERFORM 2x IN BOSTON.ONCE IN L.A. I MET U BACK STAGE. U WERE SO KIND & BEAUTIFUL! FOREVA UR FAN!
Ooh, I loved "Lobster." What do you think of it so far? He really captures the locale.
hahaha yup!(x for sure, where to though? I'm down to cruise far.
Anyone who reaches for God will find He reaches back, but no one can do the reaching for someone else. ~ Marianne Williamson
Fab. Design Tip: What type of lighting do you need? Keep in mind what you need to light and how you want that to feel.
there is def value in what he's saying but ppl sometimes take these conclusions as gospel.
Thanks for the RTs
“: People with high self esteem are bigger liars, on average; a 10 minute conversation with someone contains about 3 lies.”
Vibrating sounds (against skull) seems like an unpleasant experience for sure... I hope it all turned out ok!
all the nerds in the Chicagoland area are here! Hurry, Dave, you don't want to miss out!
If I say that I'm not able to give you something until Monday, I really mean it.
That's an eye test to keep out the old people. I'm sorry to tell you...
8th grade dance tomorrow<3 Goodnight!
should we stop by tomorrow or is that 11-3 Monday-friday?
#IfWeAreInARelationship , shit u better act like it.
What's up sexy bitches (:
The Rolling Stones are Charlie's favorite band. So, of course, I downloaded the Hot Rocks compilation for him.
We all have angels in our lives, sometimes they come in form of developers and IT support
Insolent child.
Sure, I believe, but that doesn't mean I'm going to change who I am.
GM Boss Ladies!!!!
Tieks: They are 'spensive and hurt my feet like woah. (If that helps)
#JMS220 Which superhero movie made it to the #1 spot on this weekend's Box Office chart?
Hold onto your hats! Conference calls are hard when practice for the show is going on!
Nothing against gay people but this teacher is a fag!!!!!!! I can't stand him at all! So glad that its my last day in this class
Happy round of 32 and St. Patrick's day! Let's go cuseee! If this game sucks at least the luck of irish is on 🍻🍀👍
come over when you're done with your test and we can make them together! I found out I still have work though later :(
Getting ready for some blue grass. Shelf Life String Quartet is setting up as I type.
- I'm going to #FF you're ass for a year until u get another show.
... If Nick Holt returns for another year, then I'm going with FIRE .
I'd LOVE to hear it!!
new on the COCKTAIL menu: SPICE TRADE (served hot or cold) {Eldorado 5yr Rum, Batavia Arrack, Housemade Chai Tea, Tiki Bitters}
Cool. Had no idea founder was a grad... see you in MKE on Wednesday, sir!
Culture is more relevant now that language especially when trying to reach bicultural Latinos. Thanks for your tweets!
Here comes the sun! (instrumental)
Today: AM clouds, a sprinkle, then mostly sunny & cooler…high 59
HAHAHAH, he's eight! omfg, rina.. YOU GOT ME ROLLING.
A$AP ROCKY.
As long as it's the 1st Gen or the Nook Touch. You need the e-ink technology. The color/tablets are useless outdoors.
A week from today and I depart for Kalmazoo and the medievalist High Holy Days.
ok ya le di MG
So nervous! Need a win today...go caps!
It is not unreasonable for someone to want to have a little something to eat or something to drink before going home. [1945]
#youknowitshot WHEN ZAYN GRINDS THE AIR
One word: InStyler.
Just made a blank ass trip
Back attchya! You're my BEST RT'er & I appreciate it so much! <3
Love this ! And w/ all this rain in #Miami, a rainbow would bring tons of #Happiness right now :)
I want to make t-shirts with it! It's such a nice compliment.
That will happen I foresee the future.
already starting to feel overwhelmed... seaside yoga under the moonlight at is just what I need!
Dear person on my timeline, it's ALEX that loves Sarah, not AUSTIN. Get your facts straight. God.
pretty babies(;
WEB ENTERTAINMENT ANNOUNCEMENT: Live tweeting as I read the half-correct lyrics to "Caribbean Queen" on some aggregate website
Not that it matters, but my follower count is wildly fluctuating today. Ppl are hating and loving me in rapid fashion.
“ Been talking to her for hours straight no breaks, crushing.”
Yo need to let my man put his joints on the site. Retweet if you'd like yours joints on livemixtapes
Just listened to 's cover "Pump up Kicks" I dont think ive ever heard a voice that amazing before<3 He needs to upload more!
My new iPad Came!!
penis lickers. i started counting down Christmas, first! :P
Hi Stokely, killer portfolio website!
Can I have this dance? <3
Gaga uses HRT and creak at the same time.
check out this band of sisters ages 9-14 do a cover of 3 Dog Night's Never Been to Spain.
& DJ Double O killed it tonite at Lalo's UIC. Thank you to all who came out and ripped it on the dance floor. Till next week Mi Gente...
I still love ya man.
u will just pray and let god!
Thank you for the RT!
the gimp is an awesome free program that rivals Photoshop. You can use it to make animated GIFs.
My bf is the best pillow.
The melody for "Yesterday" came to Paul McCartney in his dreams. Does anyone dream melodies? How do you keep from forgetting them?
I think it is a basic politeness. My husband does it and expect it from other men as well. Maybe we are old fashioned?
Yeah, with that in mind PV should chill.
Hahahahah you are so lame...
Glad it went well this weekend!
“ I ain't perfect But I work hard so i deserve it.”
me too! i only go there in extreme cases. now that we have our own Seva i'll probably never go back!
I'm going to be couch surfing in a few days.
And when the actual logo says Sacramento instead of LA, it should be fairly obvious it's the wrong one. Lol
shelter that gets most downloads wins prize
i really want some taco bell..someone should bring it to me at work
#TrustYourIntuition RT : It's so weird how I'm always right... About everything.
Major plank action today!
Waking up feeling sick sucks
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Rebel America lands song placement for UFC's "Countdown to UFC 137" Congrats to Songwriter - Elijah Mills!
we love you back... and let it be known, we are good lovers.
Name of the 1820 agreement between pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions in the U.S. Congress. Visit www.americanlegacymag.com for answer.
we don't turn it over 5 times. I would much rather deal with SF's D than NO's O! #GOPACKGO !!!! But they are legit!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-02
Well, Tweegrams are kinda just like a status so we should've seen this coming. Tweegrams are retarded.
Hope the doctor can set 's nose and get it straight before prom! Sorry 😔
BEEN A FAN OF YOU SINCE DAY 1 here in LA please follow :( ive been trying for over a year
I have a mosquito bite on my stretched ear lobe. This is impossible to itch to satisfaction.
These tweets about Soulja Boy >>>> LMFAO
RISE & GRIND!: "If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." ~ Maya Angelou”
No - no I should not be seeing Rory's boobs. No.
RT : In #Acting, performance is the science of being totally prepared.
I'm Down to record when I get my laptop. My friend is still working on his studio not sure when that will be finished.
Don't make promises to me if you aren't sure you'll keep them.... It only makes me not want to trust you.
Thanks. We're pretty smitten.
you're welcome (: I'm glad you liked it!
RT : Cmon you know me... Don't expect me to stop being me ANYTIME soon...
hope ya feel better, weall go a little to hard sometimes hahah!xD
Good morning twits. Its my last shift before my vacation
Saw an excellent #documentary #film #Marley earlier tonight in #NYC an amazing look at the life of
let the words run through your veins and let the colors fill your mind until there is nothing left to do but explode.
Good we want details!
In the most important areas of your life, you cannot make up for lost time.
Tune-Yards @ One Eyed Jacks: incredible, inspiring, mind-blowing show! So happy.
so true,along with drive,ambition,and continuing education-keys to success!
Getting ready for "Extreme Success in Time and Space".
#aam2012 is hosting meetup for customers Hell's Kitchen on 9th - get here
Melina - thank you:) RT Whoo! Happy Birthday ! =) Remember, you were BORN with that amazing voice!
Exciting food news. Kazumi (former of Hillcrest) will be at Moby Dicks in KM on Thurs-Sat nights. He'll also be doing classes.
Sure...what do you got? you could email hello(at)massrelevance(dot)com
I haven't even touched my ATL fanfics in months. No clue what I even wrote about
Once in a while I'll get moved to do some exercise
I'm not getting high tomorrow and I never will and I take pride in it.
RT Fun fact: Next week's episode of Mad Men is named after the famous Sylvia Plath poem 'Lady Lazarus'.
Shut up, hister.
of course!
Charity helps Dallas seniors keep their pets
RT : “Our partnership with the private sector is creating jobs to build affordable homes/improve infrastructure......
Beautiful day offshore, maybe will see whales this time.
You never know who's coming by the suite..Cardinals player & country stars tonite
Hah! RT : She thought she was a pretty good phlebotomist, but all her attempts at success seemed to be in vein!
finally getting to bed at 2am - can't wait to wake up in <5 hours for a full day of shooting 2 shorts and dress rehearsal for TVM!!!
haha..tru..did you peep the socks? Snyder is about to make some $$ of him. Just glad #Skins finally have a QB.
don't those look yummy?!?! Little mini Pies on a stick #sweettooth calling!
It would probably freak me out too. Of course you won't find anything like that in the TC..
A daughter asked her mother how to spell penis, her mom said you should have asked me last night it was at the tip of my tongue.
Yes! Eating outside would have been a better choice! Jared's BO tweets are cracking me up, btw.
Im heading to Chicago Friday afternoon, & Indianapolis Motorspeedway Saturday. I CANT WAIT!! WHO!!!
Spending the next two nights at 361 McKee. Soon I won't be a guest on the couch.
If you would like this bronze tint option, please leave a comment in the "Special Instructions" box.
We're appearing in Chiva Town at the CDChivasUSA v. Kansas City match tomorrow.
You shouldn't be apologizing to everyone else.... i should be getting one.
She is awesome ": It's settled, white for the performance, peachy-pink for the after party. #sogirlyrightnow"
Very characteristic styles you've spotted, I really like the black&white striped dress with red hat
"all my swag in one spot" LOVE IT
you're not a stud muffin, more like a stud stick.
Healthy coffee for health and balance:www.energyconnection.organogold.com You wont be sorry!!
haha IK we should of gotten him back for hitting us...that hurt haha
I been chilln sup wit u?
We have 1/2 PRICE MARGARITAS tonight to keep the Fridas tradition alive!
Aw, cute. Nice work! Go Bucky!!! :)
Shavua tov. Shabbat is over in the "The Land of Zion and Jerusalem". Rainy and very cold weekend (Fri&Sat) here in Jerusalem.
Suddenly realized that my true ambition in life was to never work again, and that I had already achieved my goal.
Subtweet,mention,dm,text or call me.
Grocery list: Oreos, Cookie Dough, Dark Chocolate - making some post NY Pro treats =)
Why am I so obsessed with #NEONnailpolish!?!?
Singing at tonight around 930-10! Come out if ur in the area!
Thank you for live-tweeting my talk! (Thinking how funny that sentence would have sounded in 1995.)
i worry bout you gurll! you too crazyy! shyyyyt
Love these.
So glad I let win his only game of beer pong tonight
Lauren Alaina's 'American Idol' Run Brightens Tornado-Weary Hometown
broke like whats in your head!
“ judge me off information you know not things you heard”
just throwin it out there
I meant god lol sorry.
I really want to be able to RP on here. PLEASE. :(
Do not hold against us the sins of the fathers; may your mercy come quickly to meet us, for we are in desperate need. Psalm 79:8
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's most innovative events pros!
Flight to vail diverted 2 co sprngs.Thought I was gonna get to see .
RT : Most important part of that play was that Westbrook gave the ball up willingly and early to Durant. <- !!!
They wouldn't waive the fee until I talked to tech support, who wanted desktop control "to walk through it together". I hung up.
Glazing workshop on Sunday was AWESOME! Learned so much. My goal for 2012. Get some of my pots on Etsy!
would like to thank the man sitting in the back of at 7am this morning for yelling, "santa clause!" over and over again.
Just had a great show !
Thanks Gabbi!!! We're obsessed with you!
that movie did suck. I rented it last Sat, what a waste of time
I put mine up in my cube this morning!
*smiles* Thanks for sharing! Have a good day! :)
Enjoying gorgeous weather and a nice little Saturday! Hope everyone is doing the same--who are you routing for this weekend?
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo expect you to read their minds i dont have the ability to read minds only if i know what you where thinking hm...
How about a little bit of both “: #amasummit Are you stubborn or persistent?”
you watching the FA cup final?!
RT We would like to thank for listing Aruba May 3-7, 2012
nice! We're going to see it Sunday. I'm excited.
Need more followers
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.. <3 - Adele :)
Follow me please :D.,
yea and the venue its at is legit.. All big
RT Trouble finds those who look for it
. on #socmed for #nonprofit orgs: would YOU want to read the content you're posting? If not, you're doing something wrong.
totally! At the hair salon today, nails tomorrow! Maintenance maintenance! Almost Cannes ready!
3Bet will be at The Bicycle Casino in Los Angeles TODAY from 2-5pm for the charity poker tournament. Join us!
Thank you so much!
Rarely does an age difference bother me...tonight I'm feeling fucking old & the kids are getting on my nerves
Lil' homey is sick again. This time its two ear infections and strep...
What time do dat end
>.< The 2NE1 "official blackjack" registration is only for people from korea and japan :(
We love flyers.
I'm almost to 500 followers :')
Wow, God seriously has a great sense of humor when it comes to my love life. Even when I try to take control, He laughs and says, yeah right
That's arguable
douche studies 201?
How about this...go fuck yourself.
“: I had dried ketchup on my face and no one told me smh” o buahahahaha
Thank You for your interest and support [] Please send all music to [ info at audiotreemusic dot com ] []
#FF to all of the seniors graduating from next Saturday! Now go change the world!
Not tired but I got Reach in the AM... :-/.
Niners offense needs to quit screwing around and help their D out
It's a tough job, but who is better suited for it? :)
Staaaaaaal!!! Goal!!! Oh yes!
let me know if you need a third white girl
Um. What did Kei Kamara just do?
Les has always had his wallet wide-open for Morey. Can't blame owner for not wanting a 60 loss team. Attendance is already bad
People Change In Life Just Like Seasons
Ed's need 4 impassioned, innovative, thoughtful newcomers= yes; grief/wariness about what is here/coming=?. If in 4 fight-yes!
How you from Detroit, but you scared of the "D"?
Omg, i`m so proud of you guys right now.
RT Demos at Honda yesterday and today/5 cities.They need to step up on HB 56 in Alabama.They are big employer there.just need to say repeal!
who knows, did you know werewolves also have hairy palms?
UUM I paid em jkjk i just came back and there was all these followers
imma go Wednesday for real
(500) Days Of Dora The Explorer
Perfect day :D the beach is soo peaceful and beautiful.. Just want to stay here forever
we used to have two cats, one named 'Red' and the other 'Sox'...Sox was the first to go, so we had just 'Red' for awhile...
Night = made MT Off the hizzle! RT Amy Goodman and Chris Hedges coming up on Charlie Rose in a few minutes
ya i just got on and ill be happy to follow a proud jonas fan lol
Remember when we started wearing red squares in solidarity with the Quebec student movement? #ggi #assnat #TAssembly archiving
your new line rocks dude, so glad you didn't close shop after your first line.
#needmorefollowers then follow
The Bus Driver Said I Couldn't Get Off By Your House -__- Sorry Grampssssss
#SometimesIGetSickOf "Real Hip-Hop"
If I had some free time... I would charge other people for it and make some extra money...
Blaise and I need to get to the park
Wasn't Prop 8 was declared unconstitutional and overturned?
Cast your cares on the Lord. Put your faith and hope in Him knowing that He has good things in store for your future
you're totally right, how sexist of me! Massages are all for fun, and fun for all! BTW I miss you!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Shout out to the nigga that keeps retweeting # you mudasucka!!!
Don't stop, KEEP ON MOVING. Let's Get It!!!
So in the mean time i guess we say bye bye
I'm back
Deerfield meet is running about an hour behind, just typing results as fast as I can.
Watching #OnceUponATime and loving all the scenes in the fairy tale world.
Installing perl modules to the electro-pop stylings of Stereolab.
Random persons house where are we lmao and others
you and are soo cute together :)
oh we've been getting on they head for years!!
sometimes a shoe is just a shoe.
Angry hands today. Weather gets nice...RA gets worse.
omg to bad I'm not dirty ... Can we say "high class" (:
A spider just walked across my desk, like an arrogant asshole. Now he's a dead arrogant asshole. Spiders are jerks.
I am royally #pissed this morning.
Open Court is probably the best thing on NBA TV. If you got it, you should watch it
Last night was brutal. I didn't get to bed until past one and I woke up all night.
David Simon to give commencement address at Georgetown. Speech probably won't have any Omar or Stringer in it.
would you smash?
I'm hearing someone improving on a Roland patch and a female singer and a good bass player
“: On our way to our pizza party #10,000recordsold!!!! Thank you to all who supported that effort <3333333”. Whoop!! Congrats!
I love you so much baby and I really had the best night.
It's like any addiction. She needs help for the sake of the kids.
Our website will be up and running this weekend in time for Presidents Day. Stay tuned!
Earth Day clean up today! :) So tired hahah <3
Julian you were amazing!!!!!!!!!!!<3 You did awesome! Love you so much. xoxo
can you follow me please
From a personal standpoint, safeguard. A person posted a pic of a comp covered in man juice. Last I head this was frowned upon
I'm chilling till yall calm down wit this basketball talk LOL
the thingy still didnt pop up D;
Always fight for what is yours..
wrestling isn't just a sport it's a passion! And I'm not a fan of wrastlin'... I watch for skill, technique, and the story
#49ers All The Way
Great event at Founders Friday in NYC tonight!
thanks SO much for taking us to the airport tomorrow-I know it is super early! We really appreciate it!!
Flirting with the cookout last
Hope so. RT : I'm sure you will soon enough. RT : I dont get it.
Watching Conan O'brien
Thanks homie, I'm excited as hell right now, it's still not registering!
After Round 1 of the #SpriteSlam my vote goes to Chase Budinger. Still think 'Nique & Dr. J should decide the winner instead of you & me.
Can anyone tell me what the streets and parking lots look like around southcenter?
The Anchor Bar would like to THANK EVERYONE who came out yesterday and had a great St. Patty's day with us..
I ate an entire tub of it in two days. I had help from though ;)
Thank you!! please come visit us! you two are adorable! Good luck w the new show, hopefully I'll get to see it soon!
very HD lol
Now let's do the nana part!
I have known teachers who purchased jammers to keep students off phones and other devices
RT: RT : "Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding;" -Prov 3:5//
is grateful.
Ladies and gentlemen, Schlitz has finally made its way to the West Coast. Let the beer-drinking begin.
Home from school!!
Happy to get the 3rd though #eupl :)
We play Rock and Roll. are very good friends that you should give a listen to.
Waiting for my slacker bros 2 come out 2 pine cove. Quit walking on the other side of the street and go 2 pinecove. -zax
My kids tell me Season 2 of Gilligan's Island is more creative than #1, is in color & says "the Professor & Mary Ann" in the song. ICYWW
There is only one brand of tire made for my car and its $130.
Thank you Nancy, for being your ubersmart, funny and generous self, and friend & mentor to boot. Happy to say it!
Great time at the zoo. such a beautiful day.
I did that with grad school. Work plus scholarships plus stipend for being officer on student ALA chapter.
For sure - after January 10th (end of CES). Until then, no time to kick back with the JD. Must focus...
Painted my nails green but ewwww I look like hulk 🙅💅
#sea Who has been the biggest inspiration in your life? Why?
#ModernMiddleEast test I will conquer you today!!
yep. You are definetly the last person to know. I thought everybody knew that one. Lol
John Shewchuk delivered a nice presentation at #CIS2010 - and it seems we agree...OAuth2 is the future...I love it
OH SNAP! A-Meezy aka about to start shuttin' down beats, HATERS SIT DOWN. (:
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. – Albert Camus
lol kill some boys AND Men!! lol
yes!! I am currently at my 1930 murder mystery party!
daddy says God will take it all away so that I know it was "him" that gave it to me in the 1st place..I really feel it
Just realized that last tweet was missing an "about", maybe you don't always need an "about".
what happened near your store?
Preparing to launch a new video to spread the word about www.iheartonenote.com
Time efficiency trials, Day 1: Gravity assisted rapid descent down spiral staircase - Fail.
she'd be hot, if she didn't smoke lol
if i had long arms i could reach the cabinet
No interest yet for SISTERS from our customers in Baltimore County, either
Whenever it is possible, choose some occupation which you should do even if you did not need the money. ~ William Lyon Phelps
--sigh-- Very stupid gas. I sympathize. RT : And gas. Stupid gas.
I don't know how I keep erasing all my texts..... If I don't answer back is because I erased it.. So please resend
WATCH OUT FOR JULY FOR THE MUCH ANTICIPATED DOUBLE SINGLE RELEASES FROM THE MINI ALBUM EP!
Her tweets are so ridiculous. She's outrageous. Haha
Need to drown out this whole world and turn on the radio and dance... <3
nah join in, you are great at nonsense, as our fearless leader should be!!
Just checked into my awesome room at Hampton Inn Huntersville!
Yep. Plays Grace Farrell. Was terrific in her first big role.
cool! Ralph aka Michael G. from is in ! Super talented physical comedienne!
thanks guys!!!
Gonna watch Joyful Noise then New Years Eve =D
Let us know who got the hook up on V-Day gifts.
nah guru.!
In a city as musicaly diverse as New Orleans THAT was the best you could do
RT : You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.~ Robert Louis Stevenson
Sexy people at track! :D ask :P
The job is motivation to get on the plane. Wine and Xanax help me stay ON the plane.
Early morning in Santa Clarita
My hint to everyone today, buy silver, like food the price is only going to go up, but you can't eat silver ;)
just dont settle for less, i dont have to tell you that a angus burger from mickydees does not substitute for Morton's Stkhs
that the only solution is military intervention, who says that peace talks don't work? | issue with
MYC Middle School students will be combined with the High School/College tonight in the YWC! 7pm!
This weather is simply perfect
Thanks for the mention!
aw u still got da last name there
Kepler Lucas :My "puppy-dog eyes" seem to have no effect on the pantry door.
it's ok no one has to know that you secretly wish you were us!
You should be my it girl baby
For a moment, long dark cloud formation reminded me of mountain range. So homesick for CA!! Now weeping uncontrollably
after what seemed like 2 years Jessica finally had her baby! damn girl
you got it... what size... pick another!
It's a cold, gray day and you're reduced to eating a microwaveable burrito with a plastic knife.
Starting my 5 day fast in the morning.
you watching any of the games?
I'm not sure where my patience has gone but I'm really getting tired of trying to find it.
I'm ok with 8-7.
That ROCKS. Time to go buy snacks! I wasn't planning on watching..
that read like something would have tweeted...and that's not a compliment.
My Klout score is falling. Used to be 37, now 28! I feel like I need to launch freekloutscore.com and have wacky commercials
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 21
I watch it daily...& love the music, so perfect. Hope your busy is good busy ;)
I think I'm gonna Mohawk my head for graduation ceremony. If not reverse Mohawk it like Marshall does before his wedding in HIMYM.
I had dinner with a really great friend tonight, my "adopted" mom, and all is right with the world. #StrongWomen make the best friends!
Joke would have been better had u waited until 10am to tweet that. I'll give u benefit of doubt assuming you're in São Paulo
Arrived in Houston, TX this afternoon to be with my Mother. I am blessed.
why does that not surprise me. I'm sure I will get to experience during my jaunts across the state
Get out ppls relationship , its not your place n never will me .
follow me you sexy piece of man meat! YUMMY! lol
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life. -Robert Pante, fashion consultant
I saw sleigh bells earlier this year... what a great show. Have fun
QOTD - "She doesn't even know what Netscape is!"
I may seem cold hearted, but that's only because of how many times I've been hurt. I refuse to let it happen again.
IGNIS FATUUS THE ALBUM IS COMING OUT VERY SOON!!!!!
I just tweeted the wrong eduardo sanchez<<<
Happy Thursday <3
ahahaha oh brooke!
Re: tonight's Bones fight: Mike Kerr & 1aye do not condone violence!
TEAM (Back That Pass Up.) signed up for: Summer Co-ed Flag Football at Lewis and Clark College Wednesdays.
I have to wake up at 5:45 tomorrow to go get my permit. What's this fuckery?
yes :)) did u have a nice time with your family?? How do u celebrate in your country?
The recycling bins here (NE Seattle) remain stuffed to overflowing as they have been since the first snow in December. Sigh.
no problem! :)
awww I'm sry. I didn't kno. Well I rely hope u get a ton better.
i couldn't find my cat sarah, then i realized i accidentally locked her inside the closet outside all day. poor thing. lol
#nowplaying Right By My Side by and <3
All independent artist of all kind please go and follow .... ain't taken no for an answer !!!!!!!
Snowing and sunny??? Oh New England...
It's ok. Blame it on
heard you had a bday... Tuhhh happy bday old man☺
you make me feel like a kid! haha.
I'm not the one you wanna win. Its a losing game and I'm losing it.
I dont mean to brag, but I take huge pride in my lemonade vs tea ratio when it comes to creating an Arnold Palmer. The combo is crucial!!
plz follow huge fans follow too come on give some new Yorkers love
just now on Comedy Station a comedian (Billy Connelly?) mentioned a "gay techno terrier" in a bit about dogs.
Squat Thrusts, or "Burpees", are a great way to incorporate some cardio and full body strength training into your workout!
": When breaking up, it's only polite to go out with a bang."
Ladies and gentlemen, LeBron James and the Miami Heat.
That awkward moment when you already know 's big announcement, but have to wait til they announce to talk about it...
And mine???
Wish Twitter would let you "like" a tweet.
innovation should be a top priority for everyone involved in the project. I'm not letting the account managers off the hook.
Thanks for the FF!
We shall work through this trying time together. We're one swirl away when you need us! See you soon!
It's been a beautiful day here in Washington. Hope it holds thru the weekend, though I am told it's gonna rain....
Inlaws are there to be a pain nothin personal its there job¤ shot out to mines lls
today I learned that Melbourne was originally named Batmania. I felt you needed to know this.
That finale sucked balls. Terrible writing. I spit on that finale.
Omg people is so sweet to me (:
Can a person with no legs allowed to say I can't stand yu?
Holy crap, I am just now digging myself out after that 24-hour readathon.
Leap ahead of most students (and adults, too). Learn--really learn--how to use "its" and "it's." It matters more than you might think.
I'm wearing a green sweater. I will watch for you
era mi hermana :/
Watching Lost In The Trees sound check.
Can't wait to spend Friday night with the best boyfriend ever:)
Crazy cool! Impressive.
Tomorrow is #GraduationCentral! We'll be there selling our discounted New Grad Bargain Bag with tons of great stuff for the #ClassOf2012!
#Brewers at #MillerPark vs #Astros on Saturday, April 23rd at 6:10 p.m. Let us take you out to the ball game! Reserve now..call 608-764-2917
One doesn't think of Garcia Marquez as a true crime writer, but his "News of a Kidnapping" is one of the best of its kind ever.
Yes, coming back home! Cant wait till i see land again! =)
Another aftershock in cville
Awesome day hahaaa
It was the first book that I read in Brooklyn & then I discovered that I was living in the same neighborhood that she wrote about...
Official lesson of the day learned: don't sext when her mom checks her phone
your so welcome! He's too cute! Looks likehe's having alot if fun :)
The Schaefer for Judge campaign needs a labor-friendly local printing company for campaign printing projects. Referrals appreciated!
Mean and funny.
I love Michael Scott :) I wish you were still in the office!!!
With My Acting Coach ,!
well get on that thang ride
thanks for the follow
and I are working hard right now 😜
I need a little bit of change. Gonna be trying something new.
Ok finally stopped hitting my screen while looking at 's tweets realizing it was a prank
Never heard of someone being in love then moving on so quick .
DVD: Port of Shadows (1938)
LIES! FACEBOOK TRAINING: "Perceived Value/Positioning Yourself As An EXPERT" Is Lying! Would you use a Doctor That Did This?
I Dont Trust Alot Of People Because Most People Cant Be Trusted.!
you must be jamaican. because jamaican me want to punch your face.
") NOLA is magic--just had a lovely evening in the French Quarter. Hope u had fun too sister! You were amazing on the panel
kudos on the nice spread today. Newspapers should take note, you can't beat technology, so report on it well and stay relevant.
Stress, stress, it's the best!!
Try our SIMPLE & FIT 2-Egg Breakfast Scrambled egg substitute, two strips of turkey bacon, whole wheat toast and fresh fruit.350 Calories
Omg just got the best new for you .. The McDonalds on 1st ave now delivers!!!!🍔🍔🍟🍟
you bore me 👎
How are you doing it? Codeacademy or just by teaching yourself?
I see I was about to put out a GPSA lol
lmao! It's like seeing a jungle cat in the wild.
ohh nope!! so it will be somewhere on my bday... (:
“: If you can't afford porn, just turn on women's tennis and shut your eyes.” Even with your eyes closed you can tell theyre dykes
packing up and heading to #oklahomacity for 's birthday extrrrrrrrrravagaaaaaaaaaanza!
congrats miss i cant txt josh today
ok... I didnt do nuthin to her so idky shes all mad at me.
reason we passing on WRs is because we have them,colt couldnt get them da ball
Nothing beats primary source PDA!
In Washington and just realized I'm 50 miles away from Canada... Uh can I go visit Bieber?
I could really use a nice cold ginger ale.
Oh, very welcome.
Pain during ejaculation can be due to strictures of the urethra and if there is infection in the ...
Off to Lake Mills for lunch with John Laabs from Wisconsin Broadcasters, said "Ill meet you for $2 hamburgers at the tavern, not sure where
I was gonna shower right now but I'm too sleepy!! 😁😁💤
"Im not really a waitress".....check out this scrumptious berry nail lacquer from OPI if u need a little pop of gorgeous in ur life!! :)
Just took all my MAC off. Feels good to be naked 😉
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
On the #Phish website, there's a balloon over Manchester, TN for June 6th... Wha?
A 10 year old just told me Ima dumbass o.o
I was born to be somebody, ain't nothin that's ever gonna stop me. I'll light up the sky like lighting <3
U said i won't make without u?! Picture that & as would SING "GET YOUR LIFE!!"
no problem. :)
Super Bowl and Crawfish. Big fire. Lots of fun. I prayed for no more rain. He listens, so all is good!
RT : "Suspending the campaign does not mean suspending citizenship." -Newt Gingrich. Too bad. //agreed
saw the last 2 and a half men show of the season. is jake leaving the show?
I did it
A Goofy Movie is trending. R-T if you have ever watched that movie before, or are aware of it. A Goofy Movie.
Thumbs up for "Page One", great inside look at the NY Times as newspapers fold around them.
Currency market opens at 5pm. Do not expect to much market movement as many countries still on holiday mode.
RT : Anyone make high quality t-shirts with custom graphics? I am taking bids for a project
I'm interested in drupal session. I need to yak less and hack more today.
the power of 40404 ~ awesome for small businesses
Those moods where you're just so happy and you don't know why > biggest smile on my face right now :-)
A girls smile is her sexiest curve.
Damn she got into a car accident i feel bad now for callin her a send off
MT : A bunch of folks want to know right now what you want from museum social media. Tell them w/ #musesocial &
Nope I forgot about the Emmy's & nope I didn't get that issue yet, I will soon tho. Have you read it?
Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I don't notice.
when can you come see me???? Cmon there's marines, the beach... What more could you want! I miss you too
Working closely with the reps. We owe the press for Tinkers to reps doing serious leg work.
#PennAW: What's next? 3 - 4:30 PM, Women Newsmakers: The Power of the Female Perspective, Sponsored by the Class of 1987
i'm finally mobile again!!! i love having my BB to drive! =)
Renowned Portland Artist Bill Rutherford's new Sculpture Collection...Success! Only 4 left.
Puttin the team on my back doe!
Inbound marketing kits including how-to videos and instructional ebooks on a number of inbound marketing topics
Thats more like it
my period is 5 days late. ugh wth
a bromance blossoms RT no, you come here and eat bacon
I just finished a 3.02 mi run with a time of 28:33 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm kind of waiting for a contestant on "The Voice" 2 say "Life has been pretty good to me.I'm really just here to sing and have fun."
can I have the money you'll use for the candles instead?? Lmao
Bitch, I dot know your life.
And there're these preppy people in front of me giving me the stank eye. Keep fucking lookin at me I'll knock your teeth down your throat.
This year o jump shots Paul's eFG was .493 to Parker's .413. There's not even an discussion there.
Saw the vid a few days ago--wow! Talk about being bitter..I also think that he's ironically displaying his own ugly imperialism-
she's adorable!!!
that's not funny. I'm going to have to recall the box of bbq I sent to you.
That did not happen yet darling, that's why I'm making fun of my buddy !
Don't forget the bagel sandwich on your way to work! Call for take-out or come over! 303-623-0525 Bagel Sandwich $3.99
To compare is not to improve.
Does anyone know how to set you tube parameters. I need to fit hi-def video into 16x9 format on a website. Please DM.
Met with the owner of Agency DJs today. Then got a job with a photog ive been wanting to work for. today was crazy but awesome!
I'm pretty good at ignoring the word "hoeski" now(not that it's a word) If it doesn't bother it's not gonna bother me either
Thoughts on #parking meters in your neighborhood? Working on a gripe about it for tmrw
Love Potion: Great song - tells a story (unlike much other music)
Anyone else think Charles Barkley should Just eat until he pops?
where did you get the nikes in your last blog post? having a painful time looking for new nikes. oh, just 2 weeks from the race!
lol don't say that! My friend made it!
the fake celebrities, the relationship advice, the sarcastic willy wonkas. its fuckin awful
well, i'm listening to Railroad Earth's Elko right now...
Try Amber Indian Restaurant on Market near the Four Seasons. We loved it!
Did you know in Houston, a cop can give a DJ a $1k ticket without a warning or db meter?
Thanks to the CR-Z's great GPS system, we made it to Memphis safe and sound! Look out for the Honda Sport Hybrid at the Memphis tailgate!
Agreed. RT : That was not a swing
Have a great Monday everyone! What new music are you guys listening to? Let us know.
With "Cabin in the Woods" following "The Hunger Games," "21 Jump Street," and "John Carter," 2012 has become a year of great genre films!
email for requested pics: THANK YOU!
Congrats to on the award win for Best Opening Line: “This is Detroit, so welcome to the jungle.”
Looking out my window at work there appears to be some A-10's flying overhead for
“: Rumors? Impressive bitch. At least you're spreading something else besides your legs.”
All in San Diego! just released some standing room only tix - u still have time to come down
I wish you hadn't stopped commenting on the World Turns TV fan page, You're missed over there.
Thank You Father For Your Everlasting Mercy!
RT : No plan is good unless you have some KPIs to measure results
Pauly D -- New Liquor Deal Could Make Him CRAZY RICH!!!
Thank you! It still seems unbelievable!
You won't be so #proudofbreezy once I give him the beating he deserves. IF he accepts my challenge. Time to man up->
about 20 feet for birdie, right? No video to view. Relating on your awesome tweets.
Mom: Why are your eyes so red? Me: I was smoking weed with my friends. Mom: HA! Friends! Go take your allergy medicene. Me: Okay..
hi Jess! Did you check it? :) Will we have the honor of your presence?
ugh me too he is fine AF!
yikes, ouch, holy crap, etc. "suburban housing prices may not recover in our lifetime"
hey Alex u shud follow us ;D
Bynum whines around and looks like he doesn't care too much. It makes me mad watching him play
Proud to see and are both dedicated to educating women and preventing poverty this #MothersDay. Support their causes.
You should stat a collection, see how many you can get lol
Trem - quarter draft night ? ;) how is your lovely wife? Tell E I said hello.
Magic words are "Have you moved?" It makes people think if they are really registered and if they need to update.
Jasmine V has to follow me on Twitter !
#ThoughtDuringSchool What to plank.... What to plank....
Don't tell me my travel is my only addiction. If I love Australia I won't leave!
Daddy just taught me some cool guitar walk downs on 'Dean Reed's favorite' :)
well your welcome (:
Sleeps just time spent wasting time.
Totally Agree. Twitter Spam Sucks.
I can't wait until my wive's birthdays <3
Serious prayer needed for my son right now ASAP thx.
Willem Dafoe is the closest a human will come to looking like a monkey.
I swear omg me and didn't know we were gonna see Janet Jackson nshit
Wow, I left the TV for an hour and a half, I come back and the Bulls are up 45, wow...
Apparently no one amused you.
I honestly would think there would be one there. I like the Swedish fish one!
dude, there is no way to describe how many years off my life some of your shots have taken, you are an awesome Spur! keep it up!!!
If anyone has a complaint against another, even as Christ forgave you, so you also must do. Col. 3:13
I cant wait till text monday!!:)
Let me ask this: what exactly does one tweet during a play?
especially with his lil weasle voice, that shit would sound dope with a dope nrock beat, but he's fuckin it all up. But koodos on bridg gap
As says, #roflcon is like Woodstock for meme geeks. Nerdvana for sure. Though we should start tallying Reddit mentions.
As information: our website, rightdirectioninc.org, has been temporarily shut down for maintenance. We'll have it up and running soon
next to you by jb & chris brown
how was gym
TODAY IS MY 6TH STRAIGHT DAY OF WORK
A winner of the Ducati has been chosen from ! Check your inbox (spam too!), you may be the winner! Will announce once confirmed!
If that strategy ever works out for you, let me know. Running the gauntlet of mall kiosk hucksters is daunting indeed.
Zuccotti Park looks like a homeless renaissance festival more than a protest
Yep, apparently it didn't do too well. I think an Einstein's will take its place.
the party is HERE tonight Thirsty Thursdays with host and and guest DJs drinks specials, beer pong and much more
I've been a bit quiet the last year or so. Now it's time to get loud.
design a campaign/event that can incorporate offline and online media and spread it via social media
first follower!!
Got a sweet hair cut!
I went to see what's trending and most of them are about penis's.. Hahahah
Hmm... I'm not a good athlete because I don't run back and forth to the water fountain every single time ? #OkDad ...
great video cover on call me may be - you and your band are amazing - u have to be so glad u have so much friends ;d
Lane Bryant last year I think. In a pinch, you could get Cafe Press to make ya' one. We'll open a store & be rich! :D
Should've gone with my first choice
Sometimes people are nice and it's nice when they are.
Things are falling apart again
please open the door I just wanna talk
I miss my black streaks.
Get head while im readin call that shit "FaceBook"
Creating custom module for Drupal today!
oh I see
Morning Everyonee :) Have A Great Day :)
that makes u...um... RT "When asked if I'm tech early adopter, I replied "I won't be the first, but I won't be the third."
Nothing better than a sweet tea on a sucky day
Well hot damn, son. I may have to come check you out live and in person and in living color.
Go #Yankees! And go #NYRangers!
It's a first. No one double parked in G St at 15th bike lane tonight.
Its raining blessings and opportunities today! No umbrella needed ;-)
Pro tip: when sending a formatted email, remember to properly capitalize the recipient's name, remove (dealer name) from body, and cont...
Late-night, Easter AP Euro notes. Yeah.
where is this loft located? I have a customer looking for a 3 bed loft space!
Saw #Avengers, a storm's raging, I have a whimpering dog sleeping on my feet and a talkative cat rubbing on my chair. Time to write.
please tell me you got that from who's line is it anyways! I'm not hot... I'm spicy!
the floor might collapse from the sheer weight of it! Hah! What were you reading, by the way? Anything good?
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there's an 80% chance that someone is staring at you. >.<
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy Nutella and that's close enough. :)
Bored as hell..Caught myself 5 dayss so I guess imma be just bored juring that time -_____-
I need outside intervention.
what's sups cuz
This nigga is going ham on Corbin up on his fb
Brewers game tonight at 7:10 against the Reds= $2 hot dogs and $3 Louies and Damsel cans! You can't beat a deal like that!
Milwaukee...it's time again for PLAYOFF HOCKEY! Let's get 'em tonight boys!
SEA, DC, NYC, NJ, NYC, DC, SEA. This is a good thing.
“If you aren’t fired with enthusiasm, you’ll be fired with enthusiasm.” ~Vince Lombardi
3/4 a singer I mean u was the one tht said #NeverSayNever and I live by that and if u could follow me I would be so happy but
Awesome! Did you enter on the blog & include your ring size?
follow the club
They'll be unhappy until gay divorce is legalized.
I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself the master of that line. -Andrew Carnegie
Did three things right: Online video YouTube Lots of content (hit singles) 8 videos a day--library
Need to be studying for this Math, but in all reality I just want to lay in my bed. Naw, I want to see Avengers instead.
Gaylord Stinchcombe is probably my most favorite fictional name that I have created.
un. real.
Let's go Tribe!!!
And the mahomies are SO PROUD OF AUSTIN too! Can you follow me please? Im a spanish mahomie and I LOVE AUSTIN<3
NBC News: Newt Gingrich will lose his Secret Service protection tonight
I can be such a bitch sometimes omg
Funny that #DaveBlaney is trending worldwide - I think he officially qualifies for interview now!
Happy Bday D. I wish I was there to celebrate it with you. Anyway have a great day~BAMM.
just another hoop to jump through
we need yue back in our life, come c us, and we can be BAMF
yayy road trip with my favorite girls☺
Woo! Got the break room to myself!
You were a great friend to me Ryan I considered you part of my family. I love you man
How do you fight it? How do you just ignore it? How do you just let it go? Is it even possible?
Follow me
thank you for the recommendation
You deserve your spot on How could anyone not love your personality :) So happy to hear you speak
plus u sexy, tatted up and u tall... :) <3 soo true...
Who shut down Wells Fargo today? WE shut down Wells Fargo today!
So great 2 see u honey! Thanks so much 4 coming 2 support!": About to see my girl Do her thang at #johnvarvatos store"
brave to take on an adele song - sounds awesome!
Our live coverage of the Sweet Sixteen in Boston, #Badgers vs #Syracuse, starts at the top of the hour on 91.7 fm
Practice tonight at 5?
HAHAHA! thank you.
This is a boring ass movie.
Having said that, I think the #NYR WILL WIN IT ALL
You treat me so bad but I still luv you. Kisses
And yet again, Google grossly underestimates NYC traffic.
unwittingly admits that Carter was the best job growth president.
yum! did you like?
Life is short. Which is why I've decided to celebrate Father's Day today.
Thanks for helping us hit 1000 today. Tell everyone you know about the film. Help us tell CSA survivors know they're not alone.
I have an irrational fear that when I open my garage door in the morning, I'll see a guy just squatting in there, chillin'.
Oops, we're :) #YouRock!
#MDSBW12 always wonderful to hear you speak!
its only paradise if you follow me ;-P
Follow back?
I have been confined to my room.
Some things, are just left better unsaid and kept to yourself.
Sorry I couldn't stay for the whole thing!
Uh that's not attractive....
Why does work writing require 3 times as much effort and distraction as other writing?
yellow not so great, our awesome as always, brought some to LaHinas for Jared to deep fry it but too busy right now!
I'll take punk ass nerd Dj producers over sellout DJs any day bro
FACT: if Greenspan wouldn't have fought against regulation of dishonest financial products in the 90s we would've avoided recession.
Thanks for the follow, I admire your writing!
Thanks for coming out Tuesday. Hope you give the site a spin! Let us know if we can answer any questions.
can you send one this way?
I was literally just about to ask for music suggestions myself.
"Can I have a grande-ass coffee?"--the guy on line in front of me at Starbucks
and back across the Narrow Sea with you Sir Richard!
RT ZOMG DJ AM makes a cameo on the new south park
I love gettin those "I miss you" txt frm my bf :)
it's clean now and I always take the otter box off too
Missing my lil Family
Nice! “: Will be attending meetings this morning of both the #SEC's Media Relations Directors and Chief Marketing Officers.”
do you have a timeframe for #google+ integration with your software?
Colombelle Blanc is razor sharp...tastes like a good switch-up for Sauvignon Blanc fans
When a big girl get married how can her hushband carry her through the door ?
Do we have to be associated with a particular publication? I'm a freelance writer/editor. I know NHLI is amazing...
i like a nasty ass clean ass girl
ojk text me when u wanna hang with me:)
it was me. i'm in SD! jkjk
I guess I mean C-style pointers like in linked lists? This should be in AnyRef, but I'm having trouble exposing it.
I'm reading #diaryofawimpykid rite now the 3rd book
There's an app for 1 of the cutest picture books out there "Press Here." CUTE!!!
How it going Bro will you follow us please. We would like to email you a track. #HappyNewYear and thank you
Shouldn't you have read Dreams From My Father before the '08 election? It's like you guys are just discovering he wrote a book.
If you were to redesign iTunes today, what would you remove?
I am So close to enough coins for colors in draw something. So close!!!
I am thankful for the high ceilings in the newsroom... It covers up smells.
is officially filing a restraining order on mother nature.
Why is a baseball game in San Diego involving two West Coast teams being played at 3:35 on a weekday?
then drink at home
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, how tf does all of that happen to you in 3 weeks??
A fantastic work of metafiction! ": 'Suddenly, a Knock on the Door: Stories' by Etgar Keret"
hm. I wonder if you're sitting near
polls are so much fun. poll: Obama today: disapprove 50, approve 41. CNN poll: Clinton Jan 5, 1996: disapprove 49, approve 42
Woo got a 93 on my first college exam lol
It's time for the post-lunch coffee...
Thank you for sharing the Warren video! Immensely appreciated.
OMG! Lmao I just saw this!!! Hahahahahaha
use to pay kobe now i pay lebron-jeezy
my cat is rapping at me. She's pissed we ran out of wet food.
#in The stars are wearing French Braid Headband why can't we? Here are a few steps to creating your french braid headband.
Not a fan, but I'd take Fenty & his tude over our other mayors any day. He's a doer! This town needs doers! "This town needs an enema!"
Lol I know right? Although the sun is still up when I hit the sheets.
Congrats to who were able to bring on as part of their team.
It never fails u can set my cup down in sum random place like timbuktu or constantinople an my son will still find a way to knock it over!
i get your point - not saying anything is good or bad, it is just a fact
Just Learned How To Take A Screenshot :) Haha
want to grow back my hair!
he really has a way with the ladies.. Knows how to do it the right way
put some backer in our mouths
A dollar an inch! RT : Tis the hour when tweets turn weird and dirty…
#ILOVEYOUMORE!! Lolz, almost got run over I'm crying so hard
Happy Mothers Day , Your the best Second Mom Ever ! (; I hope you had a good day .. & please follow me ?
no I can't say I have. I've jumped in a shark tank but I can't say I've tipped a cow. Maybe in 2012 could be on my wish list.
Alter egos unite This could be trouble, folks.
Some of these bath and bodyworks scents are nasty!
Every chick is whipping out in half pipe what the hell?!
bitch you gone need us before we need yo.broke ass
WMATA says: Red Line: Trains are single tracking btwn Ft. Totten & New York Avenue due to track work. Expect delays in both directions
ah well time to hit the hay goodnight noodles;)
I know I say this all the time but you really need to get into modeling the camera loves you
now you're just being picky.
Pat O'Briens at the Final Four think last time I was here was 2004!
same here! At least it's better than regular milk!
All damn she's heartbroken... I'm coming 2 the rescue!
I want to punch Buzz Williams in the face every time I see his ugly mug on ESPN!
I smoke blunt to take the pain out and if I wasn’t high I’d probably blow my brains out.
Excited for a fabulous Betsy camera bag from giveaway!! Enter to win at the Market all weekend!
I once shared with a friend a bottle of wine that tasted like rare steak. It was not good, not bad. We finished the bottle.
Why do British people never sound British when they sing?
only once I'd hope. ;)
I'm following too many people ... time for a TL sweep .
haha I hear ya, I thought I would readjust quickly to the weather, which has not been the case at all, congrats on the marriage!
I hate when boys break up with there ex girlfriend then get back with them a month later..
we all need protein! :)
If you were reading Henry Miller's Tropic of Cancer at the Dayton Metro Library this morning, I was reading over your shoulder.
94.5 is on point right now thoe :O >>>>>>
One direction no offense but wat kind of fans do u have. Not all fans might be bitches and i apologize for those 1d fans who respect the win
": Jeremy Lin goin to drop Lebron" I would LOVE to c that! LOL
My Aunt just reminded me of my age. Ugh...my head hurts now.
Had a great time last night at my BDay Party. Thanks to everyone for making it out!
It's always nice & a good feeling when you go the way of escape in temptation #GodBless tweepz, I'm gon..†
Wow... #BOYFRIEND!
Sign that the machines have already won: hour long classroom training required to learn how to use a new desk phone. I think I miss rotary.
You are very welcome! Keep up that hard work in BH!
wow I hate this school. so. fucking. much.
ahah : ) he followed u :D
can't wait to give you new tunes to add to the collection!!! 
One more night of work until my day off!!!!
<3 I like goin' in the woods, gettin' muddy, but that's just part of bein' a country girl <3
ok where was that
Incredible graduation today! 40 employees from 1 of our corporate clients. Real-world English as a second language classes. So inspiring.
July 21 is "FOLKSTEP" - Upstairs Folk: Tumbleweed Company, Sassy Molasses, Terminal Union / Basement: DWB, Juan Cosby, Dub Locks, Ariosa
Another beautiful day. Thank God for another day. Going to church to give thanks then It's a gig out in VA. It never stops.
Thanks for the reminder! ": That chicken fajita taco at Whataburger is pretty darn good, just sayin'."
The post-match thoughts post also gives an explanation of what actually happened on the Sapong foul and goal called back.
Have a great time Brian! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
F*** with me ONE MORE TIME. Hahaha
ABDC is going to be sick tonight! There dancing to Drake! <3
Ahh... To sleep perchance to dream...
New day, new week. I was not put here on Earth to be just ordinary.
I need to get a poster board for spanish
Philly is the most disgusting city in the world. Fuck the flyers! Let's go Devils!
summer means tank tops. get ready
well, glad you got it (-:
I follow (:
your hair is curly like mine<3
it's about damn time! I'm having withdraws!
you're crazy.
...i need a steady independent money making sex machine girl....lmaol....
celebrate by sucking their own dicks and justin was like wait what? no thats gross! omg it was hilarious
Smh the fuckery at the school.
I want Don happy. But not this kind of happy.
thanks lady! You will have to come back to support us
working hard as always
omg he died?
Working out of the studio today on an editorial submission.
when i get my 1000th follower, i'll be following over 2000 people.
hehehe still hoping the lakers will wake up here. Real soon.
I'm 111 pages into the Hunger Games-- really a great read so far. Plan to finish tonight!
I really hope we dont do out speeches today. It's Friday. Why do we have to start today?
use gloves. Don't want to get it dirty.
Youngins are working the corners around liquor store. Asked if I wanted to make $10, had to turn me down. 's sting taught me.
I'm not sure....maybe he is pulling his groin.
Know that wishin on a star can turn yo life into a dream.
Entertainment in the car for kids while you drive: License Plate Lingo - Come up with a phrase using the letters of license plates you see.
Molotov_Jukebox: Off to bed... Nat has to get to her next job in half an hour though...
I have nothing. But I have you, God.
Thks for following! -- from author of CLAUDE & CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET & MARRYING MOZART. "Hopelessly happy" best thing in world!
thanks Von!
John Maynard #KEYNES~English ECONOMIST & Fabian #SOCIALIST~BRAGGED about promoting the~Euthanasia of Capitalism|RT |
Real world is casting for another sf season. I hope their house is in the marina+they never go out in the mission+I don't know they're here
I feel ya, hon. I hate to think what shape I'd be in if I didn't have my meds. I not so fondly remember my depression holes.
Chesapeake Lodging Trust Reports First Quarter Results; Pro Forma RevPAR Increased 12.2% and Pro Forma Adjusted Hotel ...
Nothing better than having Cawood come on a random IPod shuffle leading up to the Dance.
Sorry if you were sent spam from my account, everyone. I blame ! ;)
“ “ Never run out of reasons to smile.””
Come on.... Dammit..... You know you want to respond!
Aunt's r the best. They'll help with things your parents just won't understand. Go Aunts:)
Agreed. Do I believe in God? Yes. Do I think we should view ourselves as "vessels" to jusitfy war in name of? NO.
RT me for more followers, me too.
I think golfers should do those on the first tee with one another - especially of they're on the same staff
Downtown at the glasses store on fifth
All of the above It was MORE racist against white guys. But it was also a shot at black guys. Im an equal opportunity offender.
Cleaned my whole apartment yesterday. Not fun but always feels great afterwards
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
yup like Hood but we need one every year to come!
No one is worth your tears and if someone is, they really won't ever make you cry.
Lamest touchdown ever RT : Expecting people to be celebrating slowly turning around and then sitting down all over the city tonight
Chicken salad with crackers 🍴💙
North Koreans! Ah
I'm only speaking in Spanish tonight so if you text me it will be in Spanish
Being sick 👎 ugh.
ALL ARTIST STILL WANTING A FT. EMAIL ME @
Good morning!! Rise and shine!! 😘☀
"Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown.."
Sometimes, I think I am the only person in the world who has the theme song to 'The Facts of Life' on her iTouch.
Come Monday, I'm back to my summer'11 diet!
Conference tourney starts Tuesday night at home, 6pm versus a very good Cornell team. Come out and support our players!!!
thanks for the props!
if I got the hours u sure can :) and thank you!!! I wanna see u soon
Remember a month or so ago when people were worried about the #Cavs making the playoffs? Yeah, that went away fast...
“: Met some cool new people and played some good ass beer pong 😁 had a good day!” and picked up clothing from Jairo's
The mask that you wear is just an illusions. We've picked up our cross, we've found a solution.
Saturday night special (guests): Pulp. Opened with Do You Remember.
On a mission for local fame. I lost sight of my dreams. Now I'm going to chase them down while I still can
put a bird on it
