Get down to right now and get yerself a 40oz of PBR.
So I heard that the Boston College Eagles are the NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Champions!!!!
Im leaving this sunday!!!!! bUT PHX AINT READY!! :p
I'm glad you enjoyed the mix! Thanks for living tweeting it, that was awesome to read!!
Wow. That's a burn on me, I suppose.
Be sure to thank your ex. If not for them, how would you know what a good woman or man truly is?
Dear John is on 😘💚it's one of my favorites!
: Thanks for the RT! Let us know if we can help you in any other way.
About a week and half ago, our drummer Brandon's grandfather passed away. Please keep him and his family in your thoughts.
Meditation awakens those in the waking slumber, then enlivens those who awaken!
What is it pick on Cher day? When will we learn 2 spread positivity instead of negativity? What u put out there eventually comes back
Only folks excited about $JPM news must be Instead of a free toaster you got a new episode of "Meltdown"!
Interesting idea...I don't think either team likes that deal
The cabbie, Dino, giving me a lift is an old time salsero. Avance, Julio Bravo, Boriquen, Pacific Mambo Orquestra on the way home. Nice ride
turkey bird picture
wow, crazy, insane, hysterical, thank you!
buying new pantone books. having a traffic sign fabricated. building out the studio. building interaction model. writing bio.
have a whirly great weekend!
why would they stress? #t101medialife exam is over, they knew questions in advance, and they already live the answers...
The fact that he knows im his>>
Adam Silver just grew a full head of hair when that 3 went in !!!
PoP NW DC GUEST: DJ Tatiana Fontes! OPEN BAR 9-10 & LADIES 21+ FREE SHOTS IN VIP ALL NIGHT! TXT me names 4 Guest List: 7034073810
Ok, I'll send it when I'm finished(:
If you find yourself easily forgetting names, dates, places or facts, bacopa may be a remedy to consider.
I support Tom Barrett
Oh my goodness I'm just now looking at everything I said last night when i was upset and I really said some hurtful things last night
If I weren't an actor, I'd be a US History teacher! :) And I'd totally inked out like ! :D
My grandma made them!!!:)) lol. Thanks!
I'm not that short :( i'm 5'1
Check you out, such and awesome honor! Congrats!
is everything ok.
Today I realized that I still had feelings for him.
ANTHONY. make these people some coffee.
And you wish you could find a place that has great wine and does free tastings eh?
In one word, how would you describe LaMichael's future in the NFL? Your responses will be shared live tonight at 8:20 on KPDX!
What's up Doc?Can we rock?
Gasser should have taken that shot on the arc, not passed off to Brust who had to rush it.
Looks like someone got a hold of my SideWinder email account. I have updated the security on it. Sorry if anyone got Spammed.
“: We forget things we need to remember and remember things we need to forget.
I don't care what my children are when they grow up, as long as they are happy. With the exception of being a stripper & pornstar lbs.
So, facebook is exploding with self-standing broom updates. And I woke up to one in my kitchen. Hm.
I've been away from Social Media far too long... Hello friends
I hate tests 😒
Stop talking shit! STOP talking shit! STOP TALKING SHIT HOE! NO ONE GIVES A FLYING FUCK!!!!
i didnt even see that tweet... text me <3
We hit 4000 likes on Facebook! Thank you to all of our followers, we wouldn't have anything without you sportsmen!
20% Off All Christmas Items! We are offering 20% off of every item in our Christmas Category. Enter Code GIFT2011. Offer expires Oct 10th.
The Cathedral of St John the Divine is absolutely beautiful! It is in NY!
Can hear the practice session going on for tonight's concert #TeamSvet May have to go snap a pic
Two days until the #CASE Indiana Spring Workshop. Always hope to see those familiar faces! ...
SF would make mad $ by ticketing every1 who runs the stop @ 41st/Ortega. Since it's a school zone SFUSD should get a cut to keep teachers.
I have to go to the grocery store 10min from my house instead of the one that's walking distance because the people there like to talk to me
No one ever misses me..
listening to the Dresden Dolls all day today
Heading to the ville with the fam, thoroughbred wit it, leggo
i think so but they are reviewing it.
that is too funny!!
Come to Happy Hour Friday night in the SKYBOX--$2 well, wine, or draft. Mention Twitter first one is on us!
Days like today <
Beef it up can go wit any song pretty much haha
Just admit Russell Brand makes you smile
RT : Be the type of person you would want to meet.
Your smartassness just got you "unfollowed".
Best comment about the frontman of Against Me! announcing that he's trans: "Tom Gabel will be the fucking man, no matter what gender he is"
Tho it's interesting to think what Sonny would do on that song...
(: and greyson chance. he's cute.<33
Fire alarm 2 in the morning?? Really -_-
for shoooo!!! I'll be hanging around the d all this week and next. are you having a home welcoming party? I wanna getchu a gift :)
Thursday works for me. When/time? I'm there. Nothing late night club style, though. Beer and chill place.
Doesn't it strike anyone else odd\unacceptable that all politics is on the extremes and most issues are not that simple?
;0), it aint no joke...but i cant let go of my passion for #vintage fashion...
::to stand amongst the crowd and have the strength to hold your own / to throw away the pen and pad and simply be the poem::
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 20
that is awesome! You inspire so many of us!
Any questions for Bob and Trish from the Twitterverse or folks watching the webcast?
I won't do shit on the street cause I can't get pulled over, but I love the fwy :) I just hate when ppl pass me all fast n shit
did I just see u at the GF game?
How does he do it?! Stamos hasn't acted on screen in like 20 yrs but he got on the Oscars somehow!
play Boyfriend - Justin Bieber for me(: and give me a Shoutout please!
We are very excited to introduce our new social media manager, ! Our crystal ball tells us she is going to be awesome.
It feels good to have a freshly washed car, even if it will be yellow again in an hour.
oh allie cool name thats hot
I really want 100 followers. My 100th follower will get......... Uh......... Nothing
Thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
Lost and trying to find my way,
how do you like the dorms so far? lol
If you thought at the beginning of the season that Betancourt would have more HR's than McGehee right now, then more power to ya.
line up is out.
Eric must be deaf. Beautiful yes but have you heard what comes out of her mouth? She should only take things in
So You're ready for a black eye??
my 5 year says "I love your songs and I wish you won last night." He really loves you!
yes I have
"Here you should have passed to Kobe. Also here. Next possession, yup - Kobe." (repeat) RT Lakers still in film session
What would it take to put more on the ground instead of cars? Serious question.
RTOREWARDS is your entire marketing department in a box. Contact us today! clientrocket.com/rto
that should be amazing! Tweet is the truth..
Brandy feat. Chris Brown....sure to be a "hit"
Winter is Coming,.. don't forget to have your furnace serviced and make sure that hose is disconnected from the spigot
What is the one race you always wanted to go to?
Congrats to Walton head coach Jeff Barth. Walton finishes off the regular season @ 8-2. Great job Jeff
watching sum movie name v for vendetta
like, but want a new incubus album ! RT Brandon Boyd- The Wild Trapeze..hands down!
Let me take you down.
what'd they sing?
Anyone have any interest in a VIP card for Pulse New York? March 4-6. I can't make it.
Good job tonight that was cute!
"You look drunk" gee thanks
thanks for sharing this!!
Women have a more subtle instinct; what they like to be is a man's last romance
I was just talking about your obsession with Charmed the other day.
Cooking Up Some Crack In The Lab Right Now! It's Bout To Be A Hot Summer!
Who is the best team in the AFC? #Patriots, #Jets, #Steelers???
I never go to bed early when I tell myself I will.
I cannot believe Obama and DNC want the people of WI to lose the Walker recall, won't put out a helping hand. We remember in Nov.
Thanks for the follow!
I ain't talked to my twitter besties in a long time u kno who u r tweet me when u see this
Book your Maui Wowi Hawaiian Getaway today. Coffee/smoothie catering to DC area. Perfect solution when you want to do "something different"
Anytime! I'm not here to only chase my dream, but to also inspire others along the way :)
I love love Mike Tolbert as a flex play this week
I think you're right, and they do offer a wider array of stuff than PTC. Still nice to see a bit of creative pricing.
Ohh yea!! :D RT got my Tampico juice &bag of chips ..
Barring extra innings the streak of 16 dies tonight with Castro
please keep the #DowntonAbbey live tweets coming. Now we just need to recruit
DIY, PBS Kids, NFL Viewers Generate Best Ad Response - MediaPost Communications
speaking at #TED about how destructive fear of failure is to our ability to innovate
Well, you can I tell I was a passenger in the van for the #lilacparade right arm is tan! Left isn't!
Well neither can I...sounds yucky, but you and I are omnivores. It might be yummy to plant eaters.
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
Chocolate hazelnut cookies yum!
She's adding her 2 cent AGAIN which isn't needed😡
We had 3 great workouts tonight. Some really high energy was exuded throughout the night...was it the Guest Defenders we had...?
yes! Wait who else is?
Hi. I have recently sent two e-mails to . Can you confirm if they've been received please? Thank you!
RT : Be careful what your mind consumes. You don't won't your thoughts to become ignorantly obese.
#FF Thank you for mentions and RTs!
thank you love
I better not see near a Knick out and about.........stay in the gym
Don't even want to read it! The price of leadership is always high! "Keep on keepin' on", Mr Blow! Your fans still love U!
El Bulli, 'world's best restaurant' serves its final 49-course supper. Tried for 2yrs to get reso.Never got 1 Congrats to the El Bulli team!
No working example in WESTERN history. Smallscale non-capitalist communities exist(ed) all over the place.
Any NJ venue recommendations to play at?? :)
so he claims. I didn't get any txt. I got him though thru FB
RT Ian Solomon #M4R #transparency through open data transforming government
Golden Child best quote "I I I I got the knife!"
Good morning! I hope all of our marathoners and half marathoners are recovering well today, and those who are racing have a GREAT time!
Sixers need a couple wins in a row
Bynum so immature-replays show him reacting like a little kid when Blake dunked on Pau-how about defending ur Teammate
Aim from your heart and shoot for the stars. via
no, amazon still costs $. RT #andypoll: Is Amazon a threat to libraries? If so, how so? If not, why not? Answer & RT plz!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
Thank you!
South Park right now>>>>>
You two are so cute together!:p RT : jackie<3 24/7(:
Yes, today's argument will set the tone for the future . US Supreme Court needs to uphold health care.
Work ethnic????
Wolfpack! “: Bills take WR T.J. Graham, N.C. State, with pick 69.”
Hi guys! We'd really love to feature you on our website. :) Could you dm us an email to contact you at? Thanks!
No! You are around this weekend right?
yes ! Shes just whiter nd you have dark hair :b
It Had to Happen Sometime: Involuntary Switch to &#39;New Look&#39; Gmail
i cant believe its over.. :(
Critical Thinking Across Disciplines...using Paul-Elder model of critical thinking
ie HSBC trophy photo... Boy you all looks so deleriously happy & giddy. LOL
I'm too independent too be a gold digger lol, I got my own...
- Good luck! I'll be thinking of you.
love you!!!<3
You seriously just pushed me off the deep end just now.
I just like to have fun there's nothing wrong with that
thanks Jaryd the midwest will never be the same...
I think you would have been unimpressed; I was thinking about presenting a game. Now I know the protocol, so maybe next year.
I want a standing desk.
Rest up, if last night was any indication you will have fun tonight!
Bucky's on a role! I have #marquette and #wisconsin in the final four. Yeah, I'm a homer.
the biggest mistake is to give importance to stupid comments.
RT Jealous: when progressives of faith stopped talking in that language they handed the Bible to religious right
So leave yourself intact, 'cause I won't be coming back. In a phrase to cut these lips, I loved you.
At home alone right now...Aj and Rocco running errands...went for a jog, now I don't know what to do with myself! It's too quiet here! 
intrigued w/ project. no email for an entire day?! who else in #unc system is participating?
I need sunshine bad. I think it may help improve my mood.
working it now !
Me+You=<3 Us
Oak Park farmers' market, pie-off at the Oak Park Public Library.
Oh... Thanks for being one of many, I get dat a lot. RT : Ew your ugly RT« Pretty boy swag!»
No word yet on when iOS 5.1 will be released. Feeling cynical about Apple event today. It's all about new and for existing, it's nothing!
Yep! And, the true fans can acknowledge that, let our players know we love em and look forward to next season!
Hey Twitterverse! Give these 2 #newbies a kick-start on Twitter! How bout a follow for both?--->
Gov Walker welcomes Gov Christie to the stage at KEI in Oak Creek. Christie says they friends and he's glad to be back in WI.
so you went from probably not coming to the toros event to hanging out with the toros crew all night lol
Welcome to LA - where even the valets are snobs.
I just made my first lotion bar made of shea butter, mango butter and grapeseed oil. OOh it feels lovely on my skin.
Thanks! It's been a great one.
The newish blue dutch master packaging is hard to open. I never get a clean rip off.
ive been in bed all day and got nothing done -__-
Haha - older and wiser at least!
Vote on Super Tuesday! "If I'm elected president, I promise gasoline will be free. And a unicorn will fill your tank for you."
Excellent plan!
Big thanks to all our new followers. You guys are awesome!
WELL....looks like today is headed there too. Fan..TASTIC.
did an interview with reporter from Baton Rouge Business Report this morning-do any of you get as nervous about this stuff as I do?
#RT "When you chase awards and recognition you will run a race with no finish." via
“: On my list: #justread George R Martin series .. again fantasy fiction”
There are two sides to the story
Does this mean you just got out of the shower?
it was well worth waking up to if it's from me! 😁👍 but alright sounds good. Be ready for all of us to chill!!
Um so I have a guestlist
Working hard or hardly working
. we do it because we love it, because it's a calling
Of course, Fox is not a news organization
BRONCO'S Sundays! Show ur FAN ATTIRE against the Patriots for a free drink this Sunday, 10/11, in hotel VQ's SkyBox! *open tab=free drink!
Great article. Thank you for sending me the link :-)
She never let me hit but she gave me dome twice that's that shit I don't like
You could be in a 9 to 5 job and grasp that teaching is your mission. Join an online college degree for the same and begin now
Really enjoying John Ratzenberger interview on He's really down-to-earth. Sure he's from Hollywood?
Gonna check out this Twitter/Amex sync thing at Wholefoods. I'm sure there's some Orin Swift wine there I need.
I'm installing a new Twitter app and testing it out to see if it works.
bitch answer ur phone
Follow my lil sister !
The day you stop worrying will be the first day of your new life, anxiety takes you in circles, trust in God & become free.
At Pf Changs for my birthday lunch. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
you should put info on your home page so people don't have to search so hard for it... ;-)
lol call me real quick
At home stupid bored
funny indeed!
I get it that you need to tell your loved ones how you feel about them, but consistently posting shit on FB walls is a bit over the top no?
Always moving forward.
Amare punched a fire extinguisher and sliced his hand open after the game. Left in a sling.
Jim Stovall is here with us today, sharing his amazing story. After hearing him, no one has an excuse to give up! Listen in and be inspired!
Loved your Comedy Central special. Glad there were lots of Hoosier English majors in the house.
Getting ready to fire up the grill !!! Nothing says Christmas like grilling out !! Merry Christmas everyone !! Who wants steak ????
thanks for a great workshop!!!
Bout to have me a #BudLight Lime Lime-a-Rita.
And many more! RT Join us in wishing a very happy birthday!
#mysong right now would be 'Where You At'. .- Jennifer Hudson
Hi Twitter! We're Nexus, the beer place that brings people together.
"You're beautiful, in his eyes" ~
I need a girl in my life. I wish my two female best friends lived close. , I love you with all my heart.
Happy Mother's Day from Bath & Body Bistro.
so very jealous! Used to attend the serious games conference every year.
I feel like I'm missing something?
RT : If you want transit service, just move next to it. It doesn't have to come to you.
So glad #sxonseed isn't live tonight!! Kansas and OSU are playing!!!!
well whatever Lakers have 16 championships so
this one?!
Thanks so much! Wish you were here to see it. Truly an amazing day!
Love until it hurts. Real love is always painful and hurts; then it is real and pure. -Mother Teresa
Conducted noise measurements via dosimeter using , , and community noise standards at BWI Airport today. Results to come.
#Raiders new GM gets 3 compensatory picks for this years draft. Good luck Raider nation ://goo.gl/trPvf
Lovin that my baseball fantasy team has Hamilton, Halladay, Bumgardener, Latos, & Kemp! :) :) Killing it
REMEMBER: Everything you learn about acting should become subliminal.
10 Balletto Pinot Gris. Sweet, citrus nose. Light body summer #wine. Apple & more citrus on the palate. Slightly tart finish 86 pts.
Chicago ed struggles: pay elem less to pay HS teachers more.
Guys it was just a sneak peak of their tour dvd.. -_- ~23days<3x~
Time for dinner's soup & sandwiches
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years!
Where someone in the household has limited abilities, a bathroom which comprises safety features will be a useful addition to the home.
she was awesome! And Us Orioles fans heard the famous "O" as well.
RT : "I went to a museum of children's art. It was all up on refrigerators."--Steven Wright
what do you mean disappear?
Here comes Phil
Don't forget to listen to WORT (89.9) today at noon for a panel on Waldorf Education - listeners encouraged to call in!
You will not create the next Leonardo da Vinci or Steve Jobs by testing your way to the bottom. We're supposed to know that.
Ones mans trash is another mans treasure...particularly my new pair of RayBans
PLOS only US based OA publisher
": Good morning! I have to confess, I've never seen any of the Star Wars movies. #starwarsday" Come on man.....
Pettis deserves the chance @ the winner of that fight
I love #TheBandPerry the lead singer is so pretty!!
Taking me forever to read this accounting chapter
Check in @ Peace & A Cup of Joe on foursquare and get the special for this hour is 1/2price on any coffee drink untill noon show your server
OMG SO TRUE
Good Night Rio! Sweet dreams!
when you're working so hard you forget to pay attention to competition and later, when you do, you sort of pity them a little? yeah, that.
I wish we could GRAB things with our FEET like our HANDS.
deal and you might be seeing me tonight
cool how did you like it?
Where in the world is James Truman? Such the golden boy back when, did he just get disgusted with the fashion world & drop out?
Thanks man
i wanna see nicki minaj shake tony bennett's hand
May 3,1952 Churchill made a radio broadcast on behalf of the Conservative Party.
We grow, we learn, we progress.. God bless this beautiful wonderful messed up life.
Didn't say it was intentional. Still very bad RT : eh. Helmet ricocheted unfortunately. Two week vacation pending
We all have that friend that never has a clue of what's going on.
I'm sure if Vengeance was written with Ty still in the band, it wouldn't have had the same negative impact because it's such
Wow kate upton, where have you been my whole life
#GOPWitchHunt RT : Were officials involved in Secret Service prostitution scandal? will ask Rep. Issa
Long day of shooting & rehearsal...but it sure feels good!
hey could you make a whatsername remix?? That I think would make a good one. :)
why do u call her mom lmao!
What do you mean I don't understand what you are saying
having a hard time sleeping. Not feeling like the holidays this year. Looking forward to my brother coming home from Afghanistan...
I just saw the Hunger Games.... I'm gonna have to borrow the book now.
I'll be glad when they finish our parking lot at work! It stinks, it's messy & I have to park in BFE!! Grrr
Piez: XML pipelines built for "lights out" publishing; but the humanities needs schema modification as part of exploratory process
why is dat...
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have. - Woody Allen
Boy: Suck my dick Girl: Why can't you be more romantic? Boy: Okay fine. Suck my dick in the rain. Hahhahahahahhahahaha
OK. Let me think about it and look at the stuff on your site some more to see what I think would be best/most useful.
if it happens... I wonder if it could be credited back to me? As if no one else could have possibly thought of it :)
U seem well suited in your personalities- - - b/c good and evil go so well together.
Awesome stories lined for the first full issue in September! Interviews with a legendary blues diva, balloon artist, and neo-folk musician.
Van Halen - Bullethead(Not Atomic Punks)
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Failing to allow the other parent to have a court-ordered visit with a child can result in fines and jail.
Feeling like a boss when the teacher made you the line leader
Tell me about it!
Some borrowers may be exempt from paying the VA Loan Funding Fee, if they have service-connected disabilities or injuries.
Good Morning, it sure would make my day if a beautiful girl named Alli Simpson were to follow me today:) I love you<3
RT : Give me a dirty look, my gum goes in your hair ;)
The #SASpurs are on fire...12 strait wins in a row! #GoSpursGo! Our new #Spurs social site is almost ready - stay tuned & get excited!
How do adults learn?? Find out in the Post-Conventional Learning Leader workshop now at #CLOsym with Bellevue University
RT : Just had the best pulled pork bbq'd sandwich of my life at carmel zackys..New Saturday morning ritual
Follow back?* lol
Trick a blind lady into walking into a closed door?
You #RObotz got this! do it for ! it means a lot to him! and whoever tweets the most to follow him gets that special prize... ;)
Hey, You mentioned a Jam session brunch on Saturdays when you were at the Federal 2 weeks ago. Where do I check it out?
I hear that one. I get to go back sometime to get my makeshift diploma lol
Falling in love changes your whole world, turns it upside down...
Saying goodbye gets harder every night.
I watch too much TV :P
how are u doing
Just finished a really really fun session for the new project!
Come on East !! Down by one!
I tried trending #ArianaDidAmazing :/ all the Arianators must be asleep?
You ain't gotta say bye bye. Baby, this is hello. ☺
Steel town soul will be at spin Bartini this Thursday 9-midnight!! We'll be Playing your favorites and some originals too!
Oh well, on to next year
Good morning Ppl
People with no imagination are the worst.
Ah insomnia needs to go away so I can sleep
I dnt keep them n long! Where da baby? I'm coming to steal him😊
Getting ready for the BIA Fall New Home Showcase!
I wish it was like the past
Boss and I are wearing basically the same thing today. We are both yet to acknowledge it.
There are real numbers and there are trophy numbers that we hold up as successful results.
So pinterest is pretty much the best thing ever!!!! I'm hooked
p.s. When can we catch up?? Wanna hear all about your wedding & honeymoon!!
"Ppl born square are not goin to die round"
How the hell do we know what we're voting on with the school budgets? Does anyone make an effort to explain what's what & how we need 2 vote
same! but too bad i can't be there today!
hope you get a new one....and here!
Enjoy the wonderful Sunday with Bottomless Mimosas, great wine tasting, and NEW Napa Pinot Grigio from last night tasting! Enjoy.
chicago wasnt going to win it anyways. he's high.
don't understand guss I don't need to play
Believe me, I would if I could!
Ready for summer 2012! So #excited to be immersed in #investigative reporting as well as sports #journalism. Oh yeah and some beach time.
Chus and Ceballos tonight in Miami.
omg. Do not tease me with this information!!!
Does anything really exist if we weren't around to observe it? :-)
how are we celebrating the holiday tomorrow?
Throwing back a Jeremiah Red with the guys and jammin out to Queen at BJs Brewhouse! Did I mention Friday is one of my favorite days?
One more thing, Bill. You aren't worthy of carrying Robert Reich's luggage.
Thank you for following! Yes, I will be careful of the lizard people...
ok fuck w/ me i need the malitia
"Your Love is thick, and it swallowed me whole, you're so much braver, than I give you credit for... That's not lip service..."
If it's Mother's Day weekend, it must be OK to plant your annuals in MN! picked up my flowers at the Bartson school sale, just before rain.
Hey John! Tried DMing you back but says you aren't following me? Strange!
you know it!!!!
traveling from MSP to LAX then SBA today. Haven't missed a beat thanks to your live action tweets. Thank you!
Ah wisdom teeth- I look like I have Minnie Driver's chin!
Just threw up and I have no idea why.
can the mayor be impeached?
I just saw part 1 of Angels in America and almost fell asleep. Idk why the second part in the first half was unnecessary
Still trying to get the hang of parallel programming. Have to learn to imagine what something would look like and mock it up.
everyone should invest in a locking gas cap with gas going so high
Any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discuss the Biggest Stories?
: I've got my midnight showing ticket printed and ready to go! I just need the days to go by a little faster now.
Congrats Masters Commission graduating class of 2011! Watching you graduate on live web-stream! Bless you!
I want to re-pierce my nose for like the millionith time, but actually keep it this time
Just because you can't sleep doesn't mean you can't have nightmares. #phd or
Of course i can't sleep
RT : KILLED it on the floor debate. The real tragedy is Rand Paul playing politics with our kids' education
- thanks for the good wishes. It was a soggy, thundery day, but a good one all the same!
that's always fun. Having some gorgeous weather this weekend so I'm contemplating a beach day too
10 bucks for amazon vod hunchback of notre dame? pfft i'm not in college anymore so HELL YEAH. and it's in HD, why is that even a thing
where did you find these? Must have them!
Rubin Toro better have a slot on WBLS after the merger
Next time you forget the punchline to a joke, just substitute "What? And leave show business?" Works for pretty much everything.
Absolutely agree about the amazing consignment stores in the DC area for my client's stuff. LOVE and #Inga's.
#ICanHonestlySay: Good things come to those who smile. Have you smile today? Keep smiling.
i was thinking the same thing Matt
…Suggests interesting possibilities for body-hacking. Replace your SCN with one manufactured to need less sleep? Swap it to match timezone?
FISHY FISH FRIDAY!!
Need some Merlot...
better watch his back
We are in a charlie sheen economy - general session
I know ..I'm sorry I procrastinate a lot at times ...
That's a great snoball you made. Hope your team responds to the call.
You are amazing!
There is so many ways people can take in my last tweet. It was honestly... I dunno lol. :)
im over here now!!
i said it would be funny,. because thats what happened before when people got in a fight on here.
Dang, the boss just called and wants to meet at the same time the #WWDC announcement starts!
“: This dude has no clue where we are ... And Is driving aimlessly around the middle of no where” hours away... Smh
Yeah, I just dont really know how to do it cx
I need to buy some real shoe trees instead of using newspaper and making a mess all over my closet
in the process of coming up with creative ways to get a follow
HELLZ YEAH I WANT ME SOME FOOD!!!!
Can't procrastinate on finding a place to live.
there's so much more to it then we knew as children.
I get it now
Thanks for all the new follows! Currently on second phase of #p90x (2)! Contact me for #fitness & #nutrition tips!
Turning on the 10pm news to see 'sa story about questionable government spending. I've had a preview. It's worth watching.
So impressed by David Phelps performance last night. Excited to see what more he has to offer.
ALL THE TIME.
I kinda love Zombie John Kerry
U SMILE :)
Any chance you're going to make it out to see us Sunday night Lounge?
its f*cked up how love got harder to find, but sex got easier to get
no one can see our love 💜 it's too big :)
My son needs a job. He has a baby! He's a cook & needs work in Fort Lauderdale area. Grandma going broke. HMU if u know of a job 4 him.
Yes, definitely! Can't wait!! xo
A5: varies by target, but too many brands over complicate. know what ur target wants first & foremost, and how they'll use ur app
for my Fam...
April showers are the new Tardis.
My 600 square foot studio at 7 tonight for queso and chips
EINSTEIN! is featured on RWD : TAPE! Be sure to stop by and check it out!!
“: cra-z weather 2nite! WOW! But ready for Will b there to help out! #excited” #rockstar!!!
Hey! How's it going? I love you!
Bondage rocked it. Serious bizness indeed. He skated most jams, no foolin around.
your welcome lol thanks for watching
its today people! revo san Diego tonight!
congratulations! they will be lucky to have you.
Dopeness. Thanks! RT: , , , : EFFLUENCE - Spoken Word (Poetry):
But then again change is good
I really am fucking pissed at myself
Making homemade stew, cornbread and sugar cookies from scratch. This is what happens when it's snowing outside and I'm stuck inside :)
A lot of impact with a little Spanish... Survival Spanish for the Workplace
Its the last week of school I really dont want to do anything but sleep.
Happy Birthday, Z!
Man o man. Didn't have my #CHIA today. Will start up again tomorrow.
thank you (:
Hey twitting world
On school nutrition: until this year, nat'l reimbursements for school lunch budgets havent changed since the 1970's. No wonder.
i'm gonna get a owl belly button piercing. So cool i love owls
apparently he should have had them researching how to save the affordable care act instead.
Just looking at him to see if he was okay then his dad picked him up tool him somewhere yeah.
People will talk about u when they envy u and the life u lead. U dont affect theyr life, so dont let 'em affect ur's
TRUTH! “: The first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.”
LOL! what's the gang sign for Twitter junkies? "Sac Tweeples, Yo! Bust your caps elsewhere, I have work in the AM"
Wow, it's a beautiful day in NM. Remember to check your watering restrictions as we head into the summer.
Red Velvet Cake yogurt. I am not fooled.
The Emperor Penguin’s New Clothes puppet theater show begins at 11:00 today. Bring the whole family down for a unique puppet performance
conscious revolution in effect x
you better fucking hang out with me. (:
I still draw my houses like that, maybe because my house is a box with a triangular roof.
One more day till the happiest day of the year! #openingday! #baseball!
Do I want your load?? I'm not a washing machine! Ask nicely. Do I want your male reproductive organic life-creating fluid? Why yes. :)
virtual participant in SLEDcc
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Personal librarian program at Duke sounds very interesting
I hate my freckles
Packing...Heading home in a few :-(
Awwwh, thank you, Jordan! I hope you have a wonderful Friday!:)
Vampire Diaries tonight! Yes!
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. - Anton Chekhov
How does one call you at work?
Getting ready to see Million Dollar Quartet at the Paramount Theatre.
yeah, Abbie wasn't being very cooperative today.
Follow upcomming rapper .
1 baby mama no bitkh no wife um off dis bouta g stroll
come visit city bible church again soon! :) we miss you!
Cool! A gov twitter account showing its with the times and following mainstream culture! Yay!
Watching devour a whole plate of chicken tenders. I'm afraid...
One more! Bring it home!
I hate liars For ever ignored </3
“: I tried to recreate the breakfast that Dexter eats in the opening credits - every time I watch it it makes me hungry!” LOL!
Like Break Dancing? Come to SECCA this Saturday for demonstrations by dancer Ivyn Holloway as part of free Community Day. Noon - 5 pm.
RT RT : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: LXD on CONAN this Wednesday, Dec. 8th!!!!! GET READY!!!!! tune in :)
Solid, solid list.
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband. ~ Joan Rivers
if it makes u feel good. Y u folo so many UK peeps? Still luv u tho.
Just got educated in
nice! I really like your band. didin't see your drumset though. what kind are you looking at?
Looks pretty cool, always looking for ways to get my students to read.
I KNOW! I want to get rid of them. And I hope your "ew" was said a la honey badger video - I'll think more highly of you.
haha yeah I only like history and that's it! :D
dave you know if any place in Milwaukee area to get wwe t-shirts cant find anywhere please help
Gotta have that La Nova
Going to bed
Nothing says "we miss u" quite like an itunes tribute album released within 45 seconds of your death.
I relish being on the cusp of a brand new year. So many new possibilities for new hopes and dreams. Love that we get new life in life!
I miss it, too! Best job ever.
I'm actually at the Sheraton. Sat morning works for me, before 9am panels; would Sheraton work for you?
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im upset.
Check out www.dexterlakeclubband.com
#mavs playing well but I don't know how long it will last
Menomonee Falls FD says brush fire at Lannon Rd was about 100yds long. Could've been sparked by train passing by.
Take my hand, don't let me fade away. Don't let me fade away, don't let me die again. "Voices" by
...and then I go into the basement that smells like a post-Katrina bait shop and put on a jacket and gloves. Software = glamourous.
I hate creeps
Going to sleep...Man, my family really need a taste of Jesus right now! Prayer is needed, craziness!
Calling it a night/ morning
Some things are worth being mad about, stressed out, whatever you feeling. But most the time it dont mean shit, only temporary feeling.
I can't believe they didn't self-combust while connecting that. That's insane. But yeah...not surprising. Did you call BGE?
Goodnight tweet hearts<3
Glad you enjoyed :-) RT was awesome yesterday.
this is so awkward
Congrats to Larry Richert, new voice of the #Steelers at Heinz Field.
Most valuable thing I've learned from , keep phone on seat btwn crotch when driving.
hello stranger
life my friend!
Exciting race this morning, unbelievable end to the #city game, I hope the brewers game can deliver some excitement
“: All joking aside... if I win the lottery, I will help the tornado victims. #nodoubt” Very nice!
I'm faded.. And I don't give a...
hope I get lucky enough to get a copy of the book lol
is shooting day two of Rese Activewear and listening to GaGa :-)
#1 As we tweeted yesterday, is to be interviewed by nationally syndicated show on no zoning in Houston. We need a cool location.
Bros: Radiohead tix. Who needs 'em? Buying for and myself tonight.
it's guerillamilk! gotta get my work page going but i miss you guys already :( lol
5 days left to fundraise and $407 short of our goal. Don't stop now! BIC, Taelor Varon and Epilepsy Foundation thank you for your support!
The same water that was used in The Rock was used in Baywatch.
gets sad when people hate on Selena alot, then you get so sad when you see Justin's sad but you're the ones who cause it.
RT - #Panthers have signed DT Frank Kearse from the Miami Dolphins practice squad and released G Reggie Wells.
Why? & Ira Glass made a cameo on #30rock last night
Amazing! #Dodgers down to their last out after giving up the lead in the 8th tie the game! Dee Gordon is clutch/Matt Kemp scores from 1st!
In Milan for the day. <3
is giving one of 's case workers a much deserved makeover today! So excited for her! Thanks WCIU!
Checking out Cool app, I hope they do well! And launch an API soon....
Whenever you need me, I'll be there.
Awesome! Thanks for the s/o and let us know if you have questions! RT : s/o to for the follow, got my own account!
Congrats, Stephanie - and best of luck on your new adventure! RT : Woot! special presentation for at
Is she going to jail or something? :/
CDW hiring in March
I'm stuck at school for the next 30 mins still in track clothes
Last day to get half price *SF > LA* shirts at www.WeBeGreater.com Shop now!
Talked to a wonderful agent who will follow up with me on Monday. Thanks for your help so far.
Thank you, TG!
I loved before i ever loved you. You were just a girl on Facebook, Jessica is my bestfriend.
That Chelsea-Barcelona game was so good that I had to watch it again after I got home from work.
haha thanks buddy! that's what we're talking about
TGIF @ the Farm...don't forget to check out our new strains and all new lower donations And our strain of the day is J27!!
Thanks so much for the follow! Enjoy you, hope youll be able to say the same! Reading Lehman & Greedy Bastards so fun!
Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker
good luck this year. Rooting for you big time
I finished The Sumerton Women last night. I was really invested in it. I definitely went on that ride with the family.
go follow she follows back !! :D xx
me :p
Stuck behind a police barricade waiting for the president's motorcade to pass through the area...
its a frosty kind of day
#Mavs get REVENGE tonight!!
Temple run
I always imagine that's how the fat guy from The George Lopez Show ended up.
More than 41% of people have been accidentally caught masturbating. interesting huh lol
Hater: "Justin Bieber is only famous because of his looks." Me: "Yeah, I bought his album to listen to his face."
your sister really needs to start listening to you:p
Where about in UWW is it? I work at FOX6... message me or call! 414-586-2166
Don't worry, it's not ALL about the bunny for Easter. Victorian-style Crosses are available in milk, dark and white chocolate.
so glad to hear it! :)
I can't wait to go to the Bahamas :-)
Congrats and welcome back to cc and
He could get Rafa, yes, but he'd have a 50 % chance of playing Murray in the semis while Rafa & Djokovic land in the other half
Get into today's 1pm Community Hot Class at Midtown for free when you say "Yoga Rocks" at the front desk!! Get on down here!
thanks..i need to catch up on this riot fest thing...so confused
HAHA sadly no I'm not a Belieber, although the name makes me kind of want to be...
the title alone is cringe-worthy
We are!
Thibs should put Scal in to get the crowd going & add some energy.
Happy Birthday Family, May your day be relaxing and blessed!!
Whether or not its true abt the CIA "kill" order threat just made against my life,we need2 know what officials r making civil rights threats
it's terrible.
Hopefully the skies clear this afternoon to get in a round of Golf
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
oh yeah!!!! I almost got all caught up. She live the imp!
Learning can be frustrating. Teaching can be frustrating. TECHNOLOGY can be frustrating. Will an emphasis on problem-solving help?
": What are some of your favorite spots in Disney Parks to take a break?" Anywhere! You're in Disney! Missed u guys today!
Getting ready to head to #Sactomofo sure the line are going to be long.
So Cute♥♥♥
you not knowing nothing about Cinderella, lol Monica still rules, lol
I'd love to see you as Governor of New York. I wish you the best of luck with your Masters. You are a great citizen.
is a handsome devil
are you gonna try out Risen 2? If so, what platform?
Thanks for the link...hilarious stuff!!
is a send off....yup
lol he beats his girlfriend and hangs out with bieber. How can you get any worse?
Thx for the awesome MT's!!
hey...in skewl! man i am so bored ppl shoud qet on and follow me
Thanks for the #ff...right back at ya!
fuck some foster care, I want some frosty care.
your so cute:)
nawww im at work now
Just had a great date night dinner with Everything was delicious!
the biggest challenge SM causes leaders is the real-time demand for information. This is a challenge for everyone however.
So, your arab friends (may they soon disappear from our Land) throw stones & you blame others? Shame on you...Oh, you've none!
I heard the patriots are sending prostitutes to rape tebow to get all that testosterone out of his system
Happy Veterans Day! Also it's 11/11/11...does that mean I should be making wishes all day?
Tonight's show at Blue Water Grill has been cancelled! I'm sorry honey:(
Clarity. A beautiful thing. To feel it in every cell of my body. Does that ever happen to you? If it does pay attention.
Sure, a band won't necessarily enhance a hip-hop show. But I think it would enhance THEESat's already strong show
Baseball that rolled through Bill Buckners legs in 1986 WS was sold at an auction for $418,250
I don't really! But since I live on a golf course I thought I will at least try!
What is your major at UNLV? Are you pursuing a degree in business? Do you enjoy customer service and financial reports?
story of my life
Somebodii is always watching when your not !
man, just PMO
can't argue with you there
he had surgery and has been out for a little while.
follow back please :)
It helps if you cook with the right ingredients like you Rick! Appreciate you brother!
Porsche pilots look forward to a very special challenge at World Endurance Championship
Great board meeting tonight for ASTD Houston. Excellent energy and looking forward to great execution. Hopefully not mine.
Thank you! We so appreciate your support! Remember to follow us on FB! Much love!!
m.... #waffles. Makes my banana seem kinda inadequate.
That awkward moment when you are working out &you hear whale noises in the middle of your heavy metal song....
Thanks! Hope to meet you around here. : )
Wow, haven't seen an Angelfire website in a long time... I didn't know they were even still around.
lol. The author was trying too hard to make uninteresting social media rhetoric "different". Hate that!
Well, that was pleasant. How are we going to amuse ourselves till October?
up in the booth today? Heard them shout you out last week.
lol i tried x)
Ready for something good to happen
These refs need to wake up and start throwing these Coyotes out of the game. It only gets worse from here. Dirty players playing down.
please follow and RT when you have.
Thanks for checking out my Twttrlist! Retweet at will
No, I think Ms. X (whom I see at the copier every morning) would like them to sit down, be quiet, and do the worksheet
“: Leaving Trinidad...after spending a wonderful day w/700 awesome teachers and admins...and The Franklin Covey Team!”
T. Mills is so much better than Mac Miller. Just saying.
thanks for the suggestion!
Craig Ferguson is doing his show in GLA this week and they have been on twice so far.
NO YOUR NOT!
come + visit, its tight but u can fit 4 a couple of days
hahaha , what school y'all go to?
#holiday #deals start today.
The fact that we have to sit here after we finish our finals
I love so damn much. she's my fave. ok. we're
Im drunk omw to da mall
Ahh last day in my first home of LA.. To new beginnings!!
Yes, let's give the sarlacc a beak. Even though the pit itself is clearly a throat, hence the burp.
Stuck behind a school bud... So I am not technically driving.
not to worry, I didn't invite you to the garden club social...you always get tipsy and make a scene.
#UseTwitterNameInSentence: "And now people don't like me because "
Saw it. The heart’s eye; frenzied, baffled bent,before the decimate sunof argument. One lean soldier, fraction of your revenge.
As we near election season, can I please remind you of the party mascots. Republican: wise elephant. Democrat: stubborn Jackass. You choose.
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know
I was kidding geez -.-
I'm so sorry I hope that the person or persons is got RIP
You have no idea how much stuff you have till your moving!!!! Have a great day!!!
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh! Well, technically I guess it's going to be afternoon. You get the picture.
death cab for cutie is going to be on letterman tonight, then where rocking out tonight!
#TriviaTuesday What's the only New England state without a seacoast?
tweet that link once it is
Just 9 days until the Cindy Sherman exhibit at MoMA, wish it were today!
I dnt need yo pussy biish I'm on my own dick
New Jersey: The Garden State. Fuggat aboud it.
Is there an Instapaper for online videos?
Hit em straight fellas!
So I put a smear on possibly the best squad we ever had?? I'm pretty sure that has NOTHING to do about me!
I know! :) but I want you to come now. Ok? <3
Lots of hot girls in the building tonight!
Film's the only medium that lets me tell a story that's more than reality, it's dreamy, feels like a memory, art!
I love severe weather (as long as no one gets hurt), but would enjoy it more without pink eye and sinus infection.
I'd be down.
I have no idea what this means, but it's awesome, because Richard Attenborough is following me on twitter.
GOD BLESS SENIOR PROM
If only you could understand what they were saying over the speaker.
You're welcome... but seriously, your time is up. Let's see those pages, mister. Then, I'll double down you in an hour, deal?
Monday's specials - $5 Pitchers of #Berghoff & #MillerLite/ $8 Bacon Cheeseburger & Fries / Free Glasses of Water!
Just kidding! We extended the voting period to 12 pm tomorrow due to the network disruption yesterday. Go vote!
One more thing, read my fucking emails. Thanks.
portland was so awesome! i wanna come back
Think Graham Harrell is the new #2 in green bay or will the packers draft a guy in the later rounds this year?
“: I'm headed out to Get Sum Purple Dew ”lol already got mines Og
Love that feeling of I know what the hell we are talkin about in math class.
They don't believe in YOLO , & they have some trust issues.
This orange soda >>>>
Have you #usability tested your on #mobile devices? Boxes are read from left to right. Wide middle focus column gets buried.
Happy st. patty's day to all the real Irish & to the Irish by injection & association !!! If you feel Irish have a shot of Jameson &guinnrss
There's this thing called BUSINESS, you should go get you SOME (:
"Dance w/ My Father" by #LutherVandross is one of my fav songs! It gets me incredibly emotional every time!!
Tomorrow is April and May comes afterwards ....
Can't wait to see ya tomorrow. Yum!
that's what's up big dawgg!! Congrats!!
Pippen Ain't Easy with a dominant win, record improves to 1-1. Shah has a shitty game, team survives his 1-5 shooting on a clear off night.
Wait, what?!?! You can't climb up the space ship? Epic fail, and -- let us play in his Sachs!
I'm coming to newspaper with you
Swag Surfin and tired as shizznips...
f-ck, and my excuse is that I’m young And I’m only getting older so
Thanks for the #ff recommendation. Hope all is well.
#FF this fab concierge company helps you find all things fabulous in Vegas!!
Had a fun second day ... And it ain't done yet!
I haven't been this happy in an extremely long time :)
Still really hard to believe that today is my last day commuting to SAP. Thirteen years is a really long time ... the change is exciting ...
Big happy moms day to my followers and especially!
check me out fire904 or@
#TrynaSleep but can't. To much on my mind.
Go to bed.
i thought i was following you ,, my bad (: well i am now
who and since when?
Thanks for the follow ; how'd you know I'm a New Yorker who misses Jewish deli food (and, sadly, )?
I will not leave my bed today. You can't make me.
I'm afraid this site has too many survey/nag popups to gain my allegiance
Sounds good to me. The more the merrier.
the pali lookout
Show tonight at Eisenberg's Skatepark in Plano!
Oh my god I fucking love this song.
Watching Moneyball.... Not sure what the point of this movies is though.
Peace & prosperity have never provided effective classrooms. Crisis & catastrophe, on the other hand, offer master's degrees. - D. Jeremiah
all day is quite painful
gotta understand it's a deal both ways. Especially in basketball. Bo woulda signed a different player a year ago had he known.
ISM index: U.S. manufacturing sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in April; The index climbed to 54.8% last month from 53.4% in March.
Just finished doin my Jillian Michaels Wii Game! woo hoo, Love it!! Burn baby burn LOL
ADDICTED to know is LIL BOOSIE guilty??
: hey Lan...good morning!
#web RT #Java #developer #job opportunities in #Austin. Contact njohnson1 [at] kforce [dot] com for more details.
Ahh here comes the hot wax!
The Situation checked into rehab after learning that everyone on the Jersey Shore (the place not his show) ...........got pregnant
Lay som of that blame where it belongs n stop the messenger bashing...its gettin dangerous out there¡
Day 1 was an epic failure. Day 2 is the new Day 1?
we need to get you verified first (that little check mark) im on it
lots of fun; thank you for organizing tonight's # T!
Wishing u mattered to someone rather than no one, wishing u were more than just you
this game is lost. we look flat.
There's a big ~ a big hard sun ~ beaten on the big people ~ in the big hard world
I like how my favorite thing from Malley's is chocolate-covered toffee rolled in almonds. Excuse me, I'm 95 years old.
Had a GREAT time at the show last night! Tonight's show is at the SANTA FE STATION CASINO in Las Vegas...hope to see you there!!!
thank you true :-)
But not your diet?
Summer camp booking season is starting soon! Did you know that you may be eligible for a tax deduction for sending your kids to camp?
Thanks so much for the shout out!
Biggest waste of money = renting New Years Eve. What did I just watch?!
That's a fair point. I hear he has a mini-Stonehenge as well.
I just like how honest Bennett is. Helps me. I'm an ethnographer, into people & culture, but her+O help me look elsewhere.
Way to go Mavsssssssssssssssssss!!
just did :)
getting made fun of at work for going from listening to atmospher and then joanna newsom.
Love means realizing your identity with the world. Your oneness with beings. To regard them as you would the different parts of your body.
Nigel Kennedy and the Scottish Chamber Orch's Czardas is INCREDIBLE
Remember when I gave a fuck? Oh wait...
dude, Dalai Lama is packed up, can't you break away?
Do any of you want a follow back? Tweet me<3 ~Sara
Having some serious computer malfunction issues, and will be offline for about a week. I'll be back ASAP.
I don't want 2B in control. I'll leave all that hard stuff 2 God. Yet, I'll take responsibility & hopefully choose wisely each &every time.
That B1G ending was crap.
RT : If you are a Zendesk and MindTouch customer contact me asap pls.
Got a Google+ invite - thanks!
I like your civil responses to the occasional uncivil tweets. Keep on doing what you do. Thanks.
Thanks for the mention.
On The Phone With My Lyssa Poo! :)
love this post! That photo was taken by my friend
What should I wear...got school all day then work today...hm
I'm guessing it's part of the orientation weekend.
MT : Save the date: this Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. The Business of Entertainment event is taking place in 's Student Lounge!
you're the closest to heaven that i'll ever be, & i don't wanna go home right now.
Thrash no way to do somebody when they in hospital
well Damnn! Calm down , I didn't know it was that Serious!!
Royals lose 12 in a row. I feel like an idiot because I bought into what they were selling; a young team to contend for the division.
#everyme is cool.
"Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do." - O.S. Marden
awee. Im jealous !!
I don't know....looks like technology problems! Ugh!...Not good
Thanks again for your time and feedback Josh!
Being perfect was not important to GB Packers. Better to lose one now than in the #NFLpostseason. Aaron Rodgers will still crush your team.
Air em out season..
": How do you say "everything is good" in Portuguese???" Tudo e bom
No Super moon in Atlanta...... :(
I do believe it is your birthday, and even though we never speak these days I hope it was great :)
he move around to much for me
#Top10Lies You're beautiful...I love you...
Great topic on the Raheem DeVaughn show tonight... Are social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, etc ruining your relationship?
Getting sick of the general population's flagrant disregard for traffic laws. It's not okay!
That is a very smart man !!! When Heather calls you STOP and take that call !!!!!!
im watchin that too
NO!. At the end all I wanted was no goals from Talbot or Jagr.
What must I do to make these cramps end? Follow Miracle Whip on Twitter? I'll do ANYTHING now!!!
you'll love it by October!
I don't watch hockey. Does that mean I have to marry an American?
listening to Eric Westendorf. i'm a big fan of (HT ) & their focus on DC's schools.
I'm ready when you are.
I hate school more than ever now.
Help create peace. I know my voice isn't gonna make an impact, but with all of us together, it can.
I just made my first political contribution to and applied to work as their Digital Assistant. Fingers crossed!
New Connections staff and invited grantees/alum will be presenting at the Society for Social Work Research (SSWR) meeting this Sat in DC.
At my dads I have a dog 
There is a heaven...white chocolate peanut butter cookies
Always smile back at children. To ignore them is to destroy their belief that the world is good.
I wanna watch Thor.
I woke up feeling like the grinch.
You're My CHAMPION! I celebrate you all day every day! With you I always WIN!
I wish! Will you? Good to meet a fellow tech-philosopher.
awww but it's not colored :( haha
Having a really hard time putting coherent thoughts out. Expect the blog post sometime tomorrow.
Didn't know you could do this, but I just accidently "requested phone number" while looking at someone's Facebook. Well that's embarrassing
Happy Birthday, Mike! Did the kids at get you a cake?
Its national fast food day! For sure going to at least 3 different joints right now!
I've been faded too long.
Also, consider CHBP costs $94.25 for a 3-day pass. That's after fees are thrown in. They're $85 before fees. $110 for BShoot is a steal
If you can't come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm can u please send Kim Kelly in your place?
Buy eBooks, Newspapers, Comic Books and Magazines pay by Paypal..
2 Algerian army officers killed by militants - Fox News
Hi remember when we were "best friends" and we actually spoke to one another? What happened to that?
Thanks fellas for the suggestions I was gonna try those and the remote transport that is 8 bucks but not the freaking 100 dollar one..
On a bus hurtling down the beltway between Baltimore & D.C.; speedlimit 55, only a suggestion. We are doin 70 and being passed by others.
why make disabled people's goto industrial zones for medication?
Agreed. Love the sets.
Happy Fathers day!
okay and if u cant see my face really well its cause theres no light on except my tv
I'm going to try and live without for wee while or find one second hand on Amazon. Just a pain in the paycheck!
Honoring all those affected by 9/11!!! We will never forget!!! God Bless America <3
#MentionYourCrush not enough characters for them...lol
I wanna make a video as awesome as 's how does he do it??
Not sure, just got home from being out with family. Anything going on?
BIG sale!! ALL shirts are only $10..yes, that's right..spread the word! www.phonographicunlimited.com
Did this dude really just hand me something over counter at work just bcuz I didn't rat him out for smokin in room? interesting day at work
Party at the Indy Mart today 4 PM -- come join us -- w/cake from PIECE OF CAKE -- 7916 SE Foster (enter on 79th) -- everyone welcome!
So confused by when I'll have energy and when I won't. Pregnancy is weird.
stop changing your twitter name thingy. takes forever to find you!!
brain is drained!
Just played a raucous game of bedtime UNO w/ the ladybugs. Only 25 cards in the deck makes 4 a very lively game! Nothing but Reverses & +4.
seems to be missing a co-presenter... Where's Bleeckie?
I will too. Plus black socks and sandals.
What would u have said if Imus only did 2 shows a week & spent every show talking about "judging" a talent show? Be honest
G.A.B.F. tickets on sale tomorrow!
May 14,1942: Churchill considering replacing Halifax with Beaverbrook in Washington. Eden worried about difficulty controlling Beaverbrook.
Put together the final edits on "Ciplified Soccer - Coaching 8-14" year olds. Should be ready for release in just a few more days
my sister just sent me that pic, i couldn't resist. I was in miami when you where here! did you guys have a great time?
Happy, I don't ever wanna go home.
Noticed that too! ": So far 2x Watson references at #whatsnextdc - I'm keeping track."
Can't believe my first year of college is over. Met the best people. Made the best memories. Had the bestest roomie<3
40-yard touchdown throw by Manning!!! Let's go GIANTS!
Next of the Winnipeg Free Press [ ] on their "News Café"; IRL public interface to their
This weeks Parks & Rec would have been a really good finale. I can't believe Andy wasn't supposed to be a series regular. He's awesome.
nah niggas juz wanna blow sum
This Thurs is Woodjock!! Thanks for coming and supporting our charity RBI
August 1, 1975 - Billy Martin becomes Yankee manager. He replaced Bill Virdon.
At the grocery store, guy in front of me buying a dozen eggs and a pregnancy test. Wrong kind of eggs.
That moment when u wake up at 4:30am and can't fall back asleep<<
He's also been a big Planned Parenthood supporter for many, many years.
I just enjoyed my first country song in a long time. There just really is "somethin 'bout a truck".
Off to cheer practice, really not in the mood for tumbling Bye!
Getting ready for Independent School Section Tour - Sacred Heart, Isidore Newman School, Metairie Park Country Day
While u blow trees, remember that they'd like 2 hang u from 1. Live ur life, but don't give them an easy excuse. Program my numbr 7132227577
so sorry I missed this! Nice job!
did u do mine?
Me, josh, and Eytan are at Dave and busters with some chicas. I miss this place. It should be a requirement to have one in every town. -T
#lemmeguess this is your first time
Gotta go on Twitter more.
Cool and bout to lay down :)
are you gonna tell your kids about replying to your tweet?
What I learned in HR today, genetically we are all mutts...bring on the diversity management!
I hate being underage.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to "The Godfather" : having WAY too much fun working with you & the team! Enjoying a slice of virtual cake.
‎"Night is a good time to remember all the sweet thing & all sweet persons in your life so sleep well with your sweet memories."
:( worst nightmare !! Thank God i woke up !! Thank you for another day of life !
Shout out to my people in Copiah county
You know he's black when he sags his basketball shorts(:
Kinda wish Ice-T let Mooseman sing more often.
karmic payback for playing a fake banjo?
#TOONAMISBACKBITCHES Lets Go
I hate the Phillies, but what Hamels said/did is pretty badass in my opinion. Only because Bryce Harper is a punk.
I think this has been the wettest August in recent memory. And that's with all those hurricanes in 04
To Jamal: There's no place like home... Or driving distance.
Dangerous trend in mobile app development--user levels drop, so you ditch the app instead of working to make it better?
love this pic!
Jason aldean is on the show today. I gotta double check what time.
I got too much homework to be watching this tournament.
True MT : Santorum team won 11, tied 1 & almost beat Romney in MI, while outspent a gazillion to one. Leave with heads held high.
Jordan classic should be interesting to check out
A new day a new idea! I think I will scrap medium point pens. I will stick to fine point pens although it's more work.
#Conetrao was fantastic tonight, as was Sergio Ramos. Both redeemed themselves after poor (awful) performances against Bayern.
Jimmy Johns always plays the best music lol
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day!
think about how you would feel if someone said it to you.
Watching FA Cup Ana? :)
Having fun editing a trade show video for an agency in Santa Monica .
#dcweek is a very cool data visualization startup. "take the science out of data science"
no problem. I enjoyed the video :)
Count a grip smoke another zip?
as did I, internally lol
EKG: check, MRI: check, lab work && blood tests: check, now just gotta wait for my heart echo this afternoon.
that video defines how much of a crazyy fothermucker you are. <3
Philips 42" 1080p LCD HDTV, $850 at BJ's on Black Friday according to www.black-friday.net. anyone seen it cheaper?
let's go! except we'll have to get a room with two beds.
Riding the bus home, tired and bleary eyed. Gotta recharge for mom mode.
Sounds Awesome and so relaxing! What a beautiful day for a cruise around the bay!
Sure, where are they located?
Then we'll take your calls on dream weddings -- & nightmares! -- w/'s "Miss Conduct" at 1-877-300-8970.
Together with Live! 95.5 we are bringing Gavin DeGraw live on board!! Only $25.00!! Call us now to make your reservation!! 503-224-3900.
Just watched the beginning of 'The Clydebank Blitz: Beneath The Embers'....well done so far done indeed...
Our message to the Latino community? You missed a spot.
they expected an Angie Martinez imitator to show up...I grew up in FL in an affluent neighborhood so don't have an accent...
haha i know right, jobs are so hard to get now a days!
all day i have been watching how to videos on youtube!
Thanks! I didn't know anything about the NISD candidates and was looking for a way to educate myself. Your video is a great help.
Thank you.
A4: what are your goals? How are your customers using mobile? How much money do you have :)
hey miranda you are doing a 6: icarly season?
ew, wtf, vocal adrenaline get out wtf is this? nicki minaj should not be associated with glee.
Food coma! I'm about to explode!
The new Beach House album is astoundingly beautiful. Had to say it.
Its one of those mornings...when you find yourself listening to Yanni
didn't you hear I made brogrammer status?
Enjoyed your new stand up special! You should do a show in Grand Rapids, Michigan! Will pay in #biscuits!
I love candles
our highschool football team sucks! they're playin right not and guess who's winning!?!? NOT US!
:p you suck.
all of them are disney stars
OMG yes please! this is awesome...
Happy Friday, Ron!
#TDLP is the hashtag for today's class.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at May you and your families enjoy the warm comfort of delicious food and good spirits.
Reconize YES FROM NO!!!....IM YES AND YOUR...HELL NAWW KILL ME FIRST!!
Oh i know! so whens your first exam ??
I'm so sure Cupcake Champions!
I held my own hunger games today. I was hungry, I got food. I won.
I don't care who you are, if you hold the door open for me I'll tell you thank you.
no don't
Watched it and wasn't impressed, honestly
Genealogy Boot Camp. Oct 6 2012, Lapeer Michigan. Genealogy from A-Z.
We got to see Cher in the Dancing with the Stars audience last night cheering on her son Chaz. I love him.
This'll put the Chocolate Wonderfall at the nearby Golden Corrall to shame.
Hahahaha lately, Julian's words would be spot on.
OpenText DAM allows setting of (multiple) "security policies" to assets = granular control of access levels on per-resource basis.
I laugh when people get hurt. :D
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
So, here is my virtual hug, and congratulations for all of your success this far. There is more to come! :) Bless you, Res
Okay, I'm done tweeting this; time to get ready since I'm up presenting next!
I woke up once in the middle of the night standing in my bedroom handing a book to an invisible patron. I hate dreaming about work.
": One chance is all you need. – Jesse Owens"
Wasted Wednesday dawg
thank you so much !
I learned the hard way tonight that there's some such thing #TooMuchofaGoodThing I ate tons of Pad Thai but it was totally worth it
UVA's Valley of the Shadow part of DH and Black studies discussion
Just outside DC :-p RT If you didn't live in DC, where would you live?
over. Glen Davis got around 6.5 mil per year over 4 years.
Omw to cookout got the whip
*crickets* RT Can anyone link me to an explanation of the thinking person's objection to gay marriage? I'm seriously at a loss here
... also from the FHC anthro lab. Her friends mum is Wicked librettist! <3 the anthropology to musicals connection!
WAR FUCKING EAGLE!!!! Takeo Spikes is one scary ass motherfucker #the neck
“: Kinda scared to get in a car accident with brandon driving”
I call that
and they were al yellllllooowwwwww. Its on!!!
no will power hahaa
Yo, tell my girl I'll be gone til November.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me4
Macgruber... Mullet power...
You and tequilla make me crazy...like poison in my blood. One more night could kill me baby. One is one to many....one more is never enough
Well, I'd have to do a little research on that. Off the top of my head, as an easy example, Ryan Braun's MVP last year.
Excellent -- book groups will be lucky to have you!
They used to have at least one asian in there at least, guess they're just not gonna try anymore.
Thanks RT : I like this although I'd never underestimate the
Psssst... Have you looked under the Info tab? There might just be a discount waiting for you...
Goodnmorning to you to ! Even tho it's 11:30 Am over here haha . What's your plans for today ?(:
I'm always ready! Let's do this!
Listening to on right now.... :) He makes me happy!!!
i h8 where i live cuz the works here are so lazy. so im gona email the b so that they can freak'n get this place fixed!!
Hello going back to work :(
The awkward moment where Brad and Angelina get engaged, and you thought they were married this whole time...
like what? Will play tomorrow
U don't cheat on me but u keep telling people that lol if u did cheat on me it wasn't wig any female it was with Pedro
While researching children's poetry, I came across an article entitled "Head Injuries in Nursery Rhymes." Tenure, what hast thou wrought?
Working as a team makes a huge difference for relaxation, enjoyment, and productivity.
Karma by Lloyd Banks #90sr&b
Huzzah! RT : Congratulations to Tracy K Smith and her collection LIFE ON MARS! We are so proud!
u could not have picked a nicer week 2 b in the city. but stick around - it's better in SF when is in the house.
oh gosh, yes! the boys look like sons of a greek god.
remember those old navy shorts? What color were they again...
that's awesome lmao that be fun to watch hahaha
Today the House will consider the "mark twain commemorative coin act" // what would Twain in light of GSA Scandal?
Just saw Stefano from American Idol perform in the Mix 96.1 Muve Music Lounge...damn, dude can SING. Pretty impressed!
Well not you men! :)
THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT JOINED OUR PAGE!!!! OUR FIRST COMMERCIAL WILL BE TODAY ON 97.9 THE BEAT TODAY AT 4:53!!!!! TELL EVERYONE!!!!!
Place your hand over your heart. Feel the heartbeat? That’s called purpose. You’re alive for a reason. Don't cheat yourself - don't give up!
I finally get to see my boyfriend tonight (:
stuck with training another week
Migraines suck and I feel really sorry for myself right now but it seems like everyone else is having a nice day
People who say swag are a bunch of jive turkeys
wow that's amazing :)'n
At UNC Charlotte, about to listen to talk about journalism and sportswriting. I'm excited.
Well said. I wish more athletes would come out in favor of marriage equality. Get the Orioles on that!
Better throw so far this year, Rick Ankiel from center today, or Josh Reddicks from right last week?
Online book clubs for teens: goodreads or fb? Not sure either would work.
Follow he's a sweetie. :)
no chapters yet but our first event will be in NYC in the next couple months
Doug Melvin looks depressed behind home plate.
My #Imperfection id My beauty. My #Madness is genius.Its better to be absolutely #ridiculous than absolutely
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Henry Ward Beecher "We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents.”
But do they make you feel thirsty?
Can you BUY a nice bag without tacky metallic dangles illustrating where its from and how much you spent on it? UGH.
What's strange is that you're actually starting to use Twitter.
I wish there'd be a dog every place I go to in life.
Not sure how I feel about a remake of
damn that outfit is hot! 👍
There's still the 3rd Qtr to play…. RT : FWIW, I had the #Knicks losing by double digits tonight.
You just know we are the best when X President Of The United states comes to enjoy the team of highlight reels.
yes u are babe i know it isee it i feel it and i tongue it..... I love you too Angie
I might as well call you Google, because you have everything that I am looking for.
I know, but I think that tweet had the Mac U running after it & then Posh Nosh episode. Lol! That's a funny show.
An investigation of court documents in the murder trial of James "Anthony" Gray revealed accounts of psychic revelations, hidden...
RT :Tomorrow, WAPL is hosting a (metaphorical) "Funeral For Favre," in prep for his "burial" @ Lambeau on Sunday.
Strip Scribbles: Olivia Newton-John headlining in LV? Let's get physical! - Las Vegas Sun
alright!! I'm still scared though..
Happy rainy st. Patrick day
I'm enjoying the show! Jitney, Two River Theater Co. We miss you August Wilson.
The Cinco de Mayo festival going on outside HQ isn't distracting
If it doesn't kill you it makes you stronger! Back to work tomorrow
Thank you for following!
So happy baby suprised me
All the things in the world that he could have from his gf and what does my guy want.... Candy lol
I Cried When my bestfriend forget about me.
Woo repo games!
Well deserved! -- RT : Praise God for blessing me with a scholarship, signed the papers today! All the hard work has paid off!
“: The point of society isn't an economy. The point of an economy is society.”. Wow need to chew on this one for a while....
