Probably the LAST thing I needed...lol.
Well, I was gonna start my homework early today but this DVD leak changes everything.
I dont embrace this 9-5 ish I was made and worked hard for much more !!! But I'm waiting for wat God has in store ...
I'm talkin that GOA bro. lol but when you gone grab a mic again dude!? You got skill.
Standing ovation greets Cal Ripken Jr. at Fred Hutch Luncheon cc:
#Movember second week - I'm starting to look like a homeless programmer. Not enough nerds know about the No Shave November spectacle...
tacos and Torah in t-minus 7 min.
It's looking like XS might be going down either Saturday or Sunday night.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience
when aren't u flying :0
hoya anniversary weekend: like a class reunion, only way too soon.
Hey thx for bringing your date to our swap at Fluid lounge
#ussoccer New US jersey-Con: Watching a match will be like playing "Where's Waldo?"...except it's easy to spot 10 of them on an open field
Mondays suck.
O, what kind of camera did you get?
10am and hit all the big ticket rides. Now where is the beer tent?
well welcome!! Let us know what you order ! :)
she probably saw bailey
Follow us! all new iBand!
oh nice what section you in again?
you're allowed to tell me because I'm awesome and a close friend lol ;)
I swear I see the dumbest sh*t on my TL....ya'll got me dying over here
just like the hot caution on the McDonalds coffee cups
Comment on other pages,share their updates regularly.Be part of their conversation, they become part of yours, You BOTH Benefit,WIN!
i have you on facebook but i havent been on in monthss
Sheldon trying to rap in the car lol
Reading about Twitter on LifeHacker
ok twitter god
True! I knew it was "required" but I didn't know that anyone actually cared lol.
k. So ik I was stupid about drew. I'm not friends with them anymore. I have this thing called dignity. So my boobs aren't out
WISHING EVERYONE A SAFE AND WONDERFUL EASTER WEEKEND
yea i was kidnapped by life :D
Bitch I'm on my way to whoop your ass
#racist RT : 9 out of 10 dirty old men agree MT : approves of the new Victoria's Secret commercial (in case you..
Phins Up.....That's Another Miami 1st Down
don't think 53% is a mandate for change. It's a great start for 2016 though.
Complaining because there's nothing to eat in the house but candy. What has the world come to
We tron with no teacher.
thats not just u thats stupid
I knew I saved that roofing paper for a reason.
unacceptable. I've been at the peak of my hilarity. Stay up all night and catch up.
wish i was @ the cd release party 2night! bet it was a great time
no problem but my shuffle can't be fucked with lol
Quick on that remote! RT : Shit goal on the hawks
Good talkin 2 u the other day! I miss you! Sry we were a lil rushed, Im horrible at makin decisions & David was ready2go. lol
Thanks Megan! I'm so excited to meet you and work together!
the Joker (as played by Jack)
#ThisWeekend Im Finna Have My Girl Over :*
268genetation.com streaming live from Atlanta. Check it out! Chris Tomlin leading worship!!
this is late but night! lol
m gorbals is so grood. The broccoli is amazing.
Tomorrow I join nation's oldest free lecture series FORD HALL FORUM re: future of photojournalism 41 Temple St Boston 26 April 6:30pm
Shorty looks good but shes to busy pushing a stroller
HA soon its still coming together i gotta get a couch but i have a shoot trmw in santa monica when im done wanna hangs?:)
STARTING FRIDAY JAN 20TH AND EVERYDAY AFTER LIVE POETRY AND MUSIC LOUNGE 9275 RICHMOND AVE...MORE INFO COMING SOON
Sound like he won't be making any future trips to the reptile house at the zoo.
Plus I got Adventures of Tintin season 2 on dvd @ target...
: of what? An eagle?
^_^/ RT Does anybody have Mrs. Patterson rite now?!
And even when it's a super sweet dude I'm still not interested cause nobody is him ;__;
Who wanna make me a sammich? No tomato, hold the mayonnaise, extra cheese.
Lee Fields and the Expressions in Houston tonight, y'all. Can't miss. See ya at
Los Angeles is peacefully quiet tonight
I'll sum it up for you. Lame joke. Stupid cliffhangers. Some people are leaving. Some are coming back. Lame joke.
Hey, if you have the Big Bucks like many Republicans, you can just buy yourself a new sanctified marriage.
March Madness, playing with a two year old and working on theatre things. A great day!
Raymond 1969 STILL Q! shredded this song
Even if I'm sure I'm the only one home, I knock on the bathroom door first. Convinced the 1st time i don't knock, someone will be in there.
“ Live your life. Nobody is gonna live it for You” righhhh
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts. - Arnold Bennett
Gotta love the prime rib.
Yeah, it's Monday afterall.
Gutsiest win I've ever seen from Mavs. We won't be denied.
CACTUS LOVE. Because it's Wednesday. And you're -- well -- the BEST.
wait, didn't you use Prezi for your job talk? (that seems like a long time ago!)
StepUp3D Soundtrack drops TODAY! "Up" by ( ) #JMacUp <-- help us trend & RT?
BEACH AWSOME.. HOPE YOU HAVE FUN! #YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC ND TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZZ:)
That awkward moment when you don't care
I earned the Extrovert badge on Lose It!
Thats def how I look at it.
Using for the first time on actual production work and I'm so amazed at how pain free this is to implement!!!
I've tried too hard to make you mine. I've come to realize, I won't ever reach your standards. I've tried, I'm done.
Ops. I mistyped your name instead of sgillies. Sorry about that.
#haiti RT Navy hospital ship Comfort still anchored off PAP. Only 11 patients & no admits in 10 days. No post-quake vics allowed
has been worse lately. Add in the fact that I've been spending my days in a new place, I just feel out of place
hilarious!!! Old man!! My nephew says "El viejito feliz" happy old man aka KFC :-)
I have a tendency to wanna do things like begin a long game or something wen my bus is near my stop. Idk y.
I'd always thought dark glasses were a must for the blind. Fact is, I wished he had some.
I hate when ppl be writing me stupid shit on here I'm not interested in that shit
": Don't comment on how religion is bullshit when you check your horoscope every day." Horoscope isn't religion? Is it?
Currently listening to: Zaanse Shadow / Fred - Unchianed Melody
The awkward moment when you eat to call someone out on something but you don't want to be an asshole
Attending Westside Team training learning about updated Dashboard.
All I'm saying is it'd be totally cool if someone brought me jimmy johns.
And everything will get better if I stay here for a while. I'll find another way to be happier.
Thanks but it's k... I'll find someone else.
Treat others as you wish to be treated.
GO STEELERS!
lol oh please i stay on twitter.. P.S. i envy you and your 36 billion followers.. i see you though, i see you
Watching clueless : )
it's my new weight vest! Would you prefer to see my professional pics?
i think i need a drink already lol
omfg Mark you went to the show at the studio at Webster hall? you def saw PCFH...I put them on your mixed tape =)
Bengals just got better with that pick of Sanu.
Where there is no vision, the people perish
Just seeing your face gets on my nerves. You dont even have to say anything to get on my nerves. Thats how much I dislike you.
Seats for Brahm's Requiem are going fast! Buy season tickets today and get the best seats for the maestro's final season! Call 202.244.3669.
Thanks for the tweet man! You rock! We need more people on the site for it to work better! Tell your friends!
Stop bitching about Instagram. You'll still be able to project a manufactured image of your self worth one way or another.
PLEASE! please! Let there be someone out there somewhere making a gif of Colin Firth punching a blind kitten.
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
guess I wasn't thinking of primary math teachers, rather middle & secondary teachers specializing in math. ;-)
oh no...tell me you dont eat while ur there, ahahah i was doing so good this week too!
Learn from eCommerce Inbound Marketing Experts on how to get more qualified consumers to your site through blogging, including:
& thanks for joining me. Have a wonderful Monday!
You are welcome, same to you!
I think there's a high probability of me becoming a "weird" Christian dude in 20 years.
No worries :)
Great call tonight w/ my friend Richard- - check out his LIKE page on FB & follow him on twitter!
Partying with , , and
"Powered" by Intel Centrino.
bought some #drdrebeats headphones :D
waiit! are u that kid who stands/walks by faschek with a lightsaber? :O
Yup. I hate that a few complete idiots make all of us look bad.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. ~Mahatma Ghandi
Idk what I'm doing tonight.
nope. I'm stoppin that so I can put some more real shit on my resume lol
Welcome to twitter with lots of follows!
tonight's festivities include a bottle of red & taking apart the bike's carbs. Not sure I should mix those
My daughter called me a genius. I said aw than you sweetheart. Then she called her sippy cup a genius. I cant win
RT .Will I see u guys at the Golf Tourny ?
Hey twin! hacky sack: kick a bean bag around in a circle. I'm non-pro :)
.i stayed stuck on that game :o
Bingo players tonight ! Tonights gonna be off the hook!
Dr. Lewis says he's trying to take Florida Memorial University from good to great
Jared Allen please break #jaycutler 's neck!!!!!!
Many thanks to for moderating! Anyone have a topic/want to mod for 5/22?
yeah at da lobsta and tonight ;)
It will happen. Trust me :)
I've never seen bitches dumber than these
boots saving me today with all the ice/slush/rain. Why didn't I get a pair earlier?
Not very manly.
Is it just me or does my Folgers coffee taste the way cat piss smells?
3.5 mi run along L.Michigan in 50+ degs in March - Heaven! Getting a 45 y/o body in shape post a lazy winter- Purgatory! (yo Catholics!)
You're most welcome
so when is everyone going back home
Did I just see Stephen Colbert use virtual reality through a Nintendo Power Glove?
surfing isn't a sport, it's a religion, another topic that is banned from standardized exams in NYC
Hi, Kat - just sent you an email. Short version is that I messed up, and I want to apologize.
I'm so tired of hearing about One Direction.
eh i think there's still something else on top
srsly: I love flea markets.
I really don't have time for sleep.
www.rayyounkins.net is coming soon!
": This morning.. Give what u want to Receive.. If u need money .. Help someone else make money."
I object!!! Poo Poo O'Hara is NOT from Chicago, she's from TX!!! Get it right, nobody from Chicago is that fake!!!
I am not presenting, just sat in on (Great stuff!) I hope we can connect here at #IBS2012!
follow me ill follow back:)!
Ugh report cards are being distributed today, right before vacation. What's the logic in that?
Yup I am I no good piece of shit that only cares about myself, and I can't do anything right, thanks for reminding me.
Ross: paradox of hardware modders - personal ownership of corporate products
That mini heart attack you get when you think you lost your bus pass 😱😒
Even for someone who cleans his apt regularly, once you move all your stuff out you find out how not clean your place actually was.
looks like we're back!
I love their veggie burger (fries are to die for too). It's alot of food, but re-heats well for leftovers :)
welcome to Evanston! Lemme know if you're free for lunch while you're here.
i'm just so tired. school is winding up and work is dragging me down. meh.
RT :"Online technology challenges citizens to build better societies, not just revolt against bad ones"
alcohol and fast food. Y tu?
You, my friend, are a machine. You're doing God's work. RT : And now my 2013 Mock Draft has been started.
- What's up J! We hitting the links soon?
Maybe its time to start paul
They're not nude mud wrestling or anything...just in case you thought there were secret women's mud wrestling communities.
The batter batter blast from sonic is the shit!
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just COME IN! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
yea its a shame... half the NBA is like that, & thats probably generous
TEBOW BETTER GET DOWN ON ONE KNEE OR NEXT WEEK HE'LL BE ON BOTH MAKIN SOME EXTRA CASH
#librarianfitnessplan is on rain delay :(
People who feel loved live longer; have fewer colds, lower blood pressure and lower cancer rates; and have fewer heart attacks.
Mr. Steve said u needa bring Ur lazy eyed Ass down here Lol
Ellen Brady buying push polls
Still vexed about not being able to read WaPo online anymore. Resisting going back to subscriptions. :-(
2 recorders is the way to go! also, sorry, that sucks.
Cinnamon rolls
oh, were going on a date for sure. Ill even go back there and make it.
Obsessed with the new ep from
Haha… I Anti Hiding Ur The One Gay Guy lol I'm All Over The Skool
Might just go to bed. Last friday of the summer
I hate when I want something and I can't have it. It's not a feeling I'm used to.
Hey DMac, my sons play football for Kennedy. Thanks for your generosity running the Colfax for DPS sports!
how can you NOT suspend world peace? Nigga gave harden a concussion, harden will miss games so its only fair
man I applied 6 places in early April and 5 places since. Not a single call back.
Just heard my husband come in the door singing Ive got Moves like Jagger...#Really??Okay
RT : Is autism on the rise, or are we better at screening? Watch today live at 5:00 for take.
I hope someone saw that picture! It was a once in a lifetime opportunity!!!
I can only imagine! You need hazard pay!
in that case I've driven 3 worlds the past 2 days from b-more to sunny florida!
that's much better, thanks!
. When Paul Aiken of AG spoke at Columbia a few weeks ago, his big concern was a security breach of GBS/libraries destroying market
The NYU Housing web portal is back up. Sorry for any inconvenience caused by yesterday's outage.
uh, that's not showing me up in class - trust me - students have no impact on my ego ever :-) lots of little tech I don't know
I'm so 3C and stay Triple C till da death of me...... 4 all those that don't know 3rd Coast.... .Cool Calm Collected
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without.
I know the feeling,it must be optimism of the new year. It just feels good.
They're basically trying to turn into a Huff Post clone. Sucks.
Really can't think of a better walk-on song than Werth's last year:Slash's guitar solo in November Rain. Badass.
Who's the stinkiest Russian? Vladimir Pootin'
Must finish epic regression, but mind is not happy. I need cake, stat!
EA’s made a bit of a surprise release today; Battlefield 3: Aftershock is now available for iPad and iPhone via the App Store
St patty's 2012. Chi town
same here
#subwayfitchat depends! They both have their own benefits.
I thought this was already decided. (;
In honor of Drake's arrival to #Albuquerque, I'll be saying #YOLO after all my posts. #YOLO!!
Do you use YouTube as a form of informing yourself on different subjects for work?
What a crazy time in life! Everything seems to be a reminder that an era is truly and suddenly ending. Bittersweet.
My school lunch making skills were soundly criticized by the offspring today :/
Are you pulling for Speaker Fitzgerald?
Feeling the excitement at the NY offices today! #PNID Good luck team PN!
#takemeout my house is boring as fuck.
five course meal at louie and johnny's..it's a good day 👍
Almost hit by a car while walking across peachtree in the crosswalk
Just talking football man.
thanks for the retweet!
#Simpletons . . . . im just tryna chill the fuck out
sad. :( He did really well in reserves, I thought!
i was at the best one ever!!!!
I miss him..
I shouldnt have sent that mssg. I knew it would wake you up.. I asked you to turn your phone on silent but you didnt want to..
i love it. it's amazing. (:
Part 1 of 4. Officer Paul Albrecht Violates Kimberguy's Civil Rights on Motorcycle
There were significant increases in the collateral preferences of prospects including white papers 24% from 2010-2011 & case studies 29%.
Tour in a day and a half. Come Friday to our first show in balti!
of coarse hun :-)
holy crap. WHATSUP.
Woot-woot, it's the weekend, friends! Mosey on over! Beer, wine, pizza, music, fellowship, fun and, um, more pizza!
A man should never neglect his family for business. --Walt Disney
I've been good too bro. You still play basketball?
stop hating in twilight Sarah:P
Sherry Lake, Senior Scientific Data Consultant UVa.
When you're in a good relationship, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
I'm at Parkside having free food and drinks, but I return to my post soon. ;)
Tummy full... Nap time while watching UFO Files
#songsthatmakemewannadie jar of hearts 🔫
finally. wells fargo and wachovia are one big, happy family.
your right ...i actually like men
Once again
not just sad but sick too!
Smile! It's Thursday.
Was doing great at secretly staring at the hottie next to me at milk table at Starbucks but messed it up when I poured sugar into my phone.
You ever try to pee standing up with morning wood? Yeah, that's what happens every day in a strip club bathroom.
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
: I know this is so late but happy birthday! Your amazing ;)
She's real serious .
"How recently has anyone told you that you are delightful?" a friend asked me. I need more of this friend in my life.:)
appreciate the love boo!
Go Spurs Go!
Relaxing day cooking and baking with my girlfriend and her daughter.
can you retweet my fire posts? Thanks!
lol where do you work at? :)
paleo diet starts tomorrow
Which came first, the music or the misery?
the four page paper standing between me and graduation seems like the hardest thing in the world right now.
happy birthday
I want to start a company called EIEIO so that one day I can have an EIEIO IPO. Probably would take place on a farm.
I've realized April will never have a dad ... :/
always great to eat at your lovely resto!!! the fried shrimp dumplings were delish!!!
Go on. Buzz me up
did u see jamel for luke rindor trade rumors!! Did I tell u months ago we go get that guy? Lol
your obsession ♥♥
RT "Scitum est inter caecos luscum regnare posse. It is well known, that among the blind the one-eyed man is king."
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
What happened?! I didn't see you at the reception!
There's a new STD out there , its called "feelings" .. don't catch that !
Somebody please tell Buss Jr. that Lamar should stay. Let go of Pau first.
Google sold sketchup!
nothing singular, but Fred Brooks and Richard Gabriel are great process thinkers. CMU does a lot of research in that area.
Flying a Kite
you wouldn't be you if you weren't quirky!
I hate the EZ payment place!!!!
so true.....Stockton has seen his best days
That's awesome
Found out I have to read a book for school. SMH
ha! probably. there were not that many there when i went, and it is closing soon.
no how could you?!
The Wiggles are going to be in Sacramento!!!!! 😄 My childhood tv show! Oh yeah, I'm so going! :D
I want a tattoo in Korean writing half way down my spine
Today is the last day to enter for your chance to win Smashbox makeup. RT this for your chance to win!
I am indeed
I did. The trilogy was wonderful.
um where can I sign up for this "KARE" you speak of? I need it.
#Badgers needed a timeout sooner and Gasser needs to pull the trigger
just go to play.clubpenguin.com xD
Hi Garry, thanks for following. Nice dog blog! We would love to hear some of your stories.
Happy Birthday guys!
Monkey Bar's New Twitter Account!
Thanks for the follow from a fan!
i hate being sick maybe ill go outside and hope it helps...
Optimism rules for 2012
OOHH MANN THAT WOULD BE AMAZING.
funny how people I know in real life didn't download my tape but perfectly good strangers have.
I need another handle. Wonder if is taken?
I will Love You for You... Not for who you will become!
seriously you are the digi fundraising ninja and i only have about 400 more questions. you're gonna be sorry you met me.
The nations leading scientists predict that 90% of all shower curtains are uggo
Good luck Lady Rattlers! State 3-peat!
Saw one of my old mentors, Gordon, from my days at Universal Music Group today at OHOP. That made this entire trip worth it.
I'm pretty much depressed:(
Can't wait till Austin lives in Miami (:
just showed my friend #AngelsAndGentlemen she loves it!
Not only did I NOT flush it, I left the seat up. RT : did you flush it?
Hooray! My pal Eleanor's novel, "Ten Thousand Saints" is out and racking up great reviews everywhere. Go buy it now. And follow:
Left my phone in a cab this morning. Sent a message via Find My... app. Picked up phone from stranger. (Thanks, Natalie!)
before close & the bumper is completely detached & in pieces, the impact bar is destroyed & the frame is jacked up. Not that bad, my ass.
likewise :) We're still making jokes about going out for 'tortilla soup' after work. Or maybe at loex2013? Keep in touch...
I'm hearing the threat targeted the HRC bldg. Scary.
Dumb tits
Help spread the Rubin-Frankel Gallery love will ya?
Which is why the bite and the sting understand each other.
it seemed sincere to me anyways. imo
Good #HelloMornings Naomi! Glad U Joined us! &doing #Focused15 LoveYa! :) *Hey #hmcct Girls~Meet our New Sister! :D
totally digging your blog, love the visuals
Of course!!! We only know forms of payment in cheesecake.
I call mine Helga. Not in a nice way. (no offense to the Helgas of the world haha)
If it wasn't so far and if I could afford to drive their twice a day I would, but one trip/day is all I'm alotted
Long time friends Joe Bluhm > Moonbot Studios won an oscar for Best Short Animated Film........dude has always been out of control talented
thanks. It's been a great win for us and video crowdsourcing as a whole.
Like I said ...
Great advice...watch email bounces and use as prompt to network with the contact
I'm off bih
Thank you :)
so fresh that u were watching the fight! It was a good one! Ur a grt sports fan!
When you hire people that are smarter than you are, you prove that you are smarter than they are.
I'd like to see that.
Every day I see this guy and every day I think he looks more and more like Albert Einstien
Just finish watching it, damn good movie, I need them 2 rescue me if i was ever a POW !!!RT : Act of Valor
gonna be a fun one! Can't wait for to see if will take home another win...
longer than it will for people to stop supporting Bill Maher, who has said much worse things
Damn my girl look good with a bowl full of chili
well, that's a bummer. I could ask a hundred more questions, but I'll wait til I see you next. Heal fast and heal well.
Congratulations Jo! Great news!
Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart
I hates me some onions, but they do make soup better.
Try a pineapple Dole Whip! :)
Sry u busted 2day. I consider u a very dear friend of mine and apologize if my jokes went to far. Honestly, I think u play great.
Haha they can't find the puck!! Ok thats all I will say. Unless u request more updates.
Goodmorning :) how r u feeling today?
Thanks to Megan Zimmerman and for providing gr8t insights & info re mobile today during the AMA-Milw tweetchat!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 5
Oh dear, I think this is what they mean by being 'in the weeds'! So much to do! On the plus side, I don't have to brave Friday pm traffic!
Hey, you better follow me sucka!!
Internet Marketing Success Tip: Concentrate on giving people high quality value in your niche, more value you give the more you will get.
Bamboo is the largest grass in the world, in solid conditions can grow 3 feet in a day
because dental care is so expensive and the next segment was about towns in the south with no water or electricity.It was very sad.
got it... i like the retro feel of it. but to each his own!
Rates just jumped a bit. Call me for a free quote 512-852-8883 or apply online at www.amcaphomeloan.com
Teens, join us Saturday for a cupcake demo! It's bound to be very tasty! 7:30 p.m. at 311 S. Madison. FREE!
Spring cleaning is great way to purge negative energy from the past.
we needa start pushing the party!
i do xD
“: I love the green machine” no doubt!
Man I'm Tryna watch that may weather fight
Who is watching the #GRAMMYs right now?
Why am I awake...smh
Don't say it unless you mean it. And if you mean it, be ready to prove it ' ♥
When something good happens, I always take a sec to thank
And the bus bully strikes again.
Attending session: "Content as a Means for Social Change" with Biz Stone of Twitter fame
wats up.i heard the wedding this week....
teen panelists are saying Twitter is "next thing" for teens moving away from Facebook
Just watched Nashville by made me want to cry. I miss Nashville so much!
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to donate at least $.10 to National Breast Cancer Foundation. via
I will always love Huggy Bear. What are the members up to now?
you're back in D.C.! Vacation?
And ONLY those two figures after, I mean. Got one for .60 not long ago.
Morning lovelies!
Well, thanks. Maybe it wasn't a complete waste of time.
Young son: "Daddy, don't eat the brown or yellow snow."
A better message on another guy's shirt: "Don't just be social, be relevant"
If it's a fight they want, it's a fight they'll get...
Manningham - Manning = ham
NBCnightly news does a feature on #pinterest it's time to move on to the next thing
Thank you for the RT!!! I appreciate it!!
I've seen the argument on other sites and I believe ours wins by a few months.
Vanessa Hudgens' Leggy Shopping Spree (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
I live even closer to you now...so just let me know when you find it and I'm on my way to get it..
I hope you didn't get caught by the RA. :)
followed u.
Don't miss seeing this weekend! BERNIE had a great opening so keep it going.Support great indie filmmaking!
it appears the military is still far away from everyone being equal.
Thx again to all attending today's Creating Powerful Radio Wkshp including & team
Rihanna Could Head to the Studio With Barbra Streisand for Duets Album
I'd think there'd be a decent amount of French spoken in your neck of the woods!
Full weekend of diving. Deco procedures this weekend. Stoked for #scuba w/
No, YOU better check our maps within our picture folder!!!!! *smile*
Drinking my Advocare Spark. Better than coffee for mental focus, energy, nutrition. No crash and burn. www.advocare.com/11015117
Thank you! , , & to everyone who has extended their congratulations on our 2,500 followers!
aww that's cute lol finally a middle name without marie .-.
is "not concerned with the very poor." He says it's those of us with a home and regular access to food that "are struggling."
I dont know much about NCAA hoops, but if Im in a bar fight Ill take Gates over Sullinger and thus the 7.5.
how you been?
“: BFD 2012 fun fact: it's on a Saturday this year! #bfd2012 ” yay
Obviously Bothered getting me through my drive...AH YEAH
It's a difficult place to be w/ "normal" college students, ppl in relationships and no one.
I think today is going to be a good day.
I really don't know the last time I saw her in anything. Wasn't she in 'Mr Goodbar'?
Ima start using joint paper instead of cigarillos
Oh, and any ideas on terrible albums of 2010? There were a ton of them!
357: Today I had a visit with my lifelong friend Marcy, and I'm so grateful to have seen her while she's in town!
Thank you for your very gracious comments, Bobbin!
Probably will get them :)
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you insult TVD...jk you're just crazy.
I like random spontaneous weirdo girls
i like how you wont let me watch the baseball game -__- cause you know, its totally not my favorite sport
Love Holly, you look amazing tonight, and you have grown so much throughout the season!
Just voted for excited about 4 more years. Agenda item 1--take back our schools
I'm not in Madison where will u be?
The whole fam-damnily is at my house chillin. Keep thinking I have not had enough to drink.
Radio Tokyo tonight!
I Live my life as an artist. end of the day,i will be known 4 music,my story telling,& good looks:)hope u live as u believe as well!
You say goodbye, I say hello
thanks...it is a great day!
A pound cake? Wow, impressive! I don't even think I can do that? :)
Always keep ya head up!!
www.SuperImpactfitness .com check it out
Missing my curly curls :-/
The sun is out! Time to start running the screen print presses full throttle again!
4th page and I am on my conclusion #Sleep <3333
Just saw a kid wearing an #AngryBirds shirt and shorts
30 more mins until Silent Auction A closes. Make sure you get your face item!
Strange.. Liquid.. Spheres.. Falling.. From.. Sky..
perfect moment would be when you follow me ! 😁 Please follow me back ❤
oh and just because you have been on the radio for a long time doesn't mean your worth a shit
Im good at expressing myself verbally...
#vaforum12 Great way to wrap up a conference--session on Virginia wines. Carole Nash is telling us abt Belmont, once-famous 19th c vineyard.
indeed I. Do!
Join us for the #WGBiz chat with This month's topic "The Myth of the Personal Brand"
lol boi plzzz im atthe top of the list ....u waitin on me im not waitin for u
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
Thanks, so glad you noticed! So worth it for the looks I got. RT : I like how she's posed on an airport chair.
guest DJ's filling in for Laura Steele today Jody Shelley and Jamie Baker of the Sharks!
Seeing The 25th annual Putnam County spelling bee tonight :)
Preparing for my afternoon interview with John Cusack at #C2E2 . Followers, got any question suggestions?
I like saying hi to people!!!
State of Union!! My first in the USA
Ahee. I'm Savannah(: I have no clue howto work this shit. So a little help would be cool:)
What a night! I'm so hype on life right now. Wish I could be at #IMS though. That'd be the icing on the cake.
everyone home safely? I am! Reply yes to let me know when you are home. Fun drive to Seattle!
mirror image of game 2. Poor execution and rebounding cost us.
ALMOS had my voice back for a second there... --maybe next week--
have read 4 different dissertations today that did the Methods Chapter 4 different ways - does that mean I can do whatever I want?
Oh gorgeous (although it would give you turf burns on the inside of your arm)
#ConfessionTime When I was little I used to think yogurt made me smarter :s
Just got scratched up by this ol crazy azz gurl
Its weird getting excited about a game I have no chance at winning. Now I know how #Cubs fans feel.
“: If they don't play Call Me Maybe tomorrow I'll murder someone” Da fuck you think Prom is at? Club pegasus?
RT : RT : #Rays Will Rhymes has passed out on the field after being by a pitch in the arm.
::: dying ::: (ha!) RT : hey babe. What pattern did you cut the lawn with tonight?
you still tryna stay tomorrow ?
: lol u already know! Ha
Lets go sporting
I can't stand ms.blewetts voice -.-
"Practice makes perfect, but I believe practice makes progress. There's no perfection but there is definitely progress"
Thanks for following my twitter Sulema. Smile because it happened, nice, that's a positive spin.
“I met the surgeon general - he offered me a cigarette.”~Rodney Dangerfield
what did you think of Obama's support of #SSM?
After spending 3x longer in the airport then in the air, I am in NY. Please get me back to DC on time on Sunday.
Not bad, Danny - Anyone else in the clubhouse thinking about what their choices will be?
There is no you, there is only me.
Main problem with GIS, Peter Bol reminds us, is that time is not included as an attribute of space.
Never apologize for showing ur true feelings
225 green view belleville WI just listed. Look it up. Now off to Show a country home today. Then writing an offer on a Madison lake home.
for some reason this tweet just came to us :( hope you didn't eat bad snacks! what'd you end up having?
bout to tell this nigga to fuck of..
Awww the window washer just called me "beautiful"... Awww shucks!!! (blush)
I think I want to join a band. Anyone need the services of a 15-year rhythm guitarist can do solo breaks when the band needs to take a leak?
No problem! :)Doing anything excitimg this weekend?
Are there any bands out there who want to donate CDs/merch for Love4Haiti benefit on Saturday?
yeah especially when the coach doesn't even care about his team anymore.....
I still love little TJ saying hello at the bottom.
“: And it's official, Davonte Neal is off to... Notre Dame!” that really is a bust. Who knows the whole story but sounds bad.
hungry & sober.
While Yall Hoes Fucking For Me And My Bitch Trying To Get Rich......... In My Trina Voice
Hey Chicago! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Matt Kemp is on pace for 97 home runs.
Addicted to draw something. Thanks
"SaaS is a more effective way to deliver value to our customers." - Tom Ebling,CEO, Demandware
Have I told you the joke about the moldy cheese? I probably shouldn't. I could spoil the ending.
when is ur birthday???
Have questions? We have answers! We've added real-time live chat to our website. We're online during our normal business hours.
fine, may your elected mode of transportation safely get you to your desired location.
How you doing
and @ are our AmAzInG sponsors!!
my parents are coming from Turkey on Wed and we will have a 4th for #canasta :)
then you're an artist. one lady said 'when I put on a dress, it's art. when I walk, it's art'. what you need headshot for?
what an awesome varient :P I bet its value is a ton!!
Just sorting through emails and photos from single, avaliable men. I have a rough job, but I do it all for
The first step in getting people to own their stuff starts with a good, long look in my own mirror.
hey this is dark secret and we were wondering if yuh can help us with sum betz for this summer? Contact us kalabrown35
at the drinking with dave reese come have one with us Horny Goat Hideaway 2011 s 1 street
“: no. It was my father and he was scholarly. Always making me think.”. I like it. I had one of those fathers too. :)
Thx to for the DVD. And thx to for having a kick ass podcast I enjoy listening to the show
That ride home was way too entertaining
I can text whoever I want.
Program-based embedding: the importance of physical location, as well as curriculum. Can't agree more on location pt.
I need to start going to church routinely again.
I wish Comcast still carried universal sports!!
Thanks for the kazoo! Daughter might become professional!
thank god the brewer game is on. cant stand the knicks and the heat series.
Bet they're AB testing Obama email subject lines right now. "Give $3 and Biden might jump out of your wedding cake!"
Strength is not only surviving, but admitting your mistakes, realizing your weaknesses, acknowledging your accomplishments and taking action
woohoo!! 2nd grade science reports pay off yet again!
Awesome meeting you all tonight!!!
Have a good day, Stu! :)
You're welcome!
The po po is really messin with us. March is split!!! I'm getting angry
Could it be 9 already?!? Getting impatient!
#itshardwhen you are tryna revise , and the darts final is on... come on
Thank you for the mention! #ComeBlendWithUs!
Oh no! That guy is creepy.
Minn. Senate eyes user fees for Vikings stadium (The Associated Press)
Oops. I didn't notice that that was a retweet. Egg on my face, sir!
Welcome Back!
Great lunch today at the The Meatball sub was awesome!
Don't sweat the technique.
so far, the majority says "yes" interesting.
First session of Day 2: The Future of CSS w/ Eric Meyer (), author of CSS: The Definitive Guide
Thank you to for having me on tonight. Had a great conversation about the #WarOnWomen in #WI and beyond.
i would have.... so dont say no one... :D have a good day
Thanks. See you next month for the #SPOKES event?
I Never Lost My Touch With Spalding🏀
I'm gonna go ahead and call this: Sweden, Finland, Russia.
#stopsayingthat once u hit the #megamillions u gonna tell everybody 2 kiss yo ass lol Look after taxes and yo debts we see how much you have
DC with FLEX. fun!
Lol, the troll!
Staying focused on wholeness and client advocacy is my main goal for today.
"Who Run The World!" ~Beyonce ROCK ON!
Twitter is addicting.
cool! Very welcome. Love your site! Welcome home. Appreciate ya.
That dancing guy they just showed is going to be in my nightmares tonight. I know it.
Hey Interior Designers, where do you manage your portfolio?
trending all day baby!
Good luck on it!
I want one!!! How can I get one??
breathing is mainstream umm.. Fine i'll go with the first one :)
and the took my secret stalk method away too. I can't read others timelines now
Thanks :) not really trying to make it big, just focusing more on living off non-exclusive licensin. It's more realistic
Any #SC #PR pros w/ tips? RT : on the prowl for job in branding, #SM, and/or strategic marcomm in Charleston. any leads?
i had a feeling abel was gonna favorite that
Got the results of my Myers-Briggs Type Indicator. I'm a ESTP which means Extraversion,Sensing, Thinking, Perceiving. Interesting......
Asset based lending for healthcare www.doralhealthcarefinance.com Lending against Medicare, Medicaid, Commercial and Institutional A/R
Check out our online merch store and our iTunes page! We appreciate any support you can give us!
Good defense, better offense
I CANT WAIT FOR BELIEVE! I have to wait extra because its coming out when im not able to get it, BUT IM
RT : To avoid trouble, breath through your nose; it keeps your mouth shut.
I saw James Dean work magic in East of Eden last night.
I still think she's a bitch
that guy from Copa Di Vino just come back to get more exposure for himself or what? Didn't seem interested in money from the tank
you the one beefin on twitter I just wanna fight
Sometimes, a workout is so tough, I think I'd rather be fat.
Nervous I won't be ready today... Being sick all weekend sucked. Time to shower.
Lawn is a mess. I give up. Need a Milwaukee area Co. that can get rid of my dandelions.
What's happening in your world ? Weeks are whizzing by over here. Coming my way anytime soon?
#ff - you should know this guy, trust me.
Bryzgalov is another failure in a long list of failed goalies for the
Get the work done, and have a great time doing it. Experience, again and again, the priceless satisfaction of a job well done.
My dad n me are watchin softball man I miss the good ol days. Some of the best memories I have are from playin softball. 2nd base bitch 
hey <3 <3 how are you?
Recommend The Last Place on Earth by Huntford (BBC movie, too) to really understand 20 mi. march concept
It would make a huge difference. We would become a more literate society. It'd be great!
I be
And we're back. Z-105. CTA says service on the Blue Line has resumed with residual delays.
Dangerously intense lightning storm. Rapid build-up.
Does anyone know what happened to
listening to grown-up music, working on grown-up things...
Had a blast tonight for our meeting! Excellent customer service! Thank you!
Thanks for following! Look forward to checking our your tweets!
Yikes! Quickly grab a Boulevard and you might undo the damage.
Society of Hosteurs Covenant House Toy Drive www.nyit.edu/index.php/management/announcements/society_of_hosteurs_covenant_house_toy_drive/
At rehearsal for William Ingh's Picnic
We were blown away by the combined power of the chorus and symphony at rehearsal last night. Looking fwd to ending this season w/ a bang!
1st class volume down by 25% since 2006 MT ...basic first class model is perfectly serviceable..
anybody else have an amazing day like I did?!?(:
get this, a history professor told me that liberals use the word bigot to end conversations with those that disagree about gay marriage.
#UKWB sells out against Alabama, winless in the SEC, while LSU men's basketball can not sell out against #1 Kentucky. pretty remarkable
_|_~~! SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
at the barn- grooming my horse- getting gritty and dirty. what do you love to get gritty and dirty for?
lmao I got the same numbers 4 TD's and 2 picks...T-RAW island
yo my bro k lo k loko
Uhmmmm... agreed! *drooling* Wish I'd had a piece of this (or the whole thing) yesterday ;)
Girlfriend! You MUST warn people not to have a beverage in their mouths when they read this. Or be prepared to wipe screens.
It was poppin in OTR tonight! Beads were flying out to the full house at Motr! Happy Mardi Gras!
Woman sexually assaulted on a local college campus. Police release surveillance pic of attacker. Story at 5:30 on
...um what to wear for #SixFlags ???
I need to go dress and sandal shopping
Got an email from Northwest Archivists about a conference. Opened it because the subject was "NWA 2012." Not the NWA I was hoping for.
get yourself some frozen bags of peas!!!
lol, to each his or her own; hope you have a great day ahead of yourself despite it beginning outside of your comfort zone...
get over yourself not everything is about you
qirl depends if we rollin wit some chromes spinners or a donut
haha ya so what's up?
"Who matters most to you says the most about you." (SM) Mass Mutual
Backhanded compliments are the bane of polite society.
All y'all are beautiful.
you gotta be real eassy bubby
A cloudy mind makes you feel it will rain forever
Haircut bound!
OH "My mouse is in the closet!" Think he might have a new Magic Trackpad? Or is it something more Jedi?
Get to be on the floor today!!!
I had 2 choke slam last nite
Thanks for the retweet. What area of FL do you live in. I'm in Orlando.
saw kick ass on stage at your Halloween party! & sexxxi as f#*$ is in Ep 2
I need espresso in solid form. That's how potent it needs to be.
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Snell - David Walls for being named tournament MVP
You bet! I can still smell the soaps, soo good!
(c) all because the presale code was all over twitter..it really isn't too hard to go to the website and look. (C)
Exciting announcement: I'm partnering with to bring you the Seattle Asian Am Film Fest (formerly NWAAFF) in 2013. Details coming!
told u it was going to rain
one more thing before i get off line never back down if you be leave you can do it you can if you never give up you can that's how i made it
how your day ?
would love to see #Bruins offer him that type of deal.He's well worth it IMO. But w/ their cap model won't allow it
Wow...weird! Why are so many so stressed? Perhaps the stupid weather? Deadlines? Something is not quite aligned...
(2/2) Let's not lose our heads here. Last thing we want to do is insult tornadoes.
(Insert generic April Fools Day status about the band breaking up)
Zingy succotash and spice-crusted pork a lively dinner duo
diggin your pic... Very pretty and cute
and the #coolcreekconcertseries at :)
That's cool. I hate everyone. Hahaha
Dear Mom, because of you I'm who I am today. You carried me for 9 months and raised me. You're a strong woman. #HappyMothersDay I love you
? More like
Jus saw a limo at the Waffle House. Haha
Q: how many free beers have I had? A: yes.
was gud ms.Kay
i cant believe its the last episode of #desperatehousewives ever :(
Making a cameo tonight in DC, make sure you catch me there tmrw for my full set -- Every Saturday Night!
Many thanks, Jenny. And thanks for your early support of the book!
Found my old #thehushsound cd in my car, best car ride ever.
Yes the unisex is a little hard. AA is pretty consistent. Run a bit smaller.
What's everyone's thoughts on the #Badgers game? We'll RT your responses for all of our followers to see!
Lion king & tai food. Happy cinco de mayo?
Um, that's not my mom's name, Tara.
ok...watching #TheKilling.....is Holder dead or alive...
When your ex says "You'll never find someone like me" Reply with "Thats the point" ♥
what's up with the buxter comment from last night
Ill text you. A lovely lady shouldnt be alone ;)
I have to join in one evening
Do we need to teach every class every day?
2nd Place in Mr.Mater and 1st Place in Audience Favorite (y) yuhh good job everyone!
Shine responsibly!
How do you score a four on the Wonderlic? Morris Claiborne had to have purposely shrugged it off or something.
OK. She's not my favorite singer either. Today's music for the most part overall is crap. It's going in the wrong direction.
It's official: I am my dad. Only instead of yelling about minutes, I yell about mobile data usage. It doesn't grow on trees, you know.
His braces r gone, he's moving to Miami, making new music less ustreams.. everythings happening so fast I cant keep up. I'm so proud thoughh
Def sad. She's very brave. I just hope she lets herself heal and seeks help when in need of it.
Oh lullaby of birdland that's what I always hear, when you sigh / Never in my wordland could there be ways to reveal in a phrase how I feel
"Tell me, when your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?" - Tyrion
Between getting sick and getting busy, I will be unable to finish my #cssoff entry. Good luck to the rest. Can't wait to see what you did.
np, just one brother helpin another brother out.
followed follow me
did you play at Broome CC?
Paul Silas out as the #Bobcats head coach.
Greetings, Oliver!
oh snap! Prediction of an optimistic Louie, this season.
Interesting, powered by Yinzcam (?)
I love u
All right, all you party prom people, be good to each other and watch out.
Lmaooo ": Teachers straight off the boat, I need subtitles to understand them sometimes... #dhs"
Keep your vehicle running cool this summer by ensuring adequate coolant protection. We'll test your vehicle's coolant at any Express Lube.
If It Was Up To Me, I Would Be Chillen With Youu This Weekend Instead Of Going To My Mom's. Just Cause I Miss You So Fuckingg Much. <3
Only when my legs feel like they need more exercise than usual.
$5 to #Wikipedia that was long overdue
Yes, please!
we're all ready be together for this wedding! And you can drive!
yes #MyDick and it's amazingly clean(:
I hate the doctors office :( they have a bad fish that's all by its self..
Gah. I freakin hate my glasses . But I love being able to see. :)
im sorry ur getting divorced his loss ur any mans dream girl:-)
#edshow Mitt Romney plans to fix poor people's holes. YEAH.
My company's twitter feed is almost at 50k followers. Great source for PR and news - plus the tweeters behind it are awesome :)
But a wise prince knows an uneducated populace is easier to govern.
r u making another book??? i hope so <3
3 solutions to every problem: accept it, change it, leave it. If you can't accept it, change it. If you can't change it, leave it.
Callie is to stupid for me lol :)
Today, Senate Republicans block student loan bill
Your cheating on me? Wow.. He was right! Great..
if you find out let me know. I fail at designing power points :)
This game goin so hard
and I have a smart mouth. win for #mouth .
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE
do you know if the Facebook everyone is adding is real?
#isTurnedOnby the simple stuff ;; like the way u whisper in my ear :P
nice! Get them to fight in the Q&A. Be far better than the standard Q&A horseshit
": Woman at airline ticket counter: Have a great flight. Me: You too. #EVERYTIME" haha! Makes me laugh when people do this!!
Thank you! So good to see your smiling face tonight :)
Wishing all moms a wonderful Mother's Day.
Last show of JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG. It's been a great ride. Sad to see it end...
Thanks for the follow, CinemaSuicide! So happy to have found your website...
Ditto. Namely #lust, #sloth, &
village, are you doing mission work?
To paraphrase Missouri Hall of Famer Mark Twain, "The reports of Rush Limbaugh's greatness are greatly exaggerated."
Great - thank you. And thank you for your support of writers doing this work; so important
balls got big $ golf Tourny , thanks again Bro . You helped buy a leg for a kid !!!!!
please reply or call me!
Business Plan Competition Presentations tonight at 6:15 in the ESB! good luck you guys!!
We're going to be debuting a song from our new EP over at absolutepunk.net today, keep your eyes peeled!
on the eway already
... You 2 are #TeamLucky ... I just have to sit and watch. Cant badmouth any team :( This sucks.
God help me.
just finished watching. OMG OMG OMG! How are we gonna survive on that cliffhanger until September?
Michael Jordan scored 38 points...with the stomach flu. If that's not inspiration enough for a Chicago kid....
Why when you need 13 yards do you pass it 3...
Schools for the 
check out my book Detroit based lesbian female running an escort service! X click link on my page
Book on saleslion blog has free downloadable book on marketing
Many companies use analytics, not all of them win with analytics. Nathaniel Lin, #Analytics Executives Network
: he speak : Romney for natural marriage, Obama for unnatural marriage. and Bryan calls himself a Christian?!?
#feed9b Nine in Madison (at least). Just where I am....
hmm, maybe we should start personalizing all of our brochures for #mcdm alum...
I remember my first time calculating a satellite's fall back into earth
I like this bird living in my plant. He stands on our deck rail & chirps extra loud when we play music.
...and I figured Eddie had all the people he needed.
"Know how to garnish food so that it is more appealing to the eye and even more flavorful than before." -Marilyn vos Savant
policies (by default) are for user objects unless otherwise configured
Lol I Know Right !
When you drop your phone and your scared to look at it to see if the screen is broken...
The History Of The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition by bgpappa
FWIW: Grisly is NOT the same as gristley. Even though both can be disgusting.
I think it might be!! It's either #librarianship or #libraryschool ... I haven't figured out which...
Good Night! (:
I cant wait till tomorrow, thats when my weekend lifts off. Friday:Homecoming game/F.L.I, Saturday: Rubys :DD
mom chill
THE RETURN OF MONTA.
Thank you, Tamie! I'm happy to hear it: RT Just wanted to say I'm really enjoying "With Good Behavior" :)
I love Snooki and J-WOWW but I have neer seen a whole episode of Jersey Shore ever. Minute here minute there's about it.
creepy kitty
If u under 25 and u not gettin pussy atleast 4x a week n u gotta girl
NO BRO! I hate you. Your just gay& not being loud. :/ #talkbro. -i kid, I kid.<3
Javale slip screens are the funniest
Today I am La Paz. I am going to look for the place they invented the Paz Dispenser. What? Oh, how embarassing...
“There is a positive and a negative side, and at every moment I decide.”
re: APA citations. Certainly the lengthy 9th ed. APA Style book has lacunnae!
happy mothers day!
#1yearago #Assad thought he could stop the #arabspring from coming to #Syria. He was wrong.
So considering it's a leap does that mean we celebrate the day of our babies on April 13?
I have sent submission after submission this past week. I am gettin' tired easy. Does anybody got an easier way?
Just read your interview in The Signal! So glad you're leading such a great event and getting the word out in a big way!
Giroux/Crosby will be better over the long haul than Ovechkin/Crosby
Watching this beast ass zombie movie.
When I listened to him, I couldn't tell if he ws serious, I felt like someone was playin a joke on me ha
so true
is trying to figure out why she can not log into FB!!
tip to make mail a success...RT : identical mailings, 1 white, other colored paper; colored paper showed 20% incr. in response
Matt Smith announces 1 More Year left of #DoctorWho at the #NationalTVAwards as he confirms he is heading to Hollywood.
Raise a toast to St. Joe Strummer. I think he might have been our only decent teacher.
dave is right, it's so hot outside you could fry an egg
iLoove it when you give me head, but iHatee it when you give me headachees! xD __can't get enoughh!
ok Preshus don't get beside yourself
tell people to follow I am having a contest with my friend
Gretna senior center to stay put
Oh, I think u will LOVE Gone Girl. Totally agree she's a complete rock star. Sick and twisted stories? Yes please!
so and i seem to have similar tastes in guys. but i have one question, how do you feel about Nick Simmons??
You're right, Slennon Skarsgård. Sorry,
All praises to the most high for allowing me another day
I lost someone who i love very but i am trying to let go=)
": yes. you know i love to cook for you. <3" And only mee of course<3 :]
Hayden is Tweeting
Oh! I have a good one.
Just because you think you're better than everyone else, doesn't mean you can get whatever you want.
awe *blush ALERT* haha! :))
Can't sleep :c
STWSE could be a late day runner, watching to see if any big sell orders flash on L2.....
Just say "Blueberry Hill"... She'll get it several years from now!
congrats, , on your new teaching position!
If we were all rich we all would be miserable because everyone would be the same Cheergirl<333
Have you ever been to the MFA Summer Friday? Is it fun?
#muse2012 Matthew, my sentiments exactly. I calendared a registr reminder for Feb 1 2013 for
If nothing else this Sarah Phillips story is very interesting.
Why is #NeverEnding story not on #Netflix streaming? How will my Sunday be complete?
Can you follow me?<33
new evil eyes single droppn tuesday! (barring unforeseen circumstances)
The imagination is literally the workshop wherein are fashioned all plans created by man. - Napolean Hill
u tryna do what I showed u with my hands in LA? Lol
AG Van Hollen has appealed both judges' decisions. Supreme Court is expected to take up the matter, but hasn't scheduled a hearing yet.
the electronic show in vegas
I so enjoy a good nights sleep. The older I get the more I appreciate rest. LOL
We are so excited to be partnering with for our New Belgium Office Olympics!
Phoenix Coyotes GM Don Maloney announced today that the Coyotes have traded the negotiating rights of G Ilya Bryzgalov to the Flyers
It might be time for a food processor. Anyone have any thoughts on what to get or whether to even get one or not?
It's #KinkiThursday!
Wow!! Harsh. I can make jokes and the next time I see you i'll prove it :~)
I am at peace with that mighty sacrifice...
you looked so cute sleeping on Anthony's shoulder
Q1 The digital divide is still alive and well. Sometimes a circulating copy of a 2010 Encyc. Brit. is the best a kid can do for hw
Mean ASS Trigga Nigga Wont Follow Me..!!!!
catch us this Sunday night at the when we open for THE VIBRATORS !!
Hope is like a road in the country; there was never a road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence.
Missing my momma today. Hope she has a wonderful Mothers Day BBQ with all the fam :)
Today was an ok day
I love Jurassic park but everytime I get to the cow seen I wonder why I watch this movie
Right on. Silence is not golden when it comes to bullying.
you guys seem so happy now.. :)
Um sir? I'm not sure your pimp walk and lack in ability to wear your pants properly, qualifies you to be able to park in a handicap spot.
hahaha. You wrote "dunk"
does anyone have any good ideas for a response to literature unit?
These barriers prevent people from getting tested, receiving treatment, and clearing themselves of this disease
Before WDW had all the physical caches pulled, yes. There were only a few, but we got them. In 2002, we placed one at IOA. Cheers!
wont be able to play tonight man - prob wont be on to play much for a few weeks
Anemia sucks.
I wanna go to Canobie Lake wicked bad....
u called it
Wowza! RT : #MyDumbCoworker said "don't altercate the form. Can't have no altercations on it."
Reading outside again for lunch... just over heard: yeah there were a bunch of older women there - they were like 26? LOL!! OUCH!!
It's hard sometimes! Rewards for completing UR workout goal, not food! A buddy 2 keep U going or tweet us & we'll push U to go!
I could really use some pinchers of peril right now.
Will they let people come in and help? We're catching a bus down there from Oak Park to help! :)
WE WILL HUG. And maybe that should be a thing. #DearTeenMe author hugs.
If "God" came to you…and told you that "He" had lost a million "Black" children to violence…over the past 20 years.…….
I hate it when 60 Minutes is delayed by a football game when the Giants or Jets are losing badly
You're stealing away every part of my heart, come and replace all my selfish ways
Idc how old I am E.L.Fudge cookies are bomb
Hey..hows everyone ?
Epic MedSpa is offering $50 worth of delightful services for just $25! Don't miss it - www.crowdclick.com!
Who stopped?
“: If I hear one more Christmas song... I'm jumping off the bridge on my lunch break.” hahahahaha
I think mr.Billings is officialy CRAZY
I wanna either go to Hollywood arts or house of Anubis, those are my top 2 schools
I'm terrified too. I'm just trying to remind myself (and others) that I'm also an angry loudmouth feminist who votes.
Tonight, midnight 1 or 2 new songs debut.
Faith, hope and love!
Are the airlines just screwing with ? They could show but not book a flight; suspiciously, 's website had no problems…
So much for wolf boy.
About to ring the bell at NASDAQ, hope my smile works
Hey #CBS renew #RulesOfEngagement already!
Glad you liked it... let us know what you think! Would love feedback.
So apparently the hashtag #SomeWomenCantStand is NOT about female paraplegics.
Everything Iz Purple >SWAGG #A.$.$.B.H.H
Inside the Eagles: Eagles made critical plays to sustain 18-play TD march How many storylines can you cram into one drive? Plenty. Especi
#LiesIveToldMyParents they changed my schedule I dont have 1st period anymore
ill be depressed and lay around and do nothing and just be miserable
mike or Andrew I guess haha and that's cool..
W.21daypurificationprogram.com thank you #wssmiami for a phenom day!! Incredible program with incredible peeps!!! MiVi & badass u roc!
Today is just one of those days were its raining out and all you do is stay in your pjs all day watching Disney<3
oh so secretive...
5 more games...
Was so excited for soup that I burned my taste-buds right off. F'in a. Now I can't sleep
I'll mark my calendar for sure
Thanks to everyone who joined us for the #sdsurfcup! What a great weekend!
Single and broke im living the dream
Authors Guild : open access inimical to authors - academic authors disagree! # gbs
well see what we can do for you on the next giveaway
It is jumping off the cliff and trusting there will be a net. Or some comfy pillows. :)
wassup man I really need u to mix and master these tracks I heard some of work on youtube it sound prefect
Before I finish my homework, I'm going on a rant.
it feels so nice to not do work in ap class!!!
PS- Thank you for the compliment. After loosing 100 lbs and changing my life I started to dance like no one was watching
uhm not yet mr remember o said it was dumb? Haven't really changed my mind yet :)
haha I can always totally go for a brownie :) RT Could totally go for a brownie...
Oh, Steven Tyler is from Boston. I knew there was a reason I disliked him so much.
..Some people, eager for money, have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs."
Great things are possible only to strong souls and it’s from the trivial events of daily life that strength is won. L.W. Rogers
RT : 4 years ago today, Sen. Ted Kennedy endorsed Sen. Barack Obama at in Washington. A pivotal moment in '08 race.
Good morning to you... Girl, Boys and Couples....
Beaver fever, :( R.I.P.
It just makes you that much closer to being called a "Silver Fox" :)
Great idea! Please give them to someone who deserves them.
How the fuck is this suppose rivalries when I can't even fuckin reach you
guess what!
doubt it!!
Lmao I won, woo
were you joking about being the next.female asian rapper? If not, i support that yo!
And didn't the free energy thing involve gold or copper bits being released into the air?
2 love is nothing 2 be loved is something 2 love and be loved is everything I am nothing you’re something so let me be your everything
My throat hurts:/
it's crazy how people get blinded by fools
I fall apart and it figures, It's just the way I've always been
We will by the end of this week =] We are also looking for a vocalist too =]
SOPHIA NOREEN. Don't ever do that again.
thanks, don't believe that is overpayed considering how good he can be
Sydney Morning Herald Promises An End To An Old Trick Of The ...
Thanks for your reply, Amir. I'll hit you up in a week or two. Good luck with your current projects!
Fine u?
M Chili Pie. RT : hold in the firy depths of mount doom for one hour.
Logging off, now. Bye. ♥ u all! Can't wait for Ariana's live chat, e!
#Retweet If You A 90's Baby With No Babies ( Follow get 500+ followers instantly) :)). -- Ms NO BULLSHIT™ ()
RT : $50 / pound. That's how much you pay for coffee when you buy the 10-pack Keurig cups. -- WHAT!!???
As a kid I was hit in the face by a pitch thrown from a Texas Ranger baseball player (forget who) at a picnic.
Savings Tip - Lower thermostat on hot water heater to 120°F
Haha good stuff on the George Bush article man.
Are family just needs to forgive and forget good lord they act like children, they need to get along for their brother Randy!
Just got a couple of big opportunities coming up... Thank God for favor!
wow are you dyslexic orr??
yessssirr! You know we comin for that number 1 spot!
fail... Mandatory "upgrade" to new version removed two key features making it unusable for me, support call was useless
Why don't they just arrest Zimmerman and let the courts sort it out? My mom has been arrested for less, more than once.
One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
Chris Young marry me!
haha Naul will make sure we get some work done!
I hate it when jealous people post on your profile out of spite. Some people never change.
Happy Easter everyone! Hope y'all have a good one. :)
The Bucs earned a place in the hall of shame this afternoon, with less than 100 yards of offense, and a 3rd loss. Final: Giants 24, Bucs 0.
Thank you girl! xoxoxoxoxoxo
Sharpie really fighting it. He'll get one tonight!
My parents don't let me go out,yet the house is fucking boring.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Drive By
Walking with my best friend and her kids.
"Lemme see ya get high, and go low"
Air china ad placed after huntsman's speech on CNN
Congrats on ultrasound today! It's such a fun experience. ('cept for drinking all the H2O & feeling like u have 2 pee pants)
J.D.: "I'm not a dorky recluse, I don't get good grades, and I'm with people all the time!"
The Greek pulling out of the US market for sports bettors is just as big when Pinnacle left...
hey sure I'll follow you back :)
if I live, I shall kill you, if I die, you are forgiven. Such is the rule of honor
The ugly one! And I think it prompted me to threaten to run away...
Some breakfast, then getting ready to head to the Lunmis Day festival. I <3 Northeast LA!
Ha! For sure lol!
Glad I saw you Alexa ::D
Finished a scene.
Those who realize their folly are not true fools." -Chuang tzu
Well thanks you ;) Do it! RT : just found , great music! Find them on instagram too!
Hey happy opening day see you soon!
lol :( our lives are so hard. i might go running now since the sun is hiding :D
I felt that way the other night when retweeted me. Lol
So true! RT True 90's kids have used the phrase "Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet."
Thank you! RT : happy birthday
hey 360 thanks for following!!! ya'll should help me reach my true potential
LOVE someone like you, hooked;p love you!
RT : This talking point was exhausted in 1987. RT : Medicare trust fund exhausted in 2024, Social Security in 2033
yeh but I'm kind better still in treatment
I might as well say it now since im not goin 2 be up in da A.M. So...G'Morning Tweepz!
Awww!! You look just like your mommy!!
desperate times call for desperate measures my friend. desperate.
blessing all ways
i need a waffle.
or on you. Your choice. Happy Holidays!!!
Capitol Momentum is The Best!
"Most marketers agree that consumers don’t really buy products or brands. Consumers buy what those brands promise to do for them."
I love Big Brodous Clay's two valets
No playoffs this year, another failed season. Where does this team go from here? They aren't close!
Thank you so much U guys for all of the DM mentions and all the LUV We promise to get free Itunes release for all of you guys who retweeted
On my way to event powered by providing hundred of families with roadmap to Aaron higher education !
Vanilla custard with rainbow jimmies from ritas.
Good! Why your there you may as well tell them to take you on tour or let you make an appearance during the Cincinnati date! :)
huh? on my left knee
Oh my god, I just realized I hold my mouth like my mother....
That is absord!! And Makes Absolutely Every Bit Of Sense.. Hmm..
Funny you would say that
I love you so much . Thank you for always bringing joy to my life!
.......... RT : My desktop finally died today after 7 good years together. Can we please have a moment of silence?
not passing up a good look for himself. That's all I'm saying.
Ideas how to organize avids/mavens into a community and give them extra info e.g. cast change announcements before press release.
Funsize.. Thats not so badd.. && True he'll get taller . but i dont get it.. when u get OLD do u like shrink or sumthing?!?
Do your best impression of your favorite animal! <3 May 24 Section 102 Row CC seats 13 and 14
Thanks guys! (:
Husband Murders Family Members for Feeding His Cancer-Stricken Wife Tea and Toast Instead of an Orange -
The Ironbound is a ______ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large == >> Fill in the blank!
2 more followers till i hit 200 :O.
It's a girl! Capri is the mama and she weighs 10.5 pounds.
Hard to believe last time I saw The Black Keys, they were playing at the Avalon (1100). Now they are playing the Honda Ctr (17k) in Anaheim.
Yes, but that doesn't help the young receivers who are trying to learn the system. Just shoots the team in the foot.
Yeah you do
Reading about RDA, FRBR, FRAB - oy..getting so sleepy. And these boys need to stop singing in the library
Dying hair :)
Dude, I am the unofficial mayor of Starbucks. :)
I did and its one of my favorite RT : Who has tried the Watermelon #Assault ???
Achtenberg--trauma stories are fragmented and voice is enormously important
Lmao right! Same thing on my TL!
Print deadline moved up by 15 hours? Time to switch over to the kicking-ass playlist.
I would love to see more games >:D A blog would also be great :)
I'll say this...it was insightful.
The tall guy in Lady Antebellum has a HOT wife!
interesting article. thx. "only B12 fortified foods and B12 supplements have proven themselves as reliable sources of B12"...
: Me too!! Until I get sick :( Lol
hey Rob! Yep working for MLB & loving it. Hope all is well!
We'll be there! RT Today is UPAF's 2012 Campaign Kickoff! Celebrate with us & talented Member Groups at the Harley-Davidson Museum!
checkin out Robert Glasper in Memphis TN tonite. This guy album is incredible! I hear the show is supposed to be even better. Excited!
I think that our stellar wit and sarcasm will be useless against zombies. Machete, perhaps?
nobody does.
Retweet follow - tweeting from 2nd floor of a school in Galveston, the 1st floor is flooded
That would be awesome, I'd be down.
Sitting here watchn #TLC A Baby Story, aw
No it is not! This is GODS Team!
H -Town -Nothing in Common!!! :)
T just saw some lady's thong straps. He may never get over it. He's traumatized.
im all about Chickens today! Citrus & rosemary Roasted with Veggies Galore... oh And some bacon braised Brussels M M
damn patty how u gonna play me like that! If anything I was THICK lmao
Very excited to see Deep River featured in M Magazine. It features a kitchen remodel in Shorewood.Look for it on your local magazine stands.
99 cookies cause i bitch ate one
please learn to decipher between my complaining and my threatening physical harm, please and thank you.
I feel HONORED ... #Respect :) RT : #WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter - my first tweet was to my dear old pal !
Have a great weekend everyone!
Semi-finals of #DWTS Gotta come down to #William & #Donald They r the best!!
Found a 1939 nickel in my change. Don't know if it signifies any luck, but it's pretty cool.
thank you so much for the kind words. :)
I said "jk"
solita of course! No doy! ;p Not fibroids, just a hormonal shift o.O My body is aging. My biological clock is ticking!!!!! D:
Co-director and I did most admin stuff. I think we'd change that if we had a more permanent company.
Thank you for the tweets & congrats!
ALERT! We'll be closed 4pm-5pm to set up for our NYE Free Play Party! Doors open at 5pm, $15 cover (includes champagne toast). 21+!
Do I get jealous? Yes. Do I cry randomly? Yes. Do I get angry? Yes. Am I perfect? No. I'm only me.
Hey - if you'd like a buddy to join you at Miller Park sometime, I'd love to do that!
