oh. What was it for?
when i edit pictures im so concentrated and time goes by so fast lol
Now I know there is a rift between and No doubts whatsoever. New to , what can I say.
thanks for following me! Modeling is my passion! Facebook spruce the model click like to support my page! Thanks
your lyric tweets make me sing in my head :p
Here's to the bright New Year, and a fond farewell to the old; here's to the things that are yet to come, and to the memories that we hold.
Less is more.
hell yea man! Can't wait
If your awake raise your hand (:
Ok, but this guy better #BallSoHard like he says he does!
They finished 2nd in the league in 2008-09
- there's a difference? ;-)
roasted them in the oven with olive oil & salt. Simpler than I usually do them, but perfect for today!
I know! There's no option at the end of a chapter you HAVE to keep reading!
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea. – Jim Rohn
like she said i really need to get my lifee together.
Really ugly day here in DC. Wish this mess would clear up.
we're very high-tech, scott, as you know
idk its all over ur backround not 2 b a creeper but I dnt think ur obssesed its nit like u have a cheeta shirt
Merry Christmas Twitter Fam
Q: How many Taureans does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: Taureans don't like to change anything.
i would like to say Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mommy
aight I got you. Text me your new e-mail
Voted at Precinct 16. Judge said about 200 of 3,000 voters had been there. First time there were no campaign people at the polling place.
Happy Tnanksgiving, and the insanity has started, #blackfriday shoppers already trampling each other, sheesh!
For as long as i been playing basketball I feel more comfortable on the wing as the 2 guard
Posting commercials to Comcast, WSB, WXIA, and WGCL. Each station wants a different format... doh!
we are lucky they don't have chain nets!!!!!
RT : I do good things simply because I'm a good person.
The word of the day is
Thank you “: wow huge bummer to find that nyt has discontinued weekend business.boo! inexplicable and will be sorely missed.”
I pretty much love you for the raw popcorn recipe! Thanks! :-)
I am updating my port and looking to offer free portrait session and images. R U or friend interested? FB/camseaphotography
Take a deep breath and shake it off.
Work Hard, Play Hard! Culture of a company is key to success and a creative staff. Margo has it going on, fly high! (CC )
dang your so lucky!
No need to imagine. We have ICP to give us that.
But , im already following !! so you should at least give a shout out ;) <3
is the streaming working for you? tried chrome, firefox and even dreaded IE...
If God never does anything else for me, He has already done enough!
“: SO many straight hot bodies here and I can't!!! #CollegePoolParty” #143 you make me lol all day long
that's a funny one
#DC407 newbCTF went well considering I pulled it out of my ass in less than an hour. Glad to see first-timers popping boxes
Some people put walls up, not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to knock them down
I feel like my mom was buggin out about something , but I don't remember if it was exactly that. You know how my mom is lol
Last two tweets should refer to 75 not 275
Thanks Dave! I hope all is well!
at least the wave around worked out this time
I'm good, what about you? :)
meeting with trill chick tomorrow
radio all day
Did 10 miles on the bike today, but didn't go anywhere as it was at the gym. Ah well, I will accomplish.
Sometimes my security needs security
shall i get you some Thunder gear too
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 68
she was dealt a bad hand in life; ugly AND stupid.
So what movie to watch now.....*proceeds to website*
"Damn, girl, you crafty! Martha Stewart ain't got nothin' on you!" ~girl who just left my shop :)
you have no idea! no shame in that, everyone starts somewhere!
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
Lawrence police officer tells me folks were lined up outside a bar at 6. Lets all make sure we are safe and well behaved.
I was just on eBay and Amazon lol
If you like music you will love talking to me .
This #rainy day is making me so
hey luv..Today is my birthday, by Faver congratulate me? luv u 3
Women have to bring their A game as far as dressing and performing the tasks at hand.
you should go look at my backround ;) ahhah i think youd love it :)
Super cool! I wish I could be there. Unfortunately, I'll be on another story. -K
Matusz is at 73 pitches with one out in the fourth. Not the comeback effort he was hoping for, obviously.
The weather and area is good for an outdoorsman like myself. I just sold my business in CA &am looking to start over again here
the gods of inspiration are doing their jobs extra well this week.
hey i hope u having a great day
: Ever had a "mofongo"?
I think the number two child was put on earth to drive parents over the edge.
Is Lenny Kravitz anyone's favorite guitar player?
I'm out of the Haute for good. I'm going to miss you guys!
Good mornin folk
what are you wearing?! LET'S MOSH THE NIGHT AWAY! OH. how do you spell squirrel?
RT : NEW YORK (AP) - Dow Jones industrial average closes above 13,000 for first time since 2008 financial crisis
Watching a bit of the #CSU game CMON RAMMIES!! Way to go Cougars yesterday vs Iona
A snowy run is totally worth the torture of getting out of a warm bed
what u doing tomorrow bruh
#sxspeed track looks sweet.. Let's go villopoto
it is but Kentucky is a team I've rooted for a while since me brother goes there
“: Landry Fields from the LBC. That's all.”
R u getting much snow? We are having light year here.
RT : Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader's. STEPHEN KING
GOT IN SAFETLY FROM #CrenshawMS SHOWED UP & SHOWED OUT AS USUAL #TeamDimeADozen WAS IN DA BUILDING 2
He Is Risen!
Holtby jersey ordered!
Attitude is a little thing but ATTITUDE is a BIG THING to people who don't let stuff go. like a TUFF GUY who will get mad at somthing STUPID
LMAO stop making me geek
genizah.org is a beautiful archive of manuscript fragments. Wishing gramoty.ru were done that way.
We appreciate your help regardless of the outcome. Thanks! We'd love to come to MD. Keep you posted.
Jeff is here... capping off a busy week of seemingly 5 consecutive mondays!
Thanks so much for the follow, Alina! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon? :)
My fave #GossipGirl scene is when we find out who gossipgirl is! share yours with for a chance to win!
The iPad trumps Big Oil! Now that's really something to Like!
LETS GO MAVS!!!
Cannot wait to see how amazing Madonna looks today!!
In grocery store, wanted sign around my neck saying "Low-residue diet! Doctor's orders! Would NEVER buy white bread otherwise!"
what's the craziest thing you've ever done?
good questions. Don't know any of the answers, sorry
Haha, I like free bagels, too. I would probably be excited if my office had them, but alas, government is no fun
What model?
Today i wanna skate !
can you use it with You Tube or is that it's on entity?
tent, rental car, fixing car. Not on brazilian blowouts :)
R.I.P. Harriet "Harry," our dearly beloved tarantula, of happy old age.
We are getting there! We'd have to share the world with the #HiddlePanthers of course!
Truth. L.O.V.E. RT : Be the kind of friend you want others to be to you. 💓☀
The entire collection of Lives of the Saints is on sale for $146.50. Normally 220 with shipping.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
me too ;D
I would say Sundays usually but I have this weds off...
that & what's yet to come is a product of your work & positive demeanor. I'm thankful to u for the same opportunity to HB.
What is your time of completion MotherFucker?
I hate public transit / how expensive cabs are. Need to hop on that bike soon.
Graduations are boring anyways. Just take the diploma and let's go, hahaha. I'm just kidding ;p
Lee Woodruff says you don't see military in uniform in NYC most folks don't know family or friends in military must raisr awareness
#COUNTDOWN ! In 10 more dayss she's gonna be swagged out ! Can't wait ! Omg, new hair , & a new me, on Mar. 23 ! Are y'all ready?? Cuz I am
Oh! Sarah asked me to, but I already had plans. I originally thought it was Sunday, not today. :-(
I'm hating everything right now, stop the blood flow, PLEASE!!!!
I dont like Hollie Im not hating on her! I just dont think she sings that good thats all!
I do man. What date at the Rex? I've only seen a handful of local rappers. Want to set up a show w/ a punk band?
i'd really appreciate a shoutout
who'd wanna pay for it though is all im saying.. lol jk go get inspired ;]
Late night
Hope you are taking full advantage!
What's the hot skinny?
ten mintuns tills #misletoe comes out !!!!!!
*yalls not talk
There are only 2 chicks I'd nut in real talk...one is on my timeline and the other is Oprah ...ijs Oprah got a fat ole ass plus those lips?
looks so good enjoy!
Web-Site has been updated, however still in construction so keep checking back for new offers!
Follow and ill follow you
College football kickoff tonight!! FINALLY!!!!!! Happy Hour until 7.....
L&L recommends for integrated #SocialMedia capabilities: good service, great pricing! (Shameless Commerce?)
Why does it seem like all the old Tobacco cards I'm painting are only of Ty Cobb?! Was it like, 1st base: bugs bunny, 2nd base: bugs bunny?
: DUDE, you are AWESOME!
Wake up! So Collison & Ibaka is enough? I'm a Kobe hater but even I know LAL Bigs are too much w/o Perkins
so happy you found us! we are in san fran too if you make it out west often!
so sad wanting to just.....die
#OhMyGoodness jesse james!!! U R crazier than a muthafucka!!! But totally good idea :]
"i wish i had water" "its cause were stupid"
A personal message to Sarah "Crosshairs" Palin and others of her ilk - stop the hate mongering rhetoric now.
Yay! RT Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives at #4c12 on my list today to talk about Twitter literacy!”
thanks for your work with animals!!!
I'm in a Model T taxi to the Peabody now. Giddy up!
Oh yeah, lip-biters. Total turn on. ;)
it sounds dumb, but it's actually hilarious
Can't watch the Nuggs they start blowing it when I do....guess I'll watch the Rox
Wanna make a difference? Join us this sat to volunteer w/ #dhFIT - www.skinnerpark.org
The "everybody jones" video is so funny cool....omg, becky
We wanna send big birthday wishes to for kicking off online 2 years ago today. Y'all is awesome and we luvs ya!
My whole body is ZAPPED!
As a 22-year-old broke college graduate, things could be worse. Keep the chin up,
Marco can help your practice go from GOOD to GREAT! Join us at #vsnam12 booth 131 to find out how! (But we won't teach you how to dance!!)
no offense, but that's what he's going to say whether it's true or not.
It's Spring! Time to redecorate? We got whatchoo need: www.midcenturymobler.com
My parents have finally started to get why I ride a bike. Their friends think I'm on a daily suicide mission. Hard!
that looks cool. thanks for the share.
I'll be there first row!
I miss everyone from my senior class, well...not everyone!
thats really cool!:)
Huge headache hit me about half an hour ago. Hopefully the medicine I took will kick in soon. Ugh.
To bed Fred!!!
so proud of u at the VMAs tonight congratulations! u definatley deserved that award! #belieber.<3 love and support u always!
You NEED To Follow (:
#StopBraggingAbout how your gonna marry Justin Bieber. Flat Chested girls like this need to shut up.
umm I'm not sure. Lol I'll ask my mom an let you know!!
Q2: Do they have any kind of melatonin tea for sleep?
why are not on america got talent anymore you where the best judge
Do you like seeing your favorite brands on ? If so, why?
they say karma comes around, used to want you, but i don't now .
Noted. I seem to recall Black Francis recorded a new score for that at some point in the recent past.
Rock Chalk!! RT Another Bill Self team that shouldn't be this good is really, really good.
I think Twitter's short form doesn't always allow for those finer points to be explained. I hear ya!
No, I've seen maybe 5 eps ever. RT “: have you seen when Sheldon has Penny sing 'soft kitty' to him?
GO READ PART TWO OF FAR AWAY!:D
Only way you can fail is if you give up-Cynthia Delaney.
Not everyone can make to the #Occupy protests, but if you have other useful skills or can donate supplies... that will work too! Hook up!!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 63
So tired. Good night!
People everywhere are the same. the same type of people you can't stand in ATL you will find in MIA, LA, NY, CHI, DC, etc.
Thanks! I'm sad to be so far away from Lehigh, but very happy about the job!
mom doesn't want to hear it. she told you to put on sunscreen
s/o to THANKS for following!
is ruining Christmases left and right.
Read: sometimes on the washing machine.
ok I will do that, thanks!
definitely a night to remember cc:
Peter please don't grow up and move to Iowa. Illinois. One of them. HAPPY GRADUATION WEEKEND
r u talking about this Saturday? Cuz I'm gonna be there too!
STANDUP360 COMEDY FESTIVAL-New Guns of Comedy audition show TONIGHT! See the funniest NYC COMICS & ME COMEDY CLUB 7:30PM(53rd&8th)
enjoying this beautiful sunday morning~ <3 ♬♪♬
You too. I wouldn't wish this cold on my worst enemy- sore throat, runny nose, and a fever. A nasty bit of business.
So fun.
The moment you get a little too excited and piss ur self a bit.
Just in! Attn #wine lovers! Via - bid on a magnum of #DavidArthur at the Dinner 12/30!
Really...huh. QT : Alan Liu #dha2012 'History is on a different evolutionary branch of digital humanities to literary studies'
Where is the love?
Nice!I wi;ll get my matching tattoos when I get my card. And who knows..maybe the hoverround is a birthday gift
I'm having an issue logging in to your chat application. I'm getting the "twitter blew up" error. Any advice?
Can we start a music revolution!?!
big daddy all on m as TL noin I need ha right na
RT : Don't fall before you're pushed. - Proverb
Generous people are rarely mentally ill people
I swear I was SOO fake in elementary school. HAHA! that's because I let popularity get to my head. But that was so LONG ago.
Thanks for reading and RTing that article. Really crucial. Heard we might be seeing you guys soon. PLZ MAKE IT SO!
greetings from USA back to you Danny!
It's always sunny when is in town. Gawd, what a day.
who loves ganja?
Any bikers in the area? We want to 'meet' you all - let us know!
RT : Shout out to everybody on that #LAHustle cuz I know I'm on it ya dig
Spotted: Four (presumably not stolen) Mustangs and two Beamers on the ride from Racine to Milwaukee. The recession really must be over...
The Peru com Bacon is calling your name...
Where are you gathering for #4sqDay Miami? Tell us where you are show us what you're doing! ;-}
Drew Peterson is such a slimeball!! I hope he ets indicted and he gets a nice boyfriend in jail that appreciates his sense of humor!
My conclusion is women are dillusional and retarded
#niners get on the board! time for a #drink! Go #49ers!
Don't wake up. Stay stay stay. It's so pretty down there. And it's inevitable we will meet. Of course! :)
I just saw Larry Abraham, Mayor of the Village of Los Ranchos, stand and applaud in support of the Paseo Del Norte project. Thank you sir!
Wishing everyone a very creative day!
Jp,the robot guy off of grandmas boy >
Number of Votes recently made... 0
The declawed cats that I feel most sorry for are the ones that want to play scratch off lottery tickets.
I can see him now...with his skinny jeans and flat-billed silver and black hat! Bring back the wallet chain!
I'm going to nwcta junior year! Hopefully...
They in here really talking about Going To the zoo. Lol
Could be for both purposes. Basically, I'd like to draw attention to preservation issues by taking pleasant-looking photographs.
back in San Diego in July. >.<
Break garbage, break quality, break ANYTHING! JUST FILL THE EMPTY 2 SECONDS OF SPACE
Are you like part Asian? #Curious lol
Check Twitter for show updates (Mondays 10pm-midnight) 89.9 FM-NY. Find us at www.wkcr.org.
If I'm at 700 followers I'm throwing a party for all
I decided to get into my day to see if I can unearth what's summoned me from my rest.
Thanks to for the RT to 6,413 followers. That's a power RT!
You google it you're the one sitting at home lol
Via : Can 35,000 People Learn Anything from an Online Class? |...
I think we're counting down to some big peaks and valleys on the STREET today.
Have a wonderful day, lovely lady!!!!!!
It's doc style film in the same vein as Cloverfield and The Blair Witch project about the existence of Trolls in Norway.
aaaarghghghhhh! I finally decide I want the HTC Incredible and now Verizon introduces the Droid X!!!!!!!!!!!! what to do!?!!!
I have finally finished the rewites for my kids performance on the 21st. I am having auditions for the kidies on Wed. I love teaching!
Have lived in four cities in my lifetime. Portland, Nashville, DC, and NYC.
SexyRomance, thanks for following us on Twitter!
billy madison
Ballet class tonight, Thursday 6 to 7:30 pm at Dance Alloy Theatre.
oh #GoogleEarth so functional in so many ways, yet so unable to easily label polygons based on data
Are you?!?! One of my fav places. Have a great time! I'll be looking for pics!
If you can lay your head on your pillow each night knowing you gave hundred per cent to your day, success will find you. -Russell L. Mason
Facebook is changing AND we're changing with it! Watch for our new look in the next couple days!
I made my donation to tonight... I give my time and my cash... What about you?
What are peoples thoughts on Will Ferrell as Steve's replacement on The Office?
You know this, lol
Finally got myself an instagram
Since when did "staying in touch" mean liking Facebook statuses?
Touch screen TVs... Really? I do not think people will get off the couch or recliner to touch their big screen TV.
The New York times has an op-ed piece about how Al-Qaeda is not Web 2.0 enough. That's disturbing in more ways than I can sanely enumerate.
I won't. My gas station is down riht now anyways. System crashed :(
thanks Mollie!! How are you? I love seeing all the fun things you're doing!
I be workin I forget /:
Call us! 877-244-9913 - We sell printed tshirts and embroidered polos - scrubs, safety wear, caps, bags, and more.
Going too HAM right now at the gym lol
Teaching both Rousseau and Melville today - an embarrassment of riches - hope my students feel that way too.
Holiday Financing available if you call today! 877-330-5225
following :) Thanks for the love and support!!
Need a Mother's Day gift idea? How about tickets to Live at the Hollywood on May 12th?
All I know is that "tacky Christmas sweaters" are one of the hottest sellers on eBay @ this time, so if you can post some...
This just in: Embarking on an international music festival tour. Next up, Vegas EDC in May + Barcelona Sensation in October.
Oh no! Yikes.
Nnamdi is taking his talents to South Philly.
all day.
dad and bill made laugh and feel better :)
Hey great updates, much appreciated! :)
On the plus side, my right hand is itching.
I'm always watching ;)
It's really cute! We were envisioning more Princess Leia-ish.
Label Contest for Wine Diego. Accepting Labels email - to enter
Oh yes, it's Monday.
So it seems lol...
I don't get it, I figured a 30+ year old married male would be a shoe in for athletes with free Super Bowl tix
Children illustrations will be released soon
Lol I forgot your name wasn't Rigby :D
when life gets tough, it helps you re-evaluate your priorities. Looking forward to what God has in store for the future!
Oh the things you tell me..
That's really gross I've seen people pooping on the street but thank god I've never stepped in it.
#highlife forever baby
Finally I can get my daily baby intake in pill form.
Gorgeous day out - perfect for leading ambassadors followed by a nice snack outside :)
Watching Man vs Food right now, too, huh?
does anyone else instantly turn into a 3 year old and can't find there mouth as soon as they put on a white shirt
God shows up and shows out!
Sounds like you've been on a songwriting roll lately! Can't wait to hear 'em :) I'm also excited for #KaysleeEP!!
Vocals begin tomorrow!
Hey - companies that make cheap razors... STOP!
Omg wow! Girls these days! Bwahaha that kinda made me a little less mad! Woow
Happy Mothers Day to all of my followers! This day is for you!
I want to be the next big comedian need financing now!
smh mentions #loose-ing outchea. You a brave man, bro!! A brave man! F*ck what Twitter says!
The final product! Amazing! Love. it.
I bet Lee Press-On Nails paid handsomely for that product placement.
is back from hiatus! House party show, sat night 409 Bushnell get some
rip betty. you were a boring fish anyways.
yeah it wasnt to bad of a day! ...you making it out this season?
that was funny. I saw all your tries and erases
come in and dunk on someone's face
That's awesome!
Paul George and George Hill weigh in on fatigue/final playoff push tonight at 6:20 on WISH...Pacers host Raptors at 7.
I'm craving some coffee with that toast & jam O_O m.
Thank you!
Love this idea MT "sloppiness" is key to successful #publicspaces--unfinished allows for improvisation
I change my avi a lot!!!
this day is going by so slow -__-
Beautiful sunset right now, but can't get a good pic from my vantage point.
Never apologize for Wilson Phillips.
I was wrong. Ghost chili sauce is NOT an everyday condiment.
Thanks for the follow. I'm compiling a list of fav #travelmemoirs. Which book gave you wanderlust?
I am seeing mortgage interest rates inching upwards. Still in the 4's. Now would be the perfect time to buy. Don't lose your chance.
Haha ya big dork! Miss ya ♥
TLC TODAY IS OUR Day of Learning!!!. Free Webinars All Day Long! bit.ly/mz8l66 #edtech (please RT)
"I represent the nati"
It covers G/K chaps 10, 11, 12 + readings from TAP, Moodle, etc and the 3 videos shown in the last 3 classes (will post links)
U might be my new excuse to plan a Hawaii vacation. It must be amazing. #boldmove but probably worth it!
Somebody tell Reggie miller he's has too much money to have such poor suit selection
Well that blows
Cheesecake Factory :)
I would worship you if you bought me Real Madrid vs Juventua tickets for august! ;D
If you want to be important in someone’s life you have to BE their when it is important.
Go, fight, win! RT : Headed to rally to support #paidsickdays here in #seattle. We'll be live tweeting form the rally.
: Funny. My motto is if Frodo could carry the Ring all the way to Mordor, I can conquer a measly paper.
Still sandwiches, soda, cake, and lots of mustard done in the lobby!
Aww, that's too bad. It's one of my fav places in the neighborhood.
Why are you guys closing picnik? :( .
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
move to Vegas, we got a few! ;)
Hell yeah Giant's ball baby!
Thanks for the shout-out!
Looking forward to the Women of Vision Awards Banquet in Santa Clara next month
: The game changed very quickly. Thought ND was getting back in it. Looked up and they were down big.
so what shoes?
Harry styles might go solo :o are you leaving one direction??
Try this desk stretch: While seated, put both hands on your knees lock your elbows, roll your shoulders back while keeping your chest up
Lectures today on the St. Clair Family (of Uncle Tom's Cabin); post Great War Europe; and the Koran in Islamic History.
Congrats! RT : Hurray for PiPress books ed Mary Ann Grossmann who will get Midwest Independent Publishing Assn award in May!
“: Will you be at #SMWHealth today? Join the FDA Crowdsourcing session at 4:30 and say hi to me ”
someone has hacked your Tw, Jessica, I'm getting spam and malware attempts from your account
Trying to make 1 trip :) I'm totally the girl who will leave her shopping cart behind and walk to my car with 4 heavy bags
This damn thing won't dial up to any of the numbers I've tried :( WHERE IS AOL??
draw cocks on your walls
Fans come & go but mahomies will be there for until they die.
Mailman? or Mailwoman? or Mailperson? Isn't it 'letter carrier', e.g. Natl Assoc of Letter Carriers? Jerry B was a mailman?
Happy Easter! Today we celebrate - Jesus beat death! He is alive and when we are in Him, we are too! Alleluia!
Idk why but your just worth it.
...lmao u cnt be a cheap sugar mama
His physical limbs expand, and his outline recedes, vanishes
I thought I saw Meador last week in her car, I was more nervous than when I see cops she still has that hold on me. DEVIL WOMAN
LOL! Amd maybe #wifi-gate! RT : This year will be known as
I love my life and the direction its going in. :)
Looking to interview current Artistic Homes residents to add to our testimonial page.
you don't need to lose weight
Hey ! Killer event today!!!
thanks for suggesting madeline fruman she's awesome! thanks for helping ppl who deserve to be know get there!
is getting ready to jump on the Harley and go ride all day!
hopefully CEO has vision and Direction like a CEO is supposed to have... Appreciate you getting back to me...
sure. when/where? im flexible
Sometimes Ion even be hungry, I just feel like eating
thank you! Have a great one!
New Tweet Peeps! Thanks for following , @ PreacherLyons
will do! definitely leaning toward the plain shoe option.
When life hands you vandalism make vandalade!
Bitches ain't shit dats why I diss em heard she suck dick so u bet not kiss her
Seventy-five teens ballroom dancing at the Brooklyn Museum. Now, that absolutely made my Friday night!
#laisready Go Galaxy!
Believe doctors and nothing’s wholesome; believe theologians and nothing’s innocent; believe the military and nothing’s safe.~Lord Salisbury
Let's get it ooonnn
Final chance to get that free PBR after #NOgoodDEED tonight.
Ready to head to for 'ending homelessness in 59 min' lunch w/ & other colleagues
You should be, it's a hard thing to do.
somebody get this girl out of my history class
hahha I miss you to!!
Thanks my friend! You too.
#AskAriana Shout out to Catherine Gonzalez from Florida ? Follow me please :) <33
trying to recover all my contacts into my phone by personally asking everyone
How does this man not know that he smells like an onions bastard child
Trying to find a move Friday...
His Twitter Name Is Check My Bio Out...
222 years ago today (in 1790) George Washington delivers the first State of the Union address ever.
To much traffic in Destin.
Great minds think alike, I suppose ; ) Haha what a beautiful place for a day off!
Emily Blunt and Jimmy Kimmel Share Funny Stories and Snaps From Their Hawaiian Couple&#39;s Vacation
pinched my tit....douche
Just another night on the town for "iron and winey" and "tron man"
nice dude! I've done some stuff with after effects. Still learning it too.
and my puppy :)
WHAT IS THIS!!!?? RT : My aunt is always having debates on the phone.... No matter who u are and what about Lol
wow RT A recent WSJ article declared that sales at Amazon increase 1% 4 every 100 milliseconds it shaves off download times
- cool standard vacation pic, but perhaps there is another picture that should be unveiled via social media.
Usher, Trey Songz and Chris Brown have been making some good fucking songs recently. Literally ahaha.
Thanks for showing up for therapy! RT : Great #NUTS! Thanks for the laughs.
No, for real, we might have to forfeit the flight and take a train to Budapest. Adventure, anyone?
Sunday's= Relaxing.
Read to a Dog from 3:30-4:30. Cutter especially likes books about cats. Can't figure out why.
how long you ben working there ?
when I got on here... There were 69 new items (;
:( well single we are so gym is what we do right? I went yesterday.
beer goggle vision... Ps lets grab a beer soon!
Oh i forgot! No today. #lame Oh well. At least the Cousins sub of the day is
i kno! cant wait. when in june?
One of the first things I did when running was to pledge not to raise taxes—Bill Stanley. Vote this Nov 8 to stop more spending
Do you think it might be cool to let your ecomoms know about our free school-based climate change program? We think so.
Happy St. Patricks Day!!!! Keep the "Green" of St. Patricks Day all year with a beautiful lawn and yard courtesy of Baca's Trees
debating on whether or not to watch the wiggles again or sell my daughter
he obviously doesn't know wat he's talking about smh analysis say dumb ish alot lol !!! U can work on any skill set !!
I will do my #FF later don't feel good
Cool. Let me at 'em.
Johnny Damon has an absolute cannon! - said nobody ever
Thanks mate!
Dr.J stole on Bird ass lmao
Didn't know you were coming for WPT Jax. And GL w LASIK, had mine about a year ago.
Its so fucking weird shes like eating her house apart I saw that a few weeks ago lol. I was like tf?
Best. Concert. Ever. Catie Curtis, Melissa Ferrick, Dar Williams, Indigo Girls, Ani DiFranco. I am such a cliche.
I've learned that Men can starve from a lack of self-realization as much as they can from a lack of bread
For a one time resident of Japan, I was deeply sad to here the news coming from there this morning... You are in my thoughts... Sigma out
Thank you NY Yankees for a great game in Boston this evening!
Thinking I should get another tattoo this week.
Guest survey "I noticed your front desk was young, maybe if they were older theyd be more life experienced & have more generation"
RT : #FF Great New Tech folks to follow!
I swear if I see the lyrics to call me maybe one more time I will punch someone.
>>Finnaly Back Home <<
well, mine is number 36 in Politics -->Women's Studies...? Wait a minute...
Proud of myself..cause I'm feeling myself..
saw it last night as well! she is just so painfully good...
followed you too
CBS's mix of The Who Halftime show was atrocious. I think Pete Townshend mixed the audio (his guitar, and then everything else)
Awesome! RT Buy any 3 drinks anytime this week and get 1 free drink! Make sure you register your LoyalTea card.
maybe, maybe not somedays. #GlassHalfEmpty Sorry, I should not twitter vent. Thx tho. :)
crack head ass nigga
Because its the #bachelor franchise! The one who dressed up was hilar RT Why are the guys so corny this season?!
When the Brewers win the NL Pennet, how many other teams have won both the NL and AL Pennets.
same as the ratio of leprechauns to unicorns.
New Tim Burton/Disney movie. In 3d. I am so excited.
thanks so much for your support and attendance!
I saw that movie last night, It was so freaky, I still get freaked out just thinking about it. D:
Something you don't know me: I can be stubborn at times and I hate to lose....
WE MAKING MOVES JUST LIKE THEY WAS MAKING MOVES IN ATL BACK IN THE EARLY 90'S
Here-here. If I see a line, I keep moving. #Belly is allergic to velvet ropes. RT Yeah if there is a LINE I pass
Anybody that says it was a good season is full of shit. We sucked tonight. That doesn't make the season good, it just means we suck.
lit circles are close,need element of asynchronous instruction to complete the cycle
Hot On The Festival Trail?... Submit to our film to our great new festival
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
Thanks for following us. Looking forward to getting to know your work through Twitter!
Classroom is starting to come together. Walls still need to come to life
My headphones r in & I'm in the zone
How do you spell your name? T...as in iced tea. Oh my god. Life fail.
Where's your new job located?
Ah, change :) good stuff!! Good stuff!
Because Beckett drinks Whiskey
you going to do something or just stand there and bleed?
Yupp someone's about to get the BITCH PLEASE look!!
very difficult to understand.
Jordan brok up with his gf
Likely 10,000 dead in Japan.
dangit.. We missed it Congrats on a good presentation.
tweeting from inside the tech dress rehersal at school so much done so much to so
Outside of the box ideas with CMSD. Shifting school year calendar. Making it work for urban students and fit into real world.
thanks for the follow =]
#ithurtswhen you wake up for an early flight.
First stop of #calibconf is paperless lessons with Jessica Gillis.
I'm waiting for to tell Mr. President his endorsement of marriage equality is a big f*cking deal.
I'm so there next year, this one crept up on me or I'm just living under a rock, either way I wish I was there! Have fun!!!
Chocolates as we all know are very delicious and sweet creations that everyone loves
Wat yell gettin into this weekend
i wanna see your face
now following - she's witty, she's pretty, and she makes me wanna rap...oh u thought I was gonna rhyme huh?
On the show today we are Coming up with new songs for orioles players... Let me know your favorites
-It's Cheese Steak Tuesday today!!!
Aw you too tweet! ;) I love you babe!
that's not true!
Good Night Folks!
Business has only two functions – marketing and innovation. - Milan Kundera – Czech Novelist, Playwright and Poet, b.1929
Should reach you by Thursday :D
let's start early tomorrow night like old times please??
again. You are so helpful. I feel a bit like a kid in kindergarten.
Follow and
Some day, I'd love to just have a day on the couch, watching movies or reading, without having to get sick to do it.
And just like that, is done for the week! Thanks to everyone who participated this week. Troy will be back on Monday at 10am.
away from business email but informed him you may call. Will email with his # from my reg email
Also from Michigan: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Kid Rock, Verve Pipe....
and again fucd up system..some people.really need it and people that abuse it ruin it for the ones that need it
I don't follow that many, but I couldn't live without Tweetdeck columns.
it will probably be hard (TWSS)
Much appreciated sir! Great workshop and will definitely be using lettering.js after seeing it.
Only shirt they said they had today is the red coffin. It's been that way for the last few matches at least. More styles maybe?
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe #NickJChat 2
Car Free Day! Bike to work today, stop by the store after for some fall essentials!
Great...snow storm directly headed in my driving path as i leave for my trip tomorrow night.
is to sexy in her El Meson gettup.
Funny how a secular nation can base functionality on religious grounds...
hi K-C! Thanks, am well. We have tstorms tonight in Chgo.
Biggest misconception of that article: the idea that there is a single "library system." Though it would be nice if we had more unity
October 1st save that date in your Blackberry's and iPhone's because it's the Grand Opening of #RevolutionSaturdays .
I shall :D
Good night everybody. Sweet backstreet dreams :) KTBSPA!
Any advice on how to get a crew together to shoot a short? I got a script and actors and but no crew. :(
Three months til wedding. I think engagement is the reverse of being pregnant, you're nauseus during the last trimester.
Heading back to the studio in January to finish the 2nd album!
My birthday is tomorrow! Going out to eat with my lovely family
Omg these funny cat videos A++ 👍👍👍
I'm listening
weirdness I hav school today and I'm sick standGRAND and I hope we feel better lol
Final pre-competition workouts completed. GA State meet, here we come!
Toby should be with Spencer!! Jenna is just in the way -_-
tiring day number 4! Teaching and coaching and contracting oh my!
Will keep you in mind if anyone mentions they are looking :)
Matt Skiba sighting! omg omg omg
so weird watching super bowl without the commercials... bbc has people doing analysis during the breaks instead wtf
Some Black people dont know how to act when they get authority
lmao y'all had all the fun Friday I bet
That's pretty cool. Are they taking any kind of rake on that at all, or are the keys "all yours" so to speak?
About to go on air at 107.5 with about the Detroit video!!
I've been camping for a week now back on twitter, what's new?
it's allowing discipleship to happen in real time to produce fruit and deep, real transformation.
Pleased to announce my support for for #LPC president
I just saw the tweet about the broken feet & surgery. Sending wishes for a speedy & complete recovery your way. XO
Performing “Hit The Lights” on Dancing with the Stars tonight!
Looking forward to breakthrough in thinking.
I like led zeppeIing but I love the beatles <3 !!!!
Found on stack overflow: "Looks like what Jackson Pollock would do if he wrote regular expressions. +1 for awesomeness "
Tiger is a tough one. He should be more open not to personal issues but he is just so defensive. It brings challenge
Haven't, actually. Know what you're talking about, but not sure I'd know who to ask about them. Good luck!
why?is some1 being negative about her winning again..omg people needs to back off and shut up if they wont say anything gud
Dear Slut, Maybe it's time for your Left leg to meet your Right leg.
I love being surrounded by these people.
Wade need some Lebrons on.
Belated #FF - Director of #SAP #Federal #Innovation & spokesperson for Public Services industries - get to know
exactly. Say what?
Yay! If you ever want to do, you know, a practice run or something at the current Her Table, His Bar aka our house, let me know! ;)
Just because It's legal doesn't make it right.
We love some big ol gals, don't we?!
A kid just came up and asked for STUPID FAST! This makes me so happy!
Well done...your 303pt projection was the closest we saw on the web to the actual total.
Oh best to the punch! RT : Happy anniversary!
Just had a Jamba Juice smoothie. Hit the spot.
life is good... love the people in my life and cant complain one bit!
Every week on the #sharktank they should have a dunking tank with a huge rubber shark. The rudest host gets dunked !
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
So yesterday mmsd says no poop water got into the lake. Now they say poop got into the KK River. Yum
omg i love you so much youre amazing and this is definetily not emily woooohooooo<333
I love my fabulous life!!
my mvtherfvckin milk is spoiled!
#WBCMediaWhores are to blame for atheism. And most of the other Undesirable isms too.
Frank Crane~ Habits are safer than rules; you don't have to watch them, and you don't have to keep them either; they keep you.
Okay off to Lisa's for more Spring cleaning
i would never cheat on someone. that's just horrible.
when they said dreams come true they forgot to mention nightmares are dreams too
Did he kill the wife while pregnant?
T.Baker Smith (LA-based A/E/C firm) doubled it revenue multiplier LY - resulted in 20% growth - w/ Engagement at the core
Haha, we were at Dave's house, one of Nee's other friends. And no, he didn't have towels. What are you up 2 tonight?
Just too tall for sofa sleepin'.
Sin City Hotel Guy is now....... Gaslamp Hotel Guy! "Sweet Home San Diego!"
IM TRYING TO HANG IN THERE.
thanks for following! :)
I haven't seen Family Guy in ages and I am not aopposed to watching and indulging! :D
Transitioning from a subject to a citizen takes time; a direct result of knowledge and a gained education
I miss you <333
This day is a gift to do with as we please. We can waste it or use it for good. Think of it as exchanging a day of life for it.
It's a little like-- I gained time, assessment wasn't on vid knowledge anymore, it was on gained in-class knowledge
so I have this theory that maybe, just maybe they decided they wanted to scrap the old video and use the "deeper" stuff for a song later on?
I'm afraid to tell him how i feel because it might just mean nothing to him.
My 800th tweet goes to the Avon World Drumline! Good luck this weekend! Love you guys! <3
Oh yeah, that's Hot. Loving the Bling Bling TT.
We are ramping up! Please add us.
New parents should be able to grow a temporary third arm. They could use it.
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 10th, 10:30am "Do Dinosaurs make Good Pets?" Would you like to have a pet dinosaur?
yes it is... Smh @ people dese days...
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Have the courage to make a mistake.
he is inspiring a new generation every day! It is great to watch!
downloaded it a second time for myself ,and for you. Fingers crossed for the charts. But Hopefully I will be able to come and
Thank you for an incredible #sdsms! Learned a lot today and had a blast!
Whoa, that was not a strike!!!!!! Bullshit!
Imagine Stephen A. Smith's outside voice.
Stay away cuz I'm dangerous :-)
Yo' self sounds fun !! What should we bring?
he wanted to hahaha! Right ?
Justin was my Baby... now his my Boyfriend♥
Napping is the best feelingg
I'll admit the film had a decent plot twist. But getting there was excruciating.
you're missin out on some fun:)
How do I know you are not an observer ? Hm? #Fringe You live outside time and space I think
Have a safe trip. Enjoy your weekend.
Remember when we used to watch movies in 4x3?
Feeling the pain of the cortisone shot in my foot...
World Peace issues an apology to OKC fans and org. but NOT to James Harden?
Want to win $400? Enter to win at flypittsburgh.mobi contest ends next week!
What about awarding the Congressional Medal of Honor to the Seal Team?
Ask her how was her Day.
Just bought some sweet fonts from , thanks!
what? I'm so confused.
The response is overwhelming for Build Day and we thank every last one of you for your support. Appreciate the loves folks!!!!!
- interesting thought. How much air is needed? ;)
Judge rules in Former Hillsborough County Pat Bean's favor, granting her severance plus attorney's fees. Nearly $400,000.
Yeah, Baylor might be up by even more. :) : Think this game would be different if it were being played in Indy like last year?
The Alex Wilson Band returns this Wednesday Night! Starting at 6 pm. Bring your drinking shoes.
Cool Firefox Latest Features! Check them out!
oh okay /:
I am so thankful for my friends, family & all the many blessings in my life! I feel truly blessed everyday! Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!
Great official first day at and I am grateful for all the well wishes and support.
Gaga I love you! You inspired me to write and record some of these tracks. No need to reply, jus a holiday gift from me to you!
Softball tryouts tomorrow
there should be a koobide day soltani month. And doogh week
It's gonna be 81 and sunny for prom ☀ woo hoo!
Get a faster tax refund! FREE e-file service files the returns directly with the IRS www.1040EasyOnline.com
Hahaha I mean Justin Bieber.... how tf did that happen
NO WHY????? At least you waited until AFTER I saw you in Milwaukee... D: bummer, dude.
lol good thing I havent been in a preschool parking lot since....I was in preschool
Big b-day s/o to my bro have a blessed one bro!
aye aye aye I guess I like surprises too and ill wait for it :)
I can't wait to get out of here.
Sweet! See you soon. :-)
Thx to of , Tony Seaman, Frank DeFord, & for joining , this AM!
it's off & the tunes are UP!!
y'all better or it's goin to be ugly for the rest of the series
,keep glowing,stay Blessed
Quit your Bitchin Druggie its olny a game!
Flip-flops + bright pink toes = ready for St. Croix! Just a few more hours 'til Chenay Bay :)
Let me know when D. Wade decides he wants to hoop
It will, promise. Just don't go party and get drunk and get in major trouble. That however would be bad. :3
God damnit, just when I thought I was done with CoD. The #BlackOps2 trailer appears. November, get here. Now.
Fun callback @ #hungrymanproductions today. They're kinda delightful folks...cross your fingers people!
You made me laugh out loud!! Thank you, sir :P!!
Hey! Replying to all my messages!
just learned my receiveing love language was words of affirmation then saw and ! Love yall too much
Wonder how this will change the Grammys tomorrow night?
does anyone else feel depressed at night?
The tablespoon melted in the dishwasher. There goes my matching tupperware set.
Intense 6 inning going on down at the cell.
they really were! And Larico Queen City gets me weak every time!
Looked like he was denied a goal-scoring opportunity to me.
Apply this mantra to break down #GreekStereotypes // RT : Be willing to let go of who you are, to become who you are meant to be
I had hoped to go, but was wait listed :(
did you see the weather for this weekend/monday ? ...hurricane -.-
Re-vectorized the logo and tagline today. Branded golf shirts / hats on deck!
The results you get are directly related to the choices you make.
What time should we meet each other at Penn Station on Sunday?
ugly is too pretty of a word
Ozzie Guillen on OTR: "I only visit neighborhoods endorsed by Tidy Cats"
Fuck it Guard life
10min into the Syfy original movie *Seattle Superstorm* and already it's ticked 90% of the standard tropes. Great movie? Or GREATEST movie?
DEFINITELTY. saw the same one at Buttercups right??? right next to some of the best furniture ever (I'm a Brit. Can you tell)
I had to study for finals! Currently occupying 3 separate floors at Wells Library. RT : Why did leave the Union!?
your beautiful babe :*
Now the reserved signs are gone. Music about to start. Who knows. Hopes not high.
I find this marijuana thing so interesting! I truly believe the drug companies keep mj down not morality (and I don't smoke it)
Ugh she call to much,
yea it's all better now thank u so much : )
Happy Holidasy to all of you from the #Confab team! We've you've made this festive year fantastic for all of us. 2012 will be a HUGE year!
The Jersey shore is headed to Italy? Now we can go to finally show the world what being a American is really about! America F YEAH!!
wat up joe
This is the #suns team I love! Congrats SteveNash! 30pts, 10 assists, Suns alltime assist leader and a true basketball genius
in the same breath,I take back what I just said,even then it was for show off. Ha!
I found a yoga/writing retreat! Now that would probably work for me.
That's back when he had Terry Porter. Fun times.
Onions and cilatro: the ruiners of all nice food.
Umpires are now back on the field. We will be resuming play here in just a few minutes
Hello Twitter friends... Come "Tweet" with us at 3 Little Birds Salon :)
Kinda just remembered that I drunkenly brought a neighborhood cat in my room last night and forgot about it this morning...
I hope you have the greatest time. Thank you for your music.
Legal/criminal experts are doubtful, based on known evidence, that millionaire's girlfriend killed herself in Coronado mansion
RT if the mentally disabled are some of the kindest, purest people you've ever met!
oh damn it :( thanks :D
Luna: bill isn't a rollback of accountability because of renaissance with CCSS and leadership by states.
Hello Boys & Girls, I Want 2 Welcome U To Dizzle's World...
i'd like to tell u how great ur austream was but i cant since i missed it :( dont worry i'll make sure to watch it nxt time :)
Thanks for the shout out! Follow us back for fun coffee tid bits and news. Look forward to connecting with you.
If only the #whitesox could hit. Look for Ventura to get the non hitters out of the lineup this week.
beautiful title and project!
": I'm mad all the time, I just crack jokes, laugh a lot, and smile because that's the normal thing to do. #RNS"
who knows how to G-Slide????????? lmaoo
ALL I CAN SAY IS:
Hi there actordanwilson
It's cold, dark, cloudy & raining.
If I die tomorrow, I really want to kiss Austin on the lips.
This weather makes me so happy yet soo sad i want a beach day and no #alumcreek will not suffice
San Antonio Texas. Where are you from?
I'm making a nakashi instrumental track using the shamisen MIDI sound in #Ableton Live + vinyl distortion + lots of other delicious effects.
i will submit asap bro, #normanmusicfestival i am coming your way
I love Anna :)
Did U Know? U.Va. Professor Julian Bond hosted an episode of SNL in 1977. Tom Waits was the musical guest.
#Stronger is the best song on the radio and the message is so powerful, especially for our youth! I'm so proud of you.
Seems that if you stop logging into #FB hackers know & will try to hack your account. And you'll get friend requests from women in bikinis.
I don't want followers to prove I'm the coolest. I just want to see how many people understand how I feel.
New York #Knicks center Tyson Chandler has won the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year award.
On my way to
He said if he could get me to be his girl, he so would... #imbeingmean #hessocute ahahahaha
He's fine too, but I want youu.
Starving like Marvin..... Who is Marvin by the way?? Lbvs
Looking forward to UAPB shutting down #1 Duke
that ink is crazy Antrel. God Bless
Its the worst feelin when your stomach hurts bad af and you go to the bathroom and nothing happens....
Nap 😌💤 Preparing for a long restless night
proposes #solar power program 2 lease commercial biz & public facilities rooftops & grounds to install panels...
Klout believes I am influential in cookies. Cool so I'm a fat ass?
happy early b-day mines is Monday 27th! Shout out 2 she shares ur b-day! March 1st! Follow her plz on her day
what's this doing to rbob?
when I speak "libraries," my phone transcribes "my berries." -- maybe libraries are really called my berries and I've been saying it wrong
Times like this makes me wish we were still together. I just want to be at home with you.
Agreed! RT Tomorrow is the most important day at the Supreme Court since Bush v. Gore. Pay attention, folks.
And, I always wondered: where to forest rangers go to get away from it all?
I should. But I like to come over there better on the 4th of July.
Would this be a bad time to admit that I have Prince Fielder on my #fantasybaseball team?
Thx for leads
#autismspeaks raise awareness for autism musically make a difference
You're the second person to say that...I've just always really liked him. My Twitter gays just don't like him.
#wordoftheday I took a bite of the scrumptious kickshaw Jeeves had whipped up, read a passage from my mémoire & turned in. - Thanks Frank!
ok i hate it when i say 'lmao' when the stuffs not even funny!
Just because we different doesn't mean we distant - Breezy
Shall I go to sleep or read a book?
#FF follow she is your next American idol!!!<3 I love her!
Dolphins to launch Spanish language website to connect with local hispanic community. Nice move but how could it have taken them this long?
Wanna collab with us ? Just email us
RT : nice to see you back on twitter. Thought we lost you lol.//Away temporary only. Thank you.Good to hear from you.
No. What's that?
Finished teaching my last class of the term. After lunch, the assessment begging.
What's it like being a Renaissance Man?
all im ganna do for my birthday today........ PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY ;)
you're welcome. Hope to see you in Charlotte for the DNC.
I can't wait! You never cease to amaze me.
17 year old Kennedy asks about poverty in #Algeria & #Peru, how governments are addressing
an adventure!
Yea She Thirsty... Lbvs
Im getting sick of seeing one direction on the cover of every mag. Like thats justins spot! Now they have justin in a conner WTF
A pear per arm!
TODAY! MT : COLA Major, Minor and Concentration Fair, 11:30 am-1:30pm in Clark Gym. BONUS: Free pizza and door prizes!
Why did my grandpa just text me ....I didn't even know he owned a cell phone .....
finaly got my background layed out. follow me on facebook. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect I am an upcoming R&B Producer
Rice and scrambled eggs for dinner? Should I cry now or later?
I don't think running a mile and doing a step class after drinking adult punch and wine is a good idea after all
i wish! i started my morning with pretty much the opposite: elliot smith
great talk - looking forward to future #citizenengagement #gov20 discussions
I'm going to be so hyper today. I'm on my second monster and there's a big catering order at work
All is well with the world.
Make plans now to join us for #bartrivia on Weds night with #allyoucaneatwings @
And thanks for the follow!
I already have a duck
Aaron Spohn takes the stage to talk about Skatenola - he's been skateboarding for nearly 40 years
Eating a Subway sandwich while driving its definitely not good combination!
on the bus lolz
I can relate to my Commander Shepard in 3 because I will probably also die after a ghost tricks me into doing something stupid.
Want to hangout with & tomorrow? They'll be at from 12-2pm :) Come say hi!
book sorting action is the best! Thanks for sharing the photo!
Heading home from The strip, then hitting up Nero ! Tonights gonna kill
. then again, your address book doesn't spam your newsfeed with political rants or overtired memes.
You're welcome
Going to get New Super Mario Bros. Wii!
Big fan of your work! Your movies are awesome, and you're a seriously amazing actor. Keep up the great work! :)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I GO TO SLEEP EVERY NIGHT KNOWING YOU WILL NEVER SEE THIS PLEASE MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE!!
The team is at Gypsy picnic AUSTIN today with 512rewards! Are you?
I mean... i would have done the exact same thing! Maybe would have even asked him for his autograph..ya know.
Don't make me work at your wedding. Get me drunk, and let me dance - L.A.W.
You don’t really expect to ignore those hunger pangs for much longer, do you?
If you don't make time for me, then why should i make time for you?
. is a great resource for healthy living. You should follow him.
yes ma'am, how crazy is that? What I'll be doing in a few months for a living is still TBD hahah
Sheeeeeeow!!..perfect im off that day!!..super excited!!.. Happy bday my sweets!!
no one ever goes to taco bell kinda nice to be alone eating inside
Woohoo! Today is FRIDAY!
If you don't know about the situation don't act like you know and offer your opinion.
If you bake me anything. I don't even know what I would do. Dance or something idk.
“: Polls close: 47% turnout reported; PM #Netanyahu to deliver victory speech to #Likud supporters at 12:30am." // too bad..
And i hope someday i can love you as much as you love me..
My guess: If Volcker Rule separates banks from market making, a new asset class (MMITs?) will fund the new market makers. Disaster avoided.
I was supposed to go back to finish a Vector interview and took my ass home...fuck I look like selling knives that cut rope?
#kids Kindergarten Registration Workshop at Rostraver Library, Mon, May 7 6:30p: Will your child be entering kindergarten in the Fall of...
They do have Garanimals for adults. They're called Dockers.
I didn't make up the song
Just discovered a life-changing formula: frozen mangos + frozen pineapple + strawberry kefir = delicious homemade frozen yogurt.
I scroll up my timline and see brian's tweet haha (x
look hoe!!! Look hoe!!! Don't have me come to your house and kill yo ass!!
Talking Turkey today.. tell us, how big is your bird?
Let’s go Panthers! Milwaukee Cup Game 2: Panthers vs. Auburn 11:00 a.m. Sunday @ Valley Field
100 hearts down the drain
Don't break the cardinal rule.
thanks x
I hate a jealous BITCH!
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Can't believe my week is almost (finally) over!
something tells me twitter is going to be a big deal with on board
STOP SPAMMING. WE'RE GOING TO UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU KEEP SPAMMING. -___-
Amazing work.... RT prepared and served over 1.86 million meals last year, empowering agencies across DC to fight hunger.
you are the cutest boy ever for what you did today at lunch!!!! Adorable!
“I can't understand why people are frightened by new ideas. I'm frightened by old ones.” ~John Cage #quotes (via )
When my mom gives me a smoke cause mine are not anywhere near me >>>>>> she is great
Why are you still in class?!
"Softly kick a dog in the teeth, he can't beat me down. Bloods streaming from my palms n' feet, I'll bring the heavens down screaming w/me."
Thanks for tips. Def will touch base w AMills. Would be great to put some resources on our website and link to brewnosers
Got chills watching #OneShiningMoment. Thankful to have one more year of this amazing experience.
sticker next week
I'm getting up now
#Seattle would love to have you #PeytonManning!
Happy Ferris Wheel day!
good point. Regrettably, we have the college years--five year plan.
I DONT KNOW Y PPL EXPECT SO MUCH KILL
Ight good! And thank ya: )
Foodies & Historians will enjoy Thomas Jefferson's Creme Brûlée #aapindie How Jefferson & his slave brought French cuisine home
Hating is for the weak, loving is for the strong. It takes more to love someone who did you wrong
cocoa is the sexies beach in da world i just hate the sun
Non-rich people have a very hard time in trying to find/buy good cheap grocery items. It is too bad that everyone is not rich.
That New Mixtape Astronaut Status BY Future!!!!!
This is my 2nd group that is graduating this year but the 1st that I am coaching during their senior year.
#Ezriagoespublic I just can't get over that!!!
I'd trade my soul for a wish, Pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this, But now you're in my way
#MakesMeUncomfortable whenn people stare at me as i walk by
do it! Lol
Believe it or not, that wasn't the first time I dealt with the Hip Hop Cops. And CERTAINLY wasn't the worst I've ever got.
Limited Edition prints of signed Nelson Mandela artwork available:Netherlands(2),Cameroon(1),Portugal(3),Spain(6), Paraguay(1), Italy(3).
my favorite was passing the gym promoters on the way.
Nice, I had no idea. Thanks!
Praying that somebody call
What can you eat? Things grown naturally i.e. fresh fruits and vegetables. Avoid all processed foods, anything from a factory,
follow me people!!! please
Does anyone know what trick is to get 4sq to recognize current location? Mine thinks I'm still in Amsterdam
I'll count that as three votes then. Or just as three bagels.
But how are you supposed to know what to obey if you sleep all the time?
everything we sell is officially licensed by the given band. we would have been sued into the netherworld by now if not. :>)
good job. How did he react?
I did I did I did! awesome. miss it so much. haha
oic oic my bad. I didn't realize it sent out an autotweet before i fix the time. Thx!
Big Data may be hot, but little data is what matters
There is nothing to do at work-.-
Polycom® RealPresence® Mobile Wins 2012 Edison Award, Named Among ‘Best New Products’ in the Industry for Media/Visual ...
which, i believe, is also known as slander.
Yeeeeaaah Mann *Usher's Voice*
It's easy to run away from the problem, it's harder to stay and fight the good Fight of Faith!
go on thunder mountain for me and find a prince!!! 👑
yeah tell me about it
oyyyy I lived there for 2 years. Glad I'm back here in #SweetHomeChicago. went to 2 Hawks/Kings games tho. Had to. ;)
In Baghdad clinic. www.nweyorktimes.com how the hell not! We send our military over there with animals and we dont expect them to snap?
“: Always & anytime Babe!!! ” Thanks! Keep rockin!
so tell me: you got your lib membership for the ebooks. Has it been good, bad, or ugly? Be honest!
I had the bestest day with my doofus brother olive Juice.!<3
RT Q. If your a QB playing the #bills which direction of the do u look. My son's Answer "hopefully at the down at the ground".
Wilson's --> Brewers --> Lazy Oaf. At least the fish was good...
Reading The Only Kayak by Kim Heacox - a journey into the heart of Alaska.
Hi there! Thank your for the follow!
Thanks everyone, glad you enjoyed the column! Have any questions? Tweet me here or
which reminds me... We should talk further!!
First day on break!
I concur...RT Store-bought sushi is edible, I suppose, but it just doesn't compare to the real thing.
Anyone wanna sleep naked tonight
Shut up, please. Thnxxx.
ok, now that is just BADASS!!!
Never in my life
TOP OF THE LEAGUE AND HAVIN A LAUGH! #GGMU #MUFC. Players should beg to put on our jersey.
Trying to identify the pedophiles among your followers? RT : Alright, ladies. Pedey clean shaven or scraggly beard?
Yes! Teresa is gone!!
Wonder whos awake at this time?:)
That sounds amazing
I recently looked into whether it is true that an academic once thanked "four very special squirrels" in her book's acknowledgements. It is.
sir, no candidate, in an election year, is going to do that, left or right, in the state that is hosting their convention....
I know I've asked this before, but what exactly does P90X recovery week actually recover?
Took the test, it was okay.
Klaggle launches ratings and reviews on Penn Camera's digital cameras at www.penncamera.com. Check it out.
Friday flashback jam: Chapterhouse - "Pearl"
But I've waited 20 years to finally get some flow so idk if a haircut is gonna happen
night of #gradschool work got tossed out the window in favor of cooking dinner & catching up with an awesome&dear friend.
Don't forget to wipe baby's gums with a soft cloth after a bottle or nursing. It helps keep them healthy and clean for those precious teeth!
Hey everyone we just uploaded another song called "Fly Away". Listen to it on our bandpage and tell your friends!
The brain is actually a Quantum computer
Coming for you, Dallas.
The images on your landing page should support your value, demonstrate your offer, or illustrate your headline.
Me & my boyfriend both don't have cellphones . . and i like it that way(: actual conversations & less drama .
What a fab intro!
Blow me, bitch.
love me twitter.
Please check out our new promotion to win 10,000 Gloves! GOOD LUCK!
just saw Luke Putkonen on the side of 75 trying to hitchhike back to Toledo
thank u. I was looking for this book!
hey, glad your here. Procedural question...can I call them Barners now that we're SEC, or us that only for folk in the South?
Tracy Jordan is one of the greatest tv show characters of all time
I wish I could start everyday off with an 80's montage
David Beckham drives a Navigator L...wow! I like this guy
and I are out to 40 bars tonight with jonny R
that's the best part
Empire State Building congratulated One World Trade for becoming the tallest NYC building -under her breath she said, "Size doesn't matter."
did you run out of seats for this webinar? I registered early but was sent an email saying I was denied access
aw christ man
Urghh. So pathetic. I get jittery after full caffeine coffee. Have to improve on my messed up artist stereotype.
Thanks ! The new issue is great! We're glad to have it
Hey you I'm a work on a song for us.
Yes we saw Inception opening night! I had to go right away. I luv Nolan but I think the plot was weighed down by his brilliance
You guys want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze" it's so funny.
So I just did the dumbest thing and accidentally unfollowed :(
spam sauce
Banks aren't the only wolves. #JHFCU raising my closed HELOC interest rate by 3.75% b/c I need to subordinate for refi of 1st.
let's keep chatting!! So good to connect, finally.
#FF Thanks for the Support!
Autumn has instantly appeared. How did that happen?
ya but it hurts!
I love you too! Have a great day.
I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." tattoo on her arm. I asked "money over b*tches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.
I was already on ustream logged in )':
Met at Think Big Baltimore 2day #tbb; thanks 4 letting me pitch my TV show 2 all! Hope to work w/you! www.TheVictoryCircle.tk
No prob guys! Have a good one :)
I had to write a 5 minute stand-up comedy set. I wrote 7... 7 5 minute comedy sets... in 2 weeks. 4 of them in 3 days. GO #ADD!
I wasted so many tears on you, you didn't care. Now you say you do? Sorry but the well has run dry....
oh i'm def interested! how should i reach you?
Ask for Pete up there. Knows his stuff and will take care of you. AboutGolf early April?
Woodfish performing with Zoso ->The Ultimate Led Zeppelin Experience An all-ages to enter. Get discount tix at www.woodfishmusic.com/shows
ALL MY ICONIACS , IF YOU LOVE THE BOYSS FOLLOW ! she follows back btw (;
lOl! Gone make it a mission.
Santa Fe, just found out this afternoon!
How did your clean-up go on Saturday?
I'm so mad as fuck
"Like" this status if you think Global Grind should come out with Yoga Pants!
WIND ADVISORY today with gusts up to 50mph possible. Stay safe!
#Scamalert: Call from DEA notifying you of a warrant for you for ordering drugs online. Caller wants you to send $ to erase the charges
Lmao that is a first. I think he is renting an apartment with Lyle Spencer in Toronto. Maybe we can get him back
IKR! Just a tad FLAWLESS
Money's tryin to be all thug life & gangster by staring him down after shots. Meanwhile. Floyd's bleeding like a mofo thru the nose.
With all this smoke in the air today, Metro Eye has eyedrops to protect your eyes from the haze. Stop in!
Tonight is the night
that's when you know the dish is going to be good. Or severely burnt. :)
thankyou so much :D
Its hot as hades in my room.
Having one of those "Wow I've met a lot of super nice people through the internet" kind of mornings. Thanks, internets :)
ha I don't know. We scream yeah.... so....yes? We!
Oh no, Steve Jobs resigned! What does that mean for Apple?
sending a happy 30th birthday to my sailor across the sea on the #ussenterprise ! can't wait to celebrate when you get home <3 xoxoxx
hahaha. Got that plastic back last year chump.
Any time you think some other language is strange, remember that yours is just as strange. You're just used to it. ~ Linguistic Mystic
Can't wait to go pick up by girl at the airport tonight!.. Miss her so much. Have a great afternoon 💋 Love you all <3
im tired and heart broken! i wanna cry and yell! im tired of saying im ok when im not! i cant keep this fake smile on my face anymore!!
Save the date TLG2013 April 10-12th Atlanta, GA
no did u
True. RT If you don't like people, don't open a cheese store. People like cheese, and they will come into your store.
yeah hahahawell im sorry i gotta go my twin sis just got here from the doctor ill tweet you later bye love you mrs.bieber:D
RT : Love the new material. Everything definitely happens for a reason.
just did our first print and it came out awesome!
RT Great weekend! Hung out poolside and had a great Mother's Day with the family. Got my wife the Kindle Fire. She loves it!!!!
Thank you very much for the RT
cool. Who ya seeing?
What is the first thing that vampires learn at school? The alphabat.
you can view on line, there's a new shop near my building Joe fresh, I swear by their fabric,it's quite affordable,email or dm me!
"Vagina balls"...I cannot stop laughing!!!! I am 12 years old!
At the airport headed to Vegas!!! With happens in Vegas will definitely stay in Vegas!!!
The willingness to share does not make one charitable; it makes one free. ~Robert Brault
Just scanned the NPR article; will check out the Newbie's guide too. Tks!
You're already special!
Happy Halloween everyone!!!!
I think you'd like Thunder off of Rusko's new album
Join my tinychat
Most engineering programs do teach students how to self-teach. Often accidentally.
There were 118 votes classified as "Other" in Iowa, and I'd just like to thank all those people for writing me in.
Follow back?
It was big, but just OK. Still haven't eaten at Burger Lounge
what? did u even get my dm?
I don't really know what I'm doing on this whole instagram thing... Haha
Seeing #AStreetCarNamedDesire on #Broadway TODAY!
I just called my friend a wanker but she's not gonna get it...
i gotta get a fucking job soon man!!
hey boo boo!!! xoxo
your new single 'Know How To Dance' ?
Yum! Fruit Pastilles :D
So excited for Saturday! Can't wait!!!!!
It&#39;s his nature...Vlastos wins poetry award
welcome to virginia!
Good & You
I'll wear Orange on Friday may also Saturday unless Bushmills is drank.
Where is #birdman at He is prob getting tatted up on the bench!
"Never apologise, never explain". The Queen Mother.
Didn't know you were an intern- that's awesome! Do you have anything lined up post graduation?
is a love like in a walk to remember so much to ask for?
no matter how good a friend is they're going to hurt you every once in awhile and you must forgive them for that
lol I hate the world
Tax Free Retirement? Think about your future... www.brianbreck.com
Chuck e Blair <3
Who are some of your favorite country stars? I like Martina Mcbride and Dolly Parton. :D
I'm an open-minded guy, but a marriage between two people who both wear flip-flops just seems wrong.
Say something kind to someone today!
You can’t go wrong when you love others. When you add up everything in the law code, the sum total is love. -Romans 13:10, The Message
The waiting game is dumb
Deliberately ridiculous scenes in spoofs don't count.
#iBall & "my eyes is like arms.. I'm grabbin everything I see" -
lemme get a cup cake!!!!!
I don't get it... rude ppls.
Press Conference and tesifying today on sb 140 for penalty for the failure to report abuse
"I've recently adopted a LOLCAT."
Why aren't girls ever named "Jr" like boys are? Is there not a Jessica Smith out there who wants her daughter to be named Jessica Smith Jr!?
Thank you
Do yourself a favor and stop worryin' about other people's business,all that stress aint good 4 ya!
Who's not hungover? This girl!
We do both!
The Brothers of the Sun tour is shaping up to being the hottest ticket this summer. We've already got your promo on
yeah man I love you guys. This show is huge so we can blow it up
Show, show, show
Im with haha
Intermission and halftime? There's nothing good on.
I can't wait to be 16 this year! Gonna get out and fucking drive and get away from this hell called my house! Don't get me wrong I love home
