it is during prayer that God directs you on which way you should go. if you have not had a success in a while, check your prayer life.
Finished devouring Tacos USA by last night. Awesome book!
that's a bad way
The Kitchen &amp; Bath Channel Debuts iPhone App and Consumer Website Enhancements at the Kitchen &amp; Bath Industry Show in ...
I am watching Firefly, so Nathan Fillion. And maybe a little Adam Baldwin.
Morning brothers. Wind awake smooth on the Canyon. The boat is dry yet? Good morning Blue Pearl, Good morning to All.
Teaching my dad about twitter.
thanks! We're very excited to have her on the team
sorry...Why don't you brag about it. Lol
Principles of color
Getting a lot of girls isn't something to be proud of. But Keeping one it is ♥
They're worth it.
RT : Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses. -Confucius
Learned something new. What songs did he write for them? Were any of those songs hits?
Um Midnight Mass is supposed to start when? Yea ok thought so...
Keep doin the cell phone/Facebook connection thanks to all my new members!
My hair looks like a firetruck underneath
haha! Sure feels like it!!
Somebody to love.
Great, the snow is back *sigh*
Caffeine fueled madness
I Wonder Wat Steven On Today
We have a jeans day tomorrow ?
Ha. YES. Clearly this is his impeccable taste, and not his lack of spacial reasoning skills.
I appreciate you...
thats what's up girls I'm chillin with the family, tipsy as hell, lol have fun
Don't skimp on the sauces, they're all amazing. RT Finally trying Chic-fil-a and am embarrassingly excited
hah. at least you're making art as you go around in circles.
STATE PRELIMS!!!!! :D
i cut mine off, you can do the same 😊
Finding a song name: Type all the words you know in Google and hope for the best. Oh that's who wrote that song
RT : If ur Seattle company is hiring, I'm helping my brother find a job & would luv to connect u. He has a business/marketing BA!
“La esperanza muere última.” (Hope dies last.) -Jesse de la Cruz
It was good to catch up. How a great night.
Check out nice writer about Motorcycle Stuff
my point exactly.
At practice and the fire alarm had now gone off twice.... Wtf
that gives me the opposite affect... ;-)
plzzz follow me i love u
I I guess when the ball was bunted, the umpire was pointing at the pitcher. Watch it again!!!
i guess
dont you hate it when you try to tell someone how you feel and you just cant, can someone give me advice:/?
individual and social wealth - extending beyond financial to all forms of abundance
Nearly a year ago, one of the happiest days of my life: J-School graduation #cuj11 Congrats to #cuj12 grads!!!
I hope you feel better.(:
Many, many thanks! That child wouldn't be disappointed if he or she had visited your store in person!
of course
I'm jealous of your Trader Joe's run--my closest Trader Joe's is 425 miles away. . .
Lakers let this game slip away
Blepharitis is a condition that is caused by inflammation of the eyelid. It results in red, scaly, and thickened eyelids...
": God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing."
Wait, #alamw10 is this week? Further evidence that I'm not really ready for 2010.
Jake Keefer pulls down Gordon to record his second tacke for a loss. Freshman looks like a quality lineman.
Adele was awesome good job :-)
Fettuccine Alfredo pasta for dinner, yes please!
Us Too! RT : True story, I get a little giddy when the new pops up in my inbox on Thursdays.
Trying to figure out dinner
New years at times square with my brother. Always fun!
That's a tough one RT : Cereal? RT Indy or Pacers, who u got?
Reggae version of Heart Shaped Box at Anodyne. SoundHound didn't know it. Anyone know who this is?
Woo, way to go! RT An 8 mile morning run. Happy Mothers Day to me!
1363- we use to talk all the time your really sweet and adorable :)
Donna Summer lived in Key West? That's where I once lived...never knew that!!
i wish i could stop drinking soda-pop. its like my body craves it, i'm an addict if there ever was one
I've been in meetings and buried in work, all day. What's been happening?
Launching of , supposedly. How do I know it's not Dan Sinker?
At Broadway Cafe, thinking about racing leaves in the gutter down broadway..
Red Convertible GT 2012 Mustang . ^.^
#HowYouKnowYou'reGettingOld When the son of a player you watched as an adult makes his Major League debut.
this boarding process for flight 1258 to STL is amongst the most annoying things I have experienced at an airport
That awkward moment when you make a noise from you mouth and someone thinks it was a fart!
And the AAPL market marches on. They are driving the shorts crazy. We put out another 10% short line on the close.
lame ass responce
Yesterday, the fire alarm went off. Today the water's been off for several hours. Glad I'll be away from the library for the next two days!
I'm seriously thinking about joining the #smartphone crowd.
you can barely see the building behind the garage...
Lol. RT : you too can fit two days into one day. just add coffee!
you're right, I got 99 problems but wet hair ain't one
that is lovely.
yeah it's not like he was whining about Romanowski either. Just giving an example.. I thought his insight was great.
Hey, How come No Posts ?
As much as I'm a fan of the rain, it is nice to look out the window and see sunshine and blue sky.
"The British came, did their thing, and left..." That's the story of #VA during
Good hang tonight with and JS Williams at #zincbar and #fatcat !!!
: I followed you
#imthetype who enjoys ruining my employees lives. I also strive to create 100% turnover at the every 6months.
mother love bone always puts me in a good mood
What a way 2 kick off our season last night! Capacity crowd @ 2640 Space 2 hear play Xenakis.Doesn't get much better than that!
I think the Hungarian dumpling soup worked!
Absolutely. It's the important things.
great job Chief White, thanks for keeping an even playing field for all of Denver's citizens. :-)
Anyone else excited for the Olympics this summer? No one seems to realize its only a few months away. Best sports for tv is Olympics by far.
I want to go to Vegas asap! Need to replay that $800 blackjack hand... Feel the adrenaline
Great meeting you last week! Loved your presentation at #factorcon Looking forward to getting together soon.
AHAHAHA. Except this time, it wasn't to Justin bieber..... 😳😂
rain rain go away
RT : I can appreciate the shit outta Maroon 5 playing on Frank Ocean radio!👌<<< did you just throw up the yo? Lol
Good things are and will keep happening if you let them.
ty yes i'm italian/sicilian
Hey DC, How are you getting to this weekend. Official bus has been sold out for a bit...
I dont want that relationship where people say we look cute together, i want that relationship where they say we look HAPPY together<3
studio in Atl
Why does everyone think that Ravenclaw's colors are Blue and Black? Its Bronze. The books say so.
lmfao shut up >.<
RT : REALLY enjoying the #lpco12 social media seminar. Lots of great advice from & and
i like the girl that is totally all up in your picture.
I'm not sure if this is a product of aging and forgetting my own memories, but I'm becoming more interested in studying histories.
Thanks for the kind words! Did you enjoy the Doctor?
i wish my sister understood I don't listen to her when she talks 75% of the time.
booked trip to Cancun? CHECK booked flight to Vegas? DOUBLE CHECK country thunder tickets? CHECK all over that =D
wake up sleepy head(;
Dont know details but I DO know I wanna be
Happy Canada Day to all those north of us and Happy 4th of July to all in the U.S.A.!!!!!!!!!!!
When starts talking about wiring large amounts of untraceable money overseas, this is what I do:...
Whoa, whoa. I don't have time to watch or comment. Thank God.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
#help! hates me for saying baseball W wasnt a big deal. I like him on KSR and thought he could BS. #guess not
ready for fotball to start REALLY counting! Let all the KC Chiefs hating start!!
Aw! Fun. I wish I could be there with him. Not fair!
University School, defending state champs, lose 4-0 to American Heritage (Delray) in regional semifinal action.
a purple shirt
the days where you feel as if the whole world is against you , & you're just like #FuckItAll -_-
Darn it. Damn I hate asking for my money back.
At the Keg getting my DVD
Rooney goal was magnificent, but to get dorky, the physics of Zidane's goal made it quite a bit tougher.
Hey B
you're welcome! Thanks for sharing :)
At Pinocchios in Pasadena with tonight. Great room for jazz!!
1D What Makes You Beautiful♥
hey! shamora how you doing?
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q7: How did KeyMarkX4 get its name?
what's gd pimp
is that dr pepper? :)
I should just be a total asshole
Just got back from Rhode Island packing for Florida now.
The new State Farm discount double-check commercial with Raji is freaking hilarious.
What a great first week. Thanks for such a warm welcome & rcsouthbend!
and checking in with Twitter between big wins.
Also concert etc. confirmed GFA 2013 (june 2013) (homage to my great life long friend Bruce Holzman:) his 40 years teaching FSU WOW!
Just remembered I have leftover seafood fra diavolo in the fridge.OMG. Melt down.
Packing up my office us decidedly not fun.
Sometimes I wonder what you really think about me... :x
I'm creating a new show. It's called "Shower Rangers." It's 30min of girls fighting crime in a shower
You know those people who seem to have it all figured out? Who they wanna be, where they wanna go. That's not me.
Can you DM me as soon as you see this?
but I write essays last minute...plus this was 15 pgs on a ridiculous topic...
Approximately 36,000 people in the US will be newly diagnosed with oral cancer in 2010! Come in and get an oral cancer screening.
blue days, black nights.
I don't like this one bit my mom said I was grounded :/ but who cares
nawl I'm just gonna get a new number and do my thing ... Need even more $$$
yes, I have been back for 3 months,
Thanks for sharing. And as a lawyer in the article says, Chester is the canary.
How do I get out now. There ain't no sign on this sign
I Sent You A DM
Yeah. I remember stopping in NJ on my way to Paris and looking at NYC, just kinda like.. why the fuck do people live in Jersey?!
Is anyone going to Springtime Unplugged on Thursday?
don't think it's healthy to think about it constantly but would be nice if more people tweeted about absurd laws or injustices
you gettin me mad. stop calling me fake b/c you know im the realest friend you got.
aw thank you
GOP really hate #marriageequality. shhh don't tell them It's not 2004!
Gonna see the Bully documentary. Just cause it's Saturday nite doesn't mean I can't be depressed!
I'm f-l-y, and for those who can't spell, I'm a pretty swell guy.
Getting ready for tonights shoot.
I love trying to make things work . Makes me stronger !!
Halloween is less than a week away! What are you going to be? A sexy Nurse, a naughty Schoolgirl, a bad cop, or a wicked maid?
NetExtender not making me very happy today
I don't care if you wanna drive 40 miles an hour but get the fuck out of the left lane!!
Christmas party tonight 730pm upstairs revs richmond! See you all there!
bowls that look like food
3 kinds of programming errors: compilation, runtime, logic. Tonight I found a 4th: It's working perfectly but you're too tired to realize it
like in the ED/hospital? or is "triage specialist" another ego-enhancing label for primary care?
Putting up our Christmas tree.
Great night in
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Hubby wishes he could hide when I come out of the shower and say, "I just got a great idea for a book!"
"Sexy" = I want you. "Pretty" = I like you. "Beautiful" = I love you.
school school school so boring -perla
how terrible.
1 millionth American Archive record: 's "BoomTown: Tri-Cities Thrives In A Down Economy" 2010, Congrats!
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says, 'In case of emergency, notify:' I put 'DOCTOR.'
is taking me to Camp Michigania with her. For this, I indulge her OSU obsession. ;)
hello I was wonder how u go about submissions?
Planning for Accessibility: #a11y needs to be integrated into existing workflows. via
Yeah…and I had a horrible experience last year. Definitely an expensive weekend!
From Middleton PD: A multi-vehicle injury crash at Airport Rd and Hwy 12. All traffic lights out in area. Expect traffic delays.
I'd love to plan a trip w my kids to Disney world. Best wishes!
Heading to the boat today on Geist for some sun & Mojitas!
fresh fruit is the best!
Is it bad I always let the call go to voicemail when I see my father on the caller id?
THANK GOODNESS!!! Ty for the notice. I'll be happy 2 tune back in without MV yelling at listeners all day!
I'll see you in a bit 😏😉 mwuahaha
Ahh, just a bit of rain at Morrison... Are they gonna play for the Championship game too or just your 3rd game???
Was just alerted that HEADSHOT is from LAST LIFE IN THE UNIVERSE director. Excitement has surged.
The hardest part of leaving is just Taking breath to stay.
Got a 3 on my EOC ! That's what's up
S/O TO OUR NEW FOLLOWERS!
thanks for the shout out Andy :)
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 1
let me dig it out
Cougar on the prowl stalking the gay guy.
Thanks for the mention, Antone! Do you know about & - my business Twitter accounts?
Finally going to bed yay!
Mango mojito...don't mind if I do. :)
I have a bad habit of putting a question mark after everything I tweet??????
Dancers are dedicated, disciplined, and determined. How many people have these qualities? Very few.
Yes, we felt the #earthquake. 3.1, about 12 miles away. All ok.
Oktoberfest turns 40 this year - over the hill and under the influnce
is the buffalo crunch still here this week for #burgerthursdays tomorrow?
Im out of school soo umm ya fuck finals!!!
Last day this Saturday of '04 alum Steven Riddle's "Radiant Fields" @ Nudashank, 405 W. Franklin St., 3rd Floor, Baltimore
Thanks also to everyone who came out to celebrate the Center and bid on some amazing work- it was a great time.
RT : RT : Q6 What are some of your goals for
Friend:I usually brush my teeth before breakfast... Me:Brushing your teeth before breakfast is like cleaning your a*s before taking sh*t! :D
sorry then
#howtokeeparelationship 69 Need I say More!!!
I think that Milgram's trying to say is that people have been and will always have control and that there is evil no matter where you go
is talking dirty Yorkshire to me!
You should add that bit about him blaming it on the intern to your post. It's classic.
Haha no,but that would be cool!!
I followed :) #followme ?
Its Twitter time!!!!! #NoWhammies!
Another wonderful day! It feels good to not have to know anything!
Confidence is KEY whn messin wit ME. Cause I will test 2 ur confidence level nd MOST "FAIL" themselves
Of course. What kind of man would I be without the lash of the whip?
Hello, and thanks so much for following. I think my dream car right now would be a new Camaro SS. That's a fast, mean machine
Yeah, probably. We should meet up at Fridays for a long island.
oh gosh. that made me laugh.
You know an author is good when you finish their book and you instantly want to read something else by them.
Absolutely! If you have any questions, let us know. We're passionate about providing the best possible training!
but. But.....I liked that flip phone!
Getting ready for a webinar with Wordpress plugin developer, Joost de Valk. Should be really good!
You're currently on the homepage slideshow, from our Follow the North Star adventures!
Love of my life, u are my friend
It's the weekend here at The SCoop! This weekend, we've got events with The Summer Set and Matt & Kim! Get excited!
suggestion: use cmd-R to fetch. It's hardwired as the "reload" shortcut
when are we playing football again?
#NCAA needs to check out these refs.
I need someone who understands Im a woman a real woman i know just what i want i know just who i am.....best line in the song
February Brewtopia Social is now on sale for only $12.00! We'll have "Chocolate 'n Beer" on February 24th and 10% off your dinner!
is looking for a Business Banking Sales Support Analyst in our Dallas marker (Bank of Texas) - 505.855.0845
I see you!
He's awake. Had to be taken off the field with a cart. I bet it shattered his forearm.
LoL get it girl
just found an absolutely epic band, through my searching :)
I need a vacation overseas. I miss Amsterdam!
girl that was her sister!
That's our fellow worker in #occupyrichmond! RT : Katie kickin ass as usual!
morning chad! How was the best of your day yesterday?
nahh my dad took my laptop of mee :( #sad but ill watch it tmozzz x
lol good luck!
where you from in wisconsin? i spent many sumers up there in lake geneva (williams bay)
hey! I need your number! Cause everytime I need something I have to tweet you. Lol. But are you staying with Syd tonight?
Watching early Radiohead concert, so rad
A recent study shows that the heart grows weaker everytime we do something opposite of what we feel.
you're just making me feel even guiltier for never watching the wire...
Thanks so much have a great weekend!
Getting ready to do an art workshop at one of the Boys and Girls Clubs!
This is something like the holocaust, millions of our people lost! :D
thanks for following me!
Thanks, Shire! Hope you're having a beautiful weekend! OxoA
Mr. Mysta "Verbal Finesse"
The shit you say but yet your in a relationship…… oh, true
Midtown crews are out there cleaning up. Please use 311 for down trees or large limbs.
. Again, NO mention of police brutality. Recuse yourself from any jury duty.
they are quite epic shoes.
please, promo me
Wow, you like how I just said AN Deal Divas reader because I was mentally pronouncing the @ sign?
hey you! how are you doing?? :) ;) whats new in your exciting world :)
CARLOS I FOROT WHATS ANTONIO'S TWITTER HES NUTZ HOW DO YOU STAND YOUR BROTHER HES JUST TO MUCH AWESOME (U R TO )
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
That bitch LEBRON he did it again he fucked it up so fuck him and fuck him
Wha? Birthday is June. Always has been. Always will. Sure you got the right Curt? We are legion. ( ???)
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level. - Peter Drucker
If James Marsden has taught me anything, it's that nothing counts on Leap Day.
what's good money
it's a really big kid league I'm the youngest person in it
Let's Go Caps! How is everyone?
I can't get enough of "twizzle" as a technical term (in Olympic ice dancing commentary).
Say no to scones. They are truly horrible. And they’re mean to the elderly.
I plan on doing a lot shit for my bday.can't wait
you know, I just might!
Submit your ideas for Diamond League Craziness... going to be playing some games with Ahnaris shortly! Tweet at me brah!
Listening to radio on #pandora and #Headin home ...
This album is a bit dated: Cash just told the kids fire engines and Russians are both Red
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food. - Dorothy Gilman
The role of medication in the treatment of ADD / ADHD regulates and normalizes brain activity and is used under a doctor's supervision.
hi lisa happy wednesday to you
No one has ever done good creative with yacht rock swimming in their head. Unless it's for yachting.
Question: Do you use Foursquare (for yourself or business) or do you check in with Facebook? Or both!?
Inspirational quote of the day: Suck what?
Check "GMAD at 25" archival exhibit on Gay Men of Afrikan Descent Awesome context of LGBT social organizing.
Looking forward to a great night! Dinner followed by Million Dollar Quartet
thank you, I hope to be able to one day. I've always wanted to visit Australia :)
Just one little thing... but no... ugh!!
GIRL I MISSED IT TOO!!!! What is this craziness?!?
Whoa did anyone else see tweet about Gary Taubes?
yeah.. :D I'm DEDICATED!! and ooh, interesting.. (;
to far behind! Playing catch up now! no more #snow!!!
Lesson Learned
I hate being anemic. ): I feel way too cold than I already am.
This weekend at the $10adm. or 4 for $20 see y'all tonight 7:30. Headliner Barbara Caryle
Bang! Didnt make it out of the stall. Great remake of the the Dukes of hazard theme song.
Abridged absentee: The short recall election calendar will allow for about 2 weeks absentee balloting, election official tells WR.
ha! I will be now! Its like having a namesake cereal!
It's taking every fiber in my being to wait for to eat this pizza.
Gonna shut off my phone so I can focus.
I just overheard a student complaining about only a weeks notice for a 3-8 page paper. I had longer essay exams than that.
Of Melo's top 10 games as a Knick, the only one in which Amare played was game 2 against Boston. Even then, Amare only played the 1st quart.
Basketball for 4 hours? Ya it's been a good day:)
At 5:30 on #7news, the latest on the Bruins' Nathan Hortono. Out for rest of series. How do the B's respond? at 5:30.
RT #dearnetflix cancelled our membership. Wondering how many others have?
Thank you! Hope you had a great one :) RT : enjoy cinco de mayo!
Hi Lizzy!! Where in the world are you?
Support Reach Out & Read SD's literacy program, come out to Read & Romp at Liberty Station next Saturday. Space is limited so hurry!
On a webinar RE social media. So depressing not being able to utilize social media the way we should! Why do I sign up for these things?
The motto for fixing problems in a game "Better late then never!" *Shrug Shoulders*
#aaa2010 New goal: to coin a term.
a white one lol
Hahaha RT : And then beat you to tweeting about it!
Yes im a really good drawer and i know 4 sure im goin 2 win ima draw a pic ov Roc Royal and post it on fb or twitter!!!!
Happy Monday from the Fujiyama family!
Just drove by "Roberto Clemente High School" in Chicago. Respect for legend even in the Midwest.
And someday, I will change the way people perceive sounds
Is on a VEGAS vacation! Checked into the Hard Rock! Having dinner at AGO and then off to see Love at the Mirage. I love my city!
as long as I get a nerf longshot.
burned 187 calories doing 25 minutes of "Dancing, aerobic, ballet or modern, twist"
*head desk*
Can't believe is graduating from today!
I did thank you!!!
Kyrie Irving was officially named the NBA's Rookie of the Year for the 2011-12 season.
Damn, are there any UK Beliebers online.If yes please tweet me a link of Justins interview where he talks about Jerry.
baby i love you soo much pleasse forgive me x by the way it was my mom who said that not me
A heart ain't a brain, but I'm thinking that I still love you .
No big surprise, but with just under 2 1/2 hours before franchise tag deadline, it doesn't appear will use theirs.
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
Hots & Crafts ALL NIGHT LONG RT : did you lovely ladies scissor?
What kind of society do we live in that I have to work on my half birthday?
What was your favorite play or other game highlights from this weekend's games?
Sweet! Let's do it.
Busy man, I don't have time to worry about not having the business lol. How about up there?
Only 2 hours until college footbal kicks off!
": Taco johns in fondy sux dude at the window is about too get neck punched" can't wait to see that surveillance footage.
They just show LA and Seattle on #xfactor. Hope that Newark tomorrow.
Come support worthy charities and have some fun 's celebrity bowling event Sat at Lucky Strike.
Bizarre dreams.
WATS LOVE GOT TO DO WIT IT WAS THE WORD FOR TODAY CUZ PPL REALLY DNT KNO WAT IT MEAN THEY JUST USE IT CUZ IT SOUND GOOD GOD IS LOVE
Butler vs uconn game isnt such a good game go uconn tho
i never thought i would ever say things like that to my dad. i completely EXPLODED & let all my anger out..
RT : 5 shortcuts to successful social campaign via of : Test. Segment. Amplify. Measure. Nurture.
Thanks Rebecca, good to meet you!
punchin some fkn glass smh who in the fk thinks to do that ?! the glass always wins ! ALWAYS !
what chair did you get at all-state? Oh wait did DB play?
RT : “Same-sex couples should be able to get married.”—President Obama...
420 am bout to take a wax hit
/// OKC might as well put in their 7th string players...
Johnny Cash, I Walk The Line. Thank you, Phoenix on Lee, coffeehouse of mine.
I Was Just Saying The Same Thing .... Smh
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. ((:
A relationship that starts too fast, ends even faster."
this is the 3rd speeding ticket not including other traffic violations lol
thank you as well! :)
CGQ. Tonight. 9pm. House Pub. St. Charles IL.
It's always a pleasure to work on a project when all team members can freely input suggestions. Thanks BNSF!
When I slouch or stand with bad posture for too long, I feel...
Send in pic of u with a BW entertainer in front of the Boardwalk to go food kiosk to PO Box 22911 Orlando FL 32830 for 50% off 5 day rental
New York, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Shabazz does nothing but score, but you know damn well Noel is amazing. That said, I'll definitely take Bennett!
I work till 10am tomorrow so I can come over right after?
Wtf is wrong with my throat.
I'm at Lobster Fest at Red Lobster with and Annabelle. Cheese Biscuits!!! Plus other stuff.
are you in NY? and I are doing an event together in June!
"I have a bath every time it rains, sir." the politician
Just curious but wondering why you no longer accept applications for new Topix editors, according to your FAQs?
Big ups to the homie Sealing the deal against the #Blazers = #clutch. Solid time at the #clips game tonight.
Happy Friday. We are getting ready for the AHIP conference next week. Lots of really good things going on here.
Omg this boy is like a girl! Takes FOREVER to get ready!
Happy Anniversary, Husband of mine. I love you!
Lord knows
is it possible to get to follow ? no? please
Please don't let stupidity of snarky responses deter u from bringing us future food porn!
lucky dog!
RT Thoughts from #completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand.
Good morning friends.
Yes, we do. Look for us under "Phil's Friends" on FB.
How old are you in your dreams?
Instead of 'LOL', Why don't you try LOLWKASF? "Laughing Out Loud While Keeping A Straight Face".
I thought for a seco nd that said Licking..... then I was gonna agree with her. LOL
Fascinating, Sarah, thanks!
Research EdgeRank. There is an algorithm within FB that pulls certain content to top of the news feed. Weight, Affinity & Time
LMAO! Gabriel is average, what makes her stand out, then? : first Gabriel now Lebron, you are delusional today!"
Going live with #IPv6 this week!
I'm glad you agree Momma Lori, it makes you wonder what's going through their head 😲
Wine and DELICIOUS snacks! Being Greek is going to be great.
We are now on application #130016 - Craig Martin.
what an insult to by the lakers organization knowing that he is going to be traded.
Only 75 cappers posted plays in NBA & NHL gives us only 1 consensus on the Spurs..See ya @ the window
For ex.- I use "efontno" now, a kind of Dewey spelling of my first initial and last name. Would this be clear enough to signal I'm a lib?
kicking out bums since 2004
u the man homie
RT : Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.~Confucius
Will you just be doing simple abductions? Do you need soundproofing? Shackle package? - van salesman
You hate Humphrey? No.... He's different in Sabrina. Sort of. I think there's a beauty in his sameness.
So, after mocking you last week, I know find myself in the position of having to move EAD to CSV. Any words of wisdom?
Agreed. So great to be out on the court again!
Not yet! (at least over here!) RT : Is it almost 5?
I might :) hey, I need to see some drivers Ed homework since I've been absent please? 💙
Donna summer died :0
I'm watching on #KTTV 4:00 PM today (Los Angeles)!
Bored tired hungry!! haha peace Justin Bieber<33
i appreciate it..and hell yea it would be hot..dylan hot fire to be exact lol
“: Also it's dope af s/o to dope track man #rep412” - thank you, glad you rockin'
I am, but I've met a few snakes who slithered in . . .
island in the sun. <3 c:
Fear for their families and relatives, is the main reason why victims often hesitate to get help. Help help them!
Gotta love the WMATA/SG Atlantis comparison. Will definitely make things more interesting when I have to call again.
you are the funniest guy ever i love agents of secret stuff!!! plz make a sequal
I must say the premise of Melancholia reminds me of On The Beach, one of my favs, but also depressing
Thanks, Kathy. I appreciate the support and encouragement. Glad you liked my pic of Mt Tabor too. I love foggy mornings & trees.
Still in Europe bro?
Awsome Russ, thank you..It's being released digitally worldwide today..I've very excited..I'll have to thank Leighton..xo
O no...its ok, don't worry about making ya point...I'm gona liv 4eva!¡!
If you haven't heard me rap, you're missing out.
I got chicken nuggets and you have trail mix
Thanks! RT : Friday Follows -Cheers !:
And "Woof!"? Hehe
Thanks for thinking of me -- I held onto all my Amazon shares. Whoo hoo! Between $AAPL and $AMZN I'm rockin it.
Yeah Of Course
Long lines at SFO can only mean one thing. Homeward bound!
Rondo is ridiculous
oohh That's cool! I keep sending them nice auditions but they don't seem to like me haha :)
I don't know why Underdog even bothers with Sweet Polly. She's annoying.
Headed to D-town on a business trip
I thought so.
they were really good. Very cool to see live. Lots of energy.
OH I FUCKING MISS YOU! 💩
Wish they would've picked somebody besides Kristen Stewart to play Snow White in the new movie.
I'm Mitch MOTHERFUCKING Grosser
Why the fuck am I wide awake right now.... How is this possible...??!!!.$:!
we so should
Always stay ready so you don't have to get ready.
Robin Scherbatsky, she's Canadian...and awesome!
Yes, it's a fabulous way for an author to add personal texture their story. Tx for your interest, Hal!
Apparently there is a #FKNOSM announcement coming from #Facebook right now.
Hooray for this weekend!! Can't wait!!!
Watching another soccer game, freezing my butt off
where can I tune in to catch your show?
Double shot espresso n a donut for dinner. Livin the highlife like sunny ade.
Robstown's one-game baseball playoff against Needville has been moved from Cuero to Rockport-Fulton at 5 pm today.
Your drive has to be faster than your thoughts....one wrong thought and you'll slow down...
Just finished the fourth book Inheritance in the #inheritancecycle. 849 pages. Half that in two days. Amazing book. Especially if I cried.
Obama is going to Seattle today, too. Maybe we can hang.
I really want to but haven't looked into anything I will tho
Is the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans a good event to display fine artwork? #New Orleans
Re-reading Perkins-Valdez's WENCH, which I'll lecture on at in June! MT What book are you reading now?
#mlanet12 #toughdecisions I understand I am attending Tweet up virtually as I will be at the President's Reception.
ya know I live in west Virginia :P u all should come visit sometime
Recommending a step outside....
The jobs, it turns out, are in the public sector. How about some funds to hire back teachers and cops and firefighters?
depending on the size of the file you can load multiple pieces into one tweet
It's hard to distinguish between & at times.
Nobody knows the thoughts that have gone through my head whenever I'm sad, and how horrible they really are......
ma anche no.
Tune into ESPNews right now to see Andrew Luck's #1 WR & the fastest WR at the NFL Combine, Chris Owusu
RT : I use to be afraid of being a girls' sponsor! Then i grew up! <<Amen!
soupcan is still a mlb player?
"Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day" Little things can make the world a better place
ooh built in sharpener! Fancy :) I love crayons!
Keep praying for Chuck Colson & family. -- As Chuck would say "Remain at your posts & do your duty—for the glory of God & His Kingdom."
Fields you bum
Anyone else having issues w their pic? First it deleted mine, then when I tried to change, it reverted to the old and wouldnt let me change
my head has been down N the books hard 2.1 more week! Yes! Do you have the APA manual. Great investment !
hungry & tired
Site still says that it is offline. Doesn't look good.
If you need to drive on roads or attended public schools or get mail, you are dependent on government.
MODELS INTERESTED IN BEING SHOT BY PLEASE BOOK BY CALLING 347 - 445 - 7275 OR EMAIL :
Definitely a gorgeous sight, as well as your fabulous aquarium!
Nice shot of the food and beverages. Thanks so much for coming out and helping us make it a memorable night.
gives you another chance to grab cash in the Money Machine at tonight’s Wizards game. We’ll be there!
I will never forget the passion and excitement that Junior Seau brought to every play of every game. Such a tragic end to a memorable life.
212 were key numbers on Touch. A good omen for
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles (and in a big font)!
Or smears it ALL over your face!!!
Just signed up, I have a good feeling about your guys' future
power's out. Looks like I'm not having any AC tonight.
Very cool Diner shot :)
#ThingspeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when my friend sighs before saying a world. ex:Sigh, i love cats, sigh i have school 2morrow >:! annoying!!
I started this semester with #IU sick, and I'm ending it sick.
if you do...our plans will fall through. Lol if you don't...we'll see the boys tonight
Can someone send me a little inspiration, please?
guys who are good with kids >>> makes them like x10 hotter.
nothing just going through pictures, you?
it's really a great feeling when i'm encouraged and inspired every day at work. vast change from my last place.
peace and light
a real business woman....racks on racks....Get it !!
After eating my way through New Orleans, airport food grosses me out.
Gotta head to #happyvalley for the weekend to keep things under control... I'll be back #pittsburgh don't worry...
if Phx scores again this series is over
It looks like the 14th Amendment is up for grabs this year. I'm taking it back away from the Corporations who have abused it...
I never know what I do wrong
NWST: Husky Spring Game post-mortem / on #Seahawks , #NFL Draft Grades / vs #Rays 930 / 11pm KONG
I feel it..still grindin it out huh?
#PlansForTheSummer have fun while I'm still a minor. Have more fun when I'm legal. Randomly disappear from this valley like I always wanted.
"Good habits r not made on birthdays-The workshop of character is everyday life-The uneventful & commonplace is where the battle is won/lost
This is going to break me clean in two. This is going to bring me close to you.
for all *I* know you *could* be a terrorist!
Thank you so much for reading! You've got a treasure trove:)
That's why I love twitter.
Sorry. Meant to respond sooner. The name challenge is OK. We plan to kick it up a notch in two weeks. Have any good ideas?
Uh, yes? I mean. YES! All houses need bunk beds and a gumball machine Big style. Also, Zoltar machine.
The best mirror is an old friend. -English proverb
Mary Nell Bryant with Children's Hospital Alliance of Tennessee speaks to support One with Courage
Monarch beats Castle View 14-10 in boys lax
Busy week with a lot to do. Great weather helps!
hey hey hey hey i love you. k bye (: <3
Money is money
I ❤ NASHVILLE!
Happy Birthday Kenny (: Love you too (:
No perfect game for Humber tonight
RT We love you AND your big mouth! (Fave tweet of this librarian-centric day).
I cannot bring myself to listen to anything but foreigner, Aerosmith, journey, or queen. Can you blame me?
Thanks to everyone who came to Film Journeys last night , it was a great film/discussion--we'll do it again next month.
actually I'm thinking that being done for the day will be the winning strategy.
oh ya so thats midnight your time. yes they are playing it now and will then and I might sing live
Playing the entire Beastie Boys discography in the brewery today. #RIPMCA We'll miss you.
Thanks for the follow :) You may also follow me on We are happy to assist with any #Dell concerns. Have a great day! LM
“: Freshmen students texted their mentors (juniors/seniors) to let them know how their first day of school was"
There have been around 80 shots fired in the city since the first of this year or March first of this year. I didn't really catch that.
Definition of #entrepreneur: stays at work instead of watching
"Power Interviews" and "You are not the person I hired" two book recommendations from
#Celtics No Ray Allen or Rondo tonight
MSNBC now has a hospital spokesperson who confirms Giffords is still alive.
"Happy Easter"
got it now:)
yup watchin pawn star reruns.
All aboard? Centennial Week launches April 9-15 with #Titanic films, passenger interactions, replica radio demos, and more!
I am? I feel obliged
God bless to all de Earth. Enjoy this 48 hours of no work.
Yo Randy, Show some DurbinatorLove! He was in it to win it! Still is in our eyes!!
omg marin,i cant wait to see you tomorrow :D
I'm thinking of writing a blog about the 150 #tea at . Who thinks that's a #goodidea?
LOLL im nt finna entertain sir nuthin for it
hello . how's your day?
Perhaps pursuing aesthetics = pursuing authenticity as humans? So, to overlook the purpose of beauty is to deny our humanity?
Doing better and staying busy! Thanks for the get well tweets!
hahaha who's the cutie in the new avi 😊
First week on the job Got all my IT stuff working. Ready for the world. Hello world! There, I said it.
com — Emotions: We’ve seen them as primitive passions, the unfortunate legacy of our animal past 9 hr 51 min ago View in Crawl 4
still kicking
people need to stop bitching about the facebook timeline...its the same shiz.
Thank you. He is. :)
#gg2011 yeah! This whole children and nature stuff...kind of rocks! ;-) what do you thin?
Revival. (: Can't go a day without listening to it !
I love Adobe Story.
THIS FRIDAY 9:30 @ the PIT : $3 beers w your ticket stub, Chris & Paul, Harvard Sailing Team via Skype, Only Son, Adrienne Iapalucci & more!
Congrats to the talented team at for the launch of #BikeScore!
Join us for Talk Time every Tuesday in April at the Main Library at 2pm. For non native speakers to practice English and meet new people.
Your friends are dry lol JK
what hospital is he at?
Soon those butterflies will turn into bats.
I really dislike that feeling I get when I leave the casino and the sun is already up
Need a road trip audiobook that both I (Barry Hannah, Denis Johnson) and my mom (Mary Higgins Clark, Lisa See) will like. Suggestions?
OMG THE QUARTERBACK IS PUNTING
And the fact that someone let him use it.
I'm glad they can be an inspiration to you!
"nobody thats been a pile of shit their whole life than suddenly turned it around because of the commencement address."- daniel tosh haha.
really Lakers. really. YOU'RE MY TEAM! C'MON SONS.
Oh sh*t! This Sunday, it's Tom Brady vs. Tim Tebow. The only difference between them is, Tebow believes in God...and Brady is God.
ohh that's awesome !
Bev says " the shop is a zoo today " well all is as it should be then! LOL
Grand opening of Tivoli Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm Farmers Market w/ a twist 302 S Rampart
Oh. New York. Your energy is intoxicating and absolutely exhausting. Catch you on the flip side.
Thank you for the mention! Much appreciated!
having too many ideas can be just as stagnating as having none at all. #GetFocused -L.A. White
#first40songsonshuffle 15. left boy - wonderful song
I would have to say something!!
as incredibly intoxicating as you are in a brilliantly written series, the twitter'ers will be BANGING down your door! BRAVA!
nauseating for sure
north korea's lost it.
Take a break from burning the midnight oil and visit us for the "Be the Match" event. there's food here!
Just read 6 weeks of people magazine letters to the editor from 1983. No responses to their article on harriet wilson
i hope one day you will see this tweet...or now...I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! #callmemaybe ?
James K. Polk - through sundry means managed to define the territorial boundaries of continental US. in one term.
Are you a light switch? Cause no...no...you're a person sorry i can't find the damn light switch...
yes sir its coming very soon
im having a great day
Salesforce: Triggers enforce good citizenship. If code line doesn't pass tests, team is locked out. "It's a good shaming model"
it's truer than true. :)
HELL YES! I called them immediately & had a full out argument with them! It's bullsh*t.
Listening to your record right now...in a word: OUTSTANDING.
Headline mash-up of the day: "Soccer Helps Kids Get Over Catholic Priest"
Thanks for RT, Aaron
I'm standing next to my brother now. We are stage right, second level, next to the bar.
Graduation dress shopping
Loved the prayer: Oh Lord, help me, the ocean is so great, and my boat is so small.pg.79. Never heard it. Fits everything.
We're having a photo shoot! Any idea on what to do or where to go?
Seems to me like a lot of people had a good time last night. Lol.
And thanks for the outstanding training in population and family health, which I put to use just about every day
It looks like it though! lol
Seriously, though...why the fuck ARE there so many songs about rainbows?
I wonder when gon kick it
Michael Love this version! Thanks for sharing!
Soccer Mom to Narcisse is the dunk of the day.
I haz a friend with me. Yipee!
“Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.”- Paulo Coelho
My Chemical Romance-sing is AWESOME!!!
Don't fuck with the Pennercakes
the four Americans held on hijacked yacht are killed, according to US military
Refs really screwed Kentucky with those two calls.
thanks for RTing the job openings!
Need to clean? Hire us!
Craving a McDonald's big mac and fries right now :(
Floyd & Fitzgerald nice combination in Arizona.
Man I lost my head phones:(
hes still been chukin this series
Anti-gay group doesn't like JC Penney now? Hell, I think I'll go spend some money there. Bigots can kiss my ass.
awesome game tonight... So fun watching you and the rest of the bombers!!!!
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Nice polish!
santero is killing it, madrone loves him. and he will be missed dearly.
Glad to see you on Twitter, Peter. I should put your FB postings into Google Translator so I can keep up with you! Hope you're well.
Powerstrip found, desk rearranged! Now recovering from asthma attack brought on by dust-raising.
My spidey senses are tingling......
Showing movie previews in rainy Seattle. You'll be surprised how many sexy women loves Johnny Depp's Rango. That's animated and odd.
reading this as I drive through Monson! Lol. and I missed our exit back to ny. LOTS OF TAGSALES HERE. DEAL$
4 tweets in an hour
I don't think today could get any better. Such a happy girl today 😊
well you can creep on me anytime. I'm quite interesting.
RT : Garza work on bunt PFP, under watchful eye of locker neighbor/team shrink Strickland. Insisted worm-kill throws not mental.
and i thought i was the only one who inhaled chocolate while playing music lol
Trouble is a part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
haven't seen one good joke yet today.
Come at me one more time..
#wyrdbees 'Fire & Honey' or 'Honey Sunset'/'Sunset Honey' or 'Springtime in New England'.
Unless religion can be at home in the home, no amount of religion in the Temple can save us.E.Stanley Jones.
Power has been out in our Rockville apartment for 3 hours! What's up #pepco?
Is anyone else in Milwaukee having issues with Verizon's network today?
i'm still a bofa customer (not for long), and i've never seen one in san diego (or CA for that matter).
What the fog? Slowest bus ride ever.
"Obama declares support for gay marriage" #yahoonews Was he inspired by WILL & GRACE?
Just finished watching house of 1000 corpses with my boy and my cousin. That was epic! I wanna watch something happy like To Wong Foo now.
Sasscer, Clagett & Bucher (SCB) is the oldest law firm in Prince George's County, Maryland.
sunny friday afternoon + a bowl full of first-of-the-season cherries = blissful
Looking for an opportunity to share your story? Speaker of the House Tillis is holding a town hall mtg on Nov. 16 @ Morrisville Fire Station
congrats brother!
thanks for everything, friends!
The Denver Nuggets have never beat the Lakers in the playoffs that's unbelievable
(sideeye) um yeah...
Klout thinks I'm highly influential about Colorado even though I've never been there. Honestly, if I tweet about Colorado, ignore me.
Trying to explain why you aren't guilty to the police is like trying to convince a newborn that crying is illogical...
because they're the knicks. Makes too much sense, so it won't happen.
“: happy birthday!!!!” thank u hun
Way to go, James!
RT if you remember this 3OH!3- Don't Trust Me lyrics: via
“Young people tell what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do”
Jaffa cakes for breakfast, yeah why not.
I hate the way everyone thinks Miami is paradise.
Don't worry, everyone is insecure. You'll be alright. ;D
My eyes and my lip are so swollen. It really looks like bad plastic surgery.
Just woke up with ma fur on and no recollection of last night....keepers you're a bad habit that I can't quit
hey hey! I'm always around!
Boy how about you give me a chance?
great show today on Daytime
awe thank you sweetheart!!!
everyone thinks having long hair is amazing, no it's not -.- it's terrible. #Sissors,WhereAreYou?
What Do You Mean? (: xx
Louis is prob jelly of Rami now ;) RUN! RT : Watching a film and keeps touching my leg. It's not weird though...
[WATCH]: Ehrlich, Hansen, Lovelock: We Must Build &quot;An Entirely ...
thanks! I think we're OK for now but maybe in the future!
Funding: The Skillman Foundation for the Detroit youth law clinic.
yeah I know
So how're you doing? ♥ ♥Bretana♥
oh no!!! Whats next?
we do we do!
Looking for 4 super singers for major project with Island/Def Jam
What's a croc without a charm?
Follow is back, Much Appreciation, Have A Great Weekend!
#cardcont struck by the thought that if twer not for i would not be able to identify the continuum. Cardigians ?
Babe I love u so much you are the best thing in my life and I never wanna loose you, I hope we can stay like this for ever
Oh my stars and garters!
If you use Auto-Tune, I'm not interested.
"You taste like whiskey when you kiss me, oh I'd give anything again to be your baby doll," -You and I ((:
Think Chic-fi-la tea finally starting 2 wear off, time 4 some rest have 2 wake up 5:30am.Lord I'm thkg u n advance 4 helping me thru 2morrow
I won't even lie my elbow hurts but I'm not doing that to his insurance.
i bought my prom shoes today !!!!! :)
un following me because e has no soul
“: You're an awful person.” first man to ever utter such a sentence.
we have HPPOs for your team and a t-shirt for you! Just tweet us tomorrow when you have a few minutes to meet up!
Love my red wine hair colour...wethenonywe
How do you hit on a girl in the weight room without looking like a tool?
From Wizards of Waverly Place! Both will be up this week! :)
#20ThingsIlove: Getting a "good morning" and "good night" text. It's great to know I'm the first or last thing on your mind each day.
have a goo show at #nighttown. Can't make it... Got a gig tonight. :(
Well . Still at the library hangin out w/ Taja <3 hopefully mommy is here before 8:30 at least .
RT : All great leaders know that enthusiasm is contagious. That also know that lack of enthusiasm is too.
Chocolate or Vanilla?
I guess I'll sit on the patio and watch him play ugh
can you do anything to help capture this #kony2012 ... U got a powerful voice too! Please help Kim!
Tell me something good!
that was my biggest challenge with the tomato and mozza salad from Becky's!
me and mike have bonded ur to late. He won't join u
Sorry for delay... it is something like $10 to win $180, w/ sixers and phils winning outright, flyers covering 1.5.
lol it's not really that much..i guess i just love doing it! And i knoww i've met so many amazing people because of them!
aye yo I need some liquor you gonna go get some lol
It will be interesting to see who goes tonight.
solid. i would like to see a Boy(girl) Band performance at burlesque, complete with synchronized dance moves.
Congrats on your new album #OpenInvitation . Hope all is well homie. Keep up the hard work!
I have a friend from the province of New Brunswick; people thought she came from NJ Turnpike Exit 18.
Happy Birthday to my fave East Coast Dodger gal ! double double & animal style fries w/ a candle on top R waiting 4 ya in LA :)
I'm leaving the office later today to take an unofficial visit to Culvers.
Every show is random. but this one is gonna be extra random. letting the program pick the songs. we'll see what we get.
Street Fighter: Chun Li is on. Gonna Savor Chris Klein overacting for a spell.
We have a huge table of refreshments out! C'mon down!
#Carmel ladies and men who like the ladies...are you coming to Ritz Charles tonight? Free free free! Say hi to me!
I love the story. :) x
Good morning :) off to the shower 💦☺
MT Let's prank-arrest some of these #Occupy kids Let them feel noble and then say, "Nah,too inconsequential."
. #Storage Grt blog post. Lots of VC funding going into storage startups and interesting 2 c who's backing who.
RT : Thanks for the amazing feast yesterday! cc
while dormant over the summer months is back. We'll be broadcasting innovative student research and ideas throughout the year.
IBM Introduces New Foundation For Mobile Computing
See you later, lovers, followers and haters ! Off to see my therapist...Oh, the bountiful relief of psychology !
Alpha dog is always a good movie choice
and I'm pretty sure the truth will set us free...! Is it dumb that the clichés are true?
God has resolution for your pain, a cause for your struggle and a gift for your faithfulness. Don't give up! Press on.
I know we're not dating but when ever I see someone else flirting with you, I want to shoot them in the face.
RT : named Design Friendly School in this month's Check out the new iPad app for free....
What up tonite
Eating my second salad of the week #whoamI?
Sixteen (16) weeks remain before Mrs. International 2012 is crowned!
2012 Kentucky Derby: Motion, Matz follow successful patterns with Went the Day Well, Union Rags
DM We have two employees with autistic children. Are you aware of open-source curriculum providers or proven strategies & tactics.
Armando Garcia happy birthday it is my birthday and my daughters birthday also A great day!
Happy International Women's Day
hahah oh gosh well at least you didn't order like me -.- lol
On this date in history: WBEN (now WIVB) began regular programming in Buffalo in 1948. It was only the nation's 25th station!
the house just opened - it's showtime!
Did you use the salsa or an extra cup of water?
I'll fight til the bitter end.
Me and my son starving over here anybody wanna bring or come cook us breakfast before it get too late
What the hell! I slept well and ate and exercised well yesterday. WHY DO I HAVE SUCH A BAD HEADACHE?!?!?
Real friends r the only reason u have no food but fake friends don't want ur food
Hollande! Let's hope Merkel is the next to go.
Oh, aaahhhh, check out my new natural whipped body butters in acai berry and oatmeal honey, yum! Non-greasy, leaves skin silky and soft.
love the show. how unique is it to interview celebrities in Brooklyn NY .
what do you have to say about leinart and palmer being reunited in oakland lol
Woody Allen on #WOSU, Yeah!
MT Annual cost of air conditioning in Iraq and Afghanistan wars greater than NASA budget n.pr/mqbxh6
The wife had me gather laundry to do while hanging out with , but it appears that didn't happen..
If no one likes school why do they have it? Some teachers don't even like school!
All these Christmas trees upside down in garbage cans covered in plastic is making me feel a little uneasy.
* i must of been outta my mind
is workin real hard to make my top 5
#RespectTheHustle RT : Anyone need an essay written? Hit me up!
Would really love to win giveaway for #Telluride Blues & Brew fest for my lady friend and I. Never been out west so please help!
yeah...if only I was the driver...
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise; for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me with a lying tounge
Getting a goat with your book is such a bonus! They're so cute.
What's up
It's Wednesday morning and I'll drink scotch by myself if I want to.
I will never understand why people announce how they are breaking the law/ rules on Fb. Are they that arrogant?
... Sorry Larry King, Justin V. the best pitcher in MLB. has won the Cy Young award already..
Good Friday morning! Exclusive interview w/ documentary film maker who filmed Gov. Walker saying "divide & conquer"
got skype or facebook chat?
Jus chillin this vegas weather is crazy
ill be waiting! :)
why are you watching south park instead of the game?
Sold 2 more doll beds today :) so so happy!!
A song AND a video!? Check out CHI-Town proud and singing #BabyItsColdOutside on
April 17 I believe.
thanks send specifics for business card to 2-3 Business day turn around after i receive all info
So close to being done for the summer... I can do this!! Trying to crank out this homework so I can semi enjoy my weekend
just because i have a couple bad habits doesn't mean i have an addictive personality.
I need to start tweeting more! Ugh as if I don't have enough distractions in my life!!
so basically u gotta walk on egg shells fot tami then??? Sad
My view is... You only get a Hangover when you STOP drinking. Therefore the solution is quite simple ;)
Follow ! she follow back !! and if you follow her i will tell one direction to follow you! in less than 2 hours!
i never give anything up on the first date... but on the second date im all over you.
Also, I'm currently licensing all intellectual property rights associated with the concept of Chappaquidditch (TM).
": doing sports on #News4at11(Yes, this is happening.)" Love Jim Vance whatever he is reporting!
I need to ride the saturday night metro circus more often...
Everyone follow M_Diryawish he's sexy and next to me (;
I was thinking the same thing. Unfortunately, I think when it comes down to it in a game like this... its coaching.
I Hate My Face.? well, I wouldn't say I absolutely hate it, but I'm no supermodel, that's for sure.
I'm digging MP3 multiplayer. Nice change of pace and has me more excited for what GTA V's multiplayer might be like.
Jlo's new album sucks. #nowplaying ... I WANT BRITNEY TO HAVE MORE NEW LEAKED SONGS!
Yes big we can!
yes! Look for details soon for May's Mob in the next week
Blessed in all ways...feels good to be focused and watch everything unfold the way it should
thanks! Great to hear that you enjoyed the preso.
Saw the "best" award and funding...congrats! Going to SXSW? We now living in Austin.
great article! Lots of good stuff in there.
what up bro bro
A woman's rash prompts her plane to be quarantined at Midway! I'm live with what really happened. Hear from the woman who started it all!!!
Hes the super beaver
I would like to think so
Done for the day. I think I will stay up late and watch movies. I hope for rain tomorrow.
Of course they do! We've got multiples capturing work inside AND outside #TACC's new data-center-to-be. :]
Um, yeah yeah
Why do people act the way they do. I just don't get it. #growup#
I hate it when that happens - lmao!
Thoughts on this - I handed out 40 packets door to door w/ 2 options to contact me - opt-in link 4 more info or my ph #. 14 ph calls/1-optin
we're finally drunk enough that, we're finally soaking up the hours that everyone else throws away.
The absolute best night in panama was tonight :)
Can't promise anything!
Exactly! But apparently the people who mock me think they know.. :) RT Normal? What the hell is that?
RT : is looking for a cost-conscious, New York or tri-state area mom with kids under 10 for its Novembe ...
U should French kiss your girl pussy way... better than you kiss her in her mouth!
shout out to every reporter who calls it "coming out" in support of gay marriage. Also, yay!
Best Friend? Someone who knows everything about me and still likes me.
I would rather be welcome in Heaven, Israel is NOT Heaven it's only another country build on stolen land.
Bring Me The Horizon & Parkway Drive tickets just went on sale! wontlookbackbooking.frontgatetickets.com
When a hour nap turns into a 5 hour nap.
well you have to turn all that stuff off then you record your video with your voice and then record it again separately :P
Isn't it fun to go shopping for those smaller sizes?! :)
Get your tickets now for a thrilling showdown of WWE in MTS Centre, Winnipeg, Canada tomorrow. Call us right now: 888-493-0004
I'm not just a Hutcher & you guys aren't just other fans. We're one big family. If you need anything, don't hesitate to tweet me. I'm here.
was this before or after the game of 1 on 1?
Listening to Jeff Zuber at the Grange Cafe in Duvall
Me and my frnds gnna crash this dudes 's Party 2 mrrw! We gone be some party crashers
More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year. But in more than 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana..
Caldo De Res >
Name another Item could replace w/the baseball in his campaign logo since he never played
All of these Van Halen tickets got us wondering...what's your favorite Van Halen song?
RIP Whitney Houston #ripwhitney My heart goes out to her family and friends.
I'm just straightforward with them about who I am and what I do. I provide the sources and they're happy. Most people ...
to be fair, I'm pushing myself too, because i'm tired of the pain, but the pain doesn't get better. I'm getting stronger though..
Then its not a sandwich!
Man i wuz just watchin when victoria appears on zack and cody and they kiss she so cute and beautiful man!!!!!!!!!!
kidding about your looks you always look like an angel & ill take your word for john didnt know it was ok to wear a hat to work
Tired: sending email to Steve Jobs.
Yes, I've heard the English are very antagonistic toward cops. I think the cops/protesters dynamic is wasted energy.
Christmas is only 3 months away!
My treacher just finished explaining to me how mature I am; now I'm laughing at the word poop
excited for april fool's day sales! do you know of any?
her hopes on the tight rope not knowing when i would just give up and move on for the easiest vagina out there im lucky enough to had such a
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 10
Downloading Music Manager for Google Music Beta... WOOT!!!
#ThingsILookFor A guy who knows how to treat a woman with respect
tickets go on sale June 2 at 10am!
I wonder why I even try sometimes
AWWW HUNEY! hehehe thats the sweetest thing anyone has said to me. hahahaa i love ya too darl 😘
Walking out of work. Man. I hate the Lakers.
Aren't road trips at this time just absolutely fabulous?
you guys are sick
"Everything plays out exactly how I want them to. Everything turns out dope"
if anyone has video or pics of the storm how should they send it to
One more week of school
MT are hosting a free EMYP CPD event Thursday 10th November. City of Lincoln Council will be presenting on the Lincoln Townscape Assessment.
Stop lookin in the wrong places *cough cough southside* « No really I get all crazy dudes! This has to stop immediately.»
get in tune
When is doing another Twitcam? It's been forever since he's done one.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday.
★HARRY STYLES★
Q3: You can use WiDi to quickly connect your laptop to your TV wirelessly streaming content.
is back on the sofa, smoking fags, watching NCIS while smacking down youtube jihadi accounts. Or "smoking" them, if you prefer. Gidit? Ha Ha
And act like the men they defeat while becoming part of the Washington "culture."
Check us out on the web @ www.surfdash.com
Man I'm tired of this shyt
thnx Leigh!!! Cannes catch up when I get back?? :-)
AMC Greenlights Pilots for Two New Crime and Legal Series
I follow 4 a follow!
#ThadieNewton and #IdrisElba are my inspiration.
:: Pain is temporary ::
and illegal dogs occasionally.
RT : Congratulations on the appointment of #CFO Bruce Harmon as Chairman of the Board, announced in bit.ly/vYmf0g
I hate my sinuses!! Ugh!!
#4famouswords -- Are we there yet?
whale whale whale what do we have here :}..
#bizethics First day of tracking consumption patterns? Get after it, Biz Ethics students!
Heard you got shoulder surgery, hope everything went well player.
Excited to be part of the conversation at DMI's Design at Scale, great kickoff at the studios of !
of course ur a cutie lol
Grandma's having babies... Only on
I missed the Golden Globes as well! I wish I could see the whole thing, but I only seem to hit upon snippets of it on youtube.
Calder makes me happy too! I like the stabile in the rooftop garden at SFMOMA
this picture would be so awesome if it was just
Can't find the words cuz they all been spoke
it should be about generating community and conversation
Just bought my tix for the Hunger Games on Friday! Hope this weeks goes fast...
Shoutout To My New Followers !!1
RT : The Rockefeller Foundation Launches $100 Million Initiative to Support the Strengthening of Health Systems in Africa and Asia
excuses excuses
Happy birthday! Cheers!
My ass hurts from sitting on this floor for like 5 hours.
I thought I was having a bad night. However, I then realized I'm not Will Ryhmes.
Full band this Saturday @ Luckenbach Texas from 1-5pm. Shade trees, cold beer & live music - it's gonna be a helluva day!! Hot dog!
in the green room waiting to do the #bigdata meetup Hilton downtown 615ab come see the HUMAN SEARCH ENGINE!
Me and my friend had a fight.... it sucks because now who am i supposta talk to at lunch now? omg.
deff let's do it I need Kerri Capone in my life
God bless you family
You do realize it's nearly 3 1/2 years since diagnosed "Weeks to Live" in October 2008
Thanks for a fantastic bday weekend, filled with and friends! I'm very lucky.
Record high in Portland, OR '82'.... In Dayton, OhIo FREEZE Warning...
dude i want a picture with him now that i saw yours lol
Hi Jim, thanks for the follow. If I can do anything for you or your business, just let me know #VO #voice over
Don't go. I'll eat you up; I love you so.
I know it's only Monday, but I can't help planning out a mini vacation for the upcoming weekend with i-deal from
K yeah before I sleep.. Does anyone have tumblr? Follow me -ForeverCelinee 😊
so what does this mean? for $100 you get unlimited beer, wine, hard alcohol and food
Shoot must I say you have low standards :o I think you're scared of getting hurt ?
Top O tha Morning to ya #ABQ!!
yea it is
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell
Laying my life & my will down at the feet of #Jesus today. Praying for #wisdom & courage to be obedient to my purpose through his desires.
I've given up on having nice things for awhile...
thanks for the add. Great sound, plus we have a song called fine shined shoes, and just liked the sound of your name.
glad that you got my earlier tweet as the thank you that it was intended to be. If you speak to BKV, tell him I said thanks also.
I like chicken :)
Hubby & I are looking at flights called "military hops" to get to Germany this Fall. We'd sit in the space left after the tanks are loaded.
Flames on the top deck of the Bay Bridge!! Woah.
very funny guys...sad thing is, 1time I said wanted 2go 2 it cause I want2dress up&wear a nice hat..haha
Gearing up for another road show! This is so exciting and such an honor to be a part of this great event in their hometown club!
“: Congrats to all our graduating Hoosiers! Wish we could tell each of you, but 8,829 is lot of tweets! #IUgrad12”
Forecast for Friday: Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s. Northeast winds 5 to 10 mph. Becoming east in the afternoon.
- I know!! you are missed! I fly back east in two days, tea when we both get back!! xox
Although not as good as any Stallone picture, Who Killed the Electric Car? Is a pretty good documentary
Just connected to and webinar on "Building the Perfect Web Marketing Storm" - looking forward to it.
#OMGrande Dance, theater, biochemistry.
It's disturbing!
i despise grocery shopping.
Listening to a Southern style thunderstorm in Washington City this morning.
Reunited w/ ! Finally!
at the end of karate kid never say never (the song) was playing
are you trying out for season 12??
Not to mention that the initial request for the move (from a #church) was they were disgusted with
Decompressing w/ at our Colorado friends Amy, Ben, and family after a fun, productive DrupalCon.
Me and Kevin used to sing to eachother .
Looking forward to CES next week!
Dear man v food i think it ought too be man & his buddie v food new season !!!!
I agree, but at least he gets a full-time shot to do so. Coming up as pinch-hitter or DH and not getting regular time before.
thanks for the
Your so cute!:)
Bow in the presence of
look forward to talking #FantasyFootball with you this season!
Heat are in the Finals. Signed, sealed delivered. Sigh.
Lets play the blame game
Agreed :D "We don't have a choice on whether we do Social Media, the question is how well we do it." - Erik Qualman
We have come a long way baby!
The google home page is SO cute!
I'm still hungry.....
Better lock my casket tight baby, so I don't let the devil in
B has made her decision...
major #comcast "customer service" FAIL. phone help, ZERO. , NOTHING. who else has had horrible experience with comcast?
Boat shoes --- awkward or awesome?
I know!!! But why Dale? Ugh, Carl…
it was really good! yes, they were. it is like she is fusing lewensky and levy's story together!
Sounds like you're a busy bee! Have a nice weekend.
Nobody believes that crap except tennis press
yo I'm dead af. That night you showed your whole ass. But I was there for you tho. Lol
Whilst boogying, I think of myself as humphrey on the chaiselounge-the chaise being the wave... or kevin costner in waterworld.
#Mandarin Calling all Mandarin speaking butlers! Open opportunities in Cambodia with great salary and benefits! email me for details..
2012 is ours to achieve !!
So blessed to have a wonderful family and amazing friends in my life
how your new school going xx
What's 1d ?
you looked amazing though!!:p
better than shit on me
bourbon is always a good idea, I mean it is usually. Except for when it isn't.
Amy is pretty.
"Love Shy" "Something Better" "You and Me" ...just to name a few...excited to hear Bluey's new music!
Thanks Kurt! RT : Throw a dash of red in there and see about that.
we can't wait.
HAHAHA!! WOW THAT'S FAST!! :O SANFUEOFKASOUHYENLQMUOHWSODNCSDUIOQONOXPNSJH
National Honor Society induction tonight! :)
Plaschke is a smart guy, and I enjoy his columns. But he came off yesterday as he often does: a jaded fun-squasher.
You can drop by when you come to Vegas for a conference :) I would love to meet all your friend in the Vegas area.
I did earlier. Happy happy tears of joy
I hope you're intoxicated...otherwise you're just an awful driver.
Can't wait to have you! Hopefully we will see you soon at one of the grand opening events or another time!
Any advice on what not to miss in Norway or Italy?
Sure. Email . We'll call you if we have a fit. Thank you.
Thank you.
you're dirty.
Doc Brown had the same issue.
Poker night tonight Its your chance to go all-in with some pocket rockets! 7:00.
😁thats how i smile when someone is taking a picture and they say cheese
That will be easy!
I need creative ideas. Bond themed NYE party tomorrow night and I need a costume...
This space is too doggone small for me.
Just attended an awesome webinar by on Google Keywords v. YouTube Keywords.
I love you Alex please please make my night by tweeting me back <333
Thanks Pimp Juice! Maybe I'll see you again tomorrow!
I thought it was 7:00........MEEHHHHH I'M TO FUCKING EXCITED :((((
MOUSTACHE HAPPY HOUR PART DEUX TILL 8PM TONIGHT AT DON'T KNOW TAVERN!! CAPS LOCKS!! $10 for a collectible cup and drink specials!!
acoustic show today with !
Do you personally know if they're functional or not?
A fair share of academic & private libraries w/o programmers either, alas.
sorry you're going to be empty tonight...wish there was a game...
I feel that. I'm at the studio too right now. Glad to hear from you.
I hate filling out job applications.
RT : #Orioles' Chris Davis reaching 90 mph on FB. Had four-seamer and sinker. Also nice 83 mph changeup. Crazy
Another great start for the #LAKings. Going back to the Stapler up 2-0 in the series. Keep it goin' boys!
Current investor sentiment matches the 152 recorded in 4Q10, which represented the highest level achieved since the survey began in 2004
SCOOP, SCOOP, SCOOP!
My long cat naps fuck up my sleep. :(
I accepted you!😊
No, it's just that the world isn't ready for our vision. It'll happen.
nigga whatever.. first you said you didn't hear all of it, now you say you did... someone got caught in a lie O_O
They have more soul than you. Don't even bother arguing...
yeah huh!
