it matt again im tired
Im about to smash!:-)
it took me all day to understand what 's tweet meant.
Allergies suck! This wind needs to stop! My eyes are all watery and nose is runny. I'm a hot mess right now. Blah!
CICOTELLO as MENTOR: last talk with Jason Chase & Chris Weed TONIGHT @ 7 in campus gallery! Park free in Lot 3
bad idea to buy myself a bag of Dove dark chocolate.
Hurry! We will be closing early on Christmas Eve @ 5:00pm. Hurry into Buddy's to complete all your Holiday Shopping.
who's watching TruTV right now??
doing good...just catching up with folks... :) how's my niece doing!?
baby got back
cabs are pricy and our busses are really unsafe
red mill, I think.
Somebody tweet me. It's nap time at work n I'm so bored
you're #OKState knowledge is impressive. I don't even remember that dude. Hope you're doing well.
Thanks, Andy!
HisStory/Island Def Jam...Nice ring huh? Well Congrats to on landing a Digital Distribution deal with Def Jam!
much Respect
Wait...we're six minutes into this UNC-Kansas game and the officials haven't inserted themselves into the game yet??
Identity fest is coming up ina couple if months. I wont get alcohol poisoning this time. ;)
ard bet then thats the move
It's spam. My account was hacked. Don't click on it.
What the HAIL?!
I was working in Boeing maintenance in Trenton 1985 - 1991 with a trip to the Pursian Gulf to play in Desert Storm.
actually, that describes Jonah Goldberg...": Fun? Lame? Cool?"
You know you're mexican when you go straight to the clearance stuff at a store!
let's move to Florida ;) the entire family!! 💜
Who's in Miami tonight?
#That1friendThat you can tell anything too and you know they won't tell a soul or treat you any different.
LoL,, This---->RT : Next up for : providing with a proctology exam.
why thank you Craig!!!
End of Second Period 1-1 Looking good !!!
Great day at the nbm show!
Why do the nice fitting jeans gotta be so expensive :(
Echo's Voice: The Theatres of Sarraute, Duras, Cixous and Renaude by Mary Noonan...later on this year...
“: We've got way too many pointless idioms but at the end of the day it is what it is & it's all good.”| I like me an idiom.
Have fun!
#QuoteoftheDay “If there is no struggle, there is no progress.” -Frederick Douglass
just had. a veggie taco
not bad cuz...
i just love that picture of my eye that i tweeted two days ago, lol, wondering if it would be wierd if i made it my avi.
Eh...too many European libraries are loading their records into OCLC these days. But many may adopt RDA...there's hope!
True Movie Thursday on Lifetime Movie Network! <3 I'm set for the night!
Corks popping on spklng white grape juice in Plains, GA today. Jimmy Carter will no longer be the standard for inept Dem presidents!
yeah he loves me!
Tuesday's turn on Take a listen!!
Being thankful is the best medicine. Doesn't make the clouds go away, but allows the sun to shine a bit brighter.
Seen the new Barneys windows in BH? Highly Flavin-esque display. I say he’s 1 of the most referenced artists of our time. What do u think?
Post your favorite memory of The Chairman of The Board!
Thanks for RT of article. Following you now, feel free to follow back.
I totally just read that was "cocaine companion"
OMG was the 30 Rock live show awesome or what???
yeah that's the one.
T2: Working in health IT I feel linked to people's well being, and that's much cooler than anything else I could imagine.
RT : bro I know true love when I see it lol true love I'm rescue from the dragon true love 1st Kiss
No one would dare judge your dinner. We've all been there! Bon Appetit!
I might try and hit QCon in SF again. And maybe CodeStock and Devlink
Pool hall. 👌
yeah I know right! I did mine friday night like a nerd. I'm way past stressed.
I think your account has been compromised
i dont think so
I've smoke my last cigarette, atleast 100 times I bet, i guess I'll just keep quittin til it sticks.
TFFL! Make sure to follow he was out shooting the TFFL story from News 14. Good sports tweets!
put 100 points on Hosmer's BA & other percentages are almost acceptable. Of course, if gramma had wheels she'd be a wagon
God bless the pumpkin patch! The little seeds r now blossoming to beautiful palm trees flourishing with tiny Australian ninjas :)
-no, he's bald. Well, he has one strand of hair on the middle of his head. I remember that episode(:
Almost just got electrocuted. At least I'd gain super powers....? -TS
Grandmother passed.</3
Get that popcorn popped, Awards in one hour !!
Happy 2nd Mother's Day my big girl! I love you! ~ Love,.Mommy
Actually, on second thought, I think I'm just going to microwave some burritos.
even we are going nuts about it lately
So Can I.
Oh yum
Sri Lanka hotel guest arrested for having ...beetles? - USA TODAY
have you called your mother!?
I feel you. Seriously, I know how that feels.
been a while since you busted that out!!!!
double cars i dont never drop bikes i dont never rob crib i aint never been fool you aint bett then i move like the president
Lectured at MiraCosta in the morning about upcoming exhibit #DomesticDisobedience Students were hyper-engaged.
What do you consider your greatest achievement? How did you reach it?
I will use my moop
Big show today...Troy Renck, former Av Keith Jones, Mountain West commish Craig Thompson, Broncos RB JJ Arrington, Astros manager Brad Mills
mass text seems about right though.. then she just pick and choose the niggas she wanna hit back?! im one of THOSE niggas?!
Join the KSLX Classic Crew & Coors Banquet at Basha’s on Dysart & Camelback on today from 5 to 6pm. Grab the text code at the Coors...
What a miserable morning.
At the WSC zSkating rink for more learn to play hockey, have fun out on the ice.
Masters of Cinema Blu-ray?
yea ya did :)
in terms of compiling research of articles, blogs, books, tweets, ebooks?
Just got the trash out right before the men came...
This is a ugly picture of you.U really need to stop LOL
Today was a +1 day
Okay Garage Band for the iPad is a blast to make music with. Yet another amazing tool from Apple.
This weekend in NYC at MSG Professional Bull Riding!! Come check out the festivities sponsored by Pabst Get a PBR at the PBR no Bull!!!
Switching my major was a great decision; I had forgotten what it was like to not have to worry about grades and enjoy your classes.
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
Had a really tasty raw dinner last night, full of vitamins and enzymes. Go raw for the weekend and feel the difference in your work outs.
Young Dancers, Aiming For 'First Position' - NPR
Another 3 named: for Senate Republicans on the #super committee, it's Kyl, Portman and Toomey,
"It's clear to see who makes the pants here" -Ricky, Trailer Park Boys
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. - Albert Einstein
Oh no!! VERY disappointed!!! I have class I was enrolled in by boss tomorrow. Will miss #chat2lrn (may make part of #swchat)
Check out The Cliftones tonight!
having hate for a radio show caller is just fucking sad
Boredom arrives :/
RT : Ah, Portland. Where the air is clean, the tap water is delicious, and the trees are actually alive. I missed you.
Valentines Naughty or Nice tins are just $7!!!!
I hate when females call me boo when i don't even know yo name..nor we have anythang going between us
At Odd Fellows with a hood book, happy sigh..
ill lend you Donovan
i WANT TO THANK MY NEW FOLLOWERS FOR FOLLOWING ME! IT WILL BE REWARDING ON YOUR PART.
President Obama is finally leaving the sidelines and entering the battlefield. My President! Keep on pressin! Lead, and people will follow!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet We ARE going to make this happen someday eventually. YEAH BUDDY ^__^
#friday13th my lucky day!
Daylight Savings ends this weekend. Find a new time change sweeper on
Never underestimate the power of Late Night Snack and My Chemical Romance. It's the greatest form of Recovery Package
#HappyMothersDay Hope you have a good day. (:
True, I'm just concerned about overlap! RT : But isn't that better than a summertime cold during vacation?
Even the buses are bigger in Texas.
you drive the tahoe like a vieja! Where the fuck are you??
so cool! thanks for sharing.
Hm, just not lovin' the new bboyz song. I know you didn't picture me as a BBoyz type. Maybe I'm getting too old.
2.5 million: Number of youth tutored, mentored, or served by AmeriCorps members in fiscal 2010
Matt Budzyn. That is all.
watches too much TV and then stares at people out in the world, trying to figure out what else she's seen them in.
I had a delicious lunch at the Gallery with today. If you've not been, I highly recommend it.
I either want Chinese food or to spend money in an Apple Store right now.
Looks like California got some snow at low elevations. Reminds me of when I lived in Cleveland...hard to drive in the snow...I forget.
I want action NOW!
To the idiot that burnt my arm with a cig this weekend: Fux You 
Most likely! RT is it safe to assume you'll be sampling Ryediculous at this year's Food & Froth at the museum?
Wishing a warm welcome to #NM today- and supporting his efforts to diversify our energy economy.
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation week Congrats to MD chem teacher Michelle Shearer 2011 Teacher of the Year!
WELCOME TO THE HOTTEST LABEL IN PITTSBURGH! LET'S GET IT!
okay. Please try!!
I've got 90 minutes to start/finish this lab report before Raw. It's clobberin' time.
Victorino is 0-4 with a strikeout, groundout, pop out and flyout. If he lines out here, he's done it all.
LOL I know right!!
I enjoy writing letters c: .
Overheard : "We've developed an English only i18n solution."
....friends for all of your support....Believe me when I say: The pleasure is all mine when I am in front of u guys performing..
Artist Kerry James Marshall gives AMAZING public lectures. The one he gave a few years ago at the Southern Graphics Council ...
Writing Anecdotes,confessions, recipes\ Coming soon
i never underestimate 3 things n life: Me Myself & I
": What's a nice way to tell someone they're dead to you?"send a funeral bouquet
This year, in the United States, the estimated new cases from brain and other nervous system cancers is 22,910.
It's through an application process. I can connect you with our chairperson if you would like. Send me your email
Thanks Anne! :)
We had so much fun, but you would have been a nice addition. Miss you love
Register quickly at Tech Entrepreneurs Week while tickets last.
im trying i know a few
Food & Math. RT : Michelle obama in San Diego: food is the universal language. We need a garden in every community.
Phew! Long day but great - at #ELUconference until I had to make a quick exit for a sick kid! Thx to & all presenters.
is thinking about expanding her charity efforts to give back to the DC region: perhaps save the bay and the capital area food bank? :)
And no, I do not have video of this PR. But I don't lie about PR's. And I was too "I'm in the f***ing zone chief" to bother with the camera!
WELL don't you sound smart! We are turning AZ Blue this year see what you can do about that!
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare. ~ Japanese proverb ~
Get those hot asses down to Avo's in Fort Collins, CO and yell at those friends and families to join us as well...Big ups and big poops! 8pm
&quot;It&#39;s hard to frown and skip at the same time&quot; - Rachel Brozenske on Happiness at today&#39;s RSHRM meeting
I love it so much! Hooray for DisNerds!
You should have treated yourself to a nicer dinner!
Connecting to Collaborate!
I wonder how many fans didnt get their follow from him yet.. I know Im one of them!!!!!
so, you know, I'd you're giving up bacon you could always chew on your arm. Lol. 2/2
What's good beautiful people hope everyone Sunday was blessed...another week approaches...goodluck!
All Prince, all the time. Just to appease
That's pretty damn funny actually if you don't mind me saying. The sides of my face hurt from laughing so hard. Thanks for sharing!
In Spongebob Squarepants, how does a crab have a whale as his daughter??!!
Wedding ring just got to tight. Panicked and DH got so worried he went right for wire cutters.
Let me know if you're going, so I'll be sure to bring an umbrella.
HAHAHA THIS IS SO TRUE. HAHA OMFG. I AM DEAD
I'm going to get a pedicure. Ah.
100 years ago 50% of adults in North America were toothless.
Betty over Wilma, anyday, maryann over Ginger as well
Obama's Robin Hood Complex: a follower pundit dressed in Lincoln green, that hasn't spent a night alone in a forest, much less live there.
Fun profile pic! Something like that.
We try! RT thanks. they do things properly at the Smithsoninan, don't they?
I can't imagine how fun that would be! Please keep us posted on your faves from time to time. Ugh,
Les kiss & make up <3
Thanks - honored and pleased to know you did!
Sunday is always my rest day will call my mum today see how she is. Relax; play top spin 2 and go to sauna house. Sweet sunday
Icecream with :D
It's Sonic Burger Night. Get 5 Sonic works burgers for $5.95 from 5pm to close. Only at Sonic Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. Come & get em'!
Looks like I’ll be itemizing… That’s what I get for living in high-tax state (school, property taxes alone put me over standard deduction).
You tend to forget how much the little touches mean. Like a pickel with the sandwich.
Teradyne's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha
Chinese for the day: 耳朵 [ěrduo] ear
got turned around. Be there in a second
Like hearing you on with for a few minutes. Love you for 3+ hours breaking this game down!
Can't sleep because keeps tweeting<33 Oh well(: #2DAYS until we can see your teeth!! Happy??(: I'm
but neither here nor there.....it's always 4:20.
? headed to the U.P. 4 a motorcycle trip
I need new artist hit me up
Thanks! They're made from 100% plant based products (sugar cane) & are 100% compostable & biodegradable. From !
Yes Chris we sell both new and used Macs, as well as iPads, iPods, and Apple TV. We also take trade-ins and collect ewaste
Here’s the hint for tomorrow: This discounted product can help you drop some serious poundage…
Friday! Friday! Friday!
I hope everyone who is reading this has a rich and abundant holiday season this year! Thank you again to all who have sent love and support
Wis. Democratic legislative leaders assail Gov. Walker's $123 millioin in new cuts announced Dec. 23 as a "lump of coal"
What can a girl do to notice her?! Seriously?!!!
#TheBestThing That one special kiss....
Albert Pujols' wife insulted by $26 million/yr for 5 years offer by the Cardinals.
Fuck Love ! Kill Cupid ! Her Lies < ! I'm Not Stupid !
Up grinding
uh....good morining
Woah, Nellie... this fight may break into a hockey game.
:) RT : If it was easy everyone would do it. If it was easy everyone would do it. If it was easy everyone would do it.
traffic is a disease that spreads from awful drivers to the rest of the road hogs.
Chris brown can get it ♡♡♡♡
Are you serious? Im so sorry! :(
Were you ever a child of a prisoner? How did life turn out for you? Send us message.
Ok, So i've embarked on a New Begining for a New Year. It's a bold move for certain, but, I'm ready to see what it will bring.
Fuck me, i hate school -__-
I want to do something on this beautiful.day. :)
possibly my new hood once I get the first couple pay checks in....
pitino was very classy tonite, give him props.......
#MANA Lyrics is all I'll be tweeting for the next couple of hours so either scroll me down or unfollow me.
Ex: I love you! Me: "ERROR!" im sorry the person your trying to send a text to doesn't except lies.
playing with my baby. he is so active. smh.
Can I get a follow please? Big fan of your game and ability to make ur own shot
Austerity does not work in close elections ~ #recallwalker #wirecall help us get a win for
Skyrim the game!!? RT : Was gonna try a bit of Skyrim before I tapped out... Thinking imma fall asleep to Love Jones instead
What happened to your leg?
It's April Fool's Day...Try not to get bamboozled!
so how would U know? U wouldn't! :P
Admit it. I'm the sanest person you know. And that scares you.
Taking my rabbit for a walk.
Your words make's your world, so be careful how they are used! #SoTrue -ApostleDannieWilliams-
controlled-release preparations fulfill these expectations
wants to push the e-reader toward greater sociality + annotative capacities
it must be amazing over there! Gabo over there to right?
Quick note on column. The 2007 Browns didn't make the playoffs. 10-6 but lost when Colts rested in week 17
2nd time seeing TheHungerGames sitting in seat 13 again but this time with my mockingjay pin😃 exciting
Heading into Rudolph's where rumor has it will be meeting us!
agreed. are you watching #NYvRSL now too?
SCOTUS reviewed 14th Amend only once in 1935 regarding nat'l debt. "Congress can't repudiate existing debt."
You're absolutely amazing... you shouldn't have gone home... I know you have a lot coming for you though... Love you. <3
"Consistency is what counts. You have to do things over and over again to be great." -Hank Aaron
“: HAPPY BIRTHDAY FAKE AS ”Thanks Sis Come Party With Down Peanuts Tonight!!!!
Vegas has a ban on professional sports teams above the minor league level.
“: Beer for the game...Sam Octoberfest. What do you have?” New Glarus Brewing Fat Squirrel
Well that was a eurhythmics fail....
Stopped in at Blue Inc recently. Loved your Kobe burger chef. delicious.
I will be present in Rasputin during New Year party for kids on Saturday and Sunday as Snow Queen?Snow girl? Come and see.
ah this song makes me miss my twin! :(
So glad I got my baby Birthday gifts out da way early. He gone b so happy. No big party this year just a nice celebration n Kemah.
I originally planned on bringing one pair of heels, smh... Glad I wore my flats instead! :)
Quick YouTube search, and James Young is good. Why doesn't he have an offer??
Day off in Milwaukee! Chilling with the crew
The most important work you and I ever do will be within the walls of our own homes. ~Harold B. Lee
Congratulations Gabe! I'm so happy for you!!!!
Fantasy Writers Workshop with Michael Beard! What makes a good Fantasy plot? What did the great & famous in genre say about it? Sun 2-4
says to follow , squirrels everywhere are on it!
A modern club music band took over a country bar in #Phoenix tonight. Remarkably good for their first show.
Came to Woodbury for a gift basket. Ended up going to Colonial for old bay fries instead.
The only thing about my shoot getting canned - I can watch the Oscars now!!
J. Travis: students in Am. Women writers class work on Wikipedia pages on writers and novels. discipline-specific writing!
Take my hand and I wont look back
Great outing by . A big win and a solid game for the #royals against the reigning AL champs.
If the #Brewers lose this series to the #Astros it may be time to start thinking about the best option for Greinke.
But I thought "the Government" released that data?! Oh wait...
awwh what's wrong??
thanks for the reminder! Can't wait! I'll have to refresh my memory watching the last few episodes on Netflix before hand.
oh, why the hell not ... wish I had one.
excited for this!
Feels worse than losing game 6, come on Braun, steroids???? WTF??? Can I cancel my season tix for next year?
I have never seen it. Vowed to live my life titanic free
good deal
at the airport making websites
glad to see you participating in #tweetaboutit campaign. Here's to an active month of #SAAM activities!
Remember how I mentioned starting a worm farm to help reduce waste? We made one this week at Gonesh!
Grew tired of my bathroom stuff and decided to redo it completely but this time with a dinosaur theme. Yup, this is happening.
SAVE-the-Date! 4th Annual SEI/PDX Police Fair is fast approaching. Fun activities for our kids (3/27, 11am) in partnership w/
A lot of celebrities in Clintonville tonight: Mason Crosby, Dick Bennett, Bill Jartz, UW tight end Sam Arneson.
“: Please don't make it harder than it already is.” ...that's what she said?
Tip #79: If you do what others do you will never have skills greater than theirs. Practice thinking in creative ways and grow.
• As in earliest day the grass gets to see the sky?
immunity, bomb shelters, & cryonics assistance follows unsigned rapper pull a string interscope records
Drat! I got nothing. Sounds like I'll have some reading to do once you've got the list finished.
Big thanks to Fuck Yeah Pop-Punk for featuring us on their facebook page and website!! Check them out for great pop punk news!!
follow back please!? =) <3
Homemade cheeseburgers and strawberry lemonade...
you guys are AMAZING!
#thissummerimgoingtostart running in the morning with my dog
Interviewed this a.m. on The Takeaway.
Such fun last night performing in 's sketch comedy writing class show at ! Don't be jealous BUT I played George Washington!
... Hi Jeremy, any chance u missed me? I answered McNally pretty quickly ... if I win, I'm donating jersey to Harbor Hospital
You know how I do ;)
Very cool, have fun!
“: hungry” that makes two of us -.-
Tune in to tonight at 6pm to support !
Eat, Play, Love
Just bought #Audiotorium and it crashes when audio bookmarks are selected. Defeats purpose of app. Please fix a.s.a.p. ☹
Grades are posted!!
I Should be at school doing work, But im at home sick on twitter, trying to get JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To trend for ! :)
Wishing much success at #ASCD12! Can't wait to catch up on news from the conference next week.
Impressive use of health data - sleep, blood pressure, exercise, medical records, prescriptions & more at Summit hackathon.
and to think he's gotten A LOT better with Uhh and Umm!
I'm getting more followers by the minute haha!!!!
News Rory McIlroy brimming with confidence as he heads into pre-Masters break DORAL, Fla.—After signing for a 67 on Su
Group blog decisions to make: domain/hosting, schedule, topics/prompts, comment policy
Skinny boy with 💪 , this Skinny boy will bust you.
my daddy do NOT like Jalen! -_-
my brother, if you're free I'd love to have you come out and fellowship with me as I minister a word this Sunday.
Listened to some of your new album today. Keep spreading the musical love!
I'm so hungry.
Yes! RT : Want to see biz results-not activities : A3 Differentiate betwn efficiency vs effectiveness metrics
Yeah and I’ll be right here in my spot with a little more cash than I already got Trippin off you cause you had your shot
Yes. It's "Hollywood vs. everyone else in the world."
Summer come back!!!
I just love this game!
For real. I haven't even gotten to work yet.
Thursday is ICONic Day on FB!! Giving u guys more luv and support on Thursday!♥
all the whispering at work is SO annoying.
#YouKnowYoureInLoveIf you get butterflies every time you're around them. <3
The maid+the Croatian are just used here as oblique ways to tell a story about what two men did. The panda is the least of it
- no worries! Good luck with everything!
Kill yourself, NOW -.-
I believe we can have anythings we want ... If we put enough faith out there to get it .
twitter . I love twitter
girl you know we do it major, we aint gotta call the shit givin headd girl we could call it returnin favors.
♪If You Ever Forget How Much You Really Mean To Me Every Day I Will Remind You♪
Im starving 😲
Okay this is just weird.
Taking off! Miami in less than 3 hrs!!!!!!! So anxious :)
Watching Streets of Fire
Wikipedia's other broad categorical indices are:
4G Hot Spot now available from Verizon.
Only if you have green chili too.
Money and pussy always reveal your true friends
One more week until I go to México.
Guess I didn't get the memo. I'm the only one here in my direct department. Going to be a long day!
Contemplating where to run
how does the blofeld sound? worth having a piece of hardware sitting around?
Getting the hang of #stik ... Thanks for the rec's y'all... ! >blushing<
No, I'll be bringing my red trolley along though
facebook whats your problem duder ? i cant send friend requests i cant send messages , and i can hardly comment with out some account block
Busy day with meetings and running errands. Now 2nd floor of to do hair!
The biggest winners last night were P5 taking 10 of the 18 awards. Congrats Jessica and Marci.
You should watch the segment from Kathy Lee and Hoda !
pandora always seems to find the right song :D
You folks are awesome.
so happy for you and brad!!! Love you both so much!
throws an awesome event! #dctweetup bravo!!
Falcons already pulling starters with 2 minutes to go until halftime 17-0
That makes me REALLY jealous.
RT via reminds us that timing is everything in the flow of information.
promo me
Women that are spoiled are no good. If you know how to cut grass baby we can share all my cash, then some.
she not claiming you shawty
Part time work, job sharing and volunteering can help keep retires connected to the workforce
: Lucky!!!!!! If I could afford it I would already be there! lol But of course Im broke as idk what haha
Plan for today: laundry, spotless kitchen, run 3 miles, write 1,000 words, and church. #goals are awesome.
aww that's good bro! Glad to hear
Gonna get Max groomed. This should be interesting ;)
what it is fam?
better late than never!
Thank you ! Phone service=not great, twitter service=excellent!
yeah! how did yours go?!
thanks for another informative evening.
I think the rush will even improve more if Neal can get on the field. Great start though!
“: “Cheeseburger, fries, domestic bottles, house wine and more for just $20 tonight ?” I'll be there
Your nephew can no longer develop your web initiatives!
I hate to say it but... Today = No bueno ):
MLB Network reporting the Phillies are now the favorite to land Heath Bell.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 7
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. -Miguel de Cervantes
Come down and tell ghost stories. #pdxslumberparty #epicslumberparty #fightchurchmysteryschool Lift the camping ban. Waive R2DT's fines!
yes got it thanks =) I'll email you
I never realized how short Kevin Hart is lol xD
Hangover on mother's day? Not my best look :l
Watching The Bucket List in class today! Thank God.
did you do standup again and not tell me? I need to know these things...
How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens?
I just realized that making staff picks our March promotion means that *all* of our best books are on sale this month. Crazy! --Sheila
STAR WARS™: THE OLD REPUBLIC™ EXPANDS TO NEW ...
They should all go to my stache bash if they are all gonna meet up with you anyways. :( I really want to see Jordan
"Mom, do you like modest mouse?" "Yeah! They're good" Ha, I didn't think she knew who they were.
Hm...I am not authorized to fuss with authorizations. lol!! Lemme see what I can do about that.
RT No Chris Bosh? Yeah the Heat might be out.
I just want to stargaze..
Thursday Night it's the Official COLLEGE PARTY , Beer Pong
The rational Concious Mind is the most powerful tool in the world
It's cold here in Boston - which warm destination are you day dreaming of today?
bahaha those ole cow tongue tacos :)
Tweetahs! Love is the merchandise which all the world demands. If you store it in your hearts every soul will become your customer. I. Khan
Traveling Sunset Blvd. is hazardous to my tires. Thanks DOT for the construction spike and the mechanics bill to remove it.
RT Diamond Fact: Diamond crystals are brought closer to the earths surface through volcanic activity. |
Andy's starting Wednesday at AA, then he probably gets 1 more rehab start & returns in mid-May, most likely replacing Garcia
WE HATE IJEVER!
Hey!!! HAPPY HOUR AT GEORGETOWN MUSIC FEST IS ON NOW!!!!
My 17 y.o. took my laptop for HW. The problem is now I can't do my HW! Urrrgg!
So who is digging on google + ?
it's become quiet apparent you have no idea what the word awesome means.
#earthquake We felt it here in San Bruno.
Culpepper may not be the last ex-player-turned lawyer to join #NFL concussion lawsuits: Ron Mix and Shawn Stuckey could also be candidates
Yeah I was trying not to mention your old people bedtimes. Lol!
I can see my house from here!
Happy Earth Day, everyone!
Who studies for an A/V certification at 4am? Oh wait I do…
Crazy arms that seek to hold somebody new, but my burnin' heart keeps sayin' you're not mine!
-Okay baby-!
thank you love! I do hope you are doing well and enjoying the last night of summer. #byebyewhitepants/shoes
Ive been having the craziest in depth and most realistic dreams O.o
My team's rockin' it! We've got a hobo running around and completing events in Unity.
Just WOW! On a tour of the USSR (1990), I spent the Moscow leg in bed with the flu and missed the Bolshoi Ballet. :-(
you think that's awkward... Walk in my shoes..lml
Happy Mother's day.
So for those who don't get one tonight, gn, sleep tight & sweet dreams 🌙🌟
see if they have any used Blake Babies' singles! ;-)
Get your Guns N' Roses tickets for their Live Show tomorrow at the Roseland Ballroom - NY. For tickets, call us at: 888-493-0004
yeah she threw a mango at her then shoved pudding down her pants ^_^ true story.
Resend me your phone number at some point. I have a new mobile device.
Release date for "Momentum" is set for Sept. 11th! Sending tracks to Paul Gilbert to play on today. Woo hoo!
Emily Maynard is the next #Bachelorette!!! Cannot wait!!
Wanna be my best friend? Bring me a Milkyway...
So only idols at SMTown this year, I'm ok with that
weeerrrkkk Marj! How did it go?
Thanks to Jake Tapper of ABC News for giving our little film project a shout out. Thanks for making some good noise, Jake.
RT : Indefinite suspension for Torres fair, provided (this) means mid-Oct. Hit so egregious Goodell wants to fine on principle
Oh! so cute!
Good morning! “We’ve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.” - Denis Waitley
It wouldn't be a 'camp' without an arts/music lesson. Learning about history of African drumming (and about to beat the drums) at
Well sh*# happens!
I guess its summer time outside !
Woo! Angry Birds xD!
« I get happy when I split an Oreo in half and the cream is perfect on one side while the other side is clean.»
Do you have Anachrophobia: The irrational fear of anachronisms?
Excited because I got one more follower on my blog.
ah I wish! not sure I can make it tho
oh how fun! Good luck with that!
NO! NCIS! NOT DUCKY!!!!!!!!! I may never watch it ever again
Thanks, Nate! You're very kind. Glad you're back!!
I am investing in a skateboard. Lol
hand down
through the weekend! Just enough time to visit an insane amount of restaurants that serve every type of cuisine!
There's more people that want it than people that have it!
When my own girlfriend thinks I'm too pussy to do something hahahaha bitch you don't know me as good as I thought.
i just discovered why morning showers are so amazing.
did you see how fast he moved on that peralta hit?
my spoons just be disappearing
Sometimes strong is all i can be . <3
Pedroia & Cody Ross = hair club for men :>) or.. I'm told manly men go bald early
In the hallway with all the seniors not going to 7th period
Does Wendy Chun just automatically provide gorgeous little twitter-bits? She's amazing in any context.
What is the record for longest distance on one of those shower slides you told Bob Costas about?
to bed lol. Gotta wake up early so I have to prep at night.
In Columbia, SC. Game time Friday night is 6pm Central. There will be a free webcast & we'll post the link tomorrow! #HookEm! #tourney!
Our cat prefers to express himself through the art of 'laying on his fat ass all day' and 'primarily sneezing on clean clothes'
M_Casler11 if youre grabbing food at a restaurant, get a coupon for it here
I just want to be able to call you my girlfriend :)
Love #Yankees fans who talk so much smack but then get defensive when their team crumbles.
I am just glad that me and Peter Chiarelli are on the same page
likes to blow on long things that resemble a penis.
Nick Young better not mess with S-Jax
I like the fact that the whole first 4 hours I'm at work I can just chill.
need a little inspiration to clean the apartment..
What an awesome workout! So glad I have there, motivating me!
School starts Thursday at 6 p.m. - wine school that is.
Count Your Blessings...
This school is driving me to nervous breakdown country fast
Shoe game... You got tht! Love it!
fat head's head hunter ipa might be my favorite ipa ever... this week.
This Friday we hit Sean O'Callaghan's and Saturday we hit Brick's of Northville. See and you shall be seen. Taste and you shall be tasted.
Hey!! Working on it as we speak! Actually put some acoustic versions of new songs on iTunes a while back...have a great day!
Writing's coming along. Hope to finish the new novel by early 2012.
Thanks for coming out to our media preview. Story on "A Genius for Place" in tonight's 5 (party at 7).
I just realized Austin lives 35 minutes away from me. And I'm just chillen in my room. lmao.
Listening to ASAP rocky and posting castings for Crimson's "Megahertz" music video this sunday
Today's gift card winner is HOPE N JIMMIE STAVES. Congratulations!
I'd confront you and ask if you're talking about me. But then again I don't care if you are.
I wonder if anyone's had to get tommy John surgery due to years of furious masturbation
can anyone explain to me why the hell they would schedule the biggest college basketball game on a monday night?
yes that's right
I once had this dating site give me best states where my personality would work best. It went 1.Oregon 2.California 3.Washington
Watching GOP presidential candidates debate on
what else is new! He and those who follow should be fired for endangering the welfare of Americans. GOPNwill never learn
Scientifically we could end malaria. It would be more cost effective to end it. But politics both local and global get in the way.
hmm save me a plate :)
Greece's failure to form a coalition government increased fears that the nation would leave the euro zone.
I love technology ^_^
So close to taking total control of the space in which the kick and the bass really sit..... Watch out subwoofers everywhere..... :-)
Oh my god... cassidy is so slow. i couldve run 3 laps around the school in the time she ran 1 hahahahaha
I'm amused, in 's fresh burst of tweeting, by his obsession with & by his "slim Rush" photo.
Okay, , consider me teased. ;-) /cc
Davey s kansas city cher uk rocking old cocks.
Just a thought.. if Obama is reelected for president in November, his theme song should be I Am Your Leader.
So hilarious! RT : That last shot... DYING!
do you ever curse?
Working on some new concepts, wait until they drop. Lethal
I Am Legend had the smartest zombies I have ever seen....
"why'd you leave the kids upon the table? (you wanted to)"
my cheeks still hurt from laughing after your show lastnight. Matthew Mcconaughey act out was priceless :)
will be going to see think like a man,, steve harvey has sold some of the game, but previews look good
That is a fact!!
Yesterday a gigantic beetle landed on me while at work (I think it was a metallic wood-boring beetle) and today I am being bit by mosquitos.
nice :D andd brooklyn ny :F
marvel vs capom3?
I have respect with Paul. I feel like my disagreements w/him r like those founders had. OTOH MS RWNJ rep what all founders agreed was bad.
Come to think of it Yogi Bear always appeared to have a clean ass. Maybe that's why he kept Boo-Boo around
Was asked today what is in a mince pie. Luckily enough Wikipedia helped.
Air India aims to become India's 1st green airline in one year
LMFAO on #Verizon Stage tonight at 930 pm! Today Show taped this morning at 7 and back tomorrow! #Indy looks get on national tv!
I'll come up Thursday come back to medford Friday and we can hit up my sacred fishing grounds
So true!
mumbo jumbo
Its always amazing to me how some people go thru life never accepting responsibility for their actions yet try to make/blame u
Your perception of me is your reality, not mine. Carry on :)
like if I just said I saw a 6 legged cat! That would be interesting. If I said beautiful day I'm so happy... not so much
signed on for the... what?? Don't leave us hanging!!
A test in every class on the half day before break? #really? at least we earned a week off #freedom!!!!
Off to the Chicago alum event! Should be fun even if its combined with St. Olaf alum. #GoNorse!
Filling the teapot and turning it on because tea will warm my frozen feet, right?
Been hanging with my ex lately, and we were talking about how even though I'm sober I'm still ME. I always will be! <3
I'm happy you finally found a way to share that pic of without seeming super creepy.
Feels great to be done with the website launch. Very happy with the result. Already working on improvements with
you tap them on an nfc reader that's been programmed to do it.
No. But you do choose to not have kids and I wonder how long before they will take that choice from you.
Charlie Murphy!!! All weekend long at the Miami Improv hope to see you there! www.miamiimprov.com
So many good rest in downtown MKE...Maders, Molly Cools, Buck Bradleys, King & I, Safehouse, Buca's to name a few.
I had a shitty Monday & decided im pissed off today. Was gonna take the day off from the gym but have a feeling I'll need to blow off steam
happy bday doll love you very much and God bless you.
she is so cute:)
Client meeting and training this morning... Time to move from theory to application.
just a heads up, your Twitter is sending spam DMs. might want to change your password :p
then do it for the love of the game...
Its true what they say about grey, you really cant read this thing in public
Yes mom, shape macaroni is still the best kind.
#5Texas @ CU NEEDS win if any chance of getting in the NCAA. Jordan Hamilton would look good in a Nuggets uniform
It's #Taco and #Hockey Night at the Echo! Tacos are $1 or 1 for $4 for 5! All the #StanleyCupPlayoff will be on! Plus Trivia is at 9!
The game's lingo is ridiculous and charming and crazy that everyone learns it eventually.
Thanksgiving is around the corner. Make sure kitchen appliances are in working order and get parts and cleaning supplies from APCo.
Haha me dos!!
Hi, Do you still have the ticket?
Hello Kat, you account is sending spam tweets...
Looks like a mini #EMchat tonight -- that's always a good thing :)
obviously a skull.
Thanks for the follow, it's much appreciated.
Coloring outside the lines is a fine art. ~Kim Nance
I did the double Chinatown BOS-NY-PHL twice this week. Not only did I survive, but I was v. amused by a full-on battle royale on the bus. :)
": Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world!!!"
When Fugly girls think their freaken gorgeous.
When hangs up on me <<<
Mary, I brought that quilt/pillow...where do I need to take it and when? -Michelle
Spring break has me all messed up! Going to bed! Good morning!;)
I swear young women are lost these days - Drake
feel all wavy & shit. sleep.
and ProjectWalkSCI Thanks for adding your agency to database. Glad to have you listed :)
What you hear about it fam?
Why do you hate what you don't understand?!?
definitely more granola than troll
Haha why thank ya! <3 I went on a RT-ing spree last night!
I'm watching you, buddy.
:Good answer but,not it...think more intimate.m
Someone tell the home plate umpire, the game isn't about him. Nice strike zone d-bag.
McGehee and Betancourt are essentially the same player at this point. No bat and no glove. Gomez is at least a stud in CF
I like toast in the morning. You need to know that in case you close in the morning.
agreed. So much work to be done. In this room and outside of it.
I think Jeffery will be better than all of them.
I have no ride my mums car is in the shop
Meek millz that dude...☺👍👌
Not sure if you meant the WM/CM Punk drawing money line as hyperbole but I think it might actually be an accurate statement.
Instructor certification for the civilian sector
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger. - Buddha
Thanks for a power-packed presentation today-
Bet ya didn't know Chimps could read a teleprompter. Wait. Don't respond to that!! :)
why didn't I see that last one? Anyway... ahoy!
Christ is the Greek word for the Hebrew word Messiah. Therefore Christian means Messiah-like..are we really doing our best to live upbto it?
Already time to prep my syllabi for the next term.
what about your boy Sanjay?
Fab bodied devil in a new dress beat.
What show are you at?
best game of error 37 ever.
Thanks! It's an old white BMW in the NW corner.
I'll live feed you
Ahem. "For, say they, when cruising in an empty ship, if you can get nothing better out of the world, get a good dinner out of it at least."
Don't envy the judges who will select the winner of #pittbigidea. How will they decide?? Great pitches. Congrats to all!
no raisin bran this morning got me feeling extra hairy and pale.
showing methods to protect your WiFi clients using server certificate validation - "Using 802.1x correctly"
Lakers got that w! All is well.
Install my first EMC Avamar Node in the Data Center
I think I will draw a picture for my 1000th follower. Who will be the lucky person (or spambot?)
Eli is playing tough
we'll link soon! Stop by anytime.
An invitation to actor friends anywhere in the world - help beta test the Beckinfield project! www.beckinfield.com (click "Join")
OH MY GOODNESS!!!! what am I watching????? I didn't expect this at all!!!! AH D:
Might be DC memorial day weekend...aint been there yet
WE WILL BE ON IN ABOUT 10 MINUTES ON CHANNEL 13 NEWS
I dont know how long I'm going to survive in school....stressed
RT : Want some great news? & are all returning to #FeastingForFido this year! #YUM!
did u delete it from ur external hard drive to ur c drive !!!!!?????
Annette, he's a despicable human being & tool! He's not for Americans!
Bravo! and congrats.
Crunch time or clutch time for the #Texans offense?
Theoretically, if you are the kind of person who does sits ups, my advice would be to do them before you eat a 1/2 lb cheeseburger.
I'm a firm believer that some people really get what they deserve. Karma's a bitch, honey...
Looking to connect with active reporters in the NYC / NJ Eastern PA area for some potentially fun segment ideas.
I saw it & was blown away! Great doc! I cried so much when the make a wish kids' dying wish was 2 see Elmo. So touching.
mane aint goin either then i got other sht to do!
would it be weird if my icon was one of the boyz?..
Heat got massacred . Smh . Gotta pick it up in game 4 boys.
Come again? Key word, "well". I was there, I witnessed everything
Pailla: I'd be a lot more comfortable asking for more information through a committee with people on both sides. Help us construct that.
Yup, Class of 04
This shit weather has forced me to revert back to my Boy Scout days.
it's all about tonight! Cannot wait to see you later!
Home-based business owners need not worry, you don't have to show your mailing address with Google Places.
Don’t make me sad, don’t make me cry. Sometimes love is not enough and the road gets tough I don’t know why.
. . Morocco - check! Grand Canyon - check!
Tis the season of giving, what is your favorite cause or charity to give back to around the holidays?
No I havent met Mr. Right yet, but I have met Mr. Fake, Mr. Rude, & Mr. Player.
Thanks for the follow Austin Shoppings (AustinShoppings)! :)
I loved my Tandy 1000. Oh so much.
In the car with tay and trevir jones !
Hm. Might have to try some "Cocoa Tans" this weekend.
So, just kicked me off LI Sales Playbook! for "self-promotion." I offered Venntive as an alternative to Salesforce, etc.
I don't have any friends. My old friends don't talk to me anymore. Really depressing
-smiles back-
Just finished organizing my closet. Shoe count: 35 pairs. I'm stunned
what you up to :)
New website coming soon. Fast checkout,mobile phone payments,new callaway and TM clubs and a new orlando location.
I've ordered from them - they have super cute stuff, but be careful on lengths of skirts & dresses! Can be super short!
shit! I forgot about that xc
We would like to invite you to our festival this Sunday @ the Ronald Reagan building from 2-9pm. You'll feel like you're in
Celebrity sighting!! Taylor Hawkins from stopped in today!
I love the idea of Start up Nation. It seems there is a true explosion of miracles coming from Israel.
my night just happened to transition from being awesome to me feeling sick.
Scotland Yard Pub opens at 4pm for Sunday Dinner...and great drinks. What are YOU doing?
Teas, Fruit Butters, Honey, Wei of Chocolate, Tracy Demspey Originals and Dr. Smith's The Perfect Breakfast....
I hate having to come home after cuddling with my boyfriend all day & night /:
Good Morrow To You RockStar.. How Does Thy day been?
I wish I could explain to you how I felt, because every night before I go to bed, you're all I think about.
LA...sorry for the late reply!
Lmao RT : RT : Sager: "Hold on to that game ball", McGee: "Thanks", *throws ball 35 rows in the air*
Welcome to twitter and thanks for the follow! You've helped me reach 350 followers.
no it's not they r great but just not better than KOBE I mean come on man be forreal u can't hate Kobe that much !!!
I might not be
A friendly reminder from #Naughtons "Don't get caught with your pads down". We carry a wide selection of cooler pads at all of our stores.
WATER season is almost upon us. Get ready for me to start wearing a bathing suit under my clothes everyday.
Include DVD, WithoutABox receipt, statement about the film, include laurels if you have them. Mail in a bubble wrap mailer envelope.
Just got back from the gym and my neck is killing me... sorry I been out the loop what's good??
Great time tonight Thanks to and for coming out tonight
-- Why would you drop a closer for a non-closer?
yes:D
Probability of impotent offense coming back from 2 run deficit in last 7 innings: .0000000000000001
alright! I'm in on Saturday with her-can't wait. :)
do you live in LA or OC?
LOOK. yall know ya stomachs. ate that at ya own damg risk...
This guy just started peeing at the lightrail ticket machine #dafuqdidijustsee?
Pandora On For The Night, As I Sleep Away The Memories Of yesterday, For The Dreams Of Today
All caught up on social media.
So its 6 and I just got out of school and I'm up but when I'm in school I can't wake up before 11 oh the irony.
I can agree with that. Did their research too. Pulling out the magnet from brave lil toaster?
The neighborhood dog that's usually heard panicking and freaking out late at night is now in #LegendaryMode for #4thOfJuly. Poor guy. :(
too bad she never tweeted me back! Ps luh the twit prof pic from my car hehe
Not being tired sucks.
Encouraging folks to wear 1920s or red carpet-style attire. But anything else you'd usually wear out wouldn't be out of place.
RT RT : And as I've told Nnamdi to his face, he's the 2nd best corner - very good but no Revis.
#McFarland to #Beauprez @ #LPR2011 - europeans are petrified of an influx of north african refugees creating "eurabia".
Goooooodmorning. Off to school.
Today is Autism Awareness Day, my son is autistic. He is sweet, kind, & caring. I want to make the world more accepting for him!
I am catching up on MASTER CLASS, SUPER SOUL SUNDAY'S, & LIFE CLASS.. I have finally found a station for me OWN. Oprah is a genius
fun seems to have vanished from drinking.
So apparently Frank Ski's Restaurant is disgusting!!
Finally had tht break down cry after the end of my relationship, now I feel ready 2 move on :-)
Soundtrack to my life while on crutches, includes "you know it's hard out here for a gimp"
Oh, no! Look on the bright side: you're employed, it's beautiful out, AND... ah, well, that's all I got.
We're out cruising the high seas on the Allure of the Seas with Royal Caribbean. We'll be back next week with Where in the World Wednesday.
It's sad that the #stopkony problem has been going on for years and people are just now finding out about it
Who does the voiceover for that commercial? Dat voice.
#LSU looks like the real deal this year
Oh oh oh it's my only offer
Listen to al music ... I really do lol help !!
My grandma always asks what I'm getting just to get it too...my guess is if she had twitter it would be all retweets and no original content
spent Saturday night with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato from Diamond Ridge. Great taste. Great time.
Never again will I watch scary documentaries when everybody is asleep. Real or not, I am a freaking baby.
Well, back to sleep.
#Madden thank u for keeping Vick off the cover. #Google Android app dog wars is #Boston #Worst Email this scumbag:
Want to go East? Say, Florida? Airfare sales have driven down prices from San Jose and San Francisco. Fly for as little as $179 RT.
reply to my tweets :(
. SS Alex Gonzalez lost for season with torn ACL. I blame and his agenda.
What a great group of posts on the hangout grid this week. Oh crap! Can you shoot over the correct rss link again?
RT : From Brittney: Clouds stick around with low 60s today, a chance for scattered showers tonight. 70s will be back Monday!
OMG I am so excited about seeing breaking dawn tonight can I geta RT I anyone feels tha same
my mommy birthday June 7th !
Come have lunch at The Drop!
yes. We got this!!
"When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character."
chillin wit my friends
clashing in black and brown
LOL! RT Mark Zuckerberg is 28 today & worth $100B. Reminds me of when I was 28 & able to purchase groceries without selling plasma.
MELO is getting his ass kicked out there and no foul calls. WTF are these REFS looking at?
The adult training portion teaches teens about nutrition,financial literacy,personal relationships and building character
how was hunger games? May see it this weekend.
your SO CUTE!
I know. I'm a little wary about the inside show/outside show thing. Are the bigger acts going to play the Congress?
we are all stuck upstairs working still anyway. No drinks, no awkward Tuesday.
Just downloaded the new comedy special. Goodbye next hour.
I didn't see it
Thanks for the follow!
It will be rocking there tomorrow. Saturday is my 40th birthday. Maybe they'll give me a W for my birthday.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I STILL HAVEN'T WENT OMG I'M DYING
Needs to stop reading WebMD.
Learn more about
I have new dates added to my site..www.ettabritt.com. Also , worldwide digital release today for #outoftheshadows. check it out..
Wild woman hair :)
I wonder how my family gone react if I bring a girl instead of a guy to thanksgiving dinner this year...
Q- how can you incentivize without getting in trouble? A- Define purpose, avoid incentivizing HHS service utilization.
really that's why ten of thousand come across everyday, at least they have balls enough to try, you inbread creeps wont
and remember everyone has an opinion like everyone has an asshole...keep your focus even with those that disagree
Born from one of the strongest woman gods ever made... Makes me unbreakable
i have a 3 hour class tonight, so there's that :(
“: maybe I should start doing that” of course you should! Must be a student of the game!
I'm warming Wishing Well...love it!
Followed, & thankss sweetheart(: More music to come <3
I'm enjoying the band here tonight.
Lol i could help!
Check this Out This Page is Happenin!!!!!!!!
Do you specify race, when talking about something completely unrelated? Fucking stop it! It's rude. ("my black friend, the asian kid" etc..)
he jumped up and head butted me
just had a flashbackk
&#39;Celebrities With Big Dicks&#39; and Other Tales from the Weird World of Wikipedia Books [The Internet]
Had a great meal at with awesome people last night. Can't wait for another Fresh Dinner!
Get ready to hear from us Cincinnati!
Cali bound and down in 4 days.
I just need for this last load to dry so I can take my ass to sleep!
Thanks, new followers, !
What a legend she was, Right...
lemme know how much I gotta throw down before I spend my money lol
also sarah palin is a fucking clown
I wanna go to the lake, I need time to myself just to think!
From Everything you set your mind on to every person that you value, to every goal you achieve all comes with Time
speaking of #dwts, son just asked abt the "large cut out" on Brooke Burke's dress, so just taught him new word: cleavage.
Harley-Davidson designed 5 motorcycles for the new Captain America movie, and one of them can be found at the Harley-Davidson Museum!
Yea its okay with me
mackin: librarians can put their labels in ebooks, publishers can work with you on that
H is funny
you have Never Ever Lied!!
It simply could not be helped.
I'm wearing two COMPLETELY different patterns..no makeup and I'm ok with it
I'm not!
:) I hope everything is going well i love you!
A bartender without "bartender ears" and "bartender eyes" wears me out
RT ": KG looked 5 years younger tonite. 28 & 14. Vintage. Bodes well for Boston vs. Miami."
God, I hate school.
I don't know how I'd survive without yogas
Haha, I always imagined he would be. There's an idiosyncratic nature there that just can't be faked
#delta. Horrible. Just barely made our flight to london.
And he couldn't gel with the team during a long-ass homestand?
"I'm wearing a baseball tee with matching shoes (:" see if I said that I said that no one would I give two shuts
Team Xtina (the voice?)
Wow! Mardi Gras was Cray Cray! I had a blast! Got a ton of beads without even having to show my boobs! #WINNING :D
Be excellent.
thanks for the 'follow'! 'Love ping pong but don't have a table at the moment
Not too many bad kings left ... At least not many the Western world would be able to recognize. :)
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks
63. If your intention is casual, make sure your date understands that.
And so common, tf! “ Bad breath is such a turn off. More so, an instant turn off.”
Whenever we would have/ask for PC4PC, hack each others profiles & put our picture in their profile, & have our top friends.
I mean, how long is this journey supposed to take?!
silly rabbit tricks are for kids
Ea game tester jobs can be found in local forums or conventions
#Tucanos Salad coming up on in the 9am hr. Spring has sprung, so we're taking your taste buds to town!
nothing last forever...
Jc is wrong. Dang boy.
A glass of your favorite Grove wine pairs so well with a friend or loved one next to the fire on a cold day. Open Daily 12-6pm. Cheers!
follow me!!!
Great hustle by Spaling.
Feb 29th #AfricanTakeOverDay ! Africans all over the country will wear their traditional wear to class. Represent!
Jenn and I felt like the portions were small and that we were getting the bottom-shelf pickings.
Sex is nice... Just keep your socks on :)
I so wish I were in on this!
Strive to work only with ethical people, but know that criminals will sometimes fool you. Move on.
Taking pictures and sharing stories on my blog!
we sure will and we will keep you posted!
aw :) I like it! That's what I'll be trying next time
#stevejohnson should be booed loudly upon his return to Baltimore, oh my...how do you miss that touchdown #Bills have found someone with RF
Who can I run to
gluten-free noms, here we come!
": This is how it goes: I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me. Simple as that."
Flattered w all the mentions, TY made my day :)
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt.Help families by donating
Water! Such an amazing thing. Nothing more enjoyable than a long shower :)
I'm actually wide awake this morning. :D
Showing my friends who is they think hes hot haha we love u jc <WeMissAustin!>
I think a day spent in bed with a good book and the windows open is definitely what's called for. :)
"skeet skeet skeet water gun" ...damn Lil' Wayne those sweet words get me every time
Great day for a Phillies game with my hubby!
that's whats up how u make it ?
Planning your Saturday night? Go to University Night !
Chilling with my love , watching the Clippers & Grizzlies game.
asshole mode today. don't get your feelings hurt.
#RHOC's Gretchen shouldn't be one of the #PussycatDolls, she should be a Pussycat Waitress while other people perform.
Thanks hun! Literally happens a week ago aswel RT : I was thinking then hun lol...change ur password asap!! X
Clouds may come, but clouds must go, and they all have a silver lining. For behind each could you know, the sun, or moon, is shining.unknown
Can I *please* have an ipad? I could check out this DL right now as I listen to this brilliant talk on digitized Quaker history
Due to the nature of video production, teachers can't work remotely. Maybe someday!
Raisin' hell in my rat rod, come home to see you sack Brady's ass bro!
Does anyone want to come in and man the grill so we can feed our customers?
Maybe I can get some sleep between working and manage to resurrect my writing this weekend.
#iAdmireJustinBecause he went through so much stuff and even though now he's a world star he doesn't forget where he came from and BELIEBERS
Pop Pop Pop goes the diesel
"Are there drugs back here?"
It's hard to explain the difference: we used an SM7 on a lot of guitars for "Awesomer," most of the new one is m201 + m88.
YES!!!! 4-1 Liverpool!!! Game, set and match! Newcastle will finish at least 5th!! WOOHOO!! :-D! Amazing season!!
All crows are guilty of murder
Cool--is that at SU?
Liverpool vs. Manchester city today at noon LIVE
did u see where Nantz didnt have us in his Final Four
Finally got to watch #Goldrush last night. Sorry, but I had to ffwrd through the segments of Dakota & even Parker. Boring!
Larry Bird is at Amway right now. 🏀
Congratulations Chris Kreider and BC on your national championship. Now get ready to chase the cup in NYC kid!
“ « Every guy gettn caugh cheatn this month its crazy:-) :-) :-)»”yeas!!
Currently Sitting Outside Eating Oreos
#DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovieTitle Friends With Benefits
Kindred spirit. Ava was a sweet old girl. We're starting now to scout out potential rescues.
Oh yeah because it's Gomez.
thanks for spreading the word - hope you can make it! :)
These block classes are killer.
#edshow HOWARD FINEMAN....What a WASTE. He SO could've been the PROPAGANDA MINISTER in ANY former COMMUNIST COUNTRY
lol they sent her home last night they ain't want her around the old folks either
Nice work Doc!
k now you're trippin
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Watch porn :*
Day 21 & Feeling Great! Do It! Do It!
Absolutely. But we did lose tonight. Still 7-2-0 on the season so... LOL
i think in english we do everything BUT learn ;)
I concede he changed how the game was marketed. Or Nike did using some of his dunks.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I always celebrate properly by having a lovely pint of Drink responsibly and have fun!
"Roll up fast and be the first one to make me pump this gas" - full service gas station attendant
well would need to change me from a #BBerry to an
I tried Sears but still can't find a HD TV I like... LOL
like it definitely
Thanks for the re-tweet!
BJ will be in town and at the gallery tonight around 9.
RT : RT : Ron Paul's tax returns are just a picture of the leprechaun that supplies him with gold.
twitter y u down?
what time you thinking?
yes!! I miss u too! I was just showing my friend Backstabbers and
OH: is going to turn into Barry, and nobody wants that.
Inception or The Rock?
and as for her vote, i guess she got over her hate and voted who she thought played better which i respect
After years of plays/screenplays, I've pretty much internalized story structure, so it's always in the bg
HTC Evo 4G your mine in a month in a half(: thanks mom!!<3
I think im gonna go take a nap and try to forget this whole day (: then il wake up..and watch a movie :D
getting ready to deliver white-cat themed art piece to Arts Factory. can't wait to see what other people made.
Oral health care: Clean your tongue using a tongue scrapper once a day.
Many thanks for the RT: LOVE your web site. We need to get a directory of us House Historians
s/o to (tell others to follow)
One of the guys in my house was eating a hot pocket and a corn dog both smothered in ranch dressing.
Dr. Agyepong and others win Entrepreneur Awards 2011 - GhanaWeb
i just chair danced to this at work. kudos, buddy!
Hahaha I love you!
How is the time Change affecting you? We have just what you need to relieve some of this stress. Stop in and see us! Open till 9! :)
Sweating the 1k #wcoop from driving back from AC lol. GL, Jason.
YAAAAAY YOU LIVE AN HOUR AWAY FROM ME!:D
this is the most inopportune time in my life for cropped shirts to be in style
why thank you! I'm trying to be 😌
Trivia Tuesday starting now! Good luck, teams.
I agree, Jordis is the winner before the season even starts
#FSEDM is thinning out the herd w/ a damn fine app. Egg pics go first...see ya :)
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe He's looking down in a smile.
Is it bad to chase a 5 hour energy shot with a nos energy drink?? I'm feeling a lil hyped up right bout now...
Jefferson County Democratic Executive Committee unanimously and without reservation endorsed President Barack Obama for reelection tonight.
What do you do with a ham steak?
If any of the #OccupyMadison crew wants to get out of the cold 4 a few there is complimentary beer at Friday @ 6!
Editing is removing any passivity. Have a point.
From - "Today is "International Women's Day." The rest of the year is "Don't Challenge the Patriarchy Day".
Full day ahead. Running the park, spin, yoga, workshop. Let's go!
#Dodgers hung tough in this game and come up with the win over the #Padres for a 3rd consecutive win. Final score 6-5 through 11 innings.
Funny how Romney's former classmates wait until just this moment to finally speak up
Day started off bad and ended pretty good. 😏😝
For great price & best quality screen printing in San Antonio & south Texas hit up
#ImWeakFor Papa John's Pizza and a super bag of skittles
my bad mama!!!! Next time, which will be soon, You and I must party for sure, I was in the dance halls learnin how 2 dagger
That feeling you get when you know is online!!! Ah, Would you please follow me?<AB
Just saw the charts. So sick man. Keep that momentum rolling.
grateful for Carl's Jr for preventing what could have been a massive hangover.
How much are #BETAWARDS TICKETS?
It appears you'll have to stand in line behind a number of remorseful mice..
nice to see client Amini Silatolu cracking your mock. Rang is missing the boat.
hey heard What happened to your makeup last week. I have some extras if you want it?
I crave the taste of that boy's tongue.
#YouWasCuteUntil You turned around I like the back of your head better
It's alright yeah I'll be fine don't worry about this heart of mine, just leave the pieces when you go
on the TurnTables!!!
One of our guests brought from his cellar. Very fun treat!
I feel so close to you right now, its embarrassing... bahaha!!!
shouldn't be. It's a curious aside. Amazing number though on his part. It shows he's human. A golfer. Like the rest
Your tweets have just the right amount of snark!
I'll be cheering for UofL to beat Florida.
nothing can be talked out when employees are given a script. thats customer service today.
sup bro ?
yes.... I still watch disney channel lol. (:
you're the very coolest. It's ok, I wouldn't feel right doing that. I will try to buy tickets on craigslist, etc., before the show.
Is that what you're having tonight? I had the chili over spaghetti.
Any indoor runs in the summer? My ankles can only take so much blacktop.
So did anyone go out and see '35 & Ticking'? What did you think?
Call in to the next rodeo tomaro ride me another rank bull
Where my grizz fans at tho?!
Then you should see the fallacy of unions--they are monopolies protected by the force of law CC:
#California spends #8600 per student and #50k on inmates...something is wrong with this picture.
"you can't archive something that hasn't happened." - the 11th Doctor
Hot girl to friend: "You feel the prickly things on the back of your neck? That's them. They don't know they're unattractive."
May I always and forever work at jobs that involve free books.
Hey! .. you will never notice. but Hi how was your day?!
Come back!!!! I'll buy you a drink.
Most people shouldn't make jokes.
Is "1" really the loneliest number?
7:30 AM and already popping some motrin... It's gonna be a great day.
The awkward moment when you go to the gas station and your neighbor is there and he looks at you like "O.o'
gaming down, while legal, by the book dispensaries nixed by council,hurting local patients. Where's the desert sun reporting?
I am in a relationship with Facebook and It's Complicated
people should really follow me i have like 39 followers seriously -_-
quiet one with a loud mind
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing?? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!
Take Nolte! Take Nolte! Okay.. first time all evening I thought Billy Crystal was funny...
If I had a gun, I'd shoot a hole into the sun, and love would burn this city down for you... -If I Had A Gun, Noel Gallagher
whose your pick to take home the green jacket this year?
I got the point. Most white women dont get what WOC has gone thru. That doesnt they should b demonized.
be safe..( i heard it was returning back to alabama-yikes if true)
Terrific - Of course; for you, always!
thanks for the follow back - you must be the ONLY con. studying planning in the whole country -
lOoKs LiKe SoMeOnE iS cReEpInG rT?
thank you! :)
Big comebacks by NYY on Sat. and LAL today. Awesome weekend to be a fan of these 2 storied, excellent franchises.
I like the Google background for today.
do tell
I'm SO impressed by right now. Six weeks post adoption, kitty tooth surgery + 3 types of meds + 1 comfort towel for $0.
From the head horse's mouth RT : We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today.He threw the ball great & looked very comfortable out there
Family and friends are the greatest gift given. Merry Christmas.
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife please follow me!
It feels like an icebox in my room! Sad. Hm..
It's amazing that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords picture at the same time.
AAVG NEWS OUT!!!!
My top is back, my pockets fat, and my diamonds clearer than HD!
romance later and breakfast I will cook.
Her rhymes are like crack, so she be(ez) in the trap, meaning the trap house.
This guy sitting next to me is talking to himself....
Kodak is sinking, I hope that son of a bitch perez goes with it. He deserves to be poor, homeless and begging for food like his workers!
welcome back. I knew you couldn't stay away forever.
singing old songs feels great. :D
Omg me too.smh
u right
Well, gee, thanks :-)
irritated does not even begin to explain my feelings right now!
What stands in the way of your dream is a blessing in disguise. When u work your way through it, u arrive at the place u most want to be.
soo with your headbands make em say i give head lol
dance time! <3
Zimmerman's took their first loan in '82 at 20%!!!
What's your favorite thing to catch another driving doing while stuck in traffic?
RT : All 3 #pcbw collaboration beers are on tap today at Penn Brewery - so if ur looking to do a comparison, we've got 'em all!
I love you a lot
I'm in need of an agent bad ! I have so much talent I don't know how to get it out to hollywood ! HELP! I need an AGENT!
happy birthday hun! love and miss you so much! ur so beautiful. will always be your #1 supporter! enjoy 2day<3 see you soon!
Lies turn to truth as you start growing who u call family changes ask khloe
I TOLD YOU SO! Hahahahaha 
Moderating the Beta Summit at the Convention Center.
Jules Verne: Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.
you too! How are ya??
I have seen your Videos on youtube, and they are amazing!! You have a true talent! dont let anyone tell you different :-)
It's officially summer! Can't wait to go to Nashville tomorrow with !
shut up Gabby you know it was for me >:D
Dad is having surgery today, please keep him in your thoughts.
not a lot man!! Spring Break is all I know!! How are things out west??
That time of the year when you think of moving to a new San Francisco neighborhood. Considering bigger hills / less space / better views…
and I missed it?! Go Bob!
In my experience, those requests are from non-technical people uninformed as to what alternates exist.
It's so hard being a grown up
If She Can't Reverse Cowgirl On The Swivel Lol
Ew I hate when girls take pictures with their saggy 5 feet long cleavage. Get a pushup bra and cover up! 🙅
that's to bac
you would never kill me bestfrienddddd
DC Block Party Permits can now be applied through DDOT, not HSEMA, and can be done through TOPS, the online permitting system
What really makes a house dope?
On our way to Rihanna then to Nikki Beach!! it's gonna be a good good nite!!
Obama should start yelling his name out like 2 chainz before every debate. Id vote for him.
"global capitalism has made 1 out of 33 people into migrant workers" #OccupyChi Peoples Summit
gotta go 2 da doctor get this knee checked out shit is killin me!
Listening to at
The design studio is ready for the Holiday Pop Up Shop! We are so excited! Hope to see you all there!
So many auditions coming up. Looking forward to the NY Figment Fest as Oberton.
Im always getting charity bags from the Alzheimer's Society through My door but they always forget to come and collect them.
I have read neither, but Low Life is only list.
You KNOW i'm gunna be there , Rodolfo!
Tell me why we always go back to the one that hurt us the most, and the one we swore we'd never go back to.
Many thanks, Ducks, for the RT.
any news on when the XL Up comes out?
Burning with my Brother!
Anna Paquin liked my True Blood inspired tee.....WHAT?? =)
You're funny looking alright, but nothing like these creatures.
Going to chill out.
Not bad at all. Who are you?
AP story circulates: "Seasoned activists critique Wall Street protests" But only lead quote "critiques" all others praise! Y the headline?!
Cellino and Barnes is no joke, kid. They get justice for people. And that's not funny. That's REAL.
Public Image Limited, Heaven, review: PiL became compelling only when John Lydon (aka the Sex Pistols' Johnny Ro..
hormone enhanced food rt ": The average bra size is now 36C. 10 years ago it was 34B"
I am gaining interest in building something similar for a (future) Windows 8.
No, thank you! 감사홈니라!
#yeahyousexybut your pussy smell like fish from the BP oil spill
