what a handsome dog
Great point by Trent Dilfer: Newly hired offensive asst Josh McDaniels will face the man he drafted while being the HC at Denver, Tim Tebow.
I love Texas. One of my favorite places to go. Ink...hmm. Where and what style?
cool dude! thanks for your support! u rock like no other :-P
Ms Davis funny Af
I would marry Harry
thanks so much! Tell all your friends please :) we need more people to vote too!
I sure wish will hurry back to ATL to paint my living room and bathroom! Geez!!
stay strong bruh bruh yo's pops is with you though he's not there physically and you better treat that woman like a queen
. Have you tried voice123.com? Make a good demo. The thing about voice over is that you can do it from anywhere!
You and me both! 3.5 days more of school...another week of paperwork, then SUMMERTIME!
It looks so cool!
#Spartacus season finally so f$#' GOOD!!!!
god I can't wait to see that, afterwards I'm driving from the theatre straight to the gym
RT : Jordan Needs To Start Making Condoms, Maybe These Niggas Will Start Wearing Them
: Please back online #poker. Licensed U.S.-based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified. Thanks.
Good night
Hey ladies! Thanks for the follow, I've always been a fan of your music :) - Tiffany
Happy May Day! Now where did I put that maypole?
How much is your PERSONAL INJURY competitor spending on TV ads this year? Let US help YOU win on Google Search with Pay-Per-Click!
I am really looking forward to seeing Robert Glasper in concert tomorrow!
We have a couple people that have been talking with us about it since the beginning. But I will keep you updated
Just absolutely tore it up at the gym... Bout to go die now! Grindin.
We wanna to thanks for been here with us.. We love all of you.. share this great with ya friends and tell them our finest tea + TEApot
"Oh my God, it's full of stars"
Come get this tasty Tangerine Haze for only $25 an eighth and $175 an OZ. That should warm your pockets and your brain up!
#111144 you look pretty :) and you wear red! :D AWESOME
And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch:
"a man" As if there is just one. In the US alone, I am one of 3 MILLION male rape survivors by the most narrow definition.
Did that for 4 years and ended up working 99% of the time that I was awake. RT protip: home office
you deep sister. i love your twits
We're at it again this Saturday! We'll be dancing the the HOTTEST DJs in the Bay until the early morning ! The fun starts at 9pm.
Impressed with Nintendo; 3DS has a pedometer. Carry it around and every 100 steps gives you a coins that you can spend in games. So smart.
2 more weeks...
the real world reunion comes on tonight at 10pm on MTV and tomorrow is the new jersey shore at 10 pm on mtv
Sheep: A group of people who lack the capacity for careful consideration, imagination, or individual thought, who follow a group blindly.
Super Power 2 torrent I love you!!
Noope I'm not I got out of that today muahahaha
Coffee is not a beverage... It's a moment of pleasure..ah
hey sis what's up.
RANDOM Random RANDOM! lol im actin wierd 2day! :B < Timmy Turner off of 'Fairly Odd Parents face
Just realized I'm rooting for the meteor in the TOR-OKC series. Hated both teams to begin with and they eliminated my babies. GO ICE CAPS.
RT if you would buy from 's shoe line!
Teacher Appreciation Prize for October is a $100 gift certificate to Amazon. Enter the raffle at classtrips.com.
Congrats #Seattle another record month for The trees and Frogs thanks you.
That's great news! Congratulations!
Monday we are at The State Fair of Texas! YEEE HAWWW can't wait!
God bless you.
I wish I could take back to Charlotte with me! Definitely stocking up on treats before the drive home tomorrow.
How come you sometimes put the link at the beginning of the tweet?
Thanks! RT : I really enjoy getting out of my office for a lunch respite #SanDiego get food, drink, ambience
"my source tells me you're a biter. To give you an idea of how good my source is, let's just say the Associated Press goes to him."
Cool. Thanks man
Bout to go in to my homie shit. WE BOUT TO MAKE HITS BRO!
'Tis the season of giving! Anyone interested in volunteering at a soup kitchen or other non profits? Let us know your interest!
No Jelena pictures, Justin unfollowed Selena on Instagram, then she deleted it. Hope justy is ok.
Hey you are awesome! Big Fan.
Cool. Enjoy.
Nice! Congrats!
I rarely say ''Justin Bieber,'' anymore. I just call him ''Justin,'' and talk about him as if he's one of my best friends or family members.
What's worse is driving past a Crematorium and hoping the good smells are coming from the burger joint next door. Gross.
Abrams, looking at a path where there are no tracks
RT : Q2) How do you educate your client on what’s possible?
haha come to Memphis in may you can drink with me lol bye the keg full
I almost saw a fight to the death at Fenway in the upper deck. Sox v. Yanks of course.
lol no liar! hey its been quite a while.... hahha
First guitar lesson tomorrow...nervous
Word! Would you mind if I it on my blog with your info???
hows the healing process going?
Thanks to Bob Wikstrom from Jerden Records for coming by my Puget Sounds class and screening his film on NW rock, radio, and Louie Louie!
Hey gorgeous how u doin? :)
Tobias G. Smollett~ Who bravely dares must sometimes risk a fall.
Lunch with the wife and trolls then off to show buyer
Hi you. Long time. Finished cross-country trip yesterday.
Off to go take my French final! Souhaitez moi bonne chance!
i know it had to effect the weight to. iad be very surprised if it didnt.we will see in a couple of weeks
lol. Thanks Simon. Let me know and I'll be glad to help :-)
#whatif we stopped feeding each others' addiction to political conflict and started making relationships with people we disagreed with?
We are the coolest cause we signed out names on the photo dark room
Rhodesian Ridgeback, Golden Retriever, or Black Lab?
You Hold The Key To My Heart♥
I have a head ache 😠😓
Trying to discuss the syntactic importance of twitter usage in relation to language evolution.
rt We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.~Stacia Tauscher
Your smile puts the city lights to shame
have a Blessed strongstart everyone. Iman forward a Humble Camp Studio now. just sharing my first tweet with the world LOL...Blessed!!
It's worth it. They always give me free swag for Sabi. He got some water enzyme today for his breaf! It's kickin lately!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! Now lets fuck shit up!
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!!
How did you get here ; Nobody's suppose to be here.. I tired that LOVE THING for the last time
Regular clouds > Super Moon
Just thinkin about what the future holds for me !
Is it me or is the world being extra annoying today?
Just got new plates for my car - SPTG KC. It's ridiculous how excited I am that this wasn't already taken...
Just woke up from a nice lil nap...ah I feel strong again.
Last night! But it's on ABC's website.
Love news alerts that announce when the announcement of an announcement will be announced
Here's to the kids who never gave up with the going got tough.
Just had some potentially great networking happen.
Woke up this morning to #Trayvon coverage on the radio that was almost too much to bear. But I got up anyway, time for a shower...
Half hour on the bike done... On to the tredmill
Heyy butt head
Now that the holiday season is over I can start thinking about seeing some live music in 2011. Any concert suggestions?
If you fart in the forest and there is none to smell it, are you wrong?.
thanks! there was no muppet dancing this time around. I was trying to be "serious" so I did impressions of my cats instead :)
The quarterlife crisis is definatley real! The 4 girls blogging @ stratejoy.com make that very apparent! Haha check it out! :)
Big storms heading our way..another big hole in the state budget..and blake Haxton speaks out for the first time..all starting at 5 on 10TV!
"You're too gorgeous to be single." & you’re too ugly to be flirting with me.
Just finished up a few tweaks on my new track! Another one finished
Got a spam email the word "Cockzilla" in it.
Can't decide what I dislike more about my coworkers- laziness or incompetence.
Alex at Prison Planet talks with Russell Blaylock, MD, a nationally recognized board-certified neurosurgeon & our author...
As cool as it going to get. Im good though.
I'm sorry for some reason I assumed Prius had clocks..
William Hutton~ The charity that hastens to proclaim its good deeds ceases to be charity and is only pride and ostentation.
Who's the probable pitchers for the Braves this weekend in Cincy?
RT : Visiting today, just launched the greenest cup - carried &
If you want some tips on starting a group, I'm happy to share. Drop me a DM with our email address.
I forget that I'm a crazy person-- With dreams and aspirations and crazy stalkers.
We're a huge fan of Retronaut too. Such great photos.
Welcome back! So glad you found me on here!
Austin, TX makes Forbes: 10 Best Cities For Weekend Vacations: onforb.es/qbsRvA Or stay awhile! SolarWinds Job Opportunities: bit.ly/iDJpL0
I can say, seriously, that I adore city college because it reminds me of soviet days+euro universities. Cheap student food, bureaucracy.
did u get it can u do it now
my dance flow my dance flow Packed like a mug My dance flow my dance flow where thugs cut the rug - ray- Dio
I'd be happy if you just wrote more. :)
Darlin wont you ease my worried mind
freaky girl!
Who ever said this was a good idea is just crazy!! Worst fashion statement ever why don't you just wear shoes what's the point!!!
3 down, 3 to go! group project, exam, and two papers left.
“: #Twins GM Terry Ryan has an interest in bringing back Matt Capps. What would be a fair price?” can he pay us?
it happens. RT “: I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..”
put away the pink ribbons... Hear! Hear! it's black and white.
We would be happy to host.
Nice tease. Now I gotta watch the news later to see if I can spot the spot ;)
Hey! Life is good I'm really happy And blessed! RT : whas good witcha? i know you're welcoming back our nice weather
#expowest was really fun and informative. We got the opportunity to learn more about
#thoughtsduringoralsex Omfg does that taste like fritos bbq chips?!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. ~Buddy Hackett
Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino myvegaspeople.com/our-services/c… via rates starting @ $55 Limited time offer book your rooms now
Those cocky bitches in Syracuse deserved to lose. Nice job Buckeyes
I just have an anxiety disorder..theres a lot of things wrong with my brain haha! whatevs tho. it give me character.
Sure thing! :)
Over 1K ppl now watching the #SAGAFTRA merger announcement live stream so far! Wowza.
Dear Paul, looking for someone to build me a purely HTML5 e-commerce site in the vein of three.js, any ideas.
last time raw was at msg security didn't let punk in cuz they had no idea who he was LOL. never happen to
Rapping to Mac Miller while Bailey is throwing a tantrum :)
Hispanics are gonna go crazy when don francisco dies
I wish we had daylight savings time everyday.
Looks like we are tracking over 500 data attributes over 14 data types.. very nice.
favorite pie flavor?!(: lmao
So Lafayette... See you soon.
lol “: keep your negative ass in the house”
The bigger the bill the harder you ball.
Yes I Do! Kind of took a little break from it but I'm getting back into it (:
If Mike WiLL Made It, then I like it 
Sending good luck your way!!!
Gaddafi blamed protests on: "drugged youths", "paid rats and agents", "Americans", "fundamentalists", and "greasy rats and cats".
dude too many ppl follow me on here to start naming names. Look around though and you'll find them!! Amazed me.
You've got a baby, that should trump all reasons. I wouldn't sweat it.
We all know that #collegerules go
i do seriously
Trying to make it in this industry is a nonstop work ethic and I'm so down for the challenge!
Which one is your home boy? Commercial just aired in NY
just because she humped your leg. One time!
Hey you! Bonjour
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that makes coming to school worth it >>>
What I wish to tell my professor, in Shakespearean fashion, with regards to my term paper: "I am not bound to please thee with my answer."
Folks well west and and north of town can expect measurable accumulations on the order of 1-3 inches.
Seriously between amendment 1 and the flyers I am like o_O
Must keep in the loop for tomorrows events
Extra Strength Gold Bond: the best decision you'll make all day.
(c) I want people to know I'm a christian, not by what I say, but by my actions. Actions Speak louder than words. (c)
Markets are up big....We think $CRWV is toppy for those who have not exited. New ideas coming up.......making money today!
. Thank you, thank you! Chag pesach sameach, to you all, too!
Those Zimmermans never stood a chance.
Good morning freezing coldness! Like where is spring ?
RT : Rappers are always like "You can't see me" but I've seen all of them all over MTV and BET like every day.
This is it , this summer is going to be MY summer , time to succeed with what I most want in my life !
Duke is OUT in second round!!!!!!! Who hooooo!!
Knock Knock, Who dare? Deez, Nuts In Your Face.
lol your spanish is terrible
Energy? Talk Boxers... Not a word! But energy's required! Border Collies? love labs, extroverts love German Sheps!
great chatting with you last night! Good luck with the kitchen.
LIKE LIKE LIKE! Try that link again: www.facebook/MeghanYoga
writing a #competitive analysis for a #nwindiana client quote fueled by #Journey, #Starbucks & of course, good #research methodology!
yes.. L-O-V-E! Then there are the triple-doubles!
thank you!
good you??
Excitedly waiting to see Rachel at her DC book-signing!!
Back to school Life!!! Enjoyed my time off...
happy post turkey, everyone!
Walker Rebate Wednesday on a beautiful day! Walk, ride your bike or take the bus to VIA today, and get 20% off your bill!
82% of official watch party thinks Romney will be the GOP candidate
“Yes! Heal up! RT : Long day. Surgery went well now it's time to get back 100%.
hey we'd love to be part of this, what's a contact email we can reach you at?
Hahahahahaha! True. The internet IS dirty. RT : Why doesn't Wikipedia want us to use SOAP anymore. The internet is dirty.
Your come from the dentist with your teeth lookin all good & shit but then your stomach starts growling cause your hungry af <<<< man -__-
oh em gee what does it say? stay...?
i bet you won't! haha
Are you at home most days these days? Receiving visitors?
sweet! thanks, ginny!
"Dollar and a Dream" is my heart on a disc. I have been preparing for it for almost 3 decades. Support the dream and buy a copy
LOL emily damn backpacks! its just not worth the pain! giant bags FTW
I forget her name but she was the one accused of stalking her by a few people on twitter and she told them to piss off.
Spending peaceful day at home writing my heart out, my thoughts are flowing. It's like God is whispering in my ear. My thoughts r beyond me
Steak always sounds good!
Rough week for the #Rays... Tough competition having to play the Yanks, and O's on the road, in consecutive series.
Mailed my COBRA check... y'ouch...! (two month's worth in arrears...!)
I certainly would wear this. It's a fantastic rain-shield, too
More Classics from Arcania coming up !
#show is finding way to refine the process n link ar sites together Magic Mike the host is going to that movie character a run for it cash
wow! So cool! What a blessing it is to do things God's way :)
I'm really in the mood to watch a good soccer game... Help a girl out?
I read that a few years back. Fascinating read, & shows much more about her than any biography.
idk something on your mind? Maybe you didn't finish your hw!!
I had nothing to look forward to tomorrow, then I realized is going to be on 106 and park tomorrow...my day has been made, already!
Someone please tell me what channel ABDC comes in UK!!!!!!!
Sometimes u just have to break the rules for fun :)
I  you too girl. RT : I love youu ❤
6th grade me: i will never smoke weed in my life 12th grade me: bruh
Well we would have stayed awake if your class wasn't a bunch of brats on the trip
I am not joking when I say that I have become a Nebraska Fan. Today's events are just embarrassing.
Good morning! If you're in the Vegas area, how did your dogs do with the thunder and lightning last night?
OH: "Because let's face it, hunting criminals is always in season."
I hate fb because everytime i get online on an actual computer its always the same ppl online to chat. Don't wanna talk to you. lol
diggin' the record, man.
Stay Focused even you get derailed. Just get back on Track and reach your Destination. me, Edgar Ribon just now...
When you need to call back and CONTINUE your voicemail on a 2nd message...you've talked too much. Get to the point already.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
omfg you're too freaking funni. Stop.
in the process of moving, so most of my time is spent at work or packing
everyone has like edited photos and shit on twitter, my just a picture of me...
One Minnesota team down, one to go. Good job Bucky.
lol I will so make it on my bucket list -- but we all have to do really fun things
As you fall asleep tonight, dream in boldness and wake up with a can-do attitude
olive garden with the " partial " family <3 #yumfood .
Sugar Ray just came on in the gym. Remember when we used to buy cds? I don't.
is the only surviving one left. everyone else left sick. today I learned about imjin waeran.
Who is going to be our number 200? (again?)
Just saw Cowboys & Aliens. Good Flick. Way deep. A friend noted that Firefly/Serenity was essentially cowboys ( & gals) in space.
I need The Fault in Our Stars.
Tumblr is down or something? Oh noes.
: yeah, me too
The Heat are pretty good though.
Thank goodness justins performance was ah-Mazing he looked so fucking gorgeous & his performance was great!!!<3
Line-cutters are the worst
Put the whip down and back away. Self flogging should be reserved for, well, characters in a Dan Brown novel. lol
Michael Jackson died.
Just followes a bunch of people from twitter who followed me on INSTAGRAM! Thanks :)sstevenson503 on INSTAGRAM for those who want to follow!
Closing at 1pm: Boscobel, Fennimore, Highland, Iowa-Grant, Lancaster & River Ridge Schools. Closing at 2pm: Columbus Schools
I liked it! Amazing sets. You will love all the references to the TV show. And watch the crowd coming to the party...
that should be a tshirt
Shout out to for putting they Purple Patna in rotation
rather old smoked salmon, raisin bran, and strawberry yogurt - go!
Hopefully not here though! #whatmymomdoes RT : In the UK, the art of court reporting faces its final sentence...
People say its wrong to be #Sprung but its not wrong if you both love each other the same way and they ain't dwagin you like you ain't shit.
UPDATED: CL&P still working to restore power in Uncasville
There is a latent disagreement between Vest and Gutmann re: funding pressures -- will it be made explicit?
so is mine so you two are safe...
Called to cancel and Geico offered to credit me $900 if I stayed. I thought they were dumb. Now I'm realizing they're brilliant.
#ThisChristmas is gonna be the best.
Living near a synagogue with only on-street parking is great: on Saturdays I get to avoid the gym by carrying groceries three blocks uphill.
Yep my baby brother is 18?!?! Ah!!!! HAPPY BIRFFFDAYYYYYY!!!! Xoxoxoxo!!! Love you!!!
I counted said it 100 times RT : Count on how any times has said "Cavs' ball!" this game: 3.
Is anyone else out there using Memberfuse for their association's community platform?
5 second violation - Tech ball
We have the first streets clue! The street is named after one of the five boroughs.
I should go to Bees tonight..
Trevor Jude Smith: Ruining good times since before he was born.
when ii woke up this morning - ii forgot to give a fck
Hello all you Farmer's out there, stop on by tomorrow for any two top shelf grams for a $30 donation. Goodnight.
RT : ... Well.. At least there is college hockey! Come down to tonight for free superfan tees!
almost to pennsylvania! Wweee
Uh oh. A Walk to Remember just came on abc family. I think I'll have to watch it. #favoritemovie 💗
Even in this early stage, I still like it more than the Gmail app. Not a hard thing to accomplish but still...
my phones almost dead already :(
why thank you :)
wait what?
if you had 24 hours with me , what should we do ?
Kel does. He really really really really do-oes.
See you all in Ft. Lauderdale!
Really sorry, events have been canceled for this weekend. Too many legal issues! Hopefully new stuff in the near future!
Keep talking shit slut u and your 57 followers,U don't know shit about anything.Make your time useful suck a dick
yum I miss in and out burger all the time
Time wins Magazine of the Year
Meryl Streep is the best!!!
His story is that he is officially retired.
But will there be glow-in-the-dark insanity? RT The Oscars are just the Mom Slam Dunk Contest.
I'll be at Inkwood Books, 216 S Armenia, Tampa, Monday evening. Reading's at 6, reception/celebration of MAGPIES Fla Bk Award at 5:30.
Hello world! This is Joe Stanfa.
Spending my day trying to climb my way out of a pile of mail and school papers.
It's PERSONALIZED JERSEY FRIDAY!! :) Yepp you can register to win a PERSONALIZED Ryan Braun jersey! Just stop in today before 5pm!
#MentionYourCrush ______ yeah, that's her name!
Hey janimal! I'm gonna text you at midnight tonite
Distance learning models w/u of mn presenters.
The ball lied
OT is a big need for the Lions and riff was supposed to go 20 spots higher.
I love Peter Hernandez!! :) RT if you knew that was Bruno Mars real name :)
RT : A few spaces left in the Digital Audio and Digital Preservation Workshop on Friday
So Why The Fuck You Acting Like Your Country?
Love you BFF!!
So Colston decides to play football after my FF season is over.
It would have to be Thursday
say what
As moderator id like to make a rule change RT : No..Ugh RT do u get pts for having kane in otl preshow?"
GoPicnic featured in Everyday with in July/Aug issue - can't wait! Thx
RT RT Authentic leaders don't force compliance, they earn commitment.
what you are a strange boy.
Next panel: John Kneuer, Jim Kohlenberger, Election Year Debate: Alternative Visions for 2012 and Beyond.
New rule: no priority for Scarlet unless you are here - Jim
Have a Product Launch? will provide the exposure you need! We produce speciality events to cater to your needs DM us for info
Smiles from the whole panel when working with data and mobile providers was mentioned.
You offer #FREEBEER but when you ask someone what kind of #beer they like and they say #BudLight how the hell do you respond to that?
Watch “Basketball Wives” Season 4 Episode 1 (Season Premiere)
we have table now, ordering drinks. Please join us!
Omw to school
Nice!RT : too real for these niggas I fucks wit her
SFR is participating in Service Day today! We're reading to children at Jumpstart =)
don't be a hater
bro what's good
#ihateitwhen people make me feel dependent
thanks James! We're excited about it as well
Wish i was tall enough
Girl ask kid "Whats Love?" Kid: "Love Is When A Puppy Licks Your Face" I laughed but then he said: "Even After U Left Him Alone All Day".
come on man. That was so 47 seconds ago. :)
Great interview ! Thank you for sharing your passion.
i love that you posted this, , and i love that you retweeted this, i agree on both!
can't believe you cut your long hair!!
Attorney for Frank Jude tells us today he's troubled by the video of a police officer hitting a drunk driver on the head.
wait what?
Only 14 performances left of "Curse Of The Starving Class" at The Open Fist in Hollywood. Fri/Sat 8pm, Sun 2pm. Backstage "Critic's Pick!"
o ok that's wassup lucky u lol
are you on 10.10? have you used UbuntoOne?
Stop by Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for some great Breakfast fare!!!
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
can't forget them lol
NASI Board Chair introducing Dr. Westen for keynote on "Messaging #socialinsurance: Reframing the debate,"
Breaking news: single man responsible for all the evil in the world has been killed. All of world's problems now solved. Return to work.
Thanks for coming out to on Tuesday night to sing and hang with me and !
Yo we hope so, bring the team RT :If im in Richmond next weekend I def want to be at the mansion. :) miss y'all!!!
Justin Nozuka + political science papers + patience = one more month left.
Stinking snow is keeping me at home :( No Hawkey today. Come on boys, beat some Tri-City butt for me, I'll be watching on the internet
Going to bed early today: ain't feeling good
yeah... bout to change my password
Blackout Kim.
do I know you?
moon boots. Kid cudi man on the moon
Any working parents who need something educational for their children to do during the summer...check out LELC's "Summer Day Camp"
Theirs to many but my favorite was, when you guys were headed to the club, and Snook's was driveing i was like OMG! is this legal
One Month Today!(:
Nah we bussed.
Mission Valley U-T RT : Hello friends. I'm trying to demonstrate the power and reach of Twitter. Will you please respond and say
Nah i can't remember. But i think it was a blue ray disc lol can't remember
that depends on the construction material
noo just that one time (:
Borgman: Beware of Chris Anderson theory that now we have data, we don't need theory.
Need catering? We cater events of up to 1,000 people! 10 percent off for new customer orders. Call today! 614-891-ACME.
People who talk really slow<<<<
Off to my second class. Another presentation on the proper use of punctuation.
Wow! Where do you get this shit?RT Orioles SS Cal Ripken Jr never missed a game in 16 years. He played in 2632 consec games.
I'm watching Harry Potter right now... it's been a while :O
Thanks! Starting Dead End tomorrow. It is on my sofa table waiting:)
Dear Americans: Remember why you voted D in '08? Nothing has changed. If you vote R, you'll get disaster again. Just sayin' ...
Your welcome I can't respond to your DM if your not following me.
last night was. So much fun so many drunks people people on drugs. people. Hitting on me
I'm on my fuck that bitch shit ,
Eating pumpkin bread and watching HOA with in it? Great Monday night :)
#OccupyWallSt solidarity from Madison #wiunion, folks!
#FF Thanks for the shout out! Happy Friday.
this market has a huge shortage in people who can do industrial/commercial HVAC
"truth is a liquid not a solid" Jeannette Walls
I would never yell at you
Baltimore has been amazing so far cigs,suds,friends what else could you ask for.
Watching bridesmaids ! LOVE this movie :)
I'm too old to watch Bieber, I feel dirty.
LOL because I just shouted myself out...Opps
The international arrivals area of any major airport gets me every time.
FINE. I'll shut up.
It's chili time! We are down in the Keys at the Florida State Chili Cook-off. Yee haw! See ya on the dance floor!
Aint got a text from her Bside .........
Congrats to you! Started it this week but the ambien gets in the way! Thanks for e-readers to start again. :)
Which one is you?
I'm loving it. Doing groovy and grails using Intelli J as my IDE.
hahaha thats what happens when u stay at ben davis to long!! lmao
Leftover #SuperBowl cupcakes are finally gone! Now back to the healthy wagon and #workouttime!!
Tons of #NHL #Playoff react here- WWW.ussportspages.com
merry christmas everyone
Awesome! That was so funny and you look great! Very insightful. Have fun this weekend!
Happy Hump day #Farragut! PIERRE is heading your way today! Stay hungry my friends!
Thanks. I will grab a copy from amazon.
I miss christopher
ah who cares gat a transfer!! Alot of students have trasfers plz! We miss u!
Dear Twitter. Can I change my profile pic?
Good for Jeff. Hope he stays healthy and has been doing his exercises.
I think I need to have more dinner partys just for the #tablescapes to many ideas!
y'all better #swang tonight!
The only reason that I enjoy going to Wal Mart is that I can go to the electronics and take the Nickelback CDs and secretly hide them all.
Like Obama.I would support safe domestic drilling as a means 2 a end,with a goal of moving completely 2 Alt srces.
Wow. Great story on Junior Seau in the last few tweets from
It is still a very pretty day. New snow. MCTS MKE.
Watched Hall of Fame game last night, weird seeing T.O. in a Bengals uni...
whoa! "continuation feature" Sad to think how innovative simply continuing your existing game was back then. Loved Contra though
Today is my last full day here in #panamacity off to zip line in the rain forest and check out the
re: Hunger Games - they left some pretty pivotal plot stuff out, but the cast did an excellent job & it was very enjoyable.
Great! So u have steriographic hi fi?
Hey, is that a race joke?
yeah see I got my back up on this
Thank you! I am really looking forward to it!
After watching "Never Say Never" I must say...I have soo much respect for :)
That tripel Belgium is the same kind I brew.
How is your trip going? We had a great time on our little San Fran tour last fall.
No 3g if you can connect thru phone, otherwise yes. I can't and use 3g on iPad all the time.
I love when people you hate for no reason give you a reason to hate them.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Yup. Mainly because you haven't realized yet then when you pose for a picture, you have to be still.
get the fuck off my TL with that. Go
your commercial played while I was watching TV on Hulu!
I've been sleeping so poorly that I feel like I might be dying. This is not the jet ski gun fight with bank robbers I thought would end me.
Getting an iphone....oh my god.<3
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad When she sees a white girl with a black guy!
mOney oN MY mInd Im sEeinG dollaR siGns so onCe i toUch dOwn kAnt wasTe no time #FULLTIMEGRIND !!!
Become a Political Advertising Intern w/ Google & cover the presidential campaign this summer/fall. Apply on AUCareerWeb today.
Happy Friday DC! Stop by LiLLiES in Woodley Park for our sandwich and side salad $7 Lunch Special!
nice to meet you too :)
Sidenote: FB's collating related updates suggests that I want to know about Easter more than I want to know what individuals are doing. Dumb
PARTY FOUL WAS MADD FUN!!! - THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT!! - CHEERS!!
Between viral meningitis, flu/pneumonia & heart conditions, we're keeping the hospitals in business! cc:
I need to get the second book too! Once the semester starts having a book club on the side is going to get crazy.
RT : cain status official: "Piers Morgan Tonight: GOP front-runner Herman Cain for the hour-Tonight at 9pm"
I know plus he said great things about the city even after e left
are ratings down? I smell HYPE.
I am a WORLD guy... So, I might as well just be EVERYWHERE in the WORLD, right?
There is nothing like waking up with God and communing with Him
You come highly recommended!
meiss my balls are on the floor.
I swear if they get back together i'm going to shoot myself......
i didnt know steve kerr returned to the NBA oh thats kyle korver my b'
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (4nh-ke)
thanks Sarah
I don't understand. Is the UFC part dance competition now?.
My friend Edward said he will come to my party,but only if it's a bikini party. Good thing I have a pool.
i feel ya, try to keep your head up and keep cool and calm, I know sometimes it can be hard but it's good natural medicine!
Happy Happy Birthday !
Niggas that be in Drama "Bitch Made Ass Niggas" All on Twitter and Face Book Arguing Leave that for the Females if Anything....
Not sure. You heading to DC anytime soon?
At the same damn time
nigglets try to get me a souviener on sat please since i wont be able to make it?:[ ~
I am! RT : Don't let anyone tell u your years of sacrifice to fix our city hasn't reaped dividends. San Diegans should be proud.
Sometimes I feel bad for hoes bc they get trashed on Twitter too much....but they do it to themselves Fuck em
as long as you don't stop saying 'cheers' to people as a 'thank you', it balances out.
Why does it gotta be like this?
T-mobile ad: "festival of 4G" or "Festival of Orgy" (complete with leering, pink eyebrowed elf)
is still broadcasting :) - working on some intern applications this week and some scholarship stuff. hoping to b done nxt spring
Poor kid. I'd be fussy too if my entertainment was fucking bible stories. Brainwashed little shit.
I had to unfollow her ass and her spam ass account
Wish I didn't have practice tonight :/ uggghhh
:) PS when are we having brunch and your actually showing up? #calledout cc
RT : UNION CAB in Madison gives free rides to the polls today. 608-242-2000. Let others know!
There's alot of talk about change, but very little is usually accomplished. Change has to start at the top, and it has to mean something.
*grins* hope some of your students thank you today for all you do to help them write and think well!
Charlotte in the morning!!
Day 42 of 100: I am thankful for great memories.
RT : #ff Cool videos for learning to sing, go to see the advices of those teachers >
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC. FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS! STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT! ENTER FREE VALENTINES DRAWING! CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY XOXO
Wishing I could teleport to Indy. Three hours in the car seems like torture right now.
thanks for the follow - looking forward to following your tweets!!
I agree with all the clichéd writing tips except the one about avoiding adverbs. I don't get that.
FUCK BITCHES, GET TICKETS!
"Take that fannypack off. you look like a carnie"
Check out my
Kinda leaning towards sleep > bitches but the fact that I'm working all day tomorrow makes me feel like I should go out. UGH.
Check out Trinity's Local Community Magazine...www.ItsYourHomeTrinity.com.
essentially it is probably a way that your employer wants to track your progress. some do it by asking employees to outline
Happy #MothersDay to my caring, wise, funny, generous mom - thank you for all of your love & support, I love you!
“: On twitter instead of sleeping...#YOLO” this is me everyday tho
We give our children two things. One is roots, and the other is wings.
have a wonderful day=] #miss you
So rocked after the marathon that was #timelapse -but so validated!! Seeing the work send my clients into a (good) tizzy was worth it all :)
Thx for art love this week!
COM's longtime softball team 'Outnumbered' is in the championship tonight! Hoping to bring one home to 640 Comm Ave!
#mythoughtsatschool alright how can i take a nap in this class and still make it look like I'm paying attention...
The best thing about living in the country is...... Waking up and finding a snapping turtle the size of a dog in your yard
it's offset by crappy Russian goalie
Don't miss Washington office update! Happening now DCC C146.
How close was vote?
RT : Get rid of ppl who are bad 4 u.. Its not being heartless its jus using ur heart... LESS
Happy Mother's Day everyone from all of us here at GalTime! We hope you have an amazing day!
Hardship tends to unify. -Colin Farrell
i should write a book about all the weird prospective #roommates i have found on
Also sat by ?uestlove and Fab Five Freddy, since last night; YES!
Just finished filming with my story Austin! Hope you can see it soon!
Happy National High Five Day! Here's a high five from Yext!
Goodluck with househunting. I wanted to shoot my foot after seeing 4. It's a daunting task.
The Full Obituary from Whitney Houston’s Funeral
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
thanks for the favoriting.
are they really remaking teen wolf?
not that I have a dog in this fight
The people in my creative writing class said that the only thing wrong with my story was that they didn't want it to end ;D
Basketball is a game of runs. It's how long your runs are and how quickly you can stop your opponent's runs.
No...I do not have an iPhone and I'm still breathing and in touch with the modern world. Look mom, no polka dots! Lol.
I went shopping with mom, and made cake pops with niece today. The holidays = quality time with the fam. Love it. Happy Thanksgiving!
i dont know i just hope she'll let me meet her .
Benefit goers of the American #Songbook Project "Name that Tune" find it fun! bit.ly/tm1hvM fb.me/18pfGic73
How do you read about historical debates over imperialism and immigration and not ask what people think of them,
But Can i Get a Dance..maybe a little lovin..
you forgot to say don"t lie now you will never know the truth
I'm trying to get a casa Bonita date going with Rojas, 3 way?
- Great selection this morning ..
Carol Maso's gorgeous Mother & Child begins w/ bats streaming from a tree & mother aiding daughter in a dreamlike transformation.
wassup wit my guy everything good
commercials on pandora<<<<
Transportation From Fort Lauderdale to Miami Beach for $65. In a lincoln towncar for 3 passangers
man I wish we could of linked up when I was in LA we could of def terrorized that city haha
Always!! Might just be a drive down and instantly come right back!?
Will you wish your fellow Paladin & friend of mine happy b-day tonight at your show? She graduates FU next week!
Just watched a duck protecting her ducklings from an eagle attack. Maggie's comment: I don't like eagles so much anymore.
When you reread a classic, you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before. - Clifton Fadiman
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
We must be careful with new technology. I see too many teams moving towards mobile solutions without proper analysis. Cart before the horse!
RT : UC San Diego #breast #cancer expert Dr. Barbara Parker takes questions at our ’ Power Party booth Sunday...
I am in a New York state of mind right now. GO
re: tuition. I'm finding that not a lot of lib students researched tuition ranges before signing up for their programs.
Being single: people trying to cure you of a sickness you didn't realize you have.
i love best friend lesbian time. . .2 vaginas one dildo
My phones screen went out again.
#123 every iconiac has a chance to meet the boyz just don't give up don't never say never remember that word!! IB: MIKEY
Isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
Some intense UK battling as England narrowly edges Scotland 12-7.
Okay i followed u
Just abit tired lol, im gonna head off to bed :) Goodnight<3
lol sounds like how i was doing my mom a sec ago :)
thx for the mentions!
Haha! I love that you're pretty much always available!
Any update on Bad Dog?
Do you know a #nonprofit who could benefit from DonorPro's technology? Refer them & earn a donation to your organization...
Just don't let it be me!!
Kenny! You changed your "from". Noideaifthatmatters.
if you're not already, follow for fascinating twitter journalism
"Well I don't know if it is the finest museum in the world, but it is certainly NOT number 2" - Debra Dean quoting a worker at Hermitage
jc I love you and I know the money wasn't for you people shouldn't have done what they did .. Hope you are alright !!
I told gotti too come too the party , but he had too do a show. LOL
Mobile Adventurer Endorses The Ride! Big Time!
#kyderby, #kyoaks fans, May the 4th be with you!
And Jesus can drive and operate the hose!
this is grounds for dismissal!!!
After sitting there, it's going to be hard to go to a game and sit anywhere else.
thanks girl!
A study says you can solve problems more efficiently with a beer or two. I'm going to test this with some St. Arnolds and Starcraft
My Mom is in full on packing mode. We're all ready for this trip to start. It's gonna feel weird leaving in the afternoon for once
Trying to read Paradise Plundered and think but my ears are being subjected to TRIUMPHANT music because someone is getting married across me
hey its all part of my process !
lol... that's the most ming-blowingly cynically true thing i've heard all day.
Sync your Twitter and your Kuento profile and any tweet tagged #kuento will show up in your profile! Oh Ah (applause)!
excellent. Let me know when you're back and free :-)
Lol it's almost like in our minds it's the superior race to not refer to white people. I wonder if blacks think the same,ya know?
However, J has had 8 consecutive days w/out tantrums at home n at school until this morning
congrats anthony! what's your new title?
I wish i wasn't single.:( </3
you ARE inspirational
<-Loves when the date has all ones! 10/11/11
I hate when liars do their thing. Which is Lie
Shit the terminal says when it truncates "competitive_analysis" at just the right spot.
Glad you liked it, there's some interesting stuff in there...
that makes two of us
Movin slow off the syrup like a sick snail
Yooo! You're a hard working dude! I respect that!
Ew. I just heard my mom fangirling over Shades of Gray or whatever. EW
together could never be close enough for me to feel like I'm close enough to you.
he was at UNC. maybe just another form of pandering?
THAT is pretty cool!!!!Actually it's the coolest thing I've seen in my social media career so far. You are
see you tomorrow for a post-work cocktail hh?
Why is it so cold??
That is true. Super annoying.
Miley Can You Accept My Skype Request and Follow Me
We are proud to partner with you! #Hesselbein Ambassador
I can't tell you why I feel the way I do.
you change boyfriends more than you take showers..
when u have 4 minutes to get to the bus and your essay finally prints
bo the colts will be back
NOW RobertShiller speaks at #Princeton ThinkingAloud series abt new book FINANCE & THE NEW SOCIETY & more
YOU'LL JINX IT!
your cute c;
I can't wait to see Dean Ambrose debut!
Good call. RT So 80% of Pinterest users are female. I'm sure men will go there soon because of that :)
I'm sure. We should start a new hashtag. #thingsidontwanttoknow LOL!!
you should fill in the combined weight of both dumbbells- if you're doing 35's, enter 70. We'll soon clarify this in the UI.
Tell me what to order today. I'm like putty in your hands!
I can't wait for to release "Ruby"!
Thanks for the follow Steve. Let us know if we can help.
About how many hours is the internship?
Pick-Up line: Have you seen my enormous jar of "Penis Reducing Cream"?
Idnt even know !
...As a guide and mentor, it is my goal to help students take an active role in the learning process.” – Nancy Goldfarb #IUPUI English Dept
WE PROTECT SELENA
#Disneysongs_stuck in my head
everythings good sis just taking it easy
Gotta head out a bit early, sorry...working on some stuff at the moment gotta finish so I can be organized
But I have a color class today,,, yay!.
I would never let anyone else call me that. Lori.
hugs. As someone who also almost went that route...I understand.
Happy #SundayFunday from the !
Yay, it's our Chicken Fried Steak, a Texas classic #SXSW!
Waiting for Contraband to start.
this girl right her... Is the most amazing Best Friend a girl like me could ever ask for<3 love u (:
Might be time for my hair to change...It's hard to code with a cold head.
OF Course who wouldn't attach to Beauty Power and Talent! Stay Strong Sistah!
I told you, I just like the song. :3
haha and what would the lifeboats be for?
Headed to Boston! 
just finished the "i dont like" vid shoot w/ and #fb #leisurestylist ;)
": no cappuccino today?? :))) lol" no lol just Orange Juice lol feeling a little under the weather
what's up?
I think I'd rather be dead than listening to mrs caldwell. just sayin.
In the mood to tag. :/
Sometimes, when I'm feeling low, I go swimming in my book vault, like McDuck did with his coins. It's refreshing. Try it.
A true fan of isnt about whos got the most posters, who knows everything bout them its about who sticks with them throught.
WE WANT AN 8-HOUR #CICLAVIA! RT IF YOU WANT IT!!!!
We are just about fully booked for the rest of 2012! Contact us now if you have an inclination to work with us...
idk what that us but ok I I'll go because it's you lol.
hope you guys are all having fun over there. From the looks of the pics, you certainly are! Take care guys!
Haha I feel ya guys. I gave up alcohol, sugar, and anything fried the 1st of this month.
I hear ya! I pulled off 3 websites in 3 days... pretty intense even for me. Overdrive? More like warpdrive! :]
Grandpa Pervis should get his own show - Nothing like watching an old man get his diaper changed
Grace Period is a non profit aimed at helping teenage boys and girls in the urban areas of Washington, DC & Kingston, Jamaica.
McBain changed the paternity of the baby simply by gazing soulfully into Sam's eyes. :-)
And we love you back!
Oh God, Father, Son, and Spirit God, Thank you for showing the way in your law and your Sabbath.
agree. only detroit is the team i can think of for years that are consistant. look at the cards in baseball last year.
so nice to meet you too and put a face and voice to the name :)
Like a Laser?... Really?...Three letters..."J.O.B.S" Hoping for a change in the unemployment rate, looks hopeless. Nice work Ace.
To move the needle, Need to start local, but also link to broader issue/context #socioecological model
Dear we are out of toilet paper. Sad that this is the best way of letting you know.
Family Day Trip? Come to Scottsville! We are located right next to Dorrier Park & we have Four Kids Fudge - oh, man, you all will LOVE it!
" Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life." - John F. Kennedy
so on the last episode of #QViva spoke spanish a lot...and she sounded GREAT!!!! #LookAtYouGirl !!
Gotta run your credit just to bring my name up
: Join OpenAustin at City Hall tomorrow at 5:45pm for Austin Chronicle photo shoot...retweet from Facebook blast.
Refuse to Choose - Barbara Sher!!! The Renaissance Soul -- Margaret Lobenstine!!! Both are life-changing!
I hate wen nigga try to
The secret to being right, is to be willing to be wrong & understanding wrong is never fatal.
ha ha ha.
I think i ate 2 much...
I love sleeping cause you forget things for a while
Lol, your right my team blows.
God hate those who hate his creations....ergo god hates haters:-)
That is great! Which products do you use? For a dog or cat?
The final presentation is by Brady Earnhart about UMWBlogs and Intro to Creative writing
After tomorrow I can finally relax and enjoy Christmas time!!
looking forward to the
You fucking played like you expected them to roll over and die after we got a one goal lead.
On my way to Santa Cruz. :) So excited.
Hi, Mickey. Not happy with the FAMU headlines today.
what's good man ;)
I'm so fucking hungry but there's nothing to eat.
I dislike Christina on Greys anatomy
rain and a gloomy day =( #thingsweallhate! Good thing there's Starbucks!!
Starving to death at my house. Day 3 of no food :(
"shake my head" :p
Just like another #friend "in his career he has 4 HRs on the last Monday of April when it's not raining and the temp is +52 degrees"
I wonder how many deaths took place during the Born This Way Ball in South Korea. Gaga comes out, you get excited and vomit, you go limp.
Twitterverse: Does anyone know the origins of the currently ubiquitous "space" language for startups? (e.g. the payments space, taco space)
#gslisui class '09: web services coordinator
A weakness: antique jewelry
blue checkered shirt, black skirt, glasses, sitting on steps of production/sound booth.
Are you a CTE teacher that would like to write for our Teachers' Lounge? Let us know!
Stiff opposition expected to casketless funeral plan
'Member thirsty boy from the set we worked on? Y he gon' text me 2 say his bro opening up 4 Ray J... What?! Lmao. Smh...
I feel like our school is going to be like 8 mile and is eminem
Need service, repair or upgrades for your computer? Bring it over to us in theVCB and our certified technician will help you out!
what's that spell?????
man you are making me jealous! Did you go catch some Spring Training baseball down there yet?
Are brains have been updated
dude idk but I want so bad!!!!!!
How does any person think shit like that is ok? If you want to do your own thing then cool but don't play with someone else's feelings too.
I love this song
hush up lil girl
I would be more than happy to, but cannot DM you because you are not following me.
I'd do you
I wish, is the only legit brogrammer at retargeter
#ItAmazesMeThat: Many small business still don't have a website, or even realize the return for being online?! Call today and we can help!
Awww RT : It's pouring! Come inside. We have a bucket for your umbrellas and another for your tears.
Thank you for the compliments! I'm glad you like it. I wish I had more time to post. I have a lot of advice
HELL NO IM NOT!!!! FUCK U!!! STUPIED BITCH
lmfao probably not even then. I want blonde hairr help me
Today's the day! Watch our BRAND NEW SHOW on at 9pm EST where kids and celebrities talk about the importance of failing
i get out at 10 so im bout go get my money then go cause i left it at home so i will go home for a minute
Respectfully disagree - I think of craft as the medium, and art as the message.
Why do I keep waking up at 5 a.m?! -_-
I didn't get an "I voted" sticker. What the heck?!?
It&#39;s Way Too Easy to Become an Expert Witness in Forensics
I actually have another commercial audition tomorrow.This is crazy, but true. My agents are still working, even tomorrow.Next week we play:)
thanks Russell! We are working on a mobile version...hopefully it will be ready by June :).
exciting! Ace, Zelly, O.J. and I can't wait to hear!
I LOVE this stuff. Thx
Thanks for your interest. We have every intention of expanding so hopefully we will be in Italy before too long!
this song Dreamcatcher may be the best DBs recording yet...
Come to Burro Bar tonight! Farewell Fighter is amazing! $5!
please follow me Sarah!!! #ILoveYou (: <33
those are sick!
very EPIC!!! I CANT WAIT TO SEE U!!! HEY CAN U TALK?
you too <3
Surprised that Greinke is back for the 6th...
Woo! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER LOUNGE
that would be great. A #6. I eat from 11-11:30.
Encouraging residents to pay their HOA dues can prove to be a challenge. Here are a few tips, which are proven to assist your association i
That's so yesterday.
": Don't be upset and caught up in something you cannot change. Instead move on and smile. You deserve to be happy."
FEEL BETTER TIP: Simply stay present. Don't fight it. Gently bring your focus on things that feel good.
Swimming tomorrow I get to see my hoes!:D
hmm, hard to decide what "natural" means. Also, the Farallon Islands are technically part of #SF too.
Tejas Bar & Grill. Walking. Pan-seared salmon was delish. Service so-so, but food is great.
May you rest in peace Sen. Robert C. Byrd. Thank you for your outstanding service to our beloved state of West Virginia.
Sorry for the spam, folks. Took care of the problem.
#LoveYouMom Brunch Time! Second: soccer is the hottest sport a man can play, period.
Loves Employee Appreciation Week. Free food, games, and jeans!
So pissed off about my phone like I just wanna throw it away
Good Idea!!
just got an IPad 2 for Christmas, and the IPad 3 is already out. wtf
i wanna shout out thoo !(:
t.k.m. i no se komo dcirlo ok no
great job tonight! Proud to be a loyola grad.
He knocks me out of his way to watch Dragon ball Z
you on my dick but i'm ard.
“ that's wassup! Tryna be like me”
What do you get your mom for mother's day?
Never been sleep bro..but peace...LOL! “: u can chill fo now, & get a few mo z..”
thanks for coming out Luke!
ps you only said I couldn't put them on Facebook so...
Les Paul is from the same county as I am!
Click on view the agenda, select Item C-3 on the left hand side and download the powerpoint. Just like you're in the meeting!
Just like u... I get lonely too
is driving me to work wearing green elf contacts!
Wow, very cool!
what magazine is that from?
Monique-Burr Pro Am Tournament, excellent event, important cause. Did you play? If not, make sure you do next year.
20 minutes to get ready for work n I'm still in bed.. SMH
I still think I'm a newbie! RT For the newbies without their handy dictionary NED = no evidence of disease... ~ remission
On my way to visit in a few!
yo! Follow my ppl's & she will follow back...
Entertained by comments by reps from and on Privacy. Yes, it's true.
Awesome! The contest is still going. RT the tweet below for the chance to win a spot in a seminar with talent agent, Nancy Curtis.
Back at #NITLE Summit this morning; awaiting keynote by Alan Kay.
haha, yes. its my favorite line in alice in wonderland right now. today is also your unbirthday!
I think I am going to have to be on team blanket for this one.
Those you thought you could trust you can't. Off to the cottage.
I think she is still planning her escape. Midwife did a non-stress test today. She is a champ!
I got fired from Olive Garden because a lady asked if we had any specials & I pointed at a table of retards.
Thanks for the follow! Admire your line of work...
The Granola-In-The-Jar is also on my list for today. A list which, by the way, keeps getting longer and longer ;)
snap yea ghost was my favorite one until I unlocked marathon and lightweight pros lol
I'm finally legal woo
It's hard having vision when others can't see...
Morning everyone
So happy to find you on twitter.....I'm another Charlotte Mason/wholebooks homeschool graduate! Love your blog...
Jesus! I hope not!! Maybe just a bad sprain?
Hope you had a great 4th!
Art Alley Concert Series: to hit
Thanks for sharing our video!
So it's only 3 and my phones already going dead lol sweet
I feel like I have, um, TOO many thoughts to encapsulate them in a paper?
I'm in one of those moods where all I wanna do is hug you and give you little kisses on the cheek (:
Follow me Niall!:D <3 I love you!<3
Exactly. It was smart of you to get out of the “being a virgin” market when you did.
Also known as cardioplegia.
It's Beautiful to Witness the Growth.
Every apartment complex I'm looked at have reviews that go from "It's amazing" to "It's a cockroach infested hellhole."
Thanks for the fallow
so far le chateaubriand is the best food in Paris hands down, not even close. but they need more help in the front for sure! Props to Inaki!
That ball is Votto here
Thank you! Have a great weekend!!
Obama's 2012 strategy: don't be Mitt Romney.
Hon. UNITY DOW, our inaugural lecturer, will discuss her experience w/Mitchell Scholars at the Mitchell Institute in Portland, today 5-7PM
What is the most famous shark?William Sharkspeare!
J probably feels accomplished when I favorite her ;)
Celebrate the warm weather this Sat. with live music and $3 coors lights! Who else wants to start their summer early?
I am your constituent, I oppose SOPA /PIPA. Please do not treat me as a thief. Deal w/copyright infringement democratically.
RT : : Thank you for the tweets this week & socialmedia support of #ISDIP2012 - Great Coverage! TY!
I love you. A lot. More than you could ever fathom. Please don't let this tear us apart....
It's my first time! And some old dude just got shot in the face. Joel McCrea's bowler hat is shocked.
to raise fees, throttle data for
Shout out to my new follower !
Feeling like ass today :X
The Packers have traded up with the Eagles. They're on the clock - 51st overall.
Farm. To. Table.
thanks again for the celebration goodness :)
thanks bro. Im workn on producing a new short and Im looking for co-pro and exec- pro.
Inbox, why do you hate me so?
Time spent well today on this half a day.
Is amazed at how much more she can accomplish by working at home
I swear my ex don't appreciate shit! Tht ni**a needs a fuckin reality check, u need me I dnt need u 4 but 1 thing n I can gt tht newhere
lol, she's not following me.
I hate when it haves this stupid updates.
At work .
My wife and I are gonna tune in...but...last few episodes made her beg me to change to Dancing With the Stars dvr'd episodes
I just strighted my hair:P
honey, honey nearly kills me uh huh honey, honey
Email us to see what you can do next to preserve FLES and preserve a quality educational system in LOCO:
u and snooki are the best ;) u ladyz rock !!!
Who's to blame for the earthquake? Come on, folks, let's see some press releases.
I have successfully assembled!
Isn't it funny that so many people are afraid of the thought of their own death yet rush through life as if they will have a different end!
RT : Check out our friends on Travel Channel's "Food Paradise" tomorrow nite! Honors to 'Ward's Prime Rib Hall of
sick right?
#bandsilove Taking Back Sunday.
Cant believe i paid 40 bucks to eat a piece of wood.
hello ~^^ both of yews
About to make some new videos so be ready ;).
Hey ! We're set up together at ! Our little part of the fest will be radiating AWESOME!!!
MIDDAY TODAY: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/ Jason DeParle & Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work
yeah, man. 2nd ep already. it's good.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a nigga to listen...
Can anyone recommend a good movie to kinda listen to while I stare at my phone?
Join us tomorrow night for our 3rd 'Steampunk Thursday" w/ music by & tasty treats by
Etch A Fletch
Who's hitting that cold world gig next week Boise?
: Jayd don't get mad if I tell you this. Me:okayy. Sam: your armpits smell really good. Both of us:hahahahaha
Moving to Indy starting...now
near the top of the bucket list: meet Bill Murray
Locals: Talk by Prof. Daniel Rosenberg TODAY at 3pm on "the modern concept of data." Harrison-Small auditorium. Full info at is.gd/VMVQBc
Can't wait for my yoga session tonight with Donna. Laughed too hard with Andrew today!
Honestly Mavs fans Durant threw up a prayer. It happens. Bad break... we still got DIRK!
Watching interview is so ridiculously awkward. He grills her about social issues for 30 min., she evades.
I could have gone fo a big mac! Hahaha
I'm still on FTP as well here in Vegas, but I'm opting to grind on Bodog instead.
Relax. We are still in private beat for the API. Are you a customer?
where you been buddy???
the Incredible 2
Please #ff a fellow human being
Show me some love and follow back! :)
I live with 3 female cocker spaniels and they know my emotions before I even express them, they are so in tune w/me
what about speeding up dispute for cops who kill or abuse? Yeah don't won't ever happen
I'm bored. Might propose.
will do!
--- bills post games in '01..... good times!
#FF people helping people reach their goals
ALways looking for the next gadget Telco Systems Brings Home ATCA Award MANSFIELD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Telco Systems has been awarded
oh I completely understand some "Mahomies" are taking it way to far :p
*if! Ugh lol but thank you she really is :P
love that chris brown song - ladies love me
Who's serving up your favorite brunch frittati and crepes? VIA, that's who! 11 to 3 today, with 2-4-1 mimosas and bloody marys.
yeah you should follow me 😃 I'm usually pretty interesting haha
I had to leave Bcuz my school schedule was way to complicated
"satellite" reference is a good way to meet dept faculty and form new collaborations
That's for sure! RT : TRUE SPURS FANS ARE SO PROUD OF THE SPURS. EVEN WITH THE LOSS IN PLAYOFFS.
Peace be with you
Just noticed my colleague submitted a statement to the AU on Liberian refugees in Ghana...
following you follow up
did u not see the jkjk? wow
Ok so why is Shark Week so addicting? I should sleep now but I just can't stop watching!
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho call people w/ opinions "haters"
i contributed food colouring and money to SCAV. i've done my part this year. next year i'll actually do stuff!
three pages a day til Monday. and an exam on Sunday. and a Master's degree completion.
So today...... I did everything and nothing
That new commercial w Justin Bieber hawking cell phones pisses me off. If I wanted to see a douche on TV I'd watch a Summers Eve commercial!
I couldn't take it any longer... fuck a #smartphone I keep it
Step On Stage N Get Faded Just Like A Flat Top
Jack Schwartz: We are hoarding potentials so great that they are just about unimaginable.
well have fun enjoy your self :)
Matt Kemp <~ wow what a catch.
Jazz tonight! DiG JAZZ QUINTET 8:00PM - 10:00PM NO COVER - Seth Tsui - Trombone, Phillip Foiles - Alto Sax, Barney Quick ......., More
Yeah you are! RT: :"I'm on Twitter again... Thanks to and "
RT : Update on Read & React offense. Several of the habits we have been drilling have transfered to game situations.
Im not the type of person that annoce who is following, who tweeted me, or who dm'ed me. Why? Because its just who I am.
Good morning. Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
I hate thinkin too much . . .
I just passed I don't care, and now I'm about to make a right into I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
Bad news: sugarcoated or straight-up?
haha wow! Sounds stressful.
#colab3titleidea Person: someone like your mother but not your mother, Person: someone you want to sleep with but hate
hope and max
LOL love her ... Hmm I wonder who I would be... Probably Ross lol
what's going on in #cleveland this weekend?? my bff is graduating!!!! you know we gotta celebrate..... 0:)
so glad you're so real! You don't try to be so thin you're not! Good lookin out!
M. Twitter brownies.
He creeps me out w his on the money imitations of Freddie. He's an imitator. Did you see him imitating an opera singer on YT?
Welcome to the Indianapolis Colts Andrew Luck
Now your just somebody that i use to know.<3
RT With great (magnetic scanning) power comes great (science communication) responsibility.
It is important that #CATS be fed a high protein diet. If you feed your feline a dry/kibble diet, supplement with canned wet.
Dear woman doing your makeup and driving, STOP.
Destiny is not a matter of chance; but a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, It is a thing to be acheived...W.J. Bryan
Havent fought with my sister since Saturday, holy cow. LOL that's a good thing.
His sunglasses are Riedel
It's hard to believe anybody's "real" when so many Fake people been in your life...
Thx for including me! :)
Just ate at John besh's Luke in San Antonio. Yum! Frites were good but the hanger steak was best on the table!
Chillin chillin. Enjoying the day. What's up with you?
I'm so glad that I stuck with #revenge…it's deeper than it looks.
Getting ready to go live @ 10pm with my 50th radio show of "SALSA ES LO QUE HAY" Go to and join me! LETS GO!!!
take it off!
agreed, little cousin. Agreed.
Ask all the players who will use it for degree completion or other educational purposes. Seems pretty shortsighted on your part.
way to kill it on stage. Makin us Tennesseeians proud.
What u said about regret is Excellent! Perfertly put! Love It!
im comin back to atl tonight thou
I wish he came with us to Wine Riot.
Reality sucks. I want to be an Avenger. Preferably Thor.
Reisman: 3 buckets for understanding SS text: background knowledge, reading comp, historical reasoning (incl author)
I am in Las Vegas for business until tomorrow, June 1, 414-708-7033
Roses are red. Nuts are round. Skirts go up. Panties go down. Belly to belly. Skin to skin. When it's stiff, stick it in ;)
And this ice coffee omg yes
Congratulations to the musicians who have advanced to ISSMA *State* Solo and Ensemble contest on Feb. 25! See you in two weeks!
you should follow me back...it would make me happy
take a fan out...just saying.
Welcome Engine Company Sponsor OTIS Elevator!
missing you today :(
“: I will slay your friends and family...with my jokes at our engagement dinner tomorrow.”
good, I'm not alone
Three Tips for Maximizing the Meals Write-Off (Video) Accountant Mark Kohler offers advice for how you can make the most of this deductio
Time to move the knights yo-you see it in front of you , seize it! S/O The Invisibles S/O luv it
I've heard of a muffin top before but damn! That's Dunlap syndrome - her belly dun lapped over her belt. AKA the Gunt...
have fun
great question!
On the contrary, it is YOU who owns #DrawSomething !! You're awesome!! I'm so ashamed of my crude attempts and impressed by yours.
#vegasroast I swear corey thinks he's in the movie field of dreams when he comes to work. Dude has no idea what he's doing
I wonder which industries have the most conferences? Maybe healthcare, IT and government. Is there a conference density metric?
In the long run, kids killing each other > kids living forever by biting each other.
wish I was there
your my 4 letter ,4 letter word,4 letter word!!!:)) i luuv this song!!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Caps fans woke up this morning only to realize its true...that did happen last night
Beyonce, stop being so beautiful
Spring is quickly approaching & it is time to think of booking an off-site retreat complete with a game of golf at Edgefield! 503.492.2777
*She's Not Me And She Never Will Be.*
This is not my morning. Luckily, I know things are gonna improve soon!
The spirit of the Lord is upon me.....................wheeeeee!!!! been just rolling-stay up twitter family
Are you also arabic? RT I keep hearing a clicking noise. Pretty sure there's a bomb in my house. Oh wait I'm DA BOMB. 💣
Don't make a case for failure! Believe- think possitive!
thank u! I am nuts about them :)))
"Soul Swagger Entertainment - Music Marketing and Promotion". Simple but True. What chu think?
great food and better drinks!
Haha! I'm jealous. RT : Thank god for #TT and #FF for reminding me what day of the week it is.
AUDI's are tough bro , deff a good look though
do we share the same bday? Yay. It's my 27th today!
keep up the good work. You are around my home town! I look forward to reading more about your trip...
yess baby always
What a treat, more problems on the brownline. Running express from Belmont to Western.
Shouldn't the expression be, "You're not the Springsteen of me"?
hell naw man. We aint even left the house yet
Listening to little one suck her fingers and falling asleep in her bed. Then out of nowhere "I love you Daddy." Perfect end to the day.
I'll cop to that!
RT : first person to bring three large coffees to Diverseworks for tech gets a free ticket to the show!
Tomorrow is gonna be kick ass (:
I like the progress were making #dream team
Hobos under the bridge, It's 1:30 am. Your cardboard signs aren't glow in the dark. Skip the heroin & invest in a Light Brite.
Leaving the Skater shop. Imma mix it up this summer
also i miss you, and when i get my new car, i'll come visit you :]
Absolutely! But what if we use the same sophisticated data analysis used w consumer purchase info, to understand learning?
Alert! Monty Shoes Delaware. Clearance on Nike Bouncy hightops. Free pair to 1st Tweeter in store NOW! $40 off for next 2. $19 off next 10!
It's just a boo boo to a boo boo
had the best night ever last night!
writing songs is easy, figuring out a tracklist for an album aint that easy
Google AdWords Experts Reveal Hottest Online Marketing Tool for 2012 - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Three months latter: Do you have a wish list somewhere? If so add: Email notifications, web interface, de-duplication, auto fill
I'm giving in to the beast for the night.
You're very welcome. That bashful, "I can't believe I'm doing this" smile really makes it a stellar pic.
You didn't use your tolnaftate cream!
#Spinners get goal at buzzer, defeat #Constitution 22-16.
?If u ain�t getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free!
I love jerry springer and maury!!
hot excel tip: when you want to replace a bunch of asterisks, you have to place a tilde before it like so ~*
#FF #dosoemthing Great networks doing great work
it was pretty fucking funny to me, ignore the no makeup look haha i was laughing so hard it would've came off anyway
Thanks for the heads up! We're working on it!
Pizza Hut 😍
Feature: classic roasted turkey breast club with cheddar, mayo, bacon, lettuce & tomato on sourdough bread. $9!
yes! That sounds perfect. No hubs... hes working. Can I bring my dog?
Good look on them finals!
LOVE London! Esp in the rain. Went jogging in the rain there one morn. & ppl looked @ me like I was insane. it was glorious!
when your 3 year old brother says what what in the butt >>>>>>
Meet artist hero Lee Ufan. Asked about my own research. Mumble something unintelligible.
How do you "intentionally create intellectual collisions" using twitter? Very cool idea.
is my hero! Skating across the US for Spare a dollar, or two, or three for
Big Thanks to all our Followers for helping get the word out about our charity album for the Jan 8th Tucson Shooting Victims!
#deSym we are in the 1950s of sexting says Jo Ann Oravec & remember what happened to Lenny Bruce back in the day
?? what's that?
AMEN!!!!! i think most of america agree. i USED to be her biggest fan. seeing the real lisa was heartbreaking!
The amount of pure nothingness we do in english is actually unbelievable.
Thanks for the RT!
Doing live show with Len Mailloux - on-air with Sierra Leone and Ghana AT THE SAME TIME. Let people know to tune in now?
Welcome to the world where being yourself isn't good enough.
Gettin ready to head home for the holidays. A much needed vacation. Time to get away. Everybody be safe out there
happy monday to you too! :D
DO I KNOW YOU SIR, I DON'T THINK I KNOW YOU! LOL
Also good thing you told me that I have no idea where the fuck anyone in my family is right now.
Oh shit it's 4/20! You know what that means??? Two days until Earth Day! So stoked...
Thanks for taking a look at my site! And yeah, I haven't been updating it much... But the front page will have more content soon :)
Beauty is whatever gives joy. - Edna St. Vincent Millay
Straight up? RT : Free Agency!
Why does my baby Cocoa Butter is Chapstick/Lip Gloss :-/
Stay true to yourself, believe in what you do and try to be the best.
good luck over there bro
“: What are your plans after work tonight? #Trivia and Pint night starts at 7pm!” -celebrate Fat Tuesday with some brain tease!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
We can always have one in Ohio! :-)
Especially when they are well done...
Why do that.. then everybody loses.
Later, a robotic version of his childhood dog, graphically destroyed his father's co-workers. Creepy.
