Dancing for the Arts
Chilling @ my dad's house until traffic dies down
Yay! Next is college hope ur ready! RT : Summer 2012 is gon be pretty epic :) only because I'm graduating !
Why is this list of derogatory words for mexicans so damn funny to me?!? #sowrong 
And...I've been running it like this since beta day 1 through all the beta releases. VERY stable.
Clearly, we couldn't. :P
A real certified hood niqqa like me need a bad bitch yellabone with thAt yummy steak pussy. Yamean?
Just unfollowed about 20 something people. My apologies. :)
I just want to be there for you
Looking for a fantastic business opportunity? Multiple revenue streams and a recession proof industry. It's right here.
Oh yes!!
lol really what ?
i sent u a invite on FB
Yes, yes, and yes! Though I only know the time/pace for Troublesome Catalogers. What's the details on the Tweetup?
St.Patrick's Day Pub Crawl! All day pass available for $20 in advance and $25 the day of. Why drink and drive when you can ride and survive?
please do u want to follow me? <3
I want everyone to know, I do NOT Share my favorite food unless you're very special. Pizza hut breadsticks and Orange Chicken is off limits!
my pleasure! Posting that is reminding me that I need to sign back up for rescuetime.
yes they like me to post pictures of them and are animal rights activists..total conservatives lol
Will you ever follow me? <3 x11
Simone Browne and Allison Clarke, great discussion of structure and unstructure of digital realm, hashtags for activism & hate.
I would really like to be asleep right now
Recommended that people over 60 get the shingles vaccine.
Columbus news anchor covering Chuck Sheen sounds much more incredulous saying "tiger blood" than NYC counterparts.
Me too. I'm crossing my fingers I get a B too!
“: If Shaka Smart leaves VCU, his contract stipulates that his new team must play a home & home against VCU.” awesome
skit is stuck in my head. so funny.
Guys go check out EmbrySquare they're really fucking good and if they get the recognition they deserve they'll be somewhere in no time!
so when is the last time u fought someone who wasnt a golden boy fighter? Don't say Cotto, he has no promoter
so much
was reading it with a friend on their laptop and didn't save the link, but I'll see if I can track it down.
Rep Cohen just welcomed Obama on the tarmac...
Hold on to your innocence use your common sense.
Firecracker whore I wat ur jelly bean twat Popsicle lemon drop martini bomb shell rockafella flex my Volvo volcano pussy ah
Found your twitter. :D
She is such a badass!
lol RT : Since #prsci is trending on Twitter, does that mean Twitter is just completely full of PR people? We're all just...
Deeds, not words shall speak me.
Talking to director of Spider-Man today. I know what I want to ask. What would you ask him?
that sounds delish! I need to make big girl version.
did anyone attend the #PasoRobles tasting last night at Hotel Palomar?
happy birthday!!!! Hope its a good one!
So I like reading #craigslist #personals. But sometimes I see the people posting and I say "holy crap" out loud. Am I a #terrible person?
thanks Hannah!! Hope you're doing great ;)
The Silk Tie likes Tim! We noticed you don't have a tie in your profile picture. thesilktie.com
thanks for everything tonight. I missed you! Crossing my fingers we can take a trip up to the Roxy to hang again! (: <3
This sucks... I'm so tired but I have to finish my resume:(
I love Ahman Green. Became friends with him when we had class together at UWGB. But it's time to give it up.
OMG i wish i knew sooner! I wouldve went straight from CT to MA today! Im back in NY tho love. Lmk for next time! <3
BIG changes coming next Monday!
Never realize how much I am set in my ways until I'm back with the family. We do and think about things so differently.
- You Walkin again?
oh no... Disappointed. Pelosi is genuinely ..... Insert obvious adjective here.
I'm good, thank you. Staring at the screen. Tons of edits. How are you?
does that mean you wanna bang? ;)
Personally, I think a lot of people haven't tapped into the hidden power of RSS feeds.
Sweet home Chicago countdown: 7 days too many. Graduate school finals are no picnic.
Thanks for the follow. I work a lot with Social Media and I'm always looking for suggestions:)
have a amazing trip. Will be miss u, be safe, dance, swim, tan, drink and have fun!!! Xoxox. #makeitcount #NoBrakes ✈
So you've tried the free travel for beautiful people? :-)
Yes! Just Last Night Actually. So Good! Worth It! Go see it (:
Wahi Media launches the nxt gen Wahi platform. More efficient, faster & enhanced vid performance. Leading w/ innovation.
It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia
at the heritage festival in SD
Chef Bobbi says beat the heat with our signature Fox Banana Split.
I am good too, I am in Florida right now. We need to catch up sometime soon!
I don't think that ur beautiful, I think ur beyond it!.
2010 the average consumer viewed 5 pieces of content before making a buying decision. 2012: 10 pieces. In the next two years 15.
YES!!! But what about non-profit employees whose personal cells double as work without compensation?
Also, for those two weeks I'll be the biggest celtics fan ever
Best of luck with the visit! Godspeed!
RT : Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck. ~George Carlin
Now Following
Ironman Louisville, Ky...Am toying with the idea of doing again this year...
sounds really good but I'd do ideas last; commodities first. Nice setup for a class
but seriously... Chipolte for lunch?
First Gowalla, now Instagram. Wow Facebook, Wow.
Nobody makes me feel more broken than you do...
yay! We are staying in the gaslamp :)
Some songs on Chris mix tape should have been on the Fortune album
well that's distinctive!!
all i want is to love and to be loved in return..is that to much to ask for??
Disappointed by the afternoon sessions, but loving Chicago and this beautiful weather!
Just once I want to see a marathon winner cross the finish line and immediately fire up a cigarette.
Attention graduating students: Friday March 23 at noon is the deadline to order your cap and gown for May 12th Graduation Ceremony.
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause really? What if someone called your team out you would be mad belibers don't worry sincerely #teammindless :)
Depends if you have a lisp and you do have a lisp, so it's okay.
Artemus Ward~ Why is this thus What is the reason for this thusness
It's true. I hope you didn't have any mouse droppings in your desk.
Though I'm pretty sure she likes Vampire Weekend.
Ok G'night everyone, snuggling up with a glass of wine and a Cathering Cookson book (The Cultured Handmaiden)
Do they come right by your house????
My spelling was horrible!
Why do you continue to act like a punk bitch?
Power outages & pass restrictions tonight. Everything is wind/weather related.
I don't want your free iPads.
Can't sleep. WTF
A study showed that regular dancers were shown to have a 70% decreased risk of developing dementia
THANKS for bringing your brilliant and delicious juice combo!!! So loved it and here's wishing you a great week!
that would be the Class of 2k9 -- a group of middle grade and young adult debut novelists; check out www.classof2k9.com
Christian bale could not be more beautiful
The owner of a small firm that cannot obtain funds via the bank to to operate their business can use receivables factoring
you guys interested in caps/sabers Tuesday at 7. This will be a big game.
I hope they do. The NHL could use the L.A. market to bring in the ratings. St. Louis, Nashville, and Phoenix won't.
This can be arranged. RT : I kind of wanted a group huddle and all hands in with cheer kind of thing by the end of it. :)
This boy plays musical modes of transportation. Yesterday comes to work in the Mustang & then comes back from lunch in the F250. Today he
nice way to start !
preparing for long-ish meeting today. will present AWS costing model to-date
Given up hope on studying.
what's upp(:
Our spring issue features the 150th anniversary of , , and ! Pick up a copy today, or subscribe!
Frankly, not to make this about me, but both the names Merrin and Perrish are freakishly near mine own, no?
U Know U A Hoe When Your first name is Paris or your last name is Kardashian.
Don't forget about the "Lucky" win the refs gave him over Oregon!
did very well! I'm not really a big fan of her though! I have a feeling she might win she seems to be the favorite of the judges.
#happyfriday and happy half day at work to me lol!
He also has 1959 Rose Festival photos -- see them here at 7916 SE Foster 11-7 Wed-Sat, 11-5 Sun where it's all community, all the time.
Tweet your favorite Jim Collins' quote for a chance to win a free book!
In Vegas tonight? Then make your way over to Tabu Ultra Lounge inside the MGM Grand!
Thx for the wonderful feedback. I value UR input highly, given your extensive experience as a #training pro.
NOT TRUE.
Probably already happened, even if neither remembers.
we missed you danger
Do you like or dislike Quickbooks and why?
is watching the sycamores play on the Duece!!
I understand why weed is illegal; high people don't have problems. The government needs problems to function. #NotTheRealReason lol.
how u gonna tell me what i was doin? Quit tweeting me its annoying as fuck
Alright, I wanna know. Who the hell is making bad rumors about me !!!!!!!! =P
thanks Jason!
well what's up?
RT : Don't write to serve your audience; write to serve your work. Do the latter and the former will take care of itself.
Intermediate & Senior Company members - dancing till 4:30pm tomorrow!!! Get ready for some recital jazz & hip hop rehearsals!!!
SO EXCITED you are a Chief!!!!!
If i told you that my cat was throwing up, i bet you wouldn't like to see the results.
High School Lash Special4 THE GLAMOUR GIRLS AT SOUTHFIELD LATHRUP!This week we are having a lash special for all girls at Southfield lathrup
In response to my previous tweet, I meant pass the torch leaguewide
I think I just came up with a potential genius idea
went on canyon trek after a museum marathon....soaking my feet in ice now.
I feel like playing fora
Bob is off the chain right now lmao
trainview off by 15 minutes? reliable!
hey bud I have not had time to ready your aggreement! lets try and connect via skype tom.
Read my latest article about photography at
Investigation of Ariel Warning, novel about identical twin brothers & woman who comes between them Author Robert Kalich is an identical twin
oh. then yeah throw that #wtf tag on it
And by the way we do punch bitches.
when will you post the finalist for the pitch it contest?
whenever i listen to the album "toxicity," I think of when i used to ride home from school with you. :D
Somebody save me lol
Got so stressed doing my taxes that I ate an entire box of Easter candy. It helped a little bit.
Just got home...Jameer is out too now? Good grief.
Leadership isn’t telling people what to do; it’s taking people with you.
What are the health benefits to eliminating red meat from my diet?: Right now I eat everything. Im 32 yrs old and I jog regularly. I’...
Heading to bed time to drift off into
#BlackFriday is trending. What should you buy?
In a meeting with the Board of Directors
Oh Barb. You poor, tired woman.
nice! What's your favorite Woody Allen movie?
": just killed his verse #StarGang" Always!!! Good stuff you guys getting together ...Pissah!!
he who laughs last didn't get it
Hey ! Thanks for following our new twitter page! How's the running scene in Montana treating ya?
Ever have a 'meh' kinda day? I want to be more passionate and motivated, but feel like I'm forcing it. Must remember to wait upon the Lord!
Why an I awake?
RT : Q3: 3. Whats with the drinking and comedy going hand-in-hand?
Wow. Nice one on Friday night struggles, Ken.
just noticed that followed me! ahh thank you so much Jessica! I love you!!!<3
So i went 2 church for choir rehearsal and i thought it was the 4th saturday of the month today But its the 5th i feel so smart but anyways
why are we still tweeting this condo lets just start a text chain or something
I was in such a great mood. Now I feel like throwing up.
wonder how Jonah Hill will handle that one..... especially from Billy Crystal on the global stage
We hope he likes the issue. :)
You know you've got respect when musicians from all walks are celebrating your life
what are they doing?:)
I want to coach the knicks .. They have a great as team and they havent figured out the right way to use them
Your clause assignment is due before the start of class tomorrow - so far there have been only four submissions to the drop box...
im serious
This summer is going to be the shit. I have high expectations. If you can't fill them, get the fuck out of my way.
I also need tights. TIGHT rights. For I roam around the forest looking for fights. (I hope one of you gets that)
Musicians Happy Hour Tonight! You Plug it In and Drink Cheap All Night!
Geez... What is it about the a$$ that talks about himself at the bar
": It has been scientifically proven that the less you know, the more you think you know." I could give you a few names!
Yeah all the cool kids sit in the back of class. I'm a front row nerd.
Thank you to the 17 amazing musicians who played their butts off tonight at Jake's! I hope y'all had a blast!
I'm back there. Just ran down to meet and in person.
Whoever said money doesn't grow on trees obviously never sold marijuana
I get it in lmao inch by inch
always supporting you! :)
thanks! And for school ball i was ganna throw it to 2nd but no one covered so I forced my throw to 1st and through out my arm
Buddha~ Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Jadakiss is the truth...
Reading our most recent business plan is always good for a groan. It's why it needs to be revisied and updated. Try to add to + improve it
from this day forth you may refer to me as "Catness"
already u guys?? Is it already sunday? Say it ain't so lol!
The Guto likes any band with at least one person playing a jug.
#dbacks take advantage of Cliff Lee's DL stint by batting around v. Kyle Kendrick in B1.
a career in the arts- heart and soul for sale name your price. a career in programming- technical knowledge and time for sale. market value.
You know when you twisted the chains of a swing to make you quickly spin a thousand times until you threw up? I want to do that.
Curious: How was your weekend?_________
got to get in bed
“:i have had a really werid but good thought about what we were going to do when you get home... it wont work :S” SCARED!
#UNLV is trending for all the wrong reasons. Come on guys, let's go. Sink the ball.
It's true. I use channel locks to crack my pistachios.
I seriously walk in my job everyday at around 8:40 like I'm not supposed to be there at 6:45. I don't even start working when I get there
Are you craving a fresh & delicious flavorful soup for lunch? You'll love our Roasted Tomato Bisque or our Tomato Florentine!
is trying to catch me riding dirty. He is hating!
Yesterday JDI met with Russian human rights advocates about ways to stop prisoner rape. Imagine PREA in Russia!
when life throw you lemons, slap that bitch and say "I want money fool!"
going to buy vans - tip for zombie survival. don't wear vans while running from zombies, they're uncomfortable and easily broken
and who??!
Didn't get a chance to talk to you this morning. I am in Learning and Development at Wells Fargo. Will catch you next month.
Hey Para,how's everything?
I choreographed a routine to Kiss It All Better for my schools variety show next year (:
Nice cover photo, beautiful ladies!
Interesting question: who is The Man among U.S. faith traditions these days? Non-denominational evangelicals? The "Nones?"
please respond to my email I sent today. Mildly urgent :-)
. I know! I'm relishing the silence & whopping it up, by turns. Next: envision my "best neighbor" scenario.
Sometimes... when you hold out for everything, you walk away with nothing.
she doesn't know how to lose fat belly rolls..
Watching always makes me hungry
salsa?! Yum!!
Big things in the works for Local Playlist! Super excited for the next few weeks of my life & for the launch party Feb 18th at Tonic Tavern!
Suppose it's not hard to weight train in them, but wouldn't want to go for a run in them.
Boy has sex with 2 girls - he's a mac (threesome) Girl has sex with 2 boys- she's a slut hoe smut ! (train) LIFE IS UNFAIR !
Sitting in court in #Denver. Trying to determine if some cases are stories.
Thanks to my roommate for pointing out that I have a lot of gray hair.
omg don't say that I'll die if its wren ._.
not totally crazy -- there are some working on json serializations of MARC; in comparison, pbcore+json should be easy.
Alright! Don't worry, we'll be gentle :)
I'M FEELING A LITTLE UPSET AT MYSELF BUT IT COULD'VE BEEN WORST SO I THANK GOD FOR THAT
Join me for Solidarity Sing along #350 tonight! Doors are open. VO5, Steez, Goodtime Camper, SSA & more!
Alone time with myself....Kinda...
Rene is pretty 😭
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. -Oliver W Holmes
<<<<< that's my favorite quote, right there...
The inventor of the goldfish cracker bag should be forced to escape from a human-sized container of a similar design.
yes, I think certain diagnoses seem insurmountable to those that don't have them, like schizoprenia, bi-polar
Just call them all Ochcocinco....
Do. Or do not. There is no try.
Forecast for Sunday: Low clouds in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 67 to 72 inland....
said it was an ad that would actually make her think about it.
Be an attendee, a national co-host organization, or sponsor, & join us as we continue to affect change in #transportation & #infrastructure!
O! M! G! New #garbage album on valentines day!!! I am beyond ecstatic right now!
Items I've discovered while cleaning out my desk: kitty stickers; 2 bottles of 5-Hour Energy (grape flavor); CTA card; 2 pkgs of mayo.
Was a busy weekend. #RootsTech, #SuperBowl & National #Library Day. Too many great ideas & URLS to explore - too little time.
i wonder why deez ziggans on fb went at my x and talked down on me? dumb ass she tell me everything we lol at yall. dumb ass
LA Times finally caught on i told everybody weeks ago 6-7 Daviyon Draper of Locke. Is A BEAST
last election, I penciled in Mickey Mouse and he got 7% of the national vote.
I am stubborn lol
"Excuse me Dave, that's Gurnee."
Gray shirt gray sweats
;-) thank you sweetness.
Just got back fro DC and my high school reunion. And family. Good to be home.
The fixed lens on the proposed 2/3 Scarlet is increasingly bugging me... will I really not have the option of putting a prime on there?
that's awesome!!!
FOUR FOR YOU GLEN COCO. YOU GO GLEN COCO.
waking up from my nap lol
“ You make all things new & I will follow you Forward:)” yes
Its not easy to step outside of your comfort zone. But, until you do you will never know what you are capable of & the difference you make.
ever been over here?
LMFFAOOOOOO One Of The Funniest Things Ive Ever heard
In a bit of pleased disbelief on IN primary results this eve. Congrats to all.
Is he really getting a full weave
Building a Successful Partner Ecosystem for the #cloud panel lead by charles golden berg
Can't ive without Evernote and Wunderlist for productivity!
Bwahahahahahaha! RT : Someone has been listening to some Kanye while high
Penn Brewery tomorrow night. Feat. the Boulevard trio plus special guests.
#Coachellalive at least makes me feel like I'm kinda sorta there.
You'd think that appl could afford a dedicated wifi ap and Internet link for their demos!
i was sure hopin to see both of them on the field
I guess its true, 1 mans trash, is another mans treasure, sucks knowing u had a diamond and threw it out bec u thought it wasnt real :(
Torshiro Davis flipped his commitment to #Texas. Great job by Orangebloods hearing news & getting on scene in Schreveport.
Great music calls for lots of listeners!
Don't forget the Horror Podcast is on iTunes!
#OPB Radio, coffee, client (phone) calls in PJs and good weather = happy boy! Work in #beaverton later, off to get ready.
#sljsummit2010 Kathy Parker- developed Kindle project for her school- 80 Kindles!
what u getting
Thanks Jordan for saran wrapping my car ... NOT!!
The #Twins will be fine if Morneau, Span, and The Pillow are healthy...oh wait.
13 hours of surgery so far. Hope they are done soon.
RT : That awkward moment when you realize you're falling in love and you're like: Oh crap!
I thank the Creator for waking me up this morning!
"Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps."
and Water To Wine thank you so much for sponsoring tonight!! I'm in love.
Randomly up.. and puttering around.. (sighs) Must finish reading this book.
It was the perfect way to start the new year at Beer Co. Thanks to all who came out! <3
oh okay then ill go ask the counselor person
“: Courtney is good with the mind games. She obviously read "Why Men Love B*tches." #bachelor” So True! Wow
More I find myself turning off wifi, then dev iOS, best way to build offline support in your app.
Account appears to be hacked.
#slpeeps what is the app you recommend for social stories?
All I can say is I BETTER be given a good reason to have put work clothes on on my day off.
": The PAST is where you learned the lesson. ♥ The FUTURE is where you apply the lesson." Lets hope so!!!!
Not much! How are you?
Hey, I just remembered I have a Twitter account! Haven't used it since I tested it over a year ago. Well, it's time to give it another go!
“: We can have license fee increases and you can still stop the #wolf hunt. Please veto the hunt!"
#brucespringsteen looking great, sound amazing and so energetic on #thegrammys! Go boss!
RT : Great turnout at the the Social Media Marketing Workshop!
:) Thanks for the follow!
just received an honest-to-god paper thank you note in the *mail* from a former ugrad student who was given a grad scholarship. <beam>
Nah. Kanye stole that from Ma$e. Dollar said it on "Lookin at me" back in 97.
If you need home help, www.helphive.com is the place to go. Real reviews from real people about real work done. Only site I trust my home to
Where's the love world?
I love that song "She" by Tyler the Creator & Frank Ocean
His statement stated in private was not w/o merit. BIBI is difficult to deal with, ask any Israeli.
party in nh millys dollar drink night :)
is a bad bitch!!!
"I'm Ginika and I don't care much for followers so........." very nice Ginika, shows u really do care about the community
but bad job by def. Since pop Warner defenders are taught to pick up any ball on ground and return it.
Hey Champster is anything good going on tonight?
AFC Championship... Perfect time for a killer migraine. Sheesh.
Happy Monday. Thank you for following me:
. Yeah, but I think he pays people to say them when he isn't around.
And I am not frightened of dying, any time will do I don't mind. Why should I be frightened of dying, there's no reason for it you've got
#TheMortgageIsTooDamnHigh a la Jimmy McMillan RT : I hear you. “: Ha! Not for Los Angeles! "Renting A Home...
where in pa?
What is success in youth media? And how do we track long term student success? What's your data? Is that our purpose as providers?
that's exactly what it means. How'd you know.
Beautiful day...working in my garden, finishing up #kettlehill menus, planning and preparing is the theme for March
Hah! Maybe we should start instituting a prof pjs day. On second thought... maybe not.
hey can u plz follow me i will do anything plzz:-)
Saw a 16 and pregnant commercial and she said "since I got prego I can't cage fight" well duh!
My heart is heavy today. First Mother's Day w/o my Mom. It all seems so unreal.
Thanks...and thanks for the hashtag! :)
didn't think I could make it through my workout this morning, but then I saw on the Today Show and I magically felt energized.
Got my belly full with a GCB, my teeth cleaned by 's momma, now off to watch some football, then LION KING 3D!!
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught
Holy crap, #CougarTown. Way to go for the throat.
#Libya #feb17 AJ cuts in just as spokesman is talking about mercenaries! What did he say?!
Very nice
NEW Music Video of the Day & Mojo TV clip of the day! Check it out! www.mojosworld.net & Make requests!
My sleep schedule is so messed up! >:(
yeah I can read music and I kinda know how to play the piano but I wanna be really good like is. :)
Don't miss rip it up this #Saturday! TEXT PURA to 99158 to receive a $10 disc. pass Sat night!
Shortie must’ve heard, got the word, I move that D.
Wow..I am dancing in a bar..haven't done that in a while..thx roomies! Lol =)
if you look like you'll take the chance to kill me, i won't follow you back
Why does planet fitness make you cancel your membership in person?
This graphic novel is published by Schocken Books ()
figured out why audio kept getting added to new inspire posts. It should be fixed now. Any other issues?
Got a temp. job (1-2 weeks likely). Working is fine, but I'm also standing for 8 hours to do it. NOT COOL. ):<
I meant Orton
Ah. I hope you had a good time amigo!
hold your phone in the air, that might be the easiest way to spot you!
#NC - where you can marry your cousin, just not your gay cousin. RT : North Carolina - Where Homophobes Teabag Liberty.
megan if i had to choose being with you or playing pokemon, i'd choose pokemon.
Oh ya I remember looking it up!! It was so gorgeous!
What kind of bar doesn't have draft beer? Hangar Lounge in Austin, apparently.
cuz she's an idiot
Can't wait for the 2U concert tonight! Shooting for the 3pm premier tasting too!
loving loving loving Daria and Mitch from 105.1 The Buzz
Tonight at Bayside Bowl in #Portland ME at 9 PM
True ride or die girls are too rare to find
We'd like to thank everyone who made our #EC experience awesome: The #EC staff and attendees . . .
im a 17 year old baby , on my grown woman shit .
That ball was crushed
Hiya we on same page. Got ticked off when I found out a "super fan" bullied someone
Thank you! They are weaknesses, so I have a nice challenge ahead of me! You could cheat & give up something you don't like... :)
you're very welcome!
Inspirational Alexis at Swanson Vineyards. Seeing dynamic women like that is inspiring but also makes u feel like you're not doing anything!
Thanks for the RT of my article! Hope you're having a great weekend! :)
Miss you bitch
Baking in the sun ☀💜👙
Congrats to Tom Wallisch for getting the gold in slopestyle ski!:D happy with the results in tht category...
and that's that. on the season's tombstone: So Little With So Much
Passed my Exchange 2010 Config test!
any big plans this weekend?
Gmail down????? What the hell?
mines 3392341171 I don't have yours
Math...it blows, a lot... Just like you hoe (:
We propose "adaptable" to define how data ought to be published. Adaptable data is politically-insensitive, like a volume knob for any goal.
Hold me again with all of your might
My kinkiness comes from deep within. What you mean is, now we know what I see in David. ;)
Lefty is on fire
Watching orioles and hummingbirds dart around as I sip amazing coffee. On vacation & at a museum conference in Bisbee. Having fun. Ah.
Oh man!!! the canyon is an Awesome place! luv looking at your pics :) ~ Be Safe! :)
oh sh*t is the "sneak peek" patrol... oopps! yes thanks for the correction.
I thought growing up was something that happened automatically. But it turns out it's something you have to choose to do.~Scrubs
happy birthday MY NIGGGGGGGGGAAAHHHHHH !
Get on my level?
Now this movie "Safe" is too Awesome!
the Hump? Where would that name have come from?
Good Morning Twitter
oh....ok, shouldnt u have been studying math?
At my desk with not shit to do!! Hurry up 5:00!!
watch the emmy's let him TiVo it
it's not going to be like this weekend..
Still up Floating like a paper plane...
Last night's Ladyscissors party set was tons of fun by the way. maybe I'll post the recording sometime if it came out well...
City planning commission OKs fish farm at former Don’s site
You're so welcome!
Salutes to all my Get Money people ...and whole camp # Garilla Family Records / B.H.P / Rio / /murakulousbeatz / Purp & u
Feel free to send one to me for evaluaation.
Can you make me a I Con and give me a shout out I just made this (: and I need help(:
I need to meet some new people.
"Good friends will stick with you until you're unstuck." Winnie the Pooh via
This is a great idea EG. Can any non-profits use this service?
Just walked around Berlin. Sitting on the bus watching tv waiting for load-in
Snooki's new book
In other news Blago in prison.... Any give a shit? please stopping littering on my tv please
you type that with tongue in cheek...
Glad John L. is a head coach again. Let the hilarity ensue!
DO NOT COMMIT SUICIDE. you are loved
Victory! D3 offers congrats to A.C. on your outstanding offer. Good luck wishes to K.S. & B.G. Also, D3 extends a big thank u to K.L.!
Holy bed time...gotta be up in 5 hours...it was worth it though!
Can't for to draw me a picture, so I can hang it in my room! A big one....
#famousexcuses from #Favre "I didn't feel like physically I could play at a level that was acceptable." Last month.
I officially know how feels when she's typing her long essays and the computer freezes-just when ur done and saving! >:/
Your not sorry you did it your sorry I found out ..
that's okay, busboys clean up pretty good
“: One down, four to go! #apufinalsweek” good luck buddy!!
I survived my speech!! XDDD lmao...and not once did he tell me to slow down ...pheww! Lol
I feel inadequate going on a regular run on
you've got to be kidding me
i wish there was a button that took you back your first tweet. it'll take most of us days to backtrack.
DON'T FORGET B.I.L.F. OF THE DAY ON OUR WEB PAGE... I am still willing to be your photographer
lol.... i was hopin u would get inspired an change yo shit. maybe a cute puppy or somethin
Stay tuned for another challenge field announcement TOMORROW!! Hint: he's currently a contender for 2012
Going to a networking event. Wondering what people are passionate about in their lives. bgr8 now
Wanting...not getting...need to change
QoTD: "If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it." (Unknown)
"How we treat the people we're allowed to mistreat is the measure of who we are." -- , excoriating
lol i just got done riding one of those carts at the hotel where u put ur luggage in the hallway lol
simple stock market stuff. Can't wait 'til she gets to price elasticity.
Teachers, Principals, Money Unresolved for 24 Turnaround Schools - New York Times
AZ living the desert life 4 a few days! Next stop miami =D
welcome home you really deserved those vacations
#NP Wild Horses / Rolling Stones
not sure. I was on a project when he left, I'm waiting to meet up when he gets back to get all the details.
Lol this guy said my morning was just morning but now it's good morning thank to you.. Fire game!
Also #thankfulfor free classes at the new in Arlington, VA next week - sweet!
I know, but like... yeah.
It's officially #bedtime. All I'm missing is one cute man to snuggle with :/
Well i should, but anyway!!!! Who cares???? (except my parents of course)
Ha ha that's wassup! Live to hear #Chicago #Juke music being played all over in the oddest places!
When do computers go to sleep?When it's internight.
many thanks, and thank you for the RT !
When you know a character is gonna live bc they have tons more episodes but you're still glued to the tv when they look like their gonna die
“He who does not travel does not know the value of men.” - Moorish proverb
The same thing happened to me yesterday. It was wonderful!
So, race car driver, check. Stunt pilot still iffy, though.
thanks for the heads-up.
Less popular than the air choke, Darth Vader sometimes employed "drill & kill" just to mix things up.
You're welcome. Thanks for the props!
Your Are Following Offical Site For www.wetechblog.wordpress.com for Updates
iHate Everything & Everyone . . .
that's what I'm here for yo.
Suddenly, I find myself addicted to green chile. At last, I am a true New Mexican.
are u gonna fill me in?
lucky for uga fans & uga richt truly loves uga morei than they "claim" to when they are winning
Shout out <<<<<<Follow
Tweeting when I have to be reading!!! Hello
Ugh, pretty sure I'm sick. Someone save me.
wanna give me a demonstration?
Omg I'm sick :/
same to you my friend
I Do Not Wanna Go To The Next Class
Happy Mothers Day to and Christine.
cherish yestrday live today dream tomorrow
How did you get the moving image of yourself? Seems pretty legit.
I rlly jst wanna wear my prom dress already
Phone going dead dam I talk too much on the phone
stop being so sad hunny. Cheer up! You have your friends and babygirl, we love you <3
big surprise
thanks man - i cant wait either
totally cereal!
can't wait to see BOTH of them.
1 week until Christmas!!
Aaannnnddd power is back...lame. I got excited for a second there.
Its Taylor gang over everything
my grandmothers last name was Rushing.
Charlie's Angels is on! That was my favorite movie EVER.
so sorry to hear...
Hi! My name is Michael from MA, I teach in a 1:1 iP school teaching English and History.
Im pretty sure we have that orange chocolate.
If Kanye and Kim wed, will he become Kanye Kardashian?
Thanks for the follow. Love connecting with others who are passionate about educational technology
How to know I'm really bummed, I can't bring myself to sing in the car.... :-\
"Breakfast club"
now that's a biased
What's this?!
Big shout out to my bro and all the DJ's for welcoming me into the fam. Excited for what the future holds!
Been trying for weeks to learn how Brian plays Glad You Came acoustic but it's SO DAMN HARD TO FIGURE OUT
Would I need to change the register line in the skin to point to the skins folder instead of desktopmodules/ddrmenu?
HELLO TWITTER :D I'm here for complete world domination :D
what ever happen to Tila Tequila?
Someone was selling eater suits on chrenshaw on the street @ around 10am...if you dont have your suit by now?
Yes he had a great career but the ending was crazy .Why did he not see a doctor??
Thanks for the suggestion! We'll look into it next time he's in town.
Wow! Beautiful picture.
I hate cleaning my room.
Romney: The Cayman man for the common man. Oh yeah........
should be.... Bleep the man.... "comedy central" if they are shutting you off....
If you must have fast food, try BBQ chicken, bean burritos or vegetable pizzas..
- awesome! Can't wait to start!
RT “: I need a pedicure with a chain saw”| DAMN! 😂😂😂
i have the opportunity and can't go. ya know? pluis who knows when he's coming back. and he'll be more famous soon. ughh.
Wait, I missed a Stanley Cup for Chicago. So Chicago has 9 total and Detroit has 8. So 9 counts, but 8 isn't "ANYTHING"?
Bradley Beal is in Chi. Not only was he 1 of the bright spots on the Gators last season, he's going top 5 in the draft <33333333
Chinese Facebook #RenRen going public. Good buy or Bad buy?
Arby's after a win over rival Padua
We pay taxes 4 govt programs we don't support. Don't let employers pick & choose which services 2 provide in health plans.
Hi Sarah. It sounds as though we're both just starting out. I haven't begun my #chartership PPDP yet, but need to ASAP.
Well...here goes...
I've ignored it bc I'm busy cranking out the old kind of work while cultivating opportunities for the new. Time to rethink?
hahahah that will last a good 7 seconds!
I just finished a 0.84 km run with Nike+ GPS.
okay I will(:
Happy Friday! Almost time to upgrade my phone. Thinking about a droid. Thoughts?
time to get this day crack-a-lacking.
pahhhh lease. Working girl needs food, and they're not feeding me for free on that day.
Scary to read.
I ain't been wet in a minute
Driving while high limit public comment beginning in House judiciary.
gettn some ink done right now
where? :o
FOUND MY BEATS!
Do It! RT : u have to be there for Jeffy's & 's birthday!! Remember we r bringing...
: No comment available for public consumption.
#firespaz up to his old tricks again - impressive "deer in headlights" impression
I LOVE this topic AND anything to do with measuring. I take all the fun our of social media. #SMBME Thanks for coming!
Deepak Chopra is coming to CUP!
I was 1 of 5 students nominated by our teacher to attend the Public Speaking Society. I wasn't chosen but being nominated was pretty cool!
feel better, Kaley! Will.... no! *hits you with rolled up newspaper!* ..NO.
#Sagittarius loves 2 travel, the life of the party! Short (or long) jaunts 2 another destination is a real turn-on. Mile high club anyone?
Find out what time they'll be back in Charlotte. I'll meet y'all there!!!
epic ..."but I just cannot stand decisions made on lack of information. "
TONIGHT Filmmaker Emilio Roso & his new movie on the Israeli mafia- listen if you dare 2night on my show 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
"is this the Krusty Krab?" "no this is Patrick." it just never gets old.
Enjoy #Mario for who and what he stands for. Like the statue or not it's your opinion just enjoy the fact we still have a team
On my way to pick up some Post Workout Creatine! Yeah Baby!
you're awesome all rightt. ;)
I wish the 70's and 80's music came back... All we have is Justin Beiber, Selena Gomez, Adele, ect. >.< Our parents were so lucky. :P
Acquired replacement battery for Iriver H340 Check ... Opened the Player Up & Replaced Old Batt with New Batt Check .. Now it doesn't Work!!
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies with in us." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Incomparable lucidity and penetrativeness
What are you doing to increase Twitter presence ?
holy cow. its 6pm already. Hot dang.
either drugs or drugs
I had no food at the airport. Think it was the mac-n-cheese.
Today I did a total of 150 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 6, Day 2, Level 1)
My new Mack Ave record comes out tomorrow worldwide. Bandmates are G-Hutch, & Get it!!!!
Something about the bookstore... It feels so safe here. Comforting but exciting.
For a start, where does Dr. Pepper fit in?
Ceylon tea is from Ceylon, Sri Lanka and is a middle-bodied tea. It's not as strong as Assam, but stronger than Darjeeling.
I was uncomfortable
Shannon are you planning on having more Limited Addition posters, pics Ect???
Great weekend Ready to go Make some money this week#on it
work work work.
The Lucky One <3 Was an amazing movie. <3 I love my lucky 1 , cause in my world he is the One. The ONE for me , myself &I. N thats myself.
Keep me posted please!
wowza!!!! Try not to float away!
Hug the hurt. Kiss the broken. Befriend the lost. Love the lonely ;) x
"I got bronchitis....!! Ain't nobody got time for that!"
4 MORE DAYS OF KYLE PIERCING! Don't miss out! Come on down and get pierced say whats up to Kyle and get 20% off your jewelry.
Thx for shout out!
It was a great experience and a strong showing of KC startups.
crack B what it lookin like homey?
I don't understand this math shit!
This line in particular gets me: "You’re ready. Start making stuff. You might be scared. That’s natural."
One hour till our Twitterview with - SO many questions tweeted with #17Ariana - this will be fun! RT to all Victorious fans!
son of a...biscuit. A chicken biscuit. Yum. Always crave it on a Sunday. ;(
I love my sis
I don't drink all the time, a brother needs to sleep. Plus I can't drink when I'm hunting down criminals or taking a shit
The Rams shouldn't be allowed to go back to LA. Its not the same as the Raiders and they weren't appreciated while in LA
SKY LOUNGE'S LADIES NIGHT !!! LADIES FREE TIL 11PM WE WILL HAVE 2 FLOORS AVAILABLE FOR HOURS OF PARTYING. ON OUR
We did, he didn't respond
A rise in energy positive materials (piezoelectric, solar, ambient microwave). You are the power plant.
Tru happiness starts within oneself. It is at that point in which 1 wld Bring someone else in the picture to SHARE it with.
there is a special on diving on the history channel right now!! I'll pick up some tips for ya ;)
We are #2 in the World under facebook sendittomeokay.com
happy to share that we're using libguide api & pulling course-specific content directly into our lms: moodle
#UArts 2pm Washington Square Park - get FLASHED by theater.
Got it done early good job preds!
Oscar commercials were better than Super Bowl ads?! Works for me
This is a hard game to watch but Denver has zero quit.
Thanks for the invite. Could you tell us a little more about it?
triscuits and mayo?
Hi ! For exhibit, I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about being an artist. May I get in touch by email?
next song you better give me a shout out though
hahahahah that just means I'm stupid hahah
#immvt information literacy insomnia has struck. Brain going fast fast fast.
Breakfast was delich! Workout great till I was interrupted but I enjoyed Talking story...besides it was just the morning grind ;0) NOW SUN!
my comment to you about me unfollowing is! I unfollow cause you wasn't following back,very simple Good Day
The State Department recently announced that effective today, Ap 13, it will adjust visa processing fees for both nonimmigrant & imm visas.
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Venezuela. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Walk of shame. But all I did was pass out on a couch
Starting this week, Christy and Ignatiy reach into the vault and present classic episodes of Sneak Previews!
Bulls season isn't done, even if D rose is. We beat the heat by like 20 w/o him. Fuck it. Let's go Bulls!
meh...still at work and it's been a rough day. but less than an hour left! how are you?
"Xcel Energy is now offering prescriptive rebates on LED lighting"
Ride-On!
“: Surround yourself by the people who you can be yourself without being judged .” couldnt agree more
RT : CEP + #Ehcache in a #BigMemory world. Look out folks. It is game-changing!
dinner cooked, lunch packed, clothes ironed 4 work, bath.....time 2 relax....thank GOD 4 peace....GN!
Agreed. Scrutiny of quality of in-course student experience as facilitated by instructor is hard for many reasons.
Happy thanksgiving to my Zombies!!!!
Just a couple more weeks I think I can hold off for that long *lies to himself*
I wish Potter's House was in NY. I would so go. It's worth it. The energy, vibe, teaching, presences & word...is so worth it!
I would have liked it if it was april! Lol
“ A man who causes fear cannot be free from fear. ” — Epicurus
What's your fantasy?
Welcome to the BIG 12
Gone shake that booty , you got money to make with that booty .
#MarcStaahl wins it!!!!
TCU and Boise have played in BCS games recently RT And mine never has. The reality of the non-AQ, whether in the MWC or Indy
What pitfalls did you encounter?
is getting geared up for the U2 concert
I totally contemplated the idea of it today. Went with broccoli instead. fail.
Sexual predator.
Do our bodies work differently than they did in 1959? It sure feels that way (or is it just me?).
possessed people at our school smh
As soon as they let these IPO's off watch that hoe drop like a fly.
You're my hero.
awkward moment when im come off twitter, and then find out justin bieber is coming to NYC soon <3 #thethingsimiss <3
Monster, how feel? Creatures lie here, looking through the windows.
Let's me feel like I'm there. Thanks for the pics and get more twittering going on!
Da Best team won NY Giants! That was a great game last night!
Merry Christmas xoxo RT back please!!
So happy for ! One day will follow me too(:
If by looking @ your avi I can't tell if you male or female I'm un-following you. Sorry-n-shit.
i am thrilled as well. but on the real, you were more cynical when you lived in brooklyn
at this moment i would like to be a fashion blogger GaG
Haddadi didn't want any part of that Blake Griffin dunk
So unhappy but safe as could be...
wow well congrats. I bet shes going to be very cute
Friend and iFitFamily writer Rachel Ettinger is featured in Oxygen magazine for April as a "Future of Fitness" Pick up your copy 2day!
it's worth it. Maybe wants to watch, too.
wants BRAINS! actually, recommends keep in sync with the main repo; take advantage of other minds working on
Especially a computer that's so slow that it's like pushing an elephant thru a garden hose!
Will DM details.
Is that your puppy in your profile pic? So cute!
Watching the #Liege-bastogne-liege with my 2 kids. 23k left..Gilbert & team looking good.
I know you wear brown shoes with black pants but would you wear black shows with brown pants?
"Don't mistake activity for achievement"
Gala dinner sure to be talent rich
Have you ever tried our IMPERIAL WAGYU SHORTRIB – horseradish-potato puree, braised winter cabbages, crispy leeks, natural jus
Omg I'm really craving these noodles I get from elephant bar 🐘
A dusting of snow = Half day of work... I like NC!!
Johm Michael Liles, Ryan Millers buddy, just kicked his friend when he was down
I heard bout you guys frumm ---and it's so slicccckkkk! FF!
Following you! Follow back :-)
two months I think.
Can't get your children to eat meat? Mix them a TeamVic Matrix shake and they will get quality protein and nutrition.
totally agree. "the key is a Dr that listens" tks :)
If you guys tweet us, we'll definitely talk about it!!!
Decided to take the high road and act like I didn't know who he was. Introduced myself. Asked him what his name was. We're BFFs now. ;)
Looking to highlight the best. Who is your favorite guitar player?
ROFL!!! Tay?? Big head?? That's from your side of the family.
you should be in town!! Wtf!?!? :p
Im a fricken retard sometimes....
totally agree
At work listening to my iheartRadio and it makes me feel like I'm on vacation somewhere .. Lol
We think about how to re-create inspiring, human relationships digitally. is a huge inspiration to us.
You Sir have excellent taste - Go !
Enjoy the rest of your Sunday...........and remember God loves you and Angie loves you too
I hate homework where you have to think. UGH
And it's my job, to keep you strong.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss you...
I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet, go to 11Alive's FB page & "tag" me with a comment. Please RT
How does everyone feel about the new album? Love it? Hate it? Indifferent? Not going to pick it up because you despise ?
"I like being a woman, even in a man’s world. After all, men can’t wear dresses, but we can wear the pants." — Whitney Houston R.I.P!
Julian Moore reveals: "I wear mascara when I'm feeling depressed." ... Do you have a beauty pick-me-up?
oh hahaha thats weak , I thought someone from school :p
o im glad i dnt have any kids thoo !! lol
too funny! Haha
Imagine Your Events got a big shout out from Pastor Petty from PGBC yesterday. Yes we will be successful, because we love what we do!
Oh sorry, it's called "RemoteDroid". It's in the market.
We'd love to see a Snip.it collection from you on proactive health!
i wish i could close my eyes and then open them and be in nashville
Gotta go! Be back later! (:
Follow me and share me! I'll Do the same:D
re: Me too. And super nice to fans. Their music always brings a smile. In other words, = instant happy.
He's 2 busy lowering state flags #Christiecansuckit : Chris Christie vetoes New Jersey same-sex marriage bill
12 hours is nothing....... How you livin' Jay?
that's some BS ... wow.
yay! you got it :)
No You aint :/
I may be poor, but I still have my good looks!
Yay! Can't wait to watch...
If your attendance is excused or if it's a blue pass it shouldn't be counted agents you as a 10 day absent 😒
Don Mashak&#39;s Montgomery County, Alabama Free Press: Minnesota ...
When I think of beautiful people I think of people that make everyone around them feel good. #theladyI'mabout
You are the reason I still believe the best is yet to come <3
Madden: don't spend $ on offenders who will commit new crimes, or those offenders who won't. Focus $ on those who could go either way.
So excited. Made me dance dance dance!!!! :-)
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. ease follow me ? :) :)
Them Swarming!!! Please Trade ! &
It's time to prove that team basketball can overcome any individual talent ... (cough) knicks....(cough). Excuse me.
Want to see Childish Gambino at the New Daisy on Wednesday? Tag and in a tweet and you might win a ticket!
Whatt You Doing
I like it. Looks like a chorus to me...
“: You playing tonight or bumped down to 3rd string now? RT : Yawn just waking up”<~ lmao
All of the books in the world contain equal a broadcast as video in a large American city in a single year not all bits have equal value
I assume thats a good thing you just said about him? Why now when he has been Tony Hush, not Plush.
yess.boo hope.to.c u.2 morrow.funds provided
tip to all re: obesity - blame and stats are less relevant than solutions. Nature + whole food access + play
Watching Donnie Darko for the hundredth time love this movie
I think she's trying to grid my gears
thank you!! I know now how you must feel about your precious boy!
I hear "sarge at arms" nearly had to take up arms today, eh?
I can remember Robin signing autographs one night, must have been thousands, and everyone he was smiling! many will miss him!
I'm going twilight over s new phrase! lol
Wow i wish you were where trusting.
how about presidents trophy winners just playing better and with heart in general
I will now do a twitter friendly real-time reaction to all my upcoming geek movie trailers
Sounds fun!!
why would I miss you when already tells me what you doing ;) lmfao! ♥
The only things we ever keep are what we give away. – Louis Ginsberg
well I think we have C!
U a lmfao lol bt I still love ya
there will be females where you #flaking at
Feels good to be told that I'm a awesome girl, and beautiful and being surprised... ;)
Do you really need to see an ID?
I miss my bestfriend! :/
D3 offering sincere congrats to candidates: K.H., R.P. & N.H.! Also, well wishes going out today to M.G. from D3!
Really enjoyed #BarcampCLT today. Thank you to everyone involved for making it such an awesome time!
Dear CGRN members. First Give-away day is tomorrow from 11am to 2pm. Contact for more info; Become a mbr to participate.
FORMAL WAS SO AWESOME!!!!! i had a great time with !!!
Thanks a bunch for spreading the word . You rule !!
thanks for the follow. We will let you know when we are in Chicago!
It ticks me off when Ur being a little bitch for no reason
Hosting Christmas Day festivities, so had to spend Christmas Eve cleaning house. Bright side: little time to witness #Cowboys loss.
I got 1002 followers. Prettyy beastt. Thanks for the follows:)
Hockey is usually a little more exciting than this, right?
The guy from the David Blaine youtube video is in a USPS commercial and it's freaking me out
I got an iphone ... 2nd change of life
im gettin' ready to go to one special place lol :D <33
": I didn't reheat pizza leftovers... I ate em cold. #GutsyCall"
lol *cancel request cancel request!* and hope they don't get email notifications
Finally..Bobby V will announce the back-end of the rotation tomorrow. What combination of Aceves, Bard and Doubront do you think it will be?
Just kidding! Its FUCKING ADVENTURE TIME!!!!!
blah mandatory employee blah.
hahaha damn, don't make it sound like a chore.
Writing all day tomorrow! Also we will be posting a new video with a sneak peek of a NEW SONG!!! Thanks again for following, see ya soon!:)
My goodness
Suck it Up Saturday: Endurance
:) RT You were the 500th person I followed! You're the 500th person I'll probably never actually read any of your tweets
absolutely! Please register on our site.
LincolnsDC ought be a must-have for Civil War buffs. Neat gifting for Presidents Day treats.
Excited for the trip to MOMA to see Diego Rivera exhibit with my brothers
"I love you." I said. "Did you put the money on the dresser?" she replied
Loving the March issue!!
Ended up 4-3 tonight on our Locks which were given for Free. For Sunday, we have 9-$10 Locks available each backed with 120% MB GUARANTEE!
man it's about that time
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." - The Dalai Lama
5. Find ur own hedgehog (what ur passionate abt+wired for+where u can b useful in way society values) #ASTD2012 Collins
Hi Alisha, thanks for following, now following you too. As a veteran producer/engineer I wish you the best!
Predictions for #CAbarexam : Con Law, Evid, Torts, Wills/Trusts, Bus Ass, PR. Good luck guys.
I really love the part when she was being carried
I'm proud of you. You did it. I'm gonna see you walk the stage like I promised.
You dont know-oh-oh You dont know your beautiful (:
Goodnight everyone, love yall and good luck to everyone who is testing tomorrow(:
i need to hit the lottery ... what 4 digit number should i play?
where to?
Trying to get my niece into #Egyptology . She's way more excited about the #HungerGames soundtrack. Can't think why.
I miss u even though I know u don't miss me.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
I really wanna get Snake Eyes, but my GF disapproves. >-<
I just hit 5,000 views a month for the first time!
haha I had a feeling you would enjoy that one. This goes to show that it's not good to get me angry. And right back at you :)
Before all work in the basement, Caitlin and I review Spider Protocol: I must immediately and silently remove any spiders that fall on her.
sounds Terrible
Yes! Why is she not much more well-known?
Apparently Robot Unicorn Attack is not going to be on my final tomorrow...need to seriously rethink my studying strategy.
I can't beleive the #Astros are ahead of the #Brewers in the standings! AL take the 'Stros already, we could use the help.
You will!! Make sure to watch the show & see how we did it RT : I am going to be a part of this club in 2012
HA! Plzzzz with some sugar on top. : Oh please pick Jindal, Romney!
Reminds me that I should really invest in a new pair of jean overalls - those things were awesome.
I have a really bad gut feeling, and they're usually right... I just hope Nick is okay while he's at work...
Will RJ be at any of the Spurs camps?
Was supposed to move tomorrow. Now...next week.
NIGGA SAID HE GOT SWAG ROCKIN CORDUROY SLIPPERS WIT DRESS PANTS.
Do I see a job in nutrition in your near future?
Was gonna say something, but I've never seen you so happy.
RT : If Im not mistaking i see my cousin in future new video! Lol |
Kyle deserved it. Should have won.
Happy Hump day ! Have a great day everyone!
Stoked to be apart of it man!!
Very welcome re: wi-fi. This is the way that it should be. Open access for information sharing
Everyone be sure to tell mom thanks for vetoing that facial that one time long ago.
Hoping everyone is having a pleasant pleasing #TGIF morning. Clear sunny skies here in the DC Metro area. A cool calming breeze.
you'll have to catch Jessic Kirson's act at the Gotham! It's awesome!
A closed mouth won't get fed
two days late
I love smart phones. I hate my
We have no one to blame but ourselves...
sleepy head
Sweet! Can't wait to hear all about it!
Thanks! It was an honor to be a part of such a kickass day. Wish we could have stayed longer.
Your musician’s personality can add much to the marriage ceremony and can make or break your reception. Select wisely
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE If you ain't talking money, then what are you talking bout homey?
well if Mr Jones likes them then they should be great :-)
I can't blame Melo for this one. Virtually no help from anyone.
Got leather jacket for $7 in Redondo Beach thrift store yesterday. Red Smarty says it's a women's coat. I don't care! Goes w/ my girl jeans!
Supposed to be moving up to the 4th floor today , that's to many more extra stairs ugh 😠
We still on for tomorrow at noon?
That one person who you miss alot, but can't do anything about it.
Back on US soil-tired. Great trip/quality time with Dad/amazing history & 'heart' time in Israel. Good to have an American cup o java today!
nothin serious I jus need a nap gettin frustrated
New issues of List, Cheaptoys, and Culture Slut coming soon!!
On Central East of Coors, and yes, it's worth the drive.
eventually I'll have to find a decent pic of me...for now I just use cool lookin' stuff as my profile pics
Excited for the miXfactor tomorrow! Hope to see you there!! ( :
My colleague Miguel Helft and I are at Apple, liveblogging the company's "Back to the Mac" press conference on nytimes.com/bits.
today is going to be special.... I feel it.
Nice piece today. Sad but true.
Remember when Rachel Crow collapsed after being booted from The XFactor? That was good TV. #WhereIsSimon?
Good Morning!!
many blessings to all my twitter friends! have a good day! <3
We are a #Coats for Colorado Drop Off Location! Stop by with your coats so someone else can stay warm this year!
HOD/Nikita had been neck in neck with Ringers ratings. The knew one of the 3 would go but Witch one? SMG is now pregnant so
np - Kid Cudi - Enter Galactic (Love Connection part 1) omg
I've been a customer since 10/01 but that last straw is just about to break my back - instant videos show up but aren't avail...
Best EPL finish ever? Thanks Joey Barton!
Cuteness!! Kinda looks like our dog. She's an Akita named Brinkley:-)
We are trying to decide on a Hackathon at #CTIA this year.
It's still my birthday for 4 more minutes so let me just say THANK YOU Y'ALL for your good wishes. Here's to making a speedy recovery. :)
silly orthodox Jews.
give a follow
Novak is not THAT good! Come on now, he's no Jesus Shuttlesworth
I love how when I was sick no one gived a flying eff about me yet when my brother is he goes to the doctor and everyones worried
I'm sorry doll! Yes. I deleted my fb a while ago. :-(
I really like you
E-Portfolio: Students personality really shines through in each of their own portfolios, creating their own digital identity
yeah I saw that too That's a girl who took my pic from facebook. And I don't see how but ok.
Damn I love the smell of a cardamom!!!
Clouds in the sky crabs on the table cold drink in the hand it's a great day!
shame on you taking vacation now :p
i gotta have that show me that cat put you on yo stomach get to hittin you from the back have heart attack she really really strapped
NELA's web pages seem to be down at the moment...
#YESmaybe RT : Ignorance doesn't have an age RT : They are too old to be doing this....
I totally hear you. I bought the 5 disc The Complete Adventures of the Style Council!
I REALLY want to go to weenie roast
In the words of Sade cherish the day because no one is promise tomorrow.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
congrats! is that still in Springfield?
Fantasy Football is killing Real Football
That's sweet of you :)
thats why im getting a camo coat :)
Paypal Standard doesn't make sense. The objective of our service is save businesses money and make money available more quickly.
Grateful that the music is blessing you :)
Sure, ya don't... *cough cough* "Stripes on ya face like a Zebra, I call tha jungle feva" lol
maybe we're embracing it?
They always come runnin back lol that's the funny part!! Did I miss something?
We are what we think.
It was so awesome, huh? I can't hear that song w/o going back to that night either!
Hey, what'r u guys up to tonight? I'm sitting on my balcony enjoying this beautiful weather.
I don't know...I felt a big emptiness in the force when you were gone. Friday feels right with you here.
yup yup. Hope you like Jager. We would be taking some Jager bombs. Lol.
YES! (I think I'm an all-caps abuser... are there meetings for that?)
All GOD want is 4 us 2 step out on FAITH & he will show u that he will never leave u
One week until Cow Appreciation Day. Dress like a cow and get a FREE Chick-fil-A meal. That's right - a free meal!
KUTE !! with a capital K !
Thanks Cindy! #fordla All of you, too! Great show. : great to see you last night!
yes it is so u stfu
2 ConnectingCircles in #Boston in March! Let's grow that city! Free to join now from there!!!!
Opening HLA speaker: Anne Balsamo, USC on "designing culture: tech imagination at work".
lmao!! Shut up dude
B cruisin to french montanna. Like the old days
En route to CT. Quick cousins stop in Greenwich!
Thanks for noticing us! I vouch for RT
You really never have a pt. Wisc. LOST jobs in last year, dead last in job creation in USA.
Bummer, you will be missed...
probably because he wasn't dressed in an 18th century costume..
“: good times last night fellas, great to meet all of you” Ditto sir!
Completely the opposite of what just said ": "we're looking for consistent singles, notgrand slams"
metadata as a graph - corey harper
that's just awesome.
nah but I really do like the dude .
I'll try A!!! ps- thank you so much for the card/pics, so so sweet. It meant so much!
My weekend starts now
cloudy day in cheeseland..... making cookies and going to watch the PACKERS beat DA Bears!
are you interested in doing a help! webinar? I'd love more gov data topics
Wrapped at 5 am. Now im watching the beautiful sunrise on my drive home.
My first beer of American Craft Beer Week: Donner Party Porter in Truckee,Ca
Publisher Dr. Eileen Hulme proposes that #SApro offices have exchange programs to gain new perspectives. What do you think?
>News ZoiVi( New Company Listing ) ZoiVi, founded in 2010 and based in North Carolina, markets a "complete purification system for a heal
It's August 1st... You know what that means! First 5 people to post August's birthstone win a free jewelry cleaner. Ready, Set, Go!
WORD! Good Lord, #shesannoying : Courtney NEEDS TO GO
RT : Cooper-Hewitt Members: RSVP for April 25 Private Viewing of Print/3D Exhibition at Material ConneXion-...
Great social media class by
Thank you all for your interest, support and orders. Thank you for helping make a difference. Have a Great Wednesday!
One Thing After Another
don't expect much, matt :-)
This NBA game is very entertaining.
It's cold here indoors. Is the heat wave here yet?
YouTube or Hulu will right your ship.
Why old women so intimedated by young women
meeeeeooowwwwww!!!! - i agree ;) anything for our next generation!
i'm all about that cheese danish
Fan off = Dying of heat, Fan on = Freezing cold. -___-
My life might niot be as bad as yurs. But u told me i was one of yur best friends. Don talk shit
Ah this crazy world! YING YANG TWINS HAVE A FIST PUMP SONG LOL
Yeah, it hasn't been too slammed (hence being able to tweet).. I think it's hunger-enduced crankiness!
Thanks for the movie tip Jade!! We gotta get you on the to get your request on soon!!
yes :) im following!
Would love to be in on the conversation!
What race/class doe
Havin a beer at the oldest bar in America with my boy
LIVE RIGHT NOW! LOST OF THE COUNCIL PRODUCTIONS AND T SCOTT ON THE PULSE! With POWER 98.3 Where Hip-Hop Lives!
Sushi and Saporo. It's dinner
hope everyone had a great Halloween. a bit strange for us New Yorkers b/c we had snow. lol
Way to go Giants!!! Now for The Voice!
Merry Go Round Tour
I haven't - will check them out! Gracias!
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
I dont understand. LOL well guess there is just a lot in this world we will never understand.
Holy smokes...jelly fish have caused a power outage in Manila, shut down a nuclear power plant in Sweden. That's it....I'm boycotting Jello!
Dam shit just ain't right I should've stayed where I was at til I got my shit right I can't help u n its killing me what am I to do :'(
if y'all don't win this contest, I'm going to go on a rampage & break some faces. ..or I'll just cry. But yeah. Good luck!!
I just took an Ambien & I can't wait for this bitch to kick in.
gonna start coming on here more <3
Thank u!!
Yeah, has a 800 number you call into and you can post audio to your blog from it.
not sure. It was a part of the cu Denver guitar festival. I hope they start touring again though!
Follow my girls for updates! <3 #TEAMFOLLOWBACK .
dear john is the shit !
I want too much music equipment. Must.Resist.
there is something seriously wrong with that...
Out in Hoboken.. Like how I ended up with Packer colored beads!
I believe the councilwoman approached Wegmans. 1problem was the footprint. Not avail in 7. Chk w/her office.
Patience + Persistance = Perseverance
my booty is inappropriate sometimes.
going to shred! Stamp it.
The OCLC kid looks slightly demonic....
The Pirates used 3 players at 1B today with a combined 29 years of MLB experience. In those 29 years, those 3 players played 49 games at 1B.
he got Parker on ls
Haha damn straight that ish, can't be beat lol . Can't belive he let u put that up
Red eye flights always seem like a good idea at the time.
Finding a spell-checker Firefox add-on for published pages might be the most life-changing thing I've ever found
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
It MUST have bourbon, right? Just got back from KY, and that looks delish!
VIDEO: Self-hacking for marketers from floor of #ces bit.ly/w8K8os w/
I'm sure family has dibs on those.
i saw another scheduled for next week, in the forum.
Here Comes The BS.
When forgets to shave me... and do it. To be honest, they do a better job.
Beg to differ my friend, the bro and I have thrown down some VH in our old band and he can still lay out 'Eruption' today.
skizo? I don't remember what's his name lol
Find your pace and enjoy the moment. Races are special: have fun. No need to stress.
Wrote my first ever recommendation letter today. A bit worried that it actually might not be any good.
:-) Hotel pillows are often big and not directly proportion with our neck. Make use of small neck pillows.
I'm sick of rude comments (#rush limbaugh), tired of negative ads, and thoroughly disgusted with hypocrits. Be civil. Be positive. Be real!
Wait a couple months and your guna see you'll never find no one better then me :)
whenever we have another family get together
Good night!!!!!
“: Those who just missed SNL's opening "Linsensitive" skit are going to want to watch it when it posts online.”. 11:30 pm PST!
Fraley and Grimes drive in two runs off singles to give North Texas an early 2-0 lead.
Really wanted to get to Westchester Jazz Orchestra "Monk meets Mulligan" show last night but too much going on. Hope it was a good show!
switch camera to pit road and then top (or view you want). Don't hit zoom again. Temp fix.
“ what kinda guns do bee's have? BB Guns! lmfao! 😂😭🔫 *knee slapper*” <<<< definately not!
Thanks to The Country Doctors, the California Clipper and for Burning River! Great show, great bar and great beer!
It's too bad you're not a hockey fan too because then my shit would be golden.
Aww they're crying :o shoot I feel like it to . . .
Didn't know you're a musician whose band is releasing a CD. You can count on my support!
I guess the hating didn't work so now they telling lies!!
wow so it arrived right on time! Your a winner love and drama only slows us down! Keep it fresh and push on! Muah
Nah I'm going home to DC. But I'll be up on weekends to party and kick it. You?
So true! It's how we use SM : No time like the present to create a health care SM policy bit.ly/p2QWMo
Im Not Gonna Lie The First Time I Started Talking To You I Didnt Know You Would End Up Being This Important To Me In My Life <3, #ILoveIt <3
I meant the*** not there
im bored af at my desk!!
Patrick Kane was here in Wisconsin when he was getting drunk and getting thrown out of clubs (allegedly). I coulda been in his entourage...
Above? That's unfair to sandwich artists.
... If he played for the Knicks, my guess is the Knicks are a lottery team this year.
Water main break causes sinkhole SE 109th and Division. Traffic closed one lane each way. Will be this way through the morning at least.
I think that's so cool.
Yacine Baroudi Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
awww i feel awesome my bf just offered to get me a new ipod after I ruined mine <3
Haha guys... We need to be more appreciative of our professors... they make Georgetown great
it is a good day!!
Moving on to chapter 14..is it too late to become a rock star instead of a writer? Better shoes, less isolation.
Thanks for asking He's doing better. In a lot of pain still. Good Times.
's perfume was inspired by ?
how did i know you would still be up:)
canceling the "writers' houses" Google Alert....
where u been hiding ? LOL
Today's Marketing by the Numbers seminar was excellent. Lots of usable, quantifiable information and relatable examples shared.
Vic So'oto must be bad too then? on OLB Ricky Elmore: "...one of Ted Thompson’s worst draft choices ever." Yikes.
isn't that a shoe? lol
#weirdShitIUsedToDo pretend I was a vampire slayer.
#PACKthePAC! TIME TO STAND UP! STOP CITY LAYOFFS! STOP SCHOOL CLOSINGS! THE STATE OF NEWARK @ NJPAC - 3/1 @ 4:30PM (1 Center St) BE THERE!
-- Blah Blah Blah, Stop Cryin!
Attending #NCTM12 & interested in becoming an online tutor? Stop by booth #1314 & find out more information!
Hey BJ how do you feel about the DQ on the card, and Joe confronting Mazagatti about it?
playing a block party outside of maple leaf from 7 to 9 tonight. Post jazzfest party! Come get funky with us!!!
Pele: "Now everyone is talking about Messi; he is a star. But [to be the best ever] he must first become better than Neymar." That's a joke
Yes, longer days are a sign.
Follow back
dude we need to have a Mets fan bbq at your home lol...you be the cook haha.
Aw, that's pretty.
this #clooneywatch nonsense is silly. and he's filming 3 doors from my work tomorrow. #lookoutjoe is gonna be busy!
I'm glad, too! More than glad.
you going to pasadena to watch CR7 play in july?
is a single laaaddaaaaaayyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!
is my mexico mistress, whisking me away as a gift from this christmas.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Interesting how what the rich & Right call "freedom" is for most of us serfdom. They want "freedom" to exploit and enslave us. No.
As of today I am shorting the s&p 500 with gusto. target is early December. The bear rally is over.
Wishing all the #moms a happy mother's day and special wishes to - a great role model & mom in today's music industry!
