U're welcome :D thank you too XD
Now up: Peggy McGarry, director of Sentencing and Corrections at Vera Institute for Justice.
Hey everyone. I got hacked earlier today. Don't open any link from me today.
Two fiddy (2.50) Tuesday! Come on down for delicious dog in the sunshine!
I don't think I have ever worn one of those paper smocks at a doctor's office that I DIDN'T tear before I even got it on.
Thanks..it was great to be there.
People call me weird,they call me crazy,they also call me different but it's ok 'cause i think i like to be different.....
#sdmayornp SD has an environment, beaches, sunshine - but no environmental plan.
Waiting for Megabus back to Philly after a full day in NYC. Good time with my dad and his wife. :) They're visiting me in Philly in 2 weeks.
Im not liking this though..
Mane my nigga #steve #francis got a song out
tix to see the Cast of Modern Family LIVE at #RuthEckerdHall Apr 25th at 8p with the
I usually work on weekends as well and offer 24hr emergency service, just depends on the weather at the coast. lol
I don't want to sound like to much of a badass but... I play with the Wii strap off
fer real
Pretending to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are.
I feel all alone sometimes......yeah And i dont like being alone ):
Getting ready for tomorrow's new client orientation!
yes boo?
May Day protests show weak US immigration movement
'You could play pin the element on the table!'
Not sure why or how i agreed to go to an oultet mall in DFW with Nicole and Ally and 100000000 of our closest friends. #really bad idea
It's hard to tell students to always be charging when you don't make sure they are able to do so.
What's up? lol
👋😜👋 I'm ready, I'll squeeze you so tight you won't be able to breathe
Oh, the Grammys are on? Goody! I've been wanting to watch "KItten With A Whip!" Now here's the perfect excuse! See ya!
Hello great people Big red ball on Sat Noght at 11/ Whitey street Hartford ct jazz and blues 2/11/12
My daughter told me I need to stop "obsessing" over , but I can't help it. He really is the gift that keeps on giving. #DUH!
Facebook I know for a fact I never clicked "like" to Neil Young.
Yeah that sounds about right haha :P
Shit like that pisses me off , I need God's help .
Now they actin like they don't wanna tweet anymore. Skip y'all. LoL.
Will be closed Sunday Christmas day, have a safe Christmas.
All sharp household objects = fair game RT Weapons most likely to read about after Saturday's UK-UL game?Crossbow. Bourbon bottle
I agree. (Because romance novels would be way too easy.)
Thank you! I made myself one that I, literally, wear all of the time. :)
Impossible is not seeing how blessed you really are.
oakland ca now Riot cops stand off with flowers being placed at their feet by protests 4 min they will use chemical agents
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
Happy birthday Enjoy your last bday as a Campbell :). I love you.
lol hell yea
If doesn't win #DragRace the National Guard will be on standby in the Castro.
What happened to destiny's child?!?!?
The first amendment. Read it sometime.
There's like 5 of these fairs! None of them make any sense or money. It's like A-town identity crisisness all over again
RT : Is it time to make changes? Start today, there's a dietitian waiting to help :) Happy Registered Dietitian Day!
I get off at six, but I hazzz plans. Text me, wohhhmun.
Great month so far for my company, close few national & Int'l TV deal for my weekly SDK-Strykerz fight TV show
Winter jam was amazing !!!
"Welcome home son!"
Watching some Rocky movie with my dad.
Ppl never cease to amaze. Reactions to situations are questionable. I swear I love being me & having a strong determination!!
Seriously wtf - is the new Afterdark club location next door? LOL this music is not mixing well with my Hulu choices
Good Morning to u ! Hope u have great day too!
With their sixth pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, Denver selects DE Malik Jackson, Tenn.
God will build you deep and long; so that He can spread you strong and wide.
Is this your car?
lol omg i miss you!!!!
Love refs and captains pretending they have any idea what just happened
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
Silent velcro...you lucky motherfucker... #garden state
We are "stewards of the mysteries of God. Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful."~1 Corinthians 2:1-2
What you do you think of the #Fujifilm Instax 210?
how're you?
Thank you
Did you try #KoloaFishMarket? Best in the South RT Four straight days of eating Poke for lunch. Officially addicted. Thanks
Any time I see someone driving and digging in their nose I always think "is that what I looked like five minutes ago...?"
I don't know you, but I appreciate your #hlth reporting. I wish you all well--even if your job is safe, atmosphere must be awful.
And since I made it here I kno I can continue on - Hi-ke
This Lin kid is fun to watch! All he does in Lin Lin Lin no matter what!
To be a TRUE player you need to know HOW to play.
There were TWO plastic knives in my single knife package... is that lucky? Should I buy a lottery ticket???
Tony LaRussa, the most classy man in baseball
Good luck with finals everybody! #homestretch /yd
Our Featured Gallery today is our #BarackObama #Art Prints & Posters Collection. We recently added a lot of new items!...
Since none of you are here I'm going to play my music as LOUD AS I WANT!
Congratulations to the American U Class of 2012 and Happy Mothers Day to the women in our lives who keep/kept us safe and warm.
haha... that's not what I was saying.
Does it make sense for IBM to buy Sun? Like a cloudy day pretending to be sunny it does...
Are we still on for noon today? Let me know! And, can we make it 12:30?
DID YOU KNOW - the opening round of the #NHLPlayoffs had 14 total OTs, which were the most since the record 15 in 2001.
Wishing attendees to #AAA2011 the very best! Wish I could be there. Warm thoughts for U de M students and McGill support staff too!
Alex Merg, Quardell Young, Lou Chapman from the nat'l champ MBB team joins us on #liveatdaybreak at 8:45 this AM
RT : Step out in your favorite purple ensemble and help raise awareness about domestic violence on March 29!
Workout done! Now getting ready to head up to the Nugget Market in El Dorado Hills! If ur around come by 12-2p
I need to start looking for a small bike.
is your location on 157 and bluemound Brookfield WI wheelchair friendly? Social Media Club Milwaukee meeting next week.
I'm about to take a drill to my skull so I can get that damned Donna Summer song MacArthur Park unstuck from my head
Going in and out of sanity at this hour.
Text Me!!!
Saw Beatlejuice last night for the first time in 15 years. It was awesome. It really holds up. I wanna go back and watch the cartoons now.
We're pumped for you to be here!
I noticed.
nice piece this am. Schiller mustve known how distorted the 11 min. clip was. Why not appeal to NPR to hold off on firing?
please follow me back
I think it should be an automatic card for any player who makes a card gesture at the ref suggesting that his opponent should be booked
I know you're just saying that....
that awkward moment when you go to 7 eleven on 7/11for free slurpees and there are no more...
Honestly, I think today was one of the best birthdays I've had in a long time. <3
PG tips on tips on tips on tips
“ The Saban Factor: Alabama had $124.5 million in revenue in 2011, up from $67.7 million in 2006.” and Faculty bitch and gripe.
i tweeted
NEVER KNEW IT COME DOWN D TO DIS SMH!!
A check out them tweets G!
A round of disc golf with -when i grow up i want to be able to play like him
Failed senior survey q&a's, abridged: in high school, you couldn't live without: friends (so I can talk about them behind their backs).
The Easter holiday and Passover are almost here. Make sure you take a moment and reflect before it all passes by us.
Doris Burke just said that Kobe and Bynum started to get to know each other at this yrs AllStarGame after 8 seasons as teammates
#SDschools meeting opens with some angry public comment (for a change) All board members present
Fitness consultation at #FFC involved more consultation than fitness. But leads up to first ever personal training session on Thursday.
They are amazing live! I told you! lol! I will always remember my Monkeys show too :)
Yep, he said it last time too, didn't he??
Top beauty tool - Micro needle roller . Increase product absorption , stimulate collagen and elastin for firmer more youthful skin . Use
Great food at the bbq, everyone loved it!
thats an excellent choice for a second office!
Lmbo a lot of girls were attacking you!!
Westbrook just coolin right now doe
Katy Perry on the Adidas commercial ♥
Very misleading...I don't want to have to download it every flippin' time!
Stop by and visit us on this glorious, sunshiney day! Free, live jazz music today from 1-3pm, along with beautiful photography to view.
#MARKCUBAN #SKECHERS #MR.QUIGLEY front runners for best commercial
I did it!! 6-mile trail run w/ my sis! Saw 97 lizards, 6 bunnies, 2 birds, & ONE SNAKE...& I was CALM LIKE A BOMB!
Well then I've got some good news for you...
Can't wait for the summer
Ziplock reusuable storage containers are my favorite
So im moving out of my apartment in a month, and I finaly find an awesome chinese place. Lol
Ouch. A hater.
We have tried you good people of the public and we have found you wanting - R. Schneiderman Remember the Triangle
I miss Orlando already and I've only been home two days. It's going to be a long few weeks!
Thanks for the support!
I know that feeling. It might be also your subconscious preparing to leave for Cali. I hope we cross paths again soon.
whats up star?
oh, but of course. And you can loan her some boarder gear, too--have anything laying around the office that will fit her? ;-)
Oh I see, the old "it was all a dream trick"
lol ok. what is it about?
CONGRATS AUSTIN <33333 gonna go to subway and throw a party (;
My life is looking up! Im still going to have big steps to climb but we almost there... #TeamGo&GetIt
If only we got crowds like this at home basketball games...
Finally in my bed! 😍😌
I'm late to the game on this, but the video for "Lonely Boy" from The Black Keys is wonderful.
Soo.. Where in the world are you right now while using Paltalk? And do you use Paltalk Mobile when you are on the go?
You look so much better when you smile :)
I almost forget what it feels like to kiss someone!
Great words: RT : Knowledge isn't power, only the action you take with it is. What will you ACT ON today?
wow already....she just txt me back
Nothing to do and only 11?
Yep. Looking at it now. Thanks.
When are you coming to DC?! Why do you hate my city....
Oh snap, Melvin. You saved the shit out of those changes!
it is delicious. Had a trip planned to the brewery but it fell through. :(
Dear Twitter, you should get a "bitch stole my tweet" button
Makes you wonder what the other 28% of men working on Wall Street think of as their priority!
Remember to cite your sources inside your research paper! This means in the paper and at the end. This is very important.
we are playing but the CD won't be done yet. Stoked to play too.
ok ok ok here we go!!!! the votes have been calculated and we have a winner!!!
loved it! You guys looked amazing!
Got contacted from another company looks like I'm doing another show may 18th stay posted for details
Romans 8:11 (NLT) says, “The Spirit of God, who raised Jesus from the dead,lives in you.”
Thank you for being so amazing. You send me a "Books Due" email but you let me renew them anyway.
if its true its stupid
Teaching web evaluation today. How do you teach it?
Ha ha no, with an f! It wasn't horrible, though he did read the nutritional value for everything in my fridge.
rocked the tonight! Love your music C:
you at the vogue?
No I did not. I just remember my Solihull mate being a little astonished lol and saying "Er Alright America lad!" haha.
Still looking for a way to sell video-on-demand in #Virtuemart So far commercial solutions are encrypted or hack core or try to encrypt core
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY! GO GIANTS
I can't wait to get off work and see it!!!!!
Roses are red, violets are blue, we have lots of wine and sangria waiting for you...Doors open at 5:00pm...Happy Hour ends at 7:00pm.
“We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.”
Mckenna: new audiences now, coming thru twitter stream, etc. bring wider diversity of opinion and challenge journos.
I just need someone to talk to. To just help me.
This famous male pole dance instructor is coming to town, I'm gonna take a class only b.c. he and this other girl are the best ever.
Travel Alert updated today to alert U.S. citizens to potential for unrest.
follow me to0 brat
I agree! so that all young people will grow with beautiful inside and out.RT : It is time for parents to teach young...
Verdict: all ads should have cute animals.
A spider just descended in to my face. I'm effed up for the rest of the day!!!
Looking to do some design collaborations! Anyone down?
Interesting Update! I know people in Seattle would sure like to have him as a Mariner!
Congrats 2 for outstanding game. Despite elbow/concussion incident he continues to model youthful exuberance, confidence & class.
Maybe that's it. I'm on a PC.
I'm sad
Wow just about a week away until ScribbleFitz on etsy.com will be offering awsome frig magnets! Keep ur eyes open for these!
=*( That hurts & was tough 2 watch. U guys had a great season, sorry 2 see it end that way
Hells yeah! That would be awesome.
“: new york, i fucking love you...” #NYC loves u too
you can count on me to misbehave... primadonna boy...
Safe travels! I was just calling to touch base and will connect with you again soon. I'll definitely be at #Digitini!
Wow! We have reached 100 followers! Thank you for the support :)
Hoot! Hoot!
glad to see your growing up..
could that be an act of class warfare ...
Thank you!! That's a very special song, the first one created for this album. Love your pic!
On the way to #PHX airport, we had the worst cab driver ever! Drained our energy even more. Bye bye AZ
Why does report stories about washed up nobody has beens who were barely relevant 20-30 years ago??
My father, he was orange and my mother, she was green!!
Had the best weekend with my sisters and brother...just the big kids at home ;)
it's morning I want ihop
Put me on your top 8 so I know it's real.
RT : I can't seem to edit the gdoc for DH centers -- is it publicly editable? [crap ... try it now]
What merchants do YOU want to see in our network? Tweet at us the merchant name and neighborhood!
A new one act play on the way...
Casting director of Bridge To Terabithia, thank you. This movie was what, I believe, really started Josh's career.
Happy bday to my sister from another mother
The new year is right around the corner!
ur the hottest thing on twitter!!!!! Thanks hottest women for posting BIBI!!
#Herbs and #minerals are a natural alternative to fight
Mayor Gray Jumpstart is part of the solution. We need to intervene with kids early. 3rd grade is too late. The benefits are exponential.
Damn what about me? I never feel the love
We'll be sharing specials this afternoon too so be sure to give us a follow!
Welcome to the world of twitter! Look forward to sharing your weekly
Night night twitter birds lol
:D Morning!~"Sunshine!"~Hope you are doing well!...How's the kids? } =^._.^= meow!~Enjoy a purrrfect day!|;) FlashThosePearlies!
It's spring time here mate. Hopefully I won't see snow for a wee while yet.
so weird to think that in a few months everyone here in new york is considered "someone I used to know" or "an old friend from highschool"
#awkward Please don't answer. ": "These big tax breaks trickle down? Is anybody here wet?""
6 pounds down in 4 days...let's do this!
I'm really looking forward to seeing Jonah Hill star in the upcoming remakes of 21 Jumpstreet and Adventures in Babysitting.
Interesting to realize I get as much satisfaction in contributing to kickstarter campaign as to a favorite nonprofit. Prolly a lesson there.
Industry night - 1/2 price bottles of wine from 8-10pm with paystub. come celebrate the end of your week in the weeds...good times to be had
Come to Michigan!!!!!!!
Title Fight, Friends, Captain and Jack TONIGHT at Rocketown. Come sing every word and give me a high five.
#IfItWasUpToMe there'd always be something good to watch on TV...
Had a fantastic talk about the stages of life w/a mentor of mine. It's profound how we often look back and fail to look forward.
his name was Jake Reynolds
i know how much you love virginia and how you will visit me all the time :D
Ahem, what movie marathon? Easier sell if brings his lady!
I know right!
come on Kim some pics please please please :)
I didnt forget just didnt know how it would work this week...how's next Weds.?!!
Art Party TONIGHT (744 Alabama) FREE BOOZE, 7pm-11pm www.theartexplosion.com
Instant gratification w/o even knowing what you think of the photo. Quantity without measure of quality. Absurdly satisfying.
hahaha I was watching a show on my computer! So glad nobody saw me
Fine...so watcha think about this bb and 1d fight?
I paid my taxes so guys with costumes and guns don't come to my house. They'll use it for banker bonuses and child murder.
cracking me up. “: You guys. I'm thinking Arby's. Employees. They probably taste like curly fries.”
lol my bestie couldn't find hers al day and then she found it under her pillow!
I was there when Maya stopped calendar. "Hey Joe, don't u think we've gone far enough on calendar? I'm tired!
ya ever been to vegas sir.. thats my stomping ground
never cheat at all.
Simon Says get the Fuck up... N go to church.....
If a reporter visits your social media site and doesn't see an active audience, they won’t see the relevancy of featuring your in a story.
Dear Dalton, you told me i was pretty when i looked like a mess. Today was a fairytale. Time slows downn <3
face your fears. Come to the dark side. We have booze.
Four Nights, Three Venues and 4,000 Guests Later, the United Way Miami Wine &amp; Food Festival Raises More Than $500,000 ...
fizzling...what the hell am I going to do with all this food? have to eat it anyway.....stupid hurricane is going to make me fat.
Just booked a driving lesson, explaining I'm 28 & my parents made me do this. I haven't heard such hearty laughter in a long time
Thanks for the kind words!
coffee! (different creamer available on this desert isle?)
Perceive fitness to be a lifelong journey rather than a short-term destination.
RT : SaberCats recover the onside kick, down 48-61 w/ under a minute left. Cats on their ninth, and final life.
#Trivia coming up in less than 10 min. The first and third person w/ correct @ reply each win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card. You gotta be local.
like drawing stuff
hey I have a question for you if you're still awake lol
Yeah, found that, but finding nothing about the PKK al-Qaeda stuff we reported on last week. I want the whole thing
#engaged final concurrent sessions: (1) community engagement; (2) anchor instns & quality of place; (3) future of innovation economy
#stm2012 there is a current PDA/PPV option for libraries, C's get it now & many of us are using it.
lol thank you(:
Where's everyone watching the #Brewers vs. #Mets game tonight in #Madison?
New Ameritox Rx Guardian INSIGHT(SM) Report Supports Improved Patient Care ... - Sacramento Bee
thanks Danny! We are still proud of the Swim record
Tossing eggs down a hill - cause that's how I roll....
Happy Mother's Day to every mom! Whether you're expecting, have kids, or are just a mommy to pets, the world couldn't do it without you! (:
And ...... ACTION! Have a great week everybody!
until lamar is back with them its just not the same....I can't set anything in stone yet babe! Baby steps!
Thank you for the follow! We are following back! :)
Why am I never impressed by Notre Dame?
LOL : Nothing says Good Morning America like a story headlined, "Exploding rocks in woman's shorts." I'm listening ...
Jesus Christ said, 'I came not to bring peace, but a sword.
#knicks win + #Yankees win = one happy dude!
My mom made her homemade chilli last night and we had it for dinner tonight. :)
I'm excited about the new Premise #Landingpage upgrade for #WordPress. This plugin does memberships, secure checkouts and more....
Nice job to for his #sx15min talk. Plan to innovate!
it was a special meeting announced less than a day ago...
you're weirder!
nice! It's a pretty interesting look into a unique side of Amish life.
I saw a sneak preview of Star Trek last night and it was AWESOME
Christmas movies and cookie baking :) Today's a #goodday :)
You're such a Rock Star!!
Girl: Jerk. Boy: What did I do?! REALLY!. Please, tell me!. Girl: Fine. You---... Oh I was supposed to be mad at someone ELSE!. Sorry. Hehe?
oh that's a good tid bit! They claim new sizes "offer more space, greater functionality, broader range of user experiences"
Back in the office after a 36 hour whirlwind business trip to Houston. I think I could have slept until tomorrow.
no car and no seaside after prom. FML
Just left doc office for my check up
I just want to say that Fleetwood Mac Rumours album is just wow...so good. And, it was recorded in Sausalito. Just as a bonus
Wow! Freese once again
Wajcman: skeptical towards feminisms that get "carried away by the hype of cyber culture," including that following Haraway...hm
haha, yeah, at least since the Rudy Johnson days
even with the 🐚?
I agree
Who's in on #karaoke Thursday 7p!? #Aville Come sing after work! Shirley's here!
e-mail is blessed. Red Rose/WRSU
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young... but I love you now.
You would. RT : Just saw a cute boy wearing purple jeans. Day made.
when is Celia's late night this week? I need to talk to her but I always miss her
Did I mention that my 16yr old birthday girl will be preaching tonight for her youth group? This makes a mom very proud!!
The answer to tonight's Caffeinated Quiz is ONE degree. Can you believe that small of an adjustment can make such a difference? Conserve!
There's no better time than a candlelight service to remind you that you are called to be a light to the world.
...and we'd answer the phone in shifts. I got the middle shift, because I was the middle child. I couldn't spell, but I answered the phone.
Download GayborhoodApp on the iPhone or Droid to find gay friendly businesses nationwide!
yeaaaaahhh bitch!!!! its the fuckin weekend
yep you too!! It's been to long
Good Morning! “You will never win if you never begin.” - Helen Rowland
Yes, we're based out of San Francisco. Hopefully, we'll have stores in the UK in the near future. Your work is inspiring!
Spent a full three minutes looking for my badge this morning while was wearing it. I'm gonna need some coffee.
Feeling Inspired!!!!!
see you tomorrow :)
drugs are bad.
We would also like to welcome our Legal English group to Harriet Fulbright College!
Kidd-Gilchrist is ridiculous. If he makes it out of the top 3 picks in June, there will be two teams regretting having passed on him.
I'm so excited and happy for you, Chad!
Grab life by the horns!
Fireworks added at DHSon 1/19. This should be fun!
USA vs ENGLAND... Tomorrow (Saturday) at 11:30am, come watch it live!
Q7 No! It contributes to boxing people into convenient labels. I do understand the appeal for adults trying to help kids, but no.
Cloudy morning, ah let it rain.
Now I can puff puff pass with you !!
Skipping school ! Woo
forgetting for a moment what the guru's say, is there that much of a diff between a 3rd rd or a 4th rd wide receiver?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people. Are you stupid?
Lewis Hyde!! "Cultural Commons & Collective Being"
I create my own ritual every day for focusing on a positive state of mind. When I am disciplined, I am following my highest path.
looking over the clothes i just bought for my new sport-golf...we'll see
ha my mom called me just to remind to put pants on because my aunt's coming. wuteven.
Today is National Prayer day!
:) ok what u doing 2morrow its gonna be close to 90
What is this white stuff falling from the sky???
it's already warmed up to 71 degrees... Let's just say I was the only one driving around town with my windows down today...
Sigh. Can't argue with that...and tonight's crowd was 50% Tarholes. We'll be back again, gotta be patient.
Whatever #Salty lol
im so sad about MJ...what a legacy.
What are the types of inmates described by researchers? Explain?
At the OSU BBC idea pitch, pitches about to start
Officially: USC 23, Utah 14 Matt Kalil's game-saving blocked FG returned for a TD by Torin Harris was counted by the Pac-12.
I'm officially going to the DR this summer. Dude.
Create a VCard or Preset text with your contact info & brief introduction. When you meet a new contact send it to them.
it was in cinemex across
Hello world!
They say follow your heart. But when your heart is broken in to million pieces, what are you going to follow?
I remember when it came on, the track really "caught my ear".
#BF3 players should spend less time complaining about weapon balancing and spend a bit more time working on their aim.
thanks for the follow!:)
nope its awesome!! :)
doctors came right in, said he most likely won't win
The Boatman's Call - Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
chubby is more of a semi-boner anyway. i call mine dick pryor
finally her old crusty ass stopped singin
At an IASummit (2009?), Christina Wodtke said that IA/UX was a dead. A good creative designs experience by default. via
In lucerne Switzerland!!! Yodel eh we o!
Spring Cleaning! What are you doing on this Saturday evening?
cause I like vick an d jax an a couple on the jets
+ the physics dorks. But agreed, such a wonderful weekend!!!! <3
making a compelling case for #VGI mapping with
Ok, we have a little challenge for you our followers! The first person to buy something from our Merch store gets an EXTRA added bonus! :D
Co-sign RT : Referees are the only ones who can stop flopping. Stop calling it, guys will stop doing it. Eventually.
New songs really soon! Keep checkin back!
Oh my geez i know i asked this yesterday but please please holler at my girl she is by far your biggest fan!!!!
Did you know that the Redskins are changing their name because it's offensive? Their new name: Washingon REXskins!
I'm 40 miles away. Just had 4.2 aftershock. It is kind of fun, in a "holy shit hope the house is ok!" way!
AFAIK, best #chatbots used to be based on regurgitating past interactions or limited subject matter... That still true?
stop holding your breath lol
Is it just me or is #ModernFamily the most consumable show in the history of man?
I think what Stella are trying to say is, 'if you drink Stella cidre, you are a knob'. Great advert if so, really pushes that msg.
Anything with tentacles!
Next week in going to springleball!
Kansas City I beleive
Thanks to all I can think about is "hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe."
Thank you kindly for your follow,
But i still want my case of beer. Wait, you promised a keg! Pay up homie
breaking dawn was actually amazing
...BECAUSE HE WAS BROUGHT UP AS A MUSLIM...
Oo thank god he ok because if he wasnt Idk wat I do if prod got hurt real bad <3PROD<3
And you are making smart ones, really. I'm going to go play video games. Soon. ish.
They are, but this was an opener. But they crammed a lot in to 45 minutes.
nice, yea I do.
yeah that will be hard. Good luck!
Awesome I have runny nose -.-
Good Morning amaor have a nice day <3
Can anyone in LA direct me to a hair-braider? I'm done dealing with this mop
Yu can take it how yu want to sir lol
I would be content being a professional errand runner
A real man doesn't want a woman that has no future goals
Thanks for the tweet Monique
outclassed, outsized, overly radiated but not outscored. What an upset from the Japanese women's team in the world cup quarter final! sugoi
A fantastic class w/ at tonight! Lovely to meet her. But now I want some southern baked goods from !
I'm in a horrible situation the man I love abuses me
Looking forward to the 3/9 show!
RT Wake me up when September ends is an amazing number.
no you don't
THAT BETTER BE A AIRPLANE NOT RAIN, or eles I'm going to Mexican on you rain >:{
yessir. I've been living in LA for the past month.
. says Google shouldn't have monopoly on "Human Knowledge Project" and regrets lost opportunities b/c of G Books
pssst! can I order lunch?
I don't think that there's one person with working eyes that wouldn't want to see the rest of that picture.
caro said next time she might need some chula vista soccer boys to help wash the car😉
Sometimes a person leaves, the time goes by and all that will ever remain are THE MEMORIES and all you have to do is
central library. the children's room has a Lego table, a train table and it's free!
Her wedding is in costa rica....and she just rescheduled....everyone already bought their tickets....that's not nice
The way to my heart!
Welcome new friends and ! Have a great day~
Shawn why did u say why
so I have to work tomorrow- but you can attend a fashion show- record release party I am working and then I am completely free.
#HappyMothersDayMotherMonster happy Mothers day!!!
I'm predicting at least two clips in "One Shinning Moment"
Cleaning up the storm debris...
"Little help?"-Mike Smith
Waaahhhh gonna miss !!!!! Congrats!!!!
Well it's true I have welcome Seattle back in my life
Our first week of summer hiatus...still gonna say it...Happy #Fringe Friday!
Thoughts on where Lakers stand post-trades? Surprised by Fisher or right move to avoid drama rest of season?
I prefer "The Imperial March"...
Happy Birthday . Thank you for being one of the best human beings out there. The best guitarist. Happy Halloween.
Happy Friday, Feast friends. Get extra green this weekend - Sunday is #Earthday! So much nature to appreciate here in
That moment when u wish somebody would send u a text or call n ask how u doing, or wats wrong, or talk to me, spill!!
Damn you Kevin Costner.... you had just one flipping job to do!
Won our game, 64-6 (: haha we smoked them :P
Maybe I should schedule myself a task to "have fun" tonight
Good Sunday morning! Locked into on via "WGPR Hot 107.5 Detroit" App for Android!
and a giant "West side!" to that! lol. (aw man, I've been up too long!)
Thanks bro!RT:The homies from my town#HTown are killing This stage! Much love my dudes!
I'm not a normal teenager. I don't smoke, go out partying every night. Instead I fangirl over a guy who doesn't know I exist.
Yea me too, Playing the WPT at HR today and wake up at 6am. WTF
Haha my friend showed us his baby picture today, hilarious! :D
Definitely. When I saw those prints, my eyes bugged completely out!
I still need to get mine pulled...
If you could have one date with Austin what would you do ? :)
I don't like oil here or there I don't like oil anywhere. vegaspressurewashing.com
I'm planning to. Waiting for registration to open up. I need to learn some things from you.
deuce I love u
thanks! We'll try to get video up quickly
December 11th "Live on Stage" with at inside 4519 Santa Monica Blvd (via )
So mad right now that i slammed my door
Camel shorts & Chucks. All talylored out today.
Any chance you'll be in Colorado sometime soon?
Wit my ninja just herd DA new joint wit classic.
need to get a new hat soon !
The harder the battle the sweet of jah victory. - Bob Marley
A note for everyone of us... RT What you've achieved is what you've allowed yourself to achieve. Now, allow more.
Untouchable burning brighter than the sun, now that your close I feel like coming undone:* I absolutely love this song!
I gotta be in and out.
A recent supports pre-roll’s popularity and reveals that women have a significantly higher video completion rate than males
is there a cheerier euphemism for "asking you a lot of questions" than "picking your brain"?
Even on a stool I wasn't tall enough to get several rows of folks. :(
still recording sir, haha I'm gonna drop it in June tho!
lmaoo I should be in their advertising dept
I was telling Zoey about Nick Mara(She dont know him)and she said"omg you two have a lot in common, you two are meant for eachother
uh whatever major loser.
well deserved
Can't believe it's taken me this long to buy a pair of TOMS. So in love. <3
Paul supporters, Democrats pissed with Obama, Independents & Youth will never vote for Romney, and he NEEDS those groups if he wants to win
Have fun at the prom don't dance with any dateless girls!!!
thanks for the retweet! hope things are going well
Please be careful! You are making me nervous! Going to see The Vow tomorrow. LOL wish u were here!
Thank You!
Are you a boob? Cuz you be hangin'
in camden, nj also???
When you know you love someone, it breaks your heart when things get edgy between you two..
Nope! It's not going anywhere. I use it too.
I can try lol.
We hit the studio tomorrow morning to record our EP! It will be released on June 28th on Itunes :) .. get stoked , studio updates to follow
thank you:D
Happy Sunday - be kind to your skin today and do something special to celebrate you!
An amazing undefeated season for the UK men's tennis team, resulting in a regular season SEC Championship! GO BIG BLUE!
actually I did win a spelling b
it is the most difficult thing in the worlld right now to be strong :-(
No worries - great seeing you last week!
didn't know gif boom was connected with twitter... awksss
moderating a fantastic panel of emerging #cloud technology vendors. Excited to hear various viewpoints.
I just wish they were larger. They are the smallest candy bar ever
Minnesota should roll today in a big way
sometimes iam in the mood to tweet sometimes iam not
i don't want to see or be seen by straight people
I hate all the girls I like.
...And get a better case too! LOL
any bacon beer left?
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope & Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs, no Hope & nNngggGgg
Bored:P just sittin at a car show until 11pm cus my dads car is in the car show -_-
funny, I was going to ask if I could use some of your old SCUSA posts in a painting, guess its back to the old drawing board
I do like the way my wiwt pics look on there. much more convenient than tumblr.
no:p I'm always on my phone haha;p
No school, lets talk? my t.v prod. teacher is going to rip my head off
Going to the movies tonight. I'd be lying if I said it wasnt for the large tub of extra-buttered popcorn.
guess I'll have to buy a new one. :-)
Yoga time
"sometimes I lose sight of what this means to people outside of the Coolidge world"--Natalie Randolph, female football coach
I am also hooked on Sea Salt and Vinegar potato chips...No way can you eat just one.... YUMMY
I hear ya @ the irish friends comment. I'm just tired of getting pinched everywhere I go because I don't have green on.
Lou Williams? Or should we say, Lou Tomlinson ^_^
Top of the morning twitter!!!
cuddling > wrestling > kissing > hickies > lip biting > hand guiding > a little aggression > moans > grabbin R-T
Bath Bombs are like giant alka-seltzers for your bath - they swirl in your bath while releasing scent and softening the water.
punta cana in may??? U down?
LILI artifact: DONE. XML project: DONE. Twitter paper: ...less done... 4 more days.
a great opportunity for reuse. #highline is so inventive. This will be a tough sell outside the city.
la la la not listening
have helmet; always use it!
So we clear...#lakernation will fall Tonight (Bernie mac voice )
Hey, guess what?....i love you!:)
yes keeping well. Spent the day with mom, relaxing in the sunshine. A little crispy in the shoulder area, but that's ok. ;)
hot chocolate(:
can you call the Bungals and let them know they must sign players to field a full team?
by the way, sorry to see the Bulls go down tonight. Rough loss.
It's another day in paradise.
Thanks so much for the RT! Have a great day!
Visionary: look to the future jauuuh | NGENESer: see jauuuh into the past .. Hence, reckless confusion. retweeted in english!
So happy #tedxusc is ending with Reggie Watts!!! Awesome!
So I got home almost peeing in my pants and I couldnt get it because there was a freakin praying mantiss on my door & I was scared
Everything that could go wrong at this training has happend.
I had a successful practice in Orange County, but now I am ready to take over PDX - any advice?
#primFTISLANDNYC We've been tweeting for three hours! Please come to New York ♥
Great meeting you. Wonderful convo. On personal and professional brands/search.
Hey Janet! its good to see you tweeting again! tweet more often! lol love you! =)
i need to eat something amazing.
18 papers graded in 3 hours; 10 minutes per paper. Not too shabby and only 10 to grade by 11 am tomorrow. Off to VB game.
new and exciting community offerings coming to mile high heels, inc. are you on board? have you friended us yet on fb?
Also, some of my prayers for my friends were answered: a mom got healed, two girls get to see their family again, and a boy got set free! =D
Oh nothing, just being the web version of a Nosy Nancy/Bossy Betty, reporting bugs and usability issues all over the web. I CAN'T STOP.
This movie we are watching is so boring
no way. White pepper flavor
Chopping my hair off.
Hell yeah RT : The posse' needs to do it together, new date?
Saving Money Through Magazine Subscriptions | Gossip ...
What would u choose, if only one, to hear, see or talk???
Navigator still has some clear advantages over the Escalade, namely the function and operation of its second- and third-row seats
havin a great night
I can't believe it..... He was also a good guy.....
Thoughts and prayers Chris. God Bless you and your family brother.
Team Khleo Follow Friday
~ of course who can top that!
I think everyone's the jealous "type". And if you say you aren't, you lyinnnnnn
Shout-out 2 how u doin??
I'm finna set sum shit off, if dats regarding to me
Hell, we'll hold a bake sale ...
There's a place in your heart where no ones been, take me there
I want to take one more stab at crowd funding, this time with custom art card sleeves. Which service should I use?
Are you interning during your freshman year?
It's not about having a perfect relationship, but it's finding someone who matches you and would go through everything without giving you up
And ... the vacuuming is done, too!
Dear Austin Mahonee, i believe you suck butt! Goodnight and Sweet Dreamss(;
Watching Sponge Bob
Quite unfortunate, but luckily, this sort of thing happens every year :)
I guess but I dnt like oprahs ignit ass 😂😂
Driving home from late gig rocking my bro Adrian Blu Ill Street Blu Vol 1: Ballad of a Man. 'Thinkin 'bout you make me feel alright...'
Cannot believe I missed that one, almost added M.C. Hammer's Rap from the Adams Family
Pretty much the best easter ever! But I have to wake up at 6:00 tomorrow... 
because siri will not understand him
RT Your capacity to grow determines your capacity to lead!
I promice you Id love you♥ And so did you..but sadly yet you lied</3
Going to be the best weekend ever! Saturday is the The Darkness concert, Sunday is the monster truck rally!
Successful authors have a vision, and they dream to build the vision
That sounds like any other Tuesday.
I was disappointed it was one of the Digital Campus pieces they paywalled -- & will be republishing it under CC-BY in 29 days.
in sorrow will you partake of them all the days of your life;
that stresses me out! We have to put our big girl pants on now!
Don't compete with something you can't handle.
RT : Proud have such strong support—have outraised every month this year.
If only I had one more hour of sleep...
you're welcome =)
Omw to the gym . Niggas about to hoop
welcome! ha
Don’t just keep clicking ‘mark as new.’ Make a decision on that email – even if its to delete it! #TimeManagement Tips
Record Store Day is great, but I always wished it'd start a year-round trend so the stores could stay alive. RIP Atomic Records
Hush I'm trying for it not to take over my life.
IMO, this is a very good idea!
Nothing left to do but the beat it up dance...good night my beautiful wifey!!
Does anyone have a pen for me? I need a new favorite. Preferably blue ink. Please make sure your logo is on it. I'm at the studio. Thanks
#thingslongerthankimsmarriage Star Wars
Thanks very much for the MT! Cheers, Conor
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder
Follow us on tumblr! Coloredpt.tumblr.com. We post updates on rehearsals, stories that correlate to the show, and much more
Guy behind me: "OPB"
Ha! Applies there too!
You're so very welcome! Enjoy your new pretties! :)
Done with my work....now I want to talk to him
ESM "...not a session to get your real cool software to think for you..."
#Music does something to your heart!
Holy crap. Adrian Peterson gave 1mil to University of Oklahoma. I need to be his friend since he doesn't like money apparently.
Taking a break from scoring animation to study some #looneytunes shorts on DVD in music-only glory. Milt Franklin is my man!
Red Hook Battered Shrimp & Fries $7.99 are the special at SSC in the Arena: come in and have shrimp & watch day 2 of Madness on Big Screens
Totally concur.
Christmas is fast approaching, and we have Gift Certificates! Come down to Anytime Fitness Freret to check them out!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH FAIL(x
Funk Fest 2012 - JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz TOMORROW 11-5pm.Buy 2-2Day Passes & Get 1 Free! Athlete's Foot on Normandy & Boutique 3:16 on...
Hey - sorry for the delay. I've been in China for the past three weeks. Back now though. Let's chat.
Thank you! I apologize for not checking in with before writing that ;-). I'll definitely take it into consideration.
I LOVE MY NEW CAR (:
thank you so much!! :) be on the lookout for some new stuff!
Eminem killin it :)
My brothers neighbors friends are hot. #SadFace .
good Thursday morning!
yea I think so, I haven't been for like 4 weeks and I need some notes lmfao!
Thank you so much!!
RT : Can you all shoutout Mrs. Okeef-Boettcher, Awesome English Teacher at Rufus King IB High, changed my life.
Set it on the ground at the driving range. Can't golf for shit. Ended up missing the ball and completely obliterating my phone.
I'm making a list....
yeah we should jst make poster and put them around town lol
Just followed you!! Praying for you!
thank you u too!
Me too RT : I wanna see parker give cp3 buckets. Just cuz.
For all the media hype surrounding King Sveum's bunting tournament, Cubs pitchers have been abysmal at sacrificing so far this season.
thanks for the RT, that little doorknob is so much fun.
tattoo? Girl stop!!
It went well actually! The earthquake hit not long before it began, which dropped attendance to about 10. Perfect workshop size!
So excited for GARY HALL, JR & GAIL DEVERS on being inducted into the US Olympic Hall Of Fame! Fingers crossed Jenny Thompson will call soon
« #Brewers need a win tonight to set a club record for wins in a single month, and have the right guy on the mound>
Headed to #ssfmatchmaker, the play that inspired "Hello, Dolly."
Thanks for the follow! I hope you enjoy!
is that you??? Livin life on the high road huh, literally.
wow thanks so much! I will check it out
haha, word!!! That i will =) when you in Dublin next? Im hoem in two weeks, we should go for some beers =)
wanted to point out the typo so you could fix it: book not boot??
problem is we need common values to exist as society. Used to be biblical values here until it was thrown out in the sixties.
Feeling a little sneezy this afternoon; tis the season, I guess! But still, I love the Springtime and it's almost official! Yay!
Step one: Take out homework. Step two: Reward self with two hours of internet for making it that far.
The office is literally flooding from all the rain!
I can't wait! :D
With Sunil Mittal, "as entrepreneurs we will eventually fail because we will always push ourselves"
hey<3 good you? awww i aint beautiful:$ u r!
better not be late for our date...
Hey guys follow he , he's a boy belieber
College coaches know a highlight video is a necessary recruiting tool to get the best players for next year & beyond
you are amazing Dylan :) Just forget them haters! You got talent :) and don't let anyone tell you different :)
yes yes yes. We must. We must tal about how smart and awesome your kids will be and how mine will look like Tom Hiddleston
You hitting the bottle early today, Warney? ;- )
perfect! if GM Bree is there she can help you with the VIP rezzie.
The explosion in tonight's workout was spectacular. Making the game easy!
I would shoot a momma deer and let the baby deer live, jus like on bambe
For one thing, for Republicans to be able to say they can adapt to the future, they would have to fully embrace science.
Lets get it Grandy
Congrats on your 10th birthday ! Like indie films, boutique wines are made by people with a passion for their craft. Salud!
Can you no longer book austin mahone for stuff
no...we'll be drinking...i mean talking about that in a couple of minutes.
In VIP at Buddha Lounge! Mi-tyme Now!
Just updated both my Macs to 8gb ram and OSX Lion (finally)
Thanks to Tia for guest hosting the show while I help get our home ready for the holidays. Best wishes for a joyous season to you and yours!
A beautiful morning in NYC
i would appreciate a nap at this current time
Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be entered!
I sadly watched it in the theatre when it came out. we picked out winners back then!
Family dinner nite. Drove the convertible from Palmetto Bay 2 South Miami 2 eat at the Big Cheese. Using our Miller Deal discount.
And tht was referred to my mother
Don't allow the Christmas rush to keep you from spending time with the "Guest of Honor." Focus on the matters that matter most. Blessings!
Congrats to Ed Breslin (LA Office) who closed an O'Reilly's in South Carolina!
I was irritated a long time ago with yours.
colbert report with my baby in bed x) mad full dukes
:D I'm so excited for today!
Thanks for the Mention Rosanna
I haven't tweeted on this account in FOREVER... If you need me i'll be in (:
Oh, no, there are too damn many examples of unusable racks. Smugly justified in this case b/c asked yesterday.
Good god those new unis are underwhelming. Sure, the Ducks take it too far, but these ... meh.
My mentions are dead
Praise Jesus!! Illuminti.
I spit unnatural shit
got any winners for me?
fun at the Meet and Greet :D loll
The Community Times now has 120 FB friends!
I wrote the numbers down but will wait until I see you next and we can find our fate out together ?:^D
because they didn't know what they had. Now, he'll be front and center.
Really though... This new album is too good! Can't stop listening!
Same to you ladies! RT :
congrats to
Have you already taken your holiday decorations down? If so, what’s your method to keeping things organized?
I need this to be over
dont you hate when you get that itch deep in your ear and its like almost in your throat but theres no way to scratch it
Thanks to for the delicious Sweetie-Licious pie! :-9
RT My bottle of wine is waiting on me to get hm...--smh.
I'm not a betting man, but odds are #karoakeRuss sounds better
between 2nd and 3rd street on walnut
it would be awesome to be friends with they are so hilarious i love you guys
user experience chat: thursdays 10am pst. join us and pass it on!
Awful. Absolutely awful. RT : Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.
I want to read, but the link goes elsewhere.
lol I got stickers!
Kaleb Canales spoke one-on-one with Michael Berk after tonight's #Blazers win. We'll have that for you tonight on Sports Sunday.
It sucks having to take this test -.-
omg this is ridiculous. Kreegee, try sending your part of the story to someone else.
I did!! Like a couple times! They obv. Don't wanna talk to me! 😭😭
First Beezle show in 3 years. Done.
Dear Women - The truth is most guys are assholes; the trick is to pick one that makes you happy enough to overlook he’s an asshole.
is the man to watch.
“: "Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*”
I'm doing a tech talk @ 11:15 (you're on a panel then). I've got a WOW Bite @ 1:45 on soc. med do's and don'ts...
soon hopefully! Getting to head in pretty soon!
unprotected my tweets. let's see how this goes. the world needs to hear my genius.
I need my privacy..
Bad enough watching fall show trailers. But does ABC have to precede theirs with commercials? I'm hating it.
Being true to yourself can help you find the ones who are true to you.
Would rather have beer in a glass. RT We've got beer in the taps and Etta James on the jukebox.
Thank you! Hope you have a good one too
Bitches will always be bitches. It's your choice whether you keep them in your life or not.
Walk softly and wear a bright red tie.
Please exuse my French, BITCH.
Singing at the top of my lungs to Shakira is always fun.
Not even hungry.
:) Congratulations on your tweet--and your book!
I want to go to there, it looks so classy! RT Racine's Hob Nob offers modern supper club experience bit.ly/pGFw7w
Chris Brown, take the mic OFF!!! You're NOT singing!!...
Momentum back in the hands of #MichiganState. Probably for good.
They do that when we're away because they are trying to pick up our scent and figure out why the hell we would ever leave them
i wished you were here, too, Pavement or not
Every time you click "reply all" a kitten dies. Just sayin'.
I could be your girl girl girl, girl, girl, girl, bi
Original kings of comedy... Hilarious
i need a acting/modeling gig
"Ya know I have te serious case of the munchies. What do you got?" 'Cheetos' "AWH, Thanks man!" 8D
I think in 99.9% of the world that's a marker of poverty and a sad lack of access to birth control.
I KNOW!!! My schedule suddenly imploded. I wanna get back to it, I'll be knocking at your door soon
me too, but when u know ppl u get to try stuff. I only ate 2 slices. Lol
Headache and hungry but I'm ready for this lecture with
Was gone get off Cricket plan and go back ta Cincinnati Bell but everybody keep complainin sayin Cincinnati Bell keep takin they money
Have u entered 2win a free TShirt from on r site? www.knowledgesafari.com Seamless, tagless, super soft
MMG about to kill it this summer..
The technology is just a tool that makes the projects move more smoothly-principal
Hye soryy, I was organizing my notes for finals
You're going to have a GREAT TIME! Don't forget to tweet about your performances!
On the plane to Aruba. Beasley and Boca Mike are in my general area. Somehow I feel like Beasley + Boca Mike = , right? Make sense?
America's Game I meant, of course.
why is Lionel keeping your man on the bench???
which regal
I hate crying. :/
We only get away with what you allow us to
how many daddies do u got in that picture? ;)
talk that talk to me, boy
Happy cinco de mayo me and my mom are both blacked in different bars it's the shit
Remember the 15% #discount is good until tomorrow. Use code NEW12 during checkout for any product. Hurry!
Hey , I better see you running up the hill with a Wazzu flag!
I promise I would love to meet "Hayden Panettiere" one day, the love of my life! 😍😍😍😍
#ItHurtsWhen spell check try's to fix my mistakes but makes the word I wanted to write to a completely different word.
Cold morning in Nola
Much love sir, much love.
Painting my face while having a headache , not fun!
What are you doing for your birthday?
RT : #Scorpio's have psychic power. They often find themselves using their intuition to predict things.
lol growing up! Have fun :)
I'LL SHOW YOU THEN
Do you like it?
Also if I were Loki I would have used my magical mind-control stick a lot more.
Hey,bitches,what R we doin' in this fuckin' place?
Thank you for the follow back!! :)
la rosa de guadalupe!!!
Though when the summer comes back in your mind the waters of that waterfall would explode as you wonder if the great foundtion of your
hey there :) how was your day? :)
Billy is a caca.
waiting for to wake up<<
after i read that, i looked at the tv & saw his face omg he does
George Zimmerman: Will Trayvon Martin’s parents meet him?
Diff is indoors and private vs on street in full view. Legal 2 record anything on street. Ethical breach 2 broadcast.
You would follow me. You would.
WATCHING COMEDY CENTRAL RIGHT NOW WITCH IS REALLY FUNNY
finales de mayo. cuando vienes a Miami?
I haven't played my guitar in a while, I'm definitely gonna break it out for a sesh soon!
Always use shopping for the holidays as an excuse to shop decor stores
aerosmith is going on tour!!
Blah; off to personal training
well said!
Money Mark!
ha! opened email after I opened Twitter. priorities. will talk to fellow
around 4 I think. but none in the bottom
u there
We sell our dreams and our potential to escape through that buzz, just keep me up, keep me up, hollywood here we come.
If u can follow me on twitter, retweet my tweets, @ me! But cnt speak in person! Just dnt follow me at all!
Yup. You'll like this: my official job title is Menu Maven. I edit/compile/rearrange catering menus into one system.
oh hell no you just not called me a fatass! efff youu >.< & you're not gonna eat it so why waste it? (x
I was just woken up, taken to a place for 5 minutes, did nothing, then went back to my house #wtf >:(
#charger alumni strolling in now including Very touching moment right now.
You know you're an alcoholic when you make statements like "I thought mixed drinks were just a lot of different types of booze mixed up" lol
That newly installed car seat has freaked me out twice. Thought somebody was in my backseat in my periphery.
“: So, what did you think of the 4 Way match where one man grabbed a TNA Contract?”the best match so far.
Does that make you 'pro biotic?'
Today's Birthdays: Singer-musician George Johnson(The Brothers Johnson) is 59.TV personality Kathleen Sullivan is 59.Actor Bill Paxton is 57
I use to see love & approval when I looked into your eyes.Now all I see is disappointment and disinterest. What took my place in your heart?
Yay! Score one for me. ;-)
My life is great ..I wouldnt change anything
today ima twitter freak cus it seems like i been tweeting all day lol
My obsessiveness exemplified: Currently looking online for an image of an 'A' baby block 2 print b/c my son lost the 1 from the original set
Did you make that? It looks good!
I have one and it helps and it's worth it. You'll use it after just today too
A challenger appears! fights the Pheen, for proper capitalization, & grammar!
are you behaving yourself tonight?
third year as a chiefs season ticket holder! Chiefs fan for 21 years strong! 12-4 go get em!
Who's the 13% of Amer adults on ?? What are their demographics & how does this become important for understanding Twitter?
that's a fantastic point. so much goes into beating those teams, they just had nothing left.
thats the only way to do it kid.
so whatcha up to
got myself $3.52 and i'm cashin' out, I'M CASHIN' OUT!
RT : has arrived in Hot'lanta to spend some time with the fine folks at
-12 degrees in Breck and tons of snow! Can't wait to hit the slopes for the first time in the morning.
getting excited about Beirut concert tonight at BAM
When gets all his hair chopped off...
Wanna go back to the days where there were no worries.
RT if you are done with finals!
Goodnight! Conference tomorrow! 💤😃
Beautiful morning
hey waz up thanks for contacting me on modelmayhem cant wait to work with you when you come to miami this month .....
I almost typed in my IPhone passcode into my microwave. -_-
Great writes today with and :)
Be back later! I have a National Honor Society ceremony in a bit :D
I LOVE GOD :) “: (I LOVE GOD)send me this words in your own language...I RT every reply...Thanks ☺”
Relax, don’t do it, When you want to to go to it
Yeah. Our talk yesterday was really useful for us. We would like to interview you sometime next month for a video podcast.
Flower. Obama. Cheerios
Thank you all for attending wednesday's meeting. Come join us next week for our guest speaker Roger Story, 6pm in the Lyles center.
Just got a new watch at the Fossil Outlet store! you were right! Great deals!
: Is same as Semiprecious Weapons?
One waits until one is indoors, if one has any sense.
work is literally making me crazy today. counting down.. 64 minutes....
Why dont you help your dick get out of dehydration and get it wet you fucking virgin.
Tonight, we play Otto's in Dekalb, IL and we like it. Dekalbians, we will see you there!
and we would love to do a badass remix, srsly; interested?
Travel Tip#8: Bring a corkscrew. inexpensive and really improves the view from your hotel, beach, etc.
“: Not gonna lie, it sucks that I feel like I have to pay 50 dollars just to go see some old friends.” 💙
Yo Pierre no problem. Aye it's just a game though
I really hope Apple will augment the capacity of App folders or I won't be able to fit all these new official apps in "Trash"
Romney was a bit of a bully. Obama was a dog eating coke head.
Looking forward to meeting up with folks tonight to discuss a space on the north side. Join us if you're interested from 5:30 -7pm at ON.
Today made me sleepy.... So that's what I did... Literally...
Has anyone read any good dance books lately? Send me your recommendations dance twits!
I don't think I have the patience to wait 20 years for this baby to be grateful for me changing his recent stinky diaper!
Hi! Where can we see how much has been donated? Thank you! cc
thanks Latara, you are always a much-welcomed guest!
Really? I hit 672 followers and it goes back to 666? Why!?
This Iz Who I Am!!!!
im very thankful and very blessed. Idk why but good things always happen to my family....
wait... who is Kino and where's Pixel?
i love this song
I LIKE IT LIKE THAT.
what time?
So...ask yourself this...Do you feel lucky...duck?
MY BRACELET, STICKERS, AND SHIRT CAME TODAY. OMG. AND MY SIGNED POSTER CAME 2 DAYS AGO!!!!(:
Bring in 5 non-perishable items to Liberty Tax Service on 75th & Capitol Dr. Milwaukee, and get 50% off on your taxes.
U love yo damn sharks lol RT : sharks n bring me some
Told Yall Metta was a huge difference maker. Defensively Turnt up. Now tonight gotta limit KD to 20. And Kobe gotta lock Harden
PRIDE...DIGNITY ...AMBITIOUS....CONSISTENT...DREAMS...GOALS
League is "WI Indycar Fans" at indycar nation. Deadline for st. Pete picks is 8am tomorrow.
yes. Expensive habit.. I can't wait for the day that I own my own espresso machine.
when white or mexican people try to "act" ghetto or hood that #irritatesthe shit outta me just be yourself
Thanks to everyone that came out to Addison's solo show in Concord Saturday night! Next DFTO show is coming up later this month!
At the moment National parks are included within a city's recommendation, but thanks for the feed back, we will look into it.
then again im goin to a community college but ima get a car first so after i get a car ima visit
Don't like paper cuts? Try getting a foil cut.
BE YOURSELF EVERYONE ELSE IS ALREADY TAKEN
Oo ok hmu when u got.some time!!.
Meeting on today: 1) 2nd Unit, 2) An Oscar worthy short, 3) Film that will shoot this Spring in North Carolina.
So happy I found my iPod
What, no watch party for the NCAAs?
U/D Haines - Fully involved 1 story vacant warehouse. Crews fighting fire from outside.
Gonna be an awesome day here in TN for my short 12 hr stay. Playing some lead guitar with the crew in Lebanon TN then back to Lex-BH
One of pauly d's friends on the new episode of jshore had madisons shirt :)
omg I'm sure! I can't wait! You should have a southern food wedding!
seems like a great way for central administrators to see #teachers daily needs. Maybe doing it on a district level's more feasible?
I followed!
Ready to leave and go home
« Psychology is the transfer function between reality and perception.»
Im sorry for not watchin the show in 10 years and forgot the name a little bit -_-
grow a pair. It's been a week
I love the idea of creating new habits - especially those that are hard to master
Express Auto. Moved to the 'burg on a Sunday. They were closed. Owner picked up his messages and came to our house.
Careful. Bad grade don't=bad kids. He's a legislator not a teacher Attendance is a prob he can help with.
NYC the real deal. Love this city. Can't wait to get this restaurant open. Two says to food trials.
Put A Condom Over Your Heart And Fuck That Nigga's Feelings Like He Did Yours.
Excited about dinner tonight ... was amazing and I'm sure we won't be disappointed tonight!
The Fraternal Order of Eagles, an international non-profit organization, unites fraternally in the spirit of liberty, truth, and justice.
If you're near Four Seasons on Market st or near the foursquare offices take a photo and post to Earn cash :)
i just have so many fucking feelings thank you #glee i love you
Are you having fun(; we aree
I have a cool little bracelet now! Lmao. That hurt but I feel better (I feel like that doesn't make sense)
#ASAHQ ASA Continues to Urge CMS to Make Changes to Meaningful Use Incentive Program
Have you written your own material to release another music album?
you're welcome! Look forward to your tweets :)
Same bet amount as last time?
My left arm is literally throbbing fromm anthrax vaccine today. WTF
Squiresquad We in here like my weave lol make sure yal tune in to channel 4 sat. at 4pm for another episode of 5star talent s/o to
nice to meet y'all in real life. Restless Wind is our new favorite bar
In GA to photograph projects today and tomorrow. May have to spend the rest of the weekend fishing. Or in the Smokies?
Sittin here gettin tire fixed. Then tannin. Would love to do dinner or lunch with a friend. Stupid work. Takes all my friends away. ~pout~
Damn nice block from Lebron
yesterday my friend & I saw a guy that looked like you! We were gonna run up and start singing 11:11 then saw it wasnt you :'/
what are you up to?!
no believe it or not!
Bought my mom tickets for mothers day hope she enjoys the game and her earrings :)
Impossible Germany is my favorite Wilco song.
some ppl can do the unexplainable
y dnt u pay me a visit it seems you're bored
Single again
my favorite story of yours ...an that's saying something
yeah, that line isn't going to be used against ND all year ... Thanks Carlo
Taft looks like Mr. Quibbly in the #sketchers #commercial when he runs. Only he's not as fast.
I don't see why i worry about you anymore. It's useless.
good morning to all snapback heads ...
Come on, who cares about the Steelers/Browns game!? Go #Broncos!
Walk round the neighborhood left me lightheaded. Warm hats disorient me - can't hear, feel boxed-in. Cold makes my legs numb. But now, fire.
Yes!!RT "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." #quoteshakespeareday /
Thanks for listing me, Katy!
I covered a lot of ground this morning, but the kids are up now. Grading while Dora's on the TV is a little harder! =)
Thanks for the follow! and ,
getting a job yaeeh :)
is now booking June and July!
Alternating between high-intensity and low-intensity cardio has been shown to torch more pounds.
but if u love them u let go and maybe fate has a plan for her in my life
#SpringBreakToDoList shows shows & more shows! #thesmashbrothers are performing live at the trocadero in Philly on April 11th! Come out!
Yes! I'm in if you are. Luvvvvvv Fido! You started something!
“: My 5.5yr old boy just rented one of his books to his 8yr old sister for fifty cents. #buddingCEO”
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3 SHE REALLY WANTS YOU TO FOLLOW HER!
Countdown: 3 days until Jason Wu for so excited!
ahh, lol, just about the same here. :) nothin too special yet.
im doing good just tryna network wit people such as yaself
Going to bed before 10 today. I gotta be up at 4 am (way harsh) to work a farmers market.
How I love roses, and here they are, in my own backyard.
Visits to Revolution Brewery, Cubs con, and Hannah's pretzel good start to the weekend...
I like how when you farted you looked back at Yoda, when everyone looked at you.
#649 - The amount of people who came to hangout last night at #GWU #FreshmanFeast! Can't wait to do it again
Good Luck!
Very cool! Getting ready to pony up ;-)
yes sir
yeah i know about ms streams... I fux with her.. we tryna get her in Pumps and punchlines also!!
Good to see you today. I forgot I even booked tonites L
Feels like 1994 when both were in the playoffs with good teams
I got my ears pierced when I was 17..I cried too
Hey thanks for the follow, your #beats are all through knockin all over my
We got to spend money to make it...
im not like that im very nice to people
It's 4:30 am and I cant sleep. Catching up on twitter. I abandoned this account for too long.
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
“It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.” Einstein Let the teachers teach!!!!!!!!!
Hey! To everyone following me (or anyone reading this): tell me about yourself! I don't know many people on Twitter, but I'd like to. :)
uh oh, should I be afraid?
Hi!! I hope your having an awesome day! What is your favorite Ariana Grande song? I absolutely love her style and hair! xoxo <3
This guy obviously knows very little about USC and our footprint in the community
Monge final. I am going to be so constantly exhausted for the next week
well why you pick that I live in fucking Oklahoma I cant go to the damn concert #WangoTango Im starting to like you less & less
If you wait to start your kids in kindergarten until they're 8, they really seem to excel at sports.
you gonna make it to KS to see our mutual friends Abby and Eric get married? It will be a NYE to remember!
I was the same way but you never know! :)
i use warm milk and honey it my be something is bothering you or something at least that's what i heard.
At the soccer game. Afraid I'm gonna fall back off the hill 😄
Ending my freshman year with one last class, I kind of wish he would be lecturing.
Black helicopters over the capitol
if it's who I'm am thinking of, you better make sure he stays away!!!!
absolutely yes
#sorryimlatebut #beer isn't going to #brew itself!!
Haha, excellent point. Although when you're talking about teams as bad as the A's and the Mariners....
and the lose is to the best NFC team on the road. Guess the season is over for the Pack now.
oh 4realz dass crazy ; where do u work at ?
Exclusive opportunity to purchase iconic NYC establishment w/air rights-approved plans to build luxury condo. DM for info
YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN
Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks.
Guinness is always god! :)
The Inuit use refrigerators to keep their food WARM.
I feel like the season just started.
How does not have Helvetica as a font?!!
lol! Oh yeah...guess we didn't think about that...thanks!
I need a big dinner, but hey there's nothing to make a meal out of here.
alright in school.
♦ Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift ► {link--------------
Muriel Brandolini the artist wants conceptual integrity.....wooden eggs hanging on bedposts? I'm mulling that around....
Please follow our companion twitter account, , for all the up to date news and info on DUI, DWI and reckless driving! :)
In an effort to maintain political correctness, the day after Thanksgiving will now be referred to as African Friday
hey what's goody
Real eyes , real lies , realize .
Send cards with heartfelt congratulations. But then again, i didn't get anything for graduating college and still lived.
Thermal Panel | House Mouse Living
Haven't tweeted from in a while - Follow me from now on for best in music, travel, festival news and general goodness
Sounds delicious! Thanks for your time.
I bet once i fall asleep ill be passes out...
There are way more hipsters at the Ballpark than there used to be. By that I mean, there are exactly three.
The simple things in life.
Ah, they'll probably just replace him with some guy who's better. RT
Created Using Android's Pic Paint
"There is no right in acting." - Frank Langella
You should come back to Tom Browne for 8th!
Hey girl... you rocked when we wrote the other day!!
bein not hi for too long makes my eyes hurt
Order deadline extended thru Mon to include payday for this San Diego-based economical food program - menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
Can you say Glacier #hike?
its my birthday and its almost over all i want is for yall to follow me plz alex and austin plz
Didn't you know everything is better in #NY? #Rangers, #Yankees, #Giants, bagels...I can go on and on. :)
I noticed. It made me lol. My step-mom thinks I'm insane.
nite doll. have 2 get up early to work.
For as bad as Neil Huntington is at finding hitters, he equally brilliant at finding set up relievers.
RT : they jus called me.. My tux is ready as well!
your mom and my mom pick us up after cause i dont wanna take the smelly bus
I just love seeing my dad ... Lololol jk i hate him .
word. Keeps them busy between fights.
Flipping and twisting into the pool without being hurt. FALSE!
Hanging out with and completes my life:)
-_- Well We Know You'd Suck At Sucking Dick.
“The earth has music for those who listen.” ~William Shakespeare
Everybody deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
My nephew is adorable! Love u Declan!
If I really wanted to talk to you, then I would....
Thanks for the RT, Mary. I hope you got the Roddy Doyle reference.
our honor to be a part RT : We are so happy to be involved, thank you for your leadership in the community.
This should be a great weekend to get out and #stayactive!
Alcohol may not be the answer, but it sure helps forget the question.
Happy star wars day!
It was very cool. Love the concept of your blog. I'm a busy "someday novelist," so bite-sized prompts are great for me. :)
In Durban, South Africa headed to the valley of 1000 hills, then to a Zulu village. Exciting!
over time I learned what kind of guy I should not fall in love
When it rains it pours..
