bro there are college games on all day
Working on casting a TV show...work, work, work is never done. Thank goodness I enjoy it!!
Jesus, BIlly, what's the next segment? Reading unintentionally funny headlines?
Sounds like the tenets of the Tea Party? Why fight the association to Tea Party? What's the difference?
#Butler police investigate 2nd crime close to campus in 1 week. Student reported a man with a gun robbed him and stole his car.
Welcome back, Guy... glad you are here!
“: Super rally We are moving WI forward Last in the country in jobs is moving forward? Oh boy! We are screwed!
Looks like the GOP is taking a knee on the goal line.
those cute texts i send you>
where else can you get 25 gb for $3/month? that's pretty great. but a car would have been cool
I hardly know you, but totally relate to your comments!
deserves to be verified, he is so dedicated & works hard, so...VERIFY PSANDERS
I got a python but then I freaked out thinking the apartment management would find out or he'd get out & kill a neighbor so I gave him away.
note to self: don't fouette in the living room.
I had a lot of sodium at lunch and then I was mean for two hours. Does this ever happen to you, or only Gwyneth Paltrow?
Miami Dolphins: Deciphering fact from fiction regarding Jake Long
Allo, evening and just a quick Q -- as monitor's tiny. Um, is that avatar a blue coin?
she had a 2 foot pixie stick a little while ago...lmao
shout out to christine please!
Cool "Yoga at Bears Den" shoot in Loudoun last week, photos soon.
I'm betting on WWP National Squad.
hold me lol
ICONic Blue.
You're killing me Pack
do you have any more pictures of Harry in a beanie? I think it's the most attractive thing
Town hall meeting to discuss water projects will be at the Columbia Heights Community Center tonight from 6:30 to 8:30 PM.
I think the arguments for open carry are more convincing than those for concealed carry.
lol not at all
thx for fdbk. if we don't send results it tough to gauge quality on real world qs. Product is 2wks old & lots of room for improvement.
So far so good! Just WAY too busy in my personal life!
But you love the child just the same ;)
I didn't watch the grammies but i do love
its going show.lol silly man
Donnie - what do you think about Tito leaving the Sox?
thanks for everything you've don for me. I hope we stay friends FOREVER and EVER! :)
Bout to get some ink.
Indeed. Have been a long standing fan, visited twice last year!
Now: town hall on future media - btw happy birthday to
CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER. And Im Listening To One Of Your songs
"Sanctification" is still relevant!
Come see student performances - Live at the Fishbowl, 7 to 10(ish) pm TONIGHT.
Will do.
Yeah, that's good that you didn't get that attached.
Just in case you haven't noticed, IT'S AN OPINION SHOW !!! Unlike CNN&MSNBC , FOX separates hard news from opinion !
If you don't invest in marketing your book then how readers know to read it??
Writing the last few pages of my thesis at with Usher and Foster the People blaring from frat houses outside.
Technically, yeah.
April from had great points. Before jumping into social media, carefully think about your goals and make choices.
That one is on B Marsh. He was afraid of getting hit.
Hm, someday I'll try it >.<
The release of CS6 is today! Who is excited?
S/O 2 <-- Go Follow her to gain more followers!! My loyal followers!!
I hate you 😡
Budget signed...It's a sad, sad day for Wisconsin.
you are such a liar! >;\
Gently reminding people that we can't actually claim #copyright on someone else's 17th-century publication.
Occupy Wall Street is on full view metaphorically and profoundly at LA Phil now for Sellars/Salonen/Shostakovich. Do not miss "Orango" wow!
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION <3
Everyone excited for the 64th Annual Opening of the Beaches Parade tomorrow!? This years theme... HILLBILLY HOE DOWN!
Feels like Wednesday should be Thursday.
Good Morning Farmers, come by & say "Hi!" to your fellow Farmers, our strain of the day is George Clinton.
LOL. But she does tend 2 score 1 here and there on delivery alone. She is definitely a Roast comic....
ITs FRIDAY.
Spending the day driving and tasting our way through South Australia's Barossa Valley.
no I anit
You can do it! Head down, and go.
11:06 pm what about there?
just do it baby
OMG tscheesy OMG are you going to see the MeganGlass? Go to Voodoo Donuts and get the Ol' Dirty Bastard!
RT ": Mercy, Mercy me that Murciealago."
but where's ??
Well thats still amazing that you get to see them! I got seats way in the back, yet it was still 40 bucks.
A little game of Bowling @ red rock! Woohoo!
Witnessing the bizarre convergence of my teenage son reading The Scarlet Letter on his android phone. Technology doesn't make it suck less.
Christmas brings excitement; post-Christmas brings a return to normalcy. Looking forward to both.
GOOD MORNING! :D
Thanks to everyone who joined in the #healthyatx conversation yesterday, lets keep it going today.
Crap day being turned around by listening to the Dateable play Jazz on public radio. *le sigh*
“: Deion Sanders is just an awful human being.” I so agree with you .... Prime Time is a DBAG!!
Ha, a Rangers fan, eh? : ) Looks like May 23rd will be the date, hoping to lock that down and get invites out tomorrow.
Quote of the day from my research: "Really Bro. Oldham, I can't see why Dr. Brewster is such a blockhead."
Are you doing better?
you already have one
I hear congrats are in order!!
Today, April 25 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest, Sylvia Allen | Sylvia's Children | www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
pulled pork>coleslaw>fried green tomatoes>brooklyn summer ale>pecan pie>brooklyn monster ale. it's good to be the king...
That was traumatizing.
All these over emotional girls that post everything bitching about how their douchebag boyfriend dumped them...
Will be there shortly w/ ! RT Playing the Bank bar and grille tonight in downtown Dubuque, IA. 9pm 21+ and free!
you not no baby
now write mine
RT : LM: #Bears coaches worked with players on field today for first time as offseason program entered its third week.
We're open late night and the DJ is getting ready to turn it up!
Hey #indyslis #IUPUI! Nuts and bolts meeting tmrw goes over how get funding for student groups and campus events...#bannedbooksweek anyone?
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
CES CONVENTION IN VEGAS JAN 6TH THRU JAN 9TH BOOK YOUR DISCOUNTED ROOMS NOW AT www.myvegaspeople.com
you in love wit a fat white bitch step ur game up
All comedy situations have to get more terrible, the minute you get over it, the humor is gone.
not as mean as punk
Speaking of bike videos, would like this: #iMedia25 Brands Pioneering Online Video! See the videos that made the cut! imcn.it/Ac8zWH
Testing my Twitter-MapMyWalk.com Connection
3 finals down, 2 to go.
I want tickets to April 22nd Houston TX
All appointment times have been filled for this week. Please call Monday to schedule your windshield repair.
RT : Just so I understand rules: W can use a flag-draped body from 911 in his ads, but Obama can't mention that he got bin Laden?
did I say I would never join Twitter or something??
who u going in on lol....
Happy Mothers Day to my mother & to all wonderful mothers <3
what danny don't know don't hurt em...
you'll be alright, no one can hurt you now.
Most popular "going Bald" auctions ebay
Dentist: Doing anything fun this summer? Me: Agggrraaaagggraararaggaaa
I can help
If Zombies did in fact exist, most of the people at your school would be safe.
Nyan cat is trying to promote itself again with new ideas... No just stop
I cant stop playing family feud on the ipad
I'm visiting! I want to connect you with a friend of mine whos a rising sophomore. I think you'd be a good fit to mentor!!
Looks like we're not going to get a KU-MU matchup for the Big 12 championship. Very disappointing.
Hanging out on the back deck this evening, just finished dinner. Watching Boise/VA Tech on ESPN.
Sounds mighty good Joe!
I hate my bus....with a burning passion...
if we can do nothing else, let's empower the peaceful by watching them stand for what we know in our hearts we all need
Love the discussions on #finecraft! Thanks 2
Si. Last night. Five iPads. Five people. The #target five.
OK. But December was really grim... speaking of, if you want a weekly dose of home, check out Grimm
I Can Never Do My Nails Without One Of Em Gettin Fucked Up !
10 minutes in and out of the path lab, and early to work. Way to be better than Quest, UMMC.
*they come to your room* Mom:this is the doctor *Austin walks in and your mom leaves you alone* A:Where Dose It Hurt? ;] -
That's great. He is making great progress it sounds like. Glee was alright for me. Curious to hear what you think about it. :D
What's up all you tweeters
coming to your studio this morning. Getting the nickel tour. You gonna be there?
I do love firebug. and a couple other plug ins but its buggy
miss u too see you Mayfest 2k12!!
- long time! You must tell me the most interesting radio controlled plane you have built lately!
def head over to elephant and castle in London then. It has both
“Keep on praying for faith, it is through prayer that you develop all your wonderful qualities of soul. -Myrtle Fillmore”
Or Aaron loves Angela?
not that expensive but when you factor in parking, food, drinks, and stuff it add up. I would pay 3x that to go back to GB.
Having a boy who likes you in french class is great when the snack lady comes around.
Congratulations to for great turnout at Moore today for the kickoff
Oh Ryan Gosling, you sexy man youu 
umm I checked twitter and FB an now I'm thinking of getting out of bed
Our thoughts reach out to those who lost loved ones on 9/11. We are praying for you. God blessed America
I woke up this morning to - yo raps and Coney island
I wish I was hanging out with my friends right now...
#Flyers have a smooth road to the Eastern Conference Finals. NJ or FLA in round 2.
No... because you know what you're picturing otherwise. And it's even worse.
Hmm... never thought about that. Perhaps there's no publisher agreement?
So done with school :p
So happy to se big daddy berk finally get a ring. Long time stud of my fantasy baseball team.
": South SF has been selected as the recipient of a KaBOOM! Community Build playground project, to be constructed at Orange Park."
A beautiful, powerful night of theatre.
Red Lobster with my mommy!! :))
wow I didn't know you could play that is neat!
Its impossible to be in a bad mood when your listening to Taylor Swift!
Yes, definitely! Didn't realize you were there! sorry I missed you.
sorry I couldn't be there to hear the talk. Definitely interested in hear more.
The biggest social media opportunity your brand is missing
Not this year baby. RT Michigan State had advanced to the Final Four every season they were a #1 seed.
Moving from Hello Nasty to Ill Communication here in a sec.
WOW ...UT College Republican President tweets RT My president is black, he snorts a lot of crack. Holla.
Wow. Only 5 minutes at #Transmediale and I've already been condescended to twice. This must be some kind of record.
My Hannah makes me happy. I mean sometimes its hard to hang but we got a discounted meal so whatevs!
RT if you're a mama's girl!! i know i am lol
Thank you Sir. Have a good weekend!
The Basics class w/ Katie & loved it! Dripping sweat by the end, definitely addicting! Do u have a fav class?
Works for me. I knew you'd be amped. I'd love to see "Helmet" even if it is just Page Hamilton and some hired guns.
Bout to wash these dishes and hop my ass on this treadmill
Sleepin on a couch past 5 months is weak af
when people know how to push your buttons & that's exactly what they do <<
Read that last post. IT is the last straw. We are OUT of there! Bring our troops and their gas home!
But seriously. Craig lange (issac from the love boats brother) taught me how to dj.
Work starts at 10. Legend of Korra starts at 11. So. Upset.
Massive St. Pattie's Show....Saturday...Waiting Room....ALL AGES!...$3 Green Beer.. Lets drink Omaha.
MAKE SURE THAT U GET www.itunes.com search Doin It Bad.
lol Monty Python not helping?
wat u mad for man txt me brittany
End of long 5 day trip - excited to be headed home to Colorado!
Well great.
iktr I'm bout to get mine all cut off n colored
Have you ever thought of doing your pregame ritual with powdered sugar? Im pretty sure talc doesn't taste as good.
nothing much just working, trying to get to this $$!! How everybody doing? How long are u going to be down there??
This is definitely, the happiest I've ever been in my LIFE!!!
It was so fun having the #banjoapp in Vegas! Incredibly efficient!
me too! i dont want it to be a settle red though, but not bright red, somewhere in between haha
Biggest penalty kill of the year coming up.
So go easy on me.
where is #WHENINNY? :)
RT : Starting work on the new album this week. Thank you so much to for letting us borrow gear.
Just saw someone trying to jumpstart there car with a riding lawn mower
we chillin this week? Wednesday I'm free
Can't wait for our Splitsville #bowling event - SOLD OUT - If you RSVP'd we'll see you there!
are u bein sarcastic?
So many cool stuff happening this year&&we cant even go :/
Happy Healthy New Year: users clock 29155 mins or 486 hours of online yoga in the first week of 2012!
RT from Iran proxy addresses being blocked almost immediately - they need more!
Continuing my quiet wish that you stay in Education...
#c2css12 Give oral feedback on student papers. Let them hear your voice!
See me, I dont have 2 dress Hoish 2 get attention. Dats why I hang wit da crew I have now
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions Small people always do that but the really great make U feel that U too can become great
i hate this current state of mind. :l
Seahawks! Arghhh! Still had a good time with
D.C. today and tomorrow. Jersey and NYC till Friday.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Open for dinner 5-7pm. The meatloaf special is selling like hotcakes!
it be really cool if everyone in the world voted for ! it would for sure make chuck norris smile!..haha
Watching tv
send to thanks
It's kind of a weird animal, not widely used yet - but cool for breaking/developing news I guess
CONGRATS I LOVE MY WILDCATS!
When I get mad at my boyfriend, I don't yell at him anymore, all I do is shake my fist and yell, "MCFALL!!!".
Ack! Universal's live feed is down!
Great workshops @ the WA State #Mentors Conference - helpful #fundraising strategies by from !
did you do the thingy ??
I almost didn't. Don't even remember talking 2 other 4. So great 2 meet u! Love y'alls sense of humor!
watch Dance Moms: Miami.
Will ours work? We've got two
Why is my teacher such a bitch...
had last night off = Tube of fig newtons AND Oreos. I raise you gas and a processed food hangover sir.
Haters gonna hate.
no problem..we'll do it some other time
I hate seeing this disgusting shit when I come home .
We're not afraid of the heat - come on down to 12-1:30p and check out the sizzling WIckerbach!
Great night with my friends. Much needed
more accurately maybe is aside not looking past yourself, some have trouble seeing the individual rather than the stereotype.
ha my mom bust it out sometimes too! Funny Stuff...
talking to my frans & I said well I wont have to buy make-up cuz I dnt wear it and my friend told me yea but ur going to have to , really?
Bruce Irvin may be the best LB drafted by Seattle since Brian Bosworth.
Any #isedchat friends headed to #ISACS2012 in November? We are there presenting all day Nov 9!
HOSEA is out, they are gonna break up the couple!! BKLYN, NY waddup!!
How great would baseball be if the only stats kept were wins and losses.
So, anyone have handy a link to post on how Instagram is good (despite faded colors) b/c it refocused attention on the art of composition?
So bored
Walker finding links betw Pratt's paper & Alexander's book The New Jim Crow - construction of racial caste system
Do I have Any London followers ? If your out there I have a question I need answered so let me know : )Ψ
My Day Fry Day.
ill bring the ruffies;)
Just completed Level 1 - Day 1 of Gorilla Workout
Thanks for the #FF love! Have a great weekend!
I have seen a lot of crazy people in SF, but I think I am just saw the craziest one yet...
It's got a yoga studio, it has to be good RT : If it's good let know. He's always scouting out coffee places
yeah, that may be a little too company town.
Just said I was going 2 punch N the face over a Chris Brown ramp. TOTALLY DIDNT MEAN IT THAT WAY! Let the cranky phone calls bgin
Shabbat Shalom Everyone !!
Sadly has been diagnosed w/ stage 1 probate cancer.
How'd you do that one you just posted with your name?
End of the first quarter. 3-0 for the
thanks I'm pretty excited!:)
Pirate game with my fellow minajjsss
Welcome to the Gutta where the lights dim, pu**y boy me no like them
aw haah its ok because its not the first thing i see but its right in front of my ihome so i do see him quite often lmao
A Queen is the front-man for Queen
I dont wanna be at work right now.
Charity Partner spotlight: hope for Heather Foundation supports young women living with breast cancer. Heather Taylor was 26 when she died.
you're the reason why i wake up in the morning <3 LOL JK i have school
could you send me a link to his instagram?
Not enough sugar in my coffee. I wouldn't even be drinking this if it wasn't for you, Gorgeous Iowa State Guy. I blame you.
Taking the time to properly set up your bass pays off,you might NOT need a new bass after all.If you can,t do it yourself seek a pro luthier
Do you like Lance Long to make an impact tomorrow?
LOL!! RT : One should NEVER sweat out Jameson intentionally. You sir, are evil.
Preferences are negotiable. Convictions are non-negotiable. -Tony Hill, 2-time Super Bowl champion with Cowboys.
Metta...Queen's Bridge
Live Love Laugh STUDY
Time magazine cover yeah - remember the National Geographic thing. What was that 1940's? U f*****g people ARE PATHETIC.
Mastering a couple live singles for Joey Stuckey today. Various client website updates today to.
Great work on Raising Hope tonight. Keep on keepin' on!
Happy Monday morning! I hope you had a great weekend off! What did you do?
Nice day out, need to take advantage
The matrix is getting interesting!
And she acts like a celebrity… dude please!
Just found Foucault's Power/Knowledge in the religion section of this book store...
Niggas is childish #RealShit I see why they fuck with bitches younger than them...
Thx Kathy for sharing.
Niall will notice you don't worry and im stupid as hell what are you talking about XD
Lol searched erryone but me, I wish they would have!
Anyone else do this? #retro or no? MT : postal worker called me "old school" for wrapping package in brown paper...
good one but it's So Lebron Ah
Dammit! And I make such good cornbread, too.
The extreme zoom on Kobe made me laugh
Thanks for the #FF love. Have a great weekend!
I can understand that. I use Readability because most sites just do a terrible job of making their content easy to read.
Artists whose work was selected for #SpiritandPlace show, Unclothed: Exposing the Art Nude, being notified today. Show opens Nov. 11.
I know, I know, it's bad. Will be looking to upload a format that is easier to update. Promise a major overhaul soon.
I know. Shameful
RT : RT : We want to hear from you! Share your #smallbiz story with us by entering the #SBW2012 video contest:...
The key to happiness=having a profound level of self awareness.
Margaret Mead "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. It's the only thing that ever has."
I don't get how the pirates strike out so fucking much. You're in the majors for a reason, show me why, hit the ball.
Literally exhausted from entering in 28 pages of a manual order with another 28 to go tomorrow. So this is what cube life does to me :(
Sleeping when you're sick is the worst! And theres so much thunder outside. I think I was listening to the wrong H Hayes song.
The only reason I wear pants or shorts in public is because it's frowned upon not to.
Eduardo Saverin wears too much The North Face. If you haven't lived in Boston, then you really don't know.
Done talking about the Heat. Great win by the Pacers. Good to see they can win one on the road in a big game.
The idea that Romney should be paying more taxes assumes that the government should have that $, and that all taxes shouldn't be lower.
made my whole night !!
RT : New chefs for Mint & Bonvenu.Travis Milton, formerly of Parkside, joins team at Mint, open Monday.
The reality is that we were bottling cocktails before Mr. M. At least that was my understanding when he was here last.
ARTOMATIC opens tomorrow! I had a sneak peek yesterday while on my shift. 9 amazing floors of art! Find me on floor 3 by the tattoo parlor!
no doubt
Not planning on cuffing a girl i cant see myself with in the future
If the effort that went in research on the female bosom had gone into our space program, we would now be running hot-dog stands on the moon.
Good morning everyone btw
LA traffic reminds me of 28 Days Later. Not the zombie aspect, but because 28 Days Later I reach my destination 2 miles away.
You Rock! See you in Vegas ;-) Love what you're up to www.seeyourvisionart.com Check out www.CCOR.tv
RT : Congrats to the #USMNT on an epic win. Proud of Do work against Panama, boys!
I may be reading during baseball tailgate like a nerd, but at least I'm not stuck in the house grading
it's seriously the worst.
I have been watching OWN and I am really digging what Oprah is doing with her network. Check it out and let me know what u think
It's me birthday~~~ 50!
If one comes, I hope you continue to live-tweet your experience. #StaySafe RT : Standing by No tornadoes yet…
Who are you most excited to see at #BuzzBeachBall2012 June 2? Foster the People? The Shins? Sublime w/ Rome? Flogging Molly?
love you!!
The panel has concluded.
Congrats to you & Executive Sous Chef Bill Crouse who was selected for the Buy Local Cookout hosted by Gov O'Malley!
how is it that you two always manage to attract creepers
Hopkins launches beta today
no! I gotta watch that!
lmaoo kinda ! Aha.
thanks so much for coming Ali, it really means a lot. Hope to see you at a show soon! -Peter
Night Twitter.!
oh Steveth how we miss you. We shall be back soon with no promises of being the amazing rockstars we were again
Excellent choice! - The B Side RT : playing fireburn in my class
Watch tv. Play fifa. Or take a nap. Im really stressing out about this decision.
also when the steelers win sly will foloow one of you. GO STEELERS GO. hope to talk during the game but not sure
yes very sad...but many as you say would prob.be nice as well, but ...you don't want to deal w/ other if sick sometimes.
Christopher Paul Curtis is the BEST! He confirmed that the poem "Ballad of Birmingham" was what had him set Watsons there instead of Florida
My mom is so funny with her iphone lol
this is exactly what I didn't want to happen 😥
im feeling thrown in this bitch
I've been meaning to go to a game. But seeing the women play at RFK "back in the day" was amazing.
the trick is to laugh at yourself before anybody else does. That's how I've gotten rid of the fear of embarrassment :)
forgot to add
Theres no way im sleeping tonight
u remember the movie "Outbreak"? WWOD?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GIVE US BACK 'WORSTS' --it truly is your gift to mankind. You're leaving us unarmed in this cruel world
Next week! Colorado Legislature!
WHEEK WHEEK! RT : We are officially starting the 1st annual #BlogPawty!!! *dances around in a circle*
Boots FlashMob tonite at 6pm @ 9th & F St. (behind Portrait Gallery). Call time is 5:45pm in front of Spy Museum!
DJ El Toro () on right now...listen up, people!
Oh my gosh, did you take that pic - in all of my days living in AZ - I never got a shot like that... thx for sharing :D
Tulsa killed my diet. I have never eaten so much junk food in my life.
Nice recovery 4 miles in Cheviot Hills to start the day. Not counting Fri's 100 yd dash, I have 2 more easy runs before my race
I knew u wld say dat Ur bitter cause weed giving dat pussy a run 4 its $ may b u should put it n smoking form & bag it
As of 7:00am we are open for business and there is no rain . About 400 sellers are here and are ready to bargain!
On today at 10am, hear OHC Asst Dir David Pettyjohn talk about nominations for the 2012 Oklahoma Humanities Awards.
Wicked Tickets Go on Sale in #SanDiego - I saw it in San Francisco...fabulous!
Wouldn't be holy week without my cadbury eggs
hi sweets! Great to see ya! We had on #mediachat and it was awesome!
no you have them call me. 202 246 2353. they're the ones who wanna talk to me...
for sure, thanks again for the free music!
PickUpLine: Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Don't leave us!
hahahahaha!!! there is something in our attic also, how weird is that!
I love it, but the appropriateness of my sense of humor is questionable at best.
Me: Kids, what day is it today? Them: Star Wars Day! Me: Why? Them: May the 4th be with you!! -- I win.
RT : So thankful that is my Governor.
yes (so far)
I can not wait to see the concert! ;)
my brother is getting me fucking tight like really dont get all up on my friends like that
At the ortho!
hening .. O.o
“: Loving the weather right now #thunderstormsarethebest” Doing Laundry?
what's the difference between bribes and campaign cob
BE COMFORTABLE IN YOUR OWN SKIN EVRYONE IS BEAUTIFUL
Except with much less hair.
New surroundings
Good luck in the semis this week
you go boy
Happy birthday to us....Happy birthday to us...#Kforce is 50 today! Happy b-day to our fellow Kforce offices!
Yeah I definitely agree!
really really really doesn't want to write her statement of purpose. She has no idea what to talk a bout. Ideas?
Pulling for Green Bay/Aaron Rodgers now - enough of the Brett Favre stuff. How many Super Bowls did Favre win again?
we can't wait Tasia!
Missing my baby boy.
#poziam You act as if sex is the only factor... What about IV drug users?
All of those things sound lovely. Have a great day!
For some reason, the chips and salsa at are REALLY good today! :)
Happy Birthday! Thanks for a great season!
And yet the political scientist in me says that corporate interests can't be ignored for long ...
ok- u r ok! Thats all. xxoo
i'm sick of the sleepless, never ending nights. I just don't car who's wrong or right... #SickOfYou by
go fist your self
A tweet so nice you sent it twice
DONE!! Follow me back??
Whitman, Price and Haddad! RT : Let Rockstar Games make the Running Man game.
Welcome new folks Hope you like the film
What's the probability of me getting head if I flip a coin?
Plant Manager position in TEXAS $120-140k + bonus
Say a good prayer before I go in this building today
John and I are obsessed w/ ours! It's the best. RT : Really loving apple tv. So easy to use
magic! Yes, red..where can I find a purple one?
I got Ohio myself DB. The troubling thing is I haven't seen anyone on Temple but I haven't gone looking to hard either.
hahah thank you!
"god will not send you into a battle you aren't equipped to fight, as yourself" - wisdom from
i love reading the five to drive blog, it's just amazing.
#oomf swear I look like Trey Songz....I don't. lol
Unless someone is paying attention & acting on your metrics they are just numbers!
NO! you cant do your hair flip anymore </3 im sad.
Damn I just got sleepy out of nowhere
Baltimore Internet Marketing Agency Becomes Newest Certified AdWords Partner
Tom Barrett is leading with 53% of the vote over Kathleen Falk with 39% with just about 5% of precincts reporting.
We need your music! main focus is to be a free outlet for undiscovered artists and their music so email
ah yeah, I love video
I knew keeps track of profiles I visit often, just check out the new "Close friends" feature. Would love more analytics like this.
u hit that hoe
that's right c: I don't.
Chuck E cheese : (
Now hiring promoters...dm for details!
...Our school has enough money for IPads but not enpugh money for something half-way decent for lunch?
Apple announcements: the bigger the hype, the less they changed.
Right? They dont even ship things to logical stops. I tracked a package from Dallas to ABQ that went to Denver first.
Apologies for the suggestions you need to lose weight or gain inches lately...
I know at least you still communicate, I love you stay bless
>I can sneak you in- :D
ok I'm done, :) follow me on this account
I'm about to go and sit outside and just sit there I got Alto on my mind
"Know the official post office abbreviations for all 50 states without having to consult a list."
"1 year subscription of Newsweek! 😍 It's good to be informed!"
In Gig Harbor! Leaving At 5:00am Tomorrow For Cali! Getting All My Girls Presents:) HMU! I'll Be Posting Pictures! :)
I hate skl I hate teachers I hate stupid people that choose to teach but hate and refuse to teach so they fail every1
U can tell I'm from Jersey I eat my subs with chips :).
We actually bought some of the chalk board spray paint. Great minds think alike!
Late night General Tso booty call.
he sprained a knee ligament. Not too serious compared to Achilles tear
I need to learn flash photography and now!!! any good tips are welcome!
Speaking of , why does it have problems with Chrome? Has anyone else seen this?
My Man..Frank Lucas voice...lol
why don't you 2 go get a room! #booyahijustsaidthat & should of heard what she was saying bout u last night
"Vision without Execution is Hallucination!"
that's true I forgot you have, still should be a good show though
which soccer teams did you have in mind?
CEO Kathleen Feely "The big difference of Casebook is that is uses person as object, and family relationships are the center."
If someone is sending you mixed signals it's because you're not the only 1 in the mix. Do better!
Did your ice cream truck driver wear pants?
when a close friend posts something about trust -_____-
Maryland what up!
this was alluded to by at #androidopen today. That design is about being true to the soul of the product.
"Sent in error". Sure. That's why their support site had an entire FAQ on it. Liars.
lol you got it right. I drew it on DrawSomething. Add me, TDGofficial, if you play it too
Towson will have a larger crowd tonight then at Byrd stadium. So much for edsall putting people in the seats....
Be careful driving down to Wildflower. 3 people got tickets on the drive down today.
Why is EVERYTHING broken today? Woke up late bc of power outlets that died, Eyetracker isn't working, my login at work stopped working. Ugh.
im on it!
Listening to the new Andrew Bird for the first time
Sipping a Pegu Club cocktail: 2 gin ,1 lime juice, 3/4 Cointreau, 1 dash Angostura & Fee's orange bitters. (Pain relief for snow shoveling.)
In french tomorrow is #GYHAB Music video but in American is tonight! - xo Demi.
Ok we can wait :)
I want it so bad
15 minutes until the webinar begins with and ! Feel free to use #ContentQs for all questions
when is the next big conference in the Atl
First tickets sold of AN APOLOGY!
Renear: how can a byte stream have a modification date without being a different stream? #kodm #heraclitus?
For a limited time, Newbury BerryLine has Passion Fruit flavor! We also have Nutella, Oreo-Peppermint, Maple-Almond and Original.
WE THANK YE...YOU DO KNOW WHERE IT CAME FROM, RIGHT?...T/F/S...
RT : So if we're going to make it up, why even call it "news"... >>>Hm.... I don't know why. Why not call it "An Opinion?"
Im not hard to miss!
good luck guys!
Sorry, my last tweet sounds closer to home than it actually is. Bear spawned live music taping culture as I know it. Not a personal friend!
Excited--Heather Sharfeddin's newest book is out. Go Windless Summer!
via - Bitter Democrats Claiming To Be Undecided Just To Watch Obama Sweat
Behind your image, below your words, above your thoughts, the silence of another world waits. ~John O'Donohue via RT
ice skating with the best friend, shelby :))
If the group I got added to is any indication, Facebook now caters to the 40 to 55 demographic. Weird.
you will love it..i worked really hard on that movie
The Packers got knocked out of the playoffs by the Superbowl Champions!
Stay posted for an upcoming improv jam this Sunday!
Did everyone just wreck?
Thank you for the #FF mention!
can you tell me who I need to contact at the CJ to have the station listed since we plan to broadcast the Bullitt east regionals?
Trust me, it was never perfection. Anything involving you is never perfection.
Might be on youtube. I had the 12 inch
10B: PEOPLE TO PEOPLE; HEART & SOUL; ADELANTE CHICAGO
you got me calling her mole!!
I cannot see any way in which NBC continues to give these shows chances. Network TV is a business, after all.
Alas, is having Twitter issues.
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
yup!! Come say hi!!
This is an awesome picture!
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
Governmental mandates cause separation and national division
OH.MAI.GASH.
I really want to see a video of covering "Have a Holly Jolly Christmas." I always think of him when I hear it.
What happened?
"It'sThatTasteful" just made me shoot boiling hot chicken bouillon out my nose! ROFL A barge?
Back in Memphis. Missing Dallas an Fayetteville
Scared to show your face? LOL
you have my prayers! Text me if you need anything while you are here! 9132085566! Hugs!
Thanks Seth! I'm technologically challenged! Just followed you! Check out my tweet on my new police brutality case. I rep a sergeant
Jennifer Love Hewitt Keeps Not One, But Two Winter Trends Alive! Looks like Jennifer Love Hewitt is entering 2012 with some seriously sty
& should produce a film adaptation of the book Irma Voth. Could be a masterpiece. Quizás.
Staying super focused is the only way during the buiding stages. I miss you tweeps!!!
yes defff call first. Don't want to interrupt them watching tv and smoking
hey Alex! You'd really make my day if you dmed me! :] <33
Made a paper airplane today. Thank you training week.
trying to get this project done
I hate it when you and your ex break up and then he acts like he doesn't care and then tries to get back together with you when you have som
my lord!!
how is it u want men to acknowledge u...not in a derogatory manner--yet you're wearing a glorified glam diaper...underwear?
Breakfast Burrito and an Arizona. Sounds good to me
I want you to play basketball, too. More specifically, at the RG, with the and against other teams.
"When everything feels like the movies - Yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive." ::goo goo dolls::iris::
Everyone keep and her family in your prayers today!
IN DA STUDIO WITH! I LOVE THEM!
thank you so much!
and that only! Haha I get you
Great night thanks to all who came out, killed!
Yeahh haha and with all the new friends I've met I'll have to start all over 'cause they'll act like they don't know me.
NINE! NINE! TWO THOUSAND AND NINE! I am going to bed.
Happy Birthday to today! I hope you have a wonderful birthday!
Now that is a second effort! Nice run after the catch Mr Gaffney.
really again?!? First I thought she blew on her song and she is just nasty to poor tony! Down with xtina!
I thought april came after may.
dedicating my first hash-tag tweet to
Most likely 👍😊
nice picture lol
I also picked him against so a thanks may be in order on Sunday.
great job today as usual sir! SRO ;) thx for hug IRL too! -CV
Almost wrapping up party at Luckys #Dynamo #Party Next Hudson
New Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers website: www.JohnnyLive.com
yes omg yu have no idea.
Like my new background? BTR crosses The Beatles
Cleanin up my act little by little
Hey Mr. Bond...thx for the 5. Where in Houston are you?
U.S. #NationalGrid Training in NYC with instructors from Delta State Univ.
I hope that someone discovers oil sands in massachusetts
I did not!
Heading to my 5th game tomorrow. No better deal in DC!
Thank you so much!!!
I&#39;m gone praise my way thru this! Yet will I trust him!
No but I will now! I was able to order with IE (I know, I was surprised too!), didn't work in Chrome or FF. thanks!
Born to be somebody!
Two weeks away from the election! How are you following it?
Holy crap i just realized it 5am :O
I watched my kiddo's play last night, sadly they weren't very clean and didn't make it to finals
never worked out before. So far I hate ha but I'm gonna try and stick to it
My giant pink post-it for Shared Authority: That orgs realize good ideas can come from anywhere & anyone.
My boyfriend is amazing and set an alarm to wake up at 530 to send me a good morning text <3
There is some hot trade up in the DMV
oomf needs to start talking....
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health. Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that.<3 HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
#nowplaying - Dear God.
I forgot to text you last night, (wed), I am so glad you got a nap, but MAN we missed you!! One day soon we will catch up!
NETFLIX ON MY PHONE!!!!
This weather makes me want to go back home and curl up in bed
Oh my God, this boy literally has his pants belted UNDER the cuff of his azz!!! Why are his boys allowing this?
we still gon b here for a few more days, but at least he doin better faster den dey thought
We're doing great! Stay posted for some exciting announcements in the next few days!
#OnlyAtHirschi is to accurate!
Graduate School is a Means to a Job via Know what you want, work toward it, be active.
Great. Look forward to it.
even though i didnt admit it today always makes me feel better when i'm sad... i luv tht girl :D
You got that nasty bounce RT : bounce little kitty 
JONATICS TILL THE WORLD ENDS
cool. Do they have twitter or any way I can contact them?
Yeah looks like there are only a couple of Cameron Crazies that showed up.
I hate it when ppl don't talk to me until they want something 😒
aw thank youu! :)
Is there a way to trigger tasks so they start upon completion of a different task?
oh absolutely
I'm just being petty and want someone to buy it for me, or cook haha
did Arod say something to Cabrera after that last hit?
It IS a neat little place!
if they're losing air...or if when you turn they start sliding or slipping
Words 2live by. RT : from Tw bio: “Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.” B. Franklin
When your parents are in town and start talking to their friends -___- and your just standing there like Do You Have A Hot Son/Daughter ?
because they think its cool (lies!)but true you have a point. Lord blessed us with a heart right? So why not prove u hav one?
Well, you have to figure some jackwagon would figure out how to spam on Twitter, right?!
Taupe with a glitter coat. <3
I feel so bad for everyone who doesn't have an iphone..
can any of you guys break dance? Lets see!!-Diana June 2 , section 110, Row BB Seat 18
After the game, the king and the pawn go in the same box
Where is the sun?
how does wed work? Xx
Hahahaha! Is your neighbor approximately 57 years old? Who blasts Simply Folk?
#NP n Drake "No lie" TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!
GO PATRIOTS! fuck u giants
It's 1thing to admit u did stupid things as a youth & to realize it was stupid. It's another 2 laugh about them as adult. Shame on u Romney
Everyone is in a relationship but me. But me.
I hate girls
OOH OOH! It's free Thursday at !
I define p0rn books as Penthouse Letters--i.e. an absence of story outside of the sex.
about time! What kind is it??
4 and a half....ugh. Ive been laying here for over an hour. JUST LET ME FALL ASLEEP ALREADY!
its ok to dream big but please follow them if not its in vain!!!!!!
..good cause for concern ... JM is a Chevy guy
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was So lost.
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron Big Pun. Oh wait. He's not a player, he just crushes. A lot.
i got a cell phone now
This is walkin wit 2 cups in here hand like she at an hotel...
I watched it! & aw. I think it's soo good! :) I loved it <3
Thanks boo (;
The kingdom of God is within you.- Luke 17:21
the only one worth following
Ironically, I seem to usually use it when I don't care what the heck someone is talking about.
Coal miner kid made me cry :( He needs another chance.
Rémoulade: Classic French sauce made by combining mayonnaise with mustard, capers & chopped gherkins, herbs and anchovies.
you ready to die? Lol
and even on websites formatted for mobile! When I first discovered that my mind boggled. Any theories?
I donated to St. Jude's last Christmas. This year, they spent the entire donation mailing me photos of bald kids and asking for more money
Am I the only one to just now learn that not only is Fuel still a band, but they're also on tour?
i left my phone in my room, and i swear if i dont have a text by the time i get back.. i will be
I'll definitely order and buy it if Rachel is going to do a book tour here in #Tampa so I can get her autograph!
Good question. Hope to have an answer soon.
Me: Ah, my hair is actually straight today! Rain: LOL, no it's not.
I do what I can! =) Your going to make your own music app? Sounds interesting! Some new twist?
lets beat that nigga ass
Can some one please tell me why I just got all dressed up at 2:15 in the morning with absolutely no were to go :|
Check out Passport to the Arts
It's the first Tuesday in May, but not Election Day. IN's primary election is held on the first Tues. AFTER the first Mon. in May or 5/8/12.
Also in the forthcoming second edition: an essay on "Time" by Valerie Rohy of the University of Vermont's English department.
Hooray for ALA Think Tank and new Twitter friends!
Lol...When you coming to fuck wit me?
I'm waiting for your friend Jon to tell me where Los Angeles, Japan is.
You're very welcome!
enjoy yourself!
you knucklehead!!
Glad to get on board. Thanks for the shout out.
Left school early! #HeckYes!
We could get the marble fun started early, by spreading them out on the ground just after last call.
trailer is looking great, are you as excited as I am...Way to go...great work on screen.
THINK THIN bars are Cartesian.
Does confirm that sandusky's legal fees are not being paid
The former. I'm on immunosuppressants for life now.
It’s #LunchTime, what are you eating? Build a better salad by choosing romaine over bib lettuce, which adds a hint of vitamin A.
That would be more stark trek episodes than exist...
I need to follow more people in different time zones..
Fanfiction...The therapy that the Lord created for disgruntled viewers.
I swear, it was so unhealthy. haha
Living here makes me feel like everything in my life is an actual movie
Must mean im German, still having fun though.
Try living in the area - coverage's starts at 7 AM and goes until about 8 PM
Lmao it was mad real last night RT : oh I would've been all on the bikes lol
Someone took a risk to leak the positive test to the media. why did they take that risk? We know someone took that risk.
where is everyone watching the Saints play tonight? Are you still excited eventhough the starters are not playing?
LONG TIME COMIN I CAN FEEL IT...
See. Just like that
Im Gonna Make A Beat Called "Nicotine" Since Im Like Wanting A Cigarette So Bad Right Now..lol My Bugler's Is At The House Smh Dammit lol
Men will be men and Girls just wanna have fun!!!
I hate this episode of jessie so bad omg
follow me back, #mahomie? :)
ahh ok yea David fincher is an amazing director. What movies r u looking forward to this yr?
To the Chilean librarians. What an amazing rescue.
Okay. Good to know it was just that one site. The demo looked really promising.
#ARMA112943 on metadata relities best session yet. Make sure to review it online when available.
Thank you for following
I couldn't agree more.
thanks! we agree.
What's the water for?
BITCH your idol is nothing compared to mine .
#edusaforum what are US HEIs doing to improve Int'l student experience in US? Improve housing options. get involved in volunteering
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Ready Ta Go Home...Dats For Sho
Only 5 days left to order your Christmas desserts!
Thanks man.
But seriously though, this sucks.
Tell us how you really feel...lol RT : Jerry Falwell was a fuck, a total loser fuck.
com — New York Times readers found an unpleasant surprise on page A11 on Thursday
#ImAStanBecause even at 39, eminem is still killing it.
Egads! I need to try, thanks!
Come on twitter friends lets make a car that runs on water and pee. Gas price problem solved
Thwre is a 60% chancw that it's already raining
We are alive and ready to enjoy #SheHeChat!
noo clue lol do u know when u'll be there? I wanna make sure I see u guys.
In the office at FLF. Just had my first staff meeting.
I really dont wanna be here right now
I'm coining a new word-- fauxclusivity: ritualized velvet-roping simply to suggest that a product/service is special; see Pinterest.
IU just can't seem to get rid of me. Two years after graduating, I just signed up for another course :)
This account is fucking embarrassing I'm taking over.
So true. Welcome home.
...and the the fact the "HE SCOTT FREAKIN DIAMOND" a Rule 5, A guy with 1 career MLB win! Dude, he's not Verlander yet! :)
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else.
Fast car is now playing at the bowling alley
Interview at 11 Friday
i wont trust me(; nd he has a small wee wee!
I love the song we are young with a burning passion!!
I want chocolate!!!
You're so dumb. LOL ;D
Now they're counting to 49. What's with all the random numbers?
Motley Cru on the iPod? Must have been one of those late-night, wine-induced download sessions.
Hmm... Yes it does! #postworkouthungrytweet RT : The $10.95 Steak Dinner Sounds pretty amazing tonight!
RT : No enrollment for anyone on #CHIchat today. You heard it from Mention #CHIchat and join FFC today!
Surburds is better than the city. More peace
Hope had a good day in SA, y'all come back now, ya hear!...seriously hope someday you visit Austin & LET ME KNOW. haha
omg Alex finally followed me :D but still nothing from Robert ;b
That was happenin'...I'm going to have to check out more of him!
You can pretend all you want but what is rewarded is the tangible manifestation of your work.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ZACH.<3
Both finals done. Final papers done. College done. Now that wasn't so hard.
Feeling creative
Omfg I dont know if its how I'm standing, or my new face mask but I can't hit..
so much going on in our lives today, the "unwillingness to work" doesn't appear applicable. If anything, we work way too much.
Happy Holidays!
Being fake is NOT cute. Be true to you! That's all that matters.
Thank you to everyone who joined my classes here in Singapore, thanks to Jo for organizing and True Yoga for hosting me!!!
hes never gonna come to Boston though:(
UPDATE: We are currently set on dog food, both canned and dry. Thank you to everyone that has provided supplies!
i dont see it D: poo!
I hate being by myself , I start thinking to much shit >_<
: Just trying not to get sick between stresses: gs, church, work(not bad), fam, the norm.
Having 2 dogs, 1 for a pet and the other one for dinner
E I. CAN'T. WAIT!!! I miss your face and can't wait to play!
#BieberFact Niall from One Direction screamed when Justin Bieber followed him. RT if you're gonna scream too when he'll follow you. ♥
i dont even think i can do this. smh
i think your so pretty i wish you would follow me
what wit the awwhss?!
Thanks Rick. Great site BTW
thanks for RT Amy!
MAN!!! It's beautiful out!!! I wanna go bike riding along the west side and Battery Park.
The heat are havin a bad game
Nice! George Perez, a GREAT #Avengers artist.
"At the center of our moral life are the great stories of those who have said no." - Susan Sontag -
I remember I cried when I saw Veil of Maya. Then I passed out from dehydration then awoke shortly and started dropping bodies.
I'm sorry ... I'm lot exactly
We're sold out. Thanks to everyone that stopped by! Enjoy your weekend. We'll be out here tomorrow.
love how Stevie keeps up with his cats. The home of Stevie getting lose. #weareuk #bbn #chasing8 UK
follow back??
that's all you!
i bet she was shamelessly shoving food samples in her mouth, am i right?
I can't believe ManU is going to win the EPL. Choke of epic proportions by Man City.
My luck with you/ is horrific as of late. Maybe I need to visit the Fremont office again.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie .......
tomorrow fair bitch i cant wait!!!!!!
#GIANTS Superbowl champions!!!
Tooniiiiiiiighhhhhhtttt! We are young. So we set the world on fire! We can go brighter!
Hi : Found you through Another LevelTen person. I've seen some of their Web design work. Sharp.
Or as sad.
YAY!!! Can't wait to have a big old piece! I know it's gonna be delish!!!
I'll be there! Halfway through the book & it's great MT Come listen to me talk about energy at Boston Skeptics in the Pub April 2
No you didn't! It wasn't the whole thing!!! Lol. And you didn't like it on Instagram.
Excellent point ;)
I can't wait until I'm skinny and have really long hair.
you are BEAUTIFUL<3 I love you! Please follow!?(:
Serbia has second longest canyon in the world after Grand Canyon: Djerdap Gorge (Iron Gate)
": bouncing jackson on my stomach hehe hes a little chubby baby" I wanna meet him
i dont like it when people spell my name wrong...especially on facebook chat when my name is RIGHT THERE. sorry but
I really can't stand the teeth whiting people in the mall.
Just finished up at the gym
Got absolutley no hw done this weekend. Oh well #YOLO except if your a Hindu.
Haha I don't think anything will help make this night less miserable.
Btw hai twitter (: sory I haven't been on in a long time :/
Sugarland is NOW the latest to be blamed for the Indiana State Fair Tragedy.Who's next the animals in the cattle barn?havn't blamed them yet
I can't even right now.
Is this the work of Sauron or Saruman? One coffee ring to rule them all, and in the dark roast, bind them...
it's not great at all but has lot of value internationally
follow back please? Im new.
I wish I could wear hockey jerseys all year... Most comfortable shirts ever. But with temps hitting 80 time to retire em til fall.
Insightful questions here at the smarter supplier management session with and
You are awesome. Thank you for the RT
Travel Mugs Custom imprinted with your Logo. Design your Promotional Travel Mugs to fit your style and personality.
I worked last night til midnight than worked 9am today n just got home I'm shot I will be dreaming of making bloody marys and damn mimosas
gonna watch PLL at 10 because i was driving here when it played the first time:/
Even if we can't be together in the end I'm still grateful you were part of my life at one point
#ThatPastEx you can never get off your mind,no matter how bad he treated you /:
Thanks for the follow, Keri.
watching #ThePlagueDogs, and taking notes for a comparison later.
Hearing the Angels being introduced with the Darth Vader theme in the background is hilarious! Yankees..you are the Evil Empire...come on!!
thanks for the follow as well...glad our name keeps coming up!
I hope the plastic men are not large...
Good job tonight go rangers!
ant that the truth bro!!
Next year man, next year. In the meantime your boys aren't winning anything....
Have you ever thought of doing a duet with another artist? If so, who? I LOVE YOU, AMY. YOU ARE MY IDOL AND A GODDESS! <3
what you did was no worse the what John And Ken did. You just publicly vocalized your opinion about them. Rude and uncalled for
Aged cougar = pterodactyl
#stouturday ... Why have I not thought of this yet?
Amoba Records Sold out OF HOOKS C.D.S and RECORDS more comin soon!!Cheers Yall!!
will kitten mittens be on display?
Watching crazy clouds pass as I work in the Coolum, AUS library. So much to do, so little FOCUS!
If I talk about my fears, do I give Fear legs?
“: thank YOU for watching/listening!” I Listen EVERY DAY!!
crazy huh? Nvr met the guy before.. Funny we almost even wear same clothes! Lol
- You're right. Nothing beats conducting a physical survey of the door to get the right info. Leads to additonal svcs too
coming to Tennessee Feb. 17!(: I'm mad exited <3
I hate the #Dutch but Seedorf is fantastic.
follow back pls
Mason Co 32 Montgomery Co 26 at the half.
My new favorite local museum--the Musical Instrument Museum. Thank you!
Can I have a follow back?? :)
"As you exit the aircraft please be aware that it is extremely cold in Chicago. If you have a coat put it on now." Back to reality!
Good rebounding, no foul trouble, and Sammy has to shoot well
Patricia, we had a blast in LA! RT : Look like you all had so much fun! LA Tweetup!
How many places can say they are by, for and all about artists?
Wow this class is so boring:/
Your keg is magical, 102% capacity? That's my kind of keg!
#biebermemory literally making an hour long video with Bri talking about ourselves & said we were gonna send it to Justin......we never did.
Good one, Todd.
ik! :( I was too busy being "fake" I didn't realize I was loosing the corn
people who think you're pretty great! :)
he did!! Omigosh yu are so lucky!!!! Just on random??
BandSoup compilations coming soon-- what genre would you like to see covered?
Worst. Life. Ever.
On the back to NY
Congrats to Big 10 Pub A's rival Dexter's on their 26-4 win over Harmony Bar. Now tied atop the MSCR Bay League standings.
A, five rejection emails in one day, I believe that is a new record for me.
didn't even hit me up though ... -_____-
- how bout TJ Rodney and Tyler. We been battling for years. Bring Amile wit you when you come. LOL. Good luck wherever you go.
Wow, Joe Scarborough is pathetic and so are Geist, Ford, Jr., and Barnicle for going along with him. No wonder I quit watching Morning Joe.
wish my wife would tweet when she is mad. Easier than guessing.
The last 4 teams to beat Oregon all had great quarterbacks: Kellen Moore, Andrew Luck, Terrell Pryor and cam newton. LSU? Nothin.
Been dying for a new mix of that song but the original and Duke were so perfect I didn't want to mess it up! lol
if you are a cop why are you talking to me without my lawyer present?
text me. now:)
There is a lot of music being ruined tonight...but The Cult is the worst thus far.
Does he have nothing else to do? Hahaha
Stay Tuned for COOL MEET-UPS At The Spa Bar! Got A Meet Up Idea? Give us a shout and let us know about it!
#sciencedenial Keynote by Sean B Carroll; panelists wilson da silva, john hawks, robert lee hotz.
oh boy! You know how I like things, zesty. Ps: Consider the door off the hinges. #wide &
You know it! See you at Mardi Gras?
yes! I knew of you before the movie and thought that scene sounded familiar. Was that an original piece?
Hey, Seth. That's a lot of followers. You must be doing something right! Enjoy the CO winter.
wow I never see you on Twitter. How are you?
LOL, im like the store Forever 21 :)
People WHO. Not people THAT.
no they aren't.
totally agree! Did I tell you that his last twitcam when he was in Australia. He answered my question. I still remember that!
I've been clicking the follow button a lot today lol
I'm with you there!
GLOBE 6 adventures: Airline tickets
Ha no apology needed for that! We have to hang again soon!
wait a minute , she talking *walks slower* okay she's going to the office *sprints* lmaoo
On the freeway, going to seattle to pick up dad from work....yes, its 12:30am
Awesome #Bangarang last night at ...props to
That #bomthreat at the #USConsulate in #Tijuana turned out to be a false alarm say TJ authorities
#TRUE RT A lot Bitches Say They PRETTY & PAID But Neither PRETTY Nor PAID
Other than a payroll tax hike, how would you "protect" social security and Medicare, Sir?
lol.... Ok buddy
Scrolling thru stations on my drive & heard a killer mix on KISS LA. Brought back so many memories.
I hate when the DJ don't play enough rick Ross stop playing that slow shit.
i missed ur hugs (:
I love 80% of Sleigh Bells songs, and the remaining 20% I loathe. Curious.
Best wishes....
yes understand, not including you but all the rest. :)
ahh... working on a team with everyone jockying for attention from the team leader.... nice
#Cubs Castro was 2-for-2 with a RBI. I'm pretty sure this was because I wore his shirt today. Keep it up, Starlin.
could be :)
quite a game - bracket busted - congratulations
It's gonna rock :)
I am hip
": Today is my 2nd anniversary!"Congats Bethenny and pls be nice and kind to him today we love you
Anyone interested in making us some cover art? :)
Love our walkers! RT : HeyLupus, ur starting 2 weaken, more survivors have failed your plans of destruction. WE WILL DEFEAT U
If followed me, i would probably cry from being so happy! It would make me the happiest person ever! :)
call me
Realize that everyone does not have the same beliefs and opinions about controversial issues. You win some, you lose some
:) Hey,How are you?
I have my AP Government test on Tuesday and haven't even attempted to study. Should be a jolly good time.
whats up with your lions tonight?
Can't lol sorry
have to have the obligatory salad :P
why r u up SO early!
music helps me escape the reality of this shitty world
Thanks! RT : Listening to the Orchestra ,, we have some talented musicians in Cincinnati! The best out there.
Love is much more polished now but Blake has a upside...I would take Love. He really knows the game.
New season of "Storm Chasers" starts this Sunday!!! I'm so excited! I can't wait!!!
“: We opened the 2012 year with a new award for best product in Builder magazine for our EcoClad XP." congrats!
thanks Quico, this is Julio and as you know I'm loyal follower of your music and great environment you create with your mixes
...love her so much and don't know what I'd do without her. 💛
Thanks Maria! Hey, how can I find you on Facebook? I use that way more than Twitter and I'd love to keep closer contact.
Ladies book club tonight...join us and find out what we're reading next! Upstairs in the brewhouse at 7!
You're-My-Life ♥
#teenwolf fans who's ready for Teen Wolf tonight????
#oomf Got some nice, fresh taTs! lol {}
Great photos!
Our CEO just spoke at #girlscouts100 in favor of "Council Service Fee" proposal! Go, Ruth!
My oldest & best friend unexpectedly died a year ago today. We had such plans. Still seems unreal.
New York City Comptroller John C. Liu to present the Lunch Keynote Address at the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conference, Oct. 3rd. NYC.
South Falcon lost 49-61... 3rd place game is tomorrow afternoon.
im on my phone,, but im bout to check it
Don't you DARE say it's an exaggeration!
If I could create and sell a 25th hour in the day, I would be a very wealthy man.
people talk about this #deanslist, im just glad i made it on the
Aww... Thanks, it is pretty hefty. I could email yas
Family, friends, ph(f)ysical health, food, football - 5 of the 6 great F's of life. So much to be grateful for. Happy Thanksgiving..
ha I tweeted you at da same time! thats crayy! but yes I am alive..guess I'm a loner! haa
well stranger things have happened! Although I do have full faith in the Hornets, just wish Emeka Okafor could play tonight
No matter what my personal hang ups are...I am always there for my clients!
I usually get there 1st then Pippin wants to be wherever I am.
did u know that if u grew or killed ur own food & never ate anything processed u would never have 2 brush ur teeth?
Black girls with blonde hair
#supernatural is one of my top 5 tv shows, got Netfix? 100 episodes are on there.
Why? Note that feels that published results of publicly funded research are not "another matter."
Crap, I missed the show!
welcome. Glad you made it in!
You're watching First Take too!! Love that show. Highly entertaining.
good! my wireless keypad lets me do the same, essential when I am doing archival research < adding citations and the like >
At San Jose for McSweenys readings
Working on homework with my sons can be do rewarding :)
I have two letters for John Brenkus and ESPN's Sports Science on the 3D assessment of Bubba Watson's shoulder rotation......B S!
Snoop does it again. Young Wild & Free is da jam! Check it out.
Blueberry Kisses!♫
love you boo boo! You talented, sexy thang u!
did you submit that? I'm not seeing it. . .you should have gotten a confirmation email if it went through.
is like the most awesome guy. Juss sayin :)
good luck man!
you tweeted some truth there.
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
I just seen two squirrels fucking
who the fuck has the attention span for that?! and if anything, they'll see the other vids and KNOW that NY put in effort
you jump,i jump...remember
true that.
Yay! The Welcome to the Jungle vinyl single was my 1st "real" record. Played it on my Fisher Price record player. I was 10!
So sick of constant Windows Updates. I want an iMac.
aw, have a wonderful time. Love you and miss you pretty lady. Xo
This girl just sed "does chinease people be on welfare?"
Tammy Baldwin invokes President Bush's name in her announcement. When will liberals stop campaigning against Bush and start owning up?
Couldn't decide whether to have red or white for dinner.
RT : A4: Unique. Knowing your strengths. Local printing company offered to print resumes for FREE for the unemployeed!
learning a lot about the politics of having to wear the Salvation Army uniform. And that church gossip is universal (duh).
eh...guys can't.have enough hats!
Q6) What if you really don't have a dream and never had one?
I tell my girl when she fuck me better fuck me good, cuz if another girl could she gon' Fuck me good
Going to bed. Night my peeps(: I hope you all had a good day!
July 4, 1776: the day that we �unfollowed� King George
just wondering... what do you think is the ratio of non internet users to bad miami drivers? Food for thought.
Soon as I turn on the game, jake gives up 5 quick runs...wtf?
Add to that the fact that Abe Rosenthal made an affect/effect error in his recommendation letter for Tony Lukas's fellowship…
": RT - I want OD tixs! I love the #Padres because... They made my 4yo tell me we should take the day off and go to the game!
Kali it was so nice seeing you!!! I'm going to miss you so much! And thank Victoria for planning it!!
Going in for my interview at Crossroads
who likes my profile picture i might change it again
..being taken wow
RESTAURANT WEEK! Come enjoy a 3 course meal with a glass of wine included!
So many travel plans, so little time (to get my passport lol)! ✈
Birthday TOMORROW :D
Ok, is that snow flurries I see?
In so much pain. I don't want to be at work today more than ever :(
Me too!
I dunno what bazinga means, but you should come to Nocturne sometime. With me. It's been ages. Maybe this was just some quote.
RT : FoodieGems is looking for passionate #Foodies to guest blog for us. Interested? Send us a DM
We're so glad you enjoyed it! :)
You are very welcome, from both of us. You bring a much-needed element to the hood, and you will see us again soon.
Why do I alway turn the music down in my car when looking for street signs? Like that is really going to help me see them better
DIAMOND-TIP MICRODERMABRASION FACIAL services now up at Thread and Sugar! What are you waiting for? Call us @ 559-761-0669 for appointments.
TONIGHT: Find us at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street, 10pm-2am! Bring your friends, have a drink, and sing nice and loud!
I know what you mean. The cold is so stupid sometimes
Record YTD sales for Subaru Canada
Hell no! Ima boilermaker! Btfu! RT : you kinda look like UGA, are you sure your not from Georgia
Man R.I.P cases boi shonte damn this shit gotta stop . But fa now "thats just the way it is" -tupac
Calipari john? no way! not the least bit interested in that option. hopefully he doesnt change his mind :)
Netflix having Twin Peaks available for online viewing is helping me get *so* blessed little done.
Please,Please follow me good afternoon beautiful
thanks for the #FF !!!
Are you on the plaza? I think I just saw you, I should have said hi!
Canucks announce they are leaving the nhl because they are going to be the new Canadian Olympic dive team.
feels good to stay up and not have to b anywhere tomorrow. no work no school no performing arts classes for the kids. just chill.
I did that last week ~
I would like to invite everyone to the ribbon cutting opening the new Twin Falls Resort Lodge on Wednes, June 15th, at 10:30a.m.
I know that was meant as an insult, and that is why I'm giving you "the face" right now. but don't fret, I didn't run it anyway!
Jealously a mother fucker to be honest. There's no such thing as "haters", their jealous to be honest.
That's not even all of them! Lol Those are the finales! #Phew #Tired 😜
My daughter loves "Labyrinth" and will sing the "dance magic" song with me....this makes me happy
In a great mood!@!@
Look forward to seeing you there!
I think they are .. :) id never put em in a dangerous situation
While loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
Thanks for the interest. We're on it.
placing reorder for another happy client on imprinted pens. Thanks Dan V!
Hi Tye! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks!
thats the definition of a fake! lmfao.
Type in Google's search bar "do a barrel roll" and hold on for the ride :)
Do you Instagram??
it was indeed! I learned a great deal and was inspired. I am grateful to and the community for their hospitality.
You think Chael will taken down Silva? Does the winner get Jones next?
Uughhhhh ... need to do homework .. but I am pisssseeddd !
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it RT what an impressive, exciting public diplomacy #SIS419AFG presentation -- wow factor multiplied!
if you feel like a loser just remember one thing.. you were the sperm that one the race that really counts
end of regulation time in game three - for the third consecutive series the sharks go into overtime in game 3... lucky threes!
They are little ones. I'll be in touch via the website.
on dancing with the stars?
been busy...did casting workshops recently with Jeffrey Drew, Kevin Mockrin, Adrianna Porcaro, Todd Sherry, John Barba, and Jeffrey Gelber!
Note to self: Don't put new Wideleggers in dryer on Dewrinkle ever again ...
I DONT CARE WHO WINS EITHER... MY DADDY'S TEAM ISN'T PLAYING SO IT DONT MATTER.. LOL
go finish your drafts
#sdcoh_xmas11 Live tweeting ht from Golden Hall!
I'm just chilllin at home
If you listen to One Direction, you are not a hipster
honored I'm in the list with Justin!
not sure if this is tweet like but could everybody were following be the best tweeter and follow us back..thanx a million
So much on my mind . Can't go back to sleep.
This loneliness is what's killing. And no I'm not afraid. To die.
don't worry, that was about me!"
Maybe it just has to be more than half. BIA so far removed from my situation, I don't know. diff tribes=diff rules, too?
i think is watching porn.
what channel is the game on?
where are you, I'd like to meet you.
Unfortunately, I won't be at the fest tomorrow. Have fun, and be sure to get some crawfish bread.
You too, Robyn! Hope all is well! RT : Good 2 see u! RT : Trade show display specialist
No answer at Access Media. A great product means nothing w/o service. If you need me, I'll be trying to act out an episode of Grimm. ^_^
“A one-page breakthrough starts an avalanche.” - Nancy K. Haddock
and I'm just meaning them wanting to talk to me, not what started this fight in the first place
I didn't know I had a boyfriend?
Hello Joe! Nice to meet you.
Isn't it though?
No, shows that I'm tired of letting you and your damn group of bitches say shit and i ignore it. I'm done. So did it again.
That moment when you look at your dildo in disgust! I'm breaking up with you bob!!
Life without music <<
Well said!: "The supreme accomplishment is to blur the line between work and play." - Arnold Toynbee -
Yooo Is it cold outside?
Huge Furniture Sale!!!!!
have u tried vistaprints?
