me 2 butt face
? 4 ed breakout at #WHSummit: If we want kids going to college why are we still finding abstinence-only sex ed?
my dads is 2 months and so is my moms
My wife on tweets on the news-"If I want to hear the news from the man on the street, I'll just go talk to the stupid people on the street."
I live for summer nights.
so so so lovely!!!! I like passionate female musicians. They're always so pretty.
Cheering for #Kansas because it helps my bracket and I haven't forgiven #Ohio for beating
that is kind of rude eh?
if you're anywhere near DC next Tuesday, I'm hosting an Education Innovation party at the Postal Museum (6-8). Stop by?
A best friend is someone you grow up with, a true friend is someone who helps you GROW UP..
Yay! Just saw ! Love that it takes #aam2012 for us to finally see each other.
ugh! My twitter handles aren't automatically popping up. Yes y'all r invited too!!!
I hate SoFl news they are talking about William wining DWTS they don't know Packer nation!!!!
no prob big man:) the wife loves helping out on fun projects.
great piece! Similar dynamic in Olympics w/ sponsor $ to IOC/USOC, not athletes. has great insight on this
Ion know why but I love slow jams
I just dropped a bowl of BBQ suace on the carpet in my bedroom. It's official ... I'm an idiot.
so true!
flava flav's big ass clocks <<<
Reading "High Plains Tango". I always seem to find myself in South Dakota. Maybe I really need to go there. Could I actually "find myself"?
oh ok! Well I hope it gets better!
“: Way to get that pear beer ” the sweet nectar
hey lady.. what temp you you dip milk chocolate at? I can't remember!
Healthy Living: Menopause
my hs has the technology to find my address no matter where I move, but they do not understand the concept of BCC. How is that possible?
#somebodytellmewhy we ignore those who adore us, adore those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, & hurt those who love us
I love you
Thanks for the #FF and retweets Have a great day and weekend.
Sounds like a scene straight out of "Broadcast News"
we will do our best to make our ppc March Madness friendly.
Really the moms leaves the day before Mothers Day...
In new apartment in Berlin! Now, I just need to get my 4 pieces of luggage over here...
Bout to unfollow some folks and follow some new folks ....
RT : Last day to receive 5 free credits! Send 5 or more drinks by the end of the night and you'll receive 5 credits free!!
#OnOne sent me the fix for #perfectphotosuite6 just have to update your video driver if it crashes after opening a photo.
Within the hearts of men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
Left for summer or Ball State?
Thanks for the RT!
No drive... No five
We are now starting our 1st Annual Public Policy Forum. We are ready to serve as the one, unified voice for our community's children.
I don't have money but Angela does 😏
#GuysShouldKnow they need to go to barbershops. Supercuts doesnt work anymore.
I hate people who hate.
Wow. My brother actually isn't going to help me at all on mothers day. I should just scratch his name from the card.
you're a wild child
We have a winner in the Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest! Dana sang Two Sparrows in a Hurracane by Tanya Tucker at Vintage and won $105!
"Yes! Yes! In de Face!!!" I love this movie.
Really feels odd being in an academic building on a Friday 😝
Listening to Steve Potash's OverDrive presentation. Hmm. . .
Watch at 10...I'm riding with We'll show you what to do when you see lights/sirens!
... The guy is a loyal Lebron fan man. As loyal as you can get for another man imo.
nicepeter cant you follow me please
your guy will be drafted soon here. Blackmon is a beast.
o. I like it!
NaLee a fantasy that has mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff that is evil NaLee2010.com check it out
Thank you!
are you going to have Langdon Wood aged?
Come and put your name on it.. (:
we also inevitably become them
App of the week!! Thx Schimmtastic!
Senate just passed the controversial abortion regulation bill 32-18. Now it goes to Gov. Corbett's desk for signature.
thank you so much! =] glad you liked it
Did you know Polio is endemic in only 4 countries now? Your donation to panhandling for polio helps eradicate polio!
For the better? Or just...different?
Dear future Gf, EVERY MORNING I WAKE UP NEXT TO U WILL B EPIC CUZ IMA ROLL TWO one for me one for u
golden platitudes! <3
S/O to everyone that came to my track meet ! Love yalllll
Jordan could have said the same thing before he won his first title
Ouch. That hurt. Should have been a routine save.
will do ;)
I'm always around waiting to point out the importance of a defensive pass rush.
Happy birthday beautiful :D i'm still older than you by like 7 months ;b
Gotta be the good life. #windowsdown just missing
you're right. too bad it usually looks like it's left over from the night before and she slept in it in a drunken stupor...lol!
Looking forward to the Gala on Saturday! We're bringing our NitroCream and will be whipping up delicious frozen treats!
o wow
I love so much and I love seeing all the love he gets from other fans!
Just ran across some letterheads from the 50's, here are a few
Julius Henry Marx~ From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
You're my launch superstar.
Please follow shes very talented at taking photos!
Yikes, thanks for catching that
O MY GOD MINE TOO. no joke.... he looks like one too!
#Loex2012 new recipe for Library instruction #lightningstrikes ....organizational system, advanced search skills, and peer to peer learning
i didnt know wearing backpacks to the mall was the thing to do in evansville??
Wow! Thank You!!! RT : Tomorrow is the March for Babies! This is close to my heart.
She does not bake gluten free, sugar free, or vegan. It's all done the "old school" way. Sorry! :-)
wat the hell are the girls from chicago rooting for the cardinals, thats a fucking sin
is brilliant.
#bestboyfriendaward goes to....my man. that is all.
Greetings to you as well!
about to lose the most comforting voice in my life since i was very young. i feel blessed to have seen #levon a few golden times
haha this is awesome
if no deal with ESPN, will you do another podcast
Nice, Knight Rider style.
Someone in Chicago should open a #craftbeer bar/dog daycare combo.
praying for Dad as he goes in for tests on a "spot" on his lung...
did u go to school today
Shout out to my boy my frat my sandzz Adam Gettis, he just got drafted to the Washington Redskins!!!!
How do we know what God says about something? It is in His written word. It doesn't change in spite of man's will and desire.
Es tha truf! I know I do! Better cross platform compatibility yo
I am employed.
or cause i don't like you
BBT and Dr Who have a definite tie for 1st place. I need the Bazinga shirt too
If you want a real Good Morning Boost, you gotta try Cafe Cubano. It's Miami's secret weapon for Boomers on the go.
"Studying" in the lib with
You should let me hit shawty
I bet you don't miss the humidity, what brought you out west?
He'll send some good tunes yur way!
OH - just saw the tweet that it's for a virtual asst. I may know someone there too. Happy to help.
-- what do u mean?
Great job in getting into Georgia. I knew you could do it. 😃😉😃
Skylar White is probably the least likable character in the history of human existence. She makes me want to stab things.
Im not sure how much they do. Why not expand new music we play and find out. it works for CHR, how much 90's do they play?
Tx, Gerry and Happy Sat #follow to u RT : #FollowFriday (via )
you betta get yo ass off your shoulders and make that money!
Like we act just like a couple but he just wont claim me anymore
Cut off fake people for real reasons, not real people for fake reasons.
Who knew some of these #Delta flights are so tiny? I have the luggage of the guy behind me on my heels. Should be interesting ...
": Glad I got to see my bro tonight!!!! Haven't seen his ass in so long..." Yo ass had me laughin like a mf!!
Haven't had a newsroom dream in 2 weeks
That "The Onion" headline is funniest yet.
success! It's so ice!
please follow :D
Alright. Get in there and get flossing, mister.
Tosa Swordfish fundraiser at Murf's (124th & Burleigh) on Mon. Percent of proceeds go to the team. Tell the cashier you're w/ the Swordfish!
: "Working on the #agile2012 website today. #agile #scrum” What did you complete yesterday? Are there any blockers? ;-)
OH YEAH HA??!! I GOTTA GET LAID YA FUCK! RT : I will stick those needles in your face...
We can put some acts together and promote.
#Blazers haven't score in almost 4 minutes. Tied at 93 with 3:59 to go 4th qtr.
RT thats the truest statement ever made
THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT!!
I can never honestly win with my dad and its freakin ridiculous, and pisses me off, and i hate fighting with him, but ugh...
I love how he called me last night...just tell me he loves me <3 i have such a good boyfriend.
RT : #CT2011 Best practices for collaboration at university-visiting experts, proximity, technical training, digital publishing...
Want to see how fast I can get followers?
I'm in the middle of #2..so good. The Districts start to rebel and the Capitol is punishing them.
I'm getting pretty good at using the 'block' and 'report spam' buttons. It just cost me 6 useless followers, but worth it. (woot woot)
Thanks Ian!
everyone is graduating and im becoming a
Now that you said that don't be surprised if some fans are waiting to greet you at the station.
Let's hope so
Weekend Brunch Special: Croque Madame Sandwich - Grilled French Bread w/ Swiss Cheese. House Ham. 2 Eggs, Finished w/ Bechanel Sauce $9.
man..I need at least 10 followers.... Lol
So what i'm having a baby , not yours so back the hell up with your comments .
Cosign! RT Happy Birthday You are cool.
All I really want to do is make you proud.
If your looking for the long term results give us a call 623-255-4088 ext 1 mst
Didn't I tell you about Myxer? (Make your own ringtones from mp3.) First you'll have to obtain the mp3 (via iTunes or elsewhere).
When you blame others you give up your power to change. Take responsibility for your future! You can win at Sports betting start today!
Welcome to Oxford, Shawn Phillips.... Always be closing!
I don't realise know about the robotic dinos until I saw your tweet. I thought they were just doing work to an existing exhibit.
I couldn't agree with you more!
Good luck tonight, doooooodz.
well... i am happy that today is over.
tjx Donna. Guess what tho, I am actually 25 away from 1000 because I read the # wrong and I am a dumbass LOLL :)
Hey, thanks! RT : You can borrow my "C" stamp. It's more fulfilling, from a pedagogical standpoint, at least.
What do I gotta do to get you guys to come see #ACommonEngine on May 12?
You definitely should do it! RT as soon as I get the opportunity to study abroad im taking it. ill leave houston so quick
Genability is in the house all weekend long, come by and ask us any api questions you have
The translated copy (google version) is awesome.
Let's gather around the campfire . & sing our campfire song . Our C A M P F I R E S O N G song . 🔥
I honestly can't even sit through an episode of Jersey Shore anymore... It makes me feel like I'm ridiculing the mentally handicapped
Got in a fight with an orthopedic surgeon. He knocked 5 of my teeth out. I lost.
i think I just heard a margarita calling me.
My "have" count just dropped below 90. Not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing... :O
Thanks for the shout! Just one step closer to organizing all the music on the web :)
Not so much fun if you had Wichita State going to the round of 16
No pandora station ? Come on
thanks for the info. already have tickets for at , and at
Thanks big sis! RT : Happy Birthday to the only Marine I love, !
Down here at the psychological office park in Walnut Creek, forcing a cry supposedly equals growth. Propagate this myth.
which exposes police to good faith attacks, if a reasonably trained officer knew or shoulda known there actions were illegal
When does Sparkle debut?
Thank you for the RT!
When everyone's tweeting about and I'm like Yeah. Y'all are wayy behind
hehehehe...I'm still in my pajamas!! :)
the saint
taken out of context context, the profession "Drives Trucks for Whales" creates a great mental image of early Boston.
I love the ladies!!! I'm switching teams!!!
I wish I was Lauren Conrad.
yup ur qb is gonna be amazing training under manning!
Surrounded by 30 elementary school kids on this flight #schoolbully #Cheerios we have the same taste in Movies
Haha, that's what I like to hear :)
I'm game. I've actually never been there, don't tell I could also go for some Broken Yolk.
Finishing up Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN #fridayreads #rereads Hope to start Saul Bellow's HERZOG this week.
And take with you the winter!
Faded Glory, Forgotten Memories and Fallen Heros. Have a Happy and Safe Holiday.
Thank you soo much. I really appreciate it! (:
This week, it's BP vs. Showman, an intense fantasy football battle in mediocrity.
Dont be afraid to face the truth. Be afraid to embrace a lie
#rampitup #skateboard TRICKS galore! Head down to around 2:00 to ooohhh and ah at the half-pipe demos.
I know! For once, someone other than the Royals imploded in the 9th inning.
Gonna go make some bed time tea and watch #TheClientList (:
lol and u right!
RT : The scars you cannot see, are the ones that hurt the most, and take a longest time to heal.
do we get to see you tomorrow night??
I want Potbelly for lunch. I'm hungry already.
Hi Rae! Checkin in to say hi & see how you're doin? Hows everything w/The Gurlz? Hope everything is good Take care n hava gd week
Surprisingly enough, I think this is the first time I've been charged with cataloging artist books! Hints? Policies? Suggestions?
Didnt go to school:)
I miss my black berry :\
twice yes .... but i'm not sure about the dates.
“: Someone explain to why I changed the channel and saw Paul Bearer being wheeled into a meat locker?”
Alas, no go for toes on Monday's. I'll settle 4 the old Journey now playin in consignment store.
the Tony Gwynn statue probably bunts better than Bartlett ...
Creative Media Web Company Launches New Line of Templates Compatible With ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT : RT : As a designer, it's your job to make learners feel clever. True that.
at this time.? For what.?!
your crackin me up right now
Cool. Thanks! :)
Asking for your prayers for my daughter and my granddaughter. She is being hospitalized for another 4-6 until she gives birth.
Some dudes are so desperate that they will do anything..#Sad!!
so fucking confused
New music is commin faster then u think...better tie down ur wigs ppl cuz shits finna get flipped monkey style on dat ass! -K/D
"She is a dancer"..oh the ballet "no the pole"
Think abt lifestyle changes u can make which are sustainable. Include healthy proteins, fresh fruits & veges, & exercise to keep you strong!
you're crazy
Aww im happy for you
whew - that was close
Meeting #2 was a pleasure: annual performance review discussion with one of my great staff.
u, 2 broke girls tonight? Ya it was!
Great to run into you last night as you covered the celebrity event in La Jolla. Looking forward to seeing the video.
Cali is the motive.
Just got "attacked" by an adorable puppy on way back from people's food co-op buying bomb produce
RT Biscuits and gravy at Serpentine in Dogpatch just changed my life.
lol I LOVE your "about me" on twitter. Good stuff!
Because you were promised to get a job better than a secretary's? :-( I hear you.
oh you ready know 😘
Ecstatic Boardwalk Empire is back!
Irony? RT : "You ain't my partners no more"
Coming up soon: "RADIO REMIX" from 12-1
Bitch please, I swear at who I want when I want
on the road all day ..kinda like Duke after its first round tourney game
Its 6:00. Time to start getting ready.
It's boring lol.
I'm hoping it was just twitter but if not, I'll miss you
This #NFLDraft is going pretty quickly!
Great day @ Entrepreneur Boot Camp ... we were the Keynote Speakers to great group of students, mentors, & others.
Proceeds of the show go to Operation Smile!
Haters keep on hatin' cause somebody's gotta do it
that's creepy I just tweeted about chocolate chip pancakes and so did hahaha
That sounds aweso...wait... DISNEY?! I revoke my previous statement.
Sick as hell rite now nose stop up n shit ugh
Shelly you made the dumbest move in big brother history, you suck!!!!!!
Geez. This kid is vain!
Everything that has a beginning also has an ending. Make your peace with that and all will be well.
bachmann is holding on to the fact she won the straw poll which means nothing so she'll stay in because she's stubborn
Vodka soda= #winning!
doesn't like Fern Gully -.-
Nothing new but a nice urban primer, mostly well put together.
Keith Olbermann has a huge head.
Which #Oscars wins do you agree with so far? Disagree?
happy bday short one.. Have a blessed day
best part about low/no-gravity mining? No need for a hard hat.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
You and I <3
Happy Monday! Every Monday, all day, 18" XL Pie for $11.99!!
Thx babe! RT > Had to come out of twitter-hiding today to wish an amazing birthday today!
I'm sitting out front of my sons school to take him to his job.. I'm very proud of him for gettin his first job..
I live in Santa Maria and work in Santa Barbara.
So good to catch up last night and of course . its was a special night 4 all miss you guys!
open casting now in Hollywood Florida Every Friday from 6- 8pm all ages all talent for my show
League of Conservation Voters endorses - Elizabeth Warren is our ally, willing to take on big oil and dirty coal.
thank you both! I loved the blog but need to rearrange my priorities and give life a little more time :)
I can't wait for the Sanctus real concert!!!(((:
Talents such as yourself are the blood, muscle and bone of why I do what I do. Thank you!
#2wordsasianpeoplefear permit test.
oh that sounds quite nice, too - I'd like it if the world just froze for a day so I wouldn't lose any time too. - Hi Bryan :D
Some of you eat a lot of pizza and that's OK. I eat a lot of curry.
sure have, just tweeted press release
- posted that... not me, sorry to publicize it. Don't forget though, we're co-Mayors of the Marin Headlands!
hey thanks guys! Fado is great! any other sweet spots so I don't have to spend a month camped out there?
booooooooyaaaaaaaaa CAN'T WAIT BABY
let #pace nyc know about our $1 slices. Tonight until 9pm! 41 john street
you should follow (:
We had a great time meeting with Brides & getting to know some great Atlanta Wedding Vendors today.
My mother used to trim her bangs with scissors. When the result was less than even, she claimed to have "snizzled" her bangs.
Has anyone ever gotten a great deal at the campus bookstore? Anyone?? Please let us know.
Bwahahahaha RT : So wait, how many Oscar noms did The Last Airbender get? I'm assuming all of them.
How's your Tuesday? Come by and let our wine expert Todd enlighten to a new varietal for you to try!
Happy Mother's Day 🌷
We found more internet scum who needs to be in jail for the crime of...ok, so we don't actually know what the crime is.
omg OUAT is so good im like watching the season finale right now and crying my eyes out! its a good show u should watch it!!
tell Lagond Music says hi!! And wish him good luck from us!
Blues Brothers Show starts at 11... Party time…
ding ding ding
and a basket with streamers!
Lark Voorhies, "/ something isn't right but i can't quite put my finger on it.
We both say we single, but we both lying..
RT :Wish ESPN had a 3-row, 9-person NBA studio show leading up to midnight then going until 3am. Like CNN during a prez election
she's crazy!
QUOTE - "A desk is a dangerous place from which to watch the world." John le Carre. No Kidding. Get off your rear-end and do something.
this hacking thing is easy lol
Yes, you are! Small world. I'm surprised the branch has two YA librarians. Which branch?
Send us a message with discount code 10019RD and you will get one night free when you book a 5 night stay.
WOMAN ARE CRAZY
now that's funny! “: I think Gov. Kasich is doin' a heck of a job. — Mitt Romney #quote (via )”
don't ever give up on your dreams. Go after your blessings, Im going after mine.
Miss you To!(:
I'm the fireball of the party.
well, thank you kindly.
Catatonic of photograph price sizes and colors :-)
ur really pretty (no homo)
Please do! RT playing coachella 2013 would be tight!!
Forbes Family is,nt considered for the Forbes list. Argument now is they wouldn't rate. But that wasn't always so.
The genius of a fantastic leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common-sense can control efficiently.
I'm gonna be rocking on this tune 4 the rest of the week <3
HAAHHAHAH why am I naked
good win :) and finally someone scored off one of my corners, yay :D
like princeton and his curly hair Even if i came with instructions you couldn't handle me!
Gaaah traffic is a total disaster this morning!! :(
Part of a security team for a press conference at a church on the West of Detroit this morning.
Find Milwaukee's best gyros today at Marquette campus for lunch!
Great American Ball Park. I forgot that you're not cool enough to know the acronym.
; if a guy is gonna stalk me , he has to be cute . Bwahahaha .
Ryan Tannehill is this year's Christian Ponder
I am a movie fanatic...all time favorite movie is Animal House.
Song of the day is Steve McQueen by M83. Go listen to it on Spotify.
Praying for & her family this weekend.
Had to cut a player off the team. I don't care if you're drunk or happy, I don't take disrespect from a mediocre friend. Best wishes in life
Waking up from a power nap & feeling that good stretch.. <3
hey so who paid for those shots at hops?
my bellybutton piercing is so very cute. <3
“: hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me maybe? SIKEEEE THATS THE WRONG NUMBAA #iaintarapperdoe”
No longer true that idea generation, application development & mechanics are separate w/1 being more privileged than others
kay i followed can u follow me back?
#FF Happy Friday - have a funtastically great weekend!
they got that shit figured out fam!
thanks for promoting #yelps80swedding we hope you all totally show up!
No Youth Court this Saturday! Enjoy the Halloween weekend and be safe!
I just wanna lay in bed all day
Just followed you b/c we have many mutual friends. Also wanted you off 666 followers for
Excellent blog post, and great meeting you!
Hey man great to hear from you! hope all is well! look forward to seeing you again too!
lol i know .
Plane is sitting on taxiway waiting for a gate? Let's at least take her back up and test the VNE or practice stall recovery while we wait...
Spend your Fat Tuesday at Scene Ultra Lounge where the drinks are 1/2 priced ALL NIGHT, EVERY TUESDAY!!! Yes, that includes top shelf ;)
This guy should be followed by all my followers. His tweets are better than mine!
Cool. Stop by n C us! RT : Excited for this weekend. Oktoberfest on Saturday and Rainbow Festival on Sunday
I just realized that tomorrow is Friday. HELL YESH. <3
Keep on talking about me , because i dont really give a darn what you say.
GWDT: Lisbeth Salander RT : I DARE you to name a movie where a "loner" hero doesn't have some sort of sidekick.
Stanley Marcus~ Consumers are statistics. Customers are people.
Tip of the Day: unplugging your phone charger from the wall when it is done charging saves energy!
I am reading HUNGER GAMES. Love it! Anyone else excited for the movie release?
check ebay. Saw one for $350!
#wazzup #LittleGirls who's got Christian on their mind right now?
okay thanks!
oh that sounds wonderful!!! Can we share? :)
I know. Just disappointing. I did like the Indiana section this year!
Life sucks without chocolate....
If your going for a comedy, how about midget race cars with real midget drivers?
My mom's package arrived! Oh boy, I can't wait to see her reaction when she gets home.
Save that bit for late night TV
I miss you too.
That's so wonderful. Best Mother's Day shout-out yet.
it is thanks!
Had a blast wit th crew tonite!! Love me sum gabby!!
Is that an example of the "soft bigotry" of low expectations?
these random "for colored girls..." lines
Hi everybody it's Mason tweeting for anyone hear me on this morning? Sign up for the run I'll be there
Mother Nature, you are about to get bitch-slapped. Enough with the snow already.
In the mariposa room-- myths and tips about institutional funding (ie grants)
Is it a yes or no?
r u going to cover any songs soon? BTW i loved ur cover for how to love and let me love u
Serpent's Tale in the car on CD.
Lovely I just sat in my own cum
i wounder who going to ask me out in 8th next year lol
Tonight's gonna be a good good night! <3
#fllc12 ends with fascinating program by FBI Historian, John Fox, on the 8 Nazi Saboteurs case.
It's because Sweeney is down to earth type and poodles are to snobby and stuck up. Lol
If only there were more fish in the sea  
Only I ♥
Yes. For example, you are "Wait, Wait-Don't Tell Me."
it was at Gibbs
Can see right through with the right eyes. Monsters can only hide for so long... Can't imagine a world w/out beauty
we can't compete with Baltimore when it comes to homicide rates.
Ha! Can't help it...lol
Happy New Year!! Try us out in 2010 and enjoy our newly remodeled facility!! You won't be disappointed!!
follow me PSANDERS
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
that would be my bf in the twitcon
oh dear. I'm bout to text you
Happy Birthday Edith Wharton!
That girl is in need!
I'm blacked out in Indy, where are you?
Much Love & Peace to anyone who supports our music. VO Crew, we are now #5 on the charts of Reverbnation in rap
If you can't afford to buy me something, do something around the house to help me out
and soon she'll add group mass texting! That's good times, right there!
#weirdconfession I love to watch wwe with my little brother. Lol I'm such a nerd<3
Not sure. They called him Ted but I don't know about the whole Sudafed thing ;-)
So college players cant get paid but can sell media against Trent Richardson and Tyrann Mathieu's names. That ain't right
no better day at work than when they order too much pizza
Can I get a follow please?
I gave her rundown. She wanted to know b/c she wants us to ask questions via twitter tonight.
Your look of pure disgust when you overheard me say #blowjob totally explained why your husband loved it SO much!! Handle your men
#WIP500 945 words #amwriting up ungodly early today have to work a day job one of my rare ones, yay!
I love to see you dance
yep! That's me! Haha :D
Someone who really <3's u sees what a mess u can B how moody u can get, how hard u are 2 handle, but still wants u in their life..
In fact at night the number of people surrounding me went negative.
Will some one tell me who's writing nasty blogs bout me?!?!
RT : It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
my face fucked up and things that can't be talked about
Thanks a lot man i think they goin to be good once Boozer comes back you know they are my 3 seed n the east this year
yes I would make that trade
A special thank you to all the troops who have given their time and lives for the families of 9/11 to finally have some peace.
Good to see Me and have videos side by side on the Home page :) Doin Work!
yea! You need to be on more offten! lol
gotta try the cask edition.
FRIENDS.... The older you get, the less you need!
Wow, bummer #ASAE10 is charging $600 & $800 for the "virtual conference registration" for ASAE10. My opinion - WAY too much
who doesn't live rhinestones!
#What2ChainzWouldSay hit shawty with a follow, ill DM her tomorrow. i subtweet, she retweet, then blocked her after she swallow. TRUUUU
Don't you love it when you get stood up? :)
i dont even know what day it is
hospital w/john :/
Bubble Guppies! #Lul P.L.U.R.<3
this alabama shakes album is alright! i'm sure i'm the 100th person to draw janis joplin/amy winehouse comparisons.
RT : RT : Dell uses LinkedIn to connect with small and medium sized business decisions says
Good morning! Hope you all had good weekends!
Build your scalability, growth and have BIG success with everything you do! at
When I was younger, I always used to feel like a man trapped in a woman's body. However, that all changed when I was born.
Should be seeing the avengers rn -.-
Just got chased by a dog on the side of the road
Unless it's ping pong
nothing much hbu
Always thinking of you baby (;
Sadly, yes.
Of course! Let's do a Zumba class :)
I tried to be chill, but your so hot that I melted ;D ♥
Want to #CUT!
We never were!
Want another way to track your expensive Christmas gift while it ships to your loved one? Why not place a personal GPS Tracker in the box?
Tired as fizzuck. Some how I'm still awake on 45 min. Of sleep.
you light up my world like nobody else!!!!
doesn't age! He looks exactly the same throughout all of the housewives reunions....
Happy Friday everyone, make it a great weekend!!!!
haha my thoughts exactly. Dumbest programming decision ever
I Don't like it when someone reads what I'm texting someone else is like no I don't read your messages you shouldn't read mine 😒
need. Starbucks.
I'm so proud of the #Devils =)
that's a good place to be at!
Sitting down to write some emails at 3:30 and waking up at 6
Thanks Alexa...
thanks for following!
Is this per the athletic department?
in the article he says Kane made the shirt for himself, I read his buddy in Madison made it for him...
hope everyone has an awesome Easter, and you eat awesome food and get to be with awesome family and friends!!! <3
Waiting for this MNF game to start, what am I gonna do when football is done??
Hello follow me? :)
I want a T-Shirt that says U Mad Bro???
Is that the party Lavern and Shirley are having?
also stop questioning whether or not certain sports are, yknow, sports.
Excited for the open photo shoot tomorrow for the in Baltimore, MD! Anyone else coming out to join the fight to end H8???
Q2 Should a student become an entrepreneur while in college (or wait )?
I actually can't interview them this time. Not enough time. But the next time I get the chance I will! :)
At the Phillies game with a guy named A.Rod. Does that make me a traitor?
I'm going to need about 10 of those hyun
NOT SALLY.
are you oing to the concert in Bakersfield???
"sometimes I like to linger"........ so foul.
the guy from mens warehouse has a nice voice actually. no? raspy and dark. hehe
If you go into the #Big10Expo knowing what job you are applying for/interested in cover letter is a great idea. If not, follow up online!
It works everywhere but with you homie, lol.
hmm I thought they comped your ticket if you were a speaker. Lame.
Autumn statement appears to be good news for east midlands and hopefully us with A453, the Lincoln bypass and other schemes given go ahead
that was thee most cringe worthy of this seasons bachelor without doubt
No Shout Out??
Heading out to the Amway Center. Have a great night #Magic fans!
Labor Market Warriors features scholar Dr Julianne Malveaux on what happens to women after they graduate.
All i have to say is leave kae alone y'all are doing the very most lmao it's not that serious
Sorry for the delay folks....Revo SD website is coming very soon. We can almost taste it. Stay tuned....
i dont even know why im even thinkin bout #oomf rite now
- How close do you think 's theory of networked resilient communities parallels understanding of population ecology?
Pliny the Younger~ That indolent but agreeable condition of doing nothing.
Every woman should feel like a QUEEN when she's inna relationship.. Not a SERVANT!!!!
i'd wear it.
One of my inspirations in this walk of life. Saw your movie this past weekend "Good Deeds" and it had me in tears. #TeamTylerP!
just sayin me and my track coach Agree...one direction isn't that bad. It's like a 10yr trend. Remember Backstreet Boys?
The new ones look so fresh and clean!
So our substitute teacher just left to go to BigStar. He told us to watch the door and window. Wtf?
Most boys are weak minded scum bags and assholes. But that's what seperates them from us men.
"If brain swelling continues for more than 4 hours stop taking advertising & call your doctor." Viagra spoof ad was hillarious!
aww! Haha I love the rain :)
#artpolitics origin already spectral. Alternative to linear history, the retromania of pop culture: sampling comes to term with inability
when classes just finish, my ass looks square ;o 90M sitting with sleep -.-
Just learned what in the heck a hash tag is at
A bitch gunna be a bitch, a hoe gunna be a hoe
and me!
I'll tweet you tomorrow.i want to finish some homework
these days it seems like every car commercial concludes with the young passengers arriving at a bonfire on the beach
hey!!!!! I love u too.....cinco de mayo baby!
Mom & Grandma are doing good Tif-tif is growing up fast, I remember when she was a baby, Marcus is Overseas I think not sure.
what can i say... just tryin to make it look easy
Apatow is 100% right. Enough with the #agt already. Please put someone in the Artie chair.
Yup, definitely regretting my dinner of French fries & beer right about now.
U can't sub tweet someone that's not on Twitter lol
Sanchez sucks
There went my streak. Wisconsin is so tough. In every facet.
Who has a fabulous green smoothie #recipe they want to share? We would love to hear how you stay #healthy and energized!
right back at you.
confidence-building, yes!
Won my first softball game since 6th grade
Celebrate the humanities every day - read a poem by one of Ohio's own, such as "We Wear the Mask" by Paul Laurence Dunbar
He's moving
c u in July on my honey moon ;) can't wait 2 into my future hubby 2 the mysterious beauty of
#HITsm patients/consumers can make bad decisions too. iPod wasn't best reviewed - just best marketed.
And thus ends #talentnet ... Now begins #diceconnect tweet up! let's get networking
Just woke up i feel horrible im so burned from the sun at jones yesterday :(
The Hack4Reno mixer is tonight at 7pm at , hope to see the teams there! If you're still looking for a team, come create one!
I'm inclined to push for exposure. Plus, consider if/when this game changes. PPV won't be the model forever.
eagerly awaiting summer... when i can complain about how hot it is. you coming back stateside soon?
I really want to meet !!!! Gosh he is just so damn cute ;)
Fuc FB I can't send Friend Request fo 14 days. U aint my Mama bitch. U got 2 send me adds now peeps.
battle them with Crying Baby
Off iPad like an MP3 or just not to have anymore?
my new shit bump
BREAKING: Police confirm third suspect in Dublin murder is now in custody
favorite thing you've never tweeted about?
Sorry Beez Neez Won't be open today but I will be at last thursday on Alberta
Need to talk to more of my followers!! (: DM or tweet me soo i get to know you guys better!! (: <33
Last night was crazy. Gotta take it easy 4 the rest of the weekend tho.
very true. I need alcohol stat. They have duck quackers... fml
WHy? I thought you said it would be deposited automatically! So, I have to wait until WEDNESDAY?!!!!
What an amazing day!
LMAO. Fantastic work, my friend. I expect this to be a sampling of what you plan to bring this coming weekend.
Get ready to hear from us Dallas!
Today's Council Meeting is underway watch live on
Hahah I love your grandpa Vern!!
whatchu doin buddy? In your neck of the woods
New Additions to the Rally Include: & Join us for the #AWESOMENESS 4/15 11a-5p
whats going on boss....i am a songwriter i meet you at the international music conference can i send u a couple of my reference
Godda get thru problems today to see a brighter tomorrow.
lol what the f.
No parent should ever have to bury their child...
Injured my ankle this summer and put on 20 lbs. Through healthy #vegan and mostly #raw I'll take it off in next 3 months. Will share.
No sure where we or Wikipedia, et al would get info if /journos had to work job to pay bills AND give us free info
The Maltese Falcon! RT : Humphrey Bogart starred in plethora of dark & cynical film noir hits. Have a favorite?
we have a hangar room, just park the plane right in there!
's CEO starts planning a new innovative software development solution for defense customers while at 's high tech class room.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please.
Today our gallery on douglasvilleb2b.com broke and took registration with it. It was a joyous occasion. Also my ping.fm account vanished.
Seduction. That's what I tell my students.
that sucks what do u think olly murs
You know what, here's hoping Battleship is awesome.
Great presentation at Ignite Baltimore #IB9! FYI, some links on your site go to your (now defunct) campaign Twitter account.
I have no time for BULLSHITERS & NON-TALENTED SPITTERS!! :P
looking forward to our visit this Thursday and I'll hollar at ya on the phone later this morning!!!
honestly have no idea where the fuck that is since i moved my stuff i had to rearrange everything . Some of my stuff gone-.-
Another full day of diving with my fave dive buddies www.desertdogdiving.com
Laying on my floor painting to Dark Side of the Moon. My mind is being blown.
Thank you!:)RT : u pretty
Are you guys coming back at all today?
Thanks to for fixing us up with fancy photography.
how's the writing coming?
4 great cios taking the stage; talking storage
Too irritated I'm dne being nice to people who treat me like shit
they got your bucket!
Dominican cake is it!!
What rapper is selling the most records in San Francisco Bay Area right now, that released this year 2012?
HEY CASHMAN HOW YA LIKE THAT TRADE NOW
Today was dress rehearsal.. It was so hot!!
They're fighting again...
Happy Monday! Tonight: Buy a large pizza, receive a free pitcher!! $1 Coors, $2 Heini’s ½ off bottles of wine. It all starts at 9pm!
I could bring one over, if you still need one!
You gave it a good run at
One student, in reference to the film "A Clockwork Orange" called it "Orange clock"
Fire alarms going off at LOCAL 6 STUDIOS!!!! Fire dept on the way
we'd like to know too!
Simba and Nala are so cute together.! (:
#WFUD12 Joe Torres: most journalists have no idea how much they are using fair use themselves.
Back in the day, snow days were on par with X-mas for awesomeness...now they are just a complete pain. I'm tired of the DC snow fairy
FRONTLINE: Battle for Haiti: Rebuilding in the Face of Gang Violence and Corruption DVD
Sorry I missed your session! What is your agenda for the rest of SXSWi? Are you in any other panels?
The material similar to a ribbon... It's about seven inches but does run a bit small!
Would you like it if ii ask Selena for a ticket for you ? maybe she would say no but , lemme ask .
Ready for the Red Sox to start up?!??!!
yep...the winter album is done! Now, mixing.
": "Is Make It or Break It really what gymnasts do?!" You should probably stop talking before I hit you #GymnastsLife" THIS!!!
sorry!!! You should have taken some turkey and ham with you. Call me when you get home safely.
At the billiards tournament. I'm drunk!
On the way to Vegas. Saw CP3 and Boo headed to Minnesota. What happens in Vegas - don't happen in Minnesota!
text you lol
What do you do if you see a kidnapping?...wake him up..haha
Your welcome (: I can't tweet much tonight /:
Follow me 2nite I'm at the upper room in clifton 3201 Jefferson ave. Cali D Gurls on deck. Lookin for modles & dancers twt me if interested
Very fun even though we had Tiff's little brother with us we couldn't do some things but it was cool
Who's we? You got a frog in your pocket, ?
follow back!! :D <3
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLovesIs cause you stuck on these social networks. Love it.
And we look forward to reading them!
hop online
I don't ever realize how dumb half the shit I saw is
this girls tweets are funny af hahahahaha.
Just throw him in some random car with tinted windows. I promise no one will know.
Tht kinda just made me mad
Finally done with my homework
...I didn't even have to use my AK...
tyme to call up all the mother's that I havent spoken to yet.
Show my Wall some love please <3 ;-)
Just heard someone yelling at the banker "It's my money and I need it now!" - exactly my thought when they put a hold on my check.
m yum!
Gosh, i graduate tomorrow. :/
cough cough cough !!!!! thats all
Never give up. Never, never give up!. We shall go on to the end. ~ Winston Churchill
My New Year's resolution for 2012 was to do one random act of kindness every day. It's been an awesome experience so far! What to do today?
Should it really take 2 weeks, numerous calls, 20 reps to figure out you have overcharged me for 3 yrs and credit my account?
Congrats Lynn, that's quite the achievement! :)
well, when the nudey pics pop up
Are the fumes of this carpet cleaner supposed to give me delusions of grandeur? Because I SHALL RISE ABOVE MY ENEMIES
Never drinking Alpha King again
Back to my homework
I'm not sure what this is about, but as it includes bananas and sarcasm punctuation, count me in.
I love that part Vinny♥
It was a huge success! We had about 17 teens show up; everybody had a great time with the activities and loved the giveaways!
Thinking of CBA all day today. I wish I was with all my #Bellevue peeps!
Nowak: We have options that can contribute. The more time we spend with them the more confidence they gain.
Sometimes, It is exactly how it looks.
Is now the Programming and Outreach #Intern for Station North Arts & Entertainment District! It has been wonderful working with them!
the DVRebels guide from touches on many of those and more
I LOVE U! I LOVE UR MUSIC! U R AMAZING! R-T? FOLLOW?(: <33333
Audible "ooh" from the #webwise crowd as LeVar Burton recounts his memories of Mr. Rogers.
one week to the Into the Light Carol Anne show, getting records ready to go you should all: follow friday
Don't forget to bring a sweater, it may be cold at night :-)
Update: things are looking good for the relaunch of our site! Can't wait till we're back to normal!
have fun in cville - I'll be there next weekend. :) Friday night = date night.
I will say it again, the Signature Massage is the best I've ever had.
What are your favorite trends for the summer so far?
Coming soon homegrown beat store !!!
This is going to be the summer of homemade lemon kefir coconut ice cream. Hit me up if you'd like some kefir grains.
I just donated my tweets to for 48 hours. Join me in exposing the truth about climate change ClimateReality.com Pls RT
ladies If he can't keep a conversation going, don't expect him to be able to keep a relationship going.
Bernstein: Raggedy Ann as a whited-up minstrel performer, her face an inverted minstrel mask.
Happy birthday to my lil brother ! Muaahh
CBS TV Schedule 2012-2013: 'Two And A Half Men' And 'The Mentalist' Move, Plus 'Elementary' And More New Shows Added: CBS is spreadin...
U goin up there today
so true
Raven, from That's So Raven, just came out of the closet <3
no we going out tonight just later
You are welcome and thanks for following.
it really could be yours...play a little guitar...sing a little song and post it...BOOM! Ipad3
self massage = NEVER A BAD THING! =)
I have no idea where Bowie is from, but I hope to God I'm from the same place.
I memorized all the rap battles in 8 mile
Happy Veteran's Day! I love seeing the parades, events and other acknowledgments of our military, past and present. Thanks to all.
Punish him for my sins? Twisted thinking chief. Twisted. I'll send him your complaints and thoughts.
Really great chapter. Dont know if i will b able to wait a full month for the next one though
RKF Opens Chicago Office as the Retail Leasing, Investment Sales and Consulting Services Firm Continues Expansion Into ...
#Going Red with spinach, eggs and bacon!
ron artest is such a douche
We are very close to 1200 followers!!!
Friends meow
Good food indeed. I am working at the 5/3rd tower today and decided to treat myself. RT
What are campuses doing to promote communities of learning among students?
Thanks for the rewteet!
Denver hits another three tying the Magness Arena record for 16 in a game, they now lead 76-55 with 30 sec. to play
Good day everyone, we hope your day is going well, I have some news.We are performing Oct.1st in DC AT THE B Spot its an art gallery. Come
With Wichita St. picking up Nick Wiggins today, what rank does this years recruiting class get?
well im always here if you need me babygirl im usually not to hard to find:)
hope you're hitting up Powell's while you're in the area
What matters most, right mentor or right investor - find out at Tech Entrepreneurs Week.
Thanks for the shout out, sir! We'd love to see here while she's in town
american soldiers being withdrawal and huffpo doesnt implode with joy....wtf
Thanksgiving Sale!! Use exclusive Twitter coupon code "thankstwitter" to receive 10% off on all items at STLOcarina.com.
stay classy Phoenix RT Coyote fans throwing beer bottles at fans in crowd. Classy.
✔ Food ✔ Bed ✔ Music ✔ Twitter ✔ Cellphone = Perfect day
Revo San Diego twitter stream is live and ready to go! Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for all the details on our first event!
#HealthTip Regularly eating nutrient-rich meals (particularly protein rich) and snacks is essential for overcoming the urge to overeat.
excellent. will await. :)
Rome Police Officer honored for actions in September stabbing death - WKTV
Yes! RT : Ron Roenicke just told us on that he has interest in Aramis Ramirez and Rafael Furcal
why so you can beat without ur mommy walking in ? Hahaha
Exactly. That's why I worry. Many from blues states moving to TX for jobs.
I just burped!!!!
Marriott San Mateo CA is now offering 15% off rates to our members.....Purchase your card TODAY!
Pretty sure I now know who egged my car
Gym time sparring 8to10 rounds #hardwork!
Lopez, through tears: "She's just an amazing little girl. Developmentally, everything was perfect about her--everything."
Looking for that special toy for sombody? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for the best selection and the best prices!
LETS MOVE ON TO A NEW SUBJECT K?
what is your identity de-labeling activity #sschat <- i like the way that sounds!
that will make up for prom. it WILL be fun dont worry
just let me know when so I'm there
I know that! I've known you since we were four! :)
i just want to meet bob saget.
Followed Hoping will follow back. ☺
*COME kick it wit US AT The #BLACK#FRIDAY#EVENT ** On #Arlington in nov 25 !
thx bro U2. How u gonna miss this CPC? It's not til Friday, hop on a flight
Are you planning on attending The Women’s Success Summit V on May 17 & 18?
Who does Sugar Shane owe money to? Like I just can't fathom why he's out here fighting.
In my school it was simply "no cuts no butts." Not sure if introducing tropical fruit into the matter helps clarify the rule
Warm beer cold bitches!
Sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...SLEEP D: NO!
I agree. Scary how easily it spread.
I can't think of any specific physicians off the top of my head. I'd need to ask around.
Seeing isn't believing, believing is seeing.
: I'll trade you... my arms for your youth! lol
Follow #TPDL2011 for updates from International Conference on Theory and Practice for Digital Libraries 2011 in Berlin
no fun! Grandson just got over a 100+ fever for 4 days. But happy guy now!
Houstons Attractions LLC is making some noise in the entertainment industry all of my followers should check them out via
Very sad to hear of Levon Helm's passing. Lucky enough to see him with The Band years ago. He had a great show at Summerfest two years ago.
I have to admit, I still cringe when I see someone wearing LSU clothing.
During a Heat game. If it ain't no emergency don't call me. Txt only.
All i want is 2 followback and murder one of my
occupiedmedia.us ~ Cardboard Protesters Take Berlin via
Sonny is money.
ENJOY SPRING BREAK!!!
I need help with algebra!! Help me!!(;
hey what's up
i agree
To integrate one's experiences around a coherent and enduring sense of self lies at the core of creating a user's guide to life.�
Why are my neighbors so loud today?
Ice ice baby.
I would give you a sleeping beauty kiss!
Someone needs to take YouTube privileges away from Chris. Playing Education Connection commercials is not okay at this time of night.
Nice to meet you. Things are going well. We've been building Plink for a year.
in the best kind of mood right now
Too stoked for spoonbill snaggin' this weekend!
talking about how athletes get in trouble with twitter
Heeeeeyyyy! Tomoro's my 40th birthday and I wish I could blink n have u guys appear to rock my party Memphis-style!!! Fo real!
Ready to go
My teeth hurt. I hope that getting a retainer next week will help that. In related news, I'm whiny. Whiiiinnnneee.
no place for that crap on twitter or society. Find them, I need a new punching bag for boxing.
Her presentation feels like a comedy sketch. Great info w/ humor. Audience laughing every 10 seconds
Thanks google for the free Internet on airtran. Sorry you got dissed by groupon today.
they demanded a ransom of 50 million $ I was shocked so I laughed and payed with my pocket change
RT You’ve got to be before you can do, and do before you can have. Zig Ziglar
Windows are open, the rain is gone and Joe Hite is playing your favorite tunes! Stop in and check one of our new wines!
The life I love is bacon, Muslix with my friends.
- the car of the Metro train I was in this morning smelled like dead mice. Disgusting. Car
Drink tea for an after meal digestive aid or to calm intestinal inflammation, like Irritable Bowel Syndrome
If you like this shot, DO vote for it for HomeMint. And feel free to share with friends
back porch?
No Meetings Tonight ... : ) .. but the next 4 days are packed with them -- Making this business run is no joke ! success is all i know
Bass Drum Of Death/DZ Deathrays/tba at Cactus on June 24! More info soon....
Just how bad is being arrested for assault and battery anyway?
I have not! I liked Wuthering Heights and they came from the same womb....
I need to get a witness Mr. Franklin
Cleaning out my timeline...if you're talking crap about Jordan on #BB13 you'll be first to go!!
Of course! “: Catching up on the DVR'd episodes of Awake. I really like this show. Which probably means NBC will cancel it.”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! LUV U;-)
I didn't even know that during the revolutionary war we tried to take canada but we lost the battle in quebec.
There’s a new way to weave together what we already know to help us create new levels of expectation for our lives.8pm 2nite LAtalkradio.com
Ageing Piech maintains iron grip on Volkswagen Ferdinand Piech's recent retreat from the limelight might be seen as a sign the Volkswagen
Big debate here - for a 'family only' section on airline flights...to isolate those screaming babies...going too far? What do you think???
should a service take sides, or should a media type service try to get people to visits website and use service? and unbiased
you gotta teach your kid to get the food IN his mouth. a tough concept to grasp. i just mastered it a few days ago
que "P"!! We r all sitting together!!! Lmao!!!
Not suggesting you are a nonprof...just wishing that they were so thoughtful in my world. Sorry for the confusion.
I hope you are enjoying this great weather!
Dairy queen... In my tummy
What do you like best about Carrie Underwood or Lauren Alaina?
1:00pm *Hears noise* "Hmm I wonder what that was..." 1:00am *Hears noise* "OH MY GOD WTF WAS THAT!"
Maybe you can come to a meetup sometime and show it on your show!
0% for the bears in the post season says Joe Buck
I thought it was going to be cold today 😒
Did it go something like this. "I want a coco, frappuchino mocha, vanilla decaf, w/ a twist of cream, and grind the beans."
Something tells me Braun is back!
Off for a meeting about an exciting project coming up this year!!
Whenever cause he needs it! Youu can tomorrow if I'm at home.!
Wish I was in TN right now....i need a change of scenery
In our arguments, let us always have the humility to admit that there is another option...you and I could both be wrong....
Speak to your day, don't let it speak to you. Let's GO
Ike Taylor had a great game today.
woke up, ran 4 miles, soaked by rain, dodged fixie hipster, saw homeless guys hug, end w/shot of wheat grass & cappucino. SF.
You seem more like my boy toy than my man
it was too easy!!
Myla went to snuggle with daddy in "daddy's bed" this morning. Where does mommy sleep? "Outside."
$9 mill a year for 5 years! He averaged 15.5ppg STUPID player RT Stuckey is insane for balking at that deal right?
good evening.
Thanks for following !
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. —Aristotle
Millennial Donors study found most Millennials use Google to check out nonprofits. Think it's any different for your biz?
Big E?
Whose got the MUNCHIES?
Sometimes the littlest things can make me incredibly happy.
Planning to be at the #alamw11 exhibits tomorrow. Any AIIP/SLA folds want to meet up?
I ate the cake lol
Happy Mother's Day to you.
Immature bastards.
1 in 4 students will remove a school from their list if they can't find info on the web... 2010 Noel Levitz
#RIPTHERUNWAY....Looking to see my friend on there.
APRIL FOOLS
without question The Crow - The Beach and Cool World come in a close 3nd and 3rd.
Nope...but I have a dog named Niko.... ;)
After a long week, finally sitting down to a well-earned pizza and harry potter marathon. Bliss!
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built Titanic.
have faith, stick to the plan...
Sunday #Brunch party today at 3pm!
Good hold eddie sedar....smart play
RETWEET if you want to hear Ron Burgundy play Jazz
Earlier Accident on HWY 99W at Walnut St in Tigard has been cleared... all lanes open.
Thx Coach, also checkout 80/20 dvd May 15th RT : I gotta read that book man! Has to be one of my summer reads
BEAT LA
S/O to all my illinois ppl on twitter, chicago has been showin me luv evr since i first visitd in 09 i luv it here not sure if ill evr leave
The rainy day turned into a lazy day
that's true. I've heard the rumors.
Dear cellphone companies, please invent an "unsend my text" option.
can I get a good luck r/t so I run good today please*
I finally found the one thing that inspires me to stay healthy: a bike. I can work out and be intrigued by my surroundings.
Do you want to help me or want to help you? Sorry if I hear weid.
You know how to find me:)
# SAN ANTO'S MOST WANTED - COMIN' TO CITY NEAR YOU -
ohh lol.. I guess if I would have read your name I would have known
Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate don't move. --Satchel Paige
Just got back from social dev meetup with very cool presentations from and - thanks &
Durant just put his hand in my chest, ripped my heart out and threw it in the 3rd row. Hurtin
lmfaoo I know and we just woke up now too haha
Everybody Plans for Sporting Nightly
Cain speech on the topics to discuss at RHE 101 Chili Dinner.
Playing hardball like they did with Rollins won't work.
comic relief :) my expertise.
Thanx! Super throwback What up witcha?
Bring checkbook today!!
Rollins background story is.crazy interesting #svu yea this about to be a good episode
please i begg u follow me
Boyfriend Video Is Slaying almost 9 million views in 1 day!
commin to live in vegas?
Do you have time to chat about a challenge we have at EOL you may be able to help us with? Thanks for your time.
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face..
WOW! That's too funny!
Editing, growing, reflecting...editing, meditating, teaching...stoked 4 the spring births of new ideas, projects, & spiritual opportunities
I've been thinking of that reference through this entire tweet session. And not it.
Ok soo is following me, which is cool to start with, but I wasn't following him yet... How did he know I existed???
Why is austins hair so curly lol :o i wonder if its his natural hair.. ?
exactly. Great guy sorry OT had to be him there
RT : Look, I just think it's a bad idea to put Kim Kardashian, Lindsay Lohan, and the Secret Service in one room.
I thought treason was supposed to be the highest crime.
Really I voted 151 times a while ago and now your following fans who screen shot it?
I think having handy dads ruined us in this area. I am offended at the idea a coffee table would cost more than $30
awesome! Would love to have had something awesome like this at our wedding to go with our awesome photography!
ah gotcha. thanks dude (dudette?) feelin awesome about the purchase between the product and the support! :D
oh ok, glad we've hung out since then!
The ending of the hunger games makes me want to shoot the book.
Did you know today is National Cheese Fondue Day? We can't wait to celebrate tonight! Yum.
Mike Ness just gave me the day off tomorrow! Woot! What up!
boredom is dangerous :/
thank you Joann... Love you girl!
probably... We're weird too. I love how you guys say "colour" instead of "color" haha idk it's just funny.
hey pretty . Thanx for the follow
And to you! RT : A merry #MagicianMonday to you all!
about to dance my ass off with few people on the cast and the best choreographer ever
Santa Cruz (northern Cali)
I feel like Freddie highmore staying home and trying to do all this work before the marking period ends :p
Thankss for letting me go on and on about this.(':
The said "black ppl or most likely to drown than whites" I cant argue wit that kuz I knw hella blacks that cnt swim including me lol
Omg it time for LUNCH...:-)
Likewise! (re: follow)
Thank you, Stacey! Yes, you can make it alive!! Blessings...
I feel like tounge flippin on a song but dont kno what beat i need suggestions!
Yes. That is a good one. Royksopp=amazing. :D
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!
I'm in the midst of a space-time continuum called the 'new mommy' zone where I'm completely unplugged & unconnected. A week behind on email!
This fuckin xbox about 2 make me brake it
ATL - Good times are happening at iLounge Thursday. #Karaoke and #spokenword. Come join us - 1287 D Glenwood Ave - 8pm. See you there!
Watching the Bachelorette ..lol..I'm a sucker ..again.:-)
Been there! Nice store, way too many employees.
"For what human ill is not dawn an alleviation."-- Thornton Wilder
I miss you too!
He gone learn real fast
I dont chase money, money chase me...
Bust it babaababyyyy
We're giving away 2 tickets to 's fundraiser in LA! Check us out tomorrow am for a chance to win tickets to an awesome party.
any time! Will you check out my music and like my Facebook page? Facebook/laurelwrightmusic
Funny you were in Dallas too? Well, I was only there while I was stuck in rush hour traffic.
great games so far...gut kept telling me to pick morehead state and I went away from it
you get em?
#ObamaBookTitles: Spending the Wealth of Nations
Slow down
“: I ain't watch southpark in so long”I'm Watchin that bitch too
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly
I'll eat your shoe if he does
RT : Can't wait to rock tonight with my homie !!
congratulations on your new car! come in to Brake Specialists Plus to keep it running its best
going to opry mills(:
im ready for the break all ready
I was actually thinking about auditioning too :p The musical sounds fun :D
yup new episodes
email me and we'll chat !
Exercise should improve your quality of life, not hinder your ability to walk the next day. CG Philosophie
With a big burly stranger stalking him did Trayvon have any "Stand Your Ground" rights? just wondering...
Oh man, really?? That's awesome. :D I haven't been since 2009, was just looking at the pictures recently!
I hate to talk out of school, but it's not like I have a choice. I'm not really allowed within 500 feet of one.
If you dream it you can do it!
Melvyn Bragg sounds like he was so bored he almost fell asleep today. i don't blame him!
What's this crazy rumor about Lily & Harry? Hahah it's funny cause I met both of them!! remember?
Morale of the story? There are bad ass ways for a museum to take on a recession.
I know everyone wants the #Jets for #HardKnocks but honestly I'd rather see the #49ers, #Saints or
I would bathe in strawberry greek yogurt w/granola if I could.
is tangible.
Shout out to Thanks for following! We look forward to your tweets fam
Okay, and now I just walked in on some strange little gay man laying on my bathroom floor and crying. Didn't want that part of tonight.
OH the oxide is flowin...this will be interesting. {Grabs bucket o popcorn & kicks feet up}
Looking forward to meeting all of you and your friends!
what one you have now? Please tell me its not advanced task killer.
it sure is draggin!
It's a "Bye Week" for #CLFFC, as your Prez and VP will be at SXSW and ice fishing in Wisconsin -- but let us know where yr headed tonight!
“: Getting all worked up cause I'm not into you.. Lol grow the fuck up” <~ I say the same thing to strippers.
I just want to meet already :(
If I ever met ... my life would be complete c: he's just so gorgeous , I started surfing bc of him (:
Petit week end de 5jrs ! :p
I am SO sorry for being MIA. Working on a piece now, but also on one last paper and work. I'll keep you posted better.
Nice kitty spirit other Bryce.
God put HERBS on this Earth to heal us!
Good night twitter. Be easy.
twitter is going mad...but thanks love
Do you have any questions regarding a 'short sale'?
is he surprised? Has he heard himself talk?
I'll send you a terrific receipe for breakfast that you can prepare in Sunday and eat all week.
I was glad when they said unto me let us go into the house of the Lord! Meet me @ NLIFC 5349 Snapfinger Woods Dr. Decatur, Ga
Money is the reason im so mean to people
For after your dinner break: worth noting on that post who the team reps are?
I'm Off Here... HMU
Happy Birthday!!
what's your username?
Duh. I should have known that. lol #facepalm Gotta remember you are Coach Ina now! :) RT I'll be coaching at Worlds
and market savvy.
Thanks! We're happy to have him.
I'm working on my abstract for #NCHCMM, so excited!
This is THE wknd to kick off yr #gardening w a workday at Girard at 10, then head over to for a tea party & more!
Lame nigga be quiet.
What do you guys think is more self-righteous, #Thor or #TreeOfLife?
Liquids, liquids, liquids.
Can't wait for school tomorrow.. <3
Thanks for the RT on the VisionWalk. :)
Its Hot AF Today
And that's what makes you a GODDESS!!! Cant wait to see you on the ALL STARS SHOW!!
#CelebrityApprentice I don't know why Lisa got kicked off. I feel like it should have been her and Arsenio in the final two.
Poolside margaritas sound really good right now...
Thank you to all of YOU! We do it again soon :)
Good choice to include Dad! I got to hear some great old engineering shenanigans this weekend :)
Right on time, right on time
#Shoutout to the most amazing mothers i know. You know You all got a text from me :)
Stupidity pisses me off.
•Small strap fits arm circumference of 6.5"- 10" •Medium fits circumference of 8"- 15" •Large fits 12"- 24" Hope this helps
ladies we have summer dresses in and they are to die for:)
Freddy is a beast!
Don't facebook, text, social media, etc. during work time unless you have permission to do so
thanks for the follow!
DS: to all people thinking Jim Caldwell will eventually replace Cam Cameron as OC... CHILL! Dude has NEVER been an OC in his career. NEVER!!
You niggas can never get your information straight
I'm sure your feet could use some sprucing up! Lol! And that little boy.. Oh dear. What were his parents thinking?!? Lol!
omg yes I'm totally down
sorry to hear about the accident amigos. You guys still rock!
haha thanks im gonna upload a music video on saturday! :)
"My job is to Stop Stupid or at least slow it down" Rep Stacey Abrams
congrats on the book and cool reality game! Where/can we read book?
Saw it awhile back and it had me shaking my head in disgust too.
Pretty sure someone left that note about the extra king bed.... RT Gary Podesta and Doug Carl need to get a room
Mamiya 645, or a Yashica TLR. Both well under $200 for great, sturdy, cameras and killer lenses. Personally recommend Mamiya 645 :)
Ms.piggy DONT do it.
gOD Twitter is boring <.< WE NEED TWITTER GAMES
Reminded by the studios to let everyone know that today is National Hiring Day for McDonald's. GET HIRED, MILWAUKEE!
they just started the pics of KS2 at - haven't seen Sasha's class yet but I'll keep an eye out :)
Electonic resources - the new mainstream - Lugg
That awkward moment when someone says, "name a good song" & you suddenly forget all songs that were ever made.
me too
But you already know how the Hunger Games ends.
I think Scottsdale Plaza. Nate booked us a bi-level suite so it's all set! Why? You changed your mind? Come!!!!
um...today is actually Dieciseis de Mayo.
Hi honey :)) No, I'm from Croatia actually :D XD you?
RT Open Source Robotic Surgeon: GlobalEcho writes "Researchers have created a second version of the Raven robotic s......
Our very own, will be tweeting LIVE from the and the All-Star Game tonight from #Orlando Follow!
Just Wanna Be Heard
I guess I do too, but 162 games is too long to suffer for a draft position given unpredictability of baseball draftees.
DOE mtg to discuss closure of ABCD school in Bed-Stuy can barely be heard over protesting parents...
Ah thanks Manda!
thanks for the shout
Thank you friend for the FF. That was a great chat. And you really added so much!
One a.m i have to wake up at 6 shit fml
Nothing like Jack's Mannequin and iced coffee on such a beautiful morning.
I don't wanna be mean but some people should really stay away from cameras
RT : I don't even know how I survived before push to start was invented
So tired of hearing about avengers. Its jus another fucking superhero movie. Haven't seen it yet but guarantee know what's gone happen
Excavation for the foundation walls of Holy Rosary Church, located at 444 E.119th St., near Pleasant Ave., had commenced on April 24,1884.
awe that's god , but I hope shes okay !
bet im emailing now
lol been there
haha yes ma'am I fucking love Sublime, & The Black Keys,
hell yea I know jamonji lol
bridesmaid gowns
julian be soo mad they got ray bans up here for $30 lol gotta love NEX.... Aa I called u yesterday
S/O to my best friend for joining the Twitter fam!!!
We know Marcum threw the shaving cream pie because a Cardinal just hit it off the scoreboard
on twitter acting a fool early in the morning...need to stop it and get myself ready for work...need some tea and break-fast
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!(
6 days until we open up at Denison. Let's go Pioneers!
Startn2mar let finish da summer of like last year :-)
bad accident i-70 wb past 23rd
Oprah Only thing holding me back is Get my show on your network Over 35 years paying for my own airtime Need Oprah Golden touch Dawn Reese
All ready for #libmade! Fresh cup of tea and everything. Hopefully there will be useful stuff for our ALA pres coming up on Library Labs.
8in and up your hired
watching his back as we speak...in a non creepy way
Hi Mike, I've got lots of authorised pics from clients on NEC3 projects that BIW has helped to succesfully deliver.
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
The client list >>
i like leaving hickies ;)
If you my dear followers can make or follow me I'll put my true photo, RT all ur friends n followback
