awesome dinner with and tonight. :) thanks guys.
... Aww! I miss my lil Ninnie and Hope. Give my kitties big hugs for me.
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe. -Saint Augustine
i miss her
welcome to the elite group of hooked fans!! I've been eating them for over 20 years now. Still love 'em!
RT : "Stories aren’t merely essential to how we understand the world-they are how we understand the world" via
RT : The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure. -Chinese Proverb
yup we are here now! Thanks chica!
me and are gonna be the first niggas to make deluxe mixtapes
I wish I could read your mind -.-
I hate when I get hungry in the middle if the night and all the decent places are closed!
#PNY doesn't respond to customer inquiries on their Contact Us/Support pages. Boo. Anyone want a new, dead16GB flash drive?
Getting excited about the " my pain my purpose my Destiny" conference May 17th - 20th. Dr. Jennifer Thomas always brings the heat
My head is so big that they call me jack in a box, shine that light me show that light on me cause I was sent to this word by the GOD.
My film IMPACT is in editing stage. Make sure you check it out in a couple of months when it's released.
Lisa Marie Platske's status: {Love this!} Do less that means more. ~M. Edelson
you look so purrrty in your twitcon! (:
They couldn't think of something to say the day you burst. With all their lions, with all their might, and all their thirst.
we gotta do something then sista...... And nope B left not to long ago.
how are you today?
good morning! Is it snowing there? Raining off and on in Vegas today. Have a great Saturday.
Thankful for the good friends from Great open house last night! Ate dump cake and dips like a boss!
RT : Ok Reading, PA!!!!!! I'm here with beer and a microphone!!!<-me 2..u should have a spanish dictionary & a 357
lol that was not my intent. it just happened and was kinda awkward haha
Im obsessed with the obsessed show.
Congratulations on the Day Proclamation! ;-}
That post was great. I sound so pretentious but I really am removed from the Top 40. I spent last week learning new Beyonce!
Every leader is a looter or a lifeline. -
Just got done with practice. BTW. Check out www.kincadeapparel.com. new sponsor!
Beyond this project, I build safe search engines for schools & libraries) as part of SquirrelNet.com -
Is this the anniversary of the fair?! :)
Don't miss the Archival Processing & More session today at 11:15 in Parmer 107
Cool! Check out ROUTES: A Day of Jewish Learning on 3/11 at UMD! 70 great speakers
hey no problem! you too :)
hahaha at least your teacher speaks english... -___-
I hate badass kids<<<<<
Damnit twitter! To add to the last tweet with Terpthon * (does she have a twitter?)
RT : where will my brother #sxsw2012 ?!
Jot down this number. 630.235.7357 to text our host to book a table throughout the night! He'll take care of you hook you up :)
To Help “Save The Trees”….I’m Buying Just “One” Christmas Card And Telling People To Just Keep Passing It Along…
calm before the storm
i really want a links of london bracelet 😁
I had no idea I was either. here's to coming out of the #dark!
One Direction changed my life. Thank you...
Today we are at 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood from 11-130.ckn n dumplins,roast beef,pork chop + so much more. May God bless you all!!!!!
Woke up. Put alarm on snooze. Get a text. Grab my phone. Drop my phone under bed. Crawl under bed to get phone. Alarm goes off.
You're welcome lol personally I like "Jai Singh" better :)
I am thinking I have to many guy friends , but IDC bc they like to stay out of the drama not be in it.. && theyre funny (:
it was a pleasure speaking with you at Cocktails by Design. Love your work. Let's stay connected.
Thank U Happy 2012 to U as well! Seems like just y'day we were partying like it was 1999 ~ lol yes- be safe hugs fr #SouthGA~
*with lol I spelled it wrong damnit.
Follow back???
For mothers day Im gonna take my mom to a massage place. And for my birthday Im gonna get a pedicure :O
<<<< Donate to Mike bird he needs everyones help!
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates.
Graham goes out, Sapong comes in.
Smh music these days.
the people who is unfollow you they are the losser
I know and yes you did. I tjought I was the only one too XD
Despite winging the hell out my psychology test won our game in the del mar college bball league
I type in all-caps sometimes because I feel the need to subvert the norms of daily etiquette.
CONGRATS :) you're going to be on Ellen?!
I hate Geometry with a deep passion.
- what are you doing in the mean time? If you ever want to meet up for a drink or something at some point let me know
my problem is he never seems to know much about days subject
Is it wrong to say that configuring a pair of #UCS 6248UPs, MDS and an #VNX is "fun"?
Now, I'll get back to reading the crochet sweaters book. There is some fingering yarn in my future, I believe. I WILL learn sweaters!
Mail clerks on #Titanic loved their new mail room. It was conveniently located & organized.Wish I'd seen it.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
okay, I'll bite... Why must you be TB- to teach OL? Who created the regulation?
All these years and last night is the first night I have watched the fireworks at Disney and I have been missing it!!!!
At the PLP culminating event. Bittersweet.
LOL, Cydara...that's the truth!! :-D
Packing was pretty depressing today. The rain def didn't help.
#notcool Hangover II was all about the male front nudity...when the hell did this ever become funny?!
its cool
Bussed enough nuts to last me a month good lookin baby girl
RT : Sure. Commute time = more stress. Whats the value of removing that? A lot, likely.
RT : I hate when it takes you forever to text me back. That shit pisses me off .
“: I love Joe Biden's swag.”first time this has ever been said
It's going to be a long, long night...
I'm in 10-B 2nd floor convention center
Thefuture.fm launches iPhone app for discovering DJ mixtapes, hopes to steal Spotify's thunder
I've been trying to wait patiently for UVerse in our neighborhood. Can't wait to get rid of Time Warner!
If we find 3 or 4 others to go with us we'll have to go to a multiplex. Haha.
Back-to-Back Walk-Off wins for the !
so proud of boyfriend you did an amazing job I love you and the gorgeous car(;
My dad is definitely an EBay junkie. Won't buy anything in the stores anymore.
Happy Boxing Day!
for some reason, i can't open my eyes all the way today. i'm so tired & it's annoying.
Back on the needles...felt good to knit on Metro this morning and listen to grunge music instead of effing around with my phone for 40 mins.
I was just wondering if you knew what day or even month the update for the #NTC app is coming this summer? (Sorry! I'm excited!)
Great iPad class this morning! Thanks to everyone who came and shared ideas.
and with a contract ?
How cute!!! Good luck!!! We r at the BBall game! Go Aztecs!!!
HAPPY THANKS GIVING EVERBODY !!!! Your Satisfaction, Our Destination ! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Oh not in the states? Have fun.. safe travels!
Does anyone know an LA-based copywriter that is in marketing, but is not an idiot?
It hurt watching the replay
I have a question are you busy?
Love you! Please follow back!
RT : works independently of a computer.But you can connect to a PC to download all the data to view & print reports & charts.
John Lackey out for 2012 after getting Tommy John surgery. Backup plan was to spend the year dead for tax purposes.
George please stop. Your 15 followers are going to get a bad impression of me.
Listen to - she knows, and she's right! Do report back on how it goes.
Any news about when will be on?
saw the inaugural Mustangs game in Bradley Center almost 20yrs ago
There is no humor like bad, self-effacing Rick Santorum humor.
aug when is your
If you've read JASMINE ABSOLUTE, we'd appreciate a review on Amazon or Goodreads.
Downton Abby + glass of red + Persian cat on lap = Sunday night girlie heaven.
Grindr is just depressing in Iron Mountain -.-
Hoping to jam for Rains on their current tour with Five Finger Death Punch - St. Paul, MN! Post on their wall to request Benjamin Raye.
Give our boys some love #roadron That second half was dismal. Thanks for going to support the guys.
Dew tour:).
atta kid! If your back in mont afterward you know who to call.
I wish I knew how to program. A little PHP could go a long way these days.
Someone's attention? Haha
I knowww and they are pointless! !!
I'll be thinking of you <3
Everybody watch out, is wearing a suit!
Played a show today for Be The Movement...thanx to those who came out (even in the rain) to support a great cause!
haha your twitter name makes no sense...GOOD LUCK IN DAYTONA SIS
Can you follow me????
what's up bro?!
I'm going to be a real-life Auntie Em!!! I have a feeling it's all going to be babies and weddings for the next few years. yay!!
Amen, Cousin Desmond!!!
Phillies must win tonight
Have a great weekend!
• Did Ax's wife have the baby yet?
This is for the bearers of the water from the well of love from generation to generation...for all the mothers out there. She is a woman.
BIGS UPS TO MY BOY FOR HITTING A SINGLE THAT SCORED 2 MEN!!!! I SEE YOU ZAK!!!! GET ME THAT A!!!!
Wanting to know anything!? Tweet us your questions!
Woo! Down to the WIRE, Packers!
true that MAN. we can't forget the bridges that brought us.
RT come back to El PASO,TX. We miss you :D ": Don't get me wrong, I love that I get to play for big crowds but I gotta start
there's nothing to do around here to get you in trouble xD
Thanks for the follow! I made your potpourri for the holidays! Love your DS column and Homemade Living series.
Is anyone looking for a Limo Ride to the Pittsburgh Penguins Game 5 at Mellon Arena. We have a few available to service your needs.
. I'm happy to say that my neighbors from hell have vacated the premises! :D Think I'll be drinking a lot less. #whoknew!
I'll be sleeping like a baby
#WEBD1500 at Tennessee Tech University thanks you for the offer and will query you very soon:)
Dear Mancini: sorry Stoke roughed up your starlets, but it really wasn't in their best interests to let you play your game.
lol shut up
Free Island Orientation (& #Kona coffee) 8:30am today, Weds., Friday with our Cultural Activities Director. Meet @ Manta Ray Bar & Grill.
I'd love to, but I'm sick. Delayed SXSARS or something. Have fun!
Why are these horoscopes so on point with my life? Alsdfkg
I have thought long & hard about the draft (so a lunch break, haha) & who the Cavs need to take. I really like Barnes.
Whatever's good by you is fine! Let me know if I can pitch in.
"they're not just destroying the env. They're permanently impoverishing these communities" RFK's words to son
Thanks for the RTs Dan! Do you think you'll submit your ideas? Pretty Please!?!?!
haha hell yeah sister
Hey, any Tampa/Venice/St. Pete area churches who would like to have me in on Sunday am 3/18? Or Friday pm 3/16? I'll be there. :)
you guys rock!!! Thank you..
Not that I'm complaining about our awesome weather but it is odd to get dressed in the morning when it's 47 degrees knowing that it'll be 75
Non profit status means not a single bit of difference. Liability remains.
But I don't know where to find him 
selfish ppl got an excuse for erthang
#projectrunway 100% happy with the results. Just like last week.
PENIS FACE!!! Take that mom!
#Lakers, #Clippers, AND #Kings! What a day to be an Angelino!
Lmao ! Dumb Ass Bitch .
nothing was as bad as seeing 's show.
USA or UK (cont.) MKG would out hustle you, Davis would block you all day, Jones would drop another 27 on you & the #WBA would finish ya off
heh, sorry to hear that!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: JJ Ramirez
why hello there right back! Are you super busy in the next couple of weeks?
Nope! I wish! Haha!...just sharing helpful knowledge I found today from my awesome step-brother..he helped me find those sites
RT : Hey, who hired the bumper sticker slogan writer who helped write the #Obama speech on #Afghanistan tonight?
Hey, and you'll get extra heart licks for following today!
Just bought my ticket to Springtime Unplugged
Longest day of my life ...
Key West Poker Run this Weekend... see u there
Pres.Obama gives the commencement speech College & tapes an appearance on The View today.
get better soon I miss you <3
m give me some guac
Just met someone from Real Housewives of Orange County. Didn't know who he was at first so I said "so what do you do??" Oops.
True that. Damn shady people keeping me from making on-the-fly rummage sale collections development possible.
#BackWhenIWasAKid... I was a good child and actually listened to my mommy and daddy... That has drastically changed lol
I agree lol.
There's also people who if Lebron dipped his toe in the water they'd say he walked in water.
Sounds quite promising!
Dreams were made to become true
I HATE rest weeks from training.. but I guess they r SOMEWHAT necessary. Glad 2 b done dietstarting back manna n ground n pound am Monday :D
yo, any way u guys can swing by this way b4 or after the show?
I'm not stupid. I was referencing the cupcake craze and the potential of it being replaced with donuts. Give me some credit.
thanks for the initial follow, jivers.
any tweeps awake?
I think you do. Just because you were bad with someone before, doesn't mean it'll happen with someone else.
RT : club paradise...
G.M.N.I.: At all times, the best cure is laughter. If I took everything so seriously, I'd be depressed, pessimistic, & an asshole.
I think Greinke misses having the Sounds behind him in the field
Craigslist is an amazing tool. In 2007, San Diego CRM made close to $200k from business pulled from Craigslist. US-Wide
if Edgar landed more punches or any, wouldn't Ben have been marked up even a little? And ring control was Bens. Not close
yes!! Where? When?
i'm losing my edge.
Ya-Huh
RT These orange alternate jerseys are absolutey b-e-a-u-tiful.
At #River Horse West in West Bend. Woot!
That was a nasty tweet. I'm embarrassed to know what you're referring to, haha.
oh I rock it nice
thanks for the retweet!
I was on my way off 3rd West, heading to 8.012 section. I recall carving the date into my table, which in retrospect seems dramatic of me.
Let Lollipop Mondays at Colony tonight BEGIN!!!
Parks and Rec is the best show ever! I laugh at every dry sarcastic joke.
#Quote of the day: To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. - Ken S. Keyes, Jr.
WELCOME TO TWITTER!! :)
LAX -> IAH Big thanks to Jillian Fratkin for the lift to the airport!
And I was always Hungry! I used to always starve thru that
Don't want to go #home tomorrow!
What are the best apps now available for showcasing the retina display on the new #iPad?
I love your singing and i love the song Rolling In The Deep!! I am your biggest fan!!! Your awesome!!!
Church gonna be good tonight with my family!! Ready to lift up the name of Jesus! =)
we're live at 5pm! SD's grossmont college! $5 ! great cause!
Now you do SOMETHING...WHAT?! I stamped and signed it!
4/20.... Bout to go get my nails did, hair did, everything did! 💋
": I swear, everybody I call say I have a cute voice..."
when you think a guy is checking you out but youu remeber you're wearing rainbow shoes and hes just like "what the hell are on her feet?!"
as you should have. Had I been informed PRIOR to less then 24 hrs b4 I would have come down to watch too! lol
Back on #Eden today! Last day to play...
miss talkin to u too
no plans yet to release data at the moment but we do hope to make #3D models available via web viewer soon!
Grateful for all the birthday well wishes today and realizing I need to do a better job of keeping up with those fb daily bday notices.
i found my doppleganger on
omg come check out the new 2story Zumiez at the Fashion Show mall, it's freaking tight & the peeps so friendly, say hi to Kaywood!
Mission accomplished!
You can find me in the club, eatin' Cap'n Crunch I'm into having snacks, I ain't into making lunch
scratch that... it won't let me DM you for some reason!
“: I am the worst event planner in the world. I can't plan my own birthday. shame.” ¡ #Escandalo !
agreed ... The #Avs look like a few of their players were shaken babies
We've got 80 degrees and palm trees right here in
Looking for a fun, friendly bootcamp/workout group in MKE, possibly near the lake? Any ideas/suggestions?
To my new Followers, thnx for the Follow!!=)
#best90squotes Ya down with O.P.P yea you know me
Dying laughing at our waiter sprinting 's - downing this purple marg to get to
I thought I would never feel old. Then Debbie Gibson had to go and turn 40 today.
watching the Blind Side and voting for you guys #TM #mbpopoff #TeamMindless i love you guys follow me back<3<3<3
I know! I was like are they all friends O.o
my attention span = kaput
I am still at this airport. That is all.
something is wrong when the consequences don't speak for themselves though..
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
lol, my parents don't live in miami anymore. I'm here with brother bear
So happy to be done with work for today. I worked hard at a fast pace, and got the scratches and bruises to prove it.
With ma guuurls.
You are my rising sun and sundown
Running for the 1st time in three weeks on my bday! Hope it gives me good luck for my run.
and his caddy are the same person, just one has a beard
No shortage of Canadian content in National Lacrosse League playoffs
you already know!
": I'm off now I just got on the parkway ... You okay your caps lock is off
Good for Elton to play silly role in Pepsi commercial
yeah so i just did the salt and ice challenge. yeah my hand is burning right now
find the file on thingiverse and we can print you one out
I'm going crazy here, I feel like a little toddler again :') lol
My car just died. Happy Friday!
everyone is watching the Grammys....
Cant wait to get off work cuz im not goin home!!!
Mark Begich (D-AK) just took the Senate floor to support the reauthorization of
my son waffles is so nice to me (: #proudmom (:
RT Mousavi Facebook: CRUCIAL Demonstration on Saturday 16:00 Tehran and around the world, please pass on
Poaching eggs. Toasting Ciabatta. Wilting baby spinach. Smoked Salmon. You know where this is going...
My English teacher was bugging today. How annoying. I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.
hey Ava. Your my pro pic and my twit pic.
New Davinci Virtual Office conference room packages in Newport Beach! Call 877MYDAVINCI today and ask for Christie for details! dv.co
T.I. Be spittin that hood logic knowledge I love it
i need that embroidered on a pillow. (not joking)
you won't throw on Williams or Woodson and you did not fix the o line. Cutler is out week 10
4G full bars on phone, yet slow Facebook app and errors on certain pages. All this money and yet terrible UX and database calls....
Sending you lots! Your jewelry collection should be on everyone's holiday wish list!
I know you boys will win it for us tonight
Need a place to escape the Ravens madness? Stop by Bonaparte! Enjoy a coffee and croissant in a relaxed, football-free environment!
Courtney upshaw #pack lets do it
Rolling along tonight and started reminiscing and then my eyes closed and then I remembered crap I'm driving...
>>>MLM News! Nerium International( New Company Listing )
Absolutely. RT : Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase ~Martin Luther King Jr.
Thank you :-) Life is moving forward! Hope you all have an awesome time opening for Vertical Horizon tonight.
Just tuck and roll, man. RT Back on 94.5 The Lake with news. live at 7. Hope I don't bump into running down the hall!
4 hour master-class with #FrankLangella and snuggling up in bed to watch get mutilated by jack...Monday's looking up!
might have to read that too, is rocking my daily schedule too
Looking forward to moving 25 yards of soil today at the T-Intersection of Palmer and Concordia from 10-3. Come join us! Bring a shovel.
way to go! Kudos to you and staff!!!
omg I'm soo sorry I hope u have a supa speedy recovery (leans over and kisses ur boo boo) ••Maauh!!!!
My head says #TeamHaley but my heart says
Just got caught up on email. If you're still expecting one from me send it again. Sorry thanks.
Thanx for the RT. I'll send you a referral link shortly. You'll get FREE extra storage space!
Christmas is less than two weeks away, have you finished your holiday shopping? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
You're not the only one, I promise... RT Just once I want to run into a library and scream "Ninja Slumber Party!" Just once.
I think I'm seeing some results, again, from my workout
We just love your adjective! Its perfect!
#SomeWomenCantStand other women!! I dont like girl they talk to much shxt!!!
Last week Kansas was lucky to get past Purdue. Tonight UNC was lucky to get past Ohio. Feeling this game is over.
Listening to my friend talk to her boyfriend on the phone depresses me...
i really need a dedicated workout partner
at my little sisters talent show, a 10 year old boy sang Write Your Number On My Hand. He did it justice.
I tried liking her and her band, I really did. But she pisses me off.
it took me at least 6-9 months. Hahahaha!
Brb gotta wash the dishes!.
So tired of dealing with morons. Actually, morons would be an improvement.
also it's my first book. i was/am an actress for thirty yrs.
All signed up and ready for the course with Colorado Outside?
i'll cut u & them lol
that necklace is amazing!!!
Yeah, pretty expensive. I'm just getting the word out, not paying that myself. I'd just take a cab.
hey! How's the new job at cerner?
You don't draft a guy in the 1st round when they are projected to go in the 3rd. That's drafting 101.
Know anyone who might be interested in helping out with web content migration? Most will be auto but we'll need help cleaning. Let me know!
I wish I had someone I could talk to :(
alright i will. haha
I'm in video conf w Google Places and questions from everyone "Where have all the reviews gone, why are they disappearing?" Epidemic now
so long as we string flowers in our hair, love foolishly, and dance in the rain, the rest can be secret maybe
umm, hello Brian! ;)
Thanks a lot! I'm glad to hear your a fan! Have you heard our mixtape?
Always remember. A hoe gone be a hoe & a nigga gone be a nigga. It really aint no use to get upset about it.
Tell your friends to follow us on Twitter!
Thank you for the mentions today! May the fourth be with you.
Real good shit today.
nah cigs dawg it been a long day
thank you for coming! are you joining us for our weekend training Nov. 4-6?
She was riding a skateboard in three inch heels. I fell in love before I even knew what was happening.
y do u ignore me dog?
grape, clonal selection, etc. I think it all plays a part for sure. But I think Adam nicely restates "terroir."
thanks! I'll forgive that your a NYY fan :)
Mcdonald's is red, Facebook is blue, I write some sick songs so how about you follow me too?
lol shut up ☺☺
u silly!!!
There is happiness when each moment is used in a worthwhile way. Happiness is such nourishment that it can transform a person from weak into
ya I feel u
Good ol David Lynch!
bow bow bow bow bow bitch I'm bustin at em!! That song is dumb there lol
I'm on the list love learning new stuff. Tnx -Kirk
Jamie Moyer's still on the Rockies' roster. Loving that.
I *knew* you'd like that one. Now, off to roast some ochre :^)
best PSYCHO homage
- will be glad when my car ready.
Who heard use our little nickname tonight?!
Dominate in everything you do --- even it's kickball. Nvm that the other kids are walking forward because they think u can't kick.
okay I just died. <3
I had it in mind my vac was in mid-May.. It starts tomorrow. :-/ #Oops #MyBad Was going in tomorrow.. Perhaps not.
How about a Free Flt. to Hawai'i? www.majkltravel.net RT Did u know that 1 in every 10 people in the world lives on an island?
Today is the World Naked Bike Ride at Portland. Keep Portland
me too! :D We better get a pic or something signed!!
Math for Elementary Teachers is kicking my butt!
Here's Denice who's using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs. in 6 weeks. You too can improve your beach...
rad - have fun over there
Life is going on
I didn't do the park Hopper because I didn't know if I would have time to hop.
She just be wantin sum to say
is really cute :3
thanks! The beta is coming out tomorrow and I hope you will love it!
I would take a national championship. If Louisville could beat KY along the way great, but the goal is a championship.
Saw the 3PM show of that dance piece I told you about. If you can do it, go. Really, truly. 8PM. Kern Center. Pure joy.
Grats to our Lobos for winning the MWC championship and having a 5 seed in the big dance!
I wish I didn't have one.
I'd love to do a season of both each year but definitely have some movie stuff I'd like to do next before jumping back in.
Ugh so dehydrated right now.
just signed up with edelweiss :) I have to barter for more time from my toddler.
Took me far too long to realize people were mad at Limbaugh and not the epic 70s rock band.
Hey, we haven't talked in a while! Miss ya love! How are you?
Thank u!! Have a Happy Mother's Day too!!:)
Find the front door bitch
Happy 175th birthday, Chicago! My, how you've grown.
hey polo how are you? :)
good meeting u big dog.. Let's keep in touch!
I need to get a job ASAP. If I'm stuck with my mum all summer I just might die.
I never said anything like that!
For museums that do use social media, there's also the question of which museum staff are allowed
I did!! And I finally met my neighbors after all these months!
Great rehearsal today! We are so excited to welcome Gilbert to the cast. He's amazing!!!
I hate this class! -_- 2 hours left to be annoyed....
Hands Designed to be Kissed Most beautiful bridal Mehndi designs
I rather be single & flirt, then be stuck with an @$$hole who doesn't realize what a good woman he has.
Ghost Hunters International. :D
would love to.....but I don't have tickets
We don't want anyone to feel rushed!
omg i just realized im past 700 followers :O gonna have to do ANOTHER live chat some time. proly this weekend :)
haha my brother just told me that he heard a deep man's voice coming out of my room.I'm watching all of Jc's videos that's why (;
your welcome burns suerte!
not a team at the station, I embarass them enough!
We are hiring if you have any potential candidates!
YAY FOR YOU!
Not being able to be there for my baby really gets to me!!!😔
Thanks for bringing it up! There are an incredible amount of V2V opps and buying incentives out there.
lol. I had to put the bag down. Just...so...good!!!
Happy Christmas eve 
Hi !! FYI got a Feeln is acapella perfect!!! Hopes will get to chat w n tmmrw!!
Alcohol is an inactive ingredient, according to a Nyquil label.
Awesome! Do you know if you can transfer the balance to another Go card?
About a week ago my dad gave me my mom's high school year book to look at… I haven't bee able to open it yet
what about "ax/ex/ox/xi/xu?" Z has nothing on that. If "za" is shorthand for "pizza," I totally agree.
Cool, still here in electronic Pepsilandia.
Santorum says if Obama wins presidential election freedom is over.
whatever. no you're not. i understand that you'd rather be there. so, it's okay.
yo. Do you remember me,,, your mouth?
this just breaks.my heart & disturbs me greatly. Not sure how people can be that cruel. :( wish Werth the best
Hudson Valley, SoCal/Salton Sea, NV, Iceland, Sweden, Delaware, NJ, NEPA, Central PA, NC. I find things wherever I go.
Tiger Woods needs to start hanging with Charlie Sheen...then he'll start
didn't mean to start a debate, just listening to G&G like you! Sorry - hope u have a good day
Watched Shut Up, Little Man! last night. Not sure how I missed that meme entirely.
Why is this couch is so comfortable.
lol, have 2 unfortunately this series RT : I wonder if is cheering against the pacers right now for his heat? Lol
:) thats very very true ,its fun when the teachers are not teror
Mad Men and Mad Ballers :)
Asked max to audition for britains got talent with me and sing, well he hasn't said no so weheyyy
toledos show was killer. Lovin harvells on a sunday night!
i'm say'n...that nigga shoulda said that monday when williams had that two piece dark for .99...smh
#sometimesyouhaveto watch the one you love walk away
"are you saying Pam? Or Pan?" Have a great day ☀💛😊
Thanks for coming out to the Haiti Earthquake Relief Benefit Concert everyone! Your donations will be much appreciated! We had a blast too
If you don't believe you deserve the best; then don't act surprised when you receive less than. You get what you are expecting. -RM
#RnBThrowBacks Usher Can you handle it
a MUST follow!
said the gone lose and the final score gone be 101-96 I hope #OKC prove him wrong
"we see ourselves as a technology company that happens to have cars." Rob Weisberg, CMO
Hi Paul, I just sent it over!
4th report of #dogattack at Paul Revere Park in #Charlestown. Presumably the same dog, brwn/wht #pitbull named Parker. Please steer clear.
Wow that last tweet was bad!! Dang! Tweeting & driving don't mix haha
So glad you are enjoying Ailey!
Back bends & kick overs while listening to Christmas music at the rac
Next time you get a physical have iron checked to ensure that your levels are adequate, iron helps transport oxygen to your muscles
#Bees pollinate both #coffee plants as well as #alfalfa, on which the #dairy industry is dependent.
-- my X-Files lives on.
I guess you've seen the suit I have on it was a surprise from my wife...I came home unexpected & there it was on a chair.
I'm home now btw. Thanks, mom! ;p
Colt .45 is a RBI machine, something this horrendous RBI offense needs (plus he'll fall in love with the #Cleveland food scene)
I had a GREAT party venue. I just... um... ended up at Safeway.
Does it matter that there are no postcards of Prentice? Should we only preserve popular buildings?
at my friends house watching American dad ;)))
It's Friday time to get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg On you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
Yeah, now you having me wanting the banana ones! LOL!!!
Coming at me wit Grillz (fake ass grillz mind yu) you a grown ass man dont decorate your teeth
RT : helps you write and publish your pitch
although an oc rp would be fun to do
It would be easier to get out of bed if headed to the beach, but going to work, so not so easy!
Have fun drinking my piss next time you drink a recycled water bottle
yes & they need to hear why we are breaking the vendor addiction because the staff who leave do good stuff
#paulydpregame #yeahbuddy ... Some homework and the new season of #PUNKD and #PaulyDProject !!!
I'm finally following ! aka girl interrupted
yea I kno
Lots of us sitting on the floor in the nook and ereader session right now
Very empty Bengals Stadium.
Oh no, I definitely heard that you were a terrific hostess. :)
why you feed the jealousy train?
How long does it take to get a baggage receipt once an email has been sent? Is the receipt sent digitally or via slow mail?
After a rough week, going to get #footloose with my favorite manny.
Going to save a min pin that is getting euthnized tonight at 8
I care as much about hockey as I do about the
The key to life-lasting royalty payments is writing a unique holiday song.
RT RT : I want something I can't have.
#IAmLegend is a great movie.
Every moment of one's existence one is growing into more or retreating into less.
Jump around was awesome.
and the Suburu was a nice #onlyinPDX touch
Hey whats up Lisa, haven't heard from you and Big T...Orphanz™
There are a ton of Buckeye haters out there, but how are Ohio State fans different from any other big (or regular) college?
That awkward moment when you trip while walking alone and don't know whether to laugh or sprint
I am! We have some of their pieces and I was thinking of them just today. Do you have a favorite installation of theirs?
I forgot to ask what happened last night?
my neighbor just got off te bus and yelled happy Easter to the bus driver? wtf?
I don't want a tornado I'm home alone!! >.<
Heading to PNS with Ethan.
Life just isn't worth it anymore..
Hells to the yeah!
It's time to get the IU agreement done. You've been at UK long enough now that you should understand what really matters.
Sometimes I wish I can go back in time and punch myself in the face
#kids Run Like A Mother 5K Race at Reverchon Park, Sun, May 13 8:30a: Run Like A Mother, or RLAM, a motivational race founded by...
m... maybe should be using Google+ for occasional notes rather than Tumblr?
God just answered my prayer. I feel like a mountain has been lifted off my heart. He is so good.
We look forward to seeing you at the Grand Opening! Thanks for following us! Lots of craziness as we move back but very exciting!
lol it's not ratchet gah
NOW WADE KNOW BETTER.
I'm trying to convince my hubby to build me a cabin on old family property. New route number 666.
man that's exactly what I wanted to do. Got sick late last night tho so I'm just sleeping
YUP! And then T-Pain had to ruin everything with his big ass chain.
that shoe is insane.
fun night planned at enjoying Brian McKnight!!
Do you know he has only had 1 drive in which he was leading the game in his 5 games? Led oak 14 to 7. All that and he's won 2 games!
larson boat parts
Hey Youre Amazing Singer And Actress Love You And Youre Other Co-Stars So Much.
Former UK football player Myron Pryor was put on injured reserve. That sucos he wad having such a good year!
What ya getting into today? Playing any ball? Coaching? Lifting?
She has a few songs i like though.
a new day has dawned
Bobby Valentine - Welcome to #Redsox Nation!
aint that some truthishness ...by the way. Im a rapper! :)
Trying to grab some sleep.
I'm good. So you're from Satown huh? What high school?? Don't say Churchill! :b
Ohh Tumblr is far superior - much more sophisticated and fun platform than Blogger. What do you have to blog about?!
Our lightning tracker showing ~600 strikes over the past 5 minutes in the Fox Cities!
An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns.
Hey me and are on our way to find your house in Nashville!! We'd love a retweet
Dinner with grams was good. Now time for gym, tan, homework!! ;-)
Josh...WOW!
haha love the diet #socollege earlier i had stale triscuits
Looking forward to seeing #Jaimoe tonight at the Gramercy Theater with his Jasssz Band!
Congrats to D. Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day' : "a first choice for public and academic libraries" www.booklistonline.com
better hurry!
RT : Attending Around the World with tonight? The official event hashtag is #TAGibsATW. You can also still register at:...
i have one and there awesome but somtimes they can be annoying
Damn, I'm realizing I keep to myself way too much. Thought everybody important be knowing.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn. ~Unknown
Blasting "Carry on Wayward Son" on vinyl. I told you this weekend would be good!
you got it! On the radio a little bit ago. Stuck in my head now.
wait, just saw the end of the highlights. Crap
thank you for the great content AND the retweet ;)
yes! Can't wait!! I'm around if you need me for your other films. Woo!
Job Tip: Always keep a backup phone charger in your car/bag. You don't want to miss out on a call/job because your phone is dead.
Getting a $100 gift card to Lily Pulitzer is like getting a $20,000 gift card to Mercedes Benz. Nice but you still need to kick in...
How long should you wait after getting a guy's number to call? I met this really hot guy at a BBQ in '93 and I don't want to seem desperate.
soft mi ready.
Anything for you.
makes sense. That's what I did at Bloomington, IN too. still, it's too bad.
Thanks! I designed and made the site myself. ;)
Bowl season under way - sad that #BC Eagles are sitting at home watching - not competing - whose fault? - hm - #FireSpaz and
I don't understand the young people.
you know it..but aren't you sad you're leaving me too? lol
Please go to my imdb page and click the "like" button on the right ... many thanks! www.imdb.me/scottbutler :)
We still appreciate your effort with :-)
miss you too! Going tonight?
PSU's International Night tickets will be available on Monday, April 10th at the box office.
aww finally a middle name without marie in it. -.
lmao . Mine are so small
it is soo pretty
Chilling with my n-words
I had such an awesomely weird and confusing dream last night
The eBook price-fixing lawsuit makes me feel like a little kid looking at the innards of a watch. "Wuzzat, daddy?"
have been looking for you to wish you a happy belated birthday!
I keep distracting myself from the 1 thing I need to do, by 6 other things that also need to be done. Ack!
WatchN The Vow w/ My Husband..
wish there was a drug that would give me the feeling I get when I hear 'This Must Be The Place' on the radio.
JUST TALKED TO ! AH IM DYING AND SCREAMING RIGHT NOW AH!!!
Carrie Underwood's new album >>> So good!
we need to turn your Grinch into a Who!!
It's so hot, way too hot
Is Pepsi also going to air some commercials featuring the Philadelphia Eagles during this NFL postseason?
Shoot me.
ive said before theres only 3 appropriate answers to 'would yu eat her ass out?' ... yes, no, and fresh out the shower
Firegirl by Tony Abbott: Burned girl makes one friend.
Cabin bound :-) going to relax....
Ya gotta let ya hair down..
Exactly. They didn't. D Wade left it in Miami.
haha you're delusional
'Formed from' or 'consists of' x coaches, I'd suggest.
calling my phone u so out of pocket I been there before boy u need to stop it!
Starting the HCG diet this week hope I can hang with it for a month, 1st 2 days u pig out then u have only 500 calorie's a day after crazy!
Early to zumba and of course getn n upset stomach #wonderful hopin to enjoy some sun and painting today
RT : You're #awesome. Just needed to say that!
it was strawberry :3
and I are going to be making bank next pay check! Love making money again!
Wonder if Bob Geldof and Simon Cowell will cut a charity single to benefit the victims of the great Gaithersburg 'quake...
Barack won't do anything for money. Newsweek wanted to take a picture of him shitting on the flag, but he said "No". Loser!!
Tonight on #FrontRowCenter, show their country/folk sound. With T-Bone Burnett & On Ch 10 at 9.
Someone needs to teach me how to skateboard! Haha x
nice man! I've been training for 13 to 14 years and yes man it is a great sport! I love everything about it even the lows.
Kathy your the best!!!! U made watching the Oscar fun tonight.
Lets go!!!
Make no mistake about it. There is an organized movement against organized #labor, and it's called the Bush Administration – Ted Kennedy
#1326 Icon: Hot! <: BG: I'm Arianate-ing! She's amazing! Bio: Awesome! <3 AND, YOU'RE MY BESTIE. I LOVE YOU MORE! :D
Pray 4 one of world's wealthiest nations- less than 1% evang! France for Christ info meet Sat 1pm. (not a fund raiser) Details KLOVE.COM
hahaha I love your answer!!!:D
He is hot.
Why do some chicks act like they all that and a bag of chips but they not even some of that and a mamba....? #Ramone'sRandomBrain
And...HELLO, welcome to Brett and Billy!!! I hope you two have the most amazing week! Thanks for stopping by and rock on! : )
Good morning. Only 2 hours to go til Tent North and West of Hilton Colluseum. Stop by and see us!
i'm getting sick Dx
13 hours of driving. 13 hours of nonstop Drake and Jeezy. Wanted to turn this into a haiku. Too tired. Home.
How do you go around and smile in someones face knowing that you're talking to their ex?
YES SIR! RT The Marshall crew!!
actually I believe our local broke that news first-check the tl I'm 95% sure
haha, dreams about McDonalds are always stellar!
Called with a list of parts to be pulled for pick up. Came in - not a single part pulled. O'Reilly's FAIL :(
I think Chinatown, I think San Fran...or Asian Naked Spa In Vegas...how do I make that comment not weird? too late...airy :)
They're counting the votes by hand w paper ballots in Urbandale
I can not read your tweets no more while drinking any beverage...you are too funny.
You'll just have to schedule another trip out west!
Sweet set-up there.
I'm about to watch the latest recording of #Fringe!!
Aight tomorrow is the day. I will be throwing money at my phone at 9pm PST. Where can I cop? Fye?
Chillin at the Friends n Family party with my people. So far so good.
Thank YOU for participating! We had so much fun!
Okay, I've been at work for three hours and ready to get strarted....now. Well, in a bit.
Single Tweet was so April 15 m people wanna just now say some
says the dude who still takes mirror pics
I hate when parking sucks so much that I double park by my house so I can run in to pee....
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there! Especially my mommy <3
We are so excited to see !
Hm... I'd have to ask the student. Interesting possibility.
Good morning! The link doesn't work. RT : Learn how to start to discover and articulate your purpose in life from
I "may" have eaten one once... still not sure to this day. Oh Thailand.
It looked painful dude got red marks & bloodied. I would have stepped in but dude seemed like a douche
“: Joining the cast of "Hitchcock" with Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren. Very cool.” Coolio. Mr. Cool!
Happy Friday! Lots to finish before the weekend.
Girls talking, baby screaming, I guess it's time for the earbuds!
Trying to find the debate on tv. Is it tonight?
DT Ricardo Mathews stays with Indianapolis Colts and signs on their practice squad
I never understood the 3 choices thing. Not realistic. Not to mention all the un-sexy financial stuff that's glossed over.
Ok all you fucking one directioners should really shovel yourself in a fire pit, please with all due respect
gets all the bitches jealous, lol i love you. fuck bitches
if you can avoid flying to Israel, do that. They will stick in the crappiest plane they have and treat you like cows.
Kleven Contemporary is open today and tomorrow from 9am-5pm. stop by and have a looksee!!
Hmm. Do you have GSX access? Wonder if the replacement part requires a newer OS component/update?
The #Brewers need to get a shrink for Yo and Hack G. Talk about ten cent heads......
Just Steve - : YO!! All you guys headed to Rock on the Range or just Steve?? On my way too :)
thanks for the follow man.
Getting 4 hours of sleep due to homework definitely justifies an afternoon nap.
Really wish I could go to the Big Red Liquors Beer Fest in Bloomington!
Looks nice!
I READ IT IDIOT TRY TO SIGN OUT TO READ MINE..
Why are they giving PARKS only 13 eps next season and why are they cancelling it. Mostly: WHY??!!
Jerry Is HUGE(; I wonder what Justin thinks about this TT? ;)
This point is always made at our 6 month refresher course. Due to mandated topics to cover we only touch on it.
Sometimes you just need to cave and order a sweater full of yarn in #Quince color honey
Understatement of the playoffs so far #BeyondMessedUp RT : Man, this game is messed up.
Oh you know just on your channel play you songs over and over!!!
like I said insensitive
off too change our address officially #LIFEISGOOD and get some pizza!!
yes! just what I needed this morning!
Getting ready to hit NYE party circuit, which in our world means 2 parties in friends' homes. Looking fwd to much fun. Happy New Year!
So thankful to have Pantera in my life.
How's your hooves doing?
#DeltaDelta is killin this Mercer step show
hey whts up
Dear whoever is in the hall outside my classroom, loud does not equal funny...or charming.
yesterday i went over to 's house and we watched the stupidest scarry moovie evar. he was so scaredd heh c;
Almost done Christmas shopping and its not even December yet.
One more fuckin' love song I'll be sick.
follow us! and our merch guy
any tips on Abu Dhabi? I'm going Friday to assess ActivateGames (teaching youth game design w some civics) w
Ok call your mom and tell her to pick you up now
RIP #ALDAVIS A true Football pioneer...
Let it be known far and wide: Today is the first day I've worn open-toed shoes to work this year. :)
haha yes i love oreos =) and u gotta tell me this idea =P
Happy Monday. Any amazing game moments that you need to share with the CheapBats world?! We want to hear about 'em!
AMAZING. FRAPPUCINOS ARE HALF PRICE AT STARBUCKS. WAH
Thanks for following me on Twitter, Skip. I look forward to your Tweets and posts. Cheers!
« Today has been a good day :) !»
From one of my youngest guitar students: 'What happens when we learn all the songs in the universe? Then what do we do?'
where you at now, and why you didnt hit me up when you were here? dang you girl...
Check out Shdy Lks. There you can fish, hike, and have a pleasant picnic to end the afternoon under a Cotnwd Tree.
Been stuck in meetings since 9am today. But I have emerged to my favorite read of the week. Time for some chix nuggets at Mailbag!
omg omg life suckz.
Not to late to join us @ Lillies for Thanksgiving. $21.95 adults, $13.95 kids. Turkey, all the fixings, dessert. 202 450 4824 for details
Dear Scranton, not a good start...Im a stickler for time so yeah this late stuff...not cool.
finished AP test #so happy
Favorite Love Song : Jump Then Fall (Taylor Swift).
ION WANNA GT MARRIED..ION NEED THEM PROBLEMS
whoa that looks amazing. nice work, T. happy birthday Duy.
you too girl!!
when did you take this photo?
te-je...REHAB is a nice place, i been in H-Town an this is my 1st night there...so dope...Named it Therapy for fun lol
False! “: Miami is never fun when it rains!”
yes!! This Pats fan (in Chicago) is psyched.
Where's the sun San Diego? Oh, wait a minute, I see it here at the beach in Carlsbad! Moms/Dads be strong in your voice for your children..
S/o to the worst driver ever, and even though u missed it for showing up today
my friend Mayah has a crush on you. Just thought you should know that.
I know! I do want them all!!! has other opinions...
I want new clothes. Like, now.
Up for a morning run. New blog post on my disaster with Internet dating www.kayblog.com
Is it true that you'll be joining the Justin Bieber Crew again for the Believe Tour in 2012? :) I hope so...we need you, Ry ♥
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. Mahatma Gandhi
Don't need the pin if they run it as credit though right?
#ISupportSameSexMarriage Whats the Big Deal hear lovers of the same Sex should have the right 2 be Married show ur love
I just loaded the first eBook I've ever built onto my iPad and it's BEAUTIFUL(ish).
I am sad to learn that one of my favorite singer, #WhitneyHouston, has passed away. I know she will be missed.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences. - Walt Whitman
We're spending today editing our #senior sesh from last night while jamming to our #Fun. station on Pandora. What are you up to today?
You're welcome. Hope you're having a great week so far.
Use #FEED on your Instagram photos. Will be printed and posted at Arthouse ATX for
#SomeWhereInTheGhetto a parked car just got side swiped by somebody driving a base rental.
seems they have to compromise to efficiently serve a large user base, not good for user experience though.
Why does it feel like I've been waiting at the car wash for hours?!?
When ever I watch a John Candy movie and he starts walking I can't help but scream "dead man walking!" I'm a riot!
Remember how easy it was to open your blinds this morning? Thank the Venetians!
I forgot my uncle Joey (Gaga) was at the VMA's last night! Lady Gaga and Britney kiss?? Not gonna happen Britney says! LOL..
Yeah DC represent! RT : Outstanding Chef Award: José Andrés, minibar, Washington, D.C.
Today is the big week where i find out if i have Celiacs Disease. Dad is certain i dont.
Oh, Yeezy's got a release date now? ..... too easy
"Tonight we are young. So let's set the world on fire!"
My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra
Now Following
I used an Excel Visual Basic macro today. Is it weird to say I got an #adrenaline rush?
Offering great painting jobs discounts for this month! CHRISTMAS ESPECIAL.
s/o that man goes in!
NOW BOOKING APPOINTMENTS FOR HOMECOMING-makeup, lashes, brows very affordable pricing
Can you buy men's soccer tickets at the gate?
#NowPlaying Common - Hungry
Hey Tracy - I'd like to do another piece as a guest writer... on approaching 4 years as a working mom. Thoughts?
Me:"Josh! What is the entire process of labor and delivery called?!" :"PUSHING A WATERMELON THROUGH A STRAW!"
#Wits and the witnesses sound great!
EB and WB I-70 at Holly... 2 crashes both in the left lanes. Pass it on and warn your friends who take 70!
Audition in the morning for a Texas Lottery commercial...it's either feast or famine for auditions.
just went to the kitchen and got some NUTELLA yeah man lo
because booze and a sleep-aid go together like hand in glove! bhahaha
Just checked your T was mailed on 2/24. Send us some pictures of Italy so that we can feel jealous that you live there!!!
We have reprinted our mouse pads! Our new SBA SOP 50 10 5 (D) mouse pad had run out but now we reprinted them. Have them sent to you today!
Good morning! Nebraska loves you :) #1DtoOmaha check it out!
Taking showers when I'm in a bad mood. >
We just got called out, y'all.
Fuck Community College, lets get drunk and eat chicken fingers!
#ithoughtyouwerecuteuntil You took off you socks!
"Just do whatever it was we were taking about as soon as possible" is not a clear directive
If you sow wheat that's what you will reap, not corn.
thinks is MVP but he almost said it's either Kobe or for MVP jack
happy birthday Alec
Kevin is the night foreman overseeing the Tapenzie/Brooklyn Bridge security repairs.
OMG it's Batman...nevermind, just Kobe Bryant in a black mask.
you don't think their sexy? xD
As you start your business, think about protecting your personal assets with an LLC. And think, do I really need a building (and rent cost?)
for those wondering that's a podcast reference. Download the show to get the reference.
Japanese disaster and reactor crisis show resilience of nuclear power‎
Hang in there and just say no. Turn on Biggest Loser if you need inspiration. ;-)
it wont let me go onto
He's not on the phone, either.
Damn, you put me in a bad mood.
<<< I was thinking more like drinking wine but close enough lol
Bitch leave my man alone. Ain't you got your ownn
Jersey boys!!! Why are they so hott n I'm not just talkin bout the iconic boyz
We wish you were too! Which one is your favorite?
Anyone have a good chutney recipe they'd like to share? ;)
If Tebow loses tonight, then that means Jesus isn't real.
It’s amazing how much work gets done when you are on a week-long motorcycle trip. I should go more often.
u lived a real interesting life G
As posted earlier: Have money to spend on new history books. What should I be reading?
Home. Recovery from: Sickness Gym Life And myself.
Come meet flintknapper Aaron Woods and watch him shape a chunk of obsidian into a stone tool. The workshop starts at 11:15.
is on BeerTub, is on our 3 Olives Bar by #TheRumRunners, will be at the door & has shots for u!
ifinddd so cute &adorable &sweet &amazing &a sweetheart &whoever is his gf ,better treat him right ! he is so sweet
we should just be bestfriends cause were so cute lol
I hate annoying ass substitutes!!!
I'm no ugly queen I'm just ugly me xD
@ VAIS Technology Conference -- looking forward to a few good sessions -- thanks to VAIS & STAB --
B4 I Die I Will Record Wit Noble N EDI.
I like Much Ado because it's a great example of how approachable #Shakespeare can be. A lot of it is prose or sex jokes.
just found out we need to name one of our songs anyone got some good ideas for a song title ?
I Need Yu..! U Always Help Me Open My Gym Locker Lol =)
it's annoying when I respond on my iPhone it uses my MSR account. Just in case you thought that was a random creep...
In front of desk working while checking email & tweeting. Have the FLU So bummed about missing Mr. Buckley...hmmph...ANother DAY I guess :-(
How do ya like that flop Vogal!
RT #Job opp: #Business Development Director at #BtoB Magazine - Greater NYC Area #jobs >opp for my local media friends...
<---- this guy right here RT : Who wants a shoutout to 26,000?
Had a dream last night that I bought an ink pen from Oprah
is there a coupon code for that? :-)
You're my sweetest dream come true.
RT : I hope & are inundated w half-marathoners this gorgeous afternoon!
Guess I'm watching movies at home all night.
Connect Pro is awesome! And not a lot of people are using Skype for the audio half though... that's pretty interesting!
I'm fine too and yes too HAHAHA. Which place are you going to go to?
If you're into penny stocks, I suggest you check out LUSI. Big momentum coming and rumors of a big PR will take this to the top, trust me.
you can call me whatever you'd like cc:
SOTU - Send the President the Dream Act, he'll sign it!
I just discovered your tumblr (I'm slow, I know)! I LOVE IT. Go James McAvoy and Friends and Michael Scott...
R.I.P. Izzy Pip-Squeak Largent. I will always love you. You've been gone for about a year now...I miss you.
#np Sunday Bluegrass on w the country gentleman, Berk Bryant. The shortest, fastest, and bestst 3 hours in radio!
Looking forward to tonight's #ImpInv roundtable alongside and Thx to
I can't wait for the weekend!
Dick Clark, the music industry maverick, longtime TV host and powerhouse producer who changed the way we listened to pop music with...
SometimesYouHaveTo distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If not, you know where you stand.
Praying for your this morning! Thank you for your investment in kids future. Blessings!
yeah I know I have to use a cast and crutches
Waking up for the day. Yes. My day starts now at 11pm & ends tomorrow at 9pm. Yeah for no sleep. Off to hospital soon to guard my father.
Words cannot describe how stoked I am for this showcase and where it's gonna take me
Leaving San Diego in about four hours. Already miss it. We must make this happen.
long story.
u know this brotha
It was AMAZING! theyr my favlrite band, love them, theyr from Oklahoma!! Lol in fact theyr movie Talihina Sky...
I will try to. I have a blackberry.. So you know what that means.
Life is great right about now!
#1stworldproblems = side effects of being spoiled ass Americans for example . . .
Charm City is well represented as is #WestBaltimore - shoutouts to HarlemPark, Midtown, Evergreen, Edmondson Vill & Bridgeview among others
Another chapter in the books. GM :)
I used to find it kind of interesting to look at my score over time, but that only highlighted the seeming random-ness of the data.
Time for some #socmed w and more!
thanks for the mention Cleverley! You're the best!
somebody needs Harry Potter Cliff Notes
Found an awesome Sea Salts bath store right on the pier in Sea Side Oregon. Huge Organic tubs filled w/fabulous smelling sea salts
Honor, patience, hard work, and humility will take you further than hustling, bogarting, hating, and brown nosing ever will...
#Attention --> is gonna be the newest movement for fresh fashionable #organic wear #follow us and her updates specials and more!
You going for cotto, aight. I'm with money may
Rewatching Moneyball already a classic in my mind
Tweet us a pic of your meal, we'll post it to our Facebook! Nothing like albums full of delicious food...
RT : one of the greatest decisions of my life was to follow you on twitter. I always agree with everything you say.
enjoyed it, thanks!
What are 3 things you recommend doing when your child received the diagnosis? Share what worked for you!
I'm Back Bro!! How U Been Ma Dude?!
awww man last nite I tried and tried and I also thought of telling ppl who know her as followers and I dnt think they did :(
im single!
“: #TeamTalk ~ When The Favor of Your Leader Becomes Unimportant To You...Resign. #drMM #fb”
Ijs...lol...RT : RT So Shaq got a Phd, huh? Hm...in education at that. Okay...
Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm Weekly features: Chef Tuff Cookie Bake Shop, Artist Tanti Hill, Music from Island Spice
yes omg<3 just made my day! You remembered!
Finally heading home after a long night of filming.
Oh wow. I really needed to really heed that colon. I feel like a doof. That's why they pay me the big bucks.
r u goin to grandma house or are you comming home
great to hear that! Can't wait to see you tear it up!
I know it's you that keeps calling me on blocked number.
ty! Did you hear about our anti Valentine's Day contest too? For the single ladies!
No words are necessary between two loving hearts. Unknown
Btw, glad that someone actually read the whole post instead of just glancing at it :) Ok, it's fixed now. Thanks again!
Loves being treated like this when I don't deserve it especially by those that are closest to me
RT : I know that can be maddeing. If I can make a suggestion or give you some feedback, I'd be happy to do so.
Damned hard decision - is a single painting with eight parts an octaptych or polyptych?
#giveBIG has received donations from 7 different countries and 48 states! Everyone loves San Diego!
What a day already and its only 10:30am.
RIP Joe Avezzano
we live life 2 learn lessons
I made fish tacos (w/Guiness stout batter for frying the fish) recently. Not SD good, but not half bad...
wrote the whole bio chapter on a cheat sheet for my test today. definitely the only reason i passed.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day! If you're not wearing green, here's your virtual pinch!
Here's a hint, there's a new tab that I'm pretty sure everyone will like! (look under our profile picture)
Can't wait for our next injury-comparison episode. Of course I'm sure the picture in my attic is a bit older than yours...
Smh... Niggas gotta do better... Me and Joe in the same boat.
nun bored wbu
Fasho, good night to you
FUNNY. Thats why you were pooping your pants wondering where I was at on Saturday. :D
So cute!
I didn't get it :( No worries, we can still be Tweeps and exchange thoughts that way!
I'm sorry but Kobe be costing them games forcced shots and turnovers
our father? :| I don't … ok thank you.
I would hate to be short
What day is it? Starting the NFL draft on Thursday night has me all messed up.
can I be a judge?
good to hear! Will do :)
Omg where is there a Dave and Busters around here I gotta play dat big Fruit Ninja
i wish i had dimples.
“: One of these days, I'm gonna give all my secrets away” don't do that!
Positively #Cleveland is livin' it up in #Orlando at #APM2012 Expo
Starting up Clue for movie night. Four Rooms to follow. Come have a drink and watch a good movie.
Can't wait to see you on a set soon!
Ray Ray & Prodigy
I Love Your Story ! Its Really God! Read It Al(:
nnaah I was (doing nasty things) with my bf and I couldn't get in cause I got here to late
:: Wednesday on Live at 10... heads to two one-way streets on MKE's East Side where they know only "one way" to drive... FAST!
Happy Eliza Dolittle Day!
hour on mtv best night ever #BOYFRIENDvideo = perfect <3
aye inbox me ya number?
do some research and get back to me. I watch c-span for my information, you brainwashed bafoon
Calling out all Volunteer Managers! Register for the Volunteer Management Essentials Sessions on May 3,17,31. Click Link....
Eating at Nicky V's. Y'all gotta check this place out. It is delicious!
Tomorrow could be the best day of my life so far.
Being first in line for #TheHungerGames midnight premiere
Post-literate media
WootRT : The big party is starting here soon! Don't forget to head on over to for the afterparty!
Wake up and smell the music.
"Create fun and a little weirdness" -one of Zappos core values (dream workplace!!)
distractions are killer. work is usually a pretty bad place to get work done.
your my little croissant lol
Good afternoon everyone! How does everyone feel about us getting a referral contest going?
#icanttakeyouseriously if all u talk about is ur ex
guys that choose a BITCH over their 'best friend'<
yes, sign up, you'd like it! use my link, I get points when I refer people :)
My socks have gesso on them
Time for chocolate chip pancakes.
#WFUD12 "We have copyright in fashion, and it's called vexatious litigation."
Correction: & are not drinking buddies tonight. Just goofy Irsay tweets. 2 bad that'd be a fun party!
bored as heckk
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.~ Plato
the open man was busy downloading doodle jump. Doodle jump?
We love this tour! We try to see it as inspiring, not depressing. That sometimes works.
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Stressing out. Hardcore.
Thanks! Crappy Puppet Show is hilarious!
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
I'm 99% sure you don't like me and I'm 100% sure IDGAF. Today Tomorrow Yesterday Next week Or eva
"Sick" or "stick"? I'm confused.
Do the Cleveland #Indians really think they can compete this year? They'll be wasting their money if they sign Johnny Damon.
Please RT: What Would Lincoln Do?WWLD?
Fuck you you fucking sad pathetic loser
So ready to move to san diego. Going to miss all the homies though
One appt down. Three more to go.
When the guy you like texts you first.♥
Wednesday works fine, just text me (if you still have my number) a time!
Yep. Awesome stuff.
#whywriterswrite > RT "How could anything be more fun, than to love what U do and feel that it matters?"
Did you hear that? Bears. Now you're putting the whole station in jeopardy
Happy Birthday to the ultimate rockstar ! Wish you all the best mama..we will celebrate when I'm back in NYC xoxo
Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. [Colossians 3:2]
IMO, responsive design is great but completely lacks the experience and connection you want to create for the consumer.
Taping a show for CFRB radio 1010 Toronto today at 1.30-with Bill King
Has everyone been enjoying the #snow?
I now fully accept that my new cell phone is a jerk when it comes to photos.
FOLLOW THE ACCOUNT! me and my friend own it“: Website is Almost Done!
Oh snap
The only thing I can think of, is my personal happiness 😃
Egg cartons. Neat, yeah?
Think of the one area of life that brings you the most discomfort, and that's where you're ripe for growth.
Thanks & right back at you: “: #FF #localgrowth”
it would be in NY. Though London would work.
That's awesome, congrats!
first time I've been nervouse before an internet show!
Who is Biggie Smalls? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
fun yea i was gonna go to eurofest but i didnt get thee stuff for my car
Game 2 at the Garden
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Milwaukee!
Has seen enough #golf for 2011. Two more events to finish the season #MarinersClubofWisconsin and #CalumetEquityMutual. Bring on a long fall
"You know, I'm kind of like Tinkerbell, if you don't clap I'll die" – i love her!!!! <3
One day when the sky is fallin ill be standing right next to you <33 i LOVE !!
Yep You mentioned Flowers! Thanks for spreading the word. Have a good weekend!
2005 Nissan Altima Used Cars Queens Buy Here Pay Here NY ...
Wow jimmy carr says women apparently smile 62 times a day..not in tottenham they don't!! :p
Thanks Erin...glad you liked it!
Summer workouts start tomorrow!! Goin to be a crazy interesting summer this yr!
Thanks all for the great #Richmond suggestions. We're putting it the others in the group to select: Edo's, Capital, Roosevelt, or Mama Zu's.
tied....not tried...TIED of doin pushups. Lol so u know that's serious! Not worried bout just u and
#BmoreFail is decidedly missing a confectioner. Maybe next year.
lol u feel me it happenes to everybody
#MyPastRelationships taught me valuable lessons that help me make current ones last
glad to hear from you. Hope you're adjusting to rural life. I know it can be hard
#76ers haven't won a playoff series since 2003; One W away from upsetting 1-seed #Bulls. Sure, no Rose. But loss to 8-seed?
Nothing like a chocolate covered peppermint cookie from and a trip to the to chase the #bahhumbugs away!
if you don't think they're any good then stop watching they don't need your negativity.
all i ever do is rearrange furniture.
Morty the Dog: Favorite Movie Quotes: My Cousin Vinny
Thank you! Why didn't you come drink with me? lmao
I got your message sahn!!!
whats your number again
Spent my morning on a commercial shoot with my toes in the sand in Santa Monica. Lovely!
smh at some ppl on ustream
What time does SNL come on? What? It's only Friday? What if I was in China you presumptuous fuck? I'm not in China, but still...
i'll start on homework NOW
“: check out #ObamaDerbyNames to remind yourself that you live in a nation of rancid garbage” -> Holy crap!!
Thanks. Will check it out.
Thanks for the retweet!
hahaha o yea so this all happened at night when you were sleeping man it wasnt even a fair fight
Is your bracket all filled out? Who are you taking as the champion?
You win some, you lose some. As long as the outcome is income. 
i know. YoUll see her Friday. Are u getting surgery? I wish u were at school :)
oh it is, we all need to get back in our game and update it more though.
I have stopped saying bad things about you. (Honest. I really have.)
ok. I get off at 10 both days
o tweeter,
couldn't feel much better - on day 3 of 3 of #juicefasting - woke up to a celery, kale, cucumber carrot juice and a wheatgrass shot. Yum!
It's Make an offer Monday at www.notnilladesigns.artfire.com! Make me a resonable offer by contacting me on artfire and it's yours!
For those who placed bets on where i would get stuck. The winner is phoenix going off at 4 to 1 odds. My pain and suffering cut is 20%.
Love you too!
Would it be possible for us to get an interview with some of the SYTYCD dancers that are in Newsies? We'd love to promote u.
Pike IPA and Dry Wit
The Independent Republic of Chicago.
& I'll probably still not like him
well thats how Im rollin, go big or go home, Id rather be a little cunty than say nothing =)
They'll be #GladYouCame. See what I did there? :P
Thx! It was an incredible experience, but I need time now to just RUN, not TRAIN. I'll be back tho. Are u entering the lotto?
People shouldn't consider their opinions as facts. Do what you believe and respect the choices of others.
Just a few more appointments left for a Night-Out Make-up Application for $20!!!! Today only!!! Call now to book 327-2507
I apologize :) refollowed
Can already see the smoke from Woodburn HS as we head south on I-5
" The true perfection of man lies not in what man has, but in what man is. "
What about me marrying you to make u a legit traveler?
We all went to the movie theater with your mom and we saw that guy at Showplace, u ran up to him and said "SEE YOU AT ALBERTS!"
You cannot convince me that Roberto Mancini is not a Bond villain.
#LOEXConference2012 proceedings (2500 words) deadline Monday April 23! Off to present in Columbus, Ohio in 2 weeks!!
Where there is great love, there are always wishes
Same. I just started making room for it in my daily or weekly intake.
No fr fr wen did starships get released???o_O
A: nope
When people say "personality is what matters" meanwhile they know they only care about looks
not all guys or girls are the same .
Looks like Ill make tomorrow thx to Delta rebooking me on United. Which they didn't have to since it was weather.
I thought so the pop/rock winners don't become their competitors, LOL. They may make it bigger then them like few others.
After work I know imma b a complete mess
Schools so close to a finish. I'm happy, but I really don't know what's going to happen after its all over.
with Cody and my parents haha. Ya you should definitely all come haha
There was no one at the grocery store, which makes me worry about the economy and a possible coming zombie apocalypse.
Volleyball time!
can i have a shouotut?! love ya :*
coming all the way from Milwaukee,WI to see u put a hurting on the Rams in Nov. U da big boss man
Looking for a unique vintage look??? Try 16 Stone Vintage. Based in NYC
With Parkrose's teachers impending strike on April 25, Wilsonville's league contests w/ Parkrose will be varsity only. No JV through May 11.
Happy birthday and here's to your fabulous forties...!
Kbai going to go see ON MY TELLY VISION
Thanks Joe!
Ask the Texas Rangers. :)
RT if you love ur Chicago fans!
Excited for dinner w/ JB
Friday Jazz at Enso: Sunny Wilkinson 3/25
Just finished grocery shopping but feeling lazy. Thai food it is. Love Nong's in Golden Valley.
O'Shea's had a faint Subway-ish smell, as I recall. Not unpleasant but distinct.
“Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance” ~Samuel Johnson
Watching "The Lost Boys" - love this movie.
Jakes in a better mood today, time to whitewater raft in the living room...
I'll totally share just not over here
Well, now I've already started thinking about my #rsa12 presentation. Is this an illness or what?
just getting my set up on my facebook page. pretty cool tool for #realtors with business pages on
I LOVE YOU!! please follow me
God its the funniest thing when people say is fake. I can't help but laugh in their face.
So I update my apps and then 5 minutes later there's another one to update...
awesome funny stuff!!!
Took a fun $20 spanish class at tonight - so fun! Thanks to el maestro Tony y todos los estudiantes! #chicago (cc )
“: in a recent survey it was found that 59% of people like to check their emails while using the toilet.”
wish I had some
NP Sing 2 you: Johnny P
I do the exact same thing!
I live To Do lists, and to write out projects. Evernote keeps it in one space for me, lets me clip pics and websites.
Listening to a webinar right now about reputation management. It's very important for local biz
says and none of em are to be found lol and keep in mind yo same friends tell me all yo shit too so lets not pull cards rumors easily get
Have a great week everyone!
Maxim #2- You need your partner's "id" as well as their signature.
Everyday I'm hustlin'.
#whatmakesyoubeautiful is your smile and how sweet you seem
Hi , found my way to your feed. After doing digital research I must agree you're a cool kid. We have to connect soon! Be well
welcome to my life...
