Pandora is doing it for me right now.
My grandparents always know how to make me happy!
My ears are ringing....
Why are you wearing a striped shirt with a plaid flannel.. STOP
yea ditch it. (and send the iPhone to ny :* )
Wanna see a free screening of Will Ferrell's movie CASA DE MI PADRE? March 8 at 7pm, Village East Cinemas - RSVP at
What stops profs from giving high grades and easy assignments to get good student feedback? Read "Academically Adrift"
MARIETTA, GA TONIGHT @ SWAYZE'S w/ IN DYING ARMS.
its never good 2 have high expectations cause when things dont work out u feel like shit & the way my days ending i wish friday wouldnt come
it was fucking awesome!! josh has got a new girlfuck.
Someone left one of my windshield wipers up last night...I wonder who it was...
nothing in Flint is customizable at the moment (besides font size).
whenever we go home through the Poconos it's either raining or cloudy....this trip is no different.
Both of those are going to be extremely expensive. Hopefully AT&T will unlock them.... :P
yes I'm still good. What time are you thinking??
Jimmy Buffet and the Flamingo are hiring 250 workers for new Margaritaville Casino! Caesars.
belated thanks, izzy!
hahahaha. you're welcome (:
OK, thank you!
bring food!!! :( RT I heard was sick...hmm I gotta go take care of her...but if I get sick dats her ass
it's not just getting those high level recruits on campus. It's about maximizing their potential quickly and thats all cal
The moment when you find out what someone really thinks about you...ouch! Thanks...😖
RT : Q4) building a win for the SMEs team members.> Great idea
School is more important than my health? Yeah this is why I hate you.
she said she's tmoneys cousin but I guess that's a lie. She knows the boys and everyone kisses her ass for it
you are horrible at touch hockey #11-1? #really?
#NBCUpfront - Looking for winners/losers from today's announcement? Brands, want to know what shows to buy/avoid? Ping me for more info.
Finally going home!!!
You don't need to know how to code. You don't need to know who signed the Treaty of Münster either. We teach lots of useless stuff in school
Yeah and Tulo isn't normally accurate either, right?
it was even more underappreciated in Heat with Al Pacino.
this really pisses me off i do everything for her too show you how much i love you and you seem too dont care </3 :'(
come people follow so will do a ustream
Fuck it :l
Thanks, ! Great to meet you and loved "In Lardo We Trust."
tomorrow i become mrs. brian chambers
Nokia Reportedly in Talks to Sell Vertu Luxury Unit - DailyTech
Hi Michelle, thanks for reaching out to us via twitter. A clean cab is a happy cab. We will address the issue with 5179. Thank you!
I'm up,I'm up!!! Gotta get it!
That's quite a hot list. Thank you.
#FeelBetterFriday to everyone with UC & Crohn's, especially my lovely nephew! Let's find a cure for these horrible diseases!
A big thanks to those of you who celebrated New Year's weekend with us at Grazie! We had a blast and hope you did too!
Right on!
This day in American Century Music: Oct 22 1889: Ives’s first of 36 organ lessons with Alexander Gibson, one of America’s leading...
Ok, dude! Anyone in their right mind would not get in a swimming pool with an alligator unless you fantasize about being an appetizer. Duh!
RT If u want some to ask u on a date or something I will RT myself 8]
Eminem >>>>>>>> One Direction.
We all think like storytellers. When doing a demo, conduct it like you are telling a story.
why is it soo cold in this house #FREEZING!
Amen !! rt We gotta win it for MO!
I'm tired of waiting for my sister!:/
Oh yeah Hunger Games Rocked!
Sam Still Loves Freddie. awh. good thing i actually only saw one episode where sam and freddie were a couple? lol
hey Be like that
absolutely. Don't make benefit the shot outta your articles!!
i wana go out tonight who wana be my date
we're gonna miss you! /;
Lamb fries.... Sheep balls. The key is you have to clip them way at the top....
Join Mayor Barrett in commemorating the 10th anniversary of 9/11. A remembrance ceremony will take place today at 4:45pm in Red Arrow Park.
Just trying to become a circuits champion, brb
starting with yourself-- you can reshape anyone! ~RTN
Cool!! I was wondering what you were going to do w/ that long QA!
That awkward moment when you're stalking someone's tweets for two hours & you realize you've been replying to/retweeting/faving them too...
RT : Theres nothing wrong wit wanting some1 it only makes it wrong when u loss urself
Not singing the Blues: #LAKings take a 2-0 lead over St. Louis in the
I hate when people say "awk". Like wtf, are you a moron?
You're prettierr (:
Anyone have a wheelchair or better still anyone wanna wheel me around? #Killer leg workout. Who needs 2 b able 2 walk anyway!
that's called a juice-fast
"Hawaiian Scrapple"! That's a great idea, we might have to plan a "business" trip to Maui for research
no problem haha :P
Follow and today for real music!
Ha, Chew cracy, main...
well, you too, but still not quite to the levels of others.
I just (secretly) want to be one of your ex-backing dancers. I copied moves
RT "The United States spends on health care alone what the 65 million people in France spend on everything." wapo.st/ryjPrc
hmm.. im feelin like the shit today.. time to listen to some dom kennedy. lol
But do you feel comfortable batting Jeff "Frickin" Keppinger 4th against the #Yankees???
Shout out to everybody smiling today! It feels so good doesn't it?
Otp w/ my bby .
My family made fun of me for having a selected Easter poet. Then they asked to borrow the book. Mm-hm.
critic i follow just tweeted earlier that he can't believe it because the script was really weak … not sure if its avail online
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss
Green Moms Wanted for August Influenster Programs! Unlock your badges now!!!
When she's faking exxtra hard like she isn't interested, yet steadily makes herself available.
That will be fun. Enjoy your visit with the parents.
Our intern empire is growing. RT : day 1 at bring on the initiation.
Debating if I should go to Pigeon Forge this weekend to see Family & go to DollyWood. Hmm....
How was the party in SheVegas?
I would feel the same way, so horrible to have to see the evil in the world at such a young age...makes me sad
Y does it feel hotter to me at night?? I am burning up!! Oh my God.
// #KobeBryant could have entered into a #mid marriage agreement, but I guess he found it a difficult subject w/his history.
I already voted 4 him. He's a winner in my eyes even if he doesn't get all the votes. They'll be many other wins 4 him :)
yo they still got that Godiva for 5 bucks
#MyPastRelationships made me who I am today
And whenever Hayden gets here!:)
Well crap now what do I do?
Welcome to the Badgers !
There's a difference between that kind of reasonable due diligence and blacking out the story for 25 minutes.
So excited to see HUNGER GAMES!!!
Thanks for the cheer!
hope everything is ok with your son...by the way, nice job on that Account at a Glance app. Very slick.
ohh. thought you were talking in airport code. Jealousy over. ;) /cc
He doesn't want more coverage. Just more attention. Like a 3-year-old. It was the Final Four, Coach!
LOVE IT.
Monday Night Football Tonight let's get it
My dentist doesn't give free toothbrushes anymore. Now there's a cavity in my medicine cabinet. He really gave me the brush off.
damn, guess not
Cool post! What is the significance of this chart and is there a link that I can go to?
I'm up running errands before work due to a very ill back at the apartment.
Well this is boring...
Pizza of the Day: ground beef, peppers, onions, and sausage. $11 plus free toasted ravioli if you mention this tweet.
Pete Thamel will be on the SVP show at 2:30 to explain the Nerlens situation!
Enigmatic actor Melissa George is a champion roller-skater, touring around the world and amassing awards, including national champion of AU.
Can I have a follow, Ari? :) I've been trying for so long but never got one from you. :[
THANKS! I guess I'm committed now...
going to start doing clan recruiting! if you want to join a sick ass, chill ass clan hit me up might also make a website for it :)
this case is massive! maybe it would keep me from destroying another phone though?
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Man, these allergies have been kicking my ass. The medication has been working but seems to dry out all the liquid I have in my body.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!!! OK, I want to know who out there is giving their MOM and/or DAD a special Valentine today?
Capitalization is a VERY important topic.
Ha! It's "Pearl" (White) with silver trim and tan leather seats for Vegas.
hope she is ok. Praying for her
Omg my moms having the funniest convo with vinnys dj.... LMFAOO!!
I need to shower so badly, but keep choosing naps over cleanliness. At least my newborn will not judge me. Thanks,
>>nah I don't remember that
Grrrr! Shows could be so much longer if it wasnt for commercials EVERY 5 MINUTES!!
on the #bizzydiet phase 2 will I still lose bodyfat&W8? Also the 21day phase1 forms a habit and stokes metabolic rate great
I'm getting excited for the Super Bowl. What's your go to snack? Mine is Acapulco Hots (Velveeta and herdez salsa. Go Packers!
Can't Wait To Talk To Him Later Though :) <33
#Cubs fans with Derrek Lee or Mark Prior jerseys: ignorant of your roster or just cheap? (also #Brewers fans with Hardy jerseys)
me too :) finally!
I feel like a jackass.
Eeeeeep i can finally do my cobra flying position perfect
If people could hear you for the next five seconds after a phone call ended, no one would have any friends.
templates provide good structure for finding data to use in the conversation that will deepen understanding
Woke up early to clean my room and now I am of to Manhattan to go to my Jazz class, it's been a while should be fun.
Tonight: Gaming, Coding, or Changing a Ceiling Fan. WHAT WILL THE FUTURE BRING?
i'll look at the guest list and see who's coming that area - i think i know some people you can tag along with
Four weeks until vacation! So excited :)
Sounds like you guys need Varejao.
That's how I roll. No, that's how I rauhl.
Cant wait to be a godmom.!
Even if I fall in love again with someone new, it could never be the way I loved you..<3
The Sonoran desert! And nature in general.
i don't wanna be anyone other than me
Now you're somebody that i used to know.
we should! :)
My voice sounds so manly today
Forget silencing the Lebron haters. He needs to hit a game clincher for his fans. We gotta explain how he missed two free throws tomorrow.
I about shat myself after last weeks.
Haha! I wish we could, but you're in Louisiana :( Tell your state you want safe access to medical marijuana now!
I'm gud now sexy lady!
It's time for the to get Rich a Twitter intern. All news from this morning's skate has already been broken by other media.
You will never hear a girl say, "I grew up wanting to f*** (this or that) DJ!"
#HowToBeAGoodMother #TT Y U NO APPEAR BEFORE CASEY ANTHONY MURDERED HER BABY??
I seriously have the best friends, I'm so grateful
when I go to kroger's with and everyone thinks I'm
Broke into the penny jar and bought a 22 inch LED monitor for my PC. What a difference!
Woke up in NJ this morning
Watched Serenity again last night....... Really great, but makes me miss Firefly.
HELL YEAH HOMIE GOOD LOOKING IM READY FOR THAT
Your body is a wonderland ;)
“: I live on Kentucky but I live in Kansas”
follow me on instagram. User name is MaeganMachine
Watching the game...
I Love my mom to death, but sometimes she pisses me the fuck off. her being handicapped for a lil while is annoying me.
// Delighted to see a fighter with #spirit, #mind, #body, alignment!
You're ahead of your time, foot! RT : Every part of me should be asleep.
actually, the Disco Night on Friday commences at 8pm, not 7pm.
I think I just emailed u a confusing message.Yes I can do lunch. Didn't know if u wanted to meet at 1:15/1:30?
Dudee I Have Enchanted Stuck In My Head !
You're welcome!
Just keep chippin' away at her and one day, well you just never know!
Oh lol yeah, you're right, there. They have similarities when it comes to that.
When did they come over? RT Finding #genealogy of my Irish family branch in Ireland very difficult.
Thank you! Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
If you rich and you marry a bitch get a prenup! Ha ha ha RT : rap ya dick up cuz ya dick will have da hiccups
Thanks! I think the other may be a bit short sighted. I can't find one thing I agree with.
Anyone know of a #5k in the #Cincinnati area toward the end of May, or soon after?
Got my schedule for #mlanet12 into Google Cal (had to use personal computer!). Now just have to make sure my poster gets printed in time...
Can't wait to go tonight to the game! is ready to put the cherry on top of his 3rd MVP. Thank you :)
Excuse me. Would you mind dancing like no one's watching someplace where I can't see you?
Words to live by... RT : In god we trust. Everyone else bring data.
I am shocked! Rhodrick just told me he doesn't plan to let us keep one of series one DVDs!!
Ray- Ban Livin...
Your iPod has an appetite, let us feed it. (Download our single "Let it Fall" from iTunes only $0.99!) Some people say it's a good song : )
Hanging out with George Saunders tonight, by which I mean going to a reception for and reading by him. We probably won't cuddle or anything.
to some degree, yes...fantasy is big at the moment and Americans love those kind of "out of their world" voices...
kinda mad I sold my copy a few years ago. That thing NEVER pops up.
Crying at the Paul Simon tribute in PBS
#OOMF knows I want her
Why do I exist? Because the Amish need a champion webmaster, and I plan to learn through osmosis.
it the wosrt i have ever had them
You're welcome, and I Would Appreciate it Also if you would re-follow me as well so I can Thank You.
See you all next Wednesday June 8th at Jovita's on S. 1st with The Lucky Tomblin Band. The show starts at 10 and there's no cover!
Eww My Boyfriend wants to make a Twitter -_- lmfaoo!
im surrrreeeee it was " accidental "
RT from Iran: DONT BE AFRAID if we stop now they will get EVERY single one of us! Pls attend rally
DETAILS on the fresh pair of nikes tour and the UNSIGNED ARTIST 2012 TOUR I'm added to as well comming soon.
It sucks that pregnancy is why I feel both so insanely ambitious and so effing exhausted today.
Dreams are the 1st step, my friend! DM me when it morphs into more & I'll connect you with the right people :)
Naw nicca I didn't! It's a bet, hell u ain't da only getting money!
Persons 25-54 was the most requested age demographic by video marketers overall
What a boring day at work
I think you have been hacked.
Haha why you tweet me back BITCH if you done? when i touch down in the sip don't let me see ya Homie!
Reading is fundamental. Remember that one? If only people actually did...
how do I get your fan mail address ? <3 6
I love Milwaukee so much. Today is one of those days that reinforces it even more.
having his own Block Party in Houston
DM that bro
is soo not motivated today. I need a vacation from my vacation.
Listening to Steve Blank at SXSW
OMG . You Guys , I Have A Stalker . Watch Her End Up On The News Tho . Lol I Know She OBSESSED .
Okay, I've tried. I don't like Lady Antebellum.
OMG i cant wait to watch "the last exsorcism" that movie look sickk
i would never doubt your guitar chops but can you sing like Gahl?!
all of the best our city has to offer!
whats the project?
Free Classified Ads!
Get ya punk ass up McGee! It ain't even wet over there!
bestie I'm so bored Wat to do
One day all my prayers and wishes will come true. One day my hopes will come through
I recommend it for you specifically.
Wait, what?
Looking for something chill to do tonight? & at Lestat's. 8:30ish. See you there!
So fridge broke overnight... What a great way to start the day!
I'm so glad tomorrows Friday.
Launch Event AFTER PARTY at Indulge tonight, 7:30-8:30pm $20 for 2 glasses of wine & apps!
My pleasure! :)
I haven't talked to in a day and a half... This is wierd
Haha its empty?
#18conf Kristen is sharing about PLAT with all the state CBCAP leads.
MS Stores would be better off not being next to Apple stores. You look at the window and see everyone across the street.
Huh? I didn't say you were outraged. I said M&M affected outrage. I try not to do outrage but yes, the pile-on PO'd me yesterday.
that would be lovely. I am so looking forward to finally meeting ! We'll be there with little guy.
Guess Vandy won't be making a DVD this year.
I guess it does help....I just feel like I'm on my own I that class.
no doubt man. do u record too? or jus battle?
lol good looks
Thanks for the recommendations!
"Don't worry about me, I got tiger blood" -Charlie Sheen
I'll look for it when I get home.
Man, it never ends with LeBron.
Cars band aid to the rescue.
Much as I love the work of noted literary historian Alan Dershowitz.
Penny slots is a great daycare provider!
me too. and everyone at NatGeo. gmail fail!
#FF Who tells it like it is and won't tolerate "in the closet" hypocrisy.
Do you have acar adventure story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the funniest story!
RT : Why do people add a 'S' to Heat? lol
#MyLifeWouldBeEasier if caramel was healthy.
kay night(:
#johnsutcliffe its embarrassing watching him
You have to use a GPS just to get to my house.
You were born original and unique for a reason don't live your whole life being a copy.
If a girl never smiles in any pictures its safe to assume her teeth are fucked up.
next you going to be calling your self
I am the acting dance coach this weekend. Will you be making the trip this year?
Old books sitting around? WELL TAKE THOSE TO! $$$
Google maps has already marked Osama Bin Laden's Hideout Compound. #whatdoesgoogleknow and
Q2: Are internships as advertised? Do they help get a foot in the door in an industry?
Somebody is having a birthday week! MikeM = balla.
Great! thanks for asking. how about yours? ♥
Me and need more pictures together. :)
Really enjoying #tnt mystery movies. A nice departure from serial shows while seeing familiar actors
i'd love to hear "So Many Girls" by
I'm your big fan you're great
locked in a closest somewhere
Good morning!
professor some of your articles from hootsuite are not displaying their links.
John Reaves, innovation practitioner (?) currently working on CareLab (long-term care)
Anyone else;s facebook not cooperating this morning?
city gear were we have deals!!!! akoo tees, yes TI, trufit yes LIl Waynes come in and get a deal
Thanks for the RT!
I'm pretty sure I'm the only woman out there who hates pedicures. Love the salon, though.
haha your mother sounds like a nice lady
Dear iPhone, Why is it when im half asleep you decide to ring on max volume right next to my head? Love, Your Victim
Best thing about New Year? Just 2 months til March- #baseball 2012!
dats what's up it's all legit?
- you gotta grind
Not quite sure what's up with the schedule unlocking--all settings appear to be correct.
Why did my Wordpress theme switch without telling me? Now I can't find the old one...
idk hah you should go to the Franklin pool tomorrow!
We don't want bcr always to be such a sausagefest but here it is. We need ideas to change it.
working on long tones on alto, much like meditation being aware of the start, the flow, my hands body and breath & the end of the note....
moved into new space.. it's huge! I can see the mall out my window now :^)
Comfotable of who I am & I'm not gonna change
The freelance life is crazy.
Watching "Grown Ups" on Encore. What happened to "Funny Sandler" because "Family Sandler" sucks.
mind ya goddamn business
We are training our newest intern at TBLC today... would you like to apply to intern at TBLC? Send a DM!
Please Mom, 5 more minutes...
Mis-cutting a print job after working so hard on it is one of the worst feelings... So glad I over-printed!
At first I thought you meant you weren't there...get it now...not on a team, organizing.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Austin! When they come through drop in say WASSSUUPP!
Those cute goodnight texts that give you butterflies >>>>>>>>
Are you coming to the networking phoenix event? We will be there!
WOW that's awesome
New jazz project in the works....
"The 3 great essentials to ACHIEVE ANYTHING WORTH WHILE are 1st HARD WORK, 2nd STICK-TO-ITIVENESS, 3rd COMMON SENSE." ~Thomas Edison #TGIF ☀
thank you, will search.
We are, thanks! Both have an early day and can't do after party this year.
Liar.  You do know.
John Mayall is the man!! So jealous you went to that show!! What shows are you doing this summer?
Do you know how to ride a motorcycle?
idk~ I'm thinkin about life and all it's characters right now. Shit is deeper than the ocean
One of these days I'm going to perform some sentiment analysis on your tweets! [+]
I agree with you statement..... not pleased..
Being on this bus makes me sick! /:
Still bold enough to try. I experienced the "open mic people" in my MFA to know it wasn't for me. To my detriment perhaps.
I say good chance. “: how much you wanna bet Paul Pierce comes back into this game at some point?”
Forever known as "The girl who doesn't know her presidents." Perfect.
Pray for Amy Winehouse's family... St. Sabina welcomes Richard Smallwood...Attend your place of worship on Sunday! Have a good night!
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear. Baruch Spinoza
OH: Awesome, there's no line to use the fax machine.
I look like a crazy ass hobo
I thought we wouldn't tell people about me and you being together! ;) <3
New guitar just got dropped off at my house.
Sicc of these played out San Diego bitches....
told me I'm influential about Tofu.
I'm heading down to the Evening of Poetry at the White House on Wed. See the Prez and Lady Obama. Should be a fun time.
RT : There's a blvd between getting everything you want & compromising your principles.
Lackey looks like he should be on a Garbage Pail Kid card.
you are so right. It seems they give the most and get the least back in return, and that includes respect. Now that is sad.
Hell yeah they will RT : Well....at least I know that OKC are gonna spank that ass in a sweep!
Hi everyone! Who is here?
much appreciated!! As soon as our t-shirts are available, I'll contact you to get your info.
I've read one chapter and I'm already terrified by the book club book, Good News Club by Katherine Stewart.
LMBOOO!!!!!! But look...what was that LAST name again, lol it wasn't JOHNSON or SMITH, or JACKSON...lol...yea, I stereotype
Nice! Well written. And not but not least he deserves it!
You say "Generation I" I say "Generation I Fucking Hate Old People"
Three of the four of us have you as our "Pick To Click" tonight. Make it happen brah!
ThMorUKno: There’s the Revelation of John AND The Secret Revelation of John (isbn 0-674-01903-2, Harvard University Press).
LOVE your picture too! What is this sexy YUMs profile day?
Will #apple announce a new #iphone at #wwdc?- You're going to be stuck with that obsolete one.
happy birthday luv
Hope is a dangerous thing
Absolutely enjoy your ballpark series of photos.
Holding the family and friends of Paul Creggar in prayer as the grieve. May mercy, grace and hope surround us all.
do you stalk the owl city tag on tumblr?
Right on all counts. National Dem. Party & POTUS could care less w/2012 election looming.
NFL Network ads for Golden Coral makes me hungry.
Samsung Galaxy S3 New Rumor Update: Home Button And 5-Column Modified UI Likely; What More?
Christmas cookie diet is over. Ate myself into a tummy ache. :(
It's Monday again. Help ease the pain of another week with cookies. Buy 1 dozen and get a 1/2 dozen for free.
Enduring the nth-gen video dub of FOUR NIGHTS for years, seeing and hearing the new print was absolutely stunning.
This is blasphemy on my TL!!
thnx for following follow for my unprofessional tweets
- Im leaning also!!
Happy Friday!
Now that is a good question
"Live life to the fullest" is kind of vague, as a different approach I prefer "Fully live your life" your destiny awaits you take action now
Failure to enforce this policy in every instance does not amount to a waiver of BeataSpeedingTicket
BA trying to hold back his excitement... But can't as Yuni defies all logic with his HR
Waiting to get advised #BoredaF -__-
Mitt Romney is right! I should take a risk, start a business and get it started with a $20,000 loan from my parents....
#ERedCarpet Diane lane....gorgeous...love her
YES-there's wine Local Underground Tent Party. 6 wines to sample & glass purchases.
my grandparents are shady. -__-
Just kidding. Cocaine is for losers and addicts.
I just ate the worst general tsos ever thanks szechaun express
Just saw a commercial for the chili's two for 20, who would even pay for that crap..you get what u pay for
Baseball analogy. Better to have at least 2 more pitches than being 1 & done. Always give yourself a #2 - all about an option!
how is that related to jail? : )
#tweetsafter12 finds that people who lebron, go to bed lonely
I don't think Virgin Airlines would allow that.
#PinkGirls in #NYC to celebrate the GREAT New programming
Today, we're in #Maine and #NewYork meeting loads of camps and laying the foundation for people to #impact lives this summer. Join us today.
I can vouch that did a phenomenal job at #amasummit discussing the #multipliers principles :-) Very inspiring!
w00t! RT : Congrats on your #HHAwards! Our own played Juliet in your great R&J!
Hi so great to learn about you! I plan to stop by your store for sure very soon. Would love to profile you on my blog, too!
Come experience shopping at its best! Shop Midwest- Including Live performance of several bands. 12 P.M. – 5 P.M. 7 P.M. RUNWAY SHOWS BEGIN
watching tv, you
thanks for your 2 cents today about exposure vs payment. It was worth far more. :-)
Beautiful day in #pittsburgh, if you like precipitation.
“: I really want a puppy.” we can get one for our dorms! Haha
Hate that isnt following me
Definitely talk to -- he's helping coordinate media for May 1
crammed n da hatch!..
I work better under the pressure that's why I pressure myself to be better.
If you win it's only because you practiced more than the other guy
Happy Easter. He is risen.
I know im gonna love it i have all of ur albums love u justin:)<3
#nwill2011 current ILS systems are built on an architecture that was developed 25 years ago.
yall can take that L for the nite
True enough. That's why I'm experimenting with Diigo this semester.
funny thing is, it isn't. I told my sister who's 23 and it happened when she was there too. -_-
MT : Best social media mgrs know & believe in your org + work with org to realize transformative power of social #prsadiconf"
No prob, you won't be a newbie much longer!
"One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar" Helen Keller
You gon' die.
On a positive note, got my quarterly #syrah shipment today: Alisos, Bien Nacido, & Edna Valley - fun times & reviews to come.
Oh I forgot, you're a polytheist. They're assholes. There ya go.
When that verdict comes in, you'd better not miss a beat. Don't want to be compared with Baez' opening.
Thank you for the shout out on Extraordinary Cakes! Hope you enjoy it.
Popcorn...the perfect ingredient at camp!! It's light, it's cheap and makes a lot! Here are some of our favorite's...
The sound of a fan at night >>
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked "I am over 18 years of age."
RT : 2012 #HHAwards winner for Outstanding Lead Actor, Resident Musical is...Euan Morton in 's Parade
Events this week: meet and greet with author Mary Kay Andrews this Saturday, March 10 at Tifton Library!
can't wait to watch NOVA tonight and see Genetics Team from and !!
#LSUUA The zebras are starting to get involved in the game. Meh.
........crickets.......yeah, I get it...id be fucking ashamed too
And it's over...Harford couldn't pull it off
For #Obama to make progress on #marriageequality he will need to influence his voters who are religious, a large block.
Thought it was bad being a Caps fan after last might, but Man City fans must want to blow their heads off right now.
I believe that all physical movies should be #Bluray - #DVD packs. All digital movies should be available on #Netflix instant.
Okay, sluts of twitter and tumblr: I can see putting an orange in your ass to take slutty pictures, but a pepper? Would that not burn?
Maybe I'll swim laps this morning! Who's working out today!! Who's investing in themselves! The only thing I need to factor in is a workout!
yo the struggle will be worth it later. now lets work on that collab! >:)
We're up on iTunes! Come check it out
your awesome son today....so nice and gorgeous!!!
Heat came to play early.
US House of Representatives shamefully passes #CISPA draconian anti-Internet freedom bill to spy on Americans #surveillance Obama must VETO!
I notice the main thing with kids today..they want to be adults so quickly. My generation relished our childhood. Being an adult sucks
love you callie. c:
I think it's lame when people get their kids names tatted on them then can't afford or don't have space to get their other kids.
We're trying out Ubuntu 12.04 with its sleek new interface today. It's great to see what the open source community can do!
When you mention #818 music...I better be on that list...
Oh , what a babe givin little ole' me some of his pizza😘💘
That one didn't do it for me... For some reason I thought the cherry, BB clashed.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
so proud of you finishing your first single in the studio today. You are amazing.
RT : He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali, boxer
" I dont wanna know! Never wanna know! Bummmbummmmbummm bum! " haha love this song <3
what are you getting done and I think I might like to go
RT : Less than 50 tickets left for at #TurnerHall next Fri. (2/24) don't miss their first show since 2005! ...
: If you could pay your state farm insurance bill via text message - would you do it?
hi how are u doing?
that's what the Mongoose said to the Cobra,,,
#BecauseOfMyEx we both learned grass isn't greener on other side it's just AstroTurf.
thanks heather!!!
The sky is looking super scary right now!! 😱
Thanks. I'm just thankful that my semester is officially over Monday @ 5, then study abroad for my last two classes!
The number of people I have seen get sick in and around the metro this evening now totals 5. Today is definitely opening day
#DrewGooden Going to work.
Those will make ur hubby feel better - they are so comfortable with who they are.
missing you too bruh. Wish I could be there with you guys!
LA = love/hate relationship! RT It's snowing in NY and 80 degrees in LA...hm maybe I should reconsider trying to move
hell yea man..hope ya grabbed some free music
Still worried about Jonathan Rhys Meyers. Where are you?
only one player I care about being called up and he won't be.. when's the announcement?
15% of the population is born gay. Why can't people accept it? They are humans and don't bother me what they do with their lives.
: Really enjoy my Wed mornings w/ ! Perfect for #yoga days! Even got a little which is very fresh!
Depends on what kinds of flavors you like and what you're willing to spend.
4 steps 2 thinking systemically - construct rich picture, frame situation, consider ethics, assess dynamics (Williams)
RT : Hard to figure out who has more contempt for America: Calderon or Obama
Serious question: If you walked into a store and saw an alien holding a bag of 12 butterflies would you play it cool or leave?
I was going to go back home on the bus today, but Gen left home early ;_;
only would drop his burger, pick it back up and eat it.
I going to listen to music till i fall sleep gn!
thx :) RT Love life and live fully. ~ #quote ♥
Have you gotten your FREE tix yet? There's no time like the present: goo.gl/Yy5SJ DO IT. #cnndialogues #ArabSpring #Atlanta 2/9/12
don't worry I'll marry you!! :-)
Time & place! RT : we needed to help explain the history behind Rockett's Landing.
So hates me 😔
was very nice to hear you mention my grandfather Bill Ballew at Prog. Forum last night. Loved your talk!
Can U.S. People vote too. if so i'm so in and if i can't i'd vote if i could.
I gotta support my local teams.
Well I gotta go to church but I'll think of more stuff when I get back. ✌
It was a hoot
#Pioneers go into half with a 27-22 lead over the #Jaguars. Stafford (DU) and Rubit (USA) lead all scorers with nine points apiece.
Spending by outside organizations in mid-terms tops $443 million. Details here: bit.ly/9c9Vd1
you are awesome Adam. Watching the voice right now. Big fan of the show;o)
Hiring #JAVA developers in Sunny South Florida. Who do you know? Will pay $500 cash referral fees!
Join us Oct. 25 or 26 for a No-Cost Educational Workshop on Financial Fitness. Learn to increase cash flow. Register- bit.ly/nbn7Oq
a tweeting virgin...here i go!!
Finally! Let the weekend begin. 09 Fevre Chablis makes it easy to forget that summer is way too close.
Friday, Friday....gotta get down
Asset-based community improvement. Take what you have and improve upon that. Don't dwell on negatives.
It's not necessarily that my apartment is messy, it's more that I wanted to make an obstacle course for my catz.
pssst he likes the peacock song!
Step away from the oatmeal cookies! They are going to attack your a@&!
so much
Next bout Sat. June 18, Doors @ 3pm. Riveters vs River City
ya man exactly that's when all my finals are Monday is my only off day!
U messin with the club this weekend coming
My first mothers day and I love it:)
Send me texts to brighten up my evenings too! They tend to get a little dark.
Whenever I say "I hate everyone" & then tell my friend, "accept you, of course." I lie. I hate you too
Thank you!
that would have been awesome!
Multifamily securities that are guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association have reached a milestone.
Finally made it to Windsor, now I need to get into my dorm
What do your kids like best about your #Hyundai?
Have fun at the tourney tomorrow GOkickballers. Be sure to enjoy the Brewsky's special afterwards-- free pizza for teams of 8!
No... no thank you. Do send them my regards...
Time to stop procrastinating and write this paper
I know how you feel I moved away from all my friends that I've known since kindergarden this past year but we are still close
i just gave tyler carter a high five
And it continues. I've got Lakers fans calling OKC soft. OKC being soft is maybe the most obscured thing I've ever heard
but certain shit you just dont do like sit around an damage you life an health slowly eventually the outcome gone be deadly
I swear I think teachers be tryna be funny when they give u a bad grade & put a + on it -__- like C+ D+ or F+ smh tryna sugar coat stuff
I got a DM from (: Hahah(: I think everyone gets those.!
we deff failed that 😉
what could that clown have done that early in the am?
we plan to close registration on May 21st
Love your feature in this month's Elle!
thanks for the follow. How r u tonight
filmin some1s vid this week and shooting one of my own....
Just spent an hour cleaning out my inbox. Unsubscribed from lots of lists.
Must have been a brave dude who first tried eating oysters.
I wonder if I can sell my XBOX HD-DVD player?
Pandora running Pro-Obama and Anti-Obama ads within the same hour is... well... annoying.
My movie moment was when I was a kid watching E.T. with my parents at the movie theater.Ahh great memories.
The Signs contingent descends upon Atlanta today! Come find us for AWESOME Signs bumper stickers and info about Stimpson Prize! #nwsa 2011
Not soon enough in our books!
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 89
I'm still horrible with the whole hashtag thing to begin with - current trending includes #InstantTurnOn -- umm... #breakingnews ? yikes...
I'm not trying to brag or anything but I have a six pack.. of crayons.
As long as Brodie Lee can get over w/ the crowd, he'll do fine.
*~just watched da talent show shit was gud n hilarious...~*
1st song "u got to cook and clean and wash everythang smile and grin and hand yo man a pen so he can write that check payin all of ur bills"
Welcome to LA!!!
Minnesota governor signs a bill to build a $975 million Vikings stadium which would likely open in 2016.
Its Friday
Is there an email address where I can send my contact number?
Had a great time at the Loyola Univ networking event today.
Retweet if your looking for a valentine!
I Mite...Depends If I Get There In Time
I #hate always going to the doctor -_-
Never had a Hot Pocket
Im bout to take a Roman holiday on all you bitches!!!!
Raisenettes and lollipops... Saw I got left.
Looking for anyone who has an extra 4' or larger whiteboard...
Hey y'all! Tomorrow night there's an awesome Dead Man's Carnival show & are the guest performers!!!!
Holding monthly peer group meetings is good way to combat issues @ work & share ideas while networking. Via Walt Hayer workshop
: Me, are joining friends this #Sunday for a souplantation/#Titanic3D date. Sounds like a perfect combo to me!
12 hr car ride to south carolina. ugh
THANKS SO MUCH! #MKE is awesome. Awesome just like your moves.
you and Jason both entering the contest?
In honor of 2/1/12 we are bringing back our "2112 Nachos" topped w/ spicy cheese, pepperoni, pepperoncinis, tomatoes, Gorgonzola, & chives!!
I'm planning some project photography trips and need to know when the trees will bloom in #San Antonio, #New Orleans,
#vegaswhore Got that right about Rachel, i was so glad when she got kicked out and now shes like a nightmare that wont go away
Is "my" nerd and I give her "my" nerd-word that she is "my" nerd<3
seems to me that #GooglePlus is the inverse of Twitter: in T, you choose who you send to, and in G+, you choose who you follow.
man it's a shame how I get so many looks and comments on one of my shitty days than some get there hole life TGIF (thank god I'm fly) GRIMM
That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on Facebook.
Stay away from plastic or paper plates or buy biodegradable check labels to ensure you're
I overthink way to much
The Fakers got whooped who it's not the Shoes money!!!!!
#blendsocial #blend11 From a recorded faculty video: Facebook is not a replacement for traditional LMS.
Chillin at wait to get lined up
Check out our expose on Nollywood being featured on tomorrow's edition of Africa Buzz!
It. Is. TOO GOOD DAMN I NEARLY BUST A WINDOW OUT OF MY CAR BANGIN TO IT ALL DAY!!!
Thought For the Day: "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." ~Thomas Edison
Projected growth in #VA revenues will have to be used to fill holes in retirement contributions and tapped rainy day find
thanks for the follow!! We have been eating there ever since college and always love the food!
Sad day for Canadians. Recovering from game last night.
Going to exercise the demons in my blog tonight. A lot of blame to go around, but some things to look forward to.
it is Facebook.com/zacyoung MySpace. MySpace.com/zacyoung.music
“: what, in your opinion, is the best Italian restaurant in Boston? Thanks ! I love Via Matta” great endorsement
Hi Rihanna.
Best of luck! I'll be crossing fingers & toes for you.
Keep Peyton and Sign Luck, makes sense
#BeacauseitsFriday, always follows 100 ppl and does shouties. So thankful that she does that for us<3 she's so amazing& sweet!
aww thank you so much i'm glad you enjoyed it.
Black Hawk Down
your welcome
i can tell you are by yo face in the mirror lookin ass
RT if you trust in GOD
Finished enrolling and got all my classes #winning don't know what I'm gonna do about that 8 am tho... Sorry :*
What is your biggest weakness in the game that could be improved this year?
Woke up and I'm more tired than ever! Screw this I'm taking a ponytail and no make up
glad Stewart is back better glove and couldn't possibly hit worse then Lopez right now
"How do I slow down?" <=holla at me.
RT : Check this video out about the Austin tech community and Epicom at InnoTech. thanks Epicom....
I feel like those roles are blurred in the space because companies themselves are still trying to define those roles but
What a gloomy day in central #Indiana... can't wait for some sun tomorrow!
44th anniversary of MLK assassination. I wonder what he would think of America today.
: "Whoever sold 'stand by me' to this movie was like, 'no one's gonna see it. I'll go ahead and make some money off of it'".
and thank you for the #SHOUTSBACK! , Itamar xD I never get tired of a friendly word ~~~~rich
Curious about your reference to webforms & google spreadsheets: is "webforms" generic or some specific system?
don't get Gangster on twitter its not going to look good on you snow white. But yea like I said brown is the color 4 u
Craving hot wings. Let's see what Woodside has to offer!
Park was pretty:)
Racks on racks on racks.
What is everyone doing to be active today before the weekend? We will R/T the best responses.
Congrats to my #Pisces twin good things happen to good people.
Regional Committees have planned activities in their cities! Get connected in D.C,New York, Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, L.A!
Cut them in half, toss with chopped garlic and EVOO. In over at 400 for 20 min or til tender...thats it
There's an email coming your way soon!
Looking forward to being in the crowd tonight for Game 2, vs. Go Blue and Gold!
Peyton who? Curtis Painter just had an efficient drive down the field to tie the game!
good!! Had a reunion with ppl from my old job...now i get to snuggle up wiff myboy...gonna cuddle up wiff him soon :)
Damn das true.
that sounds like my childhood exactly! I might be a few inches taller, but otherwise came out fine too :)
I'm going to go the Reno premier...lol
I wanna give you my all til there ain't shit left to give...
Seattle Seahawks are the new Oakland Raiders. A complete joke.
what a game, what a meaningless game! But we can win with the JV team! 15 and 1!
not this aunt! BUSTED!
There's nothing like a little Husker Du to start out your Monday morning.
is only the coolest person ever(:
Just found out there were outlets in the Pittsburgh area
Adding in another project, colorful candle holders made with stained glass tiles of course!
Exhausted- to bed i go....
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your posts.
Gm (: I'm up getting ready for 11 o'clocks service. I love hearing the word! Have a beautiful day tweeple(: !!!
sorry-nate's tweets aren't going through apparently! Unfortunately we don't know anyone to take the tix. :(
The truth is, I refuse to watch it. I can't get over my instinct that it's misogynistic and fauxgressive.
Wasn't Madonna's halftime show amazing!
Gotta say, that NYTimes slideshow on fashion-conscious college girls was a little disappointing.
HEY Why can't you just simply delete all tweets that have the phrase "someone is saying something really bad about you"?
hi :D
Thanks for the follow! I send your job listings to friends almost every day. Love your work!
On the MARC train headed to #2011cmc. Anyone else taking the Penn line this morning? Flashbacks to my commute before
Groovin to Motown with my dog.
Why are we watching rats have sex?
Proud owner of Mario Golf 64
haha yeah. Been like that almost my whole life. Haha
good luck!
Work...thats all im working
#singlesnightout "Hi my name is *your name* remember that, you'll be screaming it later.
Yeesh, typos, sorry, I meant "the same company who made them originally." These are beautiful pieces of craftsmanship.
At damiens house eating popcorn and watching movies. Waiting for chayce to get here so i can curl up in my boos lap and go to sleep. <3
Welcome, all new followers! We appreciate you!
Looked close but no slo-mo so I'll just bitch.
hey guys, settle down with Tebow. Lots of people don't give a fuck about him. Quit pandering. Thanks!
Wow. People change fast. Their nice one day than their complete different the next.
ah I can't wait... I'm not excited cuz I'm going.... I'm not :( but I'm excited cuz you go so far!!!! <33
Steaks for dinner tonight yummy.
Callback today for play "The Man in the Black Pajamas."
Because free agency will help those "analysts" Homer schools like Duke, KY, KS, NC. Transfer there for 1 yr, then off to NBA.
Ready to battle today, on the plate Wis Academy, Fox Valley Elite. Time to put it together.
throw a Verizon sticker over the logo...
blink 182 makes for great road trip tunes.
Steve Shaviro quotes William S. Burroughs letter to Allen Ginsberg: "Human is an adjective. To use it as a noun is deplorable."
You think them niggas you with is wit’ you? And I say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Playoffs is too unpredictable this year! Smh
Every time I look at pinterest, I leave wanting something chevron, avocado, or a dinner party to plan
Looking for makeup assistants send your info to
I just bought a ticket to go to Chile in July! I'm so super excited. Tell me things I should know
Happiness is... turning your bed spread back and finding your favorite serena and lily sheets.
that makes sense
....Happy-Healthy New Year to you too!
new updates at feat. go check em
Thanks Rhonda! :) Glad you're enjoying it!
Only thing I can think of when I hear Wade and Marquette is Paulding playing Wade out of the gym. Then being forever forgotten
Keep the change
My body is still on CST so his 7 is my WHY THE HELL ARE WE NOT DRINKING YET!?
Congrats on being a winner of the 2011 Mayor's Business Recognition Awards for outstanding community service!
Gorgeous!! Walking now.
hey LOUII GUESS WHAT GOT ME YESTERDAY? :D
It has been WAY too long since my last blog post. I need to change that ASAP!
yes please!!!
Um yeah...the Phillies are back
I wish it was for me :/.
i cant believe you just outted that already. real sick dude
may want Nash, but may have to settle for Nashty at this point
damn you know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch and wake up on the couch.
Putting together wines for 2 "A Vintage Affair" events and the "Crown Affair" next week. Charity begins in a wine glass.
Happy Mothers Day to all those mothers out there in the world
I say that having grown up in rural VA and then lived in Philly - would choose CLE over both.
Did you find what you were looking for on the site? We'll be doing some new giveaways soon, but hope you'll try them anyway!
Oh, season 1 Peggy Olsen hair. Unfortunate.
there was 1 fight but really the MPD was unable to handle the volume of retards loitering
Bummer. Sky9 has to go back to get fuel. So aerial #blago watch is over for now.
cleared for landing..
Everything you see isn't always what it appears to be
FREE Cooking Demo on Wed at Clifton,its featuring Virginia. Call 434 971 1800 for info and details
Don't forget to get your FREE copy of the Trends Report in Leadership in 30 min at Four Seasons 2/3. #astd2012. $135 value via
what are you up to today? (:
Midtown's Green Team pulled 56 plastic bags out of district trees today!
we can help with your website, social media, branding, mobile marketing, ANYTHING! have a website?
"embedded" model is good role for some librarians. Curating digital scholarship needs press, too.
Does Lebron wear those glasses b/c he thinks he's Superman/ Clark Kent?
but that would involve having an opinion on the Cavs.
Grab some lunch from Franktuary at our free concert with Good Night, States this Friday! 12:30pm, 5440 Penn Ave.
Good Q! Alternate to Wilson's pool brouhaha? cc: RT : #hdwoodson pool. Fabulous. twitpic.com/67k927
Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months
awe NO LIMIT!! ALL DAY IM BOUT IT BOUT IT!
Will do, Jack!
When the smoke clears in this furnace, I will still be standing and my clothes won't even smell like smoke. #coveredbyGod.com#
Wow...I thought you were mentioning me there for a second....
what's up!?
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
Lead Trumpet Gig in Caribbean! Starts early November. Contact us at www.MOneStudios.com
Rest in peace, Johnny Otis. Thanks for the great music.
did you have a roommate named Landon?
Who's keeping the "cajones" score, now? Erica?
you should have sushi and wine AFTER the nap!
they fightin like crazy
u gotta lol. I love nice things but I wrk for mine at the same time. Independent .. My man need be on the same level lol
I think I'm about to rewatch all the #fridaynightlights seasons.....
It's a home computer fixer-upper day today. Starting with creating a system restore disc and backing everything up.
The gods have smiled upon the Panda, Cude, Gold and eur/ypy behaved as per the trading plan.
Hijacked? Perfect, replied #theLabDC ;)
i doubt that , only if u using yo mouth lol
For the first time, I now have a red bellied woodpecker visiting my suet feeder! So, tell me why they don't have red bellies. ???
WOAH. uk.io9.com/5781931/a-beautiful-but-creepy-vision-of-the-smart-glass-future
Can't stop won't stop!
I had to dissect frogs today and someone spilled from juice all over the floor ): I almost puked.
In all seriousness, though, thanks for all the tweets. We're big fans.
Question... What are some of your favorite holiday flavors/cocktails?
I certainly think so.
I can't even remember.
nick- introducing me :)
A sight to witness: on the tambourine
Police probably think I'm drunk drive
Wow. Paul Simon made magic with Wynton Marsalis and the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra tonight.
KIAH TV, News 39 Float Wins First Place Award In The 2009 MLK Grande Parade-Houston..Visit Us Online @ www.mlkgrandeparade.org
‘Age and wisdom don't necessarily go together. Some people just become stupid with more authority.’ (Terry Pratchett)
olive doesn't want to be a silent ninja! :(
Just when I thought SIFF was ovr, The Best Of hits SIFF Cinema this weekend! Rats! So many I still wanna see. Solstice celebrations or SIFF?
or we could find a team for the 3 of you....yall's choice!
Living out of my car until 7 pm. Oh the joys of dorm checkout.
Did you attend #TEDMED? What were your favorite moments?
no problem
Last day of the Con, have tons o footage coming your way. Stay Tuned
i think he's gonna be terrible. Parker has to be funny. Tobey was the wrong choice too.
what a great team!
Will u guys be doing any auto commentary for the DVDs?? Would love to hear your opinions on scenes!
check your email and hit me up asap
I saw that The Lost Trailers are playing in El Paso on March 31st. Where are they playing? Ticket price? All ages?
I saw my friend's Riku deck Warp World 3 times in the same turn the other day. It was brutal. Esp. since his opponent didn't scoop
Just did a 4-hour training course in under 30 minutes because I didn't read the material and went straight to the exam, which I passed.
Hypothetical The Voice audition song of the night: I Drove All Night.
ladies your beautiful so stay beautiful<3
School days are so long, but weekends are so short!
cook those eggs in a tbsp olive oil for more healthy fats!
No glasses for K-rod!
Thank you God for this amazing day!!!!!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs Beyonce "Best thing I never had"
Seeing a raccoon in the tree... Starting at you, then climbing down and running towards the deck...
Me too. I'm in New York. But, people from the UK were writing "tomorrow" on Tumblr so I got confused.
someday ,when is the end of the world will maybe follow me.
I think the onset of early arthritis must prevent aging thugs from making gang signs with their hands.
I'm seeing it this weekend!
My couldn't read the #EmmyFYC DVDs that were inside Emmy magazine. :-/ Glad there are eps in the box.
Listened to Bel Biv Devoe discog on Spotify ranked by popularity and experienced rapid diminished returns over time
...or asked to go along. I can always turn down sh!tty tix, but, the sense of obligation to go with a friend is overwhelming...
I wish... got to hang on until the 20th when I head to NC for a southern thanksgiving extravaganza.
no. A dentist's office “: Sometimes Dubstep sounds like farting.”
IM GAY... THOUGHT ID LET YOU KNOW...
*super late response* haha but what don't you understand about the app?
Just picked up another show.. March 31st at Jc's American Pub! Btw, , did you know that it's Brian Jones' Birthday?
Taylor Green is getting his eighth major league start today, and his first at first base. He's played 23 pro games there, two in 2012.
To clarify, it doesn't matter how many followers you have if they're the right ones (target audience) cc:
I'll never follow my heart I would rather follow GOD cause your heart can be manipulative and deceptive
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn ;)
I miss you. <3
In the Newark airport. About to fly to St Pete. Downloaded Batman Begins. Good inflight entertainment.
Websites, tweets, blogs...there are an overwhelming number of ways to market yourself these days!!!
I call a verse RT “: And put me on it. RT : I fux with the new single....lemme remix it....”
Got my health, roof over my head, cars to drive, job to go to beautiful family to come home to clothes on my back food in my kitchen God is?
Anyone seen Caught in the Net at Dogwood Dell? Thinking of going tonight.
Alright, done with submissions, profile & resume updates and production notes. Now time for a cat nap :)
I'm worried there won't be any left for
you need to tweet more...
in the eyes of other peoples across the face of the Earth! Is that the idea which you want other nations and peoples to have about the USA?
great meeting you too! thanks for the love! don't forget to invite us to the grand opening!!!
: Thank you & you're welcome! Isn't it nice to have a blog that starts with 'A'? Always a winner in alphabetical order. ;)
3:45am and just wrapped a day of filming on "Mandie and the Cherokee Treasure" LONG DAY - Happy to have the business. Woohoo!
Obama hasn't done too much to bring Hispanics to his side mostly b/c economy is still faltering- Sergio Bustos
: It's a shame legacy publishers can't do free online & affordable in digital/print. Wait, does! :)
Smoothies make me cum.
#Shutup RT Fresh out the shower, bout to watch Cameron Diaz sexy as in "Bad Teacher" and get high high high!
Heads up. At some point today, three of Alan Hirsch's e-books will be free on all major platforms including The Faith of Leap.
welcome,) hope your good S.) J.A
Had amazing time at breakfast with at #DBC2012. Wonderful to be with and around great designers!
whats going down everyone, we're just promoting and gettn to know people,Caliburr Records
love you and JP, so cute. You two make me smile :) congrats!
honestly though..who is she? hahaha and im gonna miss nemi </3 x
I'm a LeBlanc too but I doubt we're related.
Have you hugged your local record store owner today? [ #ilm]
Waco, Texas on a day that the sun promises to overtake the clouds. 65 degrees.
nope. I dodged this one! Lol
Fidel will outlive us all.
I will post videos of me playing once i learn how to play good enough me and my sister will follow me people I love samantha so much! :D
Haters I remember all yall ...
< reporter for AJC would like to talk 2 atlanta folks who donated to end slavery. pls help spread the word.
Most intensive workout of my life.
xo “: Marty Thomas! I love his voice! So amazing! Missing you already :)”
I want to live in that dream.
Spotted the letters of the reclusive B. Traven at the
Fuck I'm up late
no I said niggas dont do that..re read ur shit snoot
selena fans can get frustrated in this photo :D
We want to know-- what are your favorite #flowers to use in arrangements?
Thank you for the great holiday party. Really had a great time and Met some great people.
Hummingbirds are back in Indiana... Time to get the feeders back out.
Wish I could see this in person. RT : We will be riding with the boulder tonight, live-tweeting all night long!
take it to the Wiese coast
Just general sub, not via an agent?
ANO OMG! I COULDNT BELIEVE IT, i didnt think he would, i just tweeted! :O!!! tc?
Sounds Great.
Off to get my post bday/half marathon massage. Please be quiet for the next 90mins.
I did have my iPhone w/ me, so it wasn't a total computer/web detox.
Finally getting to sleep 4real after almost 40 hours awake! Ttyl
Love this quote "Never be afraid to try, remember...Amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic." Author Unknown
would it score your total or against each other? good to know I'm in good company!
CEO Kathleen Feely "Data can show how we can save money and provide better services"
RT "When Groupon goes public, 100 of us can join together and get a discount on the IPO price, right?"
#Miami a 3 seed forced to travel to Spokane,WA for the first round? Idk how your girls are gonna fair
Support metal! Follow
I'm in my mom's pc and she hasn't got the new twitter. It feels so weird, but cool anyways!!
Freddy needs to take Pavano out for drinks and thank him after the game!
is everyone ready lol
OTTAWA, ON tomorrow @ MAVERICKS w/ LIGEIA!! Who's coming out?!
This guy driving in his car is drumming on his steering wheel with ACTUAL drumsticks. Did I mention he's driving?
damn I went to a festival with my dad when I wss real young. You kno of any in the cincinnati area? Or jacksonville NC??
have you looked at 's work on fakesters in MySpace? Good stuff.
l actually have a life.
If You're Happy and You Know It #InappropriateFuneralSongs -Hannah
Ahaha Dan Dan we should go together (:
Damn … she is going to become a victim of throttling!!
worst part? its an invite only show. friends and family of the band, so they knew what they were getting into here. dumbasses
So mad right now...
aw imisses you too ! sorry im #late you knw hw often iget on
So I drove by RHS today and thought of you... Actually, felt bad for you
Having a conversation about balls with lexis family ^.^ lmao
maybe both.
is your puppy a girl? How about MINAJ or Miranda July.
Also We are thankful of your support. Nobody is cooler than
#3WordsOfAdvice S the D
Nemesys live on the air with Mile High Underground! Live acoustic set!
To say thanks to our followers we r giving 50% off the rest of november. Take advantage of this great deal! 503 449 5164
. Thanks! Hope all is well with you. Hopefully our paths will cross again one of these days.
U was da original who was suppos to b by me
Hey Guys, thanks for the retweet! I was at the Stillwater Shanghai Bistro location though and not the Hudson one. Take Care!
AYE happy people
1st day on Windows 7. Actually impressed.
that's something I can agree with. :)
Whats love got to do got to do with it ? Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
lol what for that's not cute
as it is meant to be
It's not MW without TUs. Am I doing this right?
can you follow me :-) <3
its raining and i just realized i left my windows halfway down.
Don't bluff at me, I always win.
And the Award for best acceptance speech goes to....... THE FOO FIGHTERS
In orlando. Forgot mac charger, waiting for the mall to open so I can get one from the mac store
Are you getting out and shooting at night too?
heh, i interviewed for a few of those jobs...
chasing that 4.0 this semester =]
RT : RT : #Revit 2012 has native Point cloud support. Details hopefully to follow...
I love crafty business!
how old is he?? I hate to even mention it but "Benadryl"..that was a whisper i the wind yo heard ok>
Blessed passing and much love to Davy Jones. He was my first love @ age seven, I still listen to his songs today. Gone too soon I'm in grief
President seems to be echoing with his #Barnard address: 'Fight for your seat at the table.'
Nobody wants to answer the phone or txt me bck !!!
If your blacked out with your sac out, this is what you say
#SomberSongs Fall From the Watchtower
broiled? yes I'm learning about the fine art of 'broiling' in this strange land. We'd usually just say 'grilled'.
My body was not ready for this weekend. Hooooooo.
ANTHONY HAS AN EYEBROW PIERCING I ONLY JUST REALIZED THAT NOW CAUSE HIS PROFILE PICTURE WOW OMG<3 beautful.
you're too far, sweetheart
Note to self. men wear jeans to #babyshowers. I'm in dress pants.
Done! RT : Say #Cacao to Monday! It's #CacaoMonday - Whisper, Tweet, Shout or Sing Cacao at least once today!
Some people call me the space cowboy....
have't seen this i a while. Still can't get over the God line at 45 seconds. HAHAH just saw it again o
Longhorns getting man handled out there... Ready to see the tide roll over vandy
Today is National High Five Day! Who would you like to #highfive? A big high five to all of our UNM community!
RT : Aloha receiver Sheldon Prince out with left foot injury. Grant leads 37-27 entering 4th
i'm still alone
Bylines longer than paragraphs in the text = fail.
that's really how I'm feeling..
love you too bro, are you settled in at home ?!
I would totally let Jessica Biel blow me.
Thank you!! I can't wait to see you at
be in touch with Carol J. of the Philadelphia Orchestra. There is an opening at Curtis.
I got em crossed <3 hope things work out cus I want yuh to be happy like me
He has been DECENT this year, but awful for years. I have no faith in him.
I hope he's watching ur spot one.
New Relic, Splunk, Nagios.... monitoring/perf tools being discussed on Rails Apps at Scale panel.
yeah yeah we will see.
Please stop by the Sherman Oaks Farmers' Market this afternoon starting at 3 pm!
Anyone interested in going to the Inspire Women luncheon tomorrow in Houston? If so, message me!
two semesters after graduation!
So who said lebron was going to get a ring? Haha
chapter 2 will be up tomorrow :)
: Don't make do extra work! It's totally my fault! will have to be ok with it. He only lost 3 I think!
So much planned to accomplish this summer, so little time! What do you plan to do this summer?
first time watching #basketballwives and ain't no punk. found him a keeper.
Where the UMC and North Carolina fell short, Obama is spot-on. I guess the third time's the charm.
daughter, go,” she replied; 3and off she went. She came and gleaned in a field, behind the reapers; and, as luck would have it, #Torah 28/
no! I though you was at the movies. I will let you get back you movies
Okay now I'm playing a new game, we're calling "Bible Balderdash"
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Cameron Roberts ⁰Rising 8th ⁰North Charleton, SC ⁰Travel Team: Low Country Elite ⁰Small Forward 5’9
Happiness is just around the corner ✨
u guys r doing a great thing btw. A caring lad u are indeed.
I left my phone charger in my car....
I am well. Back on network radio (Yahoo!). Got lucky. When I was laid off they were looking. LOVE Houston, TX! How are you?
Finish Free Blacks Essay, CHECK Finish in class work homework, CHECK Now it is time for Monday Night RAW!
Double loyalty points all day! See you at dinner tonight!
Tickets sales are going fast!!! Get your tickets for tomorrow nights concert Welcome to America before its sold out!!
Having my number doesn't get you a step closer to my vagina.
So...uh...you wanna know who's coming to PXY Summer Jam? Find out 4/16 on ! Any guesses?
yall gardner Webb biitches want touch me yall couldnt even mention me u have to do iit in a indirect way
: Twitter did that thing where it randomly unfollowed a few people and you were one of them! :(
Who saw Groupon CEO Andrew Mason on this morning? Clout = a new form of tooth decay? Okay then...
Thanks Jess. RT : Hate playing favorites but 1881 might be my new fave beer. Seriously good beer.
Thanks for the RT We're moving to If you'd like to keep getting updates from us please follow our new account
I was just looking at Nicki minaj's Twitter the other day and then it Up and disappeared!!! Wtf!!!
I was supposed to to to the mall to day nut I didn't get to... o well
Ok trailblazers,I deserve this,JJ Hickson, wow.I would talk smack about they are so bad I will not go to the game.watchin on tv like a fool
still hard to believe he disclosed financial info as cfo of a public company. not smart.
Agreed, Cong staff too RT Women are 52% of the population. The need equal representation in Congress.
You ain't gotta like Kobe but you gone respect his game
tell them if they aren't happy don't keep voting for the same old people (city, state and fed)
Thanks for the RT & I add you to #FF :)
I'm tired wtf I almost said I'm tires uhggg
i am a big fan of 7th heaven
your choice is clear: all the way. Do it right, man.
...is this just fantasy...?
Good Luck Lady Cadets!!! Win State
It is petite. Like you.
is seriously the only thing in the whole universe that makes me truly happy, without him I don't know if I would even be here.
Fist pump push up chap stick! It's #JerzDay bitches!!!!
It's May Day in PDX, and your commute could be affected by demonstrators. Live coverage on Fox 12.
Don't forget Keith. He's been an offensive ghost.
Had a good time tonite in Seattle they were ready @ checkyourponytail@ pictureplane
The leader of the group noticed me. His eyes grew wide. The others turned. My finger rested on the trigger.
Corporate Paralegal:
That idea goes back to Shakespeare who made many words to fit his poetry, and these words are still used today.
i cnt wait!
Whats the point, it already passed! The Supremes decision will be the next big step to solidifying the law!!
I love my team
twitter must be really over loaded, i keep having to navigate away from it, and then come back
thank you a little late :-)
rbahlman@ welcome to twitter. Go Cats and Badgers this weekend!
First Saturday in 3 weeks its going to be beautiful tomorrow! Come see us Santa Teresa Kaiser in south San Jose 9am-2pm #ahi is ready!!!
I totally clicked it.
Agree! RT : doc well expect the same from you after ASTRO or similar meeting, and will want an ASCO update!
Getting ready for my trip to LA!!
I am indeed. You'd never know it from my "accent" which doesn't exist... expect for the word y'all. That's never going away.
Caffeine intoxication! Please let me sleep already@#!
Alex's CDs are in! Can't wait to see them!
Lotus project now has full working windscreen wipers - only took 7 hrs to modify & fit - even had the wiper motor working - Unbelievable
Online Information Session for Prospective Students. Wednesday, Sept. 28, 12am-1pm. RSVP to .
I'd rather live in his world, than live without him in mine.
watching Master Robson Moura vs. Jeff Glover. amazing match
...Why Delta can get away with anything: Biscoff.
“ “ that moment when you're reading old messages and you're thinking " where did we go wrong ..””
Hi!I'm glad you found me! I had been stalking Gary's twitter trying to find you. :)
Patriots game today retweet it u are a pats fan
Feels like summer:-) wonderful
. is doing art department duties- which is a fancy way of saying she's trying every possible combo to unlock an old suitcase.
Spend it on a toothache, grilling on my burfday. ;)
Knowledge is an antidote to fear.
oh thanks lol
I'm sad.. won't tweet me back.
The shake weight is my best friend
I want to commend Stadium Fred Meyer cashier Simona for going above & beyond call of duty. Where can I tell you more?
Interview blunders to avoid: if interviewed between 11AM and 2PM and your hosts don't feed you, do not ask what's for lunch. Look elsewhere.
Then don't have a Twitter..... That's what it's for....
#YouCantHaveSwagg if u live wit yo momma and yo daddy at the age of 25
yeah I love all the old Wizards stuff. haven't fully bought into the new brand. I'm always keeping my eyes peeled for old merch
Counting the minutes
now i follow u!!!!
There are some good ones in there. The Facebook Twitter switch at the end threw me.
I love you.
american is fallin behind an if ppl dnt get it togetha wit the education an jobs the usa will b a third world country mark my words
FYI, I always stalk your tweets. But can you imagine how white TG's legs are? Tragic.
I am starting a blog post as we speak. This proves more tempting than grading.
WHERE can you play bingo in #kc?
aww man i miss twitter <3
Oh, there was an election today.
Happy Friday #DragonflyRockstars!!!
Speaking of Tonka trucks.. there are some at @ the Hawthorne/CAT table. Give 'em a spin!
that sounds like one hell of a team.
Reason 5 to love the BBA, we think social media is an important asset to hear what the neighborhood is saying.
Glad to help; you really have a flair for naming things: love your Twitter name & the Data Liberation paper.li
Little known fact: If you uncheck all of your Facebook privacy settings, Mark Zuckerberg sends you a picture of him banging your mom.
you ever catch Studio Sixty on the Sunset Strip? Think it's only one season on Netflix. Totally like that.
Thanks Misha
you are so very welcome :)
We'll be looking at the details of President Obama's 2013 #budget today, especially related to education & research.
Started to read Eat.Pray.Love.
LOL @ crying to this song rn
well then Ben will be part of bachelor failed relationships.
Thanks for the mention!
Still can't get used to NBA announcers calling out "Meta Worldpeace"
Trans fats certainly existed then and these are generally agreed to be even more harmful
It is a big plus that there are pictures of them- what a pair!
we are done! after a great, sold-out run, lyric is waiting has closed. it was a wonderful, wonderful time
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
ITS GAME TIME BABY @ START. LETS GO BABY!!!!!
Nugs are tryna be slick and beat the bulls..
educate me please. what is good about it?
HoeLies #30: I'm over my ex.
We're on our way!
Andrew Young has produced work on Africa, Rwanda specifically and there is also a lot of unseen civil rights film
RT : ...that song is about racism against black men. To have it covered that way by a white man is unfortunate. Ick.
What is this emergency maintenance you speak of #Diablo3?
It's 'coz you're a midwesterner! We all go nuts for butternut squash!
Goodmorning Avery B.
Did you know the Baton Rouge Blues Foundation was throwing you a pre-Birthday Festival April 14? Downtown in Town Square @ NOON
it is so. 13 yrs can't complain. He left on his own terms.
RT : Making mistakes does not mean you're a failure. It just means you're trying and learning in life.
With the advent of increased data storage and bandwidth, it kind of renders the point of compressed music moot.
#creepycvsworker stop following me
Marilee Lindemann describes "Madwoman with a laptop" - check out the blog "Roxie's World." Is a blog just as valid as the monograph?
I think the whole "cowgirl" look is SO cute. Cowboy boots, daisy dukes, and a cute top 👍😍 I just wouldn't have anywhere to wear it at lol
Up and at it this morning. Lots to do before heading to the Yum this afternoon.
Agreed, I have def noticed that. Problematic because takes much longer than they needs to. Simple phone call is efficient!
