I will! I love you too. You better win your game(: ill be there to cheer you on, as always love!
Fuck this. I just want to sleep it off and wake up n get crunk for bens coming back gathering.
Former University of Maryland star. RT : Justin Maxwell has been designated for assignment by the Yankees.
The collective of customer experience become the "brand" for the connected customers
Answer: zero. Luckily did not lose much.
“: today was awesome (:” HELL YES.
WHAT'S GOOD BRUH
o.o bout what
the article gives me hope! lets draft a new leader and sign some great players around LaMarcus! im as excited as ever!
Very much looking forward to hosting the ReelWorld discussion on content and branding at Morning Show Boot Camp in 10.5hrs!
RT : Love is the hastening gravitation of spirit towards spirit, and body towards body, in the joy of creation. - D.H....
nope, they have a concert in virginia on the 24th.
1 rule, and 1 only: don't be an idiot.
stand and deliver!
I like this signing! He will bring that ruggedness and toughness we need
fair enough. Sorry to hear your dinner wasn't exactly what you wanted
No, good mornight! ;)
Birthday day in 2 days. Hay!!
i aint chasin after anybody anymore. you wanna leave i can show you the door
shut your hungry ass up
Vacuum Cleaners SUCK
: Please tell me you're back home :3
A few times. Skype'd with him last week. He called on Mother's Day.
I hope he can go !! *crosses fingers* pleasepleaseplease say yes D:
FREE Cupcakes!!! Just drop by DealShow today, we are giving away 150 cupcakes, just show us your registration on DealShow.com. Starts at 11!
What's that line from The Social Network? "The Internet's not written in pencil, it's written in ink."
finally doing twitter again?
ten miles, born to run, food... at www.susanefine.com
Missing #Downton...thank goodness for Austen! Watching #Senseandsensibility on
With Jacob for the evening!
searched polamalu /10 2011 and put in highest first
can't wait to see it! Is it online yet?
Testing, testing
Should I be offended that theres a championship football game called the cotton bowl
So much pain and heartache...and I can do nothing to help...nothing...at...all........
We all have that one friend that can't take a damn joke! -__-
Already a mentally hard day....... blah...
I'm even in Katzen! Ha!
This music is faux-key.
I can't wait til 2 weeks to move in to my new place 😁
I would like everyone to pray for my mom. She just went to the Hospital and needs a heart transplant. Darlene Thornal thank you xoxoxoxoxoxo
Apparently I can't put away the winter coat. Why is Winter trying to #occupyspring ?!?
Hop-on, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: HPNN) has moved to “Current Information Status” on Pink Sheets.
Oh god Masche D:
Gotta love the "no, I can't do it any other way" answer, when I damn well know there are other options.
Not sure if you're aware of this, but tomorrow is Friday... Plan accordingly.
Blake was open
Forming a 2 ukuleles U2 cover band named 2U.
“: Your body makes you sexy, your smile makes you pretty, But your personality is what makes you beautiful.”
thanks for the follow
only you can be you and I can be me
Celtics to damn old.
Shouldn't you retweet that on your OTHER account?!
We have the best yoga instructor ever!! Here at the Fairfield HealthPlex.
I still check my BSU email..
I can feel the change you made in me.
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone for the first time.
I need to know ya'lls schedule ! 2 C was^“ “: We need a work out session asap bro!” can I come too?!”
RSL are certainly good, but San Jose and Chris "He scores when he wants" Wondolowski have something to say about best in MLS.
Decently Funny #104 - Michael Ian Black is Back!
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.” – Bill Copeland
took over 121.5 highest finish in all for darts matches.
“: #kerrywood #hegone” like u had any respect for my cubs. Check that 95 draft for scumbags!
Just saw some dude throw a bag of garbage out of his car window! Disgusting!!
Last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary is Monday, April 25.
ha ha you'll get the hang of it ! If I can you can.
The #Cubs are smartly trading Garza at his peak value
I haven't seen this many Borat jokes in a while.
Workshop tonight in Imperial Beach. Looking forward to a great one tonight!
made my day today with "Last Friday Night." It's awesome to sing and dance in the car again.
loveed that episode but heck i love all the episodes!! :) come back to pittsburgh soon!! :)
hm I'm thinking there might be a chance for international collaboration with my friends who have a penpal club
31 years ago today, "the goal" was scored.
Ugh so bored.
Nothing like a pre-dawn calltime to get the juices flowin. Groovy. It's another gr8 day to inspire & b inspired!
b/c what little I know I'm unable to see how the shortfalls will be met short of gambling and hoping for the best
: Perhaps this is unassailable, but probably based on a better economy. So the Democrats are trying to fix it
at Ralphs trying to get healthy food...but I hate veggies so Im at a lost!
If you would persuade, you must appeal to interest rather than intellect. ~ Benjamin Franklin
NBA! #FanNight my dad said "nice glasses Webb like the look😃" DC13
I think I overdid it at the gym, can't get my car's parking brake off.
People miss you more when they see how happier you are without them.
you did it, so I did it too.
I need to hear sing misty. like Now!!!
omg please come to New York! I think i would die if i met u<3
The Novak discount double check
so it should ;)
#whosgonnalose - West Virginia v Florida State - FSU will lose
"Be content w/what u have..& rejoice in the way things r. When U realize there is nothing lacking..the whole world belongs to U. ~ Lao Tzu"
you guys is gonna make me rich. Thanks for your talent!!
I really enjoy the auditioning process...always new things to learn! Beauty and the Beast this morning!
No name needed lol
This is Shelby!!(: haha i love you(:!
these tweets are not directed at you... unless they are, then im sorry in advanced
A nice team win in Texas & a great performance by Mo Almond & Kenny Hayes with an injury-shortened bench! On to Austin Friday & Saturday...
Love when your teacher assigns things wrong and you get stuck doing extra work....dont you agree ?
The last time that my #NewYorkKnicks won a playoff game, I was in fourth grade and the World Trade Centers were still hovering the city.
I put in more work xD
Gaborik and Neil
don't worry i'll make sure they won't ruin the books' story when it become a tv series ;)
Thanks and
RT to - i tried paying my dentist & my mortgage with "exposure," but it didn't work. :)
Great to see you guys too! Looking forward to hearing about the "serious" anniversary dinner tomorrow. Hope it's delicious!
follow me io follow me how does that sound to you
Super epic moment when everyone in Applebee's breaks out in a backstreet boys song on karaoke night !!!
“: i think lewis is hot.”do you
RT : Arrived in SD ftom Oslo to speak at Assn conf, "Athletes & Philanthropy: Risks & Rewards."
Only days after I lamented LOVE STORY's fall from grace in the pop culture pantheon, Tim Burton and Johnny Depp made 2 joked about it in DS.
In a survey, 66% of lawyers reported that Facebook was the ""primary source"" of evidence in divorce proceedings. Cut it down!
Sweet. Don't have work until 1 so that works out great! I'll get a hold of you Thursday after work!
Management is doing things right, leadership is doing the right things. ~Peter Drucker
thanks for the love.
Get ready folks for the next Photo Voting Contest - $3,000 prize about new life experience with RCA Records artist Monica Coming Soon!
Happy 2012! Make 2012 a great year! Go after your dreams, make the world a better place to live....
This niggsjust dunked hard af....S/O denver
You think im weak , but i know im strong. If i wasnt strong would i be speaking my mind right now
Sometimes when the person you love never talks to you in a while .. it simply means that's when they need you the most
ur gonna take it
choice is good! thanks for the pic.... what did you get?
Got some drugs in me, feeling GREAT now....no germs keepinmg me down if I can help it
haha.. Should i post the other one?
also most structured news data that is used is from scheduled announcements. Unstructured and unscheduled is a different story
Not forgotten! When the website launches, that will be there as well. Word.
started this mystery and intrigue. I think we should hold him down and make him talk!
you look like a man...
Ricky, don't lose the plot
Why do boy have no emotions ???
thanks! I hope you are well.
Show tonight! only 5 bucks! We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project. come hang out and listen to some fun music.
omg: letter from 17yo John Romero to Jordan Mechner , 1985: "I, too, am a game programmer, albeit an unknown one."
I actually use which are custom molded to my ears. Now, I can not go back to headphones
Very proud of the Skins for playing so well so far.
have been in some crazy heavy a.m. Traffic, especially E St. But when it's lighter like last Monday it can be great.
Lol! That's awesome!!
I might need one of those "Hello Brooklyn" t-shirts, though…
great to see you, I know breath, hold, count to 4, and do this 4 times. I have told so many people that. You are wonderful!
Threw myself out of bed at 6:35a thinking I was late, only to realize it was Sunday.
Do you know the average shelf life of a social media link? 3 hours -
Only 9 more followers and we'll have our GIVEAWAY for an awesome PRIZE PACK full of our fav things to help stay healthy! RT!!!
#WordsINeedToHear I understand why you feel that way
Good Morning! The library will open at 6:30 am today. We will close at 9:45 pm tonight.
at tonight! So excited!
Wow, guess I've been MIA for a while. Hi!
snow in Paris!
"Happy Independence Day " don't eat too much ice cream :) ~~~~rich
#ff 4 people you should follow if you don't already:
Brady makes 16 consecutive completions and breaks joe Montana's record
The fact that so many functions of the support website still require IE to work really tells you all you need to know about Dell.
FTW!!!! drunk and idgaf. Red Solo Cup<3
please follow me :D 29
i agree. that one hurt me. reading what everyine thinks of this is hurting me. this was between me and tayy
aww laura- congrats girl...is it on amazon yet? :)
Not feeling guilty about sitting on my bed with headphones on and #joshgroban playing. So relaxing. Who knows what those kids are doing...
hope your audition is as wonderful as that pic
- Good luck ..when do playoffs start?
Project Management Software Project Insight Chosen by Plus One Health Management
they usually get worse in translation
Defiantly, anytime! :)
Looking forward to this weekend !RT : Really excited to participate in #farmtoplate as a Supporting Member and...
Bout to #instagram some pics I'm bored and can't sleep blah
We have an awesome ballet company here. Are you visiting?
true although the more recent record building apps on Twitter, facebook, and iOS is decidedly mixed. Why do you think?
OkC about to put in work!
Digging deep into the Edge Initiative's public access technology #benchmarks and finding libraries that rock each one.
yeah buddy
U guys r awesome n it was proven today well deserved i love u guys so munch #rushersrsoproud #Rusherpartyingworldwide?
what if it was an "amount of stuff in my driveway" makeover
Can I move to Oregon please ?!?! To my relative's house :(((
i hate myself for liking Kelly Clarkson's Stronger
Hm... Good question. I will research...
If you could only buy more than one! RT : I second that. “: i could do damage”
How "Out That Door" sounding like?
Big 8 Conference track and field championships: Sun Prairie wins the girls championship and Janesville Craig wins the boys championship
facebook, text and tweets - oh my!
I feel like Glenn Beck's idiotic ignorance is deliberately directed at perpetually pissing off liberals.
thank u fabulousness! Xo xo to all!
I'm sorry, but I'm kinda judging you for having bottled water for breakfast.
This will work as much as #UN Peacekeeping mission. Zombie outbreaks in the developing world.
Heading to the movies!!!
: "As Koha grew, with bigger librarie, the performance of Koha...well..." (re: needing faster indexing)
Who bought the deal for Founding Farmers?
Not quite... keep trying :)
We had such a great time Wedding Event last night! Loved meeting some talented vendors and awesome brides!
letting my fone charge up before i go
Is it along the lines of "one hand washes the other, understand"?
how is it I go through 23 years of life without allergies, and as soon as the flowers pop up I can't stop sneezing.
RT: OPM TILL IT'S OVER
#crrunconf I want to know more about how Grabill is defining writing...."explode" the traditional definition of writing
For our marriage.
BP: Behemoth Polluter
That milk cheese thing is giving us the heebie jeebies. A woman in SF breast fed until son 5 yrs old/husband liked the milk too-ug
thanks - and yes anyone 30 minutes quicker than me deserves a follow.
no bull
I'm speaking on mapping with #drupal at 11:15 in room 204
RT : *Q2. We LOVE our local small businesses! Which local boutiques are your favorite? cc
Who do I have to sleep with to get you to follow me?! (I hope it's you. GOD, I hope it's you...)
Did you find Winter while you were at it? Cause I think Winter lost its way and we need it to come on back.....
We've been trying to contact your office for a week with no luck. Can you please call me ASAP? 202-862-1432
Back to the crib I go...
Just got my first B 12 shot, we'll see how it goes.
of course not. Its handmade & should be cheap! / eyeroll
#BREWERS are pissin me off when they pitch to Alberta!
Hey Shotouts to followers!1 Get meh some new ones!
Saw a murder scene on the way home. Just heard gun shots
Holden Caulfield would hate me today.
When I met you my heart slipped a beat roses werent red violets werent blue all because I fell im love wit you folow me<3
stop frontin' you know that's your blog
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my boyfriend; I ♥ my family..things went great talked everything out cant wait til he gets home...
I mean it could be worse you could......
Alright! You convinced me... tis the season to ROCK! :o)
Haha.! Find Out What G.?!
Cnt sleep as always
Yeah, it's there every so often. Mostly Clarkson. It's bothersome, but infrequent enough.
Afternoon coffee is a must today!
Hey there, (carrielevin), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Seriously? Strangely (depressingly), I'm in the mood for fast food fried chicken. How did that happen?
It's Friday, I say we kickoff early
Forgetting to turn off your alarms on a day you don't have school <<< 😓
damn at least she could have cleaned the mess up behind her
Thanks for the tweet! Really looking forward to working with you! cc/
Want to win a Buy One Get One Free class for GIRLS NIGHT this Sat? What food item was "Baby" carrying as she walked into a party in DD?
Just posed 25 pt Live Play question in #SportingExplore: "Will complete hat trick?" Go answer!
Oh I get it~ GReaderPlay is a visual interface of itself. Actually works really well for navigating liked items.
I'm not saying he's going to win an MVP, but he'll definitely surprise some people. Including me. I was a huge hater
SO CLOSE to the next zoom! Keep those #RepeatReceipt tweets coming! Which gift card do you want to find?
that would be a hysterical HIMYM ep - great idea! could u imagine Barney? LOL
Screw you, ab-only, for creating so much misinformation around safer sex and contraception I have to spend hrs each day re-educating people.
Lakers are trash.
waiting for what bro?
It's getting awkward with him just running around screaming.
RT How great would it be to #win a #free pair of jeans? Tweet/ RT us & help us reach 10K followers for your chance to win!
had a great audition today for THE 22.
I think the guy destroyed his own life by being a dick...
“: Huge! Victor Martinez tears ACL. If surgery, no season!” $24/s1 in LOD for team Schtup. Catcher eligible?
Off to see Just a few thousand miles and some plane rides away...
Clear strikes out Christensen and Presley to open the bottom of 8th. Alvin Davis walks and Valle strikes out. One last shot! 4-1 Seattle.
that's great!!
Just got followed by CaliBoyCuttz23 ........ Now where my follWers at
Early detection of breast cancer, through monthly breast self-exam and yearly mammography after age 40, offers the best chance for survival
Once we start #unwellness you can drink all the soda you want
ok thank you so much.
Hello Spring! Good to see you again.
So far #eduiconf slideshows range from 6 slides to 274 slides. Both for approx 1 hour time slots.
Kramnick speaking now; form as a priori.
Well...I'm watching #idol for the first time this season...and after watching #TheVoice, I have to say....these guys suck!
o-u trouble lol (n my little kid voice lol)
God has a purpose for your Pain, a reason for your Struggles, and a reward for your Faithfulness! #DontGiveUp”
4 shared is just a piece of shit now. whats a good music sharing website?
Happy Birthday!!!! I miss you & always crack up at your tweets. Hope you have a wonderful bday! xxoo
Umm not all flowers! Lol Everything except Roses! Lolz #Weird I think at the moment it's just cause of the weather changing! :)
i feel like tanisha's cousin shouldnt be her maid of honor. i feel like she just a hater..
Happy Mothers Dayy....!
just saw the show for the first time. Probably my new favorite show. youre pretty easy on the eyes too.
we'll see who comes out on top
Welcome new followers: , , , , Like us on Facebook!
Flies. So many flies.
Follow me!
Excellent! The camerawork of was at play in that one...
I remember being a little outraged at the time...but, really, it was a pretty obvious plotline. I mean, Murray?? Of course.
What NCAA Tournament game are you most excited about today?
When I'm feeling down I listen to copious amounts of glee...
unbelievable :( Have already shared & just retweeted. Thanks for sending.
Hi Heidi, saw you were hosting a HH on Thur... Thank you for hosting it with us! Let us know if you need help getting word out
x thank you for the honors OT! Mr Patrick Duffy
me- were lost!!! parents- no we arn't!! 5 mi later me- were lost!!!! parents- no we anrn't me-......... parents- ok fine were lost!!
40 lucky people will be winning bags of groceries at the Taste of Home "Cooking Show" tickets are $10 at KUIK.com
Obsessively checking twitter because I know is about to bring it at #catdallas. Someone tweet me a pic please!
Icecream, linguine w/clamsauce, choc whippedcream(in tht order,) no bath, 2hrs of cartoons. I'm going to be an excellent mother. #sleepover!
Working out then hanging with and
Why are my coins red? - xD
yeah okay BTdubs we gotta hang on gchat soons
A very good way to close out 2010. Abyss, Homebrew, Snowshoe, Poopoo. Goodnight year of beer.
This is totally rad, Craighton. All the way around! Can't wait to get my brass set in the future!
i can do weekday drinks next weeks for sure! what day is good for you?
we are looking forward to tonight's rock show at Grotto's in Fort Worth, TX. Aw, yeah!
Things I wanna do this summer: go paintballing, go to San Marcos, and go to Hurricane Harbor!!!
#LMSunSIG 21 people in first session in rm 2. A number of folks also tweeting?
I love getting my nails done (((:
This thang on fire got em going crazy.
I love going though my favorites omg
#Eye technician pay rates... You must have internal salary ranges for all of your technician positions or you are going to over or under pay
Need to go to work, Mr. Mechanic Man!!! Please put the tires on my car now!!!
What is less cool, bumper stickers or or hipster license plates? Hard to say
Goin to bed #EARLY tonight, cant be up from 4-7 with class at 8am like today..
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?” ― Martin Luther King Jr.
The best use of life is to invest it in something which will out last life. —William James
I don’t suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it. - Unknown
#TVTalentTuesday Follow the talent on Twitter!
Thanks for pinning my Little Lazy critter, thankyouthankyou! :D
3 kids + 2 player Wii game =??
dangerous life changes I like it!
65 and sunny in Roanoke! Headed in to see my colleagues at VCCS New Horizons Conference today. Looking forward to seeing everyone.
Just saw a girl riding a Segway down Wisconsin going to class....fucking Marquette kids are nuts.
“One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.” – John Stuart Mill
Laughs at #LostIn3... That's me.
I love Google+ for conversations with teachers but haven't used it with students
We got this
Just killed at the Comedy Cellar's standby line.
bad as i wanna be
story of my life
But you don't care bc you havent called or texted to even check on me. 😒
Is that on his Geek?
The Most Beautiful line is ". . .but, I love you". the most hurtful Line is " I love you, but . . ."
or do Muslims not believe in education? I can't remember now.
Martin Luther King Jr. must looked at as a founding father of the New America.- Congressman John Lewis
So I just got my tickets to see at rechter theater. June 1st baby <3
Education = best way to cut crime. VA prisons cost $1,000,000,000/yr . We have NO BUSINESS cutting education funds. BOS meets today at 6
you deserved to win!!!! Again Derek, you were robbed!!!!
stay tuned - we're working on it!
Oh, I thought I was agreeing with you. Oh well, let's go red!
It's not a butthurt thing. It's a "I really want my team back" thing.
thank you! It means so much! <13
<---- Craving for some "pastelon" aka PR lasagna!!!
installing and upgrading digital AMRs in our cloud (over TCP, Modbus & DLMS) like crazy; Intelen's energy analytics portfolio over 8MWh/day
Enjoyed the #bgtravelshow this weekend. Looking forward to the #NYTTravelShow Mar 2
I'm making some changes to the website to make it more informative and user friendly. FYI
This feeling's like no other
I love the smoking type
Ugh should have slept and not play on iPod whatever least thing week only has 1 and a half days of school
omfg no one understands how much i hate my cousin..
FOLLOW BACK:) N DO ME FAVOR? TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC N FOLLOW THX
Checking out tonight at the Sports, Business, and Social Media panel along with
Anyone know how to view PSD and EPS meta data without opening the files?
"2011 is the year to do it" www.section179.org
Amazing how well those cartoons have held up, right? They're just solid gold!
sorry I missed the tweet! Get the pork shoulder!
It's music Monday!! Time to tweet about music only I like and that others could give two shits about
ith you and won’t need to be chased"
Beans and Barley on North. Or my house, whichever.
loving that tshirt!! :)
#Kiski School Basketball sweeps weekend with wins over Peddie School (NJ) and Hill School (PA). Kiski now has 20 wins this season!
lol! It's May 16, u got exactly 2 weeks & a day to enjoy that "Payday Loan"..
Im so high I just wanna touch the sky!!!!!!!!!!
With win at Utah, #GoSpursGo have perfect rodeo road trip (7-0) and NBA's longest win streak of the season, now at 11.
virtual drinks on us ;) proud of you guys!
Great response to the recent podcasts! You'll also in TWO sketches in the upcoming Man Up show. Tell all yer BIG friends!
Are you in Yiwu to have your line manufactured?
I'm now following Just did my part to make your dream come true.
Nevada heat is a BITCH!
Good to know! Thanks. Won't be the first weekend, either - we are at the Mt Vernon Wine Festival. 10/20 is the likely date.
Its Friday, the end of the work week. Have a great weekend RBB followers. Stay safe. Thanks for all the support. God $peed
#duckface.....I don't get it?!?! What's with people trying to look stupid....on purpose!
When I'm not holding da block!....I'm gardening.
Probably should've washed clothes sooner than the night before the trip. Tsk Tsk
Drop in tonight for 2 for 1 glasses of wine via and enjoy a front row seat to our Roasting and Grilling Class!
running outta time, where is my runaway love?
Man, no hail and lightning down there? Its like 10 miles away!
Life is beautiful in its simplest form. Respect your body, respect your health. u only live once, but its not worth dying suffering...
any plans for offline mode and a subway commute playlist?
RT A Penn State student passed away this week. Her dream was to trend on twitter, help make it true RT
my summer look is downsyndrome n clogs.
The angriest-person-watching-sports award goes to , who I'm editing with while the games on. Angriest Knicks fan ever.
I honestly can't remember at this moment who ran against obamma in 2010.
thanks bailey!
you're welcome!
While other organizations just talk about it, I want to congratulate the #NFLPA and it's leadership for walking the walk.
could've told you how that story ends.
KANSAS CITY ON FRIDAY I Get To OPEN UP FOR
LOOK AT US NOW OH! WE ALMOST #FAMOUS! -SK <3
Motivation to get up from the greatest nap ever = none.
very true. I don't even know rap anymore. My iPod is filled w/ nas, jay, btnh, mobb deep, wu. Rap was good then
needs to text me like now
Xoco. It's 's joint off Clark St. RT : what's your best lunch spot in Chicago, no reservations
Strong sexy performance from Katy Perry
Got Eli to nap and made breakfast for me and adri. Super dad to the rescue. Wish I had Bacon tho lol
It's so hot outside
Chocolate coconut water, where have you been all my life?
The NFL joins the TSR JOB BLITZ movement :). Look @ these new opportunities. Get a FREE Review b4 applying:
Clearly Lakers will be going against
Pictures generation, prune and momofuku milk
where did you get the love sac at?
how yu been?.
Excited! working on the Razza shoe collection for men and women
Word! as usual I'm gonna go workout again~>#NoRoids take care of yourself and enjoy ur weekend, babe~>
That's cool. I know someone who just got hit with trademark infringement from Norwood Promotional Products who own the mark.
That was anything but pretty, but go #Jayhawks!!!!
Damn! I'm sleepy but I can't go to sleep
Bars play the worst fucking music at happy hour they should just turn the tv on & save me frustration, headache and sanity
MUST★★Follow
Yo Kudos to Doug Collins I dont think he's seen round 2 since MJ
bite yr tongue :)
New link for the tune "Space Trackin'". Leave your comments! Enjoy!
Looks like a lot of people had trouble sleeping last night. Enter this code for 50% off: "MondayNightZzzs" Happy Monday!
I make damn good waffles. For the record.
follow back fam
Thurs night, Aug 11 - DO NOT MISS: Dopapod & Pharaoh Loosey at The Mad Frog! Get weird and funky with two of the best around!
Thank You Lord WOO WOO WOO!!!
Apple TV may be great, but likely tied to iTunes in a significant way. Roku is an open platform.
I have heard great things about the movie project x. I must see this.
Hope everyone is ready for my show on Monday. 8pm Cid in Silverlake. This place is awesome. You will have a really fun time.
Going to the Idaho statehouse to stare down Republican senators who didn't even fwd LGBT equality bill to the floor. 4th flr, 11 a.m.
we ran our senior piece five more times after everyone left. My knees are bleeding..
It's getting to the point where I'm having wet dreams about heat stroke now.
American Bandstand & Soul Train (ok...and School of Rock) *rolling eyes*...made my Saturdays as a little girl. Very sad day.
just the chorus
Snow fallin on the streets of manhattan... Must be
Started it out last night w/ DeLeon Añejo #Tequila. Holy guacamole! What r u having? RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo 2012. Cheers!
Margarita date with at our usual spot
Seeing some of my favorite breweries winning big at World Beer Cup. Hats off to and Rocky Mtn Brewing!
i just wanna fly, put your arms around me babby
definitely brotha! We're getting famous this summer
RT : RT : what people feel in their heart has a direct influence on their performance.
This. Cannot. Be. Happening.
Watching the documentary called #Happy ,,, And I am. This is the coolest thing I've seen and I wish for you to watch it.
He just said he's coming to my house right now to drop off my cookie doug..
The day after black Friday is quiet#
Gym mode bitch
go to club Skyline and meet Jeremih and get your pic taken by me!
Did Facebook cut back the amount of characters they allow in the body of a Facebook ad?
yes they are and they play so well together!
Sometimes I get the feeling the aspirin companies are sponsoring my headaches. ~Terri Guillemets
Almost every Fri night Larry eats at the Palm in West Hollywood. He's starting to lose it. Retirement hasn't been good to him
Awww RT : I just played peek-a-boo with a little boy in the car next to mine.
Nothing like an early morning cab ride with Christian soft rock turned up to eleven.
Trying for the first time today!! Let's see what this guy is talking about
LOL mom and I singing to Adele in the car
god damn
This might be an interesting way to combat to the defunding of libraries across the country
Death Cup by LMTF is such a good and relevant song omg.
PBR tall boys and man bags are taking over my corner! Ah!
#MakeUpArtist Available NOW! EyeBrows too! 1738 Telegraph #Oakland 5108321100
Didn't tweet yesterday cause I was busy all day (video shoot at my internship, got new tires, worked on my paper). Got the paper done! :)
Although the bluetooth could provide a convenient ruse: "I'm talking to someone. Honest!"
Find more ideas to make your man's Valentine's Day wonderful
I'm sleepy, so
Follow and reply to w/a message that includes #MerchMonday w/in 2hrs 2 win a Motley Crue lithograph!
BTW great article in April issue of #Artforum about "Art After Nature"
I'm saying this now... The browns are trading down... I really hope they don't... I just have a feeling they will....
Watching CNN. Huge news- all 5 captains to share stage at #startrek convention & #KurtCobain single may get release. This is worthy of CNN?
Having LOTS of trouble with Keep flagging HITS as violating their TOS when they dont. Auto replies is only response???
Strike 3 your out!
"Are you a dog?" "No..." "So why you barking up the wrong tree bro?!"
Whenever I say "Nothin' doin'" I always think of Probably forever.
Somebody I used to know >>>
true but wouldn't it be nice for them to come just to support education since many of our workplaces support them. JMHO
what's kevins #
Happy Valentines to you and Howard yes Bianca too
He just uses racial slurs in general and claims they aren't intended to be racist insults, just angry words.
At Juice Plus Conf. Dynamite nutrition! ...more importantly...My 1st cup of coffee in a long time. Crappy coffee...Beautiful! ;)
Who puts Deshequan the cuttie 54 on FB? Like...1. This isn't freaking myspace, and 2. ..are you really that ghetto?
Love that place!
oh OK! Enjoyed your presentation! Good luck finding a great developer!
Back to the future trilogy DVD set
I think it's really scary that sometimes I just zone out when I'm driving and don't realize it until I'm pulling into my driveway.
I MUST STOP PROCRASTINATING!!!!!!
Dropping off taxes at the Midway post office? Stop by and join Lori's Tax Day rally in support of the middle class, financial transparency.
At the Apple store in Charlotte. Imagine support for free from an Apple Genius. There must be 100 people all smiles no frowns. Drink the ko…
girl you're going to OSU??
Snow=beer tasting better. We've even got Sierra Nevada Celebration ale at $4.50 for the occasion plus a lot of hot, delicious food.
basking in gaga afterglow... Thanks <3
Getting ready for school..wbu?
OCLC is launching a service to track and display data about the copyright disposition of books. Excellent!
This FA cup final is awesome.
Where's that?
“: Hmm. Twitter says I'm similar to Maybe 'cause I write about them a lot?” That or you like to talk a lotta Smack!
But yet so cute. quit hating .
Apple filed a patent application for the iPhone that hints they may do away with the bezel around the screen
what does trippy mean??
Its pretty sad when the only guy with sense in this is the guy thats high.le sigh~
I know, and I struggled w/what to do about it. Didn't want to edit it out so I could talk about it, but. Thoughts?
It's #mustacheawareness month :{ if you have a mustache send me a pic! Go
In Stockholm, looking forward to IE / MSR eScience conference / workshop(s). As usual schedule is packed!
Step 1: read comments on FOX site Step 2: give up on human kind for a few hours
Havana Nights happy hour at area 31 is on!
Another short work day! Hallelujah 🙏
#kids Preeclampsia Foundation Promise Walk at Farmers Branch Parks and Recreation - Gussie Field Watterworth Park, Sun, May 20 12:00p:...
where is this drunk girl? Just tell her to drink more booze
Yah, I just followed you.. and this is crazy.. so here's my tweet, so FOLLOW ME MAYBE? ;)
RT : Finally back home with new baby girl. So much going on, billion miles per hour.. and I even haven't had a glass of wine
It could be the point. After 20 yrs studying ancient Greek, you want to know how that shit /sounded/
lol I know
So should I not do anything and then get high, or get high and then not do anything?
Not gonna lie. The Avengers was absolutely fooking amazing!!!
Moxie Joe
Launching in Broward and North Carolina!
Busy day for me!
Thanks baby brother RT happy birthday sis hope it's the best
possibly the best bot on twitter involving some asshole named frank
nor does the US allow same sex marriage as many other countries allow!
Do they explain the risks of pre diabetes?
Congrats on seven years ! I miss my internship days with you guys.
Oh my god. I missed the Alvarez RBI double.
Cant wait for the new season of My Fair Wedding with David Tutera! I LOVE your visions!
Don't forget about the 24-Hour lounge in M.D. Anderson. Use your cougar card to swipe in after hours.
Can't wait for you to watch my terrible 10 min drawing tomorrow.
He was "The Golden Child" though. I agree.
Hi Alexis, the One Direction tab is on our fb page. Good luck!
Cleaning house in a knee-length skirt and short-sleeve sweater...better turn on some rock&roll before I turn into June Cleaver!
-- Good question. On our previous site, the email link was the least used option. Do you think we need to add it back?
Aubrey Crowned is the name of Cody & Jake's clothing line! :)
Mfz kno how to really piss a nigga off n they wonder y I blow strong
can you like, marry me already?
Chicago.. What a sports city .... Not
Looking forward to it!
But than you would be recognized for your courageous act of coming into the pool! Harry'll save you too ;)
the usher in my aisle was a total buzzkill. post facto cat tweets will have to suffice.
you're probably just a really nice person! :D
:) I have a nice mix of happy and unhappy weather peeps! I just aim to inform to wear wool or cotton
I'm sorry you feel that way. Our boys/girls novelty kit categories are 15 total items out of the 1000s we carry (cont'd)
In koreatown looking at herb cookers for a friend
Listening to "Debaser" by Because ending this fucking day with Frank Black primal screaming just WORKS.
Say, we hear there was DRAG at Houston's #bowl12. Any pictures to share with the masses?
haha you know it. Good to see you again bro
Tonights shark week is intense black dec. Is crazy
Talk to me?
hahaha except you guys of course!
awesome!! I hope you guys enjoyed it!
We can't wait either! RT : Thank you for an amazing girls weekend! I cannot wait to come back!
Are you guys in boss limbo again?
Yes, and the people who write gadget blogs are technically illiterate buzzword monkeys.
awe...thanx girl. that means a lot. :)
"Pineapples for the Ethical Treatment of Answers"
great seeing you at the #OSDBU conference
good win for your team.. congrats!!
I guess you don't care..
Note to self: Before I die find a guy worth my time.
I just watched a video that's probably going to haunt me for awhile. I don't even know what I watched, very disturbing.
FRIEND ZONE - (Your Favorite Martian music video)
Awwwhh. I hope Feel better soon... Actually i hope you feel better now. (:
The election turned out great. The presence of greens & independents should ensure the majors keep a muzzle on their crazier elements.
When trying to describe dreams, it never comes out as cool as it really was.
itz going downz bro. hit my blunt
not a good time to go cold Denver
stop down and ask for Rick and I'll show you what Baltimore eats for lunch when they want real good food on me
you're very welcome. I like giving shout-outs to the books that so many people love. It's what Ebook Review Central does!
or 2013 A-10 Tournament. You know what I meant, jerks.
I do that at 12:34
When the community shower at the trailer park broke
:) he will ,i hope he does... Omg dat would make me happy,thanks mahomie:) Mahomie4Life
No surgery! I found our brand of Fish Oil years ago, love it so much started selling it! Just found out great for meniscus!
I've read 18 books so far this year and it's only 5 months in:)
I hate it when I misspell shit. Fuck everything.
handed in first draft of my thesis and now i feel decidedly unwound...
yup. Buy away!
Im not feeling her today <<
You should follow
Killing it at jeopardy!
i love me some joe dirt
announcements are coming up dangerously soon. In true Steve Jobs fashion we say, 'Here's to all you dreamers!'
RT : We had an awesome day-long meeting for telecom workers at the Labor Notes conference on May 4. (Picture by Jim West)...
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST: 61F OVERCAST
I'm sitting here with my cuzin and she is like 11 and she is tweeting along side me ... Might have to watch what I saw now!!!
Kuechly, Kirkpatrick, Doug Martin or trade down
So I promised it, your getting it, Im beginning filming the #fuckinstoners quote skit tomorrow and probably some of the weekend. Stay tuned!
Don't justify your disobedience to God's Word by appealing to the abuse of God's Word by others. (Sam Storms)
Welcome new fans Roberto, Derek, Elizabeth and Sara!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
RT I am on iphone
using your mcclusky time wisely, I see.
Anything is possible in this friendly Universe.
Hello! My name is Robelys Santana currently I am a college Student, and Im a Business student. And I am a Doer! =) <3
And by ' girls' I mean me
The interwebs would be so much more interesting if 8yr olds would write blogs.
"Smooth Operator" was a hit singing at Morgans in La Quinta Resort & Club last night!
Welcome to Twitter!!!
Love that my 12 year old brother knows the lyrics to HYFR.
she is absolutely stunning as is. there was definitely no need for her to be digitally slimmed down!!
let's make them pay a toll when they cross the county line, and downtown.
If you have never seen the GoGo's in concert... Do it!!!! AMAZING!!
I vote for peanut butter banana!
Prayers for my friends Mom
Thanks for following!
Remind me again. Why does hair grow in armpits? (not in the mood to ponder life, love, death, taxes, or cancer.) Arizona desert: I need you!
The 2.5 hours I spent at the #dmv earlier made this day feel incredibly long!
Having lunch with my new friends & next week! Looking forward...
I hear u.....we on this weekend I know u getting it in wit ya boi
We're playing at Frankie & George's in SqHill tonight, just because...we'll be trying out some new songs Tomorrow w/ The Hang Lows
Setting up a casting call for the SPARKS trailer....
Seriously. If the construction was better I would have gotten it. :-/
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas....in the office! Photos to follow!
I swear the shit I say is way better than Dr. Phil & Montell someone get Oprah on the phone & tell her I'm on my way!
what kinda musik u like girl?
Howdy, ol' pal.
haha that's too funny! Who was it?
you MUST be in the twin cities if there are Kum and Go gas stations... yep, only in the midwest. soo naive.. :)
can u give me sharpie sleeves and neck
and he is just that. what about when ppl say a woman cant teach a boy to be a man n a man cant teach a girl to be a woman?
I would imagine its mostly
What are you waiting for?
every Sunday night i get a little stressed out. i fall for it every time.
Do not stress!
Alan jackson's music videos just make me want my truck and license so much more.
.. and yet I still giggle at "Shake Weight" commercials..
God's rain is cleansing and healing. Dance in it, love it, embrace it! It's an awesome feeling! ~FB Fanpage TIGGERS HEART AND SOUL TO GLOW
where is that? i soo wanna go. I heard the 97x backyard bbq concerts are rad!
yep, right before the sea pines traffic circle.
Watching Paul Mooney... Freaking hilarious!
RT : If the ability to make skin crawl could be harnessed electrically, Rush Limbaugh could power a city the size of Milwaukee.
Today has been a rough one. So many things are on ME to get done. Cuz If I dont make it happen it wont.
"Fruit Bomb" is now available @ WineStyles in Frankfort. Stop in and grab a bottle or 2!
Dear , Thank you for exposing for the idiot he is & standing up for people like me. I appreciate it, a lot .
MT : I believe everyone else should have the right to choose a future of petty arguments and rolling eyes
Driving down Wilshire to work today was a lot like playing Frogger against frantic parents.
We will be attending the NBA Jam Session this Saturday! Yeeeeeee!!
I love penny stocks...So I think " LUSI.OB " will hit the top WOOHOO.
shouts out to the dopes producer in the yay area!!!
rough game today, time to unwind.
I saw a ware wolf drinking a piña colada at trader Vic's. His hair was perfect.
Hahah nah too expensive. Ryan went though, I'm sure he'll agree Kevin James was hilarious.
I have a hankering for pudding wine and meat water...
Thanks, sir!
it was cool to get to talk to you and everyone last night. You're all so down to Earth! :)
I will be on KEYE tomorrow promoting my coat collection! Make sure to tune in. I will be on between 4p-5 m!
Fed up of people being pissed off with me and not telling me. Grow some balls and just tell me what I've done.
Hi Riley!! Thanks for the follow! Happy Saturday! :)
Need to invent a sweat band for the ass crack RT : Butt sweat
you wanna lock it in for me? ;)
Karen, did you order color Daughter & not receive yet? (We are mortified at the possibility.) Or did you order b/w edition?
Sometimes I forget that I have cable and can watching mindless TV on Cartoon Network until the wee hours of the morning. <3
Goodnight everyone 
Best of Ohio's episode on Microbreweries is on demand ch 411...Looking good!
Sweet pool. Are you going to josh groban.
Was there and had a debate with a colleague. Who had the faster 40...you or Fenelus?
booty, booty , booty! Very nice ladies!
yeah yeah, i love you too.
Last day of business camp. We'll be starting our biz plan competition in 20 mins
My Desperate Housewives addiction can't be healthy. The only question I have is why did I ever stop watching this show?
Dear Hayley, I HAVE A SISTER/FRIEND WHO HAS YOUR NAME(: you read my fanfic too right? We should talk more.(: Love, Tatsiana
really Mary Pat wants to add another vacant to the city rolls. The city already has too many!
Excited to kick off our new non-profit series, #changetheworldwednesdays with on 4/4 in #shirlington at 7pm!
Holy crap! You're right!
...dude..that looks like a fun show up there at the Hullaballoo! Have fun! sell lots!
because he...I mean they got....I got nothing...Billick has not clue what a QB is
u where awesome in ur last episode!
They started no more on time today.
I just got really nervous about the concert tomorrow for some reason....
It felt great to get back on the mat this morning
sees what Cathy means about twitter.
our conversations are the best. We all get eachother.
I can barely wait to drive 375 miles home today. Ugh.
Faultline hosts INDUSTRY PARTY on Sat Nov 6...Meet engnrs/producers/manufacturers/artists. Drinks+fun served up at 6p. Come down+talk sound!
Congrats on the deal, happy you are staying in Baltimore next year
Hell yea I'm a JEALOUS girlfriend but ONLY when you give me a REASON
Hurry up and take your clothes off... something is happening soon.
WHO REMEMBER ME?
you don't have to feel anything! Just drink and be rude/sort of caring. Oh and a 3 yr old neighbor of mine looks like baby rue
Dont follow, & then unfollow me. Its pointless & not cool.
NEW HEALTH CARE LAW PROVISIONS CUT RED TAPE, SAVE UP TO $4.6 BILLION
We're working on a few projects at the HRC, one currently involves Arabic vocab lists. If you need help with a project, please consult us.
RT Happy Birthday! Hope all is well && enjoy ur day :-)// thanks girl!!
All of us at MPA are wishing you all a great 4th of July weekend!
I'm so confused right now...I don't know what is happening?
very nice! Enjoy!
I've seen news on the Packers and what to do about the unbeaten season... rest or go for it...... I'd say go for it!.. Back to back Lombardi
lol go figure 😜
Smh i wasnt even on twitter nd C Miles was talkin about me !
"Your financial success will never exceed your personal development."
school tomorrow:/
Thanks to for adding our Discuss+ Facebook App! Let us know how we can be of help!
Why are people so looking foward about the couple coming to california iI dont get crab
Oh shit! is on twitter!
There is no thought or belief in insufficiency of any kind.
You can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price-- Vince Lombardi
RT : Great to see in the office for happy hour today!
Radiohead to come to Philly / NJ on June 13! Yay! Tix on sale on Thursday.
oh shit really :O
Me and my nanny, getting our SVU marathon on.
Thanks Robert, #FF back at ya! Have a great weekend:)
Twittering from #BAVC New Media institute at TriBeCa
Rockin out to School House Rock, I still remember every song! Ahh memories :)
hey mom, can we get a thousand cats and name them all mysterious names so no one knows why we named them that? please? please? please? huhu?
too bad I can't use the like stamp on twitter!
that's what I need!
Listening to to keep my head straight during illegal harassment from our West #Oakland landlord.
it's imagines time! :)x
Going to London for the 1st time. Know any cool places I should check out?
gets father of the year always!!Drove 4hrs 2make it 2daughter's bday party only could stay an hr cause college/basketball
#auchapel good things to say on the topic of atheism, although this C.S. Lewis performance has become a sort of cliche.
ARGH!! No!! Write through the pain!!
give me enough notice and I can take off! I'm going to the brewers game on Friday! Supposed to be so nice!
is inspired! Practicing guitar, writing new songs, arranging old ones...bliss!
#TheArtInsituteofChicago presents this month #RoyLichtenstein-A Retrospective; a 160 piece collection showcasing the artist's work
Nevermind where you’re from, we’re reacting cause we preview death.
Fuck it, its Friday night at The Market Hotel and the audience is ready to rock n roll. Crazy night in billysburg.
When did you email it?
"can the people in the back see this okay?"
this is good!
I'm pretty sure I live to piss people off <3
I see so much Nemi and so much Diall. Guys which one should I say...?
Listening to two people in the office talk about Zappos customer service. Proof that customer first thinking leads to word of mouth sales.
RT : Fun Fact: China has the world’s longest continuously used written language.
is shooting range this weekend or next?
YES! :) RT :we are getting pretty excited for it should be a wonderful day with wonderful businesses!
Congratulations! Hope you had a great time. RT : Getting inducted into tonight at
Happy Spring break to TCC kids and staff! We hope you all have some fun in the sun this week!
Testing new camping equipment. Nearly 2 1/2 yrs after being injured in a car accident, I think I'll be able to really camp again. So glad.
What I wouldn't give for some sun...
I know baby! We'll be there next week! Lol! *wink*
Outside of my family there are only three people I trust. They all go to different schools, two of them are out of state.
It's going to be a great week. Let's make it happen.
I love helping tourists on the metro. No seriously, I do!
this sunday, to be exact. (;
I need for to contact me via Facebook immediately. Thanx Management.
coachella here we come!
Do you have New Years plans? We might have a few people over...
Fuck I have to go to therapy -.-
Great practice tonight! Started work on 2 news songs plus brought back another old one. Things are shaping up nicely!
4hrs sleep, taco truck lunch, 8+ hrs of production. Must be the
All I need in life is my amazing family, friends and most importantly GOD <3
Chicken Enchiladas are on the menu tonight! Served up with spanish rice and refried beans! your taste buds will love you!
every now and then people need alone time. i get bored easily so i don't wana see you everyday.
The Clash "London Calling"
yeah very true, records the same, Hornets still a better name
RT!!!!! "yeah" "yay" and "yah" are three VERY different words.
I was going through some of the old posts on my blog and got a laugh out of that video again. That's a classic moment!
my bellybutton just told me your gonna notice me ♥ haha
Pretty sure I'm in love <3 <3
Fried s'mores!
was a great night! stop by at CUMIN anytime, we'll be happy to see u!
Lots of them in NYC for sure.
she fits in his universe because they are married!!!
Not in the mood to run the mile right now..
im not the real selena and im very sorry if u thought i was i hope it dont change anything
Date Bailed On Me
Can i do a contest? whoever wins a DM To vinny or Nick? *gianna
I wish I had friends who liked Tyler, but noo. Everybody hates Tyler, & All my friends like Lil Wayne & Drake. I fucking hate them. BOTH.
JUST WHEN U U THOUGHT U WAS DOING IT BIG..I WALK IN THE BUILDING SO
#GirlsLoveWhen You buy them what they ask for and don't ask How Much or Why.
G'mornin. I'm up too, time for work ...
No true Church ever would.
you don't go straight into the wind and you don't wax it after every single race #justfyi😜😉
SOMA, tonight, see you there. doors open at 630. Party on Wayne, and party on Garth.
yes...i shouldn't know that
Oh son of a bitch, I still don't have any Anger.
Just emailed you the song. Hope you like!
Why doesn't Wendy's deliver today?
lol Maybe I can incorporate them both?
when's high fest!?
i mean i can let you borrow it
What if Fitzgerald *had* settled on "The High-Bouncing Lover" instead of "The Great Gatsby"? Same impact?
Thank you!! I'm glad you like them.. Keep watchin :)
Youtube Ricochet "She Bangin" & you already know its T Man On Da Beat --->
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough--:)
do you think that men's book clubs would want to read books that specifically deal with "men's issues" then?
Stress. Ballet. Finals. I have been reduced to one word sentences to describe the mountain of crap I have to do between now and next Friday.
not so much the 'I' in that, but the user who is barely grasping at their new D7 site to begin with will recognize A
followed :) follow back?
Innovate as a last resort. - Ray and Charles Eames
Just watching the tour on DVR HD. Great sprint with Armstrong at the end. Couldn't quite get it. Great job overall!
”You All Win”…Congratulations…Wanna…Play Again
Women, #poem from sMichelle
i am thankful that i had the opportunity to go to LA and visit my brother antonio. And my brother introducted me to O2M.
when are you coming to boston?!
HE HAS HIS NOSE MAURY!! &THEM EARS, THEM EARS STICK OUT JUS LIKE HIS DADDYS.
FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND SHE FOLLOW BACK 😉
prisoner :p haha that's cute! :) i don't know what to wear lol
love it!
awesome dude what's the the name of that series again?
Right now, I really wanna listen to Long Knives Drawn and watch 8 1/2
Jammin some classical...
but i like blue.
Congrats to for a great almost launch! Great stuff
Congrats to on the perfect game! What a nerve-wracking and intense game to watch.
First try vocabsushi.com w/code "ilovevocab" -$10off RT : Can someone tell me if getting the #GRE #vocab flash cards were worth it? :)
we still haven't done your photoshoot?
Hanging out at
Harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2 was the best movie i have ever seen in my life.
what is the MagFF ?
I'm so immature. I laugh everything my phone has 69 percent battery...
Perhaps we need to start our a snarky button product line...
I migrated to DV4 and want to close DV3.5 but it takes a month to close (?) Can you bill/ref 1 month/50 for old instead of 500?
My mom: "kfc and john john silvers. I mean long dong silvers"
Yesterday, I signed up for "social news" on Huffington Post; I don't really know what it is, but its like facebook for news junkies.
I need mine cut too!
Enjoy your night everyone, come back in tomorrow for Heavy-Handed Sunday and get your eighth weighed to four grams!
mhm now in Hungry
So excited to go down to Richmond tomorrow with to rep
"What chance gathers she easily scatters. A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together." -Johann Von Goethe
Austin please!!!!!!! Follow me or tweet back? <3
Charles River Apparel has recently been named a 5-star Supplier by ASI! Thanks for your continued support.
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane? @ Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THNKS!
after 10 tonight lol. Late, I know!
Thank you for shopping with us this Thursday afternoon.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito. ~ The Dalai Lama XIV
Not in your area, but what does a Desk Set group do?
I will post mine today around 4 or 5 ... K?
O_o one time this eighty year old wanted my mom to be his GF and shes 31 lmao! I told her she should cuz he's rich LOL
I dont believe in "good" vs. "bad" music. I believe in "genuine artistic contribution" vs. "hey everybody, look! I'm doing something!"
Don't judge me, birthday girl!!! Lol
when the streetz love you to death it aint hard to sell
I am having great butt sex with Justin Bieber!!! #EpicWin Girls be jealous!
H-2B Clients: Please send us your declaration regarding the wage increase by Tuesday, Sept. 20th & email w/ questions.
Knocking out the rest of my shopping!!
I just cut my finger while cutting my nails. I am such a disgrace to all Asian kind.
Good morning everyone. It's a beautiful day in Florida. I'm on my way out to enjoy the sunshine. Have a great day....
"life is better on a bell curve"
Blastin some #nowhere is the sht bro
Ayy Gang land. Is that shit
hopefully we'll be there soon!
It's never good when you're at an underground BART station and it smells like something is on fire.
Only goodness and faithful love will pursue me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD as long as I live...
Off to meet the main character of my next novel. Literally.
You are very welcome :)
My primary issue with drinking: I enjoy it most when ddrunk/dt > 0.
Already bought two bra's ;p
I don't think I ever truly realized that Keith Haring started out as a street artist. I guess I always knew, but never really thought of it.
.: Do you know some of the goodies you're bringing to ?
Chemistry midterm in a couple days.
get ready for a great Lions game later. “: Succaneer Orange. Great.”
last night my neighbors played shitty music all night, time to play mine on full blast i hope they enjoy their hangovers.
Seniors taking final exams
Not to good I'm sick
On my way to KFC for tha mother's day special ..
You said it!
Study finds MD's not always honest with patients. 20 percent said hadn't fully disclosed mistake.
#obvious RT : Columbia residents have mixed reactions about a potential Jayhawk logo on Missouri license plates. via/
Sorry I missed that brunch
I forgot my password. Thanks alot, Cali buds!!!
U R The Bullshit
CAN'T MAKE ME
Selenators go follow chaz's personal account - :)
Hi Justin, thanks for following!
Tonight blows.
Not feeling so hot Took emergen-c, day quil.. ugh.. really hope I'm not coming down with something!
Are you feeling like Carrie Bradshaw right about now?
Wish I had caught a picture but my phone camera is broken. Will do so next time. Hello from ORD!
not sure if u tlk'd this already but how do u feel abt congress taking out the part abt slavery in 2days constitution reading
I used to be speaker of the house RT : I'm Newt Gingrich RT : I used to be speaker of the house.
just remember to skip the mac, bro. no flavor.
Last day to check out the exhibit Reflections and pick up a piece of original art!
Good day today
my pleasure! Still blown away by your noodle prowess!
Flying to Indy in Louisville Slugger's corporate airplane on Monday!
Dear Food Fantasy Reader, What does it mean that I'm dreaming about #bacon wrapped meatloaf?
You are too kind.
I like your thinking!
hey lets get that 1-2 punch going again this week big mac
hmm " uh excuse me sir can you please get off my back. Thanks "
Burn Ki Moon.
Bruins v Rangers tonight. Maybe there will be lots of fights in honor of Valentine's Day.
#certnc Eric k from solana beach. what a great tool in case of an emergency.
The kiwano fruit is possibly the most disgusting thing I've ever eaten. Next to okra. Not fond of slimy food.
Hadn't heard; can you point me to some add'l reading?
I judge you more for the McDonald's part than the wifi part!
do people REALLY wear "wodkilla" socks? thats just... no! i cant handle the term wodkilla in general or anyone labeling themselves as such
Wow! just realized I have followers...including the great David Crowder.
dam mahone! Keep up the amazing work!
What is the hardest part about #networking?
the voice or DWTS
AP tests. Yay.
Have a great time in SF.
Republican play book is when you take power create fiscal crisis by cutting taxes/ revenue that supports dysfunction narrative
Leah, thank you for the follow as well. Any 2012 real estate predictions?
So what's the news of the day?
I cant stand people bein better than me at ANYTHING ! lol grrrrrrr
The only good thing about the parade of champions were the pompoms lol.
skype? To much to type xD
can't get bra off.
-Leaders on the floor/ Leaders in the locker room- often can be two different sets of
I really don't like my grades right now, my goal for straight A's isn't going to happen.
good luck tomorrow. As Lil John once said..."Shots, Shots, Shots, Shots...."
Read, read, read. Read everything - trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an...
Need a mini vacation. NO cell phone, no work emails, no resposibilities + beach mandatory. Please and Thank you.
When time is of the essence, crime may pay
So nice to see more trees and less people. I know you missed me, Detroit. :)
Today, for the first time in 9 years, I know what it is like to not be afraid.
Definitely "Swept Away"
Busted thru thumb of my right riding glove. About to toss it when I discovered~>it's now perfect for texting! The #evolution of stuff.
Can anyone recommend a good program to recover data from a corrupt hard drive?
#KickRocks Amazing People Interest Me... JHustle....
- "Frustration is just miguided enthusiasm." Thank you my friend.
The chairs in the conference rooms are too comfy...........
1.) if your a slut or some prostitute don't follow me. 2.) I love my followers that arnt that lmfao.
5th B is tomorrow, bikes.
And no I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about YOU.
Yes but not = b/c based on individuality: white man usually in jeans suddenly shows up in suit--"Hey, what's the occasion?"
RT : help me to inspire those.. that need inspiration... let my life be a sign.. of a coming generation .... "lord help me"
you are a stud!!! Great following you!
"i never do anything wrong"...haha... Man's Famous Quote
never say never ...even wen something looks impossible..
Is it crazy to think everyone in the office should have their own reusable cup? It would be nice if the company gave them out too.
"Its that if your ugly as fuck they'll never let you into LIV" ... So I'm guessing you won't be getting in then?? #STFU #GROWUP #DADE -____-
Yay! One of today's #Educator partners built a mission for student based on the and 2012 stamps!! #heritage, anyone?
awe,thanks, friend!! :)
What does that even mean? Let Oil companies run roughshod all over Florida so you can file briefs for them?
Awww...but ok, Imma go offline too! :'D Bye boo bear! LOVE YOU SO MUCH MORE THAN YOU'LL EVER BE ABLE TO!!!<3333333 :)
I felt like it was a swing and miss regardless of crowd
Totally last minute, but performing with Batala as a dancer with two other Gladies at the Clarendon Fat Tuesday parade!
haha i know but i probably will! And i never actually started till like 3 haha
So fucking happy I could die now.
I predict that the next disruptive innovation in technology will be wireless charging for handheld devices.
Happy Friday!!!!!!! RT Happy Friday 🎉
Going to grocery store then coming over!
Apple Cup action! Huskies or the Cougs - who's taking the victory?
The most important factor in selecting learning toys for your children is choosing a toy that is appropriate for your child's age.
Arrived in Wales late this morning after a solid two days of traveling, and it is good to be here, cooking potatoes and watching Ratatouille
ENJOY your life!!
On my zumba flow this weekend. Need2 get this weight off 4the holiday. Zumba i miss u.
It's gonna be a long, productive night with , , and
You're Full of Boloney
You're ** clearly im
Prayers answered!!
For some reason, I can hear my mother saying "If asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?" Heh.
when will you post a chimichurri recipe on pinterest? : ) I may be able to provide a beautiful pic for you!
I've only been on Facebook until now. It's going to take some time to figure out Twitter. LOL!
14.I love music
do u like winners
says never stop selling yourself. You should always be market ready
RT : Two-thirds (64%) of US adults text. Text a librarian! Text 66746, start your question w/ calvlib, charles or stmalib.
a few people not from twitter and just the retweets from the Indians. Lots of people seem to say they've been more than once.
no i was stuck at that stupid pachanga thing alone -.- lucky mofo!
Red Line specials!
Want to thank and our NIKE fam for their support...nothing like being out of town w FRESH gear
RT : I'd like to take a moment to remind the world the US went to war with Iraq because Saddam gassed his own people.
Burning copies of the karan is as ridiculous and insensitive as building a mosque at Ground Zero
On foot thru #Hasidim of #Williamsburg best route now from #steampunk #fashion show to #neocon rocker at #hipster #Cameo 8pm.
i hope the sun shines, and it's a beautiful day and something reminds you
Got caught off guard wit the cutest txt that put a huge ass smile on my face..[and idk wht to reply]
The results for yesterday's poll: Will you be getting up early to watch the Royal Wedding? 100% said No! | PollMKE.COM
Awww...you'll be missed tonight!!! Safe travels back to NYC!!! RT good luck love you!!!
some excellent content from the LA Games Conference yesterday
What a morning! But my god shall supply my every need.!
I love it when the lilacs are in bloom. Favorite smell in the world. Makes for a relaxing stretch
Welcome and stay around and check things out often when you can:)
Austin Toros Draft party is @ Big Daddys Thurs 11/3 @ 6pm. Meet the entire Cap City Dance Team & be the first 2 see whose chosen 4 our team!
can u bring back please
Heh, Happy Monday tweeps--> RT : I was about to wish you a productive week, but I see that you're here.
Just arrived at my site for #rcd2012! My homeowner said today is like Xmas for her since we're bringing her some much needed help!
No no, you walked in and you're fired
And it's IN SCORPIO! Which is where my moon is, holler, and your sun. Please advise on appropriate witchiness.
These ppl need to go str8 up....i should be clocking out now
Omgee.all i wanna do is sleep.friday im sleeping in.
I'm addicted to "Swamp People" on History Channel. Incomprehensible dialects with names like "Cletus" shooting alligators = GOLD.
thank you jacob
For all you health nerds out there, Sebelius just walked in
U playing a damsel in distress? Isn't that typecasting? :) ... Ever notice u can say anything if u put a smiley face after it?
You need more than a handful. Two hands for each is better.
I talked to like 10 minutes ago! HSJCIDSJDDMDJDJD. Brb crying. <3
Okay i'm in a bitchy mood now.
Sorry! I didn't see that it had been set up already before I responded. A little unorganized here.
So the key to business success is to make it past that five-year mark.
Decomposition Notebook.
The Superbowl is on! What team are you going for?
You can't say something like that and not tell us what it is!
Soaking in a bubble bathh
Thanks to all the WW dealers offering our cable technology & to every WW fan for discovering more excellent home entertainment. Quality 1st!
"and my checks have baby farm animals on them, Biatch!" Genius!
ko real talk: Don't chase the DREAM let the DREAM CHASE YOU!
Just realized I don't even log on fb anymore lol *shrugs*
Just one low payment of $10! :)
Ah another work week.
can't wait to see you at warped in Orlando!
thank you!
i love seeing juicy ass tittys dam look at them
sometimes my heart hurts, like when I breath it hurts.
Why Care About #Bees? - Dr. Marla Spivak, U
You are always welcome :)
“ I Prefer Brown Skin Woman” too bad for you
indeed. Lets hope the next one keeps up the trend and doesn't succumb to the trilogy curse.
In case you didn't know: Madison's homeless are self-organizing. Watch for some very cool and inspiring things to happen.
next time give us a heads up tweet or something....
I would LOVE to be a yoga teacher while trying to be an actor. That or a sommelier. Or both... ;)
You meant heat flashes right? Because we all know librarians are dowdy, pious women over the age of 50.
i was gonna send u one but i didint know wht to say soo idk.!!! So CONFUSED.!! :(
"We must unlearn the constellations to see the stars." ~ Jack Gilbert
You can do laundry when you're dead.
You're always welcome, Ann! Thanks for telling your fans and friends about us!
Morning Twitters
Lazy rainy day in #Miami.. Someone motivate me please..??
If you are enjoying Motown week on #DWTS you'll love The Jersey Boys broadway show too. You'll be surprised how many songs you know!
Someone hijacked my Twitter account. If you received a DM from me, please disregard.
moderates is a loose word. I started it a while back, but others have volunteered to do the moderation. I'm a reader though!
finally a nice relaxing day!
That's true <3 ": A #Gemini will pin you down and tickle the sadness out of you."
I Just registered yesterday!My sister 2 month ago really!
I pledge allegiance to tha tweet
I APOLOGIZE to all these Bitches but a nigga can't GET WIT CHA, Cuz this nigga be gettin CHEEZ like if I was takin PICTURES!
thanks for the RT. It makes a day look really small compared against the year.
Watching game 162, how no playoffs or wild cards had been decided & it was the last game of the season. Bos eyeing TB STL watching ATL
's quotes tho. LET ME LOVE YOU.
would you lik to work together
Dear Ryan Leaf. Grow up. Do this especially for your parents and family. You have embarrassed them for a long time. Enough is enough.
toc bar and status lounge
um yes u are, we prolly should report you
im might be goin to the mall with my friend... if i dont then yeah
It is going to be a great year for my company Shin Do Kumate' - www.shindokumate.com
Is this day over yet?
Drinking sum coffee wit paches and whino....was aswesome to see the kiddos last night...gonna go do something with em today
Don't forget to check out Gonzalez Contract Services on Facebook! Like our page for updates on new positions!
If "you" don't treat yourself with kindness and respect, then why would anybody else.
I'll take some pictures for you! We got pretty good seats 4 row up from field 2 sections down from dugout. First base line!
Thought is was BYU's comeback
SAN FRANCISCO, yearlong 75th anniversary celebrating the opening of the GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE.
I think was married still, BUT I hear he gets around besides breaking up homes
Just watched #BOYFRIEND !! Is so hot , think im gunna love his new stuff (:
Spending the day at the Family Farmed EXPO. Learned about using whole animals. Next up is urban farming, then preserving the bounty.
"Those who look to him are radiant; their faces are never covered with shame." Psalm 34:4
Taking Back Sunday tickets go on sale this Saturday! Don't forget Jack's Mannequin is next Friday!
Rock candy baby...hard, sweet, and sticky
RT : #FF hey Laine, floats your boat, what makes your cookie crumble? GRIN, haha ;)) or blows ur skirt up?
Love us and like us on facebook. Post a comment & show you care. :)
“: Does any large LEA have a good understanding of effective parental engagement??”
Now following ...Love what you do...so glad we re-connected.
Ok time to go get sisi frome school, n with this back pain omw jesus see me tru it@ mercy for n me n all the other kids going hom
If you enjoy Rock Pop music from Southern California follow They follow back! i wish i could play piano!
RT : Goodness RT : tomorrow #StPatricksDay specials=Dublin coddle & cracklins, and Scotch eggs w/Sue mustard
that is way cool that you have him teaching the both of you.
oh dont worry. i already retweeted ur link to all my friends d if i like ya, i will do all i can to make sure ur cn, ages????
Rudnitsky just saved four match points to tie the third set a 5-all.
excel has a function that lets you take a line graph of data you have and extend it out to predict where the numbers will go
