glad to hear!
This coffee...just isn't doing the job :/
Osama bin Laden's last words to be published online today - Daily Mail
***NEWS FLASH*** Global Cooling occuring in Minnesota. Thousands of people are cold on the first day of May 2011. ###
Cavaliers are 4-3 which is better than the Celtics and Lakers at 4-4. I know it's early but what would have been the odds on that.
GM. Thank you for an unforgettable evening. It was great seeing passionate musicians playing. Safe travels!
Nothing new about that.
just what my honey would love a new truck!
Three hospitalized after Lunenburg high-speed crash
Obama has allowed $7 trillion dollars to be given to banks and bankers.
So sad!
- "Love, is not a word that exists..." Speaking the troof from the freeverse album haha Starting to believe it.
#whoeverimarry will make me one of the happiest people, because they wouldn't just be my husband, but they'd be my bestfriend for life(:
Game got canceled so that means more time at the gym. 💪💪💪
LEAVE US VIDEOS OF YOU STILL ON THE MEDS AFTER HAHAHAH ps good luck puta <3
Who's in Little Rock???
Hopefully you all will let me visit ;) Thanks!
Our old shirts and tank-tops will now be for sale for $3! We have all sizes from small to x-large!
Hip Hop would be a much better genre of music if Biggie and Tupac were both still alive
Damn secondary! Step it up!
Gorgeous girl! How was the photo shoot? We hope you did our spray tan proud :)
My cheeks are soo naturally rosy ^.^
50 Cent and Justin Bieber
House-training... a big challenge 2. 2 get them 2 understand they don't have 2 mess where they spend their time anymore Continued next tweet
I can't get any of my coworkers to pick up my daughter from the babysitter, though.
Shit just got reall as'f quick as'f to :o
If the Mrs. Lisette is going to be there, you know it's going to be a party!!!! Come see Lisette in this issue of 4PM Magazine-Hubba Hubba!!
Ah morning. Crazy dream last night. Like wrestling with the devil shit. Must be the nicoderm... or that nightline faceoff.
“God not only loves the obedient - He enlightens them.” ~ Henry B. Eyring
long hur don't cur.
Alert! Free 12-inch cheese pizza NOW to first 10 Tweeps @ Rodins Pizza in Reynoldsbrg. Carryout only. Offer expires 10:15p (Example tweet)
movie night in the room tonight!
so sleepy
If Derek dies I will never watch Grey's Anatomy again.
Whoever discovered whistling, I seriously hate you.
Yeah right she'd prob get someone else to pee for her hahaha
she wants my number... fuck that, im not fallin into no traps
your keyboard is having a seuzure
and Tito Ortiz too!
Don;t make me use my swear finger
:P I know my older sister an her husband bought one for my mom :D
When everything just falls in place, The easiest thing is to give you praise💜
#CincodeMayo M, La Ha ;)
Well its offical I'm officialy in default with SaliMae......oh yeah another 7 years of bad credit.....
Every time I see young chavs wearing vans I always think... Yeah you were definitely involved in the manchester riots.
sounds gay
❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon :/
Getting myself together before i start the review. Spoiler: while I agree with a lot of what n more say, there were serious hilites
I ain't never been a lame. Been the one to get it cracking. The nerve of u to try and do me! ;)
hehehe :D I like the movie tho
is evil plans still going on? Just walked through etc and didn't see anyone.
👶 you ☀ 🆙 my world like no🚶else! Do you know what is says?(:
hey Front Row, time to put down the phone like during playoffs, right? The "Jinx" is back today.
so I had to turn down the job from Tuesday because of the hours but I just set up three more interviews today
you coming home???
And it's official . . . We're Keeping Her ! ^_^
I know I ammms
wahahhaha !!! Im good how bout yah !?
when he holds your hands c:
o.O
More and more jealous by the minute of all the "I'm at beerfest" tweets...
Wine, Ladies, and Chat - you have the perfect combination going!
To clean glass windows, add about one tablespoon of cornstarch to about one litre of lukewarm water. Wet and a rag or squeegee, remove...
New Kids On The Block before 6am. Not cool.
It's better to be interesting to a small group of people than be kind of interesting to a large group of people.
Oh. Want! *drools*
OOMMMGGG MB IS GOIN TO BE PERFORMIN NEXT I AM SO PUPMED I AM SO HAPPY YES 143 TO MB
Out of 20 people I just texted , 8 replied.....bitches
I like Matt Vasgersian.
My older bro
Only in #vegas will you see a wedding chapel next door to an hourly motel.
Shocking news of the day: I'm AT the RC track watching Martin race.
#SoYouMeanToTellMe just because im a girl i cant do what boys do.
This that shit I don't like in my nigga voice a bitch nigga I don't like a snitch I wanna fight
RT : Yelp Geeks Out! #FF Thank You!
haha thank you
I would literally DIE If they closed Taco Bueno
: Thank you so very much! It was so much fun to sing, and I would love a CD, since I've only heard excerpts to this point.
Another awesome PhD student, , designed it. I can see if she has another and I can mail it to you...?
You have no idea how happy I get when t̶h̶e̶ ̶ ̶p̶h̶o̶n̶e̶ ̶r̶i̶n̶g̶s̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶i̶t̶s̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶.̶ microwave beeps and my food is ready
"Judas Priest, Barbara! It's another one of those flamin' bags again!"
INSIDE JOB WINS!!
In such a funk... Can't help but think who #3 may be this week...
Puppy class graduation, cork market, and crepes. Now rest.
Your all cocky and crap. Just laughing at everyone else. Just wait until the universe craps on you and we will see who is laughing. Karma.
Looking forward to dinner at 's!
Headed to Mingles, come party with me!
"It's a Zen thing, like how many babies fit in a tire." - Corky St. Clair
So what is it with you always attacking BO? You can't play both sides of the fence sir.
Not yet. I'll keep you posted. :)
Just pretend you are preaching to thousands. "Yes, and I would like fried with that!!!"
Congrats to Ted Van Griethuysan, best supporting actor, resident play in Much Ado About Nothing with The Shakespeare Theate Co.
Could not agree more - I was turned to single malt "only" about 6-7 yrs ago and Im a total novitiate - it was free that nite ha
RT Legs are shaved, beverages chilled, cleats are somewhere. kickball double-header at 11am! So stoked!
Darn. I wish I could see the presentation in person.
Got a really close look at the Tesla Model S today. That is one sexy cool car :)
Who wants to go to #MLG Anaheim with me? Any takers?! *crickets chirping* FML
hey! could we possibly interview you?(:
Trying out google+. If you're super nice to me, I might send you one of my invites...
cool so did u have a nice christmas
please follow me please follow me please follow me please
Google, I know that's you. You're not fooling anyone with the logo camouflage.
They're pictures. I'm way behind on pics for MUA and models.
I hate bad hip hop.
Awesome! I'll be there, again, in the morning after work! 
I love my outdoor team. Chalk up another W. 4-0. And no injuries. That's always a plus for us old guys... Ha.
gonna jump in my chrysler lebaron and gun it to 88
I don't claim to understand hockey...but I really don't understand the Caps' insistence on not just shooting...
highly recommend the iPad. Highly. And I got the cheapest one. 16gb with Wifi only. Love it more than my iPhone and iPod!!!
Did I miss the memo... is it no longer acceptable to write X-mas as a shorthand to christmas?
to you as well old "Evanston" friend.
RT I'll check it out for sure! Gotta get me in another video soon!
The US Olympic trampoline team?
lol nigga tomorrow is my last day in that class. You late af.
Pinnacle Airlines expects to furlough 450 of its pilots
my favorite is still "We want the finest wines available to humanity. And we want them here, and we want them now!"
Blah . Text Mee ..
wtf? were they at bravo?
Have a good work week, everyone :)
now you and jack can get married, or any other man you'd like to marry
Steak Night=good. Steak Night, buzzed=Great.
I tried so hard to get my own #Superbowl commercial with me in a #nygiant club. A club thats just really giant...since big people in NY won.
I very MUCH miss Jacqueline. She's the voice of reason, on that show. So is Caroline.
Finally ordered a iPhone case. It has elephants on it. cc:
Did you spot any Whereowarians at High Point? It was exciting to see so many innovative products this year! Did you have any favorites?
I did like the pic of the guy wearing Nikes kicking in the Nike store window lol
SWE installation last night was phenomenal. I will never forget the standing ovation after my remarks and all the wonderful accolades.
Introducing the 2012 starting left fielder, the O's best free agent acquisition in years.
Go follow --> ? she follows back and i will ist u 20x!
It's official...I'm going to Game 6. Gotta figure out how to do it, but it's happenin'
Do you work tomorrow or Friday?
When will the next track be ready?
Don't you know you gotta sag to swag
Speakerboxx will be here tonight for First Friday Rocks! Show at 10pm and free all night!
seeking field service techs in Columbus OH -M/H exp. w/hydraulic motors - 90% travel -email
Called it quits at the studio.... Thinkin I should of stayed... These words be fillin my head... Why sleep when you can work in a studio?
WHY IS ARTHUR FLIRTING WITH GWEN. THE FUCK.
My dear, we didn't have class.
So far it is just confusing becuz I didn't know what it was for.
#NFAIS Experimenting in social reading. Placing comments next to text instead of below makes author-reader equals.
I am so, so sry Can we send meals or something else? Pls keep in touch. You are cared abt.
Woke up&thought it was wednesday. This week is just draaaaaaaaaaaging on
If a work is so good or so bad that you have no feedback to give on it, ask a question about its intent.
nuthing bored as always noone realli gets in touch wit me for anything
Thank you =) I hope you have a great day too!!!
that is always an plus to have a comfortable seat!
I'm so over looking for office space. I am ready to make a decision and move on. Now if I could get someone to make that decision for me...
Great! this money is helping the schools this year. But when are we going to look at how to make PPS more efficient?
some days it's better to just not wear a shirt as much as possible.
Lmfao. RT “: Why'd you tweet that when you cheated on me?”
You too as always!
Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn?t spend half our time wishing. Alexander Woollcott
#IADMIT I laugh at my own jokes
classic (x
Honestly, I hope that lines holds together enough to at least give off a good show when it reaches myself here in Littleton!
#fridayreads is the amazingly good THE LAST SEPTEMBER. I didn't even remember ordering from , but whoever told me to, thank you!
Just spent the last 2 hours watching the incredible Mr. Depp play a vampire with my daughter Jessica...what a great Mothers Day
#music Listening to a song called "Swarming Vulgar Mass of Infected Virulency," by Carcass. An oldie but goodie.
there is an amazing violinist outside of river park square right now. if you're near you should check him out!
Congratulations to all the new student council representatives!
#a place in carmel to eat really good
I'm saying I agree to wat u tweetd ....I wrote it wrong
The best part of going out is the GETTING PRETTY PROCESS!! #Makeup #RainCosmetics #Glam Anyone else agree?
Old Navy might have some? Going to check tonight... prefer something a *tad* nicer, but beggers can't be choosers
Laying In My Bed
hell ya Bailey all the way baby lay down in ur bed of roses all the way to the top
No McGee did not RT : McGee did RT : Bynum a beast tho can't nobody check him
thank. goodness.
Thanks for the retweet, Ruben! Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
I was saying the word "civility" wrong.. I was taking out a syllable. It's sa-vil-ity. I'm a work in progress!
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
Sometimes I just aint in the mood to deal with the studio at night...got to though.
Chris Rock is the definition of EXTRA -___-
T minus 2 days! This Saturday: , , will be at 12th and Porter! New band, new music! Can't wait to see you!
Zach parise is so good. What quick hands on that shot.
so true,,
I totally understand. We are using #lmsaun to live tweet the event. Feel free to follow along. Let's be sure to meet in May
Go, Cubs, Go!
If they were smart and self-employed like me, They'd have Wifi and a Laptop to play AT WORK :). Amateurs.
Can't take a train or anything like that? Tends to be easier.
Do yourself a favor and take a deep breath, play "Lump Sum" by Bon Iver, and remember how far you've come from who you once were. <3
HA! Yes, that actually was sad.
at least that brand of self loathing tastes good
Thanks so much for having us! great playing with you guys! Great sets!
yikes....time to get off of pinterest and actually do some hw.
Get the word out. Every registered republican go and vote in November if we want to take back our nation
Your so mean.
Happy Monday, San Diego! What are your plans for the week?
im writing music and tweeting and updating web info at 2:35am
Well if you're from NY London should be no problem. Have a great trip.
Yay! I got my warped your tickets! :')
I'm Texas Football and you're my Rice
gonna take a break from you Twitter. Sorry if I'm offending any of my porn star followers who follow thousands of random teenage boys a day
. claims that he's going to "ruin" digital humanities; almost immediately, sirens & flashing lights go off.
So Romney wants credit now for "saving the auto industry." Do you think maybe next week he will want credit for getting Bin Laden?
Hey! How's the #ATL? #Follow back
#thingsthatmakemewannascream when you try on 20-30 things and not a single one of them fits
I have much to catch up on. :-)
2-6pm today on will be the greatest 4 hours of my radio career. Maybe the worst. Probably both.
Oh how easily one's day can be ruined.
<3 your album homie. Thank you for the free download.
sorry they will not let me follow anymore people IDKY but i will look into it. I am trying to reach the world here..
Excited about a lot of things thats about to happened. :)
cuz you drink too much.
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
Because there's a Great Lakes Brewing Co. in that airport? :)
i think i fucked up idk bt im goin to sleep so i can think
I wonder what can help if anything. I may have to leave this in God's hands.
Last chance to see "Coast to Coast," an exhibition of large landscape paintings by Carol Lopatin! Show closes Feb. 26!
Retweet if you DARe
when we talk you just cant get lost in his biq beautiful brown eyes tryinq to be goffy and silly ! just to kute ! verry nice day
Rumors abound that Apple will buy Twitter for $700 million before June 8th when Apple holds its Worldwide Developers Conference in SF
BC/ND today - always a battle. Don't sleep on BC
lol @ the radio version of superman. "But I do know one thing though, chickens they come and go."
HEY TEAMMATE!
hows your day going man??
That proposal was everything
the weekend starts in an hour and a half.
RIP Larry King
always pizza...
taking part in a video shoot at Berklee today with Asahi TV from Japan!
Battling my walking pneumonia with wasabi.
i'm looking at a bunch of crushed ManU fans right now. It is hilarious.
haha every time I text you, you're all like "who is dis?" & I'm like "dang harsh, deleted my number"
Everybody pulls for David, nobody roots for Goliath.- Wilt Chamberlain
I love it, don't worry you can trust me... Really? Then why is your hand creeping down my back. Yea, no goodbye!
Time for some Johnny Rockets.
Told ya bruh... " I ain't mad at ya lil bra. said they was hot rite now and he was rite. #salute"
earning even more respect for #ethnohistorians tonight. Writing Native American history with documents written by white guys is HARD.
Thanks for your Workers Unite poster -- you are credited for your nice work! Great image to rally and educate folks.
Leaving the dorm now and unable to return until after 5pm...let's do this.
aw pooo :( all well there missing some great story written from the BEST author :D its REALLLYY good by the way
Seeking teenage-looking EXTRAS in L.A. who are available THIS Sunday:
Thanks for caming all the way from Elon to help us support our community. Again, we couldn't do it without you. MT
Love that fact that my agent loses all inhibitions at the holiday party
It really grinds my gears when people say women aren't funny. Most people are painfully unfunny, obv. Please dudes you aren't funny either.
On my house phone .. I'm finna call back ..
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY - PAT FORD*
Livin' the lonely life.
Talent is like time way too precious to waste. Finish 2011 strong!!!!
You ARE beautiful though. (:
Sorry for lack of tweets. Phone struggled big time in the park. Gonna need to get that straightened out
i don't care whats in the past, we're both here now <3
critiquing all da dresses at the oscars with
GOD. "Watch the Throne" is just...the shit. I can't stop listening.
Really just want school to be overr. I'm so lazy to do anything! :O
meaning: get off of Facebook and go Worship? that kind of #ministry spin?
So hungry and I have work today and the weather is feeling great :)
I wonder what it would feel like to get shot, too, but I'm not trying to find out for real!
Hm my bf said I need to post 5 nice things about him so here going nothing lol
Gave up on me hella time's
aw thanks! I'm sure you did an amazing job! I'm good! Lots of ridic adventures and hanging out with some amazing people!
Monday Morning Meeting. Here we go.
you have to teach me German as I work on the Dell OEM German videos, social media and online ;)
haha! i go on annual girls' trip..flying out for weekend:) we could easily go there from NAshville:) WHEN you visit that is:)!!
Today is national kiss day & Friday the 13th things are about to get stupid weird tonight! O snap!
Watching the 60 minutes with michael vick. i am interested to see what he says.. i still hate him
Edmodo: looks like Facebook but for education only. Not blocked by school firewalls.
tell me u saw camel toe...
The villain in my new Redshift book uses a silver revolver instead of a charge gun. Old school.
Ready to be your agent!....www.byronbrown.georgiamls.com
what else is new?! ;)
you're a tweety bird....
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :Yummy in my tummy.
RT : 15th anniversary of 's #Scream at !
Where is this Undiscovered Rookie Goaltender Island where the #Caps found Holtby?
No-No's on #SP2010 DB level- changing indexes,adding Stored Procs,select from tables/views,change allocation;For logging, use only retrieve.
What's more fun than shitting until you wish for death?! RT : Corporate America can be fun too.
Lakers suck. Go Kings. and Clippers.
We are located on 385 Broadway and open from 10am-6pm on Saturday!
That's for you. Super cool place. Lava lamps and all...
Hayward's shot will instantly become the most famous missed shot in NCAA history.
Browser history, I hardly knew ye.
Most of my life was spent on that freeway. Thank you God for watching over my family & friends. May victims one day find justice & peace.
Spanish was just ridiculous today. It should be illegal for teachers not to wear bras to school-.-
I'm a fan of goaltending, and looking at the numbers, Eddie Lack will make the Canucks very happy one day.
Watching C-SPAN2 where Senate Democrats are trying to kill the JOBS Act that would help technology startups.
why you doing this to me? :sadcam:
Camping! What about you?
did you try the Lytro ? Anything good ? Gadget or game changer ? (I have my answer...)
Even when we get married, babe
Even if i dont get 1 just wanted to say thanks and tell u you how cool u and the rest of the guys are Gears Forever
RT : Snap a photo w/ Jupiter Lily on the concourse at Arcade Fire on 9.30.10 & win a stay ! Catch her if you can!...
Sorry #NoShaveNovember I already broke the deal.
I must disagree, respect the comma.
RT We are putting our #digitalpreservation suite on the cloud soon - ideal for small-med archives - fo...
A new song came to mind and lets just say you will hear it on tv one day :)
Good morning Boston!! How is everyone? Tweet me your favorite club in Boston.
no. Its call #Lakers because they're a team ! Get it right
Bitch please ..
Where is this table full of options re Iran? Are there snacks on the table?
what a day..... last night was a blast.
Why did I want to hang out with Kanye West so bad tonight? Goddamn you Charles Shaw.
Michelle Malkin, trust me: YOU saying Obama's a lava lamp or silly putty isn't same as #Romney's own guy and the "etch a sketch"
Watching my friend edit her 10 year old Korean students' music video.
How about him?
My little cousin a spoiled brat ;3
Does it live up to the hype?
She needs to come over my house and ride me like a scooters .
will do! Love my Davisaur. :)
What's this?? your family heritage stuff?? I wanna see I wanna see!!!
Did anyone catch Joe's cameo?
oh...was that not the plan already?
Whoa. I was not expecting that.
The ghetto language these days are to funny
RT : Meeting to appoint mayor has just been postponed again, to 6 pm Friday
We are open till 3pm today...
RT : Learn to swirl & spit like a pro Spectator's seminar: Fri 6pm & Sat 12.30pm
no strips. Real deal. I had to go buy emergency hot sauce cause these chumps use just tabasco
This warms my heart! RT "Fellows do work together outside #EAP #sustarts"
It must be Christmas time. I just ate too many cookies.
My periods have been irregular since I began having them at 13. what is my body trying to tell me, I'm stumped.
Show that your concern for the people who elected you is of importance. Vote against SOPA and PIPA.
Good morning, #Albuquerque! Here's hoping you had a lovely holiday weekend. If you awaken ed with decorated apparel in mind, we're here!
RT - beware twitterers bad twitter virus is #trending called #choppedporkandham but it won't hurt your computer it's just
" Whatever their source, leadership begins with clarity about values what one stands for ...
I swear I dream of the weirdest things. O.o
if my dad doesnt stop dancing..
Looking forward to checking that out!
Today's office words of the day are: 60 year old temper tantrum! People here are seriously in need of medication
1 final today wish me luck :)
oh Carolyn- I'm going to be one sick woman tomorrow after over indulging in White Castle cheese burgers-
what could be done? nothing.
Thanks to and the Nocturnals for sharing the stage with B-A-H...Grace is such an angel!!!
can't wait until she gets a new phone. Two weeks two launch...
Planning my #newyork trip with my bff!!! ah!!
I didn't know yall ladies got yall eyebrows threaded and shit!! My homey ocky just impressed the Phuck out me!!! skills!!
's second story collection, Love Is Power, Or Something Like That, is forthcoming from Graywolf Press in 2013.
Don't do music for your patnas to listen to. Do music for the world to listen to.
why can't I tag you?
Great! Hope to see you at our first event - 8/17 at 7 pm!
Tonight! “What I Want My Words to Do to You” • 7pm • $10 Tickets (benefits Rape Crisis and “V-Day Spotlight Campaign”)
Search for missing Fox movie executive continues
I'm from WI born and raised but I love the Bears too! Unfortunate that Cutler tore his MCL :'(
Santorum captures my heart when he talks about founding docs.
I signed up to the #Mamavation #2WeekChallenge. Very Excited!!
Businesses in Orlando! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer38
You've become a regular King addict! Do you have a fav yet?
Oh you can finally use instagram? Pfff guess I'll switch to the whatever's hip.
and I happen to be watching "A Dangerous Method" on DVD today.
Alert. If u'd like to be interviewed TMW for forward-looking nat'l AP story on American attitudes heading to 2012, DM/email me:
what is up with all these shootings/armed gunmen on college campuses?!?
Happy v day
Renaming the Seoul Gyopo Guide to Waycool Waygook in Seoul
One woman lost her home, clothes, medication, and important documents in a raging Bed-Stuy fire this afternoon. Watch the full story at 8pm.
Michigan knocks down the 3.
want me to find a newer one or are you going to do that for #middriftmonday ?
Today, in many parts of Latin America, it's "el dia de la amistad," honoring ALL your loved ones that's celebrated.
"It's Ravenstown" has got us rockin on #PURPLEFRIDAY in the A-Town! #BALTIMORE STAND UP!!
Was awesome bro: great job at another fun installment!
Who would of thought rubber duckies would be so difficult to find #fail of the day.
Told mom if she saw anything crazy in the movie to not reject me cause it was an accident. Dont think thatll work for booty shaking though..
Need help preparing your taxes? Don't forget our FREE Vita tax sites are open! Need additional info? Call 973.733.3460
sweet dreams LOL
A2 Good is good enough for the sheeple, Personal Mastery is necessary for long term success
TERRIBLE experience Pharmacy last night in bmore, md, severe physical allergic reaction and ignored by pharmacist and staff!
totally didn't see that coming!!
We could use a boost today
I like being alone so much better than being in a relationship.
Just finished eating
Sometimes I really hate people. Except for you bcuz you're not real.
lol , how is your fall break going??
Why do they keep showing these kids in these swimming suits on RHWNJ?
awesome product! Should I expect reddit thing's I've read on the ipad to show as read using web client? doesn't seem synch'd
i love best person eva love this girl
You should add me on Facebook
Chase your Dreams but beware of the guillotine, show your talent in the land of the foulnes.
I cuss a lot... its a hard habit to break.
Solis Energy is back from the Distributech Expo! Lots of ideas and new partnerships! Solis Energy..... solutions for a better tomorrow!!
does anyone speak Spanish? please help me :)
Make a wrong turn in the Warner Brothers lot and you'll be lost for days.
what?! What was that a form for?
You should make a new blog post every day, man. ;)
yea kid home all weekk.. ehh im down i guess
Betsey you should do something with us. Asians love you!
IS there any reason why doesnt have a blu-ray player in every macbook pro and mini?
I seen that lol . Do you want me to call now
You'll never understand how much I love you. & still care for you.
Anyone know of a place in Pt. Loma where you can get a good, hot pretzel?
With a ton of chronic so we blazed that shit till I woke up...best dream ever!
You know u were buzzed the night before when u find the peanut butter in the refrigerator..oopsies
ha, woow. well aren't you sweet. c:
I love my gf no matter hw mch we fight no matter hw mch she gts mad at me id die 4 her.i shd tears for her if i almost lose her.i love her
Rain_Cosmetics: Our next Battle of the Brushes will be on August 25th.. The top #Vegas salons and #makeup artists will compete!
REALLY pleased with how the Messiah went yesterday- my best one yet! Dinner with Tom afterwards topped of a wonderful day : )
Thanks for the follow. Could you cover #ChicagoLocalGuide app that features all foodtrucks' tweets and map at your blog?
Don't you speak english just like I do. Im just saying
Time to be a Brewers fan I guess.
driving over the grapevine drinking truck stop coffee & listening to #grouplove. prunetucky bound for turkey & family.
seems the majority -- even kids!!! -- of America is spoiled and lazy. And unappreciative of what we have. :-)
heard you on and you were awesome!
don't even think about it jaime. tiger is a reformed man, he doesn't do those things anymore!
you will book this!
Both brother! RT : both fridays? Shit son.
awh your horrible Dawg .... but I'm not telling you anything anymore nor am I showing I wasn't supose to show u but shit
i so want ice cream right now that would be GREAT
Congrats on the new book, Henry, looks terrific!! Stay well! :o)
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty
feed back has been awesome! It's in stores, getting great reviews. What more can i want. To do another as soon as possible!!
2 chainz is actually a coo rapper doe
Straight to the hospital... As if everything else isn't bad enough in my life.
actually i dont have it. :/ sorry bro. Btw....i want my shades back haha (:
So fun! #imissnyc RT : you had dinner with Sam champion?? I love him!
Uploading now!
Haha im not sure if those are in order of awesome-ness..... It is a pretty small feature in my opinion as well
Yep. I've found that it gets worse as I get older. Luckily I lived the first few decades allergy-free.
How did I miss the start of season 2?! Thank God for #onDemand!
we are the largest Christian music webzine out there. I want be sensitive to your not wanting to be pigeonholed
yes than k u :) I ll dm u my adresse
we miss you too!!
guess who woke up singing bel biv devoe this morning!
'what would Jesus say..." LOL!
I'm On My #KingShit Bitch
awesome(: where abouts?
Thank you participants! The correct answer was F.C. Kerbeck! Winners will be notified. We will meet you back next week for more
thanks for the follow! #Splash :)
LeBron James is one gigantic loser. He didn't shoot once in the fourth till they were down 16. Avoids pressure.
Great songs! Tennessee Christmas is a favorite of mine!
RAD! It's like a beatnik version of me that eats souls! *hug* I love you, Sweet Soul-Eating Sister... ;)
Starbucks & The Vow <3
Ugh, why would the #Cubs re-sign Rodrigo Lopez?!
": thanks for the info" -no prob! ^_^
Overheating can increase SIDS risk. Avoid over-bundling & dress baby in lightweight sleep clothing
i googled "lord of the fries". all i have to say is, thank you
I am glad my love doesn't smell like a Marlboro factory. My ex was a living conduit of tobacco... Gross bitch...
I caught it a day late myself. Love to see all the new tweeps!
Thx I was surprised too! Hehe ;) #RGIII RT : You're already getting a shout out from 1 of the hottest commodities in football?
where u at ? i misses you.
International investors may consider the E-2 Non-Immigrant Visa and/or the EB-5 Immigrant Visa. Need more information? Contact me.
3 (ish) mile run during lunch and then hip hop class. I am exhausted.
it's pretty nice to see them still winning games convincingly despite the injuries. DRose looks like he's back anyway.
Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love to win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub!
I just playd the W-S/Hampton Antelope on a juke box. I may not still be here when it plays, but I am leaving all the dudes with a gift
I can't help but eat spaghetti like an animal sorry 👐
Had a great party last night!! Book your own at www.prbynatalie.com!!
Promised my son good tix by Brewers dugout for Tues night and can't find any.. Help!
whoops wrong person whats up?!
how many times do they pay the xmas in hollis?
well not bought, i got a free one obviously
Now I can't fall asleep because it's so fucking hot it my room
Hi Rick, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Hey Arsenal--your spot in Europe isn't God-given. If you don't earn if, you don't get it.
Ask her about her day, every day. Share the highs and lows.
Unfortunately so many media funders will not support history docs. Certainly several could be livelier. But...
That is a little awkward. They probably think you're coming on to them. At least those boys probably. #TreadCarefully. =P
If u think u ugly post a pic on instagram
A huge thanks to the staff at Suffolk University who helped make last night a success! Thank you!!!
Thank you to everyone who came out for our grand opening on Saturday - what a fantastic turnout!
Didn't realize Black Friday shopping was a science or an art...or a scientific art. Either way, props to Nicole for the 411.
New coal giant Mozambique faces rising public anger
Diego is still at home...
Hey, I love you most :p
if i found out my son was bullying i'd make his life a living hell for months....i'd fill all his shoes with mayonnaise
Saw a commercial for a book that solves 10,000 everyday problems. Why would you want to solve everyday problems someone elses way?
You're gonna look great.
Holy cow it's beautiful outside. Great weather for the grill party! Yay!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
National Police backs national ID system - Business Mirror
"Caselaw as silver bullet approach" of summer/new associates. Related to Google effect. Need to teach indices/TOC.
Be yourself and don't let what other people think effect who u truly are
Getting ready to rock the rackworkout...
#Marlins up on the #Giants 3-1 headed into bottom of the 8th...3 runs a TITANIC ACHIEVEMENT for this Marlins team.
Don't forget to come watch our weekly hula show at 1 p.m. today, with Hui Lanakila. A really great keiki hula group!
7-4-83 Tulsa, Magnum TA and Hacksaw Duggan b Ted DiBiase and Mr.Olympia for Mid South tag titles.
Mobile Transcript - Read, review & annotate your deposition transcripts with the tap of your finger on your iPad
now that you mention it.....
On this breaking news in Licking Co...2 dead and 1 injured in shooting
Follow DC's OLDEST #DV shelter providing programs to break the cycle of abuse, empower survivors
Why not?
Am I a psycho for laughing when people get hurt?
I'm hungry what you got to eat !
Is early 90s guitar fuzz + girl/boy vocals the 'classic rock' of gen x?
Nice to meet you :) Thanks for following.
The Avengers was so kickass !
I have a cold in my eye.</3
Goin to the aquatic center in a few. Hmu if you wanna go.
It does if you're George Lucas (or the Tarantino Brothers) "Faster and more intense!"
I'm hearing is where to be every Tues and Thurs...Great place to take the kids and catch great talent from
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.-- Albert Einstein
About to go ballistic on the Virus TI!
why aren't you going?
:) thanks for playing!
Jealous. Although I did drink a couple margaritas outside tonight.
I actually think you misspelled pizza... I spelled it just fine.
It's not too late to be in Las Vegas and secure a room at a great discount price visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com
Happy Labor Day! Looking forward to Autumn.
Pats did good for themselves in rnd 1. But they still have work to do. Jones and Hightower can't do it by themselves. That D was atrocious
#ItSeemsLike no one cares...
Sounds like you're Asian.
I wish I could have seen tonight.
We all can't always do great things, but we can do small things with great love.
Nyquil is my best friend tonight
Just got home from some r&r in the Bluegrass state. Missing my Mom on Mother's Day- RIP.
they can't handle your awesomeness :)
Knew I had the target audience - non-readers to give Q is for Quarry to when they asked me if I was Sue Grafton.
Now Asa in the box, so no jammer for Maulers, but now back block for Natasha (jammer), so Asa released, no lead jammer, and lots of slop!!
I feel the same way about slugs and they don't even bite. No shame!
[Eph4]There is one Body+Spirit & FatherGod desire us to forbear eachother in love+work to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
Yeah, it's pretty tight, not gonna lie, keep up the good work!
There are a lot of Reeds in town.
How's the crowd?
Oh gheeze! Thanks for getting in contact and a big thanks for the #FF! See you at the race??
Great night last night Sweet time of worship and prayer. So enjoyed it.
There may or may not be a bar singalong to I Am Real American happening
Thanks for the #FF mention!
I could use one of those right now
I Have been giving props to a lot today at the UX immersion conference in portland. Surprised more ux folks don't use.
That is a hell of a throw by Ben.
I guess I shuld forget it n be cool
surprised that i haven't already, but im gonna start reading Room 317. i heard its amazing :)
finally on twitter
^PH Remember: after burgers & dogs, come Turbo Kick the calories off this evening 6-7p.
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears form the eyes of woman. — Ludwig van Beethoven
Nothing fancy. Lol just regular clothe. I didn't even straighten my hair. (: I look #hawt lol
omg this makes me thinl of kids at gms hm???
Hmm, u should come to Chicago!:)
FACEBOOK PAGE IS UP
any news about gov threat to state teachers b4 their convention this week?
"Kanye taught me, not only is Ham delicious, but you can go it"
Wearing my shirt today. Man I miss football. :(
If I had it I would give you some. I am the way I am because I want to see you all eat. It's all for the people who sweat for me.
She says a mans dick should fit in the palm of his hand from one end out to the longest finger give or take. Its tru for me.
Don't make us have to come bail you out of jail! ;)
This is everything I needed to hear right now
“ They can no longer control you, hurt you, or hinder you once you forgive 'em... #TheSW”
Is it really that tough to admit that being a wealthy stay-at-home mom isn't the same thing as raising kids and punching a clock?
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises.. so if you screw me over, you're fucked, & that's a promise. :)
Happy to be part of the 10,000 around the world! Awesome.
Listening to WKCR.org play Sonny's music on his 80th BDay today. Newk today and everyday!
RT : Just got food from Pollo Tropical.. #Fact ---- firee ass food xD!
if there is anyway you could make it to lex for the final 4, I suggest it. There is just a buzz on campus that is unreal
you HAVE to? anyone else there..?
Yes, and maybe the DH subgroup examples can extend options for wider practice
Rough morning
Good one. Or, Oniffa!
MY PROFILE PIC AKA MY ALBUM COVER JUST DOUBLE CLICK ON IT TO MAKKE IT LARGE
awww! So precious :) thank you for sharing! I love their hats!
Truth #acadv RT : Whatever your major, experiences will make a difference.
Thanks for hosting The Village Parents panel at the VLP once again! We love having you!
almost 10:30, feeling a little, -yawn- o.
hehe- lucky you! Mine plant their faces on the keyboard.
Please Please Please play Chocolate tonight in Indy. :)
The show was excellent, but I got back from Tulsa at 1:30 AM. I am up and back on the road.....because that's what you do
hey how are you?
My wife has me watching it every now & then! SMH!
in the category of #ThingsThatShouldntGiveMeAnxietyButDo: I just opened new jar of PB and the foil didn't come off in one piece
This is the day that never ends.
I'm glad to see more and more people coming on-board. The Co-Operative is the only fair way of doing business.
Company Profile for InRule Technology, Inc.
>>>>>SCREAMING REAL LOUD>>>>> HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U DP!!! THANKS FOR MAKING ME LAUGH AND SMILE FROM DAY TO DAY.
#dragrace Phi Phi O'Hara all the way!!! that crown belongs to her!!!!!!
Ya got good taste. You'll have to come do full contact kegstands with us if you make it out to the PNW.
I want my bed. Beat. Awesome day.
unbelievable right
I do too
Thanks for the profile, Joanna! Much appreciated :)
Trimet says Blue and Red lines back on normal schedule.
Hadn't seen tv news in so long, I'm wondering if the anchors on the today show are drunk or if they always act giddy?
Always good catchin up & working out with :)
thinking bout you RT : Wonder what doing.
Ideas and leadership -- not natural or social 'forces' -- are the prime movers in human affairs
keeps giving me kisses.. Gross ;( I wish it was one of you ladies ;)
let's go do something!
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear
I'm fighting "party voice" today... too much yelling & cheering idol last night.
hahah yes i did.
You guys are so freaking awesome when we hit 1000 we are gonna party no lie!
Congrats! Hope you enjoyed!
that's pretty interesting stuff for sure...
I like HSN but they take entirely 2 long to ship. I shldnt have to wait 2 days b4 my package even ships
"i like my sugar with coffee and cream"
RLEC to hold collectible, antique sale
It's sad when people realize what they really want when it's too late.
Goodnight , I love you ❤😘
Communication about planning meetings currently enabled through listservs, moderated by
Congrats dude! RT : The fact that I graduate college tomorrow is unreal to me
Is it normal to still like your ex?
I wonder if I have any contacts at Webtrends? Might help my chances of being their next Client Services Training Manager.
The Girl asked Hubby to the Snow White movie for her. She told me this morning she practiced her steps during the movie to the music.
Affordable Motors Announces Development of Honda&#39;s Traffic Detection Technology
It wasn't until about 6 months ago that I realized I can't breathe out of one nostril. Prob been like that for years. Odd.
not much, afterall only 72% of Americans support the law...
Shout outs to who wrote a dope record and is working with on a single for the summer.
actually yes, but i will not be in NYC to teach this year, just passing through.
We can't wait to welcome you back to Hotel Carlton! See you soon!
you're not going to convert everyone, but the ones you do, will thank you for life.
Laying down guitar tracks. Guitar center tomorrow. Gimme a song to cover
I'm probably the only Ecuadorean that dresses up as Santa Claus need to get the outfit for this year, ho ho ho tomorrow NYC with the fam
i miss you maddie stanley! :(
just checking in for the day
hello how are u
What's up with amares hair
1. I don't live the party life 2. I told my mom not to pay my rent because I have the money,she told me to save my money. STFU
Join us for the 3rd Thurs. Community Mixer at the Hilton Garden Inn (Elk Grove) on April 21st. Network with professionals,win prizes,& more!
Just arrived in Minneapolis for a 2-day immersion before #aam2012. Lightness of spring air, clouds limned with pink. Very sweet.
Stuck between a rock and hard place & dont kno which direction to turn !
Now that is too funny. Wishing you good luck! RT : They say you are what you eat. I need to eat a skinny 30 year old woman.
I love my friends, but they are killing me with their ongoing foolishness about gay marriage and the bible, and David, etc., etc.
I need you
When the technician has huge boobs and she leans over to massage the legs and my feet press right into the boobs.
Why, oh WHY, did Mizzou have to lose the last game against kU??!
I ate a sandwich with muenster cheese on it, and now I have The Munsters theme song in my head. Damn you, nick at nite
the election is not the only or most opportune time to organize & make demands. Still haven't learned from 2008
Happy to help!
if RT this i'll by his K.i.D Logo Hoodie Navy Colorway!!:) leggo!
Yes. I would say I had a little too much fun last night.
We fail to shine if we are not aware of our legacy...we should be proud of what we leave behind....kids, books, art, love.
If you're looking for photo's from the #100 Days event in Times Square check out
Good day, all! Hope you're enjoying productive a Friday, whether work or play.
Looking for more Street Team members!!! If your interested then put your age and side of town you live on!!! ~RAQ~
Excellent idea. Your scarf striking poses.
supposed to hang out*
Absolutely unbelievable hockey game. There is no better sport in the world.
Thanks for the RT!
That's what I was thinking! For you, Anthony, I think the blue.
Any cruise lines that you recommend for children?
I've got some dumbbells you can borrow, and keep eatin your Wheaties
same here!
we love our neighbor :)
The thing about it is, all those races we lost, we won this race together. We won it as a team - Dale Earnhardt
I honestly don't know how anyone can stand to be around
karmas a bitch. Come watch the #coachellalive stream with me. I can't believe I'm seeing at the drive in play right now.
I just want to have a LAN party now.
Haha isn't at school so therefore I'm leaving early....
needs editors, whether sourced from community or internal. quality of content declining.
Never ever make fun of your partner.
So excited to find out is coming back to Indianapolis!
my friend Meagan coon said "I like his voice, he's a pretty boii(;" she said it after I show her you Adele video(:
Is your child enthusiastic about music?
“: hey ladies FYI: 14 days away from #MissRiver12 trip! #motorcycles #chicsthatride #epicrides” It will be glorious
Fake Tough Ass Pussy Niggas <<<<
uhmm shouldnt u be in bed!?!
I Keep Promising My Self Too Have A Twitter Addiction Again...But Im Soo Busy ! -.-
goodbye my love :I♥
I thought they were rolling this out, we still mostly use ustream.
In san antonio. My last name must be spelled "Merfy" it keeps happening.
That was a long day.
I just wish this cheese was melted... It's to messy..
chores to do
China made a bad policy decision. Disaster will come.
Stayed up late again tonight... Oh well.
why were you watching it
xD No worries...same here!
it ain't official until its facebook official and if they don't have a facebook, run cuz they are hiding something lol
good choice! :)
Been in a lot of pain all day. Hope tomarrow is a much better one. Dam zombies
Happy Thanksgiving!
Any Time I Kiss A Boi His Dick Gets On Hard Lol
"Even if everyone you ever cared about left you, love can come back into your life because of the empty tomb." <3
Nice writing /Good luck w sinus /Thanks for the Philly drink offer / and ? Great name:)
« Aye!.RT : I know how to cook so my lady wont have to :)» lol what im suppose to cook for u again
I overall try to look for the good in people but majority are fucked up in the head & pure evil.
.....and Betty Jo will keep u in stitches for hours.....
You know when you do a big event and think you'll have a few days to breathe after? Nope. Nopey nope nope.
for u to tell me happy birthday would b so amazing plz
How can you love me if you don't know I exist? </3
Happy birthday to my very good friend and occasional soulmate Now get back to Chicago so I can buy you some shots.
get me a gray hoodie! I'll pay you back.
How the hell do you let a blind guy escape from your military prison?
On that no gravity level
Hangin at lovin us some Emily Rose. So good.
I also love stars!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Dentek Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
Thanks for the follow. My son is a cpa. Busy time for you guys.
i guess i gotta show u some real gangsta
Currently listening to: Soundgarden--"Power Trip"
Didnt get any sleep last night why am I at school right now??
Informative webcast I'll be looking for the link to re-watch it.
I'm sorry, but did I mention that it makes no damn sense?
to , favorite food you ask? spaghetti and giant meat balls! It went unmentioned but,dessert: captain crunch sundays with fudge!
Tune IN Hot 91.1 NOW check out
I MUST BE BLIND & DEAF.... MB IS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND ON THE 106 STAGE.
happy birthday nava! I'll have to come down to see you in April!
awesome, thanks! Just bought 'em!!!
god bless Cali got love 100
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen --> You Have A Cut Or Bruise On You And It Doesnt Hurt Til You Notice It =/
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you got FINE written all over you! ;)
LOL, Thank you. Glad to be back. “: Welcome back from the dead ”
ITS GAMEDAY!!! Coach Dunn and the Fins face stetson at 230 in the Semifinals! #fearthefin #maconmadness Let's Do Work!!
Bed frame with 3-setting showcase lights came in. Tacky?
LOL sometime after August when the new cd come out
obbssessed with french now!!! i have to learn french. bonjour!
I get lonely too.
Is there a secret Algren handshake?
Who's the one man who can turn the predictable nature of the with one appearance? Welcome back
________ makes you say 'ah'
I'll fill you gentlemen in at some point. better photos coming soon. worth a thousand words.
always been interested in acupuncture. What has been your experience so far?
I got a new iPod recently cause I dropped my old one & the screen cracked haha
Cultural hub for learning community
Much love to my tweeps!
Let's do another. Shall we?
A good day, started some homework, worked out, and had a good lunch. Now relaxing at home.
Sivaaaaa , Jay is cheating on you with Nath!
9 hours...time is also an issue
At work , AGAIN (:
Yeah I want to know how crediting my account for next year is fair? If 1 game is canceled I'm done for 2 seasons minm!
MERRY CHRISTMAS YA'LL
Fuck wat u heard is the shit bumping lose my mind yea buddy
IU’s Elinor Ostrom among Time’s 100 most influential people
I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?"
KSON RADIO Happy Valentine's Day! Love 'Em or Leave 'Em ... share your makeup and breakup stories! 619-570-1973
Going to get some Starbucks with my babe :)
Thinking many don't even do that. And still, no documented issue ever. It's really kind of silly.
Refreshing for over an hour - loyal or certifiable. It's really a very small line. Nobody ever said Raider fans are sane! :D
Hi Syd! Life is good - we need to catch up soon - how are you?
My toothpaste went to Princeton. It came back. But it came from Princeton
Don't blame me, blame JAZZERCIZE! RT : I now have a not so secret yearning to teach aerobics and i'm blaming you.
Gosh I want some more fried fish.
Drink all day play all night , I'm in Miami triiiickkk.
HAHA LOL O_O ILL TELL U Y THEY R SO MESSED UP IF U TELL ME Y U DID THAT 2 MANNI o;
I just want to love you >>>>
Can you free me from theses words and let me forget...
Q3) Some times it isn't a "training" problem. Go get the star players!
3) Ariana was in a Broadway play called……
Jazzin' up the joint with Emme St. James in Staunton - Staunton News Leader
Yep. So, hopefully people will be able to learn from this first one that they too can present at the next one.
Why must the enjoyable people be the ones not available to enjoy?
something smells good #SUCCESS is my cologne
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if someone would make a teleportation machine!
Yes. I love my co-workers, but getting them to Tweet something is proving to be difficult.
Gym time !
It has been said, "Follow your heart, for the heart never lies."
1-day color sale tomorrow, 7/2/09. All single sided, 8.5x11 PhotoWhite Paper copies or prints only 39¢. Mention you heard it on Twitter.
Hahahaha this commercial for the MTV Movie Video Awards >>>>
RT“ #Aquarius #pisces relationship can be successful, provided both make an effort”
You understand me? I have said enough?-Paracelsus
haha what songs is it?
That is a better sign than an editor saying, "I'm having a hard time editing this story without using profanity..." ;)
i guess i can hook it up for you lol
So glad you made it through, thanks again for being there yesterday!
that's the motivation for projects like
Roadtrip, where are you?
man, I'm developing quite a list. Feel like over here.
Sorry I haven't been on lately! I have been busy with school, homework, & I just came back from vaca. I promise I will try to be on more! :)
I hope its Carolina and Louisville in the championship. Then Louisville wins! That's my team! :-)
We already ran out of Pumpkin Spiced Ale! Looks like we'll have to brew at least three batches next year...
when you start your blog point all your social media accounts there. You see how I have it in my twitter profile?
haha my familyknows that having lunch two hours after planned is a tradition. :)
On days like this, the streets of soma are worthy of a photograph
All students deserve to learn in a safe environment. High school teachers say #ItGetsBetter: youtu.be/R1zJKZgGXcE
Where my main at?
i hate the new twitter.
(tear tear)
Great way to win a game Elliot! If you ever get the chance to link your tweets to Facebook please do!
and did she say i should tell you when i'm coming to visit & invite you out to have drinks with us in some cool decatur place?
send updated resumes to
DAMN I CAN COOK THESE PANCAKES ARE SO FLUFFY
ok here is the contest details
same, spring market was strong, now going into summer.. going to drop off some, but Hppens every time this year. Good luck!
Kenny G.
Gettin this shirt wit vashia , they need to hurry the fuck up
Goodnight everyone! Hope you have a great Wednesday!
Watching tron weird so far but i kind of like it
Washington was richest man in America in 1790s, but was Prez b4 WH was built so ur prob right. Let's hope he isnt in WH
I'm at the Doubletree too and armed w/ good parking pass. If u have transport needs for GRN materials, lemme know!
I love Chanandler Bong.
Just going to claim it....comedy is my thing....just has a great workshop with Emily (Annie) Bates of Emily Schweber Casting!
i love love love love love love love gingers!!!!! <3
I met Telly last night while freezing my butt off cheering on the Brewers @ Wrigley! GO BREWERS!
Gonzalez in Oak Park, Michigan looking for Machine Builders, Electricians, & Pipefitters! Resumes to
Oh yeah!
Can't wait to see what you come up with RT : Presenting my 2012 Marking & Communication plan for this morning....
Peace and #BLESSINGS to the soldiers.
So can u?
I will hack your twitter boy, I still have it👍
A lateral move isnt the best one- esp. when it increases cost. I agree somthng needs to be don. Give them help not rhetoric.
Are u sure ur not being stalked or something like that
Stop on by and receive 10% off of your tab this week by using the secret phrase "SHOP ON SOUTHPORT" just for our #CHIchat friends!
Pekovic is smashing this season.
let me put it to you this way: if you're from mentor, rapping is not for you. give a kid a booth and they think they're talented.
yes u can leave ur seat! If tour sneaky haha. security let me stay in that area rest of the nite:)
NEW SOCIAL NETWORK. LISA FRANKIFY.
yes it was :)
RT : I'm a careless driver 🚗 <--aka no one get in a car with you 😖
thank you :)
Amen!RT : Why are olive oil bottlers exempt from law that requires all ingredients to be listed in order of occurrence on label?
Me: Alright, I need to look really good tomorrow!! My Hair: I don't think so.
one of my most anticipated albums of 2012... New 👍
Beware!! His game is afoot! LOL
whee maybe the tea soup and the oolong four seasons tea is a bit much on the caffeine in castro #texaninSF come visit :-)
We focus mainly on Twitter--better (and more) conversations in our field happen here than the other networks.
the ones I met are. Maybe it's you...
he walked out with Floyd Mayweather carrying his belts before the Mayweather Cotto fight and he's in his corner. So random.
That's hilarious
I would love to see MU vs Missouri sweet 16
And it's official... just signed a contract w #FluxDesign for remodel!! #STOKED! More info coming soon...
Alyson looks incredible this morning:) Good morning Aly:)
why is my dog barking tho?
#YouCanGetIt if you really want it, but you must try and try. You'll succeed at last.
Are you waiting for me text you? Oh please be the one to break first.
Me either New York is so MINDLESS! :D follow back!
That is an excellent find!
I'm buzzzzzzin. Too many random shuffles in my drink ;)
its so quiet! ):
LOVE PRINCETON FOREVA
ok I'll buy that! I agree! What would you do?
If you do a little each day it will amount to a lot before you know it.
The Prime Minister was rockin' the sport coat.
weight training 1. 11-1150 TTH that's what I am taking :)
70's-80's outbreak horror flicks to see: 'Shivers' --a parasitic infection turns victims into sex-starved psychos-- intrueging
Thank you for spending quality time with us Your version of "Rolling in the Deep" at our studios was glorious!
Is saganaki (fried cheese) StraightEdge? It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it. The alcohol evaporates>>StraightEdge?
Whatchu want me to say?.........I WAS HIGH!
“: Design for mobile first. Hmm. #lib10steps” do u agree?
looking forward to an awesome event on 4/21 at Lakeside, going to be a beautiful day with a great live band! Thanks hosting!
Be still my heart...
i hate that i love you so much everyday i see you make me smile but i remember what you did to me
he's buying all of your albums. I made a believer out of him. I swear; top 5 living rappers right here. I tell everyone. Fuck it.
Be the change that you want to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
Crying red and gold tears right now.
Update: Productive week in New York Meetings, photo shoots, NYC nightlife Fun fun fun
was cutting tracks for five hours today that's what's up
oh no A player on the DL. Having one player on the DL must suck... Did you see my closers/bench?
Just realized is following me. Go Ricki.
Goodluck to and for the cutest canine in America contest! You have my vote :)
it is hot as god knows what in they house!! Too hot!
When all else fails and no one is around I always got the Wayans Bros...
The worst thing about Texas being in the World Series is we'll be forced to look at Dubya's dumb mug behind home plate on TV.
hehehe have fun driving yourself nuts with the forecast!
Hope you feel better soon, Rob.
It's better to end a relationship while we still care about and love each other than to end it after we hate each other.
Alway's Pleased to hear from yOu!!!
"There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do." Explorer Freya Stark
Do you have your free ebook “The Ultimate Consumer Guide to Personal Injury Cases in Florida” from Syfrett & Dykes?
Yes Suns as well.
My Texans taking it to the Colt!
Good morning everyone. Super exciting news about a special #purplestridemke guest coming soon!
The jiggle came after my POST about #kochbros Konspirators confirms the old adage,"Vultures of a Feather FLOCK Progressives TOGETHER!"
i know its a lie
Come on #CATS!
Salma and Sonia wave at Corinne. :) How are you?
I hope all my Followers have a great weekend!! And enjoy the Race tonight!!
To fit in, I ordered a soy raspberry mocha. But I still believe that's a fat people's drink.
That's a great tattoo!
Who's ready for BlueMonster merch? Keep you eyes open for some sweet shirts.
I should go to sleep !
for the first time ever, it's my roommate who's singing when she thinks I can't hear. But I can. Love me some
Dear where art thou today brother ??
Made yummy homemade souffles today! :) M Shared them with the landlord- which makes me a model tenant!
I always thought the girls that tweeted about how much they love their life and their boy were annoying....now I know why they do it.
"so... do you like to party?" "nah i just do ignorant hood rat shit with my friends at the fuckin mall"
To all our new followers stay tuned please we are working hard we promise ! 2 new songs done working on the last one new pics/merch soon!
apparently coaching in the SEC is too tough on him, but he'll be ok in the big 10. Much easier gig I guess
Kool aid smile back :)RT : waving and a Kool Aide smile here sexy
I laid down in my hotel bed...and I can't get up.
It's a "power players" edition with K.A. Jabbar, fmr WH press sec Dana Perino (ABSOLUTELY abysmal) & an education guy.
the ppl
Cloud lockers and streaming is key but the next big thing in music discovery and consumption is going to be social. Rdio is on to something.
The refs ejected Rondo after bumping the ref. It was a 50/50 ball that should have been a jump ball.
kk i will
My friend might be able to give you some advice?
uhh yes I did!
it's working for me! I look, feel and hear better. Down 12 lbs. 6 days in.
Like James Starks, but he's not the greatest pass blocker I've ever seen.
its all good. When you coming back over?
So on my way to work a guy tried to holla at me... I was thinking hm clearly I don't have a car how would we go on a date the bus boy bye!
of course! Your jewels are stunning. I covet them all!
Like, I'm so sunburnt that it hurts to walk.
Rise n grind! Lots to do on aMonday morn. <3
i love watchin debates
#MMAF2012 It's About the Strategy Around the Device!! Consumer behaviors - MMA Forum Singapore!!!
OK Soren, I'll wait until later..
No, there is no polite way to ask for a DJ's playlist. It shows lack of respect and laziness.
When a dog pukes in your shoe while smelling them it's hard not to take it as a sign that it might be time for some Odor Eaters.
Aye :] Twitting !
y'all cutting another one?
you asked
I am :0) I can watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday. Lisa got fired! Yes! Ding Dong. The wicked witch is gone.
ha! I was jealous.
sweet. Gotta see that one!
dude don't act like you're not thrilled to death!!!!
are u moving?! Please don't leave San Antonio D':
what the what? Was it a robot stick meter?
too early to sleep. That's not very #suckergirl. Lol. Goodnight k-money
Thanks for the follow.. can you run me a nern?!
I shoot low 40's on most front nines then mid 50's on the back nine, any advice on whys this is happening. very frustrating
Good morning! The weekend is finally here(:
not yet.. Soon though... Daemion wasnt feeling good earlier and took a nap.. He's still up..ah, the life of a 4 year old
I'm getting off of twitter, crap. That's too much tweeting for one night
I sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent and now he'll never have any friends.
I know
In bed on a Sat not by choice!
I dont believe you
We are looking forward to it as well, Chris.
pre pro pre pro pre pro!!!!!!! I cant believe we leave in 6 days!
How'd your boys like the Avengers last night? Who was their favorite?
join the song of the redeemed as throngs of Elders worshipping give your heart and lift your hands let's re dig those wells...
Such a unique sound. Do you guys have an album/EP out right now?
lazy! Anyways yeah in feeling weak and stuff. #dontknowwhy 😥
I want to see The Sitter on Friday
Pleeeeeze - don't infuse unnecessary proprietary-ness nonsense to ! congrats !
I WANNA GO TO PLANET WALIEN ND EAT ICE CREAM :) <3
got some music for you... Bout to hit your email in a few
thanks for the Retweets!
I want to factory reset my phone, but I'm still scared.
I hate how people act different when they are around certain people.
Great wine and beer tasting going on tonight 6-8pm upstairs Ripple Inn Broadripple - $15 includes appetizers and live jazz.
#WFUD12 Journalists are terrified when they hear about rules. Just talking about fair use can be a chilling effect.
Watched #madmen. Am I crazy or is #dondraper's house the same set as the Bachelor Party movie with Tom Hanks?!?
shout out to my little brother who just got jimmy johns delivered to my house and paid for it.
it better have been good and packed full of se
Your freaken awesome
Stop thinking about what that other person's going to say or think. They weren't concerned when you were with them! Be yourself and LIVE!~RM
What % of the total US income tax should the top 10% of Americans pay? What do you guys think is fair? 50% 75%? more? less?
I remember when all the girls wore vera bradly to school .lol
Oh shit yea. Can we come? RT : Just picked up all the booze for tonight, courtesy of ! Woo!
Yoooo...send that LMFAO type joint when you can bruh to #$lightWork
So bummed I lost my Headers fidora :(
cannons being launched straight into the tornado :)
she irks me too. I should have not killed Kaiden in ME1.
nice job. Really a cool project and a great user experience.
A girl, no matter how many times she denies it, she will always remember every detail, memories & moment you've left her.
Cutie ;D
At the end of the day if she doesn't feel the same way all you can do is say, "atleast I tried". Life goes on we get tougher
Me: preston do my fries taste better than mcdonalds? Preston: yes they do! Congratulations daddy!
that's awesome!
OMG! That sounds amazing :) Post pics please!
Rihanna stoled your word.."BOOM"
Can't wait to go back to school<3 and see everyone(:
#tweetyourbrasize would ya dare
Congratulations to Sibyl G. from S. Jordan, UT for winning a free #nuvoh2o salt-less water softener. Sibyl entered at the Utah State Fair.
Yum. Hungry now.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. When you get the lesson - you've really won.
Learn to make yourself happy ^-^
I think brownies are meant to be under-baked. Yum.
really? its not for me and i searched his name and pressed on and it sayed it didnt exist,thi is wierd
Is it too late? We can have coffee and chat about our trip ;)
I will tell you that Bob's natural health doc says the best way is boiled, but eggs, period, are great!
Lovers: I have a #free show tonight at Hollywood Studio Bar + Grill at 8:30 with the hilarious and others.
'droopy still doing his thing #letsgo !
not the same patts. but i will for sure be visiting during the summer. :P
Fuck this class
I've got 2 shows opening this week! Gibraltar at Plays & Players and Sam-Gam BAM! with Group Motion, Headlong, and 3 Aksha at the Mandell!!!
My brother just got an assist in his hockey game- winning 7-0!!
The Google homepage is the best ever today saturday
At the rodeo to see zz top
A wise panther once said, "Those who seek instant gratification will eventually get no gratification."
Why travel halfway around the world to listen to the same radio station and call the same people? Glad about updates!
okay, my "Zachary COIF!"
When coming up with your #StartUp, make sure you stay away from "Shiny Object Syndrome" and stick to what counts.
he must be using both faces!
I'm high on Nutella
it's going to be an interesting show. their new material is pretty crazy. happy pre-birthday!
Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish Brethren!
GASP! now I'm wondering who is behind the AAFilm Twitter Account. i thought you are someone i know from the LAB....
we sure did, it was great. Thanks again for everything you guys have done this year!
Someone has a Mario coin gather sound as their mail message notification on their phone. I find this extremely awesome, yet annoying.
Really CBA for a really snow filled winter... Hate when there's too much
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a Guinness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
and then some! Let me know next time you're about!
hahah I think you're talking to the wrong person then. is the one with the camera skills
Good evening all - Anyone watch the arca race
#Talking Leads To Another #Conversation, #Walking Gets You To The
RT : Emery says Rodriguez will be a vertical tight end and likes his versatility.
Awesome! thanks!
damn did i leave before it got really good?!?!?!? ill have to finish watching it!!
find us on #facebook ! www.facebook.com/tijerasnaturalproducts
Case of the #Mondays? Come see us for some fro yo to make your day-:)
"what game should I play next?" "moo moo farm." I just realized how stupid I sound.
Honcho Weekend warriors rule - If you don't follow the dibs rule then you aren't a true Honcho Brother
Fyi children's Book Fair outside #CalTrans bldg today.
9/1 Soft Launching of FilmBernco's new website featuring Actors and Models living in NM. Invite only. Email 4 details.
Back to School: Free hair cuts today for school kids between 2-6 p.m at Main Event barber shop on 1701 FM 1960
I think your full name has to be on all official documents and cards so it might be in very small type on licenses. :)
Lying ur way through life will only bring misery & it's compounded when u lie 2 urself 2 the point where u can no longer distinguish reality
I'm BOOKED.
O cutie potential!? I'm going to come have lunch with you :D
"3:33! I wish for a ping-pong table"
Thanks, but it's the community that does the great work -- we just do what we can to help!
Final time.
yeah baby looking to iran for leadership
WOW, fascinating!
Some party these #dumbass neighbors called the cops. ON KIDS!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Cranberry Walnut Pies at Acme! Order yours today! 614-732-2803
Thx! Cheers to you too!
This is very frustrating to me how do u get one of the iconic boyz to follow u like literally how do u do it?
Thank you, Akhila!!
“Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you. The future will take care of itself." -Paramahansa Yogananda
Just (over)ate at the Brazilian steak house.
The first rule of account is you don't talk about who made account :)
This is a weird place, where if you are lucky, at the end they put you in a hole in the ground and give you a stone with your name on it.
stay sober Charlie...stay sober...
great choice!
Man wanted books on learning Windows XP for his wife.
bet. you got the math. hit me up if you do. i still owe you for coming through to the BK Bowl show. meant a lot.
I need to go exchange this dress
Dear #Congress, forget trashing the debt and start getting on businesses and banks to spend more money to HIRE PPL! THAT MIGHT FIX THINGS!
VCU get off my tv you are torturing me. :(
I just really don't want to go back there. Even if it's only for the afternoon.
Yea, girl. But after last year are you surprised? There'll be parties and whatnot though. Will keep you posted.
I'm handsome :P :D ahaah I megohm
Bout to get dressed and head to the Reeve and get something to eat.
perhaps something latent in his delivery etc that was a little more on the surface during his prospect days?
bar hoping with <3
If you fuck with them suckaz you betta duck with them suckaz
Check the new site on your iPhone. That one rate us ad jacks the whole page and covers up your picture and show logo.
thanks for the follow! very flattered :) -lisa
Leaving the shore
