everyone's left the office- time for HEAVY METAL
Another show with Michael Feinstein watching. Always grateful for the chance to play at !
dnt waste my time writing nonsence…> honey stop
ignorance is bliss, ignorance is love and i need that shit.
How you doing today , whats new?
Goodnight twitter:D
A monocle? Yes, I agree that you need that.
Gary surprise bday party downtown.
RT ": We can't change yesterday, but we can make the choice to make today a wonderful day!"
“: The best relationship is when you can lay next to each other and just talk about anything and everything.” 😘
Eeesh... at that point, I would start asking if it's really worth it to use that/those particular font(s).
RT : I'm excited to announce to everyone today that is back!
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't; and a sense of humour to console him for what he is. (Horace Walpole)
Them Big Boys hit hard!!!! Nice finish from Big Ben
get off my dick, dick's too short of a word for my dick. get off my anti-disestablishmentarianism, you prick. I fucking love you #eminem💜❤
A huge ty again to all my #loyals who wished me ahappy 30th! & 2 all who helped me get that bday tweet dream come true <3 it!
Everyone follow a homo
my bad I ain't respond, but I can't call you back.
Come out for Island Night tonight and every Thursday...
Come Like us on
This blows. At my HS reunion and I don't know/remember anyone. Really!?
If you’ve met us at more than one Tamale Thursday location, which was your favorite? Where would you like to see us again?
Portfolio Review panel discussion.
if you dont know what lobbying is you need to get informed especially if you on meds
Cujo Come Home
Come join us on March 7th Loft Stanza in South Philly for our next M.P.E.G. Event
Anyone else w out power in #78704? how long?
and we have 7 study rooms
THANK YOU!
sounds like fun! we're very good workers especially w/ cappuccino
Ryan Miller is injured tonight and will not play for the #Sabres tonight
Whoa... RT : A Baltimore university student killed an intruder with his samurai sword at an off-campus residence.
"I thirst" (John 19:28) Jesus, the Water of Life, dies thirsty.
She wasn't meant for you .
tired of this nigga talking shit about weed. I'mma get him high when he come home from school.
. imy my young prince ^.^
Having a real hard time staying focused in the new apartment. Sensory overload!
Oh Tonia, Tonia, Tonia don't you know you can never go home? ;)
Dude. I've been taking shit about those two for at least a year.
Well, I am recreating a design on the iPad and I cannot use Myriad Pro since it's not on there.
I used to LOVE salmon. I miss it! :-(
: I think people tend to confuse indie publishing in self-publishing. Indie is a small, traditional press like us.
Good Morning Ron! I'm well. How are you doing?
beyond the pale, lies the ass of jasper....so friendly, so inviting. So juvenile.
M.. Why not something people talk about a lot? Like sex or movies or something.
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it. Yes....I'm not ready for this heat, lol
We've had several customers surprised how fast we receive an online authorization form. It usually takes seconds, saves paper, ink & time.
We love feedback! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
OKAY SO IM IN FUCKING SECTION 215 AND THOSE ARE THE WORST SEATS. NO NO NO
yes ma'am...got back wednesday night
We're compiling a book for the 9/11 anniversary. Proceeds go to charity. to "What were you doing on 9/11?"
441996 - icon :10 My favorite number <3 Ur really pretty and u seem cool we should talk more(:
how can you not know #hicktown?????????
hahaha oh my god my dad is hilarious (x
Wetzel's Pretzel!!!! Yum
RT : A4 Lately, I read about job opportunities on Twitter first, websites and email only later.
It's so easy to forget about Twitter...
Who wants to be in my fan video for ??? (:
Thank you much! Definitely miss you guys too. Best group of gals!
That text just made my day, i'm glad he's here regardless.
“ *Fat chick posts a picture on Facebook* "Fresh out the shower (; " Me: "You spelled ocean wrong." omg u know who! :O
...it looks like February out there! Good thing our Friday workout kept us nice at warm!
National Volunteer Week is winding down so join us in a big ol' THANK YOU to all our wonderful volunteers!
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes a common understanding of possibly contentious financial issues.
Mastering driving in oversized wedges.
"Fake polygamy sub shop" is the new "effeminate lemming."
Is anyone interested in playing words with friends? Let's play! My user name is jamiesfc
When the sun comes up im making music making music...
BACK ON DA GRIND!!!
#WackyWednesday when I dropped my toothbrush when I went to go take a pic with you guys so my mom had to buy me a new one!!
It aint no love... not even for them REAL niggas #Fuckem --->
me too Mollie Mae, well done!!!
And now CNN says they've confirmed it's Bin Laden death.
College Night is starting right now! If you can't make it we will have Family Night tomorrow @ 5pm. See you soon :D
": Oh, she wants you? Tell me more about being such a ladies man, virgin." OH WONKA!!! LMAO!
Feeling Cheated <
Collaboration with librarians & archivists could not be stressed more in NEH grant writing session.
Haha thnx. I honestly think that Ivy Blue sounds better though
Get me outta here
good morning Nate! :) Did you sleep well?
First Album coming along great :) Lots on the way 2012.
"We become actors without realizing it, and actors without wanting to." Henri Frederic Amiel
be there soon!!
No, we do not publish that info.
Long time no see, good to see you in passing for 10 seconds! Lol.
most elected officials are. I commented on yesterday. He is so proud to sponsor border security bill.
Hi Avery, hope you enjoy #Whimzle and if you have any questions let us know.
agree! health is the key and x factor in all sports--specifically baseball though because of length of schedule..grueling season
I haven't seen it, doubt he's had a chance to be asked about it/release a statement
Deschutes red chair IPA is quite delightful.
you Stole this from me and mary
Duane Wilson with 25 and Austin Malone-Mitchell with 14 to lead Playground Elite past Nike Team Florida at Nike League.
You're so desperate and pathetic, it's disgusting!
About to watch Immortals. Not expecting it to be good, but hoping it's entertaining!
oh, okay! :) I'm Irene from Spain, you know ;) hahaha
3 new videos are coming to Capes and Claims land! We can't wait!
starting to really want a long distance girlfriend. :)
Saw what Peter Flynn, & cast created 4 "Cool, Cool Considerate Men" # for 's production of 1776, today. Looks great!
Lovely date night!
I heard on the news they're trying to get roller derby in the Olympics
Studying for my Cisco Computer Hacker Certification...
3/14 @ 7 PM, Todd Purdum and Tiki Davies on the John Paton Davies memoir, China Hand @ DC's Politics and Prose Bookstore....
the things we do for love...
😃 I just found my pair of headphones that I have been looking for
At least Lana won't have problems with Axl playing video games all the time...he doesn't know how to play video games.
so funny.
I sang this weekend with my old singing group the Chamber singers. I am so
Stop by to pick up your favorite wine and check out 2 amazing St. Louis artists on display -Jennifer Hayes & Emily Soderberg
BUT non-PR staff would also like to have a way to participate, be a part of the community.
Guest moderator, Rick Santorum.
Haven't meditated in forever. Felt great to do it again. I'll have to keep on doing it I feel great.
On FaceTime with my twin <3 love him.... can't wait for our Disney Song themed wedding<3
Hi Ally - We're excited to have you!
Did my handspring layout :)
New music up for download! ... on CDbaby.com !!!
good point Stacey!
well, where i'm from we call it a skirt, shirt, and vest.. but idk maybe its different where you're from?? punk. lol
Go play in traffic
Whats everyone's favorite #Halloween Candy? So far Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are in the lead.
Thanks for the follow JOC!
Ho, Ho, Ho. I saw an early B&W commercial featuring the Big Guy -- he was downright terrifying. Glad they softened his image.
You know that terrible 3 am bird? Well it has escalated. It's now the terrible 2:30 am bird.
MAGIC MIKE - OFFICIAL TRAILER HD -
The power of determination RT": There's nothing more rewarding than doing everything someone said you couldn't do!!!!"
real estate investing | I Buy Austin Houses Blog
or did you say "POW" and they took literally? ;)
lol are you serious right now?? Who DOESN'T know that Jennifer Hudson lost weight?
About to go take some snapshots of these characters I recently did, ig i'll upload em in the morning
Are me and isabel really walking 2 miles to get fried chicken? Yes. Yes we are
Great bucket list item! RT : “Now I get to check off ‘helping to save a life’ on my bucket list.” -Gift of Life donor
ARgh! still have one more final to give! : All my grading? Done.”
All we can do is wonder. Don't think they'd ever make this into a movie!
Just bought my game six tickets because
taste like?
Anyone wanna buy some soccer cleats. I have nice ones.
Special6mom-wanted you to know the Onion Boy Scout video was a spoof - pls don't be too offended
Still can't sleep
« Don't you know God is a jealous man. Wants no one before him. Put him first and you won't be last.»
Another fantastic dinner last night. Too many great dishes to mention them all. Thank you and team!
Girls and Guys shouldn't fight in twitter its dumb
guess who i saw at the mall yesterday....
PS I threw that pillow out after arrival - such a minimalist.
they are still on???
I will be live on Kiss FM to talk about my upcoming movie, Jessie, plus my new record. Turn in to Kiss FM! Xoxo <3
#RIP Dick Clark
yeah, I disagree. if a capable dev can hack it with usual tools on usual equipment, it's not special, it just takes longer.
I have a huge crush on ;)
$235.00 to see in Dallas! VIP will be so worth it :)
DEAL!! Tell you what, even if you do like us (which we know you will) SHOTS!!!
they're the cutest! we picked jagger by the way LOL.
they need to install cameras in stoplight and on street corners...
Grind all day tweet all night
Congratulations on your acceptance! We hope to see you in the fall as a Golden Flyer!
11 is my number. 11 is my year. I'm feeling tough.
please save October 13th, 2012, to attend the 4th annual Accessibility Camp DC event. via:
if you don't follow us I'll tell people you're straight.
I need a show about my life #thewoods sampling.
I hope that was a metaphor for leaving the past behind
I really don't think you read his criticism carefully nor accurately.
Feisty day!
Seattle could be cheap, Claire. Are you looking at Airbnb for places to stay?
Birthday Party is next month 06.16.2012 and I have a BIG announcement I want to share. If you have to prep to preach you get a pass lol
I know! We have some "waffle-junkies" hanging out in front of the cart now! I'm working fast before we have a real problem
At least I don't drool all over the fuckin place and spaz out while I sleep
For a balanced #dog consistency in all areas is required which includes everyone in the family who interacts with your dog
Apple preparing Java runtime shift to Oracle
come in! or just stop by and take it to go.
forever worrying way too much over nothing
I Love it when a Lady has a sense of humor
Android or iPhone? What's your flavor?
hope y'all have a great time getting together tonight!
That can be the only explanation for what Fagen looks like in this doc.
At 's house watching Star Wars. ;) <3
Lol throwback she was funE RT : ITS CITA BABY jus randomly burst out my mouth?!?! Rofl I'm on tweak mode this am
things are great, hey do you know of any founder chat rooms? Twitter sucks for conversations, seems like chat is dead
heey you ! Yees youu awesome man ... I love your job! You #workhard you are greate! ..follow me?
yup no place better! #danceonthematress in the South~
Yeah Porter Wagnor Tournament SO cool!!!
Congrats to all the Cannonballers! Thanks for taking us along for the ride.
Damn Twitter.
Sometimes I wonder why I'm not married to Sometimes.
I was sleeping, what did you want?
Had a great time tonight meeting & listening to from at the meet up.
I go to tan connection right in front of Ben Davis. Its the best one I've been to around here.
The #GradStudent dream: working in her office at 8 pm on a Friday evening. Par-tay! haha
I've been trying to tell people how cool our 'scene' is : )
We all saw what Paul did for the Clippers. Their coach was terrible.
So apparently the #Blackhawks lost. Bummer. I really need the #Caps and #NYR to win now.
Unbelievable happiness for the Jayhawks making their way to the Final Four. Now, attention turns to
So the Spurs are up on Sunday at noon it looks like...
Beautiful day in sunny California with
the great Eddie George rocking a sweet bow tie. I also love the nachos at his restaurant!
man... Somebody pass me a brew (or three)
Thanks for the #FF love ! Back atcha...
I don't think i've hated a "celebrity" on Celebrity Apprentice more than I do Aubrey O'Day. Talk about conceded
What is forgiven is usually well remembered.
We appreciate it! If you want to volunteer, too, contact us at . if u live in US u can help!
Look out, and stepping up in the twitter world
u have to be chosen by her to be followed in order for her to see ur twits
Will you run in boots? If so, you might be good, lol! Not much snow here in Indy this winter. Made for a great running winter
#letsbeserious #Americans can never compete with #Asians when it comes to electronics or cars
Figures. Oh well
Ugh! Cmd+Q and Cmd+W are too danged close to each other on the keyboard!
Augusta National: Missing the point As one of only a small group of women in the national golf media, I've been inundated with questions
but it's about quality, not quantity, right?
Thanks for the follow! Really enjoyed your work!
Salina, thanks for following!
One day will RT me & my life would be made. #myidol 💜☺
#openingday I love baseball!!! Go #yankees....now it's time to help provide #food to the hungry...later I watch baseball.
Friday + Charlotte + Traffic =
Taking my 2 boys by the new campus of The City's Church Las Vegas. Josiah says, Can I be a guest speaker?
AUSTIN YOU ARE THE BEST OF MI LIFE, YOU ARE PERFECT AND AWESOME, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<3333333
Hellz Yeah. Bring the models in
small window.Prince still signed up for 2010, arby for 2011 and then we'll see how bad antanasio wants to keep him after that
Ebony Goddess: Queen of Ilê Aiyê / Deusa do Ébano: Rainha do Ilê Aiyê will premiere in Paris, France, on November 19. More info soon!
yes, thanks we do have an awesome iPhone/iTouch app coming very soon. Thanks for the props! Karaoke on ...
well said
theres also no walmart, or chikfila.
Everything I have to say to you .. is said when I don't reply back to your ignormaous ass message ..
Excellent point!
Whiny baby Carl DeMaio cried to Facebook and had "Anybody But Carl" page tagged as "hate speech." Shades of Steve Francis...
Me and Austin kissed and he asked me out ... Then I woke up </3
I love my team 💛
Where is a and when you need them? Too much people watching to be alone
Buahah LOVE LOVE LOVE the commercial for Jimmy Kimmel
Thanks for the mention!
Hi Kendra! Its Toni from MarketMommies - This is my new blog (because I have soo much free time :
If at the end of march, looking at 1st election date in May, primary would push it to June
Nice weather brings ALL THE RATCHET PPL OUT 👎
no way! so who do you think has the best poke on the island? because i am pretty sure its from the Kahuku Superette! Check my site
I miss my baby boy so much <3
Phantom was AMAZING!! So proud of my wittle baby :)
hahaha the guitar chandelier??? It's fabulous!!!!!
TONIGHT!!! Green Lantern w/ Thee Japanese Schoolgirls and Deadbeats and Barkers. Let's get on with it.
I am so very excited he will be home for the long weekend. I have so missed him.
YaY cant wait, today i am going to see celion dion at ceasers palace!! hopefully i will get to meet her
we have to link up soon brother. been way too long
#Fortunempw Regarding making markets, "be first an be lonely" - Ginny Rometty SVP IBM
Russell Wilson going soon. Book it.
I just want to point out that hijacked my phone tonight.
as in Avatar, it's a cartoon! Oh retail
First NY now Miami! I really need to stop leaving you behind! Lol Meeting 5 of my girls here!
RT : Romney's big win in Illinois is due to the passions he arouses in Chicago's dead voters.
I just want to go home.
No Kevin Harlan, it's not old school basketball, it's smart basketball. Cut to the basket when you are overplayed.
Good Morning Loves! Get the blue out and get the city pumped for the game tomorrow night.
hey, nobody cares lol
Rockin my new #TheSlipOnEdition cool don't have to tie any strings
fire like I’m third degree, and suddenly, we got so high, fire fly
I was super bummed--it was a nice reminder of a wonderful day!
Sad to see Man on a Ledge debuted so poorly.... it was a really, really good movie.
somebody is looking gorgeous!! ;)
hey babe
Last minute news: Clarinetist Seth Kibel will join the crew tonight at 1905 Restaurant.
Wish I could see perform Hammock at the Theatre Project. Alas, I'll be in tech. If you can catch the show, do it is beautiful!
It depends on the use. Normally, I don't have problems but for active tasks, I got sport earbuds.
Id do anything fa my niggas *plies voice*...dat track is my shit...im all bout loyalty
Q1 As a consumer, paying full price for an ebook that is intangible and invisible the second I'm not reading it seems odd.
I'm fucking hurting :'(
Pentecost is my favorite short live action film. My pick Raju.
Thanks for the kind words. And I'm really sorry to hear that. I hope things are going OK for you.
hahahahahha omg. She scares me.
Some one please hit that bong for me :) thanks
So many children in my apt. complex. Go to bed you kids!
Ask and you shall receive. Hope you like your flashcards digital...
I always get hacked on Christmas Day so if you get something naughty from me, it wasn't me.
Don't say I said something with knowing the facts !!
oh ok, thank you(:
- Eatinq my pizza n got dat drank in my cup lolx :-) n watchinq 106&park.!
Hello, I am one of the leading massage therapists in CS. If any archers need their arms & hands works on. Call me @ 208-0211
My entire body is swore it feel like I fell down the stairs what's really going on
I gtg sorry
haha, my scouting report: outta shape, easily winded
Txt me or something. I aint heard from u in a minute
cow shit, really... I like the smell of gasoline when Im at the gas station. Weird?
Sent you a letter on Wednesday! Should be in Astoria any day :)
Really pulling for the LA Kings there. I Love me some Kings hockey, and they Picked up Hextal for the front office, favorite player ever.
but where Flower Tucci @ Doe..the hiatus is too long im starting to think aids
No plans for today...what am I to do...
Working on details for the event. Save the date: Nov. 11, 2009!
nap time like a mud.
tatted your name so you know its real baby ;)
I am sorry I intended to do the"homework" before class, but my Cuz was hit by a car this morning and have been at hosp.
I feel so lonley right now. Nothing in my life ever goes right. I want to die!
p.s. if you want more followers, find yourself a pic to use instead of the egg
Homework was a stupid invention
RT : 89% of people do not believe in love at first sight.
hey yuhr really cute:)
Not surprised ... Not too many are you know...;)
Today is the last day my sister and her adorable children are at our house. I will miss them so much!
Most vivid dream I've had in ages. So absorbing I overslept.
okay I may need to drop Valverde from my #fantasybaseball team..
Crazy women are sexy... For some reason
Once upon a time...
who does arsenal play tomorrow?
Steven would be very disappointed
who said work ON your biz, not IN your biz? i promise to work on my biz until lunch :)
Haha, well, until Twitter releases a Stylebook, I'm of the opinion that a hashtag implies its punctuation mark. ;-)
so true.
i will be here till ol' saint sandy clause come through
this one almost made me get down on one knee lol
Sometimes God disciplines us- not as a way of punishment- but as a way to bring us back to Him- out of love- for our own good-
LOL! : #WORD RT : If you hang out with folks who dumb down the environment, you pick up their dumb arse habits."
that's fantastic!
I will tomorrow at the game!
I love you for your food in your fridge.
#marc12 UMW session delivers da goods! Check out ALL of this in educause archive.
PR winners at #SB46 so far - Indy, Madonna, Tebow, Sport Graphics -- list will change by Sat.
wow lame
love these two!
ck out they, who sound @ avant garden this sunday 7:45, doors open at 7pm--- Paul Connolly and Lucas Gorham/Erin Joyce $5/cover
thanks for playing like you guys have a purpose. Bring that every night and show this city what it wants to see.
don't forget to say goodbye!
Feel like Asian food tonight? Come to Panda Express at 6!
Almost Lake season up there & You guys have a great selection of Life Jackets & Water toys! Congrats on the new store!
What's the chances that Brian Long will block an Anthony Davis shot at the open practice today?
summer planning! any chance needs another waitress?
Pain often restricts our breathing, which amplifies the pain, which further restricts our breathing, etc. Focus on your breath.
right. Like If its tht easy I dnt want it. Cus if u wld giv it to me tht fast, hw many other ppl hav u given it up to.
cute tat!!
Team Trivia tonight at 8pm plus 35 cent wings 5pm-midnight. Come to for a good time!
I honestly don't know. You could try it...worst that could happen, it won't work or you'll be poisoned. Either way. :-P
I'd like to connect with you while you in LA if at all possible.
I don't want the to end :(
u got your playoff this year. Top3 teams all will have played each other.
YES. I love them all! I miss that show! I remember when Drake wa on it :D
Human nature lol RT You don’t realize how much you care about someone until they don’t care about you.
bro, Talk to me when you grow Facial Hair !
dont talk about my cousin like that betchhh
Twitter as teleprompter.... help from the group.
Just got home:) be very careful out there!!! It's only goin 2get worse
there's a secret menu created for Pacific Standard Time artworks at Playa and Rivera restaurants....inspired, nourishing, moving.
I spent the weekend watching every episode and couldn't stop. I loved every minute of it. Can't wait for series 3!
thats why im becoming a music producer when i grow up because I KNOW GOOD MUSIC!
how are you? Sorry i havnt been tweeting you : (
Go niners...I guess
Don't feel bad, I walk into my desk all the time lol Walking around furniture is risky haha
E-mail FX Network and let the network know you want Terriers to stay on the air and that you like the show!
Time to go get my baby a wash...
(: ! NO i been done seen that . Oh lord they so dam sexy !
Whoa. Just felt an #earthquake .
always so excited for sat morning breakfast that i can't sleep friday night. maybe i'll just start making the french toast now.
this gonna be a good one
Who wants to have a Whedon-Fest and go see Cabin in the Woods and Avengers today?
If the stupid cashier doesn't peel off the "save $1 now" coupons, it's ok to slash her tires right?
Hey Ashkon, I own/operate The live tweets last for an hour each week while the show airs. Willing to reconsider?
about to dump a load of tracks up ... check em out!
This fiscal yr in MI, 76% more GenFund $ will go to prisons than to public universities. RT if you think that’s wrong.
These refs need to grow so balls!!
thanks for adding us to your entertainment list! much appreciated. www.bartenderme.com
Hairy llama :)
#Join @ nychunt.com to get the prize @ fulton st n rockwell ave near B.A.M.
Wow, what an ending. Congrats to Kimball, 4A State Champs.
What a tragic loss. KC lost a good one. Below is a link to one of his funniest on air moments. RIP Don. May God be with his...
HTML5 FOR FILM panel at #SXSW -- How accessible is HTML5 for exhibiting video on multiple platforms? Sadly, most viewers use IE.
win games lol ": Damn. Some dickhead just reminded me the #Broncos lost Tebow. What are we gonna do?!?!?!?!"
photo shoot? :)
haven't tweeted for what seems like ages now...
Something has to go right today. Please.
Do you pick him at Augusta?
The people around you must see your success as their success. Otherwise, they're in your way.
Apparently it's crazy bad our there. Don't take the dogs out.
#gwu students make sure to follow GW official research blog
Need a quick turnaround on converting #Illustrator to #HTML5. Any suggestions?
Awhh! I hope everything goes well! Prayers to you and your family!
Under5, or a (U/5):[2] is an AFTRA-only contract term for an American soap opera actor whose chactr has under 5 lines of dialog per episode
Oh well fuck it
You know, silly accent aside, that is a good guy!
Joey Torres of claimed his third-consecutive discus title with a toss of 179'.
Unfortunately, yes. I have a call in to the City Engineer. Fortunately, my car was not parked in front yesterday.
LifeROOTS has 300 followers! Please help continue to spread the word and recommend us to your followers...Thanks!
me too
I remember back in the day b4 cellphones n unlimited plans where the norm, when you used to wait until 9pm to talk up a storm lol. Remember?
ahahah its ok son, LBJ can have MVP. Durant wants that RING instead
The golden rule for every business man is this: “Put yourself in your customer’s place. – Orison Swett Marden
Tierrasanta concerns being addressed at TCC by where are other
RT: Girls don't poop, that's just science. Read some shit.
I guess the luck out tonight and won't get another beating from the
what's up tresha. Yes I am. My schedule is making it hard to but I'll be around. I'll be at Smashburger tmrw.
Lol Yes! But I'm going to sleep now :)
“So excited for the dynamic duo writing team of & hubby David on Nov. 13 at 3p. New Ella Clah mystery. YAY!”
So this is what happens on twitter when I should be asleep... hmm... nothin' much! :)
Eddie Paul spoke about the library - very interesting. It was a conference so I didn't connect directly.
Whos idea was it to creat a 40 hour work week? What a dumb fuck
Looks like a nasty weekend ahead! Not a weekend to end spring break on!! ☔☁💨💦
The Secret Auror's Other Ball. Coming 2013! Can't wait!
is simply stunning
I love more than anything in the entire world.
hell yea...I aint 4got bout our project bro
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Louis: True. You: Wha-..? Louis: She's talking to me right now.
finally, it works both ways. Each person must be. End of sermon. Lol
RT : We have the club rocking w models in the house!!! Copa till 3 am!!"
Thank you! Glad you like it!
Tweet of the Day: Saving is the best thing. Especially when your parents do it for you.
Ok im bored so texting spree!!!! (267) 553-2010
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend that's an asshole but you're still their friend
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward. RT if u got mindf*cked
my name is heyitsconner on it
#20thingsaboutme 6. I'm a huge fan of and I cried when he got eliminated.
We end up hurt because we give ourselves to people who we think we're safe with.
$258.3 billion in USA annual health costs could be saved if only patients took their medications as their doctor prescribed ~PharmaTimes.com
heard. We lead a tough life.
Sitting home nursing a my belly after a rough night. I think I ate something bad. On the upside, I'm watching
Tweet me SWAG and I'll DM your name to
Omg hate thunder!
Thanks, Jonathan just pointed it out to me, too.
Our pleasure! “: Thanks for a great experience in radio ,, and !!”
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a time of 34:32 with Nike+ GPS.
I really just need to hop on a plane and get away for a while.
island oasis tonight before we head downtown.. be there for farwellfighter and since forever and us.. likely outside haha
Thank you Ms Mo! Have to say I'm feeling pretty good today- it's like the bad pain has switched to the feeling of progress! :-)
Bonsai tree sale all day in 90 degree heat is more like bonSIGH.
Sitting in the front row for "Beauty and the Beast" - I anticipate splitting my attention between the show and the orchestra...
what are you democrat?
ah omg i took like such a long twitter break but im back now! what did i miss?
planning for family beach storytime on Saturday. Recent idea: goldfish for refreshments.
Thanks and others for the marketing session yesterday.
Incredible first round of #MarchMadness! Congrats #Wisconsin & #Marquette! Thanks to everyone who came out to Brass Monkey! Awesome Fun Day!
Follow your decisions with action. Whether things are ideal or not success comes in the doing. -John Fuhrman
similar to sonos, at a much lower price point
From Aberdeen: 65% of orgs using business analytics report increase in customer responsiveness (YoY) vs. 33% of orgs not using it
Goodnight Tweetie Birds :-) :-) :-) Im NOT nor NEVER let any asshole get the BEST of M E !
Always unexpect the expected.
#Bulls have 40 rebounds and the #76ers have 26 thru 3. Philly doesn't have a single offensive rebound. Not good
The zen buns are back.
And you?
im so ready for teen wolf lol and i wish dylan would tweet me ha ha
You're the PR guru! That's even better! : )
my friend is one of many people who fell through the cracks in the system. if you want to save lives, start with that.
what are you up to today. I'm shooting until around 8 but would love to get dinner with you after.
Ditto! MT If I wrote a Didion essay about this period of my life raising 2 young kids, I'd title it "Where the Laundry Never Stops"
Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP Every Thursday Night DJ Hump will be Playing a Live mix of Top 40, Hip Hop, & Old School
Why have all the storms lately been going north or south of us? I would really appreciate a huge thunderstorm
Attended a lovely dinner party last night. They were sweet and careful with what they served me, I brought an FAQ safe dessert. Success!
How did he fare after the cheese? Hopefully better than the gummy worm?
Just got my first B12 shot, let's see if the benefits are as good as they say!
AGBANK-H SHARES : ABC Releases 2011 Social Responsibility Report - 4-traders
Shout out to our #QBM11 sponsors you can find on Twitter:
Why California ?
Quarantine me. I'm infected.
hope you find that big rock in the sky..
Yay it's another TODAY! Nothing and everything is possible!
RT : I think tonight would be a perfect night for #wintergrilling. Whatcha think? << I am serious thinking the same thing
your smiley photo makes it look like you're happy about that fishy fact.
Can one of my artist collab with u?
... Nice right now
I'm always looking up videos & tweets bcuz I love all her advise she gives to her Jasminators<33
Praying for you tonight. May God's goodness come over!
I hate English.. Fml
Texas D1 Ambassadors-Morse with a big win over favored Colorado Miners. 83-72. Miners beat Minnesota Pump N Run earlier
Ah I see. "When we have a statement" has become "If and when". YER SO SLY JAGEX. GRRRR we won't forget this.
Yup, how funny! Thanks! How many year did your daughter participate?
“: Don't worry dude, he'll meet my pimp hand pretty soon :)”
every four years in Germany.
Learning about Florida gaming issues in Bus. & Cons. Affairs. What do you think about this? Send me your ideas.
I saw the first episode. 4/10
Working on an #eHealth entry for a medical sociology encyclopedia - difficult to summarize such a diffuse and rapidly changing topic.
28 more days till when??
Thank you! :) I'm very flattered.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me & go to minorityjobs.net Julie Hunting-Tips.html
When it rains, it pours. Just got new logo design and site styling from our graphics dude.
IMM SUPER BOREDD SCHOOL IN A COUPLE OF HOURS!!!! ugh D;
Bahaha, no joke! Can't wait to see you at lunch tomorrow. :)
RT QUICK, MAKE THIS A THING: #TwoandahalfMenstrualCycle It can't be worse than what already makes.
This customer just said " Thanks babe" idk if she meant it, talks like that, but she was in front of her (Seemingly) dude.
Good Morning! Breakfast then Bronx bound!
Wishing good luck on his pitch today:)
my mom wanna come home being all annoying nshit.
On MSNBC, is doing a great analysis of anti-choice state laws and their recent momentum shift.
Just landed in moscou, next flight directly to homestory in 5 hours !
don't let eat stop at Patty's. I think he's eaten enough today.
Feeling some kind of way right now.mmhm Lol
Have you joined ?
I man handle dat pussy
seriously folks let a mess on the mall? That's unfortunate but sadly not surprising.
If your album wants to pretend it's all weird and shit, a lack of syncopation is a legit criticism.
can't wait until the Rampage fight
Wow Joshua #AI can sing!
I had so much awesome shit to tweet when I was half asleep driving to Rochester..... Now I forgot it all.
#bufferule We (liberal) have great ideas that don't con't to hurt the poor & vanishing middle class!
Would make it worth it. Maybe.
running & jump rope
sorry, we won't have it ready til 23ish
Handmade breakfast tacos to order Handmade corn tortillas,ancho potato,chorizo.sliced avocado,black beans,wholewheattortillas,flour uchoose
Thank for the mention! Happy New Year to you!
Dang. Monumental collapse by Mississippi Valley. Would've been nice to see the swac champs get a win
If I told you my gamer tag you'd need new underwear
What local musician used to own Galaxy Hut? What is the name of the band fronted by the current owner?
Wow then she shouldn't be a teacher lol!
? $10tn == ten trillion dollars
same owners I believe
"aye kyle, what did you in English?" "She gave me a 89.5......fuckin cunt" LMFAO
Since using HubSpot, The Murder Mystery Company has experienced a significant increase in terms of traffic, leads, and customers
This would make it all worthwhile: RT : fire Denby, hire Hoberman.
Attm latest wx models indicate a significant winter storm--potential blizzard--from portions of KS, NE and IA thru WI and MI Tues-Thurs
Are you going to kiss me or not #np 💙💙💙
Celebs that have naked photos released... Does it help or hurt their image?
She has been holding concerts inside of me for like, millions of times. How the hell does it matter if I only miss this one time?!
All elements are manually entered: affiliation, author, title, other institutional data, research profiles.
BRAND NEW SPORTS BEERTUBES at FLIPCUPS.com New Shirts and products every week
You should try prank calling
And we'll all float on anyway.
Right now im watching kids hold for dear life as they ride sheep. You gotta love east Texas
what are u talking about school in canada is free
If it wasn't about money football, baseball, and basketball
Nice win by the #giants. Gets them right back on top of the #nfceast. Too bad the #eagles won. Thx Rex.
lol to make such a move. She is beautiful :-p do you know the sex yet?
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
thanks brother plenty more comin keep an eye out
Big Blue Nation
'Don't forget to bring a towel'
no, I don't know where my diploma is. I went to a framer for my degree ASAP lol
Sorry I'll write something more better later
": Tweeting bullshit to the world. Ꭶince 1921" there was no Twitter back then, and you're not 91.
I'm not much for dancing, but for you I did<3
Love Your impersonations!!
Random Twitter question: In your eyes, who was the better overall athlete, Deion Sanders or Bo Jackson?
the bulls have very athletic white players
Not looking forward to therapy at all.
According to neither girls nor John Mayer dump.
OMG no way!! :O that's so awesome lol
Nothing kills a chubby quicker
Weclome ! RK- be sure you follow too. Their converstn has been cracking me up all AM.
Well it takes a lot of guts to do what you're doing with you're startup.
RT The total number of private sector jobs created since became gov has once again dropped under 100k
Stomach aches prevent more studying than they inspire. I got a bit done today, but not as much as I hoped.
I get it lady. You spent 10 years in Africa. Maybe you should announce it to the whole cafe a few more times though just in case.
got a balcony with ocean-view, internet access, wheelchair, and food and ice on the way, sweet!
I didn't make my portfolio until it was a requirement for my capstone. You'll have plenty to share when the time comes
sometimes I feel like I'm hitting my head against a brick wall...over & over.... so frustrating
RT : I hate wanting to text someone, but you feel like you're bothering them.
Happy Birthday Momma Jbenk (:
Thank you! RT We were just introduced to at Stoughton Opera House. Love. Feeling
Vasset is actually demonstrating the exercises in her book, and the rest of the panelists and some of the audience joined in.
The big kid grind starts again tomorrow :)
didn't change it
Who are you quoting?
We at applebees since it aint no Uwm party
Being forced to watch the crazies
That's all I was going to talk to you about. Oh and I was also going to ask you if we were doing anything 4 the weekend? :) !*)
I'm trying to find you! Hahha!
These words are my own ...
if u sign up for it u got to create a user name and password what u can remember. If its taken u got choose another one
lol. Really waddy. Don't do that. I really miss you too bighead.
Please note that my comment on your video is not describing you. That is all.
I wish. Actually, I wish I was Moprah, that's what I wish
mine too. I have never been in a stadium louder than Wrigley at that point. Chills just thinking about it.
Oh no, was it on tonight? We missed it!
pack your bags! :)
When you're with me, it's like an angel came by and took me to heaven.
Is Justin Following is his mentor's footsteps? #Usher sympathizes with #Justin Bieber's problems.
Taking grad students to Patoka Lake in the morning to put on a folklife festival. Bluegrass, Amish toys, hoop nets, & more...
let's get someone to flier the campus beforehand b/c Casa Fiesta is right there. #dcshows #lightsresolve #5bucks Sat 4/21Casa Fiesta
Blichmann is a little backed up by the holidays but it's going out soon I am sure. Cheers!
#TwSIG Use the . Use a small character to let people know you are just between the two of you. Dot before @ opens it up
its okay, just 3 more months. :)
hey spitty spit spit!
meant to say shit. Fucking auto correct
Everythings a GO!
yea so i kno its kinda late but i just watched Devil movie dude it was absolutely trash lol mad i wasted my time
Appreciate the #follow!
Lance Berkman, professional hitter.
“: Underway. Green chips are 100s, not 25s here. Messing me up. #nobeeratirishopen”
that bites
Nice meeting u at Lenox "Urban Outfitters".... "The twin"
awww my bad c u game 3
Cant wait to get a new phone... the voyagers internet is definately not up to par! Perhaps the droid is next
A guy with heart, income, and a pothead !!
I'm in a Google Hangout learning about searching..
I liked the image linked home page.
(you never know what you get)
I know who that's about, text mee
hey baby please,please,please follow me
I just had a great conversation with a co-worker about "medical tourism." What a fascinating, fast-growing industry.
OK, let me know if you need either
yes! I have for a couple years now & became an advisor a few months ago.
Yay! RT A book is definitely in the works. So many stories to share about the lessons learned on the road.
I am not there yet but I will muahhhhh
Ah I just cant fuck with half of the people I used to fuck with.
So today was senior skip day or some shit? Weak. Everyday of senior year was senior skip day for and me. attendance lady loved us.
We'll be there!
Good morning, but I digress
Coffee, or food, is always a plus. I'll have to check them out next times swing by there.
you will be missed.
I don't want to leave my sister but I'm ready to be back home.
also, be sure to tell Nick that I have more followers than you, I'll do his PR.
How do u balance being an artist & _______? Fill in the blank & share ur experience.Tweet back or email
How many times can I break 'till I shatter?
Bubba rocks that 4 button shirt like its his job lol and he def utilizes every button.
RT : Anyone's company having a fundraiser in December? Let me know so I can list in calendar!
#NRAShow starts tomorrow! Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass. Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
We missed you! You should come participate!
no I think it was pallordia? A music channel...and she did a set..u had on a black leather jacket..
I feel bad when someone likes me and I don't like them at all.
The thing that makes Los Angeles unique and special is that the cultural skeleton is not European.
okay so what on Earth did you do Austin?
Experiencing panera bread for the dirt time with
thank you :)
haha will do my friend
3 hours after original departure time & I'm still stuck @ O'Hare...
gets it done first match! keep it going brother
Student Quote: "I like the 3-move checkmate, because I win fast. Well, sometimes people stop me. I kind of use it all the time." - Karina, 7
Agreed! And would add "Finishing The Hat."
I really really do not like u right now.
you do that too??
At what point does ambition become hubris?
all you know but you don't even do that intelligently, you make racist comments, regurg. Talking points or use sayings u've
damn that tweet was depressing
Date night - it's a beautiful thing! We're indulging in perfect Asian food at a favorite SAP UX haunt - Teikoku. Yum!
We are? What outfit is this? >_>
Only joining for a few minutes - holiday commitments ;)
I kinda want to see a show where Sherlock and Holmes are different characters now.
Heey from me and Catherine:D
#Milwaukee's system: Everything is guarded, checked by machine and paper ballots. If you were there, guard on you :)
ain't you a lucky guy!
I cannot wait for Gossip Girl to start!!!! I must know Chuck's fate : D
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it's a brighter day
lmao!!! I didn't sat I wanted nothin b.i. That was I just agreed that was some foolery u tried to hit us wit
how are you doing?
Can't wait for some Sunday night shows.
said it best. "We idolized Derek, we admired Pettitte and we roared for Jorge, but we worshiped Mariano."
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
ready to conquer Riverside Casino tomorrow mornin :)
From now until March 31, $2 of every ticket sold to Lombardi will go towards colon cancer research.
Please let us know if you need help with any media needs - we would love to help you make your dreams come true.
Who buys midevil weapons these days.
Um..Pictures?
1.i love being naked 2.not for long
I have serriousss issues, man.
#SwaggFAIL when yo outfit cute and yo hair is just all over the place.!!
People are not lazy. They simply have important goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them
Like really? Wtf!
Yes please!
From everyone at Enterainment Unlimitied we want to wish you a safe & Happy New Year. See you 2012.
#csa12 Reddy: How Academic knowledges/institutions interpret social difference is central to how the state produces legitimate violence
Sunday Sunday Sunday!!!
And the Vandy bar woke up.
Velvet Underground...yes!
When you are on the #job hunt, what are the sites that you typically visit to begin your search? I would love to get your feedback!
Im most likely going to be home in two weeks. I want to stop in Marquette while I'm up since I haven't had a chance to yet! haha
Need new bathing suits for the summer? Tell us why you deserve a new Victoria secret bathing suit!!
Know of anyone looking for a full time position in Oakland area at minimum wage? If so-message me!
follow please ((:
woof :D woof woof?
followed and hi
Thank you, and yes, all good on my end. I miss you and the gang up north!
I hate materialism, but I hate not having things more.
I would actually like to hear some of my favorite DJ's give up their best tunes of 1970, 80 or 90!
#HappyNewYear everyone! Lets end the year with $1 drinks from #bartab!!
I was just looking at my albums and I just noticed she writes heavily on all her albums. Get it Ci!
Cuz we are scared that there might not be anyone ......
Michigan Tech, GM To Show Off High School Talent
Heading to our friend's house in London for a traditional Sunday roast
Jealous! I graduated HS in '93. I miss those days! I may dig out my old Jane's tshirt tonight and wear it around the 'burbs.
Hey, TAB friends, gotta any awesome shows you'd like recommend this weekend?
oh never mind
When I see really annoying people I think "hey,they wouldn't be that way it someone just punched them in the throat"
It annoys me that cartoon characters always slip on banana peels when, clearly, grape skins are more hazardous.
Love you all
We got attacked by an underwater bear on the float trip!
Talkin to my girl buttons
where the beats @
Once again, #Brewers fans, remind me why we think head-case Gallardo is our ace?
Hope everybody is happy now. You voted the ones who started the recession back in!
Wearing my tam at #GWU commencement makes me feel like a cross between a French painter and the Pillsbury doughboy. :)
Being good at your work is a key success factor,--"Be not simply good - be good for something." Henry Thoreau; Does Your Work Have Passion!
Okay! night Kermit.
not saying its aliens...but its aliens.
it's a serious question!
When people are out begging for money at Food City. 😡
1800- The US #Congress divided up the Northwest Territories, separating #Indiana from
Trying to make sure my last bite of food is a good one
Always good to have the Wildcats following. Luke Walton would be proud.
now I'm thirsty....
KG is guarding everybody.
Pats have a lot of beef on that DL with Wilfork and now Haynesworth. Great addition...now just need to add an OLB who can rush the passer
Wanting somebody to twt me so bad. Somebody??plweasssseeeee *Bretana*
Google skull kid and play the game :)
Hey it's Kareem's birthday! The party will be tomorrow -- come on up and join in the celebration! Main event @ 1 PM | 7916 SE Foster
I luv Maca's drummer, he has his own fan club. #
I haven't drank just milk by itself in a long time. Wow it's delicious!
I just put the story up my story ppl
Ever wonder what baby meat would taste like? My guess is it's pretty tender.
OK. All the other big web based services we use post system updates when they are having problems. Sort of a good idea.
RT Balanced Budget Amendment - version 1: Fails in Senate by large margin. 21-79
#IDidntTextYouBack because I'm a terrible texter
Here it goes...
Getting tired. Gatta get up n drive back to Atlanta
At a lost. . I really dont know what to do .. smh
Neil Heywood: new details emerge of British business dealings of Chinese woman suspected of murder
Okay TikiDolls, we hope you've enjoyed the pics! Much more where those came from on facebook.com/tikiclothing, everything is #justFAB! (:
Ha how u gone window shop in the metro.
look forward to sharing them. :)
If I had to name a scent that captures my essence, I'd probably call it: BabyMaker...by Zach
Summary Box: Nestle to buy Pfizer unit for $11.85B - San Antonio ...
Today I'm gonna do homework and blast Whitney.
Who is that freak who keeps screaming "Bravo!"
I'm OK with it now as long as it is not falling from the sky.
This show is crazy . Lol
San Francisco State University -- keeping it local :) Classes start August 24th. Stoked to go back to school!
Got a perm. My Afro is officially gone!
when is your show on fri night? And is it same place in #otr?
Assault & Recon! RT“: #shoutoutsunday RT and tell us what your last purchase was from #vitaminshoppe”
Looks like a great team building event! Thanks for sharing!
Stop referring to her like that. She has a name Ray. It's Layla and were taking things slow.
Apple's "Feast or Famine" approach to updates continues! We don't see any updates for months, then they all come at once!
well what do you want to do then? Lol
: Not possible. That #foreverlazy is the best thing. May 27. WHAT IS IT!?!?
#Tebow.....Jets.... O_o.....No Impact on Jets winning, just more Headlines and more Jerseys sold. I think this was all a marketing decision.
You will be working til midnight? I will have read a few good chapters and been asleep by then.
"The "Big Bang" definitely has erotic overtones." :-)
true story
#ThingsMyMotherSays So Long As I'm Alive And Breathing You Can't Have A Tattoo!
Awww yeah! Thanks for the #ff love, former journo who has escaped the beast.
Lunch can't come soon enough!
I think there's no harm in it but it might not work as well.
Awhile back I got an email from the Jimmel Kimmel people to enter to be on the show I don't have a drummer though.
ya, I tried to let people know. It was pre-recorded, but so sad for Kiva! Tech issues are so annoying!
Wishing everyone a good night! Must get grandkids off to school tomorrow - an early morning again - need to catch some z's. Sweet dreams!
That's awesome, and got it on kindle too?
Oh shit! Lol s/o for the follow
“Reality is broken. Game designers can fix it.” ― Jane McGonigal
Extremely worried about chad... I fucked up today dude. I fucked up.
Help her out! RT : I am thinking about I would like some opinions from someone who is taking this master. Thanks!
Ooh, very interesting especially in the wake of Amy Winehouse's death
I will resume my 2k12 online assoc path To the nba finals around 3 later today
Now accepting nominations for 's campus characters. Go!!!
That looks like a lot of meal points right there... =p
PS, those responding w/ reading suggestions/alternative critiques of Burke, please keep those coming! Grad WS w Arabella is tomorrow (1/2)
Life makes no deals...it wins with your demise!
Lunch will be ready at noon in the front lobby--we'll move into 1100 (games lounge/lecture hall) to eat.
Polar express in imax with ! Pretty excited about it.
Golden Labs bark too much - I actually prefer irish setters
RT : Last day of college... It's been an awesome 4 years Edgewood
Ah... I want to photograph someone completely stunning with my T3i Canon SLR camera!
MEN you should all have dates tonight!
i have to dig into this one! A Mazda RX3 stn wagon with a stick shift i learned to drive on the way home. Pd $500.
Ill Cut Off Every Nigga Just To Be Wit Him
They're = they are. Their = their boat, ownership. You're = you are. Your = your dog, ownership. Just a quick reminder. Good afternoon!
solid article about Rockstar
Yeah! Its fun again at the Garden. Thank u Mike for firing yourself. My Knicks look good. They are having fun again!
Overheard at #OGP2012: "A data portal is a symbol of accountability and transparency." This is dangerous thinking.
. 2/2 bath water so they wouldn't "look at" themselves & avoid patent leather shoes, which might reflect their undies!
Why does everyone keep cutting me off when I'm kind the middle of my rock ballad?
Liverpool have conceded third fewest goals this season. Thank God! A lot of those 1-0 losses could have been 2-0 or 3-0
Gearing up for the start of the school year - all RIT and OPLer's, are you ready?!
aww damn... That's all bad bro
How is everyone doing tonight?
You don't think I already know that?? -_-
If this guy in front of me doesn't quit hocking flem, I'm going to roundhouse his head.
#AWSSummit cont'd: PBS' John Brendsel provides a description of AWS services used and deployment strategy for PBS mobile (1:09 mark)
First time that's happened since 1966. Something is obviously wrong with the world right now.
Go get some Marionberry pancakes at The Fisherman's Porch. (Dad might know about that from Portlandia.)
I read all types of fanfics. Mostly Justin Bieber ones since my account is all about him. I Co-own this account. But yeah.
any chance you guys will have a growler fill station?
Great to meet you on Friday- thanks for coming!
u r not physically allowed to be this much hot!!
Little did we know we would be able to have a lunch-time sledding party on November 9th.
RT BREAKING: Official tells AP: Trayvon Martin's killer to be charged with 2nd-degree murder; is in custody. -RAS
I know, 2 days my love. You should try to sleep. Im going to go to bed here in a few myself.
Wow the Undertaker is 20-0!!! Yayyy. I'm such a kid at heart.
Don't forget to follow the official White Out Twitter ->
Happier than ever <3
Saw ur predecessor's last press conf & ur first. Tough crowd there & even tougher times we live in. But ur doing a damn good job.
i wasn't worried he would be 0 few the rest of the season. i was more joking with all the raburn RT's you had recently
Hour and half left on the costume ideas! Let's hear them!
What? Says WHO?? “: if your not up to date with your taxes soon they will ban your passport and you can't leave the country. WOW”
Absolutely! RT ": "Libraries are fantastic..." couldn't agree more!"
what is your favorite ride at six flagss???
Performance review day. Lay it on me !
Back to the grind after a LONG weekend I won't soon forget! 30 and flirty- love it:)
lmfao we're going to be soo swag when we step out with our bummy outfits #YOLO :x
LIZZIE MY PHONE...!!!
ok bet
shit see if Bryson can buy too, the more the better
crept downstairs at 6am for my daily sneak-in writing time b4 I wake kids at 730 and found 3/4 of them hanging out on the couch
Seven Hours and 20 minutes until the HUNGER GAMES!!
Mr. President - Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid to help with our deficit? We do not have the $ to send outside the USA.
Mike, you might as well give up. Davis is showing to be an ironically close-minded individual right now.
congrats! I am sure it helps ppl, but it needs to be privately funded, we can't afford it
Well 1-1 so far. Today's picks NY 20 ATL 17 and think PIT is going to win but I love Tebow so DEN 17 PIT 10. What are your picks.
There's a giant moon out tonight...and me, without my camera. *sigh*
The more I spend time with you, the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again... Fall in love. <3
Ill Givee Youu What Youu Need... Only If You Say Please. (;
I'll have my answer by tomorrow for sure
thanks. And it's been way too long since I've seen you. Let's fix that.
Did anyone realize that Kate Upton is 19?? The heck?!
*respective. RT: Melvin Gordon & Derek Watt were the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during the scrimmage.
there is a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot...
I know alot of people have been raggin on you about your surgery. I think that as long as you dont hurt anyone its your
I believe I am such a better wife than I was a girlfriend. Marriage looks good on me.
Is the earth spinning faster, or are we just just busier?
So this Ryan Tannehill that everyone is slobbering over must be a different QB than the one I watched in College Station last season.
You won't regret buying a machine that's tied to a table? Albeit, an incredible machine, but not so easy to toss in a rucksack!
What is everyone most looking forward to about #NZWineDay!?
This is fun.
Hearing everyone talk on here about going to their cottages, i wish i had one!
Oh, I'm glad I remembered in time that tomorrow is an important day. May the Fourth be with you.
less do ettt
You are most welcome
yea I wasn't following him either! Haha
songwriter and recording artist in GH
true but I'm going to watch the NBA MVP ! I let the game rec! Heheh
You're welcome! :)
so, then....what's the next project?
Crying just hoping he's next to me if he is dead..life isn't fair :c
Which is better? Sunrise or sunset?
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "I got so wasted last night, I was like, so drunk."
:) im very happy
Chicago Cubs fans took the 2016 news best. They're used to hearing the phrase, "Chicago is eliminated." <3
RT :One time I found myself drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea
Yeah man,,,I'm in.
What does Huntsman have to do for more people to support him?
where are you guys sellin the T-Shirts at and till when
Correction. Not N-Judah. I got onto a different train end route to Safeway.
Cool Yule - Roseanna Vitro & Kenny Werner singing to Celebrate the Holidays - Love and Gratitude--R
One doctor visit 2 to go. Getting closer to figuring out this mystery.
Nothing like a little chicken+waffles+maple syrup to get the spirits up! Thank you for the tweet! Glad you enjoyed!
people wearing heavy coats n rain gear on the MAX make the train twice as crowded. Or so it seems!
Armory Week is here! Better get my espresso IV ready...
i love the song #morethenthis <3
Have I mentioned I hate the new Facebook Insights? So easy to find the most useless info & so difficult to find the most useful.
Nevermind, we just keep passing the same 3 Hoosiers over and over. Go Cats!
"No" can be a complete sentence. “: Sometimes God's best answers begin with "N" and end with "O".”
Yo bro, is the email still the same ?
I hear ya! I'm just glad I'm not the only one who sees it! :)
or thinking we all fit into some mold. or that someone is doing it wrong if not stereotype
your perspective on life is so inspirational. You inspire me every day. I love you pey<21
Happy Thanksgiving to all our sexy friends!!!!!!
Hurricane was a Troll.
Austin is one of the few guys who can wear tank tops and snapbacks, and make them look hot.
": Smiling has always been easier than explaining why you're sad."
signing in #Chicago tonight (Diversey & Lincoln Avenues). Check it out!
Hour 3 "A firework store in the gas station? Might as well build a dildofarm next to a playground."
Went to GETLOW tonight and I could do without the MC's.
I think if i synced all of my SN sites I could create an endless chain reaction.
ALL DAY RT : Bread Cat Swag
Playing some summer tunes for my Ducks to match this awesome weather! Strange Fruit w/MC Sol until 4pm on KWVA 88.1FM or kwvaradio.org!
Is anyone out there submitting to the SAR or DAR? If so, make you sure you submit direct evidence on each event that you enter.
RT Great Offers Buy CE Compass Case Cover Sleeve Pocket Bag Neoprene for Amazon Kindle Fire Touch Nook 2 Simple Touch......
are you a linux or unix based kernel expert?
Bored to tears ugh does anyone wanna go take a jog with me?
Casino bound! Hopefully I come back a millionaire lol
people are insane.
(jen) Delivering three projects to three different clients this week - all great videos. Can't wait to show them off!
If you can do what you love for a living, life will be a lot less stressful and a hell of a lot more fun!!!
hey :p
#TVDFamily #PLLfamily FOLLOW, I FOLLOW BACK!
#Children who haven't developed basic #literacy skills before they enter school are 3-4 times more likely to drop out later.
At the grocery. Couple behind me at the deli may be the most mismatched pair in history. She's outta his league and knows it.
I'm ok it's always been like this so I'm used to it.
Bam! Let us know what you think.
My horoscope told me that I'm getting fat
Today looks like it's going to be a good one! The weather's lovely, the coffee's fresh & the radio's playing !
COLT IF YOU ARE OUT THERE PLEASE TALK TO ME. I MISS YOU SO MUCH AND YOU TOO DAMIEN
shit jay-z and beyonce trademarked their baby's name (blue ivy) so now i have to think of something else to name my next bowel movement. :(
Well Good night sweet dreams ^.^
I am already a friend of China Anne McClain! Give another chance
ya gotta have tickets to ...its sold out! Jo Snow cocktails will be a treat for ticket holders!
really what did he say????
- check 's feed
come visit some we can chat d48 during closing reception
Awwh, marshall!! That was so cute!
lol thx...it was good times :-)
right back to it.....
Prom is today! Skied!
haha glad to have 'round the office! Fun first week
I smashed my finger:(
Once again working all day on the computer doing social media!
think im only american my age who listens 2 charlotte church regualrly lol. been fan since her first album (i was 12) i m such a dork
Tonight there will not be a new show for the Paul and Matty Show!
I dont even give a fuck im gonna hike through the tundra and get beer wish a killa luck
Duct tape is like the force...it has a light side and a dark side, and it holds the universe together. -Carl Zwanzig
It's a gloomy Monday. But I'm full of caffeine.
The Tyrant is dead.
Going to my aunts laterr. Then gonna come home, & pack for Tennessee, :D
aw have so much fun!!
Heading to the new member retreat! Hope they're ready
This day has sucked!!
My mom gunna make me freaking late to school cus she decided to make herself breakfast....
I have a hunch that Andrew Bynum Is gay
Appalachian Granny is baking Lemon Meringue Pies fresh at Acme! Order one today! 614-732-2803
Thats good to hear and thanks things have been getting better. So what do you have planned this weekend?
I love the wY u are don't change a thing
Whew. Sometimes I get worried that you all confuse me with her. You know, because we're both so... oh, we're nothing alike.
a dumb argument about present and future success
Don't forget the fresh squeezed limeade either!
M indeed. A loverly combination.
you can always request a bike messenger. Its cheaper and greener
Yakov booked it. 7.9min/mi. 9 minutes ahead. But it appears from the route map that Dan has 4.7 instead of 3.7.
starting the show in one minute.. happy friday!
we need to hang soon
“: !!! RT : Good morning #TeamFitness. Let's make it a point to be in #BeastMode all week. Let's Go!!!”
Do Justin beiber fans have anything better to do then trend on twitter 24/7
oh my bad Stewart sorry I won't make that mistake again
loved meeting you&Chuck in Indy! Checked out YouTube-SWEET! Your newest fans hope to see you perform soemday!
So many fine girls with leggings in the city today, to bad I'm in school
i woun't dm it i swear
i feel powerful when i make it thru a day sick and all alone.
Great day tomorrow: few auditions lined up & then off to Opening Night of the NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL. See you there everyone!
JOHNSON IS SWAG :DD
do u know what today is?! #NSD!!! (: i get subway for dinner tonight! Oh yeah
YOu wasnt even talkin2 me @ lunch!
You really do.
Congrats to for helping the 76ers beat the Celtics in Boston for the 1st time since 1982
Check out our video feat. www.kylexingtoncommons.org
I'm sleepy as hell and this weather isn't helping.
takin' me back in time. Just heard Posse on Broadway on the streets of
Please follow me..
Family Secrets - my brother was prom king but he always wanted to be...PROM QUEEN! }:O
Thank you<3. ": r keeping me sane right now. music in...world out. #annoyed"
how do u link ur fb to ur twitter?
thanks for the insight. Makes me think of that of that bad guy from the Wild wild west, cant remember his name, hm.
My school is in the newspaper because my has a failing grade
Happy born day my gee
Happy New Year! Here's to an exciting 2012... no doubt we'll have a lot of White Whale milestones!
We're Putting Fort Wayne on the map! Come and be a part of it!
Dear Abby | Even kids need table manners
So many beats in my head, gotta get them out ASAP!!
Wwt is ip twitter
Let's face it, Rick got the empty box.
Wow! Tears r really coming now. Farewell 98.7KissFM! thank you for softening the blow w/another legend in his own right
Come on admit that was funny...I actually eat very healthy.
Congratulations Beyonce & JayZ welcome Little Princess.
dude, the turkeys are out of control. I had a face off with one on a trail in tilden a week ago. he wouldn't let me pass!
Wow- I read the blog before I saw your tweet. & finished the 5LL book 2 mnths ago. Coincidence?
I thought in your books 3 days feel like 20 years
ALA ED reports 25,444 official attendees at ALA Annual in Washington, DC.
My Updated Site: www.leagoldman.com
Ready for the game next week. Can't fucking wait!
I'm blowing up you're timeline? Tell me how much u hate me :)
We will be playing at The M Room Friday November 25th!!!
I have two weeks of school left and than three days of finals and I'm out of school!!!! Im ready to be a senior.
Goodnight, Twitter world!
We just had a free day. Hopefully we go Kayaking again!
Hey gays. <3333
I am so bored!! lol i think im going 2 hav a cleaning attack on my room :/ Grrrrrrrr My OCD kicks in when i clean ;)
you right
thank you so much Paul! :) Hope you're doing good!
just wanted to reach out on Twitter. Looking forward to meeting you in October in San Antonio.
church went good today. guess im just gonna go to bed. im tired and stressed out. no cigarettes and cant go get any
Okay, I'm not doing my exam study, but right now idgaf.
had a ball wit guess i gtta get sum rest cuz im n lil rock tomw
Definitely, considering Swedish house signed a 360 deal w/ EMI last year and everyone seems to know who Avicii is now.
I did not want to put you in a negative tweet cause you're a bundle of encouragement and love
i think i stepped on something that stung me... ow.
I'm glad you liked it. I figure I shouldn't leave anything out when I'm on my Texas game beat.
thank you for telling me the truth
I knew I hated my sister for a reason.
RT: what girl<--- for get it u didnt catch it lol
ndckxksosnsidnsdhgev sorry :c
At DGI's #eDiscovery & #RecordsManagement Conf today. Stop by the DLT/ booth and say hello!
If anyone is celebrating Father's day late, we'll have some great specials tonight - cowboy steak, tomahawk steak & surf and turf!
thanks for the mention!!
#KPUHunstman Huntsman: "put whatever i'm going to tell you tonight in proper perspective, because i'm just a loser!"
LoL me to! :L
One does not simply....Take a nap..
Getting a taste of jazz fest in my living room listening to - wish I was there in person!
hi guys
New metric: Mean Time Between Horrifying Discoveries #devopsdays (via )
what does it take to become the 158th person you are following? It would be an honor!
RIHANNA AND BRITNEY, FUCK YES.
LMAO you won, BYE
ACU nostalgia this afternoon thanks to lunch with and today.
thanks! and Happy Thanksgiving!!
The real Irish American history not taught in schools #edcampss teaching w/o a textbook
haha!!! No alcohol for me on this flight! Hahah
Thanks for contacting us! We'll send along an email response tomorrow. Have a great Sunday!
Finally getting around to watching Downton Abbey.
its chilling with the whites.
New report linking diet soda to strokes. Just another reason to put the sugar and acid combo down!
That was fun! Thanks to everyone that joined us on Turntable!
I don't do drugs.
LOTS of iTunes/Starbucks gift cards & mystery prizes to give away for #b2bexpo scavenger hunt. Come to our booth (318) to get the deets!
Humble sweet/yet definately a man, underneath my shirt, is even more sexy 4u babe..cut da lights off close yo eyes n let Daddy please u!
Joined the Princeton club today with Em. Goodbye love handles, hello eucalyptus steam room.
Os only team in division to win today
27 year old Brandon Roy is expected to retire due to degenerative knees. I'm torn up about this the NBA is losing a class act way to soon!!
Wow what a special guest! RT : We will be there next week! I'm coming all the way from Memphis.
RT Loved Act like a lady think like a man!! hella funny!
Will do, thanks!!
well we will ....I been practicing in my sleep
whatever. ;-) just kidding. What's the Voice?
I'm studying and listening to music.
no worries bud. My beauty transcends typical hetero/homosexual understanding.
SPJ Awards Banquet is sold out. Wait list available if you missed out.
Glad everything went well today. Take it easy and look forward to seeing you play later this season.
It can't go on! It can't go on! What can't go on? This baby's vest ? it's too small for me.
He loves me, he loves me not...HE LOVES ME
- is a jet setting, tech geek with mad-twitter skills. What's not to love.
Try the new Skinny Cow chocolate candies, or a few Tootsie Rolls! They will give the taste of bad chocolates for less cals!
you're welcome :)
*eyes widening with humor* So it seems. *Switching both bags to one hand, shutting the trunk door*
Not cool #dwts, not cool. Don't make me think was in the bottom
DayUM home girl got ass for days you can add a week to that shiiiiiii!!!!!!
Would you support raising taxes on internet purchases to help the state's economy? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
sky is blue etc
avs need everything ... Seriously let's get better!!
It was probably a combination of both. I don't really know how much you ate.
Sharing is good! :) Have a great day!
