I just heard #SaySomethin by Excuse Me While I Go Cry Because Of How Far Hes Gotten #Obsessed 😜
baby!!! I like you so so much);
lmao u gonna treat her like a queen.... and get me a raise if u fuck her right??!
I call it the Theology of Convenience. Whatever conveniently fits with my opinion.
we can work on a price that works for you. What's your email. You can DM it to me and we can figure something out.
Start your toss on set, stand up and go to wx center and by the time you're there, you start the forecast.
- of course :) and yeah ill be leaving sunday 645pm b there by like 130am
Goes to show he is not NBA material getting eaten up in NCAA needs more size, strength,
so why you bother to answer then if its that good to worries, its blackfriday hoes!!! yeah picture that!!!!!!!!!
that awkward moment when you realize you can't fit in a parking space after trying twice and you drive away while everyone looks.
I just saw Steven Tyler in a Burger King commercial. Just how expensive is rehab????
Don't make me turn this car around!
it's so true. Also, wanna find the problem, look in the mirror. wanna find the solution, look in the mirrow!
guess what salsa club is doing again? I'm so mad at them...
HAWKS!! Yes
- its an every night thing here. all 11 DVD sets.
I've watched that show like twice and didn't laugh at all that show is so boring
Harder than ever to adopt children - Adelaide Now
Really hoping Desmond Tutu's walk up music is either "Danger Zone" or "Hit Em Up"
Music Matters
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm going to tell everyone they suck.
thank you
Aetna Health CEO: focusing on behavior change, working with
Me too, but consuming that many carbs so quickly, it's not way possible to gain muscle alone, some of it will be fat.
yes you are. ;) hahah
..Fine. I dont have like any mouse left though.. So it won't look that great. (; IF I'm even at school..
If you don't know the difference between deer pellets, cow pies, and horse clumps, then you don't know shit
it's the talk of the office here. Between the Caps heartbreaker last night, now this, the mood is sullen to say the least.
Let's go Heat beat NYK
Serious question: How can I steal from one of those Redbox machines?
same shop, actually!
you havent gotten it back yet?!?
I think I will speak on the "war on marriage" later today.
I'm glad to hear that. That's what's up.
#Zack Ryder rocks woo woo woo
RT : Boulder police searching for man who fondled sleeping woman: Boulder police are looking for a man who crept into......
I don't think we ever clash but we do become frosty. - Ann Wilson
appreciate the blast! kudos
Channing Daughters and Wolffer both in Bridgehampton.
The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways. The point, however, is to change it.
Do you know wisdom when u see it fool?
Good Morning!! ♥
Looking for something to do? A great new service is on twitter, tweets about travel, deals, food, and all entertainment!
Well thank ya! RT : this night cant get any better, YOU'RE AWESOME
THE DANKIEST NEW STRAIN IN: LSD Bubba! Fresh, Super Frosty, Sticky Icky, Highly Potent Medicine! Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy! :)
Dear I would like to be able to highlight a list of text and turn it into a to-do list (like bullets and numbers).
Do so, but don't get your hopes up. Sadly, the CW cancelled it. No more hotties with long lashes and pretty blonde hair :(
#missyamore remember when we never went coneing
THIS GIRL!!! *victorious dance*
pink pants are #ballin. Just sayin'
320 million shares to be sold and I'm the dummy selling at the bottom?? With everything I know? Shakes are a good thing...
Havn Ben & Jerry's organic ice cream.. yum!
Happy 4th of July !!!! Have fun and be safe! Don't me cover you.
Don't think the guys cutting trees down up the street really wanted that one to fall most of the way across the street.
A recent study by HSBC, found people who planned for retirement had 5x the assets of those who did not.
An MBA is a career accelerator across a number of industries and MBA graduates can usually command higher salaries.
Wow, the James Bond of cinematography.
good luck in ur class chachi! :D
#RVA 70 yr woman slays spouse & son. RTD headline: mystifying? Maybe just isolated & hopeless? Reach out you may be a lifeline for someone
got you bro
President Sullivan has pancakes and sees on her napkin, "I think I'm in rat's alley, where dead men lost their bones."
Good Morning Baby Girl!
#OrlandoFashionWeek opens up with emerging talent. #OFW designers have skills wow!
I know...HUGE difference from last wk (missed a lot due to kid's soccer) but i wasn't impressed. now GA may compete for coach
See you at BSU Saturday.
I have it
im eating my whopper icecream........
Watching the post game...
#LAKERS #KINGS #DODGERS #CLIPPERS = #WINNERS FROM
Bank of America: Is &quot;Too Big To Fail&quot; A Failure?
Interstate Bridge Lift Complete.... traffic moving again into and out of Vancouver...
Tell Ariana Thank You Joan is trending worldwide for her mom! ♥
I Love you Liam ♥ you are beatiful♥
Boy walks in to a strip club and later his mom finds out, she says,"Did you see anything you weren't supposed to see?" "Yeah. I saw dad!"
You have to imagine it possible before you can see something
well ull never stand alone with us mahomies x love u austin please RT this and follow mee if u did my life would be amazing xx
The Library Vendor Call: A 45 minute visit: 25 min Fact Finding. The rep asks questions about your needs an collection. ProQuest Webinar
UMM absolutely!! So excited for the launch next! :D
“: it would make my sisters entire year if you chilled with her for valentines day. She's in carol city.”
Pizza & movie night with my two loves.
where you at
Final result, we're going to go South. We're going to go North first tho. -red line announcer
Daniel Negreanu Beat at EPT Grand Final, Will Take on ‘rUaBOT’ at Limit Holdem Challenge
ya it wasn't funny but went hard and dissed yall with that one
No problem. Looks like it's rear right leg is injured, but I dare handle it to find out. Good luck.
When we needed rain in the 1700s, we would balance a musket on a pig's back and sing "Here's to the maiden of bashful fifteen." Good times.
Omg gorgeous out today!
crushed his solo set last night at #SundayJazzLounge It was an incredible experience and great night all around!
Everybody wins! MT : The bright side of nobody winning the Fiction Pulitzer? All three finalists are trending on Goodreads now.
Finnaly I got the damn chicken
Yeo fuck I can't believe I'm already on summer break
LOL #TNT Crew has already put Kobe on a boat with new fishing gear.
Guy peed at NY Ave station. They said they were getting off at Silver Spring. I heard a woman in my car call to report.
last year, just discontinued my account entirely bc I USED to live in California and decided to not credit me for 6mos.
We are happy to welcome , , , to the #newhomefeed family!
Bulls don't play Jimmy Butler and lose...
Do we have any followers with Christmas birthdays?
happy work anniversary!
TOMORROW Vapid Youth Culture, The Unoriginals, I Can Bore Ever Sombitch in the House $10
maybe it's cause my ancestors ate monkeys and dogs but I could give a shit how they live bring on the pork!
do you mean "do you always wear that AWESOME hat?" If so, YES!!!
Never been so impatient to drink
I love that Virgin America added the ORD-SFO flight. Great experience. Very impressed with women ahead of me who had wine at 6:30 AM, wow
My master's project is approved! I'm actually graduating on the 19th. Sheer craziness!!
San Francisco: you're mine.
I found the secret of avoiding the dreaded 2-hour-long registration line at #swsw: pick it up while Joss Whedon talks. He did Buffy, right?
Happy Hump Day! "Fish, to taste right, must swim three times – in water, in butter and in wine."---Polish proverb I'm in a fishy mood! :)
Life is a carnival
burning old databases to disk.
HURRY and get your spots for this years biggest festivals, head over to facebook.com/centurymediaroadunit to find out how!
Work is going by so slowly. Help!
The future of UNF's chapter of Upsilon Phi Delta looks bright
I might stop by the later this month - the event is definitely on my radar!
Perhaps it was a poll dancer.
You can never be too careful when it comes to zombies.
My friend is mad cause he left his phone with me to go potty, mid convo with someone.. so I sent the message, "I like to pick my nose"
Just got new shoes at like midnight
New faces hm
You know it! #puttinginwork RT Beast mode, on! ;)
what's the word on Get Well Soon? It got a release date? Pumped to hear it!
Ik i may not be perfect but i try so hard to be the best at everythinq i do.
I'm only like 5'6", so I can find pants length-wise. It's the HIPS. Me and my friend would be the same size (11) IF I HAD NO HIPS!!!
I'm not sure because a lot of bands I like are going. Probably TDWP AA Whitechapel and As I lay Dying
Hello World. No baby as of yet. Amazingly, I will actually tell you when he does arrive. It's not a secret. So, please stop asking. XO!
Tonight in intro to pro fight...controlling the stand up to taking the head
Nostaligia for #books doesn't do it for me. Books have been nice, cozy cages:punctuation, grammar rules, spelling rigidity, boxes of paper.
Let's kill it tonight #GO!REDWINGS
The hardest things to collect are your thoughts.
Twitter is a most tough site to be on for celebrities. For it opens the gates for ur fans to contact u directly.
After Think Like a Man, Michael Ealy and Taraji's tongues are going to have their own IMDB.
I miss you!:) How've you been?:) I'm finally 18 now dude
“: 93482nd* 😉” haha thanks for catching that !
Be sure to support your neighborhood businesses on Small Business Saturday!
I have seen Remember the Titans about a thousand times ... But I still can't help but cry, every single time!
Thanks for the love and ! Yall Rock on so many different levels.
Yeah she's the first female serial killer!
Thanks, Lisa! (Like that name :)
Oh Coach Not Here Today :(
RT : Awesome... shortened his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx. That is modern divorce!
And NO!, I'm not bipolar, is just that you make me really mad when I'm extremely happy!!
Idk... That was a random as thought!
Ha. And then u could set up shop as a Abstract Consultant.
um. no. i wouldnt be your fan cause your a little cunt.
Volleyball?? more like VolleyBORE !!!!
come to Columbus, Ohio. One person will care!
What I figured. New apps coming out today too. Google has been busy changing things over.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought i was the shit and i acted a damn fool...smh
Annoyed! Annoyed! Annoyed!!!
I have 26 bottles of nail polish...
You're never patient among 100s of people that look depressed at the county hospital
: Shouts to !! His new single "So Good" sold 170,000+ in the first week & debut on Billboard's HOT100 Chart @
Creating an abundance of love in your life draws the support of the universe and opens you to loving relationships with others.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
“: Watching #Idol on a slight DVR delay. First up is the increasingly awful Phillip butchering CCR. Grade : D” agree!
This minimization of blacklife is terrible. Life no matter what nationality is of value.
Declutter Financial Files, and Organize Your Life - Fox Business
The essence of our business is all are contacts are prescreened and maintain impeccable reputations.
it's so no bootycall
Just finished a great presentation about India's water industry by e rep from Confederation of Indian Industry
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO BRIANA :D IS UR NAME SPELL WITH DOUBLE N OR JUST 1?
it's really great. sigh.
yes and todays will keep u on the edge
I would love to do that!:]
thanks best love you
The headache I have right now<<<
I have literally destroyed all of my Victoria's Secret sweatpants.... Time to go shopping!!!!! 💗
Did the ocean drive 5k in 19 min 17 secs not bad but need to get faster!!!
Mr ML is at Dark Lord Day, a crowded outdoor beer fest, in 40 degree windy weather. I am at home with kittehs and JLP.
is so wonderful! He surprised me with the bluray from the concert we were at!
The Obama-Bell tape is Blake Edward's "Skin Deep" and the Pollak/Shapiro blitz is the ad campaign leading up to it...
finally it's today:) thievery corp, I can't wait to see you live!
Thanks Keep capturing your awesome ideas!
6 days, 2 weeks, 5 years, It's all unacceptable!!
RT : So the question arises, how do you decide if you r a hero or a villian? What r the defining characteristics?
Thank you all, was very helpful! RT : amazing #datavistalk w/ moderated by incredible
Thankxxx for the follow. Prepare yourself...
no just #Fentcy and
Thanks Steve, you were a great innovator and helped us all everyday. You will be missed!
You have to Take A pic with a I <3 for the fb Yung Deet
You've brought this upon yourself
Ahaha im eating the same thing RT : Oatmeal (Gross stuff but healthy) , Bacon, and Boondocks 8)
Thank you for the support!
even better, smplfy
Can't wait for the NFL draft tonight
oaky we will visit you
That moment when u get so drunk you quit drinkin 4 a month! Lol
Pagination active throughout Scalar importers!
i would just like to compliment you on the pure geniusness that is this tweet.
Lmaoo RT : I wanna eat Arroz con Pollo out of Whoopi Goldberg's Crotch.
A Code of Conduct for Content Aggregators.
Follow me bck if im on your TL thanks
Lol.. thats how I was feeling Prophet... But I feel better now!!!
Otoh, the captain sounds like ' Matt Damon! Wonder if we'll sit on the Tarmac for 15 minutes...
. since med marijuana is legal they should legalize medical rape & medical child molestation since its basically the same thing.
break a leg!!!!
thanks Frank! Found the error hopefully!
I can help you with that . <3
where do you stay?
aw, thanks boo
Groundhog Day is an excellent film. Who agrees?
no you needed them to run through the forest
I'm so happy
A4. As long as the hotel is walking distance from the beach, I think I can handle it (THINK)
rough markets... Whatever. It's definitely 's fault
William's 'habitat' image in for Louisiana
Nothing exciting going on today in the small cap world..$GYRO is the only one on my radar
Hey there! I sent you a facebook message, let me know what you think!
thanks so much, Sophie! :)
Wow! You didn't tweet anything stupid about D. Rose tonight?
So now Anzalone will end up a Gator. Sketchy that dad acted like the Trivia guy and "OSU isn't right" was the reason. Gator grad, btw.
Gorgeous coats!!!! Wow and I was coat hunting...THANKS!
This Asian girl is opening gifts at the bar and I. am. on. the. edge. of. my. seat.
We wonder if anyone actually says, "I'm so happy it's Monday!" Case of the Mondays anyone?
Makes two of us. Record of the year? RT : Just listened through the Foster the People record. I am satisfied.
#WeWontWorkOut if you smell like road kill
Finally heading home after long day at work...
same been tweetin like a bird
Rainy Monday...so unusual ;)
if you needa talk, I'm here bo!
Chris Brown is a bitch. That is all.
"Don't ask yourself what the world needs; ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is
#tweetoftheday Thanks for the laugh. :-)
very true!!
Life seemed so much simpler before
Blessed & highly favored!
Maple Bacon donuts are on board today!!! Yummy
bye guys see you tomorrow
Austin got Verified #YEE congrats
"Vicious high school bully grows up to run for President" sounds like the cliched premise of a bad movie.
based on what?
Community is the new professional development.
awesome! Def keep me posted on your progress -oh, and welcome to the empowering running community!!!
WHO WANTS TO BE IN MY VIDEO IM MAKING FOR ?! ;D
Tickle the monkey Peter!
can't believe you left I saw you winning it all I hope everything works out for you and that millions will be listening someday
I'll be the president some day
National Corporate Research is now on Twitter! Follow us for industry news and updates about our services!
where u at?
I'm feeling kind of hungry cause my high is coming down...
so true. contagious too RT ": Heartbreak is inevitable"
why did you just tweet shark week?
omg i know!
thanks... I will check h out.
im depressed ;(
Keep seeing LaDanian Tomlinson () on NFL Network today; hope that doesn't mean retirement coming soon.
I'm gonna stay up all night and send in hundreds of votes for each crew EXCEPT 8Flavahz.
Wal-mart late night is only yelling and screaming at the cashiers. Great, free entertainment.
my night was interupted too by it, i was enjoyin scream2
No, just that some are comfortable w/ public domain genomes b/c, for example, DNA is often not deterministic
Before he was an actor on one of TV's hottest shows -- he was just another cute kid growing up in Canada
wondering what I was thinking when I tried a Newcastle Brown in LA... not the same, not bad, but not the same !
Tonights Pick Results: Rangers (P), Dodgers (W), Blue Jays (W), Mets (L), Cardinals (W), Knicks-10 (L), Celtics+10.5 (W), Nats (W), Wings(L)
rushers i can't be storng anymore just let me go
Let's go timon!!! Upset canisius#court side
“: "whenever I puke I almost shit myself"”
sorry I couldn't join yal tonight
I'm trying to think of the last notable #NFL retiree that didn't join Brett Favre doesn't count since Deanna won't let him use phones
This. RT : Sorry ... but I'm enjoying California's slide to fiscal hell. Those idiots elected Jerry Brown. Payback is a bitch.
i'm doin good, what's new :)?
Yoyo dieting! i had never heard of SOFI (Skinny outside fat inside) as a technical term.
OH: I can only eat pizza standing up.
just wait. I'm kicking you in the nuts during my wedding.
Me too (Sunnyvale)! I just shared your post w/ my classmates. Even better after a few days with good comments & links.
listen to If You Told Me To its so cute, I love him lol
I want to reach as soon as Friday, to get out and enjoy a lot with my friends ... Heather,Jolie, , and my boo ! #very cool...
I think people are starting to pick up on that...finally.
Next week... Treat-a-Trick Halloween Party!!
Good night.
Shooting range was fun
SOX: Per NESN's , INF Pedro Ciriaco was in the #RedSox clubhouse in Kansas City after the game. Expect something today.
Jay-Z - Say Hello......saying i'm a bad guy, why i it that? swear my back always against the wall, deep inside i know you admire that...
The casino was good to me last night.
come on
If idiots could fly, my school would be a f*cking airport.?
U no I no its gonna b good girl!
looking fwd to hearing it!!
Cccctttttffffuuuu lol RT": Just because you edited you picture and made it lighter does not mean you're #TeamLightskin"w
Much better. Have a compromise-free weekend!
just finished changing a car battery...first time ever doing work under the hood. It went rather well
"Dada life dropped million voices and I died of happiness, also they had/ate bananas while DJing"- my sister is awesome Called it
Just getting up...
yes please ! i can write any other poem except this one hahaha
They have contracts that say they cant gamble unless its for charity.. Its legal in the eyes of law.. Not team owners
When I can't get signal for my phone very well...I go lion king on it
(jen) Script writing at Vince's Cafe in Renton this morning. I get too distracted in the office for focused writing.
My phone is a piece of shit
Had a successful&enjoyable day Reading at the Healers' Fair Unity Christ Church, in Surfside SC-The right place at the right time.
“: Looking for some new indie music and producers... know of anyone who should be on my radar?” yeah. ME.
- Perkins should have a gangster Alter boy movie franchise. It'll be the scariest thing since Shaq did that genie movie.
I love feel good music
No EOC's for me bitches.
Busy Day tomorrow!!!! Wedding, Bridals, then off to MAC I go!!
Yay I don't have class tomorrow! Oh wait, my teacher scheduled us to have a clinical assessment lab where we are videotaped.
Good question. Don't know, but keep following and we may find out.
getting some great applications for #thatcampcbus. keep 'em coming everyone!
Thank you! :) That was a lot of fun!
Dear rich people paying #KMart layaways around the country: I will be at #Target on #SantaMonica Blvd today with many things I can't afford.
Michele Malkin could use an orgasm or two. Geez!
If i could open my heart and show you where you laid in it i would.
It's not about being what everyone wants you to be, it's about being yourself and finding someone who truly loves you for what you are.
Exactly. Need to make point while issue is hot. Too many die.
Off to the gym
He say I'm the realist out. I say that makes two of us.
Maybe because spring #fashion brings so many frills and flowers. Stripes strike a nice balance.
Cant sleep /:
I want to unfollow a bunch of people but I'm too lazy!
Submitted a job application with a résumé that doesn’t make me look crazy. Too bad I had to remove my stint as atime-travelling nazi hunter.
WHERE ARE YOOOUUUUU???
You ROCK!!
Amen.. can say it all you want but until you go out and do it, its meaningless....just a bunch of words
Oh my god. Who are these people?? It's like you uncovered the dark side of Pinterest. And now I know they're there.
How'd everyone enjoy Cravings on Clark last night?!
Protein-only meals just suck. I also need veggies, fruits and lotsa luck!
Fucking up Justin Bieber's lyrics of 'I Need Somebody to Love'... Change it to, "I Need Somebody to Fuck"
3 run homer from ! 9-6 lead at top of 17. let's hope Davis or whoever comes in as our pitcher can hold it down for the
it's never a good thing when your office is brainstorming what illnesses are best for losing weight
Why are people different? Why do I move how I do and someone else doesn't? Why is one man's trash another man's treasure? I'm amazed by it.
Gonna fucking chug tonight (: and then triple cs tomorrow!
I'm waving at you #ryankennedy! Greetings from Washington State!
#ConfessionHour we're drifting apart , and im tired of throwing the rope out to save us ...
The new tosh.0 last just wasn't the same without and
thank you (:
You gone have some cereal there.? RT : open house july 7
Gonna be a georgeous week in the chi! Enjoy!
I love free!
im watching royal pains
Need interior architecture or design? is your team. Designing Denver's Business for 36 yrs (psst..they did our space)
ugh I know, but I'm actually pretty good c: yourself?
haha I mean we only have the class 2 days a week. There's a 89.99% chance we won't have English Thursday
appreciate it.
Ifiwereabasketballplayer I'd be Russel Westbrook hated because I'm good at what I do
in DC for the weekend! :(
Haha! I'm glad u like the shirt, it's one of our best sellers! I'd love to see a pic of u in that shirt too! Thx again! :)
#Today is the day of rest and for those that went #raving i hope u guys got home safe. #MONDAY is a new #week of work and no play.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
Come on Packers! We are giving up too many big plays
MT Twitter is hard. [seconded!!]
ha! So lifelike!
This afternoon: Locked myself in an office to do mortal combat with whiteboard for three hours. Now: Coffee and trying to decipher who won.
Heading Back to
#replacebandnameswithbacon ... wouldn't that mean all band names would be "Bacon"?
the gallery is not agreeing with me...will fix... ;)
New twist. Clover machine is open. Looks like the inside of Luke Skywalker's fake hand.
Fun day with the mates!
Did you give them a pep talk?
talks with my older sister>> i miss that girl
morning decisions are often the worst kind. I can't name how many genocides were decided before 9am.
I am seriously jealous of 's epic dance moves... #Directioner <3
NO PITT WILL ALWAYS SUCK!!
#SPORT . favoriate dish was the Jo Jo rubbed cap steak. Deeelishh!
Penelope Cruz in Armani Prive -- lots of purple on the red carpet tonight.
so good!
I thought the same thing. Twin sons of different mothers.... Hm... name that album.
"If I had one chance to do anything I could to you, I'd watch you suffer as you beg for help."
You don't want to get a cramp!
Past several weeks I've been hearing a vaguely familiar song from neighbor's apartment. Just realized it's the 'Dallas' theme song. What.
happy birthday girrrllll! :)
#fridayreads Shutter Island by Dennis Lehane
Saturday Market, beautiful day to just walk the waterfront. (:
You wrong for that
My quote of the day
Sign up for That's how I got #PalmoliveFreshSponge. This one was a Mom VoxBox, so you non-breeders lost out ;)
#fridaylistens Al Capone does my shirts
Not playoffs yet. On to the next one.
Or we just search the tag to reach the files......
right after lunch.
awh, I will share! It's a M! It's like the traveling pants.
Just had some "relaxed young ladies" come in my store and one told her friend..."My edges are natural!" Lololol too cute!!!
My new friend here made fun of me for liking #RBD, so I continue to stand alone.
dude see tahay? how can i reach you. i am student Marquette University. i hope you gonna visit our school
RT : I've been stocking up on empty bottles of elmer's glue, and thousands of no. 2 pencils. I hope that's enough.
Hi Donna! You're on twitter! Do you know if my Sarnia cousins are too?
Maybe my sister is right!
Halp! 3 yr old refuses to SLEEP! Any hints for the wild eyed parents?
That's great, and it could pay for college, as well
Finished the book "The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt" by Edmund Morris
Aug 12. Tweet You called it 12-4 on way to Dallas. Go Ravens. Thank you Madam Mayor.
I dig it!
Any of you on the #JWhitesidesST who don't have Facebook tweet me.
Life can be difficult sometimes. How do you deal with tough situations?
we can't thank you enough for spending your afternoon with the VLP!
....Hall and Hardy had virtually the same numbers in Milwaukee back in the day
thank you for the follow! Happy holidays!
Border Patrol is now threatening to throw rocks at San Diego ACLU staff. Today, even more than other days, I am proud to be at the ACLU
#SOTD is Informal Gluttony by Between the Buried and Me.
Ganem Jewelers of Scottsdale amp AwatukeeFine Jewelry Gemstones and Timepieces - tag heuer watch
Gonna have a fun day with the family!!
The exponent today has by far the poorest example of a spotlight ive ever seen.. dont include it if the answers suck.
Visiting us this weekend? Arrive early to avoid expected traffic delays in Griffith Park. Should be a gorgeous weekend!
Next up from - "Locomoto" where kids design and build #rubegoldberg machines to do simple tasks. Wild and wonderful.
best. houseboat. ever.
Random concert invites are the best. B-52's tonight haha
Idk how people go without a/c I'm finna die!!
Cant.....breaaathhheee. lol ((: EXCITED; about a few things ^__^
Andre Branch from Clemson is going to be beast, watch and see.
I didnt even see :(
I think my mom is ready to kill me, i've had 11:11 on repeat for almost 2 hours straight now!(:<3333
If a woman wants something she leaves. If a man wants, he finds the woman wherever she is gone!
do you have a lot of people calling you garden supplies?? Must be a fetish
guys still say that wow smh
David: You're like Maude from Harold & Maude. You drive away from the police. You have this batty optimism that embraces pessimism. Me: Aww!
I'll be home next weekend! Let's do it! :)
#libday8 just had a Proquest refresher training, course guide cleanups, reading stuff, writing things... having a good Wednesday!
no Jessica had a huge surge of West Coast voting RT : Do you think it will be wrong again this week??? :(
which plays best on an iPhone? That's how I usually decide. Can't remember the last vimeo I watched on my phone...
A corporation's first goal is to earn money. Government's primary role is always to take a large chunk of that money and give it to others.
now that guy works hard! and has finished his school! proud of him:) <3 ------------->
Now we need to work on Consol Energy Center!
You should promote your musicx on Twitter, xspecially my song Sex Drive!!!
Why are you talking spanish. Lmao
A recession is when your neighbor loses her/his job. A depression is when you lose your job. A recovery is when Obama loses his job!
phone died.Ima call you back babe!<3
Bend It Over Touch Yo Toe Whip It Out Show dem Hoes Yo Bankroll Do The Broke Hoe Wit It Poke It Out DAMN Shawty u CAN Get It
You NEVER told anyone Brandi that I get my liquor served to me in my Capitol Office by 3 pm, wine, vodka (don't smell) U R MY FRIEND BRANDI
I know right.. it's a blessing and an extra problem lol
who cares you stayed in the bungalow...stop putting it out there....we know u rich!
dancing dancing dancing
uh oh.
damn dawg got it like dat? I'm a tell em I kno black ty so I can get a girl
I think I need to raise some prices, I don't want to but embroidery is a time consuming craft.
Let me know what you think!
UNREAL. so proud TR xo RT yep. 's asst. my dude just sold his script to make a movie. SO SWAGGY.
"Walk like John Wayne"
Kat thanks for the MIH updates! Are you at the game?
Why an I always hungry? Anorexics need to tell me their secret.
Got my player pass =] See you both at Anaheim!
could you join us in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk possible Bulls/Rockets trade? on live 5-9 am. ty.
If you're on Twitter, please join me at Twitter
I try to make a difference in these girls lives but instead they are making a difference in mine !
I looked at them, shrugged, said "okay, what's your point? You wanna cookie for being mad? Take a number and get in line"
Chase your dreams. Don't let anyone tell you that you can't or shouldn't. Get up, get out and prove them wrong.
learning about twitter
IT WAS POGO'S WORLD BABY AND I JUST LIVED IN IT
I also rather like Paul Bettany although he's never actually seen in the ironman movies. Great actor.
A win is a win, but our offense has GOT to step it up. Still, happy to be 4-1.
Occupation of making cheesecake makes me happy? :-) .cc
no bike. Need to get back on. I have been bad lately. :-/
Thank you! Hope all is well with you and yours ... :))
TWEET ME QUESTIONS AND ILL TELL YOU WHICH ICONIC BOY YOU LOOK BEST WITH
Heads-up to non-museums followers, I'm at a museum conference for a few days. If 3G is reliable the #AAM2012 tweets might start flowing.
can't believe no one gave you a hard time about this tweet
To be clear, when one tries to quote someone, he/she should use quotations. And were you trying to attribute quote?
Congrats to - our top #drupa tweeter of day 5 - for great photos of #xeroxdrupa - who will be top tweeter for day 6?
Just found out where the goddamned nutmeg was!
My students are my strongest advocates - Diane Chen
Pat Kane singing at
" Manning joining the Broncos is weak and not intimidating. I say PALMER is the answer to all questions!" - Raider Fan
3 #hockey games this week?!? guess i can't really complain :)
Thanks for the mentioning us! Will we be seeing you ladies at #WineRiot NYC?
is getting a headstart on March by turning her calendar today!
Just got done learning interwebz stuff at today! I'll be back many many times to learn more!
the rich boy swag!!
stormy in San Diego.
Where you heading? Must be by car if #beer coming along.
Thanks, Jim. Things pick up in the second half!
We were all hot last night! Eliza is the best!! Thank you all :) #WhiteKidWasted Amazing night!
Nick is so perfect to me. like I don't find any flaws with that kid. Is that normal? Oh well
MARK MY WORDS, WE'RE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!
No one is perfect , that's why pencils have erasers.
aww thank you..but no you are the best.
Love you girls. Thanks for making it out. RT : Back to our roots #supper happy bday Ravi!
Ingenuity is about to make major announcements about the AMAZING caterers of #IngenuitySpeakeasy, happening this Fri! Stay tuned!
Kinda diggin' the Smiths radio right now...
Dang, we missed it.
I really hate when people do that, so now I'm mad at myself for not noticing earlier
Triple-Double Bynum
sidewalk prophets the words I would say. Love u.
lol no you're the #klout king!!
Reasons why your ad might not be seen: Viewer clicks to another page before loading. Ad blockers. Multiple homepage sets,says
damn..i woke up and my head hurt from all those pin-curls. well i'm finn'a take 'em out..gunna be interesting.😳
Killer awesome productive day! I think I just beat a personal record. Feels great!
Time to put my good Spanish IB skills to good use
RT The Best Exercise Information for Weight Loss
Vancouver, BC. Hardly seems like it qualifies as "abroad" but it does. Thought of you whenever we heard French being spoken.:)
softball then shopping . :)
People at school.. :-/
Me: Dad are you talking to yourself? My dad: Well if I want to have an intelligent conversation, I have to talk to someone intelligent. haha
Admit it... We've all wanted someone or something we can't have.
Strawberry Daiquiries @ the Gazebo by La Casita: 9/10 for great flavor and ample serving of rum. $5.50.
im sad now im 14 i cant go to Anaheim
This peanut butter I'm eating better help me on my EOC. 😁
“ Happy New Year! 2012!”
Where the weed @
Fuck i hate this place-_-
Pickup Line: Why do I have a pierced tongue? You'll soon find out.
thanks a lot i appreciate that!
Maybe someday in the near future, we will be.
What's everyone doing or gonna do this sunday ?(:
Operation GSR is in progress ; )
#AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her laugh and makes her really happy and doesnt make her cry
Getting ready to mail cards soon.
When I read someone's texts, I can hear exactly how they'd say it.
well I still miss you xD
The problem is, whenever we talk, I fall in love with you all over again ♥
iment oh ok
New Year, new tweeters to follow
#work mode again
lets agree to disagree on this one.
Where've you been?
Reserve the right to change your mind! You don't have to be certain about everything. Go with the flow, and trust yourself. Sky's the limit.
need 4 more followers to get to 100
Thanks for tweet about StumbleUpon, I wasn't familiar with it...learned something already this morning.
Starting to feel sleepy, have to shake it off though :/
so what
I've been without internet since Friday...I hate Broadstripe.
Thank I have no school today 😍
#iHavethatonefriend that me & her crack our selfs up 😂
HOW can you be an adult and think FOR is spelled with an 'e' ? Our required public schooling takes us a little higher than that, right?
Don't hate on people who made The list for MTV this is about unity support them. Keep working & your blessing will come your way
- Actually, NH is hilarious, on many different levels. Laugh about things we shall. (Tho, witty observations mostly falls on you)
Tips for the Airsoft Beginner optimal protection
wish it was you and me!
Happy Leap Day! I'm looking forward to reading all the "This Day in History" themed tweets
My mom is the most loving woman on earth!
let us know if you any more questions or concerns
absolutely incredible show, thank YOU!
what u did loser
Please, no more Rescue Heroes Marketoons! With characters named Wendy Waters & Rocky Canyon,do ya think the writers watched any adult films?
It's not just the goodbyes that hurt, it's the flashbacks that follow.
hahaha girl your right up on my level!
Tnx for the mentions follows and RTs!
Don't forget, today at 2:00 come learn from 's about RSS feeds at Kyle Morrow.
I love you baby cakes!
Never that!
Prom is suppose to be all happy && I'm just getting annoyed by it. I rather go to Denny's and watch a movie with my bf as my "after party"😊
ha, we're for you, we got your back.
the hats and anything with on it
Have a Happy and Safe Weekend everyone!
we use it all the time When we buy a song on Itunes it can be shared instantly between 5 devices for $25 a year.
Homeless Pick-Up Line: ..I have a chicken in the fridge.
I love you, Tony Kemp.
“: No I ordered the Antarctic blue super sports wagon with the CB and the optional rally fun pack.
follow me _:))
My grandfather was offered a contract to pitch for the Red Sox back in the 30's but turned it down to join the FBI.
OMFG, THANK YOU SO MUCH! I really appreciate that! I'm excited now! omg. seriously tho, THANK YOU!
not when it's diarrhea and he's 4!!
Try a new lighter color in your living room or bedroom for Spring! See what a new look and some sunlight can do for your favorite rooms.
I just bought one of everything on the shopping list.
Congratulations to all my fellow graduates today! We made it:)
thank you ;)
CNN: Deficit vote delayed "and the House moved on to the naming of a Post Office in Illinios." Is this a joke? Besides aren't they closing?
who let these hoes in my room
For you, i would.
My guess is because you never went to medical school.
thanks for tweeting !
theres a british word for nap!... Kip! #incaseyouwerewandering :{D
devin pulling an all nighter? i think so :)
Heading to watch 8th grade partner class present community problem solving...to DC City Council!! #awesome!!
every try humboldt fog ICE CREAM? i may have to make that
where is she going to?
How did you get it?
In dev. mode; my fonts stopped being served when the previews went down yesterday & still aren't working. Any known issues?
thank u so much 4 working on my tat. U are truly talented, w/ a beautiful heart, & I'm blessed. 2 have u 4 a friend.
you are so beautiful girl!! Just started following you. you awesome
Thanks for mentioning our 4/10 exhibition!
#AmericanIdol is a constant reminder to never underestimate the number of crazy people that roam this planet.
people who dodn't learn who theyre tagging outta die, your death would be a special event
There is no health without mental health.” #MentalHealthAwareness month
Currently in deep contemplation about WIP. When is it to E to quit?
Should be a great weekend ahead!
Saw the Three Stooges last night. Great film and it has an amazing soundtrack
Animatic cut! The painless and fun part is over. Looks so good. Unfortunately the rest is going to be talking head heavy. And it's my head.
Probably won't tweet today.
In the trunk of a car #YOLO :p
Dear math, I’m not a therapist. solve your own problems.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our giveaway last night. We love giving you free tea! Especially if you like
would like to say something clever without revealing too much of his inner monologue but isn't feeling particularly clever today.
This isn't the first time you've heard it: Fridays are for firing. But, is it right? When do you think it is best to deliver bad news?...
Taylor Gang or be in team
time is moving so slow.
I respect Sugar Shane for making it through tonight. He needs to take his $600k & have a seat. Forever.
As of today, I'm putting away the gopro..seems to put people on edge. The etch alone still does the job for standing out.
I get to see Charlie Morton pitch tomorrow. Okay, I'll take it..
Yes you will!!(:
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, ca…
Hot! Thanks for the tweet! RT : Spinning 's album! Loving it!
Oh Goodness...What happened back in Nov? Well I'm glad you're still smiling :-)
We're looking forward to a great 2012! Here's to a Happy New Year friends!
Sconnies on the ground beat DC talking heads any day of the week!
no photo of the girls when clicking the link from a mobile device.
If only life was as easy as custom building a pc....
Omg Rachel's face. So broken..
It's on my bandcamp but it's not for DL....I might change it to that since I no longer have the beat lol
I love rhianna!
If you are struggling with your mortgage contact me THERE IS HELP AVAILABLE......
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough-Mario Andretti (via:
lol , hell yeah .
I woke up this morning and said ima get it....turned right over and I gave that the bitch the BUSINESS.!
I Found my Debit Card.
Thanks for the support folks! Finished lap 5 but getting my butt kicked. Over 40 miles in - resting now.
did I freak you out or would you still like to chat
if you actually want a girlfriend you should probably stop tryna fuck with me and 10 other girls loll.
Why am I not laying by a pool right now??
I don't care if we have nothing else to say, just as long as I'm talking to you, I'm okay*
Oh god the crazy people are starting to come out of the wood work
AHH platonic love, i'm making myself look like a fool right now. i need advice from you tomorrow. it's about uh.. that person.
I think you're right. I hope you have a great time while you're up here.
dang, just let her call you & I have some news for you about him :)
Denver might send the Lakers fishing! HaHa
yea i would be tilted too. I'll be there the 18th to the 22nd for main event
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause ya breathe smell lik u been suckn on shit tarts all week..eeww u got medical..use it!
Next steps for #BHLib...final discussions to close
I hope so too! You can spin that as being detail-oriented and a critical thinker!
C-A-T-S Cats Cats Cats!! Come and be a part of The Big Blue Nation..
Congrats on the new position at Publix, would love to hear more about it and if Publix is doing more of allergen safety
JUST IN: David Fussenegger cotton receiving blankets. Perfect for shower gifts.
look out for my new song #WhatIDo prod. by off coming soon album
Did this seem like a good idea when you started planning it? Should have listened to me....
#FF thank you for your support! Part deux:
I love T's with something on the front and back!:)
Join us for Power Hour today from 4-7!!!! Come get 10% off your froyo! Then stop by next door to check out Cricket's $19.99 Android deal!
That hideous pic of me u posted!
Diet anything is nasty.
i feel like shit :/ fuck red week someone talk to me and make me feel better! in bed watching movies/anime with <3
They Say The Skys The Limit . HOW ,.?! Im Moonwalking , Hoe .
Via Blazers spokesperson confirms Paul Allen will interview GM candidate Friday but not whom (likely Morway).
Thanks and ! Big hugs from !
What do you use for your tax returns?
Than you. We are in process of securing a new wind energy technology for Indian Country which includes 4 MWe storage.
NYC's population is at a record 8.175 million. I love this city.
follow me on instagram
If we made like a little 30 minute home made video with us in it, would you guys watch it?
that smile♥
Anti-Gay? I love Ellen!!! Oh I can't get enough of Lil Wayne so why shouldn't I Support HOMOSEXUALITY? O_o
Just wanted to thank everyone for tuning in this morning to The Fish Radio. We had a lot of fun!
The mentality of "All or nothing" is the path of the #DarkSide. A democratic solution should be the first option.
What tattoo design do you want? Happy almost bday wkd!
DATA Act builds a single elec system combining spending info fr/ agencies Treasury & directly fr/ recipients of fed funds cc
50 bucks this episode will be continued -______-
Pickin up hours left and right cause that's just how I roll
School's almost over after hard day of westest :D
So many articles on the #gsu decision to read, so little wifi
Seems like its time to release my house mix, what do you guys think?
been so busy working we hardly tweet !! big thank you to all the supporter's thats been sticking by our side !!! dv 2012 revamps (-:
"If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner."
What was your most awkward moment?
Just got asked if I have ever dated an Asian..... Uhmm.
rest up and get well for the TDF!
At the very least, you should be using #facebook to syndicate content.
CONGRATULATIONS! on being closer to graduation. No pressure but you'll be expected to BIG and better things future CONA grad.
So I'll probably catch a lot of flack for this, but I like Creed. Always have
you going to B2B?
Looking for local #Philly and #Delco bakers 4 a Cupcake competition to benefit Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, June 23rd. Anyone interested?
can i vacuum u
dinner: the dark side of campus dining.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
A running skirt? It doesn't look silly?
love it! Good work :)
LMAO hell naw! I'm stayin my ass in TX! RT I'm gonna be feeding dat #DATERAPECAKE in June lmao
is wearing a lungi.
hey why were you singned out today
Sanctify Them By YOUR Truth Father, YOUR Word Is Truth! John 17:17. Jesus IS The Word. John 1:1. Read The Leather Bound Book. It Sanctifies!
the market is taking a beating but BARZ is up 15% and buys are still coming in
New Twitter iPhone app is slow enough to be utterly useless. Sticking with TweetBot!
Phone=Shit. Call or message if you've been trying to text me.
"I'm burning up, burning up for you baby" I gently whispered as my fever progressed
Oh no. I'm sorry to hear that. I hope that you will be ok
haha they only have talked twice so yeah... Or my mom will want to take me.
Meanwhile, at Exeunt towers, has punched a hole in the wall and an odd sort of sunlight is streaming in.
Man if stuff come out right ill have a party to remeber worken hard on it !!!!!!
Like I told u I'm somethin like a freak!!!
Not down on Tebow personally; admire altruism; just don't like it when some1 says every1's going 2 hell if u don't blv in their religion.
Wikipedia goes dark to protest #SOPA. Reporters, students around the world forced to find real sources for research.
I am feeling so much love for #AnnieClark #StVincent right now. So much.
SO FULL NOW I NEED TO WORK ON PSYCHOLOGY
Some crazy Jayhawkers out in OKC tonight.
Subway dont sound bad right about now
hahahahha direct messages! You see the blue dot on the right corner? On the one shaped like a man? Click on it
Please RT...Thank you.... for MVP
#2010was also the year we finished our technology move. All on Mac OSX, Kashoo for accounting, Google Apps everything. Bye Microsoft!
Haha man if I was mean person I'd say some.mean shit to people but I just choose not to care stay laid back
She was like my favorite! Everything just feels so wrong now!😱
Well we won't be fucking!
good lookin out we'll change the password
Why people gotta always write a cheezy little message giving relationship advice with Drake's picture in the background
Brunch? On a beautiful, sunny Saturday morning. Oh yes! 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas, brunch and regular menu available, AND espresso bar!
Oregon Coast Memorial Weekend Highlights, Events: (Oregon Coast) – For three days, most of the work-a-day world just stops and vacati...
I have a bridal shower to go to.. but sat might go to a bbq at an aquaintances. ^_^ you would like bk book fes. Poetry. ^_^
thank you 😉
information works are so nice! Thanks Jack and Anthony.
- yeah, would like to see that over coach & lolls this year I think.
Today is a scrub kinda day...
I think #ViolaDavis looks phenomenal rocking her #natural locks!
#OpeningDay Go #Brewers!!!! #Brewers ,
Have been praying for you and all involved. Thank God you and your mom are safe.
Watching the Hunger Games :)
Thanks Mary for following!
Thanks for RT! He is a good kid!
A third person Kaitlin is better than a first person Kaitlin : P
IRB exemption submitted. Major props to awesome colleagues willing to drop everything and review materials on short notice! :)
#InstantTurnOn if you like coffee, good rockbands, and pokemon
Our prayers go out to the Ohio high school shooting victims and families this morning.
Any1 else loving #lordsofacid #deepchills as much as I am? This album competes w/Voodoo-U
Thank you!! Rachel's CBD has donated over 35k to JDRF and hoping to reach 100k soon!
Vinci walls by the wayside in Barcelona Roberto Vinci followed compatriot Francesca Schiavone out of the Barcelona Open as she was swept
That performance was perfect omg.
All you are ever gonna be is mean.
The #solitude of Earth / The grace of dance embrace / You are so proud! / The scattered leaves / slowly circling / their way to the ground
when ever I get the chance to slide through
#10BasicFactsAboutMe dos::music is my forte; singing, playing my violin, writting a song on the piano
Hey, there I am! Thanks for the mention! RT Agree. She's awesome. RT : Amy Dvorak lnkd.in/t35rVK
ohh i was like you a G for that finally lol got my acceptance
Come by for the event at !
"Why is my sleeping bag a ghetto muppet?" by Chin Up Chin Up
#ThingsThatILike, my absolutely lovely life :)
Graphic Design Services --> Posters, DVD Packaging, Flyer, Postcard, Signage, Logos, Websites and more - The Actor Store www.Actor-Store.com
#MtTabor is awesome on days like today! Snacks, #hikes , Dottie, and sweet #chicagoan company! What more could I want?!
On Wisconsin. #FearTheCheese “: Heading to darlington to watch dad put on a show”
aka your party phone..
Today's was delivered in NYTimes plastic bag. I hope the are making a lot of money on that advertising.
- "Heart Skipped A Beat" by The XX always depresses me.
Tina Ruggiero Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
nigga u can't hook up a router. But you smart huh you need help more the the Baltimore orioles
I assume Glenn has read 's fantastic book "Don't Take My Lemonade Stand"
Also Knicks famous pay not to play players, Alan Houston, Steve Francis . . . these numbers are probably more shocking
Good look on the follow. New job is really cool!! How's your album doin'?
that was Paul Simon's "Father and Daughter"
good, ty. what happened? :(
i will bebe ;)
Square up and take a charge from someone on the walkway by the Quad around noon.
Nice to be here, ! Thanks!
<3 text me
Dear guy who giggled as I struggled to put my bag overhead: I hope it shifts during takeoff or landing & falls on your head.
well, you connect to facebook, and then start a game with friends. They give you three options and you have to draw one of
Note from the Universe for today: "Never compromise a dream. Always compromise on how it will come true."
Cool. Let me know when it's up.
#iplspring Amicus brief in Louboutin case filed by: INTA (for Louboutin); professors (for affirm'g); Tiffany (rejecting "fashion exception")
hahaha I was thinking something different. Thousands of blackbirds dying. Apocalypse? Or scarecrows on steroids?
Supporting fellow Cali neighbor in SF
Thank you Gail! A pleasure to work on a daily basis with Mark Rosenberg () and Kristen Deahl ()!
It's 5 o'clock in the morning , conversation go boring .
Jus got back from riding dirt bikes soo fun :D
29th Triple-Impact Competitor workshop in Dallas ISD done @ Spence MS. Their AD Jason Lawson honored as Double-Goal Coach by
Happy Sunday Funday from , and !
I would say to join us in Bmore but who would look after the cats and plants? We will drink Yuengling from tap in your honor.
yes. It would be interesting to see the numbers by sector.
I hate headaches!!!
I wonder if the latest version of Facebook is just slower for IOS, tired of waiting for photos to load
I've been the laziest all day. I think I've watched the ESPN run through 8 times.
Where have you been all my life
Haha well, your lucky cause ALOT of amazing men are your age! & You're gorgeous! lol (:
can you send it as a message?
can do it! I see the intelligence in your eyes..Keep at it.
let us know if you want a discount to that event, we can hook that up for you
is it about that time?!
“: So excited for this Wed & I have a gift for sent all the way from #traversecity Michigan! Big fun!!” :)
That video is so cool!!
Is it just me or is tweeting only the truth lol haha
happy birthday nigga!!
"Don't allow failure or criticism to define you." ---from Caroline Miller, Creating Your Best Life
yeah lakers are losing game 1... They actually have competition in the West lol the East is weak af.
what are you applying for?
Just got mine! needed it badly. Cheers to Tuesday.... RT need coffee now.
hahahaha(: oh yeah. I'm probably not even doing anything.
Thornton is the biggest piece of crap
OMFG when is my iOS5 update going to be finished!
my bad lol
my twin is being a bitch and just told me shes the beautiful one
I started a new job last week and my boss sounds like Barry Kripke
You when the beatie boys stormed the stage at that video music awards because they didn't win best video for sabotage?
Just made this account...No one follows me/: so bored lol
Need to get #Louded before I go to work today
Testing twitter?
#SHOUTOUT to my new followers & ! :)
we love this response! thanks for your wise advice!
hope your having a great time (:
57hh in big blind. Flop comes 995. I shove, drunk guy calls with q10. Turn 8, river j. #fml #runbadcontinues might be time for a break.
More like Anthony Davis at this point.
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
Sick, really sick! :(
I Was But I Had Went To Sleep So Shut Up
*sarcastic "dude, that's a sweet tribal" "screw you bro it's not a tribal! It's a giant squid eating a tiger!"
yup. Kitchen is in Rockville, but we sell at two DC farmers markets and online.
Come On FOLLOW and FOR 30000 Followers
I need you Beane! ;)
The finale of my show just put a BIG SMILE ON MY FACE!!! YAYYYYY
"That sounds nice, but I have a deadline!"
Don't they know that you're full of pain already?
Thank you!
let get some drinks while ya in LA, got a great spot wit live entertainment i want u 2 try..LOL great tacos 2
If you lived here, I'd sing to you all the time.
Thanks! I try to make it interesting, but I am never sure if anyone actually looks at it.
Thanks, and thanks!
I love you to death!!! Plz rt
my girl crush. <3 I'd go lesbian for her. Haha :)
Thanks Michael. Looking forward to your work! I definitely would like to work with new directors...
Sounds like a plan!
I love you, I feel proud to be your fan, you are amazing .. your voice is perfect, you're all perfect, and I will not quit (+)
I feel your pain. Google Docs looks to me like they had a blind monkey design the interface.
Dear God...Thanks again for giving us Foottbal Sunday! (oh yeah and for all the other good stuff to....you seen me at church right? ; )
Already not a fan of what Randi and Bravo are doing with this SV reality tv show.
yes sir ;)
Walker is a Commadork, not a #Badger! Badgers defeat Vandy Commodores in nailbiter.
I have serious issues, I should have been sleep hours ago but this damn logo game has me up. I must beat it lol
My sis in law jus asked her husband for a tongue kiss............in front of me lol wow
aww she's so super cute!! :) pinch her cheeks for me please? :)
I want to sleep, but can't... Sucks
I can't miss school I just can't we have a quiz every tues and thurs in her class.
hahaha.. I have rare moments. Now I want ice cream...:-P
Your videos should be like 4 hours long please?
i really like those pens with multiple color options
Reminder: Beer Run on Carlton Road in C'ville is selling GA & VIP Tix without a service charge. Stop by, have a pint and pick up your tix..!
oh, right....cuz you already had the lotion... nice! gotta remember that one
Delmon Young and Mel Gibson need to star in a comedy about two drunk guys stranded in Tel Aviv or Skokie.
Successful performance last night by the Zahira dancers in San Luis Obispo! Had a blast with my dancing girls :-)
I've been w/Sprint since the 90s. They're good to me. Upgrade price for Motorola Photon 4G is $49.99! Deal or no deal? I say Deal!
please teach Courtney how to appear sincere and actually seem remorseful during your media tour.
What is "reasonable suspicion" i ask
we'll have flights for you!!! Travel with us!! GREEN LEGION!!
Nice! I like.
Looool! You Know It! Apply Maximum Pressure!!!
Sir Ken Robinson: We create the unique trajectory of our life. Our resume is attempt to make order of chaos out of our life.
...she found out he had 2 wives. She was ok with him having one, but 2 was too much.
#AchievementUnlocked won Settlers of Catan first time I played. Thanks
Sleeping on your phone is not a good idea. I have a sore spot on my ribs...
Came into the world by way of a mother though.
If that nigga says hez flying with Harry Potter and hez no where near Universal Orlando Studios ....simply walk away
watch out for dudes with togas and knives.
Seeger: diversity is most pronounced in relationship aspect of PR.
this dude is a
Can you believe Thanksgiving is tomorrow? What food are you most looking to making or eating?
You're a creeper. Lolol I love Say Something<333
you bet! BTW, will you be at #smbmad breakfast tomorrow?
'Bout to cut off my hairs, brb.
I loved chemistry in high school. I can certainly see why you chose it.
The shift is so severe I COULD BEAT IT OUT, and that's saying a lot .... lmao !!!
'I' is a word, it does not think, feel, do anything. Just a word preceding other words. Investigate this until it's clear.
C-mas ideas for the wife, a New Kitchen, or Bath, or a Tiki Hut. I know a new driveway or walkway w/lights. www,vcassociates.net
Wound down the holiday last night with MIDNIGHT IN PARIS, which was completely wonderful, a movie I will definitely watch again & again.
I started on the album. It's really really really different.
well I didn't notice it was a english lesson! No frigin point anuyway he follows no one ! Only the american girls :'(
Been a long time, but new video coming soon.....Me^(to the power of) INFINITY! Best believe it!!!!
Biggest musical inspiration? For which ever one of you this is :D haha
copywriters smell like pee -mad men
I had a crazy dream that my crazy ex and I were friends again. This insanity must stop!
Reminds me of my kids favorite book at bedtime..Walter the Farting Dog. Ur little one will love it.....
I cant wait to go blonde.(:(:
"Sabotage" is definitely Top 10. "Root Down" is good but doesn't set my world on fire. Hm...may actually have to do a Top 10.
Cali can't get here soon enough. Need some warm weather and sunshine.
Saw the big dipper tonight for the first time. Pretty sweet. Can't wait to watch basketball all day tomorrow.
yes I am and you know it!!
i miss my boys
WOMEN THINK THEY GOT ALL THE SENCE BUT LITTLE DO YALL NOW WE ARE 10 STEPS AHEAD EVERY TIME
Happy St.Patty Day, The Dade Co youth fair starts today.
defff #2 was easier .. Want me to send you how I did it?
Last year's flood was a huge headache, but the grass in my backyard that was submerged (and then some) looks nice and green. Silver lining!
oh good! So glad!
Baylor is suiting up in all black uniforms tomorrow afternoon. Proper funeral attire
My MOM just said she would do nasty things to . Wow mom TMI!!!
Thanks for the shout out. Keep up the good work! Love your concept!
Rich Karlis, Billy Thompson, Missy Franklin, Ed McCaffrey and Alfred Williams are attending Top 9 Moments! More celebrity guests to follow!
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!
kimmel was amazing! thanks everyone for watchin!
Five years after his theological commentary on the allegedly released secret, Ratzinger was made Pope. Just sayin'...
TWITTER JAIL.
21 days to break a habit?? Fine
I can't believe he's not on Twitter. Perhaps it's not Satanic enough. RT : "That was absolutely amazing. Thanks for sharing!”
old habits die hard! Lol
Sneezed and fart at the same time.. :3
awesome work team... ill tell all my friends about that
There are people affected by the snow who don't have cars. For those who have to walk, not drive, the snow fall is even more of an obstacle.
Vacation!!!!!! Ready for a much needed getaway with the family and in-laws...MD here we come!
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx DAZED &CONFUSED..
Thx for the RT! I had to laugh as well. Maybe Word is on to something. Maybe there aren't enough whales in modern writing. :)
we definately will!
#whosgonnalose in an hour - which two teams will lose in the playoffs today
yes! Because I am sure she has her style and I think the motorcycle would be hot!
Best weird conception scene, ever. It involves a cart of tomatoes...lmao I don't want to spoil it for those that haven't seen it. xD.
What would you do with $640mm?
Photoshop touch just announced for tablets
To the ER I go.
yeah, I bet.
These are two of my favs but ima have to go with Salt, ur opinion? RT x. Which is a better action film? Salt Or Colombiana?
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chigo, NYC & LA know of any candidates? Please send resumes to
oh really ?
Hey if you guys read my story I'll shout you out!! RT PLEASE PARTS IN FAVES ON MY ACCOUNT
i love you so much im gonna try to get you trendiNG
Uh-oh :( RT : Injury Update: The MRI on revealed a strained abdominal muscle. He is out indefinitely.
You're right. I think I will! RT : u should go visit down in aka the greatest place in college park
someone found my blog by googling "is it bad if you have a fever when you get a haircut?"
- Goodluck ((: Keep Us Posted With It :D
o that sounds good too. i think i just want chocolate.
I can't make any promises--next week is already shaping up to be packed. But I'll try!
As you'd expect (perhaps) They are issued in the language of the country. Spain, Spanish; Germany, German; Etc
Eat clean with 5-6 small meals a day which includes a lean protein, complex carbohydrate and a yummy salad or steamed veggies.
The average number of times, in a week, that my fly is down is straight up alarming
A pleasure, you are welcome!!
I use Google Chrome to browsing the internet world ;) And find out something about <3
RT : RE: #Bears UDFA James Brown. Mike Mayock at one point ranked him as a top-5 OT in the entire draft. Shut down Andre Branch.
I didnt even go out tonight because i was too exhausted and now im laying in bed wide awake -_____-
Writing d3 code on a sleep deficit: not recommended.
PEOPLE SUCK.
Thanks to all our hilarious guests and delightful audience. Great show, y'all!
Google aurora test.
u didn't answer my Q
It was indeed...took us a little while to get it right! Happy Holidays!
hey what are you guys doing ??
Kiper and Chuckey, the opposite ends of the hair spectrum. Kiper = too much style... Chuckey = well, you do the math...
Hehehe who loves to shop like I do? Well, of course not impulse.
That's direct quote from Wade Henderson, so you found his quote not the writing specious?
We have contract & no-contract plans, the main difference between those two plans is that you'll be billed $35 for a no-contract.
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok?(:
Dynamism, efficiency, evolution, innovation, privacy, security & trust primary values of the named data network project documents
"I never forget to eat. I mean, sometimes I forget I ate and eat twice..."
Ima make my bro proud
maybe later be with the hubby. <3
All i Kno Is Real Its in My DNA
Gym time! !
I don't have any "new" games on my PC and no budget to get any currently. Tribes Ascend and Diablo I are my PC choices currently.
Just had to save your multi-homer game for the Canes didn't you.
you just put a "promoted" tweet in my feed from a company I don't follow. Do this again, and I'm going to ditch you for good.
Eating that many Hershey's kisses without exercising. Yes I would say one would be a pinhead. LOL
k:( _ looks down:(
See FB for details.
Sugar and Bruno Summer Camp is almost set in stone!!! More Details to come!
I see a girls night in our immediate future!
Mike, I agree with Nina. Her arms were so thin, she looked skeletal and possibly ill.
I love this guy. Not only brilliant, but hilarious too! RT : I just unlocked the "You never use Foursquare" badge on !
The greatest good you can lend a youth is your perspective- Anonymous Match Specialist
#NowWatching my new obsession #Revenge - yes, I'm late to jump on the proverbial bandwagon.
False accusations led to ppl being deported/executed &venzetti lynch mob mood in U.S.
nothing beats an omelet made with fresh eggs, herbs and veggies from the farmers market
What time?
I remember everything..
Just came from bible Paster spoke real
Super in love. Butterflies and all
Hahahahahaha awkward indeed
hey #Charlotte area folks.. anyone have anything autographed by #CamNewton that we can buy for a Christmas gift? online = expensive
ACOs pushing healthcare out of the docs office/hospital and into the patients home.
"Some of you will enjoy the experience so much, you will be married many, many times. Good for you."
Dissertation successfully defended. On to bigger and better things. :-)
Waitin outside and looking up at the stars...
Don't say you gon call me right back, then call back 2 hours later, lol I don't like that shit.
Thanks for the follow and the general welcome to your company!
No problem :) I loved the article. Debating if a laptop or an iPad/iPod would serve me better as an ethnographer. Any suggestions?
um where? Lol
... Cant bash them bro. They beat my Nuggets. won't let me talk bad about them :( :(
Became an imposter for the night. Now at the Belvedere party with with on deck.
I also thought Freedom was the bizzomb. (Do the kids still say that?) Such unlikable characters and yet: Riveted.
I really don't understand why everyone turns there back on you when things get hard.
Skip and Steven A both bringing it today love it
Sure! What is your first and last name? Also, what week did you win?
“When u are sorrowful look again in your heart, n u shall see that in truth u are weeping for that which has been your delight Kahlil Gibran
Working near home, that's always a plus
For all this time I have been putting this puzzles of my life, then I realized, the last piece is you.
i love customer service... every time I call every one is super helpful & cool
Ah, that would be lovely. doooit. I would love to see you!
RT : Attending the Crittenden conference in Las Vegas next month? Would be fun to connect in advance.
the quest to 3 bills is on
They're all locally organized. Anyone can start one! :)
your my inspiration for chasing my dreams. i hope to meet you one day so i can let you know that you have changed my life. :)
The sound effects that are playing during the Chargers-Raiders game are really obnoxious.
Off to NYC on Weds.; hoping to catch Bird/Magic on Broadway before it ends. Sports flacks: anybody see it, want 2 give 140-character review?
Us too and thank you very much!
join me in supporting #fairtrade - best strategy to STOP
Gunshots or fireworks? Hard to tell in this neighborhood
#Romance tip of the week: On a clear night, lay down a blanket somewhere outside and stare at the stars together.
“: Kentucky's athletic department brought in almost $85 million for the year.”⬅wow that's insane!!!
Everyone go follow ! Hit my boy up!
night of intense baseball ...
i was like how the hell do you use this?!! lmao.
Morning wake up by a lil man babbling. I'll take that any day of the week
a primer from you? on the issue of asking the right questions? Sorry, just trying to follow properly
Boyfriend started playing on the radio, then my dad turned it off! Dx aggghhhh. ~Marj. ^__^
damn you're catching up to me in tweets.
Im ca$hinn out
Then again, they may not. This is simple CYA. Everyone needs to take a deep breath.
I am a very impatient person, which is why ordering my Nexus One from google is so difficult. It's on it's way, not in my hands.
Nice! Dats how! RT ho bah, got home just in time yesterday to get a win for the cartel. shots!!!
that's what I'm talking about! Go girl!
Yes! Yes yes yes yes yes...
Good morning!!
Only to me ;)
This month seems like its going to be a slow one....
“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.” ― John Lennon
Health info: cardio to loose fat- you should be able to have a conversation. If not, you need to slow ity down. You are working to hard
Give it time.
"call me cleo"
I can almost remember the last reading I had...from a street vendor no less. Maybe you can get me a free reading. :)
...needs a new phone. I have AT&T currently. Any suggestions?
Yeah, just getting the hang of it now. Okay so far.
I love my chihuahua... She's like "Ah beautiful morning sun B) "
so burnt out today
I'll be here at 8 am. Ya mommas new yard boy.
16 nice to meet you:)
Cats do NOT drink enough water - they need to be fed supplemental canned food and given water from a pet fountain!
Good morning. A perfect morning for warm friendships and good eats at the winter market. 9-12 today
good point. I did love mario mars.
So cool! and I were actually talking about it the other day. was showing it off in a lab, too /
it's crazy.. Beautiful.. Can't wait to see more of it.
Google Calendar just sent me a reminder that FetFest is this weekend. As if even my ADHD ass could forget that :-)
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward. - Zig Ziglar
to all the ladies havin' babies...without.no.drama.
it is! then you must know , right?
Can't believe it's 53 degrees out right now. It's January 6th and I'm driving with my sunroof out. #globalwarming ?
dude same. I get like 4 episodes a night on my cable. It's excellent.
Never turning down new biz, try to cover as you go - or only taking on what you know you can service well & build. Which is it?
Our Food Pantry serves approx. 200 homes/week across 5 locations in Little Havana, Little Haiti, Hialeah, Allapatah and South Miami.
: I Facebooked you as well, but cheers to 29!
Congrats! Def let us know where it is!
