lol no u ain't. I see them fatties running free.
I do not want to clean at all
So if I have no heart then what's there to love?
I used your guide on making clips from DVD's for my UMW Leadership class. Very useful and well written. Thank you!
I hate talking on the phone. Text me.
San Antonio: DENSE FOG ADV. Until 10am. This aft. will be warm, breezy. This W/E will be cool & m/sunny. Today: AM Fog, M/cloudy, high 80.
I was going to leak that the new ALA president was Sharon Needles, but the legit announcement beat me to it.
Ford Bronco Truck Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – 4 ×4 Adult Pink Hoody
just got 3 tees back from the factory. sorry im not posting them.
I wonder if I can get this Doomsday #Preppers RED camera after the world ends.
Cohen moving through his concluding argument with myriad of oil(y) refs in Hitchcock: The Manxman, Psycho, To Catch a Thief, The Birds
Detroit's airport creeps me out.
***RT2WIN CONTEST*** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 12th by !!
Question: What are you going to be this Halloween?
hahaha. It makes sense. You sure are a sensi (sensitive)!
Well that was a good time. Took vacation next weekend so I get a break from the Saturday night shitshow at the Wal.
#eatingfries #drinkingDrPepper at McDonalds... what a great start to the week! (:
founder always wondered, "are we that lame? Can we do better?" Yes! It's complicated - think: farmers mkt, web, potuck
Working on a Web site diagnostic this afternoon - I'm looking forward to helping our client take their program page to the next level!
e grass at uwf. 💩good day.
I agree!!!
Injustice can be removed, but human clashes and natural restrictions can't be eliminated.
Tomorrow we talk National Payroll Week and premiere the NPW video in our morning general session. I'll see you there!
girl get it! haha :)
The moment in an argument when you realize your wrong.
Some of y'all wish u could be real housewives...let God send him to u, once u go searching you'll never find ur TRUE mate...read ur Word
What? We got like three hours of sun and now it's back to clouds? I call bullshit.
I'm randomly craving a damn burger with a fried egg on top.
Well somehow I have managed to survive my 1st day at my new job while not being 100%. Tomorrow is a new day, thank you. Xx
After enjoying such a warm & sunny weekend, I'm doubly sad to see the rain & fog back on Monday morning.
#cloud could be called "The Realm" in 5 years! (or perhaps the "nebula" #startrek )
Cathy Bates playing dead Charlie Sheen on "Two & a who gives a Shit"... Chuck Lorre probably thinks he & that show are still funny
Who organizes the organizers?
This heat is killing me...
I doubt it
The heavy storms yesterday, not just here but also at ORD and other airports, have left lots of planes out of position.
Honor society induction tonight. I'm stoked about it.
So what's your solution to reduce health costs buddy? Is Baker for rationing care as the article you tweeted implies?
If Jake didn't become an actor, some of us might not be on here right now.
so he's not modest but is truthful? Btw, happy birthday!
allergies? or not
RT : #marchsadness RT : There are so many people at this game I could almost field a co-rec softball team. #pac12 (Gold!)
I really wanna see the devil inside
What is the perfect pairing for an AWESOME WEEKEND?
RT": Indeed.. ": They'll only appreciate what you're giving them when you're gone.""
Was done looking for a relationship, then you show up in my life again.
Selena is beautiful just the way she is ♥
RT : Are you working up a SWEAT tonight?
Sometimes..I just want to line people up..point my finger at each of them...and say, "Fuck you...and fuck you...oh, yes...and def fuck you."
Are you ready for Christmas? Are you staying relaxed and enjoying all this season has to offer?
giiiirrrrl I'll bake you some delicious pies and it'll be the best thanksgiving ever!
Louis Prima/Iggy Pop gym playlist. Enough said.
Home stretch!
Looking forward to unlocking my Meepos badge...
In new england, shooting interviews for the fanfic doc in the morning...so crashing early..after the supernatural finale...:-)
I really want to know what we did wrong With a love that felt so strong
what? She said that you couldn't hang out tho??
- Hey Cincinnati Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
That's what I call defense!!!!
We are dedicated in building the #capacity of organizations to succeed in the marketplace.
ms dawn gave the cutest speech ugh♥ but im so not ready for technical rehearsal or dress rehearsal...
Holy crap I am looking forward to climbing tomorrow. Blue V1, you will be mine.
work is good!
Studying for this PHHE final..
What do you want me to do? Dress in drag and do the hula?
I eat, sleep, & breathe soccer. I couldn't have it any other way.
the sky
narwhals are sweet!!
Data Transfer in Progress
hah! There's Si many to choose from. Probably when someone called me Shaniqua or some shit.
Let's go Pats!!
Proud of you! Can't wait to see what you change at UC!
Concert mate Dan Puckett reminisces about getting puked on at a Queen concert in 1972.
The woman (you) who says "i bet ur gonna make me sign up for that hike" wants me to sign up for kickboxing at 7am? :)
Are you kidding me!???? That awkward moment! Thank u SO much metro -____-
hahaha imagine she actually wore tht stuff. Thtd be some funny shit
..chalk is always a safe bet at Quail Hollow. McIlroy will get it done. Mahan will be around too.
I hate who I have let be apart of my life. I should be mad at myself, but how are you supposed to know what that person was to become?
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
Jesus: By the time they took Me before Pontius Pilate and placed the crown of thorns on My head I could barely stand up.
Did u know u have to hold the brake pedal down in order to start a Prius? I DIDNT! I had to call Toyota for help. Dumb.
MPR venturing into Bob Boilen territory here?
*rubbing my index finger across my bottom lip* Hmm...still up for debate.
Put something up on
Busy at #marac. Great tours, great views, great people, great DC caucus!
I hate trying to fit a story into 160 characters.
just threatened to get a llama, after our big dumb lab pissed me off. But I told her all the real money is in alpacas.
Hm ... New Twitter wants me to follow myself. Seems kinda circular.
Guess he's attracted to ugly bitches!!
GO CARDS
thanks, Matt :) It has been tough, esp since Im a lefty & it was my left that was injured. Everything is hard to do right handed
: Thanks bro. It was great to catch up and have fun in the process. Next time, let's hope for a #MilwaukeeMiracle!
What a BEAUTIFUL day to come sit by the water & enjoy a fresh croissant!!!
Feelin like everyday..my birthday...
that thing perplexes me
We'll always have new "technologies" for teaching and assessing learning. Up to us to figure out how they work with our students.
After tomorrow im going to catch up the In-Laws show. LOL.
#capricorn january birthdays parties all month!!!
CALLBACK today for Charter commercial. Thanks to Michael at Ross Lacy Casting for the direction!
Thanks for checking out my blog post!
Doing ok. I hope you are
Red tips in the summer! :D
I don't mind stealing bread, from the mouths of decadence. But I can feed off the powerless, when my cup's already overfilled.
lol i know u didnt let that happen!?
RT : Need content? Do skype interviews! says Paul at
#ManCity is dominating play vs #QPR but pressing. Rangers will be thrilled to play spoiler. Wait'll City sees #ManUtd's score.
I wonder when will follow, RT, or Favorite anything from me and
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
This summer, WOULD YOU RATHER....kayak down the Chicago River OR take a river architecture tour? Or both??
“I'm not an optimist. I'm hopeful.” Studs Terkel
The mind is everything my friend.
I wish you knew how I felt <\3
are you coming tomorrow?
#YouWereCuteUntil I realized how beautiful you really are..
Had an awesome #FlirtyGirl fitness class at tonight! Join me for the next class this Saturday, Dec 11 @ 10:30
the most hyprocritical of all religious ppl
mark you need to come play in the Kevin turner foundation tournament in nashville April 23!!
The sad thing is that Bryzgalov is very beatable. It's like he is swiss cheese, but Fleury is like moldy swiss cheese.
a new day begins and get to spend it all in the studio today!
Is it fair to criticize #Browns GM Heckert for failing to address RT in the offseason? Now that what everyone was afraid would happen did?
Women Building Habitat home today. Listen to 88.9 all week for stories and info.
RIP Alex Chilton
Why would I be on Delmar? That was random.
not feels like sex ctfu... its like it. you shouldn't have to think about it while doing it.
i HATE mornings. -__-
not I as far as I know anyway
I wonder if we could get Church Publishing to buy it? Baby Jesus and his lobster friends celebrate the first Christmas.
Yea it def had a few twists that caught me by surprise. Glad you liked it..
Kudos to Whitney Elliott and James Pollard, recipients of Moody/Slaughter scholarships given by W. Baton Rouge Parish Retired Teachers Assn.
Send in your flow people...let's see what out there!!
hahah bro they seriously have the best raps tho
Watching Carnaval just gives me the itch to go back to Brazil sometimes.
Levander: Potential of digital humanities-bridge ways of knowing/organizing knowledge, provide “tools,” generate collaborations
so slow and sensual...are you a singer?
Life is getting harder and harder still I remain humble happy and content
Join us for an MS in Accounting/MBA Facebook chat! Happening now! Simply join our group, Apply to speak with admissions.
Ive had the same songs on repeat all day, theyre just too good to not listen to.
Good luck and happy moving!
RT : coming back to Miami soon bro #MFLFOREVER Sound like a Diddy Album
I'm in a glass cage of emotion!
I didn't know that Tyler Perry was once homeless.
Watching the Vikings win against the Bears. Will play online poker after the game.
thanks! I'm not used to actually "tweeting"
It takes a strong heart to forgive, but it takes even stronger one to walk away and say I’ve had enough
Day 2 of carnival. I'm liking this
Thanks for a great presentation, , at last night's #atlblog. A great evening!
you have to make a quote twitter :)
I never know what to say when i am complimented. T-T
Tuesday May 22 #DC free workshop: Transform Your Life Through #Meditation 7:30PM at Northwest One Library 155 L St #NWDC 202-939-5946
Reminder: meeting tomorrow, starting at 1pm.
Just had the nap of my
I used the approach early in my career but got away from it. Not sure why. Def a good fit for some
U can be so good to someone despite it all they will bite ya head off when they feel it's time! #Shoutout to the sorry asses
what hapoend?:o
For MEN, Relationship is equivalent to Prison
Got to try my tux today
Heading to our Life Group party! Gonna be great! Who are you doing life with?
USF Federal Credit Union awarded CUNA&#39;s Complete Campaign Diamond Award
I hate people who continually ask "Whats up?" or "Sup?" in text messages. Like come up with something new already
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.” – Napolean Hill
It's beautiful out today!! 
A++ recomend to anyone. Cute patio too. No reso's, and by the time we finished our meal (7 pm) the place was jam packed w/a huge wait.
Will do. Really appreciate that bro!
Twins beating Brewers is like mid 90s Browns beating Bengals.
great way to start your day.
1 more period... I can do it..
why cnt I follow u on this account or my othr one?
that's cool. I'm cleaning.
I can't wait to watch the new episode of Southern Nights tonight ... And my favorite cast member !!
Foggy days = No sun in my eyes here in the new cube #mixedblessings #iswearingsunglassesintheofficekosher?
its "sneaking suspicion"
• Also had on a woman addicted 2drinking her own pee. No lie. She doesn't want 2stop because she "likes the taste of warm pee" WTF!
Stone IPA does it get any better
You may have to sue him. Only thing that gets these types attention.
We're playing in #Louisville tonight at #Headliners. Show starts at 8. We play 3rd. 5 bucks.
School is almost done...thank goodness!!
You didn't miss much...
Just ran into ovechkin haha awesome
Practice forgiveness. It will set you free.
come to Norway :)?
Hey there, are you looking for custom leg pads / blocker / catcher, or just stock colors?
how many are you taking?! ;o RT After AP exams are over, my life is gonna be so much easier!!!!
when i think about you, i think about seventeen.
I've had a boost of confidence lately!
congrats coach
Treasure of the Wumpus is going to be awesome! #innovation RT : looking forward to #CWRU at the festival this year!
Haha. Ya know
I just found that out a few months ah then I was reminded about it again today
Especially for all the users who use Internet Explorer 7 & 8. Doing software for K12 schools, this is > 50% of my users.
Whew! Account abandoned! Let's get it back going again (;
funny we tweet talk, am I too ugly for facetime or what?
It is not about how many breaths you take. It is about how many times something takes your breath away. Thankful for everything.
Police brutality is brutality, whether punching a teenager in the face Seattle or beating a black man 2 death n Detroit (M. Greene).
Tis the season to make ill-informed political statements supported by meaningless stats and heavily biased web articles.
Shit is abt to get real on this
Yayy! I am about to make an album too :)
include Google instructions in the cartoon.
Thomas Friedman: Average is officially over. Everyone needs an extra. Something to distinguish you and develop it, exploit it.
here's the deal. U go get food. And bring me sum..
Need to crack on with some revision, exam is tomorrow but I still have no motivation to do some
wish you were here too!! Thanks girl!! Love and miss you
huh? I feel fine! Haha
Menu ideas for WI river? Thinking fish might be in order, rustic classy.
Germans dont like German RT : I wish people knew German like me that would make conversations so much easier.
Just saw Warren sapp eat his bros fries at the heat game. Nasty. Gonna teach him oneburger fry etiquette...
I'd love to have a walkthrough coding a d3 graph. rickshaw is more my speed (and we use graphael now)
driving downtown with my daddy:). <3
The #Buffalo Brewfest is coming up on Friday! Dundee will be there w. dozens of other craft brewers. Are you going?
#pirates vs #vampires vs
★∞★ man u on my mind real talk...ツ
Pleased to announce that Neybor now offers FREE real estate syndication to HotPads!
“: gwitty.” but its gritty 😏
The whole spectacle that is the new Miami Marlin's ballpark just gives me one more reason to hate Miami. How out of touch can you be?
Lots of people see it differently, and it's great gamesmanship for the fans to create a McDirty, McFilthy Thug Wade.
what time do the #EMAs start? Do u know???
Yes new icon of them so pretty :D
Start ur FINAL #TEDMED DAY Fresher, Clearer & Calmer by Watching ur own ❤Heart's Rhythms using Technology WHILE Meditating ☞7AM!!
Back to back win! #LAKERRRSSSSS 💜💛🏀
": touche, that's hilarious. i'm enough of a fan to admit when you got me good." lol. Good game.
Congrats #Terrencemalick on your #Oscar nominations, they are well deserved. #treeoflife is a masterpiece
Southwest #Archaeology Today posted. Any news from the SW Symposium?
I love the reaction I get when I turn down free Cubs tkts. "but it's wrigley" EXACTLY!!!
Jib Crane and Dolly Track are working great!!!
he wins, pounds his chest, uses executive action to push through everything, . Don't let Congress slow us down anymore..
TERRA'S WATER BROKE!!!! OH SHIT!!!! HAHAHHAHAHAHA FUUUUUUCK YEAH!!!!!
Leave me alone.
This powerful statement will change how I go about my pastoral counseling work.
Tuning vocals today...
Rainy days have nothing on me!! #rainboots make me
Congrats to Coach Smith and #gopherbasketball on their big win tonight!
why am I watching women's basketball?
thanks for retweeting! Really appreciate your support!
So tired of dealing with Mom and her childlike denial of the world around her.
he is trying to steal from you!!!!! Gurrrllll GET HER!
Radio Cab Foundation Partnership going on now!
Congrats to the #Dbacks for grabbing an #NLWest tie with the
I am here at Berklee, Just allowing Divine Love to do what it does best!
idiot. Hate ppl who crack their iphone screens. Reminds me Of joe gil.
TBI and the Healing Power of Art "Whack’ed … then everything was different” was me - eight years before it became the title of my e
BOUT TO START GETTIN ON MY GIG SHT N FUC W THESE SHOWS OUT HERE I HOPE YU READY TO HELP ME HOLD IT DOWN!! - SPLASHY!!!
the islanders
the greatest gift i can recieve is one that comes from your heart
No worries...The life of a hardcore athlete that's all ;-)...College Gym is going to use you; you'll see!
waiting on mom and sis, going to grab a bite, then I have to pick up from work.
In addition to coming on March 8, and Dan Barber will be part of the program too! See you there!
watching the bucket list i love that movie..
hey remember me?
absolutely!! At current production levels, nat gas reserves will be full by Nov. Perfect ex of S&D!!
American Apparel skinny jeans and raging early morning boners DO NOT MIX.
Isn't she? She's really got some amazing stuff on her site.
Providing rewarding work and recognition is the key to keeping employees happy.
Maybe we're all unfinished creations. Being 100% of who you are now may be the way 2 co-create your full self in prtnership w/ god
So, all the boys in sleeping bags in my living room are asleep. Coast is clear for me to get into bed myself. Finally! Mama is done.
“: Milwaukee Brewers, May 8th 2011. 14-20, 5th place, 5.5 games out of first. That turned out ok. Lots of baseball left.”
I miss you.
Brouwer needs to finish. That's what he was paid to come here and do. Crash the net and score.
#InCollege you enjoy awesome CFA deals every Monday night.
Yayyyyy today today today today today
i'm chata. and mira manuel it doesnt matter i need a new one kay? kay :D
might break out the sneakaaas tomorrow , uh oh
going to go check the po box I'll be back in a while.
Did anyone else get the emergency broadcast alert on the tv from Satan? Lol
How am I not hungry all day,eat practically nothing & now even though I'm still not hungry, I eat enough cookies for 5 ppl.
This week has been such a shitty week so far.
I wonder how many exams/papers people have left before they're officially done with college ...
LOL so they just like to look at them. :)
So, is the triangle the reactive shape? Cell phones r the culprit?
that worked, thanks
haha no not her!! Lol can you come out ?
that's wuddup send me a suvie
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. Les Brown
Some kid's dad just tried to pitch him for an interview with me despite the fact that I'm not here to interview anyone
It's in my closet. Doesn't fit any more; maybe I should have it let out.
“: who gets to scream "I'm so sick of these mother f-in snakes on this mother f-in bus!" ????” I'm taking bets.
RT : How do you identify where "digital strategy" ends, "strategy strategy" begins? Seems like an odd segregation to me.
Thank you for all the mentions and retweets! I'll catch up individually with them in a few days! I'm overbooked/overwhelmed. But thanks!
here come the pirates!
wow, is cs6 worth the upgrade overall?
I'm a little worn out on writers being so darn depressed about everything. Try working in publishing!
Seriously you asshole? I have an attitude?
Gotta love autocorrect! Belgium=Britpop. The country of Belgium will not be present at Bus Stop tonight.
i hope your having a great day:)
Wow, a little sensitive Turley? My #brothers know exactly what I mean.
having a cranky, angry kind of day already. grr. I blame the rain.
Why do we have to be quiet during a fire drill? Will the fire hear us?
Hi, thanks. It was a super weekend! How was yours?
Thanks a million!
Boy, you're gonna be president/But just like everyting else, those old crazy dreams/Just kinda came and went--JOHN MELLENCAMP
It was great to meet you!!! :)
MD Budget & Tax Policy Inst. dir. : state budget "not just numbers in a book," but a document that affects real people in real ways.
Thanks so much! I look forward to listening to the podcast. See you soon.
Dear nerds: My 65 char definition of #THATCamp is my own and not that of my co-organizers. (MH)
well I got my son jordan liveing whit me again but this time he is whit me untill he is 18 teen end of story ...I love my son...
Riding the motorcycle on rain slick street, with muddy water filled potholes, and on mud slippery dirt roads
Good morning everyone!
“: WINNING!!!” how was the bachelor finally last night?
It is a sad day in our house: RIP Jean Craighead George. MY SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN is my husband's most beloved book.
Yeah, that could mean something great, or nothing at all. I just really hope we did enough to put him in the final two!!
haha all of them follow you.!
Keep it up. U guys can do it. > burned out.
ha dad left out of town now my phone is stuck in the house. hah dang cant get it till he gets back
GOON. Especially because of NHL playoff time.
Had A Great Easter with the Fam... Man did I miss them. Back to Boston early tomorrow...6:15 am to be exact....-__-
Ellen DeGeneres in the JCP commercials is way funnier than Billy Crystal.
I miss the days of 10 New Years day bowl games with multiple TV's set up in the living room...
#ABQ is getting a I might pop, I'm so happy. I cannot wait for it to open.
Its so sad when u see girls who think they can only be happy if they are in a relationship. Those girls r always fooled by there bf
o: I just ate pizza xD
- thx for the support man. Really appreciated
See you this weekend? Signups at noon! :)
Cleveland area pollen count off-the-charts high! Don't irritate those itchy eyes. Rubbing your eyes will increase your chances of eye...
Looking for a fun place to hold an event? Why not escape to the Sand Trap in Seaside? Avail on 7.9 & 9.3 2011! Call 503.717.8502 for info
check out travel and tourism blog: www.beingtheredoingthat.com
Nicole Abazi is one tough girl
That's right ! Inter-generational woman-power!
So cute!!RT : What's better than awesome visitors? Awesome visitors who bring amazing chocolates! How cute are these?...
Living for Jesus a life that is true, Striving to please Him in all that I do;
suit thy self
RT : If you don't use it, it will fall off!
bitch im the shit.
Thanks for the RT!
Yo dawg I heard you like blurry photos :D
Where are you guys? In AZ? I'd definitely come out to see you again...but you gotta play "Wish You Were Here"...lol
free perry
lol.. that happens a lot, actually. Hope made it in good time!
haha, I was gonna say.. that is pretty awkward!
My kickboxing instructor is actually teaching me a lot about Life Design. Off to write about it and share what I'm learning...
I hate when ppl mention me to follow wtf is that!! -Abby
yes most works of art - or anything, really - can be improved by adding sharks
oh dear Lord
Just gotta get through 3.5 days and then I'm
Harbaugh: I also reached out to Tedy Bruschi, who rightfully defended those Patriot players and coaches on ESPN...(con't)
Irregardless is not really a word.
lets invite him hahahaha jk but we shall talk about this somewhere other than twitter lol
people who think that will never see their tweets, shouldn't give up :)
That's an infestation? :-)
Not gonna lie, I haven't laughed at anything so hard since Arrested Development went off the air. "Veep" is great!
it all depends on how long u want to wait! 4s is good...but earliest rumors on 5 have it coming in fall 2012
Herbert: ah who needs em, you like popsicles? Chris: well sure! Herbert: then you need to come on down to the cellar I've got a freezer full
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it
said to email them at if you want to do a workshop in Chicago. PLEASE <3
The Hyatt has invited DLF Forum participants to a happy hour at Bistro 300 on the 3rd floor. 50% off draft beet and wine.
hahahahahah omg those were the days!!! Pimp my ride was ur favorite!
Behave lol RT : So pathetic is always post #Lakers highlights even when #Spurs kick their ass just like
I adore Mark Rylance.
Just a reminder, we are closed today Sat Dec 31, 2011. See you in the New Year on Tuesday, January 3rd!
loves your crusade towards releasing the ego "tolle"
So angry today, which is very uncharacteristic for me.
Walmart: Let’s buy 30 cash registers and only keep two open.
no they should not get involved with the "bounty gate". Focus on the bare bones, cut taxes. Two word: limited government.
know this is tough, but are you up for a quick sound bite? Are you willing to talk to us for a sec before the game?
#ff thank you for the
If you're here for the event that late in the day, don't worry about it.
Puppy vending machines
Figuring out the specs for the North Beach Festival. I am honored to be this year's Production Manager!
agreed!! I can't stand that!
I got through Rawls by giggling about the "original position" like I was a 13 year old boy. :)
see you there!
did he really say that?
Just entered Maryland!!!! :D
Congrats on the 20th anniversary of #BSSM That album got me started playing bass at 12 & was a gateway drug to the world of funk
Just bought an 2011 27 oz Easton Salvo tonight and took one out of the park out of the wrapper. Love it!
So don't tell me it's good to be running every day. In Bed Stuy - we running - but it's different.
On your grave I will die.
Taking a poll on which #bmorehistoric attendees are from non-profit institutions and public institutions.
Why am I work?! But more importantly why have a already witnessed a flood and a fire alarm this morning
i remember those crazy times we had together,& amazing hugs you gave to & then all of a sudden you break my heart into a million pieces
Some people really need to know what RESPECT is!!
yes I'm going with everyone! Text me when you get there 3058789319 dale!
I definitely didn't expect this...
HT : "Sweet! I observed and changed his outcome!"
Back in ye olden days when libraries still had card catalogues...wish I had been born a bit earlier so I could experience that more fully.
Hi Debbie. You're coming to SXSW? We're an Austin-based web startup and would love your thoughts from a mom perspective.
So excited to show my new phone and my new hair and my newly re done room :)
There are only 3 more days left! Sign up before August 1 and get your $5.00! Don't miss out!
IAMTHATIAM, has been a compodre' of mine for quite some time now.. ups and downs..good & bad times, I salute you, chum..now, where's the
Drama, drama, & more drama. Some 'bestfriend' I have.
I that a good thing or a bad thing? :)
NEXT FRIDAY - The Masquerade w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set, etc. Hit us up if you need tix! $15 www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
#yomama so dumb she bought a donut from the 7 11 an returned cause it had a hole in it
I was going to go outside and workout but when I went to move I remembered how sore I am -___-
Obama Plan: Government Centered society with no budget, that redistributes money, & spends 40% more than it has. Rome fell from same plan.
raise your glasses
Lol! Understood. As long as you're happy that's what matters.
Just finished this eight page study guide...now it's time to read it...take the exam...and be done with this semester once and for all. Lol
Chester Bennington's screams are much better live than in the actual songs haha dope
Mothers day is everyday
The biggest test for Memphis: Playing good basketball in the 4th
-- thanks - really enjoyed the gallery....DJ
Good morning tweeps! It's a beautiful day outside : ) I have another clue as to what we will be giving away this Thursday...
I didn't know you did?! You never told me till afrer😒😔
stop story telling kadeem!
My sister seriously has an amazing voice I want to cry when she sings its just that beautiful.
Football Sunday OH YEAH
Brought rain with me to whartscape...
Studio getting it in after work y not
Awesome! Will check them out.
Be sure to watch Leave It On The Floor tonight@ 8 on LOGO it's my movie and a great movie as well check it out Peace to you.
Man like for u to shit and piss on nowaday...that what my nana said
Feel like it's time for handmade puffy paint shirts to make a come back.
"Actors are one family over the entire world." - Eleanor Roosevelt
not sure that Obama had a chance with the social conservatives before yesterdays events.
Not the warmest day out there, so stop in to see #riverside views from the fourth floor of RiverCrest Townhomes! 2135 N Riverboat Rd
You are most certainly welcome!!! And thank you for the same!!
I've got no fingernails left RT : This is excruciating RT : I'm shaking. You are scaring the crap out of me,
If you blocked him you shouldn't be able to see his comments.
#THINGSWEALLHATE wen u meet da sexy guy n he's gay smh...
200.3M in domestic box-office thus far (weekend isn't finished) and 641.8M worldwide in 12 days... Yup, THE AVENGERS are doing it right.
Spotted: a sweaty Steven Cohen commenting on the water temperature at Exhale. SE Real estate moguls love core fusion??
Waking up to a bball court with 9 guys playing...lets do this
U not a batman fan
Hi, What in particular are you referring to?
you need to stop tweeting you are an addict.
Unveiling our new collection of earrings at the #Bizchicks event tomorrow 11/1 5-9 pm on the 31st floor of the Regional Enterprise Tower!
MT : #LibMade MakerBot supplies = cheap. The plastic itself is cheap. Keeping things running smoothly in 3D design = more difficult
Romney is this close to selling me. That speech was a good start.
Wow, it is BEAUTIFUL outside.
Am I the only one who really enjoys driving around mindlessly at night? So peaceful.
At the BizBash Expo in Chicago!
At the Blue Sky for dinner then watch the Nuggs get win no 2.
working on some new music an moves for tha summer
did you find Squishy the Octopus?
Awesome man, I'll check it out
Going to Whole Foods tonight. Wish my wallet luck!
yep finally broke down!
lol i just went on google to check the meaning of complex hahaha :P
Just released a lot of built up energy at the gym, sore as hell now.
(Rob from backseat) "On green you Go! On red you Stop!" Me:"What about yellow?" Rob: "You yell and say HOLD ON!"
RT : The way my hair is growing... Loving my
we may need some "war" themed bows. Is that available? I know, I know its strange Glitter Girls Pageants
who is?
45 I'm giving it away for free to whoever gives me back all the shit stolen from my house
yup, eggs are done, not Nintendo eggs tho.
I'm already following you!
Until February 5th, we are still the reigning Superbowl Champions.
don't forget the band thing
I'm not gonna dream my life I'm gonna live my dream
Been getting the Led out in chronological order today.
Thank you!
Even more to be saved by ceasing to build unnecessary and divisive weapons systems.
Did get hacked. Cuz his bio and location is pretty gay
Business is BOOMING! Is yours?! Hit us up to make an appointment for a FREE Marketing Consult with one of our very own! Call me @ 720-542-6…
I needed a laugh before my surgery. Thanks!
librarians took over the olde hickory tap room tonight at #ncla11 met cool librarians like
Mark Twain: A Lie can make it halfway roun the world while the truth is still puttin on its shoes. #AirAmerica Shoed Up yrs latr
Watching learning the "hazzards" of spelling :)
IDK yet. I do like the piano a lot. Hopefully it listens better for me on the 2nd go round
That sounds amazing. We just left & already can't wait to go back!
and said testicle can bowl a 270.
Happy b day
mix tape look like its gonna be hard
aw damn 3? I feel your pain, I had 2 today that drained me. Good luck marky mark, i know you got it!
Haha! It's 1. Take off glasses 2. Remove hair from eyes or get it layered 3. Shopping spree at J. Crew
RT : African proverb, worth remembering: "If U wnt 2 go fast, go alone. If U wnt 2 go far, go w/ others."
The model for the 21st century library is the Apple Store.
#fridayreads "The Brave" by Nicholas Evans. This is the third novel of his I've read and I've enjoyed them all.
Here's a buzzkill: Run a help wanted ad on Craigslist. My gosh, I am not optimistic for future society.
no omg he's too perfect. Btw. I'm getting rd of all my posters and covering my wall in mattg :3
shaving every since I been walking on a stage or modeling
Gotta go to football first day of hitting I'm still sleepy god damn.
I just finished a 6.26 mi run with a time of 1:11:45 with Nike+ GPS.
Johnny Curtis Blow
Bouta go to the Chinese buffet , with my sis: ) . Yea .
Boudha start this MMA shittttttt wit some navy seal trainers. Fight me now bitch?
I'm in line right now. Thought I was smart by coming in the middle of the day
Heading to Monett Missouri to speak to a group about church planting! Go Epic!!!
I wonder how many stunt livers were needed for Prometheus.
Breaking bad is an awesome show
Watching this Nashville-Phoenix game. I don't like Nashville but I wouldn't mind them winning this round...;)
That's terrific! Glad you had a great time.
I ❤ showing my fam new music... They're my biggest supporters! :)
stop tyrn to hurt ppl children !
Getting ready for a great week with friends. Love this time of year. HEHEEEE
RT ": Am I the only one who feels like an iPad folio case with keyboard built in is overkill?" - Depends on your use case.
3 more days and I'm off to Vegas, can't wait to play poker at Aria. Debating on where to take my daughter to dinner Craft or Strip House
that's fine
Something I learned today: It will cost #SKC $12,000 to host the 3rd round USOC game, including 15% of ticket sales after the $100,000 mark
getting drunk what u on
being out would be a deathknell to their title hopes. Even if healthy, I thought OKC or SA would beat them.
up in Willowbrook area?
sorry, and will do. :)
I NEED SOME SOCKS!!
i just realized how random my tweets sound..
Just Grindn! I Lost yo Contact DM me i got a BIG video shoot needa talk to yu bout it!
The week is finally over! I need a break!
Thanks very much. Neal did an excellent job.
Just did a fashion show at the westin with YALSA :)
ah happy late birthday!
omg gurlllll the same cuz I ate to much popcorn on staurday.
Thought Flickr to Twitter posting wasn't working. But just came through. Double post.
yeah I agree AI was a really good player but not now
if something is $5.08 after tax, and you give the cashier $5.25, leave the change in the penny tray you cheap bastards!!!
My dumbass Spanish teacher is giving us a test today. Wtf.
Working with the #epic today. Nice little camera. Chews through media like crazy.
tell them they are missing all the good stuff from the presenter(s)! :)
Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin
awww. Im sorry :(
We see what we want.
Twitter done messed up now! You should NEVER!, let me back on the direct air! It's going be a dun-dada!
Ed holmberg and Dylan Gouert are in the house! #nick'n'eddie
Arturo is the type of guy that says every girl is his girlfriend or wife, according to him I'm his wife lol
This is just going to be a Romney/Perry battle all night long.
I see no mouse… do you use your mind?
me to
Kobe is killing....
Senate will come in tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. House to follow at 11 a.m. Final Senate vote on tax bill, pension shift expected.
Watching #ItalianJob makes me want to buy a mini cooper. Now that's excellent product placement.
RT : RT : oh - great quote: "information flows at the speed of trust"
Laughing is the best medicine. But laughing for no reason, you need medicine.
I have a stalker. He drives by my house daily. He constantly sees me around town & texts me.
Love new Optimum ad am seeing in NYC where old lady character is tech savvy. So nice to see senior shown as non-doddery & competent.
I expect to get Pasadagavra back from the editor on Monday! I'm so excited!
hey Harry how have you been lately? <3 have a nice day!
They're talking about , #ClimateChange and #space exploration on on Tune in!!!
is your phone dead?
unbelievable show and setlist he truly loves playing in Cleveland
sweetness, and one direction? we'll check em out! and not to much, trying to manage all this twitter/tumblr/facebook stuff
I have the only one available but the girl part is a little funny.
"Every brand wants to be in a social space, but are we doing social correctly?" Must focus on context, relevancy, "little things"
(trying not to gloat...)
I met this little girly, her hair was kinda curly...RT : It's tricky! It's tricky tricky tricky! RT : This speech is my reci
good ot hear hehe
Students are savvy, they want to touch things in museum, comfortable with tech - they have to dumb down to come to museum.
Is spinning alongside Adam Foster at the W Hotel pool party in Fort Lauderdale.
I hate it when people speak jasmine villegas what is a bitch she is human
#WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly Its All About That Cash! Nbs
is it poisonous?
Not a huge fan, but I would think Mark Martin as well??
inculding me :D
Love you, babe!! Mama
Yes, I have seen Big Love or, as my friend Elmer Fudd calls it, Big Wuv... Hee Hee Hee
I think they are Brazilian
oh you gon learn today!
just leave montana & alone...its none of your damn business what they do or who they date.
Come on May 2nd at 7pm to the Madison Senior Center to hear from , Madison Fire, students and city officials about Mifflin
I hate Reply All.
Finally doing laundry, it's been about a month since last time I did it, so much dirty clothes
Listening to ice box by omarion remember that dance we made up to this song?
Anothha bitch.! Soo I'm not gone just stay in a relationship knwing tht..id be fcckn stupid to stayy riqqht...?
lol well u coo wit me den shawty your officially followed back ; )
What ever you want......you already are.
Thanks Jeff! Sorry I missed you! RT : , fine, fine work yesterday! Best #BizExpo ever. Onward and upward!
Unfortunately, they closed the one on Parson closest to Dwntwn. I've heard Jossepi's in the Bottoms/w.Broad st is also good?
♥Thanks 4 advice.
here's to the kalin and Myles fans that live in the UK but still support them.
just was at new store. Need sour cream and pumpkin donuts.
Welcome aboard Expecting big things from you.
Loss of Suggs for the season...horrible blow for #Ravens. On the bright side, wait...no bright side.
Just got home from a great night & had some breakfast. It's 7am & the sun is rising. That's partying in Salamanca for ya. :) Now, bed time!
Forgot I switched accounts and tweeted you back from crazy ed ha
if you need prayer come to Prophetic Activation Skype meeting this Friday. starts at 10pm add my Skype name ( Carlos.Bello507)
Thanks bro! U know I've failed a 1000 times and gotten up 1001 times! Definitely gonna make it big one way or another!
Approaching 10,000 views but the actual total is supposedly way, way more..thanks guys!! Keep posting it on FB, it's working!
glad to have you on the team
It's so true - the geese in Bristol are NUTS
It is a beautiful day studio!!! Filled with garden roses, hydrangea, and hybrid ranunculus! Can't wait to deliver tomorrow:)
Visit by ship on round-the-world tour launches Victoria&#39;s cruise season
words i live by
Ugh. Lame.
One more #BallSoHard Pun and I'm deleting my twitter
#NP Para Siempre - Dj Sancho. Ah, I miss my ganster love songs, from the old days. :)
rain in the city
in my defense, I'm a "longtime" fan from your Best Week ever days, and am glad to have found you again.
Hope you had fun exploring Chicago - It was great meeting you in person after a few years online :)
Jumpin on a plane back to Vegas!
while its getting harder for you, its getting easier for me.
Awesome! Congrats on your success! Love Blue Bloods!
haha i do that too xD
A Kindergarten student commenting on my forgetting bus numbers at dismissal: "is your brain too small for all these numbers?"
GO AVS! “: Bout to catch me a Jersey Devils game.. Coincidently they playing the Colorado Avs...”
Sure. :) Good job Im in 250..
what do you want me to tell you about? Lol. Twitter was still the same. Haha. (:
RT : Azalea is going to lose her mind. She's the star of not one but TWO holiday cards.
I'll call you in the am. Congrats on the win bro.
DeVito a terrific run stopper, while Coples expected to add to pass rush. Should complement each other in #Jets' defense.
Happy Birthday! Don't hate us youngsters still in our 20s!
It's fine! I get it, it happens lol. Welcome :)
Michael Baron wins outstanding director for resident musical " A Year with Frog and Toad."
Best vday present from the CityOfMilwaukee: recyclers showed up for the first time in 2 months.
Thanks for the heads up on this new book:-)
The camera loves you both!
First I want to say I love you very much Betty!,pls tell us ur opinion, was it right for Pres Obama to invite Kardashians there
Will be an exciting final day on the Dan McClimon track with #Badgers men and women teams leading #B1GTF. Stop out or follow
Seems twitter has unfollowed people for me, and then suggested I follow them again.
Life's like a rollercoaster. u get jerked one way & another, never know whats around the corner, but just have 2 sit back & enjoy the ride.
....Lol I'm don't know what to say.
and aw u saw Bonnie Dune?! how awesome, we should see them together one day fo sho! then hot cookies!
Got dam. Is lucroy something or what?!
“: Shoutout to ! He's the best , follow him !” dam straight I'm the best!!
15 minutes of physical activity per day lowered odds of obesity more than 50% in boys and nearly 40% in girls.
what is that thing? hahah
I love weather. While living in NYC I guessed exact snow-fall totals...Local NBC affiliate used me each winter thereafter for 6 yrs
Around world, Obama's presidency a disappointment: Turns out he saw the best part.Full Story AP National News VideoMore>> As SWAT tea...
I swear my sister has anxiety attacks...
Just saw "1984" at the GAMM theatre! SO good!
The Cowboys released Terence Newman?
now that's wassup team rapitup
Thanks for the support in Kansas! Shine responsibly!
You may not start at the top,enhancing&sharpening your skills soaked in with hard work,dedication and heart proves that youll reach the top
Thrice makes such incredible music. It's a shame they don't get more recognition for this.
damn twitter FOLK!!!
Testing FB Updates
So #thankful to work with incredible LGBTQ at !
Taking matters into your own hands is sometimes the best thing to do..
trying to get off work so I can join you guys. power in numbers.
we'll get sukhdeep to play the lead I can totally see it coming together
Just wondering if Souther California is the best place in the whole world to live!
lol yea I asked if I could go to the grove with abner monik and jordan and she was like hahaha not today
Hey Justin, how old are you?
You're so right! *throws down my green light saber and grabs a red one* Cue Darth Vader theme music.
Why do we want an unelected board of ANYONE doing ANYTHING with public money?
mystery solved: but that brescia should be latinized as brixiensis was clearly beyond by deductive capacities.
someone really said that? Way off
It's hard to admit when you know that you're wrong, when every line and every lie is piling on.
what did say she was gonna do? Omg sorry again! Lol <3
dude. Did u see that!
Examine yourselves to see whether you are in the faith; test yourselves. -2 Corinthians 13:5 seems easy to get consumed elsewhere each day
Inquiring "Who do you trust" at #edeltrust2012 Fact check? International news? Huffington Post?
Good first aau practice, Cats and Spartans both getting the W, and spending the day with my lil cousin dirty d.
well I have taken a few drinks of my husbands bc I crave it so much..I'm looking forward to 2-3 glasses. Lol
Its time to go to bed.
who's grinding? ;)
also I am recording to that track right nooooooowww doggydoggy I will send you way web it's done
i dont really want to take a shower because than 's autograph will wash off :(
Eddie Johnson litteraly scored...he just fortgot to the ball with him.
haha pretty funny
of sweet.... I gatta check it out then
dont u have like another phone o.o -.-
RT : Transcript of UN press briefing from Tuesday, facing questions re & #cholera complaint
Watching #Eureka now!!! Love it!
Is salsa involved in all of this? Shouldn't it be? Restaurants always make you ask for more.
"Social Media is the new neighborhood" ~ Sandi Krakowski
Are you going to ?
I've been fortunate that my therapist have "heard it all". So, nope, better my therapist than my family.
Good luck! RT : Big day today! We're shooting our pilot in front of a live studio audience!
Saying Kobe is better than LeBron bc of titles is like saying Teague is better than Wall.
Missouri loves company
I sense that I am just this close (pinches fingers nearly together) to the weekend.
It's only 1 o'clock and I've already had 2 cups of tea!
Twitter chat tonight from 5:30-8 for #usfpr students wanting to work in NYC
What's with the uh oh?
Come now, Milwaukee, it's nearly February. You should be frozen, not smelling of an open wound.
About a week ago, sent me a tweet of nothing but hearts. This makes me smile every time I see it.
I second , and I'm from Illinois.
Looks like NASA didn't arrange for a splashy show, I guess the scientists ran this project and not the marketers :)
RT I invented four new karate moves while trying to get an automatic paper towel dispenser to work.
Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
First 5 people to come in, mention this post and spend $10.00 will get a special gift! Paradigm Gardens Madison ONLY!
I might be interested! told me about this earlier today.
I dropped my phone :'(
might hop on open mic night in a couple days ha
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
HY Holiday party today. Should be fun.
RT : "I believe in the moral argument for aid… but I also believe that it is in our national interest" -UK PM David Cameron
ok. I hope it goes well. If not we can make the doctor "get in the groove"
great...now I have that song stuck in my head.
glad you enjoyed it!
having read your TL, I'm greatly curious as to what YOU would find inappropriate? ;-)
This for my homies.... Jermaine, and Carl.
Cant stop, won't stop, I must be dreaming...
i was a minute late calmit
Thx for the follow...following you back....
Fuck you Heath Bell
Morning run will start in approximately 45 minutes have a blessed day all.
Power is back THANK YOU We Energies for fast response and twitter updates. <3
Also I stopped at post office & got poetry stamps (including Plath, Levertov, Bishop, Gwendolyn Brooks, e.e. cummings, etc.).
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises
I've got Bieber Fever on my birthday
Hysterical eggplant parmesan tantrums dropping like bombs over here.
Yep, I'm at Oak bar, hovering near the fireplace so I can pounce if a spot opens up near it :)
Just got in from bvm, had a good night. Gonna get a shower & get some sleep. Night ^__^
likewise, & if you ever have any musical events to promote, that have potential guest performers for my kind of show, get in touch
Happy New Year from everyone at Salinger's
mind of picasso ha ;b
aw! So sweet!
N the woman next 2 me on the plane.........MILF!!
I suppose now isn't the best time to say I never liked the Beastie Boys
I was just told I was too pretty for probation -
I guess I never let you go, because in the back of my mind I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
#Napa locals check out #IDSNapa.com Remodels, Tenant improvements#
Remember when people thought Facebook email was going to be a thing?
Can I visit sometime soon... I miss the kids!!!
do you do graveyard shifts?
RT : "Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." ~ Malcolm Forbes
Indy not ready. I'm convinced
You can't beat 11 hours of power. Somebody get me a 5 hour energy drink
no...I'll look for it. I use classic Ro-tel for all kinds of cooking now...glad to try other products of yours
a GM has to clear your badge and they could be anywhere in the store.
country music
Shit. I'll take flowers and wine if it's given to me. Lol
They fucking did it mates. Bloody hell...
Congrats to future first ballot HOFer and fellow UNI alum Kurt Warner.
WOOHOO!!! got most of my trip to San Diego planned! My way there, place to stay, and an idea of how to get home. that works right? =)
The he/she from Twilight? Yeah. And she's an AWFUL actress. lol! C'mon Andrew! With all these HOT celebs you choose HER?
it's all good. if you stay positive then bad things will turn to good eventually
So did you get your free shirt?
don't get why people don't understand the concept of reserved seats... Planes, movies,concerts... How can it be so hard to sit in your spot?
5. Some social/advocacy organizations have spent so much effort erasing male survivors many believe that can't be raped.
Love the SECRET WONDERLAND lotion from Bath & Body!! Thanks Jamie!! <3
what's the current magic number? 40?
GM folk
For my scholar friends--what little, fly, funky things do you do during your summers to keep it (and yourself) fresh? Adding to your game?
This just in: week-old ranch Doritos smells exactly like vomit
Fox renames movie in wake of killing
#2011icf #5: Use your whole brain... Integrate the two hemispheres #6: balance body and mind... Learn to preserve your own health
Vernon Davis is a beast
How are you gearing up for #RoyalWedding guys
whats going on?
#SinceImBeingHonest I love Johannesburg more than Cape Town
u right about tht
FunFact: Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue of the human body.
hey, my buddies said they don't have any discount for tickets, buddy passes but no tickets. I can't hook u up with those.
Lol this guy “: Cucos closed. On to more mexican”
WAS THERE AND 'S HE CALLED ME AH": Thanks so much Philadelphia! That was one of my favorite shows of the tour. Pizza time"
the ref made a technically correct call, just a bummer it came down to that. Great game overall though
the West Hollywood store on Beverly
"it's life"
Those might possibly be our favorite part of Easter...those or Reese's eggs.
If you're in Ohio city today for the open air market stop down to and pick up Cellar Door Records Vol I for $5!
The goodnight call I just got ☺>
have fun
send me your mailing info at and I'll set you up with a poster - thx!
Does a museum's personality in the physical space and its social media personality need to match?
why would my mom pick me up late when I have I go to work -___-
with Eileen Rene & Kiana Prudhont for the Green Screen & Final Cut Pro Seminar at the SAG Foundation (@ SAG Foundation)
I am following you..... I see your an alcoholic, that's nice
Laker fans excited because they're barely beating a team in the first round without a star player...it's like Loserville final four fans.
Had the Crazyest dream EVER!!!! AH
": Get really bigg!" #getmoney he might fight May 11th
Today we are excited to have of join us in DC at the #cysummit for an exciting announcement!
New post: Nickel & Nickel succulent syrah, took my breath away!
Kid Rock is surprisingly a really interesting person... In a good way
They have the best hue of blue.
: only one #month until we see each other again! #wecandothis I'm so proud of you. Have a good night.
I've been wanting to go to the beach for a cool minute.
Central Market Westgate in Austin tonight from 6:30-9pm. Good Times!!
I have no service in Dallas since 8 PM last night. What is going on. Not happy right now.
Great athlete placement opp: MTV2's Hip-Hop Squares (play off of old H'Wood Squares game). Along w rappers, Steelers’ LaMarr Woodley 2b feat
see you at the VFW!
No luck on the poll eh? Or did I miss it?
Hard to belive shit like this happens, Rest In Peace Reno <3
The Waterboy about to play on FX >>>
RT : Good luck getting this sorted, know it must be aggravating to say the least. Nice to meet you! / Nice to meet U2
i missed boyfriend music video.. i am so mad !
Its simple. Elected officials work for the people.
So pumped for "Jay-Z & Beyonce: Love Affair" Hip Hop Yoga w/ at tomorrow night! Who's going?!
hey may I co-own with you?
Photoshop Tip: Right-click or command+click to quickly view your brushes palette.
Can't beat "epic"
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
Yeah buddy!!! Go Butler!!
just when i thought she was getting better...
it IS crack. I've been eating two veggie bowls a week on average...including tonight :)
why do you have a pic of gabe!!! lmfao!
Pinch hit by Jeff Samardzija in the bottom of the 11th, gets hit to load the bases!!! No outs!
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big-Donald Trump
Snack city, snack snack city. Study snacks at Hillel.
Sometimes a cold, dark, empty office early in the morning is the best place to do work ever.
Don't forget Happy Hour today with AnaJet Booth #803 at NBM Long Beach!
The way that shit spams facebook makes me stay away.
I liked it a lot. Hope your Friday is going well and you have a nice weekend.
G.M.N.I.: Migraine. Home in 10 minutes.
You follow me? Is because if you do not follow me I'll give you in unfollow :S
Today's wines 's Local Underground Tent Party for free sampling and glass purchase - 3 of 6 - Tamarack Cellars Chardonnay
great practice tonight, next show's at NJ State Fair. June 24th see you there?
Of the Coke bottle hitting the ground? Because they didn't save their campaign. #abortion RT : Nice save.
President Lora Burnett: announces April 24 at 12:30, brown bag #poetry reading in GSA lounge by poet Andrea Witzke Leavy.
Bay Area bound. Can't wait to see and
#youcanthaveswag if youre not comfortable being you, simple as that.
“: LOL read my last tweet” which one?
My Dreamcast is so old it has become senile - every time I turn it on it wants to know what day it is...
well start buying some. The next weeks driving is gonna be insane
#tmoniacz COME ON ICONIACZ LETS TREND THIS FOR T$!!! :)
I saw him beat up a guy with a starfish, that guy was me
He's into everything I wanna do, everything I want, anything at all.
they need something to compete with the evil CHL
And Kenya needs to beat her feet...right off the show...another Meeka smh
Look smart. You have until tomorrow morning to tell us how/why you #votesmart for a chance to win a Project Vote Smart Tee-Shirt!
but nothing beats Cafe Bella Mia
I love it when I get incredible customer service!
teaches ALL of Group Strength today at 12:05!
do you have info I can tweet about get the dough out of politics?
you're NYC pix are too cute, Joyo. Too cute!
And a happy weekend to you, Colin
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed. Storm Jameson
Nope...too comfortable with mine to be. They love who they love and I love who I love. It's all love:)
Thank you for making the car trip. Great picture.
Was it good or bad? lol
i would like to goto a mtv award show one day....
What does it mean when you "donate a tweet" Is it worth money for a cause or something?
I seriously need more money 6 dollars left in my account?!!
i just followed it austin. (: and then i just rt it. dm me please? (;
k, try to time is so you're at the forest station around 6:30
TeeHee one of my followers is really cute xD 💋👀
I follow him
Q3: health, taste, cost, favorites, freshness
Didn't receive... I had whitelisted your e-mail address, too. DM me your assistant's e-mail, I'll whitelist that, too.
Question to the profession is - do we want change, if so how badly, and what are we prepared to do to get it?
Those who have found Love and take love for granted, if they are not careful,they night wake up in their graves crying
It's been One Of Those Days for everyone at HBTB. GIJ is upstairs writing a paper, and I'm downstairs spending time in Middle-earth.
I wanna go
Open mic tonight with Jeordie! 930pm. Nice time to come chill out and relax!
PPoBR is bringing in a special act this year!Tommie Turvey is an incredible showman, stuntman, and horse trainer. Can't wait to see his act!
Trailer for Oliver Stone's SAVAGES. Your reaction is...
Gorbachev's visit to Gage Park HS is coming up on turn on your TV!
Two children from a Brooklyn Montessori school bring change they had collected to Lonnie Bunch and stop to hug the Obamas. Crowds says Aw
RT : Loved 's keynote speech. Shs's so amazing
TATTOO PARTY @ MY STUDIO TODAY!!! COME ALL!!! DRINKS, FOOD, GOOD MUSIC, & OF COURSE SMOKE!!! LET'S GET IT...CALL ME FOR DETAILS 574-993-3136
well shit... imma actuall go smoke that cigarette now lol, maybe a bowl too.... nah, definitely a bowl too.... lol
Happy single awareness day !!! Also known as valentines day!!!!!!! ha ha! Hope your day is filled with love and smiles!
Hey Brittany! How can we help transition your co. to #ROWE? Everyone should be focused on results :)
i had a really weird, really dark harry potter dream. crazy shit went down.
Yes #Detroit heart of America coming back!!
We have training sessions this weekend in Charlotte, NC; Birmingham, AL; Charleston, SC, Lithonia, GA and Alpharetta, GA. Whew!
What is ur dates coach? Wud luv2come up if @ all possible.
why watch? just say no to stressful bullshit television. make your hubby do yoga with you. who knows where that could lead?
Ikr! But some crazy person just woke me up!!! Can't sleep! Even when I want to SMH
Thanks to Diane Perlman for making this event happen tonight!
I wanna get a tattoo. My friend is actually helping me design one now.
Cape Cod chips, enough said.
No, Mr. Blood Donation Murse, I am not looking at internet porn on my phone while I'm giving blood. I am on Twitter & you are inappropriate
yeah, i laughed at Frontier Room Massage yesterday as well :-)
Much confirmation!
yea its fun!
your wish is my command!
Lol gaga is.too intense introducing BS ..
Yes, their web site indicates they submitted a proposal in 2009.
Now on Hootsuite..
I close my eye while driving.
5 former Rangers get rings tonite as #Orioles. Hunter, Strope, O'day, Chavez & Chris Davis
I had a great work out today.
thank you.
that's incredible.
85 to IR?
Dang it...I wanna watch the movie "Toddler"...but can't find it online :-(
Follow me on #instagram Lovin this app!! I really need an iPhone now!!
is happiest with her silly family. <3
i'm concerned because my 7 page paper is sitting at 3 1/2 and i'm done. #whatdoido #fontsize48?
atleast ur saving urself two syllables with that one :-)
In IL, employment for ex-con political types is excellent as they have all been great experts for the Blago fiasco.
Karma will get you paid. Always. See you at WIP soon.
destruction complete! that will teach the yard 2 make work 4 the man on the weekend when he should be playing w/scraps.
let's it it poppin!!! Lol. Holla at me when u get out big tyme.
haha you FINALLY used it right!! :D
Yes, but I see them both as being counter to the "hold tight to our stuff" attitude. Digitize it & let people do stuff w it.
ah, relax! that's a piece of cake!
I wonder if will be my valentine this year :,)
Lol well, I'm full of surprises! ;)
Its getting hot.. crack a window air it out.
Seattle Sorbets is working on the custom sorbet cup for the Reese Wedding!!
Omg I missed you!!! So glad I got to see u preform again!!!
Glad to know my sister has my back from now on 😉👍
Also: "September 27, 1986. I Went to Grandma Joys. I Crowcede. Also Did Things With Old, Old Pens." [What things, 6-year-old me?]
#wheelsofsuccess just surprised Jack Harris with a #1 Fan award at their R.A.C.E awards ceremony. Well deserved.
It sure is refreshing to have a couple days of sun!
Super mad I was sleeping GOOD AF
Andrew Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter! Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
Hats off to the #iubb Hoosiers. They had a great season. We'll be back in the Sweet 16 next year!!
thanks Sweetness!
I am so excited!!! I am probably more excited than she is!
I'm going at 11:20 see you there
CANT BELIEVE ME AND THE GIRLS MISSED LIL BRIANNA MUSIC VIDEO SHOOT THAT WAS THIS WEEK END .... BUT CAN WAIT TO SEE THE VIDEO .
oh me too rosie! we'll work well together;)
It's only right that people who provide services and charge us a down payment on their jets do the same..it's only fair..
Oh yeah. Tony #noms in the morning.
I feel like, tonight's my night.
how are you....I'm doing well.
Do you know of any 12 to 13 year olds that would like to do an OB course? Right now, our two 5 day courses this summer are 50% off!!
That's lovely! GBHGIS has a whole data model for "X reduced by 45 acres to enlarge Y on date Z" changes. Very flow-chart like.
I blessed. How are you!
You would think more christians would be carpenters
To the lake again
Thanks for the RT -Under 20 days until #IDODI Destination ImagiNation Global Finals!
Here it comes Nathaniel - hang in there!
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” (Bo Bennett)
K <--- missed number 11
Hello! I need help naming a new business. Involves Bungy Trampoline, And water Bobles, like giant hamster ball you play in while on water.
Kind of surprised you didn't ask who he had to beat up to get the gig
Watching Nightmare Before Christmas on VHS.
Follow - sure, I'll do anything to keep Pat Holloway out of trouble!
And absolutely loathe that she is stranded in O'Hare due to her flight back home to Hartford being cancelled.
we is that today? i feel so honored haha
Definitely, look forward to it.
June 26th I think!
because it's another night, another dream wasted on you
Thanks for the RT. Fun plans for the weekend?
Happy Veteran's Day! May we remember those who have sacrificed for our freedom!
When you're walking alone and every little noise scares the fuck out of you
u got it sweetheart
I know mom. Just want to always do the best. Love you
Thanks for the mention!
The not-so-subtle shaming of the fighting Reps and Dems was a piece of loveliness.
Also - 'To Maternity... and beyond!' “: Clothing store for pregnant women. "From Here to Maternity."
don't stop lol
Totally #winning tonight. Boobs AND butt look way bigger.
#6wordfilmplots People in Idaho are freaking weird.
Faden: public presentation of student projects shifts burden of communication from reader to writer.
maybe ;D
Ah, okay... Not quite what I envisioned (something much more...horrid), but...thanks for the education!
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. - Buddha
it means the stink of the blazers follows you
♥ HEY ATL! TONIGHTS PARTY IS 18+ SO GET YOUR LITTLE SISTER AND GET READY!! Doors at 10pm!! ♥
Another PK for Man U and they are right back in this thing.
Guess no one ever told that private jets already have suicide doors...
seems logical
I hope this guy does his tricks on the course!
I knew that.
#parenthood season finale is next week?!?!?
ah ok
"Cry" by Kelly Clarkson is on my list of covers to do :)
DZ don't need a microphone!
thanks for the mention! Don't forget...it's for stub club members only!
Despite the Ipad shortcomings I will have to get one!
The Lakers will probably pull through and win Game 7. But what this tweet presupposes is... maybe they won't?
Dam this beat sounds 10x better than yesterday. Dope
drew beringer is the worst tweeter jn the history of teitter
Drew this iks extremely inappropriate. Please delete immediately.
doubt it
How you start World War 3 all the way in Carajoland #sad ;)
Right there with you!“: Another 90 degree day in Chicago. This is about the time when I start missing the cooler weather.”
i started hi wit 2 o's jus like ohio
Should I get my hair cut?
So…do you have a recommendation, or are you just complaining on behalf of the cebids?
need to watch the devil inside with
Rather than teaching SoMe for med school, it's more important to personally exp SoMe to realize how/why its useful
I swear that nigga pulled the dictionairy out for the word on words with friends lol
Could you perhaps expand on what this means exactly? I'm intrigued.
You CHOOSE to. ;-)
just had 491 yards against me in Madden.
For the Hunger Games movie, did everyone just forget about Octavia, Flavius, and Venia? xD I'm sad they weren't there.
Just kicked some butt in halo
LOVE taking naps.
Hoping that #NASPA12 Purposeful Sharing will be included on DVD AND featured on web. More to come!
Vigil for Gary Tinsley. Find out what his friends and teammates had to say at 11AM on
I liked the "mental exoskeleton" bit.
ya! definitely haha(:
Making the card for :)
Make sure to stop into Pittsburgh Popcorn Co! Their Oakland flavors are: Vanilla Cashew, The Cajun, Mesquite BBQ!
;; Yeeah . I like that word . Dunce . Lol
the end of an era
The awkward moment when my boss hangs out with me before work...
I thought I was hearing things... RT : LOL did just say wasbend
lol omg i was slowly dying the entire time. and everyone else was talking and I was the only one who paid attention
Overtime wrap party last night. Indescribably awesome.
An interesting fact from our friend’s : Your eyes contribute towards 85% of your total knowledge.
I don't mean to bother u but I feel like ur famous...o.0 idk y
Is it me or the Braxton family values reality show really sucks?
#Giro One of the more crowded parts of Italy, at -74k approaching #Cassino, marked by the bravery of Polish and Canadian soldiers in WW2.
and do u still go on stickam ? (: i made one but the stupid thing is ...i dont have a cam xD
Positive student development is formed by: hope, zest, curiosity, altruistic love, and persistence via Dr. Eileen Hulme
Ya bitch call me a princess idgaf!!! You a low life who disrespects women gtfo!
Im super excited 2
Going to get my hurt on
Can I come?!
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 6
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 1: "See if the 'world' of open books will work for me (and my students)."
Uhh hate getting up early!!
we're setting in a new garden on a vacant lot. Lots of rubble and broken up foundation mixed in with the dirt
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends. - Juvenal
People need loving the most when they deserve it the least
Hi Joyce Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
is Baltimore-based, and on the floor below us. Stop in and visit us all next time you get to Baltimore
13 in a half (:
No matter what I do, or who I'm with, you're always on my mind
no doubt. has always, and will always, be my hero.
Glad to hear it! Claire and Jill are great.
the word swag itself has too much swag like toes.
RIP MCA. You and the Beastie Boys had such an influence on me.
relaxing sunday <3
I'll put this in my blog hopper... If you blog write your thoughts first and I'll respond :)
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my boyfriend; I ♥ my family...I HATE YOU UR SELFISH AND MEANINGLESS TO ME
Summer hurry up. So many projects and tests
I understand why that simile works; it is a big brick with windows, isn't it.
When you call your self fat, your obviously hungry for attention.
I miss Whens my favorite latino gonna come back?? Be neat to see him tonight!!
good thing you didn't open it, cause then it would have hacked yours and sent it to all your followers.
"Remember that you're dealing with football players. None of this is very complicated." Nice, Collinsworth.
Unless he goes on a demonstrable, crazy streak, all this crap is going to keep up. I don't want to deal with that garbage.
I'm sick of all the liars and the bullshit. Man up if you got some business to deal with.
#Shoutout to she saved my life.
RT : Help Build a Green Wall at ! All week on Q Level, share your ideas and post your commitments.
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
Custom Invoice Printing at NYC Printing 123. Customize your invoices and keep your purchases, products and orders organized.. 2 or 3...
do u know him in real life
in November :)
just took the dog for an early morning walk on the beach, looking forward to a good long day of work today
...your new stuff is so good. Thanks for the inspiration. :)
I'm dressing up as a carrot for the concert. You mad bro? Ok...
#KidCudi on the CMAC stage tonight turning the heat up. Anyone at the concert attending ?
oh wow! u need a roadie or two bro lol
If there's blood on the roots, there's blood on the branches.
Look forward to your comedy at a future date.
Finishing up recording tomorrow
Dream More while you are awake. Upload your art and showcase your work. Start today
I saw Coach give the foul sign too
This weather is seriously 2 #RIDIC It's freezing outside, may, and I'm still wearing my winter coat & got the heat on in the car!!
I saw the movie with you and ving rhanes where you played an assassin, you were gangsta, I loved it!!!
they called her beautiful!
where u goin?
i need a cuddle buddy
