sorry for pity partying.
Definitely bout to get darker!
“The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.” ~Confucius
RT From : Do something DICEE: Deep, Intelligient, Complete, Empowering & Elegant.
Very excited for climbing vids tonight at the kiggins in #vanwa, after party at the source!
Am I the only Sunday subscriber seriously ticked that they run Sun content that I pay for on website as early as prev Wednesday??
Followed you back<33
No full story at wordpress just a bite. I will post it in a couple of minutes.
#RememberThatKidInSchool you bullied? Yeah, he committed suicide. Think of consequences before you do repugnant things.
Fucking makes you short!
is sessy as fut. With the sexy shoulder.....
We Bought a Zoo - liked it, but now I want one.
If it ain't broke, don't marry it
just finished the new logo for our latest project. Get ready to be prepared ;)
it takes a while to build custom drums, but no returned phone call? That is just
lol depends on the promise! :p but whats up?
watching Bridesmaids with (:
Currently looking for a good movie to watch on Netflix
Truth for anyone is a very complex thing. For a writer, what you leave out says as much as those things you include. -Jeanette Winterson
Wish someone would stop calling me names
pecan pie.... Yummy
Is it wrong that I'm kinda wishing for a tragedy to occur onstage right now?
seaworld slaves.. =( poor whales!
has discovered the Star Cricket channel. All cricket. All the time.
Hey. Create back channel
I'm a magazine I saw closet I'm jealous it's huge...it's pink....It's my dream closet
yepp always will be
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living; the world owes you nothing; it was here first. ~ Mark Twain
yay! We can hang out then.
A success The Unleashing Joy. So much success ....Check on the pictures on Facebook. Dr. Cynthia Harris
Have you ever thought of doing a podcast about traffic and patterns? Planned cities? Sounds fun! (not really but interesting!)
Oh gosh.. I hate my laugh so much.
riding the first of two buses between the campuses where i work. oh the glitzy life of an adjunct.
The anger guy is this calm collected guru who has no problems and helps others be serene as he is....April Fools!!!
aw thanks! :)
Each month Car Crafters wants to share with you specials or promotions.
time to get my priming on.
Brunch was spectacular!
Ah sthu! :) I told you I was on the phne!!!
Whens shit pays off.. I wont have anyone else to thank but myself & God.
I was thinking Pete Campbell would scatter his brains or Roger would have a heart attack while fucking some chick...
OR help with the Tent Village set-up (Thurs 5/3 AM & aft.) & earn one free festival screening voucher in exchange for every 2 hours worked!
Can't wait! RT : Thanks for the retweet. September 15 it right around the corner!
In life u can absolutely count on 1 thing:Everything can turn in 1 min.Don't u dare giving up,u might be only 1 moment away from a windfall.
: Norwegian data showed that people tend to over-report their mobile phone use, with correlation w/ actual use around .5
RT Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours. - Benjamin Disraeli
I think it might take more than cash. Will have to be some serious $$$.
coolest news today: Pluto has a new moon, no mythologically-inspired name yet, but it joins Charon, Hydra, and Nix.
logistics video done! Wo0t! P.S. minor changes to PoPS, so let's chat!
For now on Yall follow me
o yeA i remember those days....yu will b hm soon doe rite...
body shop and stuff wbu ?!
MMA estimates 25% of U.S. population (54.8M) will own a tablet by the end of 2012!
I have noticed that also man its full of little kids that like to tattle
i think we are supposed to go to a concert in an hour, boyfriend is still asleep. i can't wake him though, i'd feel bad.
Playoff Hockey?! The Pens lost, hockey season is over! Lol
so annoying, but I love zapping them!
Goodnight Everyone <3
Decided to go carb free from now until Easter. This should be interesting...
Have you seen the movie, "The Ultimate Gift"? This one is a "must see" if you haven't. Share your gifts with the world!
Koala drama?! Hilarious lol “: ah.cool...currently watching a show about koala drama in Austr and NZ”
Carton of orange juice with 120% vitamin C.
Blah stupid school. No work tonight yay!!!!!
Did I just see Kristen Bell doing a Kotex commercial? Throw a sloth in there or something..
JANINE!(: how have u been?!
#Aday ah! It is on
Looking forward to going home and hanging out with my kid. Yeah, I'm that person.
I've got the board members that tell me we can't do projects because we can't get volunteers.
watching Eat Pray Love in French... I love watching American movies in French
The rest of us have not all seen the other live ones. We will all decide which one to use on Monday :)
I'm glad that michonne decided to join the party....took to long!!
Moving brings out the worst in people.
okay isn't good enough
LOL...you're so sanctified!!
lmfao..... uh.... who are you? lmfao i'm joking loser :)
Yeah it's fairly straightforward. If you want something even more simple then you can try tumblr like
get the hell out of there and go to ur nearest OUTBACK!!! LOL
No. This is the first special election in SD46 under the current district boundaries.
Oh boy! Bronchitis? Yikes! Glad to hear you're feelin better & the hubs is back at work!
Heat just disappointed me 
a lil beautiful
im annoying , i annoy myself...its pathetic baaah
LOL IM GONE ROCK IT THO
Dancing with the Stars elimination show is painfully trying to kill the one- hour time slot. Tedious filler.
The official name is a ScottyBall.
did I not tell you about how a naked woman ruined my gym bag by sitting on it, naked? there were shoes and a racquet in that bag...
Is it valuable outside the trilogy (e.g., for teaching, or a quick review?) Can it stand alone? Also: fun? I snored thru Empire
kickin up dust at Lucy's.....do it, son!
We'll be at the Mind Tripping Show Come join us for some freaky, fantastic fun!
Stay tuned!!!!
site instead of ? Want to find a way to move info btwn social media the easiest. Like more though/
Tonight, I'm going to sleep.
Maybe he's in a shed somewhere. RT : Only good aspect of Craig James running for Senate -- he's not allowed to call Holiday Bowl.
Don't choose the one who is beautiful to the world. But rather, choose the one who makes your world beautiful.
It's a "fall asleep to pandora" kinda night
do u have a dvd player on the bus I got some dvds for u when u hit chi n indy lol
Tony Roberts just put it dwn for philly u a funny bull lookin forward to the next show!!!
I'll get something up by tomorrow afternoon.
Long day. I think i will eat some sushi.
Been slacking on my tweet game tho lol ... Hello world
lol how many ppl actually come to the library eh?
I just think he answered a question for an article to be honest. Timing more to do with not being named all-star than contract
I love my friends<3
tattoos aren't all they're cracked up to be... just don't get anythig too tacky.. something small tasteful and cute :-)
Can someone just give me ?! No? Oh. Okay...
TGIF to all ..Feel nice when its FRIDAY ;)
took a nap after work and I'm still strugglin to get up
creighton is 10-1 in MVC finals, the 1 loss the only other OT game for the Jays in the finals when CU lost to Tulsa in 1984
No room for IGNORANCE
In the office, wearing 4 layers. Still freezing. Put boiling water in a mug just to keep my hands warm.
We have a show tomorrow at The Talent Farm with #TheseHearts! 6:30 Hit us up for presales and save $4
Find what you love and let it kill you
I may not have a plan like the smart kids,I may not always listen to everyone, but I know where I am heading is gonna be somewhere i wanna b
Panic mode 😨
Just wondering how long this line of traffic is
hey cuz welcome to twitter :-) xoxox
Do you avoid using Myspace because of it's layout/dashboard, or it's inundation of advertisement?
At the Royals Vs Tigers game with the girlfriend.
It's a good question. Do you mean bringing the #ELTchat to those who aren't on twitter?
Happy National pretzel Day!!! What's better on a pretzel than UJPM!!!
#opendata #gov20 #opengov #ca Other gov agencies need open data in an open public data format too.
listening to #addicted for like the 30th time now, I can't get enough I'm addicted to you !!!! ♥♥♥♥
big ups to the rubber city...
Just got back to #Dallas. Great trip to #wmc. Time to really get to work. ;-) Remixes in the can and new mixtape this fri!
And by "with" I mean....he's in the movie...not in my house... but I'm sure you guessed as much.
Guess River isn't the Doctor's mom after all. Now is the little girl his daughter or the Master?
People who walk hard always have to be on the top floor, they are just as bad as people with bad breath always getting up close in your face
Can you send to & we can look into it for you? Sorry about the delay.
When I'm mad, I always tweet "dumb."
that was jim carrey type of goal tending...in his last year, that is
Aye Mayweather was there too. He can get it.
Get your self together go give your brain a bath. go to church, start listening & get on the right path .
I don't think stopping identity theft is easy, but having identity theft protection and restoration services is the key.
RT - I got the #Cleveland Cavaliers, Cleveland Indians,& the Cleveland Browns on my mind this morning. #NoPlaceLikeHomeTweet!
Good Morning Beauties! Inner Quote: "Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us." -JimmyJohn N. Mitchell
Today I completed the trifecta in my wallet. I'm now a member of Actor's Equity!
well let's stop feeling shitty and get happy.
Books are for coloring, not for reading my friend!
Killin' it in the lab right now.
Grow them for the beards of yesteryear. We support you both!
The most funniest people are in fact most depressed .
Jerry reminds me of comic book guy from the Simpsons.....
Anyone got the recipie for beer-battered maple bacon spring break cupcakes?
me, myself, and I, and warm weather. What else do I need?!?
1 more reason to despise Paul Ryan. RT : On Morning Joe, Paul Ryan admits to being lifelong Cubs fan.
Regular show!
how cute :)
Just woke up today is gonna be a #YOLO kinda day
I have no freakin' clue.
ctfu truuuu but i dnt deny my shid im sleepy rite now
: I love that camera shop
Tough call. I thought looked great.
And if G Jimmy Howard cannot attend, just place a sieve in his place RT Detroit Red Wings To Be Featured In HBO’s 24/7...
sorry to hear you didn't have the best experience. Is there anything we can do to help you?
Loving your blog on state of public schools!
Playing at world cafe live tonight at nine.
I'm going to hold you to that!
Actually it's 68 teams, but we don't want to confuse too much. 64 is fine!
Wired World of Sports podcast 3 is uploaded.
I was absolutely in love with Siamese Dream and walked out halfway through that Pumpkins set. Terrible.
yay for phillip phillips making it to the #idol finale! now time for the season finale of #greysanatomy !
Also ---> We have Jobs and Fundraising Programs available....let me know when you get some time to check things out...Tour?
cuz i never knew u wanted me
Or my own. RT : It's the 'smoking with rage and shame at the shortcomings of my fellow man' emoticon. ~X-[
SCHOOL -.- , WHO HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW IN FRIDAY 13th ? Hahaha
she's in Louisiana..
Nick Collins was a 2nd rd pick in 2005 out of Bethune-Cookman. Many "experts" said he was a "reach" at the time. Three pro-bowls later...
Calling the United Nations: You need to take serious action.
Thank you! :)
No one is watching me cry right now. but i wish that any one of you knew . . . . .
"can i ask you something?" "you're already asking..."
My son is practicing his vocals, he sounds great! I hope he will continue playing classical music on the keyboard too.
wait, we what for lunch? Sorry that typo threw me off:p
oh yeah
Looks like the maid quit, oh wait that's me. Spending this Saturday cleaning :/
Hello Milwaukee. It’s Wino Wednesday again! Join us for half off splits and half bottles! 6-close!
Soon entertaining 2 chemists from Waterford Institute of Technology (Ireland). Trying to land them a tour of Historical Academy of Medicine.
Pondering how to be excited about a religion without being a zealot or offend others.
BAHaHa I kno rite! Here's 2 hopin Timmy tries Xtra hard 2nite, & I'll catch the ball if he misses, one handed!
. listing many branches of Cow Clicker. "It was by far my most successful project; I'm trying to come to terms w that."
Hello Twitterverse and rainy Chicago.
Praying for You Excelerated Healing! Won't Be Long!
&& was standing in the next line frm me…TF? Grow another effin testicle…
Just got pulled over by police for not having my plates on- so I asked them to put them on!
hey Rick. Don't know if you get these while on the show but Fox News is reporting that Chris Henry has passed away...
haha i gotcha
I heard that The Real World is releasing a mod with a new difficulty setting: Rich Bro. You level up by drinking beer.
Yeah, she really earned it. No one came close, especially of those three.
that's the thing, it worked at school when they tried to fix it
there goes the big lead.
Man I love watching bills be passed at 12:22am. I thought this was a platform in the last election.
For the entire dream I had last night, the song Fuck You by Cee Lo was playing in the background. Now I hate it even more
Frankly, I think is more afraid of than the Green Goblin (as he should be!)
How Was Your Day ?(;
Gettin brain wit my seat back, sipping Ace til my wig crack
S/O to Derrick Rose get well homie #BullsNation forever
only 1 hr?“: did I come home from work at 11:30pm and then dance embarrassing Star Wars dances for an hour? Yes. Yes, I did.”
Harry Vaughan~ If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Its yummy! :)
James jones HOW COULD U DROP THAT BALL?
I'm going to have to knock her out so she wont say anything
hi bby, so your hoodie died, i cant give it back :p
A2 Client/vendor thank you notes, seek referrals & testimonials. Tidy office/ computer, make lists. Breathe. Sch. vaca 4 nxt yr.
Glenn Frey has a new album of old standards? Dear lord....no. I want him to remain forever a decadent rocker in my mind.
Rap music has become so laughably bad that Serena Williams can rap and be just as listenable as any other commercial rapper!
The "Virtual Library" here is now the "Communications & Systems Dept" handling web/print communications, databases, & the library's network.
Summer Summer SummerTime...
HMM ALL hackers will be k*****
Crown The Empire is going to be here in june. i need to find a ride.
Cool... I'll be looking forward to it
lol i wanna see her too but i gotta make sure everything in place be4 she come
All Pokemon talk about themselves...
There are so. Many. Visors. Here. Somanyvisors.
'Wait Til You See My Smile' super loud on headphones taking a walk in spring weather. the drums come in.. AAH!
Loving the rain. Maybe I'll spend the evening on the porch.
RT : I'm peeing with at the moment..and we can confirm that we are going to make new AD eps and a movie
#MiamiHeat insider previews the 1st round series vs Knicks with right now on &
girl suck my balls!! its too early for your bull Tamburia
why have you deleted your other profile and what is our problem dont you love me anymore xx
RT : Phone is off the hook...... people I didn't even kno had my number..... wow!
I'm just a fan of Preston Reed, saw you were in the area, thought I'd let you know of his performance!
Well, did you get the early start to this magnificent Monday?
With Lesnar retiring from UFC it looks like our UFC coverage will be retired. Unless someone else steps up...
Great State of Tennessee, aint no place I'd rather be.
“: To others, the world goes in one direction. To me, my world is One Direction.”
I love not having air conditioning at work and no ventilation!
Two little words "Yes...And". Make the difference. Levels A-E done in Chicago..yippie! next? What's ur fav?
Work was very long but fun,,,
hahahhahahahaha omg omg
wanna make some babies this v day?
Yes I'm young but I have no room for mistakes
I wonder what happened to my math teacher. I HOPE SHE NOT SICK.
Yesterday was a weird ass day...
what's your band called?
i wanna go to a party tonight <3
aw damn!
Who eat ass??? NIGGA dont FRONT....aint no way you done ate pussy and not slip up on her ass ijs .. then she act like she didnt like it lol
..ok Atlanta, we got him on rotation down here in the 352 on 101.3, expand that campaign & come perform "cashin out" in FLA
Black and White Dress to Impress Party 11/11/11 at Crow Canyon Country Club (w/ Optional Speed Dating) - [[link]
What's your favorite department to shop at the Flagship?
nope that you who Is stunning
Got A Text My Heart Stopped. Thought It Was Yur Name But It Wasn't. Shouldn't Get My Hopes Up For Nothing.
iPad. What an unfortunate name.
I'm addicted to that show! It really makes me wonder sometimes. I'd love to meet her as well :)
- Im sure whoever posted that didn't do it intentionally. :)
What movie to watch tonight? Ideas..?
"If you're young and drink a lot, it'll spoil your health, slow your mind, make u fat - in other words, turn you into an adult." PJ O'Rourke
Just met the Mayor of Subway Town in Rage. He must have the most check-in's on Foursquare.
thanks 4 the followback! if u need sharpening or shears call text or tweet! new webstore will b up soon! have a great day!!
Ovens are on the way from Italy
Lmfaoo RT : #YouKnowHowIKnowUrGay you have a penis and you were on your friends shoulders at
Happy early Mother's day to all the wonderful mothers. "There is no way to be a perfect mother.. but a million ways to be a good one."
i dont like you you hurt my feelings
More on #Trayvon #Martin and how Minnesotans are getting involved. Coming up on the
#Bulls star Derrick Rose figures to need six to nine months of recovery time from torn ACL
Very nice. I'm just on a Rebel for personal stuff, I'm no pro by any means, but was considering a new lens. Any suggestions?
That feeling of being unwanted or only wanted when needed for convenience.
It sounds like you've got a busy trip coming up, Oliver! How long will you be in the states for?
haha explains so much...
I love spring. Even if it does make my eyes and throat itch. =)
new sneaks new me
Without restrictions, you'd see kids transferring like crazy. RT They have to sit out a year. Isn't that enough punishment?
BABY DIRTY BRAIN BORED - MAKE HER YAWNY YAWN
i was watchin the knicks since 99 when they made t to the finals as a. 8 seed
Organic Chocolates. Local Raw Honey. Fruit Butters. Unique Confections. Local Organic Raw Daily Detox & Energy Drink. Hope to see you soon.
Ugh, curtain rod kits made in China. Half of the screws have broken or were malformed. How do you screw up a screw?
Dear ugly - quit uglying.
Tonight on after the game: a World War Two airman from Port Washington will be buried in Arlington, 67 years after his death.
please come back to florida to meet your fans one of my biggseteams in life is to meet you so I can say how much youve helped me!
see my homey's in the crowd. Thanks for sharing Rob
Please follow me???(:
A single text from you can change my mood at any moment
Listening to music.
Its funny because I read for the 20min of silent reading, and I know when to put my head up because she shakes the ground😂
a walk to remember comes on tonight : )
C3PO-Sir, the possibility of successfully winning #megamillions is approximately 175.7 million to 1. Han-Never tell me the odds.
holla check out some of my music on my page if you get time
haha I know. You too!
Oh up and down. Mostly up! Your trip looks inspiring!
21 Jump Street is probably the funniest movie I've seen since Bridesmaids.
like angels!
Every single time my dog poops it feels like a big victory.
I think I sustained a decent concussion from your tub yesterday. Feeling pretty soupy up there. haha
Its a joke. I know it's teachings..that is why I am now a happy #atheist ;)
I bust my ass trynna pass my classes, I'm late ONCE with a reasonable excuse & they told me not to even bother coming to school anymore.
It's possible that the code was implemented in the latest patch.
The Kobes that Kobe got on >>>
I hope the new jerseys add some of the blue back in.
He is comparing HOW you use social media with the skill of spammers. That is all. He's not talking about your work.
Pat Monahan of has a voice that hits such delightful frequencies that he can cause spontaneous orgasms. That or I have a problem
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
Im Wit U On That One!
Team 83 really does
No all-Williams matchup after Stosur win
ha ha..nothing much at home..again
It's #4/20 and the only drug I will be taking is
Had an amazing time with and friends today.
i cant befriend a EX. Nope srry. You a EX for a reason meaning. EX out
like you'll have to make a shutterfly photo book GOOD!! Have a safe New Years! Gary is gettin' stoked for his holiday!
Now that is impressive. :] RT : I just rebooted a server process from my phone at a #SXSW panel. Weird.
#reasonsthatimsingle because I can't find a guy who has goals in life.
Up late, shopping for furniture. Ah!
u can look but u can't touch!!! #letrynocoachthecubs!!!
Well. All the better, then. :-) Thanks for the rec!
i got one more semester before i graduate but i'll be home friday for the summer :)
Forget school. Let's just go straight football practice
It can't be a coincidence that the PS Network outage coincided with Sony's settlement with Geohot.
thanks for the reply :-)
I have the answers to the ethics test if anyone needs them.
you charge for online play because it "costs money." we pay the money, and yet you still don't provide good servers. wtf?
thanks bro. It was a live set
Alright! See you soon! “: I'll be there!!”
Some things you wanna tweet so bad but its probly better i dont lol
haha ive always thought that. character is Daenerys Targaryen. Actress is Emilia Clarke. she's blonde in the show & very badass
D-Will, D-Rose > CP3
At the gym listen to party tonight by ... And on that note I cant wait to go party afta class tonight
oh Halloween is so close!
Know yo role bitch
I want to see the new Dredd movie. No, scratch that. I NEED to see the new Dredd Movie.
boots to asses
Take my hand and I wont look back
Thanks! I decided it was time for a change!
": Also, I didn't mean to turn u on"HAHAHAHA!!! Oh yes you did...
Hottest fiat ever.
What is the success to TV time ratio difference between Rob Ryan and Dick LeBeau?
Congrats for launch of Journal of Digital Humanities!
RIP Bob Brookmeyer
"Did you see what Obama looks like now? Poor guy, his hair's going all grey!"
I did, and finished all the assignments relating to it thank GOD!!!!
IG keeps putting a big black box across the bottom-right of my pics. It's annoying and ruins my pic/experience.
Are you kidding me?
Don't miss today's keynote w/ Natl Geo photographer Dewitt Jones over at the convention ctr at 8 a.m.
Welcome to the mind of a maniac..
I found a wonderful gift in the final pages of Дар: a lost glove!
"...the breath holds the secret to the highest bliss. ~Alexander Lowen... plus the calmest heart & the clearest skin. ;)
Have to catch up on the latest episode of #Glee but after I finish
EXCUSE ME? HOW COULD I FORGET ABOUT GISELLE 'GEEGEE' DIAZ? THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN
I'm in san antonio. Revolution Room. (in the blue room ). Donnie Dee in the Bassment doing his thing.... 10pm. That is all. :-)
a bit defensive on the reporter side, but the undercurrent is basically, it's all
I cant stand watching deal or no deal..
Amen missy :) Miss you and so excited to hear ur new album loves xx
Hey peeps, please don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance now on
DON'T TALK ABOUT IT BE ABOUT IT
For a show called #Smash you would think they would be making a musical that was…I don’t know…good?
Just wait - many more exciting tweets to come!
have you tried just turning off notifications in the app settings? If I hadn't done that, I would've had to delete FB/Foursquare.
“You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.”
Yeah, too many people drinking the Kool Aid without me. Maybe I'm missing something.
Good, I am glad.
told ya
My doggie tested positive for Lyme disease. Bo
Be careful what you wish for.
those microfiber Adidas ones are dope
I camt really say anything on twitter anymore because everyone is a damn critic ad the stalk me in school -_-
Rest in Peace Whitney Houston... you were a truly gifted person..
Tomorrow is me mum's birthday...she prob. thinks I forgot but NO!! ♥ ◕‿◕
Thanks for the RT!
ALL WE WANT IS JUSTIN BIEBER DAMN IT
Oh, Lesley... It was so beautiful. You need to work less and go to movies with me more.
Chocolate puts me in such a good mood. 😊
I hope it was a valuable experience. Tell us how it went.
in thirty minutes I will have a beer in my hand. which is EXCITING.
We have done a number of City and Fun tours, and love Segway! I would love to own one but they aren't legal here
King's Speech was GREAT Will we see you at salsa tomorrow?
I wish my boyfriend would come home.
returning to Austin? found ya'll via . Me n my daughter will NEVER forget 2008. Please?
I can't believe a TV show just made me cry.. lol.
Passing out flyers for marissa and marina padilla case.
Ramona Braganza: Lose the Last 10 Pounds by Memorial Day Weekend
#BOYFRIEND now please!
I can't keep Chips Ahoy in the house. They call to me @ night if I try...
it must of been you
Thank you so much!
The Wheels on the Bus : Sequencing, Rhyming, following directions, wh ?'s
Fresh from "Brooklyn Castle," doc on some amazing jr highers, at 6:50 today (and 11:50 am Mon) in
Just finished watching the Princess..so how do you raise grateful, confident and empowered children who don't feel entitled?
do you think that dude realizes the green M&M is a girl now?
Oh Henrik is better than Marty? I'm sorry but who has the most victories in NHL history? Oh yeah, Marty. Brodeur>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
If he ends up on the Wizards they just need to throw a shit ton of money at Calipari and have him coach Wall+AD
ill bet your some hot chick pretending to be Kelly Kelly oh well. it's still nice chatting with you though. ;)
STORAGE WARS DC!
Saddeat funeral ever
what the fuuuuuuuuuuuck omg i'm speechless
u & me both startng w/ a new job ! They wrote me up ..
It's impossible to be at Balboa Park on a gorgeous day like this and NOT smile.
Have any IRENE SURVIVOR designer shirts? Tweet us your link!
Obvious (or should be) fact: There is no better marketing for a tech vendor than an enthusiastic customer that can articulate its value!
:) just wrestled my 15 year old brother....I still got him! Im tired then a mfer tho!
Don't do it with flaming bags of poop, that an get ugly and kind of ruins a fun prank.
Character is the governing element of life, and is above genius. – Frederick Saunders
Thanks 4 the RTs and mentions this week:
Hm so it's takes almost $90.00 of gas to full up my work truck, but oh well Im not paying for it!!!!!
I never want to compare UK teams. Each one is unique & exciting.
what do U do normally? Do U hv any work I can peek at?
hopefully doesnt haunt them to the extent of Cam Neely...
wow what a half for the Bobcats.hope they can keep it going in the 2nd.
A good objective of #leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.
Deputy said he hasn't seen a plow for about a hour now.
Wow #chicago - spot #thunderstorm and a #rainbow in downtown Chicago
I Hate My Mom >__>
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have integrity, nothing else matters.
today is a great day...
I've to go to the mall to do some shopping
Losing you is like living in a world with no air
Getting 'in shape' for the new year, huh? Allow us to answer your fitness questions in 'tweets'. CG Philosophie
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Gonna watch Brother Bear & eat Mac&Cheese with my sister. =)
Finally unpacked and settled in
Hi Twitter friend. Hope work is going well.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all!
I appreciate it, thanks. It's all good.
Watching TEDxFSU at the Fermentation Lounge.
Dear loud ladies to the right of me, This is MY cafe car and it is for working. Go discuss your butterfly tats in coach.
me me me me me me!
I see you favoriting my tweets >.>
Some movies are just hilarious.!!
Correction: #FF places to go & things to do
Download the "Live 365" app on your mobile phone, search and listen to #prettyprogressive live this Friday w/ !
The #weekend is upon us! What are your plans?
GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST . U heard him on songs with
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.-- Mother Teresa
I haven't been sick in a long time I knew it was coming to a theater near you smh 😓
Can it be about anything?
We're issuing a call 4 future BAEMP meet-ups! Where would you like to have an evening gathering? The , or elsewhere?
MT : Week 2 of spring starts [today] at 7 AM in the weight room. Coach Nagler and Coach Lynch pushing the boys hard!
When i set my sights on something...
UConn is out for redemption today
Direct TV on flight to San Francisco=I now know more about Kroy than I ever need to know in my life.
RT I had 3yrs of talking to myself. Half-hour to shop and back was all.
If you want effect change on an issue you have to tell the story through new and traditional media.
don't know yet!
S/O to bc i ws really down earlier bt he came & cheered me up iLY♥
Blake is on FIRE!!!!
IPads, streaming internet, even cars and TV's!!! 200 years ago We'd be witches and warlocks!
whoa! thats nice. you better win prom queen!
I'll remember you guys in the future. Already got rid of them for this weekend.
It's crazy.
new drink menu also coming....local craft beers, new wine list, cocktails!
Reading Ruskin, "The greatest glory of a building is its age, and we must therefore build for perpetuity."
lmfaaao man i be trying but it's hard shit.
Thanks man! Can't wait to come back! RT Mlando_Era happy birthday mr. Howes, come back to south africa soon to drink castle(beer). Enjoy man
Just got done playing with my new baby chicks and riding my horse sugar I love ridin I feel so free up there on my horse
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook
I don't want to be socially acceptable.
Life is like a sewer... what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. ~ Tom Lehrer
Confidence boost? seek self discipline combined with a positive attitude.
So happy to hear news like this! I am on the cover of 3 magazines and it`s all about my iNickelodeonShow & iNickelodeonShowSoundtrack!
umm duh aha(:
Ok, my 1st real Tweet & Idk ? I'm doing yet. I want 2B inspired so I signedUp 2follow those who seem 2make a difference in the world! JN
made another twitter account. lost the password for my old one :(
I love you,
I can't wait to see :) I've missed her so much!!
I think is probably the closest we've gotten to a collective (albiet female) consciousness.
I know I didnt just hear my sisters boyfriend make a dirty comment to her ..
Presenting my new #gis project to board on Monday. I'm ready!
Of course I wake up at 6am on a Saturday an full of energy wanna go back 2sleep and can't but work day I can sleep forever!!
He forgot to list "Also loves heroin".
followed :D
Ha! Bacon flavored bear spray...
Philly outchea ballin! & Even Turner had two sick ass moves
tweet for
There will be a game changing announcement about M14Hoops Inc. before the year is up...
Wow your so beautiful. Oh those r contacts? Thats ok...Oh you wear that muck makeup? Its ok...Oh u drew those eyebrows on? GO AWAY!
I agree, but Holmgren knows how to be successful, we'll have to see how this one plays out
Hmm .. with nothing to do :/
Follow my friend and talented artist/designer/everything-er, !
Same here man. The fam is great. Hows the CD doing?
I got five on it. On Wat? Pizza nigga, wen we done wit this we gonna be hungry af!!!
When rain showers increase & sweep WWA Thurs afternoon, expect a period of blustery wind too.
Rehearsal is always fun!!!
The word of the day is Sexapalooza. Use it in a sentence for a RT. Ill go first. Every night at Trapeze is a sexapalooza :)
Type "The Cabin in the Woods" in Google and then click "Map." ...Us NC people need to look out!!
Here we go...hang onto your underpants ladies! or let's do dis!!
Beers, Happy Hour, and #Rapids at Gibby's tonight...come on down! #COYRapids 3 points!
Autocad brings much hatred into this world.
For educators organizing Hol. Remembrance events, we have commemorative posters in 4 languages (En, Sp, Fr, Ru). Contact us for more info.
We have to take back our power, not will-or aggressive power. Our Love-Power. The ability to accept who we are and love ourselves for it!
Lumpy says "r-ow" in return.
Anyone want to play GTA? :-)
Yeah there's football on. Yes I'm watching it.
Politicians are interested in people. Not that it's a virtue. Fleas are interested in dogs.
white rhino on deck .!! 4/20
indeed. let's hope that whatever transpires, ktru will abide...
WHITE PEOPLE ARE FUCKED UP
Sorry everyone for the bizarre posts. looks like my acct has been hacked.
We used to have wait by the TV and watch TRL in hopes they'd come on.. and that they'd show the whole thing.
Happy Mike Rowe Day everyone! :) &lt;Sault Ste. Marie, Soo Locks on tonight, Discovery Channel, 9 p.m.
Bless your hearts, all of you. Hang in there, Melissa.
Editing going well. Think I may be getting sick. Such is life.
RT if you love Harry Styles, i will follow you :)
“: Curcumin is one of the most potent tumor-inhibiting #foods. We have ground turmeric (curcumin root) in bulk, great cooking spice!
Whitney Houston 'one moment in time' remember singing this in the middle school chorus. Can't believe she's really gone. So sad.
Yes a really bad interview may hurt you. But having a bad interview is as crazy as wearing jeans to your interview.
Coming up at 6 pm on NBC 6: Chilling surveillance video of restaurant worker held up at gunpoint at 6pm
dm us your address and the device you would like a protector for
Thank you so much! <3
Thanks Sheila!
kendall jenner is so fucking hot.
Just yelled "If you love the you will vote for !" out the window and it worked! Except for Bob.. He's a Philly fan..
A Perfect Sunday would be spending it with YOU !!! Hoping yours was PERFECT :)
yeah in advisory (:
I'm sure tonight will suck just about as bad as lastnight.. If not worse. 😣
Okay. RT Follow us on Twitter
AHAHAHA SEIU/ACORN thugs are forcing me to brush my teeth! Palin & Beck were right about healthcare! Get govt' out of my dental hygiene!
Probably my favorite part of #OKCquake was that at first both and I thought it was fucking with us.
Charles Anthony's "Old Skool Drive @ 5 is the bomb. Some of the best mixes ever. Mon-Thur 92.9 B'ham!
everyone must be very engrossed in the sessions :)
TGIF! Need a good book for the weekend? Go indie:
what about st elmos fire on of the best 80s movies ever
The smell of REAL smells so GOD!
Starting tour at #stranahans. No better way to spend a cold day
I miss it's been too long.
75% of revenues comes from existing customers
I agree!
MI 4 in. imax tomorrow.
Just watched Bad Girls Club: Las Vegas. Maybe we should rethink the 19th Amendment.
So creatively drained right now, cant wait to ship this new website. What are some good ways to get the creative juices flowing again?
Thank you for attending the SEO webinar! Let us know what you thought! How can we improve your learning experience?
Not a customer, but new online/phone bill fee encourages paper billing which is terrible for the environment!
Wow, a hit from Ham in a day game. A base hit, I mean, not a crack hit.
How to See If Your Home Insurance Will Pay for a New Roof (E-Zine)
"No more wire hangers!" Yes Mommy Dearest!
I have identified your critical error here MT : Sometimes, I read MTGSalvation
#Knicks will evaluate Lin further later this week (The Associated Press): MIAMI (AP)
Great news! We’re only $5,000 away from completing our 1st phase of our new Orphanage in West Africa. Support our “Creating Hope Campaign”.
Im in class and i need a pen where you at?!
Sierra Club endorses Hirono, Hanabusa, Gabbard in federal races - Hawaii News Now
Happy #Easter to all Moxie friends and family!
Good idea. I have a series of three that will be finished soon. Then hit the promo.
Y'all really don't understand what im bout to do to the media...OOOEEE payout musik is gonna change the world
Did you know WVIZ has an audio show were guys read the PD to you? Wizard of Id's even better w some dude just telling you about the pictures
Hovering around $4.00 and you say ONLY, frightening.
Reading all about bird flu research for three days can make a person loopy. I need some "light" reading STAT.
The Repentant Magdalene. Third in a series of exercise writing pieces based on, then removed from, a single artwork. bit.ly/ovdSNh
“: Game night GO BIG BLUE #bnn ”. Go Big Blue (gray tonight)!!!!!
Good morning. Welcome to our jewelry store today. Bright and sunny this 18th day of October. Hope you are doing well :)
We'll have telescopes set up on the levee behind the planetarium from 8-9:30 tonight. Check out Venus, Saturn, Mars, and more!
The label on Fairway's hummus uses the word 'transliteration'. I love Fairway.
#10 - Rising Star: - Please follow Al's organizing efforts in California.
no! He's pretty!
can't wait!
Thanks for the follow Love the blog!
// Liked your article on Thought maybe could've been on there, but loved that you put Cowboy Bebop!
Ridiculous lines to get Concords. Glad I already got mine.
Officer shot in neck area point blank by accused drunken gunmen at walmart near i-35 and parmer. incredibly tragic.
lol no. I live with my boyfriend of just over a year. What about you?
'where did he put the lemon?' Ahahahahha !!!
been hiding in Cali I'm on spring break rite now
In case you were keeping tabs, I think is back in action.
In the club goin hard niggas kno I got them racks in the kitchen whippen hard niggas kno I got that sack
product rising
cheer up chica :) :)
Only have to endure the liquid sunshine for one more day then CALIFORNIA!!!
Find Real Estate Fast with New Investment Property Website
And frankly my dear i dont give a damn
Blake griffin is the best dunker .. Got pau gasol twice
U'd think that but NO!!! I just think I am more right than! but I will try anyway! :)
Life is too short to waste a single second with someone who doesn't value you.
damn w/o me??
A beautiful woman will look gorgeous in the plainest of outfits.
well you've been very disrespectful of them for two years even as they've owned A&M. Thanks for admitting some truth now.
RT : &quot;: #Rockies came into today's game tied 9th in MLB in on-base percentage as a team with bases loaded.&quot; # ...
stoked to see my family this weekend and play with Spencer York and Paul Davidson.
iunno i feel like i annoy you :/
I take exception with Cuban's point that tenured professors are a legacy cost, though. Profs don't get paid *that* much... at all.
Good luck on your audition! We miss you back here in Seattle. Your biggest fan (my daughter Catalina) turns 20 today!
I saw you yesterday
As always, Tonight I'm proud to be a Herling!
The Jazz should be fuckin ashamed of themselves..they shoulda let pheonix take the 8th seed Sucka MCs
you should get an otter box for your iphone there like the best case for the iphone
New NFL rules seem to hit the mark even with extra play stoppage.
Wow- one GIANT step forward towards personalized medicine!
Decker and Knight named CCM Division I Women’s Hockey All-Americans and Carolyne Prévost was named a recipient of the NCAA’s Elite 89 award.
I hate wen people unfollow u. Its stupid
what happened?
I suddenly really want a LotR marathon.
#Tumblr is going crazy! What did #BTR do that was so bad?!
I can now continue on in life because I've achieved this accomplishment!!
Oh, what's passerole?
wont be there until 3
« I bet Tim Burton has the "BE FRI" and Johnny Depp has the "ST ENDS" part of the necklace.»
Heading to Lambeau!
Gitbox helps but git still has too many concepts to learn
When I write about writing my dissertation, my dissertation changes. Well, better to change it now than halfway through.
MAHOMIES are the best!! Greatest fans ever !! MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE
Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its own things. ~Matthew 6:34
noticed it too.. Weird! “: Why does #amcfearfest go from the original Halloween to Halloween 3? Where's 2 yo?!”
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions. Marcus Aurelius
Check out my new profile Piper is pleased
Getting the word out to 500k monthly!
LAST Senate/Budget meeting today! SPECIAL Guest Speaker to give parting words. Great meeting. Be there. 4:30 in Shiley 301.
I thought it was frequent flyer .thanks Bob
your dad is so GRAND!<3
jealous!!! hope you're having a blast. enjoy :)
What if the whole world followed me
A guy always walks past our apartment around this time, singing.
To all of you who think north koreans are "mourning"..get the fuck out from under the rock in which you live. They are scared and hated him.
The Wanted - Chasing The Sun: via
Thank you for recent mentions RTs and notes!
it does not mean it is a sign toward equality of men and women.
#SignsThatSheISCheating she starts shaving her legs and clipping her toenails again
um idk I work to much but I will try soon!!!
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers Out There, And To My Mommy
Windows Admins are needed for rapidly growing company in Madison, WI! Great envrionment, tech training investment, & people!
30 minutes left of 80s Thursday! Any last minute song requests?
why would you do that
MN Supreme Court - Minnesota Litigator
loves you!
Web geek stuff?
Zack thanks for the mention!-> : If you are interested in background checks or Internet security check out
you can't be onstage @ 53 with 20 something year old kids.
Try & :) RT : I need business cards. Can someone give me a good spot to get business cards.
My very first tweet lol !
Last Night Was One Of Them Crazy Fun Nights Lbs.....
come Monday, Chisek should be their closer.Heath Bell just ain't thinking about baseball,it seems.
Hey, you followed me... youre so sweet<3 whats my name?(:
Will do. It's gonna be horrible and make me realize how out of shape I am.
Today is not my favorite.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, Live the life you've imagined. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Its been over two weeks since I've flown. It feels a little weird to be on a plane.
Going through my tl thinking whats the point of talking about someone behind their back? What do you accomplish?
crushin but I know now after reading it again I just made myself sound stupid
I'm not a huge fan, I'm just going for the tailgating duh
wow. Steamy HOT!
They're still spacing people -___-
if that's what you call flirting , you need some practice seriously though !
your saying i had a classy post right because thats how it was intended. I'm sure hes feeling the hate. I saw the uf post
EJ Josie(?) desegregated the state associations in the 1960s. Marvin Skilkin did a hearing on price fixing for public library books.
Ivan, today's show is nice inspite of translator. Fashion observer is awesome! I love this guy! Ivan, LA with you!
Bahaha RT : Let's get bikes!
Crump's talking about pervasive cell site tracking. Believe it or not, in Jones's own retrial, the cops had 5 months cell site data
Oh. Oops. I already said Happy Thanksgiving once. I guess I'm just really excited for this holiday
just entered for every city o k
Teaching eric yanish how to make popcorn on his first day at the zoo!
It's tough, you just hav 2 take it day 2 day.They hav alot of support & they hav 2 angels looking over them,just like ur friend
I voted for you today and bought your jersey at LSP last week!
All women are princesses, it is our right. - A little Princess
I predict Shanahan will take away Torres' Hot Wheels for a day, but no suspension.
Still laughing at Madbum's response when asked what he was gonna do with his $35M, "uh, buy more cows"
Lisa Marie Platske's status: Sometimes the most important aspect of leading is listening! ~S. Alexander
The print edition of DDC23 arrived! Looks like I'll be spending the rest of the day transcribing marginalia from DDC22.
It's a bad day to be a Seattle Seahawks fan.
If you're offended in church by something you would do or partake in in your every day life, you are a hypocrite.
the correct question would be "How bad did that hurt?". People are just idiotic.
Leading the countdown to #believe waiting eagerly so excited, te amoooo followme
Super league game and then chit chatting with
Having fun choreographing a Flash Mob!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY MONTH
Thank you Kay Kay!!
Stay close to God, love Jesus no matter what other people say or try to get you to doThey lost trying to find they way too.
damn I love water....
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I am at work today... came in on my day off :)
A charity box is stolen from a Malden store
what's happening tonight with #mom2summit ? I will be there later.
no, no ... that's not it. it's just that milwaukee's so interconnected. loads of people i've met through twitter.
I'm not depressed I'm just mad nervous and sad at the same time some fucked up shit
Hi Tommy! Thanks for the follow! I took your advice and am setting up my LinkedIn profile.
Now the real tour begins
Kelly Johnson hits BOMBS
Working on our "Save Our Schools" series today.
Yes, please!
Also thinking back on all my first day of school outfits and how bad some of them were
Goodmorning to you too (:
hi can you do me a favor real fast?(:
Never been this unplugged from work and regular life. Of course only now day 3 of vacation. Haha.
I'm cutting all my hair off ! 💇
I absolutely loathe
Lunchtime! Who's heading to The Lube today for a nice Friday lunch?
I want some cupcakes 😁
If you are not following us on Facebook, please do. We are having a contest for the closet score to the Superbowl. Winner gets a free ride
On Feb 13th join Salon Denver for the I Heart Benefit for TCC, 6 - 8 pm, silent auction sponsored by Platte St and LoHi businesses!
God's Word does not compromise. He operates in holiness and truth.
Merry Christmas to you sir! I'm gonna have to stop by Antoine's one of these days and see the old crew
Three of the funniest ladies in New York have convinced me to watch and love Downton Abbey.
Last week parent ed. advocates in WA engaged using twitter petition to fight for package of ed. reform bills-they passed! S.M.=Democracy 2.0
I'm not understanding wtf it took so long to release medical reports....this case continues to blow me...
Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give thanks to him and praise his name. Psalm 100:4
that would be awesome!
I wonder how people that follow thousands on twitter manage to read any tweets! Let's strive for quality over quantity.
That's part of the intrigue. I don't know.
My student Tommy gives me song suggestions on T-shaped post-its. Today: Of Monsters & Men, "Little Talks." It's the nicest thing!
Clearly not... the day's ticking on.
Running a marathon is like slapping the guy in the face that invented the wheel
great exchange going on between and about wikileaks that highlights the intellectual and political divide in U.S.
madonna didn't do horrible but it could've been better
#Brett #Favre started game yesterday despite being sick
def have leftovers from Nville, but this is strange. Like, two naps in a day and I can't get anything done type tiredness.
Rams roll to 5-1, 2-0 in Conference. Huge game in Shreveport Saturday night against my good friend Chad McDowell and LSUS. #10 vs
Just wanted to say a quick "Hello" to everyone at the Nebraska Asphalt Paving Conference in Kearney!
hey, very glad to hear it. Thanks!
RT Wish mine did too! “: My whole house smells of bacon!”
lol nigga you a trip though
Go Rickie Fowler ♥
You should never play chutes and ladders with any old person because you will lose miserably.
Step 6 Evaluate options: Ensure KPIs include longterm success metrics. Hold brand to high level of ongoing goal clarity
Omfg Dan Patrick can't sing!
In other exciting news ~ Sat noon til 3, I'm playing the Leaf and bean, Strip District. It's a wicked little place. Yinz get yo butts down.
but i still love pretty ricky..im still in love with sexy spec
Thank you.
I don't know why I hate Jim Nantz so much. But I really do.
As it turns out, am sitting next to PR person from NC's Transylvania County at Poste. Discussing what's in a name.
Awesome! I do hope it sticks around.
Please may i say; or let someone ruin it for you; 1 dumb act NOW on impulse can ruin many things for a long time yet to arrive.
Get stabby. Literally.
no!! i want my #21back xD
Stupid nook color! How dare u be full and unable to download my food network mag.
just watched ur cover of asking all the questions...my stomach hurts from laughing so much...btw u got sum sexy lips;)
I need a massage :(
Thx for the tip. Unfortunately, I'm also Dairy Free. DF yogurts are all rather "alternative". Not found a DF cottage cheese. :(
Thank you! Sometimes it surprises me. I'll feel something on my arms and think it's a spider or bug. Nope, part of me!
hmm. I don't know anything about Tanzmann... Who else is playing from Refune?
yea bitch
Q;rate...would yyu fwm...nd can wwe txt A; 8 Yeaa I Would & Yes We Can Text .
I guess there is some convention till tomorrow.
it's called being sarcastic
love you to.
yeah if I don't go home that weekend!
Loes Wormmeester gives the #kidscreen Pitch It session a strong defense of letting kids do things for themselves. "Full Proof"
Fashionable Fridays are always a favorite headed to sissy's for dinner how perfect is southern food and a name like that for a gay boy!
Totally over this rain everyday thing...
G'Night all, and God bless. 💛
We opened New Headache & Pain Management Massage Clinic in Monroe.
“Control your own destiny or someone else will.” - Jack Welch
Eww...yucky. Hope you get to feeling better soon, migraines are the pits :-( Take care...
Man oh man it's getting chilly outside
For all you Paraskevidekatriaphobics, Everything is going well today, so far... Hope I didn't jinx myself.
Tonight at 9: 's exclusive TV interview w/ the girlfriend of Darrin Hanna, man allegedly beaten to death by #NorthChicago cops.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so CALL ME MAYBE.
Good segment on regarding copyright infringements on
Trade Shows are back in full effect! Be sure to keep following SolisEnergy and see where we will be exhibiting or attending! See You There!
ALL MY ARTIST THAT use twitter & facebook. hit us up 2 get a free profile on #HOUSTONNIGHTOUT.com. info w/ name, #, & email
My Face Card A1
Secondly, you can't be from 2 places at once.. Don't claim to be from San Fran and NYC poser... Be from one place and deal with it.
Good blog
can't express how much I love your son and how he will be such a star when he's older!
Changed our App Name to Credit Card Reader. Find us here itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/credit-card-reader/id320530785?mt=8
Bon Iver's new album is proper good. Even uses a lot of 80's noises I would consider aggravating otherwise.
Thanks! The caramel was a little tricky to work with, but I think they turned out OK!
we go be here in 4 years
what's wrong?! D:
Following my favorite people on keek<3
My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.
you do know about the theme right? pick a year that's multiple of 25 and dress like it. like 1700 British. cc
can have my babies be is so fine 😍
aw shucks
Things can be similar,but not the same.
How was everyone's first day back?
Your career dreams get closer with every small step you take. Are you walking towards them?
"Circuit out", 2500 customers affected according to DVP website.
Omfg. So many Redskins jerseys on the metro. I know they just lost, and I wanna yell "Giants Rule!"
Giants, great job signing Matt Cain to the biggest deal ever for a RHP. Now you have 2 mediocre pitchers eating up your $$$
Another nice day being spent with both of us learning about our respective industry & making weekend plans!
I cant control my anger or temper.
Brittany lies to me.
haha omg that's right - that's you guys! I haven't even seen it yet! Can't find it online
Get it gurrrllll LOL RT : sweet! Hey , wanna buy me some new jeans for you to stare at?
Sorry to miss you ladies. I am not gonna make it
I'm the only Spanish/ not white person in this bitch lmao
Omg, he's performing?!
Happy New Year!!
Sherlock series 2 really needs a guest appearance by Billy Childish
#ArtsTech panelists holding it together, not appearing "weird and awkward." you can exhale now.
Thanks for the follows everyone! and
"Does she even like me?" No, I don't like you.. I freakin' love you..
im missing my too
Happy St. Patrick's Day to you!
watch out for the douchey 19 year old with the eyeliner
cleaning the house with my music blaring:')
Just remember, there's no evidence (yet) that Seau's suicide has anything to do with head trauma. Certainly a possibility, but no proof.
My 5900th tweet goes to c: Cuz we had a cool ass convo using Drake songs the other day !
I'm a one hit wonder ;D
The girl in front of me smells like ass and cigarettes
only if u could have seen my face last nite...shitty lol get it
JUSTIN i love you re in my hero:-)
Want Great Italian food tonight? Call to reserve a table. (414) 225-0000
thanks appreciate the support! Downloads are free on datpiff>> goo.gl/G01At
Its snowing here in NM. I am so ready for summer time.
Baby money I got cha baby money kidnap yo lady get that how much u love yo lady money
At school:/
Getting her hair wet when she just got a perm is
It kills me.
How are these people in Walking Dead still so incompetent in dealing with zombies? It's season two and you still have no tactical planning?
New Picture !!! More SOON!
most Admins are interested in data so if the teacher can use tech to genr8 data thru assessments that would be a plus
Waiting in line with to get in the timbers game, it would start raining!
And UW-Whitewater! “: Yes! Congrats to all my Wisconsin teams. Wisconsin, Marquette, UWGB.”
The point is, Fielder dealt with anger issues too, and it didn't stop him from being an elite talent. Lawrie just has to learn same
Going to miss most of Game 7. Cool.
me too! ! I still love yo mean ass
what's up w/asking to invite friends via FB - then not having a functioning feature?? #WhyBother ?
Carnival day at #CampMohawk!
I think sleeplessness is sometimes just a matter of excitement for life.
Well, it also makes one more open to a lawsuit, whether or not they did anything wrong.
Get a life dipshit. Fucking assholes like you are destroying America. Please kill yourself. Help beautify the planet.
How do you view Pres. announcement about gay marriage & the timing of Romney high school bully story...
I habe bunch of updates for u
Jillian's in Seattle
Now I can stop holding my breath - Falcons into the bye week at 5 wins and 2 losses - atop the NFC
awh your talking about the car that logo with the dragon eating the guy is used alot in the UK in british governments
You like Forks, and dislike spoons. . . What are your views on "Sporks."
eating my chicken noodle soup with a fork. look what you do to me.
Alright, I think 4 bugs smashed is a good number for today. This release will be done eventually if I have to drag it in by its hair.
Now .... V .... Lmao don't get me Blushin on this damn thing!! .. Thank U so much ... Glad 2 see back on your Hop!!! Bless Up
I hope it wasn't a Samsquanch
ahaha, Joyanna told me you're doing advanced? We are too :D
Some nights you just need to look up at the stars with a close friend standing next to you and realize what really matters...
Turning in earlier than usual tonight. of will you sing me a lullaby?
Zach can has Twitter friends. Or followers. Or whatever they're called.
One of my poems is being published!!
Check out the new pictures from Homecoming and Campaign Launch weekend!
I thought about our initial conversation in the newsroom, during the interview at IKEA. Lol ;-)
Dami Moore was the celebrity of the day that got to hear my performance. She looks fantastic without make up! What a natural beauty!!!
the 2nd ssn still needs more action hasn't been much battles, but plenty of tyrion, or however u spell his name, if that his name
Preparing for my first ALA Conference - so excited!
Ginger Binge tonight at 8 pm. I'll be w/ two other acts, Jeffrey Martin and Mercedes Martinez. See you there!
ugh this Grey's Anatomy is almost too disturbing to watch
starts w 10mm from gov(Bk of New Eng)&big depositors protected&OtherBks 50 cents on dollar-stealing at both ends
it's expensive, try to make it as light as possible, I've only used USPS, not sure if that's more or less expensive than FX/UPS
Anatomy exam tomorrow D: I feel a little bit ready for it :s
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm feeling this.
Yes, every Thursday 5pm - 8pm RT : Thanks. Are you still doing loco4locals on Thursday?
It's a beautiful day to vote! Lines moving quickly!
On fire, coach! “: Focus on Positive & catch ur Players doing things right-Feed the Positive Dog & Fuel ur Team with Energy!”
Hit the Lights! Let the music move you...
RT : Thanks for help us to improve our #healthcare! That's what it's all about - no? Be well...
Latest Issue in Massachusetts Senate Race: Elizabeth Warren’s Native American Roots
00042 Thu 12jan12 . Clock in 2253p . No broadcast - building panel for reinstatement of di Suvero's Artists' Tower of Protest
on the Warren Haynes Band: Live At The Moody Theater. Glad you're listening and enjoying.
Graduation is in exactly four weeks!
I want the Royals to win today just so we can get swept up in a wave of Bruce Chensanity.
hockey gear
How many people called in sick today with a case of Soxschokeditous?
The harmonies in fa la la r just amazing
Home alone
As A People tonight @ Retox Lounge in SF!!! www.asapeople.com
Make a change from the inside out! There is no day like today!
So if they suspect one school of tampering, is it OK to keep that team on the banned list?
"2 grilled chicken breasts..steamed asparagus and broccolli over brown rice and tabasco..:)
right, because sharks and hurricanes don't come close to the urgency of a fallen toothbrush holder
We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals..Go Vegan..It is the way to be!!
#Mets are 2-0 so far. Even fans of the best baseball teams will be sad at least 60 times a season. Probably more for me, but hope not.
if they had a black version.
can we just keep retweeting to give more Thanksgiving meals to those who need food this holiday season?
Rt Justin loves to suck dick thts wht a selenator said really cuz ur idol can't stop sucking his so sit Ur so funny
He played well in the state tournament. Congrats
Talked to Mommy. <3
Oh man, starting to think Lindsay might go home for front of house.
Yes we do. So sad. RT : Dick Wilson, We miss you already. #JeffersonBank will never be the same. We'll always remember your...
Just overheard flight attendant say that we might not have in-flight entertainment working on NYC-SFO odyssey. Ugh.
saturday school, katy snyder comes home!, work -.- no rest on saturdays.
When the right person comes along I won't let them slip away, no matter the cost
Pop-up up bake shop today. At Manhattan Theatre Source, 177 MacDougal St. from 4:30-9:30 with free brownie samples. Not joking.
is sexy
Can't wait for to talk about Travolta's "massages" tonight on
John Huntsman is out? Sad face. Sanity really doesn't stand a chance in Republican politics...
Per George Orwell, "In times of universal deceit, telling the truth will be a revolutionary act." Is honesty dead?
I'm having it right now! Lol :-)
I can't wait to be famous. So many things I want to do.
you let me know when and where and i'll b up in there!
hey u working tonight?
howed you know :O
We love you. RT : A shoutout & nice msg from the prez today, that's UAW love!!
dming my twitter husband :) bored
Actually it was live channel 5..
Hi Abe, thanks for connecting. I see you have some interest in the ;-)
I know! We are super excited about having Bobbindoctrin's Joel Orr on our stage for Endgame!
Merry Christmas from all of us at Denver Browns Baseball! We are grateful for each and everyone of you -Gino Grasso
igot my girl, im good. and so is she.
Moms not feeling well today
isn't it awesome?!
#ISTE11. I thought it was strange that Apple was not in the exhibit hall especially with the iPad presence that was apparent this year,
Hey everyone check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have all your favorite toys at the lowest prices!
hahaha well I'm not gonna talk with my mouth full of meatball
Compiling a list of the best #CourtReporter web resources for one of our #TechCon speakers. What's your favorite?
going to see the phillies play the nationals on the 22nd <3 so hype
Google Drive? Who cares?
online dating is not working for me. Jewish girls not responding or not interested or overwhelmed with choices. What do i do?
Carter had old school three point play tonight. Is that play dying breed because kids can't shoot fts or everyone is shooting threes?
I feel like crap :(
Never say you broke into a homeless mans house.
What a weekend so far. All that's left to do is get kicked in the nuts.
im thinking that i should just dye my hair pink today
Kind of you to follow, Joe and Charley. I hope I prove worthy.
and killer riding in turtlenecks and flippity-flops
#ReasonsThatImSingle he hasn't asked me out yet. <3
Relationships are overrated .. They have no meaning anymore .. They dont last #WhatsThePoint 💔
don't file and clam "Diplomatic Immunity!"
do we have to send u a buck if we steal that joke?
Tweeps, does anyone know about any digital history projects on agriculture?
Opened SHORT $USDCAD @ 1.02081; 3% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
HAND THEM OUT TO THE HOMELESS,,
Believe that some boundaries are meant to be crossed
Does like the hats tht look like animals and r fuzzy???
I struggle with not wanting to be a hipster and wanting to buy a typwriter.
Stop and stare I think im moving but I go no where
Omgahhhhh iTunes won't let me hear #BOYFRIEND by !!!! Why me??!? ;)
you failed to mention that you gave up Matt Stafford too
Nobody acts like me honey LMAO >.< : this black dude on #glee kinda act like u
Thanks for the RT Anthony!
you should include 'Born To Be Wild.' it's definitely the # 1 #roadtrip song!!
Good Night
From a dev perspective a millions times yes. However it is not a pick up and blog platform like Wordpress.
lol do you have some.?
Poster #1 will be posted this weekend!
are you leaving accounting?!
what cha up to x
kicks ass! Love the second album! One of the best produced/sounding albums I've heard! Real Rock N' Roll!!!
Let's go #Reds! Beat the
What brings you to Scottsdale? Let us know if you need any suggestions or tips for fun things to do!
can u meet in the afternoon? 12pm or 1pm??
Great meeting at RUMC on Saturday...thanks Jay!
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History: 2005 Bruce Pearl named head basketball coach at
Party of the hook at #hardrock #vegas, they know how to throw a party. Woo!
Credit the goal to Simon Denis - his first career goal for the Bulldogs.
It's one of those days where dinner doesn't happen. Too busy for eating. Lol!
when they say "Latinos" do you think they meant Ninja Turtles? Are the Ninja Turtles Latino??
Lax camp this evening, but not before I absolutely fail at teaching my brother how to cook
it's small...but it's something 😉
Any teachers have good or bad experiences with KhanAcademy??
Having JuJuan Johnson is a big deal for Boston.
got one, like it, loved it at first. Nice little piece of hardware that they're gonna keep updating
A friend is someone who knows all about you, and loves you just the same...even if you're on IsAnyoneUp.
This is a fact brother!
BBC running scared as they ban Sacha Baron Cohen to be ...
Thanks for giving us a try! Would love to hear what you think about Takeout & Delivery :)
Welcome to Single Stop USA's Twitter !
send them to Wisconsin when you're done.,,
I hate realizing at 11:30 p.m., as I'm up late working on a story, a slew of questions that I wish I would have asked. Not a fun feeling.
Thx for the shout out. A great group, indeed.
good job !! You that 1% of the population that serves our country !
#sschat there are some great YA books about LGBT issues...ck out authors Francesca Lia Block, Jacqueline Woodson
Does "The 'Bandwidth Hog' is a Myth" also apply to the wireless side?
: my thoughts exactly! Can't wait! :)
60 days until Kentucky Derby 137... Rain stay away this year, it waters down my bourbon.
I'm attending #NCC-AIIM and #NOVA #ARMA Chapters Annual June Social & #Baseball Game at #Nationals Stadium! Who else is attending?
BELOW THE BRIM is about to get its first motorcycle... still looking to see what move I will make...
#house Donut House Collection Light Roast Coffee 24Count KCups
I honestly don't know..
once i saw and what he does, i got a lot of work to do to get there but its #TNDO from now on.
wear your dingos 3s and some dingo shorts
I oppose New York City's planned memorial to Christopher Columbus on religious grounds.
:) Thats awesome thanks and wow i feel like a twitter noob haha
Amazing band led by Justin Vernon who accepted the Grammy
State testing done for the year, wish we had results before August!
I see that will be there. Me too. I'm a judge at First cocktail & bitters competition. today 5:30.
Do you have videos on youtube singing?
Putting my 1D posters up:) now my walls are full of my boys<3
I hope Bron wins MVP for 11 years in a row w/ zero championships :)
Happy 420. First one im not celebrating in the last 5 years. 73 days clean and never been happier.
RT On my way to DC with Michael to see tonight! And "The Road to Vegas" begins! Lol
Kudos Zeta Upsilon chapter winner of the Outstanding Community Service Initiative!
Please check out my new #Chicago-based app, , that gives you 5% cash back and donates 5% to #charity on every purchase!
I'm Home ... I'm Home! !!! Its nice not to have to wear a jacket every time you go outside. .
ipad u pad we all mad 4 ipad - which tweet-peeps r getting one 2morrow?
Oreos are the worst things to eat if you want to smile within a half hour of devouring
Getting reactions to 3minute rule from participants. Most agree
A belated "thank-you" for your congratulatory message! Glad it's over! :)
#teamfollowback i follow back
Everyone has embarrassing baby pictures. Posting them on #FB is cute now but you won't be able to tell the kid that 15 years from now. Lol.
Portland Personal Trainer Kisar Dhillon Offers Fat Blasting Exercise Tips To A Six Pack
NYU According To Urban Dictionary - NYU Local
He wants Nick to drown in a flood now
lol stop by Smith!
no idea
great to connect with you here. I look forward to you updates.
"the next da vinci is going to give up on being creative because he can’t put his idea for a steampunk RPG about child rape on kickstarter"
The reason that ego and love are not compatible comes down to this: you cannot take your ego into the unknown, where love wants to lead.
Meat(less) meatloaf, mashed potatoes and gravy, and corn. Hello fall cooking! Yum!
this was actually in Anaheim
Being Republican used to mean finding solutions for the American people that worked for everyone....
I need a smoke lol
Anybody out there an avid reader of Frost or Cummings?
Me: "Whoah, the landing page changed!" : "That was so three hours ago". #measure #dataGEEKS - Only
good night twitter
This year's quizzo bowl would be a lot better if it stole the ending from Inglorious Basterds
all of our quizes and tests are open book
nothing wrong with that.
disable your auto rotate :) save a ton of battery!!
Noemis sleeping over :p
POLL: Should The Red Sox Cut Ties With Josh Beckett?
Libra Baby👍
You don't have to be perfect for God to love you you just have to be willing to accept it
Hey we have another member in our screamo band She already started writing our new song "Ugh"
GIVE YOUR BODY THE COMPLETE NUTRITION IT NEEDS WITHOUT GASTRIC UPSET WITH OUR IV VITAMIN INFUSION
Alex girlfriend ...
How come every time they cut to a coach he's smelling his fingers?
probably going to get one. Do you get juice for referral?
Religion in Reference Universe: The Literature of Islam: A Guide to Primary Sources in English Translation from Scarecrow Press
Happy #Lost day! Even grouchy Pun(k)x Phil can't spoil my excitement.
Caught a couple of your bits tonight. Nice work!
Show on Sunday at red7 o Billy!!!
lol the plan is to spend summer 2013 in Spain. :)
We got The Megatome & we are the smartest.
Feel so blessed to be in Long Beach on this gorgeous morning for the #MegaIIN conference! It's cold in #Chicago!
I'm doing well. In Miami. How are things in MI?
How long did it take to find out about Carrier IQ?
I did, he look adorable! But he always does. I mean Fox, not Logan...but Logan's cute too.
IM GOING THERE.. WHAT TIME YOU GONNA BE THERE? I HAVE A DEMO FOR YOU TOO
