Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
I found the spoon I lost last night....
I really need to get to bed.
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
I'm going to bed!!!
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
The Village People lied to me
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
“: Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems” Amen
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
Bet the house!
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
you know me so well bruh :)
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Writing... Writing and Writing
“: Problems should drive us into action and not into depression” YES!
yeah she does
their extra storage is "magical".
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
I wish all yall were like she was
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
Ain't nobody like you.
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Colorforms are about to play
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Cheers to neighbors!
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
is that a real dog?
bahahah your welcome x)
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
That's awesome =)
explanation.. NOW!
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
Our teachers rock!
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
Worst day:(
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
looks pretty much over to me
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
“: "Forward down the field!"” .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
send it to my email, u have it.
I just want someone with good taste in music.
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
lol duly noted but still hahaha
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
thanks Paul
Unless you're into that
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Some things are better left unsaid
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
tell her keith us gonna be there.
where you at bro?
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Patriots all the way!!!!
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
4 days and I'm home again
I know
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport! Good to have them back!
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
There's something in you. U just have to look within
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
follow back? (:
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
e!! That sounds sketchy !
"Thanks Kirbalicious ☺ : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
“ if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you.”
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
you promised me the moon and stars..
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
black in america
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
Yes phone works.
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
I like the green myself, or black.
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Lakers better not get blown out again
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
im cool B) follow me?
of course!
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
why didnt u wake me?
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
what? where:D
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Subway session with
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
you're so welcome!! :)
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
What a putt by Lefty.
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
no one danced?
Do only that which is right. Period.
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
Great last night!
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Hi. Can you follow me?
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
rip spring break.
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
"I know I gotta Crush"
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
“ “ When boys let you rest your head on their chest. “”
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
lol yea I have admit that I do
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
Damn that sucks
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
Good news. Wiggle on.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
No Bates!
what up
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Good Night Bros!
Helped out at circ desk.
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
no ego here, well maybe a little
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
The rain won't stop..
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
no not really
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Oh Mosley must need $
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Steelers game moved next week to late game
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
#Heat targeting
Thank you! !
you ride?!
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
Mountain dew white out is really good
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
Pres is a hot mess!!
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
Staying up late and can't sleep.
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
Its clarity is a blessing.
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
our future is in or hands
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
chill soon
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
haha. damn you! ;)
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
You havereally done very well indeed
hey I just met you!
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
The Thing could put up a fight.
I want an app that let's you make apps
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
yup, just watched this.....yup....
Oh, the DayTimer...
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
Hairbag saved my life.
hey boo how you been You okay?
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
thanks for the RT!!
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Mule pride.
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
is working on her website for class.
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 😘🌙✨👍
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
don't make me say tornado siren!
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
what's up??
hahaha yeah buddy!
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
going to hulu.com
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
todays been a little rough..
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
Thanks for the follow
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
no waiting go get it
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
That site is amazing.
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
lets build.
Another double today #$$$
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Happy Birthday !!!
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
oh im never in there hahha
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Happy Labor Day everybody.
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
At a talk with and
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
oh hay girl ;)
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Hey! We need to get coffee sometime! I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :)
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 🍺🍸🍺🍸😊
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
we all love it :)
Rain, fabulous rain!
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
Wishing all of Indiana’s teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
Fashion is not just beauty, it’s about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
haha I'm watching him now.
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
no idea
is there a Pinã Colada in the mix?
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
I hope .. We will see
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
This Mac Miller playlist is on
“: Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times.” yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
happy early birthday!! =]
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 😡
zoo date with ?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
How can the Federal Government not want to help increase border security? Do they think they are above the danger?
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 😜
shush, you!
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
love the hashtag! where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
Good Afternoon Y'all.
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony’s Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
I miss you-_-
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Thanks for all of my new followers
haha thanks patches
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
I don't think so
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
long live those fashion quotes
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
Got a track meet later today !
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
Count your blessings
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
It's all about the 212.
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
Well that defiantly deserves a #awkward lol
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
thanks for check n that out
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
i do follow
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
:) hope you made it by!
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?😒
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
you mean "tweet"ering ?
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
that's the jam right?!
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
On the road!
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
the 80s are back baby!
“: Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious.” I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
Yeah I am in class until 7.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
seriously. what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me. i appreciate you guys!
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
almost, our project will be out this summer.
Hi Harry. ♥ My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 😔
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
I have so much to do.
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
Snow day in Seattle!
#RHOC finally pulled through tonight. Vicki and Breanna -- proud of u girls.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Can you see the show from where you’re at?
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
“: If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go”
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
Thank you! (:
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars signed 3rd-year RB Albert Young
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
baby I want you so bad ;)
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
#idiots piss me off
LasVegasFirefighters’ high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
Calendar of Events - May 2
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
We got to see it too! So cool!
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh😒
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
It's Friday!
“: Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep.” Celebrity sighting!!!
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
#AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
Waiting on this good pizza though
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
Just recorded an additional two tracks for "left". Stay tuned for a sample.
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
Vanilla! :P
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-)
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
crossfit belltown. I love that place
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
The most shocking aspect of this Penn St. fiasco is how these guys were able to cover it up for 14 years.
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
Don't find a fault; find a remedy. - Henry Ford
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
what's next?
&#39;Uprising&#39; documents role of hip-hop in L.A. riots
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
so curious looking..
I just hit the floor in hysterics. HEY! Good idea! I'll just show up at kid's school and do that in the cafeteria every day.
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
counting all different ideas, drifting away
Good lord! Lol!
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
S/o to Nick young for hoopin in his red foams. We hoop in our shit
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
Check out Friday.
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
I gotta find it.
are you going to have another twitter party?
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
it IS my weekend! :)
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :)
I share that fear...
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
what do u mean
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
up its arse!
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
nice have fun
relax, BREATH I love you<3
As a joke x]
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
wutz good i got a neo soul joint im working ima send you a snip..so let me know wut you think..
Ash no me quede al partty :/
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 💢👊
but NJ isn't that big a step down in $$$. It's still NYC, Bklyn in a couple years, alongside Jay-Z.
hey love
text me
Got to do something!!!
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
“: Goodmorning!! RT : Good morning tweet peeps..”
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
vegan cheesecake looks delicious. can't wait to try the recipe.
that's great news!
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
- this is my lesbian sister
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails? Why not "she always wears her hair in lion tails?" #deepthought 👧🐒
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
Governor Perry is a freaking joke. I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
Bumpersticker said, " No tea party for me, I can think for myself" Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF. it helps that the bike is beautiful!
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
I dont have any patience :/
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
I'm officially adding "has an iPhone" to my list of dating criteria
I'll be your safety school if you like!
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
Lumberg popped into my head immediately. Um yeah....
gonna tease my hair today (:
We all need somebody to lean on
if i was texting you hold on, im updating my iphone. its taking me a while cause my dumbass didnt know what i was doing haha.
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
Damn you, voice of reason!
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
Grrrr.... give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
First yoga practice after 4 months=depressing.
congrats #WVU PROVE THE HATERS WRONG!
come to firewheel with me tomorrow!
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!! STOP BEING A BITCH
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
the breakfast of champions!!!
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
get em Jake!
A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other. (part 2 of 2)
I'm just not sure if I care to read it & I don't want to prejudge just in case. Will refollow soon...you kill me!
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
My pool needs to be opened asap
In #band with and aka my buds :)
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
Never cook naked.
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray :) I like the old and new albums :) fuck I like them all.
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
You ever been to Mansfield?
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
I missed you anyway ;)
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser “Divas” at the Strand at 7:30pm.
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
Thanks! I low that guitar! -Grant
#GrowCo love your energy Keith!
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education. Probably a useful distinction.
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
thanks for watching!
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
I wonder when it'll click for me that my neighbors can actually see inside my new apartment... 😳
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
don't worry you'll get it, you you go to the people I follow, you will learn so much about 1D(the things they tweet)
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there. #mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
u go check on that chese bread!
Herah! It's the week end. I got to sleep in!
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
NY Comedy Festival this weekend! Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
#FF May she live long and prosper
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
Flawless, love. <3
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip. Itchy, itchy!
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
Tick tick.
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
I want an iphone4
wish you could have joined us!!!!
is coming to Harvey's Lake Tahoe on July 21. Tickets go on sale Feb. 24. Who's going?
In the market for a new watch
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
"Every good relationship is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long."
Now all we need is a first home-run.
RT : Hate being at work? Vomit on your boss' desk.
You and the boys are adored.
#prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:)
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Call me maybe XD
ya that taco place is the epitome of a Bordain late night pig out clip from No Reservations. Fav ep was Japan filmed b4 quake
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Only a few tickets left for #RoseontheRoof. Excited to meet all the new Winos!!
shower of shite
I have literally spent thousands of $ purchasing gear 4 my teams through #Eastbay & still get treated horrible everytime I call 4 a quote
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
cant wait to break this thing in
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
Getting ready to head over to the #PKEtwEATup pretty soon to enjoy the last weekend in July!
About 40 here, and a touch rainy. It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice! =)
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
Your *company* should be thanking !
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
Happy Birthday!! I'm going to make sure I tell you this everywhere I can!
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
amazing! Congrats! Love you!
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now & I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 😡
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
ROASTED! RT Like Syracuse, it appears Kansas also misses Fab Melo.
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
too late to join me?
Thanks, Rob!
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won #topchef #texas!!!!!!!
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
The Heat's win over the Knicks will be appal-lin!
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
lol I hear u
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
“: appearances are not simply the cheerleaders for the football team of essences”
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
RT : You know your an artist when your put your paintbrush in your coffee. again. and drink it anyway.
SO JEALOUS! Sometimes I just sit & stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole. I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
Go see Megachurch tonight at
Does anybody know of a good remedy for a sinus infection? Other than "Don't get a sinus infection in the first place", of course.
No be mad at me..
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
Newt is getting ready to endorse himself in Florida.
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
it's beautiful :)
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
they killed it as usual.
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
The rich have a free ride from the police and the DAs and judges in America
hmm im bored right now
I am majorly bummed out.
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
I'm so sleepy
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 😞
If there were no guns in existence, then nobody would ever get shot and killed. How many of you own one or more guns?
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs. Won the Crown City Innovation award.
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
Gordon turns the corner and bursts for about 30 yards, down to the 20
Tonight will be a night of #EPIC proportions! Join us tonight and then after-ups Password = "MVP" Tables? DM us
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Went driving today and it was a success
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice & style
