RT - MIAMI IN DECEMBER FOR THE EAGLES VS DOLPHINS GAME THEM IAM RIGHT BACK DOWN THEIR FOR NEW YEARS EVE
groovy new year to all
": I followed you back....So does this mean you think I'm certifiable? Ha, ha!" Well on your way!!
going off-line today; don't miss these great shows this week: Benny Goodman (Tue/Wed); Wicked Divas (Thu/Fri); Gospel (Sat)
Hiss. How
- are you live streaming sxsw?
Our school is buying from local organic farms now for veggies and eggs. Longest lines for fresh made to order sandwiches/salad.
#RemoveOneLetterFilms Lash of the Titans
yes, my office used to be the microfilm room. no, you cannot study in here.
Lol RITE... Thats all that Counts.,
I finally got my #metrosurvey at Farragut North tonight! I'll be filling it out tonight!
Thanks to for hosting another amazing event last week.
shout out to for the list of great curators on Twitter
love you
I hate waiting on a bus.
Microsoft&#39;s Office Live Small Business Closing Today
Oh wait, I'm thinking about Avatar - the last airbender, not your Avatar. I think M. Night is making the live action Airbender.
Breathtaking views!
Luxury Golf Vacations in China, Scotland, South Africa, France, Spain & more! www.FreeXpedia.com
puts me up a tree
16 days 3 Monday's left
This can not stand...!
Do not be proud and arrogant with yourr knowledge.
listening now...
God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers and clouds and stars.
That one song you hate now because it reminds you of someone
lame kid no wonder you go to sleep at 2
I have parents fall asleep in the waiting room at my office all the time. Now I get it.
I told you that tho. Both LA & Memphis is not beating the Spurs
Yes, it's true.I grew up around a majority of the famous iconic music celebs that most idolize!My subconcious was privy to their highs/lows
Many thanks for the mention.
I went shopping today with my cousin! :)
Made the flight and have said flask and Wendy's in hand. Thanks for the help everyone esp
It's the beginning of the end bro...
i resemble this remark! ;) and true you are
these rice chips isfuckin bomb Dit come m
what is it? The link doesn't work
Had our annual year end celebration last night! So fun to see everyone dressed up and celebrate everyone's hard work! It's been a fun year!
you're fine. I love you too brotha from anotha mutha lol
I WANT HIM TO FOLLOW ME PLZZZZZZZZZZZ
Y does my lil bro think every one is his cuz
People would know me at school as, "That one trill bitch with the eye patch".
oh yeah oops
i should probably stop tweeting.
Keeping 's page open to see what funny thing he tweets next
Ha! Q: is sharing always intentional? What about sharing via humming earworms stuck in your head?
"SO THIS BITCH." -- The start of an amazing story
FBI: More than 300,000 could lose Web access by July
Don't stop believing is playing in this store. Yep, I'm pumped.
vinny please come to Iowa ? I'd love that . Marry Me ?
Book lovers- you'll want to follow
Finish strong ! Finish strong!
er, 1930. Yes.
makes handmade raw vegan chocolates you have to taste to believe! Tasting @ The Chocolate Library tomorrow @ 4:00!
Bday in a week N I'm thirsty ¦]
Just bought your new song from iTunes.
nice tweet.
I was hungover until 1pm that day, then went straight to TOTS myself, and asked my ex gf to be my girlfriend that day. So special.
This one is for my kids ( and husband) ...so true!!
I love randy travis. Country legend! Forever and ever amen.
Happy mothers day boo. Give the babies a kiss for me 😘 RT : Happy mothers day
Mostly the contrast between NFL/NCAA
you can borrow mine. I have class.
": Did he really just tweet that to me????" Yes he did
saw #GirlwiththeDragonTattoo last night - pretty good, although definitely disturbing
I'll file a request! I'm working on that team now.
“: Why are there packets of Mayo in my purse?? I have pictures to show you why.
Only if you have your gun with you.
if u email melissa I can add u to our email list and forward u the deets
Friday – Day of Tragedy Rev. Randy G. Vaughn of Port Arthur, TX I hope to see you at noon!
Come back
The Big Cabin in the Woods
'young adult' was good “: Any great movies out now that we should try to see today (adults and/or teens)?”
A pen and paper, stereo a tapa, me and Eric B. and nice big plate of ..FISH..which is my favorite dish..
Even though it's different now, you're still here somehow.
hey love you wanna hang out today?
We are getting REAL ambitious with this church music
I wanna hear jc talk on the radio.
ILL NEVER CLOSE MY EYES AGAIN!!
Thanx!! Burton Baton is on its way.
They routinely pull up and sit in front of our house to catch stop sign runners in our 'hood. Same feeling. :-)
act like a lady, think like a man is legit the best movie i've ever seen
I agree!
Above all - try to think about sorts of public functions that libraries continue to play. A form of socialty.
: If you could pay your A insurance bill via text message - would you do it?
chevy cruze - it's new to the US...what do you think?
wahh rain go away
Lightss Down Low , Time 2 Get Naughty , ;))
Thanks to Cari Guittard for her words on #GlobalEngagement + #CitizenDiplomacy RT Say it square, then add flair.
#Troll2 doesn't affirm your creative failure.
For best results, the ADA recommends that you replace your toothbrush every 3-4 months. When¡¯s the last time you replaced yours?
is that pie on the plate? ;-)
Music is going Great! About to hit the studio to record some original music.
The beach 😊 RT : I don't know why everyone hates Corpus, I actually really love this place♥
next is motorcross dirtbike it this saturday
RT : Neg emotions might be stronger in the moment, pos emotions win out over time bc they let you build on what you have...
my collection of tour shirts!
One of my biggest problems is that a PDF link is running over into a heading and I cannot separate the two no matter what I try.
Amazing films, the three of them
don't you know hipsters love slushies and big gulps?
Needs to buy daddy's present!!!
Little girl in the laundry mat spittin Nikki M. lyrics with all of the curse words & the mom is yellin @ her for not sittin down #puzzled?
and Don Alcott are just about the best dinner companionss you could have in Boston at eleven. Trust me.
I am a mother. Today is my day.
Keep it low and slow homies.
Kay One ♥
Is still talking about his shopping experience?
The best promotions are those that give you your own cushy parking spot
me to!! haha
Landed that bartending job? You aren’t done yet! Familiarizing yourself with the bar early will make you look like a pro.
RT Congratulations to the men of on their chartering banquet this weekend!
my new single is released this week. I can get you an MP3 if you like. Just email me at .
The current gospel has become a gospel of sin management. Transformation of life & character not part of redemptive message: Willard
so far a much better day today!
yuppz, and do you think i should write more chapters?
Watching sixth sense! mehh:(.
I can saw them everyday at school , cause they like chatting with me at school ^^ haha some guys r so handsome but not my boyfriend haha
"He is not here; he has risen, just as he said."
That's a #Giants TD.
RT : :-):-):-). I've got exciting news that you guys will find out soon;-)!!!!! Go tell us!! Don't tease us please!
Saw Captain America Oh I mean The Avengers for the second time but I wasn't high so I could focus this time lol! I loves it. Chris Evens 😍
Power remains out at Ott ES & Luna MS. is onsite now. All children are safe and will be fed lunch. No plans for dismissal.
One of my fav episodes of P&T's Fool Us---when Canada's world champion magician Shawn Farquhar really blew them away.. A great TV moment!
84 degrees today. Wow.
check phone<3
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I read it on examiner.
face down ass up
This is
No badda with no new shit...You have to finish what you have started. And no text and drive, you must put the cell on pause and enjoy life.
The world burns while our leaders fiddle. x
At home chillin¡;)
Watching Americas got talent and I'm not really impressed yet. I have no room to talk though lol :)
I can and I will. -Khaleesi
congratulations to Jeannie L. of Darcy Bonner and Associates LLC (Chicago, IL)! You are the winner of our Neocon Ernie Table Raffle
Some little kid just said "Peace out niggas." our bus drivers black! HAHAHAHA.
Sorry to see your outstanding series end. As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community. Great 5 years.
#streetshit well of course I smoke mad weed I'm on my high horse!
#HonestyNight if i wasnt in a relationship i would have been moved to another state
If i have two accounts, and I change the new one to my old name, does everything transfer?
Oh yeah, I heard a #joke today! What do you call a #black guy on the #moon? An astronaut you #racist #bastard!
hi sweetie!!!
that kiss doe....
LightSquared teams with Soundtracker; PlayBook drops to $200 Quick news from around the Web. : Windows Phone Marketplace in
Spreadsheets love you. RT I love spreadsheets
i took a nice long nap :)
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love.
hi edward!!!
Damn boo.i was sleep like shit.i b having to get up early and shyt.u betta call me tonight tho tank head
Civil Rights Digital Library (GA) as of today partner w/ 130 organizations
Leave it to me to forget such an important and exploitable fact.
Jus left schl i gt nun to do
We think alot of GT's playmakers this season will be young guys who haven't hit the stage yet. Congrats to Mr. Peters.
Use it baby. “: Using hoot suite thanks to
Would U Rock Our Gear If We Sent U Some?? Let Me Out
where the fat girls at son??? I got 2 chunky ones on speed dial we need 3 more!!!
gr8 convo with and about fashion, style, pricing, thrifting, accessories, vintage, shopping, and swagg yesterday!
Thanks for joining me this morning. Good luck up north!
I hate to be critical especially concerning children, but it is "fruited" NOT "fruitful" plain. Seriously.
So sick of school.
Just wanna throw congrats from 100 words and running to this... your such an inspiration homie Ohio truly looks up to you
The original Dance Moms is so addicting 😁💚 even though the moms act so childish 😒
We now have a separate account just for our FIT fans! Check us out at !
THAT'S WHY I LOVE YOU!
Thoughts on the BlackBerry Mobile Fusion announcement? Step 1 of BB becoming an enterprise software play only?
Derrrrrrrrp, I have a meeting at work tomorrow. But I have "Saturday School". Maybe I won't go.
The bordetella? I had something in my nose but it was for something else I think.
*the look*
thanks for the RT! :)
Aventura mall with Ashley (;
Dallas won, give em credit, shut up about the Heat already
Wishing Everyone A Beautiful New Years this coming 2012 With lots of LOVE And many opportunities for everyone to Enjoy
Attending due process state training....boring:-(
Thanks for the info!
I'd hate it if it was 5x a day, but since it's over 10 it makes me wanna move to Canada or something
I had no idea Nicole Kidman was born here in Honolulu. You learn new things everyday. Thanks FX DVD on TV. So informational
It's unfortunate that many science oriented disciplines charge so much for publications. Things need to change desperately.
and we just got back from the San Diego Christian Business Expo too. The enemy is trying to shut us down. ain't gonna happen!
we just go done we will be from 2 to 7
hows things going w your company?
Smile fellow Tweeps, it's #FRIDAY!
Just finished practice for our drummer is playing hurt. Should be interesting
Has your employer requested or required that you work more than forty hours per week and failed to pay you overtime pay?
I approve RT I would kill for the Nats crowd to just start chanting "Let's go Devils!" right now.
I'm a superfreak !!!
#Shoutie to I love your bio, and I ate some of it :3 -oops-
Yes! It was nice to meet you as well.
I think clo is pms'y
Big free throws
haha good thing! Twitter won't let me dm you my new number
I'm for suing ESPN for allowing "Around The Horn" to remain on the air.
If you're in #elpaso tonight & want to hear one of the greatest hard rock chicks ever, go see Kat Tyler at Hidrant at 9 pm
They will choose the people and write the info. Most said they like having them up around the room this year. Need more.
That is the sad state of affairs we find ourselves in...
The annual state renewal of the Dream Farm corporation (to become not for profit) is currently due. Please contact
Love Football and Baseball all at the same time!!
Your capacity to lead is directly related to your capacity to grow #CLA2012 Mark Miller
Oh ya uindy softball. Keep it up!!!
When the number 1 power starts wars all over the world and even threatens its allies if they don't go along.
Laker time baby
Yeah he just needs to be himself. He won't win the fans but he will still get respect for being the best player in the league
that's right, Kristian Berg at is collecting ideas and they'll decide what to include this summer, I think.
we saw it, too!
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. -Chinese proverb
Oh haha! Well that sucks !
I've seen 9 dead deer carcasses this morning. They are losing the fight.
loved him as Burt!
Yeah that's yo baby mamma but her numbers in my Android
"Now I'm just an ordinary blue collar slob, but I know what I like on tv!"- Homer
You could take the train to Richmond.
Can it be summer break again , please ?
Met Camp Coyote dweller who was against the Yale Park move. He reasoned it's not freedom of assembly if you have to fill out paperwork 1st.
It's 2 months away, but I'm really looking forward to my #Maine #vacation. Seriously needing to go off duty.
Google Places is your budget planner: it provides you with a price range so you can easily bring enough money with no worries.
Contrary to what Brenda told the electrician, she and Jan are not sister wives.
Thyroid article by Dr. Beck www.ftl.naturalawakeningsmag.com/
your new ringtone on my phone is Radio. My default is Telephone :)
Odor, as well?
Latest twist in the AQAP bomb plot story is fascinating. US intelligence monitoring from within w/ a double-agent informant
"but darlin' you are the only exception..."
Woke up to a bulb randomly falling from my bedroom fixture, bouncing on the bed, scaring the cat, and shattering on the floor. That was odd.
Wasn't that the Grateful Dead's biggest hit? Food Truckin'?
some moose tracks for real! (:
lady gaga=awesome,beyonce=amazing,pink=spectacular
had to have been ... just let it happen
Chilly but beautiful. Great morning for Golf with the Boys!
In Thee Middle Of Nowhere I Just Feel So Alone -nicki
It's so hard not to be in DC right now. I have to start tagging along with !
#WhenAustin asks how our day is.
I like my Hauppauge but there's another out that looks hot an actually uses HDMI cables instead of composite.
Is every girls favorite color purple now? Wtf.
lol - I love blonds but he is just too much. Plus his name is creepy. Its like he is from central casting destined to do weather
can't wait to see you at the end of this month! Love ya babes!
There's a lot more to writing blowjob jokes than admitting to a bunch of people you suck dick. You actually need to have sucked some dick.
#jhudc how do you stay authentic in SM?
J. Ivy is quite possibly THE coldest lyricist of our time.
gettin ready to hit this block forest ln. @ audielia
My pleasure! Thank you for everything that YOU do! :)
When all your practices get rained out.... Smh
Best Prices in Miami Call The Shave Barbershop N Find Out 305-866-1940
Let's get some runs. Jesus.
Had a great 1st day at #Tcamp12. Looking forward to tomorrow!
I'm relevant ten years from now.
Unbelievable 2 months Ben! You made it even more exciting + nerve racking. Well done & congrats lads!
Meeting with the South Austin Dems!
Can't wait for TV Party tonight at !! 10pm sponsored by - you're invited.
I love everything he's ever done. he's an awesome singer and a great person
we're about to get shit on my Mother Nature. hold onto your asses people, it's gonna get sketchy up here.
i just gave my pet ostrich a bath
I did pretty well on that last test, I can feel it :)
Come down to One Up for Dance Party Monday!! Come show your skills on X-Box and Kinect. Win prizes and experience ABQ's premier night spot.
deals thanks for following
It is ok if he makes me feel giddy... that is what love is
Thx for the love! Enjoy your Friday!
Love so joyfully and freely given can never be taken away. It is never truly gone
Camping food has never been so good! Bridgford ready to eat sandwiches for an on the trail lunch. Check "camp food" at Outdoors Geek!
Breathe! Just gave my presentation on #AEPMobile at #ChartwellWMCI. Now I can sit back and take in all the other great speakers.
tired of all these rest in peace shirts da police suppose to protect us but they killen anybody wit a hoody and a Arizona lord plz save us
HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!
I had a good Easter ever though i was alone. I hope everyone else did to :)
Hey Johnny, do you do the St Paul record show?
Limbaugh Flap Is Latest Proof of Talk Radio's Political Influence - Huffington Post
Hi cmic, thanks for following!
Yo your next shoe is gonna be $300 dollars??
Am I at a frat party or at the
Follow me?
That's your excuse? Why do you have multiple tweets to people talking about god and athiests? I can see it, dumb ass.
RT : Make your description appealing and use key terms.
nope not yet... so sad :(
SXSW rocked! Thanks to & Howlin Wolf for the great day - off to Houston for a St Patty's show 2nite
King Felix strikes out six in four shutout innings vs. Rockies. Must have thought it counted.
the question is what type of visits are they?
THANKYOU VERY MUCH!
racist ass ugly bitch.
Fuck everything and everyone!
10,000 people have 's back tonight. That has to be a good feeling.
Get it to VENOM Seattle tonight! birthday party and the last night for #FOLLOWFRIDAYS - OPEN BAR AT 10PM for 1 HOUR ONLY! 21+
Word. RT In 2.5 hours I could be a millionaire ...
did you read the news about the Encyclopaedia Britannica? We were just talking about this last week!!
Being a musician means you like attention. Some don't know the limit of attention tho
Good point. gonna have to pay attention to that. : )
Since i cant chew i have to let my cereal sawg...man i love chewing my cereal..lol
Shout out to for being in the military!! thank u
So , im about to do my hw ..
WebCamWindow T-Shirt Contest! Take a guess at what we're doing next. HINT: It's serious stuff. Tweet us your answers! RT Please!
I wouldn't dip it in the chlorine right away if I were you. How are you at head-above-water swimming?
Shit early in the morning & uncles truck will not start. Man is he pissed, he will miss the delivery.
any tips or articles for making business cards for actors? Thanks!
Well said : As a Pennsylvanian,always found the Paterno worship unnerving,as if it were a football program w/ a school attached.”
Sitting at Windows Cafe with , guy walk by and says "Your my candidate, your the best one running!"
aw such good times!
What fitness achievements are on your bucket list?
Hit up asap! RT : i need a logo quick as shit
Ju ju just like we own it... on a full mixing ravin for stay tuned ronnie rans! We run this town...
should be favorites for indy next year again, interesting to see who OC is.
lol I'm on the floor.
So what's a guy got to do to get off the wait list and into the party? :)
SHE WONT KNOW WHAT SHE LOST UNTIL SHE CAN NEVER GET IT BACK...
But we both know it's awkward that way.
Seeing kevin iscoa on the way home :)))))
I hope to talk to you at C&W about our shared research interests!
“ RT : Why would Ebanks take off his jersey? it's not even sweaty.”
Holy humidity! I forgot what this feels like. Hello big hair.
pahahaha I know the feeling
The Packers gave up a conditional seventh-round pick for Anthony Smith.
they are
I love anime, books, mangas, sleeping, German Shepherds, and money
Wait! It's still Christmas vacation! Stupid alarm!
ABC in Orlando is showing chick flick instead of and I am sad.
I'm stayin on my grizzy I'm a bonafide...
Good morning beautiful
Today is all about the Lawyer Dog :)
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do and you know better what the best for you... Goodmorining
i hate nosy MF's
Happy to see Epiphany hasn't become too commercialized.
follow me back!
How's the show? More pics.
If gas prices get any higher, I'm cutting a hole through the floor of my car and Flintstoning it!
Why is Packing so Stressful? -__- ugh.
Want the newest information about Imaginary Talent?! Go to our website www.imaginarytalent.net Its updated almost every two days!
I think the A's will be blown away when the see a sell out crowd since they can't get those at home
The sound of clickety clacking knitting needles is strangely satisfying.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation. ~Francois De La Rochefoucauld
stevie wonder + prince : concert of bercy 2010
I spent most of the morning looking for my phone...
Haha mine too!
Tonite it's gonna be crazy ! At Phuket Ron browz performing
If everyone is thinking alike... Then somebody isn't thinking.
1st floor tix for scissor sisters at HOB already sold out :( womp womp
Just finished my research paper :O ...tired
a gentle reminder that this is Fla, where almost nothing stays under wraps.
Does anyone know if "TweetAttacks" is a legitimate Twitter App or a spammer? Thx.
I feel like I need a after that lunch.
Do what you like
Any kind of potato chip or fried food is bad for you? WTF!???
Damn, the Hawks got rolled...
the night has started :P
Isn't the cutest? We need a cougar on campus, that's all I'm saying.
My nana takes her wig off when she gets drunk
It's time fa some good ole fashion seafood gumbo! thanks momma!
Tip #118: 3b, 4b, 5b, and 6b'ing light is an art form that takes a lot of practice. It is completely unnecessary in low/mid buy ins.
Welcome to the game Jordan Taylor #Badgers 32-29
i dnt play games but if i happen to be into one burner to his melon jus my version of temple run
Brain is in overload trying to follow both!
Hope you enjoy Takeout & Delivery! Keep us posted on what you think
Great game last night, especially
Damage to my car tripled and will take twice as long to fix. If I find the woman who did this
Ice cream would be lovely rite now :)
Join us on sunday April 22.. from 6-9pm at the Market Square.. we will perform live.... Fiesta San Antonio 2012
When I have kids they aren't getting Sprint.. God I wish I would've switched to Verizon 
"6. It will cost between $20M and $25M to leave the ACC -- we have no idea where that money would come from." - #FSU's President Eric Barron
See you there! RT : Prairie Love is so excited to spend next weekend with you. "Alabama" is coming to town!
Bounce Exchange will create a better user experience & more $ for publishers by monitizing bounce traffic
I failed :(
Another surreal #pdx moment seeing Menomena on Jimmy Fallon moments ago!Huzzah to Danny for representing the #blazers. #menomenaut #rctid :)
Did any states besides Colorado try to pass anti-busing/school deseg constitutional amendments?
hybrid? & so far they're gonna take a bit to get used too lol super thick!! Lol but nice..
Let me be clear! Grace produces bold, passionate, committed disciples! When you're preoccupied with Jesus you will not want to sin!
Hearings for Baltimore City Fire Department (5pm) and (615pm) will be broadcast live on
it's highly possible that we could be of assistance :-). Even for a browns fan. Will call you later today.
#icantwaitfor my chance to get my license!
I thought "Backstreets" Terry was a dude, too.
OCTI trying to go for round two, no bid support though....
yay!!!! Faction of fools!
in san Diego i lived there until I was 3 years old...then I moved to Seattle. Yup!
Thank you for all you do, and keep us in mind if you are looking for publicity.
#OWIF: I jumped the CTA turnstile and am trying to make it to Richard the Former Law Student's apartment. No sign of the posse.
Think you're reading too much into it-maybe he's just the primary policy holder/falcon decision maker? DP10 much more overt
wait ive already been There done that. They Love phuckin wit a youngstas mind forget that idea
Nice!!! I hope it's still there if I pass through
Great screening of "The Way" tonight. Got to talk to Emilio Estevez about our experiences on the Camino Santiago
": Guy: Bet you can't touch both your elbows to your belly button Girl: Yes I can *Does it* *Guy stares at boobs*"lucus _-_
Happy #RecordStoreDay! The line outside of M-Theory is around the corner of the block.
I'm so beautiful lol
Shot a 68 on Oakland Hills North Course yesterday. (Oh yeah, it helped to have three others in a scramble format to make this happen.)
"Apple Pushers". Great movie about green carts in NY, healthy eating, and pursuing the American Dream
Make sure you're checking out #PRSSA chat right now to connect with PR pros and students from across the country!
It will all work out in the end. And if it hasn't worked out...it isn't the end.
Im going to Hades if i sit by carmen again, lol its funny tho in church L>t(-.-t)
Wow! 250 million tweets per day. What's all the chatter about? What do you tweet most about? #whatsallthechatter?
: I knew I liked u immediately ! #smartass. : )
#Bulls tonight!!! Let's make it 2-0!!!
Anyone extremely sad at the moment since wizards is now over ? *raises hand* /': saddest moment of my life !
shut up!!!
Thanks for the compliments I'll direct message you my email addy
who is tamron?
Did u know if u stop moving ur lips it increases the chance of shutting up? :-)
you'll have to come to this great state and indulge!
#Dearmama I love you so much!!!!!!!
Humble yourself. Learn something today: "Arrogance leads to strife, but wisdom is gained by those who take advice." - Proverbs 13:10
Ditto and ditto. RT : Lurking on the #assnchat - Wondering what the topic is today?
Happy Thanksgiving to all!! Thankful for so much this year. I've never had such a lengthy gratitude list! :)
HEY BALTIMORE DUMPSTER DIVERS THERE IS A GIANT SONY TEEVEE ON WEST SIDE 800 BLOCK PARK AVE LOOKING FOR A HOME
I like funny guys. They're so cute
Bout to head to downtown houston!!
So I blocked P.F Changs but their spam still comes through.
I bet something in regards to CBA spinnin a anniversary special for Brass is doable. Just a hunch.
R.I.P. Dick Clarck!!!
great name. congrats to you and Brit and big brother!
Happy nurses Week!
The atmosphere at the studio tonight >>> I love my dance family so much.
#SpursNation, who ya'll want in the next round...Memphis or Clippers?
If only I had a photographic memory
getting ready for cali.
bet those are not cute
Just finished an awesome short with director Chris Dockens...today and tomorrow modeling with Live on Sunset and Glamorous Light
you're listening to the wrong country music!
At the vet with Barqs to find out why her tummy is sick. She is NOT amused! M & M are BORED and fur is flying. *hack*
Rolling out a new brand at Maestro - check it out at www.maestroelearning.com. temporary website before the big one. what do you think?
Good luck to you too! Keep in touch
your the cat's meow
Well this is a first....woken up by a minivan on fire on the street outside my room. Dont worry, I called 911 before tweeting.
Congrats to all the Panther Students graduating today. Cheers.
What Show ?
Clearly my sobriety causes faster twittering.
N da last person gets on my nerves wen she Call she just too much
I have thee most cussing family bless their hearts. Just F*Bombs galore smh!
Wedding Editing. x2
I know it gets hard sometimes, but I could never leave your side, no matter what I say.
keep carrying the flame!
never doubt the big 10...especially PURDUE.
Ugh, today is the day of the creepizoids.
Shout Out To All My Followers!!!! Thank You . Duane2U.
calm your panties now
Totes on Twitter?
Thanks for the RT!
you'd love Seattle - typically cooler up there
GET THE FUCK OUT SMITH! YOU COCK SUCKING PIECE OF SHIT.
Hey, Gun People! A question: if you knew that giving up your gun would bring a dead boy back to life, WOULD you? Yes or no.
The Bob Howard Toyota Tent Sale will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Never to young to cuddle with your 2 week old boyfriend in public
Its interesting how my life has turned out. Wat if shannan was never born? Wat if I never broke my collar bone? Wat if I didn't go 2 seton?
I always cut my bangs uneven, and the only person to ever notice is my mother.
suck tht man dick n tha passenger seat
was it the two or four legged kind?
*heart-attack no76887458* ...
hey man! It's Weston from Auburn! Hope all is well. Check out our stuff!
I'm trying, but woe is we who teach English Language Arts. Our students don't write a single word. Proficiency based on bubbles
man I am not feeling school tomorow this is the time to start,
Guys, what does 'ratchet' mean?
The water must be infected for people to be turning without contact from walkers, only thing I can think of.
playing with google wave!!!
Had too much to read for far too long; new books go to back of the line. But I'll make an exception - , right this way, sir
nah, but I was in the building “: Was that you Fitz? I couldn't remember.”
what's going? Check out my music wwwkingbabajames.com thank u so much.
save me now cause im falling down...
Neighbor called me trash after disagreeing on a political thing. Before saying I was trash, he said "I believe in God" I'm praying for him.
Busy day ahead teaching at The Young Actor's Program at The Lee Strasberg theater Institute.
Testament to the fans RT : Interesting how many lawmakers start their #Vikings remarks this way: "I support a stadium, but....."
:-( that you don't feel well. Fevers suck to have. I hope you feel better quickly, so you can come see me! ;-) Take care, luv!
I sent it <3
That's not fair. I envy your social skills. My difficulty with public speaking for large auds keeps me away from leadership.
Paid for my first semester of college yesterday. Whew.
Shake your grove thing with Barry Manilow @ the Copa Call Me Barry
I'm not even going to weigh tomorrow. I blew it today.
That article cracked me up AND introduced me to a new term. #WinWin I'm good. Relaxing in Ft Myers, FL at the moment. How are you?
I got 4 days and the school still got my phone , dm me your number
To all the girls I've lubed before. Who travelled in and out my door. I'm glad they came along, I dedicate this song...
Just booked 2 jobs for next week. Good things come in 3's so I suppose I'm gonna have to kill that audition later... #imaluckygirl : )
You don't send a man to do a woman's job.
I NEED
Leontyne Price~ I am here and you will know that I am the best and will hear me.
#kids Heard Summer Nature Camps Registration at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Wed, May 16 9:00a: Explore the wonders...
Congrats Kerry!! #onfire RT : YAY!!! !! SCANDAL renewed for a 2nd season! Thanks for yalls' support!
"Sugar & Spice." Season 6, I think. Caution: contains unflattering 80s wardrobe items. (Also: idiotic script.)
Fuckers stole my swamp cooler
They work for me as long as its not used everyday.
do u know how much u mean to me, I mean can u tell LOL
#Caps had lots more opportunities than the Rangers, and controlled the pressure in the 1st and 2nd OT.
If my boss(es) asked me where I was Tuesday and I said, "I don't know", I'd be under heavy scrutiny & on the verge of being fired.
Hate it when you make a really good dinner(rare for me) and u sit the plate down and hubby says his tummy hurts.
dude. I pick up after my dog.
Post a picture of yourself on Instagram. Lose followers. #toosexyforya?
thanks cuz...the shocks starting to wear off. It's blue day today.
finally! Waiting for Rep Buesgens' comments....how soon until he throws in "Members"
futuristic apocalypse short film
Good morning everyone...Coughing or have itchy eyes from brush fire smoke? Tune in to find out where the ash and embers are heading today.
Hey, I am in town from Tokyo for customer dev. and fund raising for Hope to see you while I am in SF!
Is it really better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?
Helton is a god!!
lol I see n im moving to mesquite
": I love that "twitter toughguys" think that u care & they get a RT..stay in the "interesting" business w/ smart radio.
Tattoo night was AMAZING
He'll be a freshman nxt year. Wow he was 6 last time I saw him. #smh at my ddy
Be sure 2 check in on #FourSquare 4 loyalty & #GrouponNow deals
Sick of getting screwed over
just went in to get lunch
i don't want to sleep at all but i think i'm going to just because it's chilly out and i have absolutely nothing else to do
Hi benjamin, can I help? Feel free to DM me if you would like me to put you in touch with someone in support at Dell.
Early going 44 cappers posted with a cons in Un.76ers & Devils...Cons 4-0 yes and now 12-1 last 4 days..more to come
Vegas in 13 days I am excited
she still hasnt tweeted though :(
Haha, they're playing Best Love Song - T-pain ft. Chris Brown LOVE IT!
30 minutes to the art showing 'Her Grapes' featuring Chelsea Dixon @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar
Happy New Year! The mystery continues to unfold! www.rocketrobinson.com
your profile picture is smexyyy;)
RT : Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos, barring unexpected snag in contract talks.
Gettng my hair cut later. Just remotely removed obsessing entity from stylist so I can relax unmolested while there. Really good hair cuts!
1/2 off bottles of wine tonight! No excuses, its heart healthy!
How do you top your baked potato, ?
pretty new picta
Happy Valentines Tweeters!
"all men are the same way" -webster. Words to live by Webby. Words to live by.
Good luck! I just NOW got mine back...
Thinking of -- hope you are killing it in your race today!
"Dear State of Maryland, next time I'll order Talisker. Sincerely, Seth"
Keep your enemies close - & the one you love closer
Almost time, sitting in car waiting for my signal. Omg amazing!
“The harder I work on my chess, the luckier I get.” Samuel Goldwyn
I'm prepping for tonight! Look forward to seeing you Saturday! :)
The moment you realize that you fell in love with someone you should've never fallen for.
#Cloud Computing is not a technology - it's an operations model.
Yep they are amazing..
Even when i dream of you , i dont wanna fall a sleep b/c i miss you babe , and i dont wanna miss a thing.
I might really cry :-(
come play ball on wednesdays at the YMCA on Sothwestern blvd.....mike jasper and dwan edwards play all the time
The clock says 2:00. But I read it as 10 hours till Avengers.
more like where's inspector clue so??
Hi ! Enjoy the tweets!
yes! We are planning on filming and posting videos. Where r u based btw?
Aww!!! Just saw the most touchin moment on you can tell rye rye is real!
Yessir RT : His slave name will always be Ron Artest
That was a fun game to watch, I think the mavs only missed 3 shots in the 1st
Aw I look you look cute... I mean we totally look crazy, but cute crazy ;)
No way! Actually there are lots of great usable band names being generated here. (I thought it worked for Rush AND Sigur Ros.)
Possibly! Either way I'm definitely taking pictures of it.
Where TRUTH doesn't reside, neither does progress. JT Gregory
For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to live, but to move forward, to go up, to conquer.
RT : Kids need to learn to put their ideas out in positive effective ways in SM. Not just throwing up images. model it!
Fucking did good on that algebra test c:
RT : Jazz fan? Join us for the chance to meet Bob Craig, the WRTI host of Big Band Jazz and Voices of Jazz....
I'm really glad you guys didn't give up on AVP, this new album is great! :)
thanks for the mention! Great to see our workshop on the big screen.
my girl just said she luv me wat do i do
Long day, late night Korean food here I come
I think your clothes selection is pretty decent!
RT : RT : To join in the Twitter conversation this weekend use #bookfest & #books hashtags. We can't wait 2 see everyone
Where Your Grace is your Favor will be also......
I know it's your b-day but no hula-hooping until that hip is healed. are gonna need you for the playoffs.
I'm gonna kill myself working every day this week...Saturday get here soon please
so pumped for D-Jam on Saturday!! Can't wait to have you back in #pittsburgh again! Thanks for makin it happen.
A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, & his owner beats him."
by about 10000, I'd say.
In one week I'll be enjoying Atlantic Beach. Give me sun, sand, and a tan.
I just want you all to myself.
People don't believe in me
When I try to look like a pretty little girl I can't, I find it really difficult, like I become dumb .-.
fuuuckkkk lmao dam I needed a haircut lol back when you was so cute with yo glasses n shitttt :p
Special thanks to Tim Waller on 's staff & Reid Adair of for helping us with practice at Bartow Arena today!
Alicia keys “: Who told Swizz he can rap yo?!??”
welcome back!!!
I was so pumped bout eventual Heat/Bulls final. Now the #NBA playoffs have lost their luster cuz of one injury.
Oddly enough, I think I've been to Qatar ... but I can't be entirely certain.
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Looking forward to seeing everyone this week!
I guess I just don't deserve it
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11? All proceeds will go to charity. Can you help with a RT?
Trying to work through this hangover with the help of Bon Iver.
Book me for a live PT/FT Balto/DC/SATRAD or for voicetracking worldwide to help make this pitch disappear.
Working hard as usual home by 6 couch by 630 and flyers by 7 so ready
You have the opportunity to meet people doing the same thing as you are from all different walks of life....
Least valuable stat ever? MT : Last 100 yrs, 3 horses w/ 3 word name won Preakness. Doesn't bode well for I'll Have Another.
You know how you and your friends are fighting over that guy? Well, he doesn't give a fxck, he's with another girl laughing at you lol..
yeah and I'm sure the QB has had nothing to do with that. Lol I think you're in for a pleasant surprise
Spending time focusing on customers rather then competitors - words from the wise. Come on out for our last session!
Loved LIGHT. Can I ask: what was structural reason for making Kearney such an antihero? It works, but I don't know why.
Right?! RT : glad to see the interviews were salvageable even though wasn't being very professional
Great win in game one, crew....now let's go Pack!!! Make this another perfect weekend in Wisconsin!!!
vegan it is!
Good night I'm outtie 
If I make it through this day alive, it will be a miracle.
Bien sur! Do you guys have a favorite St-Germain & tequila cocktail?
"Dad is great! Give us the chocolate cake!" Makes me laugh even harder now that I am a father myself!
I agree. I really like the idea of a bit of food and conversation afterward too.
lol u gone be hella hot down there 👌
I want to go on a vacation...
There are those that support you and those that only pretend too. It's a thin line b/w the two, so pay close attention.
Fellow Forteans - any idea as to the possible relationship between the underground booms, the strange flashes of light and the weird sounds?
RT : Thanks for
Anyone else having issues with Popplet?
Morning morning! When is your favorite time to workout? Morning? Afternoon?
OMG Andrew Luck 1st overall?! who saw that coming?!
Dunkin: I thought, & retirees calling me think, AFSCME leadership at table for them. How do retirees who planned for these benefits live?
don't accumulate fake friends. they'll just tear you down.
Thanks Becker. Hope I make everyone proud.
too much going on...
In the middle of working laptop shuts down....ugh!!
could you make us look cooler please? Like with wigs or something?
Just be your self <3
Monday night football! Who is redeeming their $1 beers from bartab tonight?!
have u talked to DaDa
I havent fooled on anybody in a long time i think tomarrow is the day
nononono please don't do that... if you do that, then I shall send you present... or I just will anyway..what YOU want? :D
I enjoyed meeting you too, it's great to share learnings on non-profit marketing!
Clairmont Chung's W.A.R. Stories #WalterRodney was screened on Friday #bocas2012 -- Wonder what folks thought about it...???
I think its finally time to call it quits today.
Dear , I've obviously loved you for a long time, just don't ever change!
Good Morning! I hope everyone has a wonderful day.
#teamfollowback TEN MORE! I FOLLOW BACK <3
Live tweeting 's graduation: walk in took three hours already, a too religious invocation, and #LeePelton killin it
me neither.. I would be lost and confused lol
Don't fret, it's from the Tecate fire, 200 miles south of the border. (But smelling smoke always makes me jittery too...)
"Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right." - Henry Ford (1863-1947). Good night yogis. Sweet dreams.
no joke, I read your tweet and changed my flight to stay an extra 2 days in Vegas. Can't handle snow!
Still no phone
Last thing you want to hear when you're shooting at night: Here comes the sun.
and the amazing sangria!
thanks for the tweet! Hope you like the app! Have you seen our others?
I can never tell if my tummy is growling or if my phone is vibrating
#homeland jumps the shark every other episode but I'm hopelessly addicted
Wow Disney cartoons suck now!
The smell of a candle being lit for the first time ❤ >>>
BBQ tomorrow during the Diamond Dawgs game in Winter Park at 1p. Proceeds go to Myers Foundation.
Thanks for the mention !!!
Welcoming Jeb Bush to our office today!
So ready for DC!!
Com on clippers
Need more beer.
Well I guess going outside at that moment wasn't the brightest thing in the world
Hey D, thanks for the timely tweet, I completely forgot it was starting tonight. Caught most all of it, gonna be a fun season.
no one is ever to old for pb and j man
That venue looks awesome! What do you have planned? Don't forget to verify a page!
G8: do your job to reduce the rising costs of #food and lets #END hunger!
The "If I Had A Gun" trend is NOT the way to start off a week!
(LIVE) re: Knowledge Stocks to Knowledge Flows "New model: need to learn faster, shift focus to ecosystem"
*scurries away*
Bunghole Java. Basic Broke-fest.
We could see a Patriots - Giants Superbowl rematch. Wow, I still have nightmares about the 2007 loss by the
All about the cheese I ain't talking rat food
TODAY 12PM in RM6304.01: Dagny Stuedhal on nordic digital media based approaches to participatory museums with youth groups
I won't. Started great & going well. Nice day out.
promo video later.
Look out Pittsburgh! Today through when?
#Kansas time of death, 2:48...in the first!
Is by far the cutest boy at the bar!
Sabathia trade. Made them a real team.
S/O to all the people who been gettin food poisoning from Cookout
We've pushed Megamind for so long it's crazy! But today our founder watched Toy Story 3 and almost cried. Can u say animated irony?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MC!!!!! ..little late to the party
me either sister! Makes me happy to know there's #one person I could always count on!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
just too giddy about everything here @ #2CB. we know we've been teasing this 4 a while, but we swear: new music VERY soon! And LOTS of it...
It's always something with you. Chill the fuck out.
Disappointed in my 100 but my 200 totally made up for it! Glory up to God
We didn't get a chance to this weekend, but are definitely planning on it.
I wonder if I am the only one who was never a huge fan of Barney and Robin....
thanks for the BOOM clarification, I thought it was someone's political career converging w/ reality!
Pho would be great. Soup in general would be awesome...are there any other places in SD specializing in soup?
I see an unhappy mother on my timeline. Smh
"you are graduating, aren't you?" "well yes but…I'm in the PhD program, I'm not going. I can get the diploma whenever."
thank you!!
This totally improved my afternoon.
Wow! My sweet Tiki, we both have changed a lot since our shared birthday of 1953 and have shared so much happiness. Mai Tai Love.
Having a serious Bob Dylan jam sesh and drinking tea
ha! wouldn't it be nice to always have someone else make it for you? mothers day everyday!!
I hope you have a great one too!
This game is nuts!!!
I was wondering about War of 1812-era Baltimore images...anything I might recognize?
they have one-it's word for word; doesn't always translate well but it's
Of course 5 mins aftr we sent evryone home the power came on! Happy Monday everyone. It's 1/2 priced wine nite.
i'm totally attracted to that phantom of the opera marksman from Boardwalk Empire. Also S. Buscemi gets so much tail in this show.
I can't sleep Mann
thanks for the
Awesome move!
Started judging the 2012 SIIA CODIE Awards. Amazing products out there!
NEW Spring SAT Prep classes will start on March 5, 2011. Call us to register today!
Life is a chess game.
Church, church is good!
Thank you Deanna!
Do you know what Lemetria is...? Do you know what Cargan is? ;)
Be thankful for the small blessings, like your health and food, someone is not that fortunet today. Appreciate the forgivness of Johova...
Great to see & on with on discussing #racism of
haha my mom was singing What Makes You Beautiful for a while. wuut
What you learn from Pinterest: any odd, frumpy 80s outfit looks awesome with Instagram-like filters on it
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.......THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL <3
Power outage projectors won't work
Remember when Mizzou lost to Norfolk State? That was awesome.
Hey, World Lit student. Please let me ask my professor a question about my grad class. It is important.
#ItCuteWhen I see my body has become stronger everyday
Tonight come to East Meets West BookStore for the Weekly Music Box Series with us and 8pm. $5 Cover. 934 mass ave Cambridge
Happy and healthy new year to all.
moms house ill text you her address and time
I Want A Twix
So sleepy :/
writer to > on 2nd hour- "I'm thinking u play engelbert humperdinck in an interpretive dance extravaganza..."
If you stop typing the screen begins to go red, then you get a pop-up shouting at you, noises, it starts deleting words...
He said another option was no line bifocals. I'll pass on that one.
:] yea! how about you?\
uncharacteristic statement. whats wrong?
#Knicks have to get back on there knees
Hope everyone had fun at Cinco de Mayo last night, but get ready, we have Beer Ball this afternoon! Beer, Pizza, Kickball, it's awesome
First haircut 1993?? Ah damn I'm gettin' old. I was getting my hair cut in '93...when my girlfriend was pullin' on it!...
I am more of a tropical island kinda gal lol bit Ireland would be nice lots of history there castles etc
SMILE:) its almost the weekend
Laughter Against the Machine was AWESOME. THANK YOU ALL for the work you put into the show! Looking forward to the next time!
RT Please. I need 10 more followers to make it to 100. Send to all your friends and other young artists.
blah blah blah inspiring quote
Taking a day at the house. Technology makes it easy to be productive and have fun,from anywhere
More social media loud mouths angling for freebies seems like likely outcome of Klout's rise
happy mother's day to my mama!! love you so much mom!
Soccer man.
lol dexter i thought you were going to sleep!
which one is you?
haha there are NO hot guys in my school not one -.- i hate school!
Johnny Ace should mention John Cena's recent divorce just to get instant heat.
"The little things are what life is all about, Search your soul and learn to appreciate."
It's so cute how fish just can't contain their excitement when you cuddle them.
your video sure makes me miss Ithaca's gorges!
Fudruckers for late lunch early dinner. Yum
FEMA grant achievement unlocked. Bank account looks better now
Where have you been? No studio?
understood that I did that off my phone but at least i had to pull mine out of my pocket because I had been talking to someone...
Everyone Follow her! :D
I also loved that Weaver was singing along to Hit the Road Jack.
I. Am. Dead. Tired.
uh YEEAH. will do!
Had a wonderful weekend getaway with my family this weekend! But, now it's back to reality! :)
I LOVE Movie Night in the White House!! Tonight we watched Shaft, Friday, Boyz in the Hood and Mrs. Doubtfire (Michelle's choice).
- bring it "home" tomorrow!
#quotes Kids go where there is excitement. They stay where there is love.
why don't you click your heels three times and go back to Africa.
thats awesome! :) I have my fingers crossed for you!
I disliked the epilogue of Mockingjay!! It totally went against everything Katniss wanted.
I love figs... in all forms.... They are the best! Fortunately for me, I'm the only one in the house who agrees!
umm... tools or intros ?
What can I say? I am the gubmint's ever-faithful servant.
Happy Easter 2 the victorious cast! , + every1else
give me a call stranger lets hear about this flick
I think im stuck in so.e weird space-time vortex. It cannot already be 2:30 pm
not the answer I'm lookin
What are you excited about this week?
my first baseball game ever with Ian Stewart
not my fault you been shady as fuck.
#VoicesILove *** Gilbert Godfrey
bye bye streak
Feels good to be in the vill with my fam...
I don't know if it can make a difference, but I will not follow anyone like As a Buddhist,we are all accepting,unlike her!
Simple, don't leave lol ": Dunno know what I'm gonna do when I leave...this woman is literally my other half. #blessed"
This is why I don't take naps.. I'm wide awake and with nothing to do.
What a beautiful picture you have painted using words. I can almost hear the birds and feel the mist.
Reading about
If your out to scottsdale mentio yeager at the door at cream for a free drink on me or vip bottle serivce on me vip text me 480 233 5463
We're looking for some independent landlords that are interested in test-driving our new landlord rental system. Retweet this if interested.
Well hello Mr Early. RT : Don't bother me when I'm dreaming, don't bother me when I'm dreaming!...
Prescription glasses can make you look smarter, but vomiting due to a headache from wearing glasses you don't need. Makes you look stupid.
SO ANYONE BESIDES US SUPER EXCITED FOR THIS MUSIC VIDEO DROP, NEW MUSIC DROP, AND OUR NEXT SHOW APRIL 5TH!?
is gunna be my movie buddy this summer! :)
yup. Me too
Finally got the Blade Runner 5-disc Blu Ray. Geek out time!
#nowplaying "Believer" by Goldfrapp (which makes me think of )
Hello darling I see you!
He was hysterical. I wish I could have traded places with Sharon.
flipped to 1sttake, i thought espn checked their story before reporting n commentating on it ...... oh
Woke up from a five hour nap and not gonna move from my bed.
GREAT marketing Jet Blue! $4 from Burbank to Long Beach for #Carmaggedon. And now Bike vs. Jet Blue! #flightvsbike Only in Socal baby! =)
"I can't wait for the Pierogie Race! I'm gon' go nuts!" - idiot sitting behind me
Everyday is a good day when you run. -Kevin Nelson
very excited for tomorrow!!! #photoshoot and then a #callback for a musical!! :D
it's a deal! i'll "find" a credit card to use at homesense. see ya in 8 hours or so. ;)
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else. Yogi Berra -
There's bad crazy that's irritating & grinds you down, & the good crazy where you kick ass and take names. Currently enjoying the latter
As if you won't be hearing enough Christmas music already this month. :)
No your siting your fat ass on the computer
that sounds like Ryan raburns batting average for the tigers
It's 67 degrees already this morning... perfect weather... just add sun. :)
seriously tough choice, Aaron. :)
Miss u so much! Can't wait to see you at 8th grade show case!:)
"Goal Setting: 1) Set Long Term Goals 2) Set Short Term Goals 3) Set Objectives 4) Prioritize the Objectives 5) Define and Detail 6) Do It"
Coda suggestion: Include parent folder name in titlebar of active file if another file is open w/ same name like Sublime Text 2 does.
Heartbreaking attempts by Roger & Collin both to get a goal but keeper stopped TWO and Collin got a face booboo. Then another miss!!!!
Happy New Year from the San Diego Goodwill- All our stores all over the county are open today- and donation centers
outside (: remember you told us about harley and all that ? And we were talking to the girl who got a kiss from madison ?
There maybe some heroes among us...
haha. Oops :p
Thanks for the mention!
Going to bellagio to play 5k
Bitchs On My Dick Like Walle
My son said:"You need help." So I told him he was right and I'll look for a sidekick (like Ed McMahon who will mostly just laugh jokes)
Info from Nelson Rutherford (Alten Sakai & Co) - Estate planning exceptions are currently $5 million, but go back to $1 million 12/31/12
Hello all. Have a great week!
They need Votto to go back to his normal self.
have to stay away! no bueno...
Premium Jazz starts in just a few minutes on wfsk.org from 7-8pm. Also heard on 88.1FM if youre in Nashville. #jazz #jazzin nashville
You know what's a good song? 2 Much Booty In Da Pants. Luther Campbell has that Ben Vereen quality. I can't put my finger on it.
I need something to doo.
love the pic :D
Get Phillip on Stern asap!!!!
Who is your favorite musician??
Hooray for good news!
I shutter when I think about it!
your so dumb hahaha
jimmy said to say 'thank you'...
3 works great :) any coffee shop is fine! Do you have a particular one you love??
"If I can't shake my tail feather, there's no reason to breathe. For real." - #MSNBC #LockUp I mean..... #yolo?
i fucking hate politics. but, i'm running for president in order to legalize gay marriage. god damn hippies.
fixed a couple minor bugs in the php library examples. did you see our blog on the new api library? bit.ly/oEB0Bj
Guess ill go to the studio since my girlfriend with her other bf
Thanks everyone for having on the show!
im jealous of you!!
Space heater, winter coats and hats, Arcade Fire, and working with
So is knocking MIlwaukee. That means is in town. Milwaukee's cool factor just took a big bump.
Game 2 in Miami #Heat vs
All I want is to bang a fireman #EMTfantasies x
yow i m jus chill with my cousin
SO sweet!!! RT " because she has a genuine heart, ambition, and passionate on things she loves: God, music, aggies..."
The idea we can’t debate abortion unworthy of a democratic country
"I am what I buy, not what I search" #ILMEast Not me! I am what I spend time & resources on - not what I buy & search, tho those are a part
Aww RIP Davy Jones! So sad :(
Ceiling and Visibility Unlimited
Good morning to our best followers! What’s your ideal breakfast goodies?
Keep asking reasonable, rational questions keep questioning the nonsensical and you will soonlose faith in all the mumble jumble
take heed
I'm sorry, but I just can't get down with this whole chia seed craze... esp.
Steak and mushroom mac and cheese?! What?!
LOL at girls all over the world going crazy over 's new photoshoot. I think he did it especially for his
Live show coming up May 18th in Sacramento at Fox & Goose. Stay tuned for details.
Oops, we meant weather
what r u talking about
Cool! I really like LA except for the traffic.
Sweet! They'd be crazy not to have you building Channels and social media for them!
Stay tuned...we're announcing the $100 gift card winner @ 5p.m.!
Homer understands everything.
Ooh, Linux 3.3 has been moved into [core]! Might wait a day or two though to see if people have any problems, though.
Will you be my gnarly super man hehe? ;)
#vsa2011 Interpretive designer: I think my role here is just to say I love evaluation. She got an enthusiastic round of applause
#6WordStories Time flies when you're being silly!
show them how to SquE-Z!!!
good answer!! Lol
RAP WITHOUT EMINEM GOES R.I.P
I'm 100% focused on earning petition signatures right now, but I promise full issue briefs soon. (BTW Collins won't.)
Congrats on the picture and autograph.... I guess you know that she got your letter...
If you were coming from the other side of the planet, with time to visit one place in Australia, where would you go?
A wonderful Binghamton woman has been bringing us home made meals 3x a day. Its been a rough few days but she made sure we 8.
starting to work on the plans for my next CD...going into studio this June....excited, challenged and INSPIRED!
It looks gorgeous!!
Let the wild rumpus start Maurice! RIP #MauriceSendak top 3 favorite books as a kid
OMG that's all I could say! We need the dash cam video!
is headed to Cooper's Hawk Restaurant for a Silverseas Cruises presentation.
looking forward to it! ^ AL
Come see with tonight at The End in Nashville!!!
Have you tried thinglink.com? Was thinking it might be a good tool for uploading CC images & adding interactive content.
Don't you hate it when you have that dream you are stuck in high school? I could have sworn I graduated, went to college, now an adult.
your cats love shredding paper towels & TP too!!? LOL
I love #summer weather!
Why did I put econ first??
Thanks for the info on Sports Drinks. Glad I've followed my gut on Sports drinks over the years. Never got into them much.
I think a bucket list for a baby was in poor taste, though I understand the desire to let the world know about their precious child.
#guiltypleasure I read celeb gossip sites regularly just to remind myself that even they don't have perfect lives
emms zach and cameron noticed me last night. Omg
glad to help! Let us know if you have any other questions.
Wait a minute we have school on memorial day?
Oil change & then off to work #Busy Busy
Good job Brett Myers of the Astros! Showing up Halladay on opening day so far. Roy is already out of the game.
i love zone it always works in nba 2k11 lol
Treasures and Temptations
YOU DID
thanks so much, kate! haven't stopped smiling. :)
We're off to a great start this evening for Spring Break Destination Education!
Dont sweat the technique.
Me & Shivan are sick. ):
Fuck the heat still #NYKnicks though. But now
Official merch site up now! Check it out, show your support! :D www.afterplayrewind.bigcartel.com
I is!
Belt holster: diabetic or douchebag?
#ConfessionHour It's too late for me to be awake tweeting at this hour.
I swear they're there!!! Are you looking in our photo galleries??
Senate Meeting day-look 4 the polos! Shiley Hall room 301 @ 4:30pm. We're talking with UP VP Jim Ravelli & taking up a health care Resol?
you bet!
We miss you in Portland Rudy5fernandez.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we knew how to save ourselves from weremoles
Finally n this bitch I c hoes came n here looking n e way
whats your email?
A random Justin Bieber fan followed me on tumblr and is demanding I follow back. haha, block.
I feel you, you would think during hard times people would learn 2 appreciate...
So much studying :/
2 brothers bring 44 Thai Nationals into the US, force them to live and work under "slave like" conditions do not receive jail time?!?!?
how does glitter fall out weirdo..tf !!?!?lololol
Can't wait for audio from Tuesday's #SupremeCourt arguments on #Obamacare. Will a conservative justice's questions hint support for #ACA?
Goodbye voodoo chai!
No it was invented in 1916. I think it means with her fair skin/red hair she photographed exceptionally well in it
Agreed, Sunday was a disgrace!! RT : G.Karl: "Philly came in and stole one. We can't let G.S. do the same."
☼ Son always tell the truth. Then youll never have to remember what you said the last time. Sam Rayburn
Seems like my co worker cries every day!
thanks for the fave :)
They just tore down Center Street at Cathedral.
Haha, really? I don't see you like at all, maybe I have bad vision(x
Double cheers for you! That's great!
Home sweet home...RT Nice to have , and on the patio!
I am not Superman but SuperHuman. Think about~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming A Legend.
Today's question: What are you reading right now? Would you recommend it?
Who knew Kale was so good? Olive oil, sea salt, veggies with kale in a pan, a crispy delight! Ok, I'm stretching a little.
the favor is will u help me get 100 followers+ thxs
My mornings aren't complete without you <3
If Starbucks wasn't founded in Seattle, we would be celebrating a huge Sonics game 1 victory over the Lakers.
Wishing you a Happy, Healthy and Prosperous 2010!
I'm going to check it out right now.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
Well, I'm glad I went to see Blink while I had the chance...
hahah that just made my day! :) you should make a batch <3
Well, we're hooked on them. We've partnered w/ Trophy Cupcakes for a VDay cake giveaway w/ ticket purchase in person this Tues!
what are you talking about?? are there posts on my twitter about wieght lose?? omg i got hacked...
excited to share your live streams with my son He was excited about added geekness Mom came home with.
Absolutely blindsided by Whitney Houston's death! Her poor daughter & family. Way too young to have left us.
#Yankees affiliation aside, I heart the Trenton Thunder! Stadium boasts a "bat dog" and played Skee Lo's "I Wish."
The world's largest chocolate exhibition will be in Brazil when I'm there. Begging the organizer to put it on the group agenda.
Thanks for the kind words!
FYI we will be OPEN Christmas day for the game!! And free Shepard's pie at halftime!!
fuck this hacker, omg. why hack tho? what has he ever done ? </3
plane tix round trip like $545 bus one way $137.
this seagull is in prison!
Thank you and thanks for doing an awesome job!
Thanks for the follow. Always glad to welcome another friend from Atlanta. GO BRAVES
Almost 200 followers! :D Follow me I follow back! :)
Get ready: starting this monday, we will be giving away $1,000 in boston restaurant gift cards right before our launch &
Make that two 😒
#Taurus got love for people who accept them in their many flaws for who they are.
End of the world my @$$! We got studio bookings all day in2 nite!
108 pitces for gallardo and he's done? Maybe Macha should start treating him like the ace.
Sitting here trying to think of something meaningful to say in one sentence.
Ireland vs. Australia, Isreal vs. N. Ireland, Trukey, vs Ukraine, and USA vs. Mexico gotta love soccer!!
goodnight my cute boy!<3
you are one cool dude :)
Montgomery, Perry, Russell & Tallapoosa Counties until 12:00 AM
man! well like someone told me it doesn't count against your fifteen minutes :p
yes! It is me, I know how to deep throat pretty well.
my b-day is in four days too :)
take a pic of the rubber bullet and tweet it. we havent been able to get a full confirmation of the rubber bullets
why are my neighbors playn the drums at 3 somethin in the morning!? wth haha they must be drunk
nice work on Tupac
Lottery ticket on !
I am glad to hear that you are having fun playing the ocarina. That is great!
There needs to be a button in the next GTA that makes dude put on sunglasses.
Cast of Mad Men on Inside the Actors Studio on Monday. Already DVRd it!
I am getting siked for Super Bowl Sunday.....should be an exciting game
get to work
I'm not an actor, but I stumbled upon your tweets and fell in love with you giving "one asshole's opinion."
AH I WANNA HEAR YOU
wherever you find your craft then ENJOY IT!
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister !!
Showing a friend the power o twitter. Check his band doing T.Waits' Rain Dogs youtu.be/celrfnaIY64 so he can watch the views rise!
saying the same thing from my bed.
Ok so me an my lil sis was play fightin an she told me take one more step and im going to kill u then she grabbed 2 hand full of pubic h ...
thanks, Isaiah! I appreciate the support.
aww u should rest a little its ok Justin;) love u. U work very hard
I need a vacation & a tan!
I'm always up 4 a laugh!!! Next game, um??? Tic tax toe~~~~I'm the X & ur the O~that'll go on forever!!! Lmfao;D hugs & kisses!!
Found a new hipster bar in Cincinnati. I'm in love.
tweets while she pee's on the sidewalk next to cats..
you're beautiful , I don't tire of saying it. I LOVE YOU! ♥
Also, if you're not already, please follow You'll be glad you did.
We getting hit with some CRAZY weather here!
Yeah but if pooped on my floor I would for sure kick her out
What?? You wanna date me? But you're much taller than me and older I think. o.O
We were chosen as the charity to receive the proceeds from the event in #DC Awesome! Thanks to everyone who voted for us.
Song of the day: like a rolling stone by Bob Dylan
Just finished packing my closet. Did I miss anything important?
hey. dm me?! i gotta ask you something. thanks.
just got my #booatthezoo tickets for next week!
RT 3 reasons to watch at 10: GIANT fish, a lifesaving Mother's Day gift, & super cute pugs.
Thank you for sparing us! ;-) How about this? If our tweet doesn't add value, we don't post it.
Who wants to go to the #spa Ritz Carlton Dallas for discounted services and retail?? Buy a Beauty Pass and you can! proceeds go to YTAC!
Vacations almost over :|
To make one raindrop of water, it takes approximately a million cloud droplets
Just started following They share great landscape photography. Check them out and follow them too!
Thank you for the laughs today Meg. Wow that tumble was something else.
My efforts are without gain.... Time to let go and smile at the pain </3
Argh. Just found another calculation error in my final exam grades.
I love jeremy #AI but granny said he shouldn't cry like that!
you do realize you spelled 'horan' wrong, right? i hope so.
Hated it.
Warning : I'm dangerously falling for you.
Manual disk partitioning guide for Linux Mint Debian
Morning #uppers. Got my "UP" cup, modest mug really, of coffee and I'm ready.
I've never been this nervous before
Not feeling that good... Took mii shower so ready to lay it down...
I'm so bored at work, its dead today.
One of the places I taught in was named Left Hand, WV. Wonder how many of those there are around?
Bionic Frog just came in, come out and try a 100 point wine from Cayuse!
#DWCdc students are out filming and snapping photos around the campus. PR class is off to this afternoon!
;-) RT : You guys, I'm gonna play with that ouija board tonight :o I might die so yea....
um, Drive IS real life subject matter. Have you ever spent a day w/ me???
Disagree if you want.... But In my opinion, "The Wiz" is the best musical works that this world has ever seen.
My XU in Sweet 16 doesn't look that ridiculous now.
im literally copying and pasting lol
60% of the time it works every time
YOU'LL NEVER SEE ME AGAIN & I WAS GONNA CRY FOR YAH
Looking forward to today's Museums and Mobile conference
#AIG a good buy? hmm uncle sam getting rid of junk, sure hope that balance sheet is correct
Make it count! Please don't lose business because ppl leave your website with the wrong impression of you or your brand.
RT : CBC is posted at the #JustInTimeCareerFair at BU today! Learn more & check us out!
IT MEAN THE WORLD TO ME JUST TO HAVE AMAZING YOU TO FOLLOW ME IM SO PROUD OF U PLEASE FOLLOW ME TONIGHT UR AMAZING ADOABLE <33
And a great new strawberry cupcake you can now add to the mix! :-)
you know how I feel about chilly weather...ugh.
I'm pretty sure I was turned away from a doctor today because they misunderstood my health insurance. I call this
It's not about forcing happiness, it's about not letting sadness win.
got it, thought ya were gonna say Romney......
maybe one day when you put effort in to meet me
Lying in bed with a stranger and 40 people watching. Pretty sure this is what my mom thinks I do on a daily basis.
Violet just told me her hair hurts so she needs to go to the doctor...
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
