You're never too old to watch the Bachelorette.
"the world is full of magic, you just have to believe in it"
#Redskins #FF #Follow for all your skin news!
Utah Seeks More Latinos to Adopt Children - Fox News
if you cant buy your girl flowers atleast once a month
#SaySomethin is stuck in my head I LOVE THAT SONG! asdfghjkl;
America WANTS TO KNOW: Why do #kochbros A.L.E.C. Conspirators hire stupid inept irrascible General Counsel like Mark Holden?
Fast Car by Boyce Avenue WILL change your music taste :)
Likely. I am curious to read it as a librarian, but no interest personally. And, I'm not wasting a credit on it.
Ive been reading your site for the past couple of hours. Lovin it! Im so ready for ths journey in embracing my
Promoting Safety In The Street And On The Web: Educational Games Teach Internet Safety to Children Online At ...
I'm just gonna do a cookout in a park cause its gonna be hot saturday & I'm putting my mom & everyones else bday with mines
Inkdt has much in the works...stay tuned.....
Yeah buddy! We went hard today (:
“ “ I'm On My A Game NEVER On That Bull-Shit. You On Your Bull-Shit Cuz You Ain't ℕever Gonna Be Shit. . .””
Happy Veteran's Day!!!
I think #snapwomen know how to laugh at themselves and not take life too seriously! Have fun!
JUST FRENSS KENNY A FUCKINN LIERR I BEAT HIS FUCKINN ASS ON MY MAMA HEAD I AM
what about her pouhotee
Pretending you didn't know about the phone hacking was/is the veriest ignorant argument.
knows that when Tweedle beetles battle w/paddles in a puddle,they call it a tweetle beetle puddle paddle battle-Ready for next Trivia Night!
fuck. That's super awesome.
I have been really well fed these past six days, REAL well fed. Must. Start. Diet. Tomorrow. (Note that I did not say tonight).
I'm so excited for tomorrow! Ahhhhhg! c:
The first thing I notice on a person is their shoes.
that awkward moment when you have to tell your male gym teacher that you can't swim because of....girl reasons. :S
We got caught in so much traffic so we can't make it to the Cal Tech concert but now we are shoppin' lol.
Enough house stuff already. Yoga, tea, and a book, please!
Saudi Prince Invested in Twitter ttp://tinyurl.com/cyw64sl
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home. The reason
yes constantly! Best investment in music ive made!
lol he has his gf but we argue all the time i just wanna kill him sumtimes but he has a place in my heart
ps I have something in my apartment that's
But you held your pride like you should've held me.
Finally got the twitter app for my G2 so now I can update and not have to be in front of my computer =) Bout time lol.
A word is not the same with one writer as with another. One tears it from his guts. The other pulls it out of his overcoat pocket....
Am I awake or asleep..?
it's your birthday?! Happy Birthday!
70 degree weather all week in march. Spotted Cow draft in hand. Maybe I should move back.
Are you living life like a rock-star?
look at me now im fresh than a motherfker
Did you know milk snakes attack cows and suck milk from their udders?
You'll get it. Don't worry, hang in there!
such a good day for a DC adventure with some amazing people!
is now Follow accordingly!
Watching Mothers Day!!!New version!!
It's a beautiful day at the beach :) RT : Heading to beach in less than an hour :) yay
finally recovered from Thurs! Rehersal and bachelorette dress shopping :)
The real beauty in #business ownership is who you become during the process.
My wildcats are playing GOOD ball!
ya I'm good but I'm still sick! Wawawaa meds aren't helping! :-(
tonights WOD, wait for it ... maxing out on the lifts and squats. I KNOW you're shocked!
I feel bad for the KCAL9 news girl that had the stroke on live television but luckily she now has a team of neurologists running tests.
Looked like he finally knew how to hit last Saturday vs. Cards.
Getting ready to head to this Interview
I be ready to wrap my hands around a niggas neck!
Good morning #SGGC. M!!!!!
Yes! Going to the sponsor party next Wednesday -
haha thatd be kinda cool actually.
Dang those Steam deals this week were just crazy. Hope you had a blast downloading this weekend.
Wha...wha...what's that I hear?....A....SLAUGHTER SPECIAL tomorrow?? At the Clifton Forge Armory??? OH MAN!!!!
While on a trip to So Africa, Shakira was attacked by a sea lion. The story has to be true, bc the story was reported by Shakira's hips
You have 14% chance left to talk to me after that my phone dies and stays dead until I'm calm enough to charge it again.
thank you Madison! :)
In honor of Billy Crystal hosting the Oscars tonight, I think I will go watch one of the most powerful films ever made, My Giant.
Josef Newgarden just crashed coming out of turn 4.
too many to watch. Wish I had a DVR. At 2 you have to keep your eye on the AMGEN Tour of California
There are better ways to be woken up than by an earthquake.
Music can change the world because it can change people
Gallery Night Pick: Hot Pop, not even sure who they have, but I've never been disappointed by the work they've got up yet.
Tryin to stay positve but got so much on the brain. I need a life line.
Sweet feeling of pounding headache
I dunno, they get paid pretty well. Unions and all that guaranteeing a nice wage and stuff..
NOW BOARDING FLIGHT 420 …
Me too I love spring break:-)
I couldn't agree more :)
please send info about your Miami, FL program to me at
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you call them fat, make them pay for themselves on a date, look at other girls, dissagree with them.
RT : There should be a "loathe this" option on Facebook
aw I want to be there! So badly!
“There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.” General George S. Patton
Last weekend for ordering prints for the holidays without rush fees.
How did 'Dre not come up with that...
#Police patrolling in cars waiting for a call to come in is reaction to crime while foot patrol works to prevent crime. Which do you prefer?
PS you started putting our business on twitter not me
wouldn't that be, maybe, every Marx Brothers movie ever?
whats going on with your music
Latin Perspective offers podcasts of Latin Jazz shows for whoever is interested.
#Pittsburgh RT ": All you can eat crab legs tonight. Two drink minimum #PGH"
Infant Cozy Cow Costume
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh.
Thank you!
Eminim songs never get old
What do you call an Irishman who's been left out in the cold and snow all winter? Patty O'Furniture
That who/which line's incredibly hard to draw. Haven't made full peace with mine yet, still in flux. Advice welcome.
Some hoes be trying so hard to be "one of the boys." Stop tryna be down...
Hawaiian Poke Bowl will be at new locations around the #bayarea! Stay tuned to find out where!!!
Congratulations to all students testing this weekend. Good job everyone!!!!!
instagram now Twitter, really upping your social media game lady
I want to travel everywhere! Anyone need a study abroad advisor/companion?
Heading to Everest BC in April. Would like to learn more. Eric
Phil Humber perfect game!!!
I go bye this quote: Every time you SNEEZE somebody is thinking of you<33
#SandersSundays is the best part of Sunday <3 I always look forward to it on Sundays . Hope you keep doing this ! <3
Wow I really need to go to Albuquerque now!
RT : Trying to organize a viewing party. RSVP to watch Battleship in IMAX on Rihanna's forehead next Friday. Who's in?
This person was astonishingly computer illiterate, but I still hold a grudge against NB for that one.
where were you ms. Teen?
What movie did you see? :D
hmm...good point. I guess I could look in iTunes and see
Trying to make #FIIF a thing, as in "Drinks at lunch? #FuckItItsFriday."
Okay, if you're at the #aam2012 opening party and you haven't found the band on the 3rd flr, GET UP HERE!!
On a train to London with knowledge that I will miss follow the sun 2012. Not a good week so far, but there is still time to turn it around.
Open Bar 6-9pm Friday! Rock out to the ! At the newest hotspot
I'll sleep when I'm dead
just as uncalled for as there's we're. Stick to kissing celebrity butt.
excuse me? oh hell no
Thanks for following! We help finance startups/co's that are premature for bank lines. Looking forward to connecting. Happy Friday
No black-and-white yet; not sure I can stand to leave #ginamckee. , was she in ANYTHING else of note?
Lol his face is priceless
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something. -
If you're still sober look for us in the parade!
Hey! 4 min left. Please shove more coach K coverage down our throat.I mean I could read about the OSU game tomorrow Im sure.
All the same...
ice cream.
Would never expect that, especially since you work at a bar RT : Drunk people everywhere
Thank you to our women and men in uniform and all our veterans for your service to our country.
Depressed people are so sad to be around. Downers really. At least i have mine in check and don't mope.
Qualifying is done and the boys leave for the Hamilton Invitational in New York on Thursday!
Criminal law defines the nature of and punishments for offenses of a public nature or wrongs committed against the state or society.
At the movies.. watching women in black
Hospital food sucks but, today just enjoying the rest. Two atents replaces all fixed up
GoodMorning wonderful people!!
10 minutes into asana this morning, realized I was in a room full of professional ballet dancers.
we should be lol
Windy City, join #PENMember Nathan Englander & Etgar Keret for a reading 6pm @ Chicago Sinai Temple
been good man, yea ive been putting my work in, how you been dude?
Golf course!
#erl12 Kuali OLE & JISC working together on an open knowledge base construction Global Open knowledge base GOkb
No particular level, but definitely higher.
that Mario Serrano is pretty great!
I like it because I can get a lot of visualization despite being most comfortable with server-side rendering.
It's too cold for me to be walking across campus
How's it looking on Oahu? Wondering if my condo in Mililani is going to be affected
Is this really happening? Thanksgiving is THIS week? Wow.
Oh gotcha!
I've heard a few of these....
I can ask questions at NATO debate. What questions do you want answered? Tweet me!
Wowww picked a salad over pizza 😳 something is wrong with me
Now I do appreciate the tutorial and will try to learn however slowly. www.afrigeneas.com/forumc
It's official! Next Friday come by Voltage (295 3rd street, Kendall sq) for our next opening exhibition by Christina Watka!!
Ppl tryna do a winner take all in this senior tag. Ppl argued when it was no prize y would this work lol
That man makes me mad every time he opens his mouth. "Black mob" my ass.
I been awol from yoga too long. Saw a guy diggin in a dumpster for food and I felt nothin
D. Wade needs to burn his Jordan contract
Mr. Romney has his hair done like Paulie Walnuts from The Sopranos.
I feel like driiiinkin and daaaancin.. But instead, I've gotta go to bed bc I have school tm.
great tweet that's what I thought you should get one then some of these jokes
wondering how well twitter and facebook will play together
Just announced his chip stack as "bout three fiddy" on ESPN3 broadcast - poker ambassador extraordinaire
really? He's right next to me!
Time for Korean Dramas! Boys Over Flowers!
RT : Getting so stuck in preparation that you never get started will stop you right in your tracks every time. >> amen!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. How strong you stand is what MAKES you.
You are right. The phrasing is so Tweetable. But nothing quite compares to the live performance.
awwhh! i hope it goes well :)
A bird pooped on me yesterday on the Universal lot. Someone said that's good luck. Hoping so.
COME ON ROYALS ONE MORE OUT!
Yo bike life in philly was sick. Yo want any videos hit me up
RT : Cool Ranch iPhone screen.
My twin sis & I have mad love for you <3 xoxoxoxoxo
thanks for mentioning FIT on your latest show! A DC student recently told us she looks forward to hearing it every week.
nope chanel remember..
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
They call me nasty!:)
Maybe if i looked different things woild change for the better
Never realized how easily Stairway to Heaven translates to Flamenco.
It's great to meet you, Cristina's a sweetheart! Is Summer your real name? :)
where the carnival?
GOP! Ramp it up/jettison political correctness. Future of AMERICA at stake. Core issue to EARN White House is COURAGE LEADS!
Guillen says dumb things and people rally to fire him, but Petrino lies about an affair with an underling and there's a rally to save him?
- They're all in Miami?
Don't entertain wicked thoughts, cast them down! Call on the Lord!
Please please please RT the last tweet:)
Get ready Spokane...were coming to melt some faces...check out all of our tour dates and come to a show near you!!!
Enjoying Arizona!
Just took a look at it today!!! Nice!!!!
Yankees/Knicks/Rangers/RBNY decided to play at the same time, on the same day, in some cases in New York.
"We stan for a flop." It's the sad truth. At least she's not a total and complete flop. Just a semi-flop. #glasshalffull :/
#20ThingsAboutMe; 20. I've only ever made one serious promise in my life and I intend on keeping it my whole life. :)
hey thanks for the mention:)
My love is his & his is mine. my friend became the love of my life
Im suprised how much gymnastics i can still do . Im still really god ;D
grammar dating game?? gimme more details.
They're playing in this place right now! I just became the most fun patron in the Firestone public house.
Successful night at the gym
yes!!! The big, beautiful, new artist apartment! You'll have to come play in it ;)
"SNO" Clothing Photo Shoot Yesterday went extremely well, Look book will be posted on website shortly. www.SnoClothing.com
I've seen a many crazy things here in Vegas. Just when u think uve seen the craziest, someone else comes along and surprises you.
My boys are on retreat. This week is gonna suck at school..
No! I'd totally love to look it over... perhaps on Monday, after I hand in my line edits to my publisher. ;) Link?
I thought the game was a 10 it had all the makings of a Hollywood movie.
skating is the best cure to a hockey loss day. especially with your best bud from up north.
Thanks for following! How did you hear about #bartab?
Poetry & Prose featuring the Shrimp Boat Project Monday, October 24th at 5:30pm...
On to southern Portugal today. Happy at how well Skype worked for a meeting yesterday. 2.3 cents/min isn't bad.
Thanks for tuning in, Chandra! RT : So glad I caught it. A great segment.
"It's no fun if it's not slippery" - Dad explaining the purpose of lube....
I'm in so much pain from them tightening my braces yesterday. Fuck everyone today.
I have two people that might be interested. dm me your email address
We are looking for a new second guitar player. Hit us up if you wanna try out!
my name is Larissa!
If you went to or wanted to please follow us. We can't follow U back if U don't! You know who you are! :D Damn twitter rulz
roasted chickpeas are amazing! Enjoy :)
Summer is here when there is not alot to do but golf, work and chill!
January 15th @ Firestone.. Show starts @ 6. Contact us for tickets, 321 202 3911. Yea! Studio Journal coming soon!
Check out Fit Physique Radio at this weekends Europa Get Fit & Sports expo...in Orlando
Have you been doing more Google+ as a result?
All good, man!
A2. College hoops play might not be as high-level as in decades past, but it sure ain't hurtin' the NCAA bottom line.
step brothers 😊
i love you more!!
I remember when all my family members use to meet up at one another's house an at the end no one ever wanted to leave
in my room. The fuck u think lol
Guess who has two thumbs and is spinning hella old school chicago ghetto tracks tomorrow on kunv? This guy, right here.
"When one is past 30, one can about half comprehend the weather." -Chinese proverb. In a new language, tell us what the weather is like!
big day - using snowblower, hacking more velocity/css/perl and looking into AWS pricing
Hot soup and Elvis in Blue Hawaii. A great start to my weekend off!
Hey! Would it be possible to get an interview? :)
Thanks for the great tweets this week! Have an awesome weekend!
.RT : Ask & you shall receive.
YAYAYAYAY ! Omg #pumped !!!! We'll be juniors on a mission havin' a party!!!!
you sholl don't use em on me
Standard Flat Fee Order - Portland MLS Direct received a new entry.
Tip #194: Relationships aren't always as they seem, so before you become envious of another THANK GOD for what you have!
:( I'm sick of insomnia
Cajun and Montreal seasoned chicken with tomatoes and green chillis mixed with white rice!!
Deep in the heart of Houston international
Working evenings tonight for KUSI News at 6, 10 and 11pm. Join us!!
John Terry scoring. No justice in life whatsoever
T party
The great thing about morning.... Is the fact you get to shape the rest of your day! Make the most of it!
Got it, and I am sorry about your loss.
Speaking today at an international airlines human resource professional group. Airlines I dream of flying on.
I love listening to neutral announcers on National Television, idiots or not. All I know is, I don't give a shit if Prince Fielder can bunt.
We want to give a big thank you to our sponsors and to everyone that came out to support us this Saturday at the Cavalcade! Much love! :D
you DO! And EJ did work today! :P
So happy to be back in Bloomington with my crazy friends
Hey guess what? is probably the most amazing person ever just saying <3
ha, I've realized this is a major trend. How/why is pinterest so popular now?
HAPPY C-DAY HYPE R.I.P
33Across team is present!
Looks like its gonna be scary movies all night (: hate watchin em alone but it'll do for now
Catch my article on a Mission Hills 2-on-1 lot remodel in feb '11 issue of SD Home/Garden--I use my pen name Tom Shess. Tnx.
Way to go Mac.
he was getting hacked! U know it too! Haha
Good Luck Today Going for the sweep!! #SECsoftball Tourney is just around the corner now
I think Raleigh needs a twitter!
#2BeHonest i hate your guts and i don't want to be friends anymore...
Betting most Coyotes fans could have gotten a five minute misconduct for what they just did to their TV or seats.
WEDNESDAY NITE CLUB XSCAPE ALL BLACK AFFAIR....
cool I hope u have fun were ever u are
Love exploding that it bring dead to life.
#brewers beast mode in Milwaukee
Glad you could get dinner in (and glad power's back.) We've been ok, but are expecting a good chance to lose electricity t'nite.
Can't even spell drunken right smh
Snow! In the air & on the ground! Now's the time to check out our sweet fleet of rental Fat-Bikes! Surly Pugsleys & Salsa Mukluks! Ride 'em!
"Goldfinger" + "Thunderball" (A James Bond Double Feature!)
You remind me of guy that i once knew ..
let me know when you ever see Blake drive the lane and take contact and get to the line. I will be waiting until I'm ancient.
iv always loved him...everyone knows that
Shout Out Right back atcha homie
Love your blog! We appreciate #Southern style!
Highschool made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, dropouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
What? Rly??! This guy was an OG. Still have his book. : RIP
good night my luvs...saying a prayer for all of my followers <3
why do all the hot guys gotta be gay:/
I don't know why I hate it so much here but I do
Wondering why HomelandSecurity wanted to follow me. Hmm. Was that someone's idea of a joke or big brother?
PRODUCER/RECORDING ENGINEER. WORKING ON EVERYTHING FROM HIP7R&B TO ROCK&REGGAE...OPERATING IN-BETWEEN FLORIDA,USA & JAMAICA W.I.
Enjoying this weather, time to take the dog out again.
Tracking, tracking, tracking.
I thank you to all who follow me♥
I can't wait for my Hawaii photo album with all these amaze camera pics to come! hheheh! x
Best cabbie ever
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a dream.
wish you were here! Miss you!
I'm sick of companies getting mad at me for not paying my bills.
Now Playing - High Plains Drifter
Starting my day off with dancy Swedish group
Indiana is a 12-point Vegas favorite vs. Penn State today. Seem about right? #Hoosiers beat Penn State by avg of 12.5 pts. in reg. season.
This is your last day to receive 40% off holiday merchandise at the Katzen Museum Store. Visit from 11-4 pm!
“: I need a Yamaha Waverunner FZR in my life #awesome fun #gadget #show #worldtour” I 2nd that!
#JETSNATION PUT YOUR HOODS UP! Go
I'm such a nice person ( :
I know I'm so impressed! They need to step it up though >:/ this shouldn't be a repeat of series 1 !
#MiamiHeat you are our champions and you all have the "hearts of champions".
Heck yeah I'll follow Quinn! I didn't know you were out there.
fewer photographs tho, sigh, guess you can't have it all! :)
Great, thanks. Also, will number porting be possible?
thanks! Here's my twitter handle:
Stars are gone
Alright, DMing the boys! got you there! :)
The daily grind... but after today I get a 3 day weekend! Maybe someone missed the memo on when we were having Memorial Day this year? :)
Sumetimes i feel like givin' up... But sumthin keeps tellin me to keep pushin' tho... I jus want to make music Y is there so much in da way?
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Damn I slept for 12 hours lol
I like quotes. This one is good. RT : Patience with others is love. Patience with self is hope. Patience with God is faith!
RT Redd Alert...Redd leading the Suns with 8pts off the twine in his season debut in the 1st Qrt on League Pass. Cavs and Suns tied 30.
Having my coffee to get my 4th of July going...
Ugh! I could really use a time machine right now
thank you! :) happy friday
Go look up "The Choc'late Mousse: Pie Bar" on Facebook! It's so cool!
a great morning song is "Sweet Caroline" by Neil Diamond. We will be watching you score a goal at Houston next week.
hahah i like it soo much better than FB.but yeah, text me if you are actually going to a movie sometime soon. haha.
Who ever is In my friends twitter better give it back is just wrong fuck I'm mad please give it back please
I splash some on every morning!
as a fellow lover of all things pumpkin...I feel the need to tell you that the pumpkin spice k-cups are amazing.
you will have me in your hands tomorrow...wait....
RT : China has demonstrated why Cloud Computing will never be trusted. The Internet can be shut down at a whim
"everything happens for a reason" lol
At oberwise ice cream shoppe and I really jus want a sample of it all... Best ice cream ever
yay congrats you beautiful bitch! oxoxox
DYK: Teachers can checkout materials from and study at the Science House #HowCoolisThat #MNEarthDay Open teacher friendly hours 3:30-6 pm
He's suspending his campaign now. Interesting.
congrats Ryan and Erin! time to celebrate...
Ill be putting pics up what wboy stadium looks with super bowl stuff and wet snow in about 25 min. Check it out !!
Derek Jeter is one of Barbara Walter's Most Fascinating People this year. See him on the special on December 14th, , 9:30PM ET.
Watch #Sarkozy v #Hollande, care to comment? Heard it was long, fairly unstructured, using/critiquing stats. Very different from US debates?
they said they love you too <3 n so do I
What's everybody up to #tonight?
“: Super #Lintendo.” sorry but #Lintendo is pretty damn lintastic
"I'm just saying that your mom is the kind of women who knows her way around a boner" -UPS guy to Fedex guy in my office
Back to school stuff most of the day today, then tomorrow High School registration, my baby will be a freshman! Yikes!
good morning ladies! Hope all is well!
psst..we're looking to hire a production manager, operations and finance directors for , pass it on.
Coming Soon - MilwaukeeCoupons.com
Keep in mind there are over 400 listings so keep checking back.
To Orlando in June w/
Today at #OSCon, awesome update on the state of PHP frameworks (symfony2, behat, assetic) and a great tutorial on Node.JS by
:I need to holla at you hit me on facebook.com WILLIAM COTTON: ima comedian/actor
but then you wouldn't have got kissed on again!!
Haha Stan and Roger sing how I live by twiztid.
Anyone else noticing the impact of the smoke haze around the county? Throat was killing me after a hard MTB ride.
We have 10 years of wrecked and junk car removal experience. We offer cash for old vehicles for all of Atlanta and surrounding areas....
$9 bucks a pop, but it beats paying $60+ at the hairdresser's, who will burn my tresses silly. My hair has never been softer.
thank you for the support ! :)
On 2/1/2012 we'll have our grand opening at the Pittsburgh Mills Mall.
If we're being serious about it, there are two time periods: before and after Bryan Adams.
- Kid is having a hell of a day at the plate! #CareerDay!
My dog is such a cry baby omg.
Thanks! See y'all tomorrow!
haha i hear ya there! i'll be getting drunk in redgranite, i'll drink to 10 years out of HS. :)
Yeah! Where is the new one at? I thought the old one was gone.
One more week of a school left 😄
Don't get us in trouble
RT if you think gaga should release the American tour dates
And there you have it! Jones for the win!
No moreso or less than yours is my pt. RT That, sir, is called circular logic.
We are rolling along and looking forward to MAY 12!
good workout feeling good now fresh out the shower bout to eat and study the playbook C
Yep, sure do. Private student lenders operate in the normal banking system. Thus, should be subject to normal laws (discharge)
you might be interested in
Let's ditch the Dores nickname,
I fucked up completely!!!! Ah fuck! I'm so upset. God I'm stupid
Aw, sorry to miss you! Hopefully we can catch up at #MCN2012 :) , you in?
reservation set - Thanks!
follow my girl Reese_TewKutee
About time. Queer.
Raffi Torres is a sad disgrace for a fat-faced, creepy ginger.
RT : It's not really love if it's not the truth.
G/M tweeters!!!!
Whether you’re curling, straightening, or whatevering, applying product 10 minutes in advance helps it fully absorb into your strands.
That moment when your listening to music in class and u want to start singing along with song but u cant.
What's your favorite color? Check this page out. very cool analysis of colors in advertising and design. See where your tastes fit!...
Lol just dirty.!!!
yay! Omg my ankle hurt for a week when I feel, I rolled it! #whatastupidwaytogetaninjury! ;))
Thanks for sharing! Branding yourself online will soon replace the #resume. Certified resume editors, beware!
I don't think they are seeking your attention it must be the air thats making them tweet you silly boy
That's easy for an ex trombone player like me.
I'm getting sleepy and by the time we wrap the sun will be coming up... but all I want to do when I lay down is read Game of Thrones.
thanks for the RT
literally caught every red light on my way to school this morning
Thanks for the support! RT : Just seen u on Fox 5 news, I'll be @ your book signing!! MAUH!!
evening of Wednesday April 18th! I'll send you details closer to the date :)
Thanks for the follow. Let us know how we may be of assistance. Especially our Sidebeat Music Show
Chakra Khan is my favorite. Nicely done.
Radar shows strong storm over Eldersburg moving toward Baltimore city and southwestern Baltimore county
WHAT?! NO!
Bout to go finish the beat n start a new one
Some of these girls now days have been ran through more than a finish line at a race track.
1 Free dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week when you check into Oz on Yelp or Foursquare!
Gotta make it happen today.
I am taking over the world so watch out!
just a game! Have fun! Quack quack quack, Mr. Ducksworth!
like he splash it all down his neck smh
I love that it is 8:30pm and still light out!
I have to go to bw3's tonight
it's all love hope you find her lmao ☺
Want to see some real talent? The women in "The Rosalila" www.eastlarep.com are crazy good! Opens November 12th - check it out!
some of the whales were dead and bloody. It was very gross and distracting. And they were all pics saved to his computer.
Save a #horse. Ride a #cowboy. #Giddyup!
Why what's happening?
what happened?
I know this is a state worker lament and won't get sympathy from others, but I really wish that Friday was Cesar Chavez Day, Observed.
I do have claas
still gonna google that mug lol
Haters you can kiss my ass foul bitches
Happy Leap Day! Use it wisely!....To Tivity and Beyond!!!
What's good bruh!
#retweet if u ever tripped over ur feet & tried to play it off with a light jog. . .
Cody, follow plz? Gotta meet you and talk music, you down?
If you're writing a dissertation, or any other long document, you should check out Scrivener. It's really helping me organize my writing.
PS lola just got into the game she recently signed with Taylor Gang...She is gonna save hip hop what u kno bout selling out
Un-fun -a 4-yr-old who wakes up at 1, demands the RIGHT "lovie/blankie," up again at 2 for something to drink & generally won't go to sleep.
we are totally having tacos for dinner. ;-)
Shits and giggles.
I love the work you do digging into what the statistics are really saying.
Just arrived at #SXSW - excited to see all the new things happening and talk
oh awesome (: I was gonna say if they have M&G you should go you deserve to meet him (:
Super Moon, Derby Day, Cinco de Mayo - a trifecta!
The word for today is wayzgoose. an annual employees' dinner or outing. Do you have the proper incentives in place?
Oh big head dang y so mean I am doing pretty good I come home at the end of May to visit can't wait.
New post: ChargerCity GPS Garmin Nuvi Windshield ball & socket suction cup mount & Bracket unit holster bundle for Garmin
We loved having you all! RT : Really enjoyed the #companymeeting yesterday
And his was kidneys
I may be English but proud to support home nations abroad so #come on Wales
We're doing ok! Working too much...but relaxing today! Trying to figure out how to get more Likers on our FB page....LOL! U?
Thanks for coming everyone! Have a great night!
The Kingdom on Bluray.. Dope shit!!
2nd that on careless whisper. Ba-ba-bananas!! See you tonight!
sipping off mcdo's ketchup.
OMG! Just met and shook the hand of Madeleine Albright. Love working at
Free Classifieds
One thing about family, you gotta stick by they side, even when they doing wrong..
Leaving to go to Jersey tomorrow with the family...I'm so excited! c:
good, well I'll be around. Hit me up if anything. Stay blessed
guys that wear some subtle makeup are hot! Lol.
Thats why hes a superstar Mike D....thats why...give him the ball! #Melo glad Mike D is gone!
doubt it RT : Is this what blue balls feel like?
Creating,maintaining &promoting successful business websites is tough & resource-consuming.For not all websites & webmasters R created equal
That moment you get your phone and laptop back you just feel complete:))
we finally agree on something! Go badgers! On Wisconsin......
haha thanks love you too
Ok LADIES think you got what it takes think you're HOT enter the CHALLENGE and lets find out 50k for the WINNER plus a modeling contract.
I disagree wholeheartedly. That's exactly the kind of elitist attitude that keeps people away from classical music.
Dunkin Donuts and snickerdoodles in the offices! I'm going to miss for many reasons, treats being one of them.
Neva will I HATE ...
I gotta admit, I hate doing math so if you guys could allow the option to have a detailed timestamp date, that'd be great!
They can't scare me, if I scare them first ~ Lady Gaga
New BMO Pavilion offering free "blue circle seat pass" to get u good seats up front. 2500 per show. More to come.
3 more chances.
Combining traditional print, mobile QRcodes, logistics and mom buying from home will track consumer behavior
Death to the vending machine u bastard
alright best friend will do. N u gotta get rid of that metro
The best Sales organizations have tight integration with Marketing and Strategy
My phone is really 'f'ing up
You're welcome. Happy Founder's Day!
hnhgar i cant get over it
And I hate when niggas joke at the register like can you pay for it. Bitch you got more money in your pocket then ill make in 3 months wrkn
“It Always Seems Impossible Until it’s All Done.” – Nelson Mandela
Doing well! Busy but it's cool b/c I'm doing what I love. I've been busy before @ not working toward my goals, so I'm thankful.
i still don't get how you let her give you a hickey on your CHEEK dude lol
Good job Tom!
Bloomberg.... Wow
27 days until I graduate from Can't wait to start on the mile-long list of things to do with my newfound free time!
For every missed shot in taxes there is always a rebound for reasonable cause in the form of an amendment...
you mean a frownie upside down (:
In fact, if you have a home bundle package with (it doesnt matter) and you're paying more than $100-$120/month...smh...you need to Inbox me
Wow some random girl on the bus turned around and said "this is really random but your really pretty"
what's good broham?
It is fantastic you have a draft done, all I have is an outline that I keep revising.
How many 99 cent slices do you dare to eat for lunch?
Attempt missed. Carlos Salcido (Mexico) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Guardado.
u r so black u got mistaken 4 a giant charcoal
I'm ugly as hell folkz
If she sends you a text with a period at the end
weak ass fight!!!
I'm in total sympathy. Truly. Sorry that there's always the inevitable cause-and-effect in whatever choices we make.
thank you brotha!
goodmorning sunshine im sure ur still sleeping huh lol gym time woman get in there and get to work lol thanks for the hug:)
Thanks for the props , and ... appreciates!
Lookin' forward to the last set of musical shows this weekend!
i hope one day we get married just to say we fucking did it.
awh thank you :)
checking out a preview of the spring flower show!
Getting back into the swing of things is easier than it looks ... My body is in another time zone
HOLLY CRAP LIL JON @ WET ULTRA LOUNGE TONIGHT call NOW 915-449-2066, DUH WINNING!!! WET ULTRA LOUNGE & LIL JON TONIGHT
Man...I was just thinking the other day, "Playoff Hockey needs more Nickleback".
vivo's off manor is always a staple for a date night for me.
RT : Good luck to the Eagle Men's golf team this week at Nationals.... Go make some history fellas!
didn't win but still felt great I was nominated. I appreciate your support & votes. We'll get em next year :)
What did you expect BITCH
Justin Tuck was the MVP. If you watched the video or listen to the show you also know that I'm a Manning fan...
On the fuckin mans I hate wall lockers
RT Thank God Beyonce had her baby and can go back to work. For past 6 months family's had to live entirely on Jay-Z's salary.
So we were so close on our upset call for game one. Whats your prediction for tonight!? Mavs? Thunder?
exactly, and hold back from friends imo, i won't tell a friend something that i heard that will hurt
Um, yeah. Pretty much.
I just might take it there ;)
Q: Is wireless the same as satellite? A: Unlike satellite which transmits into space, we are transmitting only a few miles
lol. Do YOU think it'll end?
Ain't been on this mf in a min
This man is cursing at the shuttle as he's going down a 1-way street -___-
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do
Regular price tickets to Tanzania are $1890 but with a late-purchase discount via tripadvisor on Turkish airways only $1130!
I'm ready for an extra large with every topping imaginable.
Members Card Pacers -2 (50 units)
that's cool:)
Z I need more sleep or more caffeine....hm?
Where are my lasertacos? Or was that just a pretty lie?
Happy Earth Day!
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
what's going on, addings workouts, nutrition database etc. is all hosed
"It's not denial, I'm just very selective about the reality I accept."
Haha. The best part about Mondays!
oh god. Why do I know you
“: Getting high” and then getting some fucking cheeseburgers huh Randy
Happy Birthday It was great meeting you last week.
- Indian School and east of the 101, but we got in big trouble by the tribe, so it's not a suggested location :(
Had a great gallery crawl Saturday through the LES and the Bowery w/ Thanks for organizing a great event!
which reminds me that I have to try the new cider made.
The laws of physics don't apply to cats.
You know I will. :)
YEAH BUDDY ROLLING LIKE A BIG SHOT *preppy voice* im gangster yo. <--- u miss me(:
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
NICE!!!! Good luck and make sure to smoosh Snook...haha
only way to wear it in my opinion!
Do you think it's ok for people to call men dicks/assholes/pricks/jerkoffs or what have you? Not being argumentative. Curious.
RT For those that missed the last Saturday, this is 7 hours of serving beer in 1 minute
I've been back in LA for 2 days and I'm coughing so much! Smog alert!!
Thanks for Following! I love to connect with RVA tweeps!
U JELLY HATER.
“: Good mornin everyone!!!!!”good morn
Day 6 lunch: avocado and yellow pepper, salt and pepper, olive oil.
Starting up a personal FB page world!!!! Don't get offended if you are not on that page. This one is for close friends and family.
RT : "I am responsible for accepting or choosing the values by which I live." - bell hooks
Hair appointment at 10. 💇👍
obviously. He choked.
RT : View yourself and the world with compassion and understanding
Well aren't you a smart one!
#elementaryschoolmemories Heads down, thumbs up!
There were like 15 parts left out and that was VERY disappointing! That made me mad! It was very confusing. :/
Jaguars GM Gene Smith compares punter Bryan Anger to Shane Lechler. For a 3rd round pick, he better be.
#GWWiseAgg is the only venture-backable idea, judging by the program
We get it that you made good grades...now #stfu and quit making every post about how great you and your grades are.
Hilarious! Unfortunately, you are probably right!
“: Raisins are my new addiction.”
When I have my first daughter, I'm naming her esabella.
First knitting after busy week at #drupalchi: turning the heel on Cat Bordhi's Dove socks.
Had the overwhelming urge to systematically reorganize every closet in my house. Weirdest mood ever.
Fucking Vorlons. Why can't they just say what they mean? I think they are brain damaged.
I need the whole bottle lol RT : I need a drank *in my voice*
when it's 95 degrees out, it seems appropriate
Hah! That was sneaked in as my "you said it" mum's day, surprise ;-)
Libraries as America's rest stops
kids contests sweepstakes
RT RT : Hide ya kids, hide ya wife, hide any and all fire extinguishers.
ok...I have you in the books for Dec 13th!!
#MurrayState -- Congratulations on today's victory, but you ruined a part of my bracket.
Yeah I wasted money...
What's more depressing than the people waiting for the last train at Penn back to Jersey? Nothing.
Doing my favorite arm workout this afternoon: kneading bread dough.
i know! Theyre too perfect!!!
RT : Strive for excellence dear. U2
Totally should've won the Mellow pool. Thanks, Bodemeister!
Good to hear, thank youRT : Getting lots of very positive feedback from my peeps and tweeps!
The issue with Liverpool is that midfield tired out and they have no one to bring on. Bellamy and Carroll weren't answer as subs.
can you dm justin bieber for me ?
couldnt have said it better.
I am up and about to call it a night in the D
I would like to wish my very good friend a very Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy Birthday!!!!
A homeless man asked me if it was a clean needle I said prob not and this isnt africa I think youll be ok
lol. awww I feel so special.
hahaha ya (; get on our level!!
Congratulations for a wonderful event! Evodie, a 9th grader at #DigitalHarbor & a student kicked it off.
lmao true, except for the casillas girls
She's the best
If the #NBAowners really want competitive balance (as they say), the issue seems less about #bri than about the "system issues."
Brilliant - and in June we're profiled on your landing page? Yes? Please? ;)
": instagram "ok will follow I'm asiadiamond
#TurnOff if all you do is call me and talk bout sex
are you kidding me? Let me get this straight, you put your life on the line and these ass lickers get to question your actions?
Umm, so the guy using the coat hanger to get into the car, got it open, took out a backpack and then took off in the car next to it....
Thug life
I just saw you like freaking 4 hours ago! #BUT i freakin #missyou !
a developer bought the property that has the oldest bar in Miami...I think we can all assume a tear down of the legendary
Why was there no one on hand with a tissue?!
James Cameron Edits ‘Titanic 3D’ to Fix Inaccuracies in Night’s Sky
Oh it is! The proof is in the !
make that 28 fulltime - I forgot to include and myself. whoops ^dw
idk ewe haven't heard anything and he went in at 12:30
A "collective intelligence" approach to achieve more in life at www.IamINC.biz!!
It's the joomla way! Booze & community I'm self medicating.
Everyone has a story worth telling.
i need to sleep to it's 8am... :s gone be dead tomorrow. neways ttys.
smh... Your still new
Reds vs. Indians pre-season baseball. Countdown to the regular season has begun.
No Hornswoggle tonight! This entrance is back to normal. THANK THE LORD!
ABC News confirms Rick Santorum is suspending his campaign
No the hell i didnt dude .... that was Andy xD
Trouble in my way I have to cry sometimes I lay awake a night but that's alright I know Jesus will fix it after while.
lol that's great!
however, it's a great pacifier for most adults
She really left :/
I AM GOING PRODUCE SOME REALLY GOOD SHOWS SOON
I suddenly have a strong urge to play duck hunt.
I'm more confused than an infant in a titty bar.
I'm not a fan, i'm a mahomie. I'm not in a fandom, i'm in a family. I'm not obsessed, i'm dedicated. My love for Austin is infinite<3
There is no such thing as a perfect leader either in the past or present, in China or elsewhere
Presented my #GIS project to the board with great approval! Now onto the convening tomorrow! Exciting!
You know you're getting old when you start getting "family" xmas cards from your friends.
God please just help me out.
Thanks for all of those who attended our Fathers day event!! It was a success!!
RT : "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Robert Frost
Players in digital literacy: 89% of public libraries provide formal or informal technology training to library patrons.
Okay maybe Channel can come to that. I am gonna be at KAA all summer so I wont make that but I can in the fall!
Due to the wildfire in the Washoe Valley area, a decisions made to evacuate all Pleasant Valley ES student to Damonte Ranch High School...
Nick Clegg's looked pretty bored for a long time now.
Lol, let me go look. Maybe I missed it!
watching MIB II over and over ti get ready for the new one.
<---- Is going to listen to some LA sports talk radio for the LULZ
2 sounds good, at Cafe Angelique? I'm kinda short on $ right now, coffee is about the extent of my budget. :-)
Mine are June,May,&December.Septembers okay.I hate going back to school tho!:(
YO IN IT GURL ! LOL XD IM ALSO EDITING #EVILSIRI TONIGHT!!!! I CANT WAIT TO FINISH IT! BUT IDK WHEN.... D: BUT SOON!!
Wind and rain last night swept away the snow. Maples budding - may not have much time left to collect sap before seasons over.
Want $4 off on any 18” pizza? Just give us a call, we’ll make it happen!
Incompentent When you earnestly believe you can compensate for a lack of skill by doubling your efforts there's no end to what you can't do.
Filming my first ever commercial today...for a local pharmacy. Starring in it!
and tonight>>> You guys actually made me cry a little more then i wanted too.
no problem!!
want to sponsor a blogger with a laptop? While enroute to project, TSA agent killed my laptop. No laptop now! Help
What is your favorite hot air balloon this year?
good song.
The value of a woman is worth more than gold.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. ~ Oprah Winfrey
Hey Bay Area, we have a ticket giveaway coming up for a show ! Stay tuned...
Watching the #MayweatherCotto fight wtf with Justin he looks wasted
Movie night:)
Not complaining..... But it's actually weird knowing I won't be going back to Kent.
Come on we need this win, getting to far behind in the east!
cheers! RT Appreciate all the contest support! Looking forward to some home transformations :)
OH MY GOD. i just had a heart attack. I LItterally threw my laptop across my bed!!!!!
I have never had a manicure or pedicure. Ever.
Happy Easter <33
I hope the girl I tried to save from getting an MIP, PI, DWI, or whatever made it home safely...she was gone!
i love that book. i got to see her speak at the la times book fest a few weeks ago.
watching Back to the Future on VH1.. best thing since Pop Up Video ;)
Hi Rihanna, can I punch you in the face for old time sake??
#20ThingsAboutMe im protective over whats mine, i will fuck you up over someone i love, or some good food lmao
the nightmares continue... tonight was Transformers and dinosaurs... complete with txt mssg from Optimus Prime. DONT LAUGH it was scarey.
Thank you for all your support!!
That i would actually be ok with
Hey you . What's up ? How have you been ?
Watching "The Killing" and fascinated by its Seattle geography.
hello world
Yeah? Like mega meltdown fail or just vanilla no progress fail?
yes I speak Spanish why??
pook!!! how the H are you jeffjam?? how is Create WV? Methodology? and YOU??? spill the beans sir
so did that this morning! Classic
Please give us a hint on when "Perfect Strangers" will be out on iTunes!! <3 the song so much!
No known positions or experience on other issues. "Issues" page on his website is all boilerplate, could be anybody.
lol good move.
RT : God just drafted himself a hall of famer
thanks for knowing it's a busy tone, people keep calling it "that beeping noise"
End of the world. Bring it on!
Leftists are saying they stayed home last night because they liked both candidates. They can prove it in a month.
You should go to the gym to the top top and check if my sunglasses are there please. I went to my cousins thing yesterday and
...Then she asked if I've taken a shower with a guy before. Is this fucking real life? a) I don't want to hear about your boobs b) Bye bye
Happy bday to Joel Ayala from and
You should do that.
Can u 4 a moment imagine what this world would be like if everyone treat people the way they would want to be treated
ha, I'm willing to watch it again. Unlike QoS, I didn't get enraged all over again.
thank you for the follow back
I am pushing to assist small businesses become more profitable (for all involved). Not just the owners. Success must become the culture!!!
HEY THE GLEE PROJECT STARTS ON JUNE 5TH. WOO.
Can't wait til Karma smacks her in her busted face
Val, why don't I see my favorite roller babe anymore? Let's get some lunch next week.
Since when did the NCAA become the Catholic Church?!
so what did you do ? they are blaming it on me
We are indeed a pampered society. BAM! Thanks I'll be here all week.
We might be past that point :) RT : Are the #Patriots aiming to score a point for every degree it is outside? I LOVE IT
Big things piping
sorry! Imma call u tom! Ive been only free this time of day and im pretty sure its too late to call !!! :/
It's on! See you in Milwaukee, baby animals ... oh and alumni & friends too
Just read someone described as a "serial blogger". That's generally how blogging works, right?
they cheat'n the giants...
Biggest problem atm is boys
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to stare, I just couldn't help but notice how much you look like my next boyfriend(; Lmao
- Love the new CD Kirk. I've been a musical admirer of yours since , Floppy Disk, in 1985
want some m&ms then? they're like skittles except they have chocolate and they have m's on them. ;-)
Great!! Please recommend some of the top MFA programs. I am considering a MFA degree as well :-)
#GoCards baby.RT #MSU LOSS blew up a lot of Brackets.
Don't let Monday get you down... Our Happy Hour is the place to be tonight from 5-8PM!
you are my most favorite time killer.
Hahah me!!!! I'm laying in bed can't sleep!!!
New favorite Kaizen sushi roll is the Hot Night roll!! You make all kinds of noise when you're eating it!
Ha! Thanks for the Mouthing Off shout out in this week's Weekly Yelp!
Any advice on the best resources for learning iOS programming?
wait wahhhhh? what we talkin bout?
RT : Thanks for all of your feedback #KingsFans! We have 55 reasons for #IsaiahROY, what's yours?
Re: query letters being arbitrary, begging, & unpleasant. Much better answer than I'm just too lazy to do it!
is a mentality!
I totally agree! Ugh...
My last college performance ever!!!
some folks are so mean and snarky on here. i mean every tweet is rudeness.
LM restaurant in Chicago last night! Great Meal! veal tenderloin but the suprise of the night was the tempura snail! yummy! locals checkit
why the moon?? I want Pluto!!!!
party this weekend ???
Sometimes the answer really is "go #$%& yourself" just saying
Nope, only in print. Pick one up in the nearest building on campus :)
MTV is to music as KFC is to chicken. -Lewis Black
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! Come Listen/Download/Purchase Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
-Ok, that got a genuine LOL outta me.
It actually tasted like so much cheese and grease that I wouldn't be able to TASTE Snookie's fetus in there. Not bad though.
And this surprises you why?
Going to the $2 movies! Someone should go!?
nah not rotten he sipping away on a few buds here he was very disappointed nobody would go out
Will also need a PhD to hear all the teams problems...and a flask to wash them all away.
I can`t stand the rain Against my window Bringing back sweet memories
Nothing cleanses, builds character like walking in the rain... unless you hear thunder. Walking in a thunderstorm: bad idea.
I love it when patrons at the grocery store feel up the produce.
maybe he will if i see him again! Or if i tweet him constantly...
(cont.) million dollar football complex. At least we got our priorities straight
do you have your hospital socks on upside down? ;)
haha :) i'm glad to hear that you are keeping well and enjoying your holidays from school :) xx
Thinking about Good Friday.
what are you doing
Not a fan of Travis Porter, all they do is make tracks to get girls to dance and they dont even spit in their songs
hey no worries and congrats man!! What a fantastic Xmas present for your family
yeah ikr?:D I'm in Florida and I hate it!
''Going 7-59 like we did is not what we planned on doing,'' - Gerald Henderson
skype date soon? I'm missing my sister
I think that is the plan, but I would certainly appreciate ur campaigning on my behalf to TH/CL when u see them this year. ;)
But i thought had all the knowledge wisdom & understanding any1 could need. #ArmLegLegArmHead my brotha
They'll offer you $5k to stop being so judgmental : Dear Balls: I am prepared to offer you $5,000 to stop sweating. Think it over.
You're welcome :)
One of my local favorites! Get the Eggs Benedict! We're going to the Log Cabin instead.
Too much caffeine and sugar this a.m., but still being super productive with
watching your ustream, DUH! ;D
Nice workout today! I am working my way back.
what time do you get out
Lovely! RT : Don't miss this beautiful wedding at Celebrations by Turnip Rose! Thank you Leah Lee Photography, It Should...
little extra always makes the big difference ;b
I read somewhere that has 'up to 4 player' parties/groups. Does that still qualify the much-anticipated title as an MMORPG?
I can't change the direction of the wind but i can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
This is very good to know about!
Eugene and weird is synonymous with each other. It even has its own twitter page haha.
Now #oomf hurt and i can feel the pain and another #oomf don't even know whats goin on
The Hunger Games was great !
Anyone wanna hit me up??? ask for the nummmm
Just saw that Nokia stores in NYC & Chicago are closing early 2010. W/ severely limited smart phone manufacturing too, anyone worried?
Good day<3
Uh.. Asking *at all* is too much?
yeap! Its good though, I enjoy change and I'm looking forward to the year. Trying to wrap my brain around it :)
do ya thing ma u got that :)
Touchdown! We love Gates!
You're welcome!
We are an powered company. #GoogleApps email, contacts, calendaring #GoogleVoice phones. We love !!!
High as a light bill
next saturday night, we'll lick them aaaaaallllll again
I am always in such a good mood now☺🙏
Time heals all
She said I didn't hit that but only you believe her
You are awesome. Thank you so much!
Shout out to ! Thank you for the follow. BTW, that was a great idea to put that pole in your living room :)
ah she's awesome! Looks happy :). Love the collar.
A few more "#ff because..." coming up!
We're at Tipitinas tomorrow night show starts at 8:30
Just leave us alone ok?!! God im not in your life anymore so get out of my buisness !!
I voted for The Edge of Glory, why does it say I voted for undefined?
we would be in control though, instead of buying it.. We grow it!
The #prettiest smiles hide the deepest #secrets The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the #kindest hearts have felt the most pain
Yo Uncle over here doing the most. He asked me did I steal $160 and give it to Rochelle. I was like dud I don't know her!
hey, shoot me an e-mail or DM me with your e-mail. I may have a resource for you depending on the time commit.
Thanks for the RT!
I nv knew ILVU so much but ILU enough2let U go I hope W/E U end up with make u happy, if he break yourheart Ibreak his face
that sounds like a perfect order! Wait...what about shopping?! At least for some more yarn...lol!
Yepp we do very very soon!I g2g.Talk to you later(((: Love ya.<3
Filming more #2minutesWithTheCurator this AM Here's on the camera! These will be in the gallery soon.
what...Univision is Hispanic...what? what? omg yes. MY CULTURE GETS SOME THE WANTED
.moving on will hurt for now but will feel better later when true love comes around ....
so true. I hate being tagged in the stupid spam tweets that you can't de-tag!
Awesome! Excited to try polish. Follow me so I can DM.
Great to see students showcasing their Clinical and Translational Science projects.
The bandmates Twitter accounts coming tomorrow:
I'm not sure how you came up with that but it sounds pretty close. lol
Thanks for pointing that out! It IS available in US. I shall change. :)
LOL You hypocrite :)
i really hate my school forreal
talk to me when you get up near 7... I confess I lost my composure on THAT occasion!
At times Viditza will tell you stuff that you probably want to know about. Other times, it might ask you to do something.
It's one of those weeks when you just have to listen to the entire Beatles catalog from start to finish.
How did I manage to spend so much time listening to epitaph compilations when I was in high school what was wrong with me
Post holiday blues? Winter blahs? Come eat pizza with us!
Soo Young Riwh-very interesting articles on credibility assessment
That which served you may now be limiting...Be open to change!
RT : #whyobamaislate Finding a Captain America costume in Obama's size at 11pm on a Sunday night in DC isn't easy, guys.
yes yes yes
Pray for me.. It's P90X time!!
We tailor our program of care based on the needs of the elderly person & are flexible to change our care program as different needs arise
Skins UK <3
I don't know how any could listen to Tool's 10,000 Days and not hear an artistic masterpiece.....
Percentage of my calories today that came from gin = a whole bunch. #ArtOfMixology class FTW!! (Blog coming this evening!!)
Dam foo we did one time tho you won it
Anupam Gupta: "What can you do w online video? Measure sales lift? Increase awareness or intent? That's what's important"
One time for them bad bitches. Where them bad bitches at
It's in the plan. Enjoy yourself as well.
Puppy time!
haven't found them as effective as Facebook Ads
Husband bought "juice drink blend" instead of 100% juice. Why does he constantly act like its his first day here
Precisely. Brutal night. #BabyNoLikeyDairy RT : (OR HAVE A NEWBORN)
all you beautiful freak, grab somebody and light the place up
The Hunt For Red October in my pants
Seem to have blown out my good ear. It's that time of year, I guess.
Baby you can do better
Clearly I need to get my tail over there.
RT : best nonpartisan reason to celebrate today #happybirthdaybella it's 4th birthday of #Santorum daughter Bella
Wow! Thank you for sharing :)
SHUT UP. Piece of shaaaat.
The NY Football Giants are the Egg McMuffin of the NFC!
Salome Cardinal sings Fado tonight and tomorrow night ...
If you come down to you can try our chile verde- pork cooked in a green tomatillo sauce!
I take it that youre not in GA with S. Dot?
I <3 U MORE
not one bit..
Thanks for the first-day-on-twitter love!
I think now that im over squishy i am more sane. But somehow i still miss him
No i Bye ya me quitaron la comppu Bye
This is great! My mini-fashionista's 2nd birthday party will be a bunny/Easter theme next month so great ideas for me!
Happy birthday Grimmuleraaa!! Hope it's a fine time on the west coast!! We'll see you in just a few wks! Can't wait! +VP
Thanks. Happy holidays!
o yea! I know what :)
Two pitches and Andy Pettitte has his out since 2010.
After a great weekend, back at it in the office. Happy Monday
Up bout to bbq ribs for my coworks n french toast for me n liah
NYE 2morrow so time to eat all the crap I can! Yep my resolution is to live a healthier lifestyle! SInce moving to MI I've been slacking.
don't let em get comfortable lol
I LOVE UR TWEETS!!!
woo i started earning PTO!!! at the rate of 5 hrs/month. lol.
Looking forward to bringing residents of Sharp NSD to the 2nd Annual Women's Empowerment Conference. Stay tuned for a review!!!
I'm up like 2 hours early...
what up my friend! just wanted to say hello
omg!!! best episode of vampire diaries I've ever watched!!! amazing season finale!!! who watched it?!?
Us tall pretty girls need to stick together lol.
Irish Creme Shamrock truffles are rockin' it for St. Patty's Day!
Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity. – World Health...
what is your favorite novel/book you have read which was originally written in a language other than your own?
We need to have a chat and catch up sometime, but remind me to ask what that means/discuss it. Can't ask what I want in 140char
keep doing your thing I like that ish. Hit me up we should collab.
Shooting "Felici e Contenti" it s finished!!now let s pack for LA! # satisfaction
BEST SANDWICH YOU'LL HAVE ALL WEEK: Caprese Chicken Sandwich on Ciabatta! Fresh Basil, Fresh Motz, Tomato, Balsamic and roasted tomato mayo!
I hate when distressing things happen & it's on ur mind - but all these little annoying things come at you too. Ugh, got bigger fish to fry!
Needs an age requirement! lol. RT : Does grown & sexy have an age limit
Not caring what other people think is the best choice you will ever make..
Big kudos go out to our super awesome C2 talent for their hard work and dedication. Thanks to all who came to our Talent Appreciation party!
Every girl's crazy bout a sharp-dressed man.
regardless of what happens I am sure he will always be proud of u
when will you be at Az??
your blowing up 's phone
City Gear, City Gear, wants to she you smile! So come on in and get our great deals 20% AL Clearance Clothes this deal all weekend
Johnny Mac
-- Welcome to Twitter!
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!! Told my mom to listen to me play ON-AIR on from 1p-3p! Hi Mom!!
Haha I love you
I think I hate every show the Food Network advertises.
I think i miss placed my $50 bucks or some1 bitch stoled it. >:︴
RT if u hate folding clothes.!!
So nice to live in a country where my Sunday coffee shop and dinner out rituals are never thwarted by Easter Bunnies and their evil ways.
- we are trying to organize a debate with the Gray for Mayor camp. Can you help?
Sometimes I wish I could eat raw beef and not die. It looks so delicious.
All the classy people
glue sticks can still make it more fun! ;). I'm sure it will be great when it's all done!
If any of you, ever had any legit questions of anything deep..you need to check out this, "A Druid's Year" peice I stumbled apon! Go to..
Giants are in the superbowl!! Time to party in New York!!!!
Check out music from LA & #austin pal before the shows tonight @ #moontower. 8PM & 10:30PM.
Taking my youngest to practice
Peeped u on First Take last week.
The trait for baldness can be passed down through paternal or maternal genes.
in LA where I live its a stretch living on $150 a day.
Some of us find our lives abridged even before the paperback comes out. - Berkeley Breathed
happy to see you here.
and you are one of them that isn't normal...
My favorite! Ok, a favorite...
Being a #mahomie is a forever thing.
the Olympic mascots are 2 one eyed monsters, way to be dicks about it London.
That's why I never backed the song up or had in my online catalog. How you gone burn a bridge with a free beat? Haha
This will be the first mothers day with out my mom.:((
Forget about A-Rod hitting #600...more importantly the Yankees need to win their games, they are now a game behind the Rays!
Not everyone is who they say they are.
is cooking up a storm in the kitchen
I eat fries at least once a day..... I need to stop this habit!
nba playoffs = great basketball
Where was the play on the ball?
Who's up for FA next year? RT : just a gut feeling. very well could be wrong
its worse around grapevine
55 things you can learn about a guy in less than 10 minutes coming up at 7:55 with Baltazar & Nina
I applaud your efforts But it ain't looking good.
we start shooting tomorrow. it has been a long time coming
TRUE THAT :-)
Via their stuff of course. I suspect this kind of can ed program is useful when the theatre of graumw
30% off select items with an additional 20% off your purchase if you sign up for our mailing list!!! Hurry now only thru Friday!!!
What should we value? I have a tip: go for love. Because love-of your work,o f your family and friends-passes the ultimate currency test.
I am most certainly NOT about to go to an underground bingo party
thanks man, yeah Rasmus is the man, and I'm going to have lunch at fiskebar for sure.
Giving blood today (not my own).
Tahaa great workout :))
Getting ready to crush grapes and opponents at the Murphys Grape Stomp!
I don't care how lame it is, I am incredibly excited to see Titanic in theaters again.
Stand Up, and Little Miss would be 2 of my favorite songs by Come On give me them tickets...
Thanks for the RT, but mostly thanks for your news coverage!
That is a flat-out incredible image...
cant wait to see #CattleDecapitation in April! #METAL !! \m/
Finish your draft. Look at it. Feel like Faulkner for ten minutes. Give it a week. Look at it again. Feel like crap for ten months.
Love working so I don't see my mom on mothers day...
Love this one! <3
Cool. It is a pain.
awesome can't wait I get to take his bar v.card!! Well at least legal bar v.card.
Congrats to ! Well deserved and glad it was in the end if it couldn't be :)
Got that swagg that makes girls go weak in the knees.
Travel insurance can ease the pain of a vacation marred by a medical emergency - Washington Post
Sounds like a great day!
Just landed in Norfolk!! Rain :)
There was a storm???
what do you think of the health care bill released today?
i thought we saw them on the 11th? :L
What goes well with Public Online Information Act? CITABILITY! It is like chocolate and peanut butter!
[Human beings] will begin to recover the moment we take art as seriously as physics, chemistry or money.
we love u too <3 im from colombia but i live in boston,ma and i hop u cam back :)
RT : Remember when you paid $15-$20 for a novel? Now you can get GREAT novels for under $5! Support your favorite indie...
Lakewood Cash Mob loved Barocco Grill!
Very proud of staffers this week, every single person worked hard to bring Ohio some big stories
For Alumni Assoc. Life Members who plan to park at Alumni Hall on football gameday, we will tweet when the lot is full.
RT : I didn't remember your birthday... I just noticed your name in the upper right corner of my Facebook page...
And talking to nick and conner about random shit. XD
I LOVE baked sweet potato juice!!
TONIGHT - FOUR BEAT CLOVER with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Beufie, Turtlefeet, DJ Dexter & Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!31
Thank goodness George Washington isn't here to see this. He'd be all sorts of pissed off.
nope just nacho... I prefer cooler ranch my self
Even injured, Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas are the best on #DWTS!
“: #racistchristmassongs Blue Christmas
the heat has cooked my brain cells... I am dumber than usual at the moment
we'll figure it out
Happy Easter!!:)
haha I talk to my mom an average of 5-6 times a day LOL
Latinos attending SXSW active in digital media gathering together under "The Social Revolución"
never to early to ask about SAA - I'll be going
Love your bio, had to follow you back! :)
Watchin SummerSlam '95!! Undertaker VS The undertaker.. I got my money on The undertaker.
What a week! No rest for the weary (or wicked)-headed to London for local edition of Cloud Identity Summit and press/analyst meet ups.
I need to text you do you have your phone.?
and don't forget Sigur Ros! ;)
You should! It's amazing!! Glad to chat today... looking forward to it! xo
You know what...fuckin gross....lahhhhh
Out to breakfast with the mommy at Petit Provence on Alberta
Just watched "Milk." So good. I cried. Also, thinking about growing a moustache.
Celebrating my one month with #lovers 😘
Tweets, just curious - what is YOUR definition of social media?
Chain smoking while Noah gets his hair cut >
IB nick or Mikey
3 #hospital Patient needed renal dialysis but was told room at ER is being used by another patient. Patient need tube feeding, con't
love this! thanks for the RT
I don't look good in any of those either...fml
No, Pittsburgh will continue to be graced with my presence, just moving to a new apt.
Mother's day is tomorrow, and no I'm in the US. :) x
The first accomplish everything; the second oppose everything; the third fail in everything. Eclectic Magazine
haven't heard about this yet
This weather SUCKS
Happy Birthday to a wonderful guy,a badass drummer & a friend! Ulysses S. Owens Jr.
The perfect boyfriend doesn't drink, doesn't smoke, doesn't cheat... and doesn't exist.
im so lonely
Good to get the first one out the way, on to the next one
Well, for the rest of the office it's Friday. For me it's just another Thursday. That's okay though, I'm sure I'll enjoy the quiet tomorrow.
is that anywhere near the Copacabana? You kno B Manilow style?
childrens garden winner goes to one of the gardens that we judged! woohoo
When pipes freeze they often times burst, when that happens give us a call we can help you. (414) 354-7566
- Have not heard anything yet from the Registrar - will post as soon as we get word
The Ability to Convert ideas to things is the Secret to Outward Success.
work is without today! :(
#FOG tonight at Sutton woo
Authoring a 4-disc DVD set for a TV show today/tomorrow. Mastering a couple songs for Dropjaw today to amongst other things...
haha good dog and great owner
Im be Humble until I get it... Yeah Buddy #TeamGo&GetIt & #TeamHusleHard He He!!!
<<<<< My Last Tweet Tho
Vince Vaughn? That movie is epic!
#ATouraine doesnt use gender in his1969 analysis, but leisure & consumption, marked as feminine in modernity, invoke gender 4 21st C reader
Yep, since we'll already be in VA (in Norfolk). If I remember correctly, Jeffrey and Jackson share a birthday!
Yay for schnecken! I'm excited.
Jus passed that test.
& im getting my phone white .. that shit will be sexy af
My morning plans morphed from going to the gym to going to the donut shop then to go look for some new shoes. I like how my brain works.
scrolling through my contacts to see who I can text. I think everyone is sleeping lol
Something has to go wrong soon, because this is going way too well....
Moving forward Swiftly & Smoothly!
Wow Charles Barkley said he's taking the Lakers over the Thunder! Did not expect to hear that at all from here!
do you think the blood rushes to the heads of the Eagles D ends while they are in that stance?
Thank you! So very nervous. Will it be through email, or a call? I feel like I'm holding my breath.
And it's raining like a Mfer in Goldsboro Nc
I love 19 Action News Live Stream.
