Two days of filming down....4 to go!! I am SO PROUD of my cast!! They are OUTSTANDING!!
butch car + gay color I love it
Ci... http://./public_html/administrator/components/com_feedgator/news/texas-news/central-texas-news/item/15255-city-manager-may-get-a-bonus
his are the best
hey its augie remember me?
RT if you can't wait for 2012 <3
lol not Homy Ghost, was the audience doing the fast clap?
And now I get to watch my sister shop. FUN!
Thanks for the shoutout ! Can we get a #FollowBack ???
yes yes they are... Lmao
LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all♥ 2
I got nuthin'.
I am so MAD about who got voted off American Idol!
watched all streaming episodes, can't wait for the new ones
People that dis on are jeleous cuz they cant ball like him! Let's go rebels! #let'srun
you should come to the orlando marble slab. then i can meet you! :)
Purely as a mental exercise, if Sanders turned SD around, and BD turns it again, that sounds bad.
Anyone know what night the #Grammys are on? Looking forward to missing them again this year (and next year and the year after that).
....So in my lesson learned - I hope that no one that has followed me understands why I have not followed back - Twitter has chained me.
yeah dude Priscilla packed me a snack and everything! I aired up my ball!! Hahaha naw kidding I've been xboxin this bitch up
~I don't know what's worse: people who lie or people who think I am stupid enough to believe the lies~
Make #savelapl trend so everyone knows about the rally. Really need this.
Hi!! I've done that, too! D'oh.
Dessert looks DELISH! Hope you enjoyed it...
for sure. I'll get back to you on that.
what was the reason before 2010??
Wake up stds by asking why they came to school - if "had to" is heard, change their psyche to "wanted to" via your actions.
FREE BEER TASTING & Live music & POP's cheesesteaks with premiere amateur Fighting at South Point FIST-IVAL tomorrow, 4/7; 4-10p. Be there!
I dislike AR for that reason. Who cares if they don't "comprehend" it all, let them enjoy!
Love the infographic. ("normal" people)
make sure to check out and
If you never give your heart fully, you'll never be fully disappointed.
This is the end of a chapter not the story of my life. It's not over until God closes his book upon Jesus return.
~Thx for the thx! Last night I thought, "why did I post that?"but that TIM+TOM is honored by Tim made me feel better about it ~
aah sorry ... just joking with ya. :)
RT : A beautiful life does not just happen, it is built daily by prayer, humility, sacrifice and love. Dennis Castillo
Back pain? Call Dr. Black.
": The only thing I need from you now, is solitude."
How is it? Saw the flavor and was wondering if it was based on the Dolly Madison snack. I see from the description that it is!
I don't subscribe to the whole reptilian humanoid conspiracy theory, but if anyone is a reptilian humanoid it is Jon Hamm.
HELLO!!! TWITTER WORLD!
You forgot a comma after "resolution."
admit it. you've atleast once done 'the duck face'. 'nuff said.
Hogg: Key to metadata policies in the cloud is to have strong, defined, validated service level agreements.
Ray Negron and Joe Stiglitz today, Manil Suri tomorrow -- it's sales conference week!
#AAM2012, May 1, 9AM, Copyrights, Wrongs, & the Creative Commons: panel presentations from , MIA, U of M, Yale, and Columbia.
their sound makes them current ( as do their collaborators, who ought be used sparingly), but their songs make them relevant.
You may delay, but time will not. Benjamin Franklin
Anyone wants to commute together to #SWRedmond from Downtown Bellevue at 6pm?
that's too much doe
CSU-Pueblo servers down during finals week
hey bro, I just joined my 1st dynasty lg and its a start up too. Im thinking its a diff stategy than normal? Watcha think?
Belief, disbelief: // each the same false relief: // unknowable truth
Yeah I know. I was so confused I guess I don't really need closure.
yes! Ill eat my own baby food
Great photo of 16th Probably an advantage for players like me. Aim for bunker, land somewhere nearby (on green!)
50% of teachers leave within 5 years!! The discussion now is WHY????
Someone sent me a reference request in Dutch. I do not speak Dutch.
Yes only Tweet 100 limit time that it
IAN McCULLOCH has new album in the works. (I, for one, always preferred Big Mac's solo work) NYC show at Le Poisson Rouge on sale now!
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldn't find anyone to copy it from
Good Morning #NYC! I'm sick, but not down...well, not exactly up yet. Getting up soon.
any hard copies of the new mixtape? if so where at?
nyquil...my one shot of the night
This is hands down the worst officiating I have ever seen in the nfl. God awful.
I am INCREDIBLY irritated by the people in my house. LEAVE PLEASE. x
The bot that's following me has a disturbing pic; can some new bots follow me so it gets bumped off my Twitter frontpage?
talks about her mentors at #upstream2012. So great to have a mentor!
The person that factors receivables is called a “Factor” and the individual or business that works with a “Factor” is called the “Client”
do u have a feel for the breakdown of first time scripts to refills for an average pharmacy? Avg Wait times?
I think everyone else is just wrong.
I think twitter is the perfect place to go to be "in the loop" and know what's going on in the world,
Welcome to the Canyon China, Welcome to the boat , Our best whises to Minneapolis, welcome aboard.
You know it sister. Gerry and I will be there around 10
aw its adorable :) :)
Oh crap ite
I returned to Facebook just to help me find a place to crash and already it's probably sucked 15 minutes away from me.
Thank you for RTs. We are just trying to bring attention to this problem.
Check out #PencilChat for a funny (but powerful) analogy for technology integration in education.
real enough for me 😉
RT : I'm at The Ritz-Carlton (Dallas, TX) // One of my heroes is in town and no way for me to meet him. :( Have a good visit, Woz!
Spring into a NEW U w/ a NEW 'DO! Go 2 www.drwiggys.com & view R gallery & call 855-DRWIGGY 4 a free consultation or email
New office is officially "mine"--put my nameplate up. With double-sided tape, but up is up.
I had one but my country ass grandpa uses to threaten to eat it o.0 they make wonderful pets though
Saw Avengers. Great movie It was the blue eyes, right? My wife said she'd bail me for him too. Wtf? I'm taller..
the babies wanna hang
RT Polling time! Pic From San Antonio event #expertsystems >> COOL!
Do drugs tip you off when there's a sercret Foo Fighters gig?
Big thanks to Laurie Winters, Director of Exhibitions, ! So glad you were able to speak at "An Evening with the Arts"
See, that's just what they want you to think!
His drunk ass momma tho :/ ugh
I plan to be spontaneous.....tomorrow.
Im gonna kick butt playing legend of zelda today!! YEAHH!!!! \m/>_<\m/
Yeah I'm not crazy about the #NYRB coach. Watch #Agudelo really bloom with Chivas USA.
I can almost smell the new bodies just waiting to come inside the dungeon this year we are all waiting September 30th the fear begins!!!
Glad to have several new followers! Thank you
Last I checked, it was 5GB.. not three.
Have you talked to your momma yet?!
MVP...MVP...MVP! Joey Votto with the walk off win for the
I didn't know what the singer for looked like. Now I know, and I wouldn't have guessed. Not *bad*, just not what I might have expected
I believe those are three shot glasses in front of Speaker Boehner.
I think the NFL got it right in the severity of the suspensions of the 4 saints players, I now have ZERO respect for Johnathon Vilma
I find it hardest to be a human being when I've lost my internal footing - things don't come together - I don't feel centered - like now...
Can we send LASIK consultation coupons to the umpire staff in Boston?
sup merc i been listening to #pil2 album its too classic fuck politics
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
Watching AMA with my love
i'm not outta school yet
sick of wat
lets make sure to trend it before the day ends hahaha! xo
2 in 3 consumers say that their basic mobile or cell service is an untouchable item within their budget.
The #redsox right now are like those websites that throw huge full-page ads in your face every time you go to them. All flash, no substance
Nailed a spot in THATCamp Prime. I'm stoked!!!
you and me both!
Happy 4th everyone. Be safe!
good luck on dancing with stars hope you win it all i am voting and pulling for you
normally I would say yes, but today is Amy's bday so it is her day. Nice dinner then party at
": Your actions tell me what your mouth won't say" RT says it LOUD
Although I'm against the flu shot I'll get it for you
nothings better then bein sick and eating a bowl of cereal and watching the looney tunes!! :D
see ya Saturday?
Glad to hear it! :)
MOTHER FUCKN FOLLOW ME :)
I remember the luxury of WATCHING movies. Now all I have time for is MAKING them. I miss it terribly, but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
network error, neither side took a loss. Gone be back on in a little while
I LOVE the dandelion wall painting and sun ceiling light!! Her room is going to be adorable!!
": NY RT : u in Miami or NY?" I'm either coming to NY or going 2 mia this wk. Depends on
I have the best boyfriend ever! His so sweet, loving, funny and clever! Shame his in my dreams though
I would vomit... again
An international conference of world leaders. It's the NATO conference.
Brandon Wright
....hates being given the short end of the rope!!!.
well, a lot of people have told me he uses singers for pocket money for hiself well when he has with Dylan and etc.
I have witness light skin privilege in the work place, but not at my current job. Their is light skin privilege in the CJ system.
Reminder to FOLLOW ME! Donating 50 dollars per 500 #followers to by easter! Help raise some money for a great cause
#HappyBirthdayMamaMahone hope you have a great day !
You should join us next Sunday!
she is just cruel! I'm sorry sweetie.
thanks for mention my friend
just said it was the most secret mission in US history. Ever heard of The Manhattan Project you FOOL!
Never do anything to get anyone jealous or mad etc etc...it will backfire on you sooner or later 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫
Haha. Sounds good!
Tried out Merzi-the new quick Indian place on 7th NW. Pretty good. Gave leftovers to guy on train who just got out of prison.
They have Axe for girls..
Wow you are AWESOME!
What does everyone think about the new Taylor Swift & The Civil Wars song Safe & Sound?
#ripple is just hours away from submitting our updated iPad app to Apple! Anyone want a sneak peek? :) Reply.
Lumberjill attempt failed! I was not able to throw the axe at a target:(
And Bolton scores to tie Stoke...
Just shot 3 under 69 at Bluff Creek. Now off to Lake Tonka Town to ski the night away
Ann Hood writing process: Write 2 hrs/day. Start w read prev day's work aloud & edit; then continue. Edit as go = less edit later.
Wow, you're getting around. Sound delicious!!
heeyyyy twitter!! Cant wait till tmr #saturday (:
Please welcome Randzoo to the Max life
stop touching yourself
I and I had SO hoped that I would be Eponine! Rats.
yea. Definitely
While I was driving my sister said "I'm gonna choke you when you stop the car." #SayWhat!
It's not so problematic w. Wilde because I have read almost everything he ever wrote. Reading all of Goethe would take me ~40 yrs.
Hey, thanks for the share!
possibly, 60% chance of rain and about 40, but I would be willing to 5 it.
I told her meet me in the bathroom. I fux her while the water running. #houseparty life yeeee
My Old High School Caught On Fire. ,:/
Getting ready for the first pub crawl that I've organized! The pubs are going to give us special discounts and I can't wait to hang out!
T3 Though costly now, is it short sighted to avoid the new? I don't want to save $ today at the expense of tomorrow's breakthrough
2 more days till weekend! Yay! Shit... what am I gonna wear?
RT In the future, we'll cross-breed Joseph Gordon Levitt & Zooey Deschanel to produce a human being unstoppable across Tumblr.
Hahaha SAME(: I Lovee Their Accents!! I Am Stalking Christian Beadles Pics On Facebook <3 Ah He Is So Gorgeous!
Uuggghhh i cannot believe I'm getting grounded for something i never did. This is soo wrong :((
Finally get to the hotel, me and my fam get into an elevator with 3 drunk assholes. They decide to press every single button. LMFAO
followed back xo
That was so fresh! Much appreciated. Glad to be on your team. Win 100 Grand. Atlanta supports team black, Escape Route.
K..TELL Mi BABY OCTAViUS i LOVE HiM!...💋
I have the power to create ANY interpretation of reality I choose. Today, I shift my perception and things shift for me.
An Alcohol Addiction: Definition Of Addiction
RT : Have the Courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. – Steve...
RT“ catch flights not feelings .”
not creepy. Would only be creepy if he picked it out for you lol
I got sorted into Slytherin on Pottermore. Well, Slytherin it is.
Happiness is Homemade
apparently there was a flea on rich peverly's face that needed hurting.
Soft raking flames of morning light illuminate ancient palempest of human life scribed into the manuscript of this green land.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Taking the MAT today. It's been a few years since my last standardized test, but at least this one is short and isn't the GRE. Wish me luck!
I was justifying it to myself by justifying it to you!
If stole is the past tense of steal, is "stoled" like a double negative? Double past tense, maybe?
Loe needs to sit for a long time-RR should know this-he pitches him too much. It was obvious tonight he didn't have his stuff.
today is going by so slow
As a guy who respects his game, glad he went to place he can play soon RT Great situation for you here... Hillman to Broncs
Im a #SavageBeast!!! With
: So far, so on par | “: is the only social platform that makes me laugh, smile, think and remember good times.”
Gap,Gap,Gap= God Answers Prayers!
sounds like a good plan to me! I'm sure will tell you the Manuel Antonio area rocks.
talk to your boy Burns about that one
Yep. I was ok with us taking the TD in that case. IN this one, the dude should have fallen down.
Hahaha I know right. SMH weak! Dev gets no love.
Just overheard: "I don't even remember what Dukakis looked like".
Falls Road Carry Out 4100 Falls Rd, Baltimore, MD. HOT STEAMED CRABS for dinner?
Gym swag
"California Cheese Rider"..
no problem man, we're glad you like it!
....you're the man. You get a humpback whale!
I have no idea who this kid #JordanyValdespin is but he just put the #Mets up over the #Phillies! Off #JonathanPapelbon no less!
....ALREADY... the most wonderful day ever, with warmest wishes from,me Tom Tomalin x (ps in the middle of seeing JLS rock my..
Thanks for following and Welcome!
Allow me to be your fortune cookie: "Beware the man with the little pee pee. Your lucky numbers: 15, 33, 4, 21, 22, 6."
An update for the iOS app is now available in the App Store! Go download it and don't forget to rate it 5 stars! ;)
LOVED PLL tonight!!! Although if I dont find out who A is soon i might have to go to rosewood and find out myself!
May sound like homer here but...interference...hit his body. Schenn left his feet too. Didn't hit his head.
Good! That kind of bias against women (and moms) drives me nuts. Lots of moms work in tech for crying out loud! :D
Pulling an all nighter to read this book and write a 6 pager
I said bye.
lol. I have no clue what you were talking about but Hell made me laugh lol
It's like, I don't want to keep texting them and risk them getting mad but I'm really anxious!
Sam Edelman, your beautiful sandals are not made for walking.
As As As As As Bitxh shut the Fuxk up ! yo booty stank ! (Only me) (:
Today is gonna be a good time. Gotta meet with some agents.
RT : If you'll only be home for Christmas in your dreams, I guess I can't count on you to help with the dishes.
I cant go to sleep now..... omfg <3
Thanks. This was a really good piece.
I feel like the photo of people playing Cricket in a non-descript Asian country is taunting me when I login to Twitter. BC I dont understand
You finished studying for the test?!
Push it two the limit.
will be hosting major events in the #DMV #TDOT #TX #CALIBAYBAY #NYC >>>>Follow Support our Troops!
I'll know more re: effectiveness when I read final papers. I couldn't tell what they were discussing from my vantage pt
Wife is talking about me working out. Somehow it doesn't sound right when she says "look at your little results" :/
I love it I love it I love the way you eat it.
90's were the years of the Locked Door parties. Ah, good times...
he wasn't, that's why I want to be friends with him.
Nice to see the Hart of the order come through in the clutch
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Colts owner Jim Irsay says the team is releasing quarterback Peyton Manning after a 14-year run that included one...
So excited to make the dress she won at #pivotboston!
Is it bad that I'm craving a Corna, better yet, a Panama?
also weird, when youre on the elevator and both ppl are clearly having that awkward moment of silence. It's polarizing lol
Listening to the new Malkmus album. So far, so good!
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
of course your moms cooking is good she learned from my mom
indiana smoking ban debate now under way in senate ...
No regrets thats what her tatt says
On the 15th of May, Eyals interview at KravTalk
How is going to a bar and having a couple drinks considered a relapse? Give Josh Hamilton a break
but fuck who u want and fuck who you like! THATS OUR LIFE NO END IN SIGHT!
Thank you! you're super cool Dave, not to mention cute. I'm in NY. would LOVE to see your standup act.
Robert Cunard Modeling Agent is getting a great response from his Episode of MTV HIRED! Thanks for all of the support guys!
More posters going up around #Nashville today for , , , and Greg Brown so keep your eyes peeled!
sweet! I can swing by around 1:30?
Aww thanks for the Love sis! I had fun with you yesterday. So much Light!
come on mavs! Durant just beat you with one shot!
Don't forget to send us your music so we can RT! Support the movement...
2012 a powerful year!! What better time than now to reinvent yourself!!
Great workweek. New contacts, new projects. Hello, golf; hello weekend. See you Tuesday.
Type 2 #diabetes is increasingly being diagnosed in children and adolescents.
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! XOX!
Bringing Goretorium to Las Vegas? Details please :) ... (Nick Karvounis )
You know what happens when you're a douche bag to every girl? You end up having to date an ugly or desperate girl because no one wants you.
Amazing day full of new initiatives and networking. #somuchtodosolittletime!
Ohio libraries: There is a problem with the AT&T connection--no ETA yet on fix. We'll try to keep you posted.
Well he is already hitting better than Janish!
Some people walked into my life and made it better, but you walked out and made my life super fantastic.
Free Screening: powerful story of #eatingdisorder, loss & hope catch it on 10-16 at jccmetrowest W Orange
Yeah Giants!! More importantly, my boss will be in a good mood tomorrow.
just admitted those were fouls
it looks like it is! Maybe it like the attention hah :)
I NEED you 2 come2 America I LOVE you, u have talent like no bodys business, and are beautiful and a role model
Give your memory a boost by trying something new. Learn a new language, meet new people, take a different path home from work.
we all have our ways x;D
You haven't spoken to me in weeks.
Channing Tatum rockin' the #Tribe cap. Nice!
New kid over for a playdate, and husband is cleaning guns at the table and I have the Clap-Off Bra pulled up online. What a nice family!
I seriously just met a psychic.. Lol
Who wants to buy a slightly used #Tebow jersey?
just saw this..sydney.you are awesome.
The refs really do have the voice of god, though.
soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr <3
RT Fridays are crap without
He was chilling. I did speak with him, but he wasn't feeling his best. But I agree a life gone too soon.
We're back in this!
- THANK YOU for answering my question about Google+. It seems that many people whom I admire have dropped G+.
I love your attitude. Where'd you get it, Ambercrombie & Bitch?
I love mama's... Happy mother days, BEAUTIFUL ladies!
So it's been way to long since ive talk to either of you! So here's me saying HELLO!!! :)
maybe you're still napping? :-p
OMG tweeps!!!! ZOMBIE strippers, holy cripes baby birds!!!! LOL wanna play with my friend and me?
Authentic #leadership... It's the way to lead.
Holistic lecture at IONS Tucson all based on clinical trials absolutely fantastic, confirm epigenetics, or neurogenetics
Yea I guess
How Did You Go about your Layout an form, I'm also tryn to change My Notes Into Pages!
i miss you 2
burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got ;)
My boss told me I can't get on AOL at work...but she was all over Yahoo...the Fuck?!?!
How was your fourth of July?
. Brewmaster Jeff is AWESOME and a super nice guy to boot! we <3 our neighbors at GB!
u got the duck face
I just woke up and no one was home but I think my grandpa was telling me that he was going some where when I was sleeping lol
what an idiot! Vote him out
that sad moment.
We live in a generation where they throw out "I love you" to there three day boy/girlfriend.
nothing like the smell of napalm in the morning....
writing up some notes on O'Reilly Cloud Security & Privacy webcast; I feel a blog post coming...
Vegans are modern day hippies !!!
I get that a lot! Aha
suck one
Stop! Hammer time!
And? RT Matt Hasselbeck's bro, Tim, picked Titans for PM on ESPN free agent show. -- Rob Anthony ()
Chris Ray. 2 IP tonight, no hits, 2 K's. for the Mo: 11 IP, 6 hits, 2 Walks, 11Ks. Is Chris Ray back?????? backup plan for League???
The fight for glow sticks is on....
words i may or may not take back to the states w/ me after 10 days in london office: posh, nutter, keen, chuffed, probably more...
GO DUCKS! Tough challenge. Big opportunity.
I'd #FF and , but you probably already are following them. they are... just... THAT .... good.
Doing pretty well, m'dear. I've been off the social mediaz a while, but I'm slowly getting back into it.
? What happened to getting the phones...
A&B ticket Sat. 85 bucks going once going twice I got a bid
Listening to the airport orchestral version of how do I live with out you at lax... surprisingly tasteful arrangement...
will gather at their Silent Auction, 5/1, 6-9 PM, Poe Middle Schl. More info at fairfaxchoralsociety.org Catered by Hard Times Cafe. COME!
that's terrible
Great win today. We needed that.
YES!!!! “: Our fiscal birthday week is here! You pumped?”
I know I never do shit. Lol. Once I get up out this brace I'll be tweetin all the time !!
That is hot! Secondly, she is not conventionally attractive (like me) but she is indeed attractive and her body is off-the-chainhook
Why? No one is ugly! U am 10000% sure tht ur are perfect just the way u r! Just the rigjt people can see it! <3 :)
I have never been so car sick in my life. 😷
You have to be really down for someone to help them clean their house.
perfect! See you then :)
That awkward moment when your toes crack.
Wish I was @ library camp! Heading to Monterey tomorrow for
u n me both!!
On The Road: Quad Rugby
I just sent you some information. Thank you!!
#Follow the crew!
My daughter also has Senioritist! Ugh. Can't wait until the school year is over. Torture!
I found my neww twitter bestiee!!!!:))
can I hear #onedirection ? :)
Client update: Visit at #ASCO2011 conference, June 3-7 in Chicago. Visit their exhibit and booth #22025. www.SiliconBioUSA.com
Where can citizens go to have actions of police monitored and/or investigated?
Mom chill its juss my bed thats not made
It's June 2nd.
Yes!!! Last karaoke singer singing to a No Doubt song. The night has bern salvaged! :D
Good couch action ": who enjoys sex on the couch?"
#DaveWolf: mobile is driving desktop design. MODEVUX
It's funny in times of adversity that you find out who your real faith family is and who is just reciting a catchphrase...
Looking for a job is so stressful! I don't wanna grow up.
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Amarillo!
#dearyyoungself I have your dream within your reach. Keep opening those doors.You can do it!
This class if just dragging on.. Just get me too lifting!
no problem :-)
happy birthday
Oh rough day....but hey tomorrow never dies, right? How are you?! Bet you have more free time w/ tax season being over!
NC State and Cin play today the good games are this weekend
I'm going to convince my mom to take me and my cousin there before she goes to work
omg, I want that! I have been wishing it would happen.
Got choked up tonight while watching Jamie Wilson's story about a wounded soldier with an inspiring attitude.
(Not sure I ever expected to put and seaworld in the same tweet!)
proud of the ladies at , they are in cannes doing their thing! They came to work!!!!! get em ladies :-)
What is the point of making doctor appointments when they keep you waiting anyway?
“: Pussy weed and alcohol” EveryDay All Day..
at the bar that dare not speak its name.
Thanks for your kindness! RT : #iacpnyc doing an AWESOME job w panel on partnerships btwn bloggers & businesses.
We need all our friends to like us on Facebook!
thanks for the mention...have a great week...!!
Read rate for text messages: Over 96% 5x higher than emails. So why are you still sending emails out to customers? Text me : 916-420-6020
when this song kme on im spending money play something i kan spend some money 2<<<<wiz
um, okay whatever YOU say! LOL
#TheyNeedToBringBack to & while they r at it don't let another cast member go right now.
#BBN RT Sick, sick crowd at The Cliff tonight...gotta bring it again tomorrow!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unless your name is Google... stop acting like you know everything. lol.
P.S. This thunderstorm is perfect.
Always remember that, no matter how useless you feel, you're someone's reason to smile
I would like to meet a person named Christian who's Muslim or a person named Muhammad.
thanks for the #FF!! It means a lot to us!
Followed back (:
Chicken biscuits w/hash browns!!
He deserves Whatever bad comes his way.
#IRememberWhen My Girl video use to come on. And I would run to the tv just to watch it.
Thanks for tuning in, Beethovenfest!
Just waking up its a new day
solo true!! They all want a hand out!!
finally watched #Trust. You. Killed. It.
Won our match! Beyond #pumped love you boo!
People need to relax about the bulls loss yesterday. Down 21, Rose's first game back, Rose and Rip first time since April 5. Still forced OT
Tomorrow: Go Higgs. Or go home.
Finally getting into Jello Biafra! My punk-o-meter just went up a few more.brutal notches. Thanks !
Does anyone have a YouTube recording of the weekend show??! I don't have a comp and I can't watch stickam on my phone
Thank you for the favorite!
Nail broke im like depressed now......
You poor bastard. Oh, and hi!
Live music this weekend! Jimmy T. kicks off the fun on Friday from 7-11 pm then get down with Mirage on Saturday night from 7-11.
lol whats good? I'm just grabing some food real quick then it's whatever
Everybody always say lebron would beat that ass if something happen, man lebron scared as fuck he the only "great" who's never put in work
So my resolution is to make people remember me.
I'd learn more in my online improv class if I wasn't still on dialup.
Forgive don't forget. Respect don't expect.
hey, thanks'
Sorry to have to miss Sports Lawyers Assn annual conf, but happy to be enjoying Commencement Weekend w/our students!
I adopted two kids from another sperm donor and raised them as my own. Both are happy successful people. They call me DAD!!
#onlyif people talked to me :(
Listening to my Cuz's Internet Radio show while getting throught to so many emails. OMG! Ive been at this all day!
Thoughts and prayers with the lost loved ones and tragedy in Norway.
stop texting boys.
any, rather.
Congratulations to David & Beth!
I want that shirt
Laura Chapman: being competitive is not the same as innovation. Beware the iron triangle of innovation, competition and jobs.
got my gummies & big red and ready to learn thanks to !
“: You are more likely to get throat cancer from oral sex than you are from smoking.” what???
Q6: Where's the best place to find interns or internships?
"I am one boob, you are the other boob & together? Breast friends" bahaha!!
damn I wish more women felt that way.
thinks people who don't respond to email-not even to say "I don't have time to read this now but I got it and will look later" suck
Yep wifey type but might have to transform it...
My friend in Colorado got one too.
That's my job to enhance our talents given abilities. Great Work!
we need to hang this weekend
They talk behind my bitch back, they musta seen her ass then
congratulations for renewed tier 1 status on the state's preferred hospital list!
same time that resilience became resiliency...sketch traded the y for a vowel to be named later
There will be plenty of pictures :)
I'm really wondering what the difference in quality (if any) is between the replicator and more expensive 3d printers (eg Z corp)
if I didn't have work tomorrow morning I would 😒
Today, I was sitting next to Vicer and listening to music. <333 c:
Thanks for your support, Daddy'O! Have a great day!
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes what to do if a spouse becomes extremely ill or disabled.
i know right...what can you do with someones twitter account....dumbasses
sometimes I enjoy pointless crap too :P
Home from work, 13 hour day! Left a very promising happy hour with a very beatable number YOY. Let's get that comp!
waynes ace is nasty he's the best pitcher we faced all year he throws like 85-88 and has a nasty curve ball
We're playing The Double Door in Chicago tonight. Shows at 9 so come hang.
oh ok :p well remember to bring it so you can start tanning haha
All in about a year. I think that's brilliant.
Staying with my sister for the holiday. Watched more Nickelodeon cartoons in two days than I do in a year.
Lincoln and Gresham tied 14-14 in the 2nd qtr...and the rain continues to pour
Had a great time with some friends in from out of town... The French Quarter was NUTS! Now back to Saints daydreaming ;)
great night. Someone should've taken a picture of the stunning redhead in the back of the room.
Thanks for the props John!
#FollowReader Really looking forward to the new Murakami!
Perfect love is rare
u say douche bag in sapnish : Idota it also means asshole
NOT MY BABY
Getting very excited about #cbb2012 and my first ever trip to New York.
So when's it going to be cool for celebrities to say they had a good time at their high school prom?
This Reevers fella on your airwaves... boy. Just put any old nonsensical homer on the air, I guess...
Preparring to consume a beer at a pub. Just one. For now.
Randy Butternubs is the only name I will use at a coffee shop ever again.
I knew we should have gone to bells earlier. Instead of watching rufio hit on girls......
cool :) I don't have school till the 10th of August :)
I would
Have a good weekend! :)
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves. ~Author Unknown
agree completely! I do miss Dudar in there but come on last yrs team would have given up before 2nd half
and compared to the other answers your's was actually pretty much the most normal one. Humans frighten me
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know. -Louisa May Alcott
Casper is darker than you are trick!!!
This man talking loud as SHIT! Hope he knows that's not attractive.
Making an A in a class that you think you'll have a C in
GUESS WHAT? Casart Coverings will be featured on One Kings Lane starting on Monday, for the 3-day "Enliven Your Walls" sale!!
hello!! An good day to you :)
Oh don't worry, I wanted to spend my Thursday night baking bread till 11 o'clock
I love to know that you can be mine... ♥
Cats Are Scared Of Water .
Congrats , , #Awesome team win tonight
do you have a fear of onions?
Minor Threat !
At the house chillaxn on the couch!! Had a good night at On The Rox. Sure wish I had someone to share the time with or fill that empty spot
Fuck society! All of you are beautiful <3
Embed reporters fall in love with the candidate they cover. Let's face it getting close to politicians is like having 'sex' for 'embed'
MKG must have heard my bro in law say he was choking
hehe, i can sing in this like super high voice and i kind of sound like a chipmunk.. but everytime i do it, my throat hurts like hell.
Wilson Mizner~ When you take stuff from one writer its plagiarism but when you take it from many writers its research.
A week of 80s... Thank you mother nature!
I know, yuum ;)
first of all it is stupid to think that rostra "pushes moderates away". Anyone who reads a blog like that already
Heard this morning during fundraising on WHYY: "We don't just want to have a relationship with you, we want to go all the way"
Rachel is the new Nick!
HAHAHAHAHA YOU GO TO SLEEP! I IZ HUNGRY!
I always buy pre-written cards for people I dislike. If I'm going to lie about my feelings, it may as well be a lie written by someone else.
will you be there today from 12-2 for the lunch meetup with ? I am headed through in about an hour. Your map story rocked
A 300 DOLLAR PHONE WHAT THE HELL
I'm gonna make my life worth watching when it flashes before my eyes.
So Rome is leaving Houston's airwaves, but #romeonamobile will still be with us!
Quite true :)
I just need one beat....lol
Looks like im buying 48202928 copies of #BELIEVE to get the OLLG tickets. Bankrupcy here i come ~
Happiest I've ever been..
if you write in one washed up, ex-steroid user for mlb all star this year make it
too Many things :(
FOLLOW Only 15 and killing the underground game. Lets collab bro, got a mixtape dropping late june, i want you on it!
“: You not texting me back is the best diet. #whitegirlproblems”
#nisoEbook Barblan repeats "Metadata is King!" Common view that good metadata improves sales.
jesus christ hurry up already lady
no you c'mon man! haha
“ RT : Girls want attention. Hoes want drama. Women want respect. Boys want pussy. Man want a real women.”
wow 7 points wow?!?!?! in the whole 3rd quarter?!?! wow!!!
make sure you video tape it so we can see it.
it feels like winter today. Only good thing about all that snow that is to come, is snowboarding
Thanks to you, I'll definitely try out these eyeshadows!!! Thanks for the review. :) <3 Love the blog.
how many miles was the ride?
#ideas2action fantastic 2 days at the summit-what a welcome opportunity.Congrats to all who made it happen-Lisa & Michael especially.
Abc radio news reported he was there but left that part out. If not for the interwebs you'd never know.
Love the Wharf. We did our karoake out there last month.
Nobody ever pays me in gum.
Monday afternoon markups are weird.
oh! meredith! no! i dont have one! i was recovering from the kick lol
Welcome, Camerons and entourage. Hope you get to do some fun stuff while you're here!
Late night workin on cut-it-out recycled t's.....
this finale is making no sense. the scenes are so sporadic!
Twitter kicks back, yo!
or when you're with me 😏
used to be
It means "its" in French.
I secretly like days when none of my facebook friends have birthdays.
Happy Blessed Easter to y'all too! xxox's
My fam>>> #LetsWork RT : In the stu w/ listening to Taylor J music....the kid from St. Paul, MINUTE is
It's kinda awkward laying out with all these Mexicans working on a house across the street.. oh well
Did a photo shoot with a new model, Anthony. Been a long day and I'm exhausted but it was worth it.
By the time I removed all the protective packaging from a new bottle of aspirin, the headache went away.
Haha...you'd think! Have you planted yet? RT : of course I do! I live in Illinois! isn't it a cultural...
BEST FRAN DAY WITH :D
THEIR MUSIC IS SHIT AND SO IS THE WAY THEY DRESS ;(
congrats on the house offer acceptance!!!
I'm with ABC News in New York, trying to reach Leo Millar's parents. Orthaedic clinic closed. Contact info? Help
- dislike. What happened??
i know :( he had to stay in an animal hospital in a pet store for a day but hes better now :)
#JennaMarblesTaughtMe that sometimes your neighbors will report you to the police when you play Sorry.
Dallas runs shit!
This dude in target line is BLARING michelle branch. Really? Lmao
William Shakespeare~ Pity is the virture of the law and none but tyrants use it cruelly.
he's the guestt ?
van what's urs?
Get the best people and train them well.
Arts and crafts with mom Made my 1st duct tape pen^_^
Sending loads of love to #tata4now Love, ATFDC
because we have our cheer banquet and I have to work its only 5-9:30
I was just thinking about how long we've known eachother. Holy shit, it's been close to 5 years, Kristine. Jesus christ.
absolutely, I rt some articles and secretly think to myself, "that's news?!" this was one of those articles. ;)
Watching Next Iron Chef. Rooting for Marcus.
Only for you, and your Win98/IE5 technology stack!
Hello World!!!
twitter timeline is dead.
Women in business... and we have to travel too?? Lisa and Cheryl offered up some good tips today!
You're welcome! Good luck with the benefit concert on Friday!
Home sweet home!.
My dog got her heartworm pill and Frontline today. Have you given your dogs their monthly treatments? An ounce of prevention! :-)
I gotta check 'em out...
Apparently my birth certificate expired.....
Some things never change. Get all the attention and looks from all the guys you can. They all want your ass. I wanted your heart.
can you follow
There is nothing glorious in dying, anyone can do it.
Johnny Got His Gun by Dalton Trumbo.
yeah,far from austin's country. :D m..I have what?
Great job hun!!!! You get my vote
Yes. They were amazing @ Who was your favorite from last week?
Loving all the golfers wearing pink for Mother's Day at #TPC! GO PHIL!
keep up the spring cleaning sweeping those brooms in Cincinasty! GO CARDS!
Finished 'Rowing the Atlantic' by Roz Savage. Think I'm going to take 'Applied Cryptography' by Bruce Schneier on the train with me today.
What was kohl's thinking about when they decided to make a mark anthony brand of clothing?? Might as well throw money in the trash.
Actually yes, my life is a joke.
Don't forget it's Meat Lover's Wednesday tomorrow! A pound of meat for $8.99 just for being awesome :)
Never unfaithful..
#FF the most smoove cat I know
because you are 1) fascinating 2) beautiful. duh.
very interesting. I need to look into HPs tools. Thanks
My breaks don't work. There will be no slowing down. “: slow down, love, ya killin' em (c) notorious b.i.g.”
'coffeeDrip2CalendarUnit|varchar(5)|Coffee maker drip (brew cycle) usage rate denominator' - coffee maker usage for building energy model
Bring Back secret circle! I don't understand it had almost the same ratings as Vamp. Diaries, which is your highest rating show!
BPADs are still being evaluated. We will notify applicants as soon as they are completed.
Man, would have liked to see Lucroy get an AB there.
Congrats to the Orioles! First AL Team to start a game with 3 straight Home Runs!
Watching his teams was not always either RT : I cannot say that covering TLR was enjoyable every hour of every day.
Man I have seen everybody here#Orlando. Its cold tho.
YYYYYEESSS !!! You deserve so much better!
where can i pick up a recording of you spinning? itunes? podcast? cd?
Opportunity is knocking for men, women need a ring..
Indeed it was! Glad I was awake! RT : what a night last night!
Welcome (back) to town. Let me kno if u need NE recs on places to eat or an update on what's new
the leaf blower is a fine tool
Yes and double yes. Thanks for tweeting the link, Tim. You're good people. Stew, do you have a review online yet?
Silence can be a brilliancy yet it can also be a burden.
I GOT THE JOB!!!!! Start Monday!!!!
Listening to "Skinny Genes" today- inspiring me. She's the cutest and love her Brit style!
Still don't get track meets.
Coming up w/Voices For Children: April 30 = wine tasting at , May 21-22 Soccer Tournament, June 1 our #bowling event!! Stay tuned!
Today's Soups: Cheezy Broccoli & Navy Bean with Ham
Hope everyone is having a great Monday morning, remember pending tdlr we will be having a show on Jan. 28!
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
and churches that teach the parents how to be leaders.
I'll be honest I love chicken. Not fried chicken, or chicken with BBQ sauce. Chicken with ranch is just amazing....
#WeWontWork if you keep continuing not to care .
Dude. Great work.
said: sorry,sorry sar *with innocent voice' . Ih :p
Heavy #sportsbiz activity here Opportunity abounds and work plate getting very full.
Thanks for sending the info.
This is definitely a T-Bone Walker sort of day.
well your just plain out beautiful, so it goes hand and hand :)
Congratulations! It's beautiful.
We thank you more I'm in some serious need of some dub time!! Xoxo : )
i wanna sleep but i wanna watch friends. what to do, what to do?
Is everyone having a great weekend?
We are always looking for writers and photographers. Email with your info and clips.
Will someone with authority to make a correction to my payment history from #bankofamerica please call me? 9188525036 Lori Cain
#RHOA let it go! #Sheree is a troublemaker....
someone had to style those soldier's hair!
Hopefully. They sure do cast a ... wide net with their content. I don't see how pictures of my friends and I will help with that
Heading home. Chatty bus drver yammering on about "King Tut" exhibit. Sadly uninterested in local "Power of Children Gallery"
Great thought. Very true! RT : "The door to power only opens from the inside." -Cat Posey. LOVE THIS!
The Dark Knight is where it's at! All others are pretenders!
Thankyewverymuch! Only 5 more years 'til I can apply for those sweet, sweet AARP benefits and discounts! ;-)
someone punch me in the face.
Just found out a student who never showed up and didn't respond to emails dropped the class officially. That makes sense.
Lady bug, or lady bird, always was a bird person myself
I try and cook things that are naturally glutenfree but am so happy for udis cookies and bread
8 more followers till 400.Thanks.Contest or games soon:]
I can see why she needs a leash for a kid... Bad parenting. She just smacked the shit out of him hah
Just watched 's Oscar worthy performance in the Game Plan...
Syracuse gets A$AP Rocky and Schoolboy Q to perform for them...that's some shit. Can we transfer?
Let the show begin
RT Can we all just agree to unfriend anyone who makes a Facebook page for their dogs?
Craving KFC after seeing the commercial
I haven't even showed that to Lolly because I bawl
Listening to the Carter 2 by Lil Wayne through West Virginia
I was talking about u warning me about macdonalds nasty milkshakes
ha its all good.. its morning now! :)
Stand your ground, even when it looks like it might fall out from under you.
This Friday we are playing with ! Come out for a great party!
. Exactly my age, I believe.
3 Unique Environments, VIP Table Service, and the Hottest Party in Town. Come Experience the Difference at Stilllife Nightclub.
Ridiculousness was hilarious. Did anyone else see it???
So do not want to go to work today!
wth.!!! I work tomorrow till tuesday. Find a way out here or come to my track meet saturday lmao.!!!
Yum! RT : Btw I'm making shortbread w/lime zest from 's book for the CooktheBookClub potluck on Sat
they probably are but you're just into crappy music haha
Congrats to Jordyn Lucas on her Nickelodeon Pet Promo commercial today. Quality talent you can bank on!
hey guys whats up?
Jennifer Hudson - Think Like A Man >
The Bellmen of course.
lmao a punch phone!?
right on! I'll be participating in #sacburgermonth so watch out! ;)
#Im4Falk because she is an amazing role model for me as a local elected official.
Where thaaaaa party at?????
One of my accounts is for Dad's HOF campaign. This is my personal acct, where I can cuss and rant :) JUST KIDDING
#cil11 Just caught up with from UofM. Good to see you and congrats on your new job @ NASA!
Are TV on the Radio afraid to make the vocals louder? Can't hear them
#ThingsIDislike hash tags on Facebook
. W/al due respect, I think marriage equality is VERY prescient, especially if a partner is ailing or in an accident.
From what I just saw on the Dallas vs. Miami game's National Anthem, is going to be amazing live!
Come on, you do dress up for a living! lol And you do it well I might add...
Fuller: other studies have underestimated real estate impacts, factors. Not sure we can squeeze more taxes from non-residents.
YES I knew I could count on you to laugh at my tweet!! 🎉
Thanks! We hope to recruit more great biz's to the Irvington area to complement our good merchants.
Re: Rebranding- should be simple to change "documentary" to "non-fiction.Where to start, though? How to make this happen?
So happy for and for their good news :) gotta love progress!
I don't bruise, but if I could I would do this too.
thanks for correcting me! Much appreciated!
Yes, perception is everything.
#DrinkToThat feeling all rebecca black this eve of Dan Adams wedding
Now we just got to track bieber . 👍
Lucky for you.
thx for coming out last night & for your venue suggestion too of course - you'd make for a fine event planner!
Using Survey Monkey to get staff wish list for next year's computer budget. Now want to do all office communication using Survey Monkey.
Happy New Year Janie!! :) RT : HAPPY NEW YEAR'S
is a networking space for Latino entertainment professionals. Come Join!
Goodbye NFL season. Amen.
It's a beautiful morninnnn.. O.
my kwyboard is broken
A♠ RT : Dirty Hollywood is goin down right now! Check it out! Gonna shit n shower then I'm on my way
John hit me with a water bottle, time to attack.
I followed them :)
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 14
it's freezing here in tijuana and my room y so so cold :s I just need a long warm hug :)
a foo tell dem folks at tuner field bout me i went up there bt the man wun there
it's beautiful here!
Where no one intrudes, many can live in harmony.
good call! Take a look at #SymantecO3 - a means to protect your cloud properties, even if accessed from mobile devices.
hahah its only cause i love you;)
Boo, I have a headache and still have homework to finish. :(
My iPhone has said 100% battery for like 2 days now :/ I don't think thats a good thing! lol
thanks for listening !!!
Listening to VP Biden channel the Gipper on taxes, a seemingly popular Obama Admin theme lately @
That was sweet.
: No one playin games just u by procrastinating an makin excuses ..maybe you scared to get mixed into this :) lol
sry to hear that. You jus been preachin the past 2 nites an a brotha done got used to it. Hope you feel better gorgeous!
Just got so much shit at the warehouse sale
With the exception of Twitter & texts, it annoys me when people don't use two spaces in between their sentences.
doesnt look alot like my next boyfriend?... i think so :)
Photo shoot with the talented Ron Soto today!
I wanted a paper bird that could fly = Birdyjosh and Birdylu in paper back and Kindle...they fly & have fun = www.AntiquesArtBookworld.com
Good luck. lost my bag Jan 2 . Was told today that they lost my reimbursement claim and have to start over!
ok then. his yours.. my husband is THUNDER/ CHEONDUNG :) #wonderful ^^
I really need food trucks to come to John Carlyle in Old Town. Asian Street Tacos are my friend.
people r crazy....smh
debit card hacked. just what i needed. anyone have lifelock or other identity protection? worth it? :)
Can anyone share an interesting article? Need to get my mind away from my worries.
cough cough
Clayton, NC- even if it's from a chain restaurant it's tough to beat Carolina BBQ
Jack shares his dream and jealously from the camp. His dream was to eat a loaf of bread, his jealously was of the free butterfly.
be hating on my
lol watch your mouth :p
negro look at your texts. I have questions. Lol
lmfao I'm sorry! At least I'm sending picturess 👏 ! What are you guys going to do with them again?
Best day ever. We scored a table on the back patio So content.
why arnt you doing paradise fears next tour mr!?!
Hvrtujikdsjktrfedwqcvbntrfedsw1123456787654325678876543234567865432456765432345678654214565tredscvbhjutwsdfvghyu. ! How I feel.
I gotta say, whoever does the horoscopes for Yahoo! is pretty spot on, and I really don't buy into that biz.
We had a great evening. Thanks for the hospitality!
how much for the dj host
wait till you see next version. is designing it.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
That awkward moment when you just see someone and you automatically know he'll be on your mind for the rest of the day. :)
that is the cutest thing I've ever seen <3
having a car is a big responsibilty lol all my money goes into my car
&#39;I am cycling for my life,&#39; says Rwanda&#39;s Byukusenge
someone pull a hill with mee
Thank you, if you'd like, send info to Stay tuned, we have some exciting new changes for 2012!
We want to so bad! We're working out plans for the future right now and we're not quite sure what to expect yet.
Middleton named finalist for National Sustainability Award. Congratulations Mike Davis!
Thanks! Been looking to get there for _ages_, and now with 2013 SFRA it'll be twice the next year.
They're trying to get us primed for the 3D re-re-release.
This weekend we have the new spring menu, a wedding, and Easter Brunch....bring it!
What motivates you to #workout?
Taylor i don't miss you!
#ThingsMyExSaid "Me & Her Dont Even Talk" .. Oh but who was the one hittin her up every day ?
Hope you're doing well Bryan! Any chance you'll make it to graduation in May??
This was the best day of my life with 2 special people! Had a great time ;)
DAMN IT FEELS GOOD TO BE A GANGSTA....
Thanks Matt!
What kills me the most about that awful loss is the missed tackles, dropped balls and fumbles. A great season ended by bad play.
It's a bullshit story. You don't need to do that.
I'm making some serious moves
Check out our free climate change awareness program any person can bring to a school.
SO privileged and excited to be a part of the 2012 Emerge program through Leadership Austin!
Time to see what this "Hunger Games" business is all about.
New #Chopped viewing game: drink every time you hear Aaron Sanchez say "unctuous."
Hi Jennifer! If your still looking for work, u can go to minorityjobs.net for FREE resume & job board. Best 2 U, Julie
God damnit I knew it was too go to be true.
Katie likes the sound of kittens in love with alpacas.
to Garry Shandling's show piss
This child purposely avoided making friends to bypass being invited to social gatherings, because Orphan V was not allowed to attend.
do you wanna ride....
Read Getting Things Done by David Allen for starts
You're correct, the Travel Reports dataset just links out to the raw reports that each of the agencies filed with the OGE.
Since I haven't been watching, I'll assume likely scenario is Ryan Hollins going for 28/15 & not being the worst basketball player alive?
I won't forget!
I dont wanna goto bed mad at you and i dont want you to goto bed mad at me -MAD- ne-yo
#ThingsWeAllHate waking up..
fine. only since you twisted my leg so much.
last to jump on the bandwagon and am 110% clueless...
i dont care I'm just craving carne asada so badly! lol
#doritoslocostacos are heavenly.
Drake flow while doing credit recovery ✌
And thank you!
National kiss day huh..???? FUCK THAT SHIT...thats how yu spread shit n get pregnant.!
Ask to be invited to the wedding. :-)
Happy Birthday Lucia!!!
ActorStuff: Always be ready. Always be prepared. Keep your instrument tuned and polished.
The terrific Agnes Martin show closes Saturday If you go, be sure to read her letter posted just inside the doors.
Why are we allowing the governments to dummy down our school system? 4 days of school for our children? A work day is 5 days!
Ever had the lyrics wrong in a song? finally figured out that in The Damned's "Therapy" they aren't saying "there will be".therewillbtherapy
HAS RETURNED!
thanks! Loved making that film. Can't wait to someday meet up and trade stories.
#FF to some folk of the goodkind. Check em out:
nO He did not
#teamfollowback I will follow you back, <3
Friends are far and few but she's a keeper FOLLOW AND GET FOLLOWED BACK---->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Oh “: I call good head dat good neck pussy because the head just as bomb as the pussy”
my little cousins themselves are another form of birth control.
do you have your keys
you know Penn thru a few points because she is cute. Cant blame him. Next time wear a skirt, might help.
Why I'm not more productive: RT Shouldn't you be reading right now? A handy flowchart to help you decide: ow.ly/8QX8X
Doing things you never thought you'll do .
Why since I 1st started my #TeamJoker now everybody #TeamSomething ???
grateful today. deeply.
I'm surprised matt hasn't done the bus thing yet
Hey! You don't live too far from me. How r ya?
Event sounds exciting! Check it out!
Dancing on the tailgate in the full moon. That kinda thing makes a man go m m..
Dinner at Waterway(: I 💜Soflo!!
Its like one of dem "penchetta" things. -bob
Never trust a girl who doesn't love dogs!
Damn it. Its more than cold here :// most terrible part of the day: walking to school in the morning or walikg home afterwords :S
This line at ihop ain't playin tho!!! People be starving in church services.They don't even be paying attention 4real...lol
Dear Chris go to bed
they've lost the other times so..
ah yes. I may see if I can swing it. I was on TV tonight right behind the Bird. I will send the pics.
Last night I added a few more services under the "computer services and cost of labor" section of the website.
ACCESS names new finance director - Ashland Daily Tidings
I have been praying for more auditions and today I got booked for 7 to go to during the next 3 days! Talk about when it rains it pours!!
"Yes, Officer, that's the one. Third from the left."
I'm going to tweet all the dumb stuff the person I'm with says
when was the last time you were at #toysrus? it is not a pleasant experience, trust me!!
I just started watching Homeland a few days ago myself. Good stuff times 10!
Obama's remarks on the war in Afghanistan: TRANSCRIPT - New York Daily News
#nf this handsome guy
We're on it:) It was such a blast to meet Akevy!
When I wake up early on a saturday<<<
drinking on ciroc feeling nice
Many schools are in chaos and danger. The bigger story should be stories of violence that occurs inside of Philly schools.
I love love love this cold weather
The drive movie was amazing was spot on! Very impressed.
Getting so close! Better Block OKC is this weekend! We're so excited to show off our work and inspire OKC! Hope to see you there!
alrightt all these blackout pics have got to STOP.. i forget how many are out there
G. Bateson and C. Levi-Strauss grokked info theory and cybernetics early on. Good sources for crit in context of digital remediation.
I hope so. Going to bed before sunset is tough.
we can bet a beer or 2 or 3
That's a great question. Currently work in marketing data analytics
Kara, a clever thought perversity of chance
This would also be great outside of class. Taking photos of things that they can connect to learning.
This in relation to that teacher assessment thing or just in general?
I feel like one day you'll understand me, dawg. You can still love yo mans and be manly, dawg.
follow back? Please and thanks(;
"Writers need two things: 1. A deadline. 2. Knowing someone who is crazy about our #writing is waiting for these pages."
SEX IS EASY TO GET... LOVE IS HARDER TO FIND...
Is it only #Tuesday? Sleep time I suppose.
Sometimes the one you want is not the one you need.
an unappreciative journo on a famil, petal? Some people can't be pleased - and they should just be avoided :) Mwah.
Super stoked 4 later this a.m. - 150 cops motorcade delivering toys 2 Children's Hosp. Tune in 2 Denver news. Cops Fighting Cancer.
Yes, matter of fact I DO wanna bet! Cx and oh, that's right. :,(. Who's with her at the hospital now?
Construction disaster. Plumbing not where building said it was. Now for design on the fly. Bring on the change orders
Gonna try really hard to not give a shit.
Thank you new friends
#4famouswords Who is ya Daddy lol
how long have they known each other?
Thinking of the day when you went away, what a life to take, what a heart to break I'll be missing you.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a hard movie to follow. I love it.
Home button :-)
All thoughts and prayers go to Bolton FC and his family. It's moments like these that remind us that football is just a game
Hahah i hate you. ps- check your facebook inbox, i think it will make your day lol
Check out for their coverage on new video and album!!!! Don't forget to dl
Some old starsky and hutch and taco bell!
Kate Nash stop ripping out my heart with your music okay
what's mennas??
Falling asleep to lazy to get up 💤
It's V-Neck season guise!
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.... OH and CUTE :p
This RT Stack all winter to play all summer.
needs some kind of archival crank to get rolling but just can't muster the mojo
Oh my goulash--- I tried copying the surfers by trying to stand on my boogie--- i was stunting for .035 seconds then wave tumble
Thanks back at ya! Cool pinterest page. Gotta get myself on gentlemint, man!
you're one of those kids everyone wants to punch in the throat.
Just had a meeting with the MMJ State Department - Everything is looking good...
Last year, we helped nearly 160 h.s. seniors get into college. What about next year's class? Fund human services!
Seeing in two days with , , and ! Plus I get to see ! Hell yes yes!
Working hard to reach our goals! #2011 is going to be a great year!
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo is underestimate their true potential and settle for a satisfactory life. Don't create limitations to your success.
who plays like that in the play offs!?!?
LOL RT : CELL PHONE Battery...... Gutter Minded Girls... *shame Shame* lol
Checking out the #Chivas USA vs. Club Tijuana #Soccer game at #USD . Its a Good One!
♫♫♫♫ It's so good to follow somebody, and dat somebody follow u back!
You the only boy in my life.............. SIKE ~im a gift that just keeps giving ~im a slut and i wont stop oh Red cup,you know i fly *solo*
RT NEW BRIGHTEN SONG UP NOW! www.myspace.com/wearebrighten
it's very nice
do you use massive?
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. - Napoleon Hill
Not in it to win it tonight!
Creighton crew, volleyball game, wine date. Perfect way to end a 2 day week
I am going to see my cousins house yeee
thank you
"NO!" JIMMY PROTESTED! RT/Follow me if you smiled at that(;
My parents are being to nice right now 0.o
That sounds fascinating. Would you be interested in working together on it?
If you have two tattoos you are not "tatted up"
i praise you. omg
Php 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
I'm a part of this NBA party too! Only thing better would be some Gold Rush.
ha you're welcome lovely 💗
I enjoyed the tat on Flo.
I've been smoking like a maniac cause I found out I may not be able to have kids.
And when RapRadar decides to pivot. Ha! Media Power House. Whoops! #GAMEOVER!
Paige is here :)
To the people making Lebron ring jokes with his finger injury: YOU GUYS ARE SO FUNNY. That's such an original joke I've never heard before..
Yes. RT : says she a cleat chaser huh;)
new hash 4 the whacko trolls U encounter >
Taxes, doctors, bills. Best day ever.
- Madison loves you Ohio. Walker is next! On to Wisconsin!
always is lol!
Lololol :o you just called me a fish cake haha you vaginawaffle :P
I hate to be mean, BUT - obese COMICON-goers: please wear more clothes! Not even your fellow nerds want to see your pale ass-cheeks. Thanks!
We would love to have you stay with us, Kurt!
no "probably" about it. brought a guy over, be4 he could say "hello sir" dad was cleanin the guns
unless ur getting ur tongue mixed up then no I don't have 1 ;-*
Prepared mustard greens from my garden this evening Really good The rain doesn't look like its gonna happen so I watered. Garden beautiful!
Apples and Oranges for breakfast!!!!!!!!
Am I the only person who thinks Scott Skiles hates his team?
M, sounds tasty! Is that what you're having for dinner tonight?
IDK ive honestly never watched glee but I think I heard they've done other songs by journey
Actually at work today, although pretty distracted
Lunch speaker- French Minister Christine Lagarde at Exec Club of Chicago Women's Leadership Summit.
1D Flawless Homosexuals. The great thing about this is that directioners are making fun of the boys more than the haters ❤
what up hommie
Thanks D. Hope all is well with you!
Sometimes i wonder what it would be like to be a guy ..
Happy mothers day to the high school moms too ... They count as well
Perfection is something that you will never achieve once you accept that you will accept yourself. :-/
Hey , Jon wanted me to tell you we saw the bowl balancing unicyclist at the game last night.
Josh Hamilton 2 Run Home Run Rangers lead 9-7
thanks lady! Funny how some decisions can change the course of your life completely. You know the feeling ;)
New Year's comes but once a year...and so do our Champagne Truffles! A guaranteed hit at any New Year's party!!
C'mon Chelsea!! 💙
I'm fine but my pussys finer ツ
#FF Soon-to-be-published #ya author - congrats again!
Thank you! Checking these links out right now. :)
Neither did I RIP Donna Summers :-( RT I didn't even know Donna Summer had cancer :(
RT : Definite #steam on the #Rockies this afternoon, &amp; I do agree with it, fwiw.
Walking the mile and a half up the street to see Taming if the Shrew with ! I love living in the city!
Aww, pity party for me, but many CONGRATS to AND !!
damn . You got that shit . . .
Thanks for the retweet...glad you liked this one! Therese'
Hehe It all happens tomorrow :3
Hey Matthew, it would be so great to say hi while you're out in the LA. It's been so long since Turks & Caicos.
RT : Playing with 80legs.com. Although early, this seems like an interesting service. I like their crawl packages and market place.
thanks, lady! I hope it was a good ride for , too!
Boom. RT : how would u like to be a #rangers pitcher and have Nolan Ryan in the front row every night.
Yes, I'm interested in an 18thC virtual rdg group
File that last tweet under hashtag:
dug addict....
People, never eat your lunch at 10 a.m. It's just bad voodoo. *exits for scrounging mission*
well duh. Haha. I'm talking about the new smaller ones though. Haha
thank you!!!!!! youre amazing
Warren Watch: 'Secretary' flak - Omaha World-Herald
Happy Mothers Day!
Is an Eazy E hologram too much to ask for tonight?
I'd like to do more too, but it's hard to imagine fitting consistent social media in with my other work
Are you visiting Seattle or moving? Have fun!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Kurt Cobain. If he was alive, that'd be cool.
honestly, I thought it was great. $5 for $10 with $3 going to charity? Good move, imo.
Malachi just said that he "has too much knowledge"
Nope, , no more Gunsmoke yet. How about Peyton Place?
We're so excited for tomorrow's class on brainstorming, inspired by 's book Gamestorming. Full report coming soon!
Crazy HUH, They are talking about and using #fot but not following us :) GO GET EM!
Ever really want something and then you get it... And realize that was the dumbest idea I ever had... Yeah never doing that again.
I had an amazing time at WordCamp Miami. Can't wait until the next one!
so I'm braiding my hair right now & it's totally reminding me of you which is kinda weird... Haha.
U.G.L.Y = U Gotta Love Yourself
Another cool day on tap for you around San Diego - clouds likely sticking at the beaches till early afternoon - low 70s your highs there.
We're pleading the 5th here. (-:
What does it mean to be a "college prep" high school? Please respond or RT if you have the time. Thank you!
I followed the RT from for your post about the band...so well written I got chills!
could not be happier that has grapefruit radler. Mine got taken in the Munich airport
Slowly becoming addicted to the swedish "girl withe the dragon tattoo" trilogy.
heheh any way how exam goin on, last term test that your goin to have dhw
The fireworks are for the #SFGiants private World Series Gala.
How long has #Silas coached? Coached Hornets in both Charlotte & New Orleans. Also Bobcats in Charlotte...& the San Diego Clippers.
Architecture industry has highest rate of unemployment in US 13.8%; now is the time 4 candidate relationship mgt strategy!
TP Elite, Playmakers, Swing and Running Rebels 17U squads all competing in the Adidas Spring Classic in Indianapolis this weekend.
um...that's Softball Guy. And yes, Softball Guy dies
I've heard that it's a great proposal. I hope I get to see if sometime soon!
yes, I believe I would.. How?
You Can Get The Bankroll Baby!
Noticing that replied to me, just #mademyday. Hahah! :D
I'm playing at the High Dive in Fremont on 7/17/2011 with Fortune Dwellers & The Fabulous Party Boys come out and get your Sunday groove on!
Oh, Three Days Grace. <3
Haven't watched yet!! Omg now I must. RT : DID YOU SEE THE JEEP ON GIRLS LAST NIGHT?!?!?
#knicks blowing it...Stoudemire has his coach to thank for not teaching him any defense in Phoenix
Everything is easier then admitting that I miss you like crazy.</3
Rams Josh McDaniels likely to replace O'Brien as Pats' OC...
Amen sister :D
. Cork Wine Bar #HappyHour sounds amazing! I was just telling about it! Hopefully we can make it!
Great recap of last week & preview of upcoming #fulhamfc match against #sunderland on ... Kudos to &
Let's see how fast it takes for advertisers to react ...
Waiting in line to get The New iPad. Why aren't we just calling it the iPad 3? Or iPad HD? The New iPad. Please. Gimmie a break.
elohel bitch go back to bed.
My new favorite handle:
oh yaOnly real men like you ride in n' black mustangs!! (; lolz love ya plz reply nd follow me
I wonder how you do that? become famous?
let me know - looking forward to your feedback
When your heart wears thin, I will hold you up and I will hide you when it gets too much.
"you shouldn't get too good at farming or housework or ppl will expect it from you." Dr. Kim on why her mom sent her to school.
The passage of time n all of itz crimez
please follow me!!! <333333
#ipadbeatslocalnews RT : Fairfax/sunset "a crime scene." We just got kicked block west. Filming w/ ipad.
No broken bones. Worst fall I've had. A sprain wrist.
I'm so jealous lol
Is Mildred Pierce, Joan Crawford’s best known movie?
": Halitophobia is the fear of having bad breath." I hate bad breath!
Thanks babe!
Looking at the "Thompson House" ad in the new CityBeat just made me puke in my mouth a bit. Show Tune Tuesday? Newport is Branson now? YUCK!
:( I'm really sorry to hear that. Let me know if you need anything. Anything at all.
just bought a tix to Patti Smith. My first show in Detroit is seeing another New Yorker. Excited
Great Session today - hoping to resume shooting this summer
that's a great deal!
I'm attending the Masie LMS conference tomorrow in Chicago. Looking forward to some great intelligence on the current state of lms systems.
Now Mr. B. is going against the test obsessed culture in schools.
Thanks girl! (:
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Worrying only about me, my child, and MY family. They're far from perfect, but I love them more than anything! (:
This ☕ giving me the 😣shakes
It was fun! What a great city.
that girl gotta moo moo stains!
Looking for donations of gift certificates to give as prizes to donors. Any national restaurant or retail, hotel, etc. DM me if you can help
We'll drink to that. RT : Justin Bieber has good hair.
hahaha i love it when you say "you stupid s.o.b"
Dear Pacific Resources Partnership instead of #BeNiceBen how about #StopCryingDan PRP and Dan are beyond out of touch wakeup and listen...
THIS GIRL IS FUNNY.
If what's on the inside is taken care of, it will show on the outside. Hair, skin, weight, nails, etc...
Walk'n into Taft for
Haha. We're in the same spot judging by your picture
Want free tickets to the ISS Fort Worth show?
Seriously...a spam reply EVERY time I tweet something. WTF..., get on it!
Ky. counties converting old school buses into ambulances to handle accidents, disasters
What's your favorite drink when it is hot like this?
. Mrs. Bennett from Pride & Prejudice for sheer aggravation. Or a childhood fave, Mrs. Frisby
Sports stars should have to win a championship before they can get tattoos.
