merry christmas ! i hope you read this :') if u answer me i'll be cry :')
I love 30 Rock! "Last night I sat in front of the TV & ate an entire carton for Foie Grois, I could hardly my morning shower scotch." -Jack
My little sister graduates from in two short weeks! Where did the time go? Feel like I was just there myself!
Zero signal in my condo,
for sure man. I have a feeling this summer is gonna be epic!
Thx & welcome to more new followers! &
My mom wants to put me in a all girl school. Yeah, I don't think so. I would die.
everyday all day boo lol
Hey I'm sorry I will still go see it with you ok.
intense retail therapy right now. Sorry about it bank account.
Finished off the Divisional Week with 2-2 record. NFC/AFC Championship writeup will be up this week! Go GB!!!!!
:D the fairy!!! I want the fairy to help me tonight!!
Installed-installation-inspire-ideal
For me, a brick oven would mean homemade pizza twice a week.
thanks everyone!
I will do that for you... Because I care.
Asking someone "you mad bro?" when they're actually mad. lmao
My #iPhone is now running on #ios5.1 #finally. I was beginning to think that the update didn't apply to the 4
Time to go get dat cut. I upgraded to da one n a half. LOL
Awww, poor baby!w! It'll be over before you know it!
7. Check your W4 & make sure to withhold enough to cover your taxes, as opposed to filling it out to get the least amount of taxes withheld.
your going haha !
Yeah, they prolly should have left the wink outta there.
Good morning lady:)!
Yeah, I spent my day swimming and tanning.
WHO THINKS I'M A GRAND ADMIN? ANYONE? ANYONE? NO OKAY...~ASHLEY
Finishing the lineup of "DreamGirls" getting ready to debut our first model of the week :)
For Some Reason I Tend To Blow Peoples Minds When It Comes To Music! Im Pumped Up Kicks Because Of It!
I'm not sure. I'm heqding down there with friends who have a place in mind but I'm not sure what that is.
i believe that i will thank you
Dude, I need to get you away from Fist-Pumpers
Worried that my death trap of a car won't be starting tomorrow morning. She done good so far this winter but the fat lady may have sung.
Come one, come all. Do not eat the alligator. The alligator is for tourists.
Omg go grizzlies yay.
haha i wish it were that!
hopefully J.J. will be directing an episode as well.
When the fuck did it become thursday?
looking forward to connecting!
I hate to overstate a point, but I hate to beat a dead horse.
Tweeting >>>> Texting
Thats cos we rule!!!! Xoxo RT we WON THE TATTOO CONTEST!!!!!! GO US!!!!!
The Rebaroque Artist Series X SCOPE Art Show. Contemporary artists include Doze Green, Ellis Gallagher and Kid Zoom. www.scope-art.com
lol I like that technique, I'm gonna do that too
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us - Franz Kafka (Indigo Tree Publishing - looking for the another book like The Trial)
this ish is confusing! At least I think I figured out how to respond.....
well, this is just brilliant. is another nyc staple we need to get in dc. also cabs that take credit cards & photobooths in bars.
Passed 300 followers, thanks everyone!
Such a long stressful day of doing absolutely nothing but napping and pasta-ing
I love you too -Female scream- xD
so does
#drupal #features dependency hell, welcome to the ride.
If u gimme 200 n I flip it to 400 why not put 500 n flip it to a grand... mo risk mo reward
But you got so many with me!!
I'm not one for the heat
dude, you have more than 200 followers, you can text all day long!!
TIP OF THE DAY: Take your time before sitting down in a game (live OR online) and study the table dynamics. Who raises, who stands up to it?
#OneThingImSureOf is I thought of one direction when I read "one thing" from this hash tag :))
Maas: just wish they would portray the positive aspects of what we were doing. It paints a really negative picture of the business, alchies
Dallas HOB may be th best HOB of all. AWES.Show & we dont say that to evry crowd. Xellent clapping skills. Almost forgives the evil cowboys!
hey whats up?
Thanks! Should be fun.
It been a long day n it still ain't over yet
Oh man...Now we have to wait for Season 3 #GoldRush!!! Best of luck to as they prepare for summer.
Q Crew Radio is buying out the bar Durkin's Tavern until midnight come by for your free shot, beer or cocktail. 810 W Diveresy in Chicago
Headed to the cubs game...a little part of my brewers soul just died
Are you working for ?
Thank you!
and then there was the time Kevin ran for 'Prez', and we wrote stories about me and some illegal immigrants.
Be sure to watch tonight 8pm! Tell us where you see the posters and which ones you see #JAM2012 Please RT!
Want a company to truly feel connected, let employees post what they want whether work related or personal - trust them!
Dubbin' down Reason.
Hit squads on deck
I look at you in awe and take a second to take it all in because you are the most beautiful interesting human being I have ever seen.
And that difference requires you moving away from what you are comfortable with. The change we need starts with ourselves.
Thank you, thank you, thank you & This Episcopalian writer has been recreated.
the best docs are at Sundance.
SHIT. I mean SMANG IT. Stupid slang words. Oh i mean. I cant spell.
Outstanding Campus Sponsored Program of the Year -- Alternative Spring Break.
Anyone know how to make a mixtape cd or mixtape online?
Had fun tonight with my girl at 12 bar even though we spent a lot of our night waiting for a fucking drink!!
OH. MY. GOD. MY YEARBOOK PICTUE TURNED OUT FUCKING AWFUL I TELL YOU UGH WHY
Today has been good.
RT Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the catalytic converter. (I know nothing about cars.)
let us know when you're coming!!!
You gotta like that
we in here
it doesnt matter what its called, I'm buyin...can't wait!:-)
for give me for not introducing you to I'll have her spank me later tonight.
oh man! Well congrats on the move! That's great! And a new adventure is always fun!
NF Hope you join the movement strictly for #Divas&Gents
Attempting homemade granola bars with the little one. Should be yummy...apricot, coconut and chocolate chips!
"Be Strong." easy to say, but hard to do when your broken.
i thought i had pcos -- turns out I just get hemorraghic cysts! yay!!!
“: just found my cd from panama city that Florida Girl joint go hard, got it in replay.”< hell ya bang that ish cuz
thank you!
hahaha what a big...fish you have.
Better late than not at all!
No, he's a jackass.
Done with finals woo!
Enjoying an actual Guinness from Ireland. What a great day! Happy 4th everyone.
for we have a VERY special project - a huge wish for a disabled foster care child, how to reach your team?
Baked a cake in 8 minutes for the New Years Eve-Eve party in the microwave using the Tupperware stack cooker. www.my.tupperware.com/jbarol
I'll spin the wheel
Sure did. Huffington Post had a nice story about #Stacy as a mentor.
God's Good Morning to the Unbreakables! !
check out the song written for on "Open Mike" program with had a great time working on it!
Hey, Sean. Thanks for the follow. I am definitely a fan of you and :)
Yea fool!
You think this the best thing for you right now?
that makes me smile :)
I probably owe mike 32 cents still and he'll expect me 2 pay it..haha
Thanks! Haha my cat is the shit!
alright « tell scherfer I'm at the doctors»
I did! Thanks for sharing! (I'm also on Twitter and was RT'ing from there!) :)
Damn she fine
I just want to hear pianos
Tonights agenda: Teach our #cat catch how to jump up and catch a hair tie. Mission almost completed. Video to follow.
Faden, author of A Fairy Use Tale, is talking about writing with video.
ATTN #Colorado!! My friend Ronnie, is new to twitter....help him out and give him some follows! :-)
My friends... why on earth does he keep saying that?
": Sorry to hear about both those things, sounds awful :(" thx I've had better days good thing I'm an unfeeling bastard
remember when you followed me yeah me neither
i can't choose either. I have equal affection for and It's like choosing a favorite child.
So gotdamn Fed-Up !
That shit is *unbelievable*.
Hall: If we want a different kind of university than we have now, we have to accept that we (academics) will have to change too
who does that “: Sleeping nude & cuddling.”
here, there, around and no where. Ha
text off my iPodd (:
That's a solid one
True or False: Several small meals a day will speed up your metabolism?
ANOTHER TRIPLE-DOUBLE?!! is the best PG in the game. Period.
You gotta chill with the Pinterest tweets, those bursts are blowing up my feed, obscures your other great stuff.
Just found myself apologizing to a rat the size of a chihuahua because I disturbed his trash can breakfast. Sorry buddy!
Watching bridesmaides with the parents.
Talk about customer perspective & how you look at decisions & actions from that point of view.
We have to ask ourselves, what is our motive behind our usage of our gifts? Are we using them to bless us, or to bless Gods ppl?
At the conference in NOLA and getting ready for their unplugged event w & Better Than Ezra. Waxing nostalgic abt high school
Obsessed with how involved UK basketball is at this Derby. I may not hate this day after all.
Comedy Central..! =)
What is your favorite stench?
Do you value people based on their "accomplishments" or do you value them simply because they are beloved by God?
#SMACKOUTPARTY tomorrow at EROTIC 💋CITY ✨STARRING CHASE ✨BE THERE WILL SELLOUT 👋#SMACKOUT !!!👋
Did you see Google's recent forecast that the search term “Tumblr” would overtake “blog” by the end of the year?
Do you like a nigga, with an afro!! Bitch! Lol I got one!
I thought I got a ticket, turns out it was a note from a guy who wanted to buy my car...weird...he's probably a serial killer.
We are always fighting for the thrill of it
Just passed up a GREAT DEAL on that "Members Only" Jacket that he wanted so badly back in the day at the thrift store.
Faith is believing in things when common sense tells you not to. George Seaton
When English is a 2nd language – need audio – 15-20 sec sound bytes; make graphics earn their place
I miss you
lol @ girls who have a boyfriend yet like 2 other guys..
today was rd could have been better
#fridayreads Hell is Empty by Craig Johnson - love the Longmire series! #fridaylistens finished Little Brother by Doctorow - Fantastic!
Me: I have some serious Moose Knuckle in this shorts : Is that our version of a Camel Toe? Me: Yes.
My eyes are so heavy! fighting the food coma.
Looking forward to party at later!!
#HappyHalloween everybody!!! Had fun trick-or-treating with and
Just to clarify, that's a Doherty quote in my previous tweet. I called Uthoff but he didn't pick up and I left a message.
All I want is a baby pool and a slip 'n slide.
u damn right about that
Windy at Sawgrass, reminds me of a certain March Players when we froze
Has anyone used SK-II? If I thought for a minute it would actually make my skin look like Cate Blanchett's, I'd consider shelling out the $!
does that mean you can use it outside of AT&T?
I hate Paisley. It's the ugliest fucking pattern ever.
Fun fact: knows the lyrics to "The Saga Beings" by Weird Al. Normal? or not?
At home, processing the photographs from last nights Herstory workshop.
Recognized soo many faces today.
See my previous tweet re: Punk Planet
yeah very true, wish we didn't have the plans though I'm going to be freaking out the entire ride home
There's a seagull outside my window. he keeps staring at me and chattering. I'm scared.
Wonder if him & his girl fukin right now..!
I'll stop by. See you then.
Audition Tip: Stay prepared by increasing your audition repertoire to include more songs & monologues in various styles.
YES!! THIS IS THE FRIDAY THAT I'VE BEEN WAITNG FOR!! TODAY I'M CAR SHOPPING @ A POLICE AUCTION! :-D
lol!! RT : "my name's not ripley, i aint trying to make you believe anything..." - looney on the bus. just about lost it...
What's up yall.
Nick Cannon has the charisma of a catheter insertion.
no problem
I'm getting quickly hooked on Mezcal Old Fashioneds . . . .
I bet you are hoping for extras out in the Bay,
I luv it when I do an audition and the casting director hanging onto my every word. Almost begging 4 my next line. Ok I'm off my high
Just want to get today over with -.-
Chicago and Les Mis
While the site is back up the FB stuff seems effed...meh
Just unfollowed Shabazz Muhammad and it felt so right.
what's the chances of a Braun and Fielder co-MVP in the national league? It happened in football awhile back...
Why didn't I work out in high school? What did I waste my time doin?
text me real quick please
A3 getting on the boards of other arts nonprofits in your community can help in addition to your day job
Griffin, why do you do this to yourself....
Still on the phone ugh
Great job on the video!
I love it. Still on phase one. Challenging but when you see improvements you will love it! And don't take as long either.
I am so sleepy today.. wtf I can't even keep my eyes open. more coffee stat!!
looks yummy auntie, is that feta?
The bar phone fell over and died. So don't call the bar. We'll get another one tomorrow.
Young children learn incredibly quickly by following the example of people they admire. Have you read with a child today?
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
What are you cookin' up for your #GlutenFree Thanksgiving??
missn was a success
Thank you!
yeah, so it says in her facebook status. guess we're not going out
On my ipadddddd.
got a small ass shirt on right now..... Lol
He was WIDE open
Nothing wrong with a little friendly competition this am... Beastmode with Paul n James!!
Shut up
I'm am attempting to get happy on Strawberry Rhubarb margarita....i will be streaking our 'hood soon!
Time waits fa no man nor woman....so im up n at 'em!!!!
you know those days when you're pretty much just useless at getting anything done at work because your mind is somewhere else?
that must suck :( sry but my mom makes me walk to skool every day with some annoying brat without my say in it!! :p
academic discourse has a serious-making impulse at its center that makes it bad at thinking through the unserious
thanks buddy!
RT: Moms been taking ALL my friends since 6th grade *shrugs* ... Jeez, go old already. > ya tu sabe!! ;)
Heard a docent call it a "flash bang" the other day. "We have a flash bang here on the wall." ADORABLE. Do try it.
Game tomorrow should be fun
here's one for stay-at-home parents/writers: how do you transition from writing to parenting and vice versa? I'm always 0-60 mph! or tot is.
Really wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender. Thanks Drake, Emily, Josh, and Ryan.
The show is about to begin . Come join the discusion www.FocusSociety.com
lmaoooo i was knocked out
5th graders obsessed with Hunger Games. WHY can't we have it in our library too... Should it be in K-5? SLJ rec's 7-9 and I agree.
YEA. ~le calls people.
Going on a jog. Yeah buddy
Growing is painful.... Staying the same hurts more**
Joe Cocker - She Came In Through The Bathroom Window - 05:37 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Little known fact - if you yank Steven Seagal's pony tail 3 times, it calls Chuck Norris from his orbiting space satellite.
But what about just getting access to our digitized stuff. Why is visiting part of the motivation?
I didn't watch the video to see if maybe the tiers are misleading; "I alone beweep my outcast state" (Sonnet 29)
My mom's only comment on my fudgy melty brownies: "Oh...you didn't put nuts in them." No. No I didn't ruin them with evil, evil walnuts.
St. Louis....Show-Me State
ok..u watching the game
I felt queasy the entire time I was there. Didn't realize what it was until we were home. Smokes burn a long time there!
Thank goodness you're able to delete tweets. Last night was just crazy.
...wondering if event attendance will decrease because everyone is too busy with tweets and f@#*book these days...
u have an HTC now??? When u off again?
I just wana go home and sleep'
Making today by bitch.... And setting the tone for a great week ahead of me.
doesn't look like it'll be this year! Sorry to tell ya.
Wow, life is good! Despite so much adversity hitting me, it is getting even better! God, Thank you so much for that.
I think it was this morning - could you see it from your place??
Ice Cube stopped smokin weed and started droppin crap like Are We There Yet lol! get my point
#Imagine Guy: Hey you're really pretty. Austin: Back off! She belongs to me. <333 :$
my pleasure, and ours...
lol that's the same question my mom was asking (: It looks like though 😲
If Chelsea played like this against someone in the Prem they'd be torn apart... because its against Barcelona its "heroic"
Chief to Padron's parents "Thank you for giving us your son."
Okay. So I'm in love with They're amazing. Also, would like to thank for almost, but not kicking me in the face.
You moon the wrong person at an office party and suddenly you're not "professional" any more.
is there ever a chance of One Direction performing in Hawaii?????
Am having the greatest hookah in the whole planet
which song? where? and How Cool!??!
That woman is the man! Have an awesome rehearsal.
I gotta powerful mind
HOLIDAY POTLUCK TODAY!
Hey #ASU DPC students, the Fair Trade Cafe across the street from the Ucent is offering 50% an in-house drink with a valid student ID.
I'm riding with the Valkyries tonight. Opera is awesome!
Finished with school. leaving for the airport in basically an hour. AFRICA BOUND.
Romney must show American people that he has a charitable heart in order to win in November
i love country its my life so its all i sometimes listen to
You're going to make someone pretty darn happy!!!!
Play with your dog every day! Playtime is a great way to show your pet how much you love him!
As someone who has converted part of their studio into a storage locker, I can sympathize with having all the extra crap.
I lied-kind of! I have internet but not wireless! I feel like I am in the stone age! Comcast give me a break please!!
I just thought that.. I was like "Hey - is running this meeting!" congrats, btw
The best way to tell someone you don't like them is to text them "370HSSV 0773H" and tell them to read it upside down.
haha that's awesome, spread the word about Life Between Sleep in Germany for us! :)
im quite fond of old stuff like woody guthrie, the almanac singers, joe hill, etc... a different time but the same struggle.
Dinner was insanely yummy at #Haven in Jack London Square! Now we're all nestled in for sweet dreams and shameless snoring.
dude, i love you. you freakin' rock. san antonio fucking loves you guys. come back soon, m'love. <3
ewh, it must be hot ._. So this week do you have to make the same look but modern or you just learn about it? :)
Liz Falletta from USC SPPD would know. Not on twitter, though. Could send you her email.
I like all of the music in my itunes, except when it’s on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my itunes.
follow me luke dkslsls
Maybe OK if an #entrepreneurship track is added to the curriculum to help students innovate and face new challenges ?
u from Dallas i seen those legs b4
I will unfollow funnytweets if Selena n Justin say to follow again
To get his teeth crowned!
Starting Off My Last Week Of My Senior Year :)
I didn't feel an earthquake, but how bout' YOU!?
Trying to get back in the saddle, but the atmospheric colors make it hard to find my enemies.
Guess What Merci!
Sry for the late response! Been unplugged in FL helping a friend move. Will have to look for The Rook. Thx for recommending!
Pay Day is the best day. Nothing better then stacks fillin up the pockets.
Spread the word folks, exciting things to come! While you're at it follow &
61 deaths of children in #Maryland 2008 - 2010 but only 3 deaths disclosed.
is he a year yet?
Needa professionally written bio? Hit me up for details
Not A Huge Fanbase. Built this up from nothing. But im humble and appreciate everything as of this point.
Definitely sounded like "Bob", I may be mistaken. Pap did refer to Scutaro as an Ex-Yankee but it's all good the mans a legend
berlin action \m/
#YouKnowYouRatched if mr. lam had something to say about your hair!
How do you see them so much???
Why I gotta wait??..
let's coordinate one 2gether!
Imma Marine, Imma Killer, With The Need To Bleed, Got A need To Beat U When The Light Goes Green! - USMC- Hard Corps.
Had an amazing time last nite w/ thanks 4 letting me hang guys!!! Love ya :-)
All things are possible to him who believes!
Just attended " be there" east valley networking event. Not bad, trying the linguini at arrivederci trattoria.
by now available via Amazon/CreateSpace, iBookstore, Kindle, Nook, KOBO, Sony eReader, BooksonBoard, and more..
Awesome question
$1 FOR A 8 PACK THEY RIP REAL EASY
Am I crazy or is it abundantly clear Nate has lost the team?
See the glass half full not Half empty ... <3
I sunk to her level and gave her a few choice words in return. I feel like shit about it now.
Cartoon Network is so inappropriate in so many different levels
where are the best places to watch The Saints games? we will RT the best!!!
In the late 90s, Canadian Prime Minister Chretien told me his nickname for Pres. Clinton was "Mulligan".
DID YOU LISTEN TO SAY SOMETHIN OMG <3
Not the stuff you guys did. We're just overwhelmed. Again. Send reinforcements. ;-)
Heading out for West Palm Beach's today (: Today's gonna be a blast!
its awesome!
np -- I know how it feels! Hope you get some rest!
This guy humped my friend last night hahahah!
At Gravity Recording Studios, Chicago!
Here's one for you. The TN House & Senate passed a resolution Thursday urging Manning to sign wthe Titans
Ordering my thoughts before starting on the final chapter of the Black Gold sequel. Will be on the site of the final chapter Saturday!
I just went to a gay wedding with Louie CK
Almost able to get some new colors (finally) on Any recommendations? I'm thinking Mardi Gras...
Its on Netflix.
have your people call my people. #BG#BJ. I got people to impress
I <3 my mom
Shopping and Avengers with my madre !! :)
This is gonna take a while for things to gel for the #RedSox. I;m ready for their first win. Just no shut out today please. :-(
Got a job n a body shop. Pretty stoked. Had to let all the tweeters know about it.
hey man great to see u on here! It was great working with u!
Big Announcement Tomorrow Going to be Huge...............Specyphi What you Believe............
A. SAFEWAY
Oh really lol
Great recording session this morning, yummy salad for lunch, full bottle of alkaline water-off to join the "in shape" club & go for a hike!
If somebody thinks you got killed then that's just what it is. A man should not be scared to speak his mind.
The neighborhood havent been cleaned up yet,
thank ya but has 200 subs :/
Recipe: Asparagus Quiche with Phyllo Crust
will meet , , , , & at later tonight with to the rescue!
cool... Thank YOU... I will reach back out.... Enjoy!
RT : thanks for the S/O much love! All g bro
When you come to New York I can give you a tour of all the beautiful place here
Love you♥ :3
doin the most right now
I know!! Reminds me why I'm a preservationist.
how are the birth control splint doing?
goals are a very good thing for your life
I think I did good enough bout to leave this damn school building and hit the streets now.
looked at those pics you're talking about, and then as the trending topic goes
For life is more than food, and the body more than clothes. (Luke 12:22, 23 NIV)
Hm. Okay. And in a minute I'll need to deal with this because i have to get out the car.
Hmm. Days for new habits to take hold. I'm thinking years.
One Amazing Person To Follow Is Help Her Get To 200 Follwers
My Bitch Bad lookin Like a Bag Of Money 💰💰
- Awesome! Amazing! Check your message box soon, and I can't wait to read your recommendations! A group of us may be
Maybe he'd just returned from a Caribbean island where everyone wears sharks' teeth around their necks. :-D
I think I talked more UK basketball with fans in FLA than I did anything else.
My favorite song is PIGTAILS. I love it!!!!
WTF CHARLES BARKLEY JUST LOST ALL MY RESPECT
new pupies LOVE IT,thx for the very very beautiful(CHIHUAHUA)
Busy film fest week!! kicks off tomorrow, on Thursday!
You're obsessed with stars
Bosh hurt
& are gold coasts finest. #ThatsTheTruth xo
Happy Friday to you, too, Good Friend! I so appreciate the #FF Love. You're the best :-)
hehe, I def needed my iPhone to spell it right!
came out pretty dope
Follow me Belieber too
. says: it's the job of ppl who do digital work to tell students: "no, you need to go visit special collections."
What is really good with this snow right now?
peple who live in the past.. wow
lol girl yes I would give you the only dirty stare as if I don't do the same thing
Watching replay of Nats game, looking for evidence of hot stuff issue...
Politicians avoid the term "lies" when talking about opponents. We shouldn't. Scott Walker lies. Daily.
I still waiting to hear from our start line, but the rest is coming together wonderfully. Its going to be a real MKE experience.
Beer and chocolate tasting sat at 3 And we've still got some spots left!!
Good to know its passing! We've still got thunder and darker skies in Milwaukee.
Jazz fan for the day. If they win then the #Twolves secure a first round draft pick. Let's go Jazz!
couldnt do it w out your support i love you
mine was ok had the house painted today but it was ok :)
Thanks! That makes 7 in a row now! Almost my old record of 8
we've been here always! How are you?
I Hate that cant like a girl with out everyone getting mad </3
70% of mobile users live in the developing world.
My mom said "you look taller, you have a growth spurt"? I said maybe you're just shrinking... Lmao. Then she hit me with her belt. Lol
Can the #Sakai #OAE train be stopped? News at 11.
I miss where I could just scroll through my favorites on Youtube & it wouldn't refresh...just play the video. *Sigh* Come back...x
Good luck! Hopefully it's not a zoo! :)
These white kids never share their answers 😒
Advice On Finding Patio Fire Pits On The Internet
: Post your pretty spring flowers pics!
Please forgive us, as we are having technical difficulties with the channel. We're working on it NOW!!!
Sweet summertime.
Persnickety promotions has gotten out of dark ages.. we are on twitter... Followin' up on the CT Mag Bridal show for now.... toodles..
I don't hate you, I never will. I just act like I do, because it's easier than admitting that I miss you.
I've always thought they were equally authentic versions. Lemon and cognac... Lime and gin. Maybe cointreau? LOVE them.
: Ha, do you really? It gave me a good Friday morning laugh. :)
really? where in Pewaukee? I'm here too and didn't hear anything.
They relieved him of his headache all right!
yeah, I think there is a lot to be done in this space. How can I alert all my neighbors of a crime/missing pet?
#SupportBlackBusinesses ...or they'll go extinct
#vrrusa urban libraries have more active vr stats-embarrassing for us at HC-geography a factor on both coasts
about Loser toddles off the public stage?Oops,unfair McCain doesnt have one
": I hate driving every car but mine" same, you have an awesome trunk ;)
i cant lie i use to jam the shit out of this trina -still the baddest album
I don't know why I ever tried so hard.
i want a song with and #SusanBoyle ... #SimonCowell , make it happen <3
Its a disappointing feeling but I will let Only God judge me. He knows me very well ;)
Looks like I missed some continued debate last night after I went to bed. Note to tweeters on their professional account: [+]
a chia-pet app, pick faces, grow hair, cut hair, post to wall people vote on best
Ah MB! Dammit But I Have A Concert At 5:30 And I'm Gonna Miss It :(
again. Here's the "professional" image I'm working on putting together. :)
Just a heads up to all you shippers out there. NEVER use you're better off using a carrier pigeon
Like a fine wine, HotMess info cannot be released before its TIME!
tonight was crazy. my head hurts
oh i do every night ;)
#KippMemories when their girls volleyball team lost to ours !
now I will give him a try just to quell the extreme curiosity.
i just dont want a whole bunch of girls..and no guys..we need me..it just cant be a lesbian show only lol
how old is she? Maybe ask her how she uses/will use her celebrity for good?
lol i'm surprised my mom didn't say anything when I walked in
#Aquarius are really aliens from another planet. I am jealous!!
Jump on WebCamWindow during halftime for the WCW SuperBowl Party!
Be sure and sound proof a room.
haha recovering now with mimosas “: After partayyyyy ”
My girlfriend got me addicted to skins!
DMV pledges new methods will help stop bribery and fraud in issuing driver's licenses.
I don't understand this forensics crossword. At all.
thanks for following! (:
Just no attempt to attack, given that containment is unlikely to work
Shorts (super short) and a nice tank top maybe my glitter one
Here I sit near retarded waiting for this thing to get started
'Twilight' Star Kellan Lutz Relished 'Normal Guy' Role In New Movie
It feels so much later than 3:15, today just needs to be over.
PEACE everybody be back tweeting ant 4:30 luv ya and remember
i can do something better but if u........... lmao ima keep that in bad thoughts
I love how all these flies keep touching me.... -___-
"You don't have to tell me" / It's a trap!
Dragged myself to the gym. Hoping it will wake me up.
Rehearsing tonight for Saturday's gig in Cambridge
I hate when people text me then don't write me back when I text back.. don't start a convo with me if you don't intend to end it
Some Beliebers never met Justin. Never went to his concerts. He never noticed them. But still, they love him. That's what makes them real.
STEP BOYS WERE. WOAH. MY GORSH I DIED LAUGHING.
"I'll take plagiarism for $100, Alex"
international phone calls for free? yes, you can. Ipod + Skype
That was a fake account before
can u please follow me back?
Oh, I missed that part. Then how about a Tic Tac and a sprinkling of crystal meth?
Agreed, nice work, I heard some online : Nice work, really nice!
wouldn't that be nice. Seems like Rush doesn't take very good care of himself. Maybe he'll do himself in.
If the second half is anything like the first, I'm downloading #doodlejump -
it's so amazing here. Nice to feel genuinely happy & excited for the future!!! When r u moving???
Oh. Cool :o
Lakers are looking pretty good, I still like my pick of them coming out of the west.
Anthony Michael Hall & Emilio Estevez turned down the roles of Ferris and Cameron in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
This FORCED ultrasound SHIT has me so fucking pissed. I want to BEAT the fuck out of Republicans!!!
ask everyone to follow me. ur good at doing that
All the cypher I was in, goin in, givin niggas a reason to remember me
If Scott Brown insists on calling his opponent "Professor" Warren (cuz she earned it) shouldn't we call him "Cosmo Centerfold" Brown?
thats less arrogant than one guy calling himself the king imo
Im chillin bitch!!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!21
Lost a cenote.
Great morning at ! Excited to be starting work with !
Does anyone know if the #TCAS are going to be on uStream or something? No cable at my cottage D:
I HAVE NO IDEA :(
haha a-bitch-illy. That's what I read.
Longest day ever.
Just ate at Lucky's Cafe in Dallas & #JerryJones, owner of the Cowboys, sat down at the table next to us!
Once again Philadelphia Comic is light on the programing and panels. With all those great guests you think they would do more.
I just fired Lost--could barely even get through episode 4.
I'm going to like this.....if I get that far. It's coming together.
You two made my morning. Thanks. :-D
I'll say it again, Southland is such a damn beautiful show.
Just got the Wagon, past the 1st Generation, recruiting monsters, getting the Zenithian Sword, etc...
And then, suddenly, it isn't! (see my timeline earlier today for more on this, by the way)
“ A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. ” ― John Barrymore
A good ??? is husbands why would you not buy your wife/mother of your seed a gift? Oh, cause you carried a life in your womb for 9 months;/
Library who integrated social media into new site trained staff On social media before they launched
you da man
Been a LAKERS fan since I was 11
Twitter made me realize there are hella fine a$$ ppl in this world! Damn!!
what's going on
Boogie Nights is my favorite movie—of any director
Yo thank god Reggie Miller ain't broadcasting this game just because I hate his shit talk and he played for the pacers
Did you hear the new Elvis Costello live album? I heard it's "WHEELY" Good! RT: : the new Elvis Costello live album
I walked up to a homeless dude this morning, pulled out my wallet and realized I had no cash. The look on his face was priceless.
GoodDogs in the Menil parking lot for Friday lunch--not to be missed.
If you're in the WP area check out from 4-6PM, 2 veg sliders and a beer for $7.50. Awesome veg restaurant if you haven't been!
Ever Tried. Ever Failed. No Matter. Try Again. Fail Again. Fail Better.
If i have to tell you about it, then you don't get it
Such a boring day. Time seems to move slow on boring days
Is anyone planning on buying Facebook stock? Call us 866-954-0999
12. K-Rod thought process: / let the scrubs get on bases / then strike out Matt Kemp!!!
I wish the sun would never go down & that it stays the same it is right now forever 
Can't wait to try it after I deliver this baby :)
I'm in Leavenworth, WA!! I wish you were here <3
Check the score board
Is officially single. Now I can go fuck the whole world and be the person people thank I am anyway WOO HOO!!!!!!!
said i love havin sex but i rather get some head
Yes I am always oblivious
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!! Check out Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
#MyFavoriteSongsEver Something in the way and School. Nirvana. Fuck yeah.
someone please e-mail me a link to the radio interview I can't pull it off of Twitter
This generation is so lost
Fletcher place and holy rosary are going to be the neighborhoods to love in.
Yes - I am now a Vizsla fan! RT:Is Tom Jordan a #vizsla fan also!
ugh. I'm really bummed. Who's all there? Where'd y'all go?
I love Valero for having cheese and hot fritos ( :
: Thanks for the RT! :)
#happymothersday. You're the best.
I think the real question is has anyone ever froze their laptop on purpose?
Opening Night of Rip Tide!!!
I had trouble with my computer. The help desk said it was an ID ten T error. "What's that?" I asked. Write it down... I D 1 0 T
Dear Red Robin, your service was not up to par today and that hurts me because I <3 you. :o(
heyy sweetheart!! How's ur sleep?? ♥
i love you two!!! Text me :)
When You're In Love, You Start Losing Touch Of Reality And Everything Around You. Once That Person Disappears, Reality Hits You Hard
Two Nicholas Cages on SNL! Absolutely hilarious.
Technology changed teaching methods. How can we provide children in developing countries with the same opportunities?
How in the world do you upload photos on Twitter?
Oh, and can they please stop nominating Meryl Streep every year just for existing?
Goodnight, friends. Hope we wake up tomorrow, seeing as the conservatives don't see our subculture as "the real world."
Thanks to Everyone that came to J&B's Last night your where Amazing Packed house and good people we love you all... Specyphi
Just sold my tix to that. Only got $4 each. I guess you're not alone in that assessment.
thany K you, same here. Hope to see you around soon.
for sure girly!!
while you're in Wausau hit up Chang Garden for the sushi!
appreciate your kindness. :)
Better question: Do NYG scare you?
I know i heardly go on twitter until now i am lame! how are u? p.s gorgeous pic love =)
Our practice and mission statement
re: phone screens. At least all the germs on my phone are mine. Not so much the public toilet. Advise against licking either.
marched in the anti-violence parade. yes, in the rain. it was a pretty good time!
Thank you for Following!
Go to school Go directly to school do not pass GO Do not collect $200
add me on xbox mygamer tag is felipelikes
I'll do it.
Sweet sixteen baby!! Hoosiers!!!
RT : Working on more #REVIVE New Eras, what you wanna see?....I want to see some Lions Fitteds and other football teams
you guys need to put "So Far, So Good" on stream somewhere online so I can make others listen to it. It's a great song.
So tweeters, whats your favorite color scheme on the new Lashman poster? Retweet Us With an answer!
Cabrera must've given the ump some of his private stash. That was a strike.
I hate the point and I hate the plot. I'd rather exist and share stories of everything that happens in between.
sends #FF well wishes to new followers (Hey, beautiful!), , and
Good night Niall. Sweet dreams.
He's copying me 2 seconds before I do it.
www.pbase.com/issyr - Nature, Wildlife and Landscape Photography by issyr, Denver, CO
I am testing the waters with your twitter account!
Heading to the tooth doctor for some routine construction
yes I'm sitting down with a pink dress on.
My heart is breaking. : (
I really want new song but I do not have any money for iTunes:(
Thank you :) It's all about stimulating each body part as you go along. I do tend to linger on the inner thighs & bum though :)
I like when people DM me and say "thanks for following me. To connect with me a million other places click here and here and..."
yup mine too! Even better to me than the 96 team I think this team was so much fun to watch!
2010 final four hits for #Indy as a city crushed 2006 final four results
Omg stfu to those saying the Monster Pit is a "bad idea". If you don't like the idea don't even try to fuckin get in it
ZIGGY! What a character...he's still adding to his legend out here
The only life worth living is a live lived on the edge ~ bia
It's spartan game day go sparta!!!
So... tell me something I dont know
RT Placing hands too wide or too narrow will increase the difficulty of the exercise
Great skipping god. Please please oh please get the power back up. Our boil and bottle-filler NEED YOU.
I never had a question but I also told the interviewer I had researched them before coming in
You Talkinn Mad Stuff Baby Bye Well Well Well You Gonee Learn Todayy Claws
who was that towards?
Wad Up Fam
thank you again for everything!
ooc; with who
Today is International Polar Bear Day! Nearly all arctic animals are at risk of extinction from global warming.
Sometimes Twitter just doesn't deserve my presence. But I don't want you to enter the real world without my blessing.
i have the best daddy in the world, no doubt about it
here u go
2 more day :) it gonna be one best friday :)
Thank you!!
haha no i know. i understood haha
what's up rookie. You look like Roddy B. and The bulls will bounce the Heat in the playoffs!
I'm so excited for Dirty Work!! I love you :)
Summer Shandy is one of the worst beers I have ever had.
Heck of a run..
but getting back on track and truly dedicated to pursing my self publishing venture ... stay tuned I'm looking forward to your feedback
Doodle Jump > The Lakers
If we beat OKC tomorrow without Rose, Im Convinced !
Audio engineering and audio consulting will be provided by Shinoby Mitsuaka check her bio out in KP services.
I just need to measure noise level at the property line. A coarse-grained result may be OK.
I'm so mad.
While in Częstochowa, my grandmother saved her brother's life by hiding him during a transport selection.
oh my goodness :( I'm sorry I hope it gets better!!! Let me know what happens
Hoosiers and UK Wildcats not free to schedule one more needless cupcake in December. Pro Wrestling jobbers even think it's a disgrace...
Invest in a brighter future today, with Columbia Education. www.columbiaprep.com
thanks, man! I will!
You have to train your mind like no one else to win -Apolo Ono
#LakerHater for life.
Dont forget the hot sauce nigga!!
Kentucky looks great!! Not sure Kansas has the horses to win this.
A woman will go a long way for the man she's in love with. She'll go further for a man who loves her back
Rain was deep and hard from the airport.... Everything is very wet!
i know!! i'm pretty bummed. i was looking forward to reading them when i got homesick in korea.
I drop my phone like 50x a day
Hey fans, wrote about her unusual attempt to cure heartache. (Her novel out this week)...
It's fucked up how I waited for this.
Yay! My tax rebate came today. What fun thing should I spend it on? Oh wait... I own a house. :( .............. Attic insulation it is. meh.
thanks for the RT!
take your sweet time popeye.
On that Stanford TD martin bit on fake
if by going down she means beating you every tenth game, then sure!
they're doing Dutch auctions for some Chorizo lawn ornaments on the Brewers web site... you should bid!
Yes sir:)
Please go follow she is sweet and follows back
It is estimated that at any given time, 6 million Americans have Type II diabetes without knowing it.
So happy to see you yesterday! “: Happy new year!!! Healthy eats in Princeton NJ!!! Green Juice & Deluxe Veggie Wrap"
back to TX :( ? well i'll see you before you go.
it just says small....
I like your new avi...you look so cute!
Couldn't agree more. Expectations are infectious.
You'd leave Charleston for AL???
Lol. Yeah. You got that right. :-)
Hi! We'd love to chat with you about our new kids line!
been sleep allday , this job draining me lol !!
thanks for everything you do mike. Make following my beloved wild easy even though I live in Portland. Appreciate you
#HateIt How Friends change Jst Bcuz they Meet New People
Being in a relationship is not about kissing, dates or showing off. It's about being with the person who makes you happy.
Wants dark chocolate ice cream
that awkward moment when a retarded kid is late to class and the teacher calls him tardy
Both AUDUSD AUDJPY testing psychological handles. Looking for a rejection of.
dhimmitude lives: there are blinking red lights on the chase bldg and the one next to it. They did not fly into bldgs b/c of no lights, OK?
Thanks for all the feedback, Danville! Next event is May 20th with Prof. Greg Fairchild of Darden – same time and place.
Indeed; a perpetual talkback of the most informative order.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~ Dalai Lama
Florida St trying to find a way to lose....smh
I need to do something nice for myself.
ill miss seeing you at twins games and keys.....rethink it. Rethink it
IS THAT REALLY WHAT I SOUND LIKE?
That app is fugly. $22M is silly. We're in a bubble. The end.
RT if you've met Austin before. ❤
Passes on sale now. $200 gets you into everything, plus VIP parties, etc. AND you can share it with friends and fam!
First day working = success!
RT : RT : Wow, Hard Rock roof was sick! Still want to know where the Secret Show is tonight? Post a link on how...
That's who I want leading my team :-)
same here. Spent the last 4 innings nervously rubbing my thumb over the D on my hat...
RT : if I have my headphones in I'm obviously not gonna hear/answer you when you talk to me ...
I was the first person to buy a copy of #thedruginmeisyou at my local hot topic today, the cd is killer!
For all the ringing of hands about the #Phillies, a win tonight makes them 20-19 in a winnable division.
At the mall ready to go !
When I find a man that can make his penis vibrate. #ImGettinMarried Lmao so serious
same here. Tried to nap earlier & didn't come close to falling asleep. Can't turn my brain off. Tonight will be no different.
I know best class ever
I know thats a term that B Chilton uses when he's writing! Right B Chilton?
Stingy ass bitches FYL
I love when people do this. I have a shitty vehicle, so no prob parking so close you cant open your door.
Strategic planning comm will be surveying fac, students, and staff for input.
hell yea i got work at 6 tommorow but other than that im free
sexy thing cum to daddy
Those who are tired of my tweets, my bad, "but that's how good her a$$ is." lol
... Feelings on this new Spiderman ... Is it suppose to be after the others or all new entirely?
Marrige; Betting someone half your shit that youll love them forever.
so have you missed me :-) lol
Thanks Katie. You're always looking out for me. But I'm always cheering YOU on.
Rachel turns 21 in 17 hours. Am I dreaming this look out arizona
Now the real award goes to the one who can find a practical way to use it. Seems like a novelty idea to me.
Porn? RT : I feel blessed to do something I love and get paid for it. Even part time.
Stay classy, Milwaukee.
Not gonna miss the Canucks game tomorrow night
Sorry. I’m not staring at you. I’m daydreaming and you were in my way.
I needa see u asap before I leave k?
Not following ? Why not? He's a good dude! Let's get him to 40,000 followers! CEO of Shop today!
Gotcha. I gotta get more current on my lyrics. :)
well you are a godmother ;) very cute!!
can't agree more!
tweet sumn soon
honestly, it just makes the baby jesus sad.
Hello , & We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
Im a huge Lions fan, and honestly doesn't want Nickeback. I mean cmon. This ain't the CFL. Let them perform at an Eskimos game.
Seated and tweeted with a tiki cocktail.
Sounds like an Ohio state love fest
My resolution: be the consumer-focused innovator
rumor around G&L is our 2nd shipment of #ButterCowBandannas just arrived! I'll keep you updated
indeed gorgeous! Makes me want to get married at the Del :)
I could live with that...Rather go Silatou and then trade up for Kendricks...but what do I know lol
Who's coming to FREE breakfast week next week? Purchase any item and get the item of the day FREE! We're open from 9-10:30 for breakfast.
Fuck a tattoo let ya actions be ya ink ya love be the needle and ya loyalty stamp the picture on yaself so I can see.
oh boy. looking at my grades and how close I am bordering a B and an A in two classes kinda makes me sick to my stomach. This is not okay.
#2 NEW STORE ALERT - Check out new partner ! Now save big on the hottest fashion trends at www.BlastOffNetwork.com!
Up early working at #donateliferunwalk at #csufullerton. Time to prep for donor families.
What started as a productive, relaxing Saturday turned into changing a flat in 94 degrees and having to buy 3 new tires
Beautiful Miami Beach........
To learn more, and for other ways to support the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, you should also be following
WTF, is Stoglin even guaranteed to get drafted? I was so high on the Terps for next year too!
When u sleep, Im up.. Thats why im in front.
oh hail yes! ps are you skipping with us on sr skip day!?
Cespedes has 2 doubles off Cain. Same place: down the left field line.
When this song come on I'm spendin money !!!
thanks sir! I'll be down for Capital Fringe so perhaps our paths will cross!
My cat, Hunter, would like everyone to know he is upset that it's pouring outside.
I was so excited to do some XML, PPH, and so on down this computer language. Until my professor announced "let's do some SQL" Fucker!😡👎
I guess players will only think like cheaters and use game to practice lies on those willing to believe them.
soo much better in my opinion. they're amazing:)
Join us for happy hour 5-7 today!
hey u trying yo mach
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! She is about 1/3 in so I'm guessing she is at the first sex scene.
keeping it real ;)
I am up for it. how bad can it be?
Would like to exhibit some photography at UnSmoke.
if he saved one life he did his job . Let it be knowen if you break the law you will pay if not for this one the next.
Got home, took a nap. Woke up with two cats on top of my chest.
You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it
Best conversation last night with can't wait to read his proposed book!
thinkin of ya : ) and lifequotes knows where its at ; )
Lots of energy everywhere you speak. What doesn't already exist, you provide. Have a great day!
Congrats to #ARAthlete Drew () who got a pre-draft workout with the Green Bay Packers. Good luck, way to #AthleteUp!...
Well, he knocked out Pete (Best). It was the best I could do...
Portal 2, please.
mad at me for no reason? i could care less.
contact at refresh-dc dot org!
At first I wasnt supportive of gay marriage,but its sad that people are still discriminated against an its not for us 2 judge,thats Gods job
How You Like Me Now
could be the hail too...
": When Jones wants to turn it on.... He's the best player on the floor!" Cal says best in country. Maybe he's right. Lol
There's no such thing as a bad derby cake. They all look and taste great after a few mint juleps:)
s/o to a beautiful woman inside and out, my friend for life. Luv u mama. Thank u for being there for me when times are tough.
Beauty gets attention but personality gets the heart.
Is it firkin friday time yet? i need beer badly
EEk..... It's Raining
If you wanna Danny Glover, you gotta git wit mah Riggs. (spice girls. sing it like the spice girls.)
Welcome to the EPL #Javier Hernandez. Not competing in the #Olympics to rest will benefit #ManU but hurt Mexico. Good news is he will...
RIP Uncle Rob
ahahaha :) I will put that on my light-year long to-do list.
Yes! RT it's great to see all the emerging arts professional groups on twitter today!
good choice! What did you drink?
it's just a beta, lol, it's free. It's EA's problem anyway. They'll fix it.
Crazy snow in Chicago!! Wish I was there experiencing it!
Being single doesn't make you unhappy, but the thoughts you have about being single.
: Must admit. I don't understand twitter at all, but this is Arcadia. Cheers!
Designing a concept for a new Milwaukee charter school's groundbreaking event!
Watching on We dig your words!
Why is it called the horn of africa?
Maybe Tebow is our pass- rusher solution!
Any West Des Moines tweeps know of Crossroads Elementary School parents who are upset over a video shown by a sub teacher? DM me please!
Happy New Year to you!
Loving this session on recreating physicality in product UI...came by accident by super cool
Everyone must be headed to PCC forperformances & a luau!! There are only 3 other locals on this bus and one is the bus driver.
O Israel, hope in the Lord! For with the Lord there is mercy and loving-kindness, and with Him is plenteous redemption. - Psalm 130:7
get it earl!!!
hahaha night! Sweet dreams ;)
walks in the room and everyone gets whip lash:)
Huge difference there
Papersource is amazing. I can spend hours and hundreds in there. The one on armitage is the best one.
How do you go by approaching this situation lol
You live in Virginia?
Show us your Halloween costumes!!! What skills did you use to put it together? Sewing, thrifting, welding? Dumpster diving? We want to know!
Josh Hamilton haha, and Derek Jeter.
next time we'll give you an old school tether for your iPad and passport. enjoy home!
BBJ's Heavy Hitters in Real Estate event is next week!! Sign up now! Go to our site for more information. www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com
LOL. And Friday your ear is gonna have a new hole in it. K? Friday.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💻
Thanks for following me,
Ready to get my summer on
you still alive?
Just because you say you're a "Christian rapper" doesn't mean you're saved..
Knowledge speaks...wisdom listens!”
Thank you my friend! Enjoy your weekend!
#np 'Who's that girl' Madonna
Me ears are still throbbing
RT : Freaks don't come out until they pregame
Brilliant! It was just a matter of time.
hello beautiful I'm a hip hop artist looking 4 management I clicked the link but had trouble loadin the pg
Good luck and hope you're feeling okay!
#sunsentinel needs to pay attention to your tweets. #weseered #boycottsunsentinel. Tired of page 3 and. O pics on a big win
Thank you to everyone who came to experience tonight. Atlanta represented and she was elated!
where did my vacation go?
I guess I should just let some things go--but the arguments for the MID are such bull****, I have a hard time being quiet.
I don't take one man's word as gospel. Never have, never will. No matter who it is.
its 130 and I'm jamin this champion track fellin like luda on the so hood remix smh. Much luv
I wonder if would ever do plus size modeling for American next top model that would be great to see
You know what i love.. How Cody looks so mad onstage sometimes :)
you obviously have no part in cassidy's and my love life so "just hop off!"
David, thank you so much!! It's such a pleasure to help steward ! Glad you are having an amazing RISE Week! :)
Great conversation about arts education w/South Bay and Peninsula orgs at Arts Education Brown Bag Meeting
Haley and Campbell drop the gloves. Haley with the decision but both players got some very good shots in
Tonight is gonna be crazy @ Myst (AZ) for the Ratio Party!!! Hit me up for guest list or info @ (602)882-0317....
You already know! RT : We gon get dis money !
at the Fess Parker winery, you can buy tiny coonskin caps to top your bottles of vino
Our Thursday & Friday schedules are full. Please call Monday morning to schedule your windshield repair.
how aren't we trying hard enough???
I wish I could be a model :p is it fun?
Jays and Indians sure do like playing baseball! Headed into extra innings again-- top of the 10th
- Agree think he's earned it by now!
Please stop talking to me. :)
Bums me out how people like my art but got nothing to say, even a little feedback would be nice . Like hey man, that art is wack like crack!
Just got sad news about my parents dog. Why must bad things happen to adorable pets.
#RnBThrowBacks : Promise ~ Jagged Edge
Is in D.C.
Skating for the first time in forever. #rightnowisuckatthis ...
#nowplaying all i want for christmas is you -justin bieber and mariah carey
Dog beach today was awesome
RT : Nomination process spread out this year - Super Tuesday awards only fifth of all delegates, compared to half in 08
Still buzzing from watching last night. He's so amazing, & he only played 3 songs! Can't wait til he brings his solo tour to LA!
~I hate u couldn't make it n~sry-maybe next year u can make it over here ;)
really good fried cheese, and prosecco to go with it!
GOOD MORNING TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS TO MANY TO NAME
Thank you! We'd love to send you a FREE sandwich/salad card to make it up to you. Please DM your mailing address.
The Women's #Leadership Conference is in full swing! Featured speaker Mimi Donaldson was fantastic!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow them follow them, tell them something they don't know ;) trend it guisee<3
The Pastor is shouting. The people are cheering. She sounds like Queen Latifah
sadly yes- it may well be. I like your 'hyper!' Let's aim for a lunch and a drinkin'about soon.
Hold on
NF and you!
so sweet
idk yet still waiting on results how about yours
Thanks for organizing a great #skillshare12 panel on DH and LIS w my co-panelists Barbara Rockenbach
Warm up to cool Mediterranean Salads - Pick 3 - Italian Kale, Pasta, or Mediterranean
Neck pillows should be SMALL, not big! Comfort is not dependent on how fluffy your pillow is, but highly depends on how it provides support.
just did btw « not today lol . Im by south port :x text me ?»
Braving the weather to attend house concert tonight.
i used to be love drunk... now im hangover
morning...gotcha
On the last episode of Photos Nobody Wants To See Ever, we met Kaylee, your newborn niece. Today, it's Sparkles, your neighbor's terrier!!
Oh, we aren't trying to scare you. Just trying to get the point across.
We really about to be on RT : birthday weekend this weekend...TU!
ok fly me out
Lol, yeah, the fact it's at Petco makes his night even more ridiculous. Awesome.
Uh, hoping to get in tomorrow eve, at a reasonable time. Before nine? Depends on how much weather slows us down.
I think the hater*****e because they have nothing better to do
Do your civic duty and get out to vote in the primary elections today!
How about a home addition diorama complete with extra bedroom and garden?
it's white.
I pray on your behalf.
me bro!
here in chi, they're just giving each hs teacher a 6th class... 180+ students instead of the current 150+.
is an amazing singer. check her out on youtube!!!
Thank you so much!
on Saturday i have a gospel rally at my Church and Sunday is Youth service how about u?
Shout out new followers, thanks!
is too hott to start my laundry!
Sun King Brewery just bought our wonderful Hibiscus & Rose Hips for a new Local Brew! Maybe they'll name it after us?!
hope you have fun at #blissdom. Find she's super fun!
Santorum Rick is sounding sick A fight is what he likes to pick! But a guitar string would be better... Should I send him out a letter?
The let's go Yankees cheer is just as annoying on TV as in person.
thank you and love you too
facebook/michael.sweig1
LOVE-Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
What up !!! When are we gonna hear Feelin Fine by
I love my new avi. Great stoppage by Richard Steele! Chavez is legendary.
Sunday in Balboa Park at Earth Day was super. We got to meet to interesting new people as well as say hi to our current and old patients.
Bumped into #Shaq at Betsey Johnson boutique. Mall at Millenia.
Have fun and be safe tonight friends! Don't forget to have a DD or call Safe Ride. (505) 242-7433 or Yellow Cab (505) 247-8888
nothin much bro. Eatin some lunch and enjoyin the weather.
whatsuppppp, wisconsin!? :D
I almost went there today... Weird!
it was outside out house during the rainstorm last night. called the police. they came & she denied that it happened.
lmao! Thanks for the clarification.
I was too then my legs grew damn 5 inches and I'm tryn to catch up to my legs then maby I'll be fast again lol
me too new iPhone came for my birthday!
Liberals don't have 2 embrace abortion rights at 20 wks. How often is a woman still pregnant from a rape @ 20 weeks if she intends 2 abort ?
Selena Gomez Disney Channel Reunion: Goes To Lunch With President
Roofs are like cars-If you don't maintain them, They won't perform when you need them most! And your Guarantee Coverage can be jeopardized!
UR a riot!
Blessed to be assisting Sherry Haney Moran with The Rock Church Youth Choir. She has got 2 B the coolest Youth Choir Director on the planet.
you know it!! ✊ getting better everyday!!!
Children, remember to look both ways when you cross the street in Park Slope. You could get hit by a jogger.
Yum! RT Want Local. Lakefront Fixed Gear Ale. Nueskes Bacon~sweet corn chowder, fried chilies and cream. Cucumber~Tomato Gazpacho.
like the point about making our user's lives better
Provided legal commentary regarding Lindsay Lohan case to Jovana Lara of Please tune in tonight!
hey thx for the shout out!
Not exactly the way I'd planned my night.. But definitely not disappointed!
Mad men time!
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. ~ Anonymous
Test...Site Will Soon Be Open.
Diggin' the Roku2 P. got me for xmas Who needs cable now? Screw TWC and their ~$200 cable bill
I have the best boyfriend. Ever.
Enjoying Day 1 at #MSMECA12. Stop by Booth 63 for a free gift.
RT dope shiit man how long u been rappin for
i mean stopping the reapers sounds like it would.be an ending to me
Well there's going to be quite a few people with me. And I want to be there to see this!
#teamwest now..in my big worm voice..WERS MY MONEY!!
YEAH BUDDIE. SWIMMING WITH DOLPHINS AWWEEEYEAAAH
Don't get an attitude. Who you talking about?
Man with a coconut that played chimes at the gym this am. He sat by the pool and played it for an hour while I swam. Not sure about that one
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Arlington! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
happy birthday Audrah!!
Getting hit in the head with a volleyball <<<
well he's rite here I can let him tweet u if you want
true. The photo is probably the least objectionable part of that post
NEVER? I'm a junkie. Good morning! Am I the only person alive who hasn't seen "Star Wars"? Oh, well. May the 4th be with you anyway.
Might be a good idea to pitch around Josh Hamilton from here on out
Gorgeous!! I love your dress - so elegant. :)
Girls like tall guys. What kind of girl says "He's really cute and short." haha sorry.
Finally, the truth about birds. What's there to like, really? They're dirty, poop on you, group movements controlled by evil...
Blaahhhhh boring monday. Gunna make some enchiladas
on Sunday the 19th we're doing a photoshoot at Evolution from 6:30-9:30PM with makeup artists, refreshments and discounts on jewelry!
ahh That Thing You Do!!! One of my favorites!!!
Hello Hurricane just finished... it is full band and is the best I have done so far
Ohmygod. I can't imagine. Hugs to you both.
Well, that's confusing. Heh.
shyt! Well Florida does have a chance.
you can never go wrong w brown ones!
I want to prove everybody wrong
: going live with ipad presentation about what LE is doing in mobile
#Pina. So much beauty...
thanks for the tip!
ok... Is there a plan to go back out there?
yea it is, are you a fan of Zimmer? Because he is my favorite composer
Building your own personal empire is all about teamwork. No one can build a successful group of businesses without good people on your side.
what is hockey evaluation?
#LasCruces followers #text MAGICGUY to 90210 for #event info from #magician Jamie O'hara. #Mobile brings you info wherever you are!
Japan injury brings a break to the action. Wish I understood Japanese. Curious if there will be English commentary on the delayed broadcast?
Pau Gasol just set the NBA record for offensive rebounds on one play
The school year is so close to ending but it doesn't feel like it
your mom is flawless. I will fill you in on Tues. practice Welcome to the Sixties
#SeniorConfessionHour Seneca has been much more of a home to me than Waggener ever was .
I love you too
ha! that is interesting but I won't go there ;)
just call me James Brown. because I'm the hardest working man in the library business.
“The greatest need we have is not to do things, but to believe things.” Oswald Chambers
Lol RT : just read what happened to you in Ohio. Freaky stuff bro. Would love to see you in MICHIGAN!
Not 4real i already pay some one so nah thanks
I don't kiss in the rain, I just fuck in the snow <3
Heads up, Twitter! Im back! I finally have a phone that's conducive to tweetin :-)
Psssssssssssh you think I'm kidding. Now you owe me TWO dinners.
random hosuses. mist be
with pinterest and all the other sites alike...why aren't you guys getting any publicity? Your site is way more interesting
i think i had it SMACKIN! lastnite
God Morning!!! 
Heard of movie magic? Scorcese's "Hugo" is overflowing with it. Loved this film! Great 3D too!
RT : Detach yourself from guilt, don't feel guilty about honest mistakes you make in life.
Muscial practice :( I'm doing makeup for them this year. Hopefully I won't be there too late! And we can hit the road :)
Hey twitters! The hunt is back on tomorrow. The question will come from be sure to stop by around noon.
and we are underway in Milwaukee for #MISLPlayoff soccer and
A bitch who has txt wit niggas talkn bout pictures nd caken up nd fuckn nd kno dey got q nigga but gives the phone away is a dirty bitch
31 years ago today, Bob Marley passed away.
im that thing that tickles up your spine, and punches you in the face. ;)
I just heard that the #colts didn't pick up Peyton's contract, I guess free now to join the CIA!
Yess , Yes... Blocking me makes youu quitee the mann..... NOT.
Thanks for the mention!!
I never played you ...
*SPRING BREAK* Family Day! Wed. March 16 at 10AM. Discover a world of wonder and take off into the sky with a hot-air balloon simulator! .
Love how I met some kids yesterday at a baseball game and were already making plans to meet up again(:
danny granger finally showed up
You want to catch a lot of fish or the BIG FISH !!??
I assume you are telling us that you just pooped. RT Monday mornings are the perfect time to send out a #snug!
beautiful. Suddenly I am flush with gift ideas!
I got you(: Thanks!
But i don't want that need to aim for something better.
"He that hath a trade hath an estate." - Benjamin Franklin
Have you seen the new Blackberry device, im looking forward for later this year... what do you think?
don't blame ! Miss was under my supervision. I accept full responsibility.... Ish.
Longstreet was able to fend off McClellan's forces long enough for the Confederate wagon train to retire, which was stuck in deep mud.
why thank ya!
What's a bieber? Ah haha! And beaver loses again! This award show is proof that he(she) sucks! Oh what a great night! =))
HOBO. BRING ME MY AWESOME MAGAZINE TOMORROW.
funny day yeah
US GOVERNMENT OPENS 2 HRS LATE! TAKE YOUR TIME...
re-send me email w/ terms pls + contact #. My email gets full hella fast
Thanks for chatting Aaron. I admit, U know ur TED talks way better than I & applaud ur energy. Good luck w/Ur Ph.D & publications!
The looks like an egg. (Sorry. But that's what her avatar is!)
I hope he sees he deserves so much more!
sweet dreams
RISPLOB is relevant to a fan
Giving youth a voice is mandatory = public health = healthy communities
ANY SEXY LADIES IN THE LOS ANGELES AREA THAT WANT TO AUDITION FOR AN UPCOMING MOVIE EMAIL ME FOR MORE INFO THANKS
Ian Please tweet me Hi I love you Im soo glad Mos wanted is on ABDC man I already know you guys are going to win Tweet back
that's just crazy. Its so fucked up that an insurance company can tell a doctor to stop seeing a patient.
Thats their run. Time to put the birds back where they belong!!
#YouWasCuteUntil you took your contacts out!
no meet and greets scheduled but ya never know!! Have fun tomorrow!!
are yall still going to din din with us? :)
Ah! One of my favorites from that album! :D
hope you have a safe flight!!
RT : Congrats to ! First round pick to the Bengals. Now let's get Pete Konz off the board
haha, i think i've done this plenty of times
scary cat lol
played at a beautiful wedding ceremony today at the Lincoln Theater- it really was a grand production!!
congrats on baby Collum! Figured I'd hit all the social media outlets.
OK, the #Vikings are three the easy way...Morris Claiborne or Matt Kalil or Justin Blackmon.
it's shocking that she accepts herself that way but we all have issues we choose not to face, literally !
That type of brick, I'm used to from #PanickyRussWest... not Kevin :-/
back at ya
Good! so you ever coming up to the B-Lo? lol
Oh come on! You know you loved this shit, you probably dressed like them. Menudo - Claridad 1981: via
It shouldn't. Can you send me a link to your screencast video? At what point in the video should there be a hotspot?
whats up?! How are you?
Finally on my flight back to Detroit.
HEY FOLLOWERS! Please follow and RT this! If you do and tell me you did I'll give you a shout out! Thank you lovies. <3
Keynote speaker challenging conventional approaches to creativity and innovation now at
Someone tweet me when the drama is over I'll be on facebook
I have a fever and the only Rx is for to move to SoCal.
-----> PALIN 2012 <----- Titanic battle for the heart and soul of America's future. Obama would be toast.
contests for discounts will begin during the day tomorrow, but I can offer you a 30% discount on any service for being
Fuck the giants.
Don't go punching glass now Dirk.
really i always assumed u did cuz ur the most popular guy in our grade and like everyone thinks ur hot my friend wont shut upbout u
Hey , I'm halfway through my word count for today! <3 <3
i hate you mewsh!
It's not unfollowing. Maybe like 2 people rather than the over 100 I clicked on to unfollow. Any advise would help. Thanks!
when life takes sudden turns, just hope you're wearing your seat belt.
Thank you so much
Such a great weekend of #Comedy at with and Josh Alton. Can't wait to be back!
I just saw a doggie threesome in the middle of the street.
ok, we'll talk about it then. :)
the last time I talked to my dad was december. He's never gave my mom a dime and he has never paid anything for me
Goes back. I'm officially the only one in this house who cares about how high the bill has been.
one of the greats! RIP Donna Summer
So then why do teachers punish you when you get into trouble if you are only learning, which is exactly what they want you to do?
