hey I'm on Google+ now, search yogi mccaw. Add me in your friends, acquaintances or music circles!
my feet still hurt from dancing in heels all night long
oh hey there ahalia. You finally found me 😊
Oh my god. Are you going to start living with a boy??
RT 10 years ago today: Allen Iverson said the word "practice" at least 24 times in a single press conference.
Working on some stuff tonight! Get stoked.
Hey, can you DM?
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...bring yourself to lie because the truth may at times carries a harmful risk
You know what true love is, honestly? Putting the best interest of someone else before your own self interest. That's real love.
I am trying to make my own show need ideas on what to do?
I've been thinking about doing this instead of a TV. Let me know what you find out.
Its raining! No wait, pouring!! :)
lol lucky guy
I know I have another left, but I honestly don't want to leave high school.
just punkd myself. got excited, jumped up from couch, twisted ankle in coffee table, fell onto chair, then stepped on ottoman foot.
Attempt at starting the week Take
Purchased our tickets to Self Wokout In The Park f/ ...can't wait
Since when did #paulheyman became a trend on twitter?
Ready to be back in school. I wanna freakin graduate!
Wings by Aprilynne Pike: Flowers are people too!
NO!!! No offense, but I kind of doubt there will be many viewers...
We are giving away a free #Lakers shirt tonight at
It's NFL weekend! Let's go
That's awkward we're sisters...
sounds like you could have given this talk!
Thanks for the plug!
Dont know why I was saying needs to help cross off #77...#ineedtodomyresearch. Ellen can attend Burning Man w/
A little bit of Texas!
yay! When are you gonna come by?
Restaurant I'm at has thousand dollar wines and is playing black eyed peas songs.
Ugh - why did I eat that bean/cheese burrito & taco. Feeling gross now
#11:11 I still stay up every night to make my wish
I see a guy pushing one around the M Streets on the way home everyday! I will buy it from him today.
These burgers making a nigga hungry as fawk!!!! I'm gonna fuck this pie up when I get home
RT : I enjoyed 's "The Spitfire Grill" last week. Great musical, great cast, great singers/actors wonderful set
that's what always happen lol
What a perfect day for a t-shirt sale
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen."~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wake up, boy.
Had a breakthrough on formulating responses to POSTs in my REST API using ZF and Doctrine 2. Complete hands-off automation #ftw!
After student vandalized Brighton H.S. see how local science business is looking to help. Mark Gruba has story tonight at 11!
What a kick in the ass. That one hurt. For all of you concerned for Reid's safety, he's fine. I'll be fine by morning, except the hangover.
is this true everywhere in the world?
I don't have a boyfriend and really am not in a rush for one all bastards well who I dated
do you think? OK, I will try that.
same to you! Always good to see you and your team! Luv what u have done so far! Can't wait to see it all come together!
Can anyone recommend an easy to set up social voting platform I can use for a video contest?
Thats amazing! Do you have pics? I'm interested in India, been there once. Any suggestion on where to start?
hmm... Try light:)
The politically #Lincorrect segment to start SNL was kind of funny...take that #FloydMayweather...,,.
thanks for the follow! We hope you can make it on sept 10th!
Showing my photoshop work to my boss about how much our candidate looks like Niles from Frasier. I am worth every penny.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. ~ Mark Twain
#MajorTurnOffWhen you ask me for my number before you even ask for name.
Got everything I wanted for Christmas: particle physics books and Breaking Bad DVD's. So this week off may or may not be very productive.
I remember watching the last US #presidential debate on a couch in a movie theater with a pitcher of beer.
Free iPad give away July 28!!! You must be present at every event with Mr.Rob at Luaral Park starting June 2 @ 6:30pm !! RT RT RT
Thanks for following Chase! Be sure to also check out for the latest in marketing, advertising, PR, and design.
RT : Wow! Google Presentations now have transitions!
#sourcefest expresses his appreciation for the DMV acronym to help define a community vibe.
It works for a minute but it never really lasts
I'll drink to that ;P
Big win tonight #Pens! Way to go!!
Youth minister at church, "are youth will watch your kids while you shop so come out and take advantage of our youth"
Back to waking up to Red Bull. Oh yeah!
how do i get my hand on a physical copy? it'd be my first mag cover feat
Hi Matthew. I represent Verizon Wireless, not Verizon Communications, which provides Internet service.
“ “ The Six W's: Work will win when wishing won't...””
#STLCardinals opener in 7 hours @ Miami! Beating Josh Johnson in the opener will be a good way to start the season :)
also, did you see that whoever loses the series gets to claim last place in the division lol
Gee these old guys came to play. #GoGreen or
Can I askk you a qestion?
wants to thank everyone who came to TGT this week -- it was a great turn out! Mark your calendars for next month - August 3rd! See you then!
Excited to present the trio in NY after our Israel tour. We'll play at on September 6th at 8:30pm. Gonna be fun!
that I don't know. lol but i'm sure we can find something.
Nothing better than enjoying a live band playing acoustic Matt & Kim, Keane and Fastball over beers w/your little bro.
You should see the entire email. I would share more, but this is a family-friendly Twitter account. (g)
Fuck you, Matt Harrison
Cancer is bullshit. Long Live the
The UGA Alumni Association sent our Alum Association very nice tumblers to say thank you for a conference we hosted.
FOLLOW He's Funneeeeeeee
#TeamAires right here bitches :D!!!
I forget most things,only having regard for somethings,because of one thing,who loves evrything,and would give us up for nothing.
2 years ago today, I married my best friend.
follow me please or you can add me on skype....maybe not the skype but please follow me
Guy in Bathroom, you did not come in here just to wash your hands. Admit it!
That awkward moment when Santa has the same wrapping paper as your parents.
#Listening to Green Day "The Boulevard of Broken Dreams"! This is my #favorite song!
haha uh...I wouldn't say that I am, but I've been recognized a few times before
Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it foregoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury. ~ E. H. Chapin
Thanks Jeff, I look forward to your tweets!
Alright. Seesmic updated on my phone and now it doesn't work. Yay! LOL
Even though Seattle cools Wed, it will be normal near 57! But areas of rain will be around too.
I have no time in my schedule for unripe avocados.
#youknowyoughetto when you take ur big purse and ziplock bags to the buffet!
Next up at #nfais #erodingsubmodel yours trly "Balancing the Needs of Librarians, Publishers, Users"
Hi, I'm a crack head 
#ImAgInEIt omg its trending c:
It's FRIDAY! Let all of your friends know to follow us with a #FF! Help us out? :)
Hey Pastor Kee! Did u receive the U send It? Sent it to your email...
wanna iMessage? (; RT : Got my new iPhone 4s love it! (;
Hahahaha ! #BadGirlsClub reunion was crazy.. Can't wait to see part 2 next week ! ;D
If I didnt know what tf I was talking about I would shut up in this case I advise u to SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
wouldn't mind being wrapped up by you
:) thank you.
Wow, that looks really awesome!! Not a big fan of how the writer mocks danish music though ;)
Fun Fact: All the items in both Craft-O-Tron machines are only 5 dollars each. Shop local, shop handmade, shop Craft-O-Tron!
Floyd never goes that far but he tends to gay bash his opponents
I miss having lifetime fitness.
back at ya, wonder woman, have a great day!
Did you know that today is Holocaust Remembrance Day?
So many books, so little time.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Fogo De Chao - Steakhouse (live updates)
sitting @ home with the fam, too happy to see my uncle Charles Greg Gordon! This was def a good Chrismtas!
you mentioned the impact of gas prices last month. u were right its going to get worse and effect home sales
you can't sleep because you're thinking about me.lol JK!
To the 10 anti-abortion signs I've seen on I-75 in the last 20 min seriously? It's 2012 fuck off.
there are three types of people in this world those who make things happen those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happened
Who can put me in touch with a local #Columbus photographer or somewhere that sells Columbus Cityscape Photography?
I still can't believe I was face to face with the boys,twice! And got to chase after their van.Omg take me back to the Dallas event.
is such a good little actress :)
And that reminds me, okay, so three English professors walk into a bar...
I am so bossy to oh well...
What?!? That seems utterly preposterous!
its with google and u create an app for android imheading back to school
yes yes yes!
*drops it…pauses…brings it back up s l o w*
Now Italian Chicken in the crock pot and laundry that needs to be folded. At least I am trying to be productive while little guy is down...
Lets go #Brewers! Lets go!
I knew I would see & this weekend! My dudes, keep grinding! Thx for reppin
i be all over my bread like sesame seeds
": ": I'm the bomb like sadam ":let me see if joe will approve that 1" u mean jim u know he hates it
letting it go...and washing my hands!
I feel like I could get a lot of satisfaction out of smashing something right now.
Rolling out lots of Tuina Bodywork this weekend! Working until 10pm on a Sunday. My elbows are taking over LA:)
Just going through my twitter account and getting rid of the spammers! Please all those that have downloaded our app please update app
TickTockTickTock. It's almost time for JanPros Virtual Scavenger Hunt! Like us on FB, be the first to answer our ?? and WIIN!
Just experienced this in Lake Tahoe. Eerie. MT January, but across much of the U.S., the ground is bare - no snow
yeah good ol child development <3 I just remembered we have class this Monday WOW vacation went by fast :(
Avengers just blew my mind.
Hugs Barbara! RT :
yes sir ;)
lmao to buzzed u are
I will be downloading your show this Friday, Thanks for the follow
Need help finding an Apartment in NYC? Contact me at
Full Music Rehearsal with the BAND!!! This is going to Rock!!! The CarnEvil is coming NEXT FRIDAY! Get you tickets now for opening weekend!
Unbelievable, one of my all time favs, Bernie Kosar is trending. Congrats
Honestly, when people talk with even an ounce of certainty about God, I want to run away.
So, have you read Ready Player One? Do. It is freaking awesome!!
you going?
Hello Friday...
Make her a special hat. One with lights.
These photographs are amazing! They are so rhythmic...almost look more like textiles than pigment/water.
u going to bathe sunday?
Thanks for checking in and welcome to the ! Let us know if we can do anything for you.
does anyone actually DO anything for #mardigras these days? or was that just something I celebrated in high school as an excuse to drink?
Makeup doesn't make you prettier. Money doesn't make you richer. Real wealth and real beauty depends on how you value yourself.
Saw Lion King 3D this evening, with my little brother Jacob. I ended up teaching him the message behind the movie..
If we could only have this life for one more day... Please marry me now
I got scared when I saw Vin Scully trending. I'd be forced to watch the game 6 Bases Loaded video on youtube.
YEA!! RT : off the couch and did my run...thank u for the lil umph! I needed it
Congrats! Hope it went well!
If your not offending anyone you aren't making good art
first tweet, thats me
"Once you became a Directioner, there's no turning back. Because being one is a promise."
After a very long search we have finally found a new drummer. So we would like to welcome Zeph Stevens to the band.
Smoking gun? (Noel) flew on unofficial visits this year to Kentucky and Louisville that were not paid for by the universities.
Run run with her top down! Baby I fly!
his eyebrows are sex
finally a lazy sunday. much needed.
Vince Lombardi Quote: “getting to the final (Super Bowl) is everything, and winning is icing on the cake.”
Goooaaaaal!! Haven't been back since....
nope sorry.
Endless love, cause I liked someone and I just let go, yet it hurts but hurts more if I keep him inside, and not see him happy!!
that's me, WB! But get in fast ... Times are a changing I'm afraid.
Before Sephora it was a Benetton. I had a good time exploring it back then. I used to pass it daily in my way to the gym.
I'm so impatient with my phone today. I just want to throw it across the room!
So David stern wants to control all trades now? You have to be kidding me
send me the link
Just saw The Big Meal at Studio Theatre. Actors fine but script dreadful
you are indeed right my friend, very very right
So who go bat the cabinet where cloud stands. (Incoherent Thursday)
Wisconsin quarterback presents new challenges for Penn State Penn State has seen some quarterbacks this season who dented its defense wit
Are you in Private Real Estate? Send me a message..! I can help..!
Very cool, but bummed the cbc link was broken. Srching on cbc yielded nothing. Mary played it a couple of years ago at Taylor.
“: okay... No fighting over Mr. Popular people!” haha thanks for keeping me in check, Tracy!!
Modern Family and Happy Endings were hilarious tonight! We didn't stop laughing. Can't wait for next week.
Spitta Told Me Bitches Come Around A Dime A Dozen,But We From A Spot Where Pretty Women Act Ugly,So Fuck It-
(sorry about the re-tweet. i'm kind of bummed my #training has been derailed all week b/c of my cough)
The taste of your kiss never gets old.<3
Humor hotel: It&#39;s only the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, but . . .
"Oh baby, I cheated on you? Well maybe if you put out sooner, I wouldn't have" so damn disrespectful.
what type of booklet?
Gotta love new software... Reason and Record.... Gonna have some fun!
Nigga can't be serious trying to karry the team...
Why is that?
Congrats Emily Fagan of , named Outstanding New Member at the Awards!
Finally, a sunny day! Almost forgot what our sun looked like,
Happy Birthday Sir. Hope all is well bro. Keep up the great work. #Loot&Dollaz
#ff one of my favorite gospel artists, a great pastor, and a cool dude!
one direction! :)
If someone keeps telling you that you're trying to control them, the reality is they are probably trying to control.
isn't communion tomorrow?
fasho bro that sounds like a good plan, I might be coming out there to visit soon too
There's a Rails meetup regularly on some Wednesdays here at OneUp, which is good for people of all levels.
ok I appreciate it :)
NPR pays attention to them.
Lol my lungs. Will have LOTS of time to bump in there, let's queue up soon seriously send me a link lmao I'm bad at taking action
My mouth hurts so bad I dnt wanna eat :(
So the interview with WILL BE STREAMED LIVE!!!!!!! Spread the word
Layin on day floor countin money eating ah honey bun.
#oomf is super jealous right now
If I buy my phone (Evo 3d) from Radio Shack do I still have a 30 day return guaranty?
just be careful missy
porter, I love your music, guess who will be keeping my ears busy wile Im flying to Florida tonight? :D
the printer would break... this isnt inconvient.
Smoke session.
If you blame Joel Ward or direct racist comments towards him, just switch to a different team now.
Did we mention we have a great partner ecosystem? Visit them on the #CompCloud floor cc/
"Metta" means "unconditional loving-kindness" & "Peace" is defined "lack of violent conflict" Ron Artest blew that all to shit
So pissed right now..
Just handed a pair of #Nuggets tickets for tonight's game. Tune in for your chance to win them on
I don't think Hannah's beating Sammy anytime soon so Debbie once again you can leave
Seriously don't cut the feeds when Rachel is finally talking about possibly being preggers!!
Check out my ice im so icey
Figment is indeed headed back to Governors Island this year. The terrorist trials are merely a participatory art installation.
we have been lucky with many draft picks (Rodgers, Raji, etc) that they can learn quickly but the d needs help on the line
My sales school is bumpin' Run DMC.
Politicians have never been very intelligent and one should not expect too much from them.
I just said that man lol
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Hello everyone I am new to twitter and looking forward to meeting so many new people. I'm hoping to network and meet other moms and parents
Took responsibility and gave myself a bedtime .
RT : Inspired by CDC Weight of the Nation #WON12 to talk about ways #afterschoolworks to reduce Obesity at
what time of yoga r u doing?
Just because you cross your legs , doesn't make you classy .
Shout out if you're going back to the 1st day of school!
I looked it up on youtube....and well I hope I survive. LOL. I'll just set it on easy. (Hopefully there's an easy) haha.
I gotta find a job and make this cash
Very cool! We're semi-private, not corporate. We keep it simple. Eat, drink, and be merry... over football. cc
Both Wisconsin teams get knocked out on the same day? #suprised?
I need someone to love me I'm a cool laid back homie lookn for love ya digg. Some give a nigga a chance. Yea I go both ways what's it to u
I looked at the schedule yesterday. She gave me all the days off except for saturday -___-
thanks!! Fun times for sure...So I'll be in your neck of the woods this week! NorCal bound!!
This is why I don't like seeing the doctor
and how he did the right things and how HE did this and that.Get over yourself.u think he isn't more arrogant than woods?
Nobody is going to punish Barack Obama for "flip-flopping" on this issue. Most people assumed he was in favor of #SSM anyway.
« Listening to Pandora >>>>>
it was manly though now its gay
Bali is on National Geography :D waww
Not tryna have a game 7
For those of you who have not yet heard, the 2011 UK Tour has been cancelled due to reasons out of our control.
Is there a legit reason the timbers used their '3rd kit' ?
not particularly... sneaky! =P
why am I up
lol it's all good this weekend for sure!
hey johnny clams wheres the calamar
Those 24 hr days. They're kind of refreshing
Cited in my final grad school paper on Title IX. Spell check tried to change her last name to 'Foodie'. Mistake? I think not!
USA USA USA!!! Let's Go!
no never saw that one
This month will honor President General, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the #ANC from 1927 - 1930.
ART TIME PUNKS by now at VIOLET & CLAIRE in Shibuya, Tokyo! Many thanks to Sumire and
sigh shoot. New avi
completed her food and exercise diary for 07/20/2011 and was under her calorie goal
TONIGHT Locals, , , , , and Angst Fallen in The Club! Get on it! Support #ROC music
preach it sistaa😊👍
Canada was at the end of June. Martha's Vineyard is a little island off the coast of Massachusetts.
Though bacon induced exhaustion seems like a stupid reason to wreck a car at 4am...
I need a pack of stogessss!
omg u must be really needing sum loving right now #uneedhelp lmao
Old school at fashion 40......my era
Did You Know: NFL Players are often the targets of unscrupulous investment advisors looking to capitalize on their wealth off the field.
party animal
Rom 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus, who walk not according to the flesh but according to...
I feel like I haven't been drunk in so long .....thank god that feeling will be gone by tonight!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. :D
finally got resolved, but with T-Mobile I never spent 45mins on hold.
fantastic this osng YOU ARE FANTASTIC <3
I'm feelin good right now. What's new?
Fourth time in a row I take my grandma out to lunch and we order the exact same thing.
904 people like Inside The Target Car on facebook! DUVAL REPRESENT!
#dalailama Ucsd students cracking down on ppl who tried to sell tickets online for $300
Kames is the sexiest. Deal with it :)
Hard to fathom that even Rush Limbaugh has a mother.
Access to capital -- attend the Where's the Money? Workshop April 16 at the Hazard Doubletree. See .
Thanks for the follow guys. Just stopped by your website, love the artworks and the sound. Peace and Love Your Way.
This + Supermoon=#nodriving today! RT Hope everyone has a fun Cinco de Derby day!
You slept on set, and you watched me do your job when I'm in another dept. Now you're bragging about your work on it?
when is your birthday?
I think that name is very fitting!
#Blackhawks need to get guys in front of Smith no one is ever there.
After listening I restate, "so what you are saying is...." to confirm i understand, reaffirm i am paying attention, fabulous results
good cuz I need some new shoes...
Yup. I still have to bust open the cantaloupe. I got one of each :)
Did you know we cater? Did you know our catering is awesome? Did you know our catering is more awesome than any other? ... Now you do.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-48
i saw that you downloaded digress.it on your site and it had some errors. the new version addresses those issues. enjoy!
": I need more followers help a girl out #TeamDJPaulyD" thanks bella
lucky u!! My boyfriend is sleeping next to me so don't wanna turn the tv on and wake him up lol 
good question! Regular small bites keep your digestion and metabolism going stronger. Wonder about the schedule tho...
I only get to go when it's local. But my school district sent me for all 3 days!! I feel so lucky. I love talking books...
yes intervention! Lol!
Big S/O 2 & 4 openly sharing their views on SSM; Regardless of who is wrong or right we opened doors last night
But remember, PIZZA FRIDAY's during the season is what David runs and patrols
I love tht movie.
Wrongo. Not happening kiddo
Thank you! You are an amazing human being.
you sent me was
Happy to say that Kaylee has won our Book of Mormon Challenge. She has done it in 3 1/2 weeks. So proud of her.
thanks Susan!
haha more like the thoroughbred of kickass
ditto. My canuck friend says soda.
Real question is what if u have kids at the middle school and/or grade school?! Most parents don't drive each one seperately
that's right, I am SO old school... Sadly I am frequently mistaken for - glad you liked the link
why you do dude like that? lol
Sadly no. But I need to start playing it.
haha...you wish!
RT : “: Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8”
excuse me missy who is this man you keep tweeting? O.o
listening to the upstairs neighbor scream profanity at her cat.
I guess I was thinking more of a visualization exercise with a before state photo...
good morning Tyler 💜 hope you have a good day (: love u
Yes Sir! Go Clippers! ": Team breakfast......#AllIN"
When your mind is a little off, everyone seems like a republican .
just search bartab in the app store and it is free to download!
RT : Casey Anthony not guilty on any murder charges. #justice?
I take it back, slander was the spoken word, libel is the written word
you are a hustler betch. #whodoyouthinkyouare ?
glad to be back in contact with you hope you have a great day
It's the adult binkie.
Southern Comfort Burger with a Speakeasy Big Daddy IPA, rocking the red - #GoCaps!
It's amazing how athletic QB's are becoming too. Top 3 QB's can all run under 4.6 40's. NFL is constantly evolving.
You tell me when I'm being an arrogant bitch and I tell you when you're being a pain in the ass, which you are 99.9% of the time.
If you can't win an argument, correct their grammar
Racial profiling is prohibited in the Constitution so we can all go home!
me too. love that commerical.
America is economically back on track, but you can still buy apartments in South Florida for as low as $ 40.000
don't. Worry tebow caused the raiders 2 lose!
The Sun reminds me of Pain!
LOVE from California to Egypt!!!
thank you Mel!
Fox will stream a "Favre-cam" online that will be isolated on him at all times! <--- Hopefully online and not on TV!
about to to spike this coke.
I can't get over that movie, I need to go see it again.
Now ol' KG's my buddy, we go way back, to the times back in high school, when I was too poor for Jack.
i want a guy that can sing. #SoHot *COUGH*
It's called the first amendment & you have a right to it, keep tweetin' bro!
oh here it comes like a natural disaster, oh blowin up like a ghetto blaster. Clap ur hands if think ur in the right place
People are actually saying this?
Technology should enhance life, not consume it
you're adorable :)
lol. That was real DC of you. cthu
I LIKE TO BELIEVE MOST SUBJECT IN UNITED KINGDON DO NOT HOLD IT AGAINST WILL AND KATE THAT HEY WANTED A BEAUTIFUL WEDDING.
follow my beautiful bestfriend :) she'll follow back
post it on youtube and send me the link...
Do you have any front-end CMS like tools for managing CRUD transactions?
My 1st grader chose to be Annie (of Magic Tree House fame) for book character day & is excited to discover she likes wearing jeans.
I'm not
thanks! Just sent email via message center. U rock.
Look for Imam Feisal in the Thanksgiving Edition of NY Times Magazine!
Lmao , She a Hoe I Swear !
I don't know how but I'm coming back tonight.
I'm a little worried that my daughter is refering to me as "that career tribute from district 1" - I guess she's ready for
Im in a RAWR kind of mood today haha XD
Yo text D to 38657.... So Derrick Williams can bring home the dunk champ trophy
We should consider going to Friday...even for a bit?
There's nothing more satisfying than an 8 year-old on a razor scooter, eating it. Maybe pancakes.
“: Things I cant say on Facebook. #hbs1db : Happy Birthday, Suck One Douche Bag”--thanks I feel the love!!
I smell pizza on this bus stop, or maybe I'm just hungry...
The further in you go, the bigger it gets. (Little, Big)
RT : So exciting to see and 's vision for come to life!
Bgc didnt come on this week?
MPD looking for 24 YO Edgar Ivan Salinas of Mad, shot another who has life threatening injuries, 2k6 blue Uplander 69157D
great idea, cause its a tune worth saving “: "Gonna eat waffles" sung to tune of "I'm a girl-watcher" a vast lyrical improvement.”
this game is already starting off much better than the last one.... perhaps the excessive OKC chants are actually fueling the anger of mavs
Duke, impatient offense bounce Maryland from ACC lacrosse tournament
Happy 4th birthday to my wonderful beautiful nieces Niyonna and Neveha!!!!! Auntie loves you both!!!
Down for the beach right now!!!
im gay
Did you go to the Dr yet? If not, get off and go.
If you like One Direction, go follow this Directionier !!(:
Sunday funday is mine. Can't stand.
Loved it, thanks for posting. I was be-boppin' around my house it to it this morning.
Thanks for the RT!
Um, yeah, I&#39;ll have to get back to you on that one.
Famous or not, I wish my kind & loving words were acknowledged too. Sighs.
Beat the Clock: Tempur-pedic pricing is going up October 18th! Buy yours now from one of our 34 locations!
Sending Everyone warm Holiday Wishes to you and yours!!
I gotta get paid #imabusiness,man
I just don't see any way that happens. If they didn't want these years in 2010, they certainly don't now.
I can't find my phone l0l ; I'm using my new one now but its not activated yet -____-
RT - In the wake of Saturday night's 34-10 win by Detroit over New England, I'm left wondering if the window is closi...
Put on your belts ladies and gentlemen. Its gameday.
I feel bad taking your money bro.
3:30 exhaustion period. Must. Stay. Focused.
Wisconsin's largest statewide teachers union endorses Democrat Kathleen Falk in governor's recall election
Weird Ass dreams
So excited for my burlesque dancing class tonight!!
yaa im already done with it u want me to send you mine?
if quitting
What's going on in Charlotte this weekend? I've been ready for the weekend since Monday!
I hate when people do that. Or when they poke/keep friending after you've obviously ignored them.
SO true!
summer fruit has thin skin her soul born in the winter blizzards made her thicker richer flicker swifter
pentkhausa into the lease into Benalmadena from PW with the pond In order to be connected with this sponsor if you pleas :-)
thanks for the gift card! service guys came back 3rd time, all seems good now, fingers r crossed.
Sixers have to do shoot better from the FT line
Yes. also hard to get on the ballot.
Holy shit! When did get here?! Hey bro!
no problem! Let me know if you have any more movie recs... once you started the standing ovation I knew I could trust you
Just got new job at Illinois Eye Bank So Happy!
“: In the studio with Listening to his new stuff and it's blowing my mind!” luckyy!! #BELIEVE plz follow me
when are u going??
Oh, how I'd love to see your face when you next see me.
I wanted to go so bad!
#ICantDateSomeoneThat smokes cigarettes. I can't stand the smell.
from last night's #dareproject discussions: "If I'd known you would LEAVE, I wouldn't have let you out of the CAGE."
Going to Creighton Mens Soccer Banquet 2night @ Mattress Factory @ 6pm? I'll have 2012 Scarves / Button packs with. You can Join-Renew then!
She wishing gay on people, lol
Thanks For All The Help! :)
My mom said, "Should I keep the Kindle Fire I bought you for xmas and get you an iPad instead?" , what should I do? :)
Oh hahaha. Yea we were having a good time with that last night haha.
What the hell.
#wiunion #recall Any news on gov threats to state teachers b4 this week's convention?
I've finalized grades in 2 classes. 5 to go!
thank you! Remember pain can open the door to peace and compassion. For ourselves and especially for others. Rock on!
ok good
Yeah it's one of those days where you start to miss what used to be <3
Just wishing you a most wonderful Monday!! :)
Pitifully put. Especially since its just one of so many lies republicans tell everyday. You parents must be so proud. NOT!
Margaret MeadShared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow
it's just that hard because I'm not there to help you out :)
shut up
This is a little late but i hope everyone is watching the VMA's there Totally #GRANDNESS!!! ~Alexis Kay Fusco
oh. Bahaha good one!!
Pacers all the sudden are forcing up shots
: I'm new to the startup scene in DC and just starting my business Would love to pick your brain on Sat.
Who is to say what's right if two people regardless of sexual orientation want to get married? How is it hurting anyone?
But I will keep pushing them to other places.
i want a huge cutout of all the 1D boys. :D x
watching a movie & had no idea i'd get a little emotional. good thing no one's a witness :)
Work eight hours and sleep eight hours and make sure that they are not the same hours. -T. Boone Pickens
OH in NY: "Nobody talks about LA in Europe."
My little pwney.
We had a great time meeting so many new couples today ...Never hurts spending a little time with too! Thanks for the coffee!
walking out now.
Why is it that I get good ideas for programming projects whenever I really should be studying for exams?
Up early, gonna pay my respects to my friend R.I.P. Chris I miss you bro
Me and my sis thinking about having our party at
Cant wait for them to go on sale
not that anyone cares... (; lolol
LOL, that's awesome. The scratched-record bit at the end is great.
Snowy Kentucky and smiling
Tubby to Tulsa??? ..... As a Badger fan I hope not!
You see how it works? The scoundrels won't stand too much of that crappy humor. NNLOL!
Home again with sick child. Will the madness ever end?
If you believe SEO is driving the social mobile shift, you know less about the technology marketplace than you think.
Temporary assistance for needy families (TANF) benefits may be affected. Please check with your state.
Working on my final Comp I PowerPoint: "Online Writing" looks better than "Writing Online" because the the W overlaps better coming second.
Please consider getting Feel Good Foods (they make gluten free dumplings and now egg rolls) and I would love to have some!
I'm so freeking mad.
RT: Come #Party w/Us at #Bodi This #Thursday | Its Gonna Be #Crazy We #PoppinBottles All Night! $2 Drinks & FREE FOOD!
S/O to my new followers ! much love :)
Great to see you in the twitterverse - can't wait for this weekend!
Join us tonight in wishing Assistant GM Melissa Wilson farewell on her last night at Sutra Lounge!
The Dalys just keep expanding! Congratulations on engaging and !
Hey - why can't I buy a new phone online unless eligible for an upgrade? Want to shop for xmas & can't buy new phones @ full price
RT : Have u entered 2 win $250 CASH 4 Mother's Day? Y'all this ain't no gimmick - I'm a part of it too!...
I really need yu in my life cus things aint right
Eyebrow lightening kinda freaks me out. Also eyebrow lightning, probably.
Foo Fighters with Mickey Mouse, no wait......it's dubstep grunge!
ok then
I need more time..
Clearly the officials have suffered from lockout/short schedule, too. It's like someone out there doesn't want #Bulls to win.
that was not an earthquake. That was lou marson doing a pushup
Breakfast sandwiches were meant to be eaten with beer. Trust me on this one.
this looks sweet...
so is our economy
currently my situation, so procrastinating. “: What do you do, when you're supposed to do something you don't really want to do?”
Thanks for Following us....we open on August 4th! Almost there! www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
“: wishing it was Friday 5pm” agree!
Mrs. Storrs scrap book projects 👎
Writing is so hot at times like that. Just like in the movies.
Pffwah. Why should I put down the paper?
2 hours to go time at club 1808 on e. 12th. Come on out, victory and associates and Trophy Wives are great.
Goodbye life...and hello hopefully working as much as possible..anyone know of anything hit me up. Willing to learn anything!!!
Thanks, Koji! You should come to Lismore! I'll post the conference itinerary once it's finalized.
In Saudi Arabia, a woman can divorce her husband if he doesn’t give her coffee!
Haha Yeah!! He Only Has Like 4 Friends! XD
Otto was big in that win. Not alot of points but he was everywhere
Charm is the ability to make someone else think that both of you are pretty wonderful. - Kathleen Winsor
Im not to fond of him lol
why? he never told me anything.
Up thinking about life and how crazy this world is !
I just got the crown for dumbest blooper ever, beating out saying wrong city at a show..Tweeting phone number!. #Don't.DM.on.an.iphone..;)
you may only just hear about him b/c wanted to announce it for certain reasons. i can promise more is happening
yayyy!!! im dying to get out and hangout i cant take it!! haha 
Well it was good working with ya then, enjoy jail! ha ha
got a #studio session tomar so im on motivation now
billy cundiff equals choke
thanks love! Xx
we will break all ur nails for bball Monday. Lol
I hate pooting in my bed I usually jump out lol
I skip mine according to who it is lol. I always read yours :3
yeah! Just DM and I'll kick off the email today. :)
I can tell when something wrong, but I'm sure it's nothing I wanna know anyways. Just thought I'd show my concern. But hey, LG 4 me! :-)
apparently there will be a special provision for the Holocaust.
Starting to think I'm done..
All sari-fied, ready to present in a bit over an hour...#kohacon11 day two is just about to get started.
when it gets warmer!
I'm Joshua Imel and I approve this message.
Yeaa! Almost threw up on me -_____- ": So I saw a baby being born today. I couldn't hang."
lol @ how your playing her xD
Daniela Zagnolli Jewelry Collection is featured on EveryThingSheWants.net!!! Use code spring2011 to get 20% off at www.DanielaZagnolli.com
We'll be posting events, jobs, museum info, interesting articles, and resources for CLE-EMPs. Something you'd like to see? Let us know!
Happy birthday much love!!!!!!
I could tell you 30 times how to PIMP you a hoe and I could tell you 30 times and you still wouldnt know~
Wow, This is hot. All men's erotic books are now 30% OFF! Making it an even Hotter January!
Awww, thanks. I miss you all too. Congrats on the new Waukesha office! Don and Michelle are excellent people.
well i told panda and junk... just so they know why i died
pastina with an egg. Growing up I wouldn't eat eggs but my grandmother snuck them in the soup.
lmfao idunno that shit just popped in my head and was funny so i typed it... forgive me lmfao
my theremin love is second only to my pedal steel love.
Who cares if Jessica is going t b there RT : what would #yallchat be about? Sounds fun :)
Just walked through occupy Portland... On my way to the Blue Man Group.
The grant awarded to the library will fund archiving social media from Mid East for research. How will they do it? cc
When you're doing the work that you were meant to do, it feels right & everyday is a bonus regardless of what you're getting paid. -Oprah
Iwpec Web Directory » Blog Archive » Kitchen Contractors Valencia ...
that's a tough one Kat. I really couldn't say. Suppose it depends on the individual.
Not sure how many "Craft's a pro" jokesters are still out there but the dude shoots a lower % from the FT line than acceptable from a center
as an MU grad very dissapointed you didn't drink the Green and Gold Tea back a winner Go Pack Go! Still a D Wade fan!
Thank you Eshani!
Who gives a fuck ?
Girls just want to have fun is one of the best songs EVER. You already knew that.
Also, they shoulda called SD32 by now. Republicans win when there's no path to Dem victory, Democrats win when the votes are counted.
don't say my government online -________- lol
you ain't lie'n I want a world series something serious 😭
Knicks hopefully over Nets tonite. Find a POINT GUARD!!
thanks back! I love the 1920s . . .
Omg I only have 14 days of my junior year left, it's so bitter sweet.
LaPorta can't play everyday becasue of injury or ability?
loves her new baby alphas! ADPi Z'11!
That moment when you feel like the family nerd.
If you have to include two tables with your abstract, you need to write a better abstract.
Someone is TWO hours late for her photo shoot with me. What's a nice cruel punishment for her?
Watching Steve Case @ Payments '09
Today's topic is "EUROPE"! And the rumors of 's podcast death have been greatly exaggerated! RT Topic?Jamie really quit?
I respect a whole lot more after hearing the new album such a great artist and raw talent
I,m just saying with Lee,Wells,Flynn gone.Wont one Draft be a bit many holes to fill once cuts made.
Season premiere of Next Food Network Star, and you're starting off with Restaurant Wars?
Your minds in a dream world.
I just watched #GLEE and you KILLED it. The best entrance I've seen on TV in years. Congrats! Can't wait to see more.
Luckily, I'll only have to work both for 3 days of the week. But damnit, those 3 days are gonna be hell.
Life and death lies in the power of your own tongue
Kids are weirder than they used to be... Boy just walked down my street saying meows the whole way home
How are you doing?!? :) I love that you are on twitter now.
SF's Dolores Park: The only public place you can buy a vegan friendly saffron-topped weed cookie from a real tranny and drink a 40 in peace.
I wish she would follow me
You have no idea. This is the worst it's been for the Twins since the mid 90s. Football season can't come soon enough.
QUESTION #TEAMRICHDIRTT ...WHAT TYPE OF SONG U WANNA HEAR NEXT ..CLUB ...STREET...GIRL JOINT ...THOUGHTFUL ..OR JUST STR8 BARS !! ??
creating heart pounding music!
love u 2 babe (:
Four steps to sustain the U.S. government's IT strategy in the post-Kundra era: Big enterprises, with their deep... bit.ly/muixoQ
Of course everybody waits to the last minute to buy a gift! 😣
I can relate. We have gotten dirty looks when non wheelchair users had to move to make room for our son-has cp and uses a wheelchair.
Had a great time hanging out with fellow Spectrum Scholars last night. Now to get ready for first 8am session.
Saga tonight!!!!!
Flipin white so my family can stay tight,savages and fiends come out at night
Critical Sun band crawl is tomorrow. 3 venues, so many great artist. Yours truly included
Committed fully to a Chris Cornell impression. Now my throat hurts. HTF does he do it?
Saved by the bell marathon...awwwyeaaaa:)
In driving distance to NEWNAN, #GA ?? author of THE SHOPPE OF SPELLS at Barnes & Noble, Ashley Park **Thursday 6p-8p
Mrnin world have a blessed day today and give.all the glory to God accopmlish sumthin today stay positive
I feel like I should have gotten to know werpy a little better...
Jk behind the bar right now and we have happy hour food that includes a $2.95 hamburger...get a burger and beer for under $3.50!!!
want to meet a cool person talk to
i hate doing partner work in school because i end up doing it all.
Woke up this morning & I was a mother of 4 from 5yrs old to 7months love these kids breakfast , shower now everyones playing
cuz I have a J O B
Come in to McDonald's and get a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee! Now until Nov 20 ^Eugene, PDX area only
Cave tonight. Let's get it done
Illinois should follow PA and allow punitive damages in wrongful death cases. This is necessary for justice in nursing neglect cases....
give us a call on Monday & we can get a certificate made for you! 513-421-7825
Well damn don't answer me I really didn't wanna know but thought i'd asked hmm...
It is with great pride, we announce has been accepted as a member of the International Model & Talent Association (IMTA)!
tweeters.i have been so busy the last two weeks...she works hard for her money...its crazy busy but very good for the soul...luv ya tweets
#AxelHappy :) Good One
Make sure you add "mobile" to EDUCAUSE Bingo
Holding out for big news with ALAN!
Whoohoo! I won!
I personally don't trust them. I like it. Also does this mean that maybe Bell created them or obviously knows their weaknesses 2/2
that is sweet!
God works in mysterious ways. :)
lol I can't retweet you though... Saw the lakers got the L last night
Voting for Hard Rock Callings starts April 1st
#FF : New followers! thanks much!!
Congrats to ! The Bengals are a lucky team. Great
we both have add huh
:) Thxs for making my day!
All food-on-a-stick consumed during the month of April are calorie free. 'Cause I said so. ¡Viva Fiesta!
you might have a better sense of tone/harmony
#ASTD 2011. Critical skills in ldrship, listening to our people - Ken Blanchard
Wheels down in Raleigh!! See you in a few!
thanks triple J lol
14 deals to get you started, with plenty more to go. . . www.poggled.com/milwaukee . . . check us out for #drinkspecials to get you poggled
Zimmerman atty offers medical records re: broken nose
plz get wealthy and big biz to donate #HOUSING solution thanks!
Just drove past my daughter school seen her playing outside with her friends she was having so much fun
happy mother's day mama<3 we love you (:
DC City Council voted to increase funding for local arts to an amazing $11 million today - and will put DC artists on the map.
it Jessica Chance on fb
You betcha. See ya soon. I owe you a beer.
Fans of #HipHipPOV over here!
O this is too deep for me right now....
Mrs. Doubtfire is on, everyone shh!
Austin Mahone & Alex Constancio big buddy that inspired me ;) <3
Congratulations Carlos Guzman! 2012 recipient of 's Craig McMullin Distinguished Service Award!
How was you run? I has such a fun time! And def next year for me at the Rock n Roll half :)
Hey Kim I was reading your article on Haiti, glad you enjoyed yourself!! :-) but jw when did you go?
to all my philly tristate peeps check out wurd 900 am my fav show is Reggie Bryant in pursuit of truth 1:00pm monday-thursday
Happy Mother's Day to you, Cindy!
Awkward time in Sunday school already... :-/
Alaska is in my grocery store. Seems like anomaly next to Hillary Duff and Gossip Girls, but Nerdfighters need milk too.
going to film be back!!
I think you're confused. In every state where the people have spoken, gay marriage gets defeated. Unelected judges pass it.
Katrina Veerkamp. Oh how I love that woman
night people<3
Awesome, just 1 hour away :-) ...may I ask why the move?
#just sayin Like I always say u got something to say shit we grown shit say the name who u talking about .
Guess that was a bad joke :/ OOPS
just got off work alittle while ago, gettin' ready to party for my 26th birthday; tonight we at Barracuda, HOLLA!!!
not at all...you just send snippets...it is enough for folks to determine if they have a desire to know more.
I was wondering if you have ever used the maybelline dream bouncy blushes? I'm really interested in buying them. :]
#jets! USC will just use and Joe's super bowl ring as our bowl alternative
Super Bowl Desserts There's nothing like a Super Bowl party for munching on good snack foods. But after the chicken wings are gone, the c
Ah Omg omg omg victoria justice was filming at my aunts gas station but i had to go to the mall -.-
A Streetcar Named Desire the revival back on Broadway...feeling nothing but excitement
I'm sure that makes Liverpool feel great thanks WB
Congrats on season 2! Usually 1st year shows I love get axed, so way to survive the curse.
lady gaga fans are the most annoying people on this planet
Barney hits solo HR. #brewers #Cubs ties 1-1
We're even more excited to have you there!
i was making fun of people who screenshot their alarms lol
I'll check and circle back
It was great!! Made it my mission to spoil my mum!
PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - April 30
when your stressed you eat ice cream , candy , cake , & cookies. why ? because stressed backwards is desserts. (:
nervously #BBN waits 4your decision because#BBN loves u be apart of something special at UK b4 u dominate the NBA Kentucky
Any idea how late the ticket office is open today?
haha. Well yeah(:
You're welcome Keep up the great work w the kids. Best of luck w fight #2. And thanks again for the story idea.
getting hit in the ribs at practice ...
I wish I could Amazon Prime myself some whiskey.
Sit , sit. Good dog.
#recordstoreday Celebrate physical music by visiting your city's record store the
Another day of excellent #E3onG4 coverage. Is it bad that I took the day off work today to see Nintendo's conference?
you and layzee in the 64 shaking down locals for cigarettes?!
True laziness is being excited when plans get canceled
Some of yal givin into sin as if you owe the Devil something!! Like you FORGOT your debt was PAID IN FULL!!
I feel like lately I live at the ATL airport. This was confirmed for me today when the lady at Starbucks in terminal D knew my name...
Nancy Thank you so much for the reference from another participant xox
Love is one long sweet dream, and marriage is the alarm clock.
*sigh* There are women hikers too! Me, for example..
haha alright! See you soon😜
Enjoying final 4 but want MLB to start
Who would like a coupon update? ME. "RETURNOFCOUPON" $10 off for the first to buy
Why are men like laxatives? They irritate the shit out of you.
These bitches at my school didn't even know about one direction till last week and all of a sudden they are big fans now..lol no fuck you.
alright guys now im leaving oh yea follow me i follow back anyways
Canada will for sure. Image distributes there.
The more belly fat you have, usually the higher your risk of heart disease.
Disappointment is a sort of bankruptcy - the bankruptcy of a soul that expends too much in hope and expectation... - Eric Hoffer
We need so motivation
I didn't see that you called until late last night, I wondered if y'all ever come out this way?
It's george! Haha c:
Holding auditions on September 24th from 10am-2:30pm at The Father Ryan Arts Center. For a time please email
girl you just want me for my slow jams
"out drink a leprechaun"
I'm going to to be really mad at myself later for wasting work time in class and putting my paper off
Every bitch or nigga gone show they hand in due time
i just drank my fruit cup. like... sans spork.
Why is it when I build a bond with a person outside of my family passes and I feel sad when they die than my own family ?
It is important to help the elderly and disabled- these are our mothers and fathers sisters and brothers.
RT You're most welcome! Let us know if you get a chance to try it out.
There's something about a cow in a meadow that's, well, just eternal.
I'm still laughing about that sex toy party last night haha
OMG cubicle neighbor's wife, stop calling him for directions every time you drive anywhere! He has a job to do. For now.
“: KOrton returns to Den w/ chance to knock Broncos out of playoffs.”
Thank you for the retweet!
no. I was the first person in line. Haha if your who you look like you were 2nd. Random I know..haha
In desperate need of a "Getting Sh*t Done" playlist...
I'm up for that.
great pics! i have to say...i am so mad i can't eat dairy!!!
Yeah because we Indians dance like that.. Hah. No.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. ~ Zig Ziglar
How do you mend a broken heart?
Movie recommendation is Danny Devito in "Throw Momma From The Train"
RT : pro tip #1 - add a hashtag ( the # ) 2 each tweet 2 reach a wider audience. Like #lynchburg or
#CollaborativeLaw - Where parties and attorneys contractually agree to settle disputes without going to court.
Don't let the world break me tonight,I need the strength of you by side
Evolution, gay marriage, Obama. That sound you're hearing is conversative minds exploding all across the country.
#rememberwhen 20 dollars would have ur tank looking right
Thanks for connecting, Keith Entheology Online looks like an interesting cyber-place.
So we're going to be releasing a record...
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
I'll keep all of those places in mind :) Have an awesome weekend Ashlyn!!
's support is phenomenal. Called to speak to a representative. Oonly waited 10 seconds to get through.
Laying another track the ideas are flowing good today...
Rep. Lanning says tacking on $50 million to #Vikes share is a hard bargain but that's as far as committee can go. No more time for talks
We're supposed to find "common ground" with people that think the Earth is 6,000 years old
I'm brining back my Soul Searching party next Thursday the 16th 8pm- 10pm 2 4 1 on all drinks. No Cover guest
Congrats to the Seahawks! Wagner 59 Pittsburgh 54 Final- First win over a ranked opponent in 33 years.
but they aren't as awesome as I am!
I'll explain to them... Dora's going to take me in the other room and show me what's in her backpack, but it's only for adults.
Waking up at 6:30 to see my boy on prom day?!
2day is my last day working 4 and State Assembly. Thanks to everyone who made my time @ Capitol and Sac terrific!
All libraries burn: so design for it! Multiple copies, friends, etc.
Hope the saints can do it but I am just ready for some football....pulling for Detroit this year...of course behind the RAMS
I love you Chazz♥
when is sketchup going to make a linux version?
RT w/ the Happy Hours app on Android, my pals & I just cruised around from after work till midnight getting food and drink specials.
Thanks for the RT
get the fuck outta here you wont do shit
I vote
Hello Everyone!
yea ok, blame ur stinkys on the eggs we all kno that was u lmfao
Peyton Manning is such a class act. One of the great guys in the game. I wish the Favre/Packers breakup went down this way.
Actually, the questions were, "Will you still need me, will you still feed me."
ESPN.com's report says BYU's Brandon Davies "gave the Cougars length and size inside". Apparently, his girlfriend thought the same thing.
Hope everyone in having a great thanksgiving!
JK: Purpose = vision, fellowship, commitment.
Should I make a instagram
#First40songsonshuffle 1. Dr. Bieber - Justin Bieber
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
:) RT : Also, what a fantastic way to close Transmission LA? are keeping it the realest in the LA art world.
or is there something i'm missing one of you can help me understand? otherwise, back to facebook...
night at the Thursday, April 7. Free pint glass with your first Heavy Seas, and $3 pints all night!
"When I go to a restaurant, I always ask for a chicken and an egg, to see which comes first."
An early Sunday morning Manhattan run is a nice way to start the day.
bidders beware, your bidding on broken or defected products. But I'll
There's nothing quite as fun as watching a cat stretch, grab air, and fall off the couch.
Playing records last minute with Kam at Mezcal!
haha RT : Me too. I hope he takes you quail hunting. RT : on my way to Wyoming! hope I see Dick Cheney there.
Just remembered I need to borrow that book for the novel paper in ethics from you. Probably should start on that mess.
Sister is over planning her wedding a few more months and she's gonna be Audrey Perry): My future brother-in-law better treat her right! lol
wrrre are you ?.-.
is upset he wasn't pardoned by former Presedent Bush.
Celebrity apprentice by myself. Meh
it's just lemon water, I swear!
3 hour joe rogan podcast and then an always sunny marathon makes for a pretty good monday
omg why are you moving to North Dakota !?
hey send some follows my way
Its official Stamped N Diva/ Phaze II MC are linked. Please believe its about to go down. Follow for any updates.
Long day, with a live night
That awkward moment when you think your PHONE is ringing but it turns out to be someone else's phone with the SAME ringtone.
I am home but semi happy RT : are you home?
😱😱😱 y'all are such a beautiful couple!!!
I forgive and forget
Twisterz Toys Available at amazon.com!
(RELATIONSHIPS) Be the type of person that you want to FIND; If you're a G'damn Nickle don't be lookin for a DYME. Lyfe'
out of all the rappers out 2 chainz has the most official swag
Doug Drushke and I are on the way to the Big Easy for the biggest game in this state's history!
I already ate them all! Sorry!
Morris for sure
You got to know the enemy to be able to fight...
Hm I didn't think of that. It's a good idea..the lists. hehehe Have an awesome day mate :)
* We're goin Big Ham at Plush in ATX right now. Come hear me drop some new joints from Drankenstein 2
Angela, I want to pitch Dawn at RocktheWorld. How do we apply?
#idontlikeyoubecause you try too hard
funny pictures of cats are definitely useful things. :-D
Well, at least you got something accomplished!
is the bomb!
That moment when someone tells you to guess what they have and they tell you before you can guess. Wtf was the point of telling me to guess!
Thanks! I know the women in your family will have a great one if you're with them!
Oh wow, I'm not ready for that!!! Well you can light your fireplace tonight =)
maximum utility for others outside yourself. You always have free will, but that free will is constrained with being set a part falsely as
Ima part of the problem, my problem is im peaceful.
Cheap royalties for sure!
Beautiful tribute to #WhitneyHouston on the
And I just met a lady who has 6 hedgehogs. Some free range in her home. And they sleep w her. Good thing I've been drinking.
Only ribbing you. I haven't watched S3 yet so I wouldn't know either way.
Sing it sister Bonnie show me how it's done.
I'm looking for all grade levels! Can we connect sometime this week or next week?! :)
Whoever that person in your twitter picture is , is dangerously goodlooking! tell them to Holla At Me(;
yes-yesterday afternoon-we had a cold Saturday night
“No skill is more crucial to the #future of a #child, or to a democratic and prosperous society, than #literacy.” -
RT : Hubs went acrss the street in his T. Rtrns 10 min ltr aftr explaining BOAC to our bodega man. Was like telling...
do you still send out autographs?
I miss you
how about a best guess how long Jennings is out??
My name is Dylan Giles my profile pis is of a blue Chevy camaro,
I feel like crap
Not true!(x
HELLO PEPS.
Play more D we can win this game yall
I love you.
But in practice, researchers in academic labs almost never do "normal" flu research in high-security facilities.
Union Sq, Penn St, Port Authority, GMA, Today, WTC. :)
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put ones thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world #quotes Goethe
8 delays & 4 gate changes later...
And to think, just over a decade ago, #Mizzou football would have killed for a QB who could hit a car.
what chu know!???
Drinking beer with a bunch of friends and enjoying each others companies and conversations.
He watched a how-to Twitter video on the Youtubes
Hi Tom!
I prefer the "idealized emotional over investment" model of filling out my bracket (ie always pick Kansas).
No doubt Ann Romney had tough job raising all those Romney kids-lots of credit given. It's extra hard to do it w/o much money/security.
for some guys, pretty fucking hard.
I can't wait for school to be over and summer to start
You should never try and change a man... As women we try all that we can but the only thing to be changed at the end is you dropping him
Kitsilano Daily Kitchen sounds delicious, will look into trying it!
ready for some orange blood!
What are some of the worst (scariest) websites you have ever seen?
UGH!!! “: And i got my nose pierced! Woohoo.”
thank you :)
Received reports our announcement tweet was too long to RT. Silly Twitter, let's try this again...
Summer Love > Any Other Kind Of Love
Please, chime in.
: how old
if you’re BF doesn’t get u a Chocolate Library TLC Basket, it might be time for a regime change of your own!
I should've favorited all the "RT if your team won a second rd game" or "RT if your team didn't lose by 30" hahahahaha
Always enjoy catching up with Great producer, talented musician (), and smart as a whip with the biz. Recommended.
Sending my thoughts and prayers to the family of the Texas Ranger's fan who died tonight from injuries caused by falling over the railing...
You know you're spending way too much time in the library when you need to "feng shui" your workspace.
hell yeah, it's a great tune.
COMPLETELY agree w/ : the promo was awesome. I can only hope 2 b on a show that inspires sm1 that much.
I was just saying that he wasn't in it but could have produced it
OMG im so excited =) are they making the 3rd too?!
RT : RT : People's brains are engages when their BODIES are engaged!
I misses you!!!!
Let's start the discussion on The Corporation at #mc220!
Now, lemme get a chop at this lumber...
Whenever Lana Del Rey songs play in a restaurant I'm in, I contemplate what atrocity I MUST have committed to receive such horrible karma.
LETS TAKE NEW YOURK IN AN HOUR LET'S GO
It's starts with a U and she is Asian
girlfriend just arrived in town, so skipping reception. But will be at sessions tomorrow AM if you want to meet up & coordinate...
Just got to the gym, plug in the headphones...and they break.
word sugar tits.
Sometimes things fall apart for better things to fall together ~
you should always bring dolls on a date. That way u give him a visual reenactment of the future.
"Responsible approach to the taxpayer," Kennedy said of setting one election date, with a primary. Cost is expected to be $9 million.
bi polar weather...crazyy
ya think insurance covered that?
I'll be in Novosibirsk in July and Moscow in August.
Yess!! His shirt was beyond tight!!
I still got to connect my twitter and fb. If I have problems I'll let you know. Thx
uh yah. Also them. :D I spammed their mentions to follow me and boom they saw my tweets. Haha.
sending em rite now
From winning super bowl players will get $88k each, losers $44k each
Single Carrot Education Department now has its own Twitter!
a crash pad is in my future.
It's so unfair I believed I could handle this I swore I could fix everything
The Heck I waited 3 hours waiting to Wins these Tickets and I want caller number 7,
see you there Karen!
My wife hasn't done laundry in years. It's a trust & reading issue. I don't trust her to read labels.
Having a fun day at work today!
The 3 symbols of Passover are: matzah (unleavened bread), maror (bitter herbs), and pesach (paschal lamb).
Everything is all Googleplussed up.
LOVE that.
my pleasure!
finally signed up for the Healthcarevendors Daily. Looking forward to your updates!
Dina, an apt description vapory and chaotic
Know the feeling you get when you see a colleague's website and it makes you sick? Sick because it gives the industry a bad name?
that's a good one!
Omfg I'm actually gonna submit a video to AGT. I can't believe this.
#congrats on a great #HOF career! Hope to see u playing next year
In crunch time, bottom line is, Landry can't create his own shot. I just think JR is a much more proven player.
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to the men and women who protect our freedom... You have done more for us than we'll ever know.
Today we are future-forward.
I feel very cheated. I thought marriage was for life.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Cheers~
I missed at school today.
about to co-teach my first barre class eek!!
Out and about in L.A. today. Placing workshop flyers into Starbucks and beyond - anywhere that artists will congregate
that sounds like a sad life, my friend. :o
I'm convinced the only boy I'm gonna love is my big brother.
I would watch Polar Bear's Cafe right now but its getting late D:
Going To Sleep Early!!! Got To Get Up Early!!! GoodNight!!! :D
Noreen's first dumb move of 2012 - lost keys found stuck in door this morning. Smooth!
JCP nabs first commercial - as #Oscars sponsor. Def aiming to boost fashion cred w/ Mango partnership
I keep 1 eye open and 1 ear listens , only mind kind understand that.
Headed out of town Atlanta see u when I get back!
Bought me some new #Nike Dynamic Support Lunarlon shoes! They're black and red!!
Just booked tickets to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico for the weekend - leaving tomorrow morning w/! Happy Thursday!
YAY, you made one!!!!
you're loving that ravens D right now...
first federal savings and loan association
RT : New restaurant going into Shockoe Bottom! Maximo's will be Spanish & Italian, the best of two chefs!
I agree!! They were awesome!!
I'd love to see the $$ spent just on the war in Iraq & how much it cost each American.
Yes, let me know the best way to contact you. Thanks, Eddie
RT Counting it all joy this morning!
Like the new iPod you just touch her to turn her on Haha I love that Song
Just got home from a vacation where I didn't wear socks for a week. I got a pedicure at some point. It was pure bliss.
Went to opening of SD Humane's new neonate kitten clinic. Dozens of adorable squirming kittens, now with a chance of surviving!
The marine layer is not playing right now...
Discipline, is the root word for disciple, teach/model to your children how you want them to behave so they respect you.
I'm here in Vallejo, CA to help a new customer w their new Wordpress website, seo, domain name and other information technology items
Mornin,.I won tickets off channel 99.5 to see u in Novi Mi but u didn't show up.What happen??It was a great club.
Thank you very much..
Haha Rome needs premium fuel meanwhile the jungle's clones just need gas. :-)
I been getting ignored all day & I'm not liking the shit at all !!!!
I don't care what they think....fuck em to hell...well all met up soon,hahah!! God don't let fags in heaven >;-)
Taxes filed. Nice refunds. Amy should get laid off and we should have a kid every year!
Whether we are together or apart, we are always in each others hearts.
Had a blast at #GoodEatsCookingClasses today! Created some amazing salads perfect for summer!
I usually watch all 3, but I've been so focused on work & the new house, I've totally missed ALL the races this year.
I bet if you broke away from Hollyweird, Spent time on my Ranch riding horses, just getting some outside quiet time, you'd love it!
I was really moved by the ending tonight. that was awesome. she was so excited.
Work ethic know no limits!
Yes. And then have your pupils go crazy in the next room with the electric blue lights.
Visited with an incredible organization today and during the visit learned they love using tools from Support both!
we get plenty of that out here. Whats the bloody music scene like?
Help me get to 55 Follow me,n follow u
No I'm jk
Un-Patriotic at the very least. They were bummed out today with gas prices going down, dammit!
Time to start blending Grasshoppers and mixing Margheritas
On our way to and saw Angelyne driving down Sunset.
hey what's up :)
That's not good. :
First assignment for Winter '12 is underway. A bit of reference service history with Samuel Green--it got personal.
Remembering Dad and Grampa, and admiring all the great fathers she knows among family and friends. Bless you for all you do.
5.11 Tactical and PMBT now working together Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
get on ooVoo
Where are my Patricia Kaas fans out there??? Just discovered her!!!
According to the office of enrollment... and that's my understanding too.
yeah, I use to have a music recording studio with over $2000 worth of equipment but I sold it all when I moved. I wanna film now
Will post soon. Need to tinker some more. Learning a ton fast. Your vid helped, btw.
Love that Eric Holder and Justice Dept will review and investigate #Trayvon's case. Justice must prevail.
Battlefield 3 close quarters: because we're trying really hard to be call of duty.
She should get a divorce and settle down. ~ Jack Paar
...hey stranger, always such sexy pics :)
What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger. Stock up on our Prevention and Recovery gear! Go ahead, fill up the cart and leave the shipping...
Tell your friends to follow us! RT: “: on twitter n I wasn't informed smh”
I'm getting sleeeepppyyy 😒
Nancy Grace on GMA was SPOT ON commenting on the latest student/teacher scandal! I think I'm starting to really like her?!
Very exited to support with at our event on the 9th! Come on out and help.!!
It's ironic and troubling that James Harrison is calling a devil when he's brandishing two handguns for his cover story photo.
...it's awesome that #TheHelp is inspiring conversations about #CivilLiberties for everyone. #GLBT included. Truly warms my heart.
Congratulations, Chris! I'm very happy that you've found a great TT position, although we'll certainly miss you here in Virginia.
Barber who says he faced off with #turnpike gunman: "I couldn't sleep last night." Hear his story first on NBC 6 at 11am
the ipad is not all it's cracked up to be. it's fun, sure, but you always wish it would just do what you need it to.
Read history and biography to learn what the great leaders did right - and wrong. No reason to repeat mistakes or reinvent the wheel.
Wat up dudes
keep submitting! better luck next time.
On our way to !
These guys rock! rocking out at the klove tent at cheering on
Luv the Twitter Tuesday idea for charity. How do I get my business mentioned?
scraps stands w/all his brothers & sisters in their struggle against the man. supports all strikes & general insurrection. happy may day!
where and why? I missed the memo!
I can't keep my eyes opened anymore. Good night everyone ✌❤
wow not even a mention ouch
RT : Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney.
oh the day is so beautiful in L>A>
Movers just arrived...time to unpack! Slainte!
"I hate when someone leaves my room and doesn't shut the door completely."
You'll be missed by fans & staff but we all appreciate your dedication to #familytime. Keep being #awesome!
We have instagram now! Our usernames are marisaofficial and michaelofficial! If u have an iPhone you can download the app and share ur pics!
Creed, huh? Obviously its bar close.
Im drawing a portrait of u if u have a fave pic Direct message me and i will tell u my info...
Oh my God I love having a juicer!
sorry fresh out!
Come and rest your bones with me. Driving slow on Sunday morning.
holy jeez just got back to game after meeting. Okc yikes
Speedos or swimming trunks?
lost all respect for the wanted >.<
And the mic is off! "I keep hitting buttons".
I have a policy that I won't cover the cartels unless the publication has a kidnapping policy.
Welcome consensus seekers Thnx for following
S/O to our big bro & manager #BiggestBusinessman #FOLLOW [FGC/SG]
beer-pressure, come drink on patio. $1 PBR, $2 Miller bottles, $3 Rails Tall any way and $5 TAll Sweet Tea vodka cktail 3pm to 9pm.
#FirstDayBack and Im willing to like, jump off a bridge to escape these people. Humanity is frustrating.
hey I'm at my appointment I will call u later!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 34
Pray big; God will grant big things if you ask for them and are big enough to receive them. Norman P Veale
Happy Pi Day geeks! :) 3.14
Hunger Games Puppy Bowl!
So many interactions with famous people in one day!
Prairie, embargo and stoic have also knocked out spellers in first round
#Vizzda.com is your source for timely, accurate and actionable #CRE #data. Check us out on Facebook, LinkedIn or by joining our #beta!
you damn right its mine. And I'm filing for custody!
Awesome to meet you, too, and thanks for bringing the power! :D
somethin i have 2 tell u
I'm getting fat I need to workout some hopefully this summer I'll be able to walk the park like last year
Everything does happen for a reason.
i'm going to be so pissed if i can't get my license tomorrow...
What time is green flag tomorrow? Feel the need to sleep late already
haha random but funny!! "We didn't realize that we have arrived at high tide low tide never made it out alive" (:
bad, bad comma splice. For shame o educated one!
Starting to get offended by all of the DM Spam coming in the last day or so... Stop telling me I need to loose weight spamers!
Beautiful Day
and to make matters worse, I just turn 25 like 2 weeks ago
Hipster, eh? Looks like a nerd to me!
thanks for the text read to end your show today!
Lovers And Friends ♥♪
#nowplaying Chucho Valdes "Solo Piano", one of his best albums in my humble opinion. Set gives a full perspective of this Cuban piano legend
Washington fans are bitter. Terrence Jones is getting booed every time he touches the ball.
"Luck is when preparation meets opportunity" - Coach Gruden tonight on
Ok three #APD squad cars in front of the house
