Additional County Optional Income Tax is $12 million more than Fishers because of redevelopment in
is getting closer and closer ... Who's excited :)
The dude is 27-28 years old and still acts like a child.
In last 20 yrs, there have been 27 player seasons w/ Usage rate >33. Of those 27, Kobe this yr is 24th in PER and 22nd in TS%.
It's a great day to bring your non-perishable food donation here for Mt Scott Pres Church -- collecting for distrib in Lents/Mt Scott/Arleta
The Pittsburgh accent shall be the death of me. Please interpret the following: Dayntayn, Maysure, Hass
That awkward moment when you realize that Valentines Day is approaching, but the only thing you love is dance...
My boyfriend is so good.
Just realized Future of MuseEd didn't wind up w/ a tech table. Might have been our oversight, but I like idea that it's integrated.
#backinaction - three days without internet was a struggle - was there a world before it?
Just out of spite I am wearing white after labor day. I'm a rebel!
If you haven't checked out , you should. Amazing.
it's pretty cool n promising. Thanks to you
Nice to have a fellow Kansas Citian in AAPT with me.. You should email me at
Hahaha. -smells Andy's hair- Yup smells like bananas. Mines smell like strawberry. :3
We just smoked four blunts and i'm feelin like I should
Haters be my motivators. Where there's hate there's love, so therefore u gotta love me baby :)
thanks and done! :-)
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding" has an American version !?! I am so watching it now!
#atxcouncil now moves to discuss parks master plan
you tryna get somin in tomorrow?
saturday was designed such that no one should have to shower. save that noise for sunday or monday.
Need More Followerss . ! Team Follow Back ;
funny you saw me 's! Say hello next time :). Thx for watching us in the AM.
that doesnt make me the role model. what makes me the role model is id prefer being wit the one instead of every other 1.
Do you just want to DM me
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
One foot in school, One foot in the real world. Making sure I don't miss any opportunities that come by.
Economies can be rebuilt, armies can be repopulated, but once a nation’s pride is gone it can almost never be restored.
is it still possible to sign up for this?
Give the gift of wellness this year. Candy Canes, Gingerbread Men and Gift Certificates. Be unique~
ChèreChris, nice2find u also here!!See u soon in NYC!Will be great, bisoux!Nice sunday!!
Why the hell was that Midnight in Paris sketch so awkward?
Honestly, you can be one of the biggest bitch I've ever met.
If you wear glasses on a daily basis, PLEASE take the time to clean them.
you know that you are allowed to tweet without linking to some random article, right?
You can really block ur blessings by judging people by their image. Glad that i kno better
Safe journey my friend! From your "Little Boy" Sheriff!
Angel is the best woman ever!
thanks for the re-tweet! :)
I wish I could retweet my own tweet
Elementary school lockdown lifted. I can breathe again.
Is it just me or does Blake Griffin always look like he wants to fight someone or was just in a fight?
My son is 7 1/2 - been doing this since he was born ;) Unschooling - this is our second year.
we're all in this together. Let's change the world.
A little relieved UVa's season is done. My body couldn't handle another game. It was a great season to watch.
Talking about Kirby with and then walking into a class with a sub named Mrs.Kerby.
The line for people who want to say that to me starts over there.
Good morning SL family! You havegotcheck out WareHouse A go go inside the M Resort in Las Vegas...Amazing
25 minutes, Liberty Bank to work, may be a new record.
Surprised my trumpet player by getting her The Real Book, Bb. She's so happy! Bring on the jazz.
So not looking forward to school tomorrow..
Who wants a invite? Shoot us a message and we'll instantly get you in! (We're cool like that!)
Aaron Cornfeld, Sr. Dir., Solution Specialists is on stage talking about the challenges of system upgrades
#ThingsIHate getting hit on by old guys...that's gross
- Well now thats just silly
2012 Channel Champions: Volume Servers - CRN
She's looking amazing.
going to a senior awards night ok ya bye
OMG .. I hate those days
By bringing in Kevin Gregg, the #Orioles are saying they are content with 2 of 3 in
...and my Christmas lebrons 😔😔
like about 15+ all together. Haha
my FAVE at the moment is in #Boca-- Josef's Table.
I AM! I SWEAR!!! MEET ME IN VEGAS! lol RT only if you crazy as me
We got a talker here!
Good Morning! It rained last night! :) Today is a cold and wet day. Great day to stay warm, watch football, and wrap Christmas presents! :)
I fucking love D At Sea's cover of The Sadness Will Never End.
My nose is so stuffy
CUBS GAME?! kill me now
lol we use to always play that
tell her you meant to
Shout out to now we are following each other :)
best game of the day... this is too much fun!
Glad Ronnie could help you out! Thanks for shopping :)
RT These old ppl be up here early as hell walking for exercise lol
RT : So excited for my new HL reel made by "bad-ass in training"
The Sydney Gay and Lesbian Choir (SGLC) is aiming to create the world’s largest virtual choir and wants your help. OutPostChoir is an onl
Goodnight peeps!
“: She's tough. She's difficult. But if you make an effort...then she'll be worth it. She's worth all the effort.”
facebook apps skout, cityville, texas hold 'em and talent me are phising scams!
I know...I was using reverse psychology! ;)
ah!! Dani Bellando ate the rest of mine!! Bring some for tomorrow! ((: and you're welcome!
Can we reach 300 hundred Fans this week? The Supplement Superstore just reach 1000 fans, congradulations.
Manning with the broncos and Tebow with the jets it's just
"I swear to God, where the f*** is this f***ing s*** in this f***ing system" -Corey having fun playing Mass Effect 3
no clue
#AllRelationshipNeed is SELFLESSNESS
first i eat the edema-me then i suck on the edema-me outer shells then i repeat with another bowl
It will up in the morning. I'm so excited! :)
RT : We are excited to see our #intled friends here in Denver next week for the 2012 conference!
Imperial scientists, honeycomb pattern of nano-sized magnets can be used to store computable information Imperial scientists take an impo
Its finally here! #Boyfriendvideo iughgfednjfu AH!♥
New York's hottest club is Vinyl...this club has everything...warrior princesses, chicken fingers,Jared from Subway & his foot long..
Happiness is a roaring fireplace and a glass of Captain's and Coke!
RT : RT : South Florida's ambiguous weather <
how are things coming together? Want to pow-wow on the phone next week?
awkward tried going to house the bitch wouldnt open the door
its hard!!!
I need you.
ohmygoodness...you are the ONLY couple I know like us...usually its the reverse!!!
ha ha I loved .99 they are a great agency full of very good people :)
Duke so far played Mich St., Tenn, Mich, Kansas and OSU. UNC has played Mich. St, , Wisc. and That's a tough schedule
3 common lies for boys: im sorry, I love you, and it won't happen again.
So much homework!!!!!
Girls get 5 dollars tshirts with alot of colors and think they fresh
Ordered Sibelius 6 upgrade. Moderately exciting; it's supposed to be a lot more clever about spacing things.
Local Motion is #Boston's solution for all #transportation needs. PM us today to get more information!
Ready for Day 2 in Prague. 3 hour walking tour starts a jam packed day militantly organized by
This whole Hologram concert thing sounds cool but scary at the same time. Just imagine being drunk and bam! A dead celebrity appears.
ready to roll !
This has to be a sign of the Apocalypse: "The Family Circus" was relatively cute and amusing this morning.
I guess I need people to stop demoing AOP with the Logging/Instrumentation example. It's hard to invest time in it with that idea.
why do my days seem to be getting longer and longer... ugh... NYC weekend.. please get here.
Cause I'm not the one hella bored RT : y
Saw in Downtown Melbourne today. Not really! But it would've have been cool... #Brevard :)
Jonas LA was amazing
Nice! When was SAL born?
Awesome, welcome to the club. I've had 1 for 5 years now and love it. Ham going on there Sunday. Cheese also awesome
great to have ya a part of it! We'll try and make it fun
Gonna have to take the Lions tonight... Sorry, S.J. and Jackie! :)
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana I Won't See Banana Tonight
Gotta love Even when slammed w/ drunks, they still make sure semi-regulars like me get the freshest pizza possible.
Those moments when he pisses me tf off then says things that turn me back into mush lol ;)
Beverly Hills-
Most important factor in business & life success is your ability to sell. From selling products to convincing teenagers to clean their room.
I want to go to Disneyland for Christmas <3
Damn no manning for the cheifs
south side bound with
I could stay in bed all day today.
"Do most what you do best"--Tony Kroening, Managing Director, SIMA Intl at the Co-lab Conference in Chicago, IL.
Thank you for helping bring Ian to webwise. Sorry we haven't met in person yet, but I want to follow up with you about
Had a fun show w/ in IA! Another show tomorrow at The Garage w/ Take Cover, Jonny Craig, Mod Sun+more!
that is because I stopped writing... :(
thank you, we're happy you're enjoying it! We could help if their interested too.
what up!?
To be a successful father there's one absolute rule: when you have a kid, don't look at it for the first two years - Ernest Hemingway
sleep with the angels. <3
That game 7 in New York is about to get crazy.
Sexually frustrated .
MT I'm fine discussing increasing the booze excise tax, but the Sunday liquor rules are stupid.
Great to see/meet all of you!
Happy Birthday! :)
Thanx for sharing! Great show!
RT : Someone in Baltimore won the Mega Millions. I hope it was Bubbles.
fuck no a wonderful mind changing passionate over dedicated friend and lover Pisces sweetest ppl u will EVER MEET
like yarn? no.
Have you entered our giveaway? Just tweet that you want to take you out to the ballgame with the !
You hang with broke fuckers you gone be the next broke fucker
Mark, if you're really in Dallas, you owe us a fishing picture PRONTO.
Rush Raised Letter Printing is available at Cost-Effective Rates with Fast Turnarounds at NYC Printing 123. Call 646.833.8085/...
STAY TUNE! Dates for upcoming performances will be posted!
Being #indie is a challenge - band together and unite in strength
Finally getting around to watching Very good idea.
Are you going to be at the Jordan Brand?
Come join us on Saturday Apr. 24 at Easton, 4047 Gramercy St, and find out how Green you can be!
If all the cars on the Earth were lined up bumper to bumper, some idiot would try to pass them.
Don't forget that "An Evening with Mark Francis" is this Sunday at 7:30PM!
omg yes and nap times were all day everyday and no one told u to wake up
Quick Question re: Camtasia Relay: Does it have Speech to Text (voice to text transfer to create a transcript)?
good idea
join you in drunktweeting. The Future: Live it or Live with it.
My workout = countless hours of GA/Chez choreography. Lulz.
awesome! All the guys are too! If I had a stash id totally grow it out!
Will you suit up tonight?
Whenever someone proclaims to "shout out" to somebody, I take the opportunity to find that person and shout at them.
probably not to exercise, but yes!
True that! RT : : “: if you don't know how to have fun, then you dont know dot dot dot
Is there a cool place to grab a beer around the Erwin Center? Black Keys tonight!
Watching the race. Are you a Nascar fan?
Has anyone put batsmen in other than descending order of ability? Seems like an idea to have a #10 with an average of 75.
Ran out of diet pills!!!!! Now eating KFC & Taco Bell
check out "Through This Song" by Brotherofman (wait for the kicking harmonica solo!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
that's awesome I'll check it out for & & I'll check out too now that u mentioned it :)
are you comparing to a european cover band?
have a great day shooting Parv.
One of the best ways to finding good landscaping ideas is to look at magazines which deal with this area of gardening
Plannin the rest of my week
Well, I can tell you on thing is a sweetie. Not a mean bone in her well under 5 ft body!
For the next 7 days, my life will consist of nothing but studying.
I've got a smile on my face and a "screw you" attitude, cuz from this day forward, i'm living for MYSELF.
chocolate milk gets me weak
If u have. A twitter please follow---->
were like na na na then were like yea yea yea!
I LOVE synchonicity RT "Your playing small does not serve the world" RT <--just thinking of the quote 1 h ago
Happy Easter everybody
Pamela, you make my heart sing :)
I really don't think that I've changed...
no problem babe
Wait For You By: Elliott Yamin.. <3
Took O to soccer game tonight. He had fun, but shame he couldn't see a real team win
Janice Jacques, hey dolls thinking of U & thanks for always remembering me. Hope your week is off to a good start!
I am heading out to the Boatyard to hear Geoff McBride. Come out to support him. He is singing today from 4:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m.
well....last night I left the convention early and danced w my wife in the French Quarter after dinner!!!
you hear "swag" "belieb" "supras" "purple" or "canada and automatically "justin" pops in your head :)
Mariners can't afford Prince if he is just going to DH in five years
So excited to interview at tomorrow!
==> That "HYFR" Moment, When She Can't Do Nothing But Lay There After Sex...........
I still can't hear dat well... Those blasted loud kids
Free double espresso in Madison.
Lightly baste sourdough bread slices with our 1870 Steak Sauce, Butter, and ground Garlic. Cook at 415F for 3-5 MINS!
Thank you Firefighters and 'Race For The Cure' participants for stopping in this weekend! Hope we see you again next year if not sooner! RT
I'm currently losing my mind because of a lost hooded sweatshirt.
Is that the way the season ends for Atlanta? On a Josh Smith jumper....
Hey! lol follow back?!
I'd walk away but i'm in too deep...
That's what the robots want you to think.
First Lady has slipped a can of "Anti-Kardashian" spray in the President's luggage for his trip to LA, just in case..
hell yeah fuckin right all right
I'll have to try that restaurant. Thanks for the recommendation.
Conflict resolution was considered feminine in a relationship before
my FuelBand shows "Link" "Pair" & "Air" -I dont get "Sync" "BT symbol" or "airplane mode" on my band. Is there a firmware update?
who wouldn't want to lick your butthole?
Making frenemies and the lily-pad strat. Just 2 of 10 things has learned. VERY impressive!
You could meet a boss battle at any moment. Carry a lot of potions, and save frequently.
I'm about to go home and shower then I'll hit you all up. Same thing, same place.
oh my gosh dewey decimal overload....
You sold me out to save your self
:) well, Sir, I'm going to be on that list of fabulous American alumni I promise you that!
Ah okay, cause on the web site it said Browser-based, but maybe you just have to launch the app from the browser (ala FreeRealms)
have you ever broadcast your mobile audio rig? the equipment you use? it sounds really good and i want to get something similar.
Is free shipping really a "deal?" It seems like you can almost always score free shipping if you search for a promo code. Am I wrong?
DID HIS THING TONIGHT
what you doin
Having a great Monday getting stuff done. How's everyone else doing today? :)
happy belated, we share the same day!! Hope it was a great day for you
Big Ben... Parliament...
awe thanks baby ;)
#gratitude steady work, promise of good weather, My Mark, scrounged spare parts, good people, brown rice, my bike, breathing room.
working through our 2nd full week as a new company! Website is running smooth! Trying to guerrilla market like mad men!!
When you start being too "inspirational" folks don't wanna hear it but y'all claim you tired of negativity. Make up your mind!
NorCal is very much a thing.
loved coolmorning2 love you guys :)
okay let me download it first
Milwaukee's music scene is awesome! Right on! Look for your quote on our boards.
Hi Guys, I want to test the twitter feed on PhillyHealthExchange. Send a tweet
I used to be fucking stupid.....then we broke up!!!
Ocean swim tomorrow followed by a bike ride. "We're gonna need a bigger boat."
Promise of rain-feelin sluggish-pushin on-got java, good company, & Ruby thumpin her tail - all's well
Nothing just got back from shopping :) hbu?
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
As per You Tube’s own terms of service notice, there are only three reasons you potentially would not be able to use You Tube for real estat
I will capitalize the 5th and 6th grd Bake Sale on my investment is 1 cupcake, 2 sugar cookies. What a deal!
just texted the first 1 min and 20 seconds to sag my pants...
Say what
I wish I didn't have to put up with Benson today. Can't stand her 😳
What a loss! Justice Stevens retires. He will be sorely missed.
let's rock it out tonight!
LISTEN TO EENIE MEENIE BY SEAN KINGSTON & JUSTIN BIEBER! ITS THE BEST SONG EVER:)
ah if its a creep then I don't want that Dick
patiently waiting for to perform on Jimmy Fallon.
kiwi strawberry twister;)
#3WordsForYou Sex Drugs and Alcohol.
Hey voicemail robot lady - STOP TELLING ME HOW TO LEAVE A FUCKING VOICEMAIL! I'M AN ADULT!
Listening to Say Somethin before school. Proud Mahomie<3
Learned how to make spiderman last night. gotta love improv balloon sculpting.
My pittbull, Ludo, got along wonderfully with my friends wolf cub, Loki. Loki even gave Ludo a new free ear piercing.
.Semper_Fly Yes, Happy Weekend!
Belmont village senior living to open its community in California
I had the most amazing night with you too baby you are truly best girlfriend ever I love you with all my heart!
Smart phone = dumbest device ever created by mankind! #WTF Ugh bed I love you ❤
Hi , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting?? :) for birthday?
I also suspect who you suspect lolololahahaha! Don't forget that there's also nachos involved with that platter.
my weekend was great how cold is nyc
Just had some the new #McBites. Not bad. Shouldn't need to eat on the flight.
those house of blues tix are running low! april 13. get at me!
lol it sucks
Big things happening, get on board
Awww thanks! It's every other week, thank God. Once a week would be terrible brain science.
why isnt there a book full of offices from across the country in which you have to find Dwight Schrute in all of the pictures??
Workout done! #leggoohh!
USTREAM! GO, CHECK HER OUT(; SHE'S BEAUTIFUL IN EVERY SINGLE WAY!!!
Mi mama is gona have the best mothers day because of dewey and i !!!!!
where do you play #racquetball at a club or rec center? How often?
American Alpine Institute - Dispatches: Denali Team 1: April 29 to ...
According to the news, this is the most snow Seattle has had since the 1940's!!
of course!
If you're not watching the new show "Missing" you are definately missing a great show!! Ashley Judd is incredible!
M, you're making me hungry!!! I love the food fairys at work! Cherries and Sweet Life pastries!
I had the time of my life!
My modus operandi = Have so much to do it's overwhelming? Just do none of it! Dassnahguud. :/
yes!! i would love too!! pick a state!
hey Mikey. c; please follow me?
What free classes are going on today?!
Thanks, Tory! So great to meet you and your poems at
lucky!!! That's awesome!! You deserve a celebration after! ;)
Today is my birthday.(:
#BCHockey - number one for a reason! Here's to another national championship! Good luck in the frozen four!
Really? Herbstreit: Penn St is still what college football is all about? Blackledge: this is still a good job?
also when will let a single browser open multiple #gmail addresses?!
*Browsing through facebook* *See's bitchy status* 60 COMMENTS! *Gets popcorn*
Today's a lazy day! #iaintdoingnothing 😏
Hey world
hahah you're the best
Hi Michele!!
AH!! Its finally on!
Dogtoberfest was a blast!Thx to all who said hello. I'll be adding pix to website soon.Great costumes! My fave? Mr. T. I pity the fool...
Today wins. I'm done. Back at it on Friday. Goodnight everyone.
great pass
I Like Ur Crews Style. Keep Makin Good Shit!
Jdkdjdksksksk will never follow me. k. I give up. Bye.
Atlanta supporters...Check us out #LIVE today on #TV57 at 10pm on #theBobbyHurdShow!
shoe day shopping!!! bloomingdales here I come! :)
managing risk might be hard, but I don't believe that kind of API exists. There's stuff close. DM ur email if u want to discuss.
The moments in life that take our breath away are the moments we should never forget, unless of course, you're being suffocated!
I don't know why, but writing your performance plan for the year is one of the hardest things to do. Anyone agree?
Beautiul day for a ticket lmao.. so many people gettin pulled over in jersey pero diablo its hot right now
thank you <3
in full effect.
Some people clearly did not know what the weather was going to look like today before they left their houses
Those mini spaz attacks when your in bed, half asleep and you think your falling.
Thanks for the follow! Have you used Byrd tile lately?
Shout out to our new followers!!! Sup!! ;) That is all...
RT - This time tomorrow, the Hooligans will unite & welcome home our very own JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS! Are you ready fo...
The scene: Notre Dame (the French one). The awkwardness: "Hump Day again."
#StageCombat #FF (highly skilled shooter) (sword-fighting) (archery)
Long long long time ago. Before the wind before the snow.
come on a cone, roman reloaded, i am your leader, HOV lane and sex in the lounge #best ❤
Follow me on Twitter Join me on my rise man! To my brother's, hold yall head I got us!
hows skool !! i been doing alot of things lately, so busy
they were so good! Thanks for taking me along!
Jazz Thursdays returns to Mumbai
Concerned that you raised a kid who wants to be a different religion than you? Mary and Joseph had the same thing happen to them.
Wow, haven't been on here in a minute!! What up Twitter World!
I pictured like a Pokemon game when I read that... Fox fled from the battle!
Sorry about what?
put something like Vicks, aftershave, ANYTHING under your nose. Or bury it in some fine young lady's shoulder
you started it
#YouGettinPunchedIf You try to take my alcohol from me. 👊💢
Thanks for the RT ! This promises to be the biggest and grandest wedding show of the season and we can't wait :D
I totally agree!
Congrats on the Princeton performance!
After seeing my homework, I am getting super excited about the SSP IN conference.
support kill streaks are starting to make me the most pissed, emps and stealth bombers every fucking second in gw
No problem love
ya tru but it's still messed up how she did u smh
Thanks for the mention. We're excited to have Shauna here
Pandora is playing the perfect songs for my mood tonight.
Aye Kurupt, what we got cuz?!!
it's great to hear you survived. #Running in 16 degree weather: possible but not preferable!
- WERQ! love it!
working late *as usual.* tonite's work menu: we've got interface design, PR tasks for clients + other marketing deliverables underway....
Sport motorcycles has got to be the sexiest thing...
Thanks for spreading the word! :)
I hope you're right! Muuuuahahahahahahahahaha! \m/
TABLE-Foreign brokers set to sell Japanese stocks
My New Account <<<<
Okay I made 60 seconds of happiness...I hope they like it.
Walking through my neighborhood smelling really really good coffee.
WOOD-FIRE GRILLED SKIRT STEAK $16 balsamic garlic marinated w/ salsa verde & crushed potatoes w/ white beans & Bella-cured pancetta
ALL OF IT!
Running the kiln one last time before Craftstravaganza on Saturday at the MN state fairgrounds. Making more charm necklaces today too!
not in Chicago area.....yet. sorry tom.
Indeed. What were some people doing during grammar class?
and I figuring out how to split our bill five ways is our GRE practice.
We didn't create this global obsession with zombies -- we just reflect it.
true. I've thought about proposing a chess initiative.
I know! Wonder if I can sneak up that way for a wkend?
Watching and dish out the strategic planning jams!
It's so hot OMG
Final tally about 250! Thanks to everyone who came out! Big things planned for June!
Love is not something you feel, it is something you do.
i know Im late but hey love
We did
I think this was the first full week of the school year that went well. Hopefully next week will go as well.
I'm rooting for you and one other person...kick ass tomorrow!! :-)
I MISS YOU TOO! You're doing summer otters, right?
its better to say things to people through text messages
Only one person and one person only knows when the world is going to end...and that person is GOD.
BC softball lost in the ACCT today; finished the season at 23-30
hey so wydurinnn
What a time for his first Athletics Home Run!
David West is gonna KILL Ronny Turiaf
I just read that they will be omitting the bugs!!
Getting a haircut.
Me cont'd, "But who'd have thought I'd see Him myself? Me, a paranormal expert and stuff!" You, "Yea, who'd have thunk it." Me, "Yep."
We did have an office in shorewood but we unfortunately closed it. We may explore going back again but not at this time.
My heart aches knowing you can't be here with me.
Watch Patton Oswalt's special. Can't remember the name right now. Watched it last night. Joke on this point.
haha I don't like text books at all :D x
Reason #312 why we <3 him. RT : Sexy scientist: World's most redundant phrase?
Sometimes you've gotta listen to a little Miles on a Sunday and all gets right with the world. :-)
You can't say bomb on an airplane!
Thank you for having us. It's been fun chatting with everyone.
oh really? Lol
This Saturday??(;
To people in Orlando who say Florida isnt the south: its safe to assume how a state is based off of one its smallest cities
I think I'm gonna get back into twitter more.
#PDXfoodcarts enable me to be completely negligent in the kitchen and still eat well for dinner. Not sure if that's a #win or not.
There's two parties - pick the level of debauchery you would like to attend.
Since 1977, Challenge Grants have leveraged $2+ billion for humanities. How often can you use a billion $ and humanities in same sentence?
Today is our 4th anniversary! I love you baby!
Is there any way you could revert back to the "Simple Uploader" tool? I dislike the current Flash v.11 upload page & setup.
what does that require me to do?
Hollywood is sex and drugs! I'd say Tebow is anti-Hollywood... More Amish Pennsylvania
Harmonics: Rise of the Magician is #1,016 in the free store - getting up there!
i knew it! i felt so lost without them i had no idea what to put on my feet earlier &literally went out wearing just my socks
RT “: Thank you to for coming to the #teksystems open house!”
why u no upload ?
Thanks for the FF! :)
Happy Birthday to our Staff Writer and resident dungen master
You should do a ustream with Austin right now. I miss them. :(
Seriously, No Jagr in the shootout? Dumb
losing bets *is* no fun. C'mon, man! I'm already losing street cred for thinking you're talented. At least use proper grammar!
i'm so horny 2day that i can hardly think! wanna tell me what kinda dirty thoughts are slipping through your mind, sexy? cum play with me!
Did planet fitness really just take my Id picture?
Not filling in the UK census because I'm in the United States. I didn't complete the previous census in 2001 for the same reason.
Why is it always so ... like you know that is not destiny ... A state of love idiot does not pass ..
yeah nagga. i wanna get some $300 pair so i look rich af !
I'm made in H.I.S image.. in H.I.S Im age
Welcome. Kemp's rbi single was a bleeder. Tough luck but still early
amazing. Angela is probably going to make gun sounds for the rest of the night.
agreed 100%. I'm so over this class.
we ship cookies:-)
RT : RT in honor of International Women’s Day! “A charming woman doesn’t follow the crowd. She is herself.”
WOO! got 100 followers :D need more!
After my workout I discovered a wormhole in the fabric of time- my shower. What I thought was 5min was really 40min. Now running late 2 mtg.
RT : Yes it is! That was Janette one of the testers from
lovely evening, ladies :)
They sanging up something good!
It's free slice Wednesday at Baker's Square and it's Pi Day. A match made in pastry heaven.
Peter Frampton quit Humble Pie on this day in 1971 to pursue a solo career. I think he ended up doing okay.
Do you have an event or a special you would like us to add to our Cinco De Mayo page? Email us at
Thanks for the shout out!! RT We are loving and their #free resources!
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. ~ Jim Rohn
Im up so early...... gym time! But first some coffee...... lol......wake Melissa!!!
#BlackParade my fave song is "welcome to the black parade" cos of: "would you be the savior of the broken, beaten and the damned" = me
thanks for the love. glad you like 'em.
Well. That was fun.
Rest in Peace, Rue McClanahan.
I am so fizzled out right now. On another note, people are being super nice and wonderful today. (:
Some people are just big A holes! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
So thrilled to see my students! Not being sarcastic! Actually sincere!
get a _____ buddy :)
had to write this status update six times before eliminating all typos... clearly she has not recovered from her all-nighter yet.
Thank u guys :D
Awe pobrecita. Well you know if I had to witness life through her eyes I would be right behind her without a doubt.
We need to have a party soon you guys.
Why thank you! Do you know where the Fall Fling is going to be held this year?
are you?!
no way
Sorry for the tweets (kept getting an error msg)
I'm thankful for all the family members packed into my parents' house, too much turkey and successfully resisting the urge to go shopping.
I broke my pillow
Quitting smoking again!!!!
#WhenAustin sang I'll Be while at the mountains in Canada. ❤
I'm ALMOST too tired to tweet and drive. This cannot be had!!
Chalk up the w. #locos wit the victory!
Finna get online
' Wanna make shit right but everytime I turn around it's something.
I told my mom this morning that i really wanted Subway today but instead we went to Pizza Hut :/
yae im yo first followers just go on a rampage and follow alot of ppl and theyll follow back then unfollow those who dont
Buy or rent your photo booth-memories last a lifetime-Wedding, Church, Prom, School or Corporate
I'm good with or without you...
This Friday will be performing their 1ST show #Live $10 Cover...Tweeps stay tuned for a VIP offer!
"Congratulations ... On behalf of the Wisconsin Area Music Industry you have been nominated for Big Band of the Year."
. want to hire me?
glad to hear it! She has good taste!
Guuuurrlll! Your just perfect!!
Life's better when you have your twin there with you along the way
Watching Cast Away #WILSON!!!
Dining in w/extended family at Sir Pizza of Palmetto Bay. A restaurant you can bike to along the Old Cutler bike trail.
dam that was a real foul,,
at school an just kinda wana go home....
tell us about your potato salad. i've been charged with making the potato salad, too.
Absolutely! Just a 2 hour drive from home - wouldn't miss it!
I'll never get the nerve to say, "Are you with him or are you with me?"
Neil Young. Good night.
Who needs you.(; I have more people than you ^-^ Bitch your going down.
What if his asking price is absurd? We don't know his demands.
I had to do it... Lololz
Thanks! We are all pretty psyched about the show. Maybe you need to make a trip to NYC in October. Autumn in NY is gr8!
I'm sorry...but who died?
Who woke up today and thought... "I wonder if a got any more followers overnight?" OBSESSION FOR MEN & WOMEN!
Repeated several times today: Students belong at the table. Pitching a grant or a policymaker is more effective w/a student.
Big Bummer! Bank of America, after five months of struggling to close a short sale, has closed the file?!?!? What's up with this?!?
Cool, where'd you buy yours?
Mention this tweet and get free chips with your Sausage today!
My dad has the EXACT same shoe as !! Great minds think alike, huh!! Cant wait to watch!
My favorite Jewish American princess () is at it again. [You knew I would love that "May I scat for u" line.] [Oops, brackets!]
Somewhere in heaven my parents are looking down and vomiting.
I know who you are.
Leg day :(
WHAT xD wait in the show or? XD
I got you guys: Soccer-related tweet! Soccer-related tweet! Soccer-related tweet! Soccer-related tweet!
: I'll tell him. He's caught up in this movie right now. It's hilarious . :)
haha i had to put down the buddah.. cant afford extendo's no mo.. but when i can, be sure ima hit you up!
Hi Patricia. Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to downloading Rebs by Accident (or on purpose). Ha.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
Congrats to my friend for getting closer to her dream!
#themuppets soundtrack is amazing! oh childhood!
Right now my four top seeds for the #NCAA tournament are Kentucky, Syracuse, Kansas and North Carolina
Pittsburgh Steelers coach Kirby Wilson and also Candace Juleff Brother (A dance instructor) Was burned in house fire please send Prayer
Dangg. Im late to Ustream cause I just chased the ice cream truck down the block..
It was #Beerweek and I didn't know about it?!
Stuck on another ride!!!!WTF?!?!! I'm claustrophobic and being stuck in these dark spaces are not helping haha #fml #disney (:
RT : I wanna hug #ommf right now....*hugs*
Sitting, watching doo at basketball practice. Wondering . . .
WOW Actor~Magician~Lover~Spy WOW some people only dream of being one of them.. Lance Bergeron says which one is most lucrative?
I wish this were funny, Too often bus drivers are bullies, though. Route 53 drivers routinely crowd/cut me off on 14th
I wish I was you:* yur my bestfriend
You hear the craziest stuff standing in lines for long periods of time. Man behind me singing "Secret Lovers" very badly. Wish he stfu.
drinking beer and hating country music. What is it about white trash and tattoos and cowboy boots??
Just tapped, Mac & Jack's African Amber (replaces Rye IPA) very rare for us to tap.
Is it to early to smack a bitch?
Thanks! RT great talk!
thanks! I try to keep 'em interesting.
yea i gotcha fb whats your email
the weirdest thing about this game is two scoreless high leverage innings from Parra
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home. ~ James Michener
that was so cute im about to cry lol!
RT : Just TWO more days left in #caltortsmmonth! We are looking for spectacular tweets for the next two days!
i gotta admit that was pretty good
goodnight ariana! Hope you had a nice Sunday. Sweet dreams love you :*
Mirna White says she is not aware of current LGBT organizations' issues of marriage equality.
everything is legal if you don't get caught! Haha
Beating tracks all day.
I'm excited to be well past the hundred page mark in #writing Au Pair Report, my second
Is there a snagit like app for iPhone where you can take partial screenshots?
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do. ~Author Unknown
- Congrats Brian! And lets hope that like you, the Lakers keep winning.
That's one step closer than me.
me and are the only one tweeting #HU4L come on u guys don't give up!!!
makes me wonder if we ever will meet, and become closer friends then what we are. Sometimes I start to think just give up on us../:
Updates, News & Photos coming Soon! Like on Facebook! Link can be found at: www.mixinmymind.com/mattscumaci
I dare him too.
Coming soon - prize winners! stay tuned.
Goodnight my tweet hearts
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.QM
$450 Custom website designing. Reg:$699.Today only Twitter Special. Retweet please
Men I know u mad at your Babys momma send a card in the mail she is a mom & come get the kids so she can have a moms break.
ey its im on here. I hot tweet limit. But um yeaah, i never got mine!
haha I mean erm!! I wasn't gonna say anything but umm.. ahha Nah I'm playing brotha. I told ya when you're ready I'm ready
I love to love you baby..
We're in the Canon and Longworth House Office Buildings to see some of the Congressmen that represent our members' home districts.
I listen to KEXP in the car, but that's about it
I'm "home"...Hope to meet my little cousin!
Enjoyed giving Archives tour to Registrar colleagues today. Records of students back to 1778 are under purview of Archives.
Met a lady who said she was too busy to go to worship, I thought I am too busy not to...I need Sabbath, God requires it=mutually beneficial
It's a cold day out there today, completely remedied with a cup of coffee and Snickers bar for breakfast.
MAN CITY DID IT
My current tweet RT : My last tweet
Roarke replies "but I don't think of you"
I can't wait till I can have my #juniorcofessionhour hash tag. Fuck this sophomore shit.
Did not receive
LOL its okay:D
near crystal city. Need to make announcement soon.
You only get what you desire by hard work and timing! Is it your time? Have you put in the work?
In San Fran and free for dinner if anyone is game.
I'll be there in the back of your mind from the day we met to you making me cry
Great week of lessons and vacation camp workouts - ready for the season to open!
hopefully for your crazy party
The boy who can't say no just ran for a seat on the faculty senate executive committee. You may commence shaking your heads now.
is my favorite! Sorry lol
You read my mind!
look out y'all is killin the rap game lmao
Lately, i've been a fucking beat at beer pong. idk what got into me, but i love it. who wanna play me one night?! :D
Texting her makes me smile.. <3
Latest in the #lupus saga of me: #papilledema. Neuro-opthamologist on Monday.
LOL. I'll stop. Everyone thinks Im like evil. xD
School time..
Almost done with 1st book! Brought it to Vegas for a conference! He just showed up in Georgia. #obsessedstalkercontrolfreakmuch?
The Lottery Show is on tonight!!! Check out www.thelotteryshow.com at 10:30 PM EST!!! Watch comedy and chat about the comedians online!
It's our senior day event for all the graduates-to-be :)
Thanx for clearing that up.
Nice D Gmen!
i'm insecure. i know what for. people die when i walk thru the do-o-or.
I'm smart haha
My body and mind are telling me it's time for #springbreak! Working adults should get a spring break too!
”The extraordinary success of Instagram...Bay area tech scene driven by a tightly woven web of entrepreneurs and investors who nurture (eo)”
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Only those who risk going to far can possibly find out how far they can go. (T.S. Elliot)
#HowAboutWe stop caring what other people think
You ever wonder why good things happen to good people? Because you are awesome! Life is a blessing undisguised. Gdn
Riding on the hoodrat bus
CONGRATS JETER! Of course you'd hit a homer for #3000. Great work. Go Yankees!
Just finished a conversation on . with Mike Feder. Excellent interviewer! I appreciate the chance to tell folks about
"The chemistry must be respected" -Walter White
Buzz over golden globe swag is at dnaimprints.com
Madness has no purpose or reason; but it may have a goal
Hey Madeline, thanks for the retweet!
“: I'll DM some choice occasions (dates)! ” You bring the lampshade we'll bring the mixed nuts.
We are working on getting the Broadcast Minds video up on YouTube ASAP. ;)
Every time I kill a dragon in Skyrim I unintentionally let out a barbaric yawp. What beautiful catharsis!!!
I hope you enjoy the book. It's the first novel in my Logan & Cafferty series. I'm working on book
Classes start up again today! Where did #sb2011 go? Only 1.5 more months left of school, but SO excited to meet our new class of AU Eagles!
My wife, on 21st Ave: "How many fabulous 20something girls and oddly dressed boys can you look at before you get tired?"
Wassup Twitter? Shouts To All The Promoters Booking Me In May! Get At Me Lets Go
I knew it would happen. Overheard "GPS" used as a verb: "I will GPS it." REALLY?
With that kind of money I could have invaded some country
thanks for the shout out!
describes food deserts & mentions as a great solution
ahh I see :p
umm i guess you can be like my best friend and i got an idea on what i want for the story !! So yeah do you want that part ??
Attempting to make breakfast before work.
How is business?
Nah no beachbody coach yet, im trying to br self motivated RT : are you working with a Beachbody Coach yet?
I'm pretty sure you still owe me a drink
Love you LONGTIME!! xx
We thought we lost a case full of my son's DS games back in Feb. Found in armchair cushion last week. Hooray!
Gimme a nice hot plate of
Survived another week. Almost.
moms n me still having issues between each other and what makes it bad is that mothers day is this sunday -_- ... things wont go as planned
how long did u play?
our first assignment is a documentary. They're like real movies but with ugly people
The GOP claims there is no "war on women." Of course, many of them also claim Neil Armstrong is a big fat liar.
Nothing like starting a Monday morning off with great food and great conversation with It's gonna be a good week...
20 minutes down, 20 to go. This is a special team. Lets get this banner!
Finally joining the rest of the world with a fancy flat screen for the living room. Can't wait to test it out!
Calling all Okie punk rock enthusiasts. New episode featuring will go live tomorrow. We suggest you get your skulls ready.
i want a dining hall in my apt
I hope this isnt a bad thing
thanks for the connection.
lololol. i just remembered our kesha youtube video
That is an excellent suggestion! RT : go for some Craft beer in a can from San Diego.
I have back to back vacations :)))
I am potentially looking for another writer for the EntreprenOriole. If interested, DM or Email me at
: I didn't know was such a huge Bobcats fan, thx for the heads up.
- awesome website. All dog owners should read up on the excellent tips. Good work!!!
The highest destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.
if it isn't a poem, then I think you should make it so & write it! Xo
Someday I hope 2 go c Della Reese preach @ her church n I really wanna meet Roma Downey.That would b Amazing
This is gonna be a fun ass summer😎🏄🏊🌴👙
just good ol' instagram!
finally adjusted to college life...and so I'm back! writing up a storm and getting a myspace together.
OMG, is it, it can't be ! ITS (dramatic voice) lol
Do you still root for the Spurs or The Nuggets..since you live there?
Cherry tomatoes :) > #winning no I'm not lonely, I'm truly hungry :p
Thanks - we'll put the word out.
Night Justin<3333 I love you(:
Well , I'll let myself speak for myself ;) "Things are getting good!"
Where's everyone going for Mother's Day brunch? (Yes, it's this Sunday.)
‎81 degrees & it's not even noon! Feels like a great day for ice cream & Dave & Andy’s will be scooping all you favorites until 10:00 p.m.!
I totally agree
A cheerful heart is good medicine.
Can't wait to wing it your way. The 2 of you and the lovely are terrific NZ ambassadors.
Small-business Q&A: Make just one stop before starting up
Forward Raffi Torres signs with the Phoenix Coyotes! Do we have any hockey fans here in the valley?
Finally home from a long day... now on to the next one
sounds good dude, you look fly
I can't believe the name of Tim Tebow's dog is considered newsworthy.
She did get Leo his spiderman birthday present!! He's going to be stoked
Watching Novelas With My Mommy C: I Like How We Argue With The Actors Like Its Going To Change Anything Lol.
I'm jealous too :)
hello my love :)
I guess I better check Facebook. Hah
did it again with #goblin. i suggest yall cop that
RT : Anything and everything for you.
Last day of classes today! Good luck today and with your upcoming finals.
Brooklyn's population in 1860 was 266,000 Brooklyn's population in 1870 was 396,000 - a 50% increase over the decade.~Don
Teenage boys are infinitely less dickish in YA novels than they are in real life.
Hm, movies with savage next weekend<3 oh yeah.
God, Bring the real teachers!!
I was thinking the same thing, also notice the Adam's apple? Haha
send some of your work to
I still can't stop smiling from last night.
I knew there was something off about you lol do you have to work all weekend?
Dave just pointed out that 2 of my final projects have to do with crazy, obsessive dancing. I wonder what that says about me.
on the game you say? How much per hour?
I wanna go skydiving
As responsible SEOs and web developers, we can never forget Technical SEO practices as content marketing grows!
The season finale of Parks and Rec just made me cry like a bébé.
Do you mean mind state? Surely you have good energy given physique and diet. The extra daily activity makes me play better.
We have all sides of the #gaymarriage issue covered , the news starts now!!
shout out to our sponsors including
Getting drunk of Coppola wine. Each bottle is filtered through celluloid from the Godfather right? If not it should be.
To all #goldrush #thinkgolditsfriday followers be prepared, I should have something fun 4 everyone in the near future to continue the rush.
precisely... he is very Tebowesque.
There's a REASON I use Bucky Katt for my avatar.
You sure are a tweeter tonight!
Mazzetti,said it was the most secret mission in US history. Ever heard of The Manhattan Project you FOOL!
Storytelling for Fun * Cultural Literacy * Peace and Conflict Resolution * Recovery and Empowerment * Business and Personal Voice Services
Oh trust me....we're pretty freaking excited about it!
Wisdom begins in wonder. -Socrates"
ha! I'd get in trouble if I made it Mothers Day Weekend. I only get tomorrow. ;)
Awesome new web series coming this fall. Voting for the lead actresses starts next week!
I’m Not Really Feeling Myself Today…Oh Was That Your Leg? Jeez..Sorry..
FPI didn't have enough money to buy the tickets , so theyh banned lady gaga :p Poor FPI
Congratulations, job well done!
Hope everyone has a better prom than I did!
Im gunna wear my new batman bra tomorrow fuck yeah bitches u jelous good :-)
yess i am
oh he won't sweet pea 🍆
If the Lakers lose and the Clippers win, I WILL MOVE!!! (to Miracle Mile. I was gonna move anyway)
i know stupid which is y i said GOODNIGHT.LOL
Girl thick is good.!! You betta hush all dat noise up !
#ICanHonestlySay I have ALOT of work to do.
Broadway Bar this Friday!NO COVER!$1.00 Margaritas $2.00 shots!!Good music,pretty people,& it's FREE ladies 18+ welcome,$75 bottles b411pm!
can it be 3:00 yet? i wanna watch some golf 
RT": Watching a woman get ready for work in the morning is one of the most beautiful things in the world." Or most annoying
I have a toothache! :(
How well u play the Drums
U can thank my 8th grade choir teacher. #badsinger : I think I am in love.... Did u just sing the Notre Dame fight song?
500 tweets!! Woooot. Time to sleep!
Yea, can i help setup?
Just landed in Miami. Trip to Haiti changed our lives. Met little John Diego who turns two in March.
Greg Jackson gives a quick summary of legal updates to watch re: security, privacy, accessibility, & copyright
me either!:)
Do people still say 'sick'? As in, 'wow, that is very exemplary'? Because I'm pretty sure it never actually caught on in the first place.
Good luck! Cannot wait to see what SAMCRO is up to now.
Good morning!
Hey, thanks for the praise! We try our best. Glad you enjoyed it.
#thingsthedevilinvented lace fronts
I got 1,980,860 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. Beat that!
Check out ! they have the BEST House music selection and coolest Clothes!
i cant!!! My goal is to touch her haha. Did ya c lee clark got sacked?? Crazy eh?
I'm Cold And I Have No Headphones :(
And the few include one of my closest friends since middle school! The rest, i shall be glad to see them last time on May 31st!
Nice to meet you too!
Lovely, organic crosses in director Lori Raffel's blocking of this piece, too. ' Rebecca
I feel like I've swallowed so much of his stuff over the last 5 years that it all just came flying out.
Think this song will be huge, if ever gets released as a single. Big postive responses from pro&con Adam. From the snippets..
Congrats to for being selected this year's Indy 500 Pace Car Driver. Couldn't happen to a nicer person.
I Miss My Abuela... Well , At Least I Dont Have To Worry Bout Driving 3 Hours To See Her. Now, I Only Gota Drive Three Minutes Lbvs
Thanks, , for waking up at 5am to encourage me to workout, even though you're staying home today to play Diablo I. ;-)
In other news, Jason Bartlett is super dupe healthy. Can play any time. No injuries there. Super healthy.
don't think im a player girl cuz if i was i would've played your bitch ass along time ago hoe, im just speakin truth
Make It or Break It is going to be done soon! :(
Enrique iglesias should stick to slow songs like "hero" <3
well not if they're in foreclosure lol. that's bad!
That is the RIGHT attitude! RT : better b safe or i'm never watching #dwts again
I can't wait untuil the gemini lock in. Its time to get mah marvel vs capcom and dance dance revolution on.
Happy Birthday. I hope u have a blast.
The winner of the first ever #GuessJacksScore contest is DM me your information and we'll get a prize out to you right away!
Come down to our Center Street location for Pickup, or Call 414-372-7666 for Delivery Anywhere in MKE Co w/$20 order.
disabled texan , 2 time iraq war vet looking for help with my business venture. Think you could help?
"I get it"
is bring Fmr Pres Bill Clinton to #AmericanU Bender Arena on Friday! So happy to be an #AU student!
Osama Bin Laden Caught and Dead!
Merry Christmas
Shout out to Anthony and for an entertaining chat to get updates on my life as a #MaristAlumni :)
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou when he calls me beautiful out of no where.
Great information on hospital re-admissions; do you think ACOs will spur adoption of these solutions and more innovation?
you know i love your sexy horny bitchy ass!
i need to take this to heart... i worry and have anxiety WAY too much...
Two heads are better than one. The same is true with two hands are better than one.
I'm cautiously optimistic about my Info Technology midterm grade....
I'm going (and house managing) on Tuesday if you care to join.
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do. -Golda Meir
LOL XOXOX I need to see you!!
imagine if we were partying in manchester tonight...
Today is goin by SO fast .
- You Guys are fast! Thanks :)
Amazing premiere last night at the Hollywood Fringe Film! Our pilot opened for an amazing indie feature,
Helen is making pies. That is a god thing!!!
I'll admit I've never done that...
I had a private viewing of #Britten’s conducting scores in his house in 1983. So many marks! I loved peering into his mind
virginia with B was fun!
love the label but let me know how the wine is if you get a chance - thanks!
Yes. MT : Huge props to + volunteers for setting up and making it super affordable for all.
Presenting today on #wabashcollege rhetoric dept's revised public speaking course focusing on rhetoric, engagement & the
thank you! WE are big on eco-friendly moving
You eat an a$$? No *faints*
I am as original as it gets. Soccer...i meant Sokha..lol
Sunday night homework , joy .
Ginger looks like she has heart attack when she eats peanut butter
Dear Tapjoy, your forced ads on android are the most annoying and pathetic thing a game company can do.PS real dick move guys
Dropped a heavy can of whipped cream on my ankle and gave myself a fresh bruise on top of the old bruise from the cortisone shot last week.
the same pool? That's not how you raise money. In my exp. bus doesn't open the checkbook to all candidates.
hey hey everyone whats up i cant wait till tomorrow its our junior high homcoing@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
this refund better be fucking true!
oh shit I spaced them out. Are they free tonight?
WHO'S HUNGRY FOR HALF PRICED TACOS?! IT'S TACO TUESDAY!!
Aye William levy on dancing with the stars. Can't wait :))
I think #Maidrites are gross but I'm gonna give them another shot today for lunch
Tweeting today from #ikids conference at Or is it #kidscreen?
About to try hot yoga for the first time. Apparently I'll really love it or totally hate it.
Loving my week of services
I GOT IT, I GOT IT, SO SO SO HAPPPYYYYYYYYYY,
Two days into it I'm LOVING my power meter! Thanks for making 155mm cranks!
Nap time 💤
I'm watching big time songwriters and you singing to Logan made my night. It really did. Thank you zoo much for making my night
hello big head
RT BreakingLDN: I really wish there was a "favorite all" button for tweets... Cos I need it for
are you following my invisible shooting schedule? lol
MLB All-Star game tix went on sale today, you going?
Ouch... Definitely not looking forward to spring
Thank you for joining us for lunch today ! What did you try from the prix-fixe menu?
Your problem is never really your problem, your reaction to your problem is your problem.
Yea the remake sucks. Like that Miser brothers Christmas. That sucked!!
"Zuckerberg's hoodie rankles Wall Street" #yahoonews He's a BILLIONAIRE! He can wear his a$$ on his head!
Self promotion is a must. #crispinrocks...if I don't so it who will? #simplyopaque #KeiraHenninger #
you know you have a cold when your nose is running like Usain Bolt. I made this up by myself:D
Not sure which sucks more. My school year class schedule or my summer time sleep schedule.
Well there goes that idea. Can't sell my tickets on :/
Looking forward to dinner with my #Aruba rep.
Twitter buzz for Olive Garden: - RT Olive garden yumm wish was here for her discount lmao
Its bamboo banga, what what?
HAHAHA nice job.
Come on by the Cornelia St. Cafe (NYC) tonight. Abbasi/Hebert/Takeishi trio playing new & old tunes and some Monk!
Do you know if they got our logo in the video? RT : Went great!! Thank YOU!! --> RT : haha, how did it go??
officially real life friends. E-friends no longer.
"Post-Hipsterism as Cultural Practice"
And just like that, tickets are gone. Thanks to all for making this year's event another sell out! See you tomorrow!
RT : Taste, practical considerations, & familiarity almost always enter into it, to name just a few factors off the top of my head.
Just tried to send you a DM. But not working. Did you follow?
Hey do a story on our bed bugs!
I am INCAPABLE of taking a single day off!! Headed to MI to shoot some footage tomorrow with the homies.
Watching the dancers kill it on the dance floor tonight at #dmdcawards was so fun! What a talented, positive company.
Three Daay weekend
Ah yes. Yesterday she accepted my request of friendship.
Up early ready 4 these Houston Texans 2 do work...
don't listen to him it's a trap!
Due to Dad's little disaster in Jamaica, I'm maintaining his email. Shocked at the things I am seeing.
I haven't really enjoyed it the last 2 years or so. Before that it was excellent.
yoooooooooo where ya been
"New Orleans has just three types of dining experiences: fine, finer, and finest" - A travel guide in my library
": Reading my tweets is probably the best way to understand me, before you really understand me in depth #Afro"
From all of us at Print1Media, we wish all of you a wonderful holiday!!
#LastTimeIChecked sandals were meant to be worn without socks...... if you do don't be surprised when people perceive you as a douche.
thanks for the support! Just trying to spread the Word! =D
Fun meeting you today too!
Our Annual Spring Benefit Sale is coming up Jun 4th, don't miss it.
Dropping knowledge
I once had a very tall coworker who liked to work standing up. Her laptop was placed on a shelf that was above my eye level.
Yeah, Vern got up first. But the second he did, right away reached for his glass to hit him with. Bitch Move.
tru. Hey ill b back in few gotta check in my system really quick and handle something.
Also, Ben bought the Lightships LP tonight. 3 songs in and I'm already completely and madly in love with it. Reminds me of Mojave 3 a bit.
gear icon > settings > filters > create new filter > fill out "from" section" > pick destination.
How far that little candle throws his beams. So shines a good deed in a weary world. - Shakespeare
Do you ever wish you could have a pizza with the impossible consistency of cheese they had in Ninja Turtles?
Kindling. Paper airplane armada. Earthquake kit toilet paper.
The more shoutouts we receive tonight. The better chance you will have to receive free merchandise. Shout us out. And RETWEET and FOLLOW.
excited about the Robert Shepard film this Friday!
. What was the lie? If you wanted to seem cool, I hope you said you don't even know what twitter is!
Another reason I'm glad I'm not on Facebook.
I Heard that diva...I m confused until Rodgers makes some moves and they get into a positive groove.
#CoSign!!! Good way to live by!!!
“I write only because there is a voice within me that will not be still” - Sylvia Plath
THE BEST WAY TO GET ATTENTION FROM SOMEONE IS TO STOP PAYING THEM ATTENTION... ;-}
I heard kellz set it up an flockaaa u hit
Of course I'm still playing. Starts my day. You?
: HAHA. It's Tuesday? Duh. That snow day threw my week off.
I loved that Stryper album, To Hell With Fred Phelps.
'bout to hit the road for a Wausau gig with in the middle of a snow storm...we are some smart gentlemen.
thanks gawd you didn't put my whole phone number on blast! #whew!
I really wanna meet this year <3
no doubt
why don't you just see who it is.? It's prob who ever you live with.!!!!
Did Tim just compare his wedding to a burial? Run!
The system mirrors the way the album looks NOW and if they have removed the book it will not stay on your computer!
Many guests recall a personal story of connections that they've made with this Benson cafe.
I wish the PM would find this guy guilty already and come back, because I am getting no work done doing his job and mine.
Just wrapped up the Product Spotlight at CAMEX ... had some great conversations!
At least I can count on the Sixers to choke
#areyoureallystill wearing a curl bag on your head.... MAN I LOVE THE SOUTH
Happy Friday to a few of my fav bloggers #FF cont'
Merry christmas (:
Can't wait to try out Ping!!
yeah that's right, i follow content management systems on twitter. what!
Another couch-surfing cross-over. I almost cried.
Buy ZION and STI
i'm bored as hell but at least i'm off for the day
Good Morning Starshine, the Earth says hello.
nope! get that guy out
We're at #ASTD2012 next week! Bob and Becky are presenting M, T and W. We're also in booth 809. Come say hi!
LOL. That's silly. Everyone knows black people are on lower scale of income. Poverty creates crime, ergo.....
Equal Time trumpeter Forbes Graham heartily endorses Basmati rice
*changes into large t-shirt and crawls into bed after putting Lord Of The Rings on the tv*
the worst are knicks fans, who think their tm is getting better. Capped out, untradeable pieces and incompatible.
i got gas for $3.19 last night, the swamp people were having a party
Told my nephews about the true color of the sun, white. I may as well have said Santa isn't real.
Wanna get down on 5/5, otherwise known as Cinco De Mayo? Come to see Big Eyed Phish. If you're a Dave Matthews Band fan, get on this!
thank you girl :)
Broke my leg while training for a half marathon :( Walked on it for 2 weeks before I found out it was broken!
Did you know 65% of all statistics are made up? Statistics are tools and are only as effective as the hands the are in
dammit I spelled with an E and autocorrect has it like a chic name. Love you, miss you!
everyone keeps saying that..I need to call my carrier. I thought you were just busy..but you didnt get it.
gay van* idk try to talk him into going it's such a nice day and I'm making a spear as we speak
The #LFP building is crazy. Everything is gold. Larry Flynt knows how to do it like a #Baller True
Anybody else loosing their lotto virginity today? I'm going to buy my very first ticket today.
If you make it be sure to stop by the REDD booths!
Did Zach Randolph bump the ref???? lol
totally w/ ya on that. My car got shot in MKE. I bondo'd it, sanded it down and spray painted it. Too broke for the real fix.
so excited to have 's support for If you're not following ,check out their AMAZING mentoring program!
already did(:
just stay home and study for your test… you know they gonna lose.
Small jazz labels are not the enemy. There are people who invest money courageously into music that has limited mass appeal.
there you go...
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Creative without strategy is called 'art'. Creative with strategy is called 'advertising'. — Jef I. Richards
lol i know crazy so many people after it,,
#School im so tired :/
Travelers report great healthcare services in Europe. The pharmacies can prescribe 4 most needs, and they speak English.
big Fan of Nas
I must say that working with the Korean and Ethiopian cultures of Los Angeles has been amazing!!
Crazy birds in texas
I'm not ashamed of being a System of a Down fan.
I can already tell this is going to be a crappy week
Martin Mayhew is on FIRE! Good to see the turnaround and not wasting draft picks like the last regime. A++ Draft so far!
really? I'm sitting next to you. Bahaha.
#thegaylife gotta love it(:
I'm not the demographic for that #chevy spot... Not a fan of reckless stupid extreme activities in a car
The largest Publisher of printed material is - US Government. No surprise when you think about our country's bureaucratic nature.
This CAN'T happen again!!!!!
We can't wait to hear your new songs! We love up and coming artists!
Early adopters lose again. Going to get my iPhone on June 19 for $99.
Bloodycheckers is not a checkers game ?
I love how you patient with me babe.
Yup. We're like cockroaches.
need some brah run good again.
t-shirts be selling!
we're just taking over the world... #nobigdeal #1Directioners :)
Man, guys are rude AF.
Come on down to Liberty (formerly Zucotti) Park! We're playing some great films!
Congresswoman Diana DeGette will answer your questions next week. What would you like to her to talk about?
we loved having u back 2 back Sundays in our lil' hub....what an HONOR!! U guys kill it ... Bee Oh Emm Bee
Don't get much better than Brees
This is the most sick I've been in a long time. Lying down watching Iron Man. :(
Jim, I have 2000 people waiting for this... How hot will Washington D.C. be for Memorial Day weekend?
Booked a First Act Music Company Commercial for this week!
2day is the LAST CHANCE 2 get their prom gown! 4-9pm Crystal Weddings&Banquets in DE! email for deets!
RT : I hope somebody walks into the Lakers locker room and slaps the dog shit out of Gasol.
marry Christmas ms. Collins
"Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach."
Rod Stewart had the #1 song on this day in 1971 with Maggie May. I love all of his music.
Read you play Chicago all the time - definitely come again soon, and let me know when! Thnx for following me, btw...
the new site looks great
ahaha I have it here on my iPod. :) it's all good!
The is coming to your inbox full of Live Music & Weekly Ticket Giveaways! Send an email to to sign up!
#saito austere. Lots of text. Assume it's readable on the poster.
"The more love you have for God, the less fear you'll have for everything else."
Egypt pretty much passed a law that said you can have sex with your dead wife's body for up to 6 days. Its weird
Sean Murphy also describes the i2b2 hive protocol as RESTful, when it's more XMLRPC-like. Sigh.
also was at hardrock. ended up at opium and passions, crazzy night lol
Can i Get a AMEN!
Damn gon be late
Thank You for the mention!
Hajaksiangabakdkff RT : I wonder how mental is during this OT lol
thanks:) we would really appreciate it if you could get your friends to check us out also:)
what time?
do we have a game this friday?
SAVE THE BULLSHIT FOR THE BIRDS
Lebron James. KG. D Rose. Danny Granger. Tony Allen. Matt Barnes. Lol
I am sure we will hear her name in a few minutes lol
replica guns The Incredible Airsoft Automatic Electric Gun Part I ;O
u welcome :))
for real! I don't want to practice! lol I changed my twitter name
It's curious how when girls say bye on the phone they elongate the "yyyyyyye". As a girl, I must, otherwise others think I'm upset w/ them.
RT Walker leads Barrett 50% to 44% among likely voters, says MU Law School Poll. It was Walker 48-47 two weeks ago.
Are you all live-streaming the #DontMessWithTXWomen rally by any chance?
That picture is awesome!
nothing crappier than having to turn down a really good job.
I couldn't agree more - somethings got to give.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
the Tuscan Guac! I wasn't OVERLY impressed with any 1 taco but the fish taco was pretty tasty cc:
Off work!!! Waiting for my ride... -.- hmu!
haha thanks! I don't worry too much. They'll get it done.....hopefully :)
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned. -Struther Burt
I love you.❤
I think I just got hit on. Good thing I'm wearing my bitch sunglasses.
Makin New Hits
This was always my secret trick in grad school to deal with the person who called up for the number for a pizza place on Neil.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! You have the toughest job of all <3
whaat. i love him.
That really is an excellent point!
Big day of shooting today with the best crew out there. 8 hours all crammed into one sweaty car!
I have never met so many sensitive men in all my years of living. Do I need to give you my balls? Man up!
#LetsGetSweaty RT : I can't wait to workout together
#brotips to cold for cutoffs
In 24 hours I'll be on a plane to #Vegas!!! Who!!!
GOOD MORROW Lady Kiley.. Hope thy Slumber Twas a great one ...
are there pics of that?
Hey ! We're doing a Re-do Your (old, stinky) Shoe craft night with + - any chance of some free samples?
Twitter miss me? i think so (:
Judge Victoria A. Graffeo simplified things writing, "The purposeful viewing of child pornography on the internet is now legal in New York."
nah, we're jut both astute natitude observers
If it wasn't for my zero black I could sleep until 7:40
Spur of the moment. We actually went buying
You know that blank wall in your place? I can help you fix that ....
Goat, chopper, spring, Caesar, Mediterranean. Which salad will you choose? All are ½ off today
Check out for adults writing about their experiences and visions for change.
Up and atom!!!!
I'm just trying to stay humble
what is it like being as famous as you are ?
he's doing local car dealership commercials for money, 600k is a lot in that sense lol
Blowin tree headed to
Seeing yourself the way GOD sees you leads to a life of overwhelming victory!#winning!!!
Sure he does. Hurts you a lot doesn't he? Can you honestly tell me he's never hurt you?
Happy Memorial Day. Have a safe holiday weekend!
lmao the ducks are everywhere! I was gonna take a picture but then it was staring at me so I decided not to lol
Hey! Sorry out took so long to respond. How are you?
dm me, i have something to tell you.
KD has won exactly 1 more playoff series than Oden and has been to the playoffs 1 less time than the Blazers.
I LOVE MASSAGES
jealousy isnt cute
yes I did. Been tweeting about it!! Great. Go see it. Think Depps make up is over done. Could be a bit darker. Not a spoof.
I BEEN THINKIN BOUT YOU.
Lazatin thanks Aquino for Disneyland study
Gameplay programmers looking for a change? Ping me if you're interested in working for arguably the highest rated studio in the country. zw…
Temporal patterns of happiness and information in a Global social network.
I'm going to make so many wishes tomorrow!!!!
Chiggers are included on your list of top 5 hygiene concerns.
Yes we do! Perfect balance of sweet and spicy! Always fun trying something new.
#Rubio just took it over! What, what! RT : Turner broke a World Record for 14 made shots behind backboard in 60 seconds!
I have the 1857. Pre dates commercial baking powder. Recipes for breads and biscuits are interesting!
"this isn't how we taste" - swedish fish
I love it! It was actually a client, her boyfriend and their dog but YOU WIN 2 Cupcakes for a great guess!
RT “: Travelling to Italy? Irving Stone: The Agony and the Ecstasy: A Biographical Novel of Michelangelo”
Marking a smoothie with fresh strawberries to power up for a high-energy hike at Schenley Park this evening.
It's almost Friday!!! You work hard all week long, reward yourself this weekend with your favorite flavor of Stinky Gringo Margarita!
