Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success..
playing minecraft with (:
Nice to officially meet you today!
No not at all. :( What's wrong hun? *hugs*
Yeah me too. I'm gonna transfer a couple of toons myself
damn thats serious numbers man. Planning a trip are u?
St pattys has started.
I ate so good at the chicken spot, my son is knocked out.
no repair needed, (im good)
Up over 24 hrs straight for third time in as many weeks trying to sppt projects, levy breaking with so few resources,
Clown House Ent. Presents Cash Clown's Planet Moolah Mixtape Coming Soon
Noone can be anywhere as cool as my bestfriend
you are lucky!!!
QoTD: "He who angers you, controls you." (Unknown)
Calling all nerds! An entire Smithsonian line-up @ the Apr 26 ThirstDC event! Starfish, politix, mars, cheetah sex + more!
Note to self: do not forget to eat when celebrating 's bday. And next year wear a helmet.
RT : Happy #nationalteachersday to all the wonderful educators out there! Thank you for all you do.
Back ti school for spring semester.. nice!!!! let me get in my grove
<== Having a GREAT time with my Baby!!! About to head out for some Chinese! #LGBT ♥
ahah good and you're welcome
LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO... design an all html5 e-commerce site for me full of #threejs effects and put it on Shopify... for a modest budget?
I FEEL LIKE CUTTING ABITCH RN
it really is amazing, how can anyone justify being able to look that sick fuck in the eyes after knowing what he did to those kids
You keep spoiling us! Thank you!!
u gotta take the good w the bad... & it will get bad... dont let it kill ya spirit tho..
Hahaa yeea, but It'd be even more great if people liked me for who I am (; ^^
Congratulations to Doug Walter in section 214! He is the winner of the seat upgrade, thanks to all those who entered!
Does anyone else get really excited about an exhibition or program only to realize that it's at a museum several states or continents away?
Off to Texas for 's #WinterMeetings!
OK no more stalling... going for a run.
Less than a month till #cityandcolour 🎶🎵🎶
Nice Wakefield tribute. Such a special & important season for the Sox this year. Would be nice if they were actually playing good baseball.
but if I was skinny boy yo boy would get polos errday my guy it cost to high in my size
I'd like to butt in and agree with everything is saying. Yes to video. Yest to student workers.
Iced Americano from #Starbucks is perfection
Father, paint me the earth on my body. - Sioux chant.
Hey thanks, be sure to check out more stuff coming soon
Oh no, you ruined my image of you now. I thought it was your baby picture.
what you guys just did to Muhammad Ali was disgusting. Your owner is a first class asshole and the stadium looks like shit.
Fab Design Tip: Spend more money on the pieces of furniture that you want to last longer. - Sofa, dining room table, etc.
Must be. I think I'm changing my strategy next year. :)
After that front nine, I thought he had it! RT : Well, so much for that..
I figured twitter needed me back
"I've decided to give up wearing powdered wigs and tricorn hats for Lent." Well Bummer. I was going to START wearing them ;0)
hopefully at least 9mi
Just emailed EE that I fell in friendlove with you in Iowa! You going to be in Champaign end of May? Want to hoop it up?
It's gonna be a long but exciting first two weeks of March so I'm resting these last few days of Feb. CIAAs and Hawaii back to back!
To break free of a negative thought, begin by becoming a watcher of your thoughts. (via #marthabeck)
Welcome dinner and opening session at Macondo nicely intimate--able to learn everyone's names. Volunteers are great, as usual.
word up! preach on sista
Didn't have to use my AK, I gotta say it was a good day.
If you haven't been to Scottsville Farmers Market - what are you waiting for? Get out of town for student move-in day and check us out!
Ok - is it still winter here in Madison, WI? What's with the #snow?! Seems like more like more than a dusting!
Guide To Clickbank - Earn Income Without Google Adsense
RT When u embrace pain and struggle it transforms into wisdom and success.
of course!
ATTENTION ALL MAHOMIES!! Austins pants now have a Twitter so go follow them... (:
Spent fuel rod disposal has always been one of my major concern about Nuclear energy.
#HELP Thinking of cities I should move to, which ones should I look up?
Good shit Pacers!
sounds good! where is it gonna be?
Breakfast & Dinner Together :) N.Y. Strip Steak & Eggs: two eggs any style, chorizo hash
you to how are you guys doing
I'm back baby
Tone of suggestions - what are your goals?
Don't forget about the Munchie Express tonight! We will deliver McDonald's, Taco Bell, Burger King, pretty much anything you want!
5? I think? Just winding down w/ #TrainSpotting on Netflix.
You are beautiful.
my sister Steph!
Good god you're coming up with reasons
The opening was fantastic. Thanks for asking! The show is up until April 1, stop by anytime.
I'm sending you to Cheeseburger Addicts Anonymous. Seriously.
Im getting there. Slowly, but surely.
RT : Bristol Palin is publishing a book about her life so far. What a great gift John McCain has given America: The Palins.
We at Texas Coastal Vacations wish you a Happy Easter!
At the nursing home with the gf to see grandma!!!
#floradiocity absolutely breathtaking
We like to think it does. Thanks for the shout out.
is it me? lol
cheking in at the Pitch Yourself into the Shark Tank - The Health 2.0 / Angel-VC Matchmaking Event in NYC
Ready for the sequel to Drive? Driven by James Sallis is out on April 3rd. He'll be signing books at Poisoned Pen Bookstore
it isn't and there's nowt wrong with that I have loads of spots too..
I know he is! hes sweet, loving, awesome, sexy, funny, etc. I could go on but i'll run out of characters.
Night everyone going off to bed super glad that I'm off tomorrow 
There is a new version coming out this week. Also working on fixing crashes when playing some videos.
ATTENTION MAHOMIES RETWEET THIS IF YOU LOVE AND SUPPORT
Really? Police hiding dissenting citizens from foreign dignitaries != police state? We disagree.
From list of voters you can see why films picked were dull-unpopular-lost 100mil-silent-Hwood insiders-foreign-NOBODY SAW
always good to see you always bringing the energy!
Someday when I finally have that nervous breakdown, they'll find me under my desk rocking & yelling "Siri, is it raining?"
At the end of the day, it's the kids who are at the heart of what I do. Their growth as students, as people, are contingent upon what I do.
good move zuck
It's only April but LORD knows I'm ready for some FOOTBALL. That's all I needed for today to be perfect.
Tay: smells like parmesean cheese,nata: by that u mean it smells like feet. tay:smells like fish in our apt, nata: close ur legs.
This Weds May 2 is Pint Night!! Featuring $5 Yards Saison pints!! You keep the glass plus other great giveaways!! Starting @ 5pm!
If you have Linux Administration experience, and live in Austin, get at me or email me your resume. Addy is on my site.
Today's Question: Which is the only U.S. state to produce coffee?
follow me your so talented and very beautiful :)
If it wasn't for Porn there would be a lot more crime occurring
hi there!! Thanks for the follow! Do you know anyone who'd be interested in our show? :) thnxs!
brilliant - I was expecting a big mad steak !
Good Mornin loves.
Embarcadero Technologies has launched the new CPU- and GPU-powered business application platform FireMonkey
If you're not active/exercising daily, you're missing out on a powerful mental clearing, body enhancing, life extending tool.
Shoutout to Danny Granger for showing up and shooting a stellar 1 for 10. Thanks... Captain.
So looking forward to seeing you do your thing Nicole. Thx!
More like "ai can be the ONLY dog who gets all of the attention!"
She didn't believe you are gay? Too funny!lol.
Wow Yaya Toure just keeps going, City shoulda had a couple more goals
Pretty soon lebron's headband is going to be vertical!
thanks guys! I love ya'll! :)
On the real i dont give a fuck about shit u think i care i dont
haha but isn't there a British version? Cause on some websites they have "American English" & "British English"
Ah, apparently it's the National Yule Log. #Nationalwhat?
“: Same here. RT : Can't wait for The Newsroom. I'm a Sorkin fanboy.” --> us too!!!
Karma is a bitch,but just make sure that bitch is beautiful
>>> my bad.. I was saying did you wanna work on this other track with me
Apple says the company's co-founder Steve Jobs had been battling pancreatic cancer.
Where my lakers fans?
Our silence can keep us isolated.
augh! My wallflowers tendencies fought my will to go and won--now my folly is revealed. Been thinking of you, monotreme!
If you wanna be a #Badger just come along with me!
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
its not that big of a deal people. guarntee if it was a school board members son or daughter they wouldnt think twice about it
hahaha BITCH I don't wish I KNOW!
calm down hun
finale * stupid phone changing what i type.
Well. This is it. Im changing. Im done making mistakes and Im done getting in trouble. Im sorry 2 anyone i upset. And btw. Im nvr having sex
What the hell is a "wuggle" a combination of a snuggie and a wiggle?????
Lunch-special favorite: sea bass served with sautéed spinach, sherry soy broth and sticky rice.
ABQ spots for fresh & local: Jennifer James 101, Slate St Cafe, Cafe Green, Winning Coffee, Flying Star (6 of 'em). Enjoy! :)
change ur profile name. future employers are watching, listening.
I should have enough for all. DM your shipping info and it's yours!
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity. -Joseph Addison
Annual Membership meeting: Kudos to the past, big dreams for the future.
Children should not be named till after they are born, nor titles determined on for books till after they are written. (1850)
PickUpLine: Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
^ Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk. Carl Jung
Im so sick of this phone
No, unfortunately not. It's a marketing position that will be much more exciting than my current one, so that's good.
Not sure what to do on this beautiful Sunday afternoon? Support your Commodores by coming to the Lacrosse game or the Baseball game today,
Nice meeting you
We also do Insurance Inspections, and Real Real Estate Inspections 305-232-3344 Starting from 50.00
Don't step out of one boat until your foot if firm in another
Right. But it still doesn't say what work it came from. Conversations with Eckermann? The Sorrows of Young Werther?
I just hope I cross your mind sometimes..
American Apparel and Polarn O Pyret.
Ugh wish the day was over
whoop their ass, seabass! {RT Someone mirrored a client site & is stealing traffic. wrong person to piss off 2day
just curious ...did you?
That's when I'll get an Ipod nano. I can just clip it on my shirt and do my thang. I don't need the Ipod touch.
I want some rice LOL atleast i had tocos last night >.<
And then pee on them!!!!!
Nothing says "goodnight aaron" like a whataburger chocolate shake
I am not growing one of those !! Sorry >:P
iPod mix just stopped on Color Me Badd. Where is my New Jack City DVD !
lol I thought the same! Going to have to look it up...
I wish there was a support group at Emory for newly minted PhDs, trying to process "What just happened?" simultaneously w/ "What's next?"
aww I was the same last year. Enjoy the finale!
DO YOU EVEN WATCH SPORTS?!?! youre hellen kellers black son
IT'S GONNA BE A LONG NIGHT :/
Congratulations to your son and the whole family!
Thomas a Kempis~ First keep the peace within yourself then you can also bring peace to others.
Im just hating tht im not in one. Whatever nigga.
As Portland leads...please follow indie Portland celeb and native Just good stuff. I'm off to surgery and he's an actual pdxr
California, San Diego wants changes to corrupt system here too! We support you!
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
loves vref at the moment. terrific customers today!
RT Congrats to of UMass-Boston for earning #highered tenure and promotion! >Thanks ASHE!
gotta feelin ima start usin da phrase itz ova 4 u a whole lot more.mfs wanna b stingy but wen i do it back dey feel like i did em wrong
it's pathetic,it's stupid and it's bullshit
Teaching "Social Media Marketing for Business" tomorrow in Independence, OH with The Next Level Workshop tomorrow. It's going to be great!
Thank you to everyone who attended the May Linking Indiana Professional Networking Event. did an amazing with "Blaze YOUR Brand".
Thanks for the re-tweets !
Cool. As long as you still have a cache of ninja stars it is all good.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
oh, red dot... =) I don't buy that one. Rock a feather, anyway =)
And the best math teacher ever!
#TalkToTony In “Our Next Moon Shot”, CTE and STEAM education was discussed. How are CTE programs being supported?
Our own Downtown TV Studio is almost up and running for anytime TV interviews. Will shout you out when we start inviting local celebs in.
Xtra DWI patrols in the metro, Call a cab, get a ride, or at least drive carefully and take the side streets Full moon tonight Beer no Shots
i hate wen ppl tlk n tlk n let the blunt burn ! Stfu n pass it.u f*n up my mood.
Shakespeare In Love: Judi Dench said she had to wear such high heels for this film that director John Madden nicknamed her "Tudor Spice."
Big $ opportunity here in the Juve. I'm Ragging on Union Rags and taking the 3/6/8 $10 ex box and $5 tri box Crusade/Prospective/Speightcity
Altavista family receiving support from around the world for injured soldier - WDBJ7
I need this to kickstart me b4 work lol
Marion barber is such a #scrub. single handedly lost the bears the game
DISA is doing amazing things w mobile devices
Fixing to get my stuff organized in our new place. I don't much care for being home by myself tho... i miss my family.
Looking forward to the tasty food sponsored by & cooked up by . I hear there is bacon involved!
Is that fuchsia?? Lol
RT Tonight I'm just gonna get hella high and do hella homework. <<<< me too child minus the homework....
If you put a small value upon yourself, rest assured the world will not raise your price.
I know same here and my world geo test. My teacher didn't teach us half of the stuff on the review sheet. Blah
Wtf twitter keeps unfollowing people! PEOPLE I CARE ABOUT like Liz,Matt, and Eric
wow! This is a dynamic duo! thank you friends!
That awkward moment when you don't eat something because you know how much exercise is needed to burn it off...
SOME PEOPLE ARE BORN CROSS ARTIST!!
My mom is being straight up annoying right now.
Congratulation to #BSM #Hockey MN State HS Champs! Way to go boys!
But yea, stupid Bangla shows like that annoy me.
"The Fried chicken is amazing." - thx, Laura Mitchell Allen!
#OChi #NATO #m17 #CANG8 #IL Inga Holder from Germany speaks out against ongoing U.S. Military presence and U.S. European missiles.
Hey hey hey lol, thanks for ALL the #cool #Shouties you sent to me Mr. T xD ~~~~rich
BEAUTY TIP: Dry shampoo can make your style work an extra day, check them out!
Few historians seem interested (so far) in assigning e-textbooks or other e-resources. Why is that?
I'm working on the saving part. Thanks!!
Tequila may kill ya, and whiskey may make ya frisky... just dont act dumb with a lil rum
that is one gutsy name. But easier to say after a few glasses I bet.
Finally settled in to watch second half of the Laker game. LET'S GO LAKERS!
Ok haters, it's bout that time y'all tell me burn in heaven
ahh yes that looks exceptionally intense haha
it's rough out here
wished you lived closer/:
A shout out to my band who worked it until we almost dropped!
all credits cards accepted :)
Your coaching me on speech intro has changed my business, thanks
No one remembers the cover band.
#apple loses another #iPhone Prototype
Is amazing.
What you focus on with your thought and feeling is what you attract into your experience.
what time you coming out on channel 52 telemundo in los angeles ?
cute couple love them
Staffing a dance. Loudest sing-a-longs ever to "Call Me Maybe" and "What Makes You Beautiful." I love my job.
ok ill dm u
Showers are the only thing that wakes me up
At the DMV for 2 hours now!
I must be time to get back to a Tweetup now. Sounds fun.
whatever you say babe, listen to that song now :p
All your tweets say my name :)
Question about extending this design approach beyond the school. Need to deconstruct "school." INSA a good example
LMAO. I've seen this. RT : #HoodPeopleTendencies clapping their hands while arguing.
WOO! LET'S GET DRUNK!
Save the Date: 10.20.2011 DesignMatters featuring Steven Frykholm, Creative Director for Herman Miller
went to the gym today for the first time in months- thought i'd say hello before i'm too sore to move.
Your welcome.
I went to a certain hair salon in NYC...they charge $750 for a run of the mill sew in weave. Ridic.
why can't i have normal noncommercial followerers? am i that boring????
People in my school; 1% people I actually like. 99% people I wanna throw a porcupine at.
I hope that you are doing ok
Today needs to get better.
FYI - Double D just killed it on Dancing With The Stars.
Haha, I haven't stopped any.
French Roast at Starbucks #
you too!
He knows I'm dedicated I'll go to war for his attention ;)
After 1960 Belgium stopped talking about colonization, the generational change has allowed for discussion
Dammit ! You brag about reducing your footprint and yet your barristas still default to TWO cups and a lid for just one drink!
Sea Dogs 1-0 on the homestand looking to surge their way to a glorious third place finish in the eastern leage east! Only seven left.
“: the kybalion says love and hate are two different poles of the exact same emotion.” <-- learned something new.
Carlos Rodgers you need to do way better next half
You looked so different ! Ive looked the samd since i was 5. Haha thats why !
I can neither confirm or deny my involvement.
Let's get it ! Ball out. Much love guys
We have a video shoot with Dine 4 AZ today! We want to know, what are YOUR favorite Bill Johnson's dishes???
If I Had A Dime For Every Time You Were Faithful,I'd Be Broke...
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW !
Just came out of the doc now off to get breakfeast
robustness is the enemy of transparency.
When you call someone and they don't answer, but then they reply with a text because they don't feel like answering.
hallo my darling hehehe...
People: paying attention to red flags is a must. So stay alert out there because this might save you a lot of hassle. :)
Good morning,hope everyone has a pleasant day.
im a senior! i think your the most beautiful girl in the world:)
You can't eat happiness, Betty Draper. Although the ready whip can was the right place to look for it.
I'm in sails by the women's bathroom. I'm wearing a white shirt
I feel the Holy Ghost!!!! Thank GOD 4 JESUS!!!!
Trying to figure out how best to archive film for use in exhibits, timelines, as i-pod objects, and/or streaming media to promote dialogue.
I love Quizlet & so do my 8th graders!
Brb my tablet bout to die
Wife told my four year old to come downstairs to tell me "gay john mayer is coming on Ellen" BITCH! I love john Mayer. No shame...
I love bed. I love pillow... Don't want to leave them...
now people are going to say it, just to annoy you.
- I think a lot of people bought S&F for "Santa Monica", but I can't imagine many people like the record as much as I do. :)
#brandontap21 bumping, grinding, and wiping sweat in chicago hob(:
& you're gnna pick me up everyday lol jk.
No worries ! I am happy send you an #FormulaHH event care package since you won't be able to make it - DM me ure address :)
Best case scenario, Luck &RGIII have 15 years of productivity ahead of them, best case the #Browns get 15 years COMBINED from Trent/Weeden.
Good Morning Cafe Bella Coffee fans! We already had a visitor that saw us at the 2012 Southwest Chocolate and Coffee Fest! Awesome.
We're here in DC for the Engaging Adolescent Males in Teen Pregnancy Prevention Forum. Follow #TPPBoys for updates!
A 3 year old boy was shot in the head while inside his Minneapolis home last night. Police need help to find the shooter.
Not receiving the respect. courtesy or ice cream you "deserve" may not be a plot to deman you. They may be as busy and tired as you are.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. ~ Albert Einstein
Attending Harnessing the Power of Social Media at #lpco12 facilitated by &
u r so breathe taking beautiful
For my birthday I wanted a Justin Bieber cake. It pains me that I didn't get one.
I still want to go to SXSWi once even though everybody is starting to jump off bandwagon.
“You are not what you think you are; but what you think, you are.” - Norman Vincent Peale
Cooling with working on new projects for 2012 ... Shout out to , let's make it happen
Hey metro, what's going on with the 42 bus going in the direction of Mt. Pleasant. It's been 25 minutes. @ Conn & Don't Cir
"Only bad witches are ugly." - Glenda was quite full of herself.
Arrivederci, Roma. On for a day trip to Siena, en route to Florence.
Edwards? So that we'd be in the middle of an adultery impeachment AGAIN? Sigh.
GO FOLLOW MY GIRL !!!
Right. As great as 4,5,6% growth rates are for Africa, does not mean growth is inclusive, nor improvement in social moibiliy
How about doing your own podcast??
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE to all! ;) Remember, it's ALL about Christ, seeing isn't believing....believing is seeing
HE IS HANDSOME EVER WORD
I'm waiting on the food.to finish
Finding #3: don't be negative about donations of stuff. Be positive when promoting cash giving
#cam23 Woah, not so much. There are many comparison charts around, none of them are fully up to date.
Happy birthday
Just look for the HUGE zit on Johnjay's forehead...you'll find him!!
Introduced to moon shine
just listened to 174 dude get some acupuncture for your back.
I completely agree!
#MUSICNEWS Beyonce shares family photos on new fan website
hey!!! How are you?
out of the mouths of children, right? lol!
If you're not willing to sacrifice...you might as well not even try.
The mysterious hole is not meant for abuse or misuse...
Your bass shouldn't hang so low that you can't play it.
this is my question :) who is your best friend of all time? please answer! x
Christmas is all about depressing songs and stories! ;p
great question
The best country album you've never heard? Russ Taff's "Winds of Change".
does fox have an ego yet? Haha
i agree with you on that, i am seeing it all on tv and nyc looks like a ghost town
#20factsaboutme 4) I'm scared of what the future has in store for me...
Thanks for the follow, Ashley! I look forward to sharing.
Damn dude. For real Rob. Grow up man. U think ur funny but it's just immature as hell
Agree! RT : @ #SMSS workshop. Just finished introducing myself to everyone in the session. Wow! What a variety of attendees.
I hope people check their facebook in time lol
[C'mon here!] RT “: #FAMUcommandments thou shall NEVER allow a non-Famuan to talk about FAMU!”
again with the epic win to the #Maddow graphics department. I love when I look at the screen and bust out laughing
Sometimes I wonder if referees purposely make bad calls Because of favoritism...or if They legit can't see.
tell. Gabby to call me ...
I was kidnapped by terrorists and they only just let me go, so I didn't have time to do it.
....but that's crazy
ha! Yup, I had to cold turkey, but it's there, waiting for any downtime...
Someone threw beads at our truck engineer. It's going to be a long night.
oh and i went on a liking spree on your facebook, sorry about that ;) x
oh man! I would have loved to see you!
GAME DAY!!!
YES SIR LETS DO THAT I NEED FACEBOOK NAMES INSTAGRAM NAMES ALL DAT
Mane dis hispanic chic got a big ashh booty done here Fridays
who will be more hated in ohio, lebron or terrelle pryor?
I need to rest anyway.
“: Sorry! Can't hold it in. Gotta same something about Tebow on Religion RIGHT NOW.” did some ask u for ur criticizing words?
off to bed early, thankyouAmbien, adoo
Thank you!
you are the man. I am very happy with your performance thus far this season. Keep it up 21!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe taste in foods
Headed to New Orleans for the weekend. In lieu of alcohol, I will consume my weight in beignets.
A Guy Should Always Make Their Move.
Sounds like they r using a different kind of tear gas on the protestors in Tehran, from the victim reports. Ppl in comas, extreme fatigue
thank you for supporting planned parenthood!
Idk why people crave fame.I can't think of anything I'd want less.Give me the simple life. Fam. Friends. Kids. Love. Food & a roof overhead.
2 returns from 1 sale; total # down by one. Have a feeling its going to take longer then I thought to get to triple digits.
No problem ;-)
At least it is only coming out of your nose.
“: Daric Barton has done nothing to prove he's an MLB 1B why do the A's still let him play?” couldn't agree more BB!
Don't hold back the desire to give your children hugs & kisses- regardless of how old they are, or how many times you’ve already done it.
Goethe said, "The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation." #TeachersEdNat We're doing our part for the country & globe.
I need suggestions of fun places to work... I'm expanding my search!
Your welcome! :)
Ha, this is so something I'd say! Love Christmas!
Have you signed up for yet? If you're running Android or iOS sign up now for free to start earning your rewards!
Some Black people on the journey to become Buddhists open doors and still see white people. A Buddhist sees an empty room.- Ethelbert Miller
Omg i cut myself!
I am
Natasha from England. Watching Sheamus vs Danielson at the moment, and keeping fingers crossed for NEW iwgp jr Champ!!
ABV of 6.6 is pretty hefty - most beers around 3-5 percent (I think).
#wheniwas14 I was dreaming about BoB <3
Weekend is full. Hope I can squeeze some pool time in.
I Cried When I Read "99 Days Without You." </3
I thought I saw u dancing w/one of my girls this wknd. Lol. I guess not!
breathe. breathe. breathe.
thank you for the post!
oh I'm like 5 more sections up !
Thank you for posting the names of the award winners as they are named!
Just because you said you’re sorry doesn’t erase the fact that it happened.
Decisions...decisions...sometimes I wish I was still a kid
what you think of bruno mars winning
In the Canby area? Come by Raceway Car wash @ 851 SW 1st St. (Hwy 99 between Taco Bell & Burgerville!) All new GREEN products now used!
Young Tattoo Rage Part 1 - Yahoo! Singapore News
U know yu wanna hear some Marc. Just click play.
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate texting. I Never do it.
barely! What's going on yo!
#IKnowWhyYouMad , because I'm not fake . Realer &'better than you' , not cocky . Classy biotttchhh .
Good morning !
Todays cake is Marvelous Amaretto Marbled Cake. Happy hour anyone? WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
What to expect this Wednesday night
Headiesburg can I get some fun activities goin down tonight?
I met you in 1979 at Science Fantasy bookstore in Cambridge. We were trapped inside by a raging thunderstorm. I asked for a book...
If #France elects a #Socialist, our two nations will have that in common. RT
I like being spoiled that way.
did u see our #cxcw vid???
That too! I would've spent so much money and if my mom paid I would've felt bad. I don't regret it, I'm sick anyways :(
Come down to Andaluz and check out the fab new jewelry, awesome fashions by Gentle Fawn, and of course, great gifts like the meatopia puzzle
senior nights?
In a 66 game season, the #Bobcats finish an incredible 43 games behind the #Bulls. 43!! Incredible.
Coming up on the , We're talking about those controversial comments about stay-at-home moms! Interesting stuff!
Tonight's Boynton Beach Rec #soccer clinic has been canceled due to weather, however club training is still a go.
Skappleton MKE is happening all day ! Tickets available at the door. Come dance to the music of 15 bands in our gorgeous BFT!
'Manchester Choke' Barely Averted In Thrilling Fashion – City Wins First Title ...: Manchester City was about to lose (or at the very...
I don't know if you heard but they say that ladygaga will be on the next kill bill vol 3. I want uma thuman to play it.
In case you were wondering, that's not a fireplace in Virtual DeMaio's lush office. It's a portal to Hell--or what DeMaio calls "home base."
Thanks for the RT. Hope life is good bud. Keep killing it on the field!
Today is my official first day with ! On my way to Austin and super excited to begin this part of the next chapter in my life.
Thank you! RT : Best wishes to the in the playoffs Friday!
Hell ya!! is going to be in #Indy for the !
Dog feeling better. Phew.
10 people away from 800 followers! Retweet this and youre awesome :D
Got my goodnight call❤💙💚! He calls me before he handles his bizz! I love my right hand
I don't regret the choices in my life, I regret time wasted on unworthy people
let me guess the girl that you like is ! It's soo obvious, even I saw that coming! (:
THANKS for the fabulous new Twitter BACKGROUND!
Patience with others is Love, patience with self is Hope, patience with God is Faith.
Finally after a week of waiting .. MCDONALD'S ! 😍❤💛🍔🍟🍦I think I just about got everything in the menu
Out of many, one.
Trust is like paper, once crumpled up, it can’t be perfect again.
It's a Monday, who isnt?
Thanks Jen. Means the world.
NO ONE EVER SAID THAT CHANGING THE WORLD WOULD BE EASY, BUT FACING RESISTANCE IN LIL HAITI HURTS MY SOUL
Why is it every time I glance at my Advance Review I catch something I want changed?
#Adobe 20% off sale ends this week on Thursday the 15th. Get your orders in ASAP!
Damn you, Beethoven.. I can't even write about writing about symphonies without talking about you.
no one knew why k had spearheaded the group.
Finally done with my hair about to lay it down tired
yes, great same is only in Madison. If you want a similar atmosphere, hit up Milwaukee Ale house in 3rd ward.
I was having fun too haha
I tried the #24hourEP, but I just couldn't make it. I've almost finished one track, and I could make it two if I 108 -> 128
At least Frank White was fun to listen too and knew what game he was watching and talking about! I can't stand these guys!
“With your help I can advance against a troop; with my God I can scale a wall” -Psalm 18:29
Happy birthday follow her for her special day rt
thanx so much : )
Ellen Degeneres is perfection.
So #BirckenstockUSA does not offer a lifetime guarantee. That's an urban myth. They informed me to pay to get my shoes resoled.
thanks for posting Chuck S01E11 HD | Henry Turner's Crystal Band -- Giving My Love Up To You
Stars Shining Right Above U...
Jealous of peeps on train trip to visit mmgarza. Have a drink & fill out a gov't form for me!
“: I need somebody to come cook something monumental while I watch this game tho...”
BORN IN FLORIDA WITH NEW YORK YANKEES IN MY BLOOD
not too bad. Just got back from running.
he is the BIGGEST pain.
This weather turns me into a ball of nerdy/cuddly mush. If you have whiskey & Star Wars, call me.
whoa relax theree
planet fitness starting monday :)
Who's your pick for the SuperBowl winner this weekend?
that Brady/Tebow joke you told this AM is a classic. And you're right, the "experts" aren't always right. Go Texans!
These are not regular mosquitoes!
join the party
Who watched #WeightoftheNation tonight? Tweet us if #yoga has given you tools to manage your weight.
Another hot night! 2-1 +28 units 5-1 +123 units last two nights Email me for details ()
Thanks so much for the follow :-)
Like a left hook! lol imma inbox you! Do you mind?
Braun w hits to both corners in the 5th inning! 6 run inning! Go !
Its Trey Hoe
There will be a day where I can see that the Criminal Minds with James Van Der Beek is on and not watch it. Today is not that day.
DM me your phone number!
thank's for the follow :3 u look good :333
Officially dead after all the Jack Daniels I consumed this wonderful weekend
I love my Coach sunglasses.
Absolutely Taylor..we will follow!!
I was thinking of using that one. Thanks for the suggestion.
my brain's like a never ending line of worrys..
OPRAH FOR PRESIDENT ...
I can't stand dirty females.
#OneThingILove coffee/chocolate/wine
Last day of work, paycheck Friday... I think it's time to get Sheenfaced!
I can't seem to escape being subjected to bad country music at my various places of employment
Presenting and Tabling at Navigator AFAM Conference in Baltimore. Highlights soon to come!
this x 1000. Guy has all the tools, needs to put it together. Been going backward lately
Thank you for the follow! I always look forward to reading your reporting.
Yup,understand the dilemma.But there r so many gr8 gems there that I cant hlp get excited abt the possibility of Sib on Tw.
thx for info. Son may lean towards RM, so will check sched. PSG/Chelsea at Yankee Stadium. Not sure how they change field.
who's trending?
Allegro performs at the Upper Ohio Valley Italian Festival Sat 1pm and Sun 3pm visit www.allegrodancecompany.net --Wheeling WV! Buona Festa!
Peace penguis. GO
Goodmorning! Going over my sister house later & too the park then w/ him.
Kind of sad that flew the twitter coop, but I totally get it at the same time.
we will be booking bands often in the warmer months. If ur with a group now be sure to inquire!
I'd do a timeline of events leading up to it, visual/doc analysis jigsaw & quick write/outline of what the govt expl for need was
what say you ?
Good Morning TMD'ers...its the Spurs and ....Jazz or Den in Rd 1, Cowboys talk, Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! and a whole lot more
one of the best gyms ever. Loved the one in Santa Monica and wished they were in Seattle.
On team Cee-lo. Earn Martin is about to go head to head with the shields brothers on the Voice
I hear ya! Packed my coat despite forecasts of sunny warmness. See you soon! :)
who wants to be my prom date
I'm glad you clarified. I don't understand the metaphor. RT : The ultimate compliment “
Necrophilia has to be the easiest morning after
you should follow and
: See you ladies there! XO
Probably not going to California after all.
Watching cable TV's finest sophisticated character-driven drama on. That's right: season 2 Game of Thrones just started.
Get your cricket bat... you got a Zombie Mousie!
I just spit on the tip of my dick.
tossed a couple trail cams up today
Bitchez be tripping! Come on down to my Hotel Party and chill the fuck out! Got my girls wit me, poppin' Stoli!
Rep Hochberg states money doesn't always guarantee success in schools but lack of money almost ensures failure.
thank you sir!
Buffin point #2: #SocialSecurity is a lender, not a borrower.
Sunday Funday at HARRY POTTER WORLD. I don't hate it :)
Sweet! Can't wait!!
You only live once so do everything twice
I miss instragram:'(
What I'm saying is, you are soliciting memberships on promise of special delivery of MR. Is that true or not?
Utah is oh so nice, I could get used to waking up and seeing mountains everyday.
Goodnight people! Graduation in the morning! :)
SO EXCITED FOR UR NEW ALBUM!!!!!!<3
Enjoyed another phone call from
I figured since all the triple crown races were 2 weeks apart that the mini would be the same. Thanks 4 reminding me lol
...why the hell did i just see this? idk how that happened but i'm gonna fix and WHY DIDN'T YOU TEXT ME ARGHFHJJDS
today my son is 10 months old - he was born on 1/11/11! My husband tried to con me into trying for a baby due today. ha..ha
Thats great and I love to see how far u and your sisters have came in yall careers. #BFV LOVE YALL
let's him keep spending the money he raised -- maybe even let's Cain continue to raise money?
what's good fam? how u doing? u in MPLS?
YAY! Class of 2008 Alum here!
Kenny is gonna come online and feel so aprreciated. We know how to make peoples day! Happy Birthday Kenny
Compared to everyone playing baseball today, Brent Morel is very good. Relative to other Major Leaguers, though, he is very bad.
You dont even know me and thats what makes me laugh!
brother didn't like it
Trust with your heart not with your head. 👾
screw #uk fans
Only 1 week left to Register, please reserve your seat today!
amen! My thoughts exactly.
Great set at the tipsy crow by
enjoy your day
Anyone in L.A. feel the quake this morning?Earthquakes are like sex; a 4.5 used to wake me up if I was sleeping; now it takes at least a 7.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper.
Live every day as if its the best day of your life
Confidential to things go smoothly today. Let's all occupy our couches by a reasonable hour this evening.
Deciding what tools & apps best for our consumers. Approach = total owner experience & deciding how digital can fill gaps to enhance
Come hear our gorgeous new piano in Sweeten; students will be playing it throughout the weekend
it's so much more comfortable to work without them.
Any T-shirt printing companies out there???
#ThingsIDislike Yogurt and Cats, except for Hello Kitty
LAUNCH PARTAY. dec 11, sunday at 8pm in the former WOW cafe (Mc 5th fl). food provided! optional: come to fridays at 6pm with us!!!
yup I could see it now him getting married to you and me there as ur bridesmaid lol
RT I would rather spend money on video games, shows and merch than any drug or alcohol!
RT : Troy Davis was murdered by America. We are all witnesses.
Our next album is just going to be a bunch of Danny Brown songs.
what's going on in Allentown these days??
Scott Wallace re-read The Hobbit & Moby Dick for inspiration in pacing his writing!
Lol... Good luck! U should be fine...
did the 2500 sng go off? if so, results?
What did he see in me tho?
www.eccoffee.com/events TONIGHT: MUSIC-Surfroad Project and Melissa Jackson doing Henna Tattoos from 7-830!
Okay fine...
sweet! thank you
A laugh is a smile that bursts.
Who else shares the irrational fear of being forced onto a reality show and made to dance? I would refuse and be branded "uptight." :(
YEsh he is, he needs to release more music
Back in Abq! Heading to work soon.
Yes, any period. I'm asking the #twitterstorians so that I pick up on stuff I wouldn't necessarily hear about.
how was I NOT following you?! Good grief.
Dear Popular Culture: The definition of "gifted" is "having or showing natural talent or aptitude," not "gave a gift." Thanks.
Yes, if "funny" means "really maddening!" Hope your editors find some consensus! :)
Cakeroke tonight!!!! We have carrot cake!!! It rules!!! Booze specials and the most supportive karaoke host in Seattle.
TODAY HAS BEEN A GOOD DAY....
Have a great Sunday everyone. God Bless this great world we live in. Anything you do today...do it cool!! Peace!!
today is a sad day for me and my fam and friends the one person who completed me passed way hope you have a greatday twitbabes love ya sis
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night
Same! Any actress will do! I love Katherine Heigl and Elle Fanning too! :)
I only have about 22more months(26 if you count summers) of high school and I'm done. Then I can move out and do whatever I want.
shoots! We are staying at bally so perfect! Thanks ;)
Imagine if you had a Justin Bieber toothbrush and every stroke of the toothbrush it whispers "swag" lmao
The Grandy Man just hit a BOMB!!!!
I'm following you!
Can we please go on a man date before you bust this taco shell?
Vegan sausage breakfast taco win
The UK is to hold "urgent talks" at the United Nations about the "dire" humanitarian crisis affecting residents in western Libya.
Hey. Hey. Not Fair. I can't balance it with embarrassing stories about I have so many xD xD
my hubby has one. Although I've never seen 'Worlds Best Lover' during the broadcast but he assures me it was cut for time
No, and I need to fix that. (I've made mallows before, but today I used store bought due to laziness.)
indeed it does. I'm suddenly having visions of Celts/Lakers take 3
Most writers regard the truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use. Mark Twain
If called upon, I hope that I could muster the courage of the 40 passengers of Flight 93, who gave it all 9 years ago today.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY CHICAS<3 I HOPE ITS AMAZING FOR U ALL!!!!!!
There's just something poetic about The Truth getting ousted from WSOP holding deuces, no?
I AM IN LOVE WITH YOU PLEASE MAKE MY DREAMS COME TRUE AND FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE <3
So take my name remeber my face keep the change and have a nice day live for the moment not by the past homie live eac day like its ur last
March is happening now, followed by open forum at 5pm and general assembly at 7pm!
#ff for all your love and support!
#WordPress #Tools Backlinks inbound links counter – Uses MSN to track all incoming links to your site.
and we <3 you for it!!
Awesome tune! (and appropriately titled).
MediaProCamp will be at Lawrence Tech. University and held in the Buell Management Building in Room M218. Free parking will be in Lot C.
Next week USC evenings 6pm is moved to the PE pool
Follow Back???
sorry i missed you Thurs night...hope to see you Feb 23
really, it's pathetic to make any argument for foie aside from "it's tasty & I want to eat it." just be honest, folks.
He said "deliverable."
is on The Other Side via until 10:30 PM - Call in with your question & comments --- 713.526.5738 --
way to spread the hate everyone.
You act like you really like me. Then behind my back all you do is flirt with girls. Not cool.
California By Wiz Khalifa Is raw
oh dear; I hope wee Roxie is okay!
Bonfire tonight.
Look. If your child is going into 6th grade but reading at 3rd grade, please don't tell me in front of him. Loudly. Have some respect.
90 minute massage. Thank you boss lady.
Hah! Mesa gets washed more than most cars!
I'm a big fan and all, but how can I keep watching this?
Re: Pinterest Fail ... nevermind. It was delicious.
Also note that Vim represents many significant improvements over vi. Probably would not choose vi over emacs.
Will do! RT : Everyone that came last night. Take the time and follow up with your new contacts today :-).
Wouldn't be a Wings game if we weren't down late.
I love when Olivia Pope tells Pres:"I am good, I am brilliant."Great for black girls to see her saying that on prime time TV!
I took one in da sleeve . Without u by my side its safe to say that I would die but u can leave
our band shirts website will be down today (tuesday) for a bit so we can do some upgrades. hold tight!
Elise was signing 'uncle' to this light skin Mexican at the hair store.....funniest ish Eva!
this girl really loves her paw print tattoos on her but......#evethrowback shes like 50
Do you go to class? Ever?
pls fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and u could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
Damn you Time Warner Cable! Dropped connection in my last #SC2 placement match! Platinum
Watching NinjaGO with my nephews. :)
as the evangelists say "HEALED!"
I should star in my own show called That's So Ratchet
I Need Some New Sandals In This Weather !
I'm fantastically well! how r u?????
Bitches are just like mondays none likes them.
Ambulances scare me more than anything..
We have plans. Our customers and participants are going to KNOW that "we are glad you are here" feeling.
Walk it back, Joe. Walk it back.
i would've LOVED to have had appointments on the same day! miss you, pretty woman. text me.
We finished making the soundtrack to the Pie Collect video game! It's a relief to know will be mastering it tomorrow.
Yes! tickets for show at Wolf Trap and in Charlottesville for this summer acquired...
Thanks for making a difference in my life: Emily Moses, Sarah Lowder, Delores Woodberry, Ruth Lupo.
Do work.
From 's Mike Max: former St Paul Central standout Stacy Robinson, who has been working for the NFL, is in poor health.
as in tumblr or like a real blog?
going back to my old job you tunnelbutts , maybe moving in a few months too =x
:(((( isnt it just so sad?? put a damper in my day. ugh
Come enjoy spring in the parks!!
i mean shiiiit atleast i use protection.. so it shouldnt be no prolem.
Dick Cheney's new memoir "In My Life" set to be released and will "have heads all over Washington rolling." Will his book tour come to DC?
Lmfao alright, I'm on it!!
No, I hadn't realize that. We are so happy to be able to be here for you and families who need us.
HOLY SHIT THERE THEY ARE!!!!!!!
being such a girl rt now ice cream,magazine,and popcorn=]
And yes, I'm really sad that these two things happened on the same weekend and I can't take full advantage of the film fest!
Another wild Wednesday at McFadden's tonight!
I love being a dad!!
That's awesome you got invited to the game. I'm super jealous. Go Devils!
California is one of only four states that has banned affirmative action.
I just sponsored a hungry Ethiopian child and found he had a twiiter
I can't wait for your album to come out!!!!!!!!
They should invite the guys from Mythbusters to the Lakers/OKC series so they can see us win it in 7 after being 0-2.
haha RT : Guess its nice to be a free agent WR this year.. somebody tell me who Laurent Robinson is please.
Hey, is Jan & JoJo w/you? Need 2 wish them Happy Mother's Day. :-)
Not sure, EP. 21 right? So maybe in three weeks.
ok now two balls!
Bubba Watson won the Masters today. I wonder if he used Swing Advantage Golf to get him ahead of the rest!? :)
well I'm sure it's both, I guess I'm questioning more the proportion of which that gets the most attention
My First Tweet On This Account ! =) ~Helen
This Follow Friday with Bobby Convey sounds like it's going to be a classic... #Bubblebath?
It is working!!
MAHONE MADNESS! Yeah! I don't think there is one person that doesn't have it (;
Looking forward to interviewing at today! Send us any last minute questions you might have! :) #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
Good work. I try to be Cabreras biggest advocate as well. Have a good one
Local killer haircuts, period
What the HECK was that last Tweet? ;)
's redneck word of the day: Benign - What you be, after you be eight.
YES! YES! omg YES! (that is supposed to be dramatic). Now take me to Ohio.
dont worry, he'll notice you soon
Our program has touched 1,500 of 15,000 children of prisoners in #Miami. That’s 10%. Not bad. Still long way to go.
Thank goodness I'm only on the play by play TCU v LaTech
Who has midnight tickets for the Hunger Games premiere? We won't name the names of who has them in our office. [raises hand]
Of course they did! #chulavista polz will never close the loophole that means they can come back and eat from the trough again!
already did! girl i got your back :-P
~ In this moment the plan is simple..be open to the spirit's leading.~ Catherine M Schaffer
i have an obsession over nuts. walnuts, pecans ,peanuts,cashews,pistachios, hazlenuts every kind of nut.
I refuse to be an option.
hey sorry for the late reply! I haven't seen it yet! I'll check it out as soon as I get the chance!!(:
Welcomed alum & ClickFuel CEO Steve Pogorzelski back to campus to talk about entrepreneurship. Great job, !
I can't put into words how exciting the Eddie Alvarez - Anthony Pettis at UFC 150 rumors are.
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 21st, 10:30am "Books by Denise Fleming" -'The Cow who Clucked', 'Lunch' & 'Beetle Bop'.
I look forward to your tweets!
Beautiful natonal anthem by Mary J. Blige!
Oh yeah baby! ~ join us as well! we would love to have you as one of our models! muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuah! xoxo
2 nite I will be on WKCR Radio 89.9 FM -The Musician Show w/Jacob Sunshine 6pm - 9pm playing new music and my influences. Check it!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful mom's out there!
At CHAP hearing. Shelley House in Hampden up for designation. Review of plans for Senator Theatre.
On pace for 11 HR, but he's the last person I'm worried about. RT : what home run pace is Joey Votto on?
Archaeology Merit Badges at #MOSI tomorrow.
oh they will ball this year!
Hi Mark, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
Jes!! RT By now everyone has heard about the Tupac hologram... What's next? Hector Lavoe, Tito Puente & Celia Cruz!
Thanks for the buzz!
Glad you like it! :)
Thanks for liking us! Please share with us why you use Marco!
At the recruiters office with my babe I'm be so sad when he leaves July 3 :((
Happening now at the Ford Hall Forum Callie Crossley in conversation with Barney Frank.
Studies show that #niacin helps prevent #dementia, #anxiety and #arthritis, and lowers
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper cannot be understood.
Lol. Just never been, brother! Looking to take a good relaxing vacation.
Omw to Miami beach!!! Love it!
wish u cud be here now cuz Tasha's here!
Congress proclaimed a Nat'l Teacher Day in 1953 after a Wisconsin teacher wrote E. Roosevelt w/the idea. How are you observing it today?
Just because you're singing doesn't make it a song.
That's fucked up..
God got you homie :) str8 up...
thank u so much for coming!! See u soon hopefully :)
Being so close to Memphis and not being able to go is the worst. But, incredibly thankful that is coming to lunch tomorrow.
This bitch dun irritated me down to my mufuccin soul and I'm bout to punch.
Waiting for chipotle to open<<<<<<
lmao. I hate that teacher. she's a bitch
But I bet disassociating the degree from the labor market would be something a lot of depts would like to do.
He's on a roll today. Said the Reds will soon be home for 3 days-- long enough to do laundry-- but knowing them, they won't.
The seat of knowledge is in the head; of wisdom, in the heart. We are sure to judge wrong if we do not feel right. – William Hazlitt
Thank you Ada!
Let's do it! just sent u an email to a google doc so we can chat and plan :)
The investment world is worrying too much about foreclosures. It is all political hype, spawned by Cuomo
I'm gonna be single for Valentine's Day once again.... wow. I seriously need a boyfriend.
I miss eating breakfast in San Antonio.
I know! Seeing stuff about them trending everyday, when they're not that amazing. Lady A is like a million times better!!!
CAMS!!! SLAP THAT ASK!!! Breakout coming
girl yes :D
question is does this make Philly or Ny stronger????
...how can U.S. not have the best junk food when we're the fatest country ever
What you have in your heart, not your bank account, matters to God and endures for eternity...
one of his kids committed a crime
just wanted to say that you and louis are so adorable<3
On critical geography, counter-mapping, and an Israeli-Palestinian town (Miska) that once was. Today, 12pm, w/ Einatt Manoff.
I thought if I didn't watch my pot it would boil. Turns out you have to plug it in, too.
Damn #RIPJuniorSeau why END your own LIFE?
Just like that... I got cast as a lead in a short film! Funny enough, I was auditioning for a different film when I caught their eye.
I cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food. ~ W.C. Fields
EPROM art attack at repack
Sumbitch when did downtown abq fill up w so many dang ne'r do wells.
Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something. It's our goal in life to find it and to keep it lit.--Mary Lou Retton
Need the Old Don, please, not liking the Howard Johnson's Model.
": Latenight walks with Sam >" :)
Totally enjoyed Alec Baldwin on Wish becomes a regular on The Last Word!
I hate it when im walking & like a lot of guys look at me. That gets me nervous.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything. Malcolm X
Thanks, bro. It'll be a Metal Knee. So that's be cool in away. METAL To My BONES! \m/
Im working as a Disney Cast Member one day...YOLO.
I noticed the city of NY hosted a special parade in honor of your birthday...
#MyThoughtsDuringSex who's winning the game?????
Lost something? Our Lost&Found is at the yellow & white Volunteer Check-In tent.
During a math exam: *finishes problem* Got: 521.5 Choices: A) 12 B) 14 C) 17 D) 25 Well I haven't used D in a while..
Listened to Vincent Harding on NPR podcast "On Being" and must say that I love his quote that "love trumps doctrine every time."
isn't *every* month a #monthofrandomoperawhoring ???
game day!!!! lets kick some devil ass.
Thanks for the props!
Just wish there had been books like these back then.
So the meet promoter just apologized for the gun. Seems that a lot of us was like....w t f, who's coughin. Oh shyt that was the gun! lol!
Watch out world, I'm in ultra bitch mode today!!!
I don't need excuses for it, I need the flopping to stop. It's bad basketball and I hate watching it.
If I am told I will see a movie at 12:35 and at 12:38 there are still... Wait nevermind.
Awesome - tell them 600block send you. Enjoy!
Wanted gold to hear national anthem: Shiva
Unbelievable but true: in theater seeing the artist, fire scene, & our film reel burns up. Thought it was part of movie. Weird coincidence!
Can't wait! RT I'm talking about being at ur club sat 2nite on 750pm Cox 107...
lol thank you!
*punch...yellow one
Love & Honor to Miami!!! 5 of 6 points from Michigan. Go RedHawks!
Finished my essay with 3 minutes to spare!!
There's going to be a Digital Preservation for Videotape workshop at the Spring meeting. Nice!
The black community always want to get together when they feel racism is involved. But steady calling each other niggas, hoes, and b!Tc/-/$
I'm sitting here reading about karma and man, I've must of screwed a lot of people over in the previous life because this life is insane.
Nonody but Kobe takes another shot
I said I was engaging. But I could prob tweet "bike helmet" and it would set off a convo. I find the responses interesting.
Hey kids, want to feel old? MJ is 49 today.
#ClingerTweet RT : Give up? What the fuck does that even mean? When it comes to you, I'm never giving up, ever.
2. 2Mex f/ DJ Handprints & DJ Ethos - "Simple As This"
ZOOMER-THINK TANK: Retirement is more a state of mind than a stage of life.
Heading out to show some properties! Let's go
OMG OMG! Tolls waived on #Verrazano Bridge (usually $13). Also fares on our NYC subways and buses. Maybe this #hurricane is going to be big!
- You'll be at 57 Degrees Food Truck event this Friday, right? Louisiana style catfish? Yum! 1735 Hancock, San Diego
Just got to think positive for tommrow dc trip.
same too you :)
Maybe I just one of the few people who don't watch singing competition shows for the judges. Give me TALENT and I'm good.
Make no mistake It's the Republicans who are 100% responsible for the debt ceiling mess using it to extort rational Democrats.
Learn how to delegate properly. If you set someone up with a task make sure it is the right person for the job.
Several comments over weekend that made me feel good: 3 people said Have you lost weight? Another, I thought you were in your late 30's.
Watching Space Jam yuhh!
is that Dupont Circle?
Just threw a cantaloupe into the blender, which was only just about the best idea I've ever had.
KISS Vinyl LP Album Lot Auction begins at 5:30 PST -- 4 Records - Asylum, Paul Stanley, Ace Frehley, Lick it Up -- Opening Bid - 9.99
Anxiously awaiting the winners of the Serious Games Showcase
Thank you for the tweet, and you are very welcome!
David West is so wet
2012 now what?
Only have one final to study for!
I would love to dispatch with the time between turning off the shower and being back in my clothes. Those 3 minutes are SO BORING.
Damn, Haruki signed a 3yr deal with the Panthers. Thats the only Free Agent loss that has me a little pissed...
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy and Jackie in Mew York ?! LOVE YOU<3
Hope to be able to meet when he comes down to VEGAS FOR THE BILLBOARD AWARDS:)
A big, loud and rowdy HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!! *Dog Barks & Fist Pumps* It's going to be a good one!
OHH MYY! 5 HOUR ENERGIES CAN NOT BE GOOD FOR YOU!! AGHH!! P.S. i GOT FLOWERS TODAY AND THEYRE PRETTY! I LOVE EVERYONE! WERE ALL BEST FRI ...
POSC running fast!
You can follow us!! We're from Nashville AND we let you know about some of the best deals.
Leap Day William!
"vagina fish" a new term has been added to my lexicon
yup. Got both
our nose bleeds would be 400 level the 300 level is pretty much like our club level view
Soon all will be home for Christmas :)
:( I was fighting tears over here!
One of the bests.
Ding, Ding. Round 2!!
yes, those chirps are decidely weaker than before we got back
Cubicles are seriously the most depressing thing on earth.
Never get attached to someone. Because attachments lead to expectations and expectations lead to disappointments
Just saying hi.:)
I liked it, but I won't spoil it for you....Have you read the book(s)?
Defiantly still listening to the great, only-72-hours-old PJ Harvey album, despite the new Radiohead album surprise dropping this morning.
Rockets have thrown in the towel.
that really awesome moment when a member from one of your favorite bands casually says "maybe I'll catch one of your shows" on ur band pic
lol ok nd imma talk to my parents abpou it ill tell my mom
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!
"You always want the one that you can't have. 'Cause love isn't always fair." -Black Veil Brides , Love Isn't Always Fair-
WIll do. I made some on the way down as well.
Thank go tomorrow is friday -.-
Happy Sunday BUZrds! Time to get your BUZ on... Play our #ProjectX game card to celebrate the new flick
Education is the most important issue that we face. Without it, we will perish. With it, we will flourish.
how so?
Wendy - I loved your article on being grateful! We all need a reminder to think about what we're grateful for daily.
Congrats! RT : MORE magazine is finalist for a National Magazine Award, General Excellence. Thanks to our readers!
YUM! This tweet single-handedly just got me to write myself a "Try brunch at Burlap" note!
Thanks HD -- good to know we have support all around the country --> RT : I feel for you guys. I understand your cause.
Been in PA for 2 weeks now!! OH I WISH I WERE IN LOUISIANA!!! THAT WOULD MAKE ME OH SO HAPPY!! (*oscar meyer weiner song) #HOMESICK :(
Happens to me all the time, but then i reply with : "Go call yo' mama if ya have nothin to do
Thank god this week is over.
We dissect nature along lines laid down by our native language. Language is not simply a reporting device for experience but a d
hahah, I could have an affair? Duh!
I've been debating the same thing since my U annouced no travel funding this year. Wish I could go. Bet it will be worth it.
Sex is emotion in motion.
Women are emotional. Be prepared and understanding. Her emotions surprise even her mother.
I bet you can't wait for when those bad boys are Nike
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays! I'm off to Boston to see family! #yay!
Just turned on the Spurs Lakers game. Clinic being put on by the Spurs for sure.
A best friend can tell you things you don't want to tell yourself.
April is Autism Awareness month. To quote the great #Temple Grandin "Different NOT Less."
At #GreatClips. Thanks for the heads up, !
well the heat ha two of the top 3 players in the NBA they have to get cheap calls. That's how Dwade won a ship
i wonder how agent zero will do with the grizzlies?
Do you want to experience all year round comfort in all types of weather? Contact us for more information
Did you tweet Karaoke? Well you're in luck we have it every Wednesday Night!!
This damn fly has been getting on my last nerve all day. It's about to go down!
Not really were soaked
trying my hardest not to burst out lauging while listening to 'call me maybe'
Pete, the song is the least of our problems.
Wishing everyone a wonderful 4th of July weekend! Relax and enjoy!
Ahh, this silly things I say, and forget that I said, when giving a talk. Can we call it "folksy"?
Ha, thanks! Those were steer alright. Long-horns & everything.
had to bow out of MM party this year. How was it?
Texting everything you feel, & deleting it & just typing okay... I feel like I can't say anything to u with out sounding desperate.
NEW SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT: GIRL IN A COMA, PINATA PROTEST & SARA RADLE!!! May 10th @ Tricky Falls!!! Looking for an opener!!!
congrats to Coach Pop for winning Coach of the Year!!!!
No, ladies, Scaramouche will NOT do the Fandango.
Learning so many great fashion trends
Had a blast at The Armando Show tonite. served it up!
i'm under attack from three wonderful pups :)
Fuckin Lakers better beat OKC tonight word to Anne Frank
thanks for the inclusion!
Let me know when you are coming, we have an extra room!
Glenwood is THE place to be apparently! Are you looking for a 2 family?
The library website you helped redesign? You and your team did a beautiful job.
I can think of one ;-)
Yes! RT : r u doing it in Chicago?
that sucks. poor puppy
it was a pleasure to cook for you tonight. Thanks for stopping by.
the networks generally suck
How far into the story are you?
can u please give me a shoutout I need more followers
love you Will delete account soon
Calvin Johnson.....#27 NFL top 100......Detroit All day, everyday
so true and beautifully said! Will be retweeting you shortly. Have a marvelous rest of the day!
Also, hope you're feeling better. I assume Nolan is the resident nurse and is doing his job well.
It feels like I have no reason to be here now. *Cries*
i feel bad :( do you listen to music? apparently that helps you to sleep at night "Apparently" so my mom says. :p
My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business.
I'M THE BEGINNING OF THE ENDING IN THIS RAP SHIT!!!
S/O to my bestfriend <----FOLLOW HIM NOW!
Assume baby wipes are clean? U may be wrong. Razor blades, cockroaches found in wipes, says
Exactly. Melo is playing harder than ever even on D. He passes the rock, he is a team player. Freaking haters.
"Happiness isn't good enough for me, I demand euphoria!"
whole foods has awesome seafood
i can txt u a picture? :)
Mybad my twitter was hacked??
Fuckin cat sits by my back door leading to the hallway meowing like an asshole. Which one of you told her about the Utopia behind that door?
What you Need to Learn on How to Become a Web Designer ...
yes i know im weird. I'm making pancakes at 10:30 at night.
lol go for it bro. I'm going for the girl I want to.. Just I shouldn't have waited so long.
Just. Put. It. In. The. Net.
Thanks Jose!
FEED your zombie hunger: An interview with Mira Grant: Upcoming in 2012, I have the San Diego International Comic Convention, Worldco...
I'm using a small Behringer PM2000 system with 12" speakers and one floor monitor; inexpensive, sounds good for guitar/mic.
Always remind your girl you care. Remind her you're lucky to have her.
glad you are feeling them! I am working on a painting in the same vein and it is going nowhere...
hope shes okay
yep, that sums it up; Pagan had 3rd base stolen standing up thanks 2 HUGE jump...only 2 have Arias pop it up in the IF, double play onto 9th
"YOUR LIKE INSURANCE TO OUR COMPANY," says my boss and not having heard a compliment put that way before, I fancied it. Its way better than…
Just like that System of a Down song, I'm eating seeds as a pass-time activity...
Job Interview In A Few ;-)
Once again, we have to choose between seeing the Boyz and Vinny. Being an ICONiac and a Grander is getting hard.
Freakin' Justin Bieber had to ruin me watching the Mayweather vs Cotto fight!
I'm so in:D
I can't really see it :P
The country's first lady is #Machelle Obama
cool pic!!! i've been there twice!! it is AWESOME :)
I'd seen something earlier. Then lost track. Will share if I find anything.
Congrats!!! : we won we won. best film!!!!! best short film!!!! we beat out five oscar nominated films!
still bitter that they fit you..not me. After all that work.
It's a liquor and poker night ;) those of you with minds in the gutter might think that's funny. for shame
can we do #AskAlex ??
A new book mark! I mean...bag tag
Welcome Back to New York Justin! Do work this year. God Bless!
send me a pic to my phone
I'm scared to check my Facebook....
yea i saw lol :p
I havent even done my homework! like can someone help me! homework quest: "write a paragraph about why is it impossible to get rid of HIV?"
Really enjoyed getting to hear at #4c12 this year.
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. ~
Anyone have an extra Mirror Mirror screening ticket tonight at Mira Mesa?
Big Slim @ Work
Academy Awards viewing party set for 2/26 at Kickbacks in Riverside!
I'm sorry. It's sad, and I hope they're doing something about now.
Notice, Mitt absolutely refuses to visit his zillion Mormon relations in Mexico. One man ... one woman ... my ass.
Good morning y'all...may all your coffee's be Double Double!!!
Affordable Houseboat in Seattle - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
When asked what I look like, "kinda like a beaver....but a...pretty...beaver..." thanks?
get bent on a 1/2 game never happening at the end of/or mattering in confrence play.
Our kitchen is prepped & ready to cook for your week! Didn't place an order? Just stop by & pick- up!
Email me for today's free trial AND you are eligible for the 100$ contest. Guess the correct score of the Celtics/Pacers game!!
So ur mad at me now???? Smh u don't even talk to me
I am so tired but these games are so intense!!!!
hmm...mystery donation on kickstarter by someone named "Farty McGee"
"Addicted to Mel" sounds weird. RT : call me Molly one more time . . . .
Thanks for all the great conversations! Now, onto the FUN part! Gala at Low Library! See you there!
[Outage notice] We are experiencing issues with one of our Wordpress servers. We apologize for the inconvenience. We are working to fix.
Georgia had a 5% rate increase in workers comp rates effective 3/1/11
Filming "Firewater" next Sunday, Monday or Tuesday. I get shot on page 2. LOL. Hey, I'm still going to have fun.
At Target, purchasing lots of Theraflu and ALL travel-size toiletries WHY CAN'T I TAG YOU, COURTNEY?
i couldn't tweet yesterday i was too busy spending my 9th month anniversary with my amazing boyfriend <3
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." -George Bernard Shaw
My brother picking with Lauren while she sleep
Although we need you here in #Florida, we'll watch you no matter where you go!
well that's a bit tougher, I still think I'd like episodics, sometimes the BEST roles on TV are Co-Star or Guest Star...
Yesterday was my one year anniversary of blogging about #SportingKC . It's been extremely "entertaining" and I'm looking forward to more yrs
oh ok lol I was gonna say u keeping secrets now
What can I say.. What can I say.. When all you do.. Is push me away..
Thanks for the gift card! I am excited! See you this evening!
"Harry Potter" author JK Rowling writing adult novel - Reuters
Welcome to , who's sitting in front of the section, and 's own on press row!
Happy Valentine's Day!! Excited to spend it with my honey tonight!
NYC! wanna go?!
grr crying cause i really loved him since 7th grade n he doesnt love me fml was hopen 2 see him friday but w.e. hope hes happy with her
thanks for following
Harangued by stranger w/ the voice of a Roger Rabbit weasel about news of the day while walking to my car. Weirder the day the better.
Eating disorders aren't picky..they effect everybody. Men, Women,Black, White, Gay, Young and Old. Stand up for us all and fight!
Rolling Sushi Van is here now at 800 Santa Maria Apt Homes in Irvine!
Love is the way back into Eden. It is the way back to life.
prettysure you have been fallowing me for a while.
Ever wonder what ass taste like? Try drinkn a fruit punch powerade rite after u brush teeth while smokn a cancer stick. I wouldnt know but..
The Hawks are giving the Heat some issues tonight. C'mon Heat!
isn't texting talking points during the meeting a violation of public comment rules. Can all of us get a voice this way?
haha Kind of cool, right? fun to see it in action
No Wonder I love the music!
STARVIN LIKE FAT MARVIN!
yes, for your information, I am VERY sleepy. So please shut up before I kill you!;)
Thank you, JS, for the most depressing headlines.
Drums: An analog device that, when struck, creates a resounding "boom". Works best when combined with other rudimentary instrumentation.
haha well prob not as much as someone in MN!! But cold windy rain is enough for me, sir!!!! #thatsnotwhyilivehere haha ;-)
Wow! What a catch!
girll i have some everyday lol but naww not yet mi plug aint up yet!
THANK GOD! ": BREAKING: #Everton have signed Argentine striker Denis Stracqualursi on season-long loan. #efc"
I'll be patient...
follow this guy, he makes fun of Oh and mention us in a tweet and we will send you a free song tomorrow!!
I didn't know Cary Grant was a donor to ! Any pieces I should keep an eye out for? (& thx for the tip!)
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
If the county puts "optional" under "attendance required" do they really mean it?
Create your message. Keep the message simple and brief.
Not a fan of Sandra Bullock's dress - I smell a "Worst Dressed Nominee"
do re mi fa so la dil do.
Finished the fourth song. It's beautiful. One more song to write for the Ep. It's slowly coming along!
And you are one of our favorite visitors! Give us a heads-up before you come in next time...we'd love to say hi.
needs to have more solos! I wanna hear his beautiful voice more!
ok I'll try.
Just got back in town literally 10 minutes ago now heading to Spring Show!!
Couldn't have put it any better way!
Question: what about coupons on GPS systems? Are they gaining traction?
be safe have a great summer nice meetin ya ;)
LeAnn Rimes Shows Off Bikini Body on Love Boat With Eddie Cibrian (PHOTOS) Lovebirds LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian are certainly turning
haters gonna hate.
your welcome!!(:
Ron Paul stood by Israel? He's the only man on the stage worth the vote.
Mr market should hold the line with FB coming this week. Too much at stake for the underwriters.
They got em in G-burg. Head up thur
ok. Fine then. Then why even mention Breitbart? It is irrelevant o this person.
my fantasy football friend JH, only positive is that all the Flacco Bashers would finally have to shut up lol
Thanks for RTing my question! Got a lot of responses. Looks like people really love Perch! I just might have to give it a go.
agreed. they should stick w/ drinking that weak mess out of a bottle.
So Excited! I have 9 days till I'm in Los Angeles! LIFE IS AWESOME!! ♥
TV *brand new series of how I met your mother, starts now* - I watched the series ending yesterday online. We are SO far behind in the UK.
I think what I'm most excited for this summer is sleep.
After Testimony: The Ethics & Aesthetics of Holocaust Narrative edited by Susan Rubin Suleiman G'78 et al now out from OSU Press.
We had #CleanAThonWkd a couple weeks ago and went through a variety of music -
Cursn this nigga out and my goofy ass fell down the stairs fuck my knee hurt
Last day of class on campus for the spring semester!
FUCK #LILWAYNE!! HE CAN KISS THE FATTEST PART OF MY ASS FOR SAYING THAT SHIT ABOUT THE #SAINTS ole predator cockroach lookin ass!
have you considered getting a waterproof case for an ipod touch? :)
Y'all see Lil Wayne at the fight bout high as a bitch!!! 😂😂😂😂
who knows. Betting on tonight's NBA games is like playing Tetris blindfolded.
pineapples dont have sleeves..NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
you know you'll be sore tomorrow when you just left the gym & it already hurts to open the sock drawer.
