ouch! so vision gonna be okay?
End of day 1
In Woodbine's 5th, if #3 Cool Gold goes off less than 2-1 then I will try to beat her with either #9 Forum's Best or #10 Sweet Margi.
Listening to Black Moth Super Rainbow, reading up on todays matches, and just ate way too much peanut butter.
Ive never seen an asían hobo...
My kids are very ready for school to end!
oh you wear kneehigh socks? Rec league softball must be your thing.
Today's #Pricing Tip: Set your normal high list price and offer discounts to customers who “prove” they are price sensitive
Going to the mal.!
stop that.
You as well. Will you be attending #LMA12 so we could meet in person?
Always classy never trashy
yessum You are very mistaken, it will be in my possession very soon.....
follow me? :)
It was great to have coffee with you Thursday Morning. This is my most active account. Follow me here instead!
All right you degenerates! I want this place evacuated in 20 seconds!
almost over. i hope.
and congrats to him!
tHATS WSUP iLL CHECK HIM OUT :)
S/O to my #NewYork followers!
For some reason the compact view in #gmail makes it look to me like I have more emails and thus: more work. Compelled to
i love the chachi sweats :D
those business law guys, i tell ya, they're all down with the clown
hahahaha yes I am!!
Weetabix Food Company acquired by Chinese venture Bright Food
Special thanks to who killed it..btw! Very humble, down to earth chick! Thanks to those who came out & supported her!
#mds3180 Twitter chat sure is convenient...however, it's hard to expand on ideas and answers to questions with the limited word count here
HA I'm always buying in
Looking for someone to paint faces in Sacramento on Saturday, please email carl for more info ASAP!
Tribe game with and
#JustinInspiresMillions.....of blonde gay children!
Final exam. The room hasn't been this full since the first day of class.
easy: matzah, tomato sauce, grilled chicken, mozzarella shredded cheese and put in oven for 10 minutes at 350!
SO EXCITED TO SEE WICKED TONIGHT!
Emily Lowell and her car for class couple!!
Rocking a set w/ headed by @ All Asia 2nite w/ artist pick up freud. Starts @ 9 pm
Cans tonight from five to close. Come play some dice
LMAO .... woo what that called ... ROTFLMAO ... Wow that was Hella tight .. Bruse is that idiot savant .... SMH
brewers have been so good this year, i bet many parents are having convos w/ their kids similar to the "santa isn't real" talk right now
To be clear: Romney protested FOR the Vietnam War draft AND got a deferment?
everytime they say they r gonna get a new one....never do
Such a great evening. Tons of #ROC Love cc
We've been driving in Texas since 10 this morning and we're STILL in Texas!! Aaaahhh!!
Anyone else going to the kanye west and jay-z concert in Chicago on 12/1?? #watchthethrone So excited!! :)
If you don't like JR Smith, you don't like basketball!
Yes 100% green Seal certified carpet cleaning...
Anyway I just read "punk'd" again and I feel like I'm in much too silly of a mood to stay awake.
A Troubling Confluence of Events is Affecting Sales and Marketing Executives ...: is The Kathy Freeman Company's latest proprietary r...
I can't get You're all I see out of my head from
Hey, could you please help me? i need more followers !
I grew up conservative and now I am liberal.
anyone else think it feels like a Friday?
A terrible day in motorsports. Our prayers go out to the families, friends & fans of Rick Huseman and Dan Wheldon.
idk yet its making me mad
I love mine! You feel like your skin is actually getting CLEAN.
follow back please:)^___^
I would race you but you aint ready yet lol
Why must I work on the day of 'El Clasico'? Blerg
lol... i'm not sure how i missed this tweet from my acct :)
Honestly, a girl like her needs the right man.....if only that was me.
Ellen Brazer, Clouds Across the Sun to speak Jewish Heritage Club 400 people Oct.10, 2010
Jordan Taylor sinks his first shot as the shot clock buzzer sounds.
haha! you should send it to her, it would prob make her year
I wonder what he'll do?? Can someone get him a spare tux??
"I am NOT going to hold my butt open!"
Wow just realized that I texted we're here on twitter instead of my bro... Wow...
Just need to type out this freaking rehearsal journal page and print it! Why is this so difficult?
|#quotes Just by being private, the culture will change. We won't be forced to make decisions that are 90 days in relevance.
The Bat Segundo Show: Tom Bissell, Part Two - Reluctant Habits
#IfYouReallyLikedMe u would follow right now
I hear u! I am guilty of that tho cause I got something to say and I kno they aint ever gonna respond to have a convo lol :P
you are? cool! :D RT : I'm monicals most wanted Twitterer ;)
i almost hate having so many options for my next step...i'm getting completely overwhelmed way too quickly. not helpful.
About To Roll Some Motivation
I'll pick Kevin,mark and Tony let's see who gets it right
Sexual Favors for Money and a Home is so Gay! Fortunate2012
gonna be a good time!
Pining for SUMMER
👏RT : Real recognizes real, and honey, you don't look familiar.
Hoi Polloi show tomorrow, excited! Can't wait to see my friend Saori doing her thing!
Culture is the opposite of war: humans doing the highest work for each other. Peace is what happens when war is not. Are you at peace?
Shotgun shuts his cakehole! Let's go!! :)
Ah! Super tired! Get our new tv tomorrow! Yay! :) Nite y'all
Morning all! I get to see the new cut of the video today with all the parts together today :) almost done
Ok Everyone Tomorrow night is my last night in TN Till the end of the year So come out to Linden To the Commodore Linden Hotel for my...
To unpathed waters, undreamed shores.William Shakepeare
yes hopefully the 1500 WSOP re entry tournament. They are expecting around 5k entrants. I'll gladly use my one time
lol i feel asleep on the couch just like that lol
Tell them hello from me & !! We keep up with them!
YOU are my Favorite Choreographer<3!
Thanks For The Follow!(:
Wow, amazing. I was there from age 3 to 23 so had an adolescence or two myself...
that's....that's a dumb bitch.
Who knew athletes went to Rice??
RT : Hello great to see you RT : Hi everyone! <-- happy to be here!
I rarely drink soft drinks, but I'm jonesing for a ginger ale right now for some reason.
Come on Miami, beat the thunder!!
Thanks for sharing.
Postscript: we do not have any pens in this office that I like, and it secretly (now not-so-secretly) drives me nuts.
Last day of spring break...fuck
Partying at the Boom Boom Room tonight.Looking forward to cuttin the dance floor n shakin it up..
Good morning!! Have a totally fantastic Tuesday!! xo
All other residents are safe as well. Building is standing but... If you know Lewistown her apt is close to the Civic Center and totalled.
Thanks for the feedback...appreciate it and you listening!
Pretty silly but so excited that I got the "Nightmare Before Christmas" collector's edition Monopoly game for birthday!
The day for what?
I wish I was in Texas!
He's playing better... But reality of it is that lebron is better
We love Mooseltoe! RT 'What's your favorite holiday-themed children's book?'
thx! Thinking today about bioanth markers of 'elite' hunting & feasting, & wondered if symposia could show in such analyses.
Oh what a day, what a day. Can't wait for it to be over.
Going to 58 Degrees tonight for Dine Downtown, can't wait!
Just a reminder, those rolling objects are tumbleweeds not rolling cats. Do not be alarmed!
#WhoYMCMBWillSignNext Gucci mane
She picked up the leg sulkily and led her cow away, the poor animal limping on three legs
my maneger bought me flowers cuz i act lke a mom
The music of #CPEBach is shockingly different from his father’s and from anyone before him.
Show off ya hats, show off ya tatts
"Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. Safety and security is the illusion."
Thanks for all the great material this afternoon!
Bringing pain to Bottom of the Hill in SF tonight w/ opening for O'Brother. Come catch us kick off the show at 9pm!
you know it
lord. i can not wait until the 20th. CALI here i commee!! :))
Looking for a great place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! Next to Cheesecake Factory!
When people say unnecessary shit!
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving. - Dale Carnegie
thanks for the follow.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought. - Matsuo Basho
cracked the screen on my iPhone 4, tgod for nice people who give me free ones.... LOVE APPLE LOVE LOVE APPLE
Um...maybe don't fail them? Just a suggestion.
#TwinDay at school today...obviously #Twinning with !
I think your mom has it right. What a poor casting choice. SMH
Thanks for this vid!!!!!
That awkward moment when you yell your own name during sex.
Monday Mailbag: Poly's Risks and Rewards, Leather Grips - Tennis Magazine (blog)
Pops in the falls is a great dinner after biking 11 miles on the bug line.
#youknowyourparentsareblack if the only thing you keep to drink is koolaid
How many times can someone say "someone" in a sentence?
6pm tonight at (1241 GH) learn how to apply for the #EotR Distinguished Artist Award - $5,000 prize!
Camera's ready prepare the FLASH!
This is really funny
What a wonderful blog post. Glad to connect with another lover of Whitman.
Teaching a kickboxing class at 7 am. Holy moly! Wish me luck.
the book is getting publish in America first, and i'll have to move there for the book tours
Im Making Bands Listen To Wat I Tell
Email to register!!!!
So after todays loss when is gonna start spending that arteta $? I mean losing to bolton&having howard score the lone goal weak
Catching up with old friends
Artest's 3-ball at the end was killer. Yelled at the TV RonRon could go fuck himself. Buttsteaks. Haha
There's a guy out there who's going to be really happy that you didn't get back together with your crappy ex-boyfriend.
how beautiful SHE is*
Who's nathan ? Oh never mind I'm stupid. But I'm too lazy to delete that ^^. So enjoy my idiotic lazyness.
haha. We loved you, obviously. have fun touring. i hope you come back to the BAY for a REAL CONCERT.
we are so glad! Thanks for thinking of us!
Maybe not, but less guilt if you don't answer?
Mickey Mantle's greatest problem in his first five years in the majors was a tendency to strike out.
Lexus tell you .?
#InstantTurnOn phis food ice cream by ben and jerrys
Aye that's buckets baby, that's a time out Kobe did that boy too nasty wit that last jumper
Mary Gwen Wheeler, Louisville #talentdividend: mutually reinforcing activities - New "Count Me In" effort involves pledges
Hudson Valley, here I come! Hooray!!!!
OH NO SALLY DEAR GOD
Guess I'm staying up all night, gonna need some coffee. With that being said I think I'm ready to lose my Dutch virginity.
I wish i could do more for my friends & family.
“: Why don't people shower?” bathing is the best part to a day
Had fun with friends both nights this weekend but the fact that Ive gotten home by 11 both nights makes me feel like I haven't done anything
isn't that the whole point of a dramatic turnaround? A 360 would just land you back in the same tired place.
Tonight 5-8pm Don't miss out on our Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20% off the entire store plus champagne.
I think it does
Thanks for following us :)
Speaking for myself, I was fine until the rap lipsyncing... Oy!
do you live far from the beach?
very great week so far!
It was really good - we just put too much of ginger. Will have to try again.
Hurry! Now www.Vaporizerinc.com is providing the biggest discount offer from the top most brands.so for what you our waiting for.
Want to know what classes to take Fall '09 - gotta wait till Jan. 29 now! Schedules are to be posted then - a delay of one more week!
Tomorrow I start another term. Thank God for the straight A's. It must be Him. I'm not that smart.
Open auditions for Hollywoods Top Voice competition tonight in Boogie Nights at 6pm...If you have a Top Voice we want to hear it. BOM
Next up: Prof. Oded Meyer to talk about blended learning models.
I just ordered online at Five Guysl!
That's what she said!!!!
Dear feet I am so sorry for being on you for 16 hours! Maybe someone will rube you😉 lover you
Me too. It's so hard to focus with the internet calling!
Get me out of here --this job
Leaving North Carolina in the a.m. holla @ me baby
Interested in the Online & Weekend Learning (OWL) program? Join the online information session on 3/30 from 12-1pm. RSVP to
S/O to my new followers!!! *M*A*G*I*C*
Thanks for the follow! I love the name so I'll follow you too :)
Mad Max
Absolutely nothing to do todayy. -__- what a great way to start spring break.
It's day 3 at event in Chicago. looking fwd to another powerful day of life changing activities.
But if it gets me in this band... ;-) RT : Don't think you'd catch or copping to "critic," though…
I just found you, and a bit too late! Do you only have one creative retreat a year??
#theawkwardmoment when drops a condom on the red carpet...
Portlanders tomorrow is your last day to vote YES for libraries!
Splinter sends a hearty hello. I'll head over to Oakland when you guys play them in April....
Man last nights game was crazy... I think this series is going to 7! What do you think?
Whose ready, I'm ready! :)
S/O to #ForeverFly supporter
Ha Charlie sheen roast is a classic
WOWOWOWOW. LMAO! RT : Snookie is pregnant? This calls for a fist pump, within the first trimester.
Walk away as if I don't care learn to shoulder my mistakes
iOS 5 may entice me to continue using an iPhone due to the fact I no longer need OS X or Windows OS to update the darn thing.
RT I have to appreciate that Snooki is at least doing her part to try and convince Santorum to change his stance on abortion.
RT : I feel like a freed slaved now that I've been doing all of this reading #quotes [ Amen, sister. ]
I think some of those teams will be turning those records around pretty quickly.
heading to Kroger soon so I can make some delicious butterbeer :)
OMG! The step and repeat!
"Up jumps the boogie. The boogie jumps me."
Interesting. We don't like California due to its emphasis on tofu and fake everything. I think you'd love Austin though!
Been crazy day, haven't commented on Nancy Keenan's announcement. I think I'm still in denial. Enjoy watching me go through stages of grief.
Big Congratulations!!!!!
hey feli you'll be in miami next week?
The ontological malaise of existence is always a nice starting point. ;-)
RT : RT : No shit Irene was a message from God, The message was "Climate change is real, you fucking idiots."
Nice job
GREAT sushi at #woknFire in Downtown Wheaton
persons with a developmental disability = talented, loving, kind, generous, thoughtful, compassionate, a hard worker who deserves a job
Good morning beautiful people! Hope you have a mind blowing Monday!! Get it! ~Natasha
I wish me and my dad were as close as we use to be ! We use to be bestfriends now we can't be in the same room with each other ! 😞💔👎😢
Come out to The Spelman College Department of Art presents "Free Thinkers" Senior Art Exhibition at 4:30 in the Suites Art Space....
you heard that? Lol
created cc videos to explain various Greek battles, turned out great & kids enjoyed. Critical thinking very evident.
Obama has not offered ANY clear spending cuts. All general BS. This guy is LA-A-ZY. adultwellness
Nah man, gotta be selective.
Working on a 15-20 page writing sample in case I apply to grad school. And taking a third class. Maybe research assistanting.
I've done so much good today I've got, like, a soul boner.
We will have a prize giveaway within the hour! Be sure to stay tuned!!! :)
Like seriously someone hashtagged unfollowwepraise1D and said "rot in hell" why because she didn't follow you? So what! Calm your tits guys
Best day in a long time :] Got excited for my trip to NYC, dance recital, and got red mango with my mom and <3
My mommy is taking me to get my nails done x
Night x (:
i been listing to alot of Spanish music :) paulina!!
im tired blahh school makes me tired!
that wasn't apart of brandy's image, and without that her resume still better rihanna's
have a blast brother!!
I feel ya on that.. that doe doe make me thonto!
Interview time...
If you thought the #NFLDraft was manly then you'll love this AM.
Boy: I want to work at the pancake house and I want to be a pharmacist cuz they make a lot of money.
Superhero Movie Quiz: Boyfriend Personality Match Quizzes | Teen ...
23 year old Tierrasanta murder suspect was determined mentally "gravely disabled" less than a year ago .
#weak I have a Cold
Happy Holidays from Carmona Pictures!!!
you've come a long way from cleaning meaty and mini horse poo. I'm proud to
stop talking to me
I just think you're terrific😘
well...they do look like little lettuces. lol
I can't believe I never read "Swan Song" before. This book is SO good.
Got damn that bitch was ugly
followed by a nap
hey i havent been on twitter for a while. do you think we write letters to each other saying whats going on in our lifes?
where's his pen and a pad?
thank you!
It is not question of protecting the environment, but how, for without a healthy earth mankind is doomed.
Come with me, we'll travel to infinite
Getting really excited for next week!
I use to want to be a model.. I think I can rip the runway..
OK, good, I'm still on TCM. Thought I might have bumped the remote and changed over to some OWS news footage.
I was eating grilled cheese then i bit my tongue! :( it hurts
I learned something. Thought I would share: Sympathy is the most powerful tool in any human interaction. It can save your life.
Well ending it was the only way to stop this madness, but this is the harder part.
I need a vacation to recover from my vacation.
I LOVE THAT.
i can't wait until tomorrow! so glad to have the next two days off :)
“Now that it’s all said and done, I can’t believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down.”
I'm from where we carry 4 5's like change for a 20... Cole world!!
We're talking self-defense this morning. When, exactly, does the law allow you to shoot? And should Ohio have SYG?
his hips don't lie...
i follow everyone
now I hope she remembers and changes her mind
Scale out block, without cache coherence, without intercluster network, but own NIC software, own initiator, own protocol = CORAID
Since my cousin works at Target I asked her to put flyers in the bags. So far off I printed out 400 and we ran out. :)
My sleep schedule is f*cked, as the kids would say.
Happy Birthday! You were such an inspiration while I was in school at
These braids are starting to itch O__o
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs dead at 56
Just heard the most romantic thing EVER, 2 young love birds planning to change their relationship status on Facebook at the same time! Puke
Aw no, that's no fun. 😨 I hope you feel better soon. 💗💙
totally agree!
Back to work in a few
Pimpin ain't easy but it's necessary
don't be jealous ;)
song=mouse trap, album=nowhere
“The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.” Albert Camus
I really don't wanna do this essay but i have to ughh. man -___-
Greensboro, NC... I'm sure you've been here before... :)
Cut the shit, be real with me. You're the only one I ever fucking judged.
Your Welcome, Still new to Twitter, however we get a lot from Facebook, using the reservation link on our page, saves 10%
I received my backpack last night. Awesome service and shipping. Thanks so much for helping make my college career more pleasant!
re: the OTHER thing in the Harvard memo on open access and library journals, what's a good study on the actual impact of pay-per-use model?
Dedicated volunteers, board member Steve Zimmer, and more: Sunday’s Volunteer Appreciation Brunch will inspire!
1. fucking a guy next to your best friend whiles she's high playing temple run
i see you with them lyirics :)
Great presentations in #JOUR4953 today from and great, in fact, I am up until 1:15 thinking about it!
On the radio with the fabulous Claudia Marshall this morning and will hang with til 1 at as we continue our friendraiser
Just finished a hook and verse for the homie Loc The Blacktopper
see y'all tonight at LUSTRE?!!!?
It seems that denial has become a hot vacation spot 4 me lately... #Time 2 come home
dinner at 'Anthony's Pier 4'...yum! Http://www.pier4.com
Voice lost, check. Can't feel my feet, check. Night one epic success.
That's the only one we know of at the moment. If you're patient, will probably build one at 3am one night soon.
Holding on to grudges is an ugly trait
Friends in Hawaii check out DJng tonight!
what do you do during the day after work? Your day must feel so long, having to get up at 4am.
Thank you so much! While we didn't take first place, it was still a great day. Check out our pictures below!
Seriously 90 out of 1000 applicants to reftourney and they pick these guys. For the better of the tourney those guys should be sent home
Yo, can you tweet me the link? I'm looking but I'm not sure I'm seeing the one you mean.
yep! Been in my head all morning. Btw: roll those confits please.
I never use Groupon on a date; Most escort services don't advertise there.
congrats on the win look forward to seeing you healthy next year GO PACK GO!!
is that okay for you? Cause I can't go tomorroww :/
Just called home to check in...ahh...when my boy says "mama" it is just the best...soon he might even be able to understand a video conf.
maroon jeeps are complete torture
Get outta my head. RT Glenn Close in a suit? And I don't think she brushed her hair :-/
writing a form based application for fun
Lectures today on the Civil War as background; and on origins of revolutionary Europe. Then se time in Butler's archives!
- bonus: is also on the twitters. :)
Good gravy! Have we got some sweet vendor applications! Better stay tuned, darlings!
All of that time and I didnt even do my hw.
My legs hurt from work, my back to, ugh. Rub meh down..
Maybe if I listen to AP Biology material all night, I'll subconsciously learn it all For the test tomorrow...hmm
hella yeah im good baby girl wassup with uu g i miss u like a bro lol and hell no we dont go
Just another day in my complicated life.....smh!!
Trail mix for dinner... I'll survive...
gotta go to the mall today. kill me
“: Crash reported at Hampden and Parker” plus the 2 on Parker road and Broncos Parkway
I'm officially jealous. Congrats!!
they're up now
oh, so u only b on twitter now wt bout facebook
My 1st #ALAyma about to begin. Very exciting!
It would be worth it though.
that old lady needs to die
follow us? We are the only Carrie & Lauren twitter!
Best News I have heard all day
And then, with a mixture of pride, disappointment, and lube, Santorum slid out of the race.
Wow - Pollen count at 9369 - the highest ever in Atlanta! I can even feel it.
I cant wait to move in wit him! Maybe ill be stress free for once!
RT RT : When life hands you lemons, you should take them back to get bacon instead.
have u followed me on instagram yet?
Tomorrow is the first outdoor Farmers Mkt of the season.
Morris Chestnut was an actor. 2pac was the real life "RICKY!!!!"
jaden follow me please:)
ran into some pageant girls this weekend, made me think of you!
I'm trying to follow you! Return the favor please? And you can follow my band here as well :]
I'm reading it before my F&H re-read. I think it will help a lot. Just read two Tam Lin picture books today for a base.
Seen my first snake of the year earlier. Gonna be a long summer.
almost as pretty as me
Mire than ever there's more room for commercial growth in DF. Looking @ you
what time is detention over ?
Thanks O'Shea! I appreciate you!
everyone has their own opinion...but you're talking about it which is what they wanted. And people still drink and drive on
Can I just have you already !
today is a perfect day for a puzzle
+1 RT Love this one! RT : Quote of the Day - Kindness, like a boomerang, always returns.
Congrats on the App Store Deal ;-D
Aw thank you love (:
I did leave it a while but that's because I'm intrinsically lazy, not because I had to.
after bar
Very welcome! It's been and continues to be alot of fun. So as long as it remains that way! 🙌 Cheers!
00063b Wed 21mar12 . Clock out 1830 . worked on Spool No. 002 - continued to stitch pink & yellow thread to exposed top
The Black Eyed Peas are the Kevin Bacon of
God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them
Dj Boo and the rnb group sensation Next gettin down at Kimballs carnival Oakland tonite
Nobody is going to stop me
I was happy they were able to come. Next time I got to get my older brothers to go with us
christian has better handwriting than me .. :o
In Flagstaff for the night. I love Arizona! Way better than New Mexico
Good morning :) The morning weather feels SO perfect ! But it's gonna get hecka hot in the afternoon :o
Feeling a little better today. (:
I don't want to think about packing this Thursday.
I agree
Wonder if many museums assume teens aren't interested in the first place. As a teen in suburbia, I wasn't aware/interested :(
English Lit can fook off, thats enough for one night, glad to say it's the last night of it too
Omg this day
Thanks for the follow!
I'm coming down with a cold. Just in time for my half marathon on Sunday. Lovely.
I wish the season were still as good
How To Manage Chronic Pain: Eat foods that heal. Boost your immune system by eating foods such as cayenne pepper, fruit rich in vitam...
Good morning(:
Hope to see at UK. Show him love UK ladies
Twas very nice to see you standing pain free last night. Now you can just get drunk for the joy of being drunk!
Hi everyone!
I sent that yesterday in the morning....didn't you get a notification?
Always glad to share info on ! How are you doing?
“: Love love love Maroon 5s new tune! #thevoice” totally agree and Adam is so hot!!
Thx for the tip! I'd love to visit for sure. If I have time, I'll check out the museum, too!
Time to stop watching the Olympics and start working on a guitar strap.
yeah ik I kinda figured :( but I'm happy for him :)
Welcome, to the cesspool of the social conscious!
good to see you guys!
4 Days away!!!! Its almost Here The Most talked about Event 2 hit Detroit in a Long Time Blezz Red Carpet Release Party Mandees Downtwn det!
Happy B Day Please RT PS I Sent You A Letter Today
This has been an alterately awful/amazing week. I wish it'd make up its mind; the bipolar swings are making me nauseous.
Got to get up and start therapy. Got to get stronger everyday right, and ?
If it was Rondo, the narrative would be lumping him together with Beckett saying "they don't get it".
At Buffalo State College watching my nephew Norman graduate with his Bachelors degree. Congratulations!
Estime & Irvin Associates seeking for Custodian for Pasco County. Please send resume to or call (727)851-6116
So many cool toys, so little time. #fun RT : Hank and I are unattended at Toys R Us. This could end badly.
3M is the gold standard in taking social insights to affect change across the entire company via
“First we make a small du’a—which is a prayer,” Sanah explained. “Then we must step into the hammam with our left foot first..."
I am APPALLED that EVERY DAY I have 3 new porn site following me. Back protecting my tweets.
oh god. What
good deal! Still working on getting stuff together :-) keep me posted on how it's going :-)
Watching The Vampire Diaries with Viggle Thu | 8PM | The CW Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Uh oh! I will put on my safety helmet just in case.
lol:) your welcome
Looks like South Beach affected the Miami Heat, not the Pacers!
Blushing! RT : I just want to burn all confidentiality agreements and posts pics so EVERYONE knows what a...
all is well in Chrome as well. Wonder if the upgrade to Firefox 6 caused a conflict 4 me anyway
So JB is October 4 in Rome?!
Editing P2 today. Been exactly a year since my last P2 edit.
uh lucky I don't know how to do ustreams??? Lol
I refuse 2 live a life that is not characterized by living supernaturally. Anything else is beneath my royal privilege.
Happy Mothers Gay
At least you're remembering. ;-)
RT B2B mktrs must know stakeholders influencers & create emotive connecting powerful content strategies
I once had to judge a tighty-whitey contest for Lambda Kappa Pi. Trust me, I can handle anything.
Thanks for the follow ! Don't forget to check out the #FreeArtGiveaway!
Ok, thanks.
awesome about your #foursquare obsession. This is the next step of understanding to #rule social media. #GoodForYou!
and single-handedy just made the chamber show a chamber show.
It's hard to be friends with exes on Facebook. Sometimes it's too much information both ways...
Ok. So I'm going to put up lots of pics and RT!!!
yeah cuz my eyes are irritated..
Take a look at our complete April Calendar now online!
last year, Anzac day march
Flow Me ! Plees & flow you! Cx
pissin on your ego is the jam!!!!
The Djs is fuckin wit us... Much Luv Dj Vdub on the placement for the new Dj Vdub mixtape.
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
Join us this Saturday at the Tifton Library with author Mary Kay Andrews!
put my lucky $1 coin in a meter today. Freaking out!!!
I can't hear you haters, I'm Chris Saaaaaling away
RULES cont: 3) Sweepstakes open to legal US residents 4) Void where prohibited 5) Deadline for entries is NOON on 3/27
performing with Cody Simpson today
keep me posted
Thanks for the RT today!
People in #Austin come by G&S lounge (Oltorf and S.1st) at 10:00 for a free encore premiere screening of the The Red, Black & Blonde
See so you know what it would be like lol.
sexy self....
400 CDs boxed and ready, emotional ties been holding me back, but time for a new long distance relationship with my discs!
Thank you for every follow, RT, encouraging word, audition opportunity, idea, telling my joke back to me. I appreciate it all! Thank you!
We're looking for student workers for the Fall semester. If interested, please email us your resume: email is hrc at princeton dot edu
Have anyone seen Dr.Oz show this afternoon? He had graphic scenes from operating rm of doctor changing a man's sex organs into a woman
#teamfollowback #iFollowBack #beliebershelpbeliebers follow us and we will follow you back! :) we love <3
song on fucken repeat !
Packed! And with 6.5 hours to go before the movers get here. Time for sleep. Tomorrow - pack food, pry open elevator door. Won't miss that.
Frustrated about the sound disaster at the Rock & Worship concert at Orleans last night. Several issues. Seemed like game playing to me.
Planet Tennis: Got out there before the rains today. First play since last weekend. No hitting partner solutions in sight yet.SuperOrnery ;(
sucks for the crew at work right now...I hope it wasn't too busy
Remember nobody is perfect; we all make bad decisions with the best intentions. We're only human.
HR to Lukas Foss on Fri at 6 in NYC in 1980's when I was BPO Choirmaster: “Why r u running?” Answer: “Rehearsal in Pittsburgh at 8” (!)
Contract Executive Recruiter for Excelacom. Must have exp recruiting sales and consulting exec's. Send resume:
It's hard to root for a thuggish cross-state rival, but GO KINGS! Make some history!!!
What the heck is crossfit and can I do it myself at the gym or it some type of class needing an instructor?
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS THERE IS!!!
Lo Pan loves green eyes so much he resorted to making them for replicants?
lol right. I think some fans take it to the extreme.
I'll give him that.
Never thought the day would come where I would rather NASCARs qualifying over PTI.
Me nd da bae made 2 months today. It may not seem long to y'all but dealin with me it's a miracle lol I <3 My bae
Abby gave that calendar to Michael before she died. She prepopulated "dates" in the New Year so he wouldn't forget.
I'd like to signup for an account :)
In a meeting today someone said, "They are knowledgeable" but I heard, "They play dodge ball". That would've made it a much better meeting.
lol well your saving women's lives everywhere, so they don't make the wrong decision on what to cover their breasts with.
I didn't like Rango for kids...too much adult content and too scary for little ones.
kay..thank you darls :)
At the fucking hospital. Feel like I'm in the world of Brazil. And I haven't got a 27B-6.
LIFE IS GOOD!!!
Watching Big East Tournament, Final: Teams TBA with Viggle Sat | 8PM | ESPN University HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just finished up at the ATL Celebrity Kids Fashion Show #Salute to everyone who showed support tonight.
you didn't know. It's better than Tai. And I thought nothing was better than that. The rice is so yummy!
Reading class has become an Accelerated Reading, Model Classroom. This is back to back Model Classrooms. Congrats
I've been saying this for a long time, when will someone listen???
i wanna see this video of when she broke her nose! thats odd that it was actually caught on video!
I choose 1215 ( magma carta), 1588 (defeat of Spanish Armada) and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution (varies).
we always love to have you lady. if you wanna work on some beer/cheese pairings let us know!
They have the sample of #newtwitter up to try. Does anyone know when the new format will go into effect?
In the Northern Hemisphere tonight? Look for Jupiter & Venus next to the crescent moon. Won't happen again until Dec. 18, 2052
GM All!
Yeah it's pretty mind blowing.
Cubs would pick up a huge chunk, if not almost all of Big Z's salary for 2012.Grow the arms is great in theory. But, Jo-Jo Reyes?
No wonder they have amazing figures-they're dancers. Go, dancers, go!
Thank you for the RT!
how about bad jockey on seasbiscuit? Good bet?
thanks for the link. I wouldn't mind watching a few films w/Portishead. I'd probably pass out from their badassery
Life is not merely to be alive, but to be well, according to Marcus Valerius Martial
Can't wait for spring break
Congrats to Jon Small from Middletown, RI for winning Premium Artist Sprays by Krylon during our Reader Appreciation Week!
R&B singers, Rock Stars & Rapper tell your friends to follow I talk about sells in the industry "making money" facts
TONIGHT!!! ALL TEENS NEED TO BE AT CLUB FUEGO FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT FOAM PARTY TO EVER HIT SAN ANTONIO! EXPECT OVER 1000 TEENS!
Can't wait to write about Davis's RE24 and WPA tomorrow as part of his platinum sombrero.
Previous tweet means that the ALADIN Catalog and myALADIN are down. Will let you know as soon as we hear from that they are back up.
lmaooo no I don't. You must be used to sleeping in the wilderness since you dont mind it being there lol
we've had it for years :)
please dont get annoyed with me, I must get more views on my youtube videos. www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes Thank you!! retweet!
good luck today holly!!
People wanna say we are under grace not under da law but u still have to TITHE -the TITHE is part of da law keep makin pastor rich ya dufus-
I've got an idea--an idea so smart that my head would explode if I even began to know what I'm talking about... lol
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
When u leave, take God with u
We're biased, but can anybody else help? RT : Does anyone have experience with or know someone who enjoyed it?
Thanks for passing along our hashtag!
welcome to 36 mate!
Lol.. we'll see you soon, good sir!
Getting a cuthair
Either that or I would have been chased out of the room. lol. As to the drínk, I like the way you think...but you knew that.
The eyes of the LORD are on the righteous and his ears are attentive to their cry; Psalm 34:15
lmao! I guess I understand ... I try not to hold it against you that you're a longhorn
any post-experience visitor evaluation for these projects? Wondering about the lines, how multiple people in the room affects visit
the iPhone should require a double click for links in Safari - single click makes content-dense sites like huffingtonpost impossible to use.
#bookaday DETECTIVE BLUE by Steve Metzger *****
Organized training doesn't always work, but tries to use webinars, brownbags, vendor sessions when possible.
Me Please!(:
WOOHOO! No more Yuni! RT #Brewers to sign SS Alex Gonzalez.
We have great penthouses & balcony suites! www.bluechipvegas.com
I was there. What a night. The energy was incredible.
Snap ya fangas do ya step. You can do it all by yo self let me see ya do it. Aye let me see ya do it. AYEE!!
In short...our pal is doomed!!! WAHHHHHH!!! LOL #lionking...one of my favs!!!
I am so flippin' frustrated w/ it's not even funny. I wouldn't be a Geeksquad customer, but it's my phone coverage ... blech.
Sue Clement, I can't wait for your free call!
omg no y did u do that!:(((don't go
While the selection is fantastic, that fact that it doesn't look like Napster-era Winamp is a continuous gift.
somehow my island and hawaii seem so different.
I was just jamming to that yesterday!
big things happen when you sign a strategic partnership with NBC. Polling FTW
"You can't project my problem onto all of mankind." --Jane Austen
Had a fun afternoon with the camera today. Will post the pics this week
- The defenses has some control over that also... get the offense into more 3 and outs...
right on, that is awesome.
Horny & Hungry? It's a beautiful day to skip work and come down to the Gold Club for $3 Beers & 50¢ Wings! Dakota & Rejiel are looking HOT!
even the #shbp is not dubstep free...
Thanks for stopping by tonight, sir!
The East Sea
You are going somewhere:) #supporting you forever, h8ers gonna h8 #MAHOMIES gunna LOVE
omg I'm going too!
That's an interesting concept. What are you putting on yours?
that's beast as hell
So when do you announce the new name of the winery? I'd re-brand ASAP (but that's just me).
Second straight turnover on downs.
I 2nd that. Go Packers. Yeah football is back.
Celebrating #NaturalBodyAppreciationDay by going shopping for skinny jeans ;) okay well i did that before I knew it was NBAD ;)
Thanksgiving in less than two weeks away, can't wait for all the deals
that's a big sombiatch
RT : Damn Romney knocked this out of the park. <-Have to admit - he did.
Happy Friday everyone!
This Monday we'll announce a celebrity who will be making an appearance on our 50th Episode! Let the speculation begin.
god ;), how bbout u cutie?
"Look at that he hit the bull. Guy gets a free steak!" RT Need radar for that. That shot didn't even know where it was going.
important for me too. Thinking about skipping sat. morn. sessions for on landscape infrastructure at GSD on
talking to my dad on the phone about him getting a passport and going to India...this is his life dream..
I've been presented w/ the most awesome dilemma ever... in the world! Another moment for all of my amazing friends to cross fingers. !!!!!
Great progress building the set. Turning out well. The actors played on the set for 3 hours yesterday. What fun!
“: I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me than to keep a "friend" whose mission is to put me down secretly.”
I want to win the
yeah has to be. I just get real creeped out by The House of the Undying guy. Haunts my dreams
Had a great time at#redrooster with my girls! What a treat to meet u after the Eric Benet event!
If u r going 2 b a "zone" team the 1st thing u need to address is how to play trans D into zone. It's the 1st place u will b vulnerable
Thoughts on the Underwood release? Surprised? Seems cold even for BB...
Ok ppl want me to tweet here is the start
Girl: "How was Coachella?" Guy: "It was okay."
Finding it very ironic that I have to write a cover letter as an assignment for class when I just wrote 5 real ones in 2 days.
The single life just ain't cuttin it no more #needlove Asap
Thanks to Spotify I just deleted my itunes library and freed up 10 gigs of space on my iphone.
what do you want me to bring?
Hugged a reporter yesterday. Still feel kinda dirty.
without me :(
Of course they are. Just like Best Buy and everything else that's stupid...
What a perfect day for enjoying the antipasti bar al fresco! See you all at 1pm.
three days til im finally not a teenager anymore.
I called you creepy
think ima go to the tracks in a few
I'll be at the matrix integration tech expo wednesday showing our digital signage/website solution with #businesscatalyst on 5x3 video wall
#Imagine Austin: Your eyes are Dangerous! Me: why? Austin: "cause they make me fall for you everytime i see you."
FB plays from 105 cappers posted with consensus now on both games going Friday and more to come..back later
Starting to get a headache. That means time to do some qigong and tai chi energy workout.
Interesting things on the horizon today! Stay tuned for news!
she said hey! :)
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. Nelson Mandela
Attention gamers! RPG, old school D&D, xBox 360! www.Areswargames.com is THE place in #ABQ to be! Another showcase site. COOL!
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. ~Ralph Emerson
Today in #JOUR4953 we talked about how a reporter's identity can affect the stories he or she covers.
So proud of myself :)
you know you're with when he knocks over a ketchup bottle at a diner and it shatters all over the floor
Thanks.. but I'll be back in the US.. But with them you are more then covered! :)
; good night twitter. :)
Wings make the best teams look childish. Rock on Detroit.
Until put up that offer, it felt like this was another get on #Sharktank as a way to boost sales on website.
Watching Rocky for the first time. This guy is kind of a loser. And Adrianne...geez.
Haha RT“: Adam Schefter tells you what the present is right before you unwrap it.”
Avengers comes out May 4th! I'm so there! Who else wants to go?
no problem
Sounds good to me!
(the other Noel in my team!), explains how #oracle #wem optimizes the online channel for #cx success:
I wish and could do commentary on every NBA playoffs game. That alone would make every game worth watching lmao
I say "sorry" a lot. Mostly because I feel like everything's my fault.
That would be family first...this is the icing!! Missing my boy!!
Still awake. Can't fall asleep -_-
Join Help local women meet hygiene needs. See flyer
RT Katie Flood would have beat all but one US pro and would have had a shot a top 5 at #NBIndoorGP - just sayin ;)
RT Hey looks like we'll be together on 's #BeerDiplomacy in March! Looking forward to it :)
Like I want to come home and the first thing I do is give my plant a big 'ol tree hug.
good riddance sir your a horrible influence to the great sports fans of northern California
man am fucken bored
arrived home, every portable device I own has dead batteries... I suspect there's a metaphor there somewhere.
When I was younger I used to put a ball under my shirt and claim I was pregnant.
my number may be on my Facebook page. Your hair and your eyes are so beautiful. You deserve very nice things.You deserve happiness.
Goodnight! Sleep tight!
Beautiful sunny morning. . . heading out to a quilt show.
Stop paying attention 2 the people who aren't trying 2 make an effort 2 be n ur life & start paying attention 2 the ones that are
Thanks for the follow, but who is this Rebekah chick?
Halfway through our contest almost 800 votes have been cast. Like this status if you've cast a vote.
dodgers bullpen takes a dump again
I just saw a girl wearing a high school basketball shirt I got at the thrift store. I'm guessing she was actually on the team.
omg lol! i love that dinosaur im like i want a stuffed animal reptar!!!! lol and their Halloween candy reptar w/green goop lol
i LOVE Boomerang!! I watched Johnny Bravo and Power Puff Girls and Teen Titans is next!!!! :D
I try
"Illusions Michael ..."
Definitely not economics RT : "All information should be free!" sounds like first year philosophy major.
it was really great hanging out tonight. Glad you could come to Detroit. Hope you come back soon!
Thanks! I really felt like Forrest Gump running across that bridge!
Im soo into paranormal state right nah!
basketball Anthony basketball although I have no doubt u would b great in baseball because tour awesome in everything u do
ok, two line pass -
don't hate!
yu still gotta look up 2 kiss me tho ;-)
can yu call me asap
right there with ya brother. Old and bald ftw lol
we need to do lunch!
Thanks for the mentions!
Duck n noodles never fail to impress me!.
class 530....reading
added you on fb too btw :)
Where do you drink the most coffee?... at home, at work, or in the car?
very happy birthday to my freng #SU super star Matthew Lottes.
just got asked where one could find high-waisted pants & my mind went blank. Last pair I got was from 4yrs ago
I want to know like 10 languages...just because.
I miss TLC...": RT : Today marks the 10th anniversary of Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopes' death. What happened to the rest of TLC?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , you're an awesome dude thanks for the chat yesterday...you and Jesse were really funny!
way to go! I predict you'll start to notice changes (how you feel & look) this week
He does call the jumbotron "God's TV"
It's a big, BIG advantage to know people in the biz. But there are actors who made it without that so...
I like not only to be loved, but to be told I am loved. ~ George Eliot
"You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures." Charles C. Noble
Ditto what Pete said. We still got to meet up Joe! :)
"CLAMZ"--license plate outside shipbottom shellfish
I would love to hear your version of "The Chauffeur"!
Hey! Looks like we're hosting some fine folks from today. Welcome, and happy #coworking!
Note to self: Two Oatmeal Creme Pies, Two Welch's Grape Sodas, McDonalds Caramel Frappe, and a Chicken Sandwich DO NOT MIX!
Thanks for taking time to follow...
hey beautiful
All about the bike situation...then we can ride out to the beach! :)
A2 I'm a planner (which is good because I'm a travel planner!)
monkees reruns are on tv. i used to watch these reruns... and hm.. get smart.. the brady bunch, three's company...
Million $ idea. Develop an app that kicks in at 12 every night so every time you send a text you get asked the question: "Are you sure?"
ERBODY GO FOLLOW MY BFF OK
ve u more den u love me aint afraid to say it, ur not my queen because queens are human queens make mistakes ur my angel becuz
My friend Kevin Sizemore is starring in "Redline", a thriller feature that went into production yesterday in Los Angeles.
Enjoyed this encouragement, thanks for sharing. Hope you're following me as well.
who r u?
Happy new year! Be safe!
Copy editing in dining room while mom's Brunswick stew bakes in oven. Snow on ground. Love my home.
Retweet if you're downtown!!!!
Ok... Sweden it is! I feel an entrepreneurial idea coming on... I think LA could use one of these
By April 27th I we be certified to work on nautral gas vehicles!
listen here m'lady i'm like a grizzly bear...i need my time to hibernate
RT : Looking for tips for 2yr anniversary #baconwrappeddates contest. Water, beer, singria to accompany?
Can't Stop Yawning... So Sleepy ...
Back to PHX tomorrow....good couple of days meeting with some quality people. I'm so lucky I am allowed to pursue the career I've chosen!
Tyler and I are almost back to Manhattan after a cute little jaunt on Jitney to the Hamptons! Feeling so waspy.
Ate at #Zocalo in Chicago! Fantastic and reasonably priced!
We derive more benefit from having our faults pointed out by our enemies than from hearing the opinions of friends. ~ Leonardo da Vinci
We could, it's the biggest mall with most options. If we go somewhere closer though, Mission Valley or Fashion, I can get a ride
Got my copy of the Metal & Hardcore book! Amazing book, a must own for everyone into heavy metal, and everyone who appreciates art!
follow me or retweet
A big welcome to the - just joined Twitter! Great NZ regional museum. Take a look!
Please follow us to help promote our high standard in telecoms customer service. Don't waste time being left on hold...You can talk to us!
When are you gong to roll through Denver???
Hi ! Sorry but I gave them away and kept 2 for myself. :s
“: you were eating alone?" Sure was. But the only awkward part was the baby-making music they were playing.
Sex ain't better than chicken
Im making the trip to Nola this Friday-Thursday. Grind the $350s and try to pick up 15 points
you okay beautiful?
Half of our newsroom is a few minutes away from uttering to a source "Yes, sorry. There's a marching band coming through the newsroom."
Getting a listing - working on open house info. - then off to work the night job at
what post-surgery? I thought the chemo was successful months ago? Wtf?
#NathanSmartFact he has one younger brother
A lunch entirely composed of side dishes.
thats what im thinking
So yeah. All these single people from our pre-baby life - not really working out. Drink, drink, club. Eesh.
"Cannabis is not an addictive substance. Less than 1 percent of marijuana consumers are daily users." - Ontario Justice J.F. McCart, 1997
its hot as hell in my house well all the way at the top
sorry, it actually was the first thing I thought of though.
My Dad made chicken marsala and cauliflower in balsamic vinaigrette for dinner... Yum
Come see Sean at Provenance Logan Square 3-6p for Languedoc wines and Vermont cheese (raclette!) tasting.
how do you overcome the 2k person following limit?
Happy New Year! Hope your 2012 is off to a great start. We'll be closed today and tomorrow, back at it on Tues.
CHump of the week Anyone in the Cubs Bullpin.
hopefully both
man i love country music on pandora... it's like they know exactly how I'm feeling and play the perfect song for my mood.
Today...not a single fuck shall be given
Brian Quick getting drafted early 2nd round? App State representing!
Gotta trick my mom into thinking that im actually sick just so I can hang out with my hoes <3
F. Major sanchez!
Oded Meyer: immediate & targeted feedback is key in online courses. Showing box plots example from stats course.
lol thanks so much!! =)
Fettuccine Bolognese for #lunch #downtown #today for $9. Mike's famous burger again for $12. Show us u follow= 10% off! Flawless victory.
Maybe , and friends would make one for Charlotte.
Take great care in managing your reputation and relationships - best asset
I need to finally get around to taking the GRE. My brain is itching for some new challenges...
Hasn't even taken off his glove yet.
Pandora shuffle to work by today: Dusty Springfield, Van Morrison, Eddie Vedder, John Prine, Diana Krall, Leonard Cohen, Cool Jazz
Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward. ~Soren Kierkegaard
"Monday" totally gets a bad rep from donkey punching "Sunday"...MONDAY Y U NO LIKE SUNDAY?!?
Pickled rhubarb. Discuss.
Man Dirk is clutch tonight
Twitter helps free kidnapped South African from trunk of his car
Life is full of moments where you feel like what the heck just happend??
thanks x)
I liked it. He basically turned The Knicks from one of the worst defensive teams in the league to a top-five one.
Down to Earth: Green opportunities abound in Massachusetts - Daily News Transcript
Sex, drugs & rock n' roll. Speed, weed & birth control. Life's a bitch and then you die. So f*ck the world & let's get high!
lmaooo ! Miss you girl
Fred Knapp Trio:Friday Jazz at Enso 4/8
I don't think Courtney should make fun of Kacie B's tiny ta-tas. She's no Anna Nicole afterall.
Joe might be able to use that for publicity. Hope he had some smelling salts and/or brandy on hand.
“: Hi, my name's Meagan, You might want to remember it now, because you'll be screaming it later!” OMFG LOL...
Sitting in effingham il today watching race, go Kyle
Yay! We're excited to have you back-long time no see!
ALL of us here in Chicago havent stopped voting for you guys! Does that deserve a follow?
You're free to call 'em whatever you like. To each their own.
This "old & broken" thing is never going away. I've been home for 2 weeks & my niece said to her mom "when I'm old & broken like auntie?"
Looks like a beautiful Wednesday -- warm and sunny. Be safe everyone and have a great day!
Cody calls you?
*Sitting up, the blood draining from my face* When was this?
Hey, thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!
and get Steve's Deli for lunch!!! We are!!! (ordering in)
how did it go down?
Hey it's Scout. Want to check in with you kids. Is this thing on?
In this day and age risk management is important and will become more so in anything we do or say!!!
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for HS athletes w disabilities in MI! LetEmPlay.us
what is this???
come visit us soon and talk marketing with me :)
somehow he got my # and he is texting me. He asked if I was looking for a bf and said he was gonna ask me out. .
Next week is Spring Break but all residence halls remain open! All University offices will be open normal hours as well.
Madden Curse = regression toward the mean. It's statistics!
Saturday Night Resident Dj Phillip Goyette It’s completely free and completely fun. 10pm – Last Call
From Middleton PD: The intersection of Parmenter & Elmwood is closed due to an injury accident. Will reopen in about 25 minutes.
Barcelona are always trying to cheat
Looking forward to meeting the students tonight for a discussion about non-profit PR w/
cont...I love ya broseph! With God everything will be A Okay! :) :)
This guy is funny. Go see him RT : I will be performing in Denver next weekend. For tickets click here...www.comedyworks.com/
I would LOVE to be the lucky one!
I do, I do, pick me!
I can't come in to work today. The muffler bearings have gone out on my van.
I got too much class!
Yeah I never bought it. Just tried it out.
Al those hours and 1/2 a song?
Can. Not. Wait. RT : Who's excited about the #HeatWave coming this week!!
I had bad coffee yesterday and thought of you. Tasted like aids.
yeah, omg this is looking so good!! 👍
Ran out of milk for my coffee so I put in ice cream. Been holding my arm up for 30 minutes waiting for Jesus to high-five me.
No WM yet. Probably gonna get the replay sometime this week. Raw was sick. Can't wait to see where they go with Lesnar
Dude I forgot to send yours. Hahah I was out of envelopes. I'll get on that! Or just wait for the next one (:
haha phones....displays :)
This is their 7th studio album. Who knew?
because they can put on their best face and pose and they know it's gonna come out somewhat descent.
Kobe...Derek Freakin Fisher is defending you. Score.
I will be!!
9/24/1942: 900 Jews from Aleksandrja, Ukraine, ghetto were murdered. Judenrat forced to put their clothes on trucks then were murdered
I don't find cigarettes addicting, so I don't believe anyone has an excuse to not be able to quit smoking other than them not wanting to.
That's how we make the internets.
sir charles ftw
Can you follow me?<3
at the Plainfield one!? No way!!! I'll be there from 4-9!
two more top 100 comscore publishers now live for demand partners
haha! We were such weird kids
Did you see the trailer for that shirtless Zac Efron movie? Saw "The Vow" yest. & immediately added that to my "must see" list
great weather for a run down to Farragut North and back to Van Ness
Ive decided im just gunna let this final rape me.
My apologies if you received any spam tweets as our account was hacked and just reset our passwords. MAM5ive is back in 2012.
So depressed..wish my dad was here...he always knew how to make things better
That is so great! What are some of the newest songs you have learned?
You make no sence!
that's not happening
Watching #ProjectRunway ! Should be an intense episode ..
I really don't know :0
Dam I'm ready 2 c avengers lol ima kid at heart
It's Hockey Time!
I went thru grad school, pastored a new church plant and worked. You do it 1 day @ a time. I will pray God's grace on U
LAST TEEN WOLF I REALLY WANT TO WATCH IT BUT HAVE TO ASK MY PERANTS IF I CAN STAY UP TILL 10 CUZ GOT TO GO TO SKEWL TOMARROW WISH ME LUCK
I miss you girlfran. Can we hangout before you move to Ky?! lol
Still looking for a Wedding Photographer in New Mexico? Email me at Thank you and have a wonderful week!!! www.awpnm.com
says Jan. 20, 2009 and I believe them.
#NowPlaying Art Pepper's "Blues for Blanche", for his favorite cat. Complete..Ronnie Scott's 1980. "..into cats, cause that's where it's at"
thanks so much...what a cool picture!
I need to remove the word "probably" and the word "so" from my vocabulary.
good way of putting it. Are guys really personified by that European slacker dude/idiot?
I Love him. X
What has been your most popular dish to serve at holiday parties this year?
Aigoo! I've heard about that. :"( It might make me sad because he's my ultimate Bias.
But WHAT will you learn ... AAAAHHHHHHAAHAHahahahah
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!!
lol. Nope. I am a JUNIOR...So people that know my dad just started calling me that.
and me?
Judge Payne: "We need our workers to do their work in real time, so that our data is real time. Then we can make smart decisions."
Don't fear the unknown. Accept it.
Not having fun today...
RT Not sure why everyone is surprised. The groundhog told us about this last week.
So impressed by Mary J Blige "Rock of Ages" solo on #DWTS - did not ev en recognize her at first - cannot wait to see this film!
We are bus comrades!
Happy New Year!!!!
Can u follow back?
Great. I will email him right now.
Move it or lose it.
#ItsAwkwardWhen a person with perfect hair says thier hair looks like a mess
My leeedo sister: "Finish all your homework today so you can spend the rest of spring break with me." Gahhhh, I love her. n_____n <3
Going to pick up my #pokemonbattleroyal prints from !
Hanging out with Rachael at Eastfield College.
TUESDAY..GO DIE!
No, I probably should. I figured out it's allergies. But I'm having chest pains and earaches. It sucks.
I'm 1st in ERA & WHIP, yet I've lost a few of those. Suggests I'm getting a bit unlucky. This week I turn out around!!
That'll fix it. RT : viewer tells me she's rallied "a group of gays"; they're descending on the #coleg in red capes
FOOD IS AMAZING :)
Maggie takes Angel, with whom she shares custody, and they hit the road toward Baja.
Correct Butch! The close is the EASIEST part of the sales process--IF you've done everything else correct up to that point.
I'm so glad I'm not alone in this. And FYI, your and commentary has been amazing.
My friend was bragging about having sex with his teacher but he is home schooled
I miss being best friends with you.
I don't wanna get rid of my kitty :(
Rest In Peace Dick Clark
Just walked into to hear Margin Walker
Awesome photo Michelle!
I CANT DEAL. I CANT DEAL. I CANT DEAL.
True. Wish we had the pop up piano programs like they have in NYC!
I'm always so confused when I wake up.
About to go back to sleep finally;
We hanging out the window, man it's bout to be a Suge Night!
Looking for an Arsenal fan to write a regular blog on my site. If interested, email brad(at)soccertools(dot)com
"If you dont stand for something-" Dont finish that quote or ill kick you in the balls
Only reason why I check twitter is to read 's tweets. So quality.
Where are you shopping for eco-friendly and handmade gifts this year?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ♥ WE LOE YOU
well then maybe the stakes should be higher!!
Puppy just bit one of the girls
Wet Dirt for the win.
Hey I feel like butter and I'm on a roll!!! o.k. I know.. Enough with the stupid jokes!LOL
I don't think George Zimmerman will ever have peace in his life either in out out of jail
Taylor Swift - Fearless - 05:06 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I hope you do the right thing and oppose SOPA and PIPA
Ozzie Guillen returns to the Marlins tonight after his suspension for pro-Castro comments. They face Starlin Castro and the Cubs
Finally finished moving. Hope I don't have to move again for a very long time.
thats how i feel about it lol
Romo come on man when does it get old. "My team put us in a position to win. I lost the game. I have to get it fixed. I will do better."
This is one of those rare humor 9/11 stories...
How does it feel ???
No Matter What It Is You Can Talk To Me yOUR My Brother Im Here For YOU Kid
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(: (: <3
#077 both mikey ! :D
one day soon! It will be epic! :)
Great documentary on Jesse Owens on PBS.
LEADERS LEARN - Getting ready to attend International conference of ASTD today. 4 days of learning and networking
Just made the switch to apple from windows.
Bring in Triple H, it would be more entertaining
Wreckin like a Texan
Happy Easter Stroman family!
not even going to be close. BSU got screwed getting put into this game against ASU. I just hope THEY come ready to play.
Uploading my video that was SUPPOSED to be for 's birthday, lol. I'm a month late. But better now than never. :P
I'm so hungry!! foooddd
Wish I knew this awhile back when I purchased all the ebooks. It's okay, though. I may reread.
is it time to make judgements about prince and his 0fer series against Oakland?
A misty moisty morning
GROOVES is setting up the 9 O'Clock Hit Mix! Any requests?
I still don't understand how Bynum only has 8 boards tho....
Finally renewed my ALA membership. Getting that student price in while I still can!
Confucius say... Boy who go to bed with sex problem on mind...wakes up with solution in hand.
It really bothers me how girls are such bitches to eachother. Grow the fuck up all of you
Good morning tweethearts! We have only just started our day but already looking forward to Vinyasa tonight- what does your day look like?
that's singing and rapping the first verse. I'm on the second verse. he made the beat too
RT : Still need a summer internship? I'm looking for an intern who can dish it out in SEO, Social Media & Analytics. Please RT!
Thank you for the wonderful card! That was so nice.
Lunch Break ! Join us for a groundbreaking portrayal of gender, identity, and the unswerving bond of twinship despite transformation.
HAPPY 18TH BIRTHDAY TO !!!!!! <3 <3 <3 i love you doll face!!!
God damn I just killed that shit
So tonight on the #bachelor the girls get offered a night in the fantasy suite. Courtney will be on that like a duck on a june bug.
The awkward moment when you find out you've been pregnant for 3 months...
oh yeah!!! its monday
your welcome.
Feels like fall outside this morn ahh I love it :-)
Its so awkward when the guy next to you oon the subway keeps almost falling asleep on you
its tammy and yea thats fine just whistle? i guess or call me 2012417196
great prenatal yoga class as usual!
Friend: What time Austin Mahone was born? Me: 10:14 am. Friend: What time were you born? Me: Hold on, I have to ask my mom.
love it! Shane and Marcus rock!
Maybe while is at Lollapalooza the can snag them for a MKE date.
From Stranded movie: Above all, we had a strong sense of unity. This solidarity emerged ... because it was necessary in order to survive.
#TMI tweet of the day: email completely hijacked by #RoadToSisWedding *sigh*
Ya bitch is wack she use to be my
Lets see if stepmom wants to take me shopping later>>>
Guess who has appliances AND a kitchen floor?! Oh. Probably everyone reading this tweet.
Errbofy knows Sean Howard does not gang bang.
Matt: "I'm at Nicolatrtolis right now and uh...I'm over hearing some interesting convos."
Thing is, it's not always a great idea to tweet while writing papers (cuz your brain is all weird), esp when your committee follows you.
Jeff Jimerson will be singing the National Anthem tonight at the Pens game! Contact us to book Jeff Jimerson & Airborne for your next event!
RT : RT : RT : After fixing and testing our system, Looks like will launch in a week!...
Unprofessionalism, bad communication skills
Happy Mother's Day to my mumsy and all the mum's out there. I am in no way prepared to raise a human person, so you're all pretty awesome
Told my parents about #smash. Now they're making me watch the pilot with them.
In New York? I cant believe it!!! MT : Exclusive: LI businesses sue gym for excessive noise from crashing and clanging weights
Making people blush. That's what we do here on YOBI Live. :D
San Diego hotties all the way!
Bingo! : i don't wanna sound ungrateful, but...useless/duplicate #wedding gifts are annoying. use the #registry people!
I'm in a love/hate relationship with Costco. Love it, but SO busy! People are pricks too, I should just start throwing haymakers
The House Committee Holds a Hearing on Strengthening the Borders
we all got issues dat need 2 B tackle whitney had plenty friends in the industry where were they when she needed help strangers in the shade
neglect's harder to detect & respond to than attacks. NPOs diminish without protest. Remember the frog in boiling water?
Make no mistake media controls your destiny, tred carefully in the infrastructure of this ideological system.
Do a column on David West. Maligned for taking a big deal by some. He lets his game do the talking. Double-Double machine.
Applause decibels x length of time clapping = Steal my Idea presentation score. This is cool!
Did you know the heart is shaped like a CONE...not a "heart"? hahahahaha!
#Syracuse and #Louisville with the win. Let's go #Bearcats and #marqutte. Go
#NowPlaying: Set me on Fire by
Hawks game. Great seats. Fabulous company.
Icon changed to something more "Christmas-ish" :)
Watching this fight. I love boxing.
Wave if you see the car in downtown Indy. We want these #superbowl fans K-LOVIN us!
Toney Douglas 6-18 tonight. This guy continues to shoot like shit. Pathetic.
Steve Blake sucks.
#ItSeemsLike everyone forgot about me.
I know she'll call back
I propose that all of us stop using our cars and trucks so that we can start using horses. I hope that hay is much cheaper than gasoline.
Thumbin threw that check
OMG come down with diarrhea. You need to go!
Bored at work? Check out and follow - Why because you love me!
Good luck to you from all of us at WD!
I love when Liz comes to New York. it makes me so happy asdfghjdkalhal. :*
and he wanted to stop talking to her nice try again.
The #MrTerrific solo #comics series is gone, but I suppose it existed because if done right DC wanted a #TomStrong & #DocSavage substitute.
The last 3 days brought many memories and laughs. 💙 Was quite an experience - I'll never forget it.
‎"Nothing works out according to plan, but it always works out." - local motto in Chihuahua, Mexico, via
Its def way to early in my life to make that kind of commitment and be tied down like that
Rather be at the gym than working right now
I would #sculpt it. A few month to build a snow village. I would never come in out if the snow!
i think that means you both got sloppy seconds :|
I'm pretty sure you've had the most eventful host family experience out of all of us (oh no, I just used past tense!)
✔ Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift ✈ {link--------------
no :( well i'll be home in 2 weeks so lets hang out like every day
Congrats to and Val! Had a blast working with both of you and Lori , you rock!
Follow me please! I love you so much♥
And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.
That's what it should, you should love the person that makes you feel happy that you're alive.
yeah it is a peaceful little town
We heading to the top, if you comin' come on...
Happy New Year! I learn a lot from reading your tweets.
He is like one of my best friends.
AWW TOO BADD ME AND SiS iN-LAW WONT GRADUATE TOGETHER -.-
Great session on managing up! Thanks Lora, Kelly, and Andreas!
I would tweet more often if I thought anyone was reading this
I always love the pictures that you post. :)
Done with the #pooptweets for a bit. Cuddle anyone? I just showered, so I'm clean.
Fun Fact: There was once a roundabout in the intersection of Wilshire and Western. It did not last long.
Smiles smiles smiles! :)))))))
either there's something wrong with me for wanting such treats for breakfast or it's a start to a perfect day!
Yeah but its like they are inventing holy text that doesn't exist! What's next? Jesus condemned video games and pot??
and their music is the only thing that can get me through a shitty day!
October 1st...this bitch is getting crazy!!
Usually the color of the porcelain tile carries through the whole tile.
you to ask you how you were doing, how you were, & 2 take care because I saw this movie that I thought was going to be happy but
Brady offensive player of the year. Not at all shocking
You know the worst lines come at the best times. <3
Happy Daddys and Jonas LA Day! XD
i just said its NOT based off tonights performance. Guy just doesnt have the "it" factor.
Seriously... those w/o health insurance & have to rely on the county hospital for mental health needs suffer. Not enough docs to go around.
I think I'm just going to do a free write today on one #script and then scene cards on another!
work school work work school and then I'm just so exhausted
Check out RX at Primary Stages. Great and simple.
We closed on Mondays. Sowwy :(
I've been trying to figure out what I need Twitter for...thanks. :)
well it couldn't be in The car the whole time!
My cousin's watching twilight in my room... And in Spanish.... Well there's an exit over there.
hey whaats up
cracks me up, and I love him!
2012 right around the corner man!
Ok this really upsets me.
You just try to make everything complicated don't you? That would just confuse me...
I have a feeling that today's gonna be a great day.
If you were to look at who I follow, you will get the most skewed perception of who I am as a person. Lol.
Still up
Shoutout to the BLACKBERRY USERS on my TL! They just keep quite. Lol
DID YOU SEE THAT BRUH!!!!
Love this collective effort to help non-profits! I just referred you to a new rescue in Chicago!
Just need to spend the day relaxing in the sun!
ACCOUNTS ASST £15K A motivated team player with strong accounts experience. With ledger, credit control, bank reconciliation, payroll and V…
Happy Birthday! I hope is a great one!
its hard to tweet when somehow gets mad that a jobless person has time for social networking
Every time i get a follower on twitter, i spare a life and let a child out of my basement.
Amazed how some nights can end up. Don't know what to think. I think I need a good nap and though process tonight
In your face Elton john , keep talking shit..
When you're overwhelmed you miss the details
