won Road to Bonnaroo last night at the Mercy Lounge!
May you have a fantastic Monday brilliant one. We will talk this week. Look up, good things are in store.
Tweeting at yourself huh?! “: : It takes self control I have to not buy the 50% off Easter candy isle at the store.”
Thanks but i'm not a snob or a hoe. I promise. I've got lots of people who would disagree with you. Nice comeback. Seriously? /:
oh fuck that. I won't even let Saul dribble a ball Til 830!
Thanks for a great evening out and amazing Roof Top Tour!
It's funny, because the people i look up to the most, don't care. although I thrive to be them.
It's time for a vacation! Countdown to FI.....
Thank you! Loving it already!
Sullinger is great, but he is no Elton Brand. He may be next year.
Don't you hate when your so hungry ,you can't wait for the your food to cool. LOL!
Who is the world's greatest yodeler?
Off to #CES tomorrow morning. Bags packed and hardware ready. #ZOMM here we come!
This looks more like the little league world series...errors after errors
High of 84 today and sunny... Perfection!
I feel like every iconiac is going to f21 and buying the "iconic love" shirt hahah
Not the beat way to start a Monday.
Don't you just hate when people act immature?
#escaperoutes is a pioneer of
I will try it but don't be surprised if I blame it on you later lol.
Alexandra Burke - Elephant
Rest in peace Don Cornelius. Taught me how to dance. DC, it's your turn to join the Soul Train Dance Line. #soul train
Thanks for the rt ! Will you be there?
there'll be 21 more by the end of the month. I'm going to be a #cake expert!
Ok, thank ya =]
imagine if there was no such thing as a reflection off something or cameras :s
No buzzkilled, I wish everyone could be in #Hamtramck today. I'll put one down for you and the others that cannot make it.
I'm very sorry. The state of email is very very frustrating )-:
ah, my most prolific inventions are made on the 'weapon of ass reduction' as well.
I don't know how many times I have to say it: players know the risk of playing in the NFL. If you don't like it, watch figure skating.
Thanks for follow. Can't wait to get back to Seattle and check out some of these great acts with you.
#itsawkward somebody lets you hear their music and you gotta act like that shit is tight. or find something you like about it
Buy me a shot
Wow you are clockwork! RT : Welcome to the #LATISM party, your fave night of the week!
is this factual? Lmao
Watching soul plane its hilarious ☺
On the Ave: Drunk girl "what if I was a man?!" Drunk guy to me "very nice"
Can't wait I absolutely love LOVE your videos
I love owl city's albums
Watching Brewmasters. Much love to
Checkout my facebook and twitter pages. Follow and like I look forward to the connections.
Isn't Manny Parra also a good hitter, for a pitcher? Why risk a Zack Greinke injury in that situation?
where did you eat brunch at? I live that area of town.
This Saturday, 28th from 4-7 come come help decorate signs for the #Cannabis Freedom #March! There will be snacks and beverages!
has quit looking for the perfect guy. It's kind of pointless looking for something that doesn't exist...
“: What's the opinion of #superbowl ads so far? Only Budweiser tapping #socialmedia in their ad” Hyundai cheetah wins my vote.
I moment wen you realized you can do so much better.....
What are u trying to cook? don't burn the house down.
excited to move out of my dorm today... i just don't wanna have to move back home.
I have become a regular at this bar. I'm embarrassed of myself.
Reply or Retweet if you'll be at ALA MW this weekend! Hope to see you all at Brodart's booth number 2321! See you in Dallas!
good times this weekend. a much needed break. it seems like the last year was in a lot of ways just the preparation. now to work.
Big Ques. What r diffs betn SM and "participatory culture" Are related but not identical. Yes?
Thanks for the shout-out! We're super pumped about our undergraduates' incredible work.
hey Al you tweet many of the same questions, like coach, players like AAU better, players parents are going to like scholarship
Follow me please?:)Thanks
watching CSI (I'm Eastern area) great!!! Its amazing!!! I have a greater appreciation for the Deaf Community!! Thanks
I have a feeling some of the pictures from the party tonight will be epic!
North country brewing now offering 10% off for members
How are you guys/gals seeing Prometheus? I'm leaning towards an IMAX 3D screening. No, I'm not press.
Buck Island Farm has Vidalias, tomatoes, squash and zucchini, eggplant, red and sweet potatoes and more. Fill your fridge with VA GROWN!
Isnt it funny how the word "Biebliber" sounds like u believe in something Mythical or Magical... :)) LOVE YAH !!!
love you body but i liiiiiiiikeeeeeeeeeee you smile <3
RT : Those interested in the NY #DigitalHealth #Accelerator - be sure to join the tomorrow live at 5:15pm ET. Hashtag =
Didn't go help guard because my dad promised to start early with breakfast and get motor in. He is still #sleeping #wtf!!!!
good luck with the show! Can't wait to see the new Brazilian talent.
WHY are flights to the east coast so expensive?!
But, he was recruited to play football at Southern Cal.
Awesome. May check it out. Had trouble seeing clearly in the Beta and was a little jerky. If trully cleaned and improved, +++
YAYYYYYY!!! So exciting!! And so close to graduating!!
Just pulled the audio broadcaster Spiro Dedes repeated Jeremy Lin ESPN phrase before end of game last night on MSG. Can't belive it
OH: Here is the answer to your question.
there is a master grill class thurs may 12th going to be fun!
We decided to forgo #sxsw this year! Are you headed out there?
We have tickets for the ABEL show Sunday October 17th for $10 let us know if you wanna go!
tomorrow should be a good day :D i cant wait till this weekend time to do me alittle shopping!
it's kool
FACT: Miss America is a Mary Kay beauty consultant.
BabyDolls Twitter is
Wish I were running with you tomorrow. I have been off for too long.
With more than 500 #UWsocial accounts across campus guidelines, standards and best practices are crucial!
ugh shake my head .
Were I very rich, what difference would it make? I am what I am. What else can I be? I am neither rich nor poor, I am myself. That's
is that the side project you've been working on?
Working on scripting out "The Old Man's Picks" for the upcoming NFL season. This year the picks will be filmed, should be fun!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 11
It was a cold but great day at kickball. Now its time for Hamptons- INside.
Do you mean it will become an actual threat, or a really funny threat? Or both?
#DanceMusic Cheap adobe cs4 master collection mac - DOWNLOAD computer software
RT "i just need somebody to love"*stars dancing to j bieb
That is so yesterday ^.^
Jake Scott: Ultimate connector: astrophysicist, nuclear engineer, radiation oncologist, cancer theoretician, mathematician. He's 36.
Marshalls mirrors- forever pointing out flaws you didn't know previously existed whilst simultaneously lowering your self-esteem~
love the show bro! I never miss an episode! You and your dad slayin those gators!
lol I get it
ooh wee! Stand the fuck up!
Yep Yep #mojo flowing!
just say #cgbb thank u :)
Finally on Twitter. It'll take me awhile to figure everything out, but I gotta stay informed! Hope everyone is doing well.
it's good cross training for #NYCM come on, you know you want to!
To whoever was driving that Red Silverado, today clearly wasn't your day.
Sometimes things are really goddamn awesome, then you wonder if anything that good will ever happen to you again, and you are sad.
hopefully one day!!! :) xo
You are my tragedy.
that's what's up
RT : Google C3 Car Club and see what pops up! They're on the map!!!! RETWEET!!!!
Reminder We are having Mall Fall Fair 9/25-26. Chapel H Mall Also Oct & Nov. Space available Call me 440-1745 It doesn't have to be a craft.
Don't forget to come to the VLP tonight from 7-9 for 2nd Wednesdays. Margaret Brent of Maryland- a living history presentation!
On the real this show is gonna be bananas tonight
I sure hope so since it's going to be our last year
Lol, Tank kinda downplayed just how hard he went in on BMac, but I thought his response was cool.
Happy birthday from Spinelli and the class.. lol
Congrats to for finally joining twitter ! The Voice of the WWE now tweets !
Thanks Hannah for RTing!
See you tomorrow at 6pm for #MMA #Conditioning . #Effective #Dallas #Fitness #Alternative www.MMACondition.com
In queens with my sis Sammy stam da boss
Enjoy your new home!!
Literally HATE calculus so much ... Wine wednesday is definitely going to be starting early today
I'd be scared if u cld read my mind!!! LOL
Kaitlyn just got a Fender Rhodes! Congratulations, you finally got a big gurl piano :)
Too early to step out on the ledge, my man.
_!|.+| COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
he is my strength he fought his whole life he's my inspiration
There will eventually b sun; keep ur home cool & comfortable when it arrives! RT & make a free Energy Advocate appt! www.smartenergypays.com
6 more followers??
Howard University Freshman studying accounting and I'm a DOER!
o huh bruh,,what been good though son
I should be getting ready 4 work; AM Joe annoyed me so much I had 2 stop & tweet. So good to hear fr u this AM. Enjoy ur day!
when r u comin back to NYC?? I wanna meet u so bad!! <3
Thank you!!! Hes my baby with fur. Lol! :-) Very proud mother! :-)
Can we get on the track together???
these two are my favorites and i think they know it lol lol
Summer school starts tomorrow... Fuck... Morning P.T. To start off my bad day tomorrow at 0400
I could seriously go on and on about how awful Snow White is!
' I Put Your Picture Away, Sat Down And Cried Today '
what am I soposted to do
Got 2 new tri-pods today for my HD camera!Super juiced to get out and film this week!
Im not HAPPY!!! Its Mother day weekend and need 2 Be treated like a Queen...
What gives you hope?
feel free to send over recommendations to help with my withdrawal!
I heard the local paper has it out for jcpl and gave them lots of bad press.
Sixers getting schooled so far. Looking rusty out of the gate....
pop quiz (-___-)
Let's Go Defense!!
That #Knicks #Celtics game looked like I should have watched it. JR Smith with 25, Steve Novak going 8-10 from 3 and a Trip Dub from melo
I have all that I have because I am.
Ginger cake with stout. yum. well worth the clove-scented coffee from grinding spices in the coffee grinder.
I hope you got on the peppercorn gravy skillet taters... M M good
Solyndra — with $535-mil federal loan guarantee — filed for bankruptcy....the 3rd U.S. solar company to seek protection in the past month.
It sounds like everyone had fun at WI GOP State Convention this year. Wish I could have been there.
We’re sponsoring the “One Simple Goal” program at #PLA2012. Learn more about our products at Booth No. 1017
What a beautiful colorado day spent out on.the golf course
RT : The Creative Class, Post-industrialism & the Happiness of Nations - Cambridge Journal of Regions, Economy & Society...
Goodnight cruel world my nightmares shall be filled with the likes of thee
I Hate Cockiness.... So Unattractive.
I'll have it by tomorrow
Cool idea!
Durn ... may have to do Spinning certification in Miami this year. Fun, but lousy ROI.
B (watching regardless)
Is this the iBook version of Stage 13, or is it something else?
On my way to #srir11 in #NOLA, lots of exciting stuff to look forward to, I'll be tweeting thoughts and pics from follow along!
I think I've only seen 2 people from school all holidays! Loner!.
I do what I can
Started some fun on our Facebook page yesterday. Each day, a member of our company will post a favorite clip www.Facebook.com/concertopera
To live or to survive?
"Yo, Ya man Christian is a cake boy"
Great picture. You looked great
Good work. Why are you wearing a Bills helmet? Hope you're not going there, stay with the Pack!
of course
Shows cancelled while we take a brief hiatus.
ALERT: RT : LAPD ticketing bikes at Jefferson and McClintock.
lmaoooo ahaha my fault she was looking too though
It wasn't the same Steve Francis ...
thx u! Always need that. (big hug)
Why what's so special??
Everyone have a awesome weekend and welcome to all of my new directs
Cool! MT : Crazy!! Just got off the phone w/ someone at the for ! Plz keep your fingers crossed!
yeah, it's really just starting to grow cuz now theres 40-50 year old Wu fans & Jay is gettin up there.
good thing we have a social media expert at the house! I definitely need some lessons! #socialmediafail :)
Ok thanks xx
Hannah Montana the movie is coming up..
Goodnight peeps!
Twitter is just like a diary<3
can you post a tweet of the interview when you're done please?
Why does Veras still have a Pirates uniform?
Look at sign, laugh, hope it really bothers the weasel, then go on enjoying the game!!!
.: "Our ability to contemplate the dying process has profound implications."
RATED NEXT GENERATION.
Awesome RT : Im 20 years old Watch the show, go to Spelman College started my own lucrative business admire yal :)
Calm all the theatrics down, Royce & Tammy. I need to turn, these women annoy me. Reality shows are just brutal, I miss 'A Different World'.
ooh, looks cool. i'll have to follow along on Twitter and see what's going on.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
Do they really serve burgers in Transylvania?Very rare-ly.
:' ( we are going to get meds... and if i can't sleep. might go to the ER.
Hey Jonathan, sounds great! Let us know if we can help. Luke () would love to connect with you about this.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-45
You found me out.
curious how that spike integrates w/ the dynamic pricing you guys do.
no way my bff wont do that!
- Ryan Gosling waited for me to start watching The Wire on Netflix
...i breathe music....i bleed notes...my fingers are magic...my music comes from my heart and soul..
My first experience: amaze balls! Thanks to our driver, Papa!
watching lion king!! :)
what time do we have to be there tonight? I have a shitty memory
Easy add: incorp. HOW to share books along w/ titles in your booklists you already do
Noted. Thank you
Newman/Haas Racing has withdrawn its entry from the Indianapolis 500, increasing doubts that there will be 33 cars for this year's field.
There ain't nothin in the world like an 8-1-chick
i gotta bring my dog to the club because im trying to bring some chicks home
#myfavoriteartist is , obviously
The funny thing about this Tweet is that it says nothing and by the time you've finished reading it, it will be too late to stop
Welcome to the Industrial Information Age, with the pipes, pumps and repetitions of daily duties more subtle...and all the more insidious.
I was at the lake Sat night, no phone service, but they didn't come through after though.
What would it look like if the #Brewers actually tried to lose to the Cardinals every time they played?
Good Shabbos everyone. See you at the Lag B'omer BBQ. Join us - more info at www.Chabadga.com
row GA4* Section GA*
im always drinking one haha
People love to hear themselves tlk...loll...
So is tanned, fit Frank Sabotka always on The Office, or is it just this week? I haven't watched in a while.
RIP Etta James... What a singer, what a career, what a life.
Hey, Nichelle, good to hear from you!
The length of time it takes to finish editing and (re- and re) proofing a book = enough to make you never write a book again
Thank you --> “: Congrats on all your hard work on #Mindfire!”
yes! RT ": THE SAN ANTONIO #SPURS WILL HAVE HOME COURT ADVANTAGE THROUGHOUT THE WESTERN CONFERENCE PLAYOFFS! Thank you #Warriors"
My pleasure. Safe travels today and tomorrow. Can't wait to see what the new season brings.
...And now I'm in a movie theater for the first time in three months. Hrm. Crowded. I can't make up my mind whether I missed this.
i already checked it out.
#WESmackDown - Join the Sea team in wrestling the do good title to the ground against our wimpy Pdx team. Bam!
Lol RT : you know, that only means something if I can get free coffee, haha!
And that's for nothing, so look at
Haha! Yes, we will. Probably Dec. 20th.
Not if she doing brittney spears
oh heck I haven't even seen a single episode of this seasons' #BGT! I'm watching all about #Shrek on BBC3!!!
“: Today's #ThankYouGame challenge is to thank someone who has helped you be brave. << , my brother and inspiration..;) TY
Had switched my wallpaper to Kobe last nite in belief tht he won't disappoint me tonite
difference that I make in people's lives. Speaking is one thing, eating and drinking
Ormand Beach tonight with Derek Richards, rest of the weekend in Ft. Lauderdale with Bruce Bruce!
Deucebrand watch giveaway...coming soon
im back
Best thing of the week: another anniversary celebrated with Charles. How about you?
Am i the only one who hates their school... Please tell me im not the only one.
I bet Akinator with Shane Harper. www.en.akinator.com
RT : A man faces charges after he claimed to be the new manager of a Denny's then cooked himself a cheeseburger and fries.
We follow a lot of people, then they follow back! Make sure not to follow 2,000 so quickly. :)
we killed #nightmareweaver this semester & a kid stopped in today to tell me that was a big mistake.
I played Dys4ia yesterday (poignant, beautiful), coming to Harpy Diem tonight, and I'm hoping to get one of your books!
Caught myself singing Conway Twitty in the shower today. Totally gonna bite his style. Somewhere between him and Matt Smith from Dr. Who.
Exactly 1hr from SHOWTIME!!!...c'mon NUGGS!!!...then get yoself out here!!!
Youre welcome!! :) im just giving you some feedback :)
Excited about the reopening! Looking forward to the sneak peak this Saturday!
Cataloging years of music today..sucks but gotta stay organized
Fact: 141 million Valentine's Day cards exchanged annually, making Valentine's Day the second-most popular greeting-card-giving occasion.
Okay now I got real coffee and it's super steamy!
Im waitin to get my blood on the dance floor tattoo
PUT YO HANDS UP IF YOUR GOING TO GO HARD
oh my!
Nice! RT : I'm trying Alpha Brain today. Looking forward to turning my brain up to 11. :)
Yeah, hate when that happens to me.
Cops Arrest Naked Burglar Covered in Peanut Butter and Chocolate -
Sorry I have not been blogging lately this move has been hectic!
Fans chant "you cant beat us!" to add insult to injury
Still searching for more design and inspirations for my music video! Xox
RT : Just because someone doesn't do things your way... doesn't mean they do it the wrong way.//Preach!!!
Free #chadevans2! #wronglyconvicted & losing time w. His family! :(
What woman in your life inspires you?
I agree I noticed that too.
Oh how I've missed you. One amazing sandwich please!
I got a sick reputation for handling broads. All I need is me a few seconds or more and it's a wrap.
Wow. North Boulder west of Broadway on alert for fire evacuation!
this: 's Gemini
Thanks for the follow. The video looks great!
If Bibby was shooting like that when he was with the HEAT, we would've won the ring last season
best wishes for another 27 years!
aw :D
Daddy I miss u already I Love U wit mind body and soul c u wen u get bacc RIP OHead NEVER FORGOTTEN
In any family, measles are less contagious than bad habits
❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Giving up.
:) I love your smile so much ...., its so amazing to see you smile :) I love u Z!
I just really love The Wanted.
the shit u hear bout me might be tru but thn it cud be as fake as the bitch hu told ya!!!
We have our new document scanner up and running. Combine that with our Guillo-Max and you will be scanning books in no time!
You guys were great tonite! RT ": Traded the "Brazilian Blur" Leandro Barbosa a race car helmet for some of his sick kicks!"
no, just stay an extra month and you'll be good!
Having beer and a burger at Stadium View. Gonna be a good night!
Merry Christmas #UTSA Runners!
Hahaha me too :D
The Whisky a go go New Years show featuring LA GUNS. Contact us if you're interested in some tickets. $10 presale, $20 at the door.
If I was your girlfriend I'd never let you go, I can take you places you ain't Neva been before
Yeah I'm alive and going home!!
Best song to ski to, ? Don't Bring Me Down...Grüß! (works especially well in the Swiss Alps/with a perfectly executed umlaut)
My god that sounds delicious. Never had anything bad from
no but embrace the craziness -- i try lol
Patriots lead Giants, 10-9, at halftime in Super Bowl XLVI.
I just got to use the phrase "altered timeline" in an email.
That is pretty amazing!
Just found out I'm going to be one of the naked girls. Join us Fri, Aug 13th in Chicago for Michelle L'Amour's - Naked Girls Reading
The Fortune Cookie line scores!!!
Life is good many in the balance now. At hospital to sort out my knee
and are having fun without me :( lol oh well mall time with em tomorrow :)
Yum yum yum! Nothing like some tacos and cerveza from the The Screaming Goat on a Thursday afternoon!!!
Late Thai dinner with
Not feeling the best this morning last night was fun now at work feeling like shit -_____-
These Pirates dont see that shark circling the ship?
Hosting a small school tour today along. Should be fun!
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
Just wrote a few poems. i feel accomploished. Thinking about joining the poetry competition :D
Finally going to bed, got a special boy on my mind.
Did you know that has FREE music classes for the wee ones next month? MusicGarten on 9/15 and Piano Pixies returns on 9/23
Headlining the Marquis Theater in Denver a week from Tomorrow! Last show in Denver for awhile so be sure to come out.
Who's making a wonderful chocolate to celebrate Boston Bakes? that's who!
Tulsi tea and Mary's Gone Crakers -- current obesssions.
One person follow me so my followers aren't 666!!!!! "PAKALITES" AIN'T WORSHIPING THIS "man's number!!!!!'
That place between what I want to do and what I should be doing is so uncomfortable.
Moving to Texas next year :-)
I'm using the Law of Attraction to connect with people and organizations who are making a difference for social causes!
People would think you are flirting.
I am super jealous!! Good Luck! :) RT you're looking at the newest intern at !
D.R.A.M.A=======>Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention!! #Get a life
yeah, girl! looking for some good beat-driven music. got any?
After some technical difficulties, our Imagine Tomorrow IT conference is up and running in-time for the 7th graders.
Yep. I'll be down there Friday AM through Wed AM. You?
The best thing is to get comments on it in leading blogs.
can I have them?
awhhh! But I love when you're a bitch<3
#kentucky is will always be my fav Team!!
TEBOW AGAIN!!! YES
I wish I never had to go back
lml am going for 2 weeks. Then I might go to florida.
1-0! Go ! Don't forget your roots!
thx for the add. How could a networking group in Eastlake help you or your business?
Whether we realize it or not, the body is constantly renewing, regenerating and healing. It all starts with the breath.
oh Obamacare did pass by the by. Remind me Of the thing u were made 2 do? Just 1 lousy thing u were made to do... "interesting"
Today's wonder relationship word is CUDDLE
haha it's just, she've helped me a lot with my issues and stuff, and now you're helping me too with your music
Justin Bieber makes me ashamed of our generation's music
Any recommendations on what's the state of the art or where we are heading in the JSON as a hypermedia format space? /cc
Haven't been around much but now regreting it..... all the memories we had won't ever go away r.I.p travis love ya
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO please follow him, hes awesome!!!!
Happy May Day! How does one celebrate May Day, anyway? :)
YET?! My point exactly!! Lol
": You can view me as a #WorkInProgress but I'll never be perfect...I'm just always going to continue to improve."
Nebraska crowd is loud
Now I can't forget you and it makes me mad left one day and never came back
how fitting. As I recall, we saw them in Chicago but my not have fully appreciated it at the time
That awkward moment when your favorite song from four weeks ago comes on the radio and suddenly everyone becomes obsessed with it.
oh nice :) that's exactly what I thought of u for- thought "Brooke would totally be a certified lol" find me next time!!
Luckily I was endowed, but not ordained.
good point, I think she meant acquaintances, though maybe you could thank a stranger thru their buz for great cust service.
Congratulations to Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer and the entire cast of "The Help" for their #SAGAwards !
lol love that! :)
Half off EVERY bottle of wine tonight! Come on by! St Rose & Bermuda. 1 mile east of the M Resort.
Lisa's Birthday Bash! I mean it's the May Birthday Bash at Mastrellas! May 21st! Classic Rock ALL NIGHT LONG! Come celebrate with the gypsy!
lol. His face is harsh. But he's hot tonight!
thank you! It's one of our favorites from the Exhale Elevation show
Who is going to 2013 Weekend 1? Pre-sale is Thursday!
Think whole late night, eat ice cream cake routine is becoming a bad habit
I just now realized why I had such a hard time getting to sleep last night. That decaf tea I had after dinner wasn't actually decaf...
I agree. Cavs lack almost everything offensively. At some point you can't keep adding non-shooters and non-scorers
Accelerated serendipity
I was really looking forward to seeing him but I am more concerned about him... hope he let's us know what's going on
7 straight home wins and tied for 1st in the Atlantic Division. The Division winner avoids Miami and Chicago in the 1st round
late night working... oh I love college.. well, not right at this moment. :-)
The intro to #American Dad was hilarious tonight, they did a spoof of the office intro.
Happy birthday to Tibet! xoxo
may the 4th be with you.
I love how when you don't have your BFF you talk to me but as soon as y'all friends again you don't even say hi. #Flaw #FuckYou #Bitch ✌
"Mother" is my jam! Glenn Danzig and I share the same birthday.
Man thinks, God directs. - Alcuin
In return for this latest of many kindnesses, I'll buy you a beer in Chicago.
. + + = The Tres Amigos of my Twitter stream.
Today is my birthday :D. Let's raise hell in the streets, drink beer and get into trouble.
ill post some pics later as long as the electricity holds out
You're very welcome. Cheers!
“This information is inaccurate and cannot be trusted” DWD Secretary Newson on BLS' latest data showing WI private sector lost 6,200 jobs.
the Bulls get back to raising the trophy this year.
Famous A's with and then a little tennis with !
Rakim = the greatest emcee ever!!!
I can't wait to watch that 12th regular season game where playoff-bound Team A rests its starters against non-playoff bound Team B!!
Derrick Rose is looking like "why are the rest of these fools dancing" SMH
Deviating from "Summer of 69" and "Smoke on the Water", the crappy cover band is now playing "Chicken Fried" by Zac Brown.
You too D-Money!
scratch that, Lou wants to be the baby Jesus, or as he said, the "baby Tebow".
Hey Ivan, just curious, for 6/9 hackathon, r u going to design or develop? On a project team?
well that was a very unexpected text..
Congrats to A-Rod for hitting his 600th home run!
haha me too! It's pointless!
has tweetlimit so she can't help :((((
“: #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate how big are your tits” Hahahahahahahah the irony.
Please Parmalee don't kill our players
Can you help me get more followers? Please.
Yeah, don't listen to our show, or anything.
thanks Amy - I know YOUR awesome never sleeps either :)
HA! I woke up from my delicious sleep just to post. And I gotta get up in four hours. yes, will poke :-)
Chicago has the best fans by far.
I know, it's stunning. Kinda helps me forget how much running sucks for a little bit :)
I am such a lucky girl to have you in my life.
where can I hear your music
Keep on gettin it
Our government is full of children.
t(-_- pinchi summer graduate! RT": You can't ditch SS :) RT : soo when the hell is senior ditch day?"
maybe ur conscience is a hypocrite. It stinks to razz you about how well u take care of yourself. Well done,#dialsoap issues.
Keep in touch shawty
Selling more triple pane than ever. Triple pane makes glass of the window 1/3 more energy efficient.Good windows block heat flow. Buy Smart!
Any school funding ideas out there?
Seriously...what's up lol
I agree! They never end!
I completely agree with you on this -- "Know when you write best". Thanks for sharing, Jim! :-)
This is Billy Queensgap Reporting LIVE! From the studio.. Dick Ramsses is tracking guitar for "From Beyond".
Says the girl from the state lacking helmet laws, gun laws, and seatbelt laws.
Asking my fellow dog owners to please comply with local leash laws. A stray dog (or pack) is considered dangerous unless I know otherwise.
Being nice never got me anywhere. Now that Im being mean and speaking my mind, Im seeing some results. I think I like this new attitude.
When tweets don't send<<
Meet massage therapist Sara Trohaugh, check out our space & get info about our practices at our Open House 6-8:30pm Friday November 4th!
Right on man! I'm enjoying reading about your trip!
A little peanut oil, grn onions, carrot, ginger, serranos, scrambled egg (opt) & soy. Um. :) RT : Dunwanna. :P
NOTE: PCA adopts "PCA Optional Rules for the Arbitration of Disputes Relating to Outer Space Activities" (eff. 12/06/2011): See PCA website.
The reason one supporter says he hesitates to back : Says Mourdock might be too partisan
i love that #The Bulls are a trending topic #drose, i'm gonna miss this place
welp bout to go night nigh now tweeters
Tron, of course. ; )
That awkward moment when you're talking to someone and your gum falls out of your mouth.. AWKWARD.
wats ya name??
We should enjoy it while it lasts honestly lol. The atmosphere at #CamdenYards tonight was awesome!
I love The Civil Wars ☺🎶
has been done to you, God does have a plan for your life. I hope everyone has a abundantly blessed day.
I hate drama.
Most of the time I ignore the ignorant! But this was too good to ignore! I enjoy it!!! :)))
Good grief, are you in the hospital?
I love these.
Can one be melancholy with company, or does commiseration spoil the mood?
Uugh! I did something bad to my toe in a soccer game. So dumb.
I love being a stylist to my friends.
It's the first day of May! Do you need help with your #Quickbooks this month? The #QuickBooksGal can help! 775-348-9225
Just bought a 6 pack of Westvleteren 12. Will keep half and use half as trade bait. M!
Writers: Publshrs Lunch says agent Liza Pulitzer Voges opening agency, Eden Street. She will rep authors & illustrators of children's books
"I've been a moonshiner for many long years. spent all of my money on whiskey & beer. I go down to some hollow and set up my still and...
Lmbo I guess
Watching Reservoir Dogs for the first time with a few Stella's.
gotcha......it's going to be a trip until Nov.
that's the spirit (; The M4 ditch looks nice this time of year, nice and soggy..
Friendship is like pee in your pants. Everyone can see it's there, but only you can feel the true warmth.
MT ugh. but you are so awesome for sprinting in time for your segment! I'm sure #MAG appreciated it #WE-DO!
What's your favorite song ?
well done, young padawan! was it awesome?
": Not by me. RT : Walking has to be the most underrated act known to man." :(
ya u can bring them Monday. U don't have any I'm going to start on the storyboard
These russians in Wally World r so annoying talking in their annoying language. I left one line & went to another & they followed me.
RT : Tomorrow! The unveiling of the restored Hung Far Low sign! Celebration starts at 5pm, unveiling at 7pm. Join us!
got tired of all the radio in sac. Found you by accident. I haven't changed the station since. thnx for being different.
also, just found all my coheed cambria.... feeling old.
oh how I want an invite.
Tomorrow is your chance to talk public transportation with heads of Cleveland & Akron RTA. Ideas to improve service? Let us know.
because we sounded just that incredible. We should make a 1D cover band...
Getting into the 3/4 stuff....so much finger flaunting xD
Yall Go follow
yes! Something fun and social soon! That is more likely this month now that I'm not working a million hours anymore.
Children under 12 shouldn't play tackle FB but they are. The answer is education of the Coaches, they are the problem.
Sprint. Tried ordering iPhone online through AT&T but it kept on giving me error page...had no idea why. Eff em...
- actually you would be a super hero if you could help with any women's sizing. Shoes, jeans, dresses... They all morph!
sky diving dog! how do we book this pup for our show? woof!
Rangers got the W... Now I need my C's to get theirs!
I have honestly been in love with original movie scores since the first moment I heard the scores to starwars.. Movie scores make the movie
have fun
RT : Great pres from Greg Raschke comparing Moneyball and pos arbitrage to library collection management.
B'ldy Cow! Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research? Downing Street James Cameron
Ale Ale Alejandro <3. I love that song.
I really like Sex Yeah and Living Dead and ofc Primadonna is the standout but I'll give it all another lis bc I hated the rest
He only drinks his own. RT : Sure but what would Bear Grylls say about that? ;)
u to Ariana:)
Road trips are for rich people.
are you nervous or excited for the clippers game?? As a lakers fan, I hope the celtics destroy the sixers, so u can beat heat!!
#Teamfollowback:) you follow me and I'll follow you back..
Thank you! :)
word! you know I'll come by to visit you.
Disney Junior UK&#39;s #1 Series Jake and the Never Land Pirates Goes Virtual With the Launch of Jake&#39;s World
Free download! free download! free download! free download!!New Faddy daddy single today.........
Can't wait to see the interview!
Just read the Jolly class e-mail! I hope the surgery goes well. I'll be praying for both of you!
I always marveled at how Paul Dee would wear a sportcoat on 80+° days @ Orange Bowl. Dude must've lost 50 lbs. in sweat every game...
Thanks Chandra!
Had to stay in and work on finals. Heading to the Scamp grounds early tomorrow for an on-site walk through!
Louis C.K. would make an awesome Ghostbuster
Home from SuperCamp, Stanford U and SF trip. Coast of CA muy bonita.
hehe im back! lol. (: did u miss me?... dont answer that question. lol.
ok on my way
today has been such a long day.
I know what you mean. Seems so silly the things I worried about BC. Sending healing energy!!!
Twitting yu twits
thanks so much maria!
I hate raves with a passion I find them pointless.
At today - getting my students ready for their agent interviews! Are you ready?
Interested in hearing where you tried this...E La Carte is getting lots of traction on the POS integration front.
HE'S MY LITTLE SECRET SHHHHHHH =)
RT : Oh look! Matt Flynn is trending! Awesomeness :)
Has finally finished Alexi Laihos Newest Rock House DVD Titled In Your Face Guitar! Now to work on Rock House Course Book and Master Classes
Its a kind of day :)
I'm in Chicago, wish I could meet you, I'm getting close to launching this product and would love your feedback
had the same convo with my boy the other day...preach to them, these youngins don't know.
Will I? And this is going to happen, how? Lol
On my way to the 49455.
is speaking to the SJSU SAA Student Chapter tonight! Woo hoo! Thanks, Kate!
There is a theater in the town next to me w/ a similiar story(MoscowID). Nice Job on the short.
We've supported the right of LGBT community to marry for years now, and were elated to hear agree yesterday.
One month after the layoff, focus and drive are returning. Sense of time and date are still lacking.
A very special day for very special people. Happy holidays.
Agreed! RT : great show!
Everyone check out the new stuff!
btw, January 1 is a great day to have a kid. ;)
Clash a boil down
I haven't had this much fun in...wow.. AGES!
your thoughts!?
The #Sixers have now won more playoff games than the #Flyers this year!
just saw a guy driving his car while talking on one cell phone & texting on another...
You know life is good when as a writer you work your way into 1,633,906 followers.
So hyped! Gonna show out tomorrow!
I'm so G that I'm almost H.
WHO HAS SKYPE? LET ME ADD YOU.
Have to give my homie a shout out for the new sounds he donated to my itunes library!
i love you and go houston texans
Can it be My turn to get Noticed by you? Please? I just want you To know about my Existence.
Can we talk about the importance of personal privacy without also addressing the need for personal publicity?
Cowboys and aliens was good western movie
I would be over there but Im djing around the corner at 57 West. Enjoy your visit on Orlando
Retro hackers! I like that. XD
Today is the day we should all come together & remember the 3,000 people tht died on tht tragic day. To me they are all heros & may theyRIP
« « My Old Bitch fucked up. My New Bitch lucked up & My Ex tryna suck up....ALL THESE Bitches got me fucked up!»»
sounds like the flu
The difficulty is that patents work differently from copyright. Easy to say "she traced my painting!" [+]
Spending my day in the beautiful sun 😄☀
RWE wants to welcome former Ms. America, Jane Park Smith, to our Honorary/Advisory Board!
THANK YOU to those who have taken time out to show their support of my dream. You support me and I support you----100%!
Panic at the disco is back?
Cocktails then on to #wonderlandfridays! Fantasy > reality w
..really? You look, well..kinda serious, but nice! Love the shoes, cheers-Stronodelarosa
Thanks so much to for an EPIC closing keynote
hey whts his twitter account name
To all my bad #Bitches I can see your halo
At least you didn't blow up the microwave?
Lol, I don't mean forever.. but I mean, everytime I want to go i've been getting sick or something O.o
Ok, back to my dark theater room here in It's all good.
CAFFEINE BEVERAGE RUN.
I assure u is equally delightful, if not more so. Happily, we're in close proximity, so easy 2 nab us both!
The government had the funds to bail out the banks,but now we are taking money away from education? What does this say about our future?
Your the Best, thanks for following me.
Idk what thats supposed to mean
You're not gonna be invisible 
Tweet tweet. Get me pizza.
Omg spider called on my hand. I've never screamed so loud
At the lunch table waiting for school to start so bored in the mornings.
Listening to that game red album @ work 2day... Hotness
Furniture just got here. Come on cable guy... Let's get this done.
Well didnt get yelled at today! They said my bite was getting a lot better too!! 😊
I wanna see that too! We should go!
too bad your not 21! Have a blast. Come to washington and follow back :)
thanks Chris!!!!
U should get an iron knee and come back
RT : RT : Tying to find great real estate people to follow on twitter? Just follow anyone using the
Still pretty cool if you ask me.
TY for the info. We're helping #WI teachers improve their access to qual training. All info helps us support
I love God's people and nothing can make me stop. I will ALWAYS forgive because I am forgiven & that is my most valued possession
I always feel like a better woman after getting my eyebrows threaded
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin love song I'll be sick
Love to read at bedtime - good habit!
makes me want to pick a fight with the biggest dude in the pit!
Before you rise from bed...ask...how may I serve today? In the stillness listen for the answer :) We are here 4 each other.
my twitter and facebook pages are not getting along!
It tasted as good as it looked! :) Have you been to ? It's my fave in #Vegas!
It smells like nasty rat -_-
Sanford, FL police chief criticized for his department's handling of the Trayvon shooting case will resign permanently today
Yo Rosemary! :P What time are you on tonight!?
KD - probably not gonna get a RT b/c of my OU photo but I appreciate you keeping it real with your fans. Love the video!
Yes. In a hospital it is given at a 'normal' 5 liters. Next Q: yes, it can go Boom.
aint nobody mad, wht imma be mad for we joking around when I rib i dnt stop lol
what's worse, an 8 hour layover in amsterdam or a 6 hour layover in edinburgh?
Happy Birthday Peter Zumthor!
Follow this dude he needs more followers bruh all my followers follow him!
because its actual people who are choosing the songs, not a computer
mon. was free play, thurs was $35 dollars I went in with, today was free play and $40. That's it! Haven't been 4 a while.
Pita chips with hummus!
#TheHalls event tonight! For returning students, an opportunity to learn about where you can live next year. 6p-9p at Kimmel (10th floor)
Got a hot song coming for yall be on the look out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
In times of extreme duress and existential horror, I take solace in something my father once said: "Pussy don't got a face."
Good thing tomorrow is my last day in school this week!
I hope the Grammys are banning all the drug infested rock groups also. Or how about the gang bangers?
Hard to think of myself as a hardcore badass when the 1st 2 things I do when home from work are defrost chicken & apply Ben-Gay to my arm.
I'd like cooler wx in Florida
sit on my face
I hate it too, dude. Its so hard to lose weight. I run 2 miles every night and I'm still not losing anything. It sucks.
With the greatest guitarist i know his skills are going to make start crying
I love watching fights develop on internet forums.
then clearly we need to schedule remedial training next weekend!
I've actually postponed my blog being available to public - maybe in a week, I'm not sure. Sorry! <3
Need Rocky (as in & Bullwinkle) costume, suggestions aviator hat and goggles?
that is SO awesome
Would be an honor to face you one more time!
....I feel like Larry Stylinson is getting more distance and it's more Zarry now. Oh okay sorry for my opinion.
Loving this weather:-)
Rio Grande Ravens! See you at Prom Tomorrow Night...I'll be the guy at the DJ booth
matter fact im bout to post this damn sample when i find it !!!!!
Just 2 hours ago when Demi Lovato came on the radio, I was like who actually cares about her? Then I read the X Factor news. Oh.
Gods grace is all that I need!
Did I miss the Colts being able to survive the loss of their QB? The same situation that the #Bears found themselves in?
what the hell are you talking about man? Respect you but this is garbage, TO laiden, aau ball
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DOLL! :)
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body.
that's because the beard invokes fear and respect. Children don't know how to internalize it.
bring it
This guy agrees with me tha the need to retire Glenn Robinson's
... But your point on the ingredients still hold truth for sure.
I don't always beat my hookers, but when I do, I prefer a crowbar.
Watch the Floor my signature phrase for the past 4 years but the question is where at on the floor????
Well in all had a great night :))
#DASER Shih Chieh Huang uses sensors from night lights in his artwork.
Didn't eat any of my food in 3rd period because i'm still so full from this morning.
Continue. :) RT : Michael B is the coolest
I'm reading "Prey" by Michael Crichton. It's pretty good. He writes very plainly. Not many metephors or simlies. He keeps you reading though
RT : Our abstract is in for Research Day. See you in April! ------Awesome! See you then!
I'm finally over him!" "Really?" "Yeah!" "Okay, want some chocolate?" "He likes chocolate....
i now have a new boat story. :-)
I have such a hangover yet I didn't drink?!?!!? O.o or did I. I can't remember.
bahaha! If I weren't the true leader, I'd agree. ;) lol
JOCTAN! Hi :P
I absolutely cannot wait for David Denby's review of Three Stooges. Bated breaths over here, folks.
you're welcome! I am excited to see the show!
Truly then end of an era. He loved his sport but wasn't seduced by it, he wasn't a shill unlike, say ESPN.
YW. Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter.
I want the Lakers to lose
Welcome home!
A grey day in Dallas and I am already feeling (and being) somewhat productive.
The world is all gates, all opportunities.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
XL my friend
Seriously, the people who park around my apartment complex need to learn not to park like assholes.
HAZY SUNDAYS | $3 Bloody Mary Bar, $8 bottomless mimosa and a breakfast pizza. Perfect day.
haha your so sweet!!
So quiet at my end of the hall today... there wasn't even the typical lunch time backup!
Carlie!!!!! We need to hangout today!! :o
good to hear it went as well as it did, i know it must have been hard on everyone
Any #JWhitesidesST members online?
WE LOVE YOU MIKEY <3 :)
Medically speaking, that's not really possible.
Olivia and I decided to be proactive this year and get our taxes done early. #h&rblock
rite on! Thanks. I fuckin love BTW
You already know!
Live your life with your eyes wide open.
dm it to me and ill hit u up
We have $5 lunch specials from 11am - 4pm everyday! Today is our Greek Cheeseburger! Enjoy!
Comatose patients are just extreme nappers
Getting back into the Tecmo rhythm. Saints take down Packers and their hapless Run D.
Bulls! Holy fucking wow!
Higher Ed terrible at deprovisioning.
RT : J. Carr: #dh approaching a moment like comp/rhet yrs ago--an excitement, yet also a force to be regimented, less crazy
#kansascity meet-n-greet? With us? In the making? Coming soon?!?!
ROLL ROLL ROLL YOUR HOE FUCK HER TIL SHE SCREAMS BUST A NUT SMACK HER BUTT THEN PASS HER TO THE TEAM ♪ ♪
Haha dang. Ima rat you out!
ALSO I am totally recovering my vocal strength :D
im jealous
R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent? Email pl
You are welcome, great content needs to be shared.
you're right, I was there!
The guy at the unemployment office saw me reading Abe Lincoln vampire hunter and recommended World War Z. Thanks guy with job.
To the degree we’re not living our dreams; our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves. – Peter McWilliams
love you to
A velociraptor with lasers on it's head
had a good day until this fag called me hollin
No, but I'm okay with strikeouts. Don't really differentiate between them and other outs. Still walking a ton.
Baby, you reek of undue accomplishment. Go home, for good.
I thought you were good looking, until I clicked "view more pictures"
TODAY , come chat with guest worker writer Sarah Shun-Lien Bynum (12- 3PM)!
"Heres a word for you fracking" -dad
Question Of The Day : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail ?
I rly don't think I've smiled as much as I did this morning in a long time.. I LOVE 's nephew !
watching monday night RAW
If you want to be loved...be lovable.
Facebook is DOWN! No! My crops!
I cried you a river, now drown in it!
Rep are making a puppet for Romney's running mate, teaching Mitt ventriloquism so he can change his mind mid-sentence and blame the puppet
Oh Pell no!
Well, so much for my Cyclones. Completely fallen apart... inability to hit a 3 has been disastrous.
Come here bitch
Lololololol. South Park. Cartman wants to become a NASCAR driver. Hahahaha
all are good choices!
they made it in town. Good make it work
Of course, Silly. I just hadn't told Caroline.
Delicious & 300 calories! How can you beat that kind of deal? Come enjoy your Egg McMuffin!
I'm working :(
turns out there are little south korean children within every KIA vehicle. Maintenance means death and a replacement must be ordered. FYI.
If you picked up your "Earth Week" card, the game card is now valid with purchase of buffet until 6/30/2010.
we are on fire. Giggs comes back and the engine will be full for next 80miles to the cup.
It's not the last day of #mw2012 that's hard. It's the day after.
also seemed to always know what we were tweeting about immediately. Never figured out how he tracked it all!
Packed and ready for the area meeting tonight. You all are amazing!
coo! Dam curry hurt rite
Finally through Atlanta.
just this one LOL
The NFL's Most and Least Economically Savvy Franchises - Forbes onforb.es/oz6bjw
omg two in a week now! I was ok thx, but you've blown my mind :) No I'm so so thanks, how you doing? Working?
Had an out of this world dinner with at
All this class is teaching me is that sometimes violence is the only answer.
very cool Pauly! Let us know when you may get to the East Coast for shows!
you mean
Q5 I want quality, value, social responsibility, durability, etc - how to maximize?
yea its still wed for you I believe. And then she eliminated option 1 for us..
Vernon did grafitti as an assigned class project. Far out!
Happy girl :-)
Anderson tells GOP rejection was "mean-spirited." Says she's not sure she'll take Dayton's offer.
In need of a mani & pedi
The way you treat people not always the way yoi get treated... good hearts get played
ive been good.. and u??
It's so chill goin to work at like 11pm ha
SMFH RT : ? RT : I bet Kobe don't have as many rings as the points they're loosing by
What's up with mustache Aaron Rogers? Movember is over. Or is it?
yehp. The joint "The Crash" is on there
Cost accounting is going to be the death of me :-\
Awh,Food Poisoning Isn't Fun /: Hope You Feel Better!
that kind of a day?
Thanks! IBM is handing out Big Data books. I did think David Barnes was an excellent speaker.
You gotta stand up for how you wanna live
Can the Miami Heat afford NeNe with the new CBA agreement?
Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you is not your friend.
Ratliff scores in transition to put up 3-1 with 7:04 in the first quarter.
Thx for the mention!
French firm wins license for Idaho uranium plant
Something positive. Aint no sense in stressing over it. Either do something about it or let it go. Its as simple as that.
He got paid from Verizon too
just listening to music you? :)
It is a problem when I open my Outlook calendar and don't know when I'll actually work, right?
Yeah ... About that ... We are sharing ... Done deal
Well put RT : Realizing that a big reason I hate talking politics is that it's actually hard/awkward to agree on facts.
#SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING ITS BEEN IN MY HEAD ALL DAY <3
No one from #NorthDakota has ever been to Throwstertees.com. Come on, North Dakota, what's it going to take?
oh yes. Bynum is beast.
Like I said, not sure what the poor part of the choice was!
Ahh nothing like the fresh smell of prints right off the press! Seriously! Hooray for the new issue!
I'm getting ready to DJ the Michael Bastian Fall 2012 show.
answer your damn phone it's time to
the realist!
that's a lot!
Uh oh mayweather got his panties in a twist!! 0_O
Just gave suellen a fat lip...whoops
its like sitting in room temperature merky bath water
Here we go #Nadal and #Federer!!!
Wow I advent been on here in awhile I have tweets from 3 months ago in my time line.
Or maybe Walker means he'll create the 250K jobs by losing on June 5 and letting someone who knows how to create jobs take over
A good hockey player plays to where the puck is. A great hockey player plays to where the puck is going to be. --WG
Anyone else think Tyler Glenn is attractive? Lol
I like #Grimm as well
Parada kick-off dance this sat night, at Whiskey River!!!
Thank you Sir.
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it. We sure had fun!!
RT : New menu starts today : get our corned beef & cabbage on your plate for St. Paddy's! Full menu:...
The Jedi Council received Continuing Education Credits after Yoda's lecture on using RTTT funds.
You were awesome this morning! Tonight will be rad!
My favorite clients are the ones who upload an avatar to basecamp.
Looking for a new or new-to-you car in/around Madison, WI? How can I earn your business?
Welcome to the BSU President's Club!
When empowering others, don't forget to empower yourself. It will deplete you if you don't
Make everyday the best day.
it was wrong last week, but dialidol has Jessica Sanchez safe and that's after she started last after 20 minutes of voting on East Coast
me too, our tune is KILLER... No pun intended! girl I love it here!
We saw Hoda running up Harlem Hill! Go Hoda! RT : Just finished my 1st #nyrr 10k race! did you see me?
Ugh they're the worst! I don't even try them on anymore!
Happy, happy, happy birthday !!! *Wahooo!!*
I need a nail file.
Some body else got this phone so please stop text ing please
yes indeed it is. I think it just happened in the last month
I'm not sure why but I just ran outside into the pine trees bare foot and I'm out here now I don't wanna go back to the house. At all.
just looked in the mirror and i got like 3 shades darker on my puerto rican swag
If you did not see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don’t invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth.
Found an uncashed check in my bag. Hello
A nigga will not care if you jumped off a bridge and landed on your neck & died
*so I can go into my job
its April 21 and thank you:)
Woke up and saw fowler came back! 👍
With about to activate our vip passes.
Thank God it's Friday..and How Bout them Gators?!!
Doug Martsch on Wednesday nights! Great show!
Oh that's cool.
Weird question: Anyone know of any video of (Kevin Michael Richardson) doing a Captain Kirk impression? Supposed to rock it.
yep I always get them speeds up recovery and I have to be able to sing
Kaveh Bazargan - River Valley - discussing WordPress as a publishing platform. would go well at
here to a good one
Just learned Martin Luther King was a notorious adulterer...really really starting to wonder if a good man has ever walked this Earth...
As long as you're by my side, I know I have nothing to fear. I can take on the world full force becuz you have my back.
Aww. I'm glad Dean has found somebody. It would interesting that episode.
Thanks for sharing the bike sign up form w/ ! We can't wait to see all of you guys next weekend!
what ? Cod?
Hey folks, thanks for the follow (Laura & Mr Cranky Editor). Cheers!
Were you taken out of the Animal Kingdom in an ambulance? If so, I was there.
At school higher than a chinese kite
Well...that game sucked butt
Tree of Life finally opens at Vinegar Hill tomorrow.
Watching a cooking show...trying to get ideas lol
Last week I was at a Brewers game and saw a Bears #4 Favre jersey. Tried snapping an incognito pic but didn't turn out.
(article linked in previous tweet is en español)
“: This tweet is 6 Tweets away from Kevin Bacon re-tweeting it” LOL
...especially for a small donation so he can, you know, eat and not sleep with rats in his shelter room.
#ItsAwkwardWhen You feel like you talk to all the wrong people.
Had some stuff go down here. Was on a Facebook/Twitter hiatus for a while. What's up America? Loading wise-cracks.....
Shouldn't David Stern win Executive of the Year?
Why thank you :) Got any big plans for the weekend ?
Sometimes we need to hear that the right thing to do is to keep doing what is right!
just downloaded "chasing the sun" ahh! :) and "glad you came" is playing on the radio as I tweet! :)
hot chocolate with cinnamon
Maybe Robert Knapp's "Invisible Romans" is better? "Everyday people"? The non-megarich?
I know same! I feel so unprepared though!
They lovin vid right now..successful blk man wit his blk wife treatin her like a blk Queen
When does the segment air?
Cats hangover.
we're here!
What section will you be in at Citi Field on June 18th?
"When all you date is athletes, all you know is this lifestyle" only a certain amount of women are actually capable to deal with athletes
No decision for Troy Williams today. He says that one may come later in the week.
Anyone do drywall in #Rochester NY? Looking for an experienced person to either assist me or do the job!
I knew I wasn't alone! :)
Amazing performance! RT : Holy shit! just sang La La Land live !
Thank you for the RT, !
Boa I Aint Had No Cat Since Saturday Before Last. Thats So Not Cool.
Had the pleasure of speaking with last night. He was somehow even nicer than he is on The Best Show. How is that possible?!
I'll try one.
very cool facebook link from Chef Mom - I "liked" it on facebook and bet you will too!
My nigga taking a shit at the club....lol
Right back at ya, hun! XOXO
Thanks so much to all those who attended and support the ChingoZine launch party! It was amazing. If you didn't make it out the...
I'm very disappointed you would retweet a person with an offensive user name. I think all your followers deserve an apology.
Omg #TheWeekendShow is making me cry haha
On This Day: May 15, 1618, Johannes Kepler discovered his harmonics law.
I'm following anyone that follows me
is about to lead the bus in prayer
Thank you very much!
Why bother?
Very funny shows!
You must have downloaded it to your iPad then. Do you see the app on your iPad home screen?
At the after party for the new joint!!! It's crrraaazzzyyy in here man. If u ain't here u ain't nowhere!
tell mama i said happy mothers day and i love her the most
OMG, she looks stunning..very old hollywood glamour look, luv those red fire lips
The Efficient Fund Hypothesis
All i want it a tweet back! HOLLA! You are awesome!
Decided to forego an audition after finding it was located in the bachelor pad ontop of a hill with no sign of life in sight.
Up bright and early!
Word thank yhu for makin my Monday nite awesome
I guess if the green-eyed monster is greedy then the red-eyed monster is the one that cares too much?
- DC in the house. You're my favorite non-Wizard. Keep doing what you do.
Tell Your Dad Happy Father's Day.!<3 For Making Such A Talented And Cute Guy Like You!<3 Follow Back.!(:
I kind of wish Nick Fury was played by anyone else
I was going to do it until I saw that one of the requirements was good attendance... Awk
New web look! www.rarero.net ! credits to header contest winners for the headers!
One less bridesM will make your life so much easier in the end. It's more intimate too, and u can give them a nicer gift :)
good luck tomorrow. It's real early, no worries
Long time. What's up?
this girl in my class said usher discovered justin and I was like no, it was scooter & we were arguing about it. Bitch please, i would know.
Sorry to hear about Etta James. She was such an inspiration!
#faaaaareezing = sleeping in my robe, long johns and a long sleeve tee.
Facebook doesn't hold a candle to Twitter on nights like tonight (NH Primary).
At a conference last week, a woman used face time to check her hair. She had to stop to do this. In the middle of a hallway.
A facebook grifter! That's the nicest thing anyone's called me in a long time.
Watching american history x
Thanks for the followup. It was a hoppin crowd last night. Enjoyed tasty Achiote Salmon. Big thanks to Kate for takin care of us!
LOVE that has added Character and Paragraph styles in #CS6!
Getting ready to take my US Citizenship oath today. Interesting times.
TY for RT of my work! Hape you all have a great weekend.
Who remembers how to get in free to the MOMS Sale?
Can't get comfortable with this big ass brace on my leg.. ugh :/
And no, I don't think Taco Copter is a real thing, but a boy can dream can't he? A boy can dream.
Never realized that sticky notes could be so useful!
I may or may not find my way to your store. I have to out someone... you know who.
With the way this game is going, holding Wisconsin to 3 on that drive is big.
not every guy is going to fall for you little slut act so you might as well stop. it's not cute.
One roommate is dying his hair, one is showering, the other is shaving. I just need to fuckin piss. This is how people get kidney stones
More of a Gold Foil Variant, but yes.
Really enjoyed 's #UnitedStats on Think my Tuesdays at 10pm are locked in.
Watching 2 guys that are priorities for us in this 2:30 game. They would look really good in UD navy blue!
"An actor is looking for conflict. Conflict is what creates drama... The more conflict actors find, the more interesting the performance."
you girls should come into Velocity for a good workout to prep for the season - free trials.
I see my path, but don’t know where it leads. Not knowing where I’m going is what inspires me to travel it.
haha , that's mess up o_O ha well I'm in English class & that sounds pretty fuckinf cool I've always wanted to bowl -:0 but
Thanks! #Smithsonianthirst was just dubbed "nerd Nirvana"! This is going to be fun!
will do, thanks for the follow back and I'll shoot you a quick note soon.
Chem final down. Feel pretty confident about it. One more to go today and 2 tomorrow
$2 TUESDAY $2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN
EMMA BUNTON - DON&#39;T TELL ME YOU LOVE ME ANYMORE ...
probably better than here in Denver.
p.s. when I was baking the cake last night, I was totally reminiscing about our brownie days. It was just not the same. :-(
I just finished watching "The Vow" & my niece slept through the entire thing. She's still sleeping, love this.
Good Morning! I did have a good weekend, got to see some family and spend time with the kiddos! How about you?
On the phone with :)
When u have a common name people can email u accidentally. It's weird when it's personal & if recipients reply all & u get the whole convo!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 37
Only I kno when enough is enough whether you lien or not I'm tired of rumors and tired of hearin shit so gone wit cha life and imdo the same
Slap Shot is on right now. Yay!
Starting to really dig Google Docs.
If my hair doesn't start working I'm just gonna go bald..
you're cold hearted Vaughn! Halloween must be in the air
FYI the links under "Want to Lend a Hand?" are broken ... just # placeholders. Probably need to be fixed.
Baby girl!
": She got a flatty" <- Lol "Cole...you stupid"
Love big city 1) NFL 2)
#YoMommaSoFat when she bleeds grravy come's out
Fall season is filling up quickly. No spots left on Thurs. Tues & Wed nights still open. Kinda makes me feel slutty.
Great audience at Titanic. Talking & using their phones the entire time. I'm sorry, are the deaths of 1,500 people too boring for you?
do you disapprove because you dont like Taylor or because fake fans will starting liking him just bc of her?
You too Tom, Happy Thursday
which txt u talkin bout???
thank you! it was a great article.
Some tweeps are so impatient. If I don't follow back within a day, they stop following me. Funny. I don't live on Twitter 24/7, folks.
Everyday is a gift from God, Treasure your blessings.
Yeah that was just recently explained to me - very unusual.
so sick you were at 's FIRST concert. (:
I mean there's so many people, what's stopping you from doing something ridiculous?
Forget that. I actually want da moo moo
I'll be there! Woohoo! Rt Who wants 2 come 2 Orlando this weekend & hang out with & me?!
tris man on point like two red dice
forgettin' bout me already, i see -_____-
Dinner and a water view.
cant sleep
Bitch its a FACT your a fat slut not a roomer I made up!
The Avengers tonight <3333
I've pretty much defected to facebook, yet upon periodic Twitter visitation I discover curious accidental reading of my tweets.
I have Saturday & Sunday Off!!!! Thank God
its such a delight to hear from u!!! :)
as much as I was hoping you'd fail, glad it went well! would have liked to see/hear it.
Not too many PTPers in blue tonight... Craft is just nasty... OSU still doing work
y'all niggas live at 530 in the morning on a Wednesday lol
Absolutely! Appreciate your support for entrepreneurs/students...best of luck! :)
Thank you to everyone who started their spring cleaning a tad early and donated their gently used formals! They will go to a great home!
If you want to help out with the Orientation Fair board tomorrow send a DM or contact our President
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
yeah we just went through Atlanta
I think my hair turned out brown. :/.
naa that's all u pimp :) and yea sort of
“: Guys who are as goofy and dorky as me >>>>>>>>>>>”I must be the shit lol
we want some of your chai! ;)
are you or have you tried that diet thing?
We agree. Thanks for the RT!
; How you changed my world you'll never know, I'm different now, you helped me grow, You came into my life sent from above.
lol you're welcome!
HA! Glad I'm watching it in the morning instead of tonight before bed. Sounds like the thing of nightmares. lol
See ya texans.
true that was hyperbole.
#21CRadio tweet chat starts in half an hour!
Sec. Duncan, "budgets reflect our values." Let's make sure our budgets reflect just how much we value children. ,
If someone says thats what he said one more time im going to find this so called HE and kick his ass
Welcome to Chicago Expo! #SSE12 Enjoy a Segway tour of our city! Bring your show pass & get $10 off! 312-552-5100
FTC to do app for smart phones. Smart phone use in low income communities is high because most households do not have computers
losing a tooth is one of my biggest fears.lol
i love how celebs only tweet back the improtant ppl how about u re tweet the little ppl who wana be like you and rlly care bout you
Skydottir Epic Cookies await you at today's #Lynnwood grand opening! 20 minutes to go...
soon! We had a holiday break!
Think it was like 100 or so...not a crazy high number, but enough to keep me from pulling out my credit card immediately.
Busy Sunday-gonna help a fellow animator, draw some stuff up for DW's, conference call with some potential partners/clients, then draw again
Gillibrand To Push For Federal Legislation Allowing Gay Parents To Adopt - NY1
Hopefully you're a Dodgers fan bc did you catch the last 3 games?
I have died everyday/waiting for you/ darling don't be afraid/I have loved you/ for a thousand years ... #nowlistening <3
If this isn't the perfect day for Peach Mango tea, I don't know what is...
sent you a text but I think my phone is acting up again... Text me so I can text you back, lol.
#DASER Ellen Levy "Inattention Blindness is an old concept in art...look at these paintings from the 17th century."
Witticisms, not my milieu.
Woo hoo! We have 30 likes, y'all! :)
It's ABSOLUTELY NOT that states decision to make that carrying cash means they can take it from you. That is total Bullshit.
Thanks for being our 300th follower ! We're happy to connect!
hey brother-in-law tell my bby I said hi and I love him to father my future children.
He's headed to prep school, right?
You're right, not even close, Avetts all the way!
Thanks for the RT.
Am loving my radio on - makes mi dia fly!!
the weekend can't come quick enough!
Headed to the 2009 League of Ment Christmas Lunch. Should be fun.
So we were in talks with someone about renting a house. Got to the point of getting the deposit ready and found out it was a scam.
just finished my KEYWORD research- Thanks for all the easy to follow tutorials!
Enjoy the gym while I sit in the office!
the only reason u have a twitter is to keep an eye on me. I have one wish in life...to be happy.
I can never make indirect tweets about Le Hoe (Zoe) because she gets these tweets to her phone. Fucking slag, Hi Zoe ☺
And when you're done reading his column, come see him speak for free June 2! RT now has weekly column.
0700 work day finished with a marathon work meeting. Coffee, Hockey, and second to last #springtraining game for the #sfgiants at home.
If you don't see me know I'm somewhere working hard- Young Noble
“: hey (; you're cute! #justsayin<3” thank you <3
Bustin' loose from this mortal coil.
Happy Thanksgiving! What was your favorite dish?
CB video questions come from on Romney&religion; on VP Biden; on the House & on Sen. Warner
We've been so impressed by the entires in our #EarthDay contest. 2 days left to snip!
235# max PR tonight on deadlifts. Feel great.
working now, then off to I love 12 hour days :-)
Donald Frail form AstraZeneca: we are committed to these compounds and making them work.
Suppose I should pack for my week in myrtle and my trek back to NEW YORK.
swing dance nights (Saturdays) are going great! This weekend, we celebrate 4 year anniversary of swing at Te!
who gonna run this town tonight?
But all it looks like is that you rentin out pussy
you're a rockstar for covering for the automated metrics round table... Even if saw you and ran..
Dream with my eyes open Sleep when I'm dead Love who my hearts chosen Conquer what lies ahead.
Stop by the Kimberly Clark/Colgate kiosk @ Publix for $ saving coupons.Be sure to ask how to purchase a cutout to support healthier babies!
Need suggestions for iPad apps for eight-year old girl. Not that I'm going to give it up easily for her to play on.
Sounds like you're adding something to the Constitution that's not there. I think I've heard you criticize judges for that.
awesome. By the way, I was in Starbucks tonight and ran into Jason Roy from B429. Random small world.
Today is the first day of September Interims. Meetings all day and then off to some great events this evening!
people saying "hoodrats" really irritates me. The are 0 hoods in maine.
That shit aint cool cause she doing it
I got a B in English 😳
Another good weekend for AZ hoopsters on the AAU circuit. Kids continuing to get better and rep AZ well!
: I have hit the highest education level of any female in the family excepting Josephine,
I am seeing Craig Finn!
Bird hit the front window of our house this am. He was knocked out and then later just dazed blinking his eyes. Good reason not to clean.
