Seriously #Rochester these two dogs (mickey and shadow) will steal your heart! Plz come visit them and see for yourself!
He is our portion and we are His prize... Oh, how He loves us...
are you serious? I haven't even started lol
Hahahaha! I know what they are! Haha!
USF Botanical Gardens Fall Plant Sale this weekend. Dr. Michelle Williams in for a green bag lunch lecture there on the 20th.
All Black Everything
“: Ahh so hype ma cuzn finally here” yea
Sweeny Todd, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, dark shadows and The Corpse Bride
"It's uh mad, mad world dat we're livin' in. Gotta keep yah heads up high, can't be givin' in."
LOL the suspense is killing us. Happy Saturday, get moving and go out.
Telling a woman you got struck by lightening in the crotch may not be the best pick up line at #SMSK... tickets on sale Thursday
As drunk as I was, I still managed to utter "DO not disrespect me" a million times as they laughed like demons would at a suffering sinner..
You got it! We def want a good deal! Will come in when we get back in town. Opens in Feb/Mar?! Even better!!!
You are welcome!
2NIGHT ITS TWITTER THURSDAYS W/ BDAY PARTY! THE ONLY PLACE 2 B 2NIGHT!
Sunday night at Krave Talent Show...$100 to the winner!!! Let's take the win again TF!! SALUTE!!!
I know! You think Oosthuizen's going to pull this one out?
Yeah and I think jobe and Turbo and someone else was on teams against me you and someone else.
Good Day All…
Can this day be over already
thank u and i wont tease u no more tonite
Heat shot less than 7% from 3 point land AT HOME! Why did they bring miller for?? Guy should be getting paid what battier is making
yes I sure am! Crossed last year. I will miss u too hun! Hit me up if youre ever in Houston :-)
RT if you can find sexy in this kmckjasdvncioamcxlkpcxmwisamkasnzxquJUSTIBIEBERiojfihqewksmxlkqwceckwjmksj
Congrats to for being elected as County Board Chairperson.
“: gettin excited to launch this sucker! ” / You and me both. Hope your seatbelt is fastened... gonna be a wild ride!
see you in new Mexico today its been like a month at #sxsw at the pool party in the W in Austin
got your email. We are excited to work with you and help you build your brand! Check your inbox.
That lame show is still on the air?
See you there! RT : thanks for following #SWBBaltimore! See you at the Gathering on Thursday!
Librarian to the rescue! My uncle asked me to help find a database. Turns out he can access it remotely w/ his pub lib card. He had no idea.
hold me closer, Tiny Dancer
Dis ohio game off da chain!
Unbelievable man. Crazy case!
On my way to ... See you all soon
Come back to NYC!WE MISS YOU WE MISS BECK AND JADE TOGETHER!(Even tho i might be back from Flordia!) COME BE WITH US!Lol ♥
oh am I in there?
Merry Christmas eve and merry Christmas to you all :)
Knowing someone you love dont feel the same way about you, memories, they soon delete.
If I get 50 followers I will follow back the person who makes me have 50 followers!!!!
In such a bad mood.
the only thing we ended up getting was paint samples because flooring cost money :(
yea iphone4s looks cool i might get one of those insteed of iphone5
Follow and you could win free tix to a Jags game
Note I didn't say anything about singing well but the dancing with spatula as microphone and flour-covered apron TOTALLY makes up for it...
you should listen to my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings
no me importar
If a tomato is technically a fruit, than ketchup is the grossest smoothie ever.
Roskilde here I come!!!
Cant wait for EDC!
“: #Pacers bout to dick smack these heat dick riders.” Wana bet?
That awkward moment when Chris Brown see’s a hot chick and says I’d hit that.
It was a lot of fun! Hope you had a great time at BEA!
Have a #merrychristmas everybody...
I totally did that too...it works but u gotta do it for a while
And we're tweeting. Welcome to Edgewood. Love, the Twoomies.
Lmao no kidding
Oh and have missed you. Work & life has been so crazy....no time to zone out on tweets and pins.
New Hunt Library will have immersion theater and game lab. Very cool, NCSU
This just in. No one cares about the NBA.
Coney time! “: Our 100 year anniversary celebration starts this Monday $1 coneys all week come & be a part of history”
sunny day out so happy
She sitting here telling me a story about what happened on one Tyra show episode, -_-
don't usually watch local news but this Reggi Aqui guy might bring me back. Gonna shred some documents!
"Text them and say, 'Sorry I can't text you right now, I'm driving.'"
Can't stop throwing up.:'(
Thats why there not American ... And yes still say it every night b4 bed ...LOL
staying up until 2 30am probably wasnt the smartest idea knowing i had to be in the studioo this morning.
Ha! Only make it a Whyte Whine and a Miller Flight...
shut up
No problem! I wish they would have made an announcement. Lot's of people are in the wrong stream...
anytime Angel!<3!i hope Cody sees ur twets and follows u,DM s u,everything that u can think of that cody can do!
Only to make you leave the conversation! Lol RT : Why did you have to bring race into this???
follow back please
why? Whhhhhhyyyyy?!?! ISN'T IT JUST HUMAN NATURE WHY? WHHHHHYYY?!?!
Tuesday night at Whiskey Chicks means OKC TRIVIA! Put your thinking cap on and check-in for 1/2 priced appetizers!
's Mayoral Breakfast & Clothing Drive is today! Interested to hear 's & 's visions for SD!
because i don't ride roller coasters & if i did i definitely wouldn't be in the front hahaha.
I will go to war over you.
Also got you on tonight following March Madness!
Peaches were beyond ripe :-( Plan B - blueberry corn muffins. . . so good!
says he concurs
Okay then. :/
Psychobiological theories cont.: Behavioral conditioning (Pavlov's dogs), Freudian Psychoanalysis, Psychopathology, and Psychosis.
Finishing a great day with my Liza. Great weather and good company.
How are you set for the 2011-2012 season with Cycling Videos? We are offering a Fall Sale NEXT WEEK – stay tuned
We're all living in Kreider's world tonight. Welcome to the Kreider show.
What da hel is going on m twitter.
Make healthy changes 1 at a time and get them to be a habit, then make another change.
I'm trynna get into sumthing wet
Well, this series is done.
I'm bumping to jewel all night.
Soo i was on facebook and got a friend request from a chick whose name is betchacantdoitlikemealldayigetsitin. So not gonna add her, lol
(PASO) Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on.
Given the cloudy, rainy afternoon right now in Portland, the choice of Joy Division for walking music is entirely appropriate.
I wonder if we are gonna see cows fly
Hi Valerie! We'd like to share a fun opportunity with you- Please DM us your email address if you're interested :)
; "I mean.. If i ever had a girl as beautiful as you, I'd never let you go.. That's why he's a fagg." hahaha made my night :)
Awkward! When u stay up writing 4 ur corporate overlord but forget 2 check the doc into the project b4 u unplugged all ur electronix $$
Gotta love that 90's music at the bowling alley. What's your favorite 90's song?
the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence. that way, they never suspect you hung up on them.
Fried pickles before shift. Niceness .. Love my bullies babe
So kind of you to mention. Thanks for the shout out :)
study study study, 2 more finals tomorrow and then done(:
YES!! I swear 1 day I'm gone cut you off for good tho lol
Looks like Baylor v Louisville
thank you Arielle. You are the best. ;)
Enjoying post- registration desk fun. is such a quality event!! Kudos to
How 'bout request for "Happy" - our wedding song! #Springsteen tix tonight was my 10 yr anniv gift to best husband ever :)
babe . Besok free ?
how big of a group?
When people try to argue w; you then be nice later, that shit doesn't fly well w; me, <<<<<<<
Dave Winer's observation that "Because the guy who can turn it around isn’t good at fighting internal BigCo political battles" also applies…
Hey, congrats on your "Dreamers into Doers" feature! Just saw that on your blog :) BTW, you look so cute w/Anthony Bourdain!
I work w/ a guy who is good friends w/ ponson he is a good guy lets him go to Aruba alot on his expense
Hey bro, you're gay.
CLEAN them dishes as soon as i get home! -_-
Oh, ASU College of Nursing and Healthcare Innovation, I already gave you quite enough of my money. But good luck in your ventures!
i did
That endorphin rush was entirely too high for the actual situation. There was a tiny victory dance in my heart.
online full tilt poker 2$ nhi lo sngs need players lol get online ppl
Aaron Craft is the most annoying caricature of what a white basketball player should be. Jumping around like a coach and being a cheerleader
MT : #21stme Museums r good at social media to broadcast message. We need to leverage SM to engage & expand our work.
Like who the fuck do you think you are?!
I think coffee shops should have happy hours too :)
Very impressed with Mathematica's graphing. Is the nothing it can't do?
Shirts are fucking sick...that is all
#Yankees load 'em up again in the 9th w/ 1 down and add another run to go ahead 8-5 on an #EricChavez sac fly to CF.
RT if you love :)
Good night to the peeps of Twitter am *so* tired and have a Long day tomorrow. Z dreaming of presentations & flying brooms ;)
Pete may have forgotten you but I got your back Brent.
What a boring game.. think i'll go poke dead things with a stick.
9:15 Let's have a great day everybody
You've got to believe you are worth more than being repeatedly hurt by someone who doesn't really care.
writing til the battery dies on this scene. Intensely emotional moment and I don't want it to die on me! LOL.
#My followers help me find an acting coach i wanna pursue my dream of been an actress if u guys could help me txt me at 2606020373 plizz!:)
Mississippi disagrees.
Retweet this if you know your library card number by heart. We're taking a tally of awesomeness.
Whaaaa right in the kisser????? Wow Beth ...REALLY?!?!
Nice to see admission, but will there be consequences RT : RT : Close call in Pdx but w/replay goaltending was incorrect
If you have to forecast, forecast often. Edgar R. Fiedler
VIP baby! RT : hey we're in. What level tix did you get?
Things I do at 5am; comparison shop AC window units.
We have a winner! RT : did it.
Heh. Then maybe I should abandon Google Chrome.
Don't forget to mention aviation. 1 RT ticket from NY to SF spews 1742 kg CO2e—same climate impact of 116 days of driving.
The little one is getting married lol
90 degrees outside and no air, this sucks
Anyone selling 1 ticket to Boys Noize tonight @ mezzanine? We just need 1 more
sounds like you had a lot of fun last night with your TAB. I can't wait until I'm a teen librarian!
Three Floyds Night on Jan. 31 at #TwinAnchorsBBQ! Thx for the mention!
that's hard for me to believe.
Natural history museum today!
i spin hip hop. i grew up here in tucson but just moved back form OKC. so im starting fresh in this scene. kinda been......
I like that also says "goobers" ... I'm in good company!
I am enjoy the night at the 2011 Texas Medal of Art Awards in Austin.! Pics to come shortly!
We are talking to Miss Black Minnesota USA coming up on the ! Happy Black History Month!
I'm trying to figure out how this nigga over an hr late for my cuz PROM!!! Shud BET HIS ASS 👊👊💢💢💢
Thank you so much for the RT. COCA appreciates your spreading the word about all there is to do in Tally!
did yu get my message from last night Yu was the only one that didn't answer
Whoa, #blastfromthepast! #KillerInstinct!! I think I still have that cart somewhere. Dang, gotta check now...
Must wake up! Z
No no no. You're thinking of The Business, which my manhood is appropriately named. I distinctly said "my BIDness."
Hope everyone had a great #weekend!
Is it weird in here, or is it just me? ~ Steven Wright
would u b interested in donating $25 2a nonprofit scholarship fund/program 4 HS junior girls in return 4free ad etc? Msg plz
Any CA peeps need a gallery installation or help getting your prints up? will be in SJ 2/1-2.
Thanks for checking in!
Dang, Crossgates Mall is poppin' these days!! Most of my favorite stores have been completely re--done.
That explains how I got them 5xtra pnds
I cannot stop listening to I Am Second by the Everytime it comes on I push repeat at least 3 times! Awesome song!
What I accomplished in clinical today: I managed to pick off all my nail polish and I slept.
I've never seen real cheese as stringy as it is in pizza commercials.
Remembering Sunday by All Time Low. Gets me every time.
I love when life gets amazing.
heck yeah! We will have to load up on PBR silos for that show again
I hate when people try to be like you. #POSER!
twitter glitter dirt party i have some extra cameras to flickr with #queerdrupal #drupalcon # bit.ly/dAUPYp
thi reminds me of that episode of icarly iphsyco
I love soo much
Tonight im gonna stay up late and have fun . Chillin on the computer (: Im so bored aha .. ♥
Spent National Best Friend day yesterday with Love you guys
Another sea of tears from the baseball gods for Doug
I don't know how many you're expecting....but I've only picked up one from Amazon...
When ur #ex asks u if v still can b friends after break-up, Its like a kidnapper tellin u to keep in touch
Thanks Candia please keep me informed of local events!
I feel horible :/
~Author UnknownA great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness .
Thanks for the RT ! We appreciate it. Please stay posted for the latest in
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss
LOL THAT TO
AW, well. My eighth grade math teacher was an old, haitian man who was annoying as hell & we always messed with. 
Th afternoon BPS baseball and softball games postponed due to weather. Track meet at White Stadium still on.
Tks for making Marta feel so welcome at service today!! Thanks for loving on our online hosts!!
Fruit, wings, Caesar salad, souvenir bucket snax, soft pretzel, dogs, brat, burger, fries, desert
Good time, vegas-style!!!
Sometimes I Feel Like no one understands me...
Well. Joshua Ledet's version of James Brown's 'Man's World' may be the best Idol performance ever. Win this thing! Such a pro.
great campaign, but a bit sad, no? one of the greatest living designers working for diet coke.
well my hair looks great for a Friday night
where are you?
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb
"Holy souped up monster truck." -Mr. Mackenzie wen he saw my dream car.
Are you ready for some football (world style)?
Thanks! I'm really happy how the site came out too. Left CO a month ago, loving Portland.
Still a lil mad
Well it was a great concert last night at the Tropicana in Atlantic City. Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman. WOW
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didnt use it for a long time....
Oh. My. Goodness. The conversations I have with this guy>>>
“: Whose idea was it to make you have to move your car to a different side of the road every day?”somebody wit a garage
We are hosting 's 2012 Business Summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs (Apr 4). Have Press Pass 4 event. Interested?
just warning ya'll, there will be backlash when it is found out that every single hologram is lip-synching.
Cats are the coolest
So many coaches want to blame/credit the scheme but so often it's the effort within the scheme that determines whether execution is good/bad
Someday we will actually get a new sofa, but until then, this one looks way less shabby.
Awesome fun fun show for the kids at Trinity! Thanks to the guys from for the support!
Just bought my copy of the #zombiebible and I'm so excited!
People are filing into a Seaford funeral home to say goodbye to ATF Agent John Capano who was killed New Years Eve during a Rx robbery.
Happy new year east coast!
1 minute countdown to the tradeshow rush #SXSW. Come check out why #sliderocketrocks and win a free MacBook Air!! We are by the Saloon bar
All im going to say is if you are going to talk so much crap about me you should at least have the guts to say it to my face! (cont.)
I wouldn't just don't need my 15 mins of making an ass of myself like some of these ppl
I agree. Perhaps it's possible to be both. I doubt he's the dastardly villain Tesla fans desire him to be.
BatCall for !!! Where are you?!? We have to network! Ninja has arrived!
we need to hang out soon!
Im tired of hearing "piece of cake"
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
wearing a purple shirt with red shoes.... like really dude shoot whoever taught you to dress! ULTIMATE
Where are you going? To the casino. I thought they were only in las Vegas lmaoo
What's goin on Jenny?
No wifi! Boo, can't check work email until I'm back at the hotel :-(
the wash post has been doing it too.
the Eco-route says ill be there in about hour and a half.
it was great talking with you today. Let's stay connected.
Should work. What time?
Great meeting in Santa Fe & lunch at Blue Corn Cafe! Delicious tamales! Heading back up soon... can anyone suggest another great lunch spot?
when will The Future of TV be available on-demand?
What am I saying? Lol :)
The NBC Universal commercial story about the cruise line was pretty amazing.
it's alright sis!!! You'll find a better man😊 I know that for a fact, he'll realize what he's lost REAL SOON!
I'm gonna give all my secrets away:)
#givebig A 24-hour online giving event 12/14. The Foundation will match upto $150,000 to incentivize giving during this period of time.
Thanks so much ! That was such a great project to work on--glad more folks are getting to see it.
sad but true.
I am excited to announce that I recently started a #nonprofit #project to raise #funds for my BFF ! Website is coming soon!
is pushing through Monday!
Back to Miami already? Yes
going to get my Steve Maddens today(: can't wait to wear them out!
come on let me take u :)
Me and my immobilized wrist and thumb are going to take a pain pill and a nap in that order.
RT Secretary Duncan entering. Expect a strong focus on #education in tonight's
The only way to beat your book is to out work them. They do this 24 hours a day,do you have a capper that has a global network that does?
At seventeen ~ the sweetness ~ of shadows
Great to meet today. I'm a big fan of and all the great innovations they're making.
I thought it was just incase he forgets how to start spelling the name on the back : P
so is delegated to superstars and pre ppv YouTube matches?
You know #Apple may rule the world when you are upset that your PC can't charge more than 2 Apple devices simultaneously
Excited about the spring semester and fleshing out my research objectives into something powerful and transformative.
Jim Morrison tee is amazeballs! :D
you didn't spring for teh deluxe model? lol
Spring has sprung! RT : Stuhr's 1890's Railroad Town opens tomorrow! Costumed interpreters, working trades & historic homes...
#poem Feelings awful and wonderful accompany the birth of every child. It is the rest of their lives you must attend w/vigilance.
Democratic Womens’ Group Arises
I want it, I want it bad.
Thanks, I will check them out!!
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)))xoxx
Might Not Be Able To Talk To Him Tonight :(
I had no idea that we would have such a cute puppy in the office today! Otherwise, I would have.
Make that a quadshot :)
Harada: Students today are multi-taskers, but we are uni-tasking them... Read the book, listen to lecture, etc There's a disconnect.
Thanks to everyone who made it out to hear Mr. Gary Perlin (SFS '72) speak this afternoon!
We are playing with the iPad2 ... what are your favorite features?
- What rule did you break?
Ladies Night @ Dorsey's Locker w/DJ Styles 2nite, 7p - 12a, 5817 Shattuck, Oak. Live Music, Drink Spcls & Ladie's Massage + GR8 Soul Food.
I LOLd at "James Michael Johnson Cougar Mellencamp."
Time to use these iTunes cards from Christmas haha
Thinking bout my family Love you all so much!!!
Truth.But its equally true that you cant stop people from trying to fake it. RT You cannot fake soul.
will be jumpin with ya tomorrow night! Go Bulls! Looking tough!
Absolutely RT survival rate nt changing in 2 decades, I think people would think it had changed by a lot.
If I still cared about my resume, I'm pretty sure I'd put "Kick-ass Pandora Station Creator" on it. Oh, where the ego will roam.
Muppets is a very fun-for-all-ages flick, and pretty smart, to boot. Do it!
Why not? He's hilarious, and I hear some people find him attractive.
Time to make moves. No time to wait. I've spent too much time waiting on other folks
Pinewood Derby time!
It's #biketowork week! Are you biking today? (I'm still undecided.)
Putting together my animation reel! Can't wait to post it!
heck ya!
The key to maintaining pure boundaries in public is saying NO in private. -
Chicago Craft Beer Week is going to be nuts in Logan Square
Should I go horseback riding tomorrow?!
Argh, too much good stuff a #ASJa missing online markets w to hear food/nutrition editors including
Follow , ex-Wall Street analyst for all things social, mobile & startup. Plus, Batman & Star Wars!
'Tis the season... for job interviews.
buy our eggs locally from Congdon Farms, which have nothing to do with the recall. So stop by for some healthy & delicious breakfast tacos!
<3 <3 big big BIG announcement next month. Stay tuned <3 <3
Totally. RT : Saying goodbye to my #ONEmoms counterparts in DC was not easy :( Definitely friends for life after a trip like this
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, and don't put up with people that are reckless with yours.
I'm really hoping that another network picks up Harry's Law. It is one of my favorite shows.
OCLC survey: Joyce: if we create standards, will ARL add them to its overall stats? ARL trying to cut down on data collecting
gossip girl or new bachelorette?!?! #pgp ... bachelorette!!!!! bc who's NOT going to watch tonight. i mean, seriously...
U live and learn
Wade is turning into Kobe pretty much, except his complaining is happening lil more often which that needs to stop
by the way I probably spelled so many words wrong don't laugh at me lmao ;D
Just going to keep my mom in my prayers
Step 4 Determine how long each exercise should take to see when each clip will be released in your autoresponder schedule
Nice stab and throw by Martinez at 3rd to end the 7th.
woo hoo!! Congrats!!
Guys what sense does it make to look at another grl in front of your grl????
i hope you realize the season is longer than a month!
Pick me! Pick me! But I only know how to use a french press. I'm good at it though.
Too much happening all at once..
Our youth have been educated by the lyrics of mainstream recording artists- its no wonder they rely on spellcheck and autotune for dignity.
Why are liberals who want the government to regulate their health care upset that the government wants to regulate their internet?
YOU DO NOT PAY TOLL to my house jon! thats aunt kates lol my exit is TORRENCE
Lately I have been waking up at 530am inspired to write.
yeeeaahh not more singel got a verrrrryyy sweet boyfriend omg i love u baby see u in school <3
Good morning UK tweeps! Sleepless American twit wishing you a happy Sunday :)
#NewFeds interviewing outside of library jobs, lose the library jargon. "plain speaking is a valuable asset"
Trying to reach 50,000 views this month for the trailer for "A Christmas Wish"... Hope you'll take a bit of time to watch and help spread t…
I'm up too! Good luck with your games!
fair enough.We are still wondering whether we would hang out with us as long as you did if we were you. That makes sense right?
- Omg at votec Cant believe it aint nun but 8 people here out of da whole damn votec skewl
good. this has to happen. 3 essays in less than 3 hours
Absolutely. You can contact our HR dept for info.
you should post that picture of us :)
but you're already doing it, is the good news!
Morae and silverback usability software: new to me!
u mean me and luis party ? Eww i dont wanna see u tonight lolz !
Well, it doesn't hurt as much as the Raiders game, but painful, nonetheless
Pretty sure just convinced me to buy a GoPro camera for diving. Of course she points them out the day I get a bonus at work...
Get it!!
Not quite yet. Will keep you updated!
you told me all this stuff but I'm confused when I read your tweets I think your beautiful and cool to be with but idk Wat to do
There's value in the demonstration effect; can help sway indecisive FAs. Also low-risk, total risk is just $27m (not $200m).
Liam Hemsworth getting punk'd :)))
Got a iPhone for Easter
Big Soccer Match Sunday at 8am LIVERPOOL vs CHELSEA!
Wasn't that Kelly Clarkson? Ha..
People are so sad when you have to tell them they number 600 on the hunger games list!
Driving around the district blasting de la soul on this gorgeous spring day.
Cannonball boss nova on wbgo this morning. Another mp3 to steal.
No need to watch tonight, my agent tells me I'm not gonna be picked until tomorrow.
WE BUY GOLD! PAY MOST ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99! WE SIZE WATCHES , REPAIRS!
I think its super weird that some people like mcmuffins more than biscuits. Biscuits are where it's at!
#Memoir Book Party TODAY. 5pm. Busboys and Poets (5th and K St) THE 5TH INNING by E. Ethelbert Miller
Facade Grant applications due today! Please let me know if you plan on applying!
RT : "1st time I interviewed Brian Blade..made it clear..his influences were church, Levon Helm & soul music." -
BBM PIN: STOP ASKING!x
Sometimes I start to miss you, I really do. Then I think about what you did to me. I can't stand you, omg.
To bad they can't combine Liposuction and oral sex, the world would be a much thinner place
Can we all hold hands across America until Whitney is off the air?
Rangers and Devils, who will it be? Does Cam Janssen see some game action? Does NJD start the same lineup as 3/19 game?
Absolutely. How many times do u go out there to see him when he's not with u?
we have 2 other freshmen girls and a junior guy!
Chicks with big titts with no ass shit looks weird lol
If we gonna WHOOP-ASS, let me crack the first can
Congrats to my little brother and best friend, for completing his degree and 4 years of collegiate golf.
am I a dork for wanting to hang my grades on my fridge?
Well spoken David. Of course that is exactly what my wife does...
#Bcfm is tasting pale ales tonight.
Congrats to Chris Ruzich for his guess of $1200 on the Friends of KCPT page on Facebook! He was the closest. WTG!
Keep an eye out for the next TRUCKEROO 3 on August 12th! More information coming soon...
Dave Matthews Band
Alright SNY, I'm sticking with you (instead of flipping to hockey) for good postgame sound from Terry and David. Bring it.
if this is what he wants and its what she wants, then whys there so much pain?
What am I looking forward to this summer, um nothing now that wont be doing his summer camps in Laredo,Texas:(
what did they do haha
What will you sing at karaoke on Thursday night? Think of a song. We're bound to have it! 1287 D Glenwood Ave Atlanta 7p-10p
Patricia Hswe recommends that I should follow you, and that we have quite a bit in common, including being vegetarians. :)
SMH DAMN MIAMI
give me more #kerosene haha :')
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what's for lunch! I'll tell ya....chicken pad thai with extra peanut sauce!
hey beautiful,text me I have a question.
Will u marry me Zooey, i wanna make music
I'll say it: the Bee Hospital skit on the first SNL was ahead of its time. People didn't dig science humor in the mid-70s. Now it would work
dried all natural dog food. Does that help?
aha feel the burn!
Just finished painting... turned out amazing. I will be sharing soon. Live your life awake... WEAR WHAT YOU BELIEVE!
in that case, I would like to fight both of you.
You've got to hit Robert's Western Wear and Tootsie's, too. Have fun! Hope you're well.
what I heard was in the hallway between the commons and gym
You both look beautiful!
Today, whatever may annoy, the word for me is joy, just simple joy. – John Kendrick Bangs
correlation does not equal causation, but I still like the chart!
Goodnight everyone. I love you all.
i wanna go to western playland so bad :l
A little off topic, but William Gay is no longer a Steeler!! This plus the dream game
Actress. Wrestler international fitness star and champion professional dancer. Model
this partygirl is gonna turn up the tunes and dance! wanna watch me wriggle & writhe? tell me your fav sexy song and lets get down'n'dirty!
kind of sick of my library's childrens area,chick lit area, teen area, jn high area - we are already doing this, right?
Happy Hour tonight and every weeknight from 5-7. BOGO
The Class 1 streetcars will be appearing on your television screens very soon... keep your eyes on this feed for the details!
That awkward moment when you're catching up with someone you don't talk for ages and you're just 😱
1st day of school!
Since the '72 Plymouth Duster or '68 Camaro is out, how about the new Mustang?
Looking for Mac-friendly presentation software for presentations to large groups. What did use when he was at RIT
thanks liz...not a lotta! you know, same old same old.
Well thanks for coming in we're glad you enjoyed the ravioli!
omg u cute stephen, u cute
is that in Miami??
The pleasure was ours!
oh... My twitter takes a while to load. Ops.
Your Saints better shred a lot of cheese tonight.
Will try to get to your session, Cameron.
So much for bein the perfect couple :/
RT : *singing* my bo <3 (u will always be my bo)
completely agree!!!!!
Liz Goodgold suggests new definition for alpha fem. It's more like protecting your turf
Just spend an interesting morning at the "Clean House" tv show's yard sale. I actually thought I was at a Pearl Jam concert in the mid 90's!
hope the current dates are going better!!!
There's still room in our beginner's brewing class tonight. Starts at 7. Start a hobby where the reward is beer!
Malcolm Floyd for another first ...18 yard ...Rivers just joined Marino, Brees and company for back to back 4K passing season
Was I picking my nose?
aw. Thank you! I did have a great day with my bestie and family. My favorite thing is when I got my bikini. :)
get your shit together!!
just some thoughts here! haha
Adorn the Wicked - Can't Believe in You @ Arlene's Grocery: via
But seriously, yours sounds like the opposite of despair & misery. & I don't know exactly wht it is bt I need some Sichuanbacon.
So many adventures, so little time. Time to get a-crackalackin'
Thrilled for Joss Whedon, he's the smartest fellow I've ever interviewed & now he's tops all-time at box office. Sweet affirmation!
LOL. Was struggling out there.
thanks for the S.O pal
So, 's favorite One Direction song is "Save You Tonight" & she just called it "Save Your Soul"
To the person driving behi....oh yeah, you dont follow me on twitter, so what I was about to say is probably useless
Thanks for the RTs
No joke, is a superb show! It is best enjoyed with and
haha! I know - I saw that. Hilarious.
What a wonderful image!!! Thank goodness someone shared that!!
That looks creepy!
In FAHRENHEIT 451, every citizen was forced to have 2 way TV in every room. Turning TV off was crime against state! NVRMD - Drones r here!
Agreed. 24 hours is a bit long (in this business).
You're Gonna miss This <3
Possibly a mixture of both! Are you going Dave?
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!! PLZ add her!! You will LOVE HER I promise she is so nice
I feel as wise as the old owl.
RT : BREAKING: North Carolina's anti-gay marriage amendment (amendment 1) has passed -
When Cary Hoffman was asked if he would ever live abroad, he responded: "Yeah, Brooklyn! That's the farthest I'll ever go!"
That is awesome news!!!!!!!
I'm a Sporting KC fan in Boston, MA. Is the game being broadcast on national TV?
What a difference I can feel in my workouts now that I'm eating a bit more
I need highlights and a haircut and money and a life.
The real race will begin soon. I speculate it will be a race between Obama and Romney when the GOP primaries wrap up.
I rise again i am a blessed man thank you
Prof asked about finding review articles for cognitive science/psychology/philosophy. Any tips for finding them? (Class is all freshmen.)
Even though i know, i don't want to know. Yeah i guess i know i just hate the way it sounds.
After today, I'm not sure you'll be around to see July...
I was just working with him at the Hollywood prom last weekend!
Heh. Pitt international center spring picnic billed as "the best excuse to get out of the building without an EMS alert!"
Just landed. Who won, the ads or the football?
has anyone tried the bleach challenge yet
things are better?
I know Sarasota well I used to train in Bradenton.
i know I do miss my brother
My apologies to Bo Ryan... Florida State you suck
I never seem to get it done at night. If its gonna get done, its in the morning.
the customer is not always right. Did not accept return with receipt. That
Danish men are so beautiful its not fair
The ONLY way to improve upon the Dems. Vegas-train Gig is to include a CRUISE-SHIP leg.
hybrid e-ink and backlit tablet device? Can I stand in line behind you?
I know it sounds like a fairy tale but I still believe in that :)
WAKING UP DRUNK FROM LAST NIGHT <<<<<<
Photo Essay on the NYPL Schwarzman Building www.j.mp/9kdDjR
There were 29 players in today's $140 buy in noon tournament. Top 3 places get paid, first place $1758. Next tournament is at 7 pm tonight.
Ion even knoe my niggas/bros twitter names smh
super excited :)
Tried a new grain this evening, roasted Kasha, not sure I enjoyed its smokey flavor...
Hey , I'd love to come visit with you and Ms. I really miss you both :) I may have a chance to visit next summer.
Time. To. Fly.
this hina I know. But u take to long to reply. So i took care of it already.
Thank you for the RT! :)
1st book comes out n Nov, shopping 2nd around (again). Decided to outline the 3rd. In the midst of it now - why didn't I do this b4?
Also, school roll calls always include the initial, so everyone will know
Miss you too!!! We need to hang out soon
Rihanna's song Birthday Cake would be way better with Trey Songz in it...
what time???
omgz i'm running out of focus
Great Carmen performance with Opera Company of Brooklyn last night - already planning for next season- : )
Vagina joke are not funny. Period
Thanks Zig! Yeah, seems to be the popular choice.
i remember when in science we would sing baby making music to each other and make sentences Anissa and Matt would laugh so hard at us.
hahhaha. love it. now and then there's a patron that calls here on the weekend to ask the temperature. then hangs up.
I rarely ever say this, but I rocked my callback today! No matter what happens at this point, I'm at least glad about that! :-)
Boo, my iPod just died! I guess no music for me while I edit video. *sad face*
sorry to hear about your dog :-(
I wonder if knows that it is May...:P
I posted my first stupid ass tweet....
RT : bummed I can't catch tomorrow night at Or Vuvuzela (ex ) at Matchless tonight
I have my ND sweatshirt on today...and WE ARE MARQUETTE!
#onlyif Would follow me back ^_^
love you kiddo <3
seriously? all these trades in NFL & NBA are putting me thru it. Why old men want to ruin new careers is beyond me
If you are a #Piano #Bar #Entertainer we have a world class job for you! Contact us ASAP!
- here's to American Innovators working for the good of all man/womankind. 2012 is off to a great startup!
nice job on the beatles post! I am on day 5 sans coffee - switched to green tea to avoid headaches - seems to be working
Just watched the NBC dateline special on Whitney Houston. I really feel bad for her guys. So sad!!!!
I need a Slugger meme. Who is up to the task?
Big congrats to you my friend on your nomination for THE BEAVER . Good luck at the show.
.....just got home from antro....music was sick in both rooms.....the real Club Antro is back!!!!
I'd be interested in a trade.
Fashion Is Hot.....but....... Faith Is Hotter!
Haha... Someone with no front teeth hit on us.
is it live?! I'll watch!
that is not true (: when I return to my house I will dm you :D
My chest hurts bad so no school NBA 2k 11 now.
Great recommendation from : , #Detroit 's premiere #BellyDance troupe in #middle eastern dance.
- Thank you so much <3 I love you too! Mwaaahh;*
I mean look- when you got it, you got it
my ankle hurts really badly.lol
going on a couples retreat to Jamaica first of April
Going to artica tonight for open mic
Just learned of a new grape variety from central #Italy. Whose heard of Olivella????
a little birdie told me
glad some of our convo was useful haha!
One more to 80:)
Should I Post A Video Of Me Singing
I'd like to be everything you want :D
Checking in meeting!! Great turnout!!!
Very much loving Breaking and Entering by Eileen Pollack. Grub's National Book award winner. Fridayreads#
like an about me. For you twiitter page. I got one most people do.
Thanks, Vickie! x
I'd love to connect! I'll DM you back with my contact into.
I'm looking bomb as hell & now you wanna speak.
just read about your puppy...so sorry about the Parvo...sending prayers your way!
We will be billing Inno for roughly 42 pint glasses
: PV also hides the speaker & the "do-er(s)" from view; makes it harder to question both power & ways of knowing.
It's mine I spends it
I wanna know what I would look like if I got a spray tan.
guil two u two
they r a blowin....me
I hope to be there! RT : Who all is going to the honors banquet at #stc12?
Thanks! RT : I'm at 's #AIDSWalkLV at #UNLV...great day to be on the campus, the weather is absolutely beautiful!
Congratulations sir. You earned it.
Heh. It's funny, because it's true.
Rolling around an enormous suitcase on this subway commute and having men offer to help, makes me feel like an asshole--IT'S EMPTY
Yep. But we'll get thru it. As #Philly fans we always seem to.
When I grow up I want to be a dancing astronaut stay at home Mommy who drives a fire truck
Movie recommendation is Meryl Streep in "She-Devil"
I miss crisp cool (un-air conditioned) air.
Well hell , we went over and beyond that. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
True! Crowdsourcing human traffic in metro region would be interesting to see! Just tap mobile data.
Happy mothers day .
My boyfriend just broke up with me over text! Awesome now I can go out tonight and look for my rebound :) TGIF
I wiSh I had her beautiful curly hair
Awesome Career Contest happening. #Eng9 students can submit career projects and win 100.00. See me for details!
Those predictions are terrible
Thanks Peter! :)
Going out tonight no laying up watching hbo 
sorry i left the chat my screen froze so i had to end it
Good to see you on Twitter.
I love you too!!!
Playing tomorrow at Ground Zero, Wednesday at Borg Ward.
oh lets go paccckkkkaaaaaasssss!!!!!
In the "real" world people use Delicious, in academia use citeulike, mendeley for social bookmarking
Great product! Love the compact look and ability for MOM to put in her purse! Call our office to set up an interview
thanks for the retweet! Hope you ate having a great week!
Yesterday we have transported Bears' Matt Forte and Johnny Knox to the Soldier field for a quick meeting and back to their homes! Go Bears!
Come check out our Bordella it is beautiful and probably just what you are looking for! :)
I really don't need to develop an insomnia habit.
I know where u from?
In my cookie: "Promote literacy. Buy a box of fortune cookies today." What kind of fortune is that? Seriously.
Kinda been blasé about NCAA games most of the day. Guess that's b/c they haven't been like VCU-Wichita St!
i play basketball at Emory so I can't play IM football, SIG NU needs you! Please let me know if this possible...you the man 35
watching the brewer game
5 lbs till my goal weight :) !
I am the light of the world. If you follow me you won't have to walk in darkness because you will have the light that leads to life Jas 8:12
Someone's copying you in the stands gumby
looking forward to a great night at Epic. Talking about "If you really LOVE me then REACH Me!"
“: What's up”. Chillin! Happy it's Friday!
I love u
Good morning, all. Coffee is on !
Kudos to People's Bank-Albuquerque (bankingunusual.com) for overcoming obstacles and following through with a closing today!!
is just jealous!
Stop telling me how awesome Cabin in The Woods is already. I'll see it soon enough and the world will survive.
Free box of ProV1s from The Boss. My sincerest apologies when some poor folks find her name on the golf ball in their living room.
GREEN MANSIONS 1959, one of the few Audrey Hepburn films I haven't seen in its entirety. Love 2 find it on-line someplace.
sorry I was off today, glad mama tapps loved the cornbread. You know that's a recipe, right?
Noeleen: In a crisis, be careful to make sure spokespeople are not cocky or if they have a problem with people second guessing them
he would get a girlfriend , honestly some teenage boys have #norespect .
Last niqht I had a dream about you<3
ha, no, just 2 hours of people in the only bar in town telling me so. It went from complimentary to awkward.
All I ask is that you don't try to mail me, just to see what will happen. cc:
Wow, Blount mowed over Bishop and a few others, dudes a beast
Sometimes I just have to wonder who is getting federal jobs... I'd have an easier time getting out of Labyrinth, I think.
gonna quote songs that come on shuffle...ready set go.
Cubs beat the Cards in walk off fashion. Even though we're on our way to a 60 win season, it's always great to beat your rival!
Office Depot Reports In line
I couldn't wait to win an elliptigo! I "invested" yesterday... love elliptigo!!
Sorry about your experience! Did you find a place? Check out South Lake Union.
All the OKC talk filling up my TL>>>
Clean Coal Campaign Teams with NASCAR - Power Engineering Magazine
take me to wright today I'll give you a present Friday 😁
GUESS WHATS TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!!!! AH
If you partied hardy for the Oscars last night, a good Swedish massage would feel great today!
thse bitches on 16 & Pregnant make me mad as hell.
CAN'T STOP WAN'T STOP STAY GRINDING.
All right. Voted. Dropped off kiddo. Rear-end in seat buckled for takeoff. #dl10 here I come!
why do people still use rar?
muni is so
I will! My heart lies with IU but I can't turn down seeing the other Zeller, live in St. Louis!
Need more video visuals!!!
Denver colorado !
not today. Sorry. Got plans
Kings of Leon.....
<== she cute follow her fo me ^_^
Good night PINAS! :D good morning CALIFORNIA! :D
How the hell are you leaving me alone tomorrow? I'm gonna freaking die without you at practice ugh bitch!!jk I luv you be safe
This is the *perfect* day for outdoor dining in #Arlington! Which favorite patio or rooftop bar will you be visiting?
Its early in morning...just dropped off the daughter for all day vball tournaments
“: Chalmers lil gay ass dont want none of david west” if he's gay he might... But he dont want to fight thas for sure
Congrats on scoring the second interview!
True, I was out for one last night myself!
it's always a fun time.
Thanks to everyone that came out for the show tonight at . rocked the bar of course and is mass appreciatedd
"Wouldn't have done what's on this video in his right mind" Are you in your right mind broadcasting this?
So, essentially lose 30 by age 30. I'm not going to tweet what I'm eating or anything. Just need to put it out there to be accountable. xo
all i want to do it watch the Avengers again
I live across the street from a #Target. It's both horrible and wonderful.
I compared the two, Davies was slightly better
I dont really play sports, lol where do you live? lol
The notion of the 1% demonstrates that this may be the most corrupt period in history - and corruption thrives in and leads to decay
No doubt!
fascinating. Have you talked to ?
hopefully my brother baby ricky gets better and comes out the hospital
me too! but i really wish i could tell him
#MyStoryMySong = very touching, inspirational. Co-written by Now I'm looking up 'Streams in the Desert.'
Can't stop staring at the bad empty space in the corners of the shield on the #Nets logo.
Yelp, you cost me dearly. In the end you won. It wasn't you, but it was the computers on the other end of the trading that tricked me.
Thanks so much for the great #actorskey workshop on Sunday. Even with a cold you took the time to answer all our questions.
Smart Irrigation Tip: Is it time for an irrigation check up? Inspect your system monthly for leaks, broken or clogged sprinkler heads, and …
We rent copiers.. Let us know how we can help you. 303-778-0600
LIVE ON MFS RADIO.COM 210 SLAP A HOE SHOW
This really sucks that steelers are not in the super bowl. So to help with the pain will giveaway a autograph
No matter how hot, I have a difficult time taking an 'Ashley' number seriously
We're sorry to have disappointed you, Simona. But the good news is A60 will be opening Sat. May 12th at 8:30 PM! See you there!
Congratulations! It's an awesome place to be.
your cute no matter what :-)
Happy New Year twitter..... Stay tuned.
I read Leas story and i am sad but happy justin inspires lea and gives her strength and joy everyday.
Oh no..I just remembered DST is this weekend. I'm excited for longer days but not looking forward to losing that hr of sleep.
I been ripin n runing all day
#lifewaseasybefore I didn't know Jake T Austin.
Merry Christmas Everyone! Remember the most important thing in our lives are the people in it. I'm so greatful to have you all as friends.
1st Person to RT this tweet will receive a complimentary VIP booth this Friday with Champagne | | NOCHE FEVER| 21+
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it
no he always is outside! Lol
My old proofreading class: In an early lesson, the instructor revealed the spelling of "supersede" and half the students gasped audibly.
do you need promo? me too
Home for the last 30 laps to find Edwards in 15th....come on now.
A fusion of Peruvian and Italian! + delicious Pisco Sours! April 6th! Start at 6pm. See you there. 46 East Superior!
Noticing a lot of empty overhead space.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I love you so much so follow me maybe :)?
Responded to VACATE @ 108-34 64th Avenue, Queens, NY 11375 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I got to get a new laptop!!!
Thanks for the RT
Just saw the play MOUNTAINTOP in NY. It's a brilliantly complicated portrayal of King's last night. Bassett's performance is powerful!
Up early on a Saturday to head to #THATCampPNW where I will be roundtabling with and Terry Schenold.
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to get some designs for digitizing or vector art from your side. Thanks, FRANK
Thank you for your nice comments!
X THE DOG BEEN WAITING ON HIM TO GET BACK ON THE SEEN
3696 favorite color?:)
I loved 'Midnight in Paris' such an awesome movie!!!
Talented Reggae / Dancehall Artist From Toronto . Looking for some support lets do this !
tell him to make one
anytime my friend. Thanks for being a logical Browns fan.
what does that have to do with anything?
I enjoy reading this because I picture a fish bluff catching you and you rage tweeting in the parking lot.
Excited to see and in tonight! Break a leg, gents.
Man, brutal, brutal injury news about Suggs if it's true.
they do tht so u hafto buy more gum
IS "damn" a Curse word??
“: you have such an infectious laugh! :) fun being at #liveonkomo w you " SO SWEET! <3
Just saying the more respect shown to each other, the better chance of understanding, change, or both.
Nice one!! Turn it up!
Thank you to everyone who came out for the launch party on Friday hosted by the lovely &
I love the ones by Jiffy, but it all depends on your budget!
Tonight, a man asked me if my hair was real. Not believing me when I said yes, he touched it. So. Yeah.
Should be a good weekend.
Very Good and Funny weekend recap Monica. Great to meet you and look forward to next weekend in Birmingham!
haha what's her twitter name.
Bananas right? RT : 140 characters isn't enough for my thoughts
haha, nothing much, just chilling with the boys. :) Jake says hi!
Do not forget to hug your loved ones today. Hug them and tell them you love them. They should mean everything to you.
You're hilarious bro. Much love. Hope you crush it next season.
i dont care how they got there. just that they stated it for everyone to hear. that is going to [hopefully] do a lot for us.
I think my overall quality of life drastically improved after I started following on instagram. My goodness...
To inspire a community that will build your business, brands need to integrate contribution into the business
Cool!!! What kind of tablets are you getting for 1-1?
Looking forward to it!
we've ate at this gas station everyday
Love you too sister RT": brother i love you!"
Thanks for following!
Haha, well, it did not work for me.
agreed. i don't know why, but, agreed.
LMFAO! RT who are these Badgers you speak of? Lol. I hope they like David Guetta...and lots of him!
Occupy PDX announces plan "to prohibit business-as-usual at the banking institutions that they feel have hijacked the government" on Thurs.
"Briannah does it cross the zero line on this ?" "Yes." "It actually doesnt." "Ohmygod..." "its okay."
:: Just made an STL shout-out on Live gooey butter cake, toasted ravioli and pork steaks sound good right about now.
Why she is still head of The Knockouts if Sting won and Immortal lost all powre still confuses me. lol
Yeah, I just hash-tagged myself! :P #CristinaCho - oops, I did it again! ;) #ClassicBritneySpears Good night!
some people dont know how lucky they really are
Waiting to interview Ingrid Monroe
Congrats to Rich Peverley and the Bruins! Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Ultimately It's My Decision To Make But I'm Trusting GOD On This.
: talk by made me stop see and hear the 3 empires in a whole new way, thanks for telling me about it
no problem. hopefully you get it working in the morning.
so how did Justin Verlander do tonight? also, does anyone know how many pitches he threw?
Seeing Fever/Dream on Thursday at the Woolly Mammoth!
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree! haha jk!
you I like it.. you want me to put you on the site? its free!
Gotta be related to Hubert Davis.
Nice meeting you and learning about your business at
FOLLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU <3 IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH TO ME
I am no baby ass girl!! And no I was no I was 10 minutes up the road from you in Denison.. Lol
SOMEBODY SKYPE ME!
Man I didn't see u in forever. I miss you shoot RT : Lol, what's up T. I'm around.
My safe word is Ouch.
Gresham Barlow SD says no school for students Wednesday.. negotiations ongoing but teachers strike nearing...
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather to become a man of value. He is considered successful in our day who gets more out of life …
thanks for attending!
- that wasn't what I was going for...but you fell for it anyway! ;o) Talk to you soon, Myrna Smyrna.
Belief creates the actual fact. William James
20 minutes until our first meeting of the semester! excited to start a great year!
ok i'm getting off text me i feel like eating poptarts and i hate when it gets all in between my keys
copy your new code> paste it in> save & close.
yeah. i had to put the gym part in there for that reason. haha.
Why most women tend to live in an abusive relationship???? Please get out why you can!!!!!!!
...Smiling... Well that doesn't happen often <.<
This game will have many disappointments but long as you learn from them that is all that matters.
#DontBeOnTwitterIf #YOLO is in every single Tweet
thanks for the BUZZ!
missed my window! I'll see if it circles back to resources.
I would love to be able to read it as I love all of your TVD stories. Just added you on LJ. My account is jadtennis. Thanks!
what's up!
Exclusive: very 1st to talk to abt hosting MBM, Stephen's old job. Very cool interview. Tune in Tues. 10p
Jus got done eatin and now I'm bout ta go ta bed
I hate me for that I just can cry about this.... what more can i do
My first period teacher <<<
Looking forward to PRSA's luncheon today: Ted Ballweg from the Alliant Energy Center speaks about event based PR!
Him and Quade would be BFF's. And that's not a good thing “: Sammy Sosa called. He wants his end of his Cubs career back.”
come to America :-)
Hello Friends, have a conference soon give me a call customized outfits 770-847-8155 #holiness, #modest apparel, #oneGod, #Jesus, #
Barack Obama for President, OOPS he is the Presi... HA HA HA, FOUR MORE YEARS!!!
: That #French Creole origin article looks good, I'll check it out after the game♦Please do, It's very informative
omgee I was doing that earlier tew
Crying doesn't mean you're weak, it means you've been too strong for too long.
kennedy town in hong kong rocks
Probably gonna do more job hunting tomorrow, gotta be able to get myself to Ohio next year... I'm determined to make this happen.
I get to go too woohoo !!!! Go g men
darkening already! Anyone else feeling like putting the sun on a leash and making it stay up longer?
Thanks for the follow. You know that we love you guys (in the most appropriate of ways of course) and appreciate what you do!
Didnt have my phone allday so I lost out on money!! But I'm back on it and its my birthday so I'mma get fucked up tonight!!
btw, what did he do that was "unacceptable"? I live in atl with you, so idk yet
"Tonight's MLS game sponsored by Tak-O bell" haha gotta love the Brit accent....
If field day is rained out I'm going to be so mad
So my sister looked absolutely stunning at prom !!!!!! I wish I was home to see her off. #tear ah prom night
4 more days y'all. Less for the private school folk. Lol.
The only goal I have this year is to figure out a way to go to Comic Con… But that probably won't be happening
Dear iTunes, why is it 99 cents for a song and $1.29 for a ringtone? Sincerely, confused
RT : just discovered you after listening to Brian Blade Fellowship (first album) - love your tone man :)
Thanks for the RT!
Love your website! It really displays your talents well... keep rockin it :)
Good service comes from great people. We get to work with, and around some of the best. Thank you to our employees and partners.
LOL, I am glad Gina, Your a wonderful friend and need to know how you touch people. and that's "touch" not "TOUCH"
hat fake laugh you do when you don't understand what someone said to you... You're like :D but deep inside you're like o_O
it'll be even more attractive with you as the godmother. js.
hey thanks for the RT, we are super excited about this new set of solutions and capabilities we are giving to customers!
These dreams i keep havin about my mom n grandma wtf
I'm so different from the girls you know... I'm not thin and I'm def taller than 5' 5" ... and you thought I would fit right in?
At some point you have to decide when enough is enough for yourself....
A tarnished ring on a tarnished chain time keeps changing come sun or rain
"William, stop wiping your greasy hands on your pants!" "I'm not - my hands are exercising!" o_O
If you haven't seen the sweet & sexy offerings from 're missing out! Come pick out something slinky at !
Do you like twibble? I need a new twitter client for bb.
#videoediting and #blogging today
Getting ready to watch the #NASCAR for the first time this season. Yay! Let the racing begin.
Don't like seeing shaq in celt green
Exclusive IMAX runs like MI:4 good for Hollywood? Clearly good for $IMAX, up 5+% and back above $20 a share.
Today the Museum enters our 14th year! Thank you to everyone who has been involved & everyone who has visited, helping to spread our mission
Your video can not be viewed on mobile and I'm on my iPod :(
not sure still working on the details
skipping school is bad Carla!
I luv criticism. It makes me dance like a butterfly in front of criticz. lol
We have the mass text system, but encourage teachers to use and to keep in closer contact with parents
My pleasure! What else do you watch for Halloween?
I do not like it. It adds no value to my daily life.
i put it back in ur locker
thank you sweetie,you know you the best too!!!
“: Greenpoint loses another gay bar, RIP Veronica People's Club" I wanna take you to a gay bar, gay bar...oh wait I can't :(
Hi Erik, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows? maybe someday we could work together??
doesn't realize that I have a shirt like my background here and it is way cooler than his :O but, none the less, cool as me he is.
lesbian sisters at war
Honored by Grand Jury Prize from ! Congrats to too for audience award. We love that film!
I wish Outbreak still toured..forever pissed.
#local #independent Printing Companies in #LasVegas...We want to hear about them.
Welcome to Titletown, Casey. Go Pack Go!
couple of them went to my high school
RT for a S/o to almost 3000 people that are
Everyone in LA is hella mad at the Lakers. It's comedy.
If the relationship is good why do you need a paper to define it?
I'm ready ! Let's get this Twitter Party going!
A weight has been lifted off of me. Happy about the business decision I made tonight. Looking forward to big changes in my financial future.
We gonna make it ~ Jadakiss
The samples were DELICIOUS!!! Thank you!
Did you know Oscar the Grouch was orange for the first season of Sesame Street?!
instrumental in coordinating & pep rally in '11
Haha yeah he came to the Dixie for breakfast this mornin lol
$5 All U Can Eat Tacos On Tuesday!! And Happy Hour Get it to Patron Azteca!!! Real Mexican Food!
YO I'M FRIED
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better ~ Albert Camus
Yes absolutely!
excited to meet you!!
via Bo just said he didn't call a TO because he doesn't like leaving inbounders with no timeouts.
": If he loves you, he'll show it & not tell you"
Eating apple slices and drinking muscle milk
I think you get more comments on your GAC about people disliking that you've met them than anything else. Great job on your vid
THIS CARTOON FROM MY CHILDHOOD WAS WEIRD! I FEEL SORRY FOR THE TRIX RABBIT HE JUST WANTS SOME CEREAL!
TTWLA 2012 MAY HAVE ALREADY LOCKED IN A VENUE FOR THRILL DAY 2012 YEAH
Baby come home late, tap me on my shoulder,I'll roll over.Baby I heard you, I'm here to serve u. If its love u need, to give it is my joy
Having a late dinner at tonight. Then Food and Wine Mag's showcase tomorrow. Fun!
Food fact of the Day: March 31, 1989 Japanese Chefs in New York persuade the FDA to allow them to import and serve fogu.
Can't wait to hear the debate on WPR tomorrow morning. Should be pretty enlightening.
We smoke dope, all day, all night...you smoke Reggie, thats that shit I don't like!
Thanks! It's kind of a fun idea. And thanks for the #brogramming support, too--it's a polarizing topic but important to discuss.
Uh huh. Lol cause i didnt wanna trun off yalls notifications to my phone but my battery does NOT needa die lol.
I hate havn to blow dry my hair
PR Newswire and Business Development Institute to Host a Live Event: San Francisco Content Marketing and ...
LICK - Short Film: via
that sounds pretty awesome! It opened today, we should try to go next week
yes we do.
I'm definitely seeing a weak group. : ..what is with these weak deals on #sharktank tonight!?
I jus got to my Gramma house, I'm bout to come up there soon (:
main problem was w/ defenders & how they basically gave up just before Mick was sacked! Not willing to pay new manager also!
Take a walk. Always works for me.
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
Thanks to and for speaking today Always great to hear your thoughts on the world of food.
different designs are probably b/c each dept bids out its own contract. or no one cares about consistency
you got it. The Bad Seed is the best. A blond haired blue eyed little girl who kills people and a really good liar.
There is something slightly funny ab the fact that you know TED talks will be over taken in Google search by Ted the movie.
I wonder if the Wolverine Fans are really going to cheer for the Spartans tonight...
Knee surgery tomorrow... Shall I upload photos to TwitPic? ❤
you don't reply to fans anymore :( I feel invisible...
#FF cause she is sweet :3
My love for Austin is bigger than :)
Are you still on scene? I don't want any( #EscapeRoutes : ) insider trading info, but did all players survive?
Yum. Hummus smeared on red pepper strips are a near-perfect protein snack .
thanks for the follow Brooke!
Wanting to do a Fitness Bootcamp. Wondering if I can handle the "work" in workout!
Thanks for the follow Carla! Look forward to your tweets
happy #monday all! how is your week going so far? anything happening this week?
Panera Bread is my Haven of Bliss.
B&h is mighty busy today. This is the first time I came here and the line was wrapped around the corner for both cash and credit.
Ugh I feel sick :(.
Just 3 more days guys!!! #UFConFox3 We can't wait! So proud to sponsor such outstanding fighters!
Performing alongside the lovely and talented Emily Clibourn tonight at Room 5 in LA. 10 pm. Stoked.
They're both bad with the bat, but you can't compare their gloves. Gonzo is tremendous in the field.
RIP Whitney Houston!
#BroughtonMemories Walkin all the way on the other side of the school to class in 6 min
pick your shit up granger damn
Thanks so much!
New iPad works on both Verizon and AT&T
"Come Morning" is coming soon to a theater near you. Follow us on FB!!! We need your likes to get into some more film festivals.
Is there a way for Man City to win the league AND QPR to stay up? That's my hope.
pics or it didn't happen
they say it takes a year and a half to come back from knee surgery. its been that for Grant and it shows
Is it just me or is the site down?
I'm looking forward to helping with some blog surgery this morning. Hopefully everything will end well.
Okay, I am on my way out the door. --Ready to see what this library is all about. :0
I LOVE MEMPHIS! GO GRIZZLIES!!!
He's a certified Mo-Town baller. He can wear what he wants!
New songs are up!!
Hahahaahahahah, absolutely!!!! With a cherry on top!!! Just for u C! ;)
" Your stupid words dont even phase me, so talk it up bitch go fucking crazy."
you never cease to amaze me great job. Can't wait to see what happens. Very sad about the hiatus
In bed by 830, you know it was a long day. #donttalktome #halfdead #shitidoformybestfriend @
Interested in the use RSS feeds in this web2.0 training
If you were at the boys' JRHS/Clover Hill game last night, you experienced some fine volleyball! Best of 5 went to CH over 1st place JRHS.
GUYS.!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to fix it.
really ridiculous bcause self defense is 2b be w/use of identical force #TrayvonMartin didn't even have a weapon
Shit. I just put all the business cards I collected at #cosugi10 through the wash. Sry if I said I'd follow up with you on something.
much better!
I'm cooler than Jesus riding a dinosaur.
Listening to Frank Ocean "Thinking About You" this song goes so hard
Where's Mummy?
Also, due to popular demand we are adding Chocolate Strawberry to the menu! yum Yum YUM!!!
awkward moment when twitter said you favorited something you didn't...
sorry but i forgot to put my name in the pic should i re-do it or can you put my twitter on the corner?
ya already know!!
.in my dreams mabye.
is the man
Upper st clair..too damn far
Feeling good about my bet with from a few yrs ago: "UK will win a Championship before IU goes to a Final4"
Where my Eastside people at?
higher swagger factor w/ G35. But the 350z has more mod options. Personally I'd get the G35 and slap hoes with it haha
Excellent! What's URL for the conference?
That's what I keep telling myself - about to start my first stage this week, and am excited but terrified!
you went !! awwwh, i would of met you & all the ICONiacz :)!!! im sad i couldnt go :\
yeah, I just started as wood elf.
if OMG was in my vocabulary I would find it appropriate to use right now. You were right. The vegan ranch dressing is crazy good.
Getting pumped for #TurkeyDay in just over a week!! Big travel plans or staying in South Florida this year?
Aftermath topic Kodak subsidary Pakon Inc #stocks listed define Insanity n
It's my understanding that is set for (part of?) another season. Once cancelled I'll be done with
is my favorite person to follow. Freakin' hilarious!
Watch Judge Penny Brown Reynolds on Dr Drew tonight at 9:00pm EST on HLN Network as they cover today's hot topics
DAM...Im jealous, have fun be safe. I got B-Ball we 13-3....playoffs soon cant wait!
Apparently Parmesan cheese is good on brownies, just ask Lily!
Dis bitch so smart she nothing but a dummy
from the what what ?!
good ol tosh
Nice weather today. ☀
It should not be this hard to create reliable, usable metadata for a new kind of Stuff.
Great talk today!!! Everyone in the comments & Twitter seemed to love it, too!
Mine too! That reminds me... I need a few more live plants for my apartment. Sadly, my majesty palms didn't make it.
you going to be buried by my house? I live right by the cemetery.
At the mall with Megan! Eating moes!! Tradition!
Like our restaurants? Write a review on Citysearch, Opentable, Yelp, or Google places and help us serve you more. Grazie e Buona Giornata!
hopefully it wont
made muhh self some pancakes:)
Call me heartless, but I could never raise a mentally handicapped child.
Job searching is tiring
Looking for Shipyard Pumpkin in bottles. Any sightings? Giant Eagle & are out.
these new ones were supposed to last, never under estimate the jackasses of Kentuckiana, they will kill to get home.
it's not my fault I have a heavy flow and a wide set vagina.
Fuck, I missed it!
inching up the ladder trying to make it work!
love me some k puff!
On my way for Brunch! Nice out NYC
we the ones that need to be watched
what was the score of your guys game
Watching American Dad
Leap Day! Feels & smells like spring outside!
damn how cute u r. Much love thanks 4 follow
hehe.starring from my window
re: war on cats. Citrus (Lemons) are supposed to work - if no deterrence, start throwing them at them . . .
We're excited to bring our personalized water use dashboard to Texas this summer. Knowledge is empowerment
Will you be my Valentine?
Hanging out with bri and Claire :p
nope haha unless we have to bc we were told if after two we didn't have to go to school
OMFG OMFG OMFG PLEASE EDIT SOMETHING FOR ME. I took a picture with Cody & we did GCF but the--
Y do hella pinoys and paisas got nike and jordan jumpman decals on thurrr carr????
USCTMB & London, two of my great loves, together at last! Thanks for cool pic!
not a stranger. anyone can tweet. some ppl chose not to and i didnt cam cuz i was sleeping dammit
i mean, stupider than usual
I like reading bout physics, just wish I started to read it long ago... Cramming for exam.
last tweet made me realize I don't follow enough NFL scribes. probably not true, but I'm a hoarder. Anyone have any suggested (nfl)follows?
I'm surprised how popular the air jordons still are, I bet he is 2. Walking home last night & saw a line in front of foot locker, new shoes!
Last minute interns needed! Starts Jan. To apply, follow us and send in your resume to
it's the way you make me laugh when I don't even want to smile<3
major delete party on fb!!!..had to get back to to the REAL people in my life
A few of my followers will be happy to hear that RT applied for #tsu...proud of myself...makin progress!!!
Never done, star wars jokes are.
. summit kicks off tonight. 160+ orgs from all sectors gather to discuss creating more opportunities for ALL Americans.
#oomf keep talkin bout basketball wives a lil to much!
": some alone time? I'll want all day!!!" Wont your fingers get calloused? Or waterlogged?
ObiWan: "Master Yoda said I should be mindful of the future." QuiGon: "But not at the expense of the moment."
Brand New Home under construction on 833 N. Buffalo St. Very desirable location! www.everetthomesnw.com
Hope you vote to keep the #Vikings in #Minnesota tomorrow
I know this is going to make me sound like a bitch, but I'm much happier without you! 👍
giving away free advice is time-costly!
YOU'RE
Listen to the Red Sox Alley Show in your car! Ford's Sync, Buick and BMW provide access to Smart Radio and the Red Sox Alley Show.
or a bowl of oatmeal? RT: It's moving day! So excited to have you back in my neighborhood! Welcome home cookies perhaps?
this is crazyy?!!!!!!!! worst stuff i ever seen in my life! maybe that fire will help put out the rain
I didn't notice you were on Twitter. Yay!
Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving expected to be named the 2012 NBA Rookie of Year.
Wow what a great end to the quarter. Beno hits the buzzer. Bucks 36, Knicks 34
MAN UP WIT YO TWEET'N AZZ....
Take a much deserved break from work and submit a question for trivia for Saturday's game against Portland!
One of our videographers has an emergency. I need another videographer to help film Long Beach Pride this weekend. Free entry! Lots of perk…
And for Android! Thanks.
Doing shot lists for my movie. O yea!!
ooh yeah, agreed!!
Goodnight y'all hope its a good one and sleep lifestyle was a pain and you just fell on a puffy cloud!
Check out our new galleries an then become a friend with us on #Facebook - www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage,
If you'd like further information on this please email Tobias at
urges schools to support the matching grant bill.
When we reject and deny our self and live a crucified life, we immediately have a new beginning in resurrection.
No! started on kickstarter for a trial run, dnt work well. I came to indiegogo with more time and visual aid now on to mrkt.
RT : “When did Amazon become the generic for bookstore?” A Buffalo bookseller skewers Amazon’s role in the ecosystem...
Getting ready for another fun teaching day w/ Little Star Guitar @ St Benedict Catholic School in Blue Island.
hey man. D Cousins just said he was headed to Gulf Shores. Holla at him. Lol
Being a real hoya means to ask yourself every day "How can I make the world a better place" and to answer by action.
If you’re looking for something fun, Pike Place Market’s Arcade Lights is tonight.
haha I'm great, how are you?
#Hobbit looks awesome...cant wait to return to middle earth :)
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can.
Well this isn't helping to alleviate my wife's unnatural obsession with Perkins.
Can't do nothin rite a hot mess
Thanks, I'm more the reporter telling the story of some remarkable colleagues. It is an interesting project
^Do you exercise as often as you would like?
- small, very flat world we live in. May see you NOLA next month William.
I did enough thinking, I asked enough questions; now all that is left are actions.
then let's go party! And get drunk!
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
been enjoying my last couple wks in my apt before i move.
its very yummy! a friend was telling me how to make it & i was coming up with some ideas - its a wine blend with fruit!
RT : I wonder if Romney is intentionally using "middle income" not "middle class" <-absolutely
did take that "no new taxes" pledge before he voted on that billion $ hotel tax hike?
thank you for supporting LBGTQ people it means the most to me a gay Youth. Thank Yu so much and i Love yu so much! Xoxo -MM
