Listening to Director Mary Jean Jakubowski at "Imagining Buffalo in the 21st Century" series - what is a library?
RT : If u can't 'give YOURSELF away', God CAN'T USE YOU..."I DIE, so that Christ may LIVE within ME..."
people that matters: aren't the people you meet; it's the people who actually stay in your life.
Recruiting for several #scanning / # indexing #clerks for a 1 month project in DC, please contact me for more information!
Pho for dinner (:
I hate how science is always making my smartphone hard to use. READ MY MIND!
Not even gonna text me back? Okay.
“: Memphis so ratchet haha WE TAKE WHAT WE WANT NIGGA!” <----- this nigga ! LMFAO !
I need help with my new Android phone. How do you view music files you've uploaded to your phone (other than connecting USB to PC)?
Laying in bed watching Jeepers Creepers
did you write for AIA in late 70's? Think you edited an article I wrote as #USC student. Good to see u doing well.
Love that devon is right down the street. M, french toast and #mimosa!
RT Thank you for your kind words! Excited to continue working together!
that's so cool! :) Niall stop tweeting I'm trying to pay attention in class haha.
Bloomington bound! Go Big Blue!!
Finally got my new phone everyone!! I will live after all
": ": SAT this mourning wish me #luck" let's go butta! We in there #letseat" hell yea butta and we need
Immigration Voice is attempting to promote legislation that would alter the laws
oh? very true. I'll see what I can do tmmw. and oh? I see u fav my pic that was meant for u :)
really? do u have that video link?
ok... so i feel like i have preety pictures but not exactly sexay ones! lol so imma work on gettin sum sexy shots with in the next month.
Adele <\3 Her Music Bores Me Sorry
Just downed my 6 meds. Fun Fun Fun! Sleep is inevitable soon, LOL! 'nite all...
Lakes ain't got enough for the clippers
Dude in front of me getting off plane has to personally shake the hands of all crew members before deplaning. Weirdo.
I need someone to talk to
Wouldn't be an issue if I had cable.
Glorify God, the rest will come naturally.
shout out to
How can we offset merchdsg sales - raise tix prices for those games - oh wait........
7 more days of #school left! Cannot Wait for summer! Excited for senior year.
Just came back from dinner with my dad. Excellent people and food, as usual.
A director for Catching Fire has been chosen. So excited to see who is picked for the cast!
True, but I did pick tall tales since I am creative. If I have to talk about myself...I clam up! Toastmasters will fix that!
S/O TO FOLLOW HIM
At the midnight premiere
This might be the worlds laziest twitter, 60 tweets in over 3 years?
“: Golden Retriever puppies are stupid stupid cute. Stupid. I can't handle it.”
testing today );
Working out like a maniac!!
gonna go watch porn and masturbate . jk im gonna go make some pizza and watch porn
i would say that's rude.
SO CLOSE
Didn't realize I had so many soccer fans on my list! Just so you all know, last night my friends and I organized a game of indoor soccer!
ugh work later today
Already?! You are awesome!
"She's so evil, and she's only in highschool" in jawbreaker.... so funny!
Almost done with this house, then off to my house to mow.
See you tonight! :-) RT I'll be there tomorrow : )
#dailyfeedback Guitar amp innovator, Jim Marshall died yesterday. Send the best loudest guitar driven rock songs. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm
Imy to where ya been hiding
you can say ima fast typer!! lol to type this lyrics fast lol
I'm also a sucker for a good infographic! Of course u can DM me. Cheers.
Go to Jackalope Lounj in Milwaukee to see :) Word on the street is he's handing out free hugs!
At the Citadel <3 (:
So I found out my cousin Thomas has the most goals in new York this year...
New job - Communications Manager Check the MAM newsletter for details or the CuyArts website
Tomorrow! Awake venue with APLT, Mask The Wretch, and many other great bands. Come!
well we can always go the zazzle route this weekend if we can't find a fit.
haha! Paul Newman? I like his fig newmans
why didn't they have al gore on there? didn't he invent internet?
Rise and Shine back to the grind it's Monday lol.
Wats up? Havent talked to you in a while..
Even if u have the plays it's nice to have them all in one package & it would make a great gift for a friends & fam!
RT. ": USA won the measure! USA is now 2-3 #onaroll #curling" //yay! Keep it going!
#ff witty, gorgeous and a breath if fresh air.
When can we walk?
"I'm too young to be serious"
WTF man. Hagadone comes in serving softballs, and Jeanmar gets absolutely screwed. What a waste of a great outing.
: me too! How many followers do you have?!
well deserved! Congratulations!
Any of my twitter friends own/operate a steadicam? Would love to chat with you if so.
you hush!
RT RT : #cool!.... Easter was great! "I WAS SO SLEEPY THIS MORNING"---> (Hoe yoyrs was...) lls! good morning ...
I know I'm not perfect, but you're pretty fucked up too.
Thanks, I did check it out!!
I'm not at all upset on what just happened . #strawberries?
Getting ready for the chicago
When you have a minute, shoot me a call please-
time to roll up
if that were me, I'd begin packing now
Oh okay then...
They can't all be Aaron Rodgers, now..... ;-)
Moments- One Direction
Wish a ni99a wood Like a Tree in this Bytch.. Real ni99a wasaa
*watching Key & Peele* / "check out this MadTV spinoff.. Kyle & Pete."
thanks, maybe I can bend one to work...could be a cool invention...saves $ too!
#ICanHonestlySay that my favorite sandwich at #Arbys is the
My son is eating a jalapeño-cheese bagel topped with Nutella.
Power rangers united! We all stand together. No matter how low the mountains nor how sticky the cactus or even how slippery the tacos! Nom
"wantonly annotated twenty years ago when I was a student, that I routinely underlined for approval details and images and metaphors that
Valentine's Day is coming up. Show your love for CU with your own "I heart CU" t-shirt. Hurry, quantities are limited....
Thanks! "Your Ex!"
yupperz im gonna try to make itban official fan page so he'll follow it then us.. maybe
I wish we could visit eachother. :( I'm so far away from everyone besides :(
RT Costs IRS 15 cents to process an electronically filed return. A paper filing? $3.50.
That was a great conference. Fired up and ready go.
Yall Sounding Real Fake With The Weaak Ass S/O 2 My lil Bro
Wish there was a quote I could use to sum my emotions at the moment
I hear 10-4!!! Let's connect late next week.
ellen i love you.. you're my idol... <33333333333333333333333333333333333
what you drinking on?
Sold out show with The Wombats at A&R Music Bar tonight! Hope to see you there!
i am integrating an ATS, but still have abt 50% emailing to get around "black hole" that wouldn't exist if they used the system.
Hi GRAM and GRAMPY
Finna Put Me And My Moma As My Avi..
I love the static in those pants, nice fashion expression indeed !
On it! RT : sadly, there is no Lysol in Ireland. You'll have to come pick me up in Cardiff...I hear there's a rift there.
Tom Barrett, other Democrats plan to canvass for votes, make phone calls across Wisconsin tonight
my eyes hurt so fricken bad
You know how it is BigFella...You either win or you loose. Crying about Bad beats isn't going to get you a discount. GL today!
Using hashtags used to seem retarded to me but since they are getting so common it is just like saying "lol". It's #normal now.
enjoy your time at the Bellagio!! life is rough!
Thanks, Jenn! How's the application/search/general finishing of degree stuff going?
Soccer in 90 degree weather was definitely a good idea. It was only the most I've played soccer in 3 or 4 years.
Sex is NICER than porn - you get that already?! (Grew Up Fast)
Man Overboard and MvC3. Talk to me.
hey so when you coming back
Yes, at some point we have to use mastery/competency levels to serve all students best interests.
Beary bear with my brother!!:)
I love emailing friends your advice column&having them reply,"You made my day!".
Ordered 2 giant menorahs for the malls in Atlanta! Spread the joy!
So not my day
no none of my uncles are teacherss loll:)
Natty light and mimosas on the beach. Good morning
We've officially won the contest to open for at their CD release show. Details to come. Thanks to everyone for your support
can't wait
No more bracess #wow 💚
I think EVERYONE could use some encouragement now and then. I feel like I get so much, the least I could do is pay it forward. :)
Love it RT : Just biked to work for the first time. All extremities accounted for. GREAT SUCCESS.
Hope the #lakers go down....
Yucky poo. I hate the Vet!
It is what it is.
Haha. Okay :) goodnight :) Love you! <3
Just met w/a wonderful new friend on campus. Great start to the weekend, but I wish I could add more hrs to today. Deadlines coming soon.
Id jump infront of a train for you. Really you would? -blush- Nah i was just lying. :D:D lmao... ~Cough cough~ thats not funny ~Summer <3~
Bulls - Heat game is better than WWF wrestling!!
Wtf is up with Degrassi girls using hair washing as an excuse?
I left my job 3 weeks before my daughter was born (19 mos ago) to start my own firm. Does that count?
Logan Benish with a two-run double down the left field line on a 3-1 pitch pulls Mineral Point within 7-4. Pitching change for Fennimore.
Tuesday #Training Tip: Encourage your #sales team to learn from their peers. Consider setting up a "mentor" system for best results.
Let's move past "write what you know." Write what you want to see--it may take some work and research.
Can you please RT me for my 23rd birthday? :)
#IHate giving people the wrong impression
When in dout dance your way out ΠΠΠΠ words of the wise
lucky guy. I'm sure he wants you too.
You've to been to NYC right?
Tired.....night
Up next on #carlsononthelaw Beaverton Mayor Denny Doyle on
Labor Day Brunch if being served Monday from 9AM-3PM.
cheers patty!
Mornting How's my TimeLine doing
Veep is such a good show.
I think tests, and homework are the most stupidest things ever invented. #myopinion -_-
#irallstars Q. I <3 talking to faculty, but I have 5000. What do I do? Royster: new faculty orientation is useful, physics profs' vitae.
tell her i miss her so much& love her!
OK peeps, Steelers or Packers??? There can be only one!
look around and wake up! Pretending were not it big trouble doesn't make the trouble go away
I think she has been living in London too long, picking up an accent.
I think it will be the same for CA! This ruling is a remarkable step in bringing our justice system closer to justice!
The #Duggars are going to have #20? Really? I can't wait for the episode when these kids want to wear jeans and drink beer (thanks, KK).
Cheers to Friday! No wait, cheers to everyday, and doing what you LOVE! ;)
Listeners, please submit your show topic suggestions for upcoming episodes. Hear Justin and Aaron battle it out on your topics next show!
Eating a burrito then going to a doctors appointment. That's the way you are supposed to do it, right?
Man, that track looks like crap, but hopefully they will b able to race. #nascar 40 laps to go......
Randy rogers you made me cry
Just finished written Ph.D exams.
I will pass it on, thank you!
Im Bored As Shit, make my phone ring!.
I hate seeing girls trying to get @ my boyfriend. -.-
haha well i did!
thought u was in Charlotte?
Now I feel ily ♥
Nothing but horrible stories in the news.
Yay for bubbles!
this is randomly on Dakotas bornday thing, but u cant:( she said how bouy tomorrow
- Thank you for the motivation, Megan!
Sweet! RT : Join on Monday to kick off #AskaPro Week with a deep dive into the membership:...
Hoes Want Attention....Women Want Respect...!
#nwpam11 loving 's tip on searching specific sites via google.
im up too early:/
lol im not working tonight :p cleaning up the casa
Can I ask how you know all those people from "So Random!" ???
These dudes toe nails next to me at the nail salon look like claws wth. I have to stop staring
<---- Uses code language to signal blacks to riot if Zimmerman is acquitted. Says there will be "extreme pain' in the black community
damn right!
Felt a little weird giving up my Idaho drivers license, this afternoon. Weird, but good.
Awesome Job today a as always!
We had a great day at the Restaurant Show.
I'm lmao at that banana lol
It's a fake holiday...hurray!
lock your toilet seat
Happy Monday! Thanks to a hug from my husband and smiles from my little girl, it is going to to be a great day. Wishing you the same!
Drink! #Whitney reference
the ones that my friend has awwe they are adorable
Prim reminds me of you. It's like the author met you as a little girl and got inspired.
Ugh, outside Y U smell like barbecue! I shouldn't eat that...
#sadatforum Prof. Shibley Telhami moderates conversation on Egypt and Israel w/Zbigniew Brzezinski & Stephen Hadley
What the hell, #Caps?
that's okay, I could always just walk down the street where there are a thousand coffee shops, or just go into the kitchen and ...
yay! You keep telling me that! Lol
Hey! :D I'm bored, lmao. What about you?
We talk so abstractly about poetry, because we are all bad poets. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Hey guys! Dont forget tonight is the night for our SEXY Art of Seduction Class! be there 8:30!
Okay, I know it's still not St. Patricks Day but, umm.....Happy St. Patricks Day! :)
rack city b×tch rack rack city b×tch
says that Life without music, is like Spongebob without Patrick
Smoking Good BBQ just picked up another BBQ catering gig in Boise, summer is filling up fast, get your reservation now.
« This life dnt last forever. #liveitup»
And my job for the summer cookin bricks all in the kitchen
I'm a Denver native so I'm spoiled lol but Denver is Amazing! Snow storm one day and running in shorts the next LOL
I'm working at the hollister down here! Haha. Actually, I'm at work right now :P
6509 SUP reset in production last night, another parity error:
#thatcamp at #aha2012. Interesting discussion on What is Digital History.
Dang man don't even talk to me no more
Reality check: NCUC co-founder reminds #ICANN Whois Reveiw Team that whois data is about surveillance of users and not consumer protection.
mona said its cuz hanna was her only friend and spencer, aria and emily basically stole hanna from her. monas in a mental home.
great stuff!!
headed back to the Burgh, but had a very productive week at
Thanks for the suggestion!
“: So many DrawSomething requests, so little time!!!” that's life for the Kreks this week. Haha
Marijuana...cocaine...heroine.... That's boring.
One of my fav #quotes EVER! Speaks volumes to who I am... “Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever...”
How many wins you think it could cost the Saints next season?
tonight I have a dinner but will be out tomorrow night - Iets try to have wine. I'll DM you deets.
Crazy Crazy :-P
God Is On My Side When No One Else Is
Hey Ato, thanks for the follow. Hope all is well and your NFL draft guys did well this year. Maybe I'll see you in London.
Props to IL Gov Pat Quinn for riding the gree line to override the bad advice Joe Biden gave about bashing mass transit.
deliberately missing your point? Nah. This is the internet. Serious business. I'd never conduct myself like that..
6 free movie tickets at Arclight... me so happy!!
if I remember correctly, today is your big day? I remember thinking it was your golden birthday.
It is what it is, and it sure is what it is not! Thank you! More please!
gotta stop staying at his house . . i'm not tryna be a happy mother's day recipient
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY be now? <3 8
": WOW! “: Colts and Manning will part ways, per team sources #NFL32”"-to the jets?
BIG THANKS TO for the shout outs and the cross promotion!
You guys are the best ♥ Wanting to see you in concert soon ♥ .
ENKG STILL RUNNING!!! YESTERDAY'S GAIN 1200%
48fps... High def... 4k... Etc... Audiences are simply not use to it yet. Our grandkids will be, and they'll think 24fps is bad.
Who ARE you? Reveal yourself!
you are a sexy and talented woman with a natural ease and playfulness! It is always a joy to work with you!
Committee, city and donors are working to bring Christmas lights to downtown ... - Abilene Recorder Chronicle Committee, city and donors
And the site is derping again. Yay for inconvenient web hosting downtime.
Create an #email with 60% text and 40% graphics. Great advice from !
fingers crossed for some US shows. Seattle is only 2 hours south u kno...
Yeah man, one of the best in game ally-oops I've ever seen
Before cell phones, did people in this town just sit and stare into space all day? (sent via cell phone)
Headed to Myrtle Beach... this will be my first experience recruiting in the "Dirty South"....leggoo
Thanks for the retweet! I love reading these kid letters. Too cute.
Tina decker: employee engagement is so correlated with business performance, it can PREDICT metrics
So my sister's game got called because the other team threatened the ump? That's Penn Hills for you....
"So what if I'm jerking myself off?"
looking good on the national broadcast there mister.
OH on the livestream of #MayDay protests: "The revolution will not be televised!" "But you are being televised."
#WhenImBored I sleep :)
haha very funny Liam ;)
hahaha omg too funny! of course i forgot you were lightskinned! lmbo!
RT : Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ~William James
thnx for following me
This line for free Rita's is of Biblical proportions!
About time that Zimmerman got arrested and charged... now hopefully justice will be served.
woke up before my alarm at 6am ... too excited to work on to sleep!
El rodeo
I love the feeling when i'm on the elevator and my Beats are so loud that eveyone starts bumping to my music lol
Remember, pain is inevitable, suffering is optional ~ Neale Donald Walsh
that's cool . If your ever coming back we shall have to do lunch or dinner.
Twitter said to be wary of your account sending DMs on its own. The only thing our account does on its own is give creepy back rubs
My father is ridiculous.
Nipple to nipple hugs. Where does dream up this radio gold?
Tammy baldwins so liberal that nancy pelosi has to turn to the left to talk to her - thompson
I'll come now - where u at
Hey hey DK! Keep filling out those Fall Floor Feedback Dorms! They really help. So far DKB1 has the most responses!
RT : Want a shout out from one of the Top 17? Tweet us who using #XFShoutOut and stay tuned to see if you're picked!
i hate when my pet unicorn is yelling at me for no apparent reason....just sayin :)
All good and Happy Friday!!
Night owls! What is up?! Let's talk!? :) how is everyone doing?
omfg that just ruined my day those were my favorite dudes
Fuck it keep his ass locked up ! , jp love yu lil bro!
Rusher challenge: Make a "Call Me Maybe" video of yourself to make feel better!
Ha! At this conversation with
great... Thats all that matters.
every morning i hav been wake up to love
Awe your so sweet
Brah, I just strained my big toe. May need surgery.
Winter term is nearly done, so I think I'm gonna start using Twitter again...!
its the perfect size for a Sunday Funday in Fed Hill! See you soon! #Fedhill #biga**cups
fuck it starting next week after school I'm swimming.
“: who does think she is not following nobody on instagram lol better follow me 😒”
Ugly rumor has been quashed.
Everybody is lovong my song I wanna Go....
This is the second time I've had ice cream in my freezer...and I've lived in this apt. for 8 months. I will resist the siren song...
Which part of my body is your favorite? And why?
awh i'm sorry about that </3 are you better now?
#confession I want to start dating! I haven't dated in over 8 months too fuckin long!!!
why would you tell people you are a poker professional at the table?
PARTY FUCKIN' TIME!
you look like zac efron. Props :)
Thoughts on getting a cheap, used car for first car?
<3 RT : Now playing on #ASOT 11. feat. ft Keep Your Secrets ( Summer of Love Remix)
I will stand by my prediction that ND wins 9 games this yr and finishes ranked around 15
o' yes
Just being an observer there was enough for me. Though I did see the cutest larval human going home with mom and dad too.
Just finished Paul Alexander’s boffo bio of JD Salinger (now in paperback) Read who dumped JD to marry Charley Chaplin.
follow back?
“: For all that is good in this world, please don't friendzone this guy.” Hahahaha .. but all I have is a friend zone
Ain't nothing wrong with dreaming.
Omfg in starving , & I'm not even finish my hair 😣😢
Thanks for following! Watch for our new video tomorrow!
Just got back from Disneyland. What's up with Bay Area weather? Isn't it almost summer?
Good Morning Everybody
I have a CoH account the global is Witty Librarian, I'm usually on Champion server but I have alts everywhere.
5pm Friday and I'm at the eye doctor. What was I thinking when I scheduled this? The plus side is that my eye doc is awesome.
My bad 7-0. This is third Baseball game selection we had this year, that our team has won by 7 or more runs, and this is just the first week
I crashed out when I got home... I thought I could hang lol
how was your day ?(:
Great weather for today's Badger football game! Who do they play? GO BUCKY!
WHAT THE HELL DOES 'DROP THE BALL MEAN'? THE HEAALL
I was listening to pandora while I was getting dress && they busted out w/ billie jean lol !
Your coffee is hot when you would rather spit it all over your lap and gym clothes.
We've lost our one of those weird plastic things that put labels on CDs. You know those things? with springs inside? Ours is gone.
umm actually i dont... but thank you:)
I want to know if you can see beauty, even when it's not pretty every day, and if you can source your own life from its presence. -- Oriah
“ RT STAMPED-N-FAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!”
glad you agree, are we gunna roll Sunday or just eel out a win?
nobody tweets me or notices me famous or not :/ I'm a loner
Did you know that an alpha level of .05 in a research study indicates that the results obtained could only occur 1 in 20 times by chance?
how come the #turnerclassicmovies channel can run w/o commercials? what do they know that all of the other channels out there don't?
My neighbors are all guys & they come out whenever I smoke bowls on my balcony 😚💨 hello my fellow smokesmen 👋💂👲👦👱
Okay, cool
The block is hot!!
i think i'm ready.
Great to see w/ a bogey-free 7-under (65) to take the lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Enthusiasm glows, radiates, permeates and immediately captures everyone's interest. -Paul J. Meyer
On the Super Shuttle to the Vinoy! Chatty driver.
": its all good boo. The food here is pretty tasty! how's your lunch?" Lucky for one of us. Im not too impressed
Whatever is blooming right now? I hate it. I hate it a lot.
": Holy temperature change Batman! I was cold in my coat at lunch and now it's 73°!" Made for a great night run!
#WhenAustin posted the first video on Shoot Us Down.
is brought to you by #TheNewWave net or phone.
I've been down this road...
TV mogul&#39;s boxing gym aims for US Olympic glory
that's a more positive way to say it.....
Sittin up playing the #PS3 for now.
UH i think the whole of england is here in the US .....now i just need some up in here
You know you're in #Texas when: there are cows -- 'scuse me, steer -- across from the hotel/office park.
thanks so much! glad you like it!! :)
"Failing does not make you a failure," says Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
My travels have taken me through TN, MS, KY, GA and WV. Anthony Bourdain couldn't have done it better. Headed home
u have inspired alot of music
RT : balling' bowler-ina grrls bringing it down for abortion access!
I've been ROCKING on your tunes the whole week <3
your welcome :)
#10FactsAboutMe 8) I love dancing w/ ladies that know how to dance or can follow.If you have no rhythm, I'll make up an excuse not to dance.
false, starwars battlefront
Looks like #OccupyCville is supporting today--Madison hall, noon.
The Atman in you is the same as the supreme all-pervading Reality.
macaroons are delicious. Super jealous you are in paris
airport locating troubles?
Brian Clay is at the coffee shop I'm at! Score!!!!
I hurt myself today to see if I still feel
Here, I'm beaming you and extra couple stars **
thank you!
RT : If each person were to reuse a paper shopping bag for just one trip to the store, we could save almost 60,000 trees....
Hope you guys have a great weekend! See you on Monday!
Can't wait til y'all see this! ;)
oh! Very nice!
is all that and a bag of chips lmao!
Ow! Sounds painful all the same!
Happy National Nurses Week! Do you have a nurse you want to thank? American Nurses Association
Should sex offenders have Toddlers & Tiaras blocked from there cable?
“: "I love you back."—President Obama” oh my gosh!!!! THE PREZ JUST TWEETED ME!
Woohoo! Rose Bowl/BCS NC or bust! #barkley4heisman ": Merry Christmas to the Trojan Family! Santa Barkley says, 'Fight on!'"
Someone sprayed on way too much drakkar or jean Paul
you can only put it once in every post just do that and we can keep trying
Obama vs Cain?
Searching for the perfect dress to wear to the Miss International Pageant in July!! Any suggestions? : )
this fucking door.
Worst day I've had in a while. Still got so much to be thankful for though.
Thanks! A great milestone. Next up: web sales!
I was a cold dude, I'm gettin back to my ways
ALARM SET: 6.5 hours until the 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY show of on the Habs Go 2011!
Sorry to read about your sister. Safe travels.
Murray - faster WorldCat growth in licensed and digital than bibliographic records
Marb reds with and
guess program coulda existed without Belafonte, but it does remind that we never fully know what our actions will generate.
#TILTS2011 Chris Ortiz y Prentice: Ray Muzyka, founder and CEO of Bioware calls Mass Effect "Third Person authored experience"
lol well said it was so...;)
Packers 35, Bears 17 #Packers-#Bears final?
RT June luncheon is giving me the inside scoop on Google!
Had Pakistani last night at Mirsch Masala. Really good stuff. Best kheer I've ever had. V. attentive service--we were only table.
Planning to go grab lunch at Phoenicia for lunch today. Anyone want to join me?
When your hungry , but your to lazy to make food 
Just went past 50 twitter followers! Thanks to everyone for the support!
Next weekend at this time... Pearl Jam will be about to take the stage!!!! Can't frickin' wait!!!
Good show tonight Great crowd, let's see if the "Working Man" shows up? Come show us.some love!
agreed. Sorry, was not too helpful!
Aw man, that's so far away ;<
Words of the Father to Jeremiah, "Before I formed you in your mother's belly I knew you." Destiny is an innate characteristic! Live it out!
Good luck. Study well.
GR/G calls a timeout with 2:29 remaining and still down a goal. Should be an exciting finish!
Proud to work at Dell RT 28 yrs ago w/$1000, instead of studying for finals my fresh year at the Univ of Texas, I started Dell.
Hey Zoe! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
missing my kids gotta say thats the worst feeling in the world
When giving your all to a person isn't good enough, then throw your hands up and say "fuck it, at least I tried" ...Then Keep it moving
You are too sweet!!! Thank you! So glad to meet you too.
He had no idea how to use it. I had to help him out.
Cute as hell, but doesn't speak english. damn.
Welcome To New York is the anwer New Yorkers give for everything....wow what a welcome
Mary Mack as in Mary Mack marry me?
Success is a game. The more you play the more you win. The more you win the more successfully you can play the game!!!
The friendship between copper and tod in the fox and the hound
This year, for the Holidays, try to forgive someone.
My dream is that someday you'll get in there.
This used to be a funhouse. Now it's full of evil clowns.
Shit Now I follow U So We Can Keep In Touch
Some great feedback to kick off our week: User #1: They actually make you feel that the feedback you’re providing is useful and helpful!
Started at 65lbs of fat, now at 58 and have lost 13 lbs overall since the Superbowl. Still want to lose 40 lbs overall.
Fun game day. I survived 8 days in a lifeboat, beat everyone up in a kung fu brawl, got the most apples, and created the best pirate movie.
The childrens show: Coloring Outside The Lines on Saturday 12/10 has been cancelled. More information about its return coming soon.
hot bubble bath and I will be his personal loofah! ;)
Canada has its own thanksgiving and football league, they should take their band back too.
"Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else."
wish I could help with that...;)
The guy in front of me buying a membership makes me really appreciate my cool ass friends. What a douche.
Hi Oprah! I wrote a pilot with OWN in mind. Would you BE interested in reading it?
I haven't tried your product yet but would love to check it out for
Critics are out in force against new final cut pro X. I want to try it out & see 4 my self. #FCP7 is old but works.
Random guy in the deli asked if I had a child.
we need to get us one of those at #unicornplanet cc:
Our company--- www.apinsights.info will be offer video service for anyone in the Phoenix Area... very reasonable prices...
Just found out are coming back to DC on 6/1. Just bought my tix. Who's coming with me?
Lantern lights are pweetty
So gone off this alch..
Im done with april fools.... rlly a HERO?!? i guess u guys nvr met a firefighter or doctors or any1 who risk there lives for us evryday!!
I'm awake. Woof.
Don't know wth they doin at Southwest
Seriously people being immature is not attractive...it isn't.
use overnight prints... Save yourself about 70percent! Very good quality
Good morning! Start your day off with a Tampico smoothie! :)
iwas on the bus leave .... drooling smh
wel my guy is gone!!!!! screw him!!!!!he don't love me! love hurts! love is a pain in my A$$! sorry if i have affended any of you!
DHC was founded in 1996 on a bar napkin
Lol I still don't believe you're old. :p Old is like senior. Oh no, the other night when I missed work. I'm nice & healthy :)
You take care of yourself too my friend. Hope all is good your way! Stay warm! :)
Perfect start to the weekend reading-new issue of
It's a BOGO Thursday! Buy One Slice of Dark Mousse Cake and Get a Second One FREE! Just let us know you saw it on Twitter!
that ain't right, skip.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.-Mark Twain
I may not get everything I want but I know when I set my mind to it I can reach any goal I want.
That Robinson guy is a total douche.
Great Family Day watching SU football dominate and visiting with my absolutely awesome son! love you!
Does James Bond 007 count? Flemming?
lets make a toast! It only has 160 calories! !! Who:-)
really hates when someone tells you one thing, then treats you completely differently
Vinnie Pestano has a ton of movement on his fastball.
that was an awesome first album purchase. Miss MJ so much...
Pulitzer Prize board now accepting online nominations. Welcome to the 21st century.
Just submitted audition for a feature film....
#dawkins at uw: if cheetah & gazelle equally "designed" - whose side is designer on?? << LOL (via )
What do you listen to when you need to get your blood pumping? I'm currently rocking "Havoc". Can't beat metal with bagpipes!
Drake ft. Lil Wayne- HYFR . on repeat. (;
Whoever finds the secret skrillex show first wins
Everybody want to make money, it’s perhaps the best money-making opportunity of any kind, for the least time investment required
This guy said he would trade me an 85 toyota supra and a 85 944 porsche for my EK. should I do it?
Challenge accepted! :-)
I JUST WANNA LAY IN MY BED!
Fisheries workers anxious about relocation news
"Nobody satisfies me." - Ron Paul. Can't wait to see the videos that come from THAT gem of a soundbite.
the best. RT : “Even when I'm old and grey, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game.” - Michael Jordan
"just let me lay here in the sun...until my dream is done..."
If you don’t know where you are going, you’ll end up someplace else. –Yogi Berra Plan to make your day a success!
WATEVR, RT“: i was on the phone with jacob. x)”
Yes. 2 copies.
Poor Tim Tebow... somebody get that man a Burrito...
Death leaves a hrtache no 1 can heal, love leaves a memory no 1 can steal. You'll cont 2b d STAR he always knew U ARE!!!
its reb lobster time with
You should just list the teams that you don't need bloggers for.
Follow us on facebook for more upcoming events in Las Vegas
I'm up early(:
howard Putnam - When egos and excessive growth prevail, even the best organizations will fail
I hit u up today
Wow. Join you in praying for family and friends. So weird that his profile is still posting.
You should see it! It's awesome.
Thanks for the s/o!
Oh yeah? You wanna step out of the giant robot and say that again?
"turn up" means load ur body with substances. I will be watching ur game. Sober. I hope that u r sober..
finished the book Lost Children... sad to read how children were used as pawns, "spoils of war," and treated as property following wars.
soon it will be Yahoo?
Can't wait!
Summer is SO BORING
I agree with that many lefties to face. And an 0-2 curve ball to Wieters with a runner on 3rd. I blame Melvin.
I can forgive myself for what I have done wrong, what I have done badly and what I think I could have done better.
We fight over stupid things but at the end of the day, we know we love eachother <3
Dubuque I full of bars and churches lol
Should call her but she probably occupied.???
We are closed in the evening but you can always come in and grab some food to go!
Thanking God right this moment for sending that miracle to me this afternoon. :)
thank you :)
Also on facebook at Grave site care
Change your SUI rates before you run the first payroll of 2011! Nevada annual cap has gone down $400 but many employer rates are up!
Are we all suppose to be dumb enough to overlook that or not realize it's a plant. My 1st thought, "Who paid her?"
This is the only one that I can remember, but it's a lot of wordplay when it's not general silliness.
": DITTO RT: what do you know that others don't about social media?
so greenish=D and so beautiful
is being extra emo today and has turned my twitter front page into a very dark place.
Florida is shooting 70%..... From three point range!!!!!!
Who fkn cares! BE YOU! Simple as that. Everyone knows being someone you're not is just a life with only lies. Don't be that fake person..
wheeeeee! my wine arrived today. tonight shall be tasty!
What I use my phone for : texting, talking and pretending that I'm texting someone when I'm in awkwards situations.
I�m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you�re not in this world to live up to mine.
its normal. Some of us just feel responsible for the survival of our species, but were all lesbians
I'm sls as I look at ALL my pics *now postin
i hope doing doing ok Renee please stay strong i love you
Alpaca Mexico, what? FloRida SMASH.
Rev Al Sharpton Know in his Own Religious Book. the Bible Lev. 20:13 man lay with man, woman lay with woman says it a Abomination!
wishing your computer the best! how is it feeling today
“: I wanna shoot a music video this week”
2nite, will hold a public hearing at 6pm to hear from the new 2012 charter applicants. Mtg at Rosario PCS 1100 Harvard Street, NW
Lololol , You dig everything x) !
o wow I'm about to see what they are saying online.
Thanks Andrea! made me look GOOD.
Scott Walker for President
No Lie!
Obligatory DONE with year 2 of 5 Ph.D. school years tweet!
A FANCY communion!
Great show Madonna
haha, working on it!
when do the picks come out?
#frozenchosen, official church member (:
#NewDirections win #Nationals!!!!! Life is good!!!!!!!
is the best.
FREE PIZZA HUT LARGE ANY TOPPINGS Call 1-888-Your-momm
i love you ,you is my life
Thanks - We're excited to continue delivering for our clients and continue our growth!
Lol good luck to him in getting a contract extension. He's hurting himself by acting like a douche.
Thanks & you too!
Where were you when my walls came falling down?
so much fun today....... and im tired lol
Chocolate milk rules.
Tonight: 2 rounds of LA trivia! 4PM , 7PM in Boyle Heights. A shuttle bus leaves Westwood :45PM to BH, then back :45.
I didn't know was tatted up. Sick ink fam.
“: Good luck to my homie on his 1st marathon today! #OwnChicago” - love.
I love that place and I love your photography. What a perfect collaboration.
Ugh! Now you're freaking me out.
You know it brother!
How hard is it to make sure a plane is a flight worthy before boarding? Peeps be flying for 100+ years now!
sounds like an eternity! Good luck :)
Ya known sometimes some people are just to cool to text you back, #GoPlankInTraffic ....yes im bringing that shit back up.
It was nice meeting you tonight. Thanks for the autograph!
Need to make a list of new goals for my academic future, brutally realistic goals, goals that dont require a massive retirement of tenureds.
excellent preso on wealth management. Not enough athletes understand where they matter, & how to maintain their brand's investments
how drunk were you?
He didn't *grin* the Xbox copy is for the Clan Leader bwahhhaaaa
You probably referring to "Inside the Circle" or "Planet B-Boy". They both came out last year.
Thanks..I am in love with
Kaha signed with Agency Models today!! Congratulations!!!!!!!
Calling all friends/fans ... Can u help me get views on this video 2 help raise money 4 orphan children? Deadline 4/1
Austin was giving a concert,he couldn't stop thinking about you. so he took a plane back to you and said "I die without you, come with me"<3
Who needs publishers? Double Fine's kickstarter project got funded within half a day!
oh, taco tuesday. you win.
haha it's the only sport I like where my team wins sometimes.
cannot believe the number of peeps gunning hard for the #RedBull perk.
“: Can not wait for Vegas in 3 weeks n get the Fuk up outta here” get out
who is that girl by you???
Congratulations! Well deserved.Great read.
don't remember exact dates. i know it will be a saturday-wednesday. i can find out tomorrow. :)
I do get down on some love crimes
" One Life Not Wasted"
you a trill nigga put ya mutha fuckin hands up
asdfghjklkjhgvcxzxcbnmjkiuytrewertyujhnbv,i hate my life.I just wanna go to arlington.omg.ugggghhh
i didn't realize you are here - hope you are having a great time!
He has great music ->
Join me in contacting our representatives to oppose #SOPA and
cleveland fans are #Haters LOL
It's easy. You post stuff, I make fun of you.
": If there's any question as to why my playoff beard is filled with gray: the #NJDevils."mines from bryz
I am searching for more #Salsa dancers to follow. Any recommendations?
I just hated washing all those damn dishes
Oh snap, #audition was cancelled! Change of plans today.
26 Also a son was born to Seth, and he called his name Enos; then men began to examine the nature of Jehovah.
I really wish I had 2 dimples
Hey Twitter follow my sister
People change. Memories don't.
thx I'm good just been working hella hrs
sweet! we only need it for a few hours to pick up a grill. Then I cook meat and watch game of thrones!
Help! What's a "tall" Starbucks cost in your nabe? In Times Square it's $1.85 w tax, $2.01 w/o. Cheaper in Brooklyn, NY suburbs.
good woman! :)
I'm usually not a fan of those sites, often have too much parallax and feels choppy. But this one has a nice balance.
Beyonce - Dance For You
": SPOTTED: Josh Beckett sneaking out of Fenway Park carrying a golf bag."< With a 6-pack of Bud and a bucket of popeye's chicken
#aintnothingsexyabout men wearing their pants off they ass especially if its skinny jeans.
I remember you! :)
blahh I may know otherwise
please follow me nick:)
I've had my eye on them for awhile. So I have two choices...get a pair of shoes that match the dress I have or new both. :-/
Awesome job...blown away with the customer service, now where to stay for 5 stays to get my status back...THANKS!
At the top of the show will be all Bobby Arkansas got exactly what they deserve
At least half of the men I know act like they need a cigarette after they watch a showy lightning storm.
#RT ": My twitter.......so i say what the fuck i want lol"
I dare you to click my follow button! :)
my fav part of the day
Just this side of the event horizon. :-) RT : where are you??
Great! We will take a look.
Good night Mike.
Did we really just "HA" at this? RT : wooWOOF How did the dog make gold soup? A. He put in 24 carrots.
RT : Anyone know a site to watch the game online!? You ask with 2 min left....
thanks for the suggestion! We'll keep it in mind for next #musicmonday!
met the German scholars
Going to walmart, at midnight tonight!!!!!!!! Cuz tomorrows the 13th(: Awesome Job justin (:
I keep up with u 2 Inside Edition n be careful n the ur SUV the 210 drops the local Resident Vine Hollywood Arclight
And its your baby
Gotta stop thinking everyone on my run has some evil plan to try & hurt me. Too much
I just wanna sleep!!
Wash St gets Leach, Nogales University gets Rich-Rod, ASU gets Dennis Ericson with no rings and a higher salary (June Jones)
does anyone take this guy seriously? I can tell from all the way over here that's complete bullshit.
One of Rodriguez's best!
I may sound freaken desperate but I want a bf already haha.
That's awesome! Mandolin is SO much fun! There's a bunch of lesson tutorials on Youtube too that you can check out too.
#tweetyourweight 174.0 - Owwww. My knee's so swollen today I feel like
troy! my tweets are invisible to you ! :'c
Its a Cat Stevens lunch kind of day.
Cry-baby-hattan.
I got leggings for my outfit tomorrow so I don't have to shave my legs
Shout-out to our guys who played in the All-American Championship this weekend in NOLA. Tune into ESPNU now to watch the games.
Johnnys in the basement mixing up the medicine. Im on the pavement thinking about the government.
just started following , this is going to be fun
we are about to send you the info in a direct message. Congrats, Jay!
I totally thought you were referring to rigging a few tweets ago! "tied it" "tie it up"
Um.....how am I spelling THAT??? lol
Great win tonight! Fmr season tix holder, just moved to nyc. My last game was LeQuit in the playoffs. First/only game I left early.
FML I have nothing to drink for lunch now 
On this weeks #Veep, the president is worried about what the VP will say on Meet The Press, surely that never happens in real life.
Sugar Shane looks like Manny Fresh!!!!! Lol
lmao. That's a good one!
thanks so much! glad you liked it!
Greene County Sheriff Winner: Steven Smith
Who's ready for summer? Ik I am
On St. Charles Ave in NOLA, waiting on the Mardi Gras parade to start! :D
I think you do a good job integrating it. Sexposition, to me, is about noticing, not taking for granted 1/2
Could u do some flyers for me Friday??
yay! U should write a post!
Can the Chinese government "pirate" you plans for censorship inside the US or will you sue them as well? #sopa #mpaa<3chinesefirewall
all i do is listen booboo
Nowak: We've been honest from the beginning about this with Danny.
Pets need love on this day also, be nice to a precious animal today.
See ya next time Vegas. It's been fun.
We're not going over there and I made the plans and we said you brain and amber you are invited bbygurl
Knuckleheads TONIGHT !!!
wah 'happen your champagne bottle?
The sophisticated analysis of the contest has begun...analyzing...analyzing...
hey, check us out! we're new to vegas. You can download our new cd for free once you find out how much you like it :]
dude searching for road beef
Kim Kardashian is reportedly thinking about running for MAYOR of Glendale, CA. I'm now convinced we live in an alternate universe.
Aw, Ive Been Praying For You <3 Why Wont They Just Listen To You?
oh I through u was wat do you do lol
Baby my cash money! LOL
haha. Last energy drink I had was Red Bull about 8 years ago...
Now I remember why I deleted last time, I never use twitter!
Daily (SSRC): Libs fill gap between low home bband adoption and high demand + provide training/support. tinyurl.com/23amdbf
The 3 C’s of life: choices, chances, and changes. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change
I need it...its my medicine....
i love following you but i cant understand japanese
4 words: Secret Service - Advanced Interrogation
I don't know where you going, but get yourself back ho-O-ome!!
studying at Mckinley Library, just discovered "bouncy ball." Hm... I'm one video camera away from "bouncy ball meets library"
The shit that entertains me always leave me hanging
I've done enough soldering. Were using assembly.
I'm so optimistic that you'll return to Seattle to be on our #hackingedu TV show, that I'm already writing your intro script....
RT It's time I took this exercise thing more serious, let the healthy diet begin.
About to order some breakfast....
Fuck needing saving I'm saving myself and fuck a a man I got myself
Very excited to hear from (of & Board of Directors) at
That's why Obama is having problems w/Israel. Run by right-wing answer to George W. Bush. They want war. Can't get thru to them.
please meet my friend , a musician and dancer. She is new to twitter but was on
#TimTebow this... Tim Tebow that... #ImSickOfIt #AaronRodgers is the best QB in football right now, definitely not him.
i would take that as a compliment... buy a leather jacket
I know!
“: Do I have a V.I.P. seat at Isiah Carey Day?? I will bring the Pringles.” He got the fever for da flava!
Only six more Mondays in the school year
yeah m always suck nd i knew it :P
I hate when you pin something on Pinterest before you realize the caption is really lame
Technically, he was detained and the police don't plan on charging him with anything.
bro u need to come to my lab sometime
When they say you dont know what you have till its gone. Its hella ture
A4: I find those terms very dangerous in my work. It makes true alcoholics think that they can just cut back and control
Ugh! fell asleep, I'm not even tired, what the hell am I gonna do?!!
Did you order online?
not feeling good, like always... doctors next week hopefully.
Hee! My library is no fun. We only have call numbers on our signs.
Things get worse before they get better. Good day today. Thank you <3
no way!
I never stopped believing
It's such a beautiful day outside Chicago. Hope you're showing your mom's some love.
Thanks for the congrats and sharing the news via PRSA. Look forward to seeing you at next month's meeting!
Thanks guys! Hope you have a great weekend!
Just relax. Every little thing..is gonna be alright 🎶🎶 lol! Good luck on AP Spanish tomorrow :)
yes I was tweeting from the elevator I was stuck in for 40 mins or so! Ugh
Join the Washington Wizards for a scrimmage and fan appreciation day this Saturday at the Verizon Center 6 PM
Breaks are always too short!!
Is Beyonce pregnant!? I think so that was a hint when she performed ayyee
Husband Shoots and Kills Son and Sister-In-Laws for Feeding His Cancer-Stricken Wife Tea and Toast Instead of an Orange -
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic featured in Texas Two Groove Music Blog!
I'm extremely jealous and you better be taking lots of photos. How are you feeling?
Earl Ray Tomblin, candidate of #manwhokilledosama ?
"A storm is coming." ... from the ending of The Terminator :)
Hey I just tweeted you, And this is crazy, But here's some cake, So eat it maybe? (:
LeBron doing a very good job on Danny Granger...
goodbye dingO
Its rough to work so hard and toward something and nothing comes from it its like pastor troy said Im running forr nothin
I want to be a professional twitterer, anybody hiring? VP of Tweets? Anybody?
Normal art liberates the emotions. Fine art liberates the spirit. -- S.H. Sharpe
The Rays have officially ran out of gas.
Oh yes. No release date planned just yet, but it is underway.
5 minutes into an interview call and you think .. this dude is awesome! How often does that happen?
Kaya Henderson, Chancellor of DCPS, is now up for the budget testimony
This lady I this train STANK so damn bad..!!!!! I should tell her... Or is that rude?
Had a good day after all. Thank u friends. Good night
My Producer RickDean Has a Buffett song I wrote Angel of Mercy If your looking for an IT song give me a shout I will get it 2U
I love you buddy even if mean doesn't
“: Those random moods when you just want to kill everyone for no apparent reason.” feelin like this today.
You will "act like" the sort of person you conceive yourself to be -Maxwell Maltz
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! Thank you to all of our great staff members who make us look good!
i'll be just getting home from vacation but if i'm still kickin' i'm down - let me know where!
let's see if it was really scary as the the directors said or boring, waste of money as people said
RT : I just want to say that is what I aspire to be.
Can it just be April 19th already??
Kids hand swallowed by a vending machine. Ouch.
Lol. How's GH treating you?
omg.Why me?
hope all gets on a better track greg,,
Let's go boys one quarter left!
"Is this how to be a pussy 101?" "You might as well take notes."
“: I'm tired of a lot of stuff in the world, I'm moving to the moon when I turn 18.”Ain't No Stores There
Crank rocking out tonight 10pm. Check it out!
cleveland is fun. Love seeing the Steelers Kick the Browns ass. never been to indy
you gotta get my sister to think like that ;)
Juss drama bs and heartbreak )):
'The wind keeps telling us something / we want to pass on to the world: / Even far things are real.' - William Stafford.
I think it will be a great conference but I just couldn't justify the cost of attending. I assume you are there?
The pupil is the point in which light enters the eye and results in the mind conjuring an image.
Three Weeks & still no word frm interviewee on corp approval 4 coms re #USCricket. 1 week was word. Now no answer 2 e-mails
I googled how to hard boil eggs. Lol. I so don't cook.
Why am I jus now laying down to sleep at 606am? Because its only 3am in #VEGASBABY & #TATI was having a blast! ...hope 2 b up by noon. Lol
Believes should do an exhibit on beards of history, especially since they have a piece of the Sphinx's beard!
I just want you & that's all I need
I'll kick you square in the taco. :)
"Ladies and Gentlemen" Welcome to New London Clothing Co.
Yes, I was reading ur mind. :-)
Bard can't find the strike zone at all!
Y'all lowkey old though. damn
That is my preference as well but I hate missing class and idk if id be able to get myself up
Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
exactly. There is a story behind it. The history, the journey of Polivia...
Don't get me wrong, I love it when it rains. I just hate when it hails, rains & thunders.
Saturday school tomorrow.. Fuck gotta go to bed. /:
i can understand...ugh..lol..
Thanks for the follow :) miss you!
We've got your new training partner: The Forerunner 910XT provides GPS-enabled metrics for swim, running and cycling all in one!
Much more confident feeling in Boston this year before Game 7 of 1st round. What a difference a year makes.
im lost?
Thanks! It really does feel great!
because I like good music
weight wise or calories?.
'll be interviewed by Guy Raz on NPR's Weekend All Things Considered this Saturday, at 5pm! Wow. Kind of nervous.
thanks for the retweet!
Eat simply! Recipes r cool, but the more complicated & time consuming, the more likely you'll hit fast food!
#FF Follow these awesome people!
Why is it inevitable for me to avoid spilling coffee on some part of my body, always?
Another announcement tomorrow at 7am - stay tuned!
Love the video Chimney, this better become a series :D
hey omg i love your music so much no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no joke. =)
Enjoy your dinner!! :D RT : were at monicals now.
What is your favorite FB contest? Would like to get some more ideas! DM me Thanks!
wait, that's not irony.
to tell you the truth, i dont remember ma lol, jus makin small talk, how ya day goin for you
Check with your local stores that carry costumes early to ensure you are able to get your costume
glass cloud. Fuck yes.
Ah, Google+ no longer invitation-only. Thus the blue arrow. But it's a Netflix-level promotional err for those who already have it.
#MentionYourCrush don't really have one anymore :/
people reading a book at coffee at the only table with an outlet.
Great meeting you, too!
#rbs11 uses evocative phrases for digital glunk hiding on your hard drives, such as: “Space junk” or “Fossilized fragments.”
#nowplaying At least have some breakfast first!
Hi Damon grant applications usually begin in the fall. Keep an eye on the website and/or email us directly for more info.
anythings better than a butter knife I suppose...
#MentionYourCrush ;) He is my best friend !!
Women's Dream Fleece V-neck Sleep Top - Love it!!
What's your favorite dessert? Rocky road ice cream? Double chocolate Marble cheesecake? We want to know!
Q: What do you call a cow that doesn't give milk? A: A milk dud!
": mirror on the wall" what's the best club of them all??
Three Floyds Brewing Gumballhead is on tap for a limited time! Get it while it's get-able!
Sherry Hodges, What is Triple C???
as we go on, we remember all the times we spent together. and as our lives change, from whatever. we will still be friends forever. <3
Outside-_____-Brick City
RSVPs for Ignite Charlotte 3 start on August 13.
Grateful for extremely good friends who help me get through rough patches.
Hi Nicole! Hope all is well & blessed with you & your family :)
Some people just expect way too much from others...
Why is mac miller so hot?!
wishes I got the style channel in my room!
Haha!! Love the Brady Bunch example :) Thank u!
Come to our show this Thursday at Soma in San Diego! Show starts at 6:30pm! We play first so get there early!!!
I will fill ya in on the details when the time comes. Hopefully makes it up. and tony are comin
Tomorrow is our #GrabNGo special, a beautiful hand-tied bouquet for only $14.99. How can you beat that?!
Disappointed I couldn't even move beyond wifi, let alone Powerpoint. And here I was all set to try live tweeting.
": #Libra's invented romance." Hellyeah.
": at least I'm not taking selfies in a restaurant #addictedtoyourself" i love myself more than you
JANE CURTAIN WHY
hay boo
And then contact us when you're ready to take your art fair, museum or gallery mobile!
X Factor! Watch Melanie win!
Bitch's ainthit but hoes and tricks!
I can't wait to watch Desperate Housewives after work. I swear if anyone interrupts me, I will chop their heads off.
For today try to win the war not the battle
hello and a good #FollowFriday to you.
Thank you and for Tweeting the word about our picnic today!
I'm taking this really hard....please help me thorugh this. :'( R.I.P Jameel
Have developed a recent affinity for black nail polish. Not wholly convinced it's nostalgia.
Sewing in artifact numbers into textiles makes me regret I did so poorly in that much-hated sewing class in 8th grade.
Events are important. Look your best with a great white smile. Call us today for a teeth whitening treatment before your event.
you poor thing!!
went to 1st period on senior skip day 2 load up all the stuff for prom. There has been a tremendous amount of weight lifted off my shoulders
yes that's what I've heard! I will def have to get some :)
Hating my life what's The purpose of my tribulations
Yes. Yes, they would. I'm sorry.
Will ever follow me? Nope, didn't think so.
#Austin now you can Ask a latino any question you were never drunk enough to ask us. I will give you a honest reply. Need followers too.
I can't KEEP UP under warning here. Daugher n Bowling Green KY (warren co) Step kid TN. FAM n Indiana
FUCK!!! I HATE the Kings! I hope the Rangers crush them in the SCF.
Our boys released thier album today on iTunes. Make sure to purchase it. Find them on out top.
I wonder how much $$$ does Memphis in may makes?? #No one probably knows.
I bought your sandlot shoes for my Dad as a b-day present. He was thrilled!!
No. Tomorrow's our best shot: record high is just 86! RT : either of those records?
Night! Love you too! <3
So there's this guy, & the way he smiles makes me smile. His voice makes my heart skip a beat. When I see him, I get butterflies. <3
his teeth. all white and straight.
Bout to call it a nite, saw the Avengers with , pretty good movie
haiku: two men in soccer / jerseys carry dominos / pizza through the park
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
Extended Warranties for New and Used Cars in Emerging Global Markets
met a few great people at the event tonight. well done and many others. thank you!
The #MLA14 convention is in Chicago. The #MLA14 convention is in Chicago. The #MLA14 convention is in Chicago.
If youre talking about what I think you are its no big deal some dudes just cant take a loss in COD lol
of course you would.
why don't you fuck off, spammer!! Get a fucking life.
deering has access to twitter? fuck.. ill stop tweeting about cocaine alcohol sex and the horrible teachers
Barton may represent the last batter for Matt Moore as he approaches 100 pitches.
Happy Halloween! Big plans tonight?
"If Cubs had won it all." I kid.
Yes, that seems obvious to us right.
Hate headaches
thank you
should have partied in Muncie!!
I'm mad I never got with
Nice day at Straits yesterday. Hopefully they get a round in today. Pulling for Jerry and S trick
I been tryna reach u im bout to start this new chapter of the team called #BOSSLADYPIMPS i need you to be on board! >@ me
Things are beautiful if you love them
CC is looking healthy and ready to rumble! Love it!
Hey lady, who do you think is going to pull it off today?
follow -----> ------> Easy instant follow back to help build your twitter base
fuck you and your homework :)))))
yep that's what happens when you move to FL young! Been here 20 yrs and just fell in love with the Gators! :)
Him: "Not my fault you reversed PMS!" Her: "Reverse PMS?" Him: "Yeah! Unlike a normal woman, you're cranky 28-days out of the month!".
Maybe what happened wasn't meant to be... I just don't want to lose the friends I made. I don't wanna be more alone.
Dope Sold Out Show last night S/O Torris Brown DJ Lacie and my Fabulous Hunnys
Practice is gonna be so boring with out sergio /:
Great morning! I'm not feeling well but I am still here! You are 2! No excuses so let's GO people!!
Drinkin some coffee.. Headed out, got a busy day ahead of me.....
just sent in my online audition to the #xfactor... LOL i just want to audition for Brit and then my life would be set, tbh.
listened to some. he takes nostalgia to new levels. great blog btw.
Looking at the past with judgement and regret we don't see it as our teacher, which instead gives us our wisdom and knowledge for the future
My entire house is clean & organized but I've run out of room for clothes in my closet AND dresser! Oh noes!
Thank you to everyone that joined Thrive Lunch today. Now where to next week? Any thoughts?
iStatus and I may have a beautiful relationship coming up...
May lodging in Hub most expensive in nation
Black and blue throw down!
To properly celebrate fashion, is closing its doors to the public for 2 hours tomorrow evening for
thanks for the follow but what took you do long?! Hehe
“: So you all have OKC beating the Spurs?” N. O.
Tweet 750 goes out to Exploring new music during school is awesome.
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Was just able to jump back on Twitter... Hmm, I don't see a DM :-/
That was fast.
Many thanks! Cheers to you both on this #FF!
Procrastination: It's not about avoidance, it's about attraction
damn you for making me log in to tweetdeck to reply to you. It's ALL out of date. Why?
Bored text?
If Obama says "clean coal" I am going to vomit.
Selena Gomez totally rocked it while singing Love You Like A Love Song on the TCAs ! Selena you ROCK ! (:
Another great tip: trying to get kids used to WWPasta? Start by mixing with flour pasta and gradually reduce it! Thanks
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime R. Kelly's albums
now that is an idea! I thought about having and I do an intervention with her.
Why thank you for following us and telling your friends! Granny Regina
I luv watching our sec of state warning rouge states...isnt it a little late for that
It's Tropical Tuesday at PPSS! Come try our Pina Colada, Coconut and Banana!
haha wow! that's interesting, but I think the time difference is 12 hours?
That's how I feel!!!! AH I'm so excited
Watching Back to The Future..1-2-3.. Looking at 2... Where were the Cell phones and why do pay-phones still exist?..
is watching a pull up competition on Icelandic TV. Yes, I am procrastinating. I hate footnotes!
man that look good as hell!
Pull your pants up PHI. Looks like the Pens caught you with them down.
chillin at home wit my new boo
if youre in san Diego take a minute and check out the sunset right now. beautiful
: This is the best giveaway ever! :)
hey Joe! please watch KONY 2012 video on YouTube!
10 Things I Hate About You ' Why the hell am I gonna waste my time on you if I just completely hate you?!
good to see you here, man!
I like amen, burn, a1, everyday, take u home, racked up.....the whole damn thing I guess hahha
How to balance growth and preservation? A sustainability story for #museums in the real world. See the film The Art for the Steal
/// Everyone does nowadays. RT Serena Williams has a rap song.
3 tickets to #Disneyland, $180, taking your 3 year old there for the first time,
now I'm confused. Great -__-
haha i was wondering if that was just mine. It litterally took over an hour for the entire update
I have never been at school this late
I smell a revolution in the air ladies and gents! www.ModernAmericanRevolution.us
nowww austin..you KNOWWW DAMN well that you CANNOT be shirtless in a vid. i'll die. wait, -dead-.
$2.50 Coors light pints all day Monday!!!!!
Why in Tempe?
#milwaukee 6"-8" total accumulation of snow is coming for tomorrow and into saturday! We have you covered!!
So now you tweet !
Ignore the haters. They don't know shit.
Thank you! Yes, big BIG. Heard sweet things about you last night from Kimmie!
Home from an 8 hour shift at the part time job, and wired and don't feel like sleeping.
Thats true. I like it already, I still have time to enjoy summer nights and stuff
some GREAT information here!
thanks for having me!
Call me ASAP
just got my #square card reader...now come and get in line with your credit cards ready for me to swipe them all.
Back to work today.
Can you say make-up call?
: RT: Like you? How about Love You!!! What's not to love anyway... ;-) sigh.
hee hee! Thanks for the mention!
We'd win, hands down
thanks. i sent you another release with more detail about local search yesterday.
Wonder if this will get Bob Filner's attention? He might want to begin his campaign about now. Where is his pension plan?
Once I was a sheep going astray, but now I'm returned to the Shepard and Bishop of my soul.
Please! Enough already.
#miroboday us military embracing distracted driving as a reason to create autonomous vehicles so soliders can be doing more than drive.
Ciao ragazzi ,we will be open from 6 pm to 8 pm . The weather is rough ... And we can use some rest . Ciao
Happy Birthday :D
And now you've undone it all by surging through another great 10k :)
Woke up this morning... Laid in bed and thought there's a lot of work to do.
Take time to be friendly. It is the road to happiness.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
How many bricks did Farmar shoot for you all? This guy. lol
Happy Mothers Day!! Also, Happy Mothers Day to my Daughter's Stepmom :)
Who just woke up @ 10th oclock on a TUESDAY!? That would be me ;)
ur god damn right
Actual medical advice I received yesterday: "Tickle it with a feather."
Charles Moad of IMA on "Reconciling Museum Records" - "mapping text to an identifier in a vocabulary or database"
SHAME ON YOU AL FOR THE PIGGY REFERENCE. IT WASN'T LONG AGO YOU WERE THE SIZE OF THE TITANIC. NOW APOLOGIZE.
...and, one proposal submitted. first a break, then onto the next bit of writing.
Welp. That's the 4th mid-20-something guy i know that's enlisting in the Navy- THIS WEEK.
Damn Sure Right "Meg Pokrass writes like a brain looking for a body. Wonderful, dark, unforgiving" Frederick Barthelme
Katie Couric once drew a picture of me for which I paid her $1. And another $1 for her to kiss it. The picture, I mean.
jealous man! Always wanted to go there. Hit me up if your ever in LA! Beers on moi.
RT ": keep grinding and make the sharks a national power house”
Four days left
Girl(: I'm sorry! But I'm here!(:
Thanks for the follow! and I'll be seeing you soon. I've never been, but it's going to happen this week.
Thanks for the support!
I can't imagine someone not owning an iPod, iPad, iPhone, two MBPs, Apple TV and a PowerMac
that's for darn sure!
Ill peep that out RT : black keyes
Preparing my upcoming Winter class schedule. I am open to new ideas, feel free to share some thoughts on what you'd like to learn about!
hoalee balls dolan
Happy 53rd Birthday to the late King of Pop! RIP....Michael Joseph Jackson!!
that would be the best thing in the world. I need that too! (:
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't understand how heartless some people are.. Like seriously, other people have feelings too.
thats so cool :D!
try this burger too
What is your favorite moment from your vacation to Hawaii?
its so cute how zayn buttons his shirts on the first buttons (:
Oh man a vendor dropped of i freakin love those cookies, but I'm fasting and can't have sugar
This week brings the first day of SUMMER!!! But don't worry, because it's not too late for some spring clean action! www.pghgreenclean.com
RT : Lovely little dinner date :) x
#AwhYeah Burgers for the boys! #ilove a good #romance #burger this time of year!
Young Bonez will be performing Newark Airport (EWR) on Friday the 24th in Terminal C for all travelers!
In small doses I could. This kid is allergic to chlorine.
I love the freaking crap out of you :)
well said
I almost want to find something else to watch in AM because of Same things daily with him!
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf I ignore your call and text u instead.
Got my My Chem ticket! :]
I just pulled a piece of metal out of my leg. Today has been the worse
Most people will gain 3 to 5 lbs on Super Bowl day. Pizza and salami are the worst calorie culprits. Eat grilled chicken & veggie tacos.
hey sorry I didn't follow you sooner I was mowing, running and lifting weights.... and yes all at the same time;) lol
i missed you today!! no food or my baby ace :( </3
Sisters new place then work.
Sorry 2 any1 who has been affected by the hacking of my "follower" & "following" list that hasnt been corrected &continues 2 b disregarded.
Sarah Palin's house is full of balls.
Got my goldfish doh~
Today, weather is top news in Europe. Tornado in Toulouse & summer-in-April in Berlin. And swim we did! slightly sunburned.
we like to contribute the best we can :-)
Frank Marcopolos Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
What was up with the creepy Belichick hug at the end of the game?
Hey guys im so happy right meow ##
Kiddos in bed. Found the Millenium Trilogy (The Girl Who...) on Netflix Instant, w/sub-titles but that's alright. Yay!
IM SO SORRY. something is wrong with my phone!!!
Follow me por favor. ^.^ because I'm going to school in England next year aha.
