we are Soo obsessd with watching ur videos on YouTube ahha that's all we do ur so cute and amazing at singing!:)
Just thought of a suggestion- talk SPSEA. I have some friends there if you need any contacts!
RT "Surround yourself with love and nourishment and do not allow the creation of negativity in your environment" - Chopra
come in & give us a try! Then write a fan review on our Facebook page. There will be a random drawing Wednesday! Best of luck!
mother teresa said people won't remember what you said, but will remember how you made them feel, so true
#NorthCarolina showed itself to be a
Lol, I still have my "project" though right?? RT : Hot date!
my favorite drink! RT “: Awesome!”
No climbing equipment required, but steep like the trail to Poo Poo Point. Have you done that one (off Iss-Hobart Rd)?
Music is the language of memory
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
busiiiee bay be
ha that is interesting, as we talk about the police make their decisions and then courts decide if it will go fwd. I dont think
When I have a kid I'm for sure naming it Xhilaration.... LOL do you have a say in this?
hey follow my new page
Ppl at least know what curate means, when we use terms like "gamification" we loose credibility.
I fear the smartz would overwhelm me.
Gay ass school -_- Can't wait to get home so i can work on my mixtape
off to another long day of #stopmotion animation! We're pushing around 6,000+ hex nuts all day. everyday.
In my village! I am in the middle of nowhere, I take bucket showers and go to the bathroom in a hole. Everything is so new!
Just read this today, very true -> "I wish people looked like their personalities"
I always said bros before hoes.... Kinda wonder if that's the problem
Can Swiss chocolate make #grading less painful? We shall see ...
Thanks for the compliment! Clear2Go bottles with filters make the perfect gift for the holidays!
Watching PONTPOOL and eating pasta with Good times for Italian and Canadian zombies.
haha oh yeah fine go go I ain't stopping you 
20 years ago there was no Facebook. there was no Google, and a Tweet was something that Barbara Walters gave to her dog.
Blah! You love me.
FOLLOW ME!
They just clean it up and take care of it. They don't panic or it'll make it worse for all of us.
What a great idea! Let's hire our women's coach from the worst women's program in the state! This will turn out well...
#GandB G your a hero!
Looks like me turning 21 is just a big ordeal to me. As usual.
to speak?
I like to put the fear of god in my parakeets. They won't shut up otherwise.
oh just wonder! Sorry.
Raise your hand if you have the coolest brother ever?... My hand is raised.
thanks so much for the b-day wishes Im finally 18 XD
Survivor is still a show? I thought they left everyone on that island years ago.
Not to happy now really though
Are you covering for CatsIllustrated today?
yea I'm goin 2 see my son wats the move dat way smoke sumthing
“One of the true tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency
Alright, creepy blue lips guy is really getting freaky.
Upcoming Fundraiser Wednesday November 16th: "Jazz & Jewelry" at First Christian Church of North Kansas City from 7:00 - 9:30pm
It's really sad when ppl can't distinguish the proper use of "your" and "you're". Log off YOUR twitter account because YOU'RE an idiot!! :)
I think it is a combo of landing page and the ask...the ask drives them there. But a sucky page may kill the deal.
Happy Birthday Milwaukee! Celebrating at and with !
Thanks for following me Dennis!
Tak boleh , password or email wrong
Dodgers have no heart, pickibg winners doesn't get much easier than last night. Angels to follow suit 2nite?
The double v was in the wash.
suuuuurreeee there won't. Get a couple of beers in you and it'll be the Cubby Bear check-in and then the Pink Monkey...
It's always a pleasure to meet talented people.
Am I going on a mini-roadtrip??
been trying to sell it, but no takers or some reason.
: thanks for following me.I'll follow u back.have a nice day.
Buddy & Porky Pet Health: Threat of Salmonella Continues: They include: Solid Gold Wolf King and Solid Gold Wolf Cub, sold by Gold He...
Have yourself a free Carne Adovada sandwich. Just mention promo code: CA10. Come in or drive thru.
I finished and submitted the last of my term papers. I relaxed today, weird feeling.
I love bronzer.
I'm doing it right now and you all seem bored
just go away.
Atlanta back in first place in the NL East.
Fuck no mane
Happy #humpday! Anybody out there facebooking? Check out Lux on FB! www.facebook.com/luxcreative We love design!!
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
thanks come around for espresso when I open
i cant be your superman but i can be your superhuman...
Tweet the url of the page where you would go to find info about MONTELL&COMPANY's economic consulting for a 20% discount on any service
Waited in line with 13 year olds to see #HungerGames in the middle of the day! Reaction to follow in t-minus 2.5 hours.
And let Orr play 2B? Yes, that makes sense. You are clueless. Please stop.
spending the weekend spring cleaning. What fun!
Hey Phil! I like ur face, will u marry me?
Happy St. Patty's Day!
oops! Damn phone, meant to write "your nerves" not "you're" lol!
Once we hit 1000 twitter followers, we are going to offer free shipping AND 50% off for 24 hours to celebrate! Get your friends to follow!
Lead from the place you are.
Don't play games with a girl who can play them better.
i can rap check me out!!! boom bannggg danng zannggg fuckk -___- give me a beat :D ?
very good!baby good luck!:D
The cubs are smackin the cards. Let's just hope the bullpen doesn't blow it.
Im ready to settle down im tired of beinq sinqle :(
Happiness is a continuation of happenings that are not resisted. :)
nothing new what about u ?
#yee THE BEST!!! #mahomielove... Etts so hard to get follow by
"whoever invented guns ought a be shot" - George Jefferson
<3 RT Bought shoes for a wedding this wknd, already hate them. I hate most shoes.
Everyone's invited to our Raidergate on SATURDAY at 2!
looking forward to a day full of nothingness
“hey can u please follow our friends they both make great music!” uhm jake doesn't? People these days Smh.
I follow back
Call (408) 247-8080 to get free teeth whitening for life. Silicon Valley Smile Center
Jsyk my dad is google translating what makes you beautiful and hes saying it in spanish
Why do I get spammed every time I tweet? Are they THAT bad?
Ah damn! Sigma throwing down HARD! Let's kick it #twincities! coming up next!
Sounds good. I'm setup with my network. How do we connect? email addresses?
Swish and flicker.
In my own bed tonight. God,yes
Well see that would be MY hair. Stick some mulch in it too. But I want SWOOPINESS LIKE YEW
Thank you to all our new followers!!! <3
this is why I love the city of Fort Worth I know where stuff is! Dallas not so much, good luck.
We just signed up for the Arts Midwest Conference in Minneapolis on September 7, 2011. We hope to see you there!
Monday's suck. I am however excited to see what this Jay-Z, Labor Day Festival is Philadelphia is all about though.
working working and more working
I have worked with Temptu at a salon I worked for in the past. I find their system to work extremely well.
At bela dubby for the last show as a venue known as bela dubby. Soon it will be a taco place. Renovations begin soon. Sad panda.
My alarm is set for 430.. Its time for bed. I'm getting old.
I remember for like the first min and then I forget.....I have a horrible memory at times
thank I appreciate it
Phenomenal bout - waiting for the decision! -ms
time is your game today? At somers?
Thank you for the RT, Friend. Yes, I am grateful I don't have to fight on my own. You don't have to either. God loves you. (:
I can't (what's your middle name?) tono!
I Kinda Miss my old life...lol #Memories ...#Bittersweet...I'm Trippin ^_^
either way I am honored you say this and am sure we will meet at some point!
But RVD is cool because he's on the pot!
still on for coffee tomorrow?
because i've been a complete dick to him. i'm so stressed.. i admit to being a dick. and an asshole.
I think imma be sleepin good tonight
This is the most fan friendly I have seen the brewers down in AZ in the past 4 years.
I was suppose to be coming at the end of the month but I had emergency surgery so now I can't fly :(
#HTH2012 noting tension. Digital folks careful to say digital less valuable / important than "real authentic object". Digital not 1st class
. My wife's 4'11", sub-100 pounds, a martial arts instructor, + loves playing hockey defense w/big guys. I believe *her*!
Thanks for the #FF! :)
But i reject linear narratives so
Ok good, that misery inning is over.
So, I think I completely bombed the multiple choice and did below average on the essays. Pleh. 😞
I'm so glad! Hope it brought a smile to your face : ) even though they look suuper cheap! Haha
he thought you paid a fee for the card and the books. I guess I should be grateful he at least realized you can borrow books?
hm to APPOLOGIZE?: got into fight with another girl at the Female Orgasm Seminar over our feelings on "the facebook" what a waste of time.
BJK is a true leader in womens sports-on my bucket list 2 hits some balls w/her 1 day!!!
oh yeah! There's one at the VisArt center here. I think it's mostly art pieces at that one though.
Somebody must have had an ecstatically delicious birthday!
BIGGEST FUCKING LIE.
Somehow though, any time I'M near anyone, they get more famous.
That's me all day. Keep up the good work and keep on telling it like it is.
burned 168 calories doing 32 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
Supt. Folks has proposed a 2% salary increase for employees next school year. Board will consider increase for 2012-13 budget.
Listening to the show on my Monday commute softens that Monday feeling. Not this week :'(
it's so hard to get out of bed this morning!
#GWWiseAgg is awesome!
Come watch Pay-Per-View Fights with our Knockouts! UFC 145, Saturday April 21.
how are u doing my beautiful friend?
just read your new book. HYSTERICAL! Completed it in a 2 hour plane ride. Such a good read!
I use Twitter to try and keep up on what's going on in the bowling space, but it gets hard to muddle through the noise.
StaffingMarketplace will be rebranind as Staffing & PEO Marketplace.com!
RT I miss me some Q haha..wat up homie?? <miss you more boo! all homo!!!
thanks for following! You inspire us! What inspires you? Share on our forum www.wearelux.com
alright my nigga
ill tell him to unblock u
It was deep, Paris :)
Focus Magazine wants to know! Who are your favorite contemporary photographers living today?
Let me know. It'd be naive not to think about physical space and connecting in the real world at an event like
oh man, I'm in the BX!
Found a pleasant lady that works at Walmart. I guess only in West Texas is that possible!
world! Have the best day EVER!
wht does that mean?
Playing just dance with hehheheh <3
One simple question: What are you going to do today to make yourself and business better? My answer to myself was "Take More Action"
What the fuck .. Is going on my my parents room.. I keep hereing screams..
Wonderful, thank you! I'll send you an email shortly from my SI address.
I'm happy to report that there were plenty of Tecates and really cute little kids at that baby shower.
thank you
Irrelevant conversations -__- <<<
Many people we're hidden in the mall. M, I would say not exactly, but hey, we have a huge parking lot for you to feel comfortable.
Thank you, sweetie! :-)
Is it just me...or is David Beckamm (spelling?) really difficult to understand on the new Burger King commercial?
I don't think she knows exactly what it means... But sometimes she runs around the house screaming it
Getting ready for CINEQUEST!!!!
Niggas B shootin slugs then try 2 b kool n ya face...But i dnt start shit i just finish it...So fuck em no more mr nice guy...
Yeah, he's a lucky fellow indeed, to be adored like that.
Well in that case, go Pats! Are you all Oscars viewers? That's more my style.
use yor voice and think of the things youwant to be heard and just say them. call obama and tell him what is on your mind.
he's doing what Tom delay did when his mugshot was taken. Make the pic look less "criminal"
we are glad you enjoyed it. You can't have world class care with bad food! That's why we focus on it.
I Am Highly Confident And Satistified w/ Who I Am. Confidence Is Everything..!!
": has a great weekly newsletter" Thanks for reading Nate!
Thanks! Going to be a sunny Sunday so it will be a great weekend!
not a place for protest.
We should have some freebies in a couple months, building a new factory to make tons (literallyl) of bagels. Stay tuned!
What a day...Some days the river just flows and some it's upstream all the way.
Make the most out of your consumers - enable them to create content for you.
Love It.
operation smoke is a "no-go" now:(
Hi Troy, both should work- the ePub is designed for the Kindle, but the PDF (which is laid out like the book) is also fine
man! Juliet Simms knocked it outa the park on #THEVOICE.."dont have nothin without a woman or a girl"
Good Morning Twitter Friends. It is wonderful to be here.
thanks!! On Warped?
Ask a fan of one direction if Harry is gay or not???
Just wrapped another San Diego: This Weekend video shoot at ! Stay tuned for the webisode tomorrow :)
“: a lot of wetness around the world tonight... i hope you're picking my voice to dance to...” hahahahahah you crazy lol
After last night's wind storm, I can officially confirm that if a tree falls and no one hears it, it still did actually fall.
Freeman. Hands down. Next ?. RT : Would you rather have Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones as the voice narrating your life?
30 Minutes or Less was pretty awesome. && OH YA #THEAVENGERS is ridiculously BADASS.
-ugh. i'll never buy a GE appliance again. Unacceptable (non)delivery. Unacceptable customer service
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐴
hahaha, I know all about that...
I'm gonna be performing for a bunch of senior citizens
#ObamaInHistory in 6 months he will be
me too! RT It's about the message, not the technology--love how present post-it notes are in the Letting Go session.
i mean
I Do So Much Online Shopping It Dnt Mak No Sense
Noted speakers addressing economic development resources & governor's funding initiatives Power Breakfast.
I know all because I said hi
Go figure the pitcher breaks it up...track record says position player incapable
graças. Yea lol. It was funny
if it makes you feel any better this account is followed by three of the ICONic Boyz.!;D <33 lol
off to massachusetts for my brother's wedding!!
that's ok another day for sure :)
Pretty over the top, don't know how it could be all that tasty!
I could really go for a coke icee right now. 😜
I am sixteen, going on seventeen. Meet me at the gazeebo so we can sing about our age [stop]
E new shoes will be here on Saturday!
Visiting #ZooLights this weekend at the National Zoo? Make a night of it and come to LiLLiES for dinner, just down the block from the Zoo!
It's hard to write a horror story when showtunes are blasting at your local coffee shop. Even if the song is about demons.
All eyes on Cupertino, CA today. I hope this has been worth the wait. My 3G is on its last leg.
This race is scaring me.....
ugh I feel for you, papers suck. What also sucks is this getting up at 5:30 thing I'm doing, welcome to adulthood, I guess.
sorry I don't keep you posted on my life baby. I'll be back tomorrow night though!
One of my co-workers is eating a bean burrito as a morning snack. And she's still so skinny. Mind boggling.
Blue skies and warm. Who's picking up some bratwurst for grilling this evening?
exciting social media software rollout being announced on tonight's business development training webinar
N*ggas be lyin they a** off...that's why I don't fw alotta people.
i really wanna know what people in other countries think of California Girls or just American girls in general ? :o
Denver is not playing tonight
the beatles<3
Alabama, Arkansas, I do love my ma & pa.
I know a man who's really cocky, but he drives a 02 cavalier. Not knocking him, I just think he should be a little more humble
aww I barely saw this :') haha thank you!!:D
Nicest part of my morning - drinking coffee and listening to coffee break in my car.
Leaving Coney Island...late night...but some things were accomplished
When it comes to something important base your judgement on the facts
Cigarettes hurt me. Sometimes I just can't drop them. Hiding in the rain, smoking a cigarette from a friend. MKE.
#TheresNoExcuseFor not being awesome.
I don't understand when people abbreviate when to whn and later to lttr and etc. Like are you that lazy to not put in one letter?
just think about how good that division was last year...and how bad it was this year, yet a Pacific team will make the Final
Fuck you to than... Bitch
What are some of your goals?
Ugh my phone isn't new enough to play Temple Run never mind.
what do you mean by *wtf*
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
GOOD JOB(: you did amazing. 
Man, it's upset Friday.
dont you mean single girls lol
I can see how this makes life easier for adults!
Or not... I see how it is! Hahaha! :P
Bitches ain't shit they ain't saying nothing...
And the shootings and homicides continue...
"I thought they killed Osama Bin Laden." - Nyles. You don't want to know what he was referring to.
16 hour day today. 5 am to 9 pm. Had a great time!
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
That's all they played! Thanks to everyone for showing their support!! To all performers: YOU ROCKED IT TONIGHT!!! & thanx
we loved having you! Come back anytime.
The UGlee American
lol its all good, its probably because I'm from Vegas
Lol...(yea, i'm like 4hrs late replying,,,phone jacked up lmao)
how i wanted to see how it would look but I couldn't even get it near it, it wasn't meant for what i hope once happens
never www.Troublesumworld.com
I wish rent wasn't so high in Old Town- that first block of King Street would be PERFECT! Lottery tix needed.
Save the date, y'all! - 6/1/2012 - for the upcoming indiegogo fundraising campaign for the Sweaty Booty Cheeks video! Introducing worldwide…
Following on instagram? Be apart of our SCOPE, tag your previous SCOPE Art Show photos #SCOPEArtShow & connect !
Doing a guest spot this weekend at the #brunswick #maine Knights of Columbus. Hope they like the C word! (I don't mean Christ)
oh sexy mamma
Now what??
Still wrestling with getting back into something I was never good at: blogging.
tor's dropping of drm got an applause from #dplawest #dpla audience
Moontower Comedy Fest or Psych Fest: what is everyone excited for this weekend? Austin will be (even more) full of funny, spacey folks.
Cool, can't wait! Thanks for sharing.
Even when folks are hitting you over the head, you can't stop marching. Even when they're turning the hoses on you, you can't stop.- Obama
ANDD that's my rant for today, and I'm done. Lol Everyone have a blessed day.
Shout Out to Brandon V. newest member of the team! welcome to the family cuzzo!
There's a kid behind me with a talking toy and the longer I hear it, the more my ovaries shrink.
"UX Design" is more than just "web design" and "web design for mobile"
TRUST means everything, but once it's broken SORRY means nothing.
we're all drowning in our tears over Turn To You, imagine what we'll be like when we hear Believe, the song justin wrote for US... omg.
haha that is so true.
Triple Letter and Triple Word
yeah bff
"that just got me harder than fuck!" ohh the things guys say these days..
hi lynn am good thanks for asking....had a stent put in my heart and feel so much better...how are you my friend?
"Your grammar," I said, "is almost as loose as your toupee." --Raymond Chandler
Can't believe I'm saying this but this #Bruins fan is now rooting for #Devils this year to add 1 more chip to this great goalie's legacy.
#NP ONE IN A MILLION ~ AALIYAH ❤
Russian can be tricky to translate. I have only read his works in Russian.
Why is Ryan Gosling so godamn hot?
Do you get out of town every time it rains? Just wondering?
Thanks for spreading the word about free admission at DM us, and we'll send your iTunes gift card!
RT : "we support by doing what we do best... Helping organizations solve their most complex issues" Evan Hochberg
huge nite for TV, thank goodness for DVRs
What do you think of the Seahawks taking Bruce Irvin?
What a day to find out I have a hole in my shoe. Soggy sock. :(
An incredibly beautiful piece of music, Helen. Purchased Aviators on iTunes and looking forward to more.
Off too School :P
My old lunches consisted of naps: now they consist of squats, dips and curls.
Was that a manhole explosion in Back Bay or Syracuse's basketball season blowing up? #Hiyo!
happy birthday!! :D
you love that too, Lmao!!!
Happy 236st Birthday ! Hoorah, thanks for what you do everyday!
Going to a party later :D
we're bummed too! it's in mid 90's. In August , this will be a cool down!
I use Canandaigua National Bank specifically for the free Princess stickers. Oh they have Dora too!
I'm cruising down the street in my 6 4 jocking the bitches slapping' the hooooeesss
There's nothing like listening to Brian Eno's "Music for Airports" on a 70s "surround sound" system in the library AV room.
Chickens at 26 weeks but not one egg yet -- clearly sorcery is at work.
Working with a PGA Tour Player and his caddie today. I love it when people realize golf is not an individual sport - takes a focused team.
Ofcourse I wanna grow but listen this is all I know
there are plenty in Tennessee!
The LIQUID crew is still reeling over the Dallas win. Good water cooler convo!
": samples samples samples"
I'll Have Another wins the Kentucky Derby......1st win in history for post position #19 in the Derby.
Cook County Assessor's bill that cracks down on folks w/erroneous multiple exemptions comes out of Senate Exec w/vote of 9-5.
I am imagining Ewoks crushing AT-STs
yup, plus prosecution accidentally revealing accuser's names and now McQuearly filing lawsuit
follow me i will keepu updated of everything nba nfl nhl wnba soccer anything u name it it takes on button follow below
RT "With iteration there is no beginning or end..Only small steps forward"#contentstrategy isn't a project, it's ongoing.
Happy Easter!
RICK! Long time...! Good hearing from you. Thanks for advice, but it's cuz we don't have photoshop. :-/
U can be the King (Boss) all damn day but when U don't understand Ppls emotions & Politics U R setting Ur self up 2 get served cyanide soup
im at work right now but we can kick it when I get off ima call u
Pretending Feelings Aren't There Doesn't Make Them Go Away.
Thanks for following us Carlino's! We're happy to stop in for a tasting anytime, just say when... Cheers!
I would have predicted 2 runs in 6 IP. Conrad, Green, Izturis and Gallardo are 44% of the lineup!
3 Mile Making Strides walk today in Daytona Beach....Good turn out.
Skip, I definitely agree with your point regarding born again Christians. People are always tempting them to do wrong.
I bet things are really awkward at the Paris Home Depot today.
So I Married an Axe Murderer. RT : RT : If you had to watch 1 movie 5x in a row, which movie would it be?
LOL, you're a bitch.
West Virginia: WV House OK's bill to allow liquor sampling
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Wants Federal Government To Let All Gay Couples Adopt - Instinct Magazine (blog)
Huntsman: Young people most likely to identify as unaffiliated
stay on his grind that nigga is a true #inspiration!
Styles P. - Good Times (I Get High)
Is anyone worth talking to on? I have all period.
hey buddy! wyd?
"Relish every sandwich"
I love LA. I really do. I'm a die-hard NYer, but I love LA.
So.... The Lucky One is my favorite movie now.
every time someone asks for my opinion on something, they end up going against it.
3 Adventure Gaming pioneers that every gamer should know
don't worry, you always think of something good! Let's get something trending :)
Daylight savings time - I love you! It's 6pm and light out
Getting ready to interview Taio Cruz before he goes on stage!
is the People of Idaho represented, our website will be up soon. www.WeThePeopleOfIdaho.com
yup. And draft one in the 2nd or 3rd round to learn under Gurode for a year or 2
Well me and Kyle, we looked at each other, and we each said... "Okay."
SAME AWAY FROM DIS S*IT “: Could use a #romanholiday right now!! x”
yes we were talking about that the other day!
please tell me you've started the project..
When the beat just keeps going
hahaha, yah I followed you :P
Rolling In The Car With The Windows Down Blasting The Music Loud , On A Hot Sunny Day ! (: Can't Wait Till Summer ! <3 .
I'm just gonna starve myself until I disappear, and turn into dust.
With the Cavaliers getting hot (or healthy) behind the Bucks, and the Knicks faltering, no good lottery pick coming and no playoffs assured.
I've had 5 calls from out of state today. No messages left. What gives?
cant burry your head in the sand and act like bad things dont happen ALL ur life UNFORTUNATELY bad stuff happens
Thanks everyone for coming out last night! Like being on top ;) Gather your friends & head out to #MVP at the door to rage!
My Wickless Evolution website is being designed as we speak. Stay tuned for the launch. Exciting stuff, folks!
God will smyte u for bringing this up RT 1995 Missouri v UCLA: The Bruins beat Missouri with a buzzer beater by Tyus Edny
8 Mile is such a good movie
What the hell are you doing in Jersey?
City of Louisville announces it will reopen 7th St. to River Road after closing it in 2007. Says sorry about that whole Museum Plaza thing.
really? do we get to eat it at the show?
You got your fingers snared in my veins! I think its time you them out.
hi sweetie! can u check josh's page and let me know if you can c the graphic ok... i made his the same size as urs ;)
CALLING INVISIBLE WOMEN- may appeal to middle aged ladies with empty nests. Book club title.
Thought I was, but guess not
And I splash on a bunch of clothes cause I’m living life!!
It's a lazy sunday afternoon with wet snow falling from the sky that isn't sticking to the ground
Gah! And now I'm logging off spoilertastic twitter. Love Weeden as Browns QB, but hate making the pick, if that makes sense.
My grandma also has fake boobs...
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. - Lao Tzu
Haha that's embarrassing-- The western theme that hardly makes sense is probably the best part!
My brother can sometimes be annoying.
We had to order more postcards for people to send to Congress - that's a good thing! Make your voice heard at
And what if I retweeted yet again?! Better not to risk it.
My garage floor is the envy of my neighborhood. A sight that words don't do justice.
Is it bad that I never want to be responsible for cooking Thanksgiving dinner?
stop lying.
Hey :D
Looks like I'll be crying myself to sleep again.
Done with my #gtd end-of-decade review. A giant #mindmanager map with horizons of focus and with hyperlinks to related tasks in #toodledo!
the jalex shirt is the most amazing shirt i've ever seen, i definitely need this in my life now.
i really need to start reading labels on cold medicines... shocked i made it to work today w/out passing out from the drowsiness...
someone said that made me lazy :( thanks for believing in the "POWER OF RETWEET" It's #Awesome ! RT :D ~~~~rich
If u don't have anything positive to say to me then do me a favor and don't say nothing at all
And to my utility company: Thanks for sharing the entire community's email addresses. Have you heard of this fancy new trick called "bcc"?
OMGCF !!!!!!!!! Their coming back to California ?
Had an awesome (if very indoor) weekend at #WSJdata - thanks !
U Stupid! Lol
hey all my functions are acting crazy. please fix it. Thanks, bye
if I can i will! I'll let you know on Thursday :)
Man I'm Bored
Dig In
Pizza and beer. It's a good night.
I'm saying this notion of a 40-hr time clock is foreign in academia where productivity is measured in ways other than hours.
thanks for following!
ty. and oooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmmgggggggg are you ok?! so sorry to hear!
new house?
We like that we can set it up in house and it will process log files as well as let us tag pages.
Just picked up a few more bottles of Hopslam and Expedition. It's gonna be a good Beer Breakfast Tuesday tomorrow
S/O to our newest followers , and we always follow back
recording a Voice Over Audition and my mic cable is on the fritz! anyone know where I can get a new one? I live in the valley!
This week is my week
Aw just fuck off!
Great seeing you today!
Council tables Marks' bill to seek term limits for council members.
Enjoying the cold winter air in NYC, polar opposite to LA!
When I was little I used to think Miley Cyrus was actually hiding be Hannah Montana and I was the only one who knew..
i like your accent.
Bad Times r to b looked upon n understood .........
Are you a volunteer and do you have a story to share? Let us celebrate with you, come and tell us the highlight of one of your experiences!
RT : Ooh, #WineRiot, eh? Maybe I can convince people to give me free booze.
lol. Please watch the video asap.
I have a feeling he'll receive the news from Board of directors that he's fired after what he did to
Hell yeah , fuckin' right.
Wow. That was amazing. Fuck everyone who doesn't love this game.
Thank you!!!!!!!! So nervous for today. Can't wait for it to be over!
So goodnight moon, &goodnight you.
love and light
Never tell that you've served roadkill for dinner.
;) RT : Yeah. Lots of customers are tools. :)
Great article. Thanks. It gave me some ideas to help the wife with her blog and site.
Baby Hayes is Aka buck boy.
Today til close we will be offering 12% off the entire store as part of the "12 Days of Andaluz".
87 cappers with plays posted today and 3 NBA consensus from their picks that are on a nice 20-4-1 run over last 10 posts,,see ya @ t window
And there goes my good mood -.- thanks mom !!
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Same to you Michael!
You're not cool if you have to tell people you're cool
": hey love" hey what's gooodie? Ain't seen u n a min.
do u still have autographed vinyl left?
#np Ain't No Rest for the Wicked - Cage the Elephant
listening to pacha podcast from 3/6, it's pumpin me up gym
It is freaking cold out there!
When, and more importantly, why did you decide to start using social media?
am I supposed to believe that abercrombie actually has a football team? and if they do have a team their recruiting seems questionable.
Great pass Earl Watson I see u getting 22 Mina game 11 yrs,! You still got it and it is mention to be ! Keep ballin EJ! And hold young bucks
Great speakers tonight urging #SolanaBeach Council to become 1st in #SanDiego cities to #banthebag and reduce
if you are an artist, promoter, club manager, club owner, producer dj ,email me so we can give u a profile on
Right, which then becomes a legitimating factor in any policy or media discourse that deploys it (e.g., Moynihan and Myrdal crap).
Don't laugh at me.lol JazzyBaee92
That's straight up dereliction of duty right there. You should definitely write a letter.
Baby sitting my girls... I'm thinking nap time.
Sorry? Mine was a Trader Joe's frozen meal, so it wasn't *real* Indian food!
Proud of AU alum Octavia Spencer winning best supporting actress!
depends if it is a casual thing or has relationship potential
It's been that way for years.
I say fuck it all.
Despite his level of academic & intellectual prowess, Imam Anwar Shah al-Kashmiri would refer to himself as a simple talib al-'ilm
You're welcome :)
I swear, if I end this day without stranglin' a bitch, it will be a miracle.
YES! THE POINT EXACTLY. my 3rd period is all in. Love This play. Such great lines of poetry and wisdom.
I hope Boise St. Lose to win my Bid.
Now taking res. for the hottest tkt in town:Gold Coast Int'l Film Fest.entries from Berlin, Cannes, Sundance+new films this June. msg me!
Hopefully President Obama's support for gay marriage leads to action. Saying something is one thing, doing something is another.
I would suggest contacting first!
At home looking at homes for sale on the internet. Can't wait for the gym tommorow. BOO YAH!!!
#FF - My favorite douche in the world!
finished watching The Wire. Doubt there will ever be a series so great again in my lifetime.
Animals wane their children at the appropriate time without emotion or guilt. Humans should do too; no 4yrs old walking to mom to suck milk
there's now a blinking light above our vending machine at work, Everytime I put a coin in I feel like Im feeding Zoltar from "Big" the movie
just updated to Natty Narwhal #ubuntu unity is pretty slick at first sight.
#goalforsummer Learn She by Tyler The Creator
On this warm windy day a Egg Salad sandwich with a cup of Gypsy Vegetable and a Blueberry Rooibos iced tea would hit the spot.
OMG. Just watched 'titanic sounds' and saw myself like 90 times.
Thank god I finally got that outta my system 😊👍
wants to know what your doing to celebrate your 4th of July weekend. Enjoy & BSafe!
If you are in Portland this better is on the !
♥[[ATTENTION]]♥ In love? Heartbroken? Or just want a laugh? Go follow for some of the best quotes on Twitter!
Is excited about the possibility of not one, but TWO trips to in the next two to three months.
Or, I suppose this is basically what Freebase is, right?
Hard to not feel bad for Kyle Williams of SF & Billy Cundiff of Baltimore. Hope both men get the chance to redeem themselves.
#Imissyouterribly and I can't wait till tomorrow when i get to kiss you!
please #FollowMeAlexConstancio im trying so hard please follow or ? RT if you see this <3 i love you :D
Some people are so terribly short sighted.
7 #ppv low Carb bagel :) #weightwatchers That's what I got going on this morning
To be successful in life you sometimes have to go through a crisis. Praise God for the crisis because he will bring you through.
Clicking everywhere. What is it?
it's been a hard days night
Yes! I can't complain. Great things happening. Just staying focused. :)
Gym is going to be the death of me!!!
Miss Angie's single "Kick Drum" is #25 on the CRW charts this week!
my pleasure!! Found the photos n I had to! :p
Are there any substantive changes with your Timeline tutorial since Google Docs has made some changes?
Time for the viper to strike
yay I wear toms!(:
apologies for the hiatus, revamping a few things, and a final edit for our book and game is in order. We are seeking investors at the moment
Please win today #Orioles so it will stop being spookily exactly the same as 2005.
+ can you follow me??? cuz you rock and i didnt quit pandanda!!!
AWESOME. I was poking around a bit on the DB site and getting a bit perplexed by the options.
Having to wait 2-3 weeks for my new iPad to be delivered
your beats are the shit bro keep it up
I would have to agree with you about the shows glorifying teenage pregnancy.
wats good mwah
RT : 80legs.com is a nice tool to scrape websites. They give simple data access methods.
Thanks, Maryann! (I think a full night's sleep is where my celebration starts...ah, to drift off w/out reorganizing plot points)
How romantic! You and Betsy sitting in front of the computer watching #hawkcam instead of going to the beach!
without Galinari and Afflalo!!! Come on guys, play fair. 1-1...We'll see ya April 11th i@ PC...
Did my building just get buzzed by jets? I love living in the city!
Swear these pretzel crisps are
no I saw one of your tweets to Dahvie a day or two after the show and started following you. :-) I was at the show withmy m ...
#FF literary heroes
How many of you are adult children living w/ your parents? Do you know people who are? How come?
Just finished my yoga session. Thank you for introducing me to yoga through your book "Do You". It is a must-read!!!
after this I will listen to 's "Oceanea" on repeat because i couldn't go to his show right here in my backyard.
would love to see that presentation!
Good, glad that's all. My friends kid's named Brooklyn because being born didn't quite celebrate the conception enough
You are so good together guys!!!!!!!!!
Jay Sean And Lil Wayne Reunite For 'Hit The Lights'
I think its funny how being on Facebook and Twitter at work went from taboo to accepted to getting on Facebook and Twitter FOR work.
Sox, Celtics losing, and losing ugly
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s estranged wife found dead. I just unfollowed him yesterday. Strange .... stay tuned.
yes you are lame! I can't I got class right now until English
The only time I went outside today was to eat a breakfast burritto on my patio...must be close to finals week
Nissan Says Hackers Stole User IDs, Hashed Passwords
Nothing to do a friday night
A man is not where he lives, but where he loves.
any word from TBS on when they plan to begin airing CT repeats?
handsome devils
Over the weekend, a friend made references to both a palm pilot and about.com. For the briefest second, I feared it was 2003 all over again
Start spreading the news...
It's ok. I must've barely missed you coming back online. I did some more library exploring then got a call so I logged off :(
I am quite new to twitter. I have about 500 followers in my field. I think my tweets are useful. But have to ask: Is anybody reading them?
how are u kei!!
thanks man! U do the same ;D
haha where did u get that from
Tune in to 1340am on the COACH COOK RADIO SHOW at 9am, Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will join Coach live in studio!
It's cinco de mayo, everyone should be entitled to at least 1 margarita!
The heart wants soft furniture.
this usually the case I used to iron while I was on conference calls
this is insane
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State
ITS HOT AS FUCK IN HERE!
Know what's up with the police helicopter circling La Jolla/Bird Rock? Missing child?
Say it ain't so, the Epic 4G isn't going to have #NFC after all? BAH!!
Todays market right on. What happened to all the good news last week? Who makes the news up anyway?
Brian!! Don't you know, attics are where it's at for writing the great American novel.
It was a pleasure meeting today and hearing her speak about the future of scholarly pub'ing. Thanks, and !
Lmao. This little boy came up to me "trick or treat" while picking his nose.
The roads are slick and snowy in Salt Lake today! If you had a virtual office with Davinci you could stay cozy in bed today!
My mom is the coolest
Did Obama just outlaw dropouts?
you have a motorcycle?
mission accomplished
Up in the studio me and my drank lol
can you do a "that's the scoop" video so I can understand the issues surrounding pension reform?
Another Icon has left us and my prayers go to Whitney Houston's family.....
Meeting will still take place but Build Day is now cancelled. Future dates will be discussed.
Access to books is one of the (if not the) main reasons kids "make it" as readers. Kids with no access don't make it.
lol, my son plays at 4... Will you be at free state?
On a whistling train this morning. It's driving me mad.
will do!
New Supah Ninjas 2nite!!I <3 SATURDAYS Would Love If You Followed Me.New cupcakes 2nite Gracie.
My new motto: RT : Expecting life to be fair cuz u'r a good person is like expecting a bull not to charge u because u'r a vegan
You can't move forward while in neutral.Get moving. Keep smiling.
Chapter 2012 Page 132 of 366 Thankful for my one and only source and supplier of my needs.
Smelling like a cat >>>
can it be warped tour yet?
Nice! What are you training for, or is it just to train for the summer biking weather?
We're especially excited that shortlisted in Vendor Thought-Leader Award though he's up against tough competition!
Just sent manuscript for my new book to the publisher. Hallelujah! Glad to have that done. It's about spiritual fathers and mothers.
I forgive you.
I just want a quickie.
RT US dollar, US stock futures up on news of #Osama capture. Read as new market confidence in the United States.
the beehive also good for jazz. But yeh. Wally's is the best. Very small but good. Parking a bitch at Wally's.
Alright so I'm leaving Howard's campus right now and these guys are talking about like 3 parties that are starting... I'm ready for college!
can you do us a huge favor and RT this. we want to try to get our name out there. we are hug whores too so HUGS FOR EVERYBODY <3
I think top-10 end-of-year lists are silly. And yet read them voraciously.
My So-Called Life was such a friggin good show!!! <3
Whatever doe, sleeping all day, erryday. Fuck it!
aww so do I!
yeah half of it is going to Schafer now :P
Roly-poly little bat faced girl is the hardest anyone's ever come in a lyric sorry
fun too to see some of my research flying through the twit-o-sphere - spent a good amt of time on that project!
Close-that's next week. Thank you in advance
Couldn't do it...unfortunately,the fruit snacks I chose were not satisfying.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. Henry Ford
Cheers Raider Nation!
Amazing... I'm finally making a living online!
...used to not hire. I just want the options to graduates open and the excuses not to hire eliminated. Having college helps.
wow even more amatuers trying to throw hooks in ireland, whata shock, heres hoping they dont get it banned for the rest of us
Holy shit...Twitter!
why does That happen, it happens to me
Sorry to everyone that got spam from us. Our password has been changed.
Not at all. RT : This is not good. RT : So does that mean the season's over already? RT Green Bay gave up"
New This Week | Four new jobs and two new grants. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
can you pinch hit for Davis?
Today we will lay to rest FFPM Michael Manieri. Members attending, line up is 10:15am @ Shrine of the Little Flower 3500 Belair Rd.
Missing Bosh... Not just on the court, but seems like the #Heat have no confidence...
I mean, besides the obvious facepalm
Check this video out SOLO XQUZIT"FEEL MY SWAGGER"and dance called "SWAGG SWAERING"youtube.com/watch?v=mRuX7L6Rm44&feature=share via
ditto! <3 x
Had a great performance tonight with lot's of fun & received an amazing compliment from an important director lady (84)! YAYYYYY!!!!
Miss you in the wwe!! Girl
Come back up to Sac and get your BBQ tri-tip and bergamot asparagus dinner.
#Itsucks #ResearchMethods just done presenting using confidence intervals in within-subject design! YeaaY it's time to focus on other stuff!
Yes, I do not
ask if he has any to share
DONT SELL YOURSELF SHORT
only a matter of time before i get arrested for indecent exposure. i seem to forget the car isnt a dressing room.
I vastly prefer your interpretation. Gonna go with that.
Everyone wish Miranda Cosgrove a Happy Birthday today :)
SXSW launches Startup Village
2nite saw cops pull up next to a guy talking on his handset. Ticket? No. Thumbs up! What's that about???
Listening to Manager Tools. I'm oddly fascinated by this podcast, even though I am not currently a manager.
I'm totally blanking! Did you see "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World"?
I'm digging your photos. Looking forward to Cing U at NoKill Conf. Bringing 2 co-workers w/me. Keep fighting the good fight!
- Madison and all of WI is proud to have you fighting for us. Thank You!
Thank you!
"JeffDavis50 - Love it don't wanna be a dud, I wanna be a stud lol amazing"
Thanks for adding us to your list!
Good tough questions today in debate of penalties for failure to #reportabuse thx DelMcDermott, DelDumais, DelMcComas for sponsoring.
No GB meetup, but hope your keynote went well! Thanks to for her help organizing our upcoming Skype session! :)
Help us connect with and mentor local #fostercare alumni as we seek to establish a FCAA State Chapter in
yes! talking to you just now made me so excited!
Class of 2016... high school is going to be hell for you.
Definitely. And it wouldn't be smart of Hobson to do what Kevin Durant did. Just imagine what Texas could have done.
RT : Retweet if you want to see the production shots from "Spring Series!"
Call me spongebob, I'm flipping krabby patties! I go to work, I do my cat daddy
"I was like, I'm going to jail because #justinbieber made me push a button." - #taylorswift haha I love #Punk'd
eat at Nandos!!!!
Interesting that ADHD runs in the family. Kudos on breastfeeding, it helps a lot to boost immunity (allergy & antibody response)
And, done with that :(
I would certainly hope so. Keep up the awesome work, guys!
mostly I meant Radomski - what a moment for a 16 year old kid - but also many of the mets (strawberry, gooden, dykstra, et al)
What fo clara barton and walt whitman have in common?
really!? Just doodles? :-)
Inspired by to start a tshirt riot. Who's in?
you should take a picture of you biting your lip.(guys biting their lip=OMG SEXY.) That'd make you even more perfect(: i<3 you
I had, jito. Since when are you a Twitter fan, Bird Man?
Yep. She's in Boulder and I live in Denver but they're close enough. It would be great to put a face to a Twitter handle!
If we eva whoopty whoop I want all the bleepty bleep
RT : Today is a great day to do what you love. If not now then when?
I don't even know
You guys helped win #funfreshfree :)
What do you do the morning of a race?
Thoroughly excited that is following me as I've been a fan of his exotic bug-eating and general shenanigans for a long time.
If you could pass everything along to me that would be great...
#inhighschool i made a blow torch from axe body spray and a light
Which goalie is gonna flinch? Put the biscuit in the basket...or go home.
Breaking from the norm - sincere sympathies go out to family of Amy Winehouse who was found dead in her apt this morning. She was only 27!
Live, love, and laugh. The three L's of my life.
Something tells me, you'll be sledding a couple of times before the end of the month. Winter is always weird in O-H-I-O!
Let's make Rock The Ink a trending topic! Only one month until Rock The Ink!!!! So let's make this final month count!
yes. go. x
Have a safe trip and don't bring back any snow!
Why the fuck is Rondo shooting fadeaways with a minute left!!!
The Dictator was really good!
So excited to be here! “: Anyone else excited for today's luncheon?”
Behind scenes photos are always fun!
schools climate denier in audience. Climate change is the infringement on civili liberties, not the govt regs to reduce GHGs.
i wanna say it doesnt bother me, but it does. i wanna say im happy for you two, but im not. that was a bitch move..
LMAO RT : YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB. CHRIS RT : Left my twitter up at work
- your recipes are #OneInAMillion but I make them #dairyfree for my tummy!
yeah I meant concussion wise. I think he looks good, maybe needs a speedy receiver to be picked up in the draft
Wish I had some secret supper leftovers for breakfast!
James who? I'm too lazy to check...if it's hetfield, I will steal a jet right now just to be there for the shit.
Oh! I love her! Happy Easter Saigh Family!!!
I Only Been Back In My Hood About A Week And They Already Killed Two People Out Here... #INSANITY!
Like I said. It's all about the second half with Kansas. UK has to find its shot
WOW U ON 1 TODAY
Yayyy followed me! If followed me too I think I'd die! Or at least not care that I'm going to fail this test.
Pushing off - Bellingham here we come.
I love you Andy
hey boo u look gewd in that pic
Yup.back at the lake now.
Barry trunk is my soulmate but he is running from me because i hurt him unintentionally over hurting inside from abuse i pushed him away
Being out of my house by this time <<< #killme #ineedmysleep !
Work is slow AF
cool.. I will have to check it out! Thanks! Is the Discipleship Class broken into groups (Jr. High vs Sr High)
I would agree with this. >> "If you really want to be engaging, a great first step is to respond when people talk to you."
change of plans, went to dinner with friends instead!
sort of. physics i just refresh my memory.haha, whataboutyou?
it's a good & will get better. My main issue is not being able to modify sharing/privacy.
Good weed , white wine
I'm finally getting around to posting audio & video excerpts of "Time in Eternity" for soprano and guitar! They should be ready this evening
NP ;) RT Thank you to for yummy delivery breakfast!
Showtime is from 12pm - 10pm so don't be late Vintage Reggae WinterFest MIRAMAR REGIONAL PARK - FEB 19th
O....people.....just gotta keep smiling, it'll be okay...
Tired as hell
It's such an awesome feeling, getting to the bottom of the laundry hamper.
Guess I have some extra fluid on me, cause my fluid pill is working this morning.
Happy Birthdayy MJ.!!! we all miss and Lovee you.! R.I.P
RT : There are 8 spots left for the $50 giftcard giveaway. You've gotta get in on this!! RT for an extra entry!
Welcome twitter miss lady. Great seeing. Lets catch up soon.
True love involves to people who not only are each the others sweet spot, 1 of 2
Also trying to control my sugar intake. I'm a sugarholic. >_< i had to put Equal in EVERYTHING when I was hardcore dieting.
Your work does that!
You better Go Head!!! That guy Caleb from Funky Knuckles was doing some Chick Corea Shit!!! :)
Aw! Thank you DevN1kes for the luv...... :-)
Merci for the mention!
It is true, Ann Romney "has never dealt with the kinds of economic issues that a majority of women in this country are facing."
haha what an awesome class!
The charanga!! RT Boxing or karate? What to do next?
-___________- Now I really am jealous waaahh I want a yipi now omg I could even taste it in my mouth and smell it LOL
Sounds like an outstanding idea!
lollol no problem dude
RT : And Fullers. And Thornbridge. Also a shit ton that don't export:I'm just talking about the beers we get in the US
Thanks!!! RT Protein + fiber filled carbs + healthy fats = stable glucose = #brainpower!
it was called flagrant 2 and downgraded to flagrant 1 after replay, and JVG = Jeff Van Gundy
Seacrest has awesome hair? News to me.
Tomorrow, 10/28/11, is National-National Day! :3 Can everyone please WEAR PURPLE tomorrow to show pride in PURE RANDOMNESS?? :3
“: The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things but their inward significance. -Aristotle”
I don't understand your ? Everything is possible with links and smartphones. Call you tomorrow. :-)
Prayers! Off to bed! xx
The best thing to do when #deciding between two things is to #trust your first #instinct. Any other one is already compromised.
And my heart can start beating again.
Thanks for the RT!
oh lol well it's true I love her! <3
thanks! It's just the start of a lot of fun summer launches for us.
So far, I have done a 5K walk (ACS fundraiser) and re-arranged my office today. Revising? What revising?
I love to sing. I sound horrible. But I love to sing.
layin in the bed textin as usual mad pat is here in town but wont be able to see his ugly ass cuz he didnt drive his own car
"May the fourth be with you" on this day.
Say hello to He's been at more than he's been home lately.
Happy Mother's day to you, too!
nahh if tou miss sunday funday you have to be accepted back!
ps - I'm telling my boss I'm going home because someone is being mean to me
absolutely no clue. Sorry
Visiting schoolboy on #Metro, "Why are we stopped?" I'm thinking, "So, you can ask another stupid question!"
WHAT IS MR. HANDYMAN? A full-service repair and maintenance company specalizing in taking care of everything on your "To Do" list.
We'll be tweeting from our Autism Speaks event! Can't wait to mingle for a great cause.
-except SEIU is not in the afl-cio, they are in Change to Win.
AMAZING Dance Rehearsal today 😃
#BICSI exhibition hall is great.
Use the rate code SNOW for 25% off our best available rate and $10 parking! Soak in our indoor whirlpool or order in-room dining service!
Thank you to the affable Prof. Stone for a really fantastic talk on design & information.
Well, we'll have to see how stem cell research can help the Bobbits out there.
what are you talkinnn about? I'm at home silly
I didn't hear it either, I was wearing my 3 goggles in ATL. Be good, June Bug.
Game 3. A game for the history books. Pujols - ties the record with 3 home runs #WorldSeries. Gotta love Baseball!
This episode is the true depiction of bullying.
Oh, well, I don't think about whether I am supporting authors. Besides, didn't you hear that she is in the middle too, likes both?
yeah I kept playing it over and over and I was like STOP WHAT ARE U DOING?!?!!!!!!??!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im giving half of my $$$ to Trayvon Martin's family && start a organization named after him <3
great trip, hopkins rolled stoney brook, md next weekend...
RT : "He drove a Chevy Volt; he died in a fire long before the apocalypse."
Dinner at on June 5.You will love it!
I refuse to call ron artest that other name. That's not ya name b.
They decided not to honor my 12 years exp. Teachers only. Funny I went through 2 months of their process b4 they told me.
Ugh. RT : Facebook just eliminated their biggest competitor for the mobile photo space. Bam.
Both nights in Brooklyn are Futureworld in it's entirety plus "special" set. Different "special" sets each night.
Table top, bench model t-shirt printers from caps-screenprinting.com are space savers for home-based printers.
Beautiful fall day in Portland. Worried it's the last.
I slacked off way too much this quarter, I know I'm gunna regret it.. shit 
Octavio Blowtel at his finest again. Not so good for the Cardinals.
Last Call Realization: I celebrate St. Drunken's Day in my heart every day.
Who wants to pick me up from the Nashville airport tomorrow morning?
The real life backstabbing, political alliances, and stratagems of city hall were growing predictable. Welcome back
Focusing on producing 's mixtape. Getting my skills.
People #RESPECT you for what your doing; not for what you're about to do.
We gone we gone we gone Get this MONEY
Don't forget to hit our 50% off sale tomorrow! www.goodwilldenver.org/locations for stores.
Holy crap, it's crazy downtown! Smashville is full throttle!!
Happy and safe new year from everyone at innovelop!
just 3, how much is yours?
Update blues chart on ReverbNation #5 LA/OC, 39 national, 68 global, #210 all genres LA/OC and 3989 global all genres. Happy New Years!
Dumb board
#ff the incomparable Ms. Annie Potts
Thank you. Happy holidays!
Off/Center: Art Writing from the Regions, Sept 20-22, with Looks pretty good! (#Atlanta )
I'm too excited to go see All Time Low this summer <333
hurry up! last two days to get your picture with the
Animal - Neon Trees
omg! the lake is frozen !!
Catching up on Twitter, I read about 2 million posts about a girl trapped in a noodle in Chicago. I'm even more confused.
Not Foreal I Broke Mine Nd I Havent Got A New One ..... *Sad Face*
Cafe Du Monde for beignets... Central Grocery for muffuletta... Acme Oyster Bar for its namesake. Yep, that's it.
When it's all over, it's not who you were. It's whether you made a difference.
RT A hood nigga like you yea i like that
Awesome music too! “: great movie”
Oil Jumps 2.5% to highest level in 9 months...
i dont have facebook sorry yo. ill make one soon and then i will i promise;)
i need a camera
happy birthday love yo site and hearing you interview hip hop stars
Thanks, ZippyG. "We are GO for Auto-Sequence Start."
Benilde-St. Margaret's just scored... now 4-0 late in the championship game against Hill-Murray. We will let you know on Fox @ 9 if they win
Oh my sweet lanta, hello there car show.
I always have problems opening my locker :/
The power of history is in the end the greatest power-Robert Caro
You can dance anywhere, even if only in your heart
Should have walked. #RTW protestors slowing down Super Bowl buses.
wait is cooler than me
I'll let u know how it goes, I'm skeptical
Diana Ross has NEVER won a Grammy?????
hahahahaha yeahh a lot of people say that!!! i will just keep trying :)
Is there anybody at all who finds the Fast Eddie's commercial appealing?!?
best: Wednesday morning worst: Sunday night?
How dare you say that and mention him in it #NoLove smh yhu gtta learn to not hate so much smh lol
FNM Tonight! Hope to see you there!
I had a small one years ago, but it's definitely about time to reinvest!
just spread butter with my finger because I didn't want to take 3 more steps to get a knife
Someone should tweet me! :)
I'm spending the day enjoying Oren Izenberg's Being Numerous.
HAHAHA LOL I was thinking you might've gotten that wrong haha, Go Drew Doughty!
showed your pops some chief keef vids the other day
Been loving some NC weather lately.
that letter to the customers makes that pretty clear IMO.
shes out than train smoke.
Back to back Saturday nights in Philly spent doing work. It's time for a real vacation. #Kentucky and
Bonus for working on the Range this weekend: my first meal at Gordy's High Hat. Nom nom nom.
Hot sauce is the most amazing thing ever!
Whenever I stretch it sounds like I'm being brutally murdered slowly and painfully.
Anyone know any good dog boarding spots in #seattle ? Looking for a place for our pooch on xmas, but everywhere seems booked solid!
It's a Coheed kind of night.
i get home and my bro made progress!!! :D
Thank you for the mention! Have a wonderful weekend. I look forward to your future tweets.
that's too bad! If you ever need help in the future, please let me know! If love to help.
Got the WMtn survey email. Great writing to whomever wrote it! Make me laugh = completed survey :)
Look trying to convert here! But HELLO This Twitter Bird needs to HAve alot of life put in it! Lets add
HCI question: Why did Wordstar have that huge menu that listed all the keyboard shortcuts? (Many kept it on while typing).
"Can't wait for LovingLocal to launch. Tonight is date night, and we're wishing we could already browse the Things to Do section for ideas!"
What a dummy.
Two more hours😳
how could i resist? it's DIANE.
I'm pretty sure my morning is going in slow motion.
thai food, ninkasi beer and masterpiece theater
Yeah your right... My head spinning
as am i
I literally cnt stand ppl who think they're better than me bc they can do more pushups/bench more/run longer/fucking crawl faster. Shutup.
What's the best advice you ever got from your Coach?
#derbyonnbc im voting for Ill have another, woo hoo!
#badgerhockey just got swept by michy freakin tech...ugh
love me some gambino. cant wait to see him at bonnaroo this summer.
Thanks for the follow! I was just checking out your website. When does your book come out?
I thought abt trying to syndicate bits for a while, but no, he doesn't. I do have a tattoo now: The mind is its own place.
#2 Scotty "fade away" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
have a great time out there today! :)
real librarians don't drink decaf :P
yay(: hospital for 6 hours now on the road for 2.
RT : Happy First Day of Spring... Now get back to work!
Joke: Wife said “Honey, take me someplace expensive.” Husband took her to the gas station… L☺L! !!!
Total love fest at Loving the Circle City as we parade through our favorite things about the city!
Someone please text me!
It was $340 to get my car back. The price of stupidity can get pretty hefty.
Its amazing how much stuff doesn't get done unless I do it.
Laurie Berman makes a great point in her quote at the end.
hell nurse.
Winter getting you down? Get a new cute raincoat. Hehe
Badgers 8-17 from the line
My girl and I are taking our mothers out for a mothers day dinner Saturday!
No press here that I can see. Probably this is too difficult for tv news to digest.
me too. :p . Well, i'm learning english and spanish, at school. You? ;)
its nothing
Your continued use of our website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms
This sounds really fun. If you have a lesson plan or anything I can read, I'd love to see it!
Happy Birthday Arizona! We're a proud member of your growing communities
Well, Huxley is being facetious. From that same essay: "thought is barred," "truth is not wanted" "in the City of Dreadful Joy."
jump in on the fastest growing segment of the decorated garment industry! www.anajet.com
The new #Bing layout is really cool. Would you use it if you didn't have gmail?
Every time step out he got a fly chick with him to compliment his swag!
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms out there!
and making those smashes. Let's get it
every follower have goes to #CharityForPoor Penny already raised $700 for the poor, you can help her by being her follower!
OM-double-G!!! That's rough!
haha fine! We'll try to come out with a few bad songs just for you!
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted – Aesop.
Am reviewing the Bernadette Peters & Michael Feinstein concert tonight
I Don't Like Justin Bieber, but i Don't Hate Him. So...
We may be a thousand miles apart, But I'll be with you wherever you are!!!..I'm already there...!
Halftime and the blues trail glendale by a try 6-11
Just got done with my best little buddy at his speech followup...looks like he's back on track for a 4yr old!! Yay!!
He was my best friend I tried to help him but he traded everything for suffering
Mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me.
eating mint chocolate ice cream
Hardest part of hanging out alone in a bar is pretending to like Family Guy
she said..you ain't no good but you feel so good
Have a fun and safe Super Sunday!
wow that took u a long time
Took a walk today and was taken back by the sound of the birds and the flowers peeking out of the ground. Beautiful.
Well thanks...-BF
BREAKING NEWS FROM : There are empty seats in Fenway on a cold wet night....ladies and gentlemen that's some reporting
Even when you lose you learn!!!
oh no! Sorry to hear about the ACL. Of course that means the Tour will be boring this year.
Yep! :) Lol were so cute together.!
NFL is not playing I see
Great to run into you here
Excited that is now following me back! Looking forward to the opener, and this season. Going to be a great summer in Reno!
on my way down soon for iced coffee!
too many suckas and not enough time...
you swear like you & him made songs together, stop acting like you knw him and stfu
shout out to my nigga 173rd ent 5 star studios and to the homie k lo k..
I couldn't help it man. I had to troll that one out of any of those you just tweeted. It was easier than recording me dancing.
can I send my PedSheds into rechaco for a resole?
We are using SendGrid primarily these days... but going to check out Marketo. Thanks!
Ok so no announcement yet today.
hopefully if keep cheering it on it will work! #PHISH #ComeOnDown #Please?
Continuing my Guy Ritchie movie marathon with "Revolver"
Yeah, the old guy was saying that he thought mamma bear was really trying to save him(!), based on past experiences w/her.
Another reason for cheer: Jenna, who takes her picks really seriously, wins dtlmadness.
Feeling sick today and Tuesdays are my super long days :(
last night was nothing compared to tonight
Meet SMI #amamrc in Atlanta, e.g. #eye tracking for #POS studies
CHICKEN KITCHEN!
This movie is pretty bad, in fact it sucks
� True friends are those who, when you make a fool of yourself, don't believe that this condition is permanent.� Erwin T. Randall
what great timing! Can't wait to have you and your daughter out!
Wonderful Wednesday art world! What did you create today?
Reporters at a popular bar called The Abbey for reaction to the President's remarks.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly cloudy. Scattered showers late this morning. Then numerous showers and...
Is an image request in the <noscript> on a page the only way that SC determines if JS is disabled?
if I were serving your food EVERYONE would show up. Who do I have to make go away to get a Mile End DC?
Exit Row
actually, i think my adopted children are eligible for free tuition. Lisa is not, however, which she's bummed about. :)
Debating whether or not I should follow because & get kinda creepy when they tweet about him
So excited .. I'm gonna be an Aunt to a baby girl!!!!! My sis-in-law is due in January ... Auntie Teather .. Oh my .. <3
FOR YOU(I WILL FIND THIS LETTER AND TAKE YOU TO COURT SOMEDAY) DISMANTLE YOUR COMPANY FOR HOW SHITTY YOU TREAT PEOPLE, YOU SAID I GOT TWO
Haven't tried it! Is it worth trying? :)
proud of being one of your 931.778 followers:) I love you so much! go #Ballerinas !
January 21Day Purification Group Program is set. Doing nutrition consults via Skype now 2 so U can B anywhere. Skype me@ SportsDocNarson
Lebron James played like a bi$?h in 4th quater
hahaha that does no.justice. can't see any of the alcohol behind or the keg of beer.
It is delicious!
hehe you see?(:
straight like that!!
Our 2015 post tandem of Megan Gustafson (South Shore) and Emma Roennenburg (Adams Friendship) are 5th and 7th in scoring in the Wis 15 class
I'm on smiley face overload looking at your convo hah
Disregard my previous question. Just saw your tweet about the blog post.
Any recommended good reads on Obama's announcement today?
Along wit celebrity comes bout 80 shots to your frame
he majored in business and minored in sexyness
What would I do without my favorite ppl: My son, my parents and GOD. I dont wanna know!
The Inventors & Entrepreneurs Meeting tonight at 7 PM in Ceremonial Chamber.
niga where the f*uck u been
Heading to Seattle!
Can you tell me how many trekkers visit K2 base camp each year from the Chinese side and Pakistani side? Thanks! Eric
yes! You better call me when you're here!
that being a reason.
So proud of all my kids and what they want to see happen this summer! Miss yall.
this is true. But at least its not one-sided like at the coliseum or NJ.
how do you forget something that you love? it's not really possible, is it?
how have you and your writing been?
I just finished a 2.03 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
and to you, dear. thank you. <3
Maybe the government wouldn't have the munchies if it got its nose out of our bongs.
hey i like you new pic!:)$
“Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold.” ~ Bob Marley #quote RT RT
Sit Toney's bum ass down.
take that Buster Olney!
What is your favorite coffee flavor?
Justin Wong is gonna win in #SFXT at #SXSW!
aw you guys are cute! 
Dagum I gots to practice my wobbling skills! concert in one week!!! #ExtremeAnticpation <3
If the Mets ever ask publicly why their attendance is subpar, I'm sending them a screenshot of your tweets from tonight.
Thanks for the mentions and !!!!!
Anyone wanna buy in on a center court penthouse suite for the bulls game tonight? $100 a person.
RT It's not gay if it's for a Klondike Bar.
I like Fab as well, but what I like about Everlane is its all their own products, and not 100 different products a day.
Label writing is a skill! A skill I am determined to master! But for now I am at least 150 words over the limit...
;; Let's be best friends .
now I present me and Shea's whole friendship timeline in about 3 tweets
And I thought coming at 10:30 would be early enough. Geez.
wow Samantha and Captain Awesome
All these people have the potential to party.
Goodnight guys :) don't forget to follow our personals and :)
I know that feeling Hang in there girl. You're kicking ass
agreed. and the only thing worse than mazz sometimes is felger.
Time for bed soon got an early morning tomorrow "/ but then after school I'll get on a plane to London with my friends =) YEEY
“: I say come to Indy Taryn!” <-well then, Indy it is! Looking forward 2 it n happy u r speaking there!
I just earned the 'Mad Love Ultimate Fan Badge' badge on CBS.com!
yes you're the old slob kabob he drools over.
f*ck the Best im Beyond it >>>>
My strategy on those shows is "whichever of you is willing to make out WITH EACH OTHER gets a rose!"
you guys should sing a song from Wicked or Rent.
It's like Kansas knew we where going to whip upon them in March! Hehe
NEW YORK GIANTS, Y U NO GIVE UP ALREADY??
RT : thanks for teaching me iPhone tricks! continuing education... happy to help!
Starting the day with a quick exercise program-great for the body and mind!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: What's an SMT? What's an RMT? Two of the best ways to get huge exposure and get paid for doing it!
Happy National Beer Day!
Thank you very much! :)
Can't say I'm excited for this. RT : From Vince: Freeze watch in effect all of SE WI late Thur. thru Fri AM. Lows inland: 30°
Being without Wikipedia for a day reminded me of post storm power outages we had as a kid. My, my, how times change us, & our expectations.
Any party with the Foo Fighters wouldn't be one to miss.
is not giving me shots. Martin is fucked up lol.
Thank you for sharing #ShineYourDivine with us!
Where else can you pick from 15 different sauces?!—ONLY at ABX!
What are the chances this backyard treasure hunt actually turns up anything related to the Gardner Museum heist? I say less than 1%.
San Diego peeps ever wanted to b in a #flashmob? Here's ur chance. Sun 10-2-11. Visit www.sandiegoweddingparty.com for choregoraphy & more!
Could you please RT this survey link? needs 7000 more responses! Jurisdictions r listening! TY!...
no doubt!
Follow me on instagram: juliakelert & I follow back
I need a Foot massage !
Twitter Steering Committee. Concept seems so foreign to me.
In case you haven't noticed yet from his tweets... Journal staff photog is on the balloon field this morning.
lmao hell yea they would but they ass would be straight after that
now you have it. :)
Chaos! Great tune
Yu(z) a bad mother. Tx is rollin now!
#Valpak envelopes start hitting homes today! In addition to killer #deals , keep an eye out for randomly inserted $100 Instant Win checks!
I always wonder what its like to actually hear people.
I can't believe its the 7th day of the #StationFast!! Its been an incredible week!
I will consider it.
had whitefish at Sable's earlier in the week. It was heavenly.
She Got A Ass On Her, && She Pretty In The Face, I Spent Some Cash On Her, It Aint Nun To A Playa . . #AwwYea :)
Best dinner EVER!
I got 99 problems and my girlfriend helps me eliminate them:]”.
is following !!! AND ITS RECENT!!! They both so FRESH!
Why does everyone hate goleman all of sudden?
