It's possible to find a great costume at a low price
taking my own coffee cup with me while walking & talking to people in office hallways. my 1st time.reminded me of my prof in graduate school
ITNS will likely be talked about for a long time. Sound long term #penny stock.
ya maybe !
And Hate Leprechauns are REALLY mean. U have been warned!
Vegan Chocolate Yeast Bread | Cheeky Kitchen
Sprinting to catch the 28x to the airport.
Very sad to hear of the passing of a true talent and a beautiful person... Rest in peace Whitney Houston.
getting ready to sell my house in Seattle (University Park / Ravenna). Let me know if you know anyone who is looking.
did u hear Gaga will be in Cleve this summer!? & elton john is coming/did come to the covelli center...isn't that beyond weird?
Phuck. Double episode.
Blue Angels are buzzing the house.
Baltimore folk: I know we have a hackathon and bmorefail. Is there anyone interested in doing a culinary equivalent?
Time to get my lineup ready for the summer...who tryna be on Team Jette? #AcceptingApplications lol...bums need not apply.
Thanks for the post and the article link. Just what I needed for something I'm working on.
Do you ever have days where it is free to visit?
I know this is a big one, but all i want for Xmas is a Bears win over the Packers!!
Reminder! The library closes at 6 pm today & reopens Sat. 11-6. Regular hours resume Sunday at 11 a.m. Have a great break!
If the braves do big things in the playoffs i believe he will come back
Yeah, I got section 204, Row 3. Right Field Bleachers. I'll take it.
My DL says I weigh 135 and for the first time in my life I weigh less.
thanks for the retweet!
There's always next year. organizer had a great time at the London Zine Symposium a few years!
ehh we will manage ;)
Thanks, guys!
lmao no man. I just fogot to get windex this morning.
guy loves excel
Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I tweeted to much......I still do :)
I gave her hundreds of dollars every week, always said I was a "good provider"..but she never saved it..harsh reality when I was gone..
2 days isn't enough at this point LoL. NOT ENOUGH AT ALL!!!!!! We're basically going to be a wasteland soon.
Lolololol. Are you going to midnight softball or w/e the hell it is tonight?!
Teacher:You're a half hour late to class Me: lol
oh you know, that boy!
#iwouldtrademy 7s cardinals or bordeuxs for some aqua 8s... Just really want the 8s right now.. :)
are all these tweets to me boosting my klout score?
Planning a trip to CSTA Conference Alfred? John Wayne Airport (SNA / KSNA).
Back at work today! I missed you crazy kids!
#freaksandgeeks all night.
finally got a break from work-___-
You look beauti....fat
Definitely. “: Secretly, I hope Marc Myers' blog wins the JJA Jazz Award for outstanding jazz blog come June.”
that's the thing that kills me! He does eat what he wants and still has 'em... I sniff them and Ka-Boom Thunder thighs ;)
3rd time through spoon's "transference." low key, stripped down, and a large improvement over ga ga ga ga ga (especially w/ the album title)
You are both creative and lovely and inspirational.
We miss you, but hope you are having fun!
I love Starlite! Have fun!
When I move I will have absolutely no excuse to not go to the Y since it's within walking distance. We will see how that turns out 
hi new york
My prayers go to Haiti and Indonesia. I cant even imagine whats its like.
Nice. Then there's nothing to be ashamed of.
How can a who is who of the world hold annual meetings and it not receive a drop of ink in reporting? Decade after Decade? FREEPRESSWOW
Live music tonight at 6. Kick off tour Shaky Hand Band.
Haha okay good!! :) Don't go too crazy on me though Haha gotta make it look good
well during webcast I tweeted about 128 times in 2 hrs. I was tweeting as fast as hands could type ;)
Played through the pain.
MPT Cole engages in very interesting discussion over the broader impact of bundling limits
no more taking my credit cards on runs... especially when I run past stores... eek
Welcome to tech week. :|
I knew this #CUSE team was going to be good. Idk if I thought they would win 30 in the reg season n 17 in
Good news, shows even better now! RT We just added our boys Like Moths To Flames () to the #NeverBackDown CD release show!!
The lighting on virgin planes is so...sex. I love it. Black lights make me happy.
Aren't i such a hypocrite? Sorry.
Rage to travel to Racine on Friday night to try and get their 6th win against the 2-5 Racine Gladiators
kush and goose combination harmful g....
One year ago: The Vatican told bishops around the world it was important to cooperate with police in reporting priests who'd raped and
I have been ripping and running since LAST Monday. Hardly any good rest and now it has caught up to me!
Midnight alleys roam
Tweet tweet. Just checkin in! =D
Vegas, Baby! Maestro heads to #astdTK12 tomorrow! See you there in booth
sux!!! Customer for years. 4 the second time waited for an hour and a half for an order that never came switching to
Taylor Swift's 'The Story Of Us' Video To Debut Tuesday On MTV
Any rooftop garden eta?
that's very interesting! What are the pro and cons so far of google+. I'm not on it yet...
RT : "A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water" - Eleanor Roosevelt
You just wish you were trending!
what?! Uh oh
I need someone to come on for a year, unfortunately. I hate roommate search, don't want to do it again come September.
Hey Kristina, thank you for the S/O! Look at you (avatar pic), beautiful! xo
I think the best time to make a man cum or nut on himself is when he mad at.you or something else
Nutty Irishman in Farmingdale TN selling tees and giving some away. It's never too late for some Black Friday Shopping, even at a bar!
a little back and forth with his old friends - Giants fans in center field - after making a highlight catch
why won't you notice me yet????
I guess you are acclimated to the games of your employer. So what's your complaint?
I hate getting crumbs in my cleavage
yepp ❤ she's beautiful !
Manny (NU food service worker) on cooking - I like to "dance with the dishes I am making"
Finally got my hair re-buzzed.... thanks ! =)
At least it's supposed to be a little cooler tomorrow than the triple digits we've had the past few day's
much needed!
& thanks for the RT about Ella Fitzgerald's birthday, we think her birthday is a "Tweetable" event
the river was not kind last night.
Thanks for supporting the swag though. (;
So excited about this spring weather!
It's Opening Day! We are serving up $2 cans of Louie's Demise and Damsel as well as $2 Hot Dogs! Come in to eat and watch the game!!!
Why you so mean?
There are so many drivers...so many people. Is it really necessary?
Love your IG feed and the snapspeed promotion opportunity. Any codes left?
The self is not something that one finds it is something that one creates.
phew! gonna be OUTTA TOWN for sf pride this year! i'll be tabling for the bookstore & hanging tuff @ the l.a. anarchist bookfair jun. 25!
now that happy hour is over, I'm pretty amped up for 'mildly depressed hour'
Today we call it responsive web design, tomorrow we'll call it web design.
I hope you're right, bro. told me the Nuggets were going to win Game 4. Tell me your "gut" is more accurate!
Tomorrow the last day pf testing....
we r failures at trying to make this work lmfao #iluvyuh!
lol! I found this news story too and thought it relevant. Maybe we should study intentional vs. Unintentional humor next?
Lol...date? Time?
called out again.
I love my weave n I'm happy god blessed me with cosmetology skills so I can save money, take care of my hair, n show my skills.
Where the fuck is my bookbag??
Good to have Maria Tildon of , Shirley Bigley of , and back at for day 2 of SP.
: Parents and educators you can help students by giving them a study aid to listen to!
Sweet! (On both gig and 1st ed!) And book editing is like the mob: every time I think I'm done, it keeps pulling me back in.
speakin to my old friend malcolm on the phone shout out to malcolm radcliffe
Required listening: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED by Evelyn Waugh. Find the radio drama on YouTube. All mentions of Aloysius are to die for.
WE R THE SUGARFAMILY
It will seem like 321 days.
's visual touch-based sign in system is just lovely and the video of a 4 year old using it on an iPad was a nice touch
Trying to get back into the swing of things after the passing of my step dad last week, taking it one day at a time, missing him dearly...
and need to come party in vegas this sunner. :)
OMG STOP IT <33333 coño loco tu ta como eh ;) i'd tap that!!!!!
don't talk to me
Xbox 360 developers: a build of Quake Arena Arcade is available for download on Partnernet! Send bugs or feedback to
rawr. Where were you??
Forest highlights: SCI, Conspirator, Big G, Derek Vincent Smith w/Break Science, Railroad, Kyle Hollingsworth Band, TND
Trying the Spicy Original Fish Taco [Client] Aw, yeah.
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com we will have all the games on tonight live online just register and enjoy thanks!!!!
I agree I would love to work on (hint hint) but if I do, I have to stop eating Messican food! U have to be ripped!
Beastie Boys is trending in ONE place in the whole U.S. ...Minneapolis
Take all the time to relax, have fun, spend time with friends and family and finally have that beer you've been missing. :)
I'm pretty sure this full moon has got me pullin up all these old songs from the crypt..maybe I'll stop..maybe I won't,...I dunno :D
Does Kobe wanna see OKC now or later lets see
you da one
Paralax in the Green Lantern movie looks like a giant shit monster......
haha you a fool!
Follow me please? :)
I love when the Lord clearly answers a prayer I specifically prayed months ago. He never forgets.
Noone found out who did the doodoo in the pool but totally thought it was .its in a bag in the frige
The average adult falls asleep seven minutes after turning out the light
If she puts her hand on your leg...
Welcome to Twitter, where we try to be witty in 140 characters or less. Looking forward to your "garden variety" insights & puns.
INSIDE OF YOU OHH INSIDE OF YOU HAHA
is there such a thing as over connected?
sure will ! Haha
elmo and spongebob have to be the longest airing kid shows ever.
so how you been dawg?
Thank youu! Happy hour again this weekend?
They're competing in the World Choir Games--from prison. Story next news at 11pm. Thanks producer for the extra time!!
ah shoot mee. END IT NOW lets just get out and go
"..they gon' love me for my ambition."
Heading back to Arizona for the weekend. See everyone tonight!
Congrats, Dan! I am excited 4 U! : Thanks for watching #WEB THERAPY this week on OUR HIGHEST ratings since premiere !
I'm out to lunch right now
At least I feel better..
No gifts at all, Damn this sucks. #shoutout to everyone who didnt get gifts this christmas!!
Chris Farr was my saxophone teacher back in high school. :)
Start ASAP. We have a Temp-Hire position with a Chiropratic office in the NE area. Exper with medical front office pref, call us 881-3449!
yes they are I want them all
Nothing worse than being bait just grin and say somrthing like have a nice day or talk to you later don't fall prey to it
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN : 5 days :)
Yes, the rumors are true. Fuse and Obar will be the happiest couple in Dallas! No more dating across the street. Obar is moving in!
lol i LOVE the fact that you knew she was referring to Dave Chappelle!!!!
Good day! Excited about partying with tomorrow. It's gonna be a #Bleu day.
OUCH! sad, but can be very true.
thank you! xoxo!
r u guys coming to Reno events center with BTR and Cody Simpson? Just wondering cuz all my francs say u r!
Yayy!! Broken finger
lol, so you just don't like her version of the song? Yeah, I'm good at doing those things. :)
my dog looks just like the dog in the Bud Light commercial
#SometimesIWonder if I'm a good girlfriend.
My confusion often leads to good discussion. :)
I read the first 2 issues of the new Justice League series. I have to say I liked it. It is exciting to be reading about the new DC.
I'm great, love your blog
For the record, taking to a casino, with all the flashing lights and shiny buttons, may qualify as WORST DECISION OF ALL TIME!
I KNOW WHAT DAY IT IS, YOU LOT.
RT : We're pleased to announce Knupp & Watson has changed its name to Knupp & Watson & Wallman (KW2)! Check out www.kw2ideas.com
omgawd not even lying im in LOVVVVVEEEEE with jae park PLZ MARRY ME c;
I'm Hungry..
Following back “ NF Follow Back”
All day happy hour + March Madness = Perfect Sunday!
I think my favorite part was the wedding dress fitting scene.
I just want to do as much for her as she do for me..
In other words, yes. :)
worst home team I've ever seen. They deserve every boo they get.
Thank you to everyone who attending the event tonight. What a great time!
second place was Sasha
where are u
Shooting 3D on Scarlets this week!
If my dogs weren't so cute, I'd totally kill them for being little shit eating monsters.
Caught three fish already (:
Joined my first #genYchat tonight! Great to just sit back and see what is important to #GenY...all in public policy roles should do same...
I am seeing it with my book club on Wednesday!
It's less about being 'smart enough' & more about being able to see/move beyond the existing paradigm...
A worthy endeavor. RT : I think I need to watch Friday Night Lights again.
lol I'm so silly anit I
Loving life.
thanks! I'm actually discussing journalism with and on the level 107 lounge
In the jungle.
so excited for new breathe carolina music (:
I'm still drunk. :)
Announce the stupid lockout already and then shut up. It's O's season!
follow me please22
: Firestone's predictions re: tyranny of the biological family being broken have come about; we have failed to notice
I'm thinking Verizon - I'm AT&T on iPhone - but Verizon seems to have better 4G national coverage - Whatcha think?
hey i had one today too!! except it was only like 30 min
A good name is sooner lost than won. よい評判を得るのは難しいが失うのは早い。
I think I gained 2 pounds from the 600 cookies I ate yesterday. Pure evil. One of my heavens is made of sugar.
are we still bringing gloves to study hall?
while im walking around the concert venue, i'll make sure you can watch it :)
First College Game Day of the season...it's Christmas morning for football!
Joey diamond <3
Greek Gourmet in Squirrel Hill makes the most gigantic falafel balls.
Awe:) no problem!! xoxo
where ur game
What a beautiful day to be at the Pavilion buying new fresh fruits and vegetables, farm fresh eggs, local beef, lamb, poultry & pork.
Women: Ask your CPA about.... Giving 'appreciated' stock or fund shares to your church/charity instead of cash.
I'm blessed
come over here now!
Do You Like Sports Quotes? Follow -
You have your vices and I have mines
you are amazing! Such a big fan!!! ^_^ <3
Affirmative... How'd u finally get it??
Doing a lot of reading about social marketing for the past couple days. It's a subject I didn't know much about.
Thanks for the follow! I'm sending you a 10% off coupon code for our Etsy shop via DM!
after practice it may be like 54 or 53. Just bury me in satin.
It's Monday again, isn't it? But, on the Brightside: I've only got four days of work this week. :D
Is feeling bangs. Cum dew my hur
chocolates we ate the whole box in one sitting!! So Delish!!!!
16 school days I think. We get out the 5th )):
Who wants my 6200th tweet.! Mention me or retweet this.! :)
Karaoke is BACK ON This Thursday, the private party was moved to next week!
MENS & LADIES STUSSY , ROGUE STATAUS, FULLY LACED , CHUBBY BOOB, AND SOON MAD NU PLAY CLOTHS .. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ..................
Power is back! It was novel walking around at night with a lantern but I missed my Skyrim
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm."
lol! This ain't about u Maurice!!!
have you met your sister? she is not what most people call "normal"
i remember presley had one 2nd game of the year against the phils
Thanks for the inclusion! Keep up the great work everyone.
hey man, where can I checkout some designs?
not distasteful at all, only thing i can think of is of the body just wearing out at an old age?
Free fries? You can't beat that can you?
lol. First road trip will be to orlando
Tried to watch Moneyball last night. The weekend caught up with me and I was definitely asleep by 8. BTW, new bed? A-may-zing.
Looks like 's brilliant strategy of combing porn stars and terrell suggs has
I need a nap!
Havent ben on in forever!
The beauty of us is us when we are us.
Sometimes life is such an adventure :)
It is really nice today! :D
#MUCat B. Tillett talks about "transforming our bibliographic framework"
Everybody I touch is spoiled rotten.
Remind me to never have kids annoying ass kids
- Yes it does! Send and redeem drinks with friends and you will multiply your chances of winning!
His letter to me had me cheesin<3<3
Could Poison Ivy control the Black Mercy?
very nice. The race is alive!
I think this is very good news for IPS. He's done a great deal of good.
YOU GUYS WERE SO AMAZING! YOU JUST KEEP KILLING IT
Trying to win tickets to see in concert tonight in sa!! .....but not having much luck
So...the guy who damn near chased me down Market tryna give me his CD yelling "M'am excuse me miss can I have 30 seconds of your time?!"
That's what I told him! Sucks to suck in the book of Chandler Vicary Talley
not debating that,Chandler got his lifetime achievement award.
5 hours on the penny auction for an iPad 2... The owners of the auction have made more than
AAMI doc is on WQED right now. Check out what some of the #IntervalMonday guys do at their day jobs!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dumb & Dumber and go ahead and throw in any horror movie title you want there.
Im shocked to see Coco Crisp re-sign with the A's. I thought he was gone for sure. I didn't think he wanted to be part of the rebuild.
No sleep in 24 hours? Sweet. 😳😲
Ok, I'm convinced I'm the only person who likes Gnome 3.
oh lol , just hit one of the #juicy girls up on twitter & we'll go from there :)
cool jam
Does it upset me to see #earlsweatshirt shirts on rich kids in #beverlyhills? Yes. And I'm not sure why.
we don't congratulate anything that happens in Cleveland! cmon man...
really? Did u check his undies to see if his name was on those too?
If ever denied a photo with me, I'd probably cry xD Bahahah. No joke.
Instead stay home and curl up with a dark and moody book.
The Armenian genocide should be recognized. Hiding it to avoid offending the allies against the Iraqui war is no excuse.
Pitching about to start #swbay - good luck to all!
“: dont feed the ego lol!!!!!!”. Ha Ha there is no stopping her now
You too!
The kingdom of God is at hand, so this is finger food.
tastes like stale bud light
Group text apps
damn right it is we could Probably get away with canceling our tv lmao 😂😂😂😂😂
I don't believe it. He would have to care to do it. RT I missed it!! WHAT??? RT : DA just LOST IT on a reporter!!!
's job because who doesnt like sampling delicious cupcakes? :) and working with sprinkles? :D yum #presid ...
Yea Ms Jones bout to lay it dwn had a busy day,Lol u wide awake
Oh well that's cool. :]
Tell Melvin thanks for the bait and switch with McCarthy and Parker. Brad Pitt wouldn't pull such a move!
My heat need to step it up
If I was to get famous I would still be a hardcore hooligan!!! #HooliganForlifey :D
A special thanks to wonderful Kate Crilley Fauvell of RISE Inc. Fan Page for coming in and making things effortlessly more beautiful!
Yaaaaay! Leaving your comfort zone is hard but rewarding! Do it kim!
#howimgrand always putting the triangle face instead of a smiley face :>
who do you root for when duke plays state?
good news! I never crashed and burned of tiredness today!
bring back the rain :-D
#BieberFact When Justin followed Zayn, Niall sang "that should be me", when Justin followed Niall, he screamed NEVER SAY NEVER .
#TacoNight! How do you build your tacos at Chilorio's?
Tf' who says they gonna punch their 3 year old n the mouth smh. #precious'smomlookingass
what you up to this evening?
It was a very good weekend with my kid
Just read about #EEOC in the news and knew what it was thanks to 's women's history class!
Tomorrow night Club 212!!!! Dj Smoke n DJ Qball
Cloudy and cool today. Great day to get out of the house and buy a new bike!
The students at our school thank you :)
say hit me up
that's cool! (: do you perform anywhere ? (:
Oh, yes, that one time..
i swear to gawd, if this guy doesn't grow some nuts and tell me hi, then im just going to ask "what are you staring at"...
Hey :D
what? i saw you through a window for like 1 second and now i find out there are hot tubs that i'm missing out on?
I really just want some cheez its
I want 69 followers and then I'll be happy
In my opinion School is a little good because I'm bored sometimes I don't hear the explanation of the teacher.I would be dreaming of somthin
we're honored to have you following us! Thank you!
This station just doesn't stop. 🎶👌
lol atta boy always in stock
GET OUT OF MY HEAD, AMD FALL INTO MY ARMS INSTEAD. BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBIDY ELSE.
LOL! I like your positive attitude about it. Knowing me, I'd find them 5 yrs later.
That's happy news! You should go camping with us at St. Augustine, Florida during Spring break too
"Peyton Manning doesn't already play for Denver" - EC "No" -Me "What's the difference?" - EC Mine and 's recent convo.
News channels 4 and 6 have been here today... what about you, Ch 10? Great photo ops for opening day! Watch for us on tv!
yes I love my dog alot how have you been???
Teen wolf was awsome we talked about it in a tw group btw the next teen wolf looks interesting ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Head down to Robbie Fox's - off 6th Street and Mill.
download the texting app for iPods! It's pretty much like a phone
i'm in your neighborhood. Can i drop by? Address?
Haha right you are :)
Yes! A slanket FTW! Thank you my dear!
way to go!
sure sign that you're a tourist
Erica just claimed she actually liked Gabi, but was the main one that was like yea lets jump them bitches." When the whole house jumped them
I swear I always fall for your type.
and i am laughing out loud, even while I plot your demise.
Man i hate last minute stuff. Smh
Come to the corporate communication networking event from 4 to 5pm tonight in JH 103!
I was gon make u rich as we went to the top
We will be at #EarthDaySF today!
that's probably the best option.
please just marry me already. its bound to happen sooner or later.
Person of Big Interest
I know! So happy that the NYC vegan restaurant scene is thriving! I am happily confused!
I know it sucks so bad I feel lost without it lol
This is the kind of shit that makes me not wanna be here anymore.
Ugh, huge double house fire in Ballard/Fremont. My prayers to the families.
i wanted too tell you i miss you , havent talked too you in a minute .
you tell me yo...dont worry we will record soon just text me
Thats so cool, fantasy baseball is back…The only good thing about the
The most terrifying thing a woman can say to me is "notice anything different?"
what about songwriters
Terrence Moses share his rap "Weight on my shoulders" - He is an inspiration for everyone.
logically it makes sense but if I went off logic I would be a Yankees steelers &heat fan, being a fan is heart
Agreed except the Browns were 4-12. RT At this point this town will latch on to any team that is winning.
A company's voice online can't be outsourced and remain authentic.
Sheesh! What were y'all drinking?
at Merch table? I don't even know who covered the table in my absence. I hope they were extra helpful and kind!
“ Trust no dude around your girl & no girl around your dude.”
Here we go! is up for the keynote. Excited to be here.
WTF!! Man da breaker switch box just went out in my house and da temperature is dropping quick!!
Next year I'm taking to Maybe I can visit and when I'm in L.A.!
1836- #Wisconsin Territory established.
we were at holy cross since sunday early afternoon nd lastnight we were transferred to advocate hope childrens hospital
Messi! Goal! I feel a hattrick coming up.
Watching fire trucks converge on the Monroe Building downtown and the occupants streaming out into the rain. Hope all is ok.
Another legend passed away. Chuck Brown. Damn.
Lmfao. Yo school is out of control.
Remember, remember the Fifth of November, The Gunpowder Treason & Plot, I know of no reason Why the Gunpowder Treason Should ever be forgot.
"Be less of a judge and you will be surprised that when you become a witness and you don't judge yourself, you stop judging others too. —
From Dr. Mardy's interview on NPR re: his book on NEVERisms: "Never judge a book by its movie". Sign up for his free newsletter: drmardy.com
There's A Theme Song For.Everything That Goes on in Life..
Teacher Convention = Cardigans. So many cardigans.
A day without peanut butter is like an hour without a breath. -Confucius
Making two ppl happy in a home takes compromise - perhaps doing different rooms for each person's taste.
how are u ? Oh and happy new year !!
A Happy Easter to all!
without asking:) MUAHAHAH.
"Dear girls who think that flashing your boobs at the boys will make them straight, it wont. So stop trying."
Bryan is a huge fan of the informal hand raise poll
Coolin in the cut tryna make a million bucks
Whn ur by yourself people think its okay to invade ur space
Caught the gay Easter boy craze for my niece...
More like good night now lol :P
please follow me?(: 2
Ok I watched covers of the songs that I've written on YouTube tonight and was so moved. I seriously almost cried. Feeling so blessed now.
but i guess on tge bright side is coming to philly for Q102 springleball:)
Star trek : the whale one, was very good in Coolidge corner - the 35mm film reel made it seem like it was shot via instagram
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it
Attention grabbing trope which doesn't challenge the readers' preconceptions. Plus, who doesn't love a good boogeyman story?
haha such a necessary reminder.
You want your game card back tomorrow, right?
wakey wakey eggs & bakey,,,, It`s too early to cook for people : (
66 Days until St. Patrick's Day March 17, 2012
We fulfill requests ranging from the everyday to the extraordinary. What's your request for today?
you have a problem,change your password
Laundry is crazy! I leave it alone for a week & it turns into Jabba the Hut.
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems; but then, think again, neither does milk.
non-alcoholic: bai mu dan white tea alcoholic: bourbon
Having a pool at your house during this type of weather means everyone at your house.!! Lol
This is funny! Hey, guys. What's the score of the g...aw shit...”
#aprilfools it's been you all along
record of the year coming up now!!! presented by
haha yes I figured that. I'm wondering about a D1 men's team.
Twitter deal! $5 off any adult skirt or bag at Sardine clothing till 5! Booth 46
dory..gets me every single time.
Twitter now nixs new 'gif' files. Had I known I would not have removed my delightful Tourist animation for a2 day valentine :(
Woo-hoo! The library is going to order the (super $$$) reference book I requested!
Summer of love 2011! And Just Desserts will make even sweeter. Enjoy!
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I cherish moments, people, a good workout and the first 5 minutes after my alarm goes off
3mlt add ;D
Having to close your eyes so your volumous lashes don't hit the dentist's hand...
i celebrate that holiday every year, this year however, i dont have a bike...or a working foot
The sub bus driver just about hit my dads truck that was parked OUTSIDE MY HOUSE GARAGE. I about hit him.
If you were stranded on a deserted island with one book, what would you want that book to be?
I recognize it. A time machine. Don't get too close :)
It's finally raining!
You are never unwanted to me<3
I love Paula Deen, keep on keeping on!
lol just do the shuffle dance.. Do the shuffle dance!! Lol
Thanks man! 32 feels fine!
Amazing food, music, dancing...the girls are having a ball! I'm in heaven... (@ Holy Trinity Church Greek Festival w/ 14 others)
I refuse to blend in.
Sophie Tucker~ Ive been rich and Ive been poor. Rich is better.
Lol you mean not *all* internships are in Washington, DC?
Hoshitoshi is beating us, this ain't right!
I was caught up in his lust
Aint nobody even talkin to you.
14,000 seats occupied by Obama supporters out of 18,300 seats is 75%. No wonder Republicans don't pay proper taxes. They stink at math.
Come check out our new brunch cocktails: The Flipped Monk, The Radler,& The Long Island Squeeze!
Q: Why are gorillas so noisy?A: They were raised in a zoo!
Meanwhile, the background audio on this feed is awful. Paparazzi are evil. And vulgar. And mean!
I totally love chocolate too:)!oh yes and handbaggs!
Friday is here! Thank God I am too!! Happy Friday!! Enjoy!! :)
man I'm not about to sit up here and feel sorry. its whatever.
just witnessed the best parade on this earth!Bruin Parade! BOSTON IS GOING NUTS! :D OW OW!
hahahaha yep that's us
Happy beautiful Saturday #Indy!
Keep tweeting Roger. Needs to be heard.
looking at your suitcase and expecting it to pack itself
RT : Sporting faithful, buying my first #SKC jersey today, should it be Sapong or Kamara? << No doubt...Kai Kamara
Love that flick. Hey, if you come back to NAMA next year (or KC) you gotta say hi.
Tammy Romo & the Cowgirls don't have a chance.
Just in time for Valentine's Day! From 2 pm to 6 pm wine tasting features Baja wines w/ Caxao gourmet chocolates! Price is only $15.
Another day of judgment free workout at
8.2 miles in brilliant sunshine! Hello spring.
Oh life, how crazy you are.
ok :D
You will see that things can go back to how we felt when we first started. :)
Stay grounded. There are already enough air heads who are full of it.
outside art institute, leaving at 1ish hope you can make it :)
Reddit: Get as many users as possible with no rules.
In class right now. So ready to leave.
They trying to break ya boy down:-( I put it on evrythang Imma go #Harder... #2TearsInABucketFuckIt, never quit or ever given up
i believe you
thanks for the lens baby link. Looks like a nice upgrade.
Duke lost yesterday but it's all good..we will win many mire games in March
Munjoy hill right meow
30 min until the DOLPHINS and Owls tip off here in Swisher!!! Coach Warren and the FINS need YOU TONIGHT!!!
Later today #amber and #blonde #highlights with peekaboo's of #tangerinedream all with!
here I'm talking about. If you can see!
I'll have to settle for 401 then, GJ :) Thanks for the support.
FOLLOW NOWW !!! SHE FOLLOWS BACK :)
Happy birthday !!! I love you sister :)) <33
If Denver gets Manning, do they make a play for Randy Moss? It would give Peyton a legit WR
Pretty content right now studying to Dave Mathews
Are hair gels damaging to natural hair, even if it has mostly natural ingredients?
I know, right? I'm enjoying it.
Any suggestions how to increase social media followers and participation for a gov org with scitech focus?
hahahahah what do you have to draw???
I am so jealous! My dad tomorrow will be spent finishing up Theatre and translating an insane amount of German. :(
Church tonight was awesome. Thank you Lord for everything <3
wish I could join y'all lol
Sorry to hear that. :(
Wowzers check out
Good! I thought the race was over after that fire broke out, but apparently it wasn't. I'm glad Kurt didn't win.
They matchup well with you guys lol and they play more physical then The Heat. The Knicks didn't play physical at all
Imagine the bandwidth god would need to symlink a universal /dev/null!!
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships101 Sex without love is just sex..Sex teamed up with love is a valuable gift given to one another.
Wow its amazing how your whole day can go to shit in 3 minutes
If I was really #recovering, I wouldn't be doing that again . . . I should be further along than I am. -Melody Beattie on Perfection
Why is it that washing make-up brushes is so...refreshing to me?
because it's lame ;)
Sorry, I've been MIA for a bit! Blazers fans feel like if Rudy doesn't want to be here, then good riddance!
longest day of work ever at #vineyardvines.. time for the extra hour of sleep! hooray for gaining a hour!!
2day when I go home I'm gonna take a grown ass woman nap! 💤💤💤#can't wait!
interesting thanks for the mention
Day 1 of my new membership havent seen any action, still waitin for to pick me up at the marta station
Ugh... Just not comfortable in my own skin right now. Should be a crappy sleep. :(
Such an amazing show today at The rock Church, We were clubbin' and partying with Jesus today and it was the best party ever. : )
that is playoff suicide.
Beautiful night in the City of Angels. Lots of people staying in,avoiding Presidential traffic tie ups. Mr Obama spending nite in Bev Hills
Darn tootin'! RT : Holy shnikes it is gorgeous out!!!
RT #Aquarians are calm and gentle but if they're provoked, they may act like a person you've never met
Events are only viewable on mobile browsers...for now. we'll look into the chat counter. appreciate the feedback!
Sunday or monday
Jay Feeley - 35 points yesterday. Can't ever remember a kicker with that many points - Crazy
TY for the follow! You may learn new & interesting things- or at the very least be amused:)
Ha! Of course.
nigguhs is bored doe!
uhh duh 👊👊👊 pow pow ✋👋✋ bye bitch <3 no one messes with my #girl .
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon how amazing Eminem was, or IS if he's still big by then.
Wii Fitness beckons but...
Good site. Sorely needed.
Insanity will be the death of me!!!!
if that doesn't make u look lik a hoe that and ur status then I don't know what he fuck will
Lovely webinar to find out about museum studies program at Johns Hopkins. It may be what I'm looking for.
yeah I am to bro. Thats good u at least close to family
FAT is in the lead lol
Busting out the drill to hang 's board. Everyone likes a girl that can use tools, right?
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact. - William James
found you lol
I wear out of uniform shirts to school just because I feel like gettin on carmicheals nerves.
I'm riveted by MOCA's "Art in the Streets" catalog: graffiti subcultures; LA's heavens; Mr Cartoon's life & ice cream truck
BEAT from the awesome No world, White Orange, Ancient Warlocks show last night. Getting some help this morning from and coffee!
meant to come back with niners. Got side tracked
Steven Wilson @ the Fillmore. 1st bald man with long, braided goatee spotted.
Happy Monday & thx 4 the follow!
Too much patron last night no drinking for me need a day of rest
You should really run for president
lol folks be tryna test me. How are you my sax boo ?
good morning xoxo
lol! U Can't be picky!
EB there was no need for that! That ball was all yours!
I feel that pass it my way lol! RT : About to roll me up a nice fat blunt.
Can't sleep...
I MISS the hell outta U
that's a bit disingenuous, just offer to let the next company write it's own law too. Wouldn't want the legislature to do it.
Me too! Someone should franchise them out here.
Can't wait to hear it!
: I had to convince her. She wanted to go change clothes just to take it tho...😂
I did something even better. I went to sleep
feels like I am back in Buffalo in the 70's OJ said that...
Seth, our IT guy, just reinvented himself. No, really.
im guessing you guys arent enjoying the play, haha.
RT : less skills that helped me maneuver as a sense of institutional structure: status shift, however, was a shock.
Who is the teacher for your soc probs class?
I kind of can't help loving Kim Kardashian. Even if she has a tiny bit of a liberal name. But she's so rich I can't help LOVING her! lol
New iPhone/iPad app lets you put Naoshi's wonderful sand art in the palm of your hand!
Ok wats up
Ho him testing of my new phone.
Stretch, stretch, and stretch some more. Before and after. And new shoes, maybe...? Shin splints SUCK.
Interviews for NYC #internabroad #studyabroad continue in London this week. New website on track for March 2012. Happy Monday!
Yo, you gotta learn how to sleep at the dentist's office. I get a nap in every time, just ask them to put that chair back.
Any tips on a pinched nerve? Still lacking feeling in my arm over here...
Happy Friday! Hope everyone enjoys the beautiful fall weather this weekend!
U making fun of my mama cook?!
First Hightower, now Cha Cha, who will be the 3rd star to go?????
Good band! Good Food! Get over here!
#sacscoc The "naggivator" is a good tool for online student success. Giving reminders to get things done can have a direct impact.
In Blackjack, you would usually bust on a 12. I'll take a face card every time. So, test your luck :)
Never ask for the kiss. Take the kiss and own the kiss.
BIG win for the
The first day of school was awful -_- way to make the school terrible dr.guinie!!
IN THE STUDIO FOR A SESSION WITH
LOL I know! But no I live in Orlando now :)
and I'm flagging you in general (any aspect of life) siting reason: "I hate her."
FREE kindle book to say thx for #7 rank Amazon Histl Fiction! Message us your request #books #reading #kindle #nola #coffee amzn.to/jgxk38
In our house it really should be called a cooking detector
HAHAHA! Thanks! I didn't know I was in a new video. When is it in theatres or is it straight-to-DVD?
Love it.
Happy Easter to my 6 followers
The Cleveland Cavaliers lost their 24th straight game -- a 111-105 defeat to the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday night -- a new record!!!
Ponder this: Does a one legged duck swim in the woods...scratch that...does a bear shit in a circle?
hahahahaha that kid runnin into me from behind
Bread & Butter… and Sprite
Poor Simona, those Lotus engines do not stand any distances at all.
having a fully charged phone is such a phenomenal feeling
Thanks man! Glad you dig the vibe. If you ever need a story... ha ha. Thanks for checking out the band, we have fun!
I'm from where your hustle determins your salary.
Great hike today with Reading up on the paleo diet tonight. Need to be more informed
Be sure to order the special bao.
Eddie and Troy Lee could of done better... just my opinion
Haha! Good try, server! Now back to your cage!
In Atlanta, next stop: Miami!
“: Is it too soon to ask out Mike Wallace's wife?” So wrong, yet So funny!
Pageant got some talented young ladies
#hungergames series complete...what now?
Now you dont wanna fall but we're tripping in our hearts, and its reckless and clumsy..
Chatted with Mom, had a good workout, cleaned out clothes, cooking, call, time later.
things I already know about myself.
Thanks for the shout out! The Paris concert was spectacular!
thanks for following back! haha. :) have you heard the End Of The World by BYE on the radio?
Facebook: "Sometimes we have to make an exception for France." Hilarious.
And today, after a 1 year unintended hiatus, I start writing again.
It's like I'm 7 again and the Easter Bunny is comingin the am. Happy #walkergate!
Check this song I have with VenniTheVenomous! I wrote the track and rap the intro and sing the hook.
Who saw the #hungergames this weekend? What did you think?
Poor timing, KPMG...
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. -
Britney Is Born This Way
We are getting rolling at #edcampDetroit!
Memo to LaMarcus Aldridge: Matt Bonner is guarding you. Do something.
Understandable. You have friends at surrounding high schools that you could help spread the word to?
Wow dylan is so handsome and funny ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Hardest thing I've ever done: sit in a taxi in bad traffic and not eat this bag of Hill Country Chicken fixins.
RT : u said tomorrow is gonna be humid. does that mean dewpoints in the 60's?-------Near 60....temps near 70....rather humid. ~JR
.: Disruptive innovation: don't attack your targets head on, and don't play by their rules. Make new rules for new situation.
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
if the do ima force it back...they can close it just a little tho not all the way
Jeremy Lin....let's wait and see.
I hope I made her feel a little better :(
- Thanks for the follow!
I'm speaking politically. But my larger point is that the lessons Jesus taught are inherently liberal and not conservative
Stealing garden gnomes no big deal. Yoko
The entree ain't as good without somethin on the side
Thank Emancipation Day.
i wouldve been pist if it wasnt amazing -.- lol off course it was amazing/:
lax bros are hot.
day after another epic win at home by the Grizz. way to go boys.
Thanks to everyone that came out last night to our acoustic show at the Auxiliary Art Center in Chicago, in celebration of Brooke's bday!
Very cool.
Thanks Brother Man! PS happy belated birthday!
+1 RT : More awesome sponsors! (Vanguard Chicago Center for Orthopedics)
Welcome to our NTH family, William Beltz, Anita Saha, Mike Walker and Gene Arters! Welcome back, Melanie Linn!
I like food.
I've been off twitter for a while. I'm a little rusty.
sometime in March I believe
Friday's here and it's actually warming up! What are your plans for this weekend?
I hate how I have to adapt a fake "man" into my vocabulary in order to be welcomed in this city of San francisco.
Glad to see my vote mattered last night, CONGRATS you two, you have a lot of time left on the show!!
talking to the 6 most importants people in my life !
Youtube.com/JoeyDiamond14 ( )
Do you need a digital video editing project? I heard there's about 20 hrs of raw footage from a certain grad conference.
Have to finish tax paperwork and pack for See you in Hattiesburg.
Idk why but everytime I turn up the tv it has to be at a even number, it cant be 19 ihave to put it up to 20.
Happy Sunday ^_________^
In Brazil
“: #np Jay-Z Feat. B.I.C. – Glory”soo fucking good.
Just rocked the streets of Jersey w/ my two younger sisters to this fourth of July's official anthem: Jungleland. Big man you are missed!
Thursday nite cocktails in the lobby of the Marriott.. The Best
hahaha! I wish I was that exciting. I am just a nerd. Maybe after #rwa12 I will have something
waiting for ink to dry vs. waiting my #Mac to finish 'thinking' ... no comparison. I'll always prefer ink
T minus 30hrs until 4 alarm hotness & in SD! It's gonna be so smokin hot, I'm coming Back At Your Door to cool down
"wellbeing" or "well-being".... vote now!
if you tired get some sleep then cutey u don't have to stay up....
MERON NEEDS TO CALM DOWN !
RT : "Character is what emerges from all the little things you were 2 busy to do yesterday, but did anyway" via
Getting un-jagged. Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia. Blog forthcoming.
sorry, we didn't fire up a hangout. We'll remember for next week!
Ugh. These calls. Our members. Their anger. Just depressing. And next week is not looking to be any better.
Ever since last night I've been thinking so much about what she said.
Procrastination did NOT pay off. i owe on my taxes. suck
#shoutout to all our followers! Thanks for keepin' up with us these past few months! Hope you're all enjoying the series so far!
I'm a wild girl
Careful Pat, there will be #bromance rumors circulating in Agile. Nicest compliment you almost gave
Dark skin check pretty teeth check loves his mom check college degree check I'M READY RT : Don't make me make u fall in LOVE
I don't know what to make of Steel Panther.
Thanks! It's with in Phoenix in their Creative Services Deptartment. I am so excited!
Hope you all had a great week!
Mystery bruises.. I keep either beating people up or having rough sex while I'm asleep. I'm cool with either one.
We just got knocked out of the tourney by a team called "I'm here for the gangbang". Lol. I'm not sure how to feel about that.
i want a rainstorm!
is your gut telling you something? For only $45/month- you should listen.
Wow #fringe... I don't even know how to process what just happened.
So enjoyed the #ABQ Trolley Co. Tour. Run by two guys who just love the city and want to share their enthusiasm!
does that mean you're not on your way here with a fruity cocktail for me? rats.
ALERT: RT : Crazy naked woman outside University Village at USC. Further proof UV is more Knockturn Alley than Hogsmeade.
Did you forget Kahlil Bell on your FFCPI? I know I know, for me to mention that, my RB must really suck.
is everything okayy?
Sometimes you just have to weet it out... everyone is Blodwyn sometimes. Weet!!!
A new novel--that's great! Good luck to you. :)
Ha! You are going ham bro!
Just leaving work, super ready to be home...
what???? When did Benihanas start doing this????
Greetings from the other world in Portland, Oregon! I see you are now following! When do you next PackABag&Go for a trip?
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik... I told you mothafuckas it was more than the music...
thanks. Jaclyn thanks
I was going to write you a poem today, then I said fuck it
Was up last night till midnight rewatching the ep!
hey pacman, whatts up? ME YOU BITCHES, IM HIGH ON CRACK. WANNA FREEBASE? no pacman, drugs are bad.
cute alert is right!
Just did! Cheers
Feels good when teacher says saynplay is the favorite game of the class! www.saynplay.com
A key conceptual shift: metadata vs. data, assets vs. digital surrogates. Look at the data and the metadata as two separate things.
I woke up in the best mood today. I love my 6am-9am shifts.
Overtones will be on Elon's radio station, WSOE 89.3, from 1-2PM the day of the show (11/19) so be sure to tune in.
Research and Markets: Australia - Digital Media - Music, MP3 and Podcasting
need ya email homie. Got a banger for you!!
Boy Meets World <3
Did ya hear that? Just clicked on my #marketing #seatbelt and turned on the #jazz. CLICK! let's go give good #TV!
but it is essentially the same thing you are complaining about now. Just saying.
NEW BALANCE!! GREEDY GENIUS!!! CLOTHES!!!! HATS!!!!! COME AND GET IT. SALE SALE SALE. DO NOT MISS THIS SALE!!!!!!!!!
Looking for a new work somewhere other than where I'm at.
Drinking Vino and making Chicken Parm
Re: transition: I think practitioners are capable -- recruiters and employers are reluctant. Too many options.
When you fall I'll be the only one who looks away.
S/O to #GrinDkinGz own & J Allen Photography, time to get it in... long weekend ahead!!
Work, work, work! Got to get this done!!!
oh it is buddy. Living the life.
is having auditions for Bruschetta: An Evening of Short Plays on Sunday, Aug 23 from 1-5PM. Email for a slot!
Bill Belichick is still sporting his Quasimodo hoodie. This is the superbowl, not "garage Saturday."
See...this is why Stanford drafted you.
4 Free Admission to the CHEATERS LIVE Fri MARCH 31st To random winner at 200 followers tell your friends to follow us!
Met a guy.. he was smart and funny...
you took my beats!!!
Taking a nap is a good way to refresh disrupted feelings.
Aye #FYHH on the come up. REAL HARD!!! go follow!!!
when he looked in my eyes <3 it was so cute ^.^ he is sexy and his eyes are gorgeous lol
would have liked to have more international examples, maybe more outlines of differences etc
We all make time for what we want. Nobody is TOO busy for something or some one unless they choose to be unless you are rich
THANKS FOR RT! As always, you guys are completely awesome. OR should I do it??? Pawsome...! (sry)
Good point!
If you'd give me the chance, I'd show you how it feels to be treated right.
text me when you're on campus and I'll try to at least drop by and say hi
Going to see Jack and Jill ;DD I <3 Adam Sandler this'll be good(:
Basketball game
#oomf is so FAKE for that foul shit she pulled ..!!!!
#NP Arnej - Dust In the Wind (Original Mix)
My ex
You're welcome. Thank you, you too!
is white people far better off than Blacks ???????
Athletic banquet -.-
OMG! Lol he's too darn cute! Haha his pics make me smile so much. Pebbles was looking over my shoulder at the pic as well ;P
We will be at the prudential center in downtown boston, ma for the big boston job fair. come out and bring your resumes
This lady was cleaning my balls, stopped, reached into her purse, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
I'm a reporter for NBC15 in Madison. I saw the story on ESPN and would like to interview you. Send me your contact info.
OH skinny guy to skinny guy: If you want to add a little weight, too, avocado is a good source of vegetable fat. Me: Fruit fat.
aww sad day
From Urth Caffe to The House House of Pies for some yummy pie!
Haha ": lol I bet you have!"
I Totally Forgot It Was St. Patricks Day Haha Me Dum Dum:P
Recorded a New Song "Miranda Song"!Had Teriyaki Bowl.went de la cruise.
Going to the beach tomorrow ^.^ and Sunday.
Thanks to , , , , , , and for sponsoring last night's happy hour!
#Brooklyn 11223 I understand backing your friend up but at the end of the day you have to back yourself up first!
Thanks! I'll make sure I am following I already follow !
#salute #Jamiezfam Yes Sir!!!! Love my FAM!!
no but I did. Haha!
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf34 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
great night with the best 👍 Laura & Peter 😄
I love how woman dress up in the summer!
I can't concentrate on anything, all I can think about are cheeseburgers.
Apologies, I wasn't able to get home to grab my laptop. So thrilled that you're teaching the class, though! Say hi for me!
Last thing i ever wanna do again is spend two hours like I just did at the doctor....
Ur welcome! That one is maroon and my dad polishes it with a special polish, it is literally his baby! :)
awh how did he apologize?
Merry Christmas to all!
Sunday at is pretty slow thus far. Our new backroom/check-in system seems to be making the check-in quite festive.
Those empty cans aren't for the car, they're the serving dishes! #tweetsfromahobowedding (Wait, did that actually happen?)
what app?!
my babe looking cute over
than you should go to China lol Go! Now!
#ff Clever folks who don't tweet a lot, but when they do..well, follow and find out
yes. Me too. I would love to go to Time Square and go shopping! (:
Have I?
Feel better! Wish I could send over some of the Pumpkin Chai GF Bundt Cake I just made!
Colorado Rockies expected @ Mayflower hotel in DC later this evening. Playing the Nationals this weekend
me three! “: Me too!!! RT : Real Housewives of Disney? I'd watch!”
on. We don't need you nor your negativty. Good Bye Marty West!!! :)
Go Big or Go Home #BGC Karmas a Bitch & Camillas got that handled LOL good luck BITCHES
hah the whole thing screams the sconnie identity, doesn't it?
I think if i am UofL I would rather see Florida. Rick would play Jedi mind tricks on Billy D. Toughness of Marquette would worry me more
My dad is the most punctual man I know. If his date is late 10 minutes, he'll ditch her.
I don't care what you think, zoey 101 is one of the best shows that ever hit television.
you aren't invite Rudy
whats your favorite part of being on victorious??
I won't know what to think until I hear the two of you talk this thing out. Will be a Pat?
Awh, I bet it's fun.
Drink every time they mention Brad Davis' left foot. I've already killed two beers since the broadcast began
ah, I love the smell of twitter in the morning.
Gambling Mack goes for it on 4th down on first drive ... and Ash sneaks it across.
Hate spring cleaning!
Use your United Way of the Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Sterling Physical Therapy & Associates, PSC. All...
I hope a change will come my way
yup! Don't tell anyone!
I doubt they will go for FSU or Clemson: a. TV money and b. UF and USC would block to avoid sharing recruits. Same with Ga Tech
whats good bro! Lets work!
#NBA is killing me w/ these 7pm tipoffs!!! “: OFFICIAL: #WhiteHot Game 2 of the 2nd Rd will be Tuesday at 7pm at the !”
kjdifoeawyfhosdnxjka i dont wanna go to school
stan gets - body and soul
Good Morning! It's Friday and the beginning of a wonderful holiday weekend! Have fun, be safe and relax. It's going to be another big week!
Loved hanging out with all you guys today!! !!!!
RT : Mark Lewis - re: Murdoch - Sometime you need to expose the very person who pays your wages.
Thanks dude. :)
Heads up: Sunday Slash at the #NMSkiSwap 11am -4pm // Excellent pre-election day reprieve.
Scattered rain showers through tonight. Some gusty wind and small (pea-size) hail is moving through right now.
you still can go?
Heat win next one and then Ind. in 6
"For protection against abuses by legislatures the people must resort to the polls, not to the courts." C.J. Waite
She had the best time! She loved the party in the kitchen with , , & you all! Thnx for all your help!
Hey everyone! I invented a new alarm clock! It's called Roaches Crawling On You While You Sleep. Perfect for those trying to rise early.
that sounds pretty intense. watching jersey shore, i'm completely lame.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Always be open to the possibility that you can become whomever you choose to be." ~Eleesha
There is nothing in the world like old friends
me too:)
I LOVE magnolia - one of my favorites too!
This virus is killing me. Been unable to work, tried removing it and none of my programs felt like running. Hopefully system restore works.
#formysweet16 I PRACTICED POPPIN TECHNIQUES W/ANIMATION IN ANTICIPATION OF BEASTING THE DANCE FLOOR..BUT THE NIGGAH HAD TUNNEL TITTY VISION
i got mine cut yesterday... very sad
coughin my lungs out
Good tweets are useful, informative and engaging, and even fun
We added your blog to ours www.crtasa.blogspot.com - hoping we can cross promote our services to a shared target audience.
Act like a human tomorrow... T'is the season give thanks for what we have instead of becoming a bitch to get things we don't
at Cathedral? Must be a really good sermon. Guess he didn't hear the band trying to cue him.
Look to the left, now look to the right. I just virtually slapped you.
That is so rude! I would never be so rude to anyone!
I am told that Seattle gets about 90 sunny days per year. We have had FOUR of them so far! Each more sparkly than the one before.
When in doubt, tweet
Sleigh Bells live on YouTube / Terminal 5!
We are going to see the nats play the red sox in boston on june 9th :)
Great seeing you both for a split second ! Hope you both had a fun night 😘
Reminder: Walker's criminal defense fund is for his actions as Milwaukee Co Exec. (His actions as guv are a separate problem.)
I'm no NCAA women's tournament afficianado, how does 7th seeded UWGB have to play at 10th seeded Iowa St?
hope the secret service doesn't get wind of this!
Busy busy busy week! Which is a good thing, of course!
Hi Amber!!! You're fantastic on #TPIR. Random question: What's your favorite sport to watch on TV, or at a arena or stadium?
So instagram is like twitter w pictures?
it's hot and steamy out there! haha
tell him i love him okay
Fresh cutt, just paids some bills.. Now im at the mall finna stunt!
No such thing as a free day! What kind of fun are yall having?...I may need to call HR
I think I get it. SLOs say what kids should know and be able to do at year end. SS/Sci need to have a vendor define that.
RT : Leaders, RT to enter to win: I want one of three giveaways for a 60 day streaming access to #CFALeadercast!
better pic *than this
while you were giving them out, I seem to have over looked the blue ones lol
Shields walking with the team
I just get in to a challenge ! And guess what "I love it "
I hate when you fall asleep and I dont get a goodnight text.
love the new website. Amazing pics of the fastest sport in the
Seeing and tonight in #VA it's going to be an epic show
Pas The Day – “God’s Word Judges Motives” The Word both cuts and heals. It does not heal until it first cuts away.
90% of the time I'd rather sleep then go out...and when I do go out I complain about being tired..oh well
"until one had loved an animal, a part of one's soul has remained unawakened" -Anatole France
In all seriousness, not saying you got to win titles (Stockton, Malone, Barkley didn't). But you got to get out of the 1st round.
welcome to Twitter bout time you old folks signed up
Last chance to join us at the Scottish Rite today! COME SEE US! :)
All we know is the struggle!!
im always ready to chat
“: this convo me and are having right now <<<<<< yuck!” it carried over to the bed i see.. ha
& : please do a post about novels w/ hand drawn maps. Lynda Barry's Cruddy, Sag Harbor, etc. kthxbye
Can't believe music industry has suffered loss of legend, Adam Yauch. Love this Coldplay "Fight For Your Right" tribute....
Today's lesson: one must always respect the run.
Never ending runny nose
FINALLY got to watch Woody Allen's "Midnight in Paris" this weekend -- so good I watched it twice
I used to run my own block like Obama did You ain't gotta believe me, go ask my momma then
her estate made millions in the weeks after she passed.
hAVe a BLesS sUNdaY!!!
Cliff Lee, well done sir, 10 shutout innings tonight
Austin hasn't been tweeting that much :'(
The X-Files: Songs in the Key of X :)
Thanks for the #FF, and I will be there, bright and early!
My cairn and I often wonder why people have dogs that aren't terriers..."God Loves a Terrier," indeed!
When the person you love don't feel ur love sumthin is seriously wrng
1. Mai: Deutsche Bank ATMs locked up, Berliner Volksbank ATMs open but not working. Trying not to interpret.
Have fun at the game! Go Blachawks! RT
Yeah, it's good! I fell asleep b4 it was over though; have to see if I can catch up online
I have made better choices.
Happy new years world!
Omg Kevin <3 you are hilarious. Laughing Out Loud!
Parents invited to meeting on substance abuse, online safety - The Westerly Sun
Gary and Amber? RT : Who breaks up and gets back together more than the Big 12? I mean, besides Ronnie and Sammie?
that's just dead wrong, but very opportunistic in a morbid way.
LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU!
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” ― Mother Teresa
For sure, those names are ridiculous!! Glad you liked the shortened link!! I'm really learning the twitter!
we won't be in til late tomorrow night, so unfort not...well be on the floor all three days though...
I can murk a nigga and it won't affect me.
Delco traffic is the worst!!!!
When u fall for someones personality everything about them becomes beautiful....
The house is still in Mpls, albeit a different color from the tv credits.
and your naked half the time...that still true as well?
Nice talk by Jobe #pas2012 showing chorioamnionitis reduced BPD in preterm and animal model
safe travels to all those that were at #hypefestradio3 God bless you and thank you for a great night!
Chkout DC startup Biggest difference is the UI, they are completely independent,
I got fumbles on my fantasy team
If those kids don't get to hug each other in this book, I'm going to start a riot.
Whoa. What did you think I meant?! I mean there is garbage blowing around on the sidewalks.
Happy Easter to everyone! !!!
hahaha thank you!
when did you change your pic? You look so cute and about to cause trouble. Thus why you look cute.
Absolutely, happy to share!
im mad too smh & alright .
Congratulations to Dorothy and E2 () who hatched their second egg this morning!
Satan is not house-trained... Continued next tweet
Seriously, that was my thought EVERYTIME I was going into work when I worked at the mall.
I hope Carey doesn't have any malice in his heart Sunday.
I was messin man. My dude beat me to them
Hi Brandon, would love to have you on my show as a guest from Jerusalem, Israel!
when your Upset&decide to Leave then Your boyfriend runs&jumps after you & says I love you&Hugs You.
if you want 10% off use "Steven" when purchasing anything
Rally today 5:30-7:30pm Highland & Sunset. Come after work. Need lots of people. Park on side streets.
I'll check it out again.
hey i am a girl and also the profile picture is my idol
and with a boner
Is it bad that I already want the weekend to be here ????
Super sore from yesterday's massage. It's like cleaning up for the cleaning lady, only backwards.
has to rush her to the hospital text my 240 num
Glad to be following all of these ==> , and
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
Does anyone know if Chrome has a way to turn off caching? New update caches JS files and won't reload without a cache clear
I seriously need some #runchat inspiration - after two days of just walking around, I need to get back on the run bandwagon!
I lol'ed
kinggayle shut up will you, you rich people make me sick why don't you help some poor blacks in harlem
: lay low and stay clean...lol
#Privacy issues and #libel. Whoops, should have been here. Legal issues for writers.
I know!! We need to trend something about Liam! He really deserves it in my opinion. He talks to us on twitcam!!!
Needing my barn fix - two rides tomorrow
Is your deal all inclusive? Cleats and all?
Reebok should, I don't know, find a more credible example of a "classic" than the writer of 'rack city' if they want me to go shoe shopping
Uuggh my mom bought herself 2 pairs of boots and its total cost is 200 dollars and she wont buy me the uggs i want. WTF mom. ;( Im sad now.
Zoey 101, I Loved That Show, I Miss The Old Shows Nickelodeon Used To Have, To Me, Those Were The Good Shows :/
TY for your confidence in our company. Be sure 2 follow our news releases for updates on the latest developments
hahah love your hashtag :p i cant wait to see u this summer(:
Today is Miss World 2011 beach beauty and Top Model final track!
What are you guys DOING
Just when I think I have it all dialed in, the universe throws a hard curve & jacks my whole program up. Need some good Juju right bout now!
Search this Site
oh, thank you sweetie :)
My New Galaxy Tab Is Awesome !!! xox , The Rain To Be From My
Can you please follow me? Your Gorgeouss <3
all Asians look the same amirite? /sarcasm
HOLY CRRANBERRY JELLY CRACKERS AND BUTTERNICKLES O:!!!
time to fix my mistakes just taking that shit one rep at a time cutting all the bs off
BELIEVE TOUR DATES NEXT WEEK I CANT EVEN WAIT IM SO EXCITED I JUST. GAH.
Check your hed.
Did you motorboat?! Lmao!
I know you rocked it today...SO proud of you!
Talent is what you have. Effort is what you give. Give your best!
What is the best holiday for music?
Did it. Went and rumbled/stumbled 1.3 mile around my way in some paleolithic version of running. Do it again on the morrow.
Thank you for RTs and helping us spread the word.
it's actually still cooling. We are going to try is shortly. I will report back soon :-)
World peace my nigga he funny.
radulov returns to khl. I don't see him staying in NHL.
happy birthday dropped u a Lil something in your inbox... Blessing bro
#ff are you counting down the final days till u can shop again. :-)
hey how r u
That's just a warning
Not really. Rangers, Reds, and Rockies are where they should be too
if I had tickets then yes! Until then I don't have any :/
People are dancing and making out. Last time I was here, I made out with two different girls!
Tupac video was amazing!
Thanks to all the ppl who actually showed up last night and rocked the Phantasy with me and ! It was a blast!
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
It makes me upset is there are no unbiased news channels, and few unbiased newscasts. And everyone refuses to acknowledge it.
Apple released version 5.1.1 of their iOS for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch
did it work?
Confirmed reports from #Syria: High ranking #Assad army general assassinated today in
Switching to MTV so they can teach me how to Dougie wearing my snuggie! Lol jk
shout back!
its not your responsibility to "allow' it - its God's order.
I Already Sent You The Piik Again With The Lyric(:
a #libraryblock can interfere with getting your grades, your degree, and/or your upcoming #berklee course schedule, so PLEASE come see us!
But look, an arch! Casement windows! It's so adorable! Who cares that you can see your breath indoors!
SportsBusiness Journal's Bill King says a Tweet won't make someone pay $240 for subscription. What about brand awareness?
C'mon Colorado! Represent for the Pac-12!
Great post by , President of !!
Demo version of the LP is done! Now time to tighten up the vocals, add some additional drums and bass and all that...
cot damn yo
Thanks for the follow! =)
With THE Rich Gillespie?
"...because what's love but an itch we can't scratch, a joke we can't catch. God, but still we laugh." - Good Day by Jewel
U stream was a mission complete brahh lol
After watching 1957 tv version of Cinderella, The Sound of Music & Mary Poppins, 8 yr old announces Julie Andrews is the best actress ever.
See you #beckham, don't let the door hit you on the way out.
A few of my friends I know call you their mom =P
love it!!!! Where was that taken?
You're digging the pink tassel?
GREAT MORNING NEAK
happy birthday to one of our artists, ! love you <3
Yes! I've got 80 pages to finish on my current read, then I'm picking up Alias Grace. Can't wait!
Library/GSLIS faculty's response to the LIS Library's new service model.
better than workout and whine..
What would be my excuse to go see I'm hecka old
I'm convience I'm meant to be solo, cause no one understands the music inside
No way!! Last time she saw my pic, she called me a crazy lady! Obviously her first impression... way more accurate. :)
Buy one, get one free. Sign up for RoseCityCoupons / receive text coupons for FREE. Good for 15 days.
What would you like to see happen next in ?
Gym time is valuable
fucking sweet, bro.
Hanging at the Future of Film Expo in Seattle.
Ladies of The Help look fantastic! I want Emma Stone's dress!
your welcome! figured I would help this service lol ..plus they'll be giving away prizes soon :-)
Perhaps at the end of May; plus really excited (: RT When will you start filming Bling Ring & r u excited? <3
Thanks to you too! And yes, pretty darn cool... she is a true blessing :)
50 colorful sailboats racing around Elliot Bay. Along came the big bad ferry and chased them all away. -Dave, Ageless
we discussed BK commercial in a class, some students think it's racist, others insist that crispy chicken is "black" food.
You are! I promise! :]
Winners know that the most important time frames are groups of minutes in every day~
and i never holla on these sites u just caught my eye real talk and im out
RT : If you are a Zendesk and MindTouch customer contact me asap pls.
adoption?, addiction?, peer pressure? Lol good serious topics. Expert in overcoming all of it!
43 points from kobe at the staples center... damn great win laker fans... WHAT!!! YOU LOST.. NO WAY!!
did you see our new promotion at the club?
At work feeling sick FML #powerthru =\
and scrapple is made in your backyard! By us!
Join the Text You Movement - all around the world people are joining just by adding their name to their contact list on their cell
I finally get it a pad is a big band-aid for your vagina:O
Nicki Minaj joins Elvis Duran in minutes. Her new album comes out today!
nothing exciting lol. Case for my tooth brush and mini nail polish remover.
New York is the best! I also love Paris.
Airhead icepops is like jesus christ in icepop form.
Enough about the finals, it's over. It's time to talk about next year- KOBE WILL GET 6!!!
It's Friday!!!! Time to have some fun and relaxation!
Oh. Wow. The library definitely smells like finals...
Holy crud... Mizzy and Dolph...... TOGETHER!!
Two eggs fertilized
That Griffin shot didn't count, though. They called Greene for the flagrant.
as always, I like art that polarizes. It's hard for me to really love something that some others don't really dislike.
we need to get back to soon! double date?
#StarWars - Luke I am your father!! *nerd*
