Getting ready to head to the Justin Bieber concert....excited to be the OPENING ACT! hope everyone will enjoy the show =] -Chad
Good night.
awee why aren't you here ! 😞
If they don't go again this year I will seriously cry. I know there may be other years but I'm getting super impatient and
What's planking?
lol its like ms:P
yeah I know I asked if you're going to try and get them lol I hope I can get them :)
not me
Check new #s. Listen in. RT : All chats not created equal. QUESTION: Best way to find chats that matter?
Luc Lac so so good. I love this place!!
Making bangers! i just made this beat called Michigan a couple days ago! Shit stupid
Everything at dartmouth is green, including the students clothing, notes
State testing starts tomorrow with reading... Then later I will have math, 2 writing, and algebra end of course.. 0/5.complete..
was good
Thanks for the #ffs and back atcha!
Don't try to be a hard rock when you a gem.- Lauryn Hill
OUCH!! DAMN THIS ACHING BACK
Making breakfast for the mother who gets to sleep in
This week Stitchy Sunday is on. The lovely Emme will be there to help you with projects.
#FF & we are hella tight. We piss each other off sometimes but ayy, what are friends for :) love y'all
Just a day. <3
Can Yuh Give Me A Shout Out Please! Look At My Tweets And You'll See Why(: I'll Give Yuh One Back(:
hahahahh besides this last week where I was MIA....I can always do it mon ;)
Ill give you eggs between your legs lol, hi rabi RT Love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs <3
GIVE ME SUPER BOWL TICKETS NOW
congrats on being a WILDCAT!! u are now apart of the greatest tradition in basketball!!
. "How oil is being stolen in Nigeria?" really? that a bio of ? you fuck over destitute people & environment. wtf do you expect?
The all women crew is pretty god.
S and N all day. (Shit and nap)
Loving that Groupon is finally facing some problems, bad business models shouldn't raise cash like it has
Who's going to be tonight? When should we meet? Every home match? Every match? Your call, this is your Supporters Club.
have i ever told you i was a big shia labeouf fan
are you continuing it?!?! :D
Not sure if I'm still blacked out or if I'm actually comprehending what is being said to me
Yay! I get to catalog music scores tomorrow!
cool. nice work. :)
Did anyone see the Ustream? I missed it I was out all day..
I spent my Friday night setting up a new code editor. I've finally made it.
It's worse than that. He was awarded a Nobel Peace Prize to ENCOURAGE him to be a peacemaker.
I had about 14 somewhat clever responses to this but couldn't narrow the field.
heard it's the opposite over that way, I'll send some good weather vibes....we got plenty heat to spare here!
He wanted free food >:) ": aw, some kid made my night told me I was very pretty :)"
There are 5 warhols on the wall on this crib. I might be fanning out
The Dave Begel "Nonsensical Blog Posting" Award for all of RRSMB's posts
JUST SENT THE JOINTS...LETS WORK!
Thanks! Do you get knee tweaks on occasion? Still relatively new to this regular gym thing.
the hardest part would probably be teaching a computer to make unintelligible announcements
correct. It is essentially one big Conference USA, with a playoff.
Just drove by the zombie apocalypse store. That is awesome.com
hi friend lol
I hate you Pinterest..
Disappointed I wont see a (Derrick) Rose on Valentine's Day but Jimmer is maybe the next best thing.
still writing... O_O
Coldwater, Ohio alum (my school) gets drafted #200 by the Vikings RT Congrats to Ross Homan
Watching BLUE VELVET for the 1000th time. What a masterpiece!
I MISS YOU ALL :(
What about Cutting for Stone then? Or the Game of Thrones series? Will keep her busy for a while.
much appreciated.
Ministry of Ideas () is a venue for entrepreneurs to share ideas with open meetups
Haha. They keep ignoring my questions on why Howie Mandel is judging a talent competition.
If David Stern has anything to do with it, we should see a Lakers vs. Clippers Western Conf Finals. Ratings bonanza.
"You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats.
Gotta love Old Gregg accusing niggas of playing #lovegames. Yeah. I went there.
The General Strike is the ultimate form of revolutionary action. It's the refusal wage slavery & the workers most reliable form of weaponry.
Mixed by Vavi Solomon
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
barely. I think I was a zombie for a bit. How was the film buff party?
Yep. Wish I could get that mashed potato pie with you and the Old Man. Remember to get bacon, too.
Dick's Danger Ale. Brook no substitutes.
Merry Christmas to my Footloose ladies!
it's why they created DVRs - watch the draft later
- yeah. That's how I tore my ACL. I didn't just tear it, I shredded it. It got stuck in my knee joint. Not good at all!
Did you hear that Victorious is coming to Universal Orlando on June 9th?! Maybe I will see you there!
Justin Bieber I love your songs.I have some of them on my laptop
Forget basketball! "The madness" is our new S.O.W., topped with freshmade mac n' cheese, bacon and tomatoes.
Next step - get a brilliant #agent!
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
Hi all Ooligan Hooligans: It appears that Twitter is restricting my daily follow count. I'll try to return your ads tomorrow. -Cyrus
Touring the lower peninsula
I love when it's my birthday... Facebook makes me look popular when truth is I have like 3 friends haha
post your window performance!
"As wound up as a coon dog tryin to pass a peach seed"
In #California, you will be subjected to horrendous traffic for hours. Atleast its 60 and sunny.
It's a fake!! Or so I read. HOW DARE THEY.
Thankyo for following me. :)
yeah...2nite is the better of the two....but 2mrw should still offer some nice views--esp just after *moonrise*..which is 8:53pm.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
WE HAVE WATER!
We're doing it!
Fuckin' rent. Thanks a lot
would you?
insert important information about my life here. (it's not even noon and it's too hot to think)
Can't wait to see St.Thomas again but not for too long. I feeling to go to LA to live. U never know where my next move gon be.
Places API Release Bug Fix: Reviews API "days" filter to get reviews in the last x days is working again
Says we want school to be sep from their life RT :Australian schools Social Media banned... what does this mean 4 kids?
that's all you Mr. Chief Innovation Officer, a post move-out farmers market may be better
99 problems and gay aint one.
Getting ready for the fundraiser for Baltimore Mayoral Candidate #otisrolley !
Ahh, you'll make due! Just get some rose & a baguette. And if you need back-up, Tweet me ☺ PS-I leave for training on Mon!
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Cooler pads filter the air effectively, and are inexpensive to replace, compared to AC filters. ABQ call 719-217-8546
Express Lube has partnered with Marine Corps Toys for Tots program. We're accepting new, unwrapped toys at all Express Lube locations.
Thanks for the RT!
Song to fall asleep to .. Suffocate J.Holiday (:
you could add it to the liturgy. The ceremony works like communion by intinction- people come up to take
iz a crime. Iz not fair. I've never gotz over it.
kick some Ms South butt! 💙💙
what kind of cup does that wire dude have on?
When I went to get my nails done the nail lady was like were yo sister, she think my mama my sister
Especially towards women!
It is embarrassing how loud my stomach grumbles sometimes
DIRTY BOY!!!
I'll believe it when you do it!
...okay, which groups for levels 40-50 are left? Is it Malta? I'd hate for it to be Malta. Carnies is Magic, right?
Should be interesting. Looking forward to your tweets from the meeting.
My pleasure. We all need to spring clean. Even our social profiles.
Icon credit to; c: [if you can see my new icon]
she might! You never know...they really are so good!
hilarious on joe rogan podcast!
my phone zoomed in the verse one of the song i read it it rocks with the help of my brother ofcourse ilove it #boyfriend !!!
#SoTellMeWhy I want to sleep on the busiest days?
Save the Date! SLIS Graduation Ceremony May 12, 12-1pm, Law School Atrium
#traveltip never leave home alone! Always let someone know where you are going!
Haha he just stabbed this dude..in the neck..in public..#highlyentertained ctfu
Ice cream again!! ~Devin.Anne<3
Well, thanks. You're a wee braver; but always watching your flank -- as it were. That just doesn't soud right. But, you know?
Super psyched to film this cover video very soon today :-)
Woah. What a cup of coffee will do to my outlook on life. This is addiction.
HAHAHA, well said. ;)
Likewise! RT Thanks for connecting Christine!
don't say that I gotta get up at 3:30 am to get ready for work
Visit us @ #Paradise Valley Mall
"LGBT" and/or "gay" mentioned 48 times in today's White House briefing. But move along. There's no news here.
#ProudofAustin you did AMAZING. <3 i love you :b
It's funny how concerned you are with me. Get over yourself and stop acting like a selfish little brat.
Pickles are cucumbers soakes in evil >:)
Omg like totally for sure
i LOVE you <3
When receiving a "gift" embrace the gesture, don't focus on the item. See the intention. It's the thought that counts ;)
I should be bad
Did you ever get out of bed?
#RememberHow shit use to get real when u played uno and you pulled out the Draw 4 wild card.
I can't think of anything else worse than seeing the one person you love the most in someone else's arms
If you break your neck, have nothing to eat, or your house is on fire, you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. -Fulghum
Scheduling w/ Google calendar at #maslsc12 great stuff!
Is it a bad thing if I do know this? “: Do you know what a fluffer is?”
can I PLEASE just marry the joker? asdfghjkl.
Love it! thank you for suggesting
So happy I didn't have to see the Bulls lose tonight. I wouldn't have been able to study for my test tomorrow if they would have lost.
Half a loaf is better than none.
haha i didn't even know that. Next time he tries you should put him in an arm bar
Skyzone with Haley , Holly , and Autumn :)
I'm calling it now....Mia vs Boston...lakers vs. San antonio
Dear NYers, ready to get outside the city? Would love to have you in Woodstock goo.gl/UsgY9
Jake, I will be giving an acting/modeling workshop in Myrtyle Beach on 10/22. Do you do any acting or modeling?
Perfect #ValentinesDay dinner: roasted garlic risotto with goat cheese and rosemary and a baby arugula salad with a simple vinaigrette
that's like when a spider runs away into a crack or something. I feel your pain!
You make me wanna.
Anyone wanna go to San Gennaro tonight? Or some form of real dinner? I need motivation to leave the house.
Now on FB Roger Dietch so you can join me as well. Market in another set up mode.
Need a roommate? = )
When I get to cali I'm a find me a dumb white girl wit racks n hustle it all from her
And so we enter hour 8 of me wearing wet socks and shoes.
It was nice to meet you too!
There are some things you learn that open you up to a lot of different possibilities—really changing/expanding your thinking early on.
You're welcome!
#WHENIWAS16 I WAS ON ITUNES
People shouldn't wear jeans to an afternoon holiday pops concert? Really?
Yes, HSBC does seem to love their Fifth Avenue Tower. This is not an endorsement. As I've said I do my banking elsewhere.
So pissed off you don't even understand... Words can not even express how mad I am.
Go sid! RT : I had a great day out talking to voters today.
Whens the fight????
Re-reading Girl w/ a Dragon after seeing the movie. Stieg Larsson R wordy.
So I got a job at Papa Johns. I start 2marrow. :)
no cuz she said we don't have to do it anymore
A few weeks ago I intervened in a gay bashing incident. Tonight the guy I helped saw me walking, jumped out of his car and gave me a hug. :)
You don't have to have it all figured out ahead of time... just put one foot in front of the other and you will get there.
Just wants to party get wasted and have a good time, well after work that is:)
RT : It's official! We open tonight at 5pm-with happy hour from 5-7pm. Stop by and say hi, we'd love to pour a drink for you.
he's good but not a fan
*squee* 50% off all sale items at means I got to buy two more pairs of my new favorite jeans for $40 TOTAL. YAY!!!
Fuck you miami!
I'm the reason why you always getting faded , take shot for me.
Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard
Honeymoon means no tweeting.....
#ThatAwkwardMoment when an awkward moment isn't awkward at all....
I know we have 3.5 hours to go but can this Lakers/Thunder game fucking start already?!
misses #chi2010 already :(
how do you handle doing a bad review of a mainstream book? Just finished Inheritance and it was pretty bad.
But very nicely done.
Who's hitting those #HappyHours later to #Winedown? DM your email and I'll send you a #Bartab drink!
I'll tak the mixing comment as a compliment lol -
Does anybody have recommendations for a doggie daycare in/near Oak Lawn?!
listened to that during my 5 am drive
No problem :)
Going out to dinner > going to stats review. My priorities are way out of check
The Movie Sense officially gives #BadTeacher Green Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
#MerryChristmas y #FelizNavidad E'eryone!! I hope you're recycling all that wrapping paper, plastic, etc.
No hard feelings about the spam, mate. hackers hit many young actors. break a leg
was thin king about mortality the other day especially with taylor and and others passing on. the end is look closer each day.
The best part of today's #FridayFacts is hearing laugh in the background.
agreed, it was delicious
I don't think that is quite right. The slide rule nor thesaurus are tools for bullying, sexting, etc.
doors open at 7pm on Fri 12/23 you can help by inviting friends! Follow feedmilwaukee and spread the word!! Thanks
YES. That tweet constitutes a transfer of your contract with OSF to me, Tony & Loehr. LETS DO THIS BOYS.
I am interested in hearing more about your production position. Thank you.
The Mamas and the Papas Fritas
Calling Xcocaine and heroin addicts to care. Help us keep next family safe with detection. Your words, donations help our program
When the po po ran up on me & Mexico . Swear I ain't never ran that fast befo! Take a 2 liter & fill it up with codeine !
Lewis slips as Rangers' skid hits 3
lol man , soo many people been askin that . smh , dont know where my twitter life has gone off to .
One needed stat. Bourbon.
We prefer the Parisian shawls, the fabric being softer, and the patterns, bouquets, and wreaths of flowers much more graceful. (1850)
blessed to work with such awesome people
ah, that's so perfect!
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #3: “The lustful speaker attempts to calm their nerves by applying the advice to picture the audience naked!”
#imagine Austin:do you believe in soul mates?because i think you are mine. You:i think your mine to :) *Austin kisses you*
Home showered now gettiin ready for family guy
woodland hills by calabasses
did you get zapped filming this?
best music for V day!
It should be noted that Rec #86 also asks the US to prevent violence/discrimination based on sexual orientation.
you know why sir
The Chardon Polka Band Returns! — Sunday, February 26 at 2:00pm at the BrewWorks!!! Don't miss this!
it's pretty much the same thing so it works haha. But I've done that before:p
they're different so you can fill out both! It will double your chances to win! :)
that irritates me so much!
Pumped that SAG/AFTRA is ONE!
TERRIBLE #nightmares last night after watching with ...no more decapitating turtles before bed!
Not yet, but we will!
im finna get on der. Get at me. its-milky
Our Board Member 's Tweets will be turned into comedic art this Saturday Night by theater!...
"The children in the sandbox are being mean?" I offer you a chair at the big people table. LOL
Planning for tomorrow! So excited for this new part of my life.
. live tweets for and responds to emails at the same time, what a talent
hey Ms Karen good day to you
A lease option is comprised of two main parts namely an option & a lease (rental agreement).This is written in either 1 or 2 contracts.
My Debt Reduction and Sewer Stabilization Plan eliminates $750 million, or 25%, of the County’s $3 billion in debt
Anyone else need an exorbitant amount of coffee today? Probably not a good idea to play poker today...thanks Daylight Savings Time.
I'll run to macdons and get a shamrock shake?
RT : Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
Late nights early mornings...
Haha good call
Tea is kind of a waste of time.
I promised myself I wouldn't leak a spoiler of my day tomorrow, but I did buy some new camera gear for the event.
I got ya bitch wit me nigga.
Hey Media. Keep showing the Riverwest riot video some more parents feel pressure to turn in their heathens.
Romo can be great. He usually isn't for 4 quarters a game. Especially not in the playoffs.
2nd down and ten left for the 1st go ahead and just stay back.
oops, 11:36? What the hell? I was supposed to go for a run at 9. Damn.
Hello to the
I have a comfy awesome bunk bed. goodnight! Sweet dreams
Learn the variety of flags, uniforms & weapons of the American Civil War @ Green Valley Lib on Monday @ 6.
Just saw a big ass spider run across my room and before I got scared I stomped on that bitch
and I'm a moron bc you did tell me when haha. I hope you wear the shirt this time!!!!
. asked about large scale digitization with minimal metadata. "Yep, that's a problem." :-)
dammit! and your twitter got virusfied too...i've been getting nasty little messages from you...
Most of you are probably aware by now that Philips has decided to shut down its 3D operation due to current market developments.
Dilemma:I support GirlScouts & buy cookies. Those have corn syrup, so I don't eat 'em. Can I give the boxes to bums or am I poisoning them?
Ive Been Fan Since Joker Was 17, First Time I Heard Him I Thought, This Dude Is To Fuckin Sick, Your My Fav Rapper
At Work: Texas, NDak, then Liberman today sez he won't run again - So mucvh for the Junkie! Plus 150 yrs since seccession.
anyone who expects something intelligent or respectful from clearly hasn't followed the bozo's career.
Nice Sunday!
Time to go eat
great catch - resending now to fix typo - thanks
Pamela Grimm (PamelaGrimm1) thanks for the follow.
We spring forward by one hour this Saturday night into Sunday. Extra hour of daylight Sunday evening. Sunset: 6:58 PM EDT.
thanks! Hope to see you soon :)
Haha, poor Karla. Two more days of this! :-(
Had a fabulous time on Sunday night at the Scott Baio 50th birthday Gala! they raised 50 K for BBAF so honored to be a sponsor for it!
Yayy can't wait to c u either!(: RT can't wait to see you all!!!! In two weeks
ii know what ya mean :)
Way to go ! Can't wait to see you in the 2nd round.
so true ;p
The strongest is never strong enough to be always the master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty.
oh no! well I guess that's good. I have a follower who gives tips on how to fix your Yacht. got Yacht problems?
right...and next you are going to tell me that Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the same thing!!
"Here be dragons" was what cartographers put on their maps to mark dangerous or uncharted territory. Here be dragons...
Band-aids always make everything better <3
U advocate for less Gov. but U take earned income tax credit, Medicaid supports parents, and my taxes pay for UR children's school meals???
thanks! Although, I seriously have no idea what I'm doing! And yes, even though I'm a nerd! :-)
BOUT TO COOK MY FIRST TURKEY
Itd be nice if the immaterialist didnt get sick since his body doesnt exist.
Lifes not fair D: but am still happy for <3
Had a most enjoyable catch-up lunch today w/ in NYC. I miss working with you D. Hope to see you again soon.
Just saw #TowerHeist. Great movie!! Immortals, "meh" is all can say on that one.
Creed, "Higher"
Our newest sponsor is Without a doubt, one of the best bars in Baltimore. A personal favorite. Thanks guys.
The Old Market Tea Smith is open for business at 11th and Howard. Questions? Call us at (402) 932-3933 Looking forward to seeing you!
The Computer Guy just landed another News Interview with WTHR (13 NBC) for the 5 o'clock broadcast this evening! Be sure to tune in!
Bottom line is , you the finest .
just tell me when its done and I will instantly preorder it
I just sent it!!
Attn: followers please follow me on Facebook @ brandon Joel marsh , much more up to the min posts
This is an amazing game!
why dont they just say we dont have coke... I want to say no ill stick with coke ty:-)
Girlfriends are like credit cards, you can't get one unless you already have one.
Sometimes it feels like Guppy is there to fill the void that is the shirtless wonder seeing as how Gibby sorta outgrew it.
Hey man congrats on everything your doing. Your living the dreams you've come a long way! Haven't talked to you in forever!
I'm holding back the tears. OUR BOYS<3 i filmed the one thing performance so im putting it up on tumblr.
#stopkony should be a TT until he is brought to justice
I can quote every episode of George Lopez. Not sure if I should be proud or ashamed.
2 new listings, pictures coming soon!
Cool wallpaper you've got on your phone!
I'm not sure I was aware that boy bands are still a thing. EEk.
Your pics will help visually prove a point (in a very pretty way): only use sizes as a GUIDELINE when shopping. Thank you!
My only hope for this San Francisco trip is that can see Frank Chu protesting in person.
When it comes to turning out movies, I'm for Hollywood. -- Jeffrey Hunter
nice airball paul pierce
Great! Disney
Congrats to supporting on some Florida dates.
i adore sleep. that is all.
I don't want to play draw something with you if you just write the word.
people are so predictable, I hate humanity
NO tausha thinks when we talk a lot i get extra diva-ish
Raiola was a student of mine at Nebraska in the late 1990s, so I'll go with that.
What the hell is that? lol
we'd still love you to make that post! LFA DMV facebook page, if you're willing
“: #Libra Motto: Think outside the box.” Always!!! Imagination is key ; )
lol how long is he keeping it?
What's it of?
RT : If 3 or more clients ask you a ?, create a video about it. [< YES!!]
Oh, yes, CenterNet is perfect. Thanks!
The dictator was hilarious!
Are the X-Games at Sunburst this year? Why are they only hitting one rail when they have a full mountain of terrain? Boring.
Don't be with a guy who doesn't want anyone to know your together. He probably has other girls he is seeing besides you.
God fucking damn it.
Body for Life Day One! Here we go.
There are pix on my FB page of GLAAD but they suck; time for a new phone! :-P
I can't get the following song lyric out of my mind this morning: I'll be burning rubber, you'll be kissing by a**! And I have no idea why.
As long as I'm alive, maybe I'll die for you
“: Just had to offroad this golf cart to get around some old ladies lol #watchout” texting and driving?
no problem! Let's do next Monday. 10am? My schedule is open until 3.
and nothing motivates me more than when someone underestimates me or is a naysayer :)
Tomorrow is going to be one hell of a rough day.
These girls have me rotf!
i hate funerals
"Clowns to the left of me/Jokers to the right/Stuck in the Middle w you"
totally! i've sort of been lagging in keeping up the games with but this sounds nice. p.s. let's be friends
by judging the crowd here i thought i was in tampa for a minute.
Bout to start drinking them Charlie browns waiting for the spurs lakers game. I'll probably be wasted by then
Accidentally watched Sarah Jessica Parker's "I Don't Know How She Does It." Should have been titled "I Don't Know Why She Did It."
. tell Mr. Buckley not to generalize all #lobbyist as those that provide bribes to Members of Congress. You should know better.
Future NBA players probably.
Hi all! Did you have a good weekend?
lmao where u at
after being told the wrong flight time by cheaptickets .com I'm on the road again, only a day later. San Fran to Balt. be home tonight!
Yeah. These copmuters are really causing issues for both cops and those who try to mute them.
Looking for healthy fish choices? Try wild Alaskan sockeye salmon, sardines and trout.
Jus by talking to youu, youu made my day(:
That's a great one!! RT: "Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle via [Yess!!]
I've been working next to Grand Central for 4 years and just discovered the food court underneath it....what's wrong with me?
You should get to follow me :) lol.
I've heard of speculative fiction, but I don't really know what it is...
I read the book #GameChange The movie covers only part of the book. The Clinton part of the book was pretty shocking
What are you working with in the software when this behavior occurs? Recording? Editing?
#onlyskinnyppl go to planet fitness put baby oil on look in the mirror and not lift a damb weight
marry the night <3
#HartOfDixie was cute!! I say go with George.
Watching the UW hockey game :)
I just saw that on t.v. !
#teenageemoticon #teenageemoticon. Maybe it is a beauty mark
A goal can never be accomplished without a basic starting point
Oh my gosh I hate what they did to Becky. and Quinns back to being a bitch. ugh.
I just need you, to say everything is okay..
Get organised and create more bench space by ensuring your small parts are neatly stored by partnering your bench with a range
About to head up to #cafe24... I'm hungry and work in 5 hours.. Hbu?
Nate hit Reece in the back of the head with a shovel and he is in the hospital
In need of a low-cost beachfront wedding ceremony/reception venue. Any thoughts? Thank you!
I'll make that the title of the piece I'm writing.
what a great crew 2 work w/this week on #cfaleadercast love working with pros who just happen 2 be your great friends...it was my pleasure
I saw her before I read the headline and thought the EXACT same thing.
NCAA finals MOP as well, correct? Lost to Magic in '79.. Not sure if that even counts
What was your favorite hoop memory as a kid?
I always think somethings are to good to be true, That is why I couldn't bring myself to fall for you <3
I swear if any drama hits me again, ima do something its hard to hold back& do nothing but im here to show who's the better person.
Watching the Heat and Pacers game and Heat better step it up right now, if they want to win the game
releasing lil zac official Music video tonight
The High Five!
#RUwriting Formulating this year's Christmas story, featuring an elf and a sugar plum fairy.
.......shut it. no but serioulsy. we're getting tattoos. save your money bitches.
Zips is 18.
#Boilermaker on the mound for my
lol i dint think of that.like im waiting for my fr
o ok i got u
YOur God father the Man, bryant hewitt-could not get in to see his God Son Perform. left message with you with box office
Collaborate Without Complexity: SharePoint Mobile Workflow Platform for iPad and Android Released by Formotus
I was told that we had a leprechaun sighting in our house today.
Plays posted so far from 60 services and consensus just hit on FIU with another update coming it may not hold...will see
Reading all of these mother's day cards just makes me realize how much I miss that gorgeous woman! 😔😭💔
RT Center Grove Sound System won the lawrence central classic by 120 points
sounds like the Old Port is stop you need to make!! Portland waterfront + lobster rolls =
bout to take pics with this webcam.
'So how was your weekend brotha?' 'Ah, another blind date with a Brazilian super model and 54 holes at Pebble' - convo - Braunie & Aaron R
Since I have been in L.A. I have had three auditions in Portland...
; let's go shopping..this time from your computer. XD
you won't!
We are excited about our Staff potluck!!!
Sports & Biz are a lot alike. You can't become great alone & even if you could it wouldn't be as fulfilling. Moral: Build up your team!
Just give in! RT My goodness, the treadmill at is stuck on Two and a Half Men.
“: My husband loves me more for how devastated I am by a sporting event. #Marchsadness”
#nicolegolfchat what's been most improved part of ur game this season?
so true about technical support. At Dell a manger gave me his office number because i was complaing too much about customer service
Justin biebers song boyfriend >>>>
chance to meet w/yer favorite SM blogger?
should be surprising but isn't. They don't care about Whitney all they care shout is the money.
College? Why so expense?
only if you care or unless your busy.
Hey Dylan(: how are you? I love you!!!(:
No call yet between and , Boehner tells , but 'we've exchanged voice mails.'
What's #nowplaying? SHOUT IT OUT!
Happy Hour August 18. 6 - 8 PM. Make it happen!
We are open for lunch from 11-3. Stop by and fill your belly with some good food this afternoon.
Its storming. No power. Not allowed in my house. Waiting for the police to get here.
Good Morning Twitter! Its way to early to be up but I've got to get my lil man ready and off to school! I really hope this day goes by fast!
Well almost Friday
thank you for following, twitter put a limit on who i can follow back.. i am trying to get it removed.
we need more points! Donate before midnight to help rally us to Rd.2
hey boo(: follow me
You should go to Hoot Fest! (:
Make sure to tune in! RT : REMINDER: Our "Town Hall on International #Investment" w/ 's and Yohannes up next
Almost #HH you can do it! Just think $1 #Bartab drinks...soon lol DM your email and I'll hook you up! Your hard work needs to be rewarded!
today, that guy was the same guy.
I know its odd but I am missing your hair, see you soon!
always am! ;) We need to catch up soon!
A Plus Warehouse now distributes medical carts by Lakeside. These are excellent carts used in major hospitals. Learn all about this new m
That song still goes hard!
Want to see Friday in st Pete....who wants to go with me???
Tonight is ART MURMUR in Oakland! FATAL jewelry will be set up guerilla stylie. Keep you posted on my location :)
Just had a warm chocolate cake with ice cream and a cold bottle of water.
automatic A on english paper only if we hand it in?
you're right! There's still time. Thanks bro! 🙌🙏
dude. it was the worst.
E-mail me @ for more info about "Love Repair",the movie event, this Sunday March 27th.
Ima put it down , you gon fall in love.
#wino! Nice work
lol, of course, I'm sure she'll love a photo shoot, and Tinara's sisters too.
Self-care is never a selfish act—it is simply good stewardship of the only gift I have, the gift I was put on earth 2 offer 2 others -Palmer
Well Tigers and winning and Csan just chucked a throw into left field. And the offense is making a jelly armed Pavono look like Jack Morris
there are a couple of places in Millenium Park -- I know the outside one has a bar with tv. not sure about wifi, tho
>>true!!! Lol. Ricon soon my friend..I know u pheenin for those rice n beans!!!
nope. a local credit union
Happy Easter from our family to yours! :)
Digital development communications co-founder Colby Gottert takes the stage #TEDxDupont | using videos to disseminate develp. innovations
Everyone enjoy the weekend! Let me know if anything is going on in Vegas I need to know ! Much love
#MBFacebookNames <------- LMFAOOOO WE GOT THIS SHIT TRENDING i AM SO #DONE WITH TM
": You can always tell who ya real friends are just by observing certain shit."
i do not
Leather Feather mastering on Monday.
I made a promise, that i would never fuck up having you in my life.
i need to follow me
no problem :D
"If they want to do it and they're excited about doing it, it will happen" -Tommy on the importance of faculty #EdTech PD
I'm donating my copy to Support your library, support Arts and Sciences! #reading Please RT
yea we will get some cool Canadian music here in Nashville :)
Thanks for the follow! Pretty boxes!
Happy Valentines Day!!!
& just hooked me up w/#KrushGroove tickets! I'm in there excited to c & more! Happy B-Day 2 me! ON!
Pride and prejudice: How you are proud determines whether you&#39;re racist
that song brings back tons of memories!"
MT ... 57 degrees tonight 5 to 8 [at our Third Friday #SanDiegoFoodTrucks Extravaganza, going on now! Come get some!]
I can't wait to see cry tonight after his team gets waxed
what size bra are you?
“: so only a handful of people, gotcha” Bottom of the league or not, 13,538 avg is a tad more than a handful
@ k8rasman Good luck! My stylist says use shampoo every 4 days if your hair starts to feel greasy.
Susan Cooper is an engaging speaker and someone came down from Upstate New York to hear her.
How you spend your day is how you spend your life.
Man how the weather changes so quick
i need that Winnie the Pooh intro on cd.. i could wake up to that tune every morning!
I want to get dashed against the rocks when I come to Sxsw, when I see a new band I've never heard before.
I think about the day I met the perfect stranger...The sun was shining on you, the Lord was smiling on me...
you are the heart and soul of the
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice
dude, it's way too early for anything! What are you doing up!?? Also, number totes saved.
Seeing BCBGs new lines
ughughugh. WHY CAN'T I DRIVE ALREADY?
it's after the game I think per mysa.com
ha yeah, sure it does! it's a metablog afterall
i looked pretty til i went to visit cara. talking to her draws on my emotions so hard, my tears and snot ruined everything!
pretty busy. Being a butthead is time consuming
im just in one of the moods i feel like f___ . :p
I am the worst decision maker ever.
what you want is what you get
we're checking to see if we can sell them online!
you gotta fight for your right to party and watch horses run around a track.
that's only part of happiness,to me.If u know where u can go,where life&god can/could have taken u,why be content with this?
ME NEITHER ! Mine he's too cheap for both of us.
What's cooler then being in a hotel where ur brother is outside on a stakeout?
Chickfila is wrong for that banana pudding shake. Wrong! Do not succumb to its deliciousness.
any graphics I can help you with?
Congrats Sydney Smith on your new recruit today!
When do you think you will get to play the movie Freshman Father with ? Its one of my favorites!
haha how about you do A work and then it is not even an issue! Chocolate is just not good. White chocolate or vanilla thumbsup
When your last three tweets mention me.
Just when you think you're free, you realise you never stood a chance. - Emily
Sutton: If you are one boss that has one loser after another, take a look in the mirror.
So do you race then?
I hope u get some sand in ur soul today
I heard it was tomorrow. Everyone on Tumblr saying it's tomorrow, but it could be because of time difference.
“: I so enjoy a man that can show emotion and isn't afraid to cry... Congrats bubba” me too :) awesome
JOSH JUST KILLED IT. DAMN
Just enjoyed great talk by James Brett, founder of the Museum of Everything (). "We're alive to make things."
thanks Neil!
The paint on these paintings I haven't touched in over a year is definitely dry.
I remember wen I first made a twittering it was a roast fest for a minute lol we was all goin in
Last couple quotes from #Baldwin on #SOPA: I’d love to see us be able to take some positive steps forward to confront online piracy (....)
yep, in pioneer sq
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle
Hey Spring Solstice! Go back to your country!
on the East side- considering beauty bar @ 1 am for Andrew WK
Outpost for Contemporary Art will feature artist Eamon Ore-Giron's designs at T-shirt Revival Night, 7-10 TONIGHT! Old shirts, new designs!
They call that as often as they call interference, last time I saw that called I was playing Blades of Steel.
Validate if systems worked by monitoring what the villagers say about their water points.
Wedding planning pow-wow. This is what my Friday nights have become.
text me i cant find your #
[Campus Bulletin] u[sic]ga had Saturday classes today to make up for the snow closings. Will you please stop complaining to us now?
"oh, you're THOSE doctors. You said pediatrics and the light went on."
Is it just me, or are flowers way more expensive in the hood?
thats bc they are fans and he be looking sexy anyway so it dont matter lol
I dont give a shit anymore, think what you think, believe what you want, but remember i cared when no one else did.
the GW Parkway Classic. And thanks for the suggestion -- I'll check those out!
Oh, going to be a longer night than I anticipated! I will not let this blog venture presentation kick my ass!
lol maybe, I did a marilyn Monroe portrait spend a month drawing it brought it home from school for the dogs to pee on it 👎
Got my recorder player working. First song, "What a Fool Believes" by the Doobie Brothers. Yes, Michael McDonald sings that one.
Pluhowski speaking. Evolving customer needs;3desires: seamless anytime/anywhere experiences.Easy access.Multiple connections
Oh, by all means. Let's trot out Tony Blair again.
any Chicago bands looking for a Jan show?
an honest politician
i kno im funny
She came with yu now shez leaving with me whahha .. Im really sorry i just cant do nothing about it 😌
really weird. Peyton has been a class act the entire time. I think he's done in Indy sadly. Hate to see it going like this.
Never been on twitter jail
Going to see at #Bunkers tonight in #Minneapolis. Anyone want to join me?
Thank you to all the MUHS alums from 1961 to 1931 for celebrating the Summit Club Mass/Dinner tonight !! A tweeturn would be amazing!
Need help with APA? The Tutoring Center will be doing a workshop on APA on May 22nd at 3 pm in Room 236. Don't miss it!
Happy Thanksgiving! Have a wonderful Holiday! Remember to take some time and really think about what you are thankful for!
"Her life was in their hands. Now her toe is in the mail."
Firehook Bakery offers a bakery catering menu for breakfast & lunch, including dessert trays and special occasion cakes.
Baby boomers retiring daily + per day for the next 17 years....join Co-Author of "Success On God's Terms" Gerald D. Rogers this week
Because has been empowering women for 125 years now, we want to wish all women - Happy International Women's Day!
We're honored to have and Mayor Reardon in attendance at the groundbreaking today.
where u at
Thank goodness it's #FollowFriday! Add us
Lol RT : with all the smog and polution... The rain smell like death
I’m finding out how many slaves work for me in the global supply chain. What’s your slavery footprint?
My memories are just of being able to say "pop" before I was robbed of this youthful joy by being surrounded by East Coasters.
the haunting aroma of popcorn you smell in the #twoffice was me. I did it on purpose. Get poppin!
i would tell u. But u always ignore my text messages :P
Oh yes. Will definitely try that one. Will let you know once I get the chance to make it.
Need some good convo wit a female I ant talked too
Visited Lambeau today. No sign of #12. No sign of anyone, truth be told. Tomorrow, on to the Hall of Fame!
Dear SF 49ers - it would really mean a lot to the city of Baltimore if you could beat the Steelers tonight. Merry Christmas,
KEY to SUCCESS: Don’t let barriers lock you down. Turn to strategies, plans & tactics that reach across boundaries + lead to collaboration.
Curious to know how #OccupySD is affecting the
Banana Commerce: Watching KUSI special re: port in San Diego: Over 185 million pounds of bananas are transported thru port each MONTH.
not true I was there too and you wore happy and successful
Shenhua-Shandong stalemate as Anelka sits out : Wild East Football
Rexy. Lions look legit. Booked your trip to the Superbowl yet?
Let's talk about Romantic Comedies - #RomCom It is Valentine's Day weekend after all! #VDay - What are your favorite RomComs? HIGH FIDELITY
I have also incorporated my red velvet into a gluten-free cupcake so all you don't miss out on this amazing cupcake
12-year-olds to be allowed to hunt alone
shiny-Flirt, matte-Stila(its a crayon) or Nars, just good Morpho. Still searching for perfection and have tried dozens...
Maybe its just me, but the acronym IMO is pretty damn annoying. Youre already stating something thats your opinion, typing IMO is redundant
all morning I kept thinking, "i wonder what kind of cool shit I get to do today."
Hi I wanna wear yo pants.
What Kinda Face Iz Dat Bro????
oh, btw, I love your user name(:
Throw in to too and there their to..I mean too!!
I see that is seeking #LoveNotes. Your anniv story is perfect.
They all on yo dick I'm all on my own.
RT : Join #NPtalk now through 1pm to learn how your #nonprofit can use video for its #fundraising efforts.
haha , me to! when do you get outt? we get out tommorroooww .
Good Morning #STEELERNATION..HOPE EVERYONE HAS A GREAT DAY!
actually it did! it went nice and smooth.. I was surprised. wish I could go back in time and do it again :)
RT : . absolutely killing it at #azec11. *Every* entrepreneur should watch him speak about Entrepreneurship 2.0
I wanna see battleship when it come.out.!
In Target kids clothing section and trying to refrain from tossing the x-large of everything Harajuku Mini into the cart...
lol thanks champ
too funny. Might want to switch ur defensive settings from tactical to legacy.
Apparently has more followers than me. This is unacceptable.
Looking @ houses took a little longer than we planned. In for sure next week. Text me your schedule for next week, we'll hang
*I not No
you forgot about me . damn , i'm hurt !
so jealous! cap a girl one too lol
so pack silk boxers,a lighter(4 candles)and my sexy self! Sounds right. When should I arrive..am or pm?
just in case you were wondering, hog casings look like really really long condoms. also, you should never watch sausage being made.
did you just see me stuck in that maze cursing up a storm? Yea, that was me
It was nice to join you and the family for dinner... Thanks for the great dinner. XO=]
sugar free vanilla
Purchasing James Durbin's debut cd out today!!!!!!!
Enjoy! You earned it. But it must seem surreal.
its all good haha just threw me off, thought I double booked something
I heard espn3.com streams it.
My girlfriend is the best at giving full body massages :D.
I'll tell him you said that. :)
My sleep track is so messed up from the band trip. Now I have to get up at 3... Cool.
Thanks for the follow Jeff. Right back at ya!
#chubbys here we come...
Another week at copper penny. This one starts in Washington DC at United Public Policy Meeting.
nah. I dont like them for many a reason. They don't get my time of day to even think about them enough to do something like that.
I think jake isn't going to get taken away from his dad.
Cant wait till I get my iphone 4s!
Valentine's Day Fill-In-The-Blank: If I could pick one musician to be my valentine today - I'd pick _________________.
Everyone follow
I love you (:
Really AT&T Advertising? Need to cancel an account and someone will get back to us in SEVEN TO TEN DAYS???
it was lovely.
Breakfast Time :)
oh. Well I mean everyone is getting kicked out of there cars, not just seniors. At least you only have 2 days left of it.
quote of the night..."that's why we're so rich!!" lol I've never bit my tongue so hard!!!
11.5 hours of sleep last night!!!!
SF users. Anyone near Hana Zen? If so take a quick pic of the rest. & upload to Easy way to make some extra cash.
So very tired, I'm gonna pass out watching Invader Zim. Goodnight and Geek Dreams to you.
NEED PROTEIN...
your show is gonna be rockin' tonight. We're coming!!! Pushing through the crowd for your beautiful face. You're welcome.
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
I need to Bring Back Ringer
I couldn't agree more
you like so much of Brazil, right? I can send something Brazilian for you, a gift if you want! :)
yes i am because i dont have any friends lololol
we do? Where is it? “: Do you know #Chicago has a neighborhood call Pill Hill?”
rumble in the tumbly.. Gave in to my 7-11 craving. Verdict = taquito? Never more.
there so many places !! Who would not LOVE to work at lol ! do you ever come to Miami ?? Let me know :)
I am happy to announce that is also C2MW! Can't wait for you guys to meet!
also, thanks for running for Grad Liaison and representing grad students! there's a endorsement coming your way :)
There's an alarm going off in repati's office at Johnston hall. THIS BUILDING IS SO CREEPY AT NIGHT!
If you saw them you would understand
I think there's a chance we're setting a FB record. We've been stuck on 376 likes for a week. And, yup, that was a hint..
well you still on the team. We need to to get together
Going to talk Week 4 NFL Matchups w/ ON AIR on the Fantasy Pros 911 early show tomorrow at 6:15am EST!
on the 1's and 2's tonight!
done recordin i might drop my mixtape tama or tonight
Funny, I read that one more as a post-feminist critique on the breast milk trope in "Little Women."
Fucking grossed out. Im not sleeping in here tonight.
I'm looking forward to that.
Almost there!
Working on an article on this very thing--do you mind sharing your stat source? Many thanks!
A4: After my wife finished crying a/b the P&G ad, she said that's the kind of ad that would get me to consider purchasing something
Being a #smallbiz owner, does your business have an advisory board?
yeah! My main sport is basketball but i think in high school im gonna play both! But in college ill most likely play bball!
just got home. im hyper. don't go to crickets
Haha, I know I know. But did you watch the first segment of the show!? You'd feel bad too.
What's with all the flannel on a 95 degree humid day? Three people spotted and it's not even 8am!
nice work getting re-tweeted by !
Merry Christmas Everyone
You are officially my favorite Canadian.
you got precise drop can you send me a link for your radio show.
So i guess Mike Brown won't be coaching lakers anymore, since they're gonna lose tonight right?
NP God Given Name
Good day sunshine #smgirlfriends - hope you all get outside before the SoCal rain hits us manana!
Thanks man. Having no time will do that to ya! You need to come on sometime. Let's plan.
#songsiwillnevergettiredof George Michael - Careless Whisper
question for San Diego employers? Where is best place to advertise jobs?
It's those chairs. You guys are like 15 feet high -- you had to awkwardly fold your arms for balance.
now abc don't show an abbreviates season of ! give us the full season!!! hot, hot, hot
on for #foreveryogurt tonight??
"Current College Students Struggle to Survive Rising Tuitions". Be sure to have enough money saved to account for fee increases each year.
natural-health-magazine-deals - Surviving the Stores: Hot deal on Natural Health Magazine! ... 1 Comment. TODAY only, you can get a s...
Today, that same process looks very different
Sorry no Google+ hangout, connectivity on base is a challenge :(
everyone seems to be making great points, and real discussion is happening. I like that.
Someone make me a chocolate cake, I'm cravin it
OK INSTEAD OF A NIGGA MAKIN THINGS RIGHT AT HOME HE RATHER MAKE THINGS WORSE BY GOIN OUT..FUCKN
"To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts." - Henry David Thoreau
You mad so what! Build a bridge an ge over it!
Ha! Glad it wasn't just me!! RT : I seriously thought the same thing!
#WhenSummerComes My Planns Is To Spend It All With YOU <3
I miss a lot of people from king more than I thought I would, kinda wish we could have just hung out all year, instead of studied
Serious pizza before the show.
no lo supero
God the south is fucked up.
Craving a cinnamon & sugar cupcake from big time!!
#SometimesYouHaveTo do the hard thing because it's the right thing
Must make breakfast... but I'm so sleepy from chasing goats to make him dinner!
Happy birthday! I've loved my 30s so far, hope you do too.
Sorry I missed your tweet about video interviews sunday, buddy. Call for volunteers at next GA maybe?
About to take Spikey for a little morning walk :)
Off and running. Looking forward to a busy morning.
Who wants to play a game? Guess the lyrics or fill in the lyrics? Comment below which one you'd rather do. -Sara
"Bang Someone Like You" sounds like Britney Spears covering Adele.
yeah "class of 2013"
What are you most looking forward to this summer?
who denied it? link?
Costs are often easier to gauge than sales. I'd rather estimate sales conservatively.
Around the #RVA metro I would be surprised if anybody saw over a light coating or "trace". For the snow lovers, it's better than nothing!
I should have done this a long time ago!
ha! it was pretty cool. I think they said that trike weighed something like 300lbs. crazy!
Having to do things I don't want to do has never been something I've ever been good at doing.
hahahah where can we call you?
Looks like you can go do jail for Facebook usage...haha goo.gl/cGYBK
#np 1D what makes you beautiful :))
1-year anniversary show tonight! NWSports tonight
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Many mapping predicates should be approximate. owl:sameAs a nuclear warhead.
by trending "Get Austin Mahone Verified" :)
why put anything on the web at all? what are the institutional aims?
nice! I'm actually trying to go to UMKC law
Guys. Irons are hot.
I have to say I am not but there have been plenty on games I would go and buy at midnight , so I dont blame you !!!!!
Who will be at the David Guetta show February 8th? Who's getting laid to be there?? This guy!
don't with driving classes and incars😊👊 #yaaay #onemoremonth🚗
I'm going to stock up on Twinkies and cupcakes.
Vamp D Producer : "Ten more seconds to shave off the season finale and we're done. Its last ten minutes are pretty darn crazy."
check twitter. check facebook.
The Knicks have given up, so why shouldn't the fanbase?
cool mine is leah roche (awesomness) its a pic of me with purplish lipstick on im not online tho lols
My stomach feels full but I still want to eat some real food. Have to get use to these fruit/veg shakes .
it's peanut butter time
your picture makes you look like a whore :P
WTF? What's broken?
remove tenure, provide high quality PD and implement and monitor change, utilize true PLCs.
I cried with happiness in my dream because you said you loved me again……
Frank Vogel talking crap about the it's gonna be some extra fuel for this series
Omfg adorable! I'm so making some of my own!
Fire? Oh Lawdy! RT : Somebody need to pull this firealarm... This lady tripping.
Would love to connect at #ctia and chat. Please DM me. Thanks
With www.S2YD.com, you can have any one of 45 restaurants delivered right to your door in under an hour in Madison. Check us out!!!
what up g
Investors enjoy the win-win
School. Work. Sleep. Repeat.
I just wanna eat a bunch of food right now.
Whoo~ yard sale! Stop by and say hi! :D
Funny how easily people can fall out of your life.
The library just emailed me saying Fifty Shades of Gray was available for me. Even free, do I want to waste my time?
I know you're like fiasco's biggest fan
I'm so excited for you- this is a whole new chapter :)
People always starting rumorss... damn do people have a life tho??
Now offering our same great services in two locations: Atlanta and Douglasville!!!! Call (678) 653-1883 for more information...
special thanks to those original follows I never mentioned because I am so not twitter savvy....yet!
'umm can I have a dozen Biscoffs?'
#MustFollow she's
did u see my email re yrbk? If not see me in am some ad notes for u.
I'm on in about 5 minutes! Tune in now to Channel 2 News to see me answer your #legal questions on their 'Ask A #Lawyer' segment!
Yo , I'm heading from Madison to Milwaukee today for your show at the I can haz ride with you?
are they the girls vlados?
Associated Press has reported Whitney Houston has died at 48 years old! So sad, more tonight on 10 on ABC5.
thanks for the #ff!!
WOW. My vagina is super pissed at politicians right now. Mostly Republicans.
Wow, the confusion and frustration since we all don't speak spanish and english.. Should you speak spanish? Or everyone else speak english?
Love this show! Only competition show I watch...
Karma is only a bitch if you are.
Looking for a nice Irish love song to play today XD
YES. Gave me chills.
Cannot wait for game 6 of the #WorldSeries woo!
I repair musical instruments part-time and am a distributor for Lifemax, the makers of Mila
Ugh derricks rose is gone damn damn ECL hop he,get better
Need help? U can now txt us reports of greedy bosses. 720-440-2765...
Flash mob, charleston, February....
Congratulations, class of #Marist2016 ! Follow & learn more about the exciting heritage of your new school
: That's great! I'm speaking on College Application Essay Writing 101 at the Sudbury Library, May 23 at 7 pm. Spread the news!
Born & raised in Madison, working on the insomnia :-)
Thanks to everyone who supported ALPFA Milwaukee's churro sale!
Bringing back some fresh spring wines to the proud one! O lalala!
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large
Fuck take your child to work. Mall c:
haha I know you broke up with him! …I'm soo proud:)
Mayweather is getting tired
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do.
And......everyone in Philly vomits....
I think I'm gonna go to college and major in Religion so I can be a preacher. And I may change my username on here.
oh yea that far...all my friends live so far from me :'''(.....
Looks dope
thanks I had fun I'm on my way home now :)
one per bag. sorry. doesn't have time to make any more. well, she needs to make 6 more. but that's it for now
Happy new years<3
Halftime: #CLIPPERS 39 - Grizzlies 38.. Players to the locker room.. me to the shower!! Be right back!!
You make me smile! And you are such an empowering, inspiring woman.
Q: What's the range of a tuba? A: Twenty yards if you've got a good arm!
Thankful for the MYC band and singers!
drive carefully, my good man.
Did Carson Daly say "Justin Bieber is backstage dying?" OMG! I hope Bieber doesn't die!
: if Yes is the answer, what was the question?!
You're #MyWish . Follow me, never change! I love u so much! You're incredible, I want cry when i hear your songs kisses5. *-*
Nothing like a little Belgian beer to revitalize the palate. Thanks to
This thing in my belly ( aka Outlaw) will not stop dancing. I find this incredibly annoying. GO TO SLEEP little one!!!
hahahaha not a cute girl in that joint!!
EW OLIVES..... Yuck.
RT Check out our ads on the Support the #Homeless #Children and Youth Act (H.R. 32) in CQ and Roll Call today!
I want a boyfriend That's exactly like i think he's just absolutely amazing!:)
Yo mamma is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a bluetooth.
There is NO way that's a venue! Is it really?
I just found out how we can have 2 six month vacations every year!
What's your favorite hold'em hand?
Braces today ! No !
spent time with some incredible students at Booker T Washington High School for the Performing & Visual Arts yesterday.
When Stretching Is A Bad Idea
- Please also follow us - Pittsburgh
Lol! "Get off my cloud!" Ain't it the truth though? :)
Predict Newt wins GA, RS wins OK, MR takes AK, VT, MA, ID, ND, VA
. I really hope you're not getting poured on right now! :\
will be playing at #RevolutionSaturdays . Follow him now to stay updated on his shows!
thanks for the "favorite"!!!! And likin the new twitter name (liked the old one, too haha)
Stumbled upon original programming #Battleground which was quite fun and enjoyable. Then got sucked in to Shawn Doyle fluff
Yael Sternhell's Routes of War: The World of Movement in the Confederate South (Harvard University Press, 2012). It rocks.
i like the iced mocha, although i don't like the whipped cream and sometimes it's too bitter. it varies.
Lmao going back & reading my old tweets aaahh funny!
MAA TV Chairman Nimmagadda Prasad arrested by CBI. Actually, I would punish him for telecasting Athadu and Chatrapathi thousands of times!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimrock and John Nolen. Use caution in that area.
Yep kinda switches up in the middle wanted to see if u thought it was too much
"Das Boot"...A movie or the ramification's of not paying your tickets in Chicago? Somebody invented the Denver boot and the world cried
whatever you do, dont mix it with some rufies...then you're just asking for a sore ass in the morning.
{takes 's hand} Warton meet Moo {gestures to Moo}. Moo meet Major Warton Whitlock. He eats people unlike people eating cows
I would never!
Mad Men NO!
Do you really wanna love me forever or is it just a hit an run ? (;
I think April's almost asleep woot cause im ready for bed myself ^.^
of course :)
with the Cow as one of the stops! Come watch them complete the Cow challenges while enjoying a cold one. Giddy Up!
oh I know lol
“: A homeless man followed Niall around Venice beach for 30 minutes,asking him for money & Niall gave him 45 dollars.
So glad everyone from was able to stop by last night, had a blast!
wearing the same red tie every day.
Did someone say drama?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 7
Good mornin tweeps feelin way better then yesterday #Refreshed y'all have a good day....
Play Me In Draw Something Username: AnthonyConroy
Breakfast at the hospital!
cutest couple pretty much ever <3 so stop hiding it haha
next. im going to be in phoenix this weekend
Loving #DerbyonNBC constant on-screen integration for #KentuckyDerby coverage on
I practice until successfully #
Can't wait for The Amazing Spiderman. I think Spiderman is my favorite super hero.
One extra Big Pour early session ticket for sale for face ($65) DM me, meet outside the pour at 11:30. Please RT
I love how suspended players in the NFL can appeal their suspension to the man that handed down the suspension. Real fair process.
It was nice to finally meet , , and I feel like I've heard so much about you lot!
Yes! See you there! RT : On way to KC! Looking forward to seeing good friends & being inspired by energetic family docs
Big game tomorrow night vs. MSU can't wait. Team seems very relaxed. I like it!!
the assembly todayy
"skipping gym" in the lockerroom.
I miss the !!! When will she be back?!
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear obama hope and change
Want a DJ to hop on this new mixtape but I dont got time for bs holla at me if u interested or know someone who would b
#Myboyfriend treats me like a princess. :D I love it <3
Inspiring story of a town reinventing itself after destruction!
Who do you think wins the series between Yanks and BoSox? 1 Hour until the game airs on ESPN!
Miss my GirlFriend already 42112 <3
The Voice, really? REALLY?!?? ;-)
Follow me got bored with it for a cpl years but im back on
....so much is overrated.
just copped #controlsystem off iTunes thank you
Only one slice of angel food cake (with strawberry compote) left!
Having a great time at D&B (:
Hearing anonymous callers talking about their regrets on da radio makes me feel a lot better about my life. They cuttin up on,GCI
Whoa, cool! Where'd you get it? I have a Who-vian friend with a birthday approaching...
gotto get to work ! Talk later tonite if your on .
Need to play the man. Newman has glass jaw - focus to be on his poor financial mgt at City Hall re: trans-apex Will send QLD broke
we will definitely be doing g+ on the next Lote. Yell if you want invites
Absolutely! RT : Any room for stowaways, in that party wagon?
haha real funny were u stay so i can come over there and whip ur ass
hahahahaha!!! Just kidding! But we won't have a car! Duh! Get yourself to the party and party with us there!
Am I buying into the hype if I admit wearing wayfarers makes me feel cool?
Ah...darn! Well, you will someday! :)
is in the building. Money well spent #ringofhonor all day
contagious for 24 hours it supposed to go away in 78
thanks! got your e-mail! sorry to clog up your twitter!
Never been to a Korn concert, I am going to check it out tonight.
dear everybody, please follow my bestfriend » ;)
The fact that Cinderella is going back to Broadway makes me so excited!!! #itcouldbeme 👸👑💍💎
kill da bitch
Swear love is pain in disguise
Soderling,we know u don't like the wind but what can we do against it?!
I know haha but I miss you being terrible at it! I didn't have to try as hard haha
SHAMELESS SELF-PROMOTION!!!!!
Robb finished his leg and handed over the baton to Annie. Still about 5 minutes ahead of schedule. 0.4% to target ... Impressive !
Illusion is the first of all pleasures. Oscar Wilde
Hi Toronto Savings Thanks for the Follow. I'll like to speak to you maybe we can net work and develop a franchise kind of
Great minds think alike. Sometimes I'm too vigilant.
I try not to talk about the highest court in the land on twitter, because the only reasonable way to write it makes me think of ball sacks.
Today is too busy
I really admire your art work!
Thanks! Please do! Let us know what you think on twitter! :)
Danny mac loves the taigers almost as much as a 12 pack af mic ultra
Happy #AprilFoolsDay: Ours isn't the only culture to celebrate silliness. The Romans observed religious holidays called the "hilaria."
Work flow. Day 1 of 18 straight
Trouble brewing in the market--new page added today! www.rocketrobinson.com
Jesse just finished us LAST final at Penn State! Congrats Jesse! Now go blast some Hopes High!
-grabs your hips-
You really should take some time and do some research. You could always give me a call.
Hmm forbidden? I'm not sure...I'll look it up.
I need to make my pizza crust. Don't wanna.
The roads are so slick I almost couldn't tweet this update while driving... JK !!!!
so... how was your #wppi?
It Friday but fell like saturday O.o
I Thoughtt You Was My Everythingg Thaa Wholee Time You Was Someone Else Everything!
That's good! :)
love a girl who has a fat ass. that dnt mind bending over n taking a big dick
#love and DJ Polish Remix
Congrats on the film adaptation!
hi :D
I went to the evil dentist to get my teeth cleaned and my teeth were so dirty that they couldn't get them all cleaned within an hour!! What?
Who says Mad Men is too subtle?
I get these from all of my followers on twitter . When I find more I will let you know & told you google know
These Updates that my Phone have don't be about Nothin.
Im gona start savin up money 2 go 2 Believe again.Maybe ill actually meet u next time if im not chickenshit.ttyl luv loyalbri
I wish I had half as much as she does > RT Big Tiff >>>>. That child so much self esteem & self confidence.
What is up everyone!!! Make sure to visit www.partyslayerz.com for tickets, music and all the info you need!!
What a catastrophe on the Gulf? Drill baby drill drove us to this - deeper water, steeper risks. Hole forms in Obama energy policy.
what I want to know is: how do you make a 1-D flick 3-D? Maybe they'll at least shorten it....
Welcome back everybody! /yd
hm.... like my new bg? lol
290 — The number of entrepreneurs per 100,000 people in the Chicago area.
Not looking good outside. Auntie Em! Auntie Em!
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does. ~Christopher Morley
Was the pressure too much? L_S_D?
Actus reas is a guilty act
A completely insane thunderstorm was waiting for me at the top of the u st metro- so, Starbucks mocha before heading heading home it is
Early Voting Starts Today! Please get out and Vote! If you would like to volunteer, have questions or need assistance of any kind please...
Love Housewives of Miami , they are funny ...
you got that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile!! <33
Thanks for the heads up- we'll look into that right away!
omg *dying* she did!
you HAVE to get the ALL red bag of Starburst jelly beans, they are delicious...but not this week...
Eagerly awaiting the start of the tour.
$6.00 an hour to park in Sydney... Am I getting a foot massage and happy ending too?
^Poojah & : ^Scott was "great-fwd" w/help. No frustrations @ all considering advances in
Taking a long time to shower, just cause you like to stand there, under the warm water, doing nothing
. That's because "Ashley's story" wasn't just selling a candidate, it was selling a war too.
Last night on , a Twat looked like she had a two-on-one with a CandyCane and a PeaCock
Software is like nuclear power, when its good, it's good. When it's bad, its really bad.
There is a girl from Larzalere who was on the Atlanta one... I haven't watched it, but I heard she cries!
Yo homie DM me ya email so i can get this heat to ya.
I personally find it offensive.
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (rvzo8)
Got off work...&. I literally spent my whole Saturday in bed ... :(
I never learned any of this in my Crisis Communications class! LOL!
rednecks tryna tell me how to hunt nd shit..
Tending to the sleeping Munchkin upstairs as a cutthroat game of Munchkin begins downstairs. Have fun et al!
One of my favoirte of ur videos is the sims in real life.lmao
Loves it when the coach calls 2 straight QB sneaks with an added bonus of a fumble and a td brought back by a holding call. YES
I need a new book to read! =) Any recos for non-fiction?
when did you get back to NYC?
stomach issues...I just wanna lay in bed all day and be lazy
RT If you're our biggest fan!
haha by accident
I produced some good numbers
haha no. I would have called everybody.
trying twitter for the 1st time.. this is cool
RT : #eLearning content writers need to learn something from fiction writers to better engage their audiences.
thanks man! Cross it up! Haha
Ive thought bout it... Lol would never do it but damn sho thought About it!
Watching prototype this #itsawesomeuhugh
could you follow me?:) I watch your youtube vids all the time:)
Great song. "that's all; I don't think of you that often."
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Excuse me?
I swear my iPod is the only thing to keep my alive, <3
Don't you hate it when you visually can see the article you want from memory, but can't remember the title or pub name?
Shoutout to y'all sexy dudes out there!!!!!! I c you
For those wondering, don't expect back to tweeting today. The goal wasn't reached, so the return has been delayed yet again.
Dear johns over, time for bed
burt would only appear on the list as turd ferguson - once it hits 20 candidates we'll put it to a vote!
I'm for it. Go LA. ... And Avs. They need to win too.
what's on Colbert?
Neon green cords to work... #toosoon?
Still don't like the #newnewtwitter extra side padding, even after sleeping on it. I'm sure more sleep will make me not care.
Hey are you guys ready for the #skifever show? Ready to see you guys move in soon. Stop by for a sample.
Closed 2 awesome deals today, and have another in the queue, and it isn't even 2:00pm. What what!
network speed test, page rendering from browser, movie playback and keyboard typing / long and detailed thank you!
So what's everyone doing tonight? Any fun events on TV?
hahaha! Did u find this or make it?
OH SNAP, it's October. Where the hell did the time go? Time to start planning Halloween adventures, awyeah
#slipknot is successful by "keeping it original" says band member clown
We'll be tomato tasting this Saturday at Cow by Bear.
and are about to do SHOW!!!! 4 gays boy 1 show... Oh snap... Dont miss this!
Even the toughest stains are nothing for Revolutionary Cleaning yacht and boat cleaning. call now : 866-970-2532
Heading out of the city life for a min for a brief mini vacation!! *wink*
Reminder! St. Patty's Day is this Saturday! :-)
whyd you get a MRI?! And yeah theyre crazy
Yeah you really can't trust women when you can trust your mom bro
My fiance did 80/20 diet during pregnancy & our 5 day old baby is sleeping 6hr at night, rolls to her side, healthy & calm!
Thanks for the #FF & !
Sometimes I think people like making me angry but its ok, because I'm that scary kind of angry that starts off all quiet and then freaks out
“: 51 days left till July 1st.”ndbjsnnkedneckn I'm so excited.
our images would never go viral if not for our extreme height difference. Also helps that you take nice photos.
LMFAO, SHIT FUNNY AND TRUE AS A BITCH
GA TWEOPLES! just took it another level w/their site! Step your social game up musicians!
my sister finally is here in florida and i finally got a car...im so happy !!!!! thanks
your grace is amazing sis!
Think about how many people tour on a bus...usually it's about twelve on board. That's a lot of people hanging around a crash
LOL! You are too funny! Thanks
This weekend is going to be full of sleep and studying for AP exams.
Oh, it's already been proven, it's just a matter of time until Walker is
R.I.P Whitney Houston. So sad!
$5 off your next order when you say you saw us on Twitter! CALL US NOW FOR YOUR SAME DAY DELIVERY or LEGAL COURIER SERVICE! 877-527-5737
That's a ridiculous sexy photo.
Be careful. You're entering dangerous territory.
Calm down!
you see the one when I tried liquor for the first time and took 15 shots in 2 mins I was done
Gotta have more thin just good looks gotta no how to cook
Shout outs check em out!
This study hall class sucks so bad... you arnt even aloud to listen to music...
alright cool i cant wait to hear:)
Pulled out from under the bed past lecture notes for an upcoming CultureinPeril post. Nerdy? Excessive? Essential? Perhaps all three!
About to tweet from USC Teaching With Technology conference #usctwt12 to hear
RDA will fix that! And MARC will yield to linked data! And ILS redesigns will surely follow! :)
I would love to bring my seven yr old!!
Boo to you.
So if u like corn come lol
Thanks Dean. Your a true friend. I am working through it. I just feel pretty used up at the moment and don't have much to give.
ad tech leaders at #RTTS12 today - great line-up and catch-up
That moment when you catch eye contact with someone who you might begin history with<3
